VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 143.
BRITISH TROOPS DRIVE THE
BOERS FROM TALANA HILL
Dundee, Natal, the Scene of the First
Big Battle in the Present War,
and the Losses on Both Sides Are
Very Heavy— General Symons
Badly Wounded.
GLENCOE CAMP, Oct. 20, 2:50 p. m.— After eight hours of con
tinuous heavy fighting, Talana Hill was carried by the Dublin
Fusileers and the King's Rifles under cover of a well-directed
artillery fire by the Thirteenth and Sixty-ninth batteries. The
Boers who threatened the British rear have retired.
The fight was almost an exact counterpart of that of Majuba
Hill, except that the positions of the Boer and British forces were
reversed. General William Symons was severely but not danger
ously wounded. General Yule assumed command. General Symons
was shot through the thigh, but no bones were broken. He is
cheerful.
GLEN CAMP, Oct. 20 (After- i
noon). — Tho battle to-day has |
be^-n a brilliant success. The j
Boers got a reverse which may j
possibly, for a time at any rate. j
check all aggressive action. The
British artillery practice In the early part
of the day decided the battle. The seizure j
of Dundee Hill by the Boers was a sur
prise, for although the pickets had been
exchanging phots all night, it was not un
til 8. shell boomed over the town Into the j
camp that their presence was discovered.
Then the shells came fast. The hill was j
positively alive with the swarming Boers; ;
still the British artillery got to work with j
magnificent energy and precision.
The batteries from the camp took up \
positions to the south of the town and !
after a quarter of an hour's magnificent]
LIPTON'S ATTEMPT TO LIFT THE CUP HAS FAILED
The San Francisco Call.
firing silenced the guns on the hill.
The correspondent could pee shells drop
ping among the Boer pints with remark
able accuracy and doing tremendous ex
ecutlon, for the enemy were present In
very large numbers and In places con- j
: bly exposed.
By this time the enemy held the whole
of the hill behind Smith's farm and the
Dundee k<>pj<?. right away to the south, '
in which the British infantry and cavalry
moved at once.
The fighting raged particularly hot at
the valley outside the town. Directly the;
<i firing General Symons '
ordered the infantry to move on t!.'
Bitlon. The infantry charge was magnu
cent. The way the King s Royal Rifl» s
and the Dublin Fusileers stormed the po
sition was one of the most splendid sights j
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
ever seen. The firing of the Boers was
not so deadly as might have been ex
pected from troops occupying Fuch an ex
it position, but the Infantry lost
heavily going up the hill, and only the
consummately brilliant way in which
Symons bad trained them to
lighting of the kind saved them from be
ing swept away. Indeed, the hill was al
most inaccessible to the storming party
and nny hesitation would have lost the
day. The onemy's guns, so far as the
correspondent could see, were all aban
. f>r the Boers had no time to re
move them A stream of fugitives poured
down the hillside into the valley, where
the battle wont on with no abatement.
General Sj'mons was wounded early in
Continued on Second Page.
Talana Hill— The Kings Royal Rifles and the Dublin Fusileers Attacking the Position of
the Boer Artillery.
In "Shamrock Weather" the Amer
ica's Trophy Defender Again
Sails Away From the Irish
Challenger.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Put away the (
cup and turn the key: cast it
away even, for there will be time
enough to mold another before the
lock need be turned again. Twine
garlands around the trophy, but scatter
about it ashes, for once more it is an urn
for ashes for hope, not the chalice of
victory which Sir Thomas Llpton had
hoped to lift.
Beaten at every point of sailing and in
every* sort of weather, there can be no
further doubt that the Shamrock is not
in the Columbia's class. One lone doubt
that remains is whether there is any such
thing as "Shamrock weather." That
which was apportioned to her to-day was
popularly regarded as the kind in which
the broad-beamed Irish cutter would show
to greater advantage than ■ her narrqw
waisted competitor. But from the start
to finish, throughout the wild dance to
the outer mark, and throughout the dip
ping and rearing spray-beaten thresh to
windward there never was a time that su
periority of the Herreshoff racer was not
apparent.
"We might as well wait until Herres
hoff retires from yacht-building," said a
discouraged British yachtsman as he
closed up his binoculars and placed them
In their case. "There seems to be no use
in our building challengers so long as he
continues to build defenders."
Clean-cut as was this victory of to-day
j It was even more glorious as a spectacle.
Imagine two superb racing yachts sway
ing and staggering before a wind which
had the weight of half a gale in It, their
swollen sails threatening each moment to
bid farewell to creaking boom and buck
ling spar. Picture, If you can, the stream
of foam which came . boiling about the
flying yachts as, driving before the wind
and sea, they. rose buoyantly to the swells
to sink stern first Into the sloping val
leys that came racing after them. Then
home again with flat; sails, as taut as
drumheads and lee scuppers knee deep
In foam, one i straining spar and shroud
and sail and stay in a terrific effort to
keep the vantage gained, the other as
desperately striving to overcome the lead.
It was well worth the ten misspent days
the excursionists had squandered on these
.other lifeless efforts "at racing, and which
proved to be little more than days of fog
and calm and drift.
Straight out of the north a lively wind
was blowing when the two yachts arrived
off the lightship. The wind had a twenty
mlle-an-hour gait and the Shamrock, as
she dipped her green hull Into the sea, had
a now-or-never look about' her. It was
wind that Sir Thomas had been looking
for, and in it all realized lay the Sham
rock's last, long, lingering hope of taking
away the cup. In all other sorts of
weather she had been weighed and found
wanting. It remained to see what she
could do In wind of the kind that was
blowing to-day. •"■
The start was at the lightship and the
course was a fifteen-mile run to leeward
and a beat back to the finish line. Both
boats were standing to the northward
under mainsail and Jib when the prepara
tory gun was fired. The wind was then
too bri3k for tho yachts to show club top
sails, but their working topsails were up
in stops and ready for setting. The Sham
rock's was ; sheeted . home three minutes
after the preparatory gun was heard, the
Columbia setting her staysails four min
utes later.
, At five minutes, to 11 came the •warning
gun, and ■ the racers . headed for the line,
both Jockeying for position j and neither
gaining any decided advantage. The star t^
,_■ — - . 1
ing gun was fired, and the Shamrock
Stood across the line showing mainsail,
working topsail, jib and staysail. The
challenger crossed at 11:00:34. followed
one minute and one second later by the
defender. The Shamrock lowered her spin
naker to starboard as she crossed the line,
but Captain Hogarth did not get it set
until full half a minute after the Colum
bia's went swelling to the wind. On the
other hand the Columbia had not set her
working topsail, while that of the Sham
rock was gradually drawing that vessel
away from the Columbia.
Meanwhile the Shamrock's spinnaker
was giving trouble, the sail hanging in '
stops a dozen feet or more from the top- j
mast head. This ndvnntage was evened |
by the queer capers which the Columbia's j
spinnaker cut. The pole sremed "to be too ;
light for the great weight of the wind i
which the sajl was carrying, and it fre
quently tipped at an angle so sharp that ■
it seemed as though the spar would be up
ended. Once it went so high Into the air
that it looked as though the pole had i
been broken or that the crew were making
efforts to take In sail. Despite all the
handicaps of tipping booms and the ab
sence of gaff topsail, the American boat ,
continued to overhaul the Shamrock, j
Then the Columbia broke out her topsail,
and soon afterward the Shamrock's men >:
were afforded the same old familiar view
of the Columbia's stern which they had
so often looked upon before.
The wind held strong and true, and the |
run down the wind was as pretty a j
yachting scene as was ever witnessed, j
The excursion fleet toiling along on either i
beam had all it could do to keep pace i
with the winged racers. The gallant j
American was still in the van as the two I
COMPARED WITH PAST YEARS,
COLUMBIA MADE GOOD TIME
THE following table Mrlves the wlitntnsr yachts In the internation
al contest" for the America* cup. and the time occupied by each
In ernluit over the coarse. It will be observed that the time
• mnde by the Columbia In the l:i»t two races of the Merles) of
1800 compares very favorably with that of pa.it years*, having been
excelled on but three occasional
* lSsl_Amer.ca.. ..;..................... H.M.S. I
+ is.-.! America 8:34:OO *.
+ IS7O— Muprle 3:58:21 *-
-X ISTl— Columbia 0:10:41 *
* Columbia . . 3:07:41 ♦
* Livonia .......7...;................ 4:02:25 *
* Sappho ................ 5:30:02 *
Sappho 4:10:17
. 187O— Madeline :.. 5:23:54 j,
J Madeline 7:1S:4« ■+
1881 — Mischief... 4:17:00 if
Mischief 4:54:53 jj.
£ ISBs— Puritan ..........:. 6:00:05 34.
Puritan ......'.........1.' 5t03:14 *■
+ 1880 — Mayflower 5:26:41 *
■¥ Mayflower 0:40:10 *•
* Volunteer '.. ...........•..../ - 4:53:18 ?
* Volunteer . ... 5:42:56
£ Vigilant '. .......... ... 4:05:47 +
-ft VlKllunt 3:25:01 ♦
I-K Vlgfllant 3:24:29 *
* 1805— Defender 4:50:55 *
*' Valkyrie 111......... 3:55:00 ■*
J Defender ... 4:43:43 +
+ 1890^-Columbia 4i53:53 *
* Columbia 3:37:00 *
f Columbia 3i3»i00 *
* *
*••••*••*••••••***•* ****** •••••••••*^*jg
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
neared the turning point. The jib which
the Shamrock had been carrying had been
replaced by the largest in her sail locker,
and for a time it seemed as though the
Irish cutter wnuld hold her own. but not
for long. In spite of the change of can
vas, in spite of everything that Captain
Hogarth could do, the Columbia steadily
drew away from the Irish cutter. Near
ing the outer mark both made prepara
tions for turning it. the Columbia taking
In her spinnaker as she brought the buoy
broad off hnr starboard bow. the Sham
rock doffing hers half a minute later.
Luffing around the point, the Columbia
stond away on the starboard tack, fol
lowed seventeen seconds later by the
closely pursuing Shamrock.
The r^ad home \\,is the road of the
rough, and Irrimediati ly after heading into
the wind both yachts began a lively dance
over the tumbling sens. The defender
was under mainsail, jib and staysail. The
Shamrock, under the same sail, carried
a working topsail in addition. She took
that in at 12:34. the strain being too great
for her rigging. Over the decks of both
r utters the spray flew in sheets, and the
lower edges of their mainsails were kept
(inrk with flying- clouds of spray.
No need to tell here of how or when the
two boats tacked or how often they -went
about in thru long thresh back to the fin
ish line. Sufficient to say Thar whenever
one altered her course the other followed.
Tacks v,ere frequent and at irregular in
tervals, but each time the Shamrock
spilled the wind out of her sails, spun
around upon her heels and filled on the
other tack her crew saw the Columbia
still farther in the lead.
The Columbia gradually widened the
gap. steadily outfooting and outpointing
the Shamrock, and despite that vessel's
brave showing it became apparent that
she was not to win. This became so evi
dent as the two neared the finish line
that the conclusion of the contest was
robbed of all the sensational features
which mark a closely contested event.2
PARLIAMENT IN AN UPROAR
OVER WAR APPROPRIATION
Irish Members Fteht the Bill and Redmond Is
Finally Forced to Leave the
House.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day the First Lord of the
Treasury and Government leader, Arthur
J. Balfour, moved an address of thanks
to her Majesty for the royal message call
ing out the militia. John' Dillon, Nation
alist member of East Mayo, moved an
amendment declaring lit- embodiment of
the militia unnecessary. This was rejected
by a vote of 2'Ai against 36.
In reply to a question regarding j
the rumored purchase of Delagoa
Bay by Great Britain, Mr. Balfour ;
paid no arrangements had been made
for such a transaction! Replying to i
a question as to Samoa, he said no d#cl-
Bion had yet been reached as to the future
administration of the Islands, and that the
matter was still under consideration.
The House having 'gone into committee i
of supply, the Parliamentary Under ore- !
tary of State for War, Mr. Wyndham. in- j
troduced the supplementary army eeti- j
mates. In the course of an explanation
of the nature of the call and of the man- '
nor in which the nation had responded to I
it. he said:
"The British military system. If it is
worth anything, must enable us to send
an expedition abroad without depriving
our homes of protection. We cannot be
satisfied unless we can send such an expe
dltlon without destroying the machinery
for maintaining our army abroad."
Dealing with the army corps now going \
out. Mr. Wyndham said it numbered 24,- ;
(H>J regulars, all trained and mature men.
Including 6000 cavalry, 114 guns, 261 wag
ons, from 9000 to 11,000 horses and 14,000
mules. It had been necessary to call a
portion of the reserve In order to bring |
some of the regiments to their full war j
6tr<ngtn. The Government therefore had :
called for 25,000 men. Assuming that 21,0 ft)
would be live — and this expectation
had been illy verified— the British force ;
la the field would consist of 20,000 men
with the colors and 21,000 reservists,
•"This may em a large force," said j
Mr. Wyndham," but we must reflect that j
the two republics, by their juxtaposition, !
have a strategical advantage, enabling !
them to concentrate for attack at any
l>ulnt on a frontier of 2020 miles, a fron- j
tier everywhere hundreds of miles from
the sea, arid when we further consider the
area involved, which is Inhabited by 3,300,- '
ouo natives, it is clear that considerations
<-.f humanity dictate that the empire :
thould display an unmistakable exhibition
of strength to secure one of its greatest
dependencies from the horrors of dilatory
operations."
In explaining the organization of the j
enormous transport service, Mr. Wynd- >
liam said the reason it was not mobilized ;
Amid the shrieks of whistles the Columbia
swept grandly across the finish line at
2:^. followed six minim-? and thirty-four
seconds later by the beaten Shamrock.
This Is what Sir Thomas Upton had to
Fay about his defeat:
"We had to-day a fair wind and what
we supposed to be Shamrock weather.
The Columbia won on her merits, ajid she
is the better boat. My opponents have
treated me not only fairly, but generously.
1 have no complaint to make, and even if
] wished to iind fault I would not do it.
I certainly have it in mind to win the cup.
I must consult -with the builders and take
a few days to consider the challenge, but
1 shall challenge again unless Bom« one
else comes forward. If so, I shall stand
aside."
Mr. Iselln. when seen after the race,
taid that he had been convinced all along
that the Columbia was a better boat than
the Shamrock, and that this test In
weather" has proved it.
Captain Barr of the Columbia said he
thouerht it was a grand race and said fur
ther that he had never had any fear as to
the final outcome of the contest.
"As for my sailor men," he added, ' they
deserve all the credit in the -world."
Mr. Morgan was delighted with the vic
tory, as were all other members or the
New York Yacht Club. ,\ r ""-i,
"Are the dudes all here?" asked Mr. Mor
gan, laughingly, referring to some news
paper criticism about a multitude of coun
selors:. The joy that was on board the Co
lumbia spread" to that vessel's tender, the
St. Michaels, where each member of the
winning crew was greeted with a storm of
cheers as he, came on board.
Captain Robley D. Evans of the United
State? navy, who had charge of th pa
trol fleet; was the recipient of many con
gratulations last evening on the manner
in which the course ha-: Deen kept clear.
"I am glad." he said, that th( contest
Is over, for it had grown a bit tiresome.
The officers and men of the revenue cut
ter? and those of ■ ie torpedo flotilla are
entitled to all credit, and if I ever have
another detail like this I will not want a
better fleet captain than my friend Cap
tain Roberts of the Manning."
Though his yacht has been beaten In the
contest for the cup, there is to Sir Thomas
Lipron no gloom in defeat. Throughout it
all he has conducted himself as a true
sportsman should, .id so popular has he
become that there is now a movement on
foot to present him a loving cup, a move
ment that is headed by former Mayor
Strung and other prominent men of this
c ' tv -
TECHNICAL STORY
OF THE FINAL RACE
OF THE BIG YACHTS
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Out of the north
ward with a rush came a (rood stiff breeze
this morning, <-'.earing away what hale
and fog then waa between 7 and 8
o'clock and giving the skippers and crews
of the Columbia and the Shamrock the
best encouragement they have yet re
ceived for a race.
By 9:30 both yachts were passing
through tho ro:ter end of Gedncys Chan
nel and a few minutes later, after easting
off from thoir tugboats, they were stnnd-
S and on, under mainsail and Jib,
trying the bree*e, which was now from
by '-ast and Increasing in
weigl mute. By 10:20 the wind
was blowing fully twenty miles an bour,
churning up quite a littlu sea off th<>
hip, and it I : i-tful then
■ins would be able to carry
even working topsails over their main
sails, much less their big clubpails.
Tl i! corns ■ ■ ■ the course slg- !
nals, south by west, soon after 10:30. The'
ratory signal was given .it. IQ;4C, the
warning at v>. .'■."> ami th-> one to start at
lock. Just v* the preparatory signal '
;■>•■ n the Shamrock ?ot her working
I an ill. Th.; Columbia's
waa not yet set. Both yachts wro man
euvering north of th<* !in<>, with bon>'
oard, when the warning piifnai was
The Shamrock. hi-:id:ng about
44 A Miss is As
Good as a Mile/
If you are not entirely 'well, you are ill.
Illness does not mean death's door. It is
a sense of weariness, a " tired feeling" a
life filled with nameless pains and suffer-
ing. In 90% of cases the blood is to blame.
Hood's Sarsaparilla. is Nature's corrective
for disorders of the blood,
earlier would bo apparent when he de
clared that the embodiment of three army
corps for home defense and tho dispatch
of two army corps to a country where
facilities of locomotion existed would be
a graver yet a shorter and easier task.
By October 25 24.000 men would be shipped;
that Is. In less than six days.
The cost of mobilizing 4:." 1 " 1 men, trans
ferring them six thousand miles, equip
ping them, maintaining them for four
months in a land destitute of surplus sup
plies, Mr. Wyndham said, would be
£7 000,000.
"By dispatching these thirty-three bat
talions," he continued, "we destroyed
thirty-three machines for training men
and instructing officers in their simplest
duties, and we broke up the more com
plex organism of brigades necessary for
the instruction of general and staff ofll
cers. The Government, therefore, pro
poses to embody, thirty-three battalions
ol militia.
"We would have violated a fundamental
principle of our army system if we had
mobilized without militia, that principle
being that when all the battalions o: a
regiment are sent abroad we must call out
the afliliated militia battalion and form
a provisional battalion by welding the
militia and tho men under twenty left be
hind.
"Cavalry and field artillery are
strengthened differently. We propose to
raise seven cavalry regiments remaining
at home to a higher establishment and to
raise the nineteen home batteries to six
gun establishments. The steps 1 have
described will not be made to assist in
the war against the two republics, but
to put the army in the same position as
it was before the war. Such steps are nec
essary unless we are content, firstly to
exist as a nation on sufferance of other
powers, and secondly to allow to perish
the army machine contrived during the
last nineteen years at a groat sacrifice
on the part of the taxpayers, to protect
these Islands, and that train forces to de
fend the empire over seas."
Mr. Wyndham concluded with a eulogy
of the commander in chief. Lord Wolse
ley, and of the officers of the colonies.
The Irish members and Henry Labou
chere alone opposed the estimates.
Michael Davitt. Nationalist, character
ized the war as a "hideous and damnable
massacre." He said there had never been
such magnificent robbery by force,"doubt
less because the prize was the greatest
that ever tempted the cupidity of the em
pire."
John Dillon, Nationalist, thought that a
great country ought to be ashamed to
have to call out Its reserves.
William Redmond, ellite, vigorously
denounced the policy of the Government
and was repeatedly called to order by the
speaker for rambling. He contrasted the
attitude of Great Britain toward Venezu
ela with her attitude toward the Trans
vaal.
"In the former case," he said, "the
United States announced that Great Brit
northeast, had the Columl ■ 10 her
H.>fh were tying down with
their \c-v rails awash.
The Shamrock came about first and
kr-pt off f>>r th-< line when two minutes
wi : -H ivi't before l -. al. The Colum
bia, afu-r standing on a few s< conda long
er on ilit- i>urt tack, cam<- about on
the Shamrock a weather quarter, ami
a? both approa* hed the ■<•■.•■ with
the Columbia in the weather
the latter's spinnaker boom was dropped
to pi ' the gun waa Bred. The
ock, running down before th<> wind,
reached th<^ vicinity of the committee boat
a fVw s<-ot>ndt too soon, m» Captain Ho
garth kept her broad off to use up the
time and then luff-'d across the commit
sktii Just at gun lire, crossing
the line- at a twelve-knoi i Up, with the Co
lumbia several lengi tei ad :, her
weather quarter. Capl r luffed tin.
diagonally across the line until
rew were readj to set the spinnaker
to start. i»rcL It waa broken out at 1.
- lamrock's thirtj .- -Mids later.
official time of the start waa
umbia, 11:01:35.
Shamrock, 11:00:34.
The Shamrock had certainly the better
i of the start, and with such a breeze blow
ing over her taffrail it seemed as if her
j chance had come to show her speed in a
run-down before the wind. In setting
the. Columbia's spinnaker the boom had,
be?n slacked so far forward that at 11:03
the sail lifted over the head stays by the
force of the wind. For a moment it
looked as if the sail would be split, but
by careful handling of the guy it was
; brought back to its position In a few
: minutes.
Those who expected to see the Colum
: Ma walk right away from the Shamrock
i were disappointed. Five minutes passed—
! ten. fifteen— and thfre was no noticeable
• difference In the positions of the boats.
! The green yacht maintained her lead, her
! spinnaker remaining: exactly where It was
put and Fpiiiing the wind into the stay
sail, Jib and baby Jib topsails, which sails
had been carried from the start.
Captain Barr at 11:11. finding that the
Columbia was not overhauling the Sham
' rock to any extent, had the working top
i sail set. The spinnaker continued to be
have badly, flying over the head stays
twice In the next twenty minutes, thereby
losing seconds of time fur the yacht. The
course of fifteen miles to leeward was to
i bring the yachts down off Asbury Park
i for the turn. When they pasted the Long
: Branch pier at about ll;i>0 the Shamrock
was leading by an eighth of a mile, the
Columbia sailing directly in her wake.
The Columbia took In her fore stay sail
at that time, leaving only the jib as the
headsail.
At 12:15 the Columbia, which had been
steadily gaining on the Shamrock, passed
to her port, taking In the working topsail
: as "she did bo so as to be ready for the
; windward work. Her spinnaker came in
i at 12:1S and the Shamrock's was doused
i thirty seconds later. It was to be close
work at the run. Both skippers held on
their spinnakers to the last moment and
; then had been no chance to round either
yacht's main sheet. The official time at
! the outer mark was:
Columbia. 12:19:00.
Shamrock, 12:19:17.
Columbia's elapsed time from the start
: to this point had been 1:17:27, the Sham
rock's 1:13:43, showing that In the fifteen
mllft run before the wind Columbia had
gained 1:18. The yachts were only sev
enteen seconds apart at the turn. This
was Indeed close work after a fifteen-mile
spinnaker run.
Leaving the mark to starboard the Co
lumbia luffed widely around it, while the
crew hauled aft the main sheet. The
Sl::imrock's captain was forced to makf a
Btill widfr turn. Then, luffing up sharply,
he tried ? ri cross tho Columbia's wake and
capture the weather berth. Skl;>por Barr,
however, had a weather eye out for such
an f»mpr£f>ncy. He gave the whlto sloop
a "North River" luff, placing her well out
i/ii the Shamrock's weather bow.
It took some few minutes to get sheets
trimmed and for both yachts to settle
down to business on the starboard tack.
Captain Hogarth gave the Shamrock a
good,* hard full, hoping to outfoot the
Columbia.
The wind was blowing at least twenty
five miles an hour and there was a jump
of a sea on, sufficient to make racing
craft do some rather heavy diving. They
heeled till the greater portion of their
weather bilges were exposed. ■
At 12:32 the Shamrock's topsail was
taken In. She was then throwing spray In
I ouds across her deck, making, if any
thing, worse weather of It than the
Columbia.
Captain Hogarth put her about at 32:40.
and one minute and thirty seconds later
tin Columbia wont about. This was about
twenty .minutes after they had rounded
the outer mark. The Columbia was then
between a Quarter and a half-mile to
windward and the same distance ahead of
tno. hnamrpek. She was Increasing her lead
; every minute Both tacked to starboard
|at 12:5,. Holding this tack for twenty
| one minute, they came about to port, the
■ Columbia having been steadily outpolot
ing the other. At 1:19:05 she went about
Ito starboard for a short bout of X m n .
i vites. .Th« Shamrock, however, made the
1 During ihe^i^H
minutes the
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
aln would have to arbitrate, and the Brit- '
ish lion went to sleep. . There has been no j
arbitration with the Transvaal because ]
the Transvaal has no neighbor like tho
United States."
Proceeding to discuss the vote of money
for the troops, Mr. Redmond again pro
tested against the vast sums being spent
in war, declaring that the money ought to
be expended in aid of distressed Ireland.
At this point the chairman interposed, de
claring that Mr. Redmond's remarks were
irrelevant.
Mr. Redmond persisted in his remarks,
and the chairman asked him to resume his
seat. This he refused to do and he was
then ordered to withdraw, which order he
also refused to obey. , r
An uproarious scene ensued, Mr. Red
mond attempting to continue and his voice
being drowned by the cheers of the Irish
members and cries of "Order!" and "With
draw!" from the opposition benches.
The chairman, at length, being able to |
make himself heard, asked Mr. Redmond
if he declined to withdraw. The latter re- |
plied that he did not wish to be discourte
ous, but he maintained his right to protest
that the money ought to be spent in Ire
land, adding, "I will not withdraw. It is
mere robbery or plunder."
The chairman then called the sergeant
at arms to remove the offending member, i
and Mr. Redmond, amid a scene of confu- ,
sion, Bald he would not trouble the ser- i
geant at arms and walked out amid Na
tionalist cheers and the laughter of the
other members. . - ; 1- ■
Turning to the Ministerialist benches as
he left the chamber, Mr. Redmond shout-!
Ed, "1 wish you joy of the blood of the
Boers and your victory over the poor
Transvaal farmers."
Mr. Balfour closed the debate by mov
ing closure, and the vote for the troops j
was then adopted by 200 to 35.
After an angry passage between Sir
Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett, Conservative
member for the Ecclaall division of Shef
field, and Michael Davitt. Nationalist
member for South Mayo, at the conclusion
of which Davitt was called upon to with •
draw an expression characterizing a !
statement of Sir Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett
as a falsehood, Mr. Dillon suggested that
a vote be taken on the main question. He
would only ask. he said, an assurance of
the same treatment for the enemy's
wounded as for the wounded of the Brit- i
ish.
Mr. Balfour replied that the dictates of
humanity and civilization would Insure
that. Mr. Balfour then read the follow
ing gram from Major Yule, dated from
Glencoe Camp at 7 o'clock this evening:
"I regret to report that General Bymona :
is mortally wounded. Other casualties
will follow. The important success to
day is due to General Symons' courage
and generalship and to the gallant exam
ple and confidence he gave to the troops i
under his command "
The vote of £10,000.000 was then carried,
the result being announced as 271 for and
S2 against the credit. The House then
■A 11 11! 1!. d.
Shamrock made three tjirVcs and the Co
lumbia two and at 1:40, when tho Colum
tacked to port, the wind had fallen
• i for a short time. At 1:45 the Sham
rock Bent up a small club topsail. The
wind soon freshened, canting a couple of
points westerly. The Shamrock, having
Bpllt tacks with the Columbia, was head
starboard tack when
the shift came. Hogarth a< once put the
■ '-k about and tonk ad\ I c
this slant.
It was noticed when the Shamrock camp
rt tack, at I:4S, that her
lon had ben considerably bettered,
partly, perhaps, by reason of her carry-
Ing the club topsail maklnir her foot
raster, but chiefly because ot th.: slnft of
wind, which she apparently got a few
! minutes before the Columbia. At nny
when the Columbia tacked to star
she met the Shamro
ther tack beading to the northward
and it looked doubtful f<>r a few moments
if the American boat could cross th
or"s bow. Captain Barr did not give li -
: garth tlie chance to find out, but lacked
rt at 2:02:30, leaving the Shamrock
on hia weather quarter about a quarter
>■•: a mile away. Both were th. n heading
well Up for the lightship and the finish.
At 2:32 the Shamrock made a Short
hitch -inshore of about a minute. The
Columbia also mad.* a short hitch of two
minutes inshore, then another hitch of
two minutes to port, going about finally
r last tackto the starboard at 2:37:10.
She da hed tcross the ilnl?h line on this
tack three minutes latf-r. f.-ti-hing up by
i the lightship, which marked the Ire end of
; the Une, with i U ■ ty o! room to span .
Every man aboard waved his hat or
bou' 'wester as he stood up close along tho
, weather rail a moment after th^ whistle.
i blew.
The Rhnmrock crossed the finish line on
the prune lack, aft^r tnrklns close to the
} committee boat's Btern. Sir Thomas
Lipton's yacht (Inishrd five minutrp and
ids after the Columbia.
; She was defeated in this race, the final of
; the Beries, by six minutes eighteen Bee
! onds actual time, and six minutes thirty
j four seconds corrected time.
As the yachts were being towed in a
man was sent aloft aboard the Columbia
In a bosun's chair with three American
yacht ensigns. One was fastened to the
masthead and one to each end of the
backstay spreaders. A large Hag also
flew from the Columbia's topping lift, just
above the main boom. Commodore J. Pler
pont Morgan's steam yacht Corsair, the
flagship of the New York Yacht Club, had
an American ensign at each masthead.
at the end of each gaff, on the jackstaff
forward and on the stern staff.
For the first time in the remembrance
of yachtsmen who have seen all the In
ternational congests for the America's
cup, an American ensign was hoisted at
each masthead of the. yacht Erin, the
property of the S owner of the defeated
sloop. The Shamrock. in tow, passed the
Columbia to her mooring on her way Into
Sandy Hook Bay. The challenging yacht's
crew lined up on her port Bide and gave
three hearty British cheers, to which the
Columbia's men, standing along their
starboard rail, answered promptly and
with vigor— three cheers and a tiger. •
The official summary was:
Start— Columbia, 11:01:35; Shamrock.
11:00:34.
Outer Columbia, 12:19:00; Sham
rock. 12:19:17.
Finish— Columbia, 2:40:00; Shamrock,
2:45:17.
Elapsed Columbia, 3:38:25; Sham
rock. 3:44:43.
Corrected time— Columbia, 3:38:09; Sham
rock; 3:44:43.
The Shamrock allowed the Columbia
16.2 seconds.
FIGHTING THAT PRECEDED
BATTLE OF TALANA HILL
T.ADYSMITH. Oct. 19 (delayed in trans
mission).—The carbineers and border
mounted rifles, who have been In action
with the enemy nearly all day, returned
this evening, falling back fighting In the
face of some 2000 Boers. They were sev
eral times almost cut oft, but a Maxim
gun held the Boers In check. It Is re
ported that sixteen Boers were killed.
Several times the Boers came within 400
yards range, but their shooting was bad
and the Maxims rendered signal service
in stopping their rushes. They have a
larpro wat'on train and artillery.
ALIWAL NORTH, (ape Colony, Oct.
]9 (delayed In transmission).— The Boer
force from Smlthfleld has moved to Beth
ulle, where 2000 Boers are now concen
trated. Their plan of campaign appears
to be for the RouxvWe contingent, cross
ing the Orange River first, as they fear
the North bridge is mined, to circle
Allwal North and to seize the railway.
Simultaneously the Bethulie contingent.
It appears, la to cross the border, seize
the railway and proceed to Albert Junc
tion, there to meet the Rouxville force.
If this plan succeeds the Boers expect
the Dutch In Cape Colony to Join them.
The Rouxville force has artillery, in
cluding a Krupp run.
GUARDS BOTH
AMERICAN AND
BRITISH INTERESTS
CONSUL C. E. MACRUM.
Charles Everson Macrum, United States
Consul at Pretoria, who has been placed
In charge of British interests in thftTrans
vaal during the war, was born in Pitts
burg, Pa., thirty-three years ago. He
was appointed by President McKlnley
t'onsul at Pretoria In July, 1898. His wife
Is with him in South Africa. Ho was
president of the Phoenix Club, the lead-
Ing Republican organization in McKln
ley's old Congressional district, and was
at first appointed Consul to Tahiti, So
ciety Istands, but did not accept that
post.
BRITISH TROOPS
DRIVE THE BOERS
FROM TALANA HILL
Continued From First Page.
the action, and the command then de
volved on (Soiieral Yule.
The enemy, a? they fled, were followed
by tho cavalry, mounted infantry and ar
tillery. The direction taken was to the
eastward. At the latest reports the cav
alry had not returned.
Some Fay that four and pome say that
live guns were captured. The Boor artil
lery tiring was w-uk. A lot of plu
shells wore used.
Although the enemy's position was car
ried soon after 1 o'clock, a scattering fire
went on almost, all the afternoon.
The British losses are very severe, but
Of the Boers nrc much heavier.
The final rush was made with a tri
umphant yell and as the British troops
charged to close quarters the enemy
turned and fled, leaving all their impedi
mentn and guns behind them in their pre
clpltated flight.
While this waa going on one battery of
artillery, the Eighteenth Hussars and the
mounted infantry, with a part of the
Leicester regiment, sot on tho enemy's
flank, and as Mip R^rs streamed wildly
d.i wn the hills, making for the main
road, they f,»und their retreat had been
cut off, but they rallied for a while and
there was H^vero firing with considerable
loss to •;\<'h side. Many of the enemy
surrendered. A rough estimate places
the British l«>.-s at 250 killed or wounded,
and that of the Boers at ■
A newspaper correspondent states that
through his glasses during tho fighting
to-day lie noticed how much the Boers
Beemed to be nonplussed by the tactics
■if the Imperial troops, especially of tho
well drilled, swift moving horsemen. The
enemy are still as of old, a mob. They
are without horses and forage, and many
of them rely fur food upon what they
can obtain by looting. Their animals are
mostly In r wretched condition.
It 1m understood that before to-day' 3
battle Beveral Boers had left their com
mandos and gone home t<> their farms.
and many others are now likely to follow.
AS REPORTED TO
BRITISH WAR OFFICE
LONDON, Oct. 20.-The War Office has
received • the following official dispatch
fn.m Ladysmith, filed at 3:30 o'clock this
afternoon:
"This from Glencoe: We were attacked
this morning at daylight by a
furco roughly estimated at 4000.
They had placed four or five guns
In position on a hill 5400 yard? east of our
camp, and they fired plugged shells. Their
artillery did no damage. Our Infantry
formed for attack and we got our puns
into position. After the position of the
enemy had been shelled our Infantry ad
vanced to the attack, and after a hard
fight, lasting until 1:30 p. m., the almost
Inaccessible position was taken, the en
emy retiring eastward. All the Boer guns
have been captured. We can see our sol
diers at tho top of the hill. Our cavalry
and artillery are still out. General Sy
mons Is severely wounded. Our losses are j
heavy. They will be telegraphed as soon i
as possible."
WILL CHANGE BOER
PLAN OF CAMPAIGN
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The dispatches re
To any person who can prove that the current from my
DR. SAN DEN ELECTRIC BELT is not instantly felt by the
wearer. If you are suffering from the effects of youthful
error or later excesses my Belt will cure you. Over 6000
men : cured by its use during 1898.
Write to-day for my little book, "THREE CLASSES
OF MEN." It is sent, sealed, to any address upon appli-
cation. My business methods are open for inspection,
and I invite any one to call at my office to examine my
Belts and consult me free of charge. Office Hours--9 to
6; Sundays, 10 to 1. •
OR T Z3 18 Third Street, San Francisco.
*^ r\. * • V* " ** "* ■ *■•* * * 118^ South Spring Street, LO3 Angeles.
ceived from South Africa leave no doubt
that the Boers failed in their endeavor to
execute a combined attack in Natal and
that the British have achieved a brilliant
victory, but at the cost of a 'heavy list of
killed and wounded.
The Boer plan, it is evident, was to hold
the force at Ladysmlth by demonstrations
; of the Free State burghers on the western
side, so as to prevent reinforcements be
; ing sent to Glencoe. The latter place was
I to be Isolated by cutting the railway be
j tween it and Ladysmith. Finally a large
force was to make a conversing attack on
, Glencoe. The first two items of the pro
i gramme were successfully carried out,
but the combined operation against Glen-
I coe failed, owing probably to the fact that
| the Boer military organization is too
I rough and amateurish to bring large
, forces Into simultaneous action. It is be
; lieved that only 4000 Boers were in the
! actual action. A report says that 9000
more were advancing from Hattingspruit
; and a battalion of the Leicestershire Reg- i
j iment was sent to hold them in cneck. but,
| as already cabled, this force is now in re
: treat.
The inference is that only the column
from the direction of Freiheid came into
: action and that the force from
failed to arrive in time and definitely re
j tired after the position taken up by the
! fianking column had been carried by the i
j British troops.
i Not an impossible explanation is the dif- :
; ference of opinion between the younger
and the older Boers, Where the former
\ were determined at all cost to push on
, and attack without delay, the older B »ers,
Who wished to wait until all the columns
! %vere ready, had fallen back to Newcastle
i and left the others to light alone. As a
result of this hastiness the Boers wen- de
ed ami lost a number of guns. It is I
c.nsidcred probable that the older Boers j
will in the future decide the mode of con
ducting the campaign and mutual recrim
inations, if nothing else, will hamper and
delay their future actions.
It is almost Impossible to overestimate
the importance of this initial victory, the '
i result of an engagement in which, in a I
| fairly fought field, discipline and tactical
skill have to!d heavily. Besides restoring
British prestige it has proved that the
I Boer artillery, whether directed by Ger
| mans or not, is practically valueless.
BATTLE DESCRIBED BY
A NEWS CORRESPONDENT
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Daily News
publishes the following dispatch from Its
special correspondent:
GLENCOE, Natal, Friday afternoon.—
The first battle has been fought, and the
Boers have sustained a blow which will
give them a serious pause in their ad
vance southward. In the British camp last
night it was the general expectation that
to-day would not pass without some hard
fighting:.
The enemy had been reported advancing
In force, and this rumor had been cen
flrmed by a squadron of hussars which
had been sent out ti ter, When
dawn broke this morning it W
• •nil that the Boers during the night had
occuplo.i a strong position on Dundee Hill,
about three miles easi and overlooking
the camp and the town. They had p]
several guns in position.
Almost precisely at 6 o'clock came the
boom of their first gun, and within ;i few
minutes they had developed a heavy fire.
Their practice was, however, poor, and
their sh"ts did 1:0 damage. In the n
time our own guns had taken up the chal-
It soon became apparent that
whatever might he the issue <>f the light
our artillery would not be in I
fire was magnificent. Within fifteen min
utes after our first shot 0 guns
were silenced. By this time the enemy
could be seen swarming over the hill out
side of Dundee and making toward the
south. The Intention evidently was to
turn our position.
An advance was at once ordered of in
fantry and cavalry. Both moved out, and
soon the battle was raging in the valley
outside of the town. A hot rifle lire w.is
k*>pt up by our men, no advantage offered
by the nature of the ground being
neglected. The advancing force was ef- J
fectuaJly covered hy our guns, which con
tinued to pJay upon the enemy's position.
The fire of the Boers at this point was
decidedly weak. It seemed as if their in
■ tie tive artillery work might have taken
the heart out of them.
Our men continued to advance steadily
in the face of their fire. Hid reached the i
foot of the hill in fine form. The I
seeing themselves worsted, fell back and
retired toward the east. Our losses have j
been heavy, but no details are yet pro- !
curable. The ftnal dash up the hill was a j
brilliant affair. The Dublin Fustleera did '
fine work. Nothing at this time can be
sa4d of the enemy's losses, but they must
have been very serious.
AN EXPLOSION KILLS
ONE HUNDRFD BOERS
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 20. evening.—Dis
patches dated Maf eking, Saturday night,
arid carried by dispatch riders via Kuru
man and Danclskull to Hooktown, state
that Colonel Baden Powell inflicted a
tremendous blow on tho Boers nine miles
ninth of Maf eking.
Two trucks laden with dynamite, which
it was judged unsafe to keep in MaXeklng
on account of th»» risks of explosion
Bhould the town be shelled, were sent by
nel Baden Powell nine miles out, in
thi hope that the Boers would shell and
• splodi them. And so it happened. When
the engine had uncoupled from the trucks
and retreated about a mile the enemy
shelled the trucks, with the result that a
terrible explosion occurred, killing, it is
estimated, 100 Boers.
FRANCE AND RUSSIA
ARE NOW INTERESTED
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The absence of de
tails regarding the British losses in the
engagement at Glencoe Camp causes the
deepest anxiety, and the War Office is
again besieged by relatives and friends of
those making up the forces that took
part In the fight. Among the callers was
the Duke of Abercorn, who made anxious
inquiries.
It was reported that Great Britain's
immense military preparations against
SCENE OF THE
BATTLEFIELD AT
TALANA HILL
THE NATAL BATTLEFIELD.
This map of thp country about Lady
smith and Glencoe phows Talan^i Hill,
Elands I^aagte, Rfnters and other points
of interest in the South African cam
paign.
two insignificant republics are viewed
with considerable curiosity in some of the
European capitals, notably Paris and St.
Petersburg. Notes have been exchanged
on the subject, and it is oven hinted in un
official quarters that inquiries will be ad
dressed to the British Government as to
the contemplated absorption of the two
republics by the British Empire.
The Press Association to-night an
nounces with an air of authority that the
Government's plan is to terminate the
war in the speediest possible manner after
tli« forts ;it Pretoria and Johannesburg
have been razed, and then to promulgate
by order of the Queen in council a new
constitution for a group of five federal
states— Cape Colony, the Transvaal. Na
tal, the Orange Free State and Rhodesia—
under the title of the Dominion of South
Africa, the Crown to nominate a governor
general and the five states having power
< a. h to elect its own lieutenant governor
and to have local legislators, with a Do
minion Parliament, to meet at Cape
Town. '
"With some modifications the scheme is
I upon lines similar to those of the
' Canadian Government.
BRITISH TROOPS SAIL
FOR SOUTH AFRICA
SOUTHAMPTON, Oct. 20.— The trans
port Yorkshire carrying the first troops
of the special army corps for South Af
rica cast off this afternoon at 2:2), the
other transports following at regular in
tervals. The public were . from
the dorks during the embarkation, but
Immense throngs gathered outside, cheer
ing and singing and bidding farewell to
their friends as the trains passed in.
Between this and Monda n will
leave for South Africa. As the Yorkshire
parted the public cheered vociferously
and the troopa responded with vigor. The
commander in chief, General Wolseley,
with his staff, was present at the embark
ation.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The British Chan
nel squadron has been ordered to proceed
to Gibraltar next Thursday.
MOBILIZATION OF
THE ENGLISH TROOPS
T>O>mOTC. Oct. 20.— The mobilization is
practically completed and it is said that
more than 90 per cent of the reserves have
Joined the colors. This is considered emi
nently satisfactory. The speed at which i
the army corps has been got together has !
excited tho admiration of the German
[Barters Btaff and they have pent a
i semi-official message of congratulation
- through the British military attache in
Berlin to the service.
The London press regards this as a well
deserved compliment, the papers point
ing nut that not only have the reservists
responded splendidly but the large ma
jority of those who have reported are
■n'ly fit for service. In several ras.\s
itgoing regiments contain a prepon
derance of reservists, most of them In
the prime of manhood and mpn who hnvr>
fought in India and in Egypt. It is the
aim of the War Office to send no man to
South Africa unless he has had at least
a year's service. The only serious criti
cism apparently to be made regarding
these thousands destined for the front Is
that the reserves are for the most part
ignorant of the mechanism of the maga
zine rifle. Efforts have been made to
overcome this nrd to give the men prac
tice with the Lee-Met ford, but the time
has been too short to do much. What ef
fect this lack of familiarity with their
own weapons will have upon the accur
acy of the fire of the British can only be
Judged when the dead and wounded are
j gathered from the fields of battle.
Explosives Confiscated.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Dnily Telegraph
publishes the following dispatch from its
correspondent at Cape Town dated
Wednesday: A large quantity of dyna
mite dust has been seized by the customs
authorities on board a steamer
bound to Delasoa Bay. The ves
sel put into Tnble Bay and the infor
mation leaked out. The explosives were
intended for the Transvaal Government
and were accordingly confiscated.
Foil, the Basso, Dead.
LONDON. Oct. 20.— The death is an
nounced of Sisnor Foil, the well-known
basso.
ADVERTISEMENT^
MOM I B *^* ■•■
Opening of
New
Fall and Winter
Underwear,
Shirts, Gloyes,
Hosiery,
Neckwear, Etc.
Reliable Goods.
Popular Prices.
748=750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Jt '^^''
copvAisbt ,os». Jr
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
i About his laundry work will take It to
I "any old place," but those who are
: well bred and want their linen to be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
: out the United States Laundry in time,
j Just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
> perfection of the laundryman's art.
; Try us!
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry, Offloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420,
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
ACETYLENE GAS.
Be Independent of' Gas and Electric Light
corporations and own your own lighting plant.
The NATIONAL generator does not have to be
cared for oftoner than once in IE days. It is
positively safe and is recommended by all In-
surance Boards. We light resiliences, churches,
stores, factories and towns at 40 per cent les3
than other systems with double the illumina-
tion. To responsible parties will ship machines
on ' thirty days* trial. /
Send for free booklet on Acetylene Gas. Wo
want good agents.
NATIONAL ACETYLENE GAS CO.,
Buffalo, N. T.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, i
DR. METERS & CO. have trie largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. i
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at otflca
or by mall. All letters confidential. 1
731 Market St., San Francisco. j
ivisjT OR- JORDAN'S great!
J MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
1 C[^ 1051 MASSE? sr.fcet.6:fc&7th,S.F.Cil A
\ *lT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a -^7n«^ World. •\\ eaknerses or any contracted A
i. BSCsEn disease p»nlti»»l!r«»red by the oldest T
% i« 3' Specialist co the Coast EsL 36 years. 0
A &%gvt DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A ffE^Srt " '''' ltlr ' ll frre and strictly private \
S 1 jSffl'H'Tnitmcnt petsonally or by letter. A A
f I 1/11? Pet- live Cure in every case undertaken. T
Af'l \\r w rite for Boole, PaiLOSUPBYcI A
f' II 111 MARRIAGE, HAILED FREB. (AT
A it 11' valuable boole for nirn) " \
f DR. JOKDA3T A CO.. 1061 .MarketSt.,S. F. f
<»»»«»»>-»■-»■»»»•««»««««»»»•-
-' The undoubted luxury and comfort, \ \
( unequaled cuisine, location i and mud-
crate charges have made the '
PALACE and ;
GRAND ♦
ii
the most popular and fashionable ho- "
tels in San Francisco. Operated Jointly "
i t'nder one management. Correspond- ■'
i ence solicited. ,
I JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ♦
1 Manager. ♦
WAKE PERFECT MEN
SOJKOT DESPAIIt! UonotSuf
/©SiSi fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
&iNFT&ftk life can bo restored to you. The very
SpoXOTDKSPAIK! DonotBtrf
m •a' 1S b r > 3* allU amb . itions of
worst cam of \>rvoiiN iiebiii I v a'ro
absoluteU- by PKKP E (TO
iVk\ -»JSft TAKI.E! S. Give rom Pt relief to in-
* ; Rv^®Zl' a ( failing memory and the waste
nnd drain or vital powers, incurred by
" UAl&ilßP' Indiscretions or excesses of early years.
■«- impart vigor ant! potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give bloom to the
ihceks and lustre to the eyes of A voutik or old.
)ne6oc box renews vital energy. t*Hi<s boxes at
2. BO a complete guaranteed cure \s&& money re-
'unded. Can be carried in vest pocket Sold
>very-where.or mailed in plain wrapper on rpwlnt of
)rlco by TUX PIKFKtTO CO., M. Bads" l«.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. b. b\ ana Oakland.
ISI«,<J? lclle<rt€ *' <l E "«^h DUmcsd Brand. --
ennyroTal PILLS
-«^v OrlcinaJ and Only Genuine A
£ii «Sa n! El - »-7*T» reliable la 3 ic» ««k £<\
&y&VlP^»°n<i Brand in lied aod ajj meul!ioVS«f J
J^ S^Kr* 3oie*t aoaUrf -with b!ao ribboa. T»ke\j*
m W^no other. «-/*,, danger,**- «*,"" \f
I A fW-i^ruandKnttati r.t. At LVa^istj, or«eid4«.
l~ |fi '." ."^™P°. m J>»rt!eolars, testimonials »nd
PITT Dnifßl Cc "i« Fourth and
ALL Ljl IV A I Market. 3. F. Try
I.Urr rill? IA I cur Special Brew
Vallsee checked Ires.AMERICAN
GARRISON IN
SAN ISIDRO
Capture of the Town Affected!
by Young With Slight
Loss.
FILIPINOS ASK PEACE
— «
Send a Commission to Manila to
Urge That General Otis Enter
Into Negotiations.
le to Th»> Call and tho Npw York
pyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
•; t.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.-The
War Department has received the
■ Gei eral < »tis at Ma
■ il Lawton'a advance un
s in San Isidro, where a
■ • itablished. i lon
resistance was encoun
■ ty. The casua
killed, three wounda
: ;• : •.-try. The
; ■ ibly. < >ne
lard and fifteen insurgent bol
captured. Young reports
ta In that section of
■ ry mostly friendly."
SAX rSIDRO, via Manila, Oct. 20.— j
General Young- took San [Sidro after j
several small running ; rights out j
near Cabiao. The troops ■.. •re out in j
a pouring: rain all day. The Twenty- i
second Infantry and the Fourth Cavalry
with Batson's Maeabebes formed Law
ton's escort, and. with Taylor's battery, j
moved from Arayat to Cabaio over fearful j
roads. Armored launches and commissary i
supplies are getting up the river with !
great difficulty.
Batson, with his Macabebes, located the '
enemy last night. Katson had a light for
an hour on the left bank of the river and
captured fifty-nine prisoners, including j
two officers: Our loss was one killed and j
three wounded of the Twenty-si
General Pio del Pilar commanded in per- ;
eon 611) insurgents. The natives reported
t!:<:r loss in officers was great.
The engineer corps is building bridges,
permitting a rapid advance. This message
is sent by a Macabebe scout to Arayat. i
There is no telegraph m advance of that j
point. More Macabebes are to be re- 1
cruitcd Immediately.
MANILA: Oct. -■-'.— Three insurgent offl- !
cers entered Angeles this morning and ap- I
plied to General Mac Arthur for permission ■
for a Filipino commission, headed by a j
Filipino major general, to visit General j
Otis ir. order to discuss peace terms, and i
to arrange for the delivery of more Amer
ican prisoners, as well as to consider
methods for th release of the Spanish
prisoners. The request was referred to
General Otis. The insurgent officers are |
expected to return to-morrow to receive ;
his answer.
Captain Mcßea; with a battalion of the i
Third Infantry, and Captain Chenowith. j
with a battalion of the Seventh Infantry, !
marched to the town of Jose Malinas to j
disperse a band of 200 insurgents, under I
Juan Dyerol, who had recently been an- j
noying "our outposts and travelers along
the road from Santa Ana to Arayat. The i
Insurgents fled in the direction of Maga- j
•lang. The country between Angelea and .
Arayat is now reported clear.
Tni» Democfacla reports that the juntas
in thi» orient and in Europe intend to send
a del* gallon to Washington to present the !
Filipino cause. Regidor will probably be. I
the president of the delegation and Agon- ;
cillo and Apaciblu will be among Its mem
■
CAPTURED TOWNS
WILL BE GARRISONED
WASHINGTON, ■ - With Ger
m . .San [sidro and
. ed imme
neral Mac Arthur from
railroad toward Tar
■. that the
the Philippines has
: will be pushed
.-. on.
■ ; movement
■ to-day ■
c his advance north-
Ctive point.
with a force of about
line of ral
■ Tarlac, calling for rein
;
his movement
would dr;, ■■
.'i and thus
.- and
. for trans
- ■ an ad
iint In th intry.
taken with him
fajid it
i
ted The
. . i tmunicai ion
or '■■ reach T irlac about the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
women wonder Why
The] are doomed to so much suffering.
But are they doomed? Is not the suf-
fering the result of conditions which un-
der skillful treatment might be entirely
cured? Thousands of women who had
been sufferers, have learned that
suffering was unnecessary after using
Dr. Pier ■ Favorite Prescription. It
heals diseases of the delicate womanly
organs a:<d banishes the headache, back-
ache and other aches which are the con-
sequence of these diseases.
'' Favorite Prescription " is absolutely a
temperance medicine in the strictest
meaning of the term. It contains no
alcohol and is free from opium, cocaine
and all other narcotics.
"/ wrote you for advice February 4th, 1896,"
writes Mrs. I.oaia Halstead, of Claremore, Cher-
okee "at.. likl. Tv. "I was racking with pain
from the back 01 ' my head down to my heels.
Had hemorrhage for weeks at a time, and was
unable to sit up for ten minutes at a time. You
answered my letter, advised me to use your
valuable medicines, viz.. Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription, ' Golden Medical Discovery,' and
' pleasant Pellets,' also gave advice about in-
jections, baths and diet. To my surprise, in
four months front the tQne I began your treat-
ment I was a well woman and have not had the
backache since, and now I put iv sixteen hours
a day at hard work."
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
I'ierce by letter free. All correspond-
ence private. Address Dr. K. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
NEGRO BURNED AT
STAKE TO AVENGE
AN AWFUL CRIME
He and His Companions Had Tied a Woman and
Four Children, Saturated Them With
Oil, and Cremated Them.
CANTON. Miss., Oct. 20.— The little
town of St. Anne, twenty miles
west of Canton, In Leake County,
was last night the scene of a horri
ble tragedy v pequel to the .burn
ing of the Gambrel family the night be-
I fore.
Joe Leftore. a negro, who was captured
by a posse, confessed that he, in company
with oilier negroes, had tied Mrs. Gam
brel and hor four children to the floor of
the h'->use, saturated the surroundings
with kerosene and burned the unfortunate
j quintet alive. The negro after the con-
I fesslon of the awful crime was promptly
! roped to a stake and burned to a crisp
while the citizens looked on In grim •
nee.
Another negro. Bob Smith, was saved ;
Just in the nick of time, as some doubt '
existed a.« to his guilt.
The Gambrel tragedy occurred early |
«ame time. It is estimated, according to
■ advices received here, that there art?
Filipino troops, well equipped with
artillery, concentrated at Tarlac. This
, piped to be AgulnaJdo's present
I quarters.
At Hamliam there are said to be about
5000 insurgents. This Is In line with Mac-
Arthur's advance, and. unless the opera
tions of tJeneral Lawton at San ls>lr.>
have drawn the forces frum that direc
tion, General Mac Arthur also may meet
with considerable resistance. It was Bald
at the War Department to-day that the
forces of these, two divisions would be
augmented as rapidly as the new troop*
arrjve and that every town taken of any
value would be garrisoned and held. Al
though General Lawton has started out
with only thirty days' supplies, there Is
no expectation that he will have to re
trace any of the ground he recovers on
his northward movement. By the time
he reaches Tarlac, it Is expected, General
Mac Arthur will be in complete control >f
the railroad, sn reinforcements and
piles can be furnished both armies as rap-
Idly as needed.
St. Louis Troops Coming.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 20.^-Two battalions of
the Thirty-eighth United States Volun
teer Infantry, which was raised and
drilled in this city, left Jefferson Bar
- to-day for Manila by way of San
Francisco. The third battalion will start
to-morrow.
WORK OF MEN
FOR TEMPERANCE
Silver Jubilee Opens at
Seattle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKATTL.E. Oct. 20.— White ribboners to
the number of nearly 500 nr.> in Seattle to
daj participating in the twenty-flfth an
nual convention of the Women's Chris-"
tian Temperance Union and celebrating
In sons. In prayer and joyful thanksgiv
ing the silver jubilee of the organization.
On the breasts of the members, who come
from every State and almost every Ter
ritory of the Union, flutter white badges,
lettered In silver, emblematical of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of the founda
tion "f the society.
To-day the convention was formally
opened by the national president, Mrs. L.
M. N. Stevens. Then came reports ■
and miscellaneous exercises, in
g Governor Rogers, in behalf
ol the State of .Washington; Mayor T. J.
I fumes, speaking for the city of Seattle,
which has the distinction of entertaining
the delegates. Judge Roger S. 'Jreene of
th.- Chamber of Commerce; Rev. Hugh
Gilchrist, for the churches of the city;
Miss Mary L.. Page, State president, and
Mrs Mnry a. Reese, local president, wel
comed the delegates to th»- city and State.
The ln j st evidence of whai has been
accomplished in the twenty-five years of
it< existence by the organization whose
f.... is the "Demon Drink" was contained
in the reports of the irenernl officers
which were read this morning: and after
noon and the personal testimony of the
national organizers. Constant reference
was made during the proceedings to the
meeting of women in Cleveland In
1574, which had for its object the inaugu
ration of war against the liquor traffic
and which started a movement which
became national in extent and scope
Probably the best summary <>f the work
done by the Women's Christian Temper
llnlon was furnished In the report
- president, Mrs. L. ML X. Stevens.
She said that the per capita consumption
of alcoholic beverages had decreased
-t' In the past '-iimrter of a century;
that prohibitive legislation had been car
ried In a number of States and was stead
ily advancing; that the average of the
■ if consent had been increased from
fourteen years. She denounced the
• -i of Secretary Alger and Attorney
General Griggs in regard to the canteen
law anJ urged the organization to take
measures calculated to result in the ex
pulsion of Brigham A. Roberts, member
f.f Congress from Utah, from that body.
TROOPS TO REMAIN AT
THE COEUR D'ALENES
Idaho Militiamen Will Relieve Them
of Part of the Guard
Duty.
SPOKANE. Oct. 20.— The Federal troops
will remain on duty In th« Coeur
d'Alenes, but Idaho militiamen will rt.
lieve them of part of the gruard duty
Bartlett Sinclair, State Auditor of Idaho,
paid to-nifjht that ho was in receipt of
Information from Washington that thoro
would be no change In the military con
trol of the Wardner prisoner?.
"As I have maintained all along, the
Federal troop? will be kept In the Coeur
d'Alenes until the State can spare them.
I knew when the department at Wash
ington understood the situation there
would be no withdrawal of the soldiers.
I have never doubted that for one single
moment, and a.s I said before, I have
authentic information from "Washington
confirming my opinion."
Mr. Sinclair presumably received hi* in
formation from Governor Steunenberg-.
who has been In conference with the Sec
retary of War at the national capital for
several days.
SCHNEIDER'S WOUND
RESULTS IN DEATH
Sword Cut Received in the Duel With
Cuignet Causes the Passing
of the Austrian.
VIENNA. Oct. 20.— Tolonel Schneider,
the former Austrian military attache at
Paris, whose name has been prominently
connected with the alleged treason of
former Captain Alfred Dreyfus of the
French army. and who fought a
duel and was wounded about October
n with Captain Cuignet of the French
army as a result of statements made by
the captain at the Rennes court-martial,
is dead.
Attorney for Suisser.
SALINAS, Oct. 20.— C. F. Lacey, the
best criminal attorney In Monterey Coun
ty, will defend George Bulsscr, the mur
derer of Sheriff Farley. The mother of
Suisser to-day mortgaged all her prop
erty to raise money to procure an attor
ney, aulsser will be tried on October 3L
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBEE 21, 18i>9.
Thursday morning, and it was first
thought the fire was the result of acci
dent. A casual Investigation revealed
circumstances so suspicious that a more
searching Investigation was made., and It
was soon established beyond doubt that
the family had been murdered and the
house fired with the torch of an incen
diary.
Posses were Immediately formed to
scour the country and followed every pos
sible clew. Before the posse left St. Anne
it was discovered that Joe I,eftore. a
negro, who lived In the neighborhood and
who had heretofore borne a good reputa
tion, had disappeared. Early last even
ing Leftore was captured several miles
from the scene of the murder. At first the
negro vigorously denied any knowledge
of the crime, but finally broke down com
pletoly and confessed that he and Bob
Smith and Andrew Smith, two other
SAMOAN CHIEF
KILLED BY FOES
Trouble Brewing in the
Island Group.
PpeclaJ Correspondence of The Call.
APIA, Samoa, Oct. 6.— The aspect of af
fairs in Samoa is, indeed, far from reas
suring- There is trouble brewing-, and it
will come soon if the three powers do not
come quickly to the aid of the Govern
ment and the distracted officials. The
three Consuls who were left here as a
| provisional government by the Commis
sioners are finding their position by no
means a bed of roses. It is a matt--r ol
;■ p< rt thai tli" feeling between the mem
bers of the provisional government is
strained; that is. if President Sof is con
sid< red as a part of the Government.
Since last mail trouble arose at AJei
j in Atua. The Saleaula natives went there
and had a feast in their honor. At the dis
tribution of food some little disagreement
arose. Tuisila, the chi»-i of Mutiatele, was
not present, but was In his own vtllftKe,
adjoining that where the feast waa held.
When he was informed of the dispute he
£"t up. w. ilked over to the feast and de
liberately struck a man in the face. 1 h>'
man turned to mm, as Tuisila is a hish
chief and was guilty six years ago of
shooting his own brother while he was
-•••1 iii putting a child to Blet !>. E
that uni'- he has gone about surrounded
by an armed bodyguard, as his brother's
family has sworn vengeance. When fie
man turned his back Tuisila drew a re
volver and shot him dead, and- then did
the same to another.
A chief of the same rank yelled that
Tuisila should be slain. He was th-n
rushed upon and severely wounded on th'
and the body by axes and knives.
He was brought to Apia and taken aboard
a German man-i f-war. Nothing coul<
done for him. He returned to his village
and there died.
Before his death the murdered men's
relatives tried to tn>t the district of Fale
alilu (Malletoa) to aid (hem In a revenge
fight. Fortunately Tuisila died, or there
would now be fiphting over the affair. All
the people In this affray were Mutaafa
adherents.
REPORTED OFFER TO
DIVIDE SAMOAN GROUP
American Government Said to Have
Approached Great Britain and
Germany.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lSi<9. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— The Berliner Neueste
Nachrichten learns from Washington thai
the American Government, tired of Con
tinental troubles regarding Samoa, and
determined to put an end to them, has
proposed a division of the islands. The
United States Government proposed that
she should take Tutuila and Manna, that
Germajiy should take Upolu and that
England should take Savaii and Rose
Island.
The proposal Is not final, and is only
put forward to Invite an exchange of
views. The United States is prepared to
go to the utmost limit in order to obtain
a final settlement.
NATIVES LOOK FOR THE
DEATH OF LILIUOKALANI
Appearance of a School of Red Fish
Excites the Superstitions of
Hawaiians.
HONOT.T'LT', Oct. 13.— According- to Ha-
WBiian tradition the death of Ex-Queen
Lllluokalani. now at Washington, is fore
shadowed. On the 7th. at Hanamaulu,
Kauai, the red fish that natives always
associate with a death in the royal fam
ily were so plentiful last Saturday night
that they were- caught as fast as hooks
could be halted. The old superstition was
not forgotten on Kauai. A\ hile the prac
tically disposed natives fished others re
membered the traditional idea, said to
have been confirmed many times, and
they declared that death had again laid
hold of the royal family of Hawaii. Two
native women sat on the deck of the
steamer Ke Au Nou and walled, mourn
ing in advance for whatever the misfor
tune might prove to be. When the steam
er reached port there were anxious in
quiries at once as to what had happened.
There was no news of the kind expected
and now the persistent believers In the
rstition pay tidings will come from
the State?.
TROUBLE OVER HARVEY'S
UNPAID LICENSE FEE
Residents of Sausalito Are Grumb
ling, and the Board of Trustees
Divided on the Question.
SAUSALJTO. Oct. 20.— The peace bo
confidently expected when the pool rooms
ceased operations here for the winter has
proved a dream. Joe Harvey removed
his gambling paraphernalia to San Fran
cisco, leaving $000 license fee unpaid, and
the resultant row originating among the
Board of Town Trustees has been aug
mented by a howl from the taxpayers,
"Hill tribe 1 ' and "water front" for "once
making common cause over what has al
ways been a hone of contention.
When Broyer and Glynn removed from
here for the winter that firm was given
an interest in Harvey's concern. Harvey
was granted a quarterly license two
weeks ago and conducted his business
five days over the last quarter. Marshal
Hannon was sent tg him to collect the
$300 license fee, but Harvey delayed pay
ment until he concluded to move. Trus
tee Crumpton was very angry at this pro
cedure and had Trustee Sylva see Harvey,
who said he would leave it to the board
whether he should pay or not. Sylva
A West Indian Hurricane
Recently traveled up and down the coast at
will, upset nil calculations and acted in an
entirely different manner from any other
storm. Sometimes dyspopsia acte In the same
way. It refuses to yield to treatment which
hn« cured similar cases. Then Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters should be taken. It will effect
a cur« syeedily and naturally. It has cured
stomach troubles for half a century. Try It.
negroes, had done the dastardly work.
He hoped for no mc-roy and told with a
brut?.! frankness all the details of the
crime. His captors were stupefied at the
revelation.
In the yard where the Gambrel resi
dence had stood L,eftore was tied to a
stake and burned alive. No one sent a
merciful bullet Into his body to kill him.
j Andrew Smith escaped from the mob
j while Leftor.? was being burned and has
not yet been captured.
Bob Smith was tied to another stake
and a fire was started, though he was
finally released, as there was a possibility
of his proving his Innocence.
Andrew Smith will be racaptured, and if
It Is proved that ho and his brother Bob
are guilty It Is thought that no power can
save them from a similar fat© to that
meted out to Leftore.
sympathized with Harvey because he
thought the pool room man had been at
grrat expanse in defending- himself In court
when arrested for conducting a banking
game and had not received proper sup
port from the townspeople.
Dr. Crumpton was irute at th! 3 report
and declared that as Broyer and Qlynn
had an Interest in the firm $600 should
he paid. Discord has since ruled and the
town is a unit on the proposition of col
lectlng the revenue. It is probable a spe
cial meeting of the board will be called
to grapple with the problem. As Sylva
controls two satellites in the board he will
probably have his way, whether the town
likes it or not.
DISMISSES CARTER'S
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
Judge Lacombe Renders a Decision
Disposing of the Captain's
Case.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Judge I.aeombe
in the United States Circuit Court handed
down a decision to-day dismissing the
writ of habeas corpus in the case of
former Captain Oberlln M. carter, who
Is under sentence of five years' imprison
ment for conspiracy to do fraud the Gov
ernment on contracts. Th> decision was
given in a lengthy opinion, which upholds
the findings of the court-martial.
WAGNER COMPANY
OUT OF BUSINESS
Absorbed by the Pull
man Corporation.
Social Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— The following state
ment was issued to-day at the conclusion
of the meetlns-- of the board of directors
of the Pullman Palace far Company:
"It is announced that negotiations have
been concluded between the boards of di
rectors of the Pullman and Wagner com
panies, subject to the ratification of the
respective stockholders, by which the
Pullman Company will purchase all the
assets and property of the Wagner Com
pany, including its contracts with railway
companies, paying therefor 200.000 shares
of Pullman stuck, the capital stock of the
Pullman Company to be increased ac
cordingly for that purpose."
It is understood that the hoard of direc
tors of the Pullman Company is to be In
creased, aiifl that William K. Vanderhilt,
J. Pierpont Morgan, Frederick W. Van
derbllt and Dr. Seward Webb will become
members of the Pullman board. St»-ps are
to be taken immediately to submit the
matter to the stockholders for action and
approval :m<l for that purpose a special
meeting of the stockholders of the Pull
man Company has been called for De
cember 5 next.
At an adjourned meeting of the direc
tors of the Pullman Company held to-day
a quarterly dividend of $2 per share was
declared, payable November 15 to stock
holders on record November 1.
PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD.
Report of Committee on San Anselmo
Seminary Discussed.
STOCKTON. Oct 20.— Moot of the time
of the morning: session of the Presby
terian Synod of California was consumed
in considering the report of the commit
tee of the San Anselmo Theological Sem
inary. The majority report recommended
that the professors be continued at full
salaries. Dr. Edward Graham of Berke
ley presented a minority report to the ef
fect that the expected Income— about
$10.000— be divided among the professors
pro rata.
■' ■ccbJkh c are now making all-wool over- fcl
M "*f~!M&r^!L coats for $10.00, also. We are giving ij
ll <;/^^7Bw them the same care and workmanship as f|
m \ ~^& has made our $10.00 suits so popular. !|
If Juj]fts|raL We give samples of the cloth used 1
i And you get the same protection on I
H ■•^^^^^^^^fi the overcoat as >' ou -loon the suit: |
I * ,';-.'-f^ ;/; one returned if you want it or 1
I !/.'^:'P\z I Suit or overcoat kept in repair I
|| ow is the time for an overcoat. I
I iSr S. N. WOOD & CO., I
I '■% W&£ 718 Mankct Street and
'•- \^*^>lin ' C OP ' Powcll and Eddy. \
MARCONI'S
SUCCESS IS
COMPLETE
Reports of Yacht Race a Re-
markable Demonstration
of His System.
PERFECT IN DETAIL
Number of Words Handled During
the Contests Approximates
Thirty-Three Thousand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Concerning Mar
coni's great success, the Herald says:
The work of the last three weeks may be
summed up in one word— "Complete."
During the days of the contests more
than 12<X) messages were sent from or re
ceivod on the boat Ponce and the Grande |
Duchesse. The total number of words ■
handled by Marconi or his assistants ap
proximates 33,0iM). It is not too much to !
i say that no mistakes were made. On j
I very rare occasions a slip of mechanism ;
I would make it necessary to repeat a few i
j words, but this did not happen, on an
| average, twice a day. The signals ex
| changed were perfect and were not af
fected by atmospheric conditions. When
attempts were made to adversely influence
these wonderful currents which carried
' Signor Marconi's messages the only result |
was to make the young inventor more
i confident of his own power. While the
' contests on several occasions carried the
sending station about thirty miles from
the receiving station at Naversink High
lands, at no time was the connection
broken. This, however, is not remark
able when it is considered that constant
communication is now being maintained
between two points on the Kuropean con
tinent separated by 110 miles.
The Herald had hoped to surprise the
world by a long-disrance record. Full
arrangements had been made to run out :
more than 100 miles from Bandy Hook to
meet the Olympia on her return and rtash
through the atmosphere the news of the ;
arrival of Admiral Dewey. But this was
prevented by his unexpected coming two
days ahead of time.
Marconi changed his plans as soon as
it was announced that the Olympia had
entered the harbor. The receiving station
at Naveslnk Highlands was immediately
installed, and after a towering mast had
been erected on the steamship Ponce,
Bending apparatus was placed on board
that vessel. The Ponce had the honor of
i leading one section of the naval parade
: in honor of Admiral Dewey, and while
the run was being made up North River
messages were flashed over the city and
across the harbor and bay, going and
coming between the Ponce and Nayesink.
The United States Government will now
take up the work commenced by the
Herald.
SOLDIER STABBED ON
TRANSPORT SHERMAN
Private Retter Seriously Injured in a
Quarrel Over a Game of
Dice.
HONOLULU. Oct. 13.— A 'cutting affray
on tho transport Sheridan almost resulted
in the death of Private Retter of t'nm
pany D. Thirty-third Infantry. Private
W. D. Snap t>f Company L is in the
: guardhouse on board the vessel as a re
sult of the encounter and Retter is in the
hands of the doctor. As is usually the
j case with BUCb affairs on the transports
: tho oftlccrs decline to Rive any informa
i tion as to the extent of the injured man's
! wounds and many sensational rumors are
1 afloat, both on the vessel and on s.iore.
■ Some of Retti-r's comrades on the vessel
declare that he Is dying, and it was re
ported by those who were on shore last
. night that he was dead.
The trouble occurred over a game of
' craps. The men were "shooting"' on the
j lower deck and engaged in an altercation
I over a throw of ih>- dire. According to
! the accounts of those on board Snap slld
j denly drew his knife and attacked the
i other man. inflicting several severe flesh
wounds and narrowly missing the jugu
lar vein. Private Snap was put in the
i guardhouse and Rettor's wounds were at-
I tended by the army surgeon.
Grave Not Disturbed.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 20.— Dr. C. E. Case,
superintendent of the Sausalito cemetery,
declares that the grave of Ebenezer Wor
mouth has not boon disturbed, despite
the anonymous communication received
by Coroner Eden. District Attorney Mr-
Isaac is not Inclined to pay any atten
tion to the missive unless L, H. Bone
6tell, the executor of Wormouth's estate,
bo desires it. Bonestell was expected here
to-day 1" consult with Coroner Eden re
garding the advisability of an investiga
tion, but was evidently prevented ftom
coming by unpropitious weather condi
tions.
Killed in a Quarrel.
TT'CSOX. Ariz.. Oct. 20.— A Mexican was
killed and another fatally wounded to
night at the San Xavier mine in a quar
rel. One was stabbed In the breast and the
other was hit in the head with an ax.
Particulars of the tragedy are not at pres
ent known.
PAINE'S
CELERY
COMPOUND
% ;- -.-«- » • -Cn^"
STRONG NERVES
STRONG BODY
A vigorous constitution and power of
endurance depends upon the nerves. The
nerves give force to all the organs of the body.
The system is kept clean of morbid material.
The blood circulates quickly, exhilarates;
feeds the muscles and tissues with wholesome
nourishment. Strong nerves keep strength
of body increasing, and the muscles firm.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
MAKES NERVE STRENGTH.
Robert Fuller of Alexandria, S. D., writes : " I was very ner-
vous, and weak, with pain in the small of my back and nervous
headache. I could sleep but very little. I took different medicines
which did me no good.
" Paine's Celery Compound changed my whole system from
weakness to health and vigor, after taking only four bottles. Ido
not believe there is a better medicine in existence."
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
; made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
] State of California, pursuant to ih<s provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ■■■$300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by Company $305,024 S9
Cash in banks 54,865 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2.38190
Premiums in due course of collection.. 4.655 85
Total assets ...$366. -.27 39
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense $843 00
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-insurance 50 per cent 7.210 01
Total liabilities $8.055 01
—
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $7,780 30
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
sources 6,203 54
Total Income $12,983 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (Including
losses of previous years) $79 90
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,917 61
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,708 35
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 616 81
All other payments and. expenditures.. 7,271 03
Total expenditures $13.593 70
F. G. VOSS. Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH. Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1599.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
\: •:-.'."• SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I ft iis i k£h en ssi a Haul
m £ aw *55r ' a ™BH
If va H! ®K| *$ Sag GnU H
STATEMENT
— -OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
„ — of THE '
Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
■ A. D. 1898, and for the year ending- on that
i day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock. paid up In '
Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS. " ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $228,482 33
Cash in Company's Office 345 31
Cash in Banks 69,500 Zi
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks • >:'•
and Loans 2,040 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 23,517 91
Total Assets ....1311 8*6 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31 93
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 2,825 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running:
one year or less. $23,219 26: reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 11,609 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,144 82; reinsur-
ance pro rata 2,740 OS
All other liabilities 7.408 35
Total Liabilities ...$ 24.114 97
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums # i 3,708 27
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 2.323 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100.000 00
Total Income ..5105.123 27
' EXPENDITURES.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $906 M
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 4,072 72
Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 39 65
All other payments and expenditures.. 12,777 22
Total Expenditures 117.795 :7
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,336 93
Ri.-ks and Premiums IFire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $3,589,585 $30,31111
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 248.050 . 1.99181
Net amount in force
December 31. ISOS 3.124.723 36.464 OS
F. G. VOSS. Vice Pres.
J. M. SMITH. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January. 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California,
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
«AN FRANCISCO. CAU.
34
SIGNIFICANCE OF
DOLE'S VACATION
Dreads Further Orders
From Washington.
»
RUMORS OF A REMOVAL
— a —
SEW ALL NAMED AS HIS POS
SIBLE SUCCESSOR.
4
Hawaiirms Are Impatiently Await
ing- News Regarding a Perma
nent Form of Govern
ment.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU^ Oct IS.— President Dole
baa Bllppe'd away to the other Islands on
a vacation and to pet out of the way of
.further executive orders from -Wasbing
■x-mi; for there is a strong presentiment
:' ; .clal circles that there are others
: t c.
re is an Irrepressible sentl
■ in the community, even among the
■ rvatlye and non-political element,
that :i administration is
I'lannlng a coup de grace for the Dole
administration and that they will shortly
imoved by another order under the
Newlands resolution.
n is that Mr. Bewail will
■ id of
11 iv order to ren
the con
sunamation of the plans of the military
tiaval branches of the Government
tarent friction
illy is displayed between
ie superior governments.
• -:: Affairs Hon. E.
A. V.>'t-Sniith, a young man well en
rtth r hi:= world's good:; and
tnd free spoken
in lr is had the following
v :<-, the newspaper men in con
executlve orders:
It sooms to me thai the United States Is just
now acting the part of a negligent pap». For
my part. I should like to Fee more executive
< rders. so that we may be able to se-s just
v hir? we ptnnd. This In a point thJ Impor
tance of which cannot be too strongly eir.pba
?lrfd.
1 do n<-t 1..-lICT-e that the passage by th» next
C'onprosF of a Ten-itt>r!nJ -bill for Hawaii La by
any means assured. We are Just as liable to t>&
Lung ut. liere t"or the next two or three years.
Th«-re 1- no telling- what politics will do.
Of ccurse thip ■■•in be a dangerous practlc?
for i>- JLTnlted States to Ftart. There is v sV'.«.t
i!'.fi v 1 --bet ween territory conquered. by force
of arms and territory ceded by treaty. If th«
tr«ity jln.-.« is left out. then we are virtually
I !.'ice»t before the whole world in the same posi
tion ar conquered territory. Would this be
rieht In nny way?
I believe thoroughly that the people here hare
always crawled too much to the Unite.! States.
There Is nothing that Americana like to s<?e
inure than straight out-and-out digging for
c:ie's self and a spirit of independence through
out.
Although Hawaii has been rather in the posi
tion of a euppHant I belifve an independent
iront would bave accomplished more
llott-Smith's father, Hon. J. Mott-
Bniith. served King Kalakaua as Minis
ter of tho IntiTlor in 1576. and Queen
I.llluokalani as Minister of Finance in
1«M. and was for a short time also Ha
waiian Minister to "Washington, and so
the young Minister almost comes to a
knowledge of "affairs" by inheritance.
Outside of the subjects of stock trans
actions, plantation promotions and im
provement, the main topic of gossip is
the political future and, more especially
of the possible candidates for the guber
natorial chair. It seems to be generally
conceded that President McKinley will
peek to conciliate rather than antagonize
public sentiment, especially as regards
the feelings of the royalist?, the Ha
wailans and the antl-anncxationista
(:mti-annexationists on accouiv of the
means adopted to procure ann< .Lion, but
by no means Inimical to the United
States). It Is openly stated that the ap
pointment of either Mr. Dole, or Mr.
Sows 11 would reopen old wounds and cre
ate most bitter partisan strife, for they
were the prime agents of the consumma
tion of the* wrong', still unforglyen by
many thousands.
These arc divided into three classes.
The first consists of the native- Ha
waiians or those attached to them by
family ties and position. They are the
ex-Queen, Prince David Kawnnanakoa,
Hon. A. S. Cleg-horn, father of the late
Princes Kaiulani, and Hon. Samuel Par
ker, who leaves for Washington on the
China on the 24th inst.
The next class consists of the planters'
Interests, represented by men of property
and Influence, and of many years' resi
donce in the country, or born therein.
Hon. William O. Irwin is placed at the
head of this list, with J. B. Atherton,
Senator H. P. Baldwin, Hon. P. 0. Jones
and Charles M. Cooks.
Tho third class represents the lawyers
nnd the names mentioned are Hon. Paul
Neumann, Hon. Cecil Brown and . ex-
Judge Hartwell, the special delegate to
"Washington.
The salary, $rjw, Is so small in compari
son with what has hitherto been paid the
Government officials that patriotism and
not pay would be ruling motive of ac
ceptance; but Hawaii is not even a Ter
ritory nt present, but merely a military
and naval station, with a government con
ducted contrary to all precedent and in
a glorious state of indecision and muddle
HORSES FALL IN A RA CE
Jockeys Escape Injury in a Mixup at
Latonia.
CTNCINATTJ, Oct. 20.— 1n the opening
Tace at liatonla. to-day Alluvian. ridden by
Lowe, fell as the field turned Into the
home stretch, and Young Bel. with South
ard, fell over him. Alluvinn died from a
broken neck, but Young Bel escaped in
jury. The Jockeys were not seriously in
jured. Weather fair, track heavy. Re
sults:
Six furlongs, pelling— Sound Money -won,
I<and Ho second, San Durango third. Time,
1:20 H.
Five furlongs— Laura O O won. Flora Dan
iels second. My Butterfly third. Time, l:03 ! i.
Mile, selling— Pat Cleburne won, Kubel sec
enfi. Friedland third. Time. 1:47H-
Mile, selling— Flop won, McCleary e»conil, Dr.
"Withrow third. Tim«\ 1:47^.
Mile and a half, selling— Goodrich won, Ko
«3alc second. Fatherland third. Time, 2M"i,.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Weather clear, track
good, at Harlem, Result*:
Seven ftirlcn.?s— Aloha II wen, Ben Chance
eeer>nd. T'-kla third. Time, 1:29%.
Six fur lores— won. Flirtation second.
Bernard M third. Time, 1:15H-
Mile and 100 yards — Amelia F^mso won, Baru
tpria ■ .'•.nd. Tony Honing third. Time, I:4TVi.
Six and a half furlong*— Georgia won, Harry
Xnjke second, >larry Thoburn third. Time.
1:214.
Five furlongs — Fidel Yonlin won, Florlnel II
tsecond, Satan third. Time, 1:02.
One mile— Ed Tipton won, Periwlr «eccm4,
fettle Kcg»>nt third. Tim», 1:42*4.
RIOTTING NEGRO SOLDIERS.
One Fatally Shot in a Gambling
House in Texas.
AT-STTN, Oct. 20.— Advices were re
i here to-day from Rio Grande City,
Texas, that a number of negro soldiers
belonging to the Ninth Cavalry, stationed
at Fort Rlnggold, on the Kio Grande bor
• ■ ' . gambling house there and
started a row with the proprietor, which
resulted In a general riot between the
rs and a number of clrlzens of the
A number of shots were ex
--r<3. One negTO soldier was fatally
shot and a number of others slightly
wounded.
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
CHOYNSKI
TOO CLEVER
FOR RYAN
Australian Put to Sleep by
the Caiifornian in the
Seventh Round.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Joe Ohoynskl of
California whipped Jimmy Ryan of Aus
tralia In the seventh round of their fight
to-night at the Broad-way Athletic Club.
Choynskl was Jar the cleverer and the
result was expected. Ryan was out
pointed from the first tap of the gong, and
when the knockout came Choynski was as
fresh as when he began. Ryan's previous
showing with Choynski, with whom he
stayed twenty rounds, made some people
bet even money that Ryan would stay the
limit this time, but the even money they
bet was badly Invested, as Ryan never
had a possible show when It came to hard
work.
In the opening round Choynski kept tir
ing with the left on the i.'a.co and Ryan
remained on the defensive, scoring only
one left-hand punch on the face. Choynski
kept Jabbing in the seconu and got his
right over three times, twice to the eye
and once to the mouth. Ryan tried to do
something at close quarters, but onoynskl
blocked every lead. , '
The third round was simply a repetition
of the second. Ryan opened the fourth
with a rush, sending a right swing to the
jaw. lie then tried a left to '.fie body,
but Joe straightened him with a hard lett
to the face. Ryan did some clever dodg
ing, but his attempts to land were iner
rectual.
In the fifth Ryan swung his right to the
ribs, but after that he did not land a clean
punch, while Joe kept up a continuous
jabbing of lefts on the face.
Ryan began with a straight left on the
face in the sixth and they exchanged left
swings on the head. Joe Jabbed a left to
the mouth and nose, drawing a little
blood. Ryan fought gamely, but his face
was badly battered when he returned to
his corner.
They mixed it early in the seventh, but
Choynski soon sent his opponent to the
floor with a right on the Jaw. Ryan got
up inside the limit, but went down again
from another right on the mark. After re
viving from this blow Ryan saved him
self from being counted out by a clean
margin, but when he regained his feet
he wtls so groggy that there was no pos-
Bible chance of his lighting any longer.
Choynski went to him without a second's
delay and swung his rigni once more to
the mark and Ryan went down on his
hands and knees. He lay in that position
as* if lie were paralyzed. The referoe
counted the Australian out and declared
Choyn'Bki the winner. Time of round, two
minutes and thirty-five seconds.
Macdonough Cup Won by
Aeolus.
THE prizes wen In the fourth annual
regatta of the Paclflo Interclub
Yacht Association, held September 9,
In the bay, were presented yesterday
in the Merchants' Exchange by T. F.
Tracy, px-commodnrc of the Corinthian
Yacht Club and president of the associa
tion. The principal prize was the fourth
silver cup presented by J. M. Macdonough
to the association, and won by Commo
dore Carl WesterfeM and R. H. Morrows
sloop Aeolus, being the third Macdonough
cup carried off by that ewlft sloop. Th'
ciip was manufactured by Shreve & Co.
and is of a handsome classical dpslgn,
with two massive handles. It has a cap
stan as a base. In front Is an engraved
picture of the Aeolus running before the
wind with all sail set.
Will Teach Olympians to Swim.
SID CAVILiLs champion swimmer of
the world, has been Becured by the
Olympic Athletic Club as instructor
in that branch of sport. He is en
route to this city on the steamer Alameda
from Australia. CavlU waa hore two years
since and ppent much of his time with
Olympic Club men. When a vacancy oc
curred recently his name was Immediately
mentioned for the place. He had ex
pressed a desire to come here and accept
ed an offer made him by the club through
John A. Hammersmith, thn iea<lor. It is
the intention of the club directorate to de
velop the swimming department to the
fullest extent. The junior class is increas
ing 1 rapidly In membership and sis a result
the- gymnasium is again the scene of much
activity.
Sunday's Handball Sport.
The play at Phil Ryan's handball court,
SSB Howard street, for next Sunday prom
ises to be exciting, In consequence of the
advancement of James White and J. Col
lins from the Juvenile class to that of the
proliclent, by reason of the splendid
play made by them last Sunday, when
they competed for the Phil Ryan medal.
White and Collins are pitted against
M. J. Kilgnllon and R. Linehan, two of
the best all-round players on this coast.
This game promises to be not only in
terestlnSa but will decide the fate of two
old hand performers against young blood
and modern methods of sidetracking
r>Ml!=. The other entries are:
.1. R. Bookman and D. J. Bbeehan v*. E.
MeDonoueh ana E. Lynch.
T. L«ach and A. McVlcker vs. J. Condon
and R. Housman.
K. Barry and J. Kirby vs. D. Regan and
T. Koley.
13. Clements and E. Antron vs. W. Hassell
and W. Collins.
J. Harklns and U. Meyer v». P. Duffy and T.
O'Brien.
D. Rodgers and P. Ryan vs. M. McDonald
and O. McDonald.
James Harlow and E. Maloney vs. M. Ma
gulre and E. Curley.
KILRAIN KNOCKED OUT.
Steve O'Donnell Wins From the Vet-
eran xTize-Fighter.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 20— Jake Kilraln
was practically put to Bleep to-night in
five rounds by Steve O'Donnell of Aus
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
9JJade in the Sporting Ti/orid,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, October 20, 1899.— Twenty-fourth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
rainy. Ttack sloppy.
trnlia before the Eureka Athletic Club.
In the opening rounds Jake showed a c;" '■!
deal of his old-time cleverness. il>.'
blocked well, di ■ nd skipped .
like a youngster, O'Donnell failing to put
■■•• on him until the thtr.l round, and
then only light blows were
A straight ri^h: punch on the Jaw dazed
the veteran in the fourth rounrl. A
of rig-ht and left punches In the :'ifih,
supplemented by a hard ri^ht swing on
the Jaw, sent Kllrcin to the floor, where
upon his seconds ti)rew up th^ sp inge.
CHALLENGES HARVARD.
University of California After a Foot-
ball Match.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 20.— The Har
vard football team to-night received a
challenge from the University of Califor
nia for a pame to be played in San Fran
cisco on Christmas day. As the crimson
eleven will have Unished the season and
gone out of training long before that time,
and as the consent of the athletic com
mittee probably could not be obtained for
such an extended trip, the challenge will
probably be lined, but not until every
reasonable effort has been made by the
studf-nt body to influence the faculty to
sanction the trip.
Quakers Win the Fourth.
BROOKLYN, Oct. 20.— Philadelphia won the
fourth game of the match series to-day by
bettor hitting. McJames was knocked out of
the box In the fifth lnnir.g a~d was succeeded
by Donovan, who held the Phillies down. The
weather was cold and the Crooklyns fielded
raggedly. The series is now tied, and to-mor
row^ ■ game will decide. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 8 11 2
Brooklyn g 10 4
Batteries— Fraser and McFarland; Donovan,
MeJanvs and McGulre.
Martin on a Winner.
LONDON, <~W. 2').— At to-day's ravins?
at Samlown P;irk the Temple handicap
was won by Filassler. "Skeets" Martin
on Suppliant. Tod Sloan
rode -M\:ikka and was unplaced. Fourteen
horses ran. Betting LOO t>. 8 against
Myakka ami Vt to 1 aeainst Suppliant
Escurial, ridden by Martin, won the
Turk polling plate, letting- 7 to 2.
The Hersham two-year-old race was
won by Scot Free, Itnpl.it was second
and North Crawley, with L. Relff up,
third. Betting 30 to 1 against Crawley.
V^^y/l^ii^^fil^^W^^' illllll^iipG^ dressy— properly cut, well sewed, elegantly finished. . Satin lined sleeves and back— \
i^///^^^olli balance fancy cassimcrc lining, French facing. The fair retail price is SlB— but it's not 1
i^'i^^^^^^^^^^^ i ;i^M eaSY t0 gCt a pCrfcct fit in aa ordinar y store. Ours is the assortment of a wholesale i
T^H mst X you want this coat come at once. m
121-lE36ansome6f'.nr.Pine ™
SPORT AT SUTRO'S.
_, , :■■,>..:■
The entries for the aquatic sports hold
weekly at Sutro Baths are as follows: ?
Fifty-yard dash, novice— lV. Fleminir \
£™ fma ". T F - f«J. C. Shilling, ■: Cofk F
Httur. O. Loenthal J. Wilson. G.^Walcott 30
yard dash. Juveniles— T La Huscn •■ i,.-<
v)' ■ I Srt H"
nSS«^ 1 ?€^ ard d 'ving-lr Cathcart. "v.
Di.Ußlass, J. Cartwrlßht. M. Divert W HofT
J 0 &£, ?*R tOni J - V'S^ J - MeCorailck,
J. v urlen, A. Ua^anatori. R. Cordell.
BERKELEY MAN SAID
TO HAVE BEEN MURDERED
Dr. Theo Wurschow and a Servant
Disappear in the Hills of
Mexico.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.-A. well-known
mining man of Bonora, now In this city
says that Dr. Theo Wunschow, an Ameri
can physician, whose family liv at
Berkeley, Cal., has been murdered In
Bonora. Dr. Wunschow, accompanied by
a native servant, left the town of Bari
acora on August 16 last for Santa Helena^
He had a lartre amount of K old dust on
his person and he. intended tS purchase a
draft on a San Francisco bank at Santa
Helena. Neither Dr. Wunschow nor his
servant ever arrived at Santa Helena
Friends at Barlacora have sent out
searching parties, but no trace could be
found. Some «t . his friends believe that
the servant killed and robbed him. while
fnnTn £J% lnc >in^ to the belief that c
killed fit* of^em?' *?$? V:KIUIs ' Wh °
Pearl Hart Captured.
XT. PASO, Oct. 80,-Pearl Hart, th
Arizona woman bandit, who escaped
from jail at Tucson, Ariz., two weeks ago
was arrested to-day at Doming, NAM.,'
h^Wff arriv( ; d last nl * ht on horse
back with a male companion. She will
be taken back to Tucson to-nieht
Took Morphine.
\ BALIA, Oct. 20.-H. A. Bro^n of Oak
land died suddenly in this city this morn
mar fmni an overdose of morphine
BACKERS OF
SISQUOC GOT
A SWELL RUN
Two- Year-Old Ran Away
Twice — Three Choices
Downed at Oakland.
Of all the favcritea that met disaster in
the Bplashy going at Oakland yesterday
Bisquoc waa the most unfortunate. Tlie
1 Brutus gehllp.g rul« d a 1 to 3 favorite for
the opening two-year-old scramble, and
i while the small field waa at the post ran
away twice over the course with Ward.
ilns naturally placed him hors de com-
t ',^, nd iJalir ;>x. an Sto 1 shot, disposed
of Ella dv J'uy by a ht-ad when Ferguson
; finally dispatched the buncli.
It was not a red-letter day for the tal
; ent, as Modwena and Rio Chico, aiso
prime choices, were laid away
Mat Storn started the Morello filly Mod
< wena for the iirst time In the second
; event, over the Futurity course, and she
must have been a trifle short. Better sea
: soned, Kootc-nai. with Coburn up led into
the stretch, beating the favorite out with
ease by four lengths. The Offering expe
rienced no difficulty in securing the show.
Lavator made his company in the mile
handicap look lik^ nothing. Picking up
104 pounds and starting a 9 to 10 fa
the chestnut horse made a gallop of it th.»
entire way. Lothian did not seem to fancy
the going, managing, however, to bes"t
I Judge Wofford for the place.
On his last performance Rio Chico did
not figure a great char.cc to win the
fourth event, at nix furlongs, but the
1 gelding was yesterday played for a good
thing. J. Brown again had the mount,
' and his odds fell from threes to S to 5.
Away in the lead, strangely enough,
Sink's entry looked like "Hawkins 1 horse"
! until a furlong from the wire, when Lode
star k>>i iii), and in a drive won by a
length. Ringmaster made a fine run from
the rear, securing the Bhow.
Old Lovdal, after many attempts, finally
won a purse. 11^ dosed favorite for the
closing seven-furlong affair, and overtak
ing Mike Rice the last portion of the trip
rarn^d the decision in a hard drive. Away
poorly, Frawley nstride Polish, the second
i choice, ran third.
Track Notes.
J. Brown, the rider of Rio Chico, was
suspended pending an Investigation into
the races of the sprinter Rio < 'hico.
The trainer of Lodestar was informed
that unless in future the horse ran more
consistently his entry would be refused.
President Thomas H. Williams Jr. r^
i turned from his hunting trip in the north
, crn part of th*» State yesterday.
The California Jockey riul> has in pro
ject a greal stake race. It is ;i Futurity,
with $5000 added by the Oakland associa
tion. The conditions will ii" formulated
by Judge Murphy and Handicapper Brooks
and wiil he mud-.- public In a few days.
! The distance will probably be six and a
hnlf furlongs, and Mr. Williams said he
! saw r.i> n-;is')ii why the race should not be
worth $25,000 to the winner. Being, of
riiiirs". for two-year-olds, December, 1901,
will svc its first decision.
li. winning with to-night's issue, the
Dailj Racing New? will henceforth ap
pear both as an evening and a morning
turf journal. The previous form of every
starting will" lie published in each
edition.
To-Day's Entries.
First race: seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
177 Gen. Arthur.. ..lo3 175 t 7 na C010rad0.. .109
ISS Silver Maid 109 167 Bonlbel 103
190 Katie Gibbons. .ll4 182 S*a Carlos 109
Second race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
nnd upward; selling.
121 Jack McCabe...lM 1 190 Rio Chico 101
163 Deerfoot 103 188 Billy A 101
177 Spt. McAllister. ll2 i 177 Siiannonette ...109
161 Tourist II 104 i 177 Starling 109
161 Magdalene* — 10*; y •./.<
Third — Futurity course; two-year-olds;
purse.
Giro 110 157 Mountaineer ...IK- '
187 Sisquoc 102 ... Infinity 107
172 Alee 110 173 Gundara 107
172 Jolly 8rit0n. ...1021
Fourth race One mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and upward; free handicap.
< : - ißalnler 971 185 New Moon 100
190 P. A. Finnecan. 96 1 M Alicia 90
176 Morlnel 10S ISC Glen Anne 84
ISC Snips 93)
Fifth race— Six furlongs; handicap; three
year-olds and upward.
170 Sorrow 951 ISI Negligence ..... 9S
(169)1 Don't Know.. 98 175 Bailie Goodwin. 96
171 Imperious 106 (lTS)Etta H 103
Sixth race— mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
180 Donator ...101! ... Frank Jaubert..lO4
(lM)Tenrica 104 1 (191)Lovdal 107
191 Roadrunner ....107;. 178 Merry Boy 104
IS4 Monrovia ..1041
Selections for To-Day.
First race Una Colorado, San Carlos, Katie
Gibbons.
I Second race— Chlco, Tourist 11. Billy A.
Third race— Alee, Gundara, Infinity.
i Fourth race — Morlnel, New Moon, Snips.
Fifth race— Etta H. Sorrow, Sallie Goodwin.
Sixth Tenrlca, Frank Jaubert, Mon
rovia. ■ «»____
Coursing at Dallas.
DALLAS, Texas. Oct. 20.— The sport In
the American Coursing (^liih's annual
meet to-day was witnessed by the largest
crowd of the meeting. Results:
Northern SurDrlse . beat Winnlnc Style; Sir
Guy beat Lord Glenkirk: Lord Stewart beat
Tonakawa: Imp. Temple beat Beer Brewer;
King of Hills beat Lady Roger; Borderer beat
Little Van; Kmln Pasha beat Silver Lion; Sil
ver Wlrun beat Cliff dal«; May Queen beat
Van Imp; Imi>. Metallic beat Reva; Stonehenge
beat Black Beauty.
For More Sports See Eighth Page.
COURSING MEN
FEARFUL OF THE
LAW'S OBJECTION
Sport to Be Declared
to Be Cruel.
1
LOCAL POLICE WILL NOT ACT
•-
SECRETARY HOLBROOK'S HANDS
ARE ALSO TIED.
-♦
The Condemning Decision of the Los
Angeles Judge Will Not Be
Enforced in This City and
County.
Local coursing- men are greatly agitated
over the decision of Superior Judge Smith
of Los Angeles declaring coursing to be
cruelty to animals and enforcing the pen
alty Imposed upon an offender by a Jus
tice's Court. The followers of the hares
and bounds In this city need not unneces-
Barlly disturb themselves, for the present
at Last. None of the authorities that
would have power to act will move until
certain other legal muddles in connection
with the case have bt-en cleared up. It is
claimed, however, that any citiz< 11 may
take action and have coursing arrosted
for what Is r.nw contended to be a law of
the State. There is no appeal from the de
cision of the Los Angeles Judge except by
writ of habeas corpus to tno Supreme
Court.
Charles Holbrook, the secretary of the
c ty for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, will do nothing to prevent cours- j
ing at Jngleside. He says that his hands
are tied by the directors of his society,
and whatever his own personal opinion of
coursing may be, he cannot act officially
to prevent it in this county. "I believe
that the decision of the Los Anj
court," be said yesterday, "is absolutely!
Just It is imw a law of the State that j
coursing is cruelty to animals, and any I
citizen may ,-irrest those who indulge iii i
it. Personally 1 have always believed
that coursing is a cruel sport, which i
should be abolished. I have consistently
advocated Its abolition, but the officers of
the society of which I am secretary have
decided that the sport is not cruel, and j
consequently 1 am unable to act. I have i
Been scores of Instances where the sporl
was unquestionably cruel, but my opinion, j
unfortunately, has no force. It is claimed
thai coursing removes a pest and for tills
reason should be encouraged. This may;
v true, but the hares are not a post !
In San Francisco, and their destrud
h< r ) under the conditions of coursing is !
cruelty,
'■I believe that the police now have no
excuse to tolerate the sport in this county.
They have the law and two decisions to
support them. "We have convicted men in '
this county f.«r rat killing, and if we can
do that there < ertainly ought to be every
prospect of conviction for hare killing."
Chief of Police Lees will also remain in- !
a< tive until there are further develop
ments In the case, "I am absolutely
powerless to act," said the Chief yes
day. "I am personally opposed to cours
ing, and would stop it In this county if !
I had the power, but an injunction has
been placed upon me and 1 cannot move
until it is dissolved. The matter will be
urpued shortly, and then 1 shall enforce ;
"the law as the courts interpret it. The
whole matter. Involving many more ele
ments than that of cruelty, is now tied up ;
before Judge Murasky."
The coursing men have their point of !
view from which they discuss the oppo
sition to their sport. "We base our case
on two points," said T. J. McHugh, Held ■
steward at Intrle.-ide Park. "There is no
cruelty, because invariably the hare is
killed instantly, its spinal column being ;
brol en, and in addition the hares are a j
pest. The residents of Fresno, Merced.
Ylsalla and other points in the San Joa- ;
quiu Valley speak of ML .T. Brawnlng, the !
man who traps all the hares for coursing
parks, as a public benefactor. He Is cred
ited with doing rood for the communities j
where ho sets his nets for hares.
"By the system now in vogue the hand :
of man never touches the hares used In 1
coursing. They are sent here in the boxes I
in which they are caught. They are lib- j
c rated for exercise, and when taken up !
to be coursed the box system is again i
brought into use. For real cruelty one j
must look to the rabbit drives when the i
whole countryside turned out for a holi- ■
day and killed the despollers of their
vineyards by thousands."
Peer Tiffany of Union Coursing Park
spoke In the same strain. He points
the history of coursing in England dating '
biick to ancient times. It has always '
been a standard sport there, being fol
lowed by people of highest class.
MODEL POSTOFFICE
AT THE EXPOSITION
Special Cable to Thp Call and the New York
Herald, C pyrighted, 1889, by James Gor
olon Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 20.— Americans who visit
the Paris Exposition next year can have
their mail addressed to them at a model
American postofiice in the Exposition.
Information was received from Com
missioner General Peck to-day that he
h;,tl arranged with the French postal au
thorities to have such an office in opera
tion. Mails will bo handled by- American
postal employes and by a detail of clerks
from the Paris Postofßce.
ANDRADE FLEES
FROM CARACAS
President of Venezuela
Has Not Resigned.
Special Dispatch to- The Call.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 20.—Presi
dent Andrade. it is now known, escaped
early this morning to La Guayara. He
9ed without transferring power. Tele
graphic an*d telephonic communication is
interrupted.
An attempt was made last night to
dynamite the residence of Senor Matos,
General Andvade's representative in the
negotiations with the insurgent com
mander. General Cipriano Castro.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 2l>.— The following
dispatch has been received from Minister
LoomJs, dated at Caracas, 2:12 p. m. :
The President of Venezuela left Caracas at
daylight with 800 men for La Guayara. Has
not resigned. Pome disorder in Caracas. Heavy
dynamite br.iv.), exploded in the house of Matos,
former Minister of Finance.
The following has been received at the
Navy Department from Commander
Ilemphlll of the Detroit, dated at La
Guayara, via Tlayti, at 2:26 p. m. :
Secretary of Navy. Washington: Andrada
has fled, going toward La Guayara with 800
men. He has not resigned the Presidency. Vice
President, who holds authority during the
President's absence, has telegraphed Castro to
enter Caracas. No disorder here or in Caracas
thus far.
f{\ Loss of
r-Ja-i Strength
*«c r and
"SJ; Nervous
tfif" Vigor
'Mm i 1 \ \'i.<>V Are forerunners
V W\ 4" \^^ of serious evil.
M:HT~!)<\^^ m& If your nerves
V . 1 \^^tW are weak, then
■Jv^M Vl/ »\«^i>\ your bodily vigor
I Njjf P%i( is at its lowest
" r ** c= -\616» ebb and all the or-
I I --..^ &ans must puffer,
vIA L ■ / "Take HU D-
»-!Kt* V AN" before seri-
li liy ous consequences
I, IV / ensue. Don't wait
*^iL? I until serious
heart complica-
a£.\ tion, apoplexy, or
complete prostra-
tion results.
HUDYAN* provides the much-needed
I nerve force. HUDYAX cures headaches
'or dizziness (fig-. 1), hollow eyes and
sunken cheeks (fig. 2). disordered diges-
tion and loss of appetite (fig. 3), torpid
liver and constipation (fig. 4), weakness
i of limbs (fig. 5), and shaky knees (tig. (U,
Are you despondent, melancholy, weak,
I easily "tired out? Do you lack energy and
nerve force? Is your Bleep disturbed by
horrid dreams? Do you tremble, feel sick
to stomach at times, and feel exhausted?
If so, HUDYAN is what you need. i-iLTD-
VAX will bring back your strength, en-
ergy, nerve force, appetite— will restore
1 the glow of health.
GET HUDYAN J^", your
Ut.l IHJUI /All druggist, 50c a
package, six packages for $2 50. If your
druggist does not keep HUDYAX send di-
rect to HUDYAN REMEDY CO., cor.
; Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San
I Francisco, Calif.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS — FREE
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
.The last process
through which
KvSyo O/ila
CXITd r£ti€
beer passes from the
brew to the bottle is
termed Pasteurizing
— the result is abso-
lute freedom from im-
purities, and a beer
that is as much a food
as a beverage.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
- 1407-17 Eddy St.
NOTICE !
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11. 1539
In accordance with the provisions of Section
366S of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the Stat*
Beard of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1599
to-wlt; * - '
California Pacific Railroad Company Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Ca'l
fornla Railroad Company. Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
Southern California Motor Road Company"
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company :
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company. Nevada County Narrow-Oauee Rail-
road Company. Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Californla-Or^on Railway
Company Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company
Gvialala River Railroad Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California. Sierra Valley B way
Company. San Francisco and San Mateo Flec-
tric Railway Company. Randsburj* Railway
C Th^f4t, and ,, Pul!man Palace C " Compart
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
r«,w2 .nil ?m £ ecryt y "re now due and
Sfond.v in v IU K be rtelln( l Uf? nt on the last
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p m
and unless paid to the State Treasurer ' at the
?« aI i ! n2 I -.srl?^. th . cie i. r * tO -. B per «nt wm be added
or before the Inst Monday In April next, at
L -^ P ft' an a<l< " tlonal 5 per cent wil!
be added to the amount thereof.
tale? o'rT.n I ? ne - na lf of State and eonntv
l-vnMr «rt r ,l al Property will be due and
Kit .nrtnin he ., first Mon( Jay In January
So, .^ »n ' b " dellnf on the last M0n-
?,^..l „ & ll # next C at 6 «*«*»«* p. m.. and
r-!,ffoi P Sw Vk the State Treasurer, iat th«
tfls2'££s£ffi&J per cent wiii be addeJ
S. P. COLQAN. State Controller.
Wselly Gall $1.00 pr YearOdd Jtellows Ond Uheir Srand jubilee
CELEBRATION of the- golden Jubilee
of Odd Fellowship In California
came to an end at 2 o'clock this
morning with the final strains of
the last waits at Mechanics' Pa
vilion The closing scene was one never
to be forgotten. Outside was the cul
mination of two days' drizzle Into a
steady downpour. Inside a fairyland In
which color set off beauty while music
moved the mass.
At every stage of the celebration the
members of the Jubilee committee found
the elements against them and at every
stage they triumphed, plucking more than
magnificent results out of almost absolute
impossibility. Clouds threatened their
parade. Some were on the point of post
poning it, but the majority voted to go
ahead, and go ahead they did. Resultr-the
most noteworthy civic parade ever given
In the city by any organization— con
taining so many striking features that It
would be useless to name them all. In the
evening the competitive drills were sched
uled to take place. The drizzle came down
eteadily and late In the afternoon It
seemed as if it would be hard work to
draw a corporal's guard to the Pavilion.
At S o'clock the 6000 seats were filled and
still the crowds were passing through the
doors. How many succeeded In getting In
is not known, but It Is safe to say that
not less than 10,000 people witnessed the
competition and exhibition.
It was with a feeling of regret that the
committee felt compelled to admit the po
tency of the weather man to the extent
of calling oft the excursion and picnic to
El Campo, billed yesterday, and substitut
ing in its place a concert at the Pavilion,
during the intervals of which the games
arranged would be contested. Their feel-
Ing of regret was turned to glee before
half of the programme had been carried
through. The Indoor picnic was a success
in every particular. No less than 4000 peo
ple braved the storm to take part in It.
and they made things go with a whoop
•hat did good the hearts of me commlttee
inen.
After all these nice things that could
be directly attributed to the rain the Odd
Fellows began to feel rather friendly to
J. Pluvius and made up their minds that
he was going to do them Just one more
big favor before he quit and that was to
keep up his lick during the afternoon to
prevent an uncomfortable crowding on
the dancers at the Pavilion during the
•night. Almost before the wish had been
formed the ruin god began to gratify it.
Down came the drops harder and harder,
until at 7 o'clock in the evening it seemed
a certainty (hat there would be no crowd
ing on the big floor.
Once again the rain proved powerless to
deter the Odd Fellows and their friends
from flocking to the big structure. The
vast crowd of the night before was almost
duplicated. There might have been a thou
sand less than on the occasion of the
competitive drill, but it was not missed.
The number of dancing jubilants could
have been cut in half and still there would
have been lack of comfortable elbow room
In which to dance.
These are a few of the things upon
which the Odd Fellows of California can
look back and of which they can feel
proud, and of which they do.
The programme last evening opened
with several concert numbers by the
band, during the course of which the Pa
triarchs Militant and the Rebekah drill
corps thai had participated in the exhibi
tions of the night tore marched onto the
Iloor. again to draw shouts of admiration
from the onlookinpr thousands. After be
ing marched In review they were drawn
up before Grand Scribe \V. H. Barnes,
who was to present the prizes.
The decision of the judges was that
Canton Ridgeley No. 13 of Stockton had
earned first' place. Grand Scribe Barnes
d-livered to Captain W. Bruce the first
prize consisting of a check for $100 and
the Grand Encampment trophy, a beauti
ful vase. Canton No. 1. Sacramento, got
second place and a check for $l;-0. In de
livering the prizes Grand Scribe Barnes
announced that the judgv.s had found only
a trifling difference Fn the work of the two
teams, but he reminded them that trifles
made perfection. _ • .-
The captains of the San Jose, Stockton
and Pan Francisco ekah drill corps
v.ere each handed checks for *>• for the
creditable appearance of their commands.
The lieutenants and ensigns were present
ed with bouquets. Other prizes were pre
llFor the best? appearance in the parade
of any lodge in the city. Apollo Lodge No.
For the best appearance of any lod^e
outside of the city, Oakland Lodge No.
H For f the Rebekah lodge making the best
appearance in the para.le. Amity Lodge.
San Francisco;, pair of gold-mounted
ivory gavels. _; ■ ,
For the best float. i takiand Rebekah
Lodge, $ta ■ .
For the >...■-: Pavilion booth, District
No. 35. $50.
For the best decorated business house
in the city, the Emporium and Golden
Rule Bazaar, gold trophy,
After all the prizes had been awarded
the hand strucK up the grand march,
:ii!<l not less than a thousand couples fol
lowed Grand .Master BonyiiKe and his
wile, leading. Xo prettier sight has been
seen in the Pavilion for many a day. All
through the night there was a kaleido
scopic scene of beauty which never wav
ered once during the long programme of
tventy-four lances Everything moved
like clockwork, only more quickly for the
dancer? who did not relish leaving such
a jubilee for the downpour outside.
The ball was as successful as any other
feature of the celebration, and to the fol
lowing committees more than passing
Arrangements— M. Neumann (chairman^. Mrs.
B"?pie McDonald. Miss Florence F. Walcom.
Mips Kena .1. Crawford, Herman M. D. Meyer,
Mrs. H. C. Kdwards. Mlbs Lucy M. Quint.m,
Mr?. Mary M<l,ean. Erland DryKelins. D. V.
Douel (Fwrelnry). Floor manager, O. \V. Krlf
■".vinf. Assistant floor managers— D. V. Im»u»I,
E. DryseliUß, John Tliompi'on. H. M. D. Meyer.
Floor f. remittee— <: \V. Fabian. O. M Col
burn. Fred ■• Si-be, Fred D. Aahworth, Frank
K. Smith. .1. Coplln Ptinson, M. W. Brower,
G. .larvls. J. .1. Appli . Daniel Burns, H.
I). Nienhaus, A. Jacobi, O. B. Crawford, James
A. Lnrkin. W. W. Watson, John \V. Perry,
\V. O. I'arker, Krno?t Kohde. J. D. Davi< W.
J. B
INDOOR PICNIC AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION
T^alkefl by the downpour In their inten
give an excursion and picnic yes
. Bl Campo, the Odd Fellows'
■ mitt< •• aid the next best thing
jrave a jiii nlc during the afternoon In
Mechanics' Pavilion with ncert
Several thousand people
■:r!envrit weather to take part
We Want!
We want, people of limited means
and ehrewd financiers to Investigate
our proposition.
"We have property in Contra <" osta
that the report of the fuel commit-
to the Manufacturers' and Pro-
ducers' Association says contains
oil.
We are down f*>o foot, and expect
to Ftrik" oil by Blnking 300 feet fur-
ther. Stock that in ii'>w selling for
$5 per share will command $50, and
■will he hard : gel 11 that prloe.
Report and illustrated prospectus
for the asking.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 322-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING, SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROt'RKß &
JACKSON. 1002 Broadway.
and at times during the afternoon the
seating capacity of the big interior was
on the point of being severely tested.
The games that had been arranged as
part of the attractions for the outdoor
picnic were very cleverly contested on the
main floor of the Pavilion, and those who
did not participate shook their sides
laughing at the efforts of fat men ajid
fat women to annex race prizes. There
were bowling contests and ring tossing,
bean bag events and races for all sorts
of men. women and children. Patriarchs
Militant raced over the waxed floor as if
th«y were trying to beat the Columbia;
Bhapely Rebekahs gathered their skirts !n
their hands and sprinted for dear life; no
ble grands ran like deer, and some of
them slipped and slid, and everything
went merry as a marriage bell.
In the intervals between events the
band played dance music and those who
desired to danced. It wasn't El Campo,
but it was very pleasant. The commit
tees in charge 'of the various contests
were made up of the following: Bowling,
Brother Roy Daniels and Sister Joost;
ring toss, Brother Aphworth and Sisters
Stone and Jensen: bean bag, Brother
Perry and Sister Hall: puppet gallery,
Brother Foster and Sister Hawley; rac
ing, Brothers Malcolm and Burton and
Sisters Shaw, Ewing and Becker. The
winners were:
Footrace for boys under 10 years of age,
Chester Terrill.
Race for boys under 16 years of age, Ed
ward 1 >ennls.
Footrace for young men, Floyd Turpln.
Footrace for young ladies, Grace Wallace.
Footrace for married men, Joseph Sullivan.
Footrace for married ladles, Mrs. Fahrner.
Footrace fcr fat men. Mr Morton.
Footrace for fat ladies, Mrs. Engelbrlght.
Footrace for ladles with eg« and ladle. Him
B. Stevens.
Footrace for noble grands, Frank Webber.
Footrace for chief patriarchs. John Perrott.
Footrace tor noble grand Rebekahs, Miss
Harris.
Footrace for unmarried Kftx-kah?, Miss B.
Stevens.
Bowling— For gentlemen, best score, C. H.
Hills; for ladies, best score. Miss Reuben; sec
ond, Mips Beers.
COMMITTEE MEN WHO
HAD A TIRED LOOK
There was not a member of the execu
tive committee last evening who di
wear a tired look, and the one who was
most In evidence In that way was 11. S.
Jones of California Lodge, chairman of
cecutive body. They were all pleased
with the result, but there was not one
who did not feel happy in the thought
that his labors were drawing to a close.
Those win. composed thai body had great
[•takings before them, but by judi
. i'.us management they carried out their
purpose to a degree oi completeness that
is creditable to themselves and to the
grand order they repi
The ladies in charge of the several re
ception booths were on duty all day yes
terdaj and last night, and they, too. were
rs in the lineooff f fra
ternity were drawing to the end. They
were faithful in their attendance and were
ever ready to entertain all who called on
The poetofflce In the Pavilion did a good
business having during the three days re
: a delivered nearly 1500 lett< rs.
Last night Grand warden William
Nicholls of Dutch Flat, who was elected
a few days since to fill a vacan y on the
: created by the advancement of
the grand warden, tendered a supper to
. Lodge officers and wme friends at
one of the first class rotisseries. 'I here
were present besides the host and his
wife- W. A. Bonynge, the grand master;
Deputy Grand Master William \V. Wat-
Mrs. Watson, Grand Treasurer
j \v Harris, Grand Trustee C. >>. Bur
ton and Mrs. Burton. Grand Trustee -lohn
jon Grand Trustee J. K. NTi hols and
Miss Fannie Benjamin, one of the trus
: th< i (rphans' I tome and past presl
dent of the Californl /• H was
a very pleasant and quiet affair.
Last night Grand Secretary George T.
Shaw celebrated the twenty-first anniver
of his son. which fell on the last day
f th( ■ m. by assisting to initiate
him Into Pacific Lodge, be acting as one
■ • officers who delivered the charges.
AN ENJOYABLE SMOKER.
Reunion of Members of Division No.
2, A. 0. H.
Division No. 2. A. O. H.. gave Itu an
nual "smoker" last evening a: Hibernla
Hall. 120 Ninth street. There were pres
ent many representative!! of other divi
sions and their friends. The " l -.-asion
was virtually a reunion of the members
of one of the strongest and most intluen
tial orders of the city and Btate. Mr.
Hartley Lee, th»- presidi ni of the division,
acted as master of ceremonies and In
troduced the talent which gave a sort of
wireless telegraphy entertainment that
lasted into the wee sma' hours. Charles
Flannagan, editor of the Nation, made
an eloquent talk in which he expressed
greal sympathy fur ihe Boers tn their
struggle agalr.st the English. The senti
ment elicited hearty applause. Judge M.
■ y gave a poetic history of the ord< r
from its inception and Bane an Irish
song In the anclr-nt CJaelic. T. L. Clancy
dilated upon the charter and the "Pres
enl Political Problem," during wjiich he
declared that he avoided politico in ac
cordance with the rule of the society, but
some of the members did not think that
he kept within the limit, thouj
sought to call him down. John Klnny
and M. F. Donloavy won the prize aa lif?
dancers and Paul Petlnl warn accorded the
honors for his rendition of airs from
Italian operas In the original tongue. The
Inimical Chinese songs and re, Itations by
Tommy Naylor were highly appreciated
Several politicians called during the
evening, but they did not get In their
deadly work save to extend the glad hand
and make a few "Irrelevant remarks."
At the conclusion Secretary Clancy was
given a vote of thanks for the boun'ffu!
board which was furnished to the guests.
CHILDREN TAUGHT TO
SAVE THEIR PENNIES
Savings Bank System Introduced in !
the Public Schools at Yasa
dena.
PASADENA, Oct. 20.— The Pasadena ]
Bchools have introduced a system of sav
ings banks into the schools to teach and i
encourage the children to save their
money. There is nothing compulsory j
about it, the idea being to afford an op- j
portunlty for the deposit of small amounts j
and to teach the child the power and |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, % 1899.
ODD FELLOWS TOOK
NO NOTICE OF THE
DRIZZLY DOWNPOUR.
value or money. Deposits in any amount
are m- n Monday by the teacher,
who turns it over to the principal of the
school, by whom it is deposited in the
Building and Loan Association in the
name of the superintendent depositing It.
At the end of the fiscal year the divi
dends of the Building and Loan Associa
tion are paid to the principal, who dis
tributes it among the Individual deposit
ors. The account can be drawn upon by
the pupil after a notice or' thirty days,
if the demand has the indorsement of
the principal and parent or guardian.
This precludes the possibility of the
whimsical spending of money by the
children.
A great deal of Interest bas been shown
by the children from the beginning. The
jilan bas been In operation only three
weeks and already 548 out of the 1850
pupils in the schools have deposited. The
entire amount has reached the sum of
Jl'"" M 4. One little girl brought in 800 pen
nies on the first day. Others have de
i as high as $(J at one time.
The general idea was brought from
MRS. FANNIE T. McCOWEN, THE NEW WORTHY GRAND MATRON.
France in 18S5 by J. Thiry, who estab
lished a savings system in Long Islam!
City. From there it has spread over
eleven States, In Pennsylvania it has |
been adopted by 185 schools. In Europe
it Is quite prevalent. Pasadena is the
first place In California to Introduce it, :
largely through the efforts of Miss Har- ,
ris, one of the teachers.
it Is purely local as yet. J. W. Kirk, i
State Superintendent of Schools, has
warmly Indorsed the movement and ex- i
pressed his desire to have some such !
plan introduced into the State school
system. ■:
MUSGRAVE ARRESTED.
; Believed to Be One of the Famous
Black Jack Gang.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. 20.— Holney Mus
; grave, charged with being one of tho
I leaders of the notorious "Black Jack"
i gang of outlaws which has committed
. numerous train robberies ana murders in
Texan. New Mexico and Arizona during
! t lie past few years, has been landed In
: jail at Cotula. Texas, where he is charged
I with horse-stealing.
He was arrested a few weeks ago near
■ Roswell, N. M., and was returned to
! Texas on an extradition warrant. Mus
■ grave was accompanied by a strong
i armed guard, a* members of the "Black
i Jack" gang had said they would make an
i attempt to liberate the prisoner if an ef
-1 fort was made to return him to Texas.
Took Poison by Mistake.
PASADENA, Oct. 20.— Mrs. Emma Shaw
of Summit avenue took ; strychnine this
morning Instead of quinine. She took an
overdose and while walking away felt
queer. She at once took an emetic and
was seized with convulsions'. She has
partially recovered but is not yet out or
danger. u *<^
EASTERN STAR CHAPTER
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
THE greater part of the session of the
Grand Chapter, Order Eastern Star,
on Thursday was taken up in the dis
cussion of matters that were recom
mended in the reports.
A motion was made that the Grand
Chapter create the office of honorary
worthy past grand patron and confer the
same upon William S. Moses, the father
of the Order of Eastern Star in Califor
nia, but it was discovered that this could
be done only by an amendment to the con
stitution, and to bring about this result a
committee wan appointed to present a
suitable amendment. It was also pro
vided that the office shall be only during
the lifetime of Mr. Moses.
An Invitation was received from the
chapter in San .lose asking that the next
session of the Grand chapter he held in
the Garden < "It;, of California.
In the afternoon there was the election
for grand officers for the ensuing term.
George L. Darling, associate grand pa
tron, a mernlxr of Golden Gate Chapter of
this city, who during his term was a very
active officer, was elected worthy grand
patron; Mrs. Fannie T. McCowen of King
ley Chapter, Uklah, was elected worthy
i B^ Strength for Weak Men
W^z \ \ -==s J:;^^^^^^ :!! s^r~ r^'- ■ -^J^T •&■■'■ "'"\^-r : Men whose ambition has been crushed by lost manhood, who have
Vi *\^ -^^^^^^^^^^^ '^-*-~. — "^"^ s^S'^*'^ weak nerves, weak back, varicocele, pains in the back and chest, and
6 .^^[sg|||«^j|fe^J^^ -s^ those drains of vitality which are so exhausting— to such men ELEC-
/%<>K v 0 a< =^- j^^i^ =* — _s^ TH.ICITY, flowing into the weakened body in a soothing, gentle stream
///%Z\ ~^3Zr^P^ " ■ _^-J~j^ while you sleep, is the dawn of new — it is the means by which I
y^^^ ' \ o^^- ft _ 2-^^*^"" have restored thousands of weak men to health and happiness. My
. 1 jtej Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt
r! A\\ \ \^\v Conquers all weakness, relieves all pain. I have devoted twenty years to the proper use of electricity
■ ; ' : * " y{ \l\ )ISI\ ' for this P ur P° 3e ' and m y Electric Belt of to-day is perfect.
It is the strongest Electric Belt in the world. It is warranted one year without need of re-
V, .. _. V y UJ\ gjlM V pairs. It has the only known device that will regulate the current. It has soft chamois cushion
\ 1 "-^^ .^ |///f|li electrodes which cannot burn and blister, as do the bare metals on all other Electric Belts. Health is
Sjsy A L ' tilltUW/ worth more than wealth. My Belt is invaluable to a weak man. Read this testimony:
)i>o\ w//fMf/ . DR - M - a. Mclaughlin, madera. cai.. Sept. 8. is 99.
V&SV W//r/// Dear Sir: The Electric Belt I bought of you on May 2Sth has been worth its weight in gold, for it
XSa%^ ■ . i I/A// S' " ■has cured my weakness and other troubles entirely, and lam well satisfied with it, and am now doing hard
>Mv*-^-» 3\~ — Fy .' ' work - Tours very, truly. CHRIS BURRELL.
fa* i. _^Jk My, new illustrated book is full of gladsome tidings to the sick and weak who have dosed with drugs
; i&fy '^-p^^sCor^rp^ClMll in vain. I will send this sealed, free, upon request. Call and see me if you can. My advice is free.
iL .^^^^^^m no II A Unl Until im 702 Market st - Cor - Kearny< sF M U*™* «o^d rot
i 9?^ : ?<^^^^ 'IK Iwl II MPlulßllHlliy and Burdlck Block. Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. | drug-stores
'I Ulll 111 I 111 IfIULnUUIILI!I| OffloeH»nri-8».m.t08:80p.m.: Bnndtyi.lOtoL ♦ ; 4
grand matron; Dr. Charles C. Corbiere of
Kedding was elected grand associate
patron, and Mrs. Lulu Lucas of Santa
Maria was elected associate matron.
In the evening the officers of Ivy Chap
ter exemplified the work in King Solo
mon's Hall in Masonic Temple by initiat
ing two candiUai.es in the presence of the
Grand Chapter, and the work was done
with the correctness for which this chap
ter is noted.
At the session yesterday the report that
the constitution be amended so that the
grand master instead of the grand patron
should preside at all sessions of the Grand
Chapter was taken up and after a pro
longed discussion the amendment was de
feated and the grand patron will preside
as in the past.
Mrs. Kate Josephine Willats was paid
the compliment oi a re-election as grand
secretary. Mrs. Isabel Vawter of Santa
Monica was elected grand treasurer.
The invitation to meet in San Jose next
year was accepted.
It was also decided that in future, when
an investigation is ordered to inquire into
any charges that may be brought against
a member of a subordinate chapter, that
the subordinate chapter must bear all the
expense.
The committee to which was referred
the matter of creating an office for Wil
liam S. Moses, the founder of the order
in this State, presented a report that he
be elected a life member or the Grand
Chapter, with the honors of past grand
patron, and it was adopted.
After the file had been cleared the
grand matron-elect announced the follow
ing appointments: Grand Adah, Carrie R.
Hoff of Pasadena: Grand Ruth. Mary Cor
rell of Woodbridge; Grand Esther, Anna
Klemmer of Willows; Grand Martha, Ella
Boiler of Porterville; Grand Electa, Agnes
Conart of San Jose; grand conductress,
Anna M. Johnson, matron of Harmony
Chapter of San Francisco; assistant con
ductress, Minnie Hallett of Oakland;
grand marshal. Hetty Force of Lakeport;
grand chaplain. Carrie M. Devereaux of
Santa Rosa; grand warder. Josephine
Beemer of Wadsworth. Nev.; grand sen
tinel. Minnie D. Brown of Los Angeles.
Then followed the ceremony of install
ing the elected and appointed officers and
the presentation by the Grand chapter to
the retiring matron, Mrs. Maria A. Pierce,
of a crystal berry bowl and gold spoon; of
a gold chain to the retiring patron. Dr.
Laurance, and of a crystal vase to the
retiring treasurer. Mrs. Craig.
Mrs. Pierce, in token of gratitude for
courtesies shown, presented a Bible to the
retiring patron, a pair of gold-rimmed
spectacles to the errand secretary and a
beautiful enameled watch to Miss Susan
M. Willats. the assistant grand secretary.
Among those who attended the Grand
Chanter session was Mrs. Louisa Davis
r>f Canton. Ohio, who came to this eitv to
represent the Grand Chanter of her State
Mrs. Davis, who Is 77 years of age. has
for forty years been a member of Even
ing Star Chanter No. 40 of Canton, and
during that time never missed a convo
cation of the Grand Chanter of Ohio In
1549 Mrs. Dnvis rnadp all arrangements to
come to California with the pioneers and
had her effect? packed M start on the
Journey, when something occurred to pre
vent her from carrying out her inten
tion, but she made a declaration that If
she nnd an opportunity to visit the land
of gold she would do so before she died
That opportunity did not present itself
until this year.
MUST STAMP TRUNK RECEIPTS.
New Ruling of the Internal Revenue
Department.
According to the nevt ruling of the In
ternal Revenue Bureau, transfer com
panies will be obliged to put a stamp on
all receipts for trunks which are taken up
In one city and delivered in another. This
ruling will apply especially to cases where
the trunk checks are turned over to the
express companies and delivered in near
by cities on wagons owned and controlled
by the companies.
The attention of the Revenue Bureau in
Washington was called to the method
adopted by transfer companies in the
various cities regarding the delivery of a
trunk from a house or hotel in one city
to B residence fir hotel in another city
without the receipt being stamped. Order's
have been issued to internal revenue offi
cers to Investigate the transfer companies
In their districts, and Collector Lynch will
instruct division deputies to see that the
law is enforced. The tax is 1 cent on
each receipt, and amounts to a large sum
in the aggregate.
Superintendent Graham of the People's
Express Company, in discussing the rul
i'lsr yesterday, said:
"we have always endeavored to comply
with the law regarding the stamping of
receipts which we give for parcels and
trunks. In <\:ses where we pick up the
baggage in this city and transfer it to
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley on our
wagons which cross the ferries' we have
always put a stamp upon the receipt In
cases, however, where the check for the
trunk is turned over to us by other com
panies which collect them "on Incoming
steamers, we have not been in .the habit
of stamping the receipt for the check
where we transfer the packages to near
by cities. If the decision covers this kind
of receipt we will certainly comply with
the ruling."
~" •iI.W-j.'.Ji'*l.'iifsl«-^* iifc " ni V-»
—"The. American Porter"— again crowns Its
maker -the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n—
with success, it possesses every element that
makes a beverage popular.
THE GRIFFITHS SEIZED.
Customs Officials Are Determined to
Collect the Fine.
PORT TOWXSEXn. Wash.. Oct. 20.—
The American barkentine J. E. Griffiths
was seized yesterday by the customs of
ficials in default of payment of a li'ie of
$r.'iou Imposed upon her for violation of the
[Jnited States shipping regulations. Lie
Griffiths arrived here from Newchwang
China, on September 27 and did not have
a United States Consular bill of health
hence the $8000 line. Heretofore in cases
of Vessels coming from for<M Kn ports
without a consular bill of health the au
thorities at Washington have ordered
their release, but in the case of the Grite
nths instructions are to insist on full
payment of the tine, as negligence of
ship masters in this respect was becoming
too frequent.
The Griffiths is loading lumber at Had
lock and will give bonds pending th.- til
ing of information in the I'nited States
court and will sail for China on comple
tion of her cargo.
THE EMPOEITJM.
I=r prfMJMMMUMSS i
♦ Oonoert Pr 1 6old<nßole Bazaar!^ Candies, %
* TO' Night. CAUFQRniASLMGZSTr^AMERICA'S.CfIAnDEST STOQE. 35c Pei ™ ♦
* * 2
I Men's $15 Suits for $10 1
* No store in California gives bet- — v — >. *
* ter values in men's clothing than ezp^S* i--^>- ♦
H, we do, and at $15, our regular T^f r*y *
* price for the suits which we place & v*A vvlA «
*on special sale to-day, any man /^=yjfeyv s^wU**^ *
* would get full value for his money, j/jft jZJF A /%Ki A 2
*At $10 this is an ex- / f I V JiT 0\ S
* traordinary offer / L I /j[w^ \\ v
* Gray Cay Worsted Suits in all regular /*^ j -^dl^^r^^x) ♦
~* sizes for men — heavy. 20-ouace worsted, V P^^"^ s— r^f V^ J''
« guaranteed. single-breasted sack coat, y\. Smllnt >^ — rr ♦
round or quare cornered, superior lin- L \s^^v\\\\M J \ L-Jj] ! "#
in-s, siti ; p pin^s, seam? silk sawn __K_ J 'l/n // V " 1 1// *
#> throughout, in every way a perfect $15 ■mL « H 'll^r ■ IW/ *
* suit, of which we will guarantee a per- 1 I *'' h 4 1
* feet fit— forthisdayoi!vat..sJO«oo -if T r *
•i Note — There is still a good as- ' %
m sortment of the $4 and $5 Crecrar Trousers, which we placed on *
* sa/^ for this week at $2. g0. These Pints have been so frequently v;
£ described during the p Ist few days that it is hardly necessary to *
* state thatthev are mide of fine worsteds in neat pzttetns and color- «
J ings that will suit /he most fastidious taste. The sale at $2.90 }
* per pair closes to-niobt. *
& . «
I :, — = I
* T^-Dav O*ilv. To-Div Only For Saturday only we ♦
* &1-1O Sale Of offer a large assort- 2
* -»» A2tfl #» • » m?nt of Sash and i
* rISM- \- *1 OUCKIeSm Neck Buckles — the J
A ttefettC lsk ! kinds now so much in demand — those
jl __ _ /3*lfV^l 7^ that retail '^» J *^-«-wcf _, ' j ■♦
J Wrapper l^mw r - egularlv at /^^^^^^ ♦
A> well cut and well «^/lS\tt fV,« m ,, S ;^ _ r ♦
Z , „ , , //j A x«\ the unitorm «
* made, all new dark /Mi ? ru« •„ »„„!, 90- i
»,  .. , //■<? 1. i ItA price, each &oO ♦
* colors, waist lined, /Jo?/; M T?A • ir-m * , , , . _ . , JL
* s-zes 34 to 44.price /^tlL'H'm ** 'Don t overlook th is offering // « *
T regularly $1.10, /if -f^ ?\ M I one of the be^t bargains that this de- J
J while the lot of //J 4 }< iV^l*^ I partmtnt has off*"* this season. J
5 240 lasts 10-day, To _ Day 0 , , A nice lot of *
I T^!™:t3c 50c Dress g™d d™« |
*, GOOdS, 3 Cm check?, gran^ *
J To-Day Onh. 20 pieces of heavy j te cloths, diagonals, etc., in fall and *
> Can w ht well nappe i! w ; n ter coloring-, regularly 50c a yard, <*
* Mra^mmmm^M serviceable Canton on special sa c Saturday only- 37c *
#, Flannel!. Flannel, our best 10c *
* unbleached quality, on special sac to- fo-Dav Only. We 2!
* day only, per yard 7 ° TSpCStry ' ff - r <*
* to-divo~ Portieres, $1.1 ? lir3 *
*, TT£%Kf%ate*g%B9t* 0' excellent Tapestry Portieres, that re- ♦
» » Be ? G ? Pe tail regularly at $l.£ o per pair, 32 *
& EMS&SBtC* inches wide and 3 yards long, pretty *
•> 19(* 7? patterns in either red, blue, olive or 2
* •"•*■ •\f/,^£& green, for this day only, per pair 2
5 -tJBSlfe^S - ; L.^/ 3 *
* cope Baskets, 3 j &peGK3tlSm high grade liquors «
» suitable for 11^ 1^" j are tor Saturda v only. <*
light shopping. , t- Porf Or Sherry— Our r°''irir ♦
ft, picnic lunches and many other thing;: 75 C per gallon grade, for ...SSo v
* Sizes. Regular. Special. Cedar Run Eourbon-K 2
* 13x7x5^.... ?0«...V. 12C la-ly • 2.50 gallon, for 52.00 2
t 14x8x6»,£ 25c... :5c Pure Grape Brandy— Regular^ 1
A 15^x10x6^ 30c 18C v 52.75 a gallon for $2.25 and 85c «
A 17'^x9x9...". 40c 22C I Full quart bottles for GOG *
STANFORD BOYS
GREET FUNSTON
Chapel Crowded to the
Doors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 20.—
General Frederick Funston was given a
musing reception by the students of
Stanford University when he addressed
them in the chapel this afternoon. Only
the faculty and students were admitted,
but they "filled all the available space,
while others anxiously waited outside.
While in favor of relentlessly prosecut-
Ing the war. now that it has been started,
General Funston is not upon principle an
out and out expansionist. In his remarks
to the students he reviewed the history
of the events which happened after his
arrival up to the time of the breaking out
of hostilities. Continuing, he spoke in
part as follows:
Our war never hns been with the Filipinos
as a nrtion. for they are divided into various
tribes speaking llfteen or twenty different
tongues, but with the Tagalos, who are the
most advanced of all the natives and occupy
the southern part of the islands. Their leaders
are young politicians, between 20 and 30 years
of age. ambitious and unscrupulous to the high
est decree. They have everything- to gain and
nothing to lose, and run their game with a cun
nlThere"V no use in discussing expansion or
anti-expansion, for few of us believe in run
nine about the world annexing foreign terri
tories but now thnt we are In the country and
have 'lost so many men we must thoroughly
thrash every tribe that resists American au
thority With an army of 70.000 men, such as
we have there now. I believe it can be done
THE EMPORIUM.
by next March, if an active campaign is pur
sued. When this is once done I think, tl.o
Filinincs will make loyal Americans.
Much criticism of the conduct of the war has
be?n made In the papers, and often things have
been done which I have thought to be unwise.
However, all I know is that General Otis Is
my superior officer, and I have a feeling that a.
man who was a major general almost before
I was born must know better how to do things
than I do.
When the Islands are finally conquered the
most difficult task is still to follow. Whoever
is President of these United States may he be
wise enough to place at the head of the colon
ial government down there a man of the high
est integrity and not one whose only recom
mendation is a political pull. Americans should
be mixed with Filipinos In the government, and
every remnant of Spanish law wiped from, the
statute books.
General Funston refuted the charges nf
bad conduct and cruelty which irresponsi
ble camp followers had made, saying that
in his experience he had not seen a Fili
pino soldier treated in any unkind way,
and that there were more wounded Fili
pinos in Amerioan hospitals than there
were American soldiers. He termed the
Islands thf richest undeveloped country
in the world, with 112,000 square miles of
tillable land, beside? rich mines and for
ests of hard wood, predicting that in tea
or fifteen years they would become an
cther Ceylon or Java.
General and Mrs. Funston were given a
reception to-night at the residence of
President Jordan by the Stanford Chap
ter of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity.
About 200 guests were present, including
people prominent in both social and col
lege affairs, making the event one of the
most pleasant of the year "With General
Funston was Chancellor F. H. Snow,
head of the University of Kansas, from
which institution the general is a grad
uate.
Death of Mrs. Rea.
GIT.ROY. Oct. 20.— The sudden death of
Mrs. Mary Ann Rea, beloved wife of
Hon. Thomas Rea and mother of James
W.. Supervisor George E. and Carrie Rea,
Mrs. Louis Larpe of San Jose, Mrs. Adda
Strange of San Francisco and Mrs. Clara
Hunna of Berkeley, has cast a gloom over
the community. She had resided In the
Oilroy Valley since 1853. Her death was
unexpected and was due to neuralgia of
the heart.
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 21, 1809
JOHN D SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Mais 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Term? by Mall, Including Potrtape:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL Gr.clurtlnK Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— Uy Sinßle Month ' tO
EUXDAY CALL Year 1 -"°
VEKKLT CALL One Tear 1 00
All postmasters are authorized to reeelv-- subscriptions.
camplo copies will be forwarded when r.-queated.
OAKLAND OFFICE ©08 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Forci£.i Advertising, Marquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK HI -PRESENT ATIVEt
PCRRY LUKLNS iIR 29 Tribuno Building
ChSCAGO NEWS STANDS.
61-erman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Xcrtfc«m Xofcct:
frtvi\'V,i House; Auultorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
WaUi.-rf-Ast.irla Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Unloa 8qu&r«l
UurTny Hill Hotel.
*« JHINGTCN (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•9. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 c'clocK- 300 Hayes street, ODen until
?:20 ociock- 63? McAllister street, open until 9:20
cclocK. 615 Lar^ln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clocK
£Al Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22 C ' Market
ctreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 'o°^
VaLncla street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleventh
ttreet, open until 9 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'eioc^.
AMUSEMENTS.
I : tel Topsy Turvy-"
er Tw ist."
.
Masked Ball."
"Nanon."
••■r— Vaudeville every afternoon and
D nr.d Ellii streets— Specialties.
it - "Die Maeherin." to-morrow
Mngr Park— C mrslng to-day.
■ ball to-day.
: .-i y .
AUCTION SALES.
v, at 11 col -k. Horses, at
sday, October 21. at 1C
THE SIGNATURE LAW.
TI IT ling in the courts br<
the law passed by the last Legislature
iture to every personal state-
I < r, whether it concerns the li
that law the evidence? have
I that it i re traint of the freedom
i.i is not abused until its privi
are violated, and for such violation the law
i an ample remedy.
ntion of wireless telegraphy has
ony against the law. Mar-
York Bay acting as a
: ill and the Herald. His relation is
c two p; pers. He dr.es not act for
ss nor for any news association.
■ ter of two newspapers, using a
sion which makes his signature, in
uired by this law. impossible.
that on the racing yachts or the fleet
its an incident should occur be
re parties in which the part taken
Marconi, doing his
• it to The Call. It would come from
him to us in two minutes, would be bulletined and
I, but it would violate the law and lay us,
iture law, liable to a heavy cash penalty
ny informer who might choose to
V. citing us into court on his com
■l. it may be confidently affirmed that this
re law, if upheld in the courts, would so
Marconi's discovery as to make
as a means of prompt trans
:" news. In this way a discovery of the
mankind, calculated to revo
tric transmission, to increase human
■ and to cheapen the means of its transmis
pendent of the accidents and
ittend transmission by wire, would, in
it- i ect, be practically outlawed in
irnia. No one objects to a strict law of libel
train mere malice in a newspaper or to induce
luct Such a law does not hamper
in the exercise of any legitimate function.
ure law does not add to protection
: lakes no reputation any safer, nor the
kless newspaper any less keen; but
er the whole press, white, black and
i .'. alike, without discrimination, in its legitimate
tting and printing news.
, we admit that laws may not be objectionable
rotect the field of proper usc
they obviously re
nd diminish such usefulness they are
Such appears to be this signature law,
and t upon the use of such an invention
Marconi's it is in the spirit of the middle ages
and is on a par with a law that might forbid the
i modern perfecting press machinery and com
pel a return to the old Franklin hand press, on
which, by continuous "'pulling the devil's tail" for
a month, a pressman might produce as many papers
as ! machinery dors in twenty minutes.
md detectives have satisfied themselves that
sperate burglars who almost murdered an
< >aklander the other night took no chances. The
detectives might also reach the conclusion that the
re unable to take anything else simply lie
of tile timely intervention of a Winchester ritle.
Mr Dodge is perhaps the first local pleader
public place who ever introduced the "lightning
ulator" burlesque into political campaigning.
He seems to have overlooked a trick of the trade,
ever, in not having prepared for gratuitous cir
tion a pamphlet on the Dodge virtues, by Dodge.
The Queen of England wants the House of Com
provide the ways and means necessary to
ecute a British policy in South Africa. It is
perhaps fair to assume, therefore, that the next
budget will contain specific directions for dodging
Boer bullets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1599.
BARRETT DISPLEASED.
IT seems by reports from the East that the Hon.
Barrett was displeased with our people
during his tour on this coast as an Asiatic com
mercial expert.
He has taken our commercial classes severely to
task is them up as victims to obtuseness of
mind and lethargy of enterprise.
This is a mood of mind common to gentlemen who
fall into the habit of considering themselves "the whole
thing." They are apt to conclude that indifference
to their treatment of a subject is indifference to the
subject itself. If an expert apostle of trade should
come, telling us that expansion of our commerce
depends on a study of the moon, or that the profits
of deep water trade are dominated by the <- : rrn of
the Zodiac in which we go down to the sea in ships,
it could not well be charged that we don't want
trade because we failed to be enthusiastic over its
lunar or zodiacal aspect.
The New York Journal of Commerce voices Mr.
Barrett's displeasure with the coast in a long edi
torial which swings into the great cycles of com
mercial development and sees mystery in the natural
process of producing a surplus and finding a mar
ket lor it. The trade of this coast has risen with the
increase in the surplus products of its labor. As far
rnia is concerned the swell has been more
: than in the case of other States because of the
great variety of our products and resources. New
York had been under exploitation two centuries
nearly before it had a volume of external trade equal
to that enjoyed by California as the result of fifty
years of development. Yet the Journal of Com
merce, voicing Mr. Barrett, says that until the Pacific
States wake up "there will be a poor prospect for
those States to enter into the magnificent heritage
which nature has prepared for them." The nature
of that heritage is then stated as having been
pointed out by an English writer. This Englishman
says: "At present the greater part of the trade be
tween the United States and China is conducted by
way of New York and the Suez canal, but we shall
find a ready market for our surplus of iron and
steel manufactures in the development of railways
and general industry in China, and it will be found
not by way of Suez, but by our own vessels sailing
. out of our own ports on the Pacific."
The Journal of Commerce adds: "Yet to all this
the business men of the Pacific States seem to be
singularly obtuse. In his recent tour down the
i coast, in the course of which he addressed most of
I the commercial bodies, the Hon. John Barrett found
ready and appreciative listener?, but failed to evoke
the ( nthusiastic response which was readily forth
coming to his appeals in the East."
In hi to the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce Mr. Barrett told us of two things that
must be done to increase our oriental trade. First,
we must elect another United States Senator, and,
! second, we inu-i dig the .Nicaragua canal. He
this with the information that New York
■ rade now, though San Fran
the nearer seaport.
From New York to Calcutta by the Capo
of Good Hope the distance is 12,180 miles; to
Hon| tis ip.590 miles. By the Suez canal it
is 10,4 itta and 12, n0 to Hongkong.
From San Francisco to Hongkong it is 638] miles,
so that we now enjoy an advantage of 7209 miles
over New York by Good Hope to Hongkong and
by Suez. This advantage will be reduced by
more than 3000 miles by the construction of the
mal. It will put New York tha* much
nearer the Orient, but will leave San Francisco right
where she is. Now it may be obtuse in our mer
chants not to see how oriental trade is to be taken
from New York by decreasing her mileage to reach
'• r - ! ' c Journal of Commerce can explain it,
but Mr. Barrett certainly did not.
There are reasons why California wants the canal,
but increase in her oriental trade is not among them.
We understand that the profit of commerce lies in
producing a greater surplus of what the Orient wants
taking mure of the surplus the Orient has to
spare. New York, in spite of greater distance, has
that trade now. We may get it by finding out what
the Orient takes from New York and producing it
here. Then we get the advantage of our shorter
■ transportation by sea.
But the origin of commerce being of the earth,
earthy, does not seem to concern experts like Mr.
ett.
Death seems now to be the great overshadowing
ality of the Philippines. The time was when
ith and not the mode of death was the impor
tant element in the record of destroyed American
soldiers. Now in the official reports the names of
the dead are hidden under a hideous category of fatal
diseasj
It is announced that a millionaire English so.ip
manufacturer will try next year to win the America
challenge cup. He will probably find that it will
take more than a greasing of the. ways to turn out
a yacht that is worth the racing.
UNIFORM DIVORCE LAWS.
rOR a long time past tiiere has been an agita
tion in this country directed against the evils
resulting from the laxity of the divorce laws in
several of the States and the conclusion which has
followed the contradictory decisions of the courts
on the effect of a divorce in one State upon the re
lations of the parties in another. The subject was
taken under consideration at the conference of
the Commissioners on Uniform State Laws last
August and a report has now been issued setting
forth the plan by which the Commissioners hope to
bring about uniformity in the statutes on the sub
ject.
The Commissioners recommend a law providing
that no divorce shall be granted in any State for a
cause arising out of the State which is not ground
for divorce in the State where it occurred; that
no person shall be entitled to divorce in any State
who has not had an actual residence in that State
for at least a year; that no person shall be entitled
to divorce unless the defendant shall have been per
sonally served with process if within the State or
with personal notice duly authenticated if out of the
State; that no divorce shall be granted except upon
trial before the court in open session; that after di
vorce either party may marry again; that divorces
shall he granted only for adultery, extreme cruelty,
habitual drunkenness or the confirmed habit of in
toxication arising from alcoholic drinks, or from
drugs, conviction of felony or continuous desertion
for a term of years.
It is stated in the report that the bill is the
carefully studied result of the three days' conference,
after going ovei the draft reported by the committee
on divorce. It goes over for final action another
year, as is usual with all the recommendations of the
conference, that it may be submitted to the Commis
sioners who were not present at the meeting. Of
course it is subject to change at the next conference
if found unadapted in expression to the jurisdictions
not represented at Buffalo. Otherwise it is put out
as a finished bill, embodying the decision of the con
ference on that branch of the subject.
It is the opinion of the Commissioners that the bill
presented by them is adapted to prevent to a large
extent the migratory divorces by which the laws of
one State are practically nullified by a temporary
residence in another State, to render less easy frauds
on courts and to give the respondent fuller opportun
ity for defense, and especially to make the final ef
fect of divorce the same all over the Union.
Every effort so far to bring about something of
order out of the confusion of the divorce laws of the
country has been so futile that the public will not
have much confidence in the success of the new ven
ture. The Commissioners, however, direct attention
to the fact that the uniform law on negotiable in
struments perfected by their conference in 1896 has
now been adopted by fifteen States and by Congress
for the District of Columbia. From that they draw
good auguries of the eventual success in the move
ment for uniform divorces. It is certain that a
strong backing will be given to their efforts, and
therefore the outlook for reform is by no means so
hopeless as it appears at first view.
From the very negative sort of young man he
seemed to be in San Francisco, Consul Wildman at
Hongkong appears to have become a bloodthirsty
personage. Letters from him just published by
Aguinaldo indicate that he advised the Filipino chief
tain to shed enough blood to force the Spaniards to
a taste of real war.
The announcement comes from Washington that
the retirement of General Shaffer has paved the way
for the promotion of five brigadier generals. In
spite of adverse criticism the commander of the De
partment of California seems to be a pretty big man.
REPLANTING BURNED FORESTS.
T \EPORTS from Pasadena concerning a move
k-/ ment there to undertake an extensive experi
ment in replanting forest land which has been
burned over are both interesting and encouraging.
By reason of the many fires which have occurred in
the woods of that section the people have been im
pressed with the need of forest protection and
preservation, and some of the more enterprising
among them, acting in concert with the officials of
the Government, have devised a plan of immediate
action from which much good may be expecte4
It appears that by reason of the fires the water
sheds in the vicinity of the city have been denuded,
and it is known that unless the trees can be made
to grow in the mountains the city's water supply
will go. Water has been very scarce all summer, so
scarce, indeed, that street sprinkling had to be
stopped for a time in half the city, and some of the
higher situated residents could not get water in their
bathtubs.
The plan proposed for remedying the evil is to
cut fire tracks through the woods along all the ridges
to the main ridge of the mountains. These tracks
are to be paths six feet wide and are to be kept clear
of brush, so that they will serve to check the spread
of fires. To render them more effective, and at the
same time to provide for a new' growth of timber,
the hickory pine, a native of San Bernardino, is to
be planted along the paths. The tree is said to be
virtually fireproof and does not burn even when at
tacked by a strong flame. It is, moreover, a valu
able tree for timber purposes, for it is not only a
rapid grower but in some instances has been known
to attain a height of ioo feet.
It is of course desired that the Government co
operate in the work, and efforts will be made to
obtain an appropriation for that purpose, but the
people of Pasadena do not intend to wait for action
on the part of the national authorities before begin
ning the work themselves. They know the value of
self help and intend to resort to it.
It is stated that ex-Mayor Lukens and Mr. \V. G.
Kerkoff have arranged to provide Forest Rangers
Newcomb and Hart -.veil with seed of the hickory
pine so that the plantations may be started as soon
as possible. The first area to be planted is that
which has been burned over, as the growth of the
hickory pine there it is believed will protect the for
ests now standing. The canyons will also be planted
with the trees, because it is in them the fires usually
start.
The experiment promise? to be of great value »o
the State in many ways. In. the first place it will
encourage other localities to rely upon their own
energies instead of waiting for the slow-moving Gov
ernment to act, and, in the second place, if the plan
tations of hickory pine do well and prove as effi
cacious as is expected, an important lesson will have
been taught in California forestry. To the people
of Pasadena, therefore, a great deal of credit, is due,
and throughout the State the results of their energy
and their experiment will be watched with more than
ordinary interest.
The papers that have been suppressing all reports
of the wonderful work clone by wireless telegraphy
will have a hard time explaining to their readers
why the Government thinks of adopting it in the
navy and why a movement has been started to make
use of it for communication among the islands of the
West Indies.
An Oakland physician has had several Filipinos
who were performing in this city arrested for rob
bing him. The little brown men had evidently come
to the conclusion, from the treatment they received
from Americans, that tit for tat is. a commendable
American privilege.
How to induce the Democrats to vote straight
while coaxing Republicans to vote crooked is the
problem that rattles Mayor Phelan and explains the
frequency with which he puts his foot in it when he
opens his mouth to talk politics.
The Oakland woman who, having been stabbed by
her husband, fired a load of buckshot into him,
now refuses to testify against her spouse. She evi
dently believes that she is quite as able as the law
to take care of herself.
If Sir Thomas Lipton stick to his expressed deter
mination to return to the contest for the America's
cup until he wins it he will probably spend a good
part of the remainder of his life with us.
As the Boers have no direct communication with
the outer world reports from the war in South Africa
will come almost wholly from British sources, but
the end will tell which sides win the battles.
The report that the Filipino chieftain, Pio del Pilar,
is tired of war should have been that he is tired of
the foot-racing required to keep out of reach of it
when the Americans are moving.
In choosing a doctor to lead their ticket in the
municipal campaign the Populist leaders show they
know what their party needs, but perhaps an under
taker would have been better
MAI I +♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦ + +,+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
0 ♦ From South Africa Military Camps to the X
l~nP "*" *■
L'lu *+++++++ + + + + + + + + +++ +♦ + + ♦♦♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+ + + +<>-
/£ || <£ondon &aily telegraph.
N^dli ++ + ♦ + + + + + ♦ + + ♦ + + + + ♦♦♦♦ + + + + + + + ♦ + + + + + + + + ♦♦£
X Across the Atlantic to the 1
fipK ' X +
\JCLa ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦ +♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦
Ik /few t/ork fterald.
++ ++ +++++++ + + + + + + ++W ++++++ + + + + + + +++ ++ ♦ +
11/ 3 X Over the Continent to the ♦
JNOU/5 I Jan francisco Call,
Very recently The San Francisco Call completed arrangements with the New York Herald
and the London Daily TelegTaph whereby the three papers should dispatch special war corre-
spondents to the field of operations between the British and the Boers in South Africa. The Daily
Telegraph, one of England's very greatest newspapers, commands an influential position for obtain-
ing inside information regarding movements of British troops and ships. Its record in gathering
war news in the Franco-Prussian war, in the Chino-Japanese war and in the Soudan campaigns,
was unsurpassed. The New York Herald's supremacy in obtaining foreign war news and transmit-
ting it to this country is clearly unassailable.
Through this powerful combination in the newspaper world The Call will continue to fur-
nish its readers with the earliest and most reliable information of the war in South Africa.
WHEN BRYAN STUMPS KENTUCKY.
The Colonel—That motto's wrong. It should be t'other way.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. M. McDonald, a mine owner of Sono
ra, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. P. A. Levering, U. S. N., is at the
Occidental with his wife.
A. H. Davis, a lucky miner from Alaska,
is registered at the Grand.
Dr. C. G. Lamberson, an attorney of
Visalia, Is a guest at the Lick.
C. L. Wilson, one of the leading citizens
of Antioch, is a guest at the Palace.
R. S. Bradstreet, a prominent business
man of Boston, is a guest at the Palace.
B. W. Churchill, the Napa banker, is at
the Palace. His wife accompanies him.
Major George M. Downey, U. S. A., is
registered at the Palace with his family.
General T. W. Sheehan of the Sacra
mento Record-Union Is at the Occidental.
Jasper Harrell, a prominent rancher of
Vlsalia, is among the late arrivals at the
Lick.
H. Barnhart, the well known Santa Cruz
business man, is at the Lick for a few
days.
James F. Peck, an Influential attorney
of Merced, is registered for a short stay
at the Lick.
B. W, Purvis, a wealthy resident of
Honolulu, is at the Occidental, accompa
nied by his family.
Thomas C. Ellis, a traveler from Lon
don, is at the Palace, where he arrived
yesterday morning.
Granville Bevan and R. G. Elphiston,
two young Englishmen traveling for pleas
ure, are registered at the Palace.
C. B. Shaver, superintendent of the
Fresno Flume and Lumber Company, is
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Judge J. E. Prewett has come down
from his home in Auburn to spend a few
days in the city. He is registered at the
Lick.
W. A. Mclntosh, a wealthy mining man
of Vancouver, B. C, is staying at the
Grand while on a short business trip to
this city.
R. W. Chapman, a wealthy and prom
inent business man of South Australia, is
at the California, where he arrived yes
terday on the Moana.
Colonel F. S. Chadbourne. H. J. Barling
and F. O. Rippidan left last night to in
spect some oil properties of Fresno Coun
ty in which they are heavily interested.
Captain O. F. Bolles, United States In
spector of Steam Vessels, left for 3an
Diego yesterday on official business. He
will return early next week.
R. Gilman Brown, who is largely inter
ested in mining properties in this State. Is
at the Palace accompanied by his wife.
They have been spending some time at
San Rafael.
Julius Ausbach, a prominent business
man o£ Cape Town, is at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday on the Moana.
accompanied by his wife. He is on his
way home to London and registers from
that place.
Dr. P. J. H. Farrell. late surgeon of thel
"Fighting First," is at the Palace ae-l
companied by his wife and their daughter.!
Miss Farrell. They have closed up their
summer home at San Mateo and have
taken rooms at the hotel for the winter.
Chinese Inspector H. E. Tlppett. one of
the most industrious and reliable officers !
of the Chinese Bureau, started last night '
on a trip to his home at Point Pleasant, i
W. Va., to spend a month's vacation. Mr. !
Tippett left with the good wishes of all
hla associates.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— George C. Board
man and wife of San Francisco, Frederick
! E. Magee and wife of Oakland, are at the
; Fifth avenue. H. J. Scott, L. J. Scott. A.
Chesebrough, S. J. Ackerman, of San
| Francisco, and J. K. Batcher of Sacra
! mento are at the Hoffman. Matthew Gage
of Riverside is at the Manhattan; J. H.
Glide and wife and Miss Glide, of Sacra
mento, are at the Savoy.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
■FIVE CENTS— E. G. V., City. A five ;
cent nickel without the word cents is
worth live cents and no more.
AMERICAN FLAG— G. B. R., Oakland,
Cal. The union in an American flag i
; should be the depth of seven stripes and
a Httle less than one-half of the length of i
i the flag.
TO SAN BLAS— A. O. S., San Jose, Cal. !
The distance from San Francisco to Sari
Bias, Jalisco County, Mexico, is by steam- '
er 1476 miles. The fare is $50 cabin and $25 ,
steerage.
WELLS IN MONTEREY-H. S. C,
Monterey. Cal. An article on the sinking ;
of the well at the head of the Carmel
River, in Monterey County, appeared m
The Call of December 11, IS&S.
LOTTERY-S., City. The charter to tne I
Louisiana lottery was granted by the Leg- j
islature of Louisiana in 186 S. the charter '
to run for twenty-five years from the Ist !
of January, 1S6!). The bill became a law ;
without the signature nf the Governor
The first drawing was held in the first
part of the year last named.
VOTING IN WASHINGTON, D. C— G.
H., Oakland. Cal. A resident of the city'
of Washington, D. C. cannot vote for I
Presidential electors, and the fact that he i
cannot vote for such is not in contraven- !
tion of the constitution of the United j
States, for the reason that only residents
and voters of States of the Union .-ast
ballots for Presidential electors, and tne
District of Columbia is not a State. The
Inhabitants of Territories do not vote ftr
Presidential electors.
WOMEN IN SALOONS— L. W.. City.
There is no law In San Francisco that will
prevent a woman from entering a liquor
saloon to purchase a drink and drink it
there the same as a man if she should
feel so inclined. The constitution "f tin'
State declares that "'no person shall "ii
j account of sex be disqualified from
! ing upon or pursuing any lawful busim *.-.
| vocation or profession." Selling lirjunr
being licensed, is recognized as a lawful
business. A woman can carry on a liquor
raloon. and that being the case a v
i cannot be inhibited from entering a liquor
i saloon and buying liquor.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, corner
Mason and California streets: open daily.*
Every traveler ought to see Town?eni!'<
display of California glace fruits. 50c Ib, in
fire-etched boxes. fi.'T Mrkt, Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied dally to
I business bouses and public men by t..e
Press Clipping Bureau (A
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Doctor— l will leave you this medicine
to take after each meal.
Mike— And will y. z be koind enough to
leave the menl. too, dochtor?
The Rock Island Wall Map of tha
United States
Is the best offered to the public. It Is rerv
large and specially adapted to school pur
poses. Every teacher of geography and every
business office should have one. ft will be sent
post paid to any nrMress on receipt of fifteen
cents In postage stamps or coins. Address John
Sebastian, G. P. A.. Chicago. 111.
When your appetite deserts you Just try 10
to 20 drops of Dr. Slpgerfs Angostura Bitters
in sherry or port win* before meals.
Scene in a " Menagerie.— Lion Tamer-
Halloa, here comes my wife! Let me get
into a place of safety. (Jumps into the
cage.)
FORTUNES
Will Be Made
By those who invest in the
stock of the
Big Panoche
Oil Company.
Stock is now selling at a price
that will net. the investor V>w%
when oil is struck.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
411-412-413-414 ADAMS BUILDING.
206 Kearny Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Our stock is listed on the Califor-
nia Oil Exchange.CHEERING SIGNS OF
REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH
Leading Citizens Coming Into
Line for Horace Davis.
Eloquent Speakers Engaged for the Mass-
Meeting To-Night— District Rallies
to Begin Monday.
CHEERING reports of Republican I
In district organization
hourly received at the head
quarters of the Republican County
imlttee in the Baldwin Annex. ,
.. the campaign will open in the
ere will be three meetings
- Sunday excepted, until the
• Republicans will rally at
d Hall to listen to eloquent
vs. The audience Will be addr
olonel T. V. Eddy. D.
ly, Lucius L. Solomons and E.
I Ex-Senator Eugene F.
■.real do and introduce the
The Republicans are not making the |
mistake of underrating the strength of ;
the opposition. The tact is «ell under- j
stood that Mayor Phelan is a plausible .
talker. It is. known that he can go south |
of Market street and catch applause as i
v straight-out Democrat of tree-silver j
propensities and within the next hour ap- :
peal to voters in another quarter of the i
city for support on the ground of his |
non-partisan and sound-money senti
ments. The Mayor fooled the people
twice by such political tactics, but the ,
voters are now "on to his curves."
Before the present campaign opened ;
The Call secured Information that Phelan j
in the campaign last year addressed vot- |
ers In Democratic districts south of Mar
ket streets, telling them that he was a
iree-silver man, and the same evening an- j
nounced to an audience in a Republican j
district that he had always stood for
sound-money principles.
Early in the present campaign The Call j
deemed it wise to engage expert steno- :
graphers to take down, word for word, j
what the Mayor said to Democratic audl- |
ti-.eis to catch the Democratic vote. On
August 4, four days before the primary ;
election! there was a mass-meeting: at I
Metropolitan Hall, called by Gavin Mc-
Nab's Committee of one Hundred. Gavin
McNab was there in the flesh behind the
scenes. Jasper McDonald was there. The
candidates subsequently placed on the i
Phelan ticket were there, as they knew
at that time that they would get the coy- |
eted nominations if McXab gained control
of the convention.
Mayor Phelan addressed the meeting,
and in his speech declared that the Re
publican party was composed of men who
prey upon the public revenues and avoid
their share of taxation. He Droclaimed I
in favor of party lines in municipal af- !
fairs, uttering these words:
Now. that ballot law adopted by
the last Legislature magnifies enor
mously the importance of party con- j
ventions. We all have to be party I
men now. We have to carry out re- j
forms within the party. We all have i
to be party politicians; we can't be j
independents and go before the peo
pie and say we •will do thus and so.
We have to get behind the party and
make it the instrument and agency
it work.
■ ■ :■ rcelves that ths
: ■ rallying: to his sup
lasm which he ex
. the Metropoll
• ■••• he is appeal
ans to givu him as a non
mpathy. Phelan
- a Democrat by appeal
: ■ p irtisan. It is a
- are suspicious of
"' my of them suspect that he
• the knifing of Judge Maguire
era! electi The fact
• Patton ami Maguire were
< and a winning
ige and Phelan.
nnot vote for Phelan
ct un
i publicly apolo-
Ive declaration mad©
tropolitan Ttmple August
And when Mr. Lane says he is
surprised that the Republican party
has not at any time inspired the con
fidence of the people notwithstanding
the fact that it had with it such men
as Abraham Lincoln, he can be easily
answered when we tell him that the
personnel of the party is composed
ilingly— and you see it in the
—of the men who prey upon the
Lc revenues and avoid their share
xation and who subsist upon
special privileges.
lean speakers at Metro
n Hall to-night need have no hesita
: gtng tylayor Ph< ;tter
ing tl tbove quoted, as Th» Call
□ of a verbatim report of
i. The speech to a
audience in Metro]
i tay not be out of pla
resent the aspersi.
H al 1 .
•i dissensions in the For
ty-tl bly District are in a fair
way of adjustment. Next Tuesday even
i ig, at California Hall, a Horace Davis
Republican <"lub will be organized under
the executive committee
Republican County Committee, it
■ existing clubs agree
tnent
three rousing Republican
GRAND
REPUBLICAN
RALLY!
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
this evening, October 21
ISSUES OF
THE DAY DISCUSSED.
HON. HORACE DAVIS,
COL. T. V. EDDY,
HON. D. E. McKINLAY,
MR. LUCIUS L. SOLOMONS,
MR. E MYRON WOLF
And Oikr tmineat takers.
HON. EUGENE F. BERT WILL PRESIDE.
rallies next Monday night The Thirty
first District Republicans -will rally at
Teutonia Hall, on Howard street, between
Ninth and Tenth. The Republicans of the
Thirty-fourth District will cheer the can
didates in Mission Opera Hall. Republi
cans of the Thirty-fifth District will hold
a big meeting at 3295 Mission street.
race Davis and other candidates will
address the people. Other speakers will be
heard and the occasion in each district
will be enlivened by music and bonfires.
The campaign in the districts will be con
ducted with spirit and vigor until the bal
lots are cast.
CANDIDATE BLACK
UPHELD BY LABOR
The greater portion of last nlghfs ses
sion of the Labor Council was devoted to
a discussion on the standing of A. P.
Black, the Republican nominee for Dis
trict Attorney. The Musicians' Union,
through its delegate, A. Dijeau, labored
hard and assiduously to have the council
Itself on record as ordering a polit
ical boycott on A. P. Black's candidacy.
By way of fortifying his argument in
this respect the delegate stated that Mr.
I<lack favored the employment of non
union musicians in the Western Addition
Literary and Social organization of which
he (Black) was the. president, notwith
standing that he was at one time the
president of the Musicians' Union. To
straighten this charge out; and place the
matter fully and fairly before the council,
Mr. Black sent in a communication in
which appeared extracts from the min
utes of two of the meetings of the West
ern Addition Society, in which it was of
record that he was its president at the
time of the alleged employment of the
non-union musicians. The minutes showed
that he opposed the employment of the
Hynes band, which was charged with be
ing a "scab organization. These undis
. extracts were ignored by the musi
egates, who stil! insisted on hav
ing the council go on record as issuing
a political boycott.
The good Judgment of the majority of
the delegates prevailed, however, and the
"("■•st tint the Musicians' Union got was
on order that their protest be plac<
the minutes of the council as being the
voice of the Musicians' Union, which
body, It was stated., would not vote for
Black. The Labor Council declined I
a party to any such undertaking, leaving
its members and tho unions i •
by its delegates free to vote as they may
see tit.
TALKED TO THE ECHOES.
Democratic Orators Face the
Dreary Emptiness of
Saratoga Hall.
The elements combined last night to
make the mass meeting of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District anything but a
success. The place of meeting, Saratoga
Ha!i, was dreary in its emptiness, but 1L"
the crowd was small ft made up in en
thusiasm what it lacked In numbers. Dr.
R. Beverly Cole was the first speaker of
the evening. The venerable physician
begged his hearers to believe that he
- the office of Coroner to elevate it
to that dignity it deserves. A general
plea for the entire Democratic ticket.
the physicians address, and Judge
Mogan was introduced. The only signii
cant part of his speech was a plea that
voters cast their ballots for four Police
Judges. This remark was called forth by
an impassioned protest delivered by
George H. Cabaniss the night before. He
and his well-wishers havt- very good rea
son to believe that the friends of Judges
Mogan and Conlan intend to "plump" for
them and sacrifice Cabaniss and Fritz.
Cabanlss naturally does not like the ar
rangement and objects. Mogan attempt
ed last night to close the breach. When
it came the turn of (. abaniss to -
he said nice things of Mogan and noth
ing else in particular.
Osgood Putnam was again chosen to
represent the Supervisorial nominees. Mr.
Putnam ought to get a new speech. The
one he has used since the beginning of
the campaign is becoming tiresome, al
though it possesses the merit of being
offensive. In paying a tribute last night
to Joseph Tobin, one of the Supervisorial
nominees, Mr. Putnam said that Tobln Is
t the family that controls the Hiber
nia Bank, "that splendid Institution,"
Putnam, "which takes can of ;!.•
rr.oney of poor people so much better than
! r people can take care of it them
selves."
After Putnam had concluded Patrick
Boland was given an opportunity to tell
what he will do if elected Public Admin
istrator. Franklin K. Lane sang the old
song of the charter, told the story of mu
nicipal home rule and pleaded for votes.
Joseph Cumming, the nominee for Audi
tor, was one of the most enthusiastically
received speakers of the evening. He
pleaded for the success of the entire
ticket, referring incidentally to his own
qualifications for the position of Auditor.
Jeremiah Deasy was introduced as an
honest Supervisor, and seemed to feel it
keenly. He spoke briefly and was followed
in succession by Assessor Dodge, J. P
Booth, Edmund Godchaux, H. P. Doolan,
Major Dennis Geary and Alfred J. Fritz.
Mayor Phelan was then Introduced as
the leading speaker of the evening. His
Honor had Just swum in from Grove
»?i' l> -} he chairman said, and the voice
of the Mayor was corroborative evidence
He was , extremoly hoarse. For the first
time in the campaign ho had nothing to
,fh& ,t lI X p!e '§ :nd hl c hearers, however,
that if they elect a Democratic Board of
Supervisors Its members all will be hon
est men-and the Mayor knows what is
£l/> i e of pol tlcal Prophets. He reiter
• At }£* conclusion o) . .; „„ w . rts
%asssn.h s £cMs
Us, Judge Conlan and KXu pShlfdel"£
cr i e ?^ "i? 0 * . addresses and the meeting
which had dwindled to less than ahun'
ticket. gaVe three Cheers for "he"
HAYES VALLEY SUFFERS
Democrats Brave the Storm
and Listen to Their
Candidate-.
While Democrats as a rulo do not tak*
kindly to water, several of them bravea
the storm last ni*ht to attend a pow
wow at Howry's Opera-houae on Grove
street. All of the candidates wore there
and nearly every one of them had
thing good to say of himself.
Dodge came In the second relay ,■■.,•
lUdlence had melted away to a hand
ful of men and a little yellow pup that
ted upon yelping at the most inoo
portune moments. As a consequence there
was not as much suffering In Hayes Val
ley last night as there might have been
had the man with the charts inflicted
his arguments on more of the residents
There was a band, but like some of the
talk of the candidates, it was a little out
of tune. The valley Is reputed to be a
Democratic stronghold, and strange as It
may appear, nearly every speaker on the
long list claimed to have been born and
raised In the section, and consequently to
be entitled to all of the vote* that would
be Moating: around on election day. A. jb.
llapulre called the meeting to order and
named Charles Swelgert ac chairman of
the evening. Mr. Sweigert Is known as
the silver-tongued orator of Hayes Val
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
MAIL STEAMSHIP
MOANA ARRIVES
FROM AUSTRALIA
Beats Hongkong Maru
From Honolulu.
THE PHILIPPINE A BEAUTY
SHE WILL MAKE HER MAIDEN
VOYAGE TO MANILA.
The Lottie Bennett Launched at Port
Blakeley Last Wednesday — Lil
liebonne Coining Here for
Repairs — Notes.
The mall steamer Moana arrived from
Sydney. N. S. W.. via Auckland, New Zea
land, Apia, Samoa, and Honolulu, Ha
j waiian Islands, yesterday. She was off the
Farallones Thursday night, but owing to
the thick, dirty weather Captain Carey
did not attempt to make port. When the
fog lifted a little yesterday morning the
vessel was put on her course ajid came
along under a slow bell.
The Hongkong Maru from China and I
Japan reached Honolulu while the Moana
was there, a day ahead of time. She was i
I to have sailed for San Francisco ten hours \
\ after the Moana and there was a lot of j
| betting- that the Maru would make up the |
lost time and beat the Moana into port, j
Some of the Moana's passengers Joined In •
the belief that the Hongkong Maru would
reach port first, and one of them. Dr. Har- '
I tog, changed over to the China steamer '
| because ot his belief. He backed up his !
assertion with a wager of a basket of j
champagne and will have the pleasure of '
; .tying it as soon as the Hongkong Maru
gets alongside the wharf.
The Hongkong Maru and Moana will
have a chance to measure speed on their
next voyage, as they both leave for Hono
lulu the same day.
The last time the Moana left here for
the colonies the Gaelic sailed for the Ori
j ent. Both vessels were in splendid trim
and an exciting race was expected. The
Gaelic got away thirteen hours in the lead j
owing to the Moana being delayed waiting 1
for the English mails. Once started, how- i
ever, the Moana wasted no time and the
result was that she reached Honolulu two ■
hours and a half ahead of the Gaelic, thus
beating her fifteen and a half hours.
The Moana brought 60 cabin and 120
Bteerage passengers. She also broght up t
$1,132,750 in treasure coiurgned to the Bank i
of British North Annrica and the London, j
Paris and American Hank. The overdue ;
American ship Charles E. Moody had not !
arrived at Honolulu when the Moana left
there. She Is now oui 185 (lays, and 50 pi r
reinsurance is In-ing paid on vessel
and «'iirßo.
While the Moana was In Sydney the
: States Government made an effort
her for a transport. A large sum
was offered for the use of the steamer.
but the owners would not agree to the
price, to the deal fell through. The big
mail steamer would have made a model
; transport.
The new four-masted topsail schooner
Philippine docks at Mission-street wharf
 She is tha first vessel with ai
raised poop deck ever built by Hay &
Wright, and is as pretty a craft as has j
ever been turned out of a shipyard. No |
• spense has been spared in fitting her out,
and in consequence there is not a point to j
cavil at in the Philippine from stem to j
stern, from keelson to truck. Her cabins
are beautifully finished in hard wood, and
all the latest appliances for handling j
freighi have been put aboard.
: ne is 162 feet long, 37 feet j
broad and i 2 feet C inches deep, and will
Carry 750.000 feet of lumber. Captain Lar- 1
! sen, formerly of the R. W. Bartlett, will :
command her and Martin Sanders is the 1
managing owner. From here she goes to
Puget Sound to load lumber fur Manila.
She has a splendid charter of 60 shillings j
I a thousand, Deing the second vessel to get
i that figure.
The schooner Lllliebonne is coming here >
'■ from San Pedro in ballast. She had a very
', rough trip down the coast from Eureka
. and sprang aleak. She comes here for
:rs.
The new schooner Lottie Bennett was
• launched from Hall Brothers' yard. Port j
1 Blakeley. yesterday. She will carry 750,000 |
feel ''f lumber and will take her first load :
! from Port Gamble to Hllo.
Captain J. W. Wallace of the bark J. B.
Walker was married in Manila on Septem
ber 27 to a daughter of United States Con
i SUI Williams. Captain Wallace is well j
known in this port, his father being one j
of the pilots, before which he was master
i of the vessel his son now commands. Mrs.
i Wallace will come back to San Francisco
! with her husband.
The- steamer Pomona will not sail again
for Eureka until the 2tUh inst. Her ma
chinery is being overhauled.
The Walla Walla from Puget Sound did
not make port until 9 p. m. Thursday. Shu
was eight hours late owing to the south
east gale.
What were surmised tobe the remains of
"Will A. Snow were Been off Goat Island
yesterday by the captain of the gasoline
launch Jennie C. An attempt to recover it
I. A dozen boats were soon out
but i:'>ne of them succeeded in
relocating the body.
ley, and he sustained his reputation dur
ing the course of the meeting. His flights
•v. ry eloquence were rjuite beyond
the comprehension of the audience, and
some one was unkind enough to advise
him to "talk American."
Dennis Geary, the "major,'* started the
I jawbone exercises. He said that he was
on the firing line again, sniffing powder,
and expected to capture the enemy's
earthworks on the 7th day of next No
vember, lie was followed by a long line
of lesser lights, who made pleasant re
| marks about themselves. Mayor Phelan
I wound up the first half of the programme.
He was given a very good reception. He
; repeated his address about corporations
and other things that he claims to dis
like, and then took occasion to deny that
i he had ever attributed all of the glories
of the war to Democratic soldiers or had
ever Intimated that there had been no
Republican soldiers in the Philippines. He
I admitted that the charter was not en
| tirely the creation of the Democrats, and
acknowledged that the Republicans had
j considerable to do with it.
Amog the speaker^ who followed. Police
: Judge Charles J. Conlan was given con
siderable applause. Assessor Dodge
; brought up the end of the proces
! sion. His charts were also there. He
' had recovered from the attack of political
1 biliousness that had possession of him
. the night before and had nothing unkind
to say of the newspapers that opposed
I him*, and saw some bright things in life
! besides Dodge.
DEMOCRATIC BANNER.
Dr. Cleveland, People's Party
Candidate for Mayor,
Will Uphold It.
Dr. Charles D. Cleveland, the People's
party nominee for Mayor, is in the fight
and in it to stay, so he declares.
"I intend to make an open fight for the
Mayoralty," raid the doctor, "and I feel
pleased with the assurance given me by
my friends and friends of the party.
"The platform of the People 1 * 'party
Is but a continuation of the principles of
Jefferson, that the welfare and freedom
of the people must be protected at all
hazards.
"I am a Democrat— not a municipal
Democrat alone, but a Democrat with
Democratic principles on State and na
tional issues, too. We have in our hearts
a warm feeling for James G. Maguire.
"We sustained him in Sacramento because
he does not confine his Democratic prin
ciples solely to municipal politics.
"With the power vested '.n the Mayor
under the new charter a nominee should
not only be educated and experienced but
should also be a publicist; should bear his
r thoroughly inscribed that ail his
fellow-citizens may be able to cry aloud'
'There Is my banner." To label oneself"
a Democrat without proclaiming the doc
trine and principle or his creed Is empty
meaningless, weak and Idiotic.
"Our politics must be composed of an
entity and not made up of scraps and
threads disjointed by the space of time
that divides municipal and State and na
tional elections."
A ratiilcation meeting of the People's
pnrty will be held at a date to be an
nounced hereafter.
SINGER ELLIOTT
BROKE UP SHOW
AND IS FOOLED
Journeyed Many Miles
But in Vain,
MANAGER REPORTED HIM ILL
THEN HE TURNED UP TO SAY
HE WAS WELL.
Local Comedy of Errors in Which
Several Well Known Local En
tertainers Unwillingly Fig
ured Monday Night.
Two towns are laughing over the mis- j
hap that befell the Knickerbocker Quar- j
tet and their company on Monday night !
last. They were to give a performance
at Petaluma, but failed to connect, and !
the story of that failure is the cause of :
the merriment mentioned before. The :
Knickerbockers are the following: Her
bert Williams, William Elliott, Douglass
Crane and L. A. Larsen. Tljey were to be
assisted at Petaluma by C. B. Newton,
elocutionist ; J. Warren .Lucy, pianist;
and Miss Shipley, cornetlst. The arrange
ment was that all the company were to
take the 5 p. m. Tiburon boat. When the
boat started a round-up was made by the
manager of the aggregation. To his grief
and to the consternation of all, Elliott
was missing. He was not on the boat.
Here was a "pretty how de do!" Once
another member of the company— one of
the quartet— had failed to connect when
a concert was to be given In Nevada
County. The unsympathetic mountain
eers, when three singers only filed on the
stage to represent tne Quartet, gave the
heroic trio lirst the glassy eye, then, be
coming heated, they hissed the dlscom
llted singers from the stage. An ironclad
agreement was then entered into between
the singers and the manager by which
the manager was given powers that
transcend those popularly supposed to be
vested in the Czar of all the Kusslas.
The passengers on the Tiburon boat were
hurrilied at some expressions that they
heard concerning the missing Elliott.
There were threats that would have
blanched the hair of the missing vocalist
like to driven snow. There were words
of despair and woe to move the Sphinx
to tears. _
"It is no use to go on to Petaluma.
This was the general conclusion of the
company before the boat had touched the
nortii short- of the buy. There was noth
ing left to do but telegraph to the people
at Petaluma that the entertainment was
off, and this was left to the ingenuity of
the manager to do properly. He was equal
to the occasion. The singers and their
allies went on the cars to San Rafai-1.
There they debarked and prepared to re
turn to this city, sad and depressed with
a sense of defeat. This was the message
that soon greeted the eyes of the manager
of the hall in Petaluma where the enter
tainment was to have been given:
"Elliott is sick. For that reason enter
tainment must be postponed."
When the party reached this city on
their return one of the Knickerbockers
volunteered to inquire, into the mysterious
tailure of Elite tt to connect. He went to
Oakland and ihere saw Mrs. Elliott. Thci
ludy was surprised to hear that Elliott
had not gone to Petaluma. She had no
knowledge of his whereabouts, and she
was alarmed when she found out that he
was missing.
In the meantime a gentleman carrying a
uress-sult case and wearing a look of ex
treme anxiety was riding from San Ra
fael at the top speed of a span of well
kept horses in thy» direction of Petaluma.
He reached that charming place 'ii due
tme, not long before the hour set for the
entertainment to begin. Ho put on a
drews suit hurriedly and sauntered around
to the hall. To his surprise there were no
lights in the hall. He hunted up the man
ager and asked some questions.
"it's no use, young man," answered that
Individual. "There will be no concert for
you to attend here to-night, and you may
just as well go home. I had a dispatch
from the manager of the Knickerbockers
from San Rafael saying that they could
not come because Elliott was sick."
"Great Scott, man! What are you talk
ing about? Why, I am Elliott."
The manager whistled. The vocalist
saw it all then, and grinned and prepared
to make the best of tne night in Petaluma.
His late trip across the bay and his hard
drive to Petaluma had been of no avail.
He had carriage hire to pay. and had lost
his expected returns from the entertain
ment that did not come off. Since then
the matter has all been patched up. An
other date has been fixed, and Petalumans
will find their tickets are still good.
Pattoslen Company stores are open Sat
urdays until 10 p. m. •
WEATHER CONDITIONS.
Tail End of a Storm Is Our Present
Visitor.
San Francisco was mixed up with the
tall end of a storm yesterday afternoon,
and now many people have cold feet. Mr.
McAdie of the Weather Bureau saya the
etorni is but a piece of the one now raging
In the north, broken off at the last mo
ment and lingering with wot persistence.
Not more than twelve hours will the slice
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8888888888888888888888
[Free Tickets!
S TO THE |
«3 gj
] Orpheum! )
« EB
H BUT TOUR gj
i Lenox and )
1 Ivory Soap I
m : w t"^ El
n< pave YOUR WRAPPERS AND b
I (.;et free tickets to the §
B ORPHEUM.
| The J6hnson=Locke 1
j The Johnson=Locke
| Mercantile Co., ■
CS ' 204 FRONT STREET, |
BAN FRANCISCO, B !
0 Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory £
|g Soap Wrappers * ■
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM ""
_ UNDiiIR THE FOLLOWING. CON- B
»| DITIONS: U!i £
1 '• If Tou Want a 25c Reserved Seat B
B Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
H 0r... 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP £
n Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX ™
■ SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
i If Tou Want a SOo Reserved Seat B
B 5end..... 50 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
0 0r.. ......24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 5
■ Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX 3
;■ SOAP and 12^ rappers of IVORY SOAP ™
8888888888888888888888
.£&s&. ELECTRIC BELTS.
sP^Ay 'l^^/'iVW* ?2r> - Largest manu-
t»L-L^vO- " lilSffl factu rers In the Uni-
ted States. No Quacks
ffWsF*&F*B&%33£ con ne<Med with this
v)v\^24^T^^«f\ establishment.
df PL';-' •:':: C 5" For particulars
'•Tt^"*" call ■■ or send 2c In
■Tr r ;: :"■ stamps for "Booklet
No. 2."'" Address
PIERCE ELEOTRIO CO., 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
. , -
of storm last— according to official fore
cast—and then It will be drunk dry by the
thirsty earth hereabouts. ,j
The storm, the rain part of which fell
upon this city yesterday afternoon and
last night, has covered the entire coast
north of San Francisco, leaving its
watery wake in the Sacramento galley
particulars. At Red Bluff a full inch
was recorded yesterday afternoon, with
more scheduled to fall to-day. In this
city we are ahead of last year's record,
which Is 1.75 inches. This was topped this
season at an early hour last night.
Some weather prophet of amateur
standing lost himpclf in the rain last night
and he went about trying to place money
that this would be the wettest year of
California's existence. The season of
1889-90 brought 52.27 inches to the State,
but he showed no respect for figures and
his wager is still open. If his forecast Is
true a banner wet season will replace that
of ISS9-90 on the books.
THREATENED TO BLOW
TOP OF DAY'S HEAD OFF
TWICE ARRESTED FOR ASSAULT -
ING GIRLS.
A Mother Warns Him in the City
Prison to Give Her Neighbor
hood a Wide Berth.
"Yes, he Is the man, sergeant," shouted
an excited woman in the City Prison last
night when a young carpenter, named F.
Tj. Day, was brought before her to be
identified as the person who assaulted
her young daughter at the corner of De
visadero and McAllister streets a little
over a year ago.
"And let me warn you, you miserable
wretch," continued the woman in earnest
tones, "that if you get out of this trouble
and I ever see you around my house I'll
blow the top of your head off."
It was only an hour before that Day,
who resides at the corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Devisadero street, was arrest
ed for having attempted to assault the
nine-year-old daughter of David Davis,
who resides at DIG Devisadero street. At
an opportune moment the little girl's
father arrived on the Bcene. and he gave
Day a sound drubbing and then turned
him over to Policeman Max Fenner, who
happened to be passing along on the cars.
Fenner took his prisoner to the O'Farrell
streel station, where he was charged with
battery. He was later transferred to the
City Prison, where he was identified as
having been arrested for the same offense
once before. Day has been a source of
annoyance and fear to the children of the
neighborhood. He is 24 years of age.
Dies of His Injuries.
MODESTO, Oct. 2Q.— Edward Purcell,
who was shot by A. H. Boss at Oakdale
last Saturday, died at 7 o'clock to-night.
Boss is in the County Jail and a chnrge
of murder has been entered against him.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syri*i of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fis Sybup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxattve and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
| dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
I gently yet promptly and enabling one
; to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna F.nd
Other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Strip
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
1/OUisviXliE, KY. NEW YORK, IT. Y.
Far sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle
I 11 0 P HOEFLICH
t^ % k BJ"^^ Importer and
1 I i Ira f*^^ MannfMturar,
Telephone
OBEEN 385.
k At Auction.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY... OCTOBER 24-, 1899.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesroom, 633 Market Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
North side (No. 626) Sacramsnto st., 216:10
east of Kearny; 2-story brick and Iron building,
store and flnt; lot 20x59:9.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
North side (Nos. 212-214) Frederick st., 135
feet west of Ashbury; 2 elegant flats of 5 and C
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements; lot
21x116:6.
SOUTH-OF-MARICET INVESTMENT.
South side (Nos % 881, 88114, 6514) Clementina
St., 100 feet east of Eighth; lot %"xT7; 3 flats Of
4 rooms; rents $21; near new Postofflce.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
South side (Nos. 427 to 431) O'Farrell St.,
195:3 west of Taylor; 2 large, elegant houses of
14 and 10 rooms each and 2 rear houses of 3
rooms each; lot 67:9x137:6.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1071) Page st., 107:6 east of
Broderick; elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath, laundry, etc. ; lot 30x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
Southeast corner of Laguna st. and Myrtle
aye. : lot 2*i562:6; sunny corner; fine site for
residence or flats. \
ALAMO-SQUARE INVESTMENT.
West Hide (Nos. 811-813) Scott St.. 102 feet
north of Fulton; lot 35:6x125; 2 large, modern
houses of 12 rooms each; rent $30 per month.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 3340) Clay st., 108:2 east of
Walnut; large, magnificent residence of 12
rooms and bath, billiard-room, etc.; modern in
detail; lot 27:6x137:6.
HAIGHT-STREET LOT.
South side of Haight St.. 155 feet west of
Broderlck ; a (rood site for flats or residence- lot
25x120; 1 block from Park.
FORCED SALE.
South line Point Lobos aye., 60 feet east of
First aye.; large business lot. 29x100.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
1 Auctioneers, 633 Market at. ,
• . _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear [ signature of /&L~?^^
I Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
see temSSISSS: see
* LL CAKTLKS FOR DIZZINESS. 5tC
GENUINE ff JVkR SSSRSSu GENUINE
!m PI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WDippCD M M ' FOR SALLOW SKIH. WBAPPFR
YHUniK I^SbM [FOR THE COMPLEXION " KAFrtK
"FI^IKrTEID O3>T K.iE!ID PAPER."
1 OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK. I
r> ■ o
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY i
iS Season 1899-1900, Now Being Compiled. I
)o o<
to The entire edition has been subscribed for In advance. It will be printed o{
j o on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega- o(
i° mold" leather, with a handsome design In gold leaf on the outside of the front 3
1* cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
' o Ing to the renumbering of 'all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
)o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the a
', >o names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with 0
i° their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and 3
r Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents, **
U and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be a
jo permanently located for the winter. c,/
I|o Address all changes to o
£ CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, %
' v 225 Post Street. San Francisco. o
>o Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST TWO TIMES! LAST TWO TIMES!
MATINEE TO-DAY 75c, 50c. 25c.
To-Night— Good-by Performance
"RWLI
TOPSYI
Beginning TO-MORROW, SUNDAY NIGHT,
OCTOBER 22.
HOYT'S Greatest Comedy Triumph!
"A MILK WHITE FLAG."
Special Comedy Season Prices— sl. 75c, 50c, 250.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15 O'CLOCK.
LAST NIGHT BUT ONE
Of Genee's Beautiful Comic Opera,
"NANQN."
MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
Grand Society and Club Event,
First Production on Any Stage of an Original
Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart of this
City and Clay M. Greene,
Entitled.
"THE CONSPIRATORS."
SEATS NOW ON SALE. SECURE THEM AT
ONCE.
Prices, f,O cts., 35 cts., 25 cts.. 15 cts., 10 cU.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 26c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), OCT. 21.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
MLLE. LOTTY
"Her act Is the prettiest and daintiest of Its
kind ever produced" — Leander Richardson.
J. W. WINTON, the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE. Howard's Ponies, Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Hasklns. La Page Sisters,
Little Elsie, Hawaiian Queens.
DON'T LET THE CHILDREN MISS THE
MINIATURE CIRCUS—
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY
THE SUPERB SUCCESS,
"FRA DIAVOLO"
Presented by an Incomparable Cast!
THIS EVENING— LAST PERFORMANCE OF
''OTHELLO"
Final Presentation Sunday Night of
"Cavalleria" and "Pagliacci."
POPULAR PRICES— 2S AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Neat Week— "LA BELLE HELENE." Octo-
ber 30th— "L'AFRICAINE."
BASEBALL!
SAN FRANCISCO
vs.
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 p. M.
SUNDAY AT 2i30 F. M.
SACRAMENTO vs. SANTA CRUZ
SUNDAY MORNING, 10:30 o'clook.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 26 CENTS.
CHDTESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING."
••MAJOR MITE"
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
ADGIE and_HER LIONS.
HIGH DIVERS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVIULE SHOW.
SPECIAL-TO-NIGHT!
Reproduction of the last Pound
of the Corbett-Fitzslmmons fight
in conjunction with the Jeff ries-
Fitzsimmons contest.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
DEUTSCHES THEATER
Comedy Theater, Bush Street.
SUNDAY EVENING, October 22, 1899
DIE MAEHERIN
(The Seamstress.)
FIRST APPEARANCE OF
FRL. BERNHARDINE YON HOFFSTETTER
and HERREN YARENA and ROLAND
liox Office now open. Telephone Main 1796.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIATHEATERsr."
NANCE O'INEIL
AND COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
"/YIAGDA."
TO-NIGHT (LAST TIME),
"OLIVER TWIST,"
Commencing: SUNDAY NIGHT, Oct. 22d,
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Latest New York Musical Farce-Comedy.
| A BREACH OF PROMISE?]
BRIGHT— TUNEFUL—
ONE LONG LAUGH.
POPULAR PRICES— 50c and 25c. Mat-
inees 50c and 25c.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
-^r... LAST 2 NIGHTS.
/fTggg* MATINEE TO-DAY
, AND SUNDAY.
Hf "THE
j§L msk p
* Wi^ "THE THREE
<^Jg? MUSKETEERS."
Seats Now Ready.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
(Ocean View, this side Union Park.)
OPENING DAYsTjct. 21st, 22(1.
OPEN STAKE !
£0 CHAMPION GREYHOUNDS 1
$1150 IN PRIZES!
Take S. P. trains, Third an 3 Townsend. 10:18
a. m. and 1 p. m. Saturdays, and 10:15 a. m.,
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Sundays; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia, 5 minutes later.
San Mateo electric cars every 10 minutes.
Admission, 25c; Ladles free.
Secretary's office, room 40, Phelan bldjf.
"00 WHERE THE CROWDS GO"
And "HELP THEM LAUGH."
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 25 CONE*
ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted every one a winner,
especially the ghastly Third Degree Regions,
where His Royal Nibs, the Devil, and hi*
magio wand will reign supreme.
PROF. HILL, marvel of the high wire, dally.
10c— Admission to all parts and ride—
New attractions to be continually added.
RACING! RACING! RACINGI
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" OLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with Sat Pablo avenua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electrio cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MIT/ROY. Secretary.
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taiee and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. XNVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER, AI.FS A BRUNE, Agents.
523 Market street, S.'F.— (Send for Circular,}.
78
GRIDIRON GAME IS
THE TALK OF ALL
THE COLLEGE MEN
Stanford's Athli 111 line
Vgainst Olympic Brawn
This Afternoon.
Already the college men nre beginning |
to count the number of wpeks before the j
Thanksgiving game and consume hours In I
Idle talk upon future possibilities. Thi j
football season is under full sailing, and |
every effort and every experiment on the j
part of the coaches at both universities
will tell upon ihe teams which they are j
organizing.
Stanford men nre working with a will, j
full of the realization of the thorny path i
wliich is to be their going before the big j
game which ends this season. The mate- !
rial at Palo Alto is not all of the best, but J
such as it is it wiil give an account of it
seif on Thanksgiving day. Slowly but >
surely Chamberlin and his assistants are |
developing a teaml In another week the i
nucleus of the line will be segregated and j
t)ien will begin the efforts ot' coach and j
captain to organize the eleven that will
represent the cardinal in the annual grid
iron contest.
Fallen from their high estate is the
much-trumpeted Olympic eleven. When j
thy- season opened no team in the iield i
had brighter prospects for a series if un- 1
broken victories. Some there were who j
deliberately made bets of substantial i
bums that the Olympics would not loso a j
single game. As yet the clubmen have !
net won a game, though out of three I
played they lost but a. single contest, the
other two being ties.
The reason lor the Olympics' lack of
success is easy to fathom. They do not
train properly and have not the necessary j
practice. With a list of men that ought !
to carry everything before it nothing out 1
a negative result has been accomplished.
This week's method of practice is a full |
exemplification ot" the reason .of the club
men's non-success. The full team was i
not out a single night, and several times
practice had to be foregon..- because the
mtn could not attend. The difficulty is
not so much in a lack of spirit, but the in
ability of the players to appear in time I
for practice. The majority cf the men j
playing with the winged "O" are engaged
in business pursuits and cannot saeruice
their callings for the sport of the gridiron
Thus it happens that when the Olympic
team lines up for the Saturday panics
there, is a doubtful uncertainty as to the
performance of the clubmen.
The game to-day between Stanford and :
the Olympics will show many changes in
the line-up of the latter team. Thierkauf
a home product and a good football
player either at end or. back of the line
is ill with typhoid fever. This is a great
loss to the Olympic eleven and will crip
ple the backs in no mean measure Not
only will the Olympics suffer from the
absence of Thierkauf. Feltoh Taylor,
whose smashing plunges through " the
California line last Saturday netted many
yards for the Olympics, will not play to
day. This ;s another weakening with
drawal and will give the new Olympic
backs some fierce labor in making up th»
absence or* Thierkauf and Taylor The
day of Hpbbs on the Olympic' team has
passed. Business is his excuse fur not
being able to participate either In the ;
practice games or in the match Satur
day afternoon. In his place will be the
redoubtable Charles Fickert, at one time
captain of the Stanford team. Flckert
is a guard of excellent reputation, de
pending upon the demonstration of gen
uine ability on the gridiron field. What i
he lacks, however. Is training. HI con
dition is not up to the standard; ■ 111 he i
may be counted upon to play good foot-
Tno gamp last Saturday afternoon ex
posed tho possibility of weakness in Cali
fornia's team and what concentration of
effort might do for the Olympics. In the
second half California was within scor
ing distance a couple of times, but the
spirit- was. lacking and the execution of
the plays poor, Cochran was not a
happy man aft«'i; the game and what he
said were not words that denoted a pious
and a humble spirit. With the univer
sity eleven; the best the college can so
far show, the playing was of a quality
that hardly surpassed the Olympics. For
a short, time it. looked as if the Olym
pics might work out a touchdown; (but
th«-y, too, lost heart and nothing hap
pened:
In consequence of the game last Satur
day Coaches Cochran and Kelly have
been forcing the play on the California
campus. Iho team has been laboring un
der the misapprehension that a "cinch"
awaits them on November 20. The indi
vidual players thought that the am Is
already picked not to bo changed. There,
wiil be a race mnnng the second eleven
men for positions and both coaches are
ready to give any candidate the chance
to play on the team when his work sur
passes that of his competitor. Th^ spirit
at Stanford Is similar to what it was
at California last ypar— deslm for hard
earnest nd enthusiastic work toward a
well defined end.
The freshman game thr^o weeks from
to-day will draw the attention of the col
lege men and particularly the enthusi
asts who have Just matriculated The
new material at California has not bf-en
fit her prolific of quantity or superabund
antly excellent of quality. Unremlttent
have been the complaints of coaches upon
the lack of big men in the freshman class
at the university. At Stanford every
thing points to a strong eleven So far
nothing but victories mark the course of
the Stanford freshmen outside of the sin
gle feat which was meted out by the
sophomores in an Interclass contest I
There is nothing quite as uncertain as a
freshman football game, however, and
this year's contest may result in a gpod
gridiron struggle.
The game between the Olympic and
Stanford this afternoon at the Sixteenth
and Folsom street grounds will begin at
3 o'clock. • .
STANFORD MEN IMPROVE.
STAFFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 20.—
Under the direction of over a half-dozen
coaches and trainers Stanford's football
mm continuo to improve. The men are
fast rounding Into condition, and during
the past week have put up the best prac
tice games that have been seen on the ;
campus for two years. Virtually every \
position on the team is open, and the -
competition for places is growing sharper
day by day. Especially is this true of:
the tackle and miard positions, where i
th«»re are a score of likely candidates.
Burnett and De Forest have done much
to strengthen the line, and with Oilman
at center should form a center trio which
will compare favorably with that which i
made the 1887 team invincible. Among the
tackles there is probably the best material j
that ever tried for a Stanford team,
though they must be developed. Dole,
Huston, Bentley, Wrigley, Faris, Emer
son and Bidwell are all men of weight and j
experience. Under a coach who Is nlmself
Camp's first choice for tackle on All- !
America's team, there should, be developed]
JOLLY TARS READY
TO CLOSE A BIG
SEASON'S YACHTING
Both the Corinthian and San
Francisco Clubs Have Their
Final Courses Sunday.
The San ] ■*' will give
■. isalito to
. p. m.,
rs will
At k in the
tion,
-
members to try
nt as live
season now all
at o' ■ '• •
ason.
Ib is errnw
iiiK, many applications for membership
ral of
. ■ ;
as on week
days for the meetings of a society. The
success of the club in winning the Perpet
ual Challenge Cup has also tended to
bring in several new members.
The Corinthians will also give the clos
ing entertainment of the season to-day.
After the arrival of the 6:20 p. m. boat
from the city a Corinthian supper will be j
served, and later an Impromptu jinks will
be given In the hall. No definite pro- j
gramme has been prepared, but an un- j
usual number of good singers and per- j
formers wiil lend their services. Among I
them will be Frank W. Thompson, Ben [
Tarbox, "Dave" Mclaughlin, Frank |
Mitchell. Frank Coffin. Girard and several i
others. Several of the California yachts- |
men will cruise over to Tiburon and enjoy |
the Corinthians' hospitality. To-morrow ■
captains will report on board the flagship
at 10 a. m.. and receive Instructions for
the last sail In squadron for the season of
1599. That th Corinthians Intend to try to
regain the San Francisco Perpetual Chal
lenge Cup as soon as possible is indicated
by the terms of the circular issued to
members, which states that the season
now drawing to a close has been full of
pleasure and honor to the Corinthians,
"even though, in response to a pressing
request, the cup has been loaned to anoth
er club."
Next Saturday the Californias will close
the season at the club house on Oakland i
Creek with an entertainment; and on Sun
day, the 29th Inst., will take their last
squadron cruise.
An appropriation of $48,000 hag been
made by Congress for the dredging and
Improvement of Alviso Slough, and a com
mittee of San Jose and Santa Clara Coun
ty business men has been appointed to see i
that the money is expended to the best ad- :
vantage. When the work under the con- |
tract is finished there will be seven feet of ;
water in the slough at the lowest tide. As i
the contract calls for an outlay of only
$12,600. there will still be left about $35,000,
the expenditure of which would render the
harbor capable of accommodating the
largest coastwise vessels.
The annual championship race of the
Tacoma Yacht Club took place September
30. but the breeze was so strong that only '
two yachts crossed the starting line, Cap
tain Demangeon's Windward and Commo- t
dore Caldwell's Storm King. The former
started at 2:30:31, and the latter 2 seconds
later. The Storm King rounded Vashon
Island stakeboat some minutes ahead or
the Windward and at Dash Point had a
half-mile lead. .Then the Storm King ran
close in to shore and lost the wind, while
the Windward out in the channel bowled'
along under a stiff breeze and finished 18
minutes ahead of her rival. A week pre
viously Commodore Caldwell's cutter
: rigged Storm King defeated A. l»'rnan
goon's sloop Windward. Allen & ismer's
sloop Sappho, B. Alexander's sloop ven
ture, Johnson & Sloan's sloop Maclaren,
aud the yacht Augusta, sailed by Captain
Carlson.
BOXER KENNEDY RETURNS
Boxer "Ji.e" Kennedy, who went East
to meet Peter Maher, has returned. He
made a creditable showing with '■•'■
for two rounds and then grew t<> f >
ard-hitting Irishman put
him out. Kern I six rounds in
with Cbilds, whom he outpointed.
a number of • m
but preferred to return home. He was
accompanied by ".lack" Collins, his man
and by Spider Kelly. The latter
made ;i brilliant stand against Joe 1
olored lightweight.
WANTS TO RACE RUSS.
The Garden City Wheelmen, through
th< ir officers, are using every end<
bout a n .- bel ween E. R.
Russ of the Olympic Club and John A.
w Ing. "I i • been striving toward
this end for som« time, but have made no
with the friends of Russ, who
represent the latter cycler. . wing's
Is want a m.-'tfh race, the men to he
A carrier pigeon bearing a registration
band 1 f Ihe < 'alifornia
was found dead some d«vs since
near ■ each. 1 lie regie! 1 y num
ber Is A 1277, Indicating one ot this year's
birds.
two men competent to hold their own
lsi their more seasoned adversaries
r.K day. The banks- have
been strengthened by the return of Jost,
first substitute for half on the 1897
and a first-class ground gainer. Another
man who shows promise, [a Krlfhs. Y-i!e
1899, for severe ■ •■ full
back on Yale's team. The foregoing list
would complete a team without taking
Into account any freshman material, of
which there is a vast amount. Every one
(eels that there is In college the men to
put up a winning team, and that it Is for
the coaches to hammer them into the old
time form.
re la an Inexcusable laxness some
where in the freshman management.
"U'ith only a wrek more to ;:
their match game, they an- still w
a duly elected captain, a-- Indivl
play well, but they certainly cannot
■ of being a team. The i;.-'xt week
musi show a decistve change if they ni>-;ui
to reverse the showing made by the baby
team of last year.
Stanford will go Into to-morrow's t,';:me
with the Olympics In much the sa;ne
shape she did two years ago, so far as
team work Is concerned. However, the
rs should show a much better game
than last time, a;;d should defeat
heavier adversaries. De Forest, the new
acquisition to the line, will make nil
appearance upon the Poisons street Reid
■ "Babe" Burnett will also be seen
there for the first time in two rears, l'nia
will be Stanford's last appearance in San
■ Isco until the big game, aa th<
contest with the Olympics will be played
on the Stanford campus. The same should
prove valuable to followers of the grid
iron who wish to get a line on the Thanks
giving day ooiHc-sL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
SPORTS
CELEBRATED HORSES SEEN ON GOLDEN GATE PARK SPEEDWAY.
* rip HE nnr I men of this using horses of the lilprhrst breeding for their pleasure driving in Jhe q
I park. The majority of them came from the mosl noted strains of trotting stock and either have had compe- «
O I tltion or arc eligible for use <<n the track. A large number of - owned by members of Golden Gate Park o
♦ Driving i sen in training for weeks for the autumn race meeting- of the association scheduled to ♦
° take place to-day at Inglesi In has made the track In •■ and the races have been postponed. They 9
* will be held n< t Sal daj If the weather permits. C. F. Kapp's black horse [ Direct, 2:13, by Direct, 2:05, will be £
+ driven double with Sydney Smith's Prlmose, 2:13. H. H. Dunlap's King Cadenza, 2:20, Is one of the noted road a
o horses, while Charles Newman's double team Is a familiar sight to frequenters of the park. Bessie Rankin and o
♦ Butcher Buy have a record of 2:18. the iirst quarter in :33 and the half distance in 1:08. +
O 1 o
OARSMEN PUT AWAY
THEIR RACE BOATS
FOR THE SEASON
Skiff, Shell and Barge Cham
pionships Divided 'A mono;
Five Cluhs.
I >!gh tlio number of spectators was
irafringly small last Sunday at El
po the day was fine and the wiitT
unusually smooth. The conditions wore
eminently favorable for boat racing. The
programme dragged a little, but as all
the events were contested before dark
and In good time for the last trip of tne
ferry-boat Link to the city there Is no
reason for complaint on that score.
Though there were some surprises arid
disappointments the racing passed off
without hitch and with oniy one mishap,
and that was not a serious one. The
clubs divided the honors between them,
ii.l except the Pioneers winning an event.
As George McGrill's shell, owing to an
accident, was leaky and filled with wa
ter In rowing down to the rtarting line,
only two competitors— E. Ster.berg of the
Artels and George Lewis of the Alamedas
—were left in the junior Bhell race. The
former won easily. The Ariels, with E.
Lynch as stroke, also wen the junior
barge n (n the senior skiff race a.
W. Pape of the Dolphins beat l>r. O. C.
Dennis of the South Ends and George Ba
ker of the Dolphins. The senior shell
race was won by James P. Foley of the
South Ends, who defeated 11. A. Wltt
kopf, the Ariel sculler, easily. In the
junior skiff race Stanley Addefley of the
Triton Boating Club won as he liked from
three competitors. This Is the first cham
pionship won by the Tritons for many
years. The Alamedas had a hard race to
retain the senior championship, the Pio
neer crew pressing them closely. Thus
the Ariel Rowing Club won two cham
pionships, the Alamedas. South Ends,
Dolphins and Tritons one each. The
Smith End barge crews proved decidedly
disappointing to their admirers, .„•? .Here
whs a strong impression that the Juniors
with Dr. C. C. Dennis at bow and Barnes
P. Foley at stroke, were fast Foley.
: however, set a slow stroke, though a long
and even one, while the Alameda crew
rowed a fast and short stroke. The South
Ends, who had the inside station, got Into
shallow water at the turn and abrjidoned
the race, leaving the Ariels to win by
! two lengths from the Alameda juniors.
The senior barge race was a pretty one,
all the crews rowing a good stro, g- stroke,
the Alamedas being, as usual, -ather
phort and inclined not to pull the oar -well
through. The course, however, was only
about one mile and a furlong, and a very
j rapid bucketing stroke may be kept up
f ■ >r that distance by men In good condi
tion.
Trophies of the Chase Secured by California Sportsmen.
The splendid specimen of a deer's head, with its wide-spreading horns,
shown in the illustration bears mute testimony to the ability of E. W. Hughes
of Montague. Mr. Hughes killed the deer Borne days since on Ball Mountain,
Siskiyou County. The group of sportsmen, who seem so well satisfied with the
result of their first day's shooting, la made up of A. C. Hoe ami party of Eureka.
Their vacation was spent at the head of Redwood Creek, in the Eel' River coun
try, some thirty miles from Eureka. The. camera tells how successful they were.
SERIES OF GAMES
BY LEAGUE TEAMS
ON LOCAL GROUNDS
A contest en the local diamond between
Sacramento and Santa Cruz has never yet
been witnessed. In response to popular
demand arrangements have been made for
a game between these teams at Recrea
tion Park to-morrow forenoon, commenc
ing at 10:30 o'clock. There will be games
morning and afternoon on both sides of
the bai'. Spectators at each park will be
kept informed of the progress of the con
tests. There will be a series of three
games between Oakland and San Fran
cisco, and there will be two contests be
tween Santa Cruz and Sacramento. At
the close of these series there may- bo a
decided change in the standing of the
teams. The Oaklands are no* satisfied
with getting away from the tail end, but
are ambitious for championship honors,
although there is not much likelihood of
their getting into the race for first place.
Following is the line-up for the game to
morrow:
San Franciscos Position* Oaklands.
Sullivan Catcher Hammond
Fltzpatrick Pitcher Borchers
Courtney First, base Hutchlnson
RelHy Second base Dunleavy
Brockhort .Third base Lange
Krug Shortstop Srhmcer
Muller Left field Moskimon
JX n , c • Center field Donovan
Hildebranrt Right field Hardie
Nine timrs out of t«*n the woman who
Is worth her wi Ight In gold marries a man
who is not worth his weight in serapiron.
DUCKS COME IN
WITH THE STORM
FROM THE NORTH
Gunmen Anticipate Good Sport
on the Marshes From This
Time Forth.
Ducks are commencing 1 to arrive from
the north in numbers, and all the signs
indicate that sport will soon be in full
swing in the marshes. Market hunters
who make the habits of the birds a life
Btudy aflirm that their arrival from their
northern haunts occurs annually about
the 20th of this month. During the past
week members of the Spooney Gun Club
have seen many birds flying aimlessly
about Alvarado, as though they were get
ting acquainted with their surroundings.
The weather conditions are favorable for
brinKing the birds from the north in
large numbers. As a senuence,. the men
who shoot over preserves anticipate the
best of sport from this time forth.
Five members of the Olympic (iun Club
shot over its preserves at Cordelia last
Sunday. 11. E3. Rose was high gun, with
seventeen; F. B. Surryhne secured six
teen, W. D. McArthur ten, George Walker
six and J. C. Jensen seven. On Wednes
day E. W. Briggs bagged fifteen, H. B.
Hosmer and Al Cummins ten each.
Among the men who will be out to-mor
row are: 11. E. Rose, \V. D, McCarthy,
W. A. Marshall, George Walker and W.
A. Goosen.
Herman Severn has succeeded E. C.
Lloyd as gamekeeper at the club pre
serve. The members of Green Valley Gun
Club, Cordelia, took summary action re
cently In the case of one of their mem
bers caught poaching on the Olympic pre
serve. They expelled him from the club.
His act was aggravated, as it was com
mitted before tne season opened.
The annual meeting of the Olympics
will he held next Wednesday. A nomi
nating committee of five members will be
appointed. This committee must name
the regular ticket within live days after
its appointment. The club has prospered
during the past year, making decided
gains in membership.
Len D. Owens returned during the week
from a visit to New York. While there
he saw the Dewey demonstration, but
gr»w tired waiting for the yacht race.
Lloyd Baton ana "Charley" Dietz had
some good rail-shooting on the bay shore
near San Mateo last Sunday. They were
not alone, many of the gunmen going
down for the day on the marsh.
The members of the Spooney Gun Club—
L. R. Larzalere, John Eurfeind, Phil Bek
eart and J. K. Miles— were on their pre
serve near Alvarado last Sunday. The
birds were more numerous than at any
other time this year, but they flew un
usually high. They all seemed new to
their surroundings and were apparently
getting acquainted with the feeding
ground. &
Mr. Johnson of the Black Jack Club was
a~ain high gun last Sunday at the club's
preserve.
Of the Pastime Gun Club members Carl
son secured nine, Dennison seven and
Ostranger six. The total bag of all the
members shooting was thirty-eight birds
Fred IT. Bushnell has sent his smooth
coated St. Bernard, Champion I,e Prince
Jr., to L. A. Klein of the Venlo farm
kennels at Guttenberg, New Jersey Mr
Klein will take Le Prince around the en
tire Eastern bench show circuit. It is ex
pected the dog will repeat his last year's
successes.
GOLFERS PLANNING
TRIALS OF SKILL
ON VARIOUS LINKS
Changes In the Presidio Course
Will Render It Necessary
to Play Good Golf.
The greens and tournament com;,
of the S;' n Ft • which
its of ir. B. Goodwin, H. D
bury and R. 1 1. Gaylord, will .
any regular schedule of tournaments until
New Vi-iirs day. 1 . Itlons
incll'a cups and the team match
against Oakland will supply all the tour
naments necessary for the remain
ear. P. £ captain of
the ( I lub, and H. B. i
win will confer early next week to ar
range the home-and-home matches be
tween the San Francisco and Oakland
teams-. Negotiations are being ma
hold tin open tournament for the cham
pionship of California. The club will ar
range some tournaments for its lady
members and will endeavor to on-.
;t team of ladies. The greens com;:.
will invite two ladies to confer with them
In regard to the competitions for ladi< -.
For tne present the course will be played
In the reverse way to that formerly in
use, and If there is a consensus of the
members in its favor that way will be
permanently adopted. Distance pins and
direction posts will be set urn ami the
teeing grounds will be put in the best
places. David Stephenson will go over
tin- ground and will lay out the course to
the best advantage. The old course haa
serious defects. Five successive holes are
just alike and offer no reward to the good
player and Inflict no penalty on bad play.
A drive and an approach shot will land
the ball on the green and a good app
shut will compensate for a poor drive,
while the best drive will not land the
player on the green. There is nut at
'present any dennite bogey score for the
.Presidio links, but one will be made, and
on November 4 a handicap tournament
against bogey will be played. In rear
ranging the .Presidio course some of the
holes may be shortened, so shat a! good
drive will land the ball on- the green, and
others lengthened.
In the eighteen-hole medal yiay handi
cap begun on the Oakland links on the
7th inst. R. M. Fitzgerald and 11. M. A.
Miller tied with net scores of S6. The tie
was played off on the loth inst and K. M.
Fitzgerald, not being in his usual good
form, 11. -VL A. Miller woi _^* a yinall
margin.
Mixed foursomes, match play, with han
dicap, nine holes, were played on the
14th. There were sixteen entries, the re
sults of the play being as follows: Miss
M. Deane and Vail Bakewell defe
Mrs. J. H. T. Watkinson and George P.
Gow; Mrs. \V. f. Johnson and 1\ K.
Bowles beat Mrs. H. 11. Smith and E. K.
Folger; Airs. P. E. Bowles and 11. M. A.
Miller won from Miss Alice Moffltt and
P. 11. Kemillard; Mrs. 11. 11. Sherwood
and 11. J. Rnowlcs beat Miss Lucy Mof
fltt and \Y. P. .Johnson. In the second
round of the foursomes Mrs. 11. 11. Sher-
WOOd and 11. .1. Knowles beat Mrs. P. B.
Bowles and 11. M. A. Miller, and Miss M.
Deane and Vail Bakewell were victorious
over Mrs. W. P. Johnson and P. E.
Bowies. In the final foursomes, which, it
circumstances permit, will be played to
day, Miss M. Deane and Vail Bakew r ell
will play against Mrs. H. H. Sherwood
and 11. J. Knowles. The winners will
receive silver trophies. The event set
down for to-day on the schedule of the
Oakland Golf Club is a handicap tourna
ment, eighteen holes, match play, for the
ladies' cup.
The fourth fortnightly tournament of
the San Rafael Golf Club will be held to
day, the ladies' handicap, nine holes
n'.Mlal play, beginning at 10 a. m., and the
men's handicap, eighteen holes, medal
play, at 2:;W p. m. Last Sunday David
Stephenson of the San Francisco Golf
Club paid a visit to the San Rafael links
and played a friendly match with Instruc
tor T. W. Tetley. Their medal play
scores tied, but Stephenson won two up in
eighteen boles. instructor Tetley says
that the golf was not pood, but that he
hopes to play with Stephenson again when
the latter can be spared from the Presidio
links.
Mrs. "William S. Tevis is having pre
par-d a golf links at her country home
Stockdale, Kern County.
WITH THE DOG FANCIERS.
Alec Truman and his dogs are to sep
arate. "What local bench shows will be
without him and his Irish setters the fu
ture must disclose. He will certainly be
missed. With the exception of Dick
Swiveller all his noted setters and point
ers are for sale.
Henry Corlltt'a rough-coated St. Ber
nard Doris has whelped a litter of twelve
puppies to King Menelik. They are all
well marked and lusty young- fellows
Judge McKonna of the United States
Supreme Court some time ago pun'
a promising young English setter pupnv
liy Starlight out of Sweet Gladys The
dog was in last year's field trials under
the name of Gladstar. Judge McKenna
has become much impressed with his
dogs appearance and manners and has
decided to make Gladstar his traveling 1
companion on his return to Washington;
Miss Kohl of San Mateo was until late
x'iv! he l owne r Of the fawn mastiff Albert
Albert is a big, affectionate brute, full of
dignity and will not tolerate imperti
nence from any other canine. Miss Kohl
was also the owner of a couple of col
lies, which, being of a jealous disposition
resented the Intrusion of a mastiff One
of them carried his jealousy so far as to
attack Albert. The result was the death
ot the collie. The second colile was also
guilty of an act of aggression, and Al
bert was with difficulty restrained from
killing him. The coilie .is recovi
from his wounds at Dr. Steer's dog hos
pital. Miss Kohl, in fear for the si
of the rest of her pets, gave Albert to
Timothy Hopkins. The latter owned a
valuable but ferocious black poodle. The
poodle attacked Albert immediately upon
the latter's arrival. He was burled in the
plat allotted to departed pets. Albert has
been isolated from all canine com
panions.
It is not probable that "Dave" Sinclair
will be able to act as ring steward ai the
Oakland show as lie had been elected sec
retary of San Mateo Coursing Ass
tion.
The Oakland Bench Show will be held
on December 7. 8 and 9, under the aus
pices of the California Collie Club, and
will be governed by the rules of the Pa
cific Kennel League. C. D. Nairn of
Ballston will be the judge. He is a vet
eran of the ring and his decisions will
doubtless give satisfaction. The Collie
Club officials expect a large entry of all
breeds. Its secretary, Norman J. Stew
art of Aronjas, Monterey County, will
forward premium lists and entry blanks
upon application. Entries will close about
November 20, and owners should be
placing their canines in show condition
No pedigrees are needed to show dogs at
any bench show.
THREE PARKS BID
FOR THE PATRONAGE
OF COURSING MEN
Owners of Fast Greyhounds
Offered Every Inducement
to Run Their Best Doas,
Three coursing r : -rks will bid for the
of the public and of the owners
of !'■
do not believe there i 3
a demand fur that number of park :
!'i-'k ■ stablishmi nts 1
1 its j, ; 'himes are
ringing out their message to the world,
iwnera of dogs have bestowed their
favors impartially.
■ ■ Coursing Association of
itantial pri; its initial
cured at least a baker's
: dozen of the best dogs in California.
Include Connemara, Glc Hator,
Royal Flush. Crawford Lad, Young Amer
ica. Soubrette. Luxor. Thornhill. Bone,
Wild Tralee and Pluu.u-h Boy. To
this Cnion Park has the best puppy stake
drawn here and an open stake. In
' gleside bid for another class of dogs and
tilled a big non-winners' stake. Many
• good dogs are forced Into this clo
the chances of coursing, such as "flukey"
hares or being drawn against the best
does. Three thousand dollars is being
disbursed in prise money, and while these
i times last tiie coursing men will be happy.
The running of the California grey
hounds, pasha kennels' Metallic and Emm
Pasha, in the American Waterloo to-day
illas, Texas, will be watched with in
terest. Jehu Halton wires friends here
that his charges stood the journey by rail
; quite well. lie is not sanguine of success,
as he predicts the classic stake will be
won by Temple, a dog recently Imported
from England, lie is by Mirror Moor-
Thetis, and is a half-brother of Thought
! less Beauty, winch won the English
Waterloo cup In isi'7. He Is the property
1 of John Chartlan & Son, prominently lden
tified with the sport of the leash in tha
; East.
It seems an assured fact that next
year's American Waterloo will be run in
a California park. Each of the local or
ganizations promoting coiweing is <x
pected to bid for the meeting. The added
money is but $600 this year, an amount
which will not stop any of the local parks.
The managers are accustomed to adding
more than this every week in the ye.. r.
The dog Temple may be seen here this
year, but if not he will surely come next
s< ason, when he should be at his best, as
he is a youngster.
The dogs which mad« coursing history
on this coast are gradually disappearing.
J. Keenan's Flying Buck died some days
since, being six years old. He was bred
by Bryan Dougherty, being by Royal
Crest-Daisy 11. Others of the litter were
Daisy Crest, Royal Daisy, Nellie Conroy
and Royal Buck. The latter had a Merced
stake to his credit, while Flying Buck had
innumerable winning brackets to his cred
it in the parks. This litter is pronounce 1
the greatest ever whelped in this State,
all the greyhounds being stake winj* -a uf
renown.
Hugh Lynch has been unfortunate -with
a litter of Hughle-Mystic Maid puppiies.
They were attacked with distemper aiid
six of the eight died. Mr. Lynch 6
stake winner Lottie M Is recovering from
the effects of a long course she had some
■weeks since. She has filled out and grown
quite matronly-looking for such a mite of
a greyhound as she. was.
Gus Abercrombie has secured Tom MuL
caster as trainer, and he will handli
dogs of his new employer exclusively.
Mr. Abercrombie has a number of young
dogs which are full of promise.
E. S. Babcock, manager of the Hotel del
Corona do. has purchased a greyhound of
aristocratic lineage from David Dillon of
Ingleside Coursing Club. Mr. Babcock has
owned and coursed greyhounds for years,
and has secured this dog for breeding pur
poses.
The recent rain? practically assure the
holding of the Interstate < 'nursing Club'a
meeting at Merced about the 15th of No
vember.
OLYMPIC OUTING IS OFF.
Owing to the Inclement weather the
[Olympic Club officials have postponed for
one week the outing proposed for all the
members, which was to have been held
at Escalles to-morrow. George James,
who is in charge of the arrangements,
states that the ground would be too wet
for outdoor games and it was thought
best to postpone it accordingly. When
Mr. James' attention was called- to the
fact that the Associated Cycling Clubs
had its annual 10-mile road race set (or
the 29th inst., the day to which the Olym
pic outing has been postponed, he stated
that that made no difference to the Olym
pic Club. This will be news to the many
■ cyclers who have always held the im
i pression that the association and ■ the
! Olympics were "sweet" on each other.
i Evidently there has been an estrange
ment.
The rain, however, will not postpone the
Olympic-Capital City 50-mile relay race
to be held at Sacramento to-morrow. Tho
j Olympic team of ten men will go up on
the 7 a. m. train, accompanied by Cap
tain Spillane and a number of enthusia ts
The Olympic riders will be: "White Ful
ler, Russ. Bozio, Anthony, McNess, Liv
ingston, Henderson. Kragness and Davis
Against them will be pitted Eldred, Bac
carat. Hirsch, Noyes brothers. Valentine
Turner, Penry, Dorsey and Welsh of tha
Sacramento club.
The Academic Athletic League's 25
--mile relay race around the San Leandro
I triangle is again off for another we^k
owing to rain.
W. G. Furman, the speedy Los Angeles
racer, has returned from a successful
Eastern racing trip. Despite Illness and
several ace dents Furman more than held
i his own with the top-notchers. He states
I that a crowd of the cracks will be out
; here this winter and that Floyd McFar
land Intends holding meets at various
I points on the coast.
I The entries for the annual 10-mile C.
A - F l ™? ce KentX ent will be kept open until
next Thursday. The race is set for tho
29th. by which time the course should be
in splendid shape.
The California Cycling Club has a 10
--mile handicap scheduled for to-morrow
over ? the Fruitvale-Haywards course.
Captain Coulter will go ever the road to
day to see if it is ' rideable. The entries
and handicaps are: F. N Bent W A.
gangster Henry F. Wynne, 4 minutes;
William Jtiedt, Joseph Holle. 3:30; J. Hou
&aar- 1 * ? er ,T r es ' A 3 : M - Griffith, A. Alcaya
ga, 2:30; A. McAdam, William Pugh, Ed
j Lgeberg, 2; , M Kielberg. F. Moller, 1:45:
| William , Golssler . Charles Steggar, 1:30;
K. S. Kristensen, H. Buttgenbach, 1: A.
Carl Jacob Holle. :30; G. Seyfried, R. A.
Coulter, scratch.
The California* will banquet a half
dozen of its members who have recently
returned from Manila to-morrow night.
G. R. Thompson's English setter Glad
stone s Nora, by Champion Paul Glad
stone-Lille Hill, has whelped seven pup- ••
1 Dies to Gladstone Dash.WORRIED OVER
DISPOSITION OF
DEAD BODIES
New Cemetery on the
County Line.
, —
"INDIGENTS" CAUSE TROUBLE
«,
CONTRACTOR VEBKONTEREN IN
A BAD SITUATION.
I
A Very Awkward Predicament Fol- ,
lows a Protest by the Creditors
of the F. E. Luty Es
tate. .
A. Verkonteren, who ha.-? the contract
to bury the city's indigent dead, is sorely
puzzled over v. difficulty he has collided |
with. Some time ago the Supervisors ;
passed a law prohibiting the further in- I
ternient of the d*-ad within the city lim
its, and before arrangements were made j
for the interment of indigents elsewhere ;
Mr. Verkonujren had accumulated about
two dozen bodies which he did not know
what to do with. While in this predica
ment he noticed an advertisement of the
sale of some lots in the Abbey Homestead j
Addition, lying on the boundary of San i
Francisco ana ban Mateo counties. He j
bid tor two lots the sum o£ »TjO, which ,
was accepted by the executrix. Without J
los., of time Mr. Verkonteren placed the i
bodies under the sod of hid recent pur- j
chase: starting ;i cemetery of his own.
he was getting ready to make additions i
to his graveyard when the matter or con- j
lirmirig the -sale of the lands, which were }
a part of the estate of F. E. Luty, came
up before Probate Judge Coffey. lhen
there was a hitch which had not been an
ticipated: Some of the creditors roi the
estate entered a protest against the sale
of the land; and In spite ot the fact that
the purchaser had marie a liberal deposit
the sale was not confirmed by the court, j
What made matters worse I was the met ,
that the court ordered the land roudvor
tiscl tor sale. This is what has tied
thing's up in a hard knot. Mr. Verkon
toren does not know whether he has the
two dozen bodies on his hands now or not.
if lie has it is a question as to whether
i r not he can disintt-r the bodies, for the
law is very strict in the matter of dis
turbing the dead. Should some one o!se
buy the. property it is very likely that tho
now purchaser will demand that the
"owner" of the bodies remove the same
without regard to whether he can do so
There is still another question that the I
unfortunate gentleman is studying over,
and that is if he can remove the bodies
without bting molested for trespassing
what can he do with them so that he will j
not suffer great loss in again disposing
i f them. At present indications Mr. Ver- I
komeren will be a lively bidder for the j
•lots when they are again on tho marktt. j
In the event of his being successful he j
hopes to induce the authorities of San j
Mateo and Pan Francisco counties to a!- ]
low him to let the Indigents remain where
they are. which may be difficult; for so
far' the lots in question are not included .
in the lands set apart for cemetery pur
poses. j
YOUNG EDITOR WEDS.
Quiet Wedding of G. H. Francis and
Miss Madge Poffenberger.
: f In
t Northern Call!
Nt high noon yesterday,
v ■ ■ - of Wood-
X;ipa
. 1 »r.
' ■
; wit
■ -a- intimati
111 spend their h
Is the daughter of
• ■ '.
-
roprl-
Enrbecue Hail or Shine.
ement
■ mittee
g the .-iii
■
■ that
■• will
POSTUM CEBEAL.
A SCIENTIFIC REPORT ON
COFFEE.
Shows It Can Be Used by Some, and
Is a Poison to Others.
;
'
■ to
Rith
■
ip chronic
; : "We have
i fill Its place."
ppears the fol-
"Or.c of the highest authorities in
Materia Mediea and Therapeutics in
England says: Caffeine, which is the
stimulating part of coffee, Is In general
terms a stimulant first, and subse-
quently a paralyzant to the nerve cen-
ters in the cerebellum, medula and spi-
nal cord.
11 ']■ ses it quickens the activ-
il ten-
overs timulate
great
■ light
omnia, i
ed In
itlty it would doubtless
to man.
nds of people coffee, of
is its chemical si
Languor,
■ . • : • ation folio
system when the habit
- acquired, This is
: iscular tremor a nd
ijness, with nervoui
Ela and Insomnia; In fact, a train of de-
alls frequently not traceable
to th< • v. hich never Inebri
, .-...•■
Th< his long
and • per on the sub-
• v.-ith the statement: "Comp
similar to that of the Postum C
.; l, • f Battle Creek arc to be mvi-
i nd as benefactoi s of the
tever our personal prefer-
. let us not class these chang< b it,
ry to peculiar views and theories,
but rather as generally recognised and
, a valuable acquisition
of progress and Investigation, scientific
and philanthropic."
The rap lived by American
brain woi i th'-m to seek
• quickly and surely
■ I energi . and
c as a rule.feel the disastrous
effects of a continued use of coffee. Jt
furnish this class of people with
correct food and drink, selected and
manufactured in the most scientific
i tanner, that Postum Cereal Food Cor-
fee and Grape-Nuts have been placed
on the market. All first-class grocers
furnish these.
be cooked and eaten rain or shine. Ar
rangements have been made for the com
fort able shell erfng of 10. "f>o persona. The !
committee hay decided to charge only the
nominal sum of 35 rents admission. This
'.- more to prevent juveniles and an un- I
ruly element from crowding Into the \
grounds than it [a for a reimbursement '
'■' the promoter^ of the festival. The :
!Ue !b to be given by the federation j
to its thousands of friends In the Mission i
and elsewhere who have Indorsed the
stand taken by this organization for the (
al and continual improvement of '■
the Mission district.
BUNKO MEN IN LUCK.
William Schneider of Honolulu, the
Prosecuting Witness, Leaves
for New York.
William Schneider, the chemist from
Honolulu who was swindled out of $103
by three bunko men, Harry Walters,
Henry Roberts and James West, has gone
t" New l'ork ond the case against tho
men will probably be dismissed for
lack of prosecution.
Th. !.. en postponed from time
to tin-,.- ii. Judge Mogan a court, chiefly
at the request of the prosecution, and
when h ■•.:,■ again tailed yesterday Po
liceman GeJmann said he had ascertained
that Schneider had left the city for New
York Wednesday. Ho left a note for
ndlady of the Victoria Hotel, where
he had been stopping, .stating that his
■ ■ bad been taken from him by
gamblers and he had gone to New York,
DUt would return !n January and pay her
Attorney Mack at once asked for a dis
mlssal ol the case as there was no pros
ecuting witness, but tho Judge refused
and U till Monday, ordering a
bench warrant issued for Schneider's ar
rt-^t.
HUGH CRAIG'S BROTHER DEAD
Killed by Falling Down a Mine in
Coolgardie, West Australia.
Hugh Craig received a cablegram last
Wednesday telling him of the death by
accident of his younger brother, Thomas
humming Craig, at Coolgardie, West Aus
tralia, No details were received except
that death resulted from falling down a
mine, i he deceased was a civil engineer
And manager of mines for the New Zea
and Mine Trust of London. He was aged
in. Wednesday morning Mr. Craig re
ceived a letter at his home from his
orother In Which his brother had written
3f his good health, and he was evidently
n high spirits. When Mr. Craig reached
Ms office in this city he received tie- ca
blegram telling of his brother's sudden
leatn.
■ ♦ . — — ,
SNAPSHOTS AT
PLAY-FOLKS ON
MANY STAGES
JT is alas and alack when many a good
nay, a good actor even, tries
to wear costumes pertaining to Louis
XIV, or Louis-any-other-teenth tor
that matter. Borne of the best people at
the Grand Opera-house are making a sail
mess of it in "Nanon." But Thomas Pers
se, snowy of wig and snowy of satin, can
dangle the four corners of a lace hand
kercl iition teaches they should
i. and It's Thomas Persse who
carries the day.
Hat tie Belle Ladd is a sorry sight as
Ninon. It wouldn't be quite so bad ii' an
impudent programr c had not promised
in her ••* professional beauty." Hattie
Belle takes to ticrht.'; like a duck to water,
' and there's bound to be brisk work when
■ lays a boy. But the outward elbows
: that go along with "Forward, march!"
lion elbows, and a gauze fan is
not a( ease when shouldered Hive a bay
on.-; or cracked like a riding whip.
The buxom Miss Mi - ■ nov. This
It should be. The sif;:: of the Golden
up a vision of exactly such
a hostess »s Edith Mason renders. And
though the opportunity be less, it's better
Nanon than a poor Girofle.
• • *
It is so long since "The Masked Bali"
3i en iii town that Alcazar eudi
this w< ek ■
suap-eating
spandy new.
malysis the far<
a that wei reated
■ -
of domi stic bickei Ings. But
who i ■ er cares about such analysis? "The
Masked Bail" is funny with all the fun
t Blsboi ruld ln% i nt
. they put their h* a r. A
, laugh always slips away em ban
j when some one asks whence It cam ■. M< i t
Its own ground and greet it In its
own spirit . a Bby visitor al
late days.
w< • k's performance is an Ormonde-
Montalne partnership. stops
il nine parts, almost forgetting
He ! [enry, and Icav •
• arlyle Mo
own devices at home or abroad. But
.Mr. ■ and -Mr. Mont'aine are a
brsy team from the up of the curtain un-,
til th' down of it.
It Is ;i Becret all Mr. Ormonde's own
it chosen to show before
just how charming he really can be. Feo
ple i talking about his reserve
and repression, and he has won a aega
dmiration therefor. And
now he iiis up and i sploded every one of
id theories, and we may be
luse he fooled us or good na
ause we've got a far and away
r man than we guess* d,
H< Is a rollicking, mischievous, lem
peptuom and altogether adorable young
md as Paul Blon let. H< is the only
bov-grown-tall style that isn't half so
th( proverb would hi
:■ s ■•• ' i >r. Blondet fold
white liea -not erray even— but
big*, bold black ones. Suffice it to say
i •■ mi . i i can make even ■
■
Francis Powers has a new play, which
will soon : • re. It has a stunning
title, "Mother Earth." Also a stunning
■ for II de ils with life in the M< ■:
lean provinces. And if the play
tunning as "The First Born"
Ban Francisco Indeed a man to
be proud of, and he's a feather In the cap
imd Alcazar manugement that
ight him out.
"Ah!"
"Beauty!"
"Whew!"
It starts at the baldheaded row and rip
to the smokera against the Or
im wall. It swells toward the bal
and in caught up there and rippled
rd the stage. Mile. I,otty is re
ble for It.
There Is on about mndemols
r-\\*'; 'ir being. But we were
promised poses. There Is one pose, with
variations. Even Mile. Lotty is in danger
•■•oming monotonous so long as she
•is a mere Bcreen for mngio lantern
pictures. It is hardly fair of her to leave
all the work to the calcium man.
best of last week's performers arc
holdovers. Next week will see more
changes. Besides Mile. Lotty, a ventrilo
quist and a monologist have cOmee O me to re.
emit the . goodly ranks. Tr>m Brown.
r ties between the dark and the
daylight, partakes of tiie Intelligent of
whiteness and the real thingness of black
ness, and is therefore one of the best of
coons. He manages to be calmly serious
about his work, which makes h:m an lm
ement on recent entertainers of his
Mr. Wlnton. th« ventriloquist, is clever
enoiißh In hla way ana a spooky way it
Is Ventriloquists must be m<-*t unpleas
ant persons to have in the family if they
indulgf at home In their little eccentric
ity. This particular one's turn is too much
to mechanical dolls— it moves
slowly But he's a wonder himself.
The' T>e Page sisters begin with their
usual bunchiness, and gradually becom*
lete. It is very pleasant to sit at the
and see Just enough of their "phe
nomenal changes" to speculate upon the
! ow of the rest.
SARAH OOMSTOCK.
COURT NOTES.
rharlf-s Finnrgan, a young man who
was recently left $2600 and started in to
spend it all In liquor, was arrested on
laint of his friends on a charge of
uicy, and yesterday Judge Treadwell
i sent him to the County Jail for six
he to sober up.
Policeman W. Honn^berry secured a
; warrant from Judge Graham yesterday
<:• the arrest of hip son Thomas. 17 years
-.•, on a charge of battery for slap
j ping his sister IJzzie on the mouth. Hen
neberrs says that the boy is beyond his
control.
A writ of habeas corpus sworn out on
I behalf of Victor Bouton, who is wanted
in Nevada for alleged cattle rustling, will
i»c- argued before Judjrc Cook this morn-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1899,
ffe\ts of Camp and {Transport.
THOUSANDS STILL
PRESSING ON TO
THE PHILIPPINES
Second Call Regi-
ments Coming.
SIX WILL PASS THROUGH
NUMBER OF STAFF OFFICERS TO
SAIL ON NEWPORT.
Mail Being Delayed at the Presidio
Through the Failure of Officers
to L«ave Their Addresses
Behind.
By Wednesday next. if nothing hap
pens, the last of the first ten regiments
i called for by the Government under the
. army extension bill will be on their way
; to the Philippine Islands, and by the time
they start thn regiments of the second call
that will cross the ocean from here will
! have commenced to arrive. It has been
i so from the time the first of the United
States volunteers came here. One regi
ment has followed the other so closely
that at times there has been no time to
spare between th^m, yet not one has
crowded so fast upon the heels of the one
before it as to cause trouble. There has
always been one regiment able to get out
of the way and make place for the new
comer, and it looks as if the same sys
tem will prevail lv the regiments now
heading westward.
Of the second ten, seven will leave for
the islands from this coast, six from here
and one from Portland, and three will
1 leave from the East. The Forty-first, re
'■■ cruiting at Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont,
and the Forty-third and Forty-seventh
regiments, recruiting at Camp Meade,
Pennsylvania, will be the ones to go by
way of the Suez canal. Ihey will be
taken on the transports Thomas, Logan
: and Meade, and when these vessels have
j landed their troops safely in Manila they
: will join the fleet of transports plying be
tween here and there. The Thirty-ninth,
recruiting at Fort Crook, Nebraska, Will
1 go by way of Portland, with two compa
nies of the Firty-lifth, which is being re
cruited at Fort Snelllng. Minnesota. The
1 others the Thirty-eighth, from Jefferson
: Barracks, Missouri; the Fortieth, from
Fort Riley, Kansas; the Forty-second,
: from Fort Niagara, New York; the Forty
fourth, from Fort Leavenworth. Kansas;
j the Forty-sixth, from South Framingham,
Massachusetts; .the Forty-eighth, from
Fort Thomas, Kentucky, and the l-ort>
ninth, from Jefferson Barracks, Missouri,
will all puss through here.
The Forty-sixth Is now on its way out
hpre but it has been held up to allow of
thlcourt-rnar ialins of some of its unruly
members, who are 10 be-left In'prtaonl"
a m i start for here ! to-morrow: tne
Fortieth Forty-second and Thirty-eighth
Bt Wh^'the te new y regime ts arrive here it
is Probable the regulations regarding the
. fbert* of th' men will be more strict than
I lev were before. After the going :«t>j»oh
reirfment there was always a pile "i de
mflDtive lists to hand Into the command
fng officer of the Presidio the men to
whomUheyi referred having failed tofan
iwer "the last rollcall before the transport
Failed Some of these men were honestly
fefttbehlnd and now and then some of
them turned up and were shipped on later,
DUtUbe greater number c them few of
portions pure and pimple, iiut ie\s 01
t§e?e "have been caught. While the regi
ments were encamped absence without
leave was common, but as the Presidio
close to the city this was not re
garded as anything more than a yielding
to temptation and not as a desire to leave
the service prematurely. The proxlmit,
of the returned volunteers also had its
effect partly from the stories the men told
of their experiences and partly}) cause
of the difference In the rations The army
allows to every man returned from the
,'troDi eces butler and milk in addition
to [he regular ration. The outgoing men j
did not get this and it made them dissatis
fied for many of them never took the
trouble to inquire the reason. All these
conspired to Increase the desertions, and
they finally reached over two hundred
men from ' the last few regiments that
'Joseph C. Fablsch, a private in Com
pany O of the Fourth Infantry, died at
the general hospital yesterday.
The following named officers have been
ordered to the Philippine Islands on '.h?
transport Newport: Lieutenant Colonel
Ernest A. Garfington, inspector general,
; USA accompanied by his authorized
clerk' one" messenger; Major Edward E.
Dravo commissary of subsistence, U. 8.
A accompanied by his authorized clerk;
Major George P. Bcriven. United States
Volunteer Signal Corps; Major George B.
Davis commissary of subsistence, IT. 8.
V accompanied by hip authorized clerk:
Major Samuel D. Sturgia. assistant adju
tant general. U. S. V.; Captain John Bid
die corps of engineers, U. B. A., accom
panied by one civilian .assistant.
Second Lieutenant Ethelbert L. D.
Brecklnridge, Seventh Infantry, has been
ordered to Manila to report to General
Lawton upon whose staff he has been
appointed as aid. He will sail on the
Newport.
Chaplain ThTiphilus G. Steward of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, one of the colored
regiments, has been ordered to report for
duty with his regiment, now in the Phil
ippines. He will go on the Newport.
Major Jasper Morrison, Judge advocate,
has keen ordered to proceed with his au
thorized clerk to Manila, where he will
be assigned to duty. He will go on the
Peking.
Acting Assistant surgeons R. M. Bonar
and John R. Clark, now on duty at the
• general hospital at the Presidio, have
Been ordered to report for duty on the
transport Tartar, and upon her arrival in
Manila to the department commander.
Captain William O. ..Owen, assistant
surgeon, has been appointed sanitary In
spector of the camps at the Presidio, the
position held by Colonel Greenleaf, who
has been ordered to Manila.
The orders assigning the eight female
nurses to the Tartar for passage to Ma
nila have been altered so as to have tne
i nurses do duty during the trip.
Major John McE. Hyde, quartermaster,
1 has been ordered to proceed to Manila
on the transport Peking for duty there.
Captain Albert D. Niskern. commissary
of subslstonce. las been ordered to pro
ceed to Manila on the transport Newport.
He will take one clerk with him.
First Lieutenant Laurln L. Lawson.'
Thirty-ninth Infantry; has been ordered
to proceed to Vancouver barracks. Wash.,
to join the two companies of his com
mand being recruited there. »
Much trouble has been caused to the
adjutant's office at the Presidio by de
layed malls for officers who have not left
their addresses with the adjutant. Cnp
tain Frier, post adjutant, has requested
all officers ordered to the Presidio or only i
passing through on their way to the isl- !
I ands to leave their addresses with him. and
• whatever mall comes . for them will be
I forwarded nt once. In the present state
I of business at the post It is impossible ;
; for the adjutant to hunt up addresses of
officers who are on their way to the Phil
ippines, and when their mail comes to the
post it ha?, to be held there.
Yesterday was a time for giving and re- i
ceiving thanks and congratulations on the i
I receptions of soldiers. It started with a I
tetter from the reception committee of '
Montana, expressing appreciation ami
gratitude to the reception committee of j
San Francisco for the manner In which
the men from Montana had been treated !
' during their stay here. Then the Friends'
; and Relatives' Association sent in Its
thanks in a neat letter from Its executive
committee, and also this letter to The
Call:
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. 19. . 1833.
; Editor of The Call, City— Dear Sir: lam re
■ «n»et»i< hi" tha afßcarm anil mam of _ ♦>>*»
Relattves' and Friends' Association of the
Volunteer Regulars to return you their sincere
thanks for the kindness you manifested in
rendering the welcome home of their boys a
success. Very respectfully.
PHILITA C. MOHUN. Secretary.
mr. bvrson".
mr. McCarthy.
mr. jacobs.
mr. brackett.
MR. 8K1T55.
MR. LEONARD.
MR. FARQTAR.
COLONEL MOROSCO.
Committee.
The Red Cross Society, for the execu
tive committee, reports having sent thir
teen men to their homes in the East at
an expense of $470 CO. The executive com
mittee at its meeting yesterday morning
appropriated $Km each to Miss Louisa C.
Knight. Miss Ida Lasswell and Mrs. M.
A. Boyson in recognition of their services
as nurses in the Philippines. All return
ng soldiers are entitled to treatment in
the Government hospitals for six months
after their discharge. Not knowing this,
i^ 0S  , c "? have been S° in K to private
hospitals and paying for care and treat -
£ e £ . c so r! ot .y desires this privilege
to be given publicity.
A SOLDIERS' LIBRARY.
Organization Formed to Supply
Books to the Troops in the
Philippines.
The committee that will have charge of
the establishing and maintaining of the
free circulating library In the Philippines
was organized on Thursday evening at a
meeting held in the rooms of Colonel and
Mrs. Charles R. Greenleaf at the Hotel
Pleasanton. Officers were elected as fol
lows: Rabbi Jacob Vooreanger, president;
Wlllard B. Harrington, Urst vice presi
dent; Miss Anna Beaver, second vice
president; \V. S. McClure, secretary; P
N. Lllienthal. treasurer; Judge Ralph C
5*™ teon « Mrs ' W - B - "arrlngton. General
A\ illiam R. Shatter and Mrs. H. H
Halght, executive committee, to act with
the officers.
The following were appointed to act on
the committee in conjunction with the
officers:: Mrs. Fhebe Hearst Mrs. Jane
Stanford, Dr. Daviu Starr Jordan, Presi
dent Benjamin lde Wheeler. Mrs '\V R
Smedberg. James D. Phelan, Mrs. I. Low
enberg, Mrs John F. Merrill, Hugh Craig
George A. Newhall Mrs. E. W McKin
rE" 1 ffihfe O Vy^ an ; John P - M«?rlS
Mm' m Mack «?nzie and Mrs. W. 11.
The committee outlined the plan of
work and appointed committees for spe
cial lines. General Shafter offered to &e
--cure a receiving place for donated books,
and said he would communicate with
Rabbi Vooraanger on Saturday as to the
success of his endeavors. General Shafter
explained Colonel Mlley's plans as out
lined to him by the colonel in New York,
rhe colonel thought sufficient money
to carry the library along for two
years would be necessary, after which
time the Government would make pro
vision ,to sustain it, as had been done
formerly. General Shafter believed the
Government allowed $22 a month for each
company and ?11 a month for the band
He pledged his assistance in securing free
transportation for the books and also
means to have them properly packed and
Shipped. A committee will endeavor to
arrange for the transportation of the
books from different parts of the coun
try. Jney will consult with Wells, Fargo
& Co. and the different railroads
Mrs. Merrill, for the Red Cross, was ap
pointed receiving and distributing agent
for the committee. Mrs. I. LcnvenEerg
accepted the position of chairman of the
library committee, and will appoint as
sistants..
Mayor Phelan put before the committee
the last letter received by him from the
late Colonel John D. Mlley, to whom
much honor is due as the originator of
the scheme for supplying the soldiers
with proper literature to while away the
dreary hours spent under a foreign' sky
As . far as possible the original Plans of
Colonel Miley will be carried out to the
letter, with new ideas as they occur to the
committee.
Although the plans have but lately
taken definite shape, subscriptions are be
ing received by the committee, Up to date
the following moneys have been contrib
uted: The Berkeley Red Cross, of which
Mrs Greenleaf was the organiser, sub
scribed $350; the State Red Cross. $250;
Mayor Phelan, $50. and Mrs J. Greenl*af
130. The committee expects the fund to
swell rapidly now that the organization
has been effected. Those wishing to add
to it can call on the treasurer. P. N
Lllienthal.
Colonel and Mr?. Oreenleaf will leave
for Manila at the end of October, and the
committee will await suggestions from
them. In the meantime the work of col
lecting bonks and money will go on
On behalf of the soldiers stationed for
an indefinite period in a foreign land— our
boys in the Philippines— an urgent appeal
Is made to all people of the United States
to all Americans, to help In whatever way
possible to Insure the permanent estab
lishment of the free library In the Philip
pines. Those who cannot subscribe mon"y
may give hooks, properly bound that can
be bandied and distributed in a circu
lating library. The army comprises men
who have left vocations and positions of
every sort to serve under the Stars and
Stripes, so books on all subjects will be
acceptable.
A house will be hired or bought In
Manila to be used as a library building
and reading-room, where every comfort
possible will be afforded the soldiers
Branches will be established In the other
towns where soldiers are stationed so
that all may have the benefit of the gift
of the American people.
Information will be supplied to the pub
lic through The Call as soon as a receiv
ing station for books has been secured
The- hearty co-operation of the public Is
desired.
Presented With a Button.
The members of Lodge No. S. Benevo
lent and Protective Order of Elks, pre
sented Brother John Morrlsey, manager
of the Orpheum, with a very handsome
Klk's button as a token of their esteem,
at their regular meeting last evening. Mr!
Morrlsey was Informed veaterday that his
presence was requested at the' lodge in
order that he might give suggestions In
reference to the memorial services that
will take place shortly; but ft was only a
blind. As soon as the brother mnds 'his
appearance In the lodgeroorn he was
called to the chair by the exalted ruler
H. S. Manning, find presented with the
button in an appropriate speech.
Nagle Club of Foresters.
I.r.st night at the conclusion of the
meeting of Court Washington, Foresters
of America, at Klks' Hall, on Suiter
street, the friends and fellow-members of
James I/. Xagle. Republican nominee, for
Police Judge, formed a club to assist him
In the coming campaign. The following
officers were chosen: S. Schweitzer pre---
Id^nt; F. Shaben. vice president; J. D
ECagan. secretary; M. Mopps. treasurer- S
L. Hoffman, scrgeant-at-arms. The club
decided to open headquarters at room 41S
Emma Spreckels building. The meeting
adjourned to meet again upon the mil of
the president. About 110 members signed
the roll.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many Clorgymen
Use Duffy's Pure rialt Whiskey in their
homes, and say it is a blessing to mankind.
Read the outspoken and fearless words of
Key. B. Mills, D.D. a prominent Presby-
terian minister, who recommended
Duffy's Pur © Malt Whiskey
in an article which appeared in the N.Y. Sun:
- . ..... Sleadc Center, Kans. :
Ay Dear Bro. : lour favor with the enclosed
slip is at hand. The facts are these : My wife was
an invalid for several years, and, on our physi-
cian's recommendation, used a certain preparation
with very great benefit. I received a letter in-
quiring as to its effects, to which I replied as
follows: "I am a Presbyterian clergyman, a
Doctor of Divinity, not of Medicine, but lam not
afraid to say that Duffy's Formula and Duffy's
Pure Malt \\ hiskcy are the purest and most effect-
ive preparations as medicines 1 know of, and my
experience is a large one." 1 am a temperance
nan, and never used, and would never ad vise any
man or woman to use. any intoxicant a* a bever-
age. My recommendation of Duffy's Formula
and Whiskey was made after a thorough knowl-
edge of their great value as medicines. The
statement was made deliberately and based upon-
facts, and I do not hesitate to stand by it. \ The
many temperance men who have written me on
this subject do not seem to realize that I was a
temperance man before many of them were born.
Sincerely yours, B. MILLS, D.D.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N.Y.
COL. LEONARD
CHARGES UPON
A HIGH COURT
Refuses to Obey Judge
De Haven.
MUST APPEAR FOR CONTEMPT
HIS TRIP TO MANILA MAY BE
DELAYED.
Court Remarked That It Was Un
heard of for a United States
Officer to Disregard a
Federal Judge.
Colonel Robert W. Leonard of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry, United States
Volunteers, is in trouble. He is up against
a Judge of th« United States District
Court, and has been cited to appear be
fore United States District Judge de Ha
ven at 9 o'clock this morning to show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt for refusing to obey an order
of court.
On Thursday of this week Judge de Ha
ven issued a writ commanding the colonel
to produce in court at 11 o'clock yester
day morning the body of Charles Hook, a
member of Company X of the colonel's
regiment. The boy's mother, .Emilia
Hook, had obtained a writ of habeas
corpus on her alleging that Charles was
not more than 17 yearss old and that he
was her sole support. Deputy United
States Marshal Burnhum served the writ
on the colonel at the Presidio.
"The boy is here," said Colonel Leon
ard, "and he is upstairs, if you want
him you may go and get him."
"I have no authority to bring the boy,"
replied Mr. Burnham. "This writ directs
you, the colonel commanding the regi
ment, to produce the boy in court."
"1 won t bring him." said the colonel,
with the air of General Grant when he
declared that he proposed to tight on a
certain line even if it occupied the entire
summer.
When 11 o'clock came yesterday neither
the colonel nor the boy appeared in court.
An adjournment was thereupon ordered
until 2 p. m., no one In the courtroom be
lieving for an instant that the colonel
would dare remain away and defy the
power of the Federal court.
When the hour of 2 p. m. arrived every
body connected with the case was present
in court except the boy and the colonel.
Deputy Marshal Burnham was placed un
der oath and recited into the amazed and
indignant ears of justice all the details
of his meeting with the dauntless colonel
and the conversation that had taken place
on that occasion.
On the wall to the left of the judicial
seat Is hung a portrait in oil of the late
Judge Hoffman. The face of the portrait
seemed to wear an unusually stern ex
pression as the eyes of Judge de Haven
rested upon it. In a moment afterward
Judge de Haven leaned forward in his
chair and addressing: United States At
torney Coombs remarked in that slow,
deliberate and calm judicial way which is
characteristic of the Judge of the District
Court that it was an unheard of proceed
ing for a United States officer to refuse
to obey a summons from the United
States District Court.
The court then ordered a writ issued
commanding Colonel Leonard to appear
this morning at 9 o'clock and show causa
why even he should not be punished for
contempt.
About an hour after the adjournment
the boy was brought to the office of
United States Marshal Shine by a ser
geant of Company F. but the Marshal
could not receive him. He must be sur
rendered by the colonel in person.
The Twenty-eighth Regiment is booked
to sail for Manila on Monday on one of
the six transports" which will leave on
that date for the Philippines. An apology
more or less abject from the military
point of view must be made to the court
If the. colonel* wishes to «all with his com
mand to slaughter the Tagallos.
Dewey Celebration Plans.
A meeting of the Dewey celebration
committee was held last evening, Captain
E. A. I/orenzo presiding. The rain kept
most rif the chairmen of sub-committees
away and not much progress was made
In the absence of reports. The finance
committee reported that business men had
been approached and were willing- to con
tribute fund*, but no deiinite amounts had
been mentioned yet. The parade commit
tee reported that about fifty organizations
had expressed a desire to take part in the
parade. Among the organizations that
will parade are Golden Gate and Califor
nia Comir.anderies. K. T. The Invitation
committee reported that 20/hX) Invitations
to the exercises in the Pavilion will be
ready at the next meeting. The chairman
was authorized to telegraph to Admiral
1 lewey and invite him to attend the cele
bration, or. If that is not feasible, to name
some one to represent him. Secretary Mc-
Xaughton suggested and the suggestion
was adopted that the next meeting of the
committee should be held in room 27,
Flood building, ne-xt Wednesday evening.
The subject of the Dewey float for the
procession wan Informally discussed and
the chairman was Instructed to have the
plans ready to report as soon as possible.
Beception to Kansas Soldiers.
The Twentieth Kansas will leave for the
Sact several days earlier than was an
ticipated and next Tuesday evening at
Mechanics' Pavilion will probably be t.*e
last opportunity the public will have to
do honor to this fumous regiment. In
connection with the short dril! they will
give there will be a band and promenade
concert General Shaft<>r and staff will
review the troops. General Funston and
General Wholly will also be invited as
fiiests of the evening: also officers of t/ie
"nitfd States battleship lowa. Reserved
sent tickets are now on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s, corner Sutter and Kearny
£tre"ets. _______________
RECEIVERS NOT NECESSARY.
Supreme Court on Building and Loan
Association Law.
Some time ago the Attorney General,
upon the complaint of the State Commis
sioners of the Building and Loan Associa
tions, began actions against the Union
Building and Loan Association of Sacra
mento and its directors. The Commission
ers concluded after examination that the
corporation was conducting its business
in an unsafe manner, such as to make its
further proceeding hazardous to the pub
lic and to those having funds In its cus
tody. The plaintiffs asked that a re
ceiver be appointed by the court to take
charge of the corporation's business. This
was done by the lower. court and an ap
peal was taken. : ';
The Supreme Court, after reviewing the
law relating to these corporations, con
cluded that while a receiver may be ap
pointed it does not follow that one should
have been appointed under the facts of
this case. Furthermore, the State is
neither a creditor nor stockholder and has
no pecuniary interest in the association.
It is neither alleged nor found that there
has been any fraud or mismanagement on
th« part of the directors or officers or any
want of competency on their part to liqui
date the indebtedness of the institution
economically «nd In the interest of its
creditors and stockholders; and that it
was not necessary- to have appointed a
r*?colv€*r. ■ •
The order of the higher court was that
the Judgment of the lower court should
be modified as to the receiver, but In
other respects, as to straightening out the
affairs of the association, the judgment
should stand. This decision Is of no small
Importance, as It establishes the law
which must be applied to many similar
cases. It plainly shows that unless mis
management, Incompetency or fraud is
shown on the part of officers and directors
of building and loan associations the busi
ness of liquidating ought to be handled
by those in charge and not by a receiver
oimninted by the court. " "^
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
HOME SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs. Margaret B. Pnrgster, Mrs.
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. Louise E. Hogan, Miss Anna Barrows, Mrs. Mary Roberts Smith
Miss Emily G. Balch. Miss Lucy Wheoluek and others.
I. THE HOME CONSTRUCTION".
BY HELEN CAMPBELL.
'"If men lived like men Indeed, their btfases
would t^ temples, which we shoul* hardly dare
Injure and in which it woulj make us holy to
be permitted to live. • • • I would have,
then, our ordinary dwelling houses built to ln?t.
and built to be lovely, as right and full of
pleasantness as may be, within and without,
and with such differences ns might express
each man's character and occupation and ;-art
ly his history."
In our American life, with Its perpetual
grasp for something better than its past
has known, each man may be said to
build a house to escape from rather than
to record his history. The majority pre
fer not to look backward, and the new
house enshrines no memory of the early
days of its owner, which may have been
in dug-out or log cabin or in one of the
uncompromisingly hideous little boxes
that make the suburbs of many cities.
But Ruskin, whose words open this pa
per, is as usual right in his demand that
the house of man shall be something it
seldom occurs to us to make It— a temple
wherein ordered and harmonious growth
may be a part of the dally life. The
house should be the best and utmost ex
pression of the home spirit; the best
adaptation of means to ends; the utmost
convenience and comfort for all under
its roof; the greatest ease in" necessary
work; the best space for individual as
well as family life. How is this to be
brought about? The plan is left to the
general builder— the contractor, whose
business it is to make as much show for
the money spent as brain can contrive,
and to skimp and curtail in whatever is
out of sight. Cheap building— houses
"made to sell"— is the first consideration.
Houses made to last and to improve with
age have not yet entered our thought of
construction.
At this point we see, then, certain needs
defining themselves, and we may well
group them under their distinct heads.
We are to consider
a. The individual plan.
b. Genera! sanitary aspects.
c. Materials and their handling.
d. Construction and its ethica.
In the limited space at command only
suggestions under each head can be given,
but it is hoped that the reader will gain
from them some new thought as to the
real nature of building and what it may
stand for in every human life. We have
first to consider, then,
The Individual Plan.
It will at once be insisted that there
can be no need of this, in face of the
fact that we have many books, large and
small, all devoted to the plans for all
sorts and conditions of men and their
dwelling places. There are admirable
ones to be mentioned, but this does not
affect In the slightest the discovery made,
by all who buy a house that they would
have built it quite differently at many
points. It is but very recently that the
architects' conference in one of our great
cities brought from one prominent mem
ber a recommendation that they turn
their attention to the architecture of farm
houses, and a better future thereby
awaits the farmer's wife and children,
at present compelled to live in structures
of a hideousnesK calculated to kill out
the sense of beauty as thoroughly as we
find it to be killed out in the mass of our
people.
This is one phase, and it applies to
workmen's houses of all degrees. Another
one and quite as Important is that ac
cording to the different pursuits of the
family should be the type of room of
fered them. A pair just beginning life
together may take the average flat or
small house. But presently, with chil
dren and their needs to consider, it is
found that the nursery or the living room
which must perhaps serve this purpose,
has no sun and thus is made unfit for
the growing child, whose birthright is
sunshine, and the strength and healing it
means for all. With the departure of the
old-fashioned garret, one playground for
the child, an invaluable one, since it gave
room for infinite "make-believe," vanished
also. Yet the child should have its own
play spot sacred from interference, pref
erably as remote from the other rooms as
possible, that its noise on rainy days may
not interfere with others; a place for
collections of all orders, for toys and
books and the tools the child loves to use,
and which are part of the training in use
of hand and brain together, that pres
ently we are all to know is the first es
sential of education.
All this is to be planned for, and it is
often possible to modify or alter the
formal plan of the architect and secure
this space. But the least skilled draughts
man can take pencil and paper, think out
the family needs as they have demon
strated themselves and see first how to
make a rough plan, then how to make
the available spaoe tell to the utmost for
family comfort. No matter how small the
sum, it will be better to do without a
formal parlor, we will pay, have a living
room ample and generous and put the
money saved into deadened floors and the
best finish. This matter of deadening
floors is seldom thought about, yet for the
most nervous people in Christendom it ia
an essential. "We all know the houses
where every sound is heard throughout,
and no escape for tired mother, for ailing
baby, for the invalid, if there be one, or
the patient who wants only quiet and rest
to come to strength speedily. In our
sounding-board houses this form of cure
is impossible, but it need not be. Plan,
then, to these ends, and see if there is not
an Instant gain in the conception of the
meaning of a house and what it is to
stand for in the family life.
General Sanitary Aspects.
This heading: means a volume. To un
derstand it fully there should be some
very earnest study, and the books best
adapted to this end are named in the little
bibliography accompanying this paper.
The shortest, most compact and most prac
tical is a manual prepared under the di
rection of one of the ablest of American
women, Mrs. Ellen H. Richards, professor
of chemistry in the Boston Institute of
Technology. "Home Sanitation" Is its
title, and it covers the ground for both
city and country as to the situation of the
house, its drainage and plumbing, its ven
tilation, heating and lighting, a set of
questions at the end of each delightfully
clear little chapter clinching all doubtful
points. There are many elaborate man
uals, but this and one or two others cover
all the ground and must be thoroughly
learned. A dry and well drained soil, a
house planned for as much sunshine as
possible in every room and perfect drain
age are the requisites for even the sim
plest dwelling. In the city the size of the
lot determines much. In the country it
can always be rejj^;ri"bered that it is by
no means necesswy to face the street
and that turning the house door to the
side may admit the sun to much better
advantage. Storerooms are better on the
north side for coolness, and the spare
room, less used probably than any other,
can much better dispense with the sun
than those in constant use. A little
thought over the general plan will settle
many questions of this nature.
Materials and Their Handling.
This is a matter supposed usually to be
quite beyond the comprehension of
women. Yet every woman can in a short
time learn the difference between good
and bad mortar, between seasoned and un
seasoned wood, between well laid courses
of brick and the makeshift which marks
much of the cheap building. She can
learn also what constitutes a good cellar
and good foundation, anil how a cellar
! floor should be made, with the virtue of
; cement and the value of smooth cellar
! walls. These are all phases of home sani
tation, and honest materials honestly put
together are an equal part of it. Crack
ing walls, settling and uneven floors, base
boards shrinking away and doors sagging
are due either to lack of knowledge or
lack of honesty on the builder's part. Wo
are a hasty people and kiln-dry our wood,
with no thought of the consequence. And
we are wedded to wood when all about is
another material more beautiful, more
durable and In many places less costly.
Common "rubble," the loose stone of the
neighborhood, put together with good
mortar and a course of brick here and
there, over windows, doors, etc., as fin
ish, wJli make a house beautiful to look
at, beloved of all climbing vines and pic
turesque under all conditions. Or there
may be a story of rubble and brick and
the upper portion finished in wood. But
architects — the thinking ones — urge more
and more the adoption of stone and brick
and give models within even very narrow
means.
Construction and Its Ethics.
Practically this 13 in great part included
in the heading "Materials." But there is
another point seldom thought of in the
matter of flimsy or substantial structure,
and that is the educational effect of hon
est workmanship, whether in house or its
finish and furnishing. The day for gin
gerbread work in house finish, the cheap
and most unbeautiful production of the
jigsaw, ia fast passing. Sanitation is
teaching us that smooth surfaces are not
only more healthful, since they give no
lodgment to bacteria, but are also more
beautiful. Veneers, save where wood Is of
so costly an order that it must be so used
or not at all, are also out of date. But we
still put cheap finish whenever we can,
covering half-mixed mortar in walls with
gay papers and making all out of sight
construction of the poorest quality of
wood. Our public buildings share often,
the same fate, because the sort of con
science that would not admit poor con
struction is not yet part of our teaching.
These things are to be a necessity, when
we are a little wiser, In all education, and
when that good day comes even our poli
ticians will have been so drilled in what
constitutes honest building that we shall
have a new order of homes and of public
buildings.
LI— THE HOME ENVIRONMENT.
Here again we have the possibilities of
a volume In our title, but being held rig
idly to the limits of a column or two can
only outline certain points that bear upon
all homes, whether rich or poor. In city
or country. Four phases present them
selves:
a. A new thought about building.
b. Possibilities of a back yard.
c. Building for privacy.
(1. A new phase of factory work for the horn*.
This question of the home environment
is like all the rest that bear upon ways
of living made easy or difficult by the
depth of the purse. But for the rich or
those of moderate purses there must be
first of all some sense of beauty and fit
ness or the story of their lack will be
plain to read in every line of the build
ing and its surroundings. The country
home should seem to have grown natur
ally in the spot where we find it, even
If set close among its neighbors. The
city house is limited in expression by the
narrow space upon which it stands, yet
even this, as we shall presently see, is
capable of different treatment, and is al
ready receiving it. But for every town
and village that has come to the sense
of beauty sufficiently to desire the best
arrangement and planning a harmonious
whole, it is still possible to reconstruct
at least a part of the space occupied.
The time is nearing when the smallest
settlement will be subject to building
laws laid down by competent authorities,
and every house will be planned with re
lation to its effect to the whole. Now
nnd from the beginning it has all been
chance work, and the thought of a gen
eral unity of plan and effect absolutely
unknown. Public buildings have been at
the mercy of mere contractors, and each
town has been a mere jumble of inco
herences. A change in this respect
means a change in the whole handling of
every phase of building; the growth of
the civic sense and of that sense of a
common obligation to make the most and
best of every opportunity for larger, hap
pier living. To this end a group of friends
who purpose building could easily take
counsel together, pool their resources, em
a thinking architect and start in
with a definite conception of what plan
of planting and building would produce
the best results. The very fact of hav
ing begun With this united purpose would
give a different expression to the whole.
As we do and have already done, a town,
even with the best natural advantages,
fails to show them to real advantage.
The wealthier people are planted in the
best places, and when it is presently dis
covered that parks and boulevards and
free access to a lake or river, for in
stance, are required as public needs,
every desirable foot of ground has already
been appropriated and everybody wonders
why nobody thought about it in the be
ginning.
Some thought and plan, then, Is what
all must take with them who m3ke a
country home. Suppose, however, that
one must live in a block. Even then we
are by no means so helpless as we have
believed. The great apartment houses
have shown us how much comfort can
be increased by the lessening of labor,
a common heating apparatus and plumb
ing system doing away at once with some
of the heaviest labor of the private home,
the care of fire and all the dirt and trou
ble of coal and ashes. A well-known
Brooklyn builder, Alfred White, who put
up the first model tenement houses, has
since built a block of small houses, the
first one in this country, about an open
conrt with fountains, trees and shrubs.
No millionaire's house has more perfect
finish, and building an entire block at
once the expense for each house was so
reduced as to enable the landlord to rent
them for less than the same sum charged
for individual houses. On a small city
lot there seems no chance for change.
Not long ago one of our best and most
progressive architects, Russell Sturgis,
told us in a popular magazine how to
build on a city lot so that there might
be an actual front yard planted in such
fashion, all given in detail, drawing by
drawing, that the street seemed quite put
away.
Note— Papers I, 11, 111 and IV on "The
Home Healthful and Beautiful," by Mra.
Campbell, will be continued next week.
Campaign Against Mayas.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 20.— Governor
Francisco Canton of the State of Yucatan
has arrived here from New York -,ity,
where he purchased a large amount of
supplies to be used in the campaign now
being waged against the Maya Indians
in Yucatan. He and President Diaz have
had several conferences regarding the In
dian uprising and it is understood that
Governor Canton will take personal
charge of the campaign upon bis return
to Yucatan next week.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No change in Silver and financial quotations.
Wheat weaker ami dull all over the world.
Barley firm, with a demand to fill shorts.
Oats and Rye firmly held, but quiet. Corn dull.
Fine Hay shows a 'further advance. Other grades unchanged.
Beans continue to advance.
Sweet Potatoes lower. I T egetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs quieter at the extreme prices.
Poultry and Game in ample supply and quiet.
Wine and Table iirapes continue weak and quiet.
Fresh supplies of Limes on the market.
ng new in I hied Fruits.
isions in fair demand at Previous prices.
\ ers s tUl fullness in Hops.
(inn at the good prices.
Meat iiur quoted.
Coal in limit ■ I Inn.
Charters.
The Nlc Thayer goes in ballast to ■ perl «
Island for guano for Honolulu.
The Kobt. K. Hind loads coal at Departure j
Bay lor Honoipu and Mahukona.
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Mail advices from New York say: "The j
week's markets have been more satisfactory
than any previous week this season. There
have bsvn r.o particularly large sales, but the ,
aggregate of s.-m.Il ones has made a heavy j
business. Commission men have not done so j
well takins the week as a whole, as they
hale during some previous week*, .but Jobber*
report a very active trade, comprising fair pro- }
portions of "all varieties. Demand is Increas- .
iIK rapidly, and business is upon a much
more encouraging basis than ii was at the
close of any week this year. .
■prunes arc considered rather unsatisfac- .
tory goods to buy at present? [because ofSthe
variation of prices owing to the impossibilit> |
of securing certain desired sizes. Forties, com
mand a premium of >4c and SO-Ws are Quoted
up "4@Wc when nought by themselves. Hold
ers are "very cautious about letting the large j
sizes and the small ores go, but sell Instead,
wherever possible, three sizes at So basis, f.
o I. . in bags. The four sizes are held a trille
Bt liter and a few sellers say they have re- I
eelved better than 3c, but the statement is i
unconfirmed. There is unquestionably a better
feeling in the market, however, and an ad
vance is expected at any time.
"There are numerous small sales of raisins.
New crop stocks are beginning to arrive, and
trade is now active on that account. No large'
transactions are reported, but negotiations for
Borne important transfers a:-e !n progress. Out
elde goods are selling with considerable free
dom below association figures, but compara
tively few can be offered, and what th»n» are
■will exert little intlu-nce in ihj mr.et. )
"Peaches are not so active ns they have
been, but sales are still heavy at full ijuoted
prices. The bulk of the selling on the coast j
is for Western delivery, but there are some j
Eastern buyers who are taking good supplies, i
An interesting statement is made regarding i
the en. p. It Is said that the output is not so
large as has been said, and that there may be
a more or less serious shortage of desirable
qualities later. This is given as one reason |
for the constant improvement in prices, and j
indicates that jitrhaps peaches will prove bet
ter property than was anticipated.
"Apricots move with moderate freedom on
Fmall orders. Stocks ire virtually in second '
hands, which compel.* the payment of high
prices for the bulk of purchases.
"Figs are steady, but sales are liberal. Cali
fornia shippers report much the best demand
nn the coast they have ever known, and good
prices re obtained for this year's crop."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20. 1599— 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California lay:
Eureka San Diego ''*
Fresno 72 Sacramento 60
Los AnsreW 70 Independence 72
Rr>d Hhiff 5S Yuma 88
San LiMh Obispo 70
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
02: minimum, 54: mean. SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
ern coast, and the larger portion of the storm
has crossed the Cascades, and is well on its
•way to Manitoba. High winds prevail along the
northern coast and a maximum velocity of 40
mil«s per hour is reported at Fort Canby.
Rain has fallen generally over the Pacific
Coast from San Francisco northward. At Red
Bluff over an inch of rain -has fallen.
The temperature is from S to 10 degrees be
low the normal in the great valleys of Cali-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h'.urs ending mldnitrht. October 21. 1899:
For Northern California— Unsettled weather,
with occasional showers; southerly, changing to
southwesterly, winds Saturday.
For Southern California— Cloudy weather,
i,], showers in the mountains; light south
westerly winds Saturday.
Fi.r Nevada— Rain Saturday.
For L'tah— Rain Saturday; colder.
For Arizona— Fair Saturday.
■ For San Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled
■wtather, with occasional showers Saturday;
southerly, changing to southwesterly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The point of greatest
Interest in today's stock market was the ac
tive speculation in Pullman, which was rushed
•up after yesterday's sharp reaction an ex
treme :>V. points to 207%. a record price. The
motive was the official confirmation of the
merging of the Pullman and Wagner Palace
.Car Companies, which the stock tape bat fore
shadowed for some time past. The published
assertion that the Vanderbilts are to get the
Pullman holdings of Boston and Albany and
Boston and Maine stocks as an Incident to the
d»ai and that the New York Central would
thus gain control of New England railroad
affitlrs, gave the bulls an opportunity for an
active* speculation in New York Central. They
lifted the price of the stock an extreme 3**.
Th • Influence of this movement on the rest of
the list was marked, the other Vamlerbllt
ttoeks. of course, moving most closely in sym
pathy. The bears covered heavily all through
the list. The prominent Industrial specialties
were most affected especially sugar and
Brooklyn Transit, the dealings In which were
very large. The hesitation which had been i
caused earlier in the day by marked weak
ness of the glucose stocks and by sympathy
of other Industrials was overcome by th'! j
strength of Pullman and New York Central, i
and prices of the railroads rose quite gener
ally above last night's level. The easing of i
the rate for sterling exchange encouraged the
rise, but it gave way to profit-taking In the
last hour, when the preliminary estimates of
the movement of money for the week appeared
and the rate for call money stiffened to 3 per
cent.
The most active stocks reacted a point and
in Pullman the reaction extended to nearly
seven points. There was ].■,•> rally before
the close, which was firm and at small net
gains for most stocks. The strength Of tli<»
market, however, was not widely distributed,
and in fact was almost wholly confined to the
few most active stocks. The banks have
trained slightly from the sub- treasury on rou
tine operations by reason of continued large
disbursements for Government expenditures
and on account of anticipated interest. But
the outgo of money to the interior has been
heavy. The week's shipments by some large
banks have been the largest of the season.
The net result is estimated by experts at a
loss in cash by the banks of nearly $2,000,000.
The easing of the exchange ra,te, in spite of
a slight hardening in the London discount rate,
was significant. The outgo of gold to London
may be averted, but it will be ljecause of a
higher money rate here. Interior rates for New
York exchange show no cessation of demand
from those quarters.
The activity In bonds was somewhat de
creased and there was weakness at some points.
Total sales, par value, 470,000.
United States bonds unchanged In the bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid.
2.400 Atchlson 20»i
24. L-r. Atchison prefd 641.4
l,obo Baltimore & Ohio 524
Canadian Pacific .„ 93%
2,620 Canada Southern .-••• 62% i
Centra] Pacific
LOW Chesapeake & Ohio 23"s
2.4' X) Chicago Great Western 14%
16,950 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 131
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 12
Chicago Ind & Louisville 43
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 5%
1,600 Chicago & Northwestern 171
2.:Wj Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 113 1 *
■5,010 C C C & SI Louis 65% .
Colorado Southern 4 7 ,
410 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4R'i
200 Colorado Southern M prefd 16"s
550 Delaware & Hudson 121%
2.100 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. l^OVj
1.250 Denver & Rio Grande 2iy»
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75
Erie 13
Erie Ist prefd 36
1.270 Great Northern prefd 173
Hooking Coal i<:
--250 Hocking Valley 31M:
13,50-3 Illinois Central 115%
[nwa Central 13U
lowa Central prefd 56
SCO Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf IV.
300 Lake Erie & Western 19
Lake Erie & Western prefd >»':
Lake Shore 198
4,713 Louisville & Nashville 83
8,140 Manhattan Elevated 108H
4.6C0 Metropolitan Street Railway 194»4
500 Mexican Central 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis 71 1 .*
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94%
4,02" Missouri Pacific 43M>
Mobile & Ohio 45
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12V.
530 Missouri Kansas St Texas prefd 38
560 New Jersey Central 119U
34.001 New York Central 135%
510 Norfolk & Western 2-1 3
200 Norfolk a Western prefd 69
6.250 Northern Pacific 53 5 ;
2.410 Northern Pacilic prefd ''■',
6,200 Ontario & Western 24' 8
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76*;
7,;00 Pennsylvania 132 v. 4 
2uO Reading 21
1,000 Reading let prefd >'•■»
Reading 2d prefd 31',^
Rio Grande Western 37*
Rio Grande Western prefd SO
• 100 Si Louis .v San Fran 11
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3544
136 St Louis Southwestern ll r
450 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
15,400 St Paul 125%
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 120
16,075 Southern Pacific 37%
1,000 Southern Railway 12
7.762 Southern Railway prefd 53%
1,400 Texas & Pacific 17%
13,000 Union Pacific 44%
7,085 Union Pacific prefd 77%
abash 7
300 Wabash prefd 21Vi
3,220 Wheeling & Lake Erie ll\i
1.675 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 30
140 Wisconsin Central 16
P C C & St Louis 724
Express Companies
Adams 11l
American 14S
t/nited States "1
100 Wells Fargo 132
Miscellaneous—
1,250 American Cotton Oil 44%
2<M) American Cotton Oil prefd 95
200 American Malting: 12%
100 American Malting prefd 56
547 American Smelting & Refining 86%
COO Am Smelting & Refining prefd i£%
100 American Spirits 3Vi
American Spirits prefd 20
1,000 American Steel Hoop 47
200 American Steel Hoop prefd R2>4
33,430 American Steel & Wire '•• ,
2,410 American Steel & Wire prefd 95%
1.250 American Tin Plate 36
100 American Tin Plate prefd S3Vi
6,100 American Tobacco 120V4
l"0 American Tobacco prefd 143U
■i.679 Anaconda Mining Co 45%
6G,.S'J.) Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84-*
. C3O Colorado Fuel & Iron 54%
IT.' Continental Tobacco 4Hj
1,500 Continental Tobacco prefd :<'.'>
lT.f-10 Federal Steel £3%
1,425 Federal Steel prefd 77 1 *
350 General Electric 119%
i 14.397 Glucose Sugar 49%
1,030 Glucose Sugar prefd IC6
International Paper 24 t)
International Paper prefd 70
K3.i I-iclede Gas 7S
1.000 National Biscuit 40%
National Biscuit prefd 97
300 National Lead 28%
National . Lead prefd 110
' 1,200 National Steel 45%
,'■3' i National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake 147
100 North American 12%
7CO Pacific Coast 47'^
100 Pacific Coast Ist prefd 88%
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd - 66
■ i.480 Pacific Mail 89%
i 5.760 People's Gas 112
100 Pressed Steel Car 56
1.050 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89
14,190 Pullman Palace Car 205
Standard Rope &■ Twine fi' 2
44,2*0 Sugar '. 146$
136 Sugar prefd 117
4.4 Tennessee Coal & Iron 117%
9.010 United States Leather 14%
! 1,000 United States Leather prefd 77H
j T'nlted States Rubber 46
100 United States Rubber prefd 112
1,000 Western Union 57%
445 Republic Iron & Steel 25
420 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 70%
444,800 Total Sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s. Reg 100V4IM. X & T 2d5..... 63
do 3s. Reg 107%! do 45.... 92%
- do 3s. coup li"iß% N V Cent lots 112>4
do new 4s, reg...^;' J Cent pen 55... 119
do new 4s, coup.. 129% North Carolina .127
do old 46. Reg lUVij do 4s 104
do old 4s, c0up. .112 [Northern Pac lsts.. 113
do ss, .reg 110% do Cj 85%
do 5s coup lll l i do 4s 102 Mi
DtSt Col 3 65b 117 NY.C& St L 45.. 104
Alabama claps A. .110 Nor & W cons 45.. 924
Alabama class 8..110 do gen 6s 135
Alabama claps C..103 Oregon Nay 15t5. .115
Alabama currency. 100 • do 4s 10314
I Atchlson gen 4s —99 Or Short Line .127%
do adjustment 4s. 86% do conisol Bs 115 Vi
Can Southern 2de..108 Reading gen 45... 8714
; C &O, 4 1-25 95 KG & W lsta 97
do la IIS Ft L& I M con Ss.llOH
I C & N Consol 75. .145 St L & S F gen 65.124Vs
do S V F Deb 55...105%'5t Paul c0n5015. ...169
Chicago Term 45.. 98 St P. C & P 15t5. .121%
D & R G lsts 105 . do 6a I2OV
\ do 4b S9Vd' Southern Ry 55... 108%
P Ten. V & G lsts. 103% ! Stand R & T 65.... 79
Erie genera] 4s — 70 1 * Term new sett 35.. 95
1 F W & D C Ist... 78 Texas & I'as 15t5. .114%
Gen Electric ...112 i do 2ds 56
Gal, H & S A 65. .110 Union Pac 4s 108%
do 2de 108 Wabash lsts 115
H& T Central 110% do 2ds 100%
do Consul 63 11014 West Shore 4s 112
IK C, P& G lsts.. 51 Wise Cent lsts 75%
La new Cons 45... jVa Centuries 86
X C, P & G 15t5. .106 Va deferred 5
L & N Unified 45. .100 Col S 45... g6
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point 32 Ophir 77
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 80 Quicksilver prefd.. 650
Hale & Norcroes.. 33 Sierra Nevada s8
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 52 1 Union Con ' 31
; Mexican ....' 25 Yellow Jacket 25
Ontario 7 75]
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - I Union Land 4
Call loans 6 West End 94
Time loans 6@6 West End prefd . 115
Stocks— West Electric 46
A T & S F 21 Mining Shares—
A T & S F prefd.. 64>/i Adventure .... 6
American Sugar ..146^ Allouez Mln Co. . 414
Bell Telephone ...169 Atlantic ' 26U
Boston & Albany.. 2so Boston & Montana 340
Boston Elevated.. .lo7 Butte & Boston 70
Boston & Maine. ..2oo Calumet & Heclal'74'»
CM Bur & Q 130K Centennial ......7. 24
i Fltchburg prefd. ..ll9 Franklin 16
i General Electric. .ll9% Humboldt  ' - 114
■ Gen Elec prefd.. Osceola " si*
Federal Steel 53% Parrot 4414
I Fed Steel prefd.... 78 JQuinoy .'163
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT,!,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
Mexican Central.... 13% j Santa Fe Copper.. 10%
Mich Telephone 1"4 Tamarack 215
Did Colony 205 Wlnona "'*
Old minion 3»>; Wolverines 88%
Rubber 45% i Utahs 86%
Union Pacific 44 1 "
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ing at cities for the week ended October 19,
ISS9, with the percentage of increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $1,242,107,680 38.8
Boston 1+6,217,417 43.4 ....
Chicago 146,238,758 43.4
Philadelphia 92.:it5.3fi7 27. 4 ....
St. Louis 35.794.246 15.9 ....
Pittsburg- 58.281.C64 122.0
Baltimore .-. 20,925.687 3.9 ....
San Francisco 22.935,922 20.5 ....
Cincinnati 15,797.300 24.5 ....
Kansas City 16.754,893 14.3 ■ ....
New Orleans 13.333,521 37.9 ....
Minneapolis 17,646,564 36.7 ....
Detroit 8.732,001 19.2 ....
Cleveland 11,692,245 31.3 ....
Louisville 9,157.414 33.1 ....
Providence 5.G53.100 33.3 ....
Milwaukee 6,421,298 • 19.7 ....
St. Paul 6,409,253 4.2 ....
Buffalo 5,776,992 20.2
Omaha 6.566.316 .... 15. 5
Indianapolis ' 6,995,341 16. S
Columbus. 0 6.994,600 36.1
Savannah 2.730,447 .... 11.1
Denver 4,807,927 35.5 ....
Hartford 2,860,492 32.4 ....
Richmond 2,962,675 12.9 ....
Memphis 2,591,530 12.1 ....
Washington 2,573,200 17.1 ....
Peorla 2,237,037 25.9 - ....
Rochester .-. 1.872,046 .... 6.5
New Haven 1,763,864 20.5
Worcester : 1.586,858 3.6*
Atlanta 2.620.257 42.3 ....
Salt Lake City 2.592,977 36.3 ....
Springfield^ Mass... 1,517,668 2.0 ....
Fort Worth 1,038,612
Portland, Me 1,249,142 .... 22.3
Portland. Or 2.286,574
St. Joseph... 3,264,914 39.3
Los Angeles 1,721,976 20.2 ....
Norfolk 1,518.031 33.6 ....
Syracuse 1,185,781 10.2 ....
Dea Moines 1.452.030 15.2
Nashville 1,555,650 ....
Wilmington, Del... 966,887 37.0
Fall River 891,240 7.2
Scranton 1,175,544 ....
Grand Rapids 1.313.304 34.5
Augusta, Ga 1,135,199 5.1
Lowell 614.370 .... 23.5
Dayton, 0 1.084,855 25.2
Seattle 2,425.093 62.2 ....
Tacoma 1,173.360 36.0 ....
Spokane 1.350.202 29.8 ....
Bioux City 1.225,230 15. 5
New Bedford 712,711 .... 24.2
Knoxville. Term... 647.663 58.5
; Topeka 750,703 -6.3
Birmingham 708,897 47.7
! Wichita 412,521 .... 11.0
Binghamton 4'"> 100 .... ...
Lexington, Ky 476,847 11.7
! Jacksonville, Fla.. 188,345 17.0
| Kalamazoo 493,064 24.7 ....
j Akron 476,000 46.9
j Chattanooga 389,117 17.1 ....
Rockford. 11l 274.994 31.1
! Canton. 0 281,400 39.8 ....
I Springfield, 0 298.171 85.0 ....
I Fargo, N. D 693.583 34. * ....
i Sioux Falls. S. D... 171,396 37.9
! Hastings, Nebr 141. 957 . .. ....
I Fremont. Nebr 143,304 62.5
! Davenport 857,122 16.9 ....
! Toledo 2.361.665 63.2
| Oalveston 8,605,200 .... 19.1
j Houston 8,690,644 10.3
1 Youngstown 325.664 5.2
! Bvansville 1,324.225 50.2
Helena 728.661 .... 6.6
Macon 834.000
Springfield, 11l 557.723 40.1
Little Rock 509,058 56.6 ....
! Saginaw 358,318 ....
Totals. U. 5... .51,953,763,877 48. 0
Totals 0i) tside
New York 711,656,197 32.3 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
: Montreal $14,081,207 .... . 4.1
Toronto 9,000,096 12.3 . .
Winnipeg 2,302,396 9.3
j Halifax 1,189,087 .... 2.0
■ Hamilton 654.693 21.3
. St. John, N. B 676.916
Victoria 690.323 .... ....
Totals $27,904,395 2.1 ....
New York Money Market. j
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Money on call, firmer '
at s@B per cent; last loan. 6 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, sVi@6 per cent; sterling ex-;
1 change easier with actual, husiness in bankers'
' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand and $4 S3ViW
4 s3' 2 for sixty days: posted rates, 14 84%4@
4 > v '_-; commercial bills. $4 &2V4; sliver certifi- :
; cates, 58{j59c; bar silver, 57% c; Mexican dol- j
lars, 47-; Government bonds, steady; State
; bonds, weak; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $2SS, 249,315; gold reserve,
(254,412,580.
London Market.
NEW YOHK. Oct. 20.— The Commercial Ad
' vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Kaffir shares were buoyant and absorbed the
I main Interest In to-day's dealings on the re
| ports of I'.ntish victory at Glencoe. The other
markets were firm but lifeless. Americans
started In fractionally above parity, but they
Idled until some New Y'>rk buying hardened
them at the close. Final prices were at the
top. Illinois Central and Southern Hallway
were in particular demand. Mllwaukees were
1 heavy.
I Spanish 4's were quoted at 61V&: Tintos, 4^'i;
Anacondas, 9 15-lfi. The bank bought £73.00Q
lin bars and £14,000 In French coin: £20,000
in from Australia and £20,000 went to the
Cape.
Money was unaltered, but discounts were
j easy, with bills being held hack. The bank
I lowered Its buying price on the eagles to 76s
Ed.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Canadian Pacific, RR%;
Union Pacific preferred, "S'/i: Northern Pacific
preferred. 71%; Atchison, 21%: Grand Trunk.
1\; Anaconda, '■>%; bar silver steady, 26% d;
money, 2@2Vj per cent.
Bradstrect's Financial Review.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Bradstreefs, In IU
review of the New York stock market to-mor
row, will Fay:
Ftlcps improved this week, the stock market
slow In? a rally from the depression caused
by tight money and the South African war.
Early in the week a better tone appeared in
the loan market, rates for money on call de
clining to 43J.5 per cent, wltjj 6 per cent as
the extreme. The completion of the large set
tlement connected with the Central Pacific re
adjustment also relieved the money market
!]■ m f.-:trs of further generaJ disturbance of
lrans. and it would appear tt>at large Inter
ests were encouraged to give renewed support
to advance their' specialties. The buying pow
er was maJnly supplied by a large short In
terest which had accumulated during the pant
month. The market, at the same time, is sen
sitive to the financial conditions here and
abroad. The easier tone In the New
York money market Is calculated to
facilitate a movement of gold from
thi* side to London, which the temporary
fulling off of grain exports, the scarcity of.
commercial bills of exchange and the rise of
sterling rates to J4 S7'<i rendered a possibility.
The fact that the London money market in
being carefully tended and kept free from dis
turbance as a preparation for an expected war
loan might Involve the Bank of England's
taking advantage of these exceptional condi
tions and procuring some millions of gold from
New York. It was, of course, recognised that
such a movement could not be very large nor
continue for any time, yet the stock market
was Inclined to watch this part of the situa
tion with much attention. The firmness of
the London stock market continued and there
was even some buying at times from that
quarter, while on Friday the news of Prlt
ish success in the first engagements stimulated
London and had an effect on prices here.
Btadstreefs on Trade.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Pradstreet'B to-mor
row will cay: More nearly perhaps than ever
before does the volume of general trade and
industry tax existing transportation facilities
handling tlie Fame. From nearly all parts of
the country, but particularly from the West
nnd South, come reports of car scarcity. Sonve
of this congestion seems to be the result of a
diversion of traffic ordinarily carried on by
water routes to already crowded railroads. The
inability of present transportation facilities
to cope with the existing situation Is, how
ever, not confined to domestic trade lines. From
both coasts of this country come reports of
insufficient tonnage offering to handle goods
seeking a foreign outlet and freight rates are
, msiderably higher than they were a year or
more ago. This latter feature, in fact, is one
which may have Important .-fleets upon our
foreign trade during the balance of the year.
With few notable exceptions prices continue
strong. A number of lines have advanced quo
tation*, while the great body of staple articles
manifest all their old firmness. Some weak
ness in wheat prices is directly traceable to
higher fre-ight rates, because of the partial
cl.xdng of the door to relief from growing do
mestic storks. Touching the wheat situation,
however, it may be said that while present
statistics of stocks of domestic and European
are bearish estimates of the year's crop"con
tinue to afford strength to the bulls' position.
An average of five leading European estimates
points to a world's crop this year not far from
00,000 bushels and a falling off of 825,000,-
Oi>) to 376.000,00 bushels from last year is in
dicated, against which, of course, is to be
reckoned Increased supplies, visible and in
visible, of at least two-thirds of that amount.
Raw wool is tinner and even higher on better
demand at the East, some heavy speculative
transactions being reported. The strength of
lumber Is apparently undiminished, though
supplies are reported more liberal at some
markets, but lumber mills are very generally
reported rushed with orders.
Returns of export tra.de do not as yet reflect
the effect of recent advances in freight rates
and show th" movement of merchandise abroad
I during September to have been the best re
j corded for that month, being 22 per cent larger
tban a year ago anil ~..fi per cent larger than
September two years ago. For the nine months
our exports exceed those of 1898 by 4 per cent,
a maintenance of which gain would indicate a
total export for the calendar year of 1899 of
| $1,300,000,000, which total, however, may be still
| further exceeded if the freight situation Im
proves. ,
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4.160,618 bushels, against 5,263,
--f.34 last week, 4.2^2. <7s In the corresponding
week of 1898, 5,652,171 in 1897, 4,007,271 in lS9(i
] and 2,658,554 in 1895.
Business failures for the week number 221. as
compared with lfit lust week, 213 In this week
a year ago, 22:> in ISL<7, 292 in IS'I6 and 259 in
JS3S.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for tbe week number 2*, as compared with 19
last week, 24 in this week a year ago, 27 in
1897, 4S in 1896 and 3G in 1595.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— R. O. Dun ft Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
In must lines business continues to expand,
though In some there are signs that Inlying has
been checked, either because prices have out
run the views of buyers or because recent pur
chases have been so heavy that nobody is left
in need. Prices are still advancing, in almost
every line supported by rising prices of ma
terials, arnl works everywhere are still crowded
to their utmost capacity, while at many points
it is found hard to get enough competent hands.
Hut the volume of business expressed in values
rises much more than prices, showing a re
markable increase in quantities of goods ex
changed.
The outbreak of war in South Africa has
brought no such changes as many feared. In
England the markets have treated it as an
event already overdiscounted, and relations
with this country were not appreciably af
fected. The outgo of cotton is just now
checked, but of other great Btaples and manuf
acturers' pr< ducts the foreign demand is sur
prisingly SUM;.
Wheat has declined i'» ■ In price in spite of
unfavorable crop reports; and Western receipts
do not keep up with the unprecedented move
ment of last year, having been but 23,454,400
bushels, against $0,592,494 bushels during three
weeks of October last year. But Atlantic ex
erts. Hour Included, have been in three weeks
of October 10, 6711.216 bushels,
bushels last year, and Pacific exports 1,539.188
bushels, against 2,289,312 bushel! last year. Be-
I iubt prices would rise far and fast with
such a foreign demand if iti;.'.l and other
current reports of yield were fully en
i lorn exports ha^ c been in 1 - 1,924, -
4uti bushels, against 7,002 039 bushels last year.
Wool bat werful specu
Interest, and Bales of " inds for the
week at the three central markets represent
iilm ut twice the consumption. But it is : ■ I
that manufai turers, cxi lusive of the American
en Company, have I n buying quite
freely, and while goods for men's wear out
side of worsteds were not particularly
there ha-s been excellent business in dress
goods.
- of 50.000 tons Bessemer pie and a re
ported demand for 100.000 tons billets in a bare
market at Pittsbi -; have made quotations less
Intelligent than usual. Bessemer sales at $2.'.
for next year nnd }24 50 for this year at
burg Rre reported, with billet sales at Hi to
(40 and Bales of Bheet bars at $3* per ton. The
"U-'M'Tn market is strong and the Eastern not
changed. w>. le large i rders for bars an- re
fused ut Pittsburc by the works, which are
full for many months ahead, others just start
ing are seeking such orders at 2.01 cents, and
the Chicago and Pitta burg markets are still
full of orders for plates, although the works at
Pittshurg have nearly caught up. and some of
them are now taking only 2.73 cents, against
2.'jo cents last w.-.-k. Borne works ar>- also
taking orders for shf-ots at 3.10 cents, and in
other are signs that the enor
mous production begin; to be felt. There is a
possibility Of check, owing to shortage of cars
',: Connellsvllle, Which restricts delivery of
coke, the output for the week having bet n
■ tons, with more ovens in operation and
pi c unchanged. In the niinor metals tin is
very dull and declining at Sl%c. and the copper
marker | . ■ been broken, Lake being freely of
ered at
Failures for the week have been 145 in the
United States," ri<. m in c t 221 hist year, and 20 in
Canada, against 24 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, October 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.294; exports, 15.1.4.I 5 . 1.4. Opened steads' with a
fair demand, but turned easier owing to con
tinued decline in wheat.
WHEAT Receipts," 1BB.000; exports, 27,948.
Spot, weak; No. " red, 7".%e f. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 1 Northern DuluUl 7SV»c r. <>. b.
afli at to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 70% cto
arrive; No. 2 red, 73% c elevator. Options
opened steady, %c lower, cables being unfav
orable, receipts in the Northwest larger and
speculative support entirely withheld. Later
prices improved He on local covering-, follow
-1 ing predicted large export purchases. But
again the market weakened under liquidation,
exporters not buying to the extent expected
and the local crowd turning bearish. • Closed
weak at net decline of 7 ,f'!-\ the lowest of the
day. March dosed 7 .«'...■: May. 7S%@79^c.
closed > ■■ ; October. 72 16-16#73%c. closed
73*ic: December, 75 1 /8®73 11-16 c, closed 75% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
The market for metals was small and dull
to-day. The news from outside markets proved
i disappointing, but the unsatisfactory condition
I of the market here was due more to Indiffer
ence of buyers and less optimistic views of
sellers than to anything else. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull, at $18; nominal.
LAKE COPPER— 18c.
TlN— Lower. $31 BO bid and $31 65 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper 17% c.
SPELTER— DuII, $5 30 bid and $5 40 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 20026 points
net lower. Sales. 38.000 bags, including No
vember. ?4 SO«J4 90; December. $4 85®5 10; Janu
ary, $4 95®6 10: March, ?:> 1005 20; May, $5 201x1
5 30: June, $5 2605 40; July. $i 1006 40; August,
I $;> 35@5 55: September, $•' 4ftfi;. 45. Spot coffee—
! Rio steady to firm. Mild, firm.
SUGAR— Raw, firm and tending upward; re
fined, steady but Blow.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6®7c;
prime wire tray, 7%'3Sc; choice, B»4@BVic;
fancy, B'W9c.
PRUNES 3%ffzß%C. - :.:
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 33®15c; Moorpark, 15918 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, Me; unpeeled, 7%@10c.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California Fruit: Grapes— Tokays,
$1 lOf/l 7" single crates, $1 So<ft2 65 double crates;
Cornichon. Jl 30@l 40. Peaches— Salways, Ji 05
(a\ U. per box. Prunes- -Italian. $1 Vi&i 40 single
crates. Eight carloads of fruit were sold to
day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Earl Fruit Company s
sales of California Fruit: Grapes — Cornichons,
$1 35@1 55 single crates. $2 93 double crates; To
kays. $1. iiv,:i c, single crates, J2 25@2 60 double
crates; Malaga. $1 06@l 25. Prunes— ltalian, 70c
(gsl. Six carloads of fruit were sold to-day.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20. - Heaviness nbroo.l and
free Argentine shipments to Europe started
•wheat weak and lower. The bears were In
clined to work within nnrruw limits, howeve r,
and as the market at the outset was consid
erably under put figures, a partial recovery
followed on buying against privileges. Cov
ering by shorts, owing to moderate domestic
receipts and the strength developed by corn,
also added somewhat to the upturn. The liqui
dation, however, was of sufficient volume to
prevent anything like an enduring advance,
and as the demand was short lived the mar
ket soon started on the down grade again. The
bean were disinclined to push their advantage,
•and trade finally became so dull that for an
hour in the middle of the session there was
scarcely any change in price. Finally longs,
who had been waiting for an upturn to un
lnnd, l"St patience, and offerings becoming
quite plentiful the market gave way under the
pressure and ended up at the bottom of the
day's range. Indications of. an Increase of
2,000,000 bushels in the visible supply this |
week hastened the decline. December opened |
%c lower at 70% c. sold sparingly at 70%e, ad- |
vanced to 70% c, declined to V. and closed
with sellers at 70V«®70%c.
Corn was relatively strong and active. Poor
husking returns and a steady increase on local
Stock! encouraged general buying, but the
weakness of wheat had an unfavorable effect
and the advance was lost. December closed
at 30% c.
There was very little trading in oats and
. what little fluctuation occurred was due al
most entirely to sympathy with corn. Decem
ber closed at 22%@22%c.
Provisions were tame and featureless, prices
just about holding their own. January pork
and ribs closed a shade higher.
The loading- futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
October 69 69^4 68% 68%
December 70% 70% 70% 70%
May 74Vi 74% 74 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 30% 30% 30% 30%
December 30* . 30% 30% 30%
May 32 32% 31% ' 32%
Oats No. 2— '-.;'
December 22*. 22% 22% 22%
May 24% 24% 24 24U i
Mesa Pork, per bbl —
December 7 82% 7 87% 7 82% 7 82%
January 9 30 9 35 9 30 9 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 515 5 17% 515 615
January 530 6 32% 530 530
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
■ December 4 67% 470 4 67% 4 67%
January 4 87% 490 485 4 87%
''ash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 69%®71c; No. 3 i
Spring Wheat 64®70c; No. 2 Red, 71@71%c; No. j
2 Corn 32@32 I ,ic: No. 2 Oats, 22% c; No. 2 White, j
25%@26c; No. 3 White. 25@25%c; No. 2 Rye,
55% c; No. 2 Barley, 40(?f41c : No. 1 Flax Seed,
}! 32%; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork, ;
! per bbl. Ss@7 90: Lard, per 100 lbs— $5 20@ •
5 22%: Short-rib Sides (loose), $4 75@5 10; Dry
j Salted Shoulders (boxed), $6@6 12%: Short Clear
; Sides (boxed), ?5 40@5 50; Whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gal. $123; Sugars, Cut Loaf,
5.70 c; Granulated, s.lSc.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 140.000 7,000
Corn, bushels 377,000 595,000
Oats, bushels 328,000 319,000
Rye bushels 12,000 4.000
Barley, bushels 132,000 77,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creamery, 15@22c; dairy,
13%<f?19c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 16% C. Cheese,
strong; creams, 12@12%c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11% 6 % 6 1
Closing 5 11% 6 % 6%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 85 19 60
Closing 18 60 19 40
Flour —
Opening „ 24 75 25 65
Closing 24 60 25 50
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. CATTLE— Good to fancy
grades sold at $5 60<JT6 75; common to medium
steers, $4@5 50; stockers and feeders, $2 T.w
4 60; cows and bulls, $2@2 65; Texans, $1 35@
4 15; calves. |3@7 50.
HOGS— Fair to prime, $4 25@4 45; heavy pack
ers, $3 85<8>4 22%; mixed. $4 Ls@4 37H; butchers',
$4 15@4 47%; lightweights. $4 10@4 42%; pigs,
$3 So^4 25.
SHEEP— to choice sheep brought
$3 Bo@3 60; Westerns, $3 25@4, and feeders. $3 40
@3 70; inferior to choice lambs, %3 75@5 75.
Receipts— Cattle. 2000; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
7000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. a.— Clearings, J3S3.SS2; bal
ances, $75,722.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— There was nothing in
the wheat market to-day that brought much
comfort to the grower. Foreign cables re-
I English farmer? selling freely at present
prices and liberal offerings from other coun
tries, and umier such circumstances it was
hardly possible to expect much life in th
market, where freights continue to be a domi
nant factor. Walla Walla, 57@58c; vallej
bluestem, 69@60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 21.— The wheat market hn*
not changed this weak. Quorations remain:
(!ub 57c; bluestem, 59c. Receipts are heavy,
but most of the grain is being shipped here
for storage.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Consols. 103 15-16@104 1-16.
Silver 26^1. French Rentes, lOOf 40c@100f i2^c.
Wheat cargoes, of coast, nothing doing; cargoes
on passage, nominal, unchanged; English coun
try markets, part 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 20 Wheat dull: wheat in
Paris, weak: flour in Paris, weak: French coun
try markets, dull; weather In England, fine.
o (TTON— Uplands, 3 31-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 20.— WHEAT— No. 2 red j
Western dull. 5s llHd; - N *°- 1 Northern spring,
dull. 6s 2d. Futures, quiet; December, 5s ll'^d;
March fis p sd; May. 6s %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new and old,
yulet, 3s S'..d. Futures— Steady ; November, 3s
M,d- December, 3s S^sd ; January, 3s SVid.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S4Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 --.
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 43 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 67%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— local market was weak, with a
declined in futures. The Produce Exchange ad
journed at noon in respect to the memory of the
late H. V. Deming.
Chicago was lower, as foreign advices de
pressed the market. Broomhall reported a poor
demand in Liverpool, with millers and dealers
well stocked. The market resisted selling,
however, as the longs were all sold out and the
bears were extended. The interior movement in
the Northwest was decreasing. Ocean freights
declined, but this was offset by a decline in
Wheat at Liverpool. Antwerp was firm at an'
advance of IVic.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 01h~@l OS%; milling,
$1 10@l 12H.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December —
6000 ctls, $1 11%; 4000, $11114; 8000, 11%. May—
2000, $1 16%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 1114.
May— 4ooo. $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2o,ooo
ctls. $1 11%; 20.000. ?1 11%. May— $1 16%.
Board adjourned.
BARLEY— The H. Haekfeld takes for Leith
40,967 ctls. valued at $40,967.
The market continues firm, principally owing
to' purchases by shorts to fill their contracts.
Shipping grades are selling at 91,
Feed. 80@87%c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90c@$l; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales. j
Regular Morning Session— sales. ■
No afternoon session. |.
OATS— The situation remains unchanged.
Trade is not active, but holders are firm and
compel buyers to pay full figures. White, $1 05
©I 25: Red, :;i 05@l 17^; Gray, $1 05@l 15; Black,
J °CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $1 06@l 07%;
■White $1 05@l 07V. mixed, $1 02>4@l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 97%<gsl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25&3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7.">; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25(^3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 05&6 45; in sacks, $5 Sr.@6 25;
Pearl Barley. *5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Pales of fine grades of Hay at an advance are
being made, and the market for these descrip
tions is firm. There is no change In the me
dium and lower grades.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
liKAN- *l7 i>u4ilS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9^2O 50 per ton.
FEKDSTt'FFS— RoIIed Barley. SlS^lS 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $2fi<g27: Jobbing,
(27 BO@2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20?!i21; Cornmeal,
J23 ."."'<i24 'fi: Crfii-kod Corn, $2-lft2s: Mixed Feed,
$!6 ."f><fJl7; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— 'Wheat. $"579 for rommon to good and
$9 25@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, ?7@9 50;
Oat, $6 50@8 50: Barley, $5@7; Island Barley, ?5
(ETC; Alfalfa, JSQ6 50 per ton; Compressed, {6 50
is.
STRAW- 25@35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The firmness In Beans continues, and the de
mand Is as keen as at any time. Changes are
invariably in the direction of higher prices.
Mustard Seed Is firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2h(ci2 35; Binall white, $2 60
@2 75; large White, $2 15@2 25; Pinks, $2 lo@2 20;
Reds, $3 50t?3 75; Blackeye, JS4; Butters, $3;
Lima, S-4 80@4 90; Pea, $2 60@2 70; Red Kidneys,
?2 35(j(2 50 per ctl.
BEEl>S— Brown Mustard, Z r SZV 1 c; Yellow
Mustard, 4@4Vie; Flax, nominal; Canary,
Site per lb (or <alifornia and 4c tor Eastern;
! Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4@4V4c;
Timothy. 4®4'^c.
j DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green. $1 75
I @1 85 per ctl.«
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' There is no change in Potatoes beyond a de
' clir.e in Sweets, which are coming in heavily
I from Merced. Onions are easy. Tomatoes are
', still a drug.
POTATOES— WveT Reds, 60@70c; Early Rose,
40960 c; Burbanks, 60<§7'>c per ctl; Salinas Bur
bunks, HUcCyJI 15; Oregon Rurhanks, 70<Ji:S5c:
Sweet Potatoes, 75@90c for Rivers and $I@l 15
for Merced.
ONIONS 55@85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4c per lb;
String Beans, 4@50; Lima Beans, B&@6c;
Cabbage, 40ft 50c; Tomatoes, 10®30c; Egg Plant,
; 40@76c; Dried Okra, IB%c per lb; Garlic, 2<g'3c;
I Green Peppers, 40@90c per box; Carrot?, 30®
! 40c per sack: Cucumbers, 4O(!?5Oc; Pummer
Squash, 50© 65c; Marrowfat Squash. $S@lo per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
(Poultry and Game are both quiet, as supplies
of the former are heavy and the warm, close
weather is against the latter. Some Game re
mained unsold, though the better prices ruled,
as usual on Friday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@150 for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, IS'?
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 78@2 25; Goslings, $175
@2 25; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and ft :.h/m" for
1 young; Hens, $4 5005 60; Young Roosters, $4^5;
Old Roosters, Wso@s; Fryers, $3 20ft 3 50; Broil
ers, t?. 25@3 50 tor larp>-, iita'S 21, for small:
Pigtons, ?1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75
1 @2 for Squabs.
1 GAME— Quail, $1 7." •72; Mallard, $6@7 50; Can
vasbach • Kprip, $2 50@4; Teal. $3@3 50;
Widgeon $2@3; Small Duck, $1 50®2; Doves, 60
@75c per dozen; Hare, Jl 50; Rabbits, $150 for
Cntt'-mtails and $1 2f> for Small; Gray Geese, $3
@3 SO; Whitp, $l'<i!ri('i; Brant, $1 25'fi2; Englisb
Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jark Snipe, $125 Cii 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market is hesitating, and most
dealers report it weak with a disposition to
sell, even at concessions. Certainly the market
is much duller than it has been. Cheese is in
light supply ami unchanged. Eggs, though still
scarce ami firm, are also quieter, as the re
tallers find It hard to work off Eggs at present
steep prices.
;:i.i i er—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 30@31c; seconds,
I 'airy— Fancy, 2Gfi27c; good to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal.
Flekle-d roll. 22-&24 c; firkin. 21@22V4c; cream
ery tub. 22' ? f/24c.
Eastern. 17Vic for ladle packed.
CHKF.SE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; old.
Foung America. lUjc; h. stern, 14f?15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@32%c for store an
«2%c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 28@30c for
selected, 25@27Vic for No. 1 and 20^2itec for
seconds; Oregon, 22 L 2 'Ti24c per dozen. *
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes were weaker and in better sup
ply. Table Grapes dragged.
The Panama steamer brought up 620 cases
Limes.
Berries are coming in soft, owing to the
rain, and Figs are mushy and moldy from the
Cranberries are in large supply and lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Apples, 35065 c per t".x for common: 75c@$l
for g i to eh ilce and -:i 25@1 50 for fancy.
BERRIES — Blackberries, J4@s per chest;
Strawberries. $10 per chest for small and ?-'•(
ries; Raspberries, H'af, per eh?st;
Huckleberries, s@7c per 1b; Wisconsin f'ranber
:-r bbl; Cape Cod • "ranb^rries.
57 50<ji7 75; Coos Hay Cranberries, M 50 per barrel
ami ti@2 25 i er b »
■ Grapi for Black, :)'.;■.■ for Muscat,
for Tokay, 40®50c for Cornichon; crates
soli 10@15c higher; Wine Grapes, SCr^T; 2>i per ton
f.ir '/■ : ■ ■- - tor Other black and $l«Ti
20 for White.
gjl per crate;. Nutmegs, 25
g>soc per b"x.
l'-:ii>:-pranates, 6 r "fF7")C per box.
Wint. ; Pea 25 per box.
Figs, 25@40c per bo.x for double layers of
black.
- per box.
Plums, 50@75c per ox and crate.
Quinces, 50ffi75c vr box.
CITRI'S FRl'lTS— Lemons, $1 50@2 r>o for
common, and .*'.,i4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, >'"i 7: California Limes. $1@1 25; Ban
anas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, .
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The market remains precisely the same. The
demand for almost everything is good.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4%c for
40-CO't.. 4>,;c for 50-60's, 3^c for CO-70's. V/ c for
70-80's, 2*ic for SO-90's and 2%@2%c for 00-100's;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12%@16c for
Moorparka and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
5%@6c for Standards, 6V4@7c for choice and "Vi
@Sc for fancy: peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6<g7Vic; Sun-dried, 4^>S'sc per lb;
Nectarines, 7&@Bc per lb for red and S(g9c for
white; Pears. 6ViSSc for quarters and 81tl0c for
halves; Black Figs, 3*g4c; White Figs, 6g6%c;
Plums. 6(g6Vic for pitted and l^igSMsC for un
fitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, »c; standard, 8c; prime, Cc; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, '•''-•■', choice, "He; standard, 6%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
iO-!b boxes, oc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, BHc;
3-crown, 6V*c; 4-CTOWn, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown |1 BO per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 12%@15c; Walnuts, 7'4@S^c
for standards, and 7%@9c for softshell; Al
monds, 10V2@12'-ic fcr paper-shell. 9©loc tor soft
and 4<f?sc tor hard shell; Peanuts, s%ijj'6»ic for
Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil Nuts, 814
(59c; Filberts, ll<gllV£c; Pecans, 7%@Bc; Cocoa
nuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10Uc for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%@7V4c;
light amber extracted, 6\i.Q7c; dark, sVio per
lb
BEESWAX— 24@2fic per lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule, with a fairly active
market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
9H®loc for light medium, 11V.C for light, 13c for
extra light and ISVfcC for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-rured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13^c-
Mesa Beef, 111 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily ?ll; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear
$16 50; mess. $15@15 B0; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb
LA RD— Tierces quoted at CfifiKc per lb for
compound and 7%C for pure; half barrels, pure
8c- 10-lb tins, S->ic; B-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7V4®7%0 per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool mid Hops.
Dealers complain that it is impossible to sell
Heps. There is absolutely no inquiry. The
crops an> reported o».d all over the world.
Rides and Tallow are firm at the quotations.
HIDES AN!) SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 11®11%c; medium. 10V4c: light, 10c; Cow
hides. B'/i'fflOe; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool. 3.'@6oc each: medium. 70<g'30e: long Woo]
&oc@s3 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2ir?3 for
lart-e and $1 2S®l B0 for small: Colts 25@50c
TAX/LOW- No. 1 rendered. ni&'SVic per lb; No.
2, l'M'ac: refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon 17@lSc:
Eastern Oregon, 12&14 C for choice and a<&li^c
for tair to good.
Fall Clip— San Jonquln Lambs, SSflOc; do
plains, 7ijßc; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain. 7Vi<fi'.'c; Northern free, lO@12c; do, defect
ive, ' ty/u loc per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at B@l2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fri.~e? for all descriptions remain unchanged.
The demand and supply about balance.
BEEF — per lb for Steers and 6%@72
for Cows. ,
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— 7%@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B®B%C per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 5%@5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5%@5}4c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, Cy;©s&c; dressed Hogs, ( 7<B'S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 70714 c: Wool
Bags. S6&2Bc; Fruit Bags, r.'^c, 5%e and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7%e for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southiield Wellington. J7 SO; Se
attle, J6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. J5; Wallsend.
$7 M; Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $9 BO in hulk and
110 75 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Ekk
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle. Gate, $1)60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
anrl $14 In sacks.
Harrison's circular say?:
"There have been three arrivals of coal this
AUCTION SALES
TO DAY, SATURDAY, OCT. 21.
*V_, T*-w
Ask 33* J£^
Will Sell at— ' ".'
J. D. BORAHS STOCK AND SALES YARDS,
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
At 11 o'clock a. m.,
30 head of well-bred broken and unbrokea
horses, ranging from 1000 to 1300 pounds.
S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
week from Washington with 6500 tons; three
from British Columbia, 10,439 tons; one from
Oregon. 600 tons; one from Australia, 1500 tons;
total, 19,039 tona. This amount must be largely
increased next week, or the reserves in yard
will become very slim, as at this season
the domestic demand is very heavy. Thi= la
very evident from the string- of teams awaiting
their turns fnr loading some British Columbia
rr-al now discharging. Figuring the time lost
for a man, horses and wagon to sf-cure a lond.
it is close calculation to see where the
m that transaction romes in. The demand
for steam coals is also very brisk, in fact,
contractors are close pushed to keep up their
agreed deliveries, and are not over solicitous
to make sales for future requirements. The
present fuel congestion will be relieved a few
months hence, when the services of several re
cently engaged steamers shall be brought Into
requisition, as our former fleet of sailers which
were utilized as coast coal carriers, have ac
cepted foreign business which proves more
profitable. Foreign coal is coming- along very
slowly, and but little is being loaded, notwith
standing high outward grain freights should in
duce generous shipments. Present coal frvight>
inward, and grain outward, added together,
leave a munificent margin fo? shipowners, and
under ordinary circumstances would be availed
of."
RlCE— China mixed, $3 65*?3 70; China No. 1,
$i 30@4 75; extra do, $l 90@5 20; Hawaiian, $5
(go 12%; Japan. $4 37>2(54 STVa; Louisiana, $stiß.
SUGAR— The Western fcugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4Thc: Confectioners' A, 4"fee; California
A,— ; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C. 4-^c; Golden
C, 4«4c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, >4c
more; boxes, '-fee more; 60-Ib bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
i> 7 /uC per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour qr sks 16,158 1 Sugar, bbls 1,2f10
Wheat ctls 15 Powder, car 1
I'.arley, ctls 18,535 Leather, roll! 102
Oats ctls 2,080 Wine, gais 21. ■ I
Butter ctls 138 Raisins, bxs 4,850
Cheese, ctls 78 Eggs, doz 5,550
Beans sks 5.911 Pelts, lulls 285
Potatoes, sk? 2,67O|Hides, No 147
Oniona, sks 200 Wool, bags 456
Middlings sks 30<t Hops, bales
Mustard, sks 53 Hay, tons 91
Sugar, sks 1,150
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks 5,826|H0p8, bale 1
Malt, 'sks 500 r Flax seed, sks 460
Family Retail Market.
Butter" and Cheese sell at last week's prices.
Most of the Butter trade is In pickled kinds, as
fresh Butter is now too dear for the average
citizen. 'Eggs are still dearer and scarce.
Poultry is in good supply at about last week's
prices. Game Is cheaper, as receipts are more
liberal.
The summer fruits and vegetables continue to
pet dearer as the season draws to a close, and
both will soon disappear.
Fish is in light supply, owing to the storm.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
i Coal. i.. r ton —
Cannel $ @10 00 Castle Gate... ll 50;?? — —
Wellington . (§lO 00:Southfield
New Welling- Wellington <S9 50
ton *?10 00 Coos Bay @7 00
: Seattle 8 00@
Dairy Produce, etc. —
: Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs 25'f?30
square 60^65 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll —if 55 dozen 45'??50
Do, good 45@— [Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — (g>ls pound 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. l7tff2o| Do, extracted — £ilj
Cheese, Swiss 20® 25 1
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12@17|Pork, fresh 15@20
Beef, choice IS'? 2O Pork, salt 12fti:>
Do, good 10@15 Pork Chops 15'(/>IS
Corned Beef --'..■! i 'Round Steak 10«12
Ham, Cal 15ffl7; Sirloin Steak lf.-.j -
Do, Eastern ..17»s'5'20! Porterhouse, d0...20«>£)
Lard 12*? 15 'Smoked Beef .. 12^15
Mutton 10!f?15|Pork Sausages.. l2VVcf2i)
Lamb 12@15|Veal 15@20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@63: Quail, per doz.. $2 ."0
Young Roosters. Mallard, pair. SI 25@1 50
each 50@65 ("anvasback, pair. — <g —
Old Roosters, ea..so''M;;. Sprig, per pair... — @75
Fryers, each - '"•'" Teal, per pair — @73
Broilers, each .... 40 ! Widgeon, per pr..60@70
Turkeys, per 1b..15*?20 Small Duck, per
Ducks, each SOft-bO pair 50(f60
Geese, each..sl 25@1 50 Wild Geese, per
Pigeons, pair 4»i/.'> 'i pair 40@50
Rabbits, pair ....— English Snipe, dz.s3 00
Hare, each —@ 20 Jack Snipe $2 00
Doves, per doz $100]
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 15®20! Lemons, doz 20@25
Apples 4® '■ ; Limes, per d0z...15tf?20
I lianas, doz 20 1i 25 i Pears, per lb s<f? 6
Blackberries, per | Peaches, per 1b...—
drawer 40@o0 i Plums, per lb B@io
Cranberries, qt...10@12 Raisins, lb s^lo
Cantaloupes each.li Raspberries, per
Nutmeg Melons... s<?i 10 j drawer 35@50
Figs, per lb *@8 Strawberries, per
I Grapes, per 1b.... j'<i 6 drawer 25f50
Huckleberries, 1b.10@12 1 Walnuts, lb 12@13
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doz...2s@so|Lentils, lb
}?eets. doz 12013 Lettuce, doz
Beans, white, lb.. S@-^ Onions, 11)
clored. lb 4fi a Peppers, green, lb SCIO
Lima, lb m i Potatoes, lb
Cabbage, each ... s@lo Sweet Potatoes.
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Parsnips, doz .. ■
Celery, bunch ... •■'n - Radishes, dz be>>
Cucumbers, doz..
doz bnchs.2o@3s! String Beans. II
Kirn Plant, per lb E r Squash.
Green Corn, per per lb 6@S
dozen ir.<ffi3o|Thynje, lb
Green Okra, pr lblO®l2Turnlps, do« 10@15
Green Peap, 1b... 6«§ BiTomatoes, lb -r ; :,
Fish, r^r lb —
Barracuda — 'fjl-VPhrimps S<Jf 10
•; a rp — ®12 Shad , —Cns
-liish 15@1S Sea Bass
flounders '.-"•< Smelts
Halibut - "'■!-■> Sni,-<
Herrinf? " ''■' Skates, each
Kingfish 15@20 Tomcod
Mackerel — * Clams, gal ..!
Do, Horse - ! - Do hardshell, ]•>
Perch 12t»15 Crabs, each
Pompano - Do softshell.doz
Rockflsh —©—Mussels, qt
Salmon, smoked. - ters, Cal. io«.
Salmon fresh 15@20l Do Eastern, dz.2;".(g40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in securities was dull on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange and prices
showed little change. Bank of California sold
up to $395. V*,
On the afternoon call Giant Powder declined
from $M '■■• to $53,4. Hawaiian Commercial was
firm at $95%@96 and Hana at $13^..
On the morning session of the Oil Exchange
the sales footed up 1100 shares, and there was
a slight advance In two descriptions, as will
be seen below.
The Confidence Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 15c, the Crown Point one of
100 and the Justice one of sc.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Oct. 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bii.Ask.
U S Bonds— | Mutual El Co. 14% —
«s quar coup.. — — ■ OGL & H ■)- 49^4
ts quar reg — — — I'au Oaa Imp.. — 65
li quar new... — 131' i Fac Light Co. 41". —
3s quar coup.. — i(tS%. B F G & E 61^ 61%
Miscellaneous — Han Fran — ;4*
: Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
i C C Wat 55... — 108 Insurance-
Ed L & P 65.130 — Firem's Fund.22o —
F& Cl Ry 65.115 — Dank Stocks-
Geary-st R ss. — 95 r\nglo-Cal . .0- —
H C & S 6%5.106 — Bank of Ca!.. —
L A Ry 55....100% — Cal S 1) & T.. 95 97
LAL Co 65.. yj — First National — 245
Do gntd 63.. 90 — [.on P & A. ...128 133
Do gntd 55..— — Mer Exchange— 1"
L A & P R 5s.lOJVi - K'ev Nat Bk...!8Wl!;0
Market-st Gs.. — 130 Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.. 115?; _ ;.•:■ S & L... — 1725
N C N G R 75. H2 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 6s. lit — Mut Say Bk. 30 42ft
NR of Cal 55.H2%113V g 3 F Say U... 500 —
NPC It R 5a. 105 108 l^av &L. So.. — <&Vi
N Cal R R ii.lU — Sec Say Bk.. — 310
OG L & H ss. — 110 Union T C 0.1400 1440
Oak Tran 65..111%U2 Street Railroads
Om C Ry 65.. - 12S ""alifornia 11l —
P&CI Ry 65. .107 — Geary . 50 -
.Pk& ORy 69.115 — Market-st 61 5 4 62^6
Powell-st R6s — 122 >ak SL& H. — SO
Sac El G&ur,s. — - Presidio 25 29
S F & x p 68.114* - Powder-
S F & S .iv-5.ir,".11.-', California 155 170
SRy of Cal LI - ■-.!!■• F. Dynamite... v ' 'S
S Pof A (is. . — H3>{. Giant Con Co. B#i S3W
SP C 65(130C). — — Vigorit 2?* - 1 *
S P C 65(1!>06).Ul — Sugar—
S P C 65(1912). - m Hana P C 0.... 13« IS 1
S PC Is eg 55104 — Haw C&S Co 95% —
8P Br 6" 322 123 Honokaa S Co. 34% 38
S X Wat 6s --- - U4^ Hutch S P Co. 29 29*4
S V Wat .105% — Kilauea S Co.. — -'-'
S V W4s(3dm)lolHlol% Makaweli S Co 49% —
Continued on Page Thirteen. ..ALASKAN MODUS
VIVENDI IN EFFECT
England Accepts Ameri-
can Proposition.
DISPUTE ENDED FOR A TIME
— ■♦ — .
Terms of the Compact Shall Not Pre
judice the Claims of Either
Nation in Permanent
Adjustment.
itch to The '""all.
WASHINGTON: Oct. 20.— Mr. Tower,
the British Charge here, called at the 1
State Department to-day and handed to
Secretary Hay a note formally accepting
for his Government the proposition fot |
the temporary adjustment of the Alaskan j
boundary line, proposed by Secretary Hay
in his note of yesterday. "With that note
•the long-expected modus Vivendi relative i
to the vexed boundary question went into ]
♦•fTeot. The result has been brought about j
Through the direct negotiation of Secre- j
tary Hay and Mr. Tow^r after several !
failures in the past. The State Depart- j
mr-nt is confident that it has conserved i
the American Interests In the matter i
"without unjustly treating Canada. '
The divisional line on the west by the |
Dalton trail Is placed twenty-two and a
quarter miles above Pyramid Harbor,
•which is regarded under the treaty as j
"tidewater mark, so the Canadians are not ;
allowed to reach any point on the Lynn !
Canal. Moreover, there is no permission i
given for a free port or even for the free !
transfer across American territory of Ca- j
nadlan goods, except of miners' belong- j
ings. These matters may figure later, ;
when it comes to a permanent boundary ;
line, but they are not touched upon a this >
modus.
The modus Vivendi follows the precedent j
<-stahllshed by Secretary Evarts In i>T~- In ;
agreeing upon a temporary boundary on j
tha Sticklne River in Alaska by an ex- |
change of notes.
The line on the Chilkat River is twenty i
two and a quarter statute miles from the
head of navigation on Chilkat Inlet of j
Lynn Canal, and on the Klehini River ;
twelve miles farther Inland, and the whole j
valley of the Porcupine is included within
the American lln>-s. As to White and ;
< 'hilki passes, the line is fixed at me I
summit, or watershed, being the points I
which for some time past have been oh- i
served by tho customs authorities of the
two countries.
The text of the modus Vivendi as finally i
agreed to Is as follows:
It is hereby agreed between th« governments I
of the United States and it Great Britain >
that the boundary •■•• between Canada and j
the Territory of Alaska in the region about |
the head of Lynn Cnnal shall be provisionally j
fixed without prejudice to th« claims of either
party in the permanent adjustment of the in- i
ternational boundary a? follows:
In the region of the Dalton trail, a li: be- !
ginning at the peak west of Porcupine Creek !
marked on map No. 1 of the United States ;
Commission, ]>ecember 11. 1?.<5. and on sheet i
Xo. IS of the British Commission, December !
31, 1895, with number 65<K>; thence running to j
the Klehini (or Klaheeta) River in th° dlrec- |
tion of the pf-ak north of that river, marked ;
r- M on the aforesaid United States map and I
y>2. r . on the aforesaid British map; thence fol- j
lowing the hijjh or right bank of the sail ;
Klehlnt River to the Junction thereof with the
Chilkat River, a mile and a half, more or |
less, north of Klukwan, provided that per- j
eens proceeding to or from Porcupine Creek '
shall be freely permitted to follow the trail !
between the said creek and *he said junction
of the rivers into and across the territory on :
the Canadian side of the temporary Urn* wher- i
ever the trail crosses to such side, and sub
ject to such reasonable regulations for the pro
tectlon of the revenue as the Canadian Gov
ernment may prescribe to carry with them
over such parts or part of the trnll between
the said points as may lie on the. Cnnadian
side of the temporary line such /roods and
articles as they desire without being requested
to pay any customs duty en such articles;
and from said junction to tr.r summit of the
peak east of the Chilkat River marked on th^
aforesaid map Xo. 10 of the United States
Commission with ths number MlO." and •l The '
map No. 17 of the aforesaid British ' imrnis-
Blon with the number 5430.
<"»n the Dyea and Bkaguay trr.Hs the summits
of the Chilkoot and White pusses.
It is understood, as formerly set forth in j
communications of the Dt-purtment of Statp
of the United States that the citizens <tr sub- '
jects of each power found hy this ■ '-.>ri.- •- :
m^nt within the temporary Jurisdiction of the
other shall suffer no diminution of the rights
and privileges which they now ■-.'■ y.
The Government of the United Pt.ites will i
at once appoint an officer or officers in con
junction with an officer or officers to be
named by her Majesty's Government, to marl:
the temporary line agreed upon, by the or^c
tlon of posts, stakes or other appropriate temp
orary mark".
FAIR TO BOTH SIDES.
Sir Louis Davis Satisfied With tht
Agreement.
Louis Dav-f?. the
Fisheries and Ma
i it gain any
Isional arrangement.
states Embassador
. . Secretary of State
Mr. Chamberlain, to-day
for final interviews. Nothing, however,
I views, as
• r ■ lerstand the positions
■
I Sir . 3, "That my
England has resulted in nothing
:, but
a 1
■ •■ ■ lon to
■ -."
rs Tower and
can fix up a perma-
E the situation they will
ler it.
■ thi pi
: vlvendl seems to me fair
■ far as it will pre
is satisfactory to me.
Such ■ ■ . ; ■ be made, for
the residents in tho di.-
--i Intolerable. Never
ement
re no brighter,
b diplomats will con
to at •am it."
HUNGERFORD TRIAL.
Prosecution Closes Its Case Against
the Younger Brother.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 20.— The trial of
I/iither Hungerford, which has occupied
the time of the Superior Court all this
week, has been the sensation of the city.
Luther Hungerford nd his broi her Henry
phot and killed .James Marion Gregg- on
June 1 at the- Hidden ranch, this county.
a cattle range in charge of the brothers,
twenty miles northeast nf this city.
The killing waa the outcome of a quarrel
over the: .settlement of a pasture bill due
by Gregg, who had gone to the ranch to
get stork. Gregg*B brother-in-law, a boy
in his employ; and a man in the employ
of the Hungerforda; saw the shooting and
their evidence goes to show that the Hun
ger fords lir^d (irst. The case has excit
ed great interest in the county, as all the
men belong here and have many friends.
The prosecution closed its case to-day at
noon and little testimony for the defense
was offered before court adjourned to
convene Monday. The cape will probably
occupy three days, and immediately fol
lowing will come the trial of Henry Hun
gerford, the other brother implicated.
Boers Invest Kimberley.
LONDON, Oct M.— The Dally Telegraph
publl following dispatch from a
■i-i :
KiMHRKi.KV. Mi nday (by dispatch rider
Thla town
),:. - irday b ■.• ted north
and south by large forcea oi Boers. An
armored train on Sunday reconnoitered
in the direction of Modder River and was
fired upon by artillery of the Free 81 I
No damage was done. When the Maxims
replied live men of the enemy were killed
.-. i j.l sf-v>-rril men and horses were
grounded. Early Sunday morning the
Boera seised and destroyed Windsorton
road station and blew up a small I
at Slypkllp. Then they advanced tc Rlv-
BtaUon. n-master had a
narrow escape. He had ju-n got away
when the Boera Bred at his house -.vith a
,n. The station and a. ..joining: build
were razed to the ground. The Boers
then proceeded tv Rlverton village, bent.
on looting and the wanton destruction of
property, with evident disregard of the
usage of civilized warfare.
WILL REMAIN IN SAN
FRANCISCO'S PESTHOUSE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.-The Secretary
of the Treasury has received a letter from
the Secretary of War in which he de
clined to permit Mrs. L. M. Todd to be
deported to Hawaii In a Government
transport. Mrs. Todd is now in the
house in San Francisco suffering from
■ | rosy, and as she lias been in this coun
try los.s than a y»ar, the Immigration au
ties sought to send her to the Molo
k.ii leper settlement in the Hawaiian
group. General Shatter, in a letter to
the Secretary of War. calls attention to
the fact that there are quite a number
epers In the pesthouse in San Fran
cisco who cannot be sent away, and sug
gests that it would be an unjust and un-
Decessary discrimination to send this
woman to live in the Hawaiian leper set
tlement. The Immigration officials will
allow the woman to remain where she is.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Colernan-McKenzie Land Case Will
Not Be Reopened.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. 'it"- ' 'ommls-
Bioner of the Land Office has denied the
application <>f James V. Coleman vs. John
i». McKenzii et al. in appeal lor a review
of the rase involving lajitl In the San
Liusd I »ist riot. No valid reasou
. nment for reopening
and the Secretary of the Interior
ted the local office decision to
stand.
The Postmastei General has directed
James A. ftfcDougall as
ngeles Postofflce.
-or has not been named.
Major General Miles will leave Wash
i to-morrow on a tour of Inspection
of army ; will reach San Fran
cisco in about three weeks.
1 : ' esident. Captain
■' Van V'oorhis, commissary of sub
sistence, now at s.u; Francisco, is honor
ably ■ I from the service of the
S
Second Lieutenant James W. Lecrone,
Fortieth Infantry, will report to the com
manding general, Department of Califor
nia, for duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Evan P. How
ell. San Francisco, is relieved from duty,
and will report to the commanding gen
eral for assignment to duty with troops
going to the Philippine Islands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Albert H.
Macßeth will proceed 1 from Buffalo to San
Francisco and report to the commanding
general. Department of California, for
assignment to duty.
Second IJeut«*nant Clifton C. Kinney,
Thirteenth Infantry, is relieved from duty
at Fort Wood, and will proceed to San
Francisco.
Private John R. "Wood, Hospital Corps,
now at Fort McPherson, will report to the
commanding officer. Angel Island.
Pensions for Californians: Original—
Frederich Theodore Laux. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12. Increase— John Murphy,
Soldiers' Home, Lob Angeles, $S to $10;
Garret D. Loucks, Santa Cruz, $6 to $10:
Edward Kelly. Veterans' Home, Napa $6
to $12; Michael Twomey, San Francisco,
$14 to $17; Ira B. Ford. Los Angeles, $17 to
$24. Reissue— William H. McGarvey Sol
diers 1 Home. Los Angeles. $17. Reissue
and increase— Thomas Davis, Dverville
JS to $12. Original widows, etc.— Mary T.
Chase. Pasadena, $8; Adelaide E. Lloyd
Los Angeles. $S.
"Washington: Increase— Martin Hansen
New Whatcom. $6 to $8; Hamilton L. Wi
ley, Olympia, $■; to $S.
MARCONI GIVES
LONDON DETAILS
OF YACHT RACE
Special Cable to The Call and the New Y.->rk
j James Gor-
H-nnrtt.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— This has been a ter
ribly exciting day for London, between
news of the heavy fighting In Natal,
where the British arms gained victory
over the Boers, and the hammer-and
tongs race for the America's cup. The
public was almost mad In the note's,
where the Marconi bulletins were posted!
as they came in with a rapidity which
kept tile messengers on their bicycles in
a continuous state of perspiration
In the Carlton Hotel in particular the
greatest excitement .prevailed. In the
< arlton, of course, there are staying a
great many American Continental visit
ors besides English. Thc-y waited all th*
evening in feverish anxiety to learn th >
progress of that wonderful race
Immediately after the bulletin arrived
that the Columbia was a mile and a ha'f <
m advance of the challenger It was '
thought that the game was ail up Then >
-shortly after 7-when it was announced
that Shamrock was gaining the ex
citement became acute again.
In a few minutes more it was learned
that the Shamrock had cut down the lead
of the Columbia from a half mile to less
than a quarter. The surprise was great
incitement knew no bounds and Sir I
Thomas Lipton's partisans cheered The- j
usually imperturbable calm of the Amer
icans gave way to nervous anxiety i
though at the same time they admitted '
that the Shamrock deserved success and
they almost made up their minds tor an
other day's sport.
At about a quarter-past 7 the news
again arrived that the Shamrock was
gaining continually and was likely to
make a close finish.
Nothing could now describe the scene
The people waited breathlessly, anxious
ly, with nerves strained to the" uttermost
Only a quarter of a mile bind! Was!
the Shamrock to win after all? Then a
wait; till congratulations for the Colum
bia and congratulations for Sir Thomas
Lipton, too, mingled with sympathy.
"It was a great race," said everybody.
"There never was such sport."
"Pity the Shamrock had not won to
have afford* another day like It."
At Ear la Court, where the race was Il
lustrated with two pretty model yachts
on Queens Court Lake, an even greater
scene than in the hotels was witnessed.
How the crowd cheered as in the later ;
stage of the race the Shamrock drew up! ;
The crowd shouted in its excitement for !
• ; time, then set itself in absolute silence I
to watch the fight and to wait. On that ■
mimic water course it could see the race
enacted, thanks to the Marconi bulletins,
with absolute fidelity.
ST. AGNES FAIR,
Reception To-Night by Ladies of
Mark West Springs Booth.
Notwithstanding the bad weather th^re
■i.t at Pio
neer bazaar in aid of at.
Agn< .- now In progress. The
pal attraction was the automatic
■ ■ g machine, which was well
patronized. Quite a number of chances
were also sold on the beautiful articles
which are being raffled at the various
I ths. It ..-■ expi ctt d thai there will be
man y visitors to-night, when the ladies of
the Mart West Springs booth will have a.
mghl a< b( .. programme of
• " r . and pi ; , ; .. vjl] „,.
resei be s , ,,.,
by rhe following ladies Interested In the
rs. James B. Smith, assist
Lines B. L Woi I Ington, P. Maho- ;
ney. J. Moore, if. Smith. A. j Smith-
Miss Kate O'Brien, the Misses Burns
The proKrumitif will b.- as follows:' Se
lections by the Hebrew Orphan Asylum
band; Bopn : , , t /» .*- I
comic selections. William Radlgan- quar
tet from Company A. First tfaahlngton
Ri giment; barj I Clarence J
and JOsii de Witt • I the C dumbia Theater
in her specialties.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR.
A? the time approaches for the cloning
of the fair in aid of the Youths' Directory
interest in the various contests is largely
on the increase. I/nst night in the contest
for the most popular physician at the
trained nurses' booth the vote stood aa
follows: Dr. M. Hertstein 215, Dr J h
Healy IM. Dr. W. \v. Kerr 187, Dr. H La
gan 161. The vote will close at 10 o'clock
sharp to-nig-ht. For Sheriff John Lack
mann has rus votes ro Deasy's 156. F
Shaughnessy and Clare Trowhridge lead
in the contest for the two scholarships.
The members of the general committee
which arranged all the details of the fair
will be present this evening and Father
Crowley states that this will positively be
ist night. He requests that all fick
d chance books he turned in imme
dlately, as there will be no further post
: .-iit. There will be an auction sale
Idren'a clothes at St. Charles booth,
and the articles will be sold regardless of
!.;,■• evening the ladies of St. Pat
ricks' booth, Mrs. H. Mulvihlll chairman,
entertained their friends. Tea was served
by the ladfet Interested in the Irish booth
and there was a line musical programme.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1599.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
UNEASINESS AT
THE HOME FOR
DEAF AND DUMB
Board Is Doing Some
Quiet Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 20.
The best political story of the hour cen
ters around the Deaf and Dumb and Blind
Institute. A month ago the directors
■ I l>r. 1). D. llanilin to the office of
physician. As previously published, Dr.
Wall of Berkeley claims that he is the
incumbent and cannot be removed at will.
Not only is Dr. Wall interested, but many
other employes of the home, who fear
that if the as should begin to descend it
may go deeper than Is pleasant.
Nobody seems able to explain just how,
but liiere is an idea prevalent that Super
intendent Wilkinson is anxious to retain
Dr. Wall, not that he prefers one doctor
to another, but because there are em
; •: . m the institution whom the super
intendent does wish to retain and he does
not desire to set? so unpleasant a prece
dent established. Past boards of directors
have not interfered much with the man
agement of the home, and the manner in
which tue present board has started out
to attend to its duties is somewhat un
usual.
Dr. Wall has filed his usual bill right
along and makes his regular calls, and so
Dr Flamlln, and the superintendent
is considerably puzzled. There is an idea
thai be should peremptorily forbid Dr.
Wall to ha vi- anything to do with the in
stitution in any manner and that his not
taking such ;> decisive stand is suggestive
of an Inclination to tight Dr. i-lamlin and
Incidentally the directors.
S ime of the members have been pro
curing data from similar institutions In
different parts of the world ami are mak
ing comparisons with the Berkeley In
stitute. The present superintendent has
been i:i charge ever since the place was
founded thirty-four years ago. and it has
largely developed according to his ideas.
Since Its foundation the science of edu
cating the deaf and dumb and blind lias
made marvelous progress, and the direct
ors are anxious that the institute shall be
the peer of any similar place anywhere.
While there is apparently no disposition
at this time to make any change in the
head of the institution, the action of the
directors la causing some uneasiness at
the home, and it is not Impossible that
some expert teachers from the ISast may
soon be considered a desirable Innovation.
PIONEER PASSES AWAY.
ALiAMEDA, Oct. 20.— William Martin
Lubbock, father of Dr. C. IT. Lubbock,
arly this morning at the home of his
son. 1441 Grand street. He was born in
Charleston, S. C, nearly eighty years ago.
Deceased cattle t<> California in 1850 and
ged In mining: nnd the transportation
business. l\c established a line of steam
ers plying lei ween San Francisco and
Sacramento and Stockton, which he dis
to the California Naviga
'ompany. During t hat year he re
turned to his native city, but came back
lo Califorr ire later. He built the
water system m Pfoche. Nev., and re
mained its owner until 1875. -Mr. Lubbock
v. .4-; extensively interested In mines at
Pioche and at Silver City, Utah, mil e:^
(oyed a wide circle of friends araung the
older miners of California, Nevada and
Vtah. Mr. Lubbock retired from business
■ fifteen years ago, during 1 the great
er portion f which time he has made his
home in Alameda, of later years living
with !i!p son. Dr. Luhhnck.
MRS. ROCKHILL HAS
EVADED THE OFFICERS
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— The Information
charging Edward Ri-ckhill with as
saulting Theresa RockhiU with Intent to
commit murder was dismissed by Sn ; •• rlor
Judge Hall to-day, the officers having
the attendance of the
■ in court as the prosecuting wit
ness. Every effort was made to lotfate
bui nil to no avail, and it is now
believed that she will remain in hiding fo»
Borne time to come. The Plttsburg, Pa.,
authorities have been inquiring about h.er
to an allegd abduction of her
- child, In which she Is understi od
1 i have played a prominent part. :»t the
with hor Bister's husband
. ckhil in question.
ITALIAN CHURCH FAIR.
Ladies of Santß Lucia Booth Enter
tain.
Th<» knowledge that tho ladles of Santa
Lucia booth would entertain the guests at
the Italian church Fair in Washington
aquare Hall last nlprht drew a largo crowd.
A musical programme of a h'.gh order had
been specially prepared for the occasion.
which proved most enjoyable. The vari
ous booths were well patronized as a re
sult of the attractions offered and quite
a considerable sum was realized for the
benefit of the church. Following was the
programme:
Selections by the Presentation Convent
Orchestra, composed of eleven young
ladie.3 and gentlemen; barytone solo,
Signer <;. Almagia; duet from the opera of
■ 1 Puritani," •'. Zapelli and G. Almagia;
selection from "Elteir d'Amore," Slgnor G.
Panizza; selections by Leonl Brothers' Or
chestra.
The conclnrllng portion of the pro
gramme was a chorus by the children of
the Italian school, In which some '.ii'tv lit
mea expressed the thanks of the
in chargi of the church to the as
tn who have labored so well to make
the fair a success.
The following indies of Santa Lucia
booth had last night's affair in charge and
did all i» their power to Insure the pleas
ure of their guests: Mrs. Caglieri, Mcs
dames M. c.rv.-ili. A. Bertuccl. T. Ghl
baudi, B. Ferrea, C. Garibaldi. K. yiiillcl.
M Canessa K. Quartarraro. L. .Monti, c.
Eldenmuller, E. Bacigalupi, Misses T.
Casassa L, Schenone, P. S mi. H. Gehrels,
R Frap'oll, A. i.ambruschini, J. Siml, K.
Ollva L l.ala. B, Martinelll. C. Rizzi, A
Ghlba'udi and A. Caglieri.
The fair will dose to-night, when a pro
gramme of sacred music will be presented
by specially s-i<-c;.-dj.-i].-nt.
Judgment for the City.
United States Judge Hanford, sitting in
the [Jnlted States Circuit Court, charged
the jury yesterday to return a verdict for
the defendant in the suit of the Plastic
Fireproof Construction Company against
the city and count] of San Francisco. The
jury gave a verdict accordingly. The suit
was for redress and an Injunction against
the city for infringing upon the patent
claimed by th- plaintiff in the construc
tion of the Hall of Justice on Kearny
street.
First's Band Concert.
The band of the First California Volun
teers still continues to attract large audi
. to the Alhambra. The band selec
tions are Interspersed with solos, vocal
and Instrumental* the soprano, Mrs. Ju
lius Klein, being heard to advantage. To
night Henry Anderson, the first man to
sound an American bugle call in the Phil
ippines, will give an exhibition of trick
bugling. To-day and to-morrow will wit
ness the last performance? of the band.
Violated a City Ordinance.
Frank Hewitt was arrested by Officer
Freyer on Market street yesterday for
violating the city ordinance which pro
hibits the driving of a wagon surmounted
by a transparency with a bell Inside
through the streets of the city without a
permit from the. Board of Supervisors.
Strossmayer Council.
Stropsmayer Council of the Young Men's
Institute will give its third anniversary
ball in I'nion-square Hall next Wednes
day night.
Yesterday's Insolvent
S. Laville, lnundryman, Oakland. Lia
bilities $842, assets none.
BRIGHT FUTURE FOR
SPORT IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— "Now that
there is but one club in the center
of town there is a very bright
future for legitimate sport." said
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the Re
liance Club. "The very best of the
membership of the Acme Club has
Joined us and we shall soon have a
very large roll of membership, far
larger than any single club would
have attained in years had there still
been two clubs. When we came to this
new building we brought a debt of
?10,00fl with us and we have reduced
this to $4200. which we shall booh be
able to pay off. I'nlike some dubs, we
have never sacrificed the standing of
the membership of the Reliance when
we were in a tight place. I mean that
we have never reduced our fees so that
hundreds could ffoek in when we were
in need of filling the treasury. We
have gone deep into our pockets to
meet just such contingencies. The Re
liance Club, whether viewed from its
athletic or social features, is fitted out
completely, and although our dues are
somewhat higher than are those of the
Acme, we shall not reduce them. The
Acme men, who have joined the Re-
Uance have all come voluntarily, there
having been no coalition of the two
clubs.
"Now that we see our way clearly
some of the best programmes ever seen
them at least once a month."
WHY MERCHANTS
MIT THE TIDAL
CANAL DELAYED
Ships Waiting to Get
Into the Harbor.
Oakland Oftiee San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. Zj.
•'Number of vessels arrived at
Oakland >!uriii£ the nine months
ending September 30, 1599, 158.
"Estimated duties, $84,751 21.
"Amount actually collected at
Oakland Custom-house, $igss 10.
"It givey me pleasure to report
that the Oakland merchants are
importing more through the Oak
land Custom-house than formerly.
"ANDREW J. HOLLYWOOD,
"Collector."
The above letter, received by the Board
of Trade, furnished matter for a brief dis-
I cusslon by that body this morning. The
] whole matter of harbor improvements
! was brought up, ;i:d the debate ended by
Instructing thi special committee on har
bor matters to work with the Govern
ment engineers to have the dredging of
lower Oakland harbor finished before the
work on the ti<ial cajial was done.
It was decided to hold a public meet
ing very shortly, when th<> proposition
woqld be discussed and local representa
tives to Congress would be instructed to
do all in their power to get a Government
drydock constructed in this city.
The board feels that Oakland is not
treated with the dignity its Importance
demands, and this was backed up by the.
report of Collector Hollywood, which was
written on paper without a letterhead be
cause no better facilities exist in the local
Custom-house.
The board authorized President Mars ton
to appoint two other members to act with
himself as a delegation to the conserva
tion of flood-water convention which
meets in San Francisco November it.
Such matters as the loss of eight ves
sels' dockage in a single week, and the
location of the Government transport:* on
the other side of the bay when they could
be handled on this side with more, con
venience and less expense if the estuary
was deep enough and If the proper
wharves were built, were more than
ordinarily annoying to th»- directors.
STANFORD'S BALLET
A CLEVER TRAVESTY
An Amusing Entertainment Given a
Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West gave a vaudeville enter
tainment last evening In Native Son*'
Hull, and despite the inclemency of the
weather and the fact that so many went
to the Pavilion, there was an audience
that crowded the gallery and comfortably
Riled the main body of the halL
The crowning feature of the programme
was the grand ballet, in Which Missea
Grace and Anna Shean were premieres and
Mile Bchlelcherelli was the secunda, and
Hi. iv were seven coryphees Signorinaa
Nyeonto, l,auringlni, Stangeth, Madde
lupi. Lenisini, Steeletto and Coenetii.
They wore the conventional costume of
ballet girls and presented a fine appear
ance; out aside from the Shean sisters
(!:•• ballet was a clever travesty on th<.»
delight of the baldheads, who, unaware of
the scheme, crowded the front two rows
The coryphees were all numbers of the
parlor, a.s is also "Mile." Schieicberelll,
who is none other than A. F. Schleicher
The absurdity of the affair, presented
with limelight :i!..i colored glass acce
sorles, was what gained for it frequent
applause, and tin- dancing of tin- se
cunda, who looked like a skeleton encased
;n lights, together with the dancing of
ihe others, created much laughter.
The other numbers on the programme
were: Overture, "Merry-go-round," Del
lepiane'a orchestra: mandolin selections.
Stanford Mandolin Club; soprano solo J
C. Carpenter; "A Dream, 1 Mis? Millie
Flynn: xylophone solo, 11. Uvorbeck; mu
sical sketch, "The Willow Pattern Plate,"
Mrs. J. W. Madden and Mrs. Kmilie Par
ent; selections, Stanford Glee Club; mu
sic. il novelty. "Miserere" ("II Trovatore")
Miss Nellie Waters; electric clfib swing
ing, William Holdredge; soprano solo,
"Columbia" (by Mrs. W. S. Kueker), BUng
by Miss Minnie Newcomb.
There was also a cakewalk, in which
the following nameii were the partici
pants: Mrs. E. L. Head and Thomas Eg
gert, Miss Mac Hassett and P. Hirleman
Jr., Mrs. Kmilie Parent and A. E. J. Nye.
Miss EJdythe Henderson and A. F. Sehloi
cher; and the Judges were Manager John
F. Morissey of the Orpheum and Manager
William 11. I.eahy of the Tivoll Opera
house.
This was unquestionably one of the
(lnest exhibitions of cakewalklng ever
presented. It took with the audience,
which manifested its approbation by fre
quent applause. Dancing followed till
midnight.
The affair was under the direction of
the parlor's good of the order commit!.,
composed of: Walter F. Murphy chair
man; Frod H. Jung, secretary: Joseph M
Campodonico. William A. Deane, William
H. Dick. E. G. Fisher. A. J. Fritz O M
Goldaracena, J. M. Greenberg, P Hirlo
man Jr., H. D. Lansing, A. II Melletz
Charles A. Moraghan, J. J. McCarthy"
William McGoniglo. Maxwell McNutt j'
T. Nash A F. Schleicher. S. O. Stanyan!
Joseph F. Nolan nm! Harry M. Owens.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Henry Dubbers from Ella Dubbers on the
ground of infidelity; Julius Isaacs from
Ida Isaacs on the ground of Infidelity
Edwin V. Korten from Charlotte a'
Korten on the ground of desertion and
Harriet Nothtngham from George Nbtfi
ingham on the ground that the defendant
R. M. FITZGERALD.
to do this, we shall at once arrange
on this coast and shall probably have
has been convicted of a felony. May Ger
trude Grieve has sued William A. Grieve
for a divorce, alleging desertion as a
cause of action.
INGERSOLL CONDEMNED
BY DR. VOORSANGER
The Rabbi Contends That the Agnos-
tic Asked Questions Like a
Spiritual Anarchist.
Despite the heavy downpour last night
there was a large attendance at the Tem
ple Emunu-El to listen to Dr. Voorsang
er's lecture on "Robert Ingersoll and the
Bible." At the outset of the discourse
the dflctor commented on the sympathy
displayed by the public for the loss of the
famous agnostic. Ho called attention to
the old Human custom of speaking well
of the dead and forgiving and forgetting
all mistakes made by a public servant.
He cited the suicide of Nero and said ho
supposed that at his death Nero was
given credit for being a benefactor, a dis
penser of gratuity and who assisted In
developing the great architectural beauty
of Rome, whereas the student of history
will only know of his debauchery and im
morality.
The speaker declared that he had no
idea of classing Ingersoll with Nero. He
said Ingersull was a very remarKable
man, whose life was clean and pure, and
that he had many- admirable qualities.
That he should be commended for not
believing that a public office was a pri
vate trust or that it was an invitation to
the spoil; that he believed in the eg i
of woman— the mutual responsibility of
man and woman— and that he appreciated
the strength of family ties. So far as a
consideration of moral life was concerned
there was nothing to object to in Ingersoll.
The doctor said he once thought that
[ngersoll was merely a business man who
translated his uncanny questions for
profit, but he said It would not be fair to
think so if one reviews his remarkable
life.
"The Question Is, then. Where did . c
offend?" continued the Rabbi. "Ingersoll
was a type and «-n]!><iiliment of a cross
examiner, who preached the Scriptures
like a lawyer. Hut you cannot approach
I God by the methods that prevail in a Po
lice Court; neither can you approach re
ligion by the methods of the chemist or
by the operations and theories of a math
ematician. Religion is a field of its own,
has v vocabulary all its own and must
tx proved by men specially schooled. Mr
fngersoll had a constitutional light to ask
questions, but he did not ask them with
I the reverence of a pious interrogator; but
like a man who throws a bomb of dyna
mite before the eyes of his mother! If
he was right In asking questions he exer
cised that right like a spiritual an
i archlst."
In concluding the doctor remarked that
Ingersoll was a great lawyer but a very
I r Bible student; that the man who
could charge Juries and fascinate thou
sands of people was a very poor theoio
glan; that he unwisely 'bought that by
ridicule he could throw discredit on the
old Hebrew literature. The doctor said
Ingersoll defeated himself because he did
not prepare himself.
TALKS OF THE ORIENT.
Dr. W. F. Southard Illustrates Man-
ners and Customs of Con
stantinople.
In spite of the rain, a large audience
gathered to listen to the extremely inter
esting lecture on "Constantinople" which
was delivered by Rev. \\ . !■■. Southard
under the auspices of the California
Camera Club at Metropolitan Temple last
night. Dr. Southard Illustrated In
ture with photographic views, many of
which called forth unstinted applause
During the intermission Miss Lillian
Qulnn delivered a humorous recitation
which she was compelled to repeat.
Scott Club Organized.
A number of Republican voter? Nt the
Thirty-seventh district met las; Thursday
night and organized the Scott Club
Frank I'-. Haynes was elected president
ami Al Lewald secretary. The object of
the organization is to advance the i:'t.'>-
ests of Joseph H. Scott. Republican nom
inee for Tax Collector.
Jimenes Elected.
SAN DOMINGO. Oct. 20.— The district
elections in this city resulted in favor or"
General Juan Isidor Jimenea for Presi
dent, Benor Horaclo Vasquez for Vice-
President and Senores Rafael Abreu and
R. Castillo for Congress. Congress will
meet November 10, and the new Govern
ment will enter upon its duties Decem
ber l.
— » ♦ ■
"Goodness, John! How queer the baby
looks. I believe he is going to have a li; ' '
"By George! I believe you iir e right.
Where's my camera?"
A Wonderful Medicine.
e§E£&*-MM''S
', PiLLS
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach. Sick Headache,
' Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals,
Dizziness and Drowsiness, Ca'.d Chills, Flush-
-1 ings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of
Breath, Costivenegs, Blotches on the Skin, Dis-
i. ttirbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous
and Trembling Sensations, etc. These ailments
, all arise from a disordered or abused condition
of the stomach and liver.
Beecham's Pills will quickly restore Females
to complete health. They promptly remove any
obstruction or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick
Headache, Disordered Liver, etc.,
they act like magic— a few doses will work won-
ders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthening the
Muscular System, restoring the long-lost Com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of Appetite,
and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health iho whole physical energy '
of the human frame. For throwing
off fevers they are specially re- i
nownedm These are "facts" admitted. by
thousands, in all classes of society, and one ■
of the best guarantees to the Nervous and
Debilitated Is' that Beecham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the (
World. This has been achieved
Without the publication of testimonials. '
Beecham's Pills have for many years been ,
the popular family medicine wherever the
English language is spoken, and they now stand ,
without a rival.
.. .10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores.
MRS, LEIGHTON
NOW FILES SUIT
FOR A DIVORCE
Says She Was Cruelly
Neglected.
Oakland Office San Francisco CaP,
908 Broadway, Oct. ■'.'>■
Mrs. Virginia F. Lelghton, who as Miss
Stocker in her younger days was well
known in society circles here and in East
Oakland, Tiled suit in the Superior Court
to-day for a divorce from Elven E. Leigh
ton, The complaint, prepared by Attorney
J. W. Cochrane of San Francisco, recites
a story of cruelty and neglect.
The parties were married in January,
1890, after a very short courtship. Leigh
t' n at the time \v:ts a young dry goods
clerk of d-ishiiiy appearance, and the
couple lived happily for a few months at
Fruitvale. Soon Leighton wearied of
home life, however, and stayed out at un
seemly hours, neglecting his young bride,
until matters became exceedingly inhar
monious. The wife charges that when she
remonstrated and pleaded with him he
slapped her face and hurled vile epithets
at her; and that on one occasion he
packed his grip and left, not returning
until about nine months later. Mrs.
Leighton asks for an absolute separation,
custody of the minor child, Lucille, and
that the household furniture be set apart
for her use.
Florence McGnwan also commenced di
vorce proceedings to-day against Warren
W. MoGowan, alleging statutory grounds.
Jutige Greene this afternoon granted
Jennie Montgomery a divorce from John
Montgomery on the ground of extreme
cruelty. The trouble between 'hi couple
IN IHE NEXT Q
Sunday Call |
| THE CAUSES OF THE BOER WARS,
5 By Fred W. d' Evelyn, who fired the frst
O British shot at the siege of Pretoria.
I THE HATFIELD-McCOI FEUD
8 Breaks out in San Francisco.
| MRS, GEN, FRED FUNSTON
•0 Tells of her li*e at Manila.
| A CALIFORNIA JUSTICE
O Who has married 1230 people.
I THE GIRL HUNTER ' '
g Of the Pacific Coast.
g HOW TO FIGHT FOREST FIRES
| WOMEN !0U HAVE ALL READ ABOUT
£> And the romances of tHeir lives.
I A '49ER WHOSE CHARITIES
<5 Have brought h s tami'y to poverty.
I A BO! WHO SEES ONLY AT NIGHT,
S What the doctors think of him
| EARLI MORNING CALISTHENICS
g To make you lithe and supple.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
POSTPONEMENT NOTICE.
The steamship POMONA, advertised to leave i
for EUREKA (Humboldt Bay). SATURDAY, j
October 21, Is postponed until THURSDAY,
October 26, at 2 p.m.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
ftjj^ Steamers leave Broadway
y^Y^ji wharf, San Francisco.
' tSSftiS&Jv For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
3 W"B*K3a>!»fc Oct. :!. s. 13, Is. 23. 2b; Nov.
1 Psr&t''j">^Tl -■ ■'!'■ lUl ' at Seattle.
" ISdk4N *lfill For Victoria. Vancouver
1 GSPiS-itif^ '■s& l!; ' '•'• ''" rl Townsend, Se-
Jr^*^i|S;wJ nttle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Wnatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8.
13. IS. 23, 2S; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle ■
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G. ;
N. l:y ; nt Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. I M
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Oct. 6,
11. 16, 26. 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Pan Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspn), Gavinta.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Ban Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m.. Oct. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23, 27. 31; Nov. 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Ix» Angeles), li a. m.,
Oct. a, 9. 13. 17. 21. -'■'•• 29: Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter. ■
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. M&zatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosalia [
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asm..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
fHasmmjA vla Honolulu sails
jEDHIE vla Honolulu and
*«t'=^' --— Auckland for Sydney
j( M Wednesday. Nov. i,
rti^sr I • > at 10 p. m. A«istr«Ha
AtWfTNiinc' The S. S. Australln
CylCamJlllU 6 - a n g for Honolulu
. - f~"~: :'■ Wednesday. Nov. 15.
at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
.. v. ar HtUvfcUi <* iJl.ua. Co.. Agts., !l4 Montaomen
Pier 7. c ry>l Pacific St. FrßiuhtOJflrr.SZ 1 } Market St.
BAY AND RIVER ST£A.MEKS. *
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tueß., Wed.. Thurs. ana Sat. at D:4O I
a. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). "V«- |
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., < |
p. m. Landing and offlc*. Mission-street Dock. [
Pier No. 2 Telephone Slain 1508.
PARE „%, i
became a matter of public notoriety
eral months ago, when after a scene m a.
restaurant, where the wife had foun 1 her
husband with another woman arid he re
turned to his home, she is alleged r<> have
thrown carbolic acid into bis fai An
other story was to the effect that she had
tried to end her life with the poison and
that some of the fluid spattered over her
husband's face, nearly blinding him.
Judge Greene has awarded plaintiff cus
tody of the two minor children and fix:-*
the monthly alimony at $30.
Leila G. Brearty was given a decree nf
divorce to-day from Francis Brearty, the
attorney, on the ground of willful neglect.
She was also awarded custody of the
minor children.
MONTANA SENATOR'S
WIFE PASSES AWAY
OAKLAND. Oct. 2>\ — Mrs. A. F. Bray.
wife of Senator Bray of Montana, died
at their temporary home on Kllnkner ave
nue, in Golden Hi:- . early this morning
after a lingering illness. The Bray I
came here 1 several months ago In the in
terest of Mrs. Bray's health, and for a
time the change seemed to benefit her. hut
during the past few days she failed rep
idly. Deceased leaves a hushand and four
children. The remains will be sent to
Butte, Mont., for burial.
Died Away From Home.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 20.— Mrs. Penelope R
Hamilton died yesterday evening at 1255
Park avenue. She was a native of Lousi
ana, aged 37 years and 6 months. Surviv
ing her are a daughter of 14 years, who
was with her here, and a son in Louisi
ana. She was the owner of a plantation
at Laurel Hill, Louisiana. She came here
seven months ago suffering from a cau
cer, which gradually led her to death.
Chosen Friends.
Pacific Council of the Order of fhoserr
Friends grave an enjoyable "at home" to
Its friends in the Alcazar build hit; last
night. There was an interesting pro
gramme, musical and literary, followed
by dancing and the serving of ice cream.
The council will give a like affair on tho
third Friday of each month.
. OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m
FARF 5 12 FlrBt ClaBB Including Berth
I miL So Second Class ;\nd Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 9. l'j. 25.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14. 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
G3O Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARH.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. It 1 St. Paul Nov. *
New York Oct. 23 j New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. ii
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Ever* Wednesday, 12 noon.
We*t«rnland ...Oct. lSlFrlesland ... Nov *
Kensington — Oct. 2r. Southwark Nov. IS
Nordiand Nov. ll Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE. '
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For lull information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
20 Montgomery »t.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steam- for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
NIPPON-MARTT Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA Thursday, Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pas=Sßge apply at company's office,
421 Market Street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE OENERALE TRANBATLANTIQDE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. c-rya.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <Cfj*Ti>
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at -•'•v***-*.
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton nt. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct 2S: LA TOITRAINE. Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE, Nov. 16: LA GAPCOGNE. Nov. a LA
TOURAINE, Nov. 30: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trio B»oond-claas t:
Havre. $4.': 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
OEN»~RAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FITOAZI * CO.. Pa-
rifle Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery ay«., San
Francisco. -._
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:?0 o'clock.
«5? McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
«18 Larkln street: open until 3: JO o'clock.
J9U Mission street; open- until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street : open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky i-treets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Com mandery «-"t —
No. 16, K. T.. 623 Butter St.— Officers BUT
and members of this commandery are iy
hereby ordered to assemble at the r
asylum In full uniform on SUNDAY,
October 22. at 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late frater,
SIR HENRY D. ROBERTSON •
JOS. C. CAMPBELL. Eminent Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. B. R. A. M., a
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- J^L
INC.. October 21. Nt 7:30 o'clock. R. A. T2_2?
degree. By order of the 11. P. r^r>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary. 1
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. • j
M.— Officer* and members are respect- sA £"^ # I
fully requested to assemble SUNDAY. tCJJT I
October 22. at 2 o'clock P- m., to attend'^^ '
the funeral of BROTHER HENRY D. ROB-
ERTSON, late member of Howard Lodge No.
M, Yreka, Cal. THEO. FROHLI Sac.
MEMBERS of Cosmopolitan Lodge -<jg_Ai£fe»
No. 194 I. O. O. F., will a.*."tn- -§J«sSB>S==
ble at their hall SUNDAY. Octo =^S^^
ber 22d. at 1 p. m.. to attend the ™' x
funeral of our late brother P. G., JOHN
HART. By order. W. ].. MBU3ER. N. G.
OFFICERS and members of St. v V3 r sl (
Andrew* Society are requested to JJik ujy
attend the funeral of cur late 'tiOUl*
member. VERNO.V CAMPBELL,
on SUNDAY, October 22. at 1:80 p. m.,
from Masonic Temple, cor. Post and Mont-
gomery ats.
JAMES a WEBSTER, President.
ALEXANDER PATTERSON, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by tha hydraullo
process from Henry H. Meyer, et als.. in the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downle-
vllle. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Slnnott
and F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek
Tailing Claim. In Goodwin Township, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West, In the Eagle Gulch
mine, in Butte County, near Strawberry Val-
ley, to deposit tailings in a worked-out pit,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room R5. Flood building. Pan Francisco, Cal.,
on October 30. 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meetlnr -Annual meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUF.A SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street,
In the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the
SMh day of October. 1599. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14.
IK-3. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
rui \( CO! NTANT9.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KINO, sixth floor. Chron- j
icle building; no advance charges; all cases; I
estate*. mortgages, damages, collections, !
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate ;
fees; coll or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without puccees; collections. G. W. ,
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St., opp. Mason; ;
consultation free: moderate fees.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorney* at law, Emma j
Ppreokels building, 927 Market Pt.
ADVICE free: no char— c unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDS B£7 Market st. opp. Mason, j
— — - : 1
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
WHITE agency. HS4 Market St.; a few '93
Wheele, $23; mechanical repairing.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market Tentibu
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS. ~
EDDY. 123— United tites Hotel; roomjT'sT'y) !
w*-k up. with board $3 50; suit for two with '
board, $12: board, $4 week; meals, 2oc; ele-
vator runs all meht
A NEW family hotel, c"7 California st., occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board: for 2, $15 up; single. $20.
LEAVENWORTH, 21?— Sunny front rooms; ex-
cellent table board; desirable location; reaa.
MARKET. IS2O (Lac Palmas)— Suite of _ or 3
rms.; private: bath; Bin. rms. ; board optional. .
O'FARRKLL. 742— I 'lean 'comfortable rooms; fU-
perlor table board: bath: piano: reasonable. '
PINE, 1222— Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms; suite or single; refs. Miss Hutch:
POWELL. 209 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites 1
and ■■ :-g]e with or without board.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ACCOMMODATION for 1 or 3 small~chndrenl
mother's care and home comforts MRS C
L. Dl MONT, 51S East Eleventh St.. Oakland! ;
GOOD board for one or two children; excellent '
homo. 3943 Army st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged!
Holnrs Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
LADIES' best rubbers. 2oc and 35c; men's
boots. $2; children's shoes, 610 up; ladies'
shoes, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store. 1.*!03 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$3SO— CORNER saio n, one block from Market i
6t., cl'.se to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent $40; '
lease; dally receipts $1S; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE, 106 Market st.
<7800- HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar. din-
ing-room, etc.; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class i
paying property must be sold at once; Impor- j
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full- I
est investigation solicited. Call R. G.
WILKE. f'o-5 Market St.
A— SIIOO— CORNER saloon with « rooms; rent
$00: mercantile lunch: between wholesale 1
houses and iron foundries; place clearing $100 |
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market. I
A-S"OO— CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
Market and Powell sib. ; only the very best !
class of patronage; no rent to pay; a spledld
off^r. R. G. WILKE, 606 Market St.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O' Fan-ell st., Including 4 rooms; dally re-
ceipts $10; rent, $25: a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE. 806 Market st.
A— ssrO; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
et.: rent !3J; first class; paying. Call WILKE
:->') Market at.
$600— FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; wholesale dis-
trict; must be sold this week on account
ether business. JONES. Sfi Market St.
$275— SALOON doing prosperous business; 4 fur-
rma,; cheap rent. KREDO & CO., 22V& Geary.
$1250— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock: Invoice $1200: $25 dally; must be
sold; sloknese. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary St.
A— FIRST-CLASS saloon on Fourth st.; bar-
gain this day; $175. COWING & CO., 995 Mar-
ket st.
B£M— BUTCHER shop: doing business $25 to 535
day: ICO route customers; 2 homes; 2 wagons-
great sacrifice. JONES, 866 Market st.
DO you want to get In on "the gTou>n* floor" In
an oil well? Address G. W. PHELPS, 500
Safe Deposit bldg., San Francisco.
$200— PAINT shop: oh tab. 40 years; good stock*
fine tools. R. WILLIS, 926 Washington st. '
PRIVATE boarding-house; 2.'. boarders; 13
rooms; all full: north Market. Box 1344 Call.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half Interest in
horse, wagon, furniture, brooders, chicken
feed. etc.. for sale, or will sell whole. Box
876. Can office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Corner taloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented: barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
PARTNER In cheap and\useful invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address 611 Eighth.
RESTAURANT, good steady trade: 2 living
rooms; cheap rent. Apply «.8V» Natoma st.
CIGAR store; very cheap; good location; cheap
rent; owner de3lres to go to country. Box
997, Call.
FOR sale or rent — Good-paying restaurant; ac-
count of leaving town. Address box 871, Call
office. Oakland.
?.'.i> -SHOE shop: establ 4 years; plenty of
work for 1 men; sickness the cause of sell-
ing. Box 813, Call office.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; central
location; J«x _j« ciiea;> A Inquire Call office. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$1280— GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
tion; best class cash trade: good horse and
wagon; large stock; fine fixtures and safe;
cash register; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$375— Restaurant, near car house and I car lines;
big regular trade: Saturday and Sundays large
transient: living rooms. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$4 500— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
St.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given if
you mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$250— PAYING branch bakery In the Mission ;
4 living rooms: receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old eFtab. M. LESS. 765 Market.
FOR sale— One of the best corner liquor stores
and saloons In Vallejo; new and complete in
every particular: electric lights; 1 block from
principal wharf; fixtures complete; select
stock of goods: ready for business at once;
price 11000: rent reasonable to good tenant.
Cnll on FRED HOLLMAN. Hollman House.
Vallejo. Cal.
FOR sale Liquor store, established M years;
retiring: from business: 2S-room house and
store to let: fixtures and stock will be sold
cheap; long lease If desired; suitable for
grocery, drug store or hotel. 1153 Howard
ft., cor. Sumner. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
. CORNER grocery and bar: good corner:
established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean: cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business; lease if desired: stable
on premises. J. IV ROHR'S, 682 San Jo3e
aye., corner Valley m
$2tOO— ONE of the best located drug stores In
the city; clearing $200 per month: Belling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box M 4. Call office.
"FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing Fplendld business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down.
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
BRANCH bakery and stationery store: good
location; 3 living rooms; rent $11. 1342 Sac-
ramento st.
PARTNER wanted with $800; $500 cash; balance
on time; light business; come investigate; no
agent. Call at 2 Eighth St., barber shop.
FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent
bears Investigation. Inquire 269 Third st.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster house op-
posite ferry; established 25 years. Box 221,
Call office,
GOOD-PAYING rooming house, for cash; 18
rooms. 133 Hyde st.
VALUABLE patent for sale. 1811H Polk st.
HALF or whole Interest grocery store; estab.
12 years. Call 1510 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
LUNCH place and variety store for sale;
cheap. 2474 Mission st.
$600— PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843, Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 206. Call office.
FOR sale— Dining-room: serving 200 meals per
day; rent $25; Investigate. Box 204. Call office.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795, Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWFLL <■■ CO.'S. 412 Sncramento St.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business was-' new. suitable for dry
poods stores: rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN _ SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS ".-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 FolFom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. SSS-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. S. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. $8-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st. :
tel Main C 94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 3c.
I \TT< INS. 3 Eighth St.: t«l. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., -4" 14th
Et. : cleaning, 3c per yard; ttrt. Mission 74.
CONKLIN Carpet-beating Works. 533 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East lit.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND Si IHITUAHSJW.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: -overs ldst. stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance : perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never falls in her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Gear}*.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails: satisfaction guarantee.; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m. ; L. 60c; G. $1. 6:2:, Eddy st
EDWARD EARLS, Independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall. Sun. night.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th Bt.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; sittings
daily; test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c; 2, 8 p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 26c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 120«
Market et., cor. Golden Gate aye., parlor 14.
PROF. Medium; read's, We. $l:test circles
Tues., Thurs., Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Son.. 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212 V. Sixth Bt.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and.
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. . SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office anil factory. 21 Sr-ar st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth St.. near Dolores. |
DENTISTS. j—
X^DrTt! IT~HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe ZXnkasd— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best »nd most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from Me;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 BO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; op;n
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plate*,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rr n. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. fS: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free: the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranred and painless ;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
YAW VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market St.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Zfcihnarzt. i Turk: lst-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner bldg. ;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
/m— . N. T, Dentists, Mission, cor. 6t_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1899.
DENTISTS. *
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1+43 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3SJ Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses mnde ever; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches: the
onl> school in the city having the right to
use" the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing: satisfaction guaranteed; catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. :
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. Eurvey.assay.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
Ci liege, 1286 Market st.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2: new members welcome: ref. 1001 Mission.
SPANISH— thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz. 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fillippe's
Academy of Languages. S2O Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 806 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpelc; lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gat* aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus! -
ness College. SOS Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
JAPANESE Mutual Intelligence Office;
help recommended. 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 665 Clay st ; phone Davis 821. '
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
I help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary et.; tel. Grant 56. ■
' CHWESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4141* O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE, 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements: would receive patients In her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A •
Clara St., Third and Fourth, Folsom and Har-
rison.
AMERICAN woman, speaks German, wants a
position as housekeeper; good cook, seam- .
stress; or In a small family; good references.
Call or address 315 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, or would take charge
of a lodging-house. Call Golden Gate Hotel,
Ellis St., room 27, bet. 1 and 3.
MAN or woman desiring faithful cultured com-
panion and worker, city or country, near or
remote, address box 299. Call office.
YOUNG girl wants situation for light house-
work; must go to night school. Call Saturday,
between 1" and 3. 514 Second st.
j GIRL wishes to work in small family; no chil-
dren. Box 196, Call office.
COLORED woman wishes day work. Address
box 821, Call .-• -
GERMAN woman wants work by the ' day
washing. ironing and cleaning. Call at 856
Mission et.
WANTED— By a middle-aged German woman,
a situation for cooking and housework. Call
at 3SO-J Mission st, near Thirty-first; wages $20.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address 537 Howard st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and bookkeeper in an nee; position more of
an object than wages; first-class references.
Address box 999. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box
M«, Call office.
i DANISH lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; city or country. Address box 812, Call.
; A TRAINED male nurse, graduate of Belle-
vue. N. V., wishes engagement with private
family. Address 330 Eddy Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as an
Infant's nurse, care of children or laundress;
references. Box 817, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 DO to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to ari from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
POSITION wanted by experienced young man.
aged 2S, as office man, collector and book-
keeper; am quick, thorough, accurate and
Industrious. Address box 295. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced cutter wishes a
position In a good tailoring establishment;
best of references. Address box 2834, Call.
ELDERLY man wants situation as cook or
ranch or help In hotel or boarding house
city. J. H., box 297, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can ' give good references. Address box 434,
Call office.
' WANTED— A middle-aged man would like po-
sition of trust; fully capable In any capacity;
good penman; first-class references. Address
box 991. Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
i situation; steady, sober and industrious; can
milk; handy with tools; good references. Ad-
j dress box 74, Call office. Oakland.
1 YOUNG man, experienced nurse, would like a
patient In hospital or private house. Box 717
! Call. '
YOUNG man 26 wishes situation to learn car-
penter trade. 6 Post-st. court, near Larkln.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; all-
round man; long experience; city preferred
Box 709, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener, good horseman and
milker, wants position: handy with tools;
best references. Box 225, Call.
HAVE $",00 to invest with services; no agents.
Box 824. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener: understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows: very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809. Call.
RESPECTABLE man and wife wish positions
to do chamber work and waiting at table.
Box 815. Call.
YOUNG Irishman wishes situation of some
kind; would like to learn bartending. Box
83$, Call.
WANTED— Position as assistant carpenter by
steady young man with 1 year's experience.
W. XV.. 12>4 Hill st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at the
! northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. •' :■ - r
EXCHANGE. .-;; ,
j 20 ACRES fruit and walnuts; good buildings;
near Los Angeles; $5500 clear for property
I around bay. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. %
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ,'-,
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071U Market at.. San Francisco: exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— SCOTT St.; 5 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays, etc.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HO WELL, 10
Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
O'FARRELL. 1933-1937— flats; Just com -
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON St
BURKE.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows: for 2 families. 417% Third st.
TO let— fiats of 4 rooms each. Key at 70
Clementina St.. bet. First and Second.
$17 50— 6-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
541 Castro St., near Nineteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. '
J ,16 pages, in wrapper, fo* mailing, }i per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp. 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined,
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERt7~773 MUslon~sTr^iys
the highest price for your Ja-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc.; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market
JTVRRIKRs, FIIKS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
»0. ROIIT. WALLACE. ll."i Kearnv. tnp floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the. battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 inches ln 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 31 First st.. San Francisco.
SOLICITORS wanted; salary~besldes commls-
sion. Consolidated Flavoring Co.. 1454 Mar-
ket st.. 2 to 6.
WANTED — Ladies or gents; salary and com-
mlsslon 114 Jones st.
HELP WAKTE D— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, country hotel, $30- boarding-
house cook, city, $25; cook for Institution, $25;
cook. San Rafael, $25; cook, short distance,
private family, $30: Alameda. $25; Oakland,
$25; Berkeley, $20; Santa Clara. $25; Modesto,
$20; Ventura, $20; fancy ironer, country, $25,
fare paid; ironers for the city. $30; laundress,
private family. $25; cook. American family,
$30 and $25; 2 German cooks, $35; t cooks,
German style, $25 and $30. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31G Sutter st.
WANTED, rain or shine— Parlor maid and
waitress, $20; chambermaid and seamstress,
$20; woman to do cleaning, $20; kitchen
helper, $20; 4 second girls, city and short dis-
tance; 4 hotel waitresses, city and country;
chambermaid, country. $'-S; g restaurant wait-
resses. |20 and $6 per week, city and country;
a number of general housework girls, city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31tj" Sut-
ter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
2 waitresses, hotels, city, $20; 2 waitresses,
hotels, north. $20 and free fare, see proprie-
tor here; 2 waitresses, same hotel, Nevada,
$20 and fare paid; waitress, hotel, near city,
$20: chambermaid and wait, city, $20; 2 laun-
dresses. $20; second girl, $20; 20 choice places
for house girls. $20, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
_CO., 104 Gear}' Bt.
AN Infant's nurse; one child; $25 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 32:. Sutter St.
GIRL to assist: $16; sleep at home. MIPS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOTEL Gazette Employment Bureau, 28 Mont-
gomery—? waitresses for first-class commer-
cial hotel, near city, to go to-day, and others.
MRS. M. E. DAY, manager.
GIRL for general housework; washing; us°d
to children; wages $20. Apply at once. 2429
Telegraph aye., Berkeley.
WANTED— First-class talloress; good wages,
FRANCIS. 796 Sutter St.
WANTED— Young girl for restaurant; $4; also
lunch waiters. 680 Fourth st.
OPERATORB on ladles' waists to take work
home. 723 Market st., room 35.
WANTED— Two waitresses In restaurant. 7
Taylor et.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS wanted. Call at Win-
r Hotel. 44 Third st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress! Call early.
_J26 Ninth st.
GIRLS! GIItLS! GIRLSI
LEVI PTP.AUSS & CO.. 32H Fremont St..
are putting ln the very h*st sewing ma-
ch! 1 -** and vrill take ln several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove ets.
FIRST-CLASS hands on ladies 1 tailor skirts
and coats; only best need apply; highest sal-
aries paid A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny.
WANTED Good respectable girl to help at
housework in small family; $15 per month and
Increase. 121:, r.ush st.
WANTED Competent young girl to elderly
woman for light housework. 1317 Caroline St.,
Alameda.
FI KPT-CLASS experienced saVslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris il,, a k Hi;-.-. 1114 Market.
GIRL, 14 to 16, to help mind baby; comfortable
home; small wages. 1C62 Pi st st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
(20. 1" De I^ong aye.
GIRL wanted ln small family: one to sleep at
home preferred. 176.1 Ellis st.
WANTED— A young girl for second work. 2016
Buchanan .-t.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. 71S Market st.
SCANDINAVIAN or Oermnn girl for house-
work and assist In store; no family. 112 Sev-
enth et.
NICS German girl to help in baker store; sleep
home. 1306 Polk st.
YOUNG girl to take care of a child one year
old; sleep home. 1205 Polk st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work home. 11.
FHIEI'LANDEU. 33S Fell st.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
ers wanted on custom work. 509 Kearny, r. 2.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, [linking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
SEVERAL ladies who want to make money at
home. 472U Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A GOOD finisher on pants; good wages. 609
Kearny St.. room 1.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. BH Keerny st.,
room IS.
WANTED— 3 or 4 energetic ladies; good pay.
114 Jones Bt.
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. S. Laun-
dry', Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage ;:ald.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
FREE FARE. ...COAST ROAD. ...FREE FEE
Teamsters and laborers: ship Monday and
Tuesday C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary.
TEAMSTERS and laborers for the Valley R.
R., $2 a day, free fare; laborers, city and
country, $2 a day; quarrymen. country. $2 to
$2 25 a day; woodsmen, $26 to $35 and fare ad-
venced: working foreman for a ranch, $35;
harnessmaker for a ranch, $30; six-horse
teamster, $1 23 a day and board. C. R. HAN-
JEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
COOK, country restaurant, $S8; cook and wife,
country hotel, $50, see noes here; restaurant
cooks, $8 nnd $10 a week; second cooks. $60
and $40: waiters, $25 and $30; dishwashers,
potwashors and kitchen hands. $20, $25 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
UPSTAIRS porter, hotel. $2?i bell boy.
hotel. $7 50. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104
Geary st
< ROUGH carpenters for a ranch; $1 50 a day
and board. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Qeary.
WANTED — Colored coachman. $20; cheese-
maker. $lp to $80; 2 farmers and wives. $35
and $45; 10 mlnern, $2 50 day; tlmberman for
mine, $2 75 day; buggy washer, $50; house
painter. $3; plain painter. $2 25 day; paper-
hanger, $3 50 day; shingle sawyer; shingle
packer; butcher boy, $15 and found; stable-
man; farmers for Contra Costa and Sonoma
oountles, and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacrr.m«-nto St.
WANTED-Cook. $60; second cook. $35; third
cook. $30: dishwasher, $25; vegetable man and
pot washer, $25; all for same country hotel;
coffee saloon waiters. $ft week; dishwashers,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
4 MORE men to handle grain team on large
gran ranch. $1 50 per day and board; farmer
and wife. $4.1; milkers. $25 and $30; 10 la-
borers for mill and woods, $28 to $35 per month
and board, and others; driver for milk route
ln city, references required. $35 per month and
found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free, employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men: bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 120fi Market St., near
telephone Main 61.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
COMPLETE fixtures 4-chalr b.irber shop n K nr
store, cor. Eighth and Washington. Oakl.ind.
FIRST-CLASS custom coatmakers7~63Tl{earny
St.: call early.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. Southeast corner^f
Howard and Main.
YOUNG man to learn saloon business. South-
-east cor. Clay and Davis sts. ; references.
GOOD harnessmaker for the country. 400 Mar-
k?t st.
HELP WASTED —
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want to-day, from 7 a. m.. HELP FOR ARI-
ZONA. UTAH. WASHINGTON. OREGON.
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND ALL PARTS OF
CALIFORNIA '
harnessmaker for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shop wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers slate splitters
lather — sash and door maker block maker
shingle packer iron molder granite cutter
$3 50. $3. $2 50 day COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
6 GOLD MINES 6 SILVER MINES
IS OTHER MINES
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
16 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $67 per
month, Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you wi^l suit, fare $150.. 540 found
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES
26 plow teamsters $30. $26 and found
68 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26, $25. $20 and fd
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 chore men and boys $20. $15, $10 and fd
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE PAY YOUR FARES ;
TO 3S SAWMILLS. ETC !
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
....197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
Wages from $26 to $40 and found
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
....Tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers....
woodsmen and mlllmen of every description,
$80, $75, $65, $50. $43, $40, $30, and found; wood-
choppers. t!emakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay st.
• BIG WAGES
26 laborers, inside work $2 to $2 75 day
18 laborers, fare 50e $60
12 quarrymen. country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and
country Jobs, $3, $2 60. $2. $1 75 day; some by
the day. others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS BAKERS. ETC.
IS cooks, also second and third
$53, $45. $40. $30 and found
19 waiters $30. $25, $20 and found
32 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
6 porters, $20 and found Hotel Bakers. $4»
4 bakers, first, second and third hands
6 laundrymen $40,- $35, $25 and found
Bedmakers 2 barbers $50
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE ship you free RAILROAD WORK
155 teamsters and laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
n CARPENTERS, steady Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and wife, country hotel kitchen, $50;
ranch cook. 5 men, $23, found; boy to drive
delivery wagon; 4 farmers and wives and
milkers and wives. $10. found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st. • f
BUTCHERS ".. BLACKSMITHS
butcher, country, $30. found: 6 blacksmiths,
$2 60 day, $40 and $30, found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-036 Clay st.
FOREMAN for vineyard, etc.: Mr. Hill, also
Mr. Lamb, please call. MURRAY & READY,
6:{4-C36 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man about 20 for office night
work; must be a good penman, have good
elementary school education, quick of per- '
ception, neat, bright and willing; good at \
ordinary arithmetic; no drones or thickheads;
good start for right party. Apply at 932 Van
Ness, between 11 and 12 a. m.
BOY or elderly man for country; steady work-
references; call 9 a. m. 90S Broadway, Oak-
land.
2 BARBERS wanted; one steady. 217 Fourth st. j
GOOD barber wanted: steady; come at 10
o clock; wages $2 60. 908% Howard st.
GOOD barber; steady to right man. 252 Ellis
street.
WANTED Sklrtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
DISHWASHER at 432^ Fifth St. .
WANTED— Dishwasher for night work. 1436
Turk st.
WANTED -Elevator boy. Call at 102 Ellis st.
OYSTER opener wanted. M. E. WAGNER, 8
Willow aye.
WANTED — A boy with some experience to as-
sist in dining room. Apply 532 Third st.
SECOND waiter wanted. Park Hotel 26 Turk
street.
DISHWASHER— home for right party
call early. 44S Third st.
WANTED— An experienced wax thread oper-
ator. Apply to CAHN, NICKELSBURG &
CO., 115-117 Hayes st.
A GOOD cabinet stock cutter wanted at
WILLIAM BATEMAN'S. 885 Folsom st.
BARBERS— Shop in good country town for sale
cheap; shaving 25c. DKCKELMAN BROS.,
Barbers' Supplies, 106 Ellis st.
WAITER or waitress at Manhattan House, 825
Battery St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2"c-
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman. San Jose Woolen
Mills, 523 Market st., room 3, 12 to 1 o'clock.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Call at 1211 Polk st.
BOY for printing office. Apply P. BOULIN,
619 Filbert St.
TO Tailors— coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman in piano house.
Box £29. Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
st., near Polk.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
pay to right men; salary. .*OO Post st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks: expert instructions: Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted as a part-
ner to go Into business: good opportunity for
the right man. Box 707, Call office.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seAmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 16c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till t p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
REGu£AR l L a^ctTon^aie r "TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables. 1517-
-1519 Mission st., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will b«
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
In harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO.. auctioneers. N. Sales
. of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
*0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Handsome trotting mare, with trot-
ting buggy and harness; complete; suitable
for gentleman's use. Apply, at 1011 Sutter st.
FINE span strawberry colored horses; age 6
years; suitable for light delivery work; 1
nth from ranch. 15 City Hall square.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1821
and 1626 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horse*. Tomkinson's Livery Stable. 57
Minna M.. bet. First and Second.
HOUSES— LODGIXG— FOR SALE.
$3000— House of 16 rooms. 12 furnished; pays
from $70 to $75 a month: or will rant for $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St.. bet
Pacific and Jackson. Stockton and Powell sts.
12 FURNISHED rooms on Third st. • $350; cause
sickness. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
BUSH. 421— Furnished house: 48 rooms; gas and
i watejr. every, room; a bargain; $550,
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN .t CO.. 14 MontgomTy.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house containing
S rooms and bath; large yard; modern; 2015
San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. station,
Alam«dH; rent cheap. Apply MADISON A
BURKE.
112 Bo— ll SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden:
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$12— 6-ROOM house and batn. 729 Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts.
REDUCED to $4S: 9-room lodging house; 313^4
O'Farrell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSK of 10 rooms; large garden and stable.
4 i ' >llinxwi ■". - c t.
LOST /AD FO IX D.
LOST^Knlght Templar Jewel.; suitable re-
ward. Return to 7SI O'Farrell st.
LOST— Tuesday evening, October 17, Vallejo St.,
near Buchanan, long gold stickpin, with a
star of smnll diamonds and pearls, a star
sapphire In the middle; suitable reward. Box
996. Call.
L< IST— A black overcoat at Gmnd Opera-house
Monday evening. Liberal reward will b«
given if returned to 344 Grove st.
LOST — I p. ni. Tuesday, on Ellis, n«- ;lr Leav-
enworth. black cocker spaniel (male puppy);
padlock collar. Liberal reward at 430 Ellia.
LOBT— Black and tan Dachshund pup, 4 months
old. Reward at Sl7 Market st.
LOST— A pasc-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH SAUL. No 190-085. The
finder will please return to bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States, postpaid, for >1 per year.
.MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. between
Hyde and Larldn; hours. 10 to 5. 7 to S.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2751; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye..
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket Ft., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
DRS. GOODW^T. formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market et.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at US Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
HOME In confinement: treatment $o; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van N-^a ay».
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
ST years. 318 Kearny Bt: consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market rt.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
»nsep of the hnmnn body. US Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALK.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures, new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
*t , above Sixth.
BARS, cjunters. showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
AND still another latest style nenrly new seal-
skin for $105. At UN<LE HARRIS*. 15 Grant
avenue.
RECORDS or charts I. O. O. F., 10c each;
framed 75c up; 2 French b--veled plate mlr-
r'>rs, one 40xC.S inches In 4-inch blrdseye maple
frame, $2S; 1 unframed, 40x54 Inches, $19.
jones. :<7 Mission st.
SIX h. p. gasoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
FRAME building and stable for sale cheap;
ha« to be removed. Cor. Main and Bryant".
BAFEB— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes';
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st., S. F., Cal
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. 6 R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., tel. Main DOB 6.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, S locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged: furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Fills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
SAFES— Nbw and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
BARS, counter*, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cueap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 64S MJssion, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery', electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: gas eng., 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 B»ale.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLAXEOIS WANTS.
WANTED— Irish setter hunting do B ; small pre-
ferred: well trained; state price and where
may be seen. Address box OS, Call office.
WANTED— To hire. ICO flrst-class scraper teami
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
BTONE. Elmhurst.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, cold dust, platinum and silver
bouirht H Landeoker ft Co.. lIS Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any ether good security; payabls
, back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan a» long as you de-
sire; avoid ied tape and puWiclty; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and qutekly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoa bldg.. 1170 Market gt.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
cecond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at « per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me.s:.oto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages ;estates in probate, undivided interests m
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advic*
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C3R Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third it.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery «t.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock: low
rates. J. H. FDSON, 120'J Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place, to borrow money on dla-
monds. «gwelry. XV. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. f>3o Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand, uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY '& CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
FORTY years in business here has placed us
in position to serve you better than most oth-
ers: a fine assortment of Hazleton and other
pianos at the lowest prices: a few used pi-
anos at great bargains; a Steinway upright
Hardman, Chaae Bros.. Arion, Dewing Bros •
specials for this week; squares from $25 ud'
THE J. DEWING CO.. 2d floor. Flood build:
ing. Fourth and Market sta.
A FINE Steinway upright left by private Dar»W-
sacrificed. Room 12. Flood building,.
MUSICAL insintjioiiia
A bargains for this week. .
Ste^n e wav g upr'ight; flrst-class condition.
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
Fou'r'Vew W°eb?rs: reasonable offer accepted.
One Chickertng: mahogany st.
Bt:xj. CURTAZ &_SON, 1« O Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE »
26 2S and 30 OFarrell st.; pianos organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices- terms eaay; prices lowest every -
Thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
™P?AJ^^Kir&7T beBt t0
DECKER & SON pianos are always best to
bwyTAt MAPTA&-. 76» Market rt.
$7«T $150 $175. $200 or $200 WILL pay for a good
T«no At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.. if you
buy now.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAtTZY. 808 Post St.
PIANOS: great bargains; $25, ,$3O. $55, $60, $200.
1181H Mission St.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A-UPRIGHTS. $89 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 1.6 J^ins.
XV G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A— UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stein-way upright; also the famous
Harming Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOIIMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MtTI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent — Large cement-floored basement,
suitable for wine vault. Address box 714, Call.
PACIFIC, 324— Handsome large store; cheap to
good tenant.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD7~puptI of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mall, $1.
PERSONALS.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 75; pants,
13 75, or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples cent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market St.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— cur« I
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlors; open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to 9 p. m. 326 A Sills st.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ). 706 Ellis st.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA hair tonic; a pow-
erful nourishment to weak and impoverished
hair; 35c bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
IMPORTED HAIR styles halrdressing, 25c;
shampooing, 50c; short hair, 25c; restoring
gray hair to natural color, $1 50 to $5; bleach-
ing roots of hair, 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stkn.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. I American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
2r.c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art. 10 Post st. Ladles with escorts
! admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p.-m. E.
HAQI'ETTE.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office, 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tool*
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, "722 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 523 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verlta
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
I PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sowing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post St.
M.Mr-:. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-S.
i LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny St.
i IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
[ ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
■ RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Plne.ab.Krny.
' SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED — Old gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. pn«tpald. for $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue fr»e. Gal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021H Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SMALL ranch wanted; must be reasonable.
Box 70S. Call office.
— ■
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
STORAGE ON RAILROAD TRACKS^ ~"
LARGE WAREHOUSE
TO RENT,
KING. BERRY AND SIXTH STS.
■ —
Lot 275x275 feet; building is 275x150 In size.
■ and spur double tracks from King st. run into
rear of warehouse: will fix up or alter ware-
house to suit tenant; will rent as a whole or
in sizes to suit.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery st.
I FORCED SALE.
Reduced to one-third real value; 15 lots on
Pacific Heights, including 2 corners; only
$11,000; or single lots from $600 up; send for
plat. Box 992, Call office.
NEW CORNER FLATS ."
$4S0O; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
| IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
w*st of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$1500— 514 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
FOR sale — Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. Sea
Hew Drug Company, Alameda.
CHICKEN ranch on San Bruno road- $SOO Ap-
ply to MRS. GRAVES, opp. Six-mile House.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley. 1150 acres"; well
watered, wooded: 200 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
ROOMS for housekeepixg.
CALIFORNIA, 2..23^NlclTr~lfu^s^eT^u^7
rooms, all modern conveniences, bath gas
complete for housekeeping; also sunny rooms
for gentleman; a quiet comfortable ho"me.
CLAY. 2421. In rear' near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. $13; also single. $5 to $7.
FIFTH, 309- New house; parlor, kitchen, bed-
room, hot and cold water; Ist floor; other rms.
GEARY, 622—2 large sunny front rooms; large
yard; ground floor; for housekeeping.
JACKSON. 920, near Furnished larg»
sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to $9; single, $4.
Kr.ARNY. 230— Single rooms, sunny front and
housekeeping rooms.
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor, near Post-3 furnished
rooms: upstairs: $14.
MARTHA place— Two well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping: yard.
NATOMA. Sunny trout housekeeping
rooms; $10 per month.
°n K - 116— Elegant newly furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; private. ___
O'FARRELL, 314 A-Nlcely furn. rooms com-
plete for housekeeping ; telephone Black 1299.
POST, 2607—3 rooms: furnished for housekeep-
* ing; modern improvements; JX2 60.ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ;
SCOTT. I*lo— Two nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kitchen; gas range.
STOCKTON. Co3— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house-
_.' keeping.
THIRD, 143 (Dorland House)— Sunny front
r-H.,mf; complete for housekeeping.
THIRD.- 316— Housekeeping rooms, $1 75 and $3
a week.
VAN NT.??. 31S— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
; to t-uit housekpg.; running water; gas, bath.
A HRANCII ofiice lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky s-ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ruhseriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuril, and I'nfurn,
AN uj>-to-date new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio],; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.'
A- Ii R i: NSWICK9 HOUSE, 14S Sixth-Rooms,
2f.c to $1 per nlsht; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator-
bath: rooms 30c to $1 ."0 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suits and
bin^le rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
and families; elevator; special rates to trav-
eling men.
BURNETT. 1426 Market told No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTONJ 12'->F Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— funny corner; well furn. rms. &• offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished gunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 M week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS. 321 (Roeedale House)— Nice rooms 25c
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS; MS — Large sunny rooms; single or en
suite: everything new; prices reasonable..
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
r<-»omp; travelers accommodated: MRS. lIYER.
GEARY, f.r.fj — Elejrant sunny front and back
parlor; piano; phone; housekeeping; other
grooms.
GEARY. 736— Neatly furnished room; bath; 55.
GOLDEN Gate aye.. 1404— Sunny front room;
running water: private family; $S 50.
GOLDEN GATE av.\. 1525— 3 unfurnished rms.,
with carpet, pantry; bath and water free; $14.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
und Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single;- ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. TSI Mission— Select family
rpornlng houst; fl 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHOitNK. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
sunny room: board optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 71.". — 20(i gunny rooms; nicely fur-
nishc-d; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c pfr nlsiu; $1 50 to ?3 per week.
HYDE, S— Two nice ur.furnifhc-d rooms; sun'.iy;
desirable location; prices reasonable..
HYDE, 19, neir McAllister— -Newly furnisied
su:;ny rooms; Lest location; prices reasonable.
I.- ' ''. 'ST arc. HSU. n^ar Polk— Large frout
rocm, 2 closet.*, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen; $6 and $8.
McAJjLISTER, 515— Nice sunny newly fur-
nished rooms; gas, bath, running water;
• m"n i . Font
MCALLISTER^ 702V2— Purmy furnished or un-
furnlshed rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA* '■••.:. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
• y:\Yl'oirr," 21 Franklin^ nr. Market— Large
1.0-^in. rms. and single. $.•, up; also hkig.
OAK. :'S5 — Nicely furnished sunny room; pri-
\at*> family; sas; bath; cheap.
OFARRELL. 50+=An elegantly furnished and
delightfully situated rooming house; sun all
day; rooms single or en suite; quiet; home-
!:• • : must be seen to be appreciated.
O'FAItIiEU., 3MA— Nicely furnished rooms,
!-::..-.:.- ..r en suite; telephone Black 299.
O'FARRELL-7 723-rLarge front alcove room;
handsomely furnished; . ■ •'..■ man only; rent
.reasonable.
HOYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' y.arlor. rooms, per night. 3^c to $1 50;
wi-.-k. J2 to >■ month. SS to $30; elevator on
oiTiee floor; rooms with hot. cold wat : baths.
EKCO.VD, 50 1 * — Large front nd small room;
grate, bath: f-uitabl» for two or more.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth et., |
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 2X2. cor. Howard— Single fur- i
nistied lie>'.r<inm; M a month.
GUTTER: 1111— Comfortably furnished suites;
a.so h.aisokwplng rooms; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA, 217-.,—S unny furnished front room
In private family.
: . i
THE thiks. li:< Third— A good rooming house
fcr gend pefple. R-- HITCHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 303— Housekeeping roams. $2 per week; ;
also "ingle rooms tor men; ?! per week.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ft-s. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements r>.nd
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room, about $3 or $4
month: sinsle man. Box 71<5, Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES \\l) SUPPLIES, j
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; I
machine supplies. l-i5 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- '
Tri!r:nL' at lowest rnt»s. 205 Fourth -•
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 521 Lake st. has received the i
following orphans and half orphan girls from
July 1 to October 1. ISW: Frances G. Me- j
Kewen, aged 9 years; Leila Marion G. Keyse.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
I'orlß Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years.
ROOMS papered from t3; whitened, Jl up; '
painting none. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
sonable rice In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid- |
wife, 2012 FolFom. nr. loth; phone White 1344.
HAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or oourftrv. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <Xi Mnr.tcomery St.. rcom* 9-10: tel. ''20
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES:
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop., I
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; t»l. Clay 2.'>.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Pont, pnr. well: tel. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co., 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
;i3CO— I/OT BCxirO, with large cottage of. 6
rocms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2.-.'Vj— Lot 40x115; fine. 2-story house 8 rooms
ar.U bath; near station; must be sold at once;
wortii $4000.
$2SOO— Lot 40x100, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$rr,o— Lot 40x150; Morton St., near Santa
Clara arc ; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
tiOO cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
lot !n all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
I RAND real estate auction sale of several
choke houses nd lots; all i 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda, Oakland and Blmhurst; sale Sat-
urday, Oct. 21, at 2 p. m. D not fall to at-
tend this »nle, as tnoet of the places are to be !
y'A'l by order of the court. Particulars In i
next week's papers. Send for illustrated cata-
logue. Soo advertisement in Chronicle. Sale
at J. A. MUNRO & CO.'S Auction House. 1517
sind 1519 Park st., Alameda.
$1200 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and basement; nil
street work and sidewalk; lot 27%x100. J. 11.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st.
6NAP — New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 60x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from, sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
'.'all. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
TJTnItM States or Canada one year for $1,
ynrtairo Tin Id.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
roomß, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
•table, chicken-houi>e and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
Bly to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley static*? j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot: on the sunny side of street; only 6 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postofflce.
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
(rounds, ran bo had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
_P. O Berkeley.
WE offer a fine, large modern S-roorn house,
entirely new, on paved street, handy to street
cars and local citation, for $3100; the best bar- !
gain In Berkeley. O. O. MAY & CO.. 2123 ,
Center t-t., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS— Lota J125; in Fruitvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale station;
! electric cars, school?, nothing like them; title
perfect. H. B. PINNET, agent, room 9, &05 i
ad way, Oakland.
FOR sale — house of 9 rooms on Frultvale
are. : 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130; horse, surrey and cart and. carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND FIRNITI-RE OH SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. ScheUhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Mark-! St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, 1899. Transfer '<
books will close on THURSDAY, October 26,
IS9'J. at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRTIT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO COUNTY FOR SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
On Wednesday. November 1. 1899, at 11:80
a. m., under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 6,
1899. In a partition suit of the heirs of the late :
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN. in which
CAROLINE STODIEK Ik plaintiff and
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property
'■■,': be sold in one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 267 and the
northerly 67. P9 acres of Swamp Land Survey
N0>.269 of the official surveys of swamp and
overrl^'ed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 173.02 res," being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on
paid land.
Immediately after the sale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm
will be sold.
This farm Is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles j
below Frecport. It has upon it a house <\nd
a good barn, about 50 acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland; appraised In the Superior
I Court of Sacram»nto in the matter of the
estate of said Strothmann, deceased, at $2.- ■
370. Assessed for 1898: Land, $10,000; Improve-
ment =. S2f'oO. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees
i on the farm and iTs non-bearing.
Further Information will be given at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for
referee, Sacramento, anil at the office of the
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTSCH,
Attorneys for heirs, 503 California St.. San
Francisco.
October 17, 1<?9?.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
i PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for '
a Judgment of dissolution Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
! State of California, and having its office and
| place cf business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has 'filed
I a verified application addressed to the Bupe-
] rior Court of the city and county of San :
j Francisco, State of California, praying for
I a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation
i and that MONDAY, November 13. 1899, at 10
I o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. in the City Hall of th»
I city and county of San Francisco, have been
! appointed as the day, time and place for the i
| hearing of cald application. j
In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my
j hand and affixed the official seal of paid Su-
I perior Court this ICth day of October 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rSeal.T
! ' ■
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRAUNWARTH— In this city. October 19, 1899, j
to the wife of Samuel William ISraunwarth,
a son.
j HERTZ— In this city, October IS, 1599, to the
j wife, of Sam Hertz, a son.
■ MANNING— In Chi ago, October 16. 1889, to the
wife of D. J. Manning (nee Gallagher), a
i daughter.
MEYER— Alaineda, October 15, 1599. to the
wife of Louis C. Meyer, a son.
MARRIED.
BATCHELDEB— In this city. Octo-
ber 1, 1899, at the residence of the bride, by
the Rev. William Rader, John Perry Batchel-
der and Lorena Lydia Fisher, both of San
Francisco.
BOUK— SCHILLER— this city, October IS,
1599, by the Rev. William Rader, Charles L.
Bouk of Auburn, Cal., and Mary Schiller of
San Francisco.
GABRIELSON ALDRICH— In this city, Oc-
tober 11, ISM. at the residence of the bride,
by the Rev. William Rader, Arthur F. Ga-
brielson and Edna Aldrich, both of San Fran-
cisco.
RAY— CHAMBERS— this city, October 19.
- 1899, by the Rev. William Rader, Robert G.
Ray and Effle B. Chambers, both of San
Francisco.
SMITH— WHITFORD— In this city, October IS, !
1898, by the Rev. E. A. Woods. D.D.. Fred
M Smith and Fannie Whltford. both of Dutch
Flat. Placer County.
STRINGER— KNIGHT— In Salem. Or.. October i
IS. 18!*. by the Rev. P. S. Knight. William
Arthur Stringer of San Francisco and Wilena
Knight, daughter of the Rev. P. S. Knight of
Salem, Or.
TUPMAN BURKE— In this city, October 10,
ISv.i, by the Rev. William Rader, Thomas P.
Tupman and Bessie W. Burke, both of San
Francisco.
DIED. I
Arnold. Herman J.F. Hoops, John C. I
Alexander, Simon Kenney, Loretta
Ball. John A. Korb, Ethel M.
Borden. Catherine L->-. Hannah
Campbell, V..-rnon Lubbock. William M. ■
Cereghino. Mary J. McGaffagen, Michael
Constantlne, John Meier, Christ
Kneels, Bernard Payne, Herman T.
Field. Mazzie Peterson, Rose
Garretty, John Rlelly. Francis J.
Hannigan, John 6. Robertson, Dr. H. D. ,
Hart. John Yon IJadeln. Peter J.
Hemenway, Sylvester Woodbury, George H. j
Hinsel. Elenore Wooll, John
ALEXANDER— In this city, October 20, 1899,
Blmon Alexander, beloved father of Harry,
James, Hattie and Hue Alexander, a native
of Germany, aged EE years. JGBMP
(T. Krlt-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1562 Webster Btreet, corner of Post,
thence by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock to Hills of Eternity
Cemetery for Interment.
ARNOLD— In this city, October IS, 1899, Her-
man Johan Friedrich Arnold, beloved husband
of Louise Arnold, a native of Bueten an dei
Oder, Germany, aged 50 years 9 months and
22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from ih<» funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BALL— In Oils city, October 19. 1899, John A.
Ball, husband of Cynthia Ball, a native of
New Jersey, aged 67 years.
BORDEN— In this city, October 20. 1899, Cath- i
erine ji rd«n, dearly beloved wife of p. M.
Borden, and mother of Nellie and Edna May
Burden, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
■ years 7 months and 20 days. ;;■
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the undertaking parlors of McGinn Bros.
CAMPBELL— At his residence, 918 Sixteenth
street, Oakland, Vsrnon Campbell, a native
of New Brunswick, aged 44 years 2 months
and 8 flay*.
lyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CEREGHINO— In this city, October IS, 1899,
Mary J. Cereghino, beloved wife of Joseph
Ceroghino, beloved daughter of Ben and Jen-
nie Lund}', sister of Grace, Ben and George
Lundy, and daughter-in-law of Mary Cere-
ghino, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
yean and 1" month.
{r^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 32 ( j>i; Green street, near Kearny. In-
terment Italian Cemetery, San Mate,. County.
HLNRV el. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher), i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Filth Et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, SATURDAY. OCTOBER 21, 1899.
CONSTANTINE— In the City and County Hos-
pital, October 20, 1899, John Constantine, a
native of Greece, aged 67 years.
EXCELS— In this city. October 19, 1899, Ber-
nard Engels, a native of Belgium, aged 37
years.
FIELD— In this city, October 19. 1899, Mazzle,
dearly beloved wife of Albert E. Field, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ellen Doherty, stepdaughter of
Michael Doherty, and sister of Frank Mc-
Laut'hlln and Millie, Nellie, Rosie, Sarah
and Agnes Doherty, a native of CrawTord
County, Kansas, aged 24 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 339 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
j GARRETTY— In this ■ city, October 20, 1599,
i John, relict of Maria Garretty, and father of
Michael and Mary Garretty, a native of
I France, aged 68 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 105 Tllden street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock.. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANNIGAN— In this city. October 19, 1899.
John S., beloved husband of Lucretla L.
Hannigan, father of Eddie H. and Mary E.
Hannlgan, and stepfather of Mrs. Jennie
' Ortion and William A., Clarence and Edith
Bradley, a native of Roxbury. Macs., aged
51 years 9 months and 19 days.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 35 Zoe street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannnn street, near Fourth, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose, of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE members of Branch No. 22. Glass Bottle-
blowers' Association, will assemble at the fu-
neral parlors of H. P. Maass. 917 Mission
street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 8 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of their late brother, John
S. Hanni^an.
HART— In this city. October 15. 1899. John
Hart, a native of Canada, aged 50 years.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HEMENWAY— In Oakland, October 20. 1899,
Sylvester, beloved husband of Eleanor Hem-
enway, and father of Eleanor Hemenway, a
native of Framlngham, Mass., aged SI years
7 months and 2S days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
I to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 513 Frederick street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
HENSEL— In this city, October 20, 1899, Ele-
nore, beloved wife of the late Carl Hensel,
mother of Carl and Fred Hensel, mother-in-
law of Johanna Hensel, and grandmother of
Ida, Bertha, Ellse and Herrman Hensel, a
native of Germany, aged .63 years 10 months
and 14 days. A member of Germania Coun-
cil No. 180, O. C. F.
CC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. Fred Hensel. 2242 Filbert street, be-
tween Fillmore and Steiner. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HOOPS— this city. October 19, 1899. John C,
dearly beloved con of Doris and the late
Frederick J. Hoods, and dearly beloved
brother of Fred and Anna Hoops, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and 21
days. A member of Sequoia Parlor No. 160,
1 N. S. O. W., and San Francisco Turn Vereln.
[CTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1508 Mason street, thence to San Fran-
cisco Turn Verein Hall, Turk street, where
services will be held at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of San Francisco Turn Verein. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KENNEY— In this city, October 19, 1899, Lor-
etta, beloved daughter of Joseph and Cather-
ine Kenney. Bister of Gertrude and Edna
Kenney, and granddaughter of Mrs. H. Mur-
phy and Mrs. T. Kenney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 652 V& Minna street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KORB— In this city, October 20, 1899, from
diphtheria. Ethel M., beloved daughter of W.
C and Mary E. Korb, and sister of William
and Nettie Korb, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 2 months and 30 days.
LEE— In this city, October 20, 1859, Hannah,
beloved wife of Joseph Lee, and mother of
Mrs. Louise E. Donald and Miss Ada Lee, a
'native of England, aged 66 years 10 months
and S days.
LUBBOCK— In Alameda, October 20, 1891 Wil-
liam Martin, father of Dr. C. H. Lubbock,
aged 79 years 10 months and 20 days. (San
Jose' and Texas papers please copy. )
r Frie.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Grand street and Santa Clara
avenue.
McGAFFAGEN— this city, October 13. 1899,
Michael 8., beloved son of Michael and Brid-
get McGaffaeren, and brother of James J.,
Hurhey F. and Mary Ellen McGaffaeen, a
native "of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
5 days.
C.'Trlfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 315 Brannan street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEIER— In this city, October 18, 1899, Christ,
dearly beloved husband of Beta Meier, father
of John, Chris and Tlllie Meier and Mrs. W.
Menges, and brother of Conrad Meier, a na-
tive of LehmEtadt. Hanover, Germany, aged
I ■ years and 9 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Ein-
tracht Hall, Twelfth street, near Folsom,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of the Verein Eintracht commenc-
ing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
PAYNE— In this city, October 20, 1899, Herman
T.. beloved son of Addle and Herman T.
Payne, brother of Violet Payne, and grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. John Penberthy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 months.
PETERSON— In St. Helena. October 16. 1899,
Rose Peterson, beloved Bister of Mrs. Emma
Fehlen. a native of Sweden, aged 35 years.
C^Prier.dF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to I. O. O. F.
Cemetery crematory. .'?iV ; i;
RIELLY— In this city, October 19. 1899, Fran-
cis Jerome, beloved husband of Annie Rielly,
father of Mary. Thomas, William, Charles,
Maggie and Francis Rielly, and brother of
Mrs. John Fannon, Mrs. John Quinn and
John McHueh, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 49 years 11 months and 7 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 15 Rinci place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services at 12:15 o'olock.
Interment St. Mary's Gemtery, Oakland, by
1 o'clock boat, creek route.
AMERICAN Council No. 8, Y. M. 1. --You are
respectfully requested to att»nd the funeral
of our late deceased brother member, Mr.
Francis Jerome Rielly, as per above notice.
By order of the PRESIDENT.
ROBERTSON— In this city, October 19. 1899, Dr.
Henry D.. beloved husband of Helen Robert-
son, father of Frankle Page Robertson, and
stepfather of Carl and John Lehners, a na-
tive of Alabama, aged 43 years.
[CyNotlce of funeral in Sunday morning's
papers.
VOX HADELN— In this city, October 20. 1899.
at his residence, 1601 Powell street, Peter J.
yon Hadeln, son of the late John and Hen-
rietta, and brother of Annie yon Hadeln, a
native of San Francisco. aged 39 years.
[C?*Remalns at the funeral parlors of N.
Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street,- .
WOODBURY— In Sidney, Australia, September
6. 1899, George H., beloved son of George E.
and the late Flora Haines Woodbury, a na- ;
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months '
and 4 days.
Icy The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, at How- j
ard-street M. E. Church, opposite New. Mont-
gomery street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
WOOLL— this city, October 19, 1599, John
Wooll, a native of Hastings, England, born !
1828.
(CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the services to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 |
o'clock, at his late residence, 1312 California \
street. Interment private. Cypress Lawn i
Cemetery. j
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. Kline to Helens Bauer, lot on N
line of Putter street. 22 W of Webster, W 24
by X 75: $10.
David Porter, 5 Harriet and Edward • Gulliver
(by M Nunan, Sheriff) to J. M. Wood, lot
on E line of Fillmore street, 84:6 S of Vallejo,
S 12:6 by E 6; $102.
Same by same to same, lot on E. line of
Fillmore street, 101 S of Vallejo, S 36:6 by E
6; $154.
Same and George W. Qu.'it (by same) to
same, lot on E line of Fillmore street, 27:6 S
of Vallejo S 67 by E 6; $270.
Robert McKinley to Mary Payran, lot on W
line of Spear street. 22:11 by 137:6, being the S
halt of original water lot 757 (quitclaim deed);
$1.
Estate Rebecca Dow (by E. S. Sheffield and
F. D. Palmatepr, executors) to G. W. Kline
lot on E line of Howard street, 207:6 S of Six
teenth, S 62:6, thence £2:6, >.' 62:6 W to be
ginning; $6600.
Samuel L. and Frances Leszynsky to Emma
Roberts, lot on N line of Twenty-second
street, 75 W of Sanchez, W 25 by X 101:6; $1750.
Eliza. Wideman (by Murray F. Vandal 1,
commissioner) to German Strings and Loan
Society, lot on E line of Bryant street 182
S of Twenty-third. S 26 by S 100; $2444.
Mary Rodgers to James S. Rodgers. lot on
S line of Twenty-third street, 141:6 E of How
ard, E JI:C by S 100; gift.
Conrad V. and Amanda M. 31. Rlessto Wil
liam Curtin, lot on N line of Jersey street,
106:3 W Of Diamond, W 28 by N 114; $10.
Estate Andrew Henebery (by John E. Cottle,
executor) to Frederick F. . Coffin, lot on W
line of Dale place,. 117:6 8 of Golden . Gate
avenue, S 20 by XV 60; $3730.
Real Estate and Development Company, to
Robert Donaldson, lot on E line of Wisconsin
street, 150 9 of Twenty-second (Sierra), S 25
by E 100; grant. - ■■■■■■. r -'
MORE BIG SALES OF REALTY.
THE realty market continues to show
signs of Improvement and the brokers
nre sanguine that the coming winter
will prove the moat prosperous they
have experienced for a long time. During
the past week considerable has been
i. ai:, ...eied and seme deals of large pro
portions have been brought to a success
ful consummation.
I. S. Van Winkle & Co. are reported to
have sold two lots owned by them on
Beale street, between Market and Mis
sion, 91:8x137:6, for $hO,OOO. the name of
the buyer and other details of the trans
action are not at present obtainable. There
has been considerable inquiry for prop
erty in that vicinity for some time past,
and negotiations for other holdings in the
neighborhood are even now pending, all
of which points to the accuracy of the
report of the Van Winkle sale.
John F. Boyd has purchased of W. E.
Dean the property on the west line of
Third street, 23 feet south of Howard,
consisting of a lot GOxTo feet and a tine
five-story frame building, occupied as a
lodging-house and by stores. The price
pakl was $60,000, and the sale was nego
tiated by Benjamin M. tiuiin & Co.
It now appears that Arthur Rodgers, who
recently olfered 172,600 for the property
belonging to the Simpson estate, on the
northeast corner of Post and Stockton
streets, which is awaiting the approval
of the heirs and confirmation by the Pro
bate Court, is also the purchaser of the
Ehrmann property on the southwest cor
ner of Fourth and Mission streets, for
which $70,750 was paid and the sale of
which was published in The Call two
weeks
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale made through G. EL Urabsen & Co.
of the property owned by the Sutro estate
on the northwest corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets. The lot fronts 242:6 feet
on Hayes street andlJ2:6 feet on Fill
more, the depth of the lot on Hayes street
100 feet west of Fillmore being 137:6 feet.
There is a large old-fashioned house on
the lot. The price paid was $26,000 and the
purchaser is Thomas E. Ryan.
Irvins M. Scott is credited with being
the purchaser of the two fifty-vara lots
in the Dr. McLean block on the north line
of Pacific avenue, 337:6 feet west of De
vlsadero street, 137:0x265. The price paid
was $60,000 and it is said Mr. Scott in
tends erecting a residence for himself
thereon.
Joseph A. Donohoe Jr. has purchased
of Mrs. Ilattie P. Houston the property
on the north side of Broadway, 6s :9 feet
east of Fillmore street, running through
to Vallejo. The property consists of two
lots, one 34:4%x187:6, fronting on Broad
way, and a lot in the rc-ar of this 20:llx
137:6, fronting on Vallejo street. The price
paid was $19,500, and Includes a residence
on the Broa Lway frontage. The sale was
negotiated by Thomas Magee &. Sons.
It is understood that Mr. Donohoe In
to move the dwelling to the Vallejo
street lot and erect a residence for him
self on the Broadway frontage. A few
weeks ago he sold his residence property
on Broadway, near Buchanan street, to
James Flood for something like $80,000.
James W. Henderson, the Humboldt
County banker, has purchased of B. and
R. Levy the lot on the n-irih line of Mor
ton place, 183:4 feet east of Morton place,
22:11x60 feet, for $4500. Mr. Henderson
will erect a live-story building for manu
facturing purposes on the site.
The McCarthy residence, on Broadway
and Stelner street, is nearly roofed. The
work on this building is being done al
most entirely by day labor.
L. M. Ryland is making arrangements
for the <T' ition of three-story flat build
ings, to cost $75,000, on his property at the
southwest corner of Polk and McAllister
streets.
Frank B. Morton has purchased of R.
D. and A. S. Frey the property on the
northwest corner of Webster and Va
llejo streets, lot 60x137:6, on private terms.
Adam Barthol has bought of the estate
of Otto Fauss the property on the east
line ol Bcol reet, 97:6 foot south of
Halght, lot 27:6x68:9, for $7486.
In E. Knickerbocker has purchased
the lot on the east line of Van Ness ave
nue, 75 feel north of < >reen street, 25x125,
and will creel a line residence thereon.
David Magner has purchased the prop
erty on the east line of Leavenworth
street, 65:9 fret south of Sacramento, lot
22:11x80 feet, for $:;275.
Henry i. Sonntag is having plans pre
pared for a two-story flat and store
building of brick and terra cotta. which
he contemplates erecting on the south
side of Golden (late avenue. 40 feet west
of Dale place.
Yon Rhfin & Co.'s next public auction
will take place on November 16. The cata
logue will include a number of pieces of
property to be disposed of by. order of
referees and the Probate Court, in addi
tion to the usual civil list.
The loans of the city savings banks,
bulldinir associations and private capital
ists upon local real estate for the week
ending October 14 amounted to $887,900,
aeainst $197,74)6 for the previous week. The
savings banks loaned a total of $2f
as follows: Hlbernia, $223,995; German,
$17,750; San Francisco Savings Union,
$2450; Humboldt, $3400; Security, $4000;
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs R H Van Schaak, W H Hanson. Cal
Chicago Mr? W II Hanson, Cal
Mis I.ibby, Chicago L J Frank, Redwood
Mrs W F Burrows, Mrs £ J Frank. Cal
Chicago H Bradstreet, Boston
M Warner, Minn F Turton, N Zealand
Mrs M Warner. Minn W P Howe, Term
S F Graham. 8 Jose R Garland. Toronto
i J S Bartholomew, Cal H Judkins, England
; J L Shepherd. L Ang H Zander, N Ztealand
Mrs J L Shepherd. Los Mrs H Ztinder. N Z
Ang w A Hood. N zfealand
C P Braslan, R Jose C Craemir. Germany
FII Colter. Denver ' D E Jenthe, Germany
F C I/t-wis, Visalia IE W Churchill, Napa
W B Gray, St Paul Mrs Churchill, Napa
C M nilf, Wisconsin Dr P H Farrell, Cal
C H Unverzagt, Md Mrs 0 H Farrell, Cal
Mrs 0 H Unverzagt, W G Farrell. Cal
Maryland ■ Miss II G Farrell.. Cal
G7J Zimmerman, Pa H J Louis. N V '
Mrs G 7) Zimmerman, C L Wilson. Antloch
Pa G I, Seward. Stanford
! J Scott. Scotland W J Wiley. Cal
W S Ferguson, Scotld P Brown. S Rafael
! R I) Jackson. Reno Mrs P Brown, Cal
F A Daronx, Sacro ; W B Finn, San Jose
i F E Thebuath, Cal Mrs W B Finn. Cal
!J R Purvis, Modesto B Menzenhelmer, N T
; W Martin. Cal- S D Hardy. Stanford
W W Beale, U S V 1' H Warlswoith, Cal
! A R Brayton Jr. ''ink W J Whitmore, Cal
j E O Vinzent, Oakland E Fogg. Stanford
1 A Metzger. Cal iF Fogg. Stanford
J Mrs H Krutz. Seattle Mrs L S. Kennedy. Cal
Miss Krutz, Seattle IE Foster, Stanford
G Bevan, England Q Foster, Stanford
R G Elphensted. Eng. F O Carmack, St Lout
F J Henry, B C :Dr J Rocher. Hawthrn
F W Bullock, Chgo M Williams, Hawthrn
 E T Wallace. Yrek'a M Finlen. Montana-
W H McLymont. Cal A Christian, Montana
H P Nye, S Diego ES Drisko, Mass
' C W Peck. Chicago C R Mills. Mass
E B Jordan Jr. Hanfd F H Brown, Mass ■
Mrs P. B Jordan Jr, G M Downey, USA
Hanford Mrs Landstreet, USA
M J Collins, Chicago Mrs Downey, Cal
P F Gallegan, Chgo Miss Davis, Cal ■-'"'. : '
L M Blnford, Sacto I. B Robinson, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
B W Musser, Utah Mrs H G Martin. Cal
Mrs J H Williams & I, jE R Smith, Los Ang
Spokane E E Dunbar, Oregon
Mrs J S Montgomery, H R Burt, Texas
Ferndale B Z.adek. Texas
Mrs W Ettcr, Ferndal F M Cook, Cal
Mrs M A Aggeler, Cal ! E.Forrester, Cat
Miss M Sproule, Cal E J Griswold, N V
Miss M Logan. Ctl Geo Farren. NY
Miss G Logan. Cal 18 Butler. Nevada City
A Davis, Boston Adele Francis. N V
J a Helling*. NT DP Hickey, San Diego
R D Badger, Pasadena j Balfour & w Cal •
A Constans, Nelson P T Wood & w Tulare
W A Mclntosh. B C W W Black. Holllster
J Brosnahan, Spokane C A Morrill. Suisun
W E Hall, Chicago : Mrs E J Ptoddard. L A
L B Nutting & w, H I Miss E E Ptoddart, Cal
Mrs L H Hoggs, Napa J B GUdcrsleave, Cal
Miss B Boggs. Napa 13 Gildersleave. Cal
Dr O II Dogge & f, .1 F Smith, Chico
rutie City M Evans, San Jose
W C Price, Cal C L Wilson, Antioch
Mrs W C Price & eh, A Hampel. Nevada
Cal 'i M Ilendry, Cal
Mrs L P Quackenbueb, C II Donforth. Wash
Portland Miss C Watklns, Sacto
Mrs D Harmson. Cal Mrs L L Weiler Cal
Mrs H A Smith, Red J E Manlove, Sacto
Wing jW JHalden, Sonora
W H Davis.. Alaska M C Roth, Cal
C M Otis. Watertown H Essinger, N M
B Rosenfeld, Ca.l G W Towle Towle
B P Espey, Tiffin. O E A Moody." Gold Run
C B Shaver, Fresno G F Reynolds & w, •
M L Starin, Los Ang Ogden
A Latch, Mexico 'Miss E Ferguson. Cal
F Llddfk. Centervllle I A C Gates V S'N
B E Haley. Cal | '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C B Hopkins, Sn Diego E Tomer, Hanford
B Stein &w, Oakdale S Cavett, Chicago
H Diner, Chicago J J Allen, Chicago
F P Steele, Redding C Nelson, Wisconsin
J H Hawley, Sn Diego A D Johnson NY
Mrs D W Harding, Cal G Doveton N Zealand
E J Elliott. Sacto H p Jones' N Zealand
,F M Crawford, Fresno A E Meldrum, N Zeal
A Dickinson, Martinez C T Gow, Hawaii
C Thamer, Ft Bragg W Rawes N Zealand
C J Morrow. New York L A Sheridan N Zeal
O S White.. Sacto 111 W Brill Mich
E E Southwick. Nlles D E Young Detroit
F D Nectal, Niles Miss Neville, N Zeal
J M Tyson. Stockton Mrs Mathews N Zeal
J Pile. San Jose A McKenzle, Sn Jose
H E Sterrey, Seattle : C McKenzle, Bn Jose
W B Colby. Clarksbrg T Baruchl, Vallejo
Mrs Kindrick, Seattle Miss L Baruchi ValleJ
, F Sweet, Hanford Miss M Baruclil Vallej
i Mutual, $22,700; and French. $6700. The
' loans of the building associations amount
ed to $21,550, and those of private capital
; lets and others to $85,355. The- greater
portion of the money loaned during the
week was at 6 to 6Vi per cent. The loans
iby th? Hibernia Savings were all at 6
j per cent and embraced one of $62,000. one
of $34,000, one of $20,000, two of $12,000 each
and one of $11,000. The loans by the Mu
tual Savings were at 6 per cent. 8. G.
■ Murphy made a loan of $40,000. There was
a private loan of $12,000 at 6\i per cent.
i Releases for the week were $203,100,
; against $366,756 for the previous week.
Fifteen building contracts were filed for
| record during the week, aggregating in
; value $183,851. The largest were the con
i tracts of Louis Sloss Jr., amounting to
1 $63,003. with Gray Bros., Thomas Buller,
i Rocklin Granite Company and McGilivray
Stone Company for work, materials, etc.,
' for a warehouse on the south corner of
Mission and Fremont streets. The next
largest was that af the Crocker Estate
Company with the Dieboid Safe and Lock
j Company for vaults, safes, etc., to cost
■ $53,000 for the Crocker building at Market,
i Post and Montgomery streets. The Crock
! er Estate Company also let a contract to
I John Barnett and James E. Britt for $13,
--000, for work upon the new building on the
northwest corner of Post and Gardiner
< streets. Laura M. Taylor contracted with
Weismann & Whittle, G. C. Sweeney and
Gray Brothere for work to cost $26,018 on
a three-story frame building on the north
line of "Washington street, sixty feet east
!of Polk street. The Santa Fe Terminal
i Company awarded a contract to the Buck
! man Contracting Company for excava
tions in block at Main and Mission
streets, for $6000. John D. Spreckels con
tracted with the California Electrical
; Works for wiring for electric lights, bells
• and telephones, to cost $5444, for the for
i mer's new residence on the northeast cor
j ncr of Pacific avenue and Laguna street.
i The other contracts of the week ranged
i in value from $1800 to $4184.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Dnomea S Co.. BSM, 39
Water Stocks — il'aauhau S Co. — 36
Contra Costa.. — 65% Miscellaneous —
X.avin Coun:y. 50 — Al Pao A55n..117%118i4
Erring Valley. lol — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
<Jas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 86V4 S7
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pae A F A.... i£ —
Or.t L & P... m — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Equit G L Co.. 4»i 6>i Par Paint Co. £% —
Morning Session.
Board—
2 Bank of California „ 395 00
160 Equitable Gas 5 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 25
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association .117 75
10 Giant Powder Con S4 50
5 Giant Powder Con S4 23
SS Giant Powder Con _.. 84 00
2f> Giant Powder Can S3 75
55 Giant Powder Con S3 50
2",0 Hana Plantation Co s SO 13 50
5 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 95 25
43 Hawaiian Cvm 1 1 & Sugar 96 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 29 00
10 Hutc-hlnson S P Co 29 12%
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 12Va
100 Onomea Sugar Co 88 50
10 S F Gas & Elertrlo Co 61 25
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 50
|WCO S F & S J V bonds 110 37^
$2COO S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
Street—
200 Honokaa Sugar Co 84 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
-70 Giant Powder Con — . S3 00
50 Giant Powder Con 84 87' i
2-. Giant Powder Con 84 75
SO Hana Plantation Co 12 S7>4
25 Hana Plantation Co 12 73
50 Honokaa Pu^nr Co „ 34 50
60 Makaweli Sugar Co 40 25
10 Onomea Sugar Co 38 87%
20 S F Gas & Electric CO 87^
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SO Contra Costa Water 68 50
20 Giant Powdfr Con S4 75
25 Giant Powder Con >i SO
20 Giant Powder Con -
10 Giant Powder Con 84 50
105 Equitable Gas 5 00
100 Equitable Gas 87%
15 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 23
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 no
10 Spring Valley Water 101 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder 2 75
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sal<*s in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 03: 200 Ophir S5
3'ii"> Best & Belcher. 3:! 2<h» Overman is
TOO Con Caf& Va..l 7E 300 Potosl 45
2<v> Gould & Curry- 35 400 Yellow Jacket.. 27
203 Justice 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 19 300 Ophir 79
(00 Best & Belcher. 31 100 Ophir 77
100 Caledonia 69 400 Overman M
M 0 Challenge 2:> 400 Overman is
SOY) Chollar 30 inn Sierra Nevada., hi
200 Con Cal & Va..l 63 400 Sierra Nevada.. S6
800 Gould & Curry. 31 200 Union Con 32
100 Hale & Norcrs. 37 100 Yellow Jacket.. 25
EQO Mexican 2E
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alta 03 : 2<» Occidental 16
800 Best & Belcher. 3". 300 Ophir S2
200 Best & Belcher. 34! 400 Ophir 81
200 Caledonia 69| 500 Potosl 44
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 £00 Potosi n
950 Con Cal & Va..l SO 201 Sierra Nevada.. 61
200 Gould & Curry. 33 300 Utah 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 10, 300 Crown Point... 13
SOO Andes 09] 500 Mexican 27
800 Best & Belcher. 30 400 Ophir 78
100 Caledonia 60 200 Overman 17
300 Chollar 81! NO Ravage 19
300 Chollar 30 ; f.OO Seg Belcher 02
300 Con Cal & Va..l 65, 200 Union Con 32
100 Con Cal & V..1 62V4'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, October 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck — 04
Alta 03 04 Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 09 10 Mexican 24 2."
gelcfier 17 ISOccidental 15 —
J3e?t & Belcher. 29 30 Ophir 76 77
Bullion 03 04 Overman 17 18
Caledonia TO 52 Potosl 39 40
Chollar H 80 Savage 17 19
Challenge Con. 24 26 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 70 Seg Belcher 02 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1«5 Pierra Nevada.. 53 95
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 12 13 Standard —3 05
Exchequer — 02 St Louis — PC
Gould & Curry. 30 31:Syndlcate — 06
Hale & Norcrs. 85 37:Unlon Con 31 32
Julia — 03;t!tah 10 U
Justice 03 04 Yellow Jacket.. 24 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In :he order of occurrence as to time. The
pocond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounc.ngs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the' height,
nr.d then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference I? the mean tft the lower low wuers.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence*
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 20.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen, 22 hours from
Albion.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, 23 days from Sydney,
via Honolulu 7 day?.
CLEARED.
Friday, October 20.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Gondall, Porkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tollus, Pedereen, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons.
SAILED.
Friday, October 20.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Coos Bay.
Schr N»ttie> Sundborg, Nelson. Siuslaw River.
Schr Fortuna, Lulhtk, Eureka.
TKLEORAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 20, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 18.
Bar bound Oct 20— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
NEW WHATCOM— PaIIed Oct 20— Schr Ma
weeman, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Annie M
Camjibell, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 20— Stmrs Washtenaw and South
Portland, for San Francisco.
SAX DIEGO-Sailed Oct 20— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Patiofl Oct 20— Schr Meteor, for
Port Gamble: schr William Renton. for Taco
ma; stmr Brunswick, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 2"— Schr Lizzie Vance, from Eu
reka; bark Oakland, from Everett.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oot 20— Stmr Aberdeen, hence Oct 17.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Oct
IS — Ship Ersklne M Phelps, from Honolulu; or
dered to New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KINSALE— Passed Oct 19— Br ship Sierra Ne
vada, hence June 7, for Queenstown.
<•< )I>)N— Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 17— Br stmr City of
Dublin, for Tacoma,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 20— Br ship
Sif-rra Nevada, hence June 7; Br ship Pyrenees,
hence June a.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct B— Br stmr Gaelic.
from Yokohama. Oct 9 — Br stmr Glenogle, hnc
Oct 1, for Manila. Oct 10— Stmr Charles Nelson,
hence Oct 1, for Manila; schr Jennie Wand,
from Seattle; brig W G Irwin, hence Sept 24.
Oct 12— Stmr Mariposa, hence Oct 5. for Syd
ney; Jap Mmr Toyo Maru, from Yokohama;
stmr City of Para, hence Oct a, for Manila;
stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, hence frr-m Port
land, Or, for Manila; stmr EKhu Thomsen,
from Seattle; ftmr Zealandla, hence <><-t f>, for
Manila. Hot 13— Br stmr Moana. from Sydney;
bark Edward May, hen<-e S«]'t 2-.
Sailed Oct S— Bktn Omega, for Port Town
send; schr Oiga, for Port Townsend. Oct 10—
V S stmr Sheridan, for Manila; bark Annie
Johnson, for San Francisco; schr Wlnalow, for
Port Townsend; sehr J B Leeds, for Eureka.
Oct 12— Stmr Mariposa, for Sydney; Br stmr
GlenogJe, for Manila; bktn S G Wilder, for San
Francisco.
Oct 18, at 5 p m — Jap stmr Hongkong- Maru,
off Barbers Point, bound In from Yokohama
and Hongkong.
MAHUK.ONA— SaiIed Oct *— Brig Consuelo,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 4 — Pchr Emma Claudina. from
Tacoma. Oct 7— Schr Allen A. from Eureka.
In port — Bark Amy Turner, schr Emma Clau
dina, schr Allen A, Haw bark Roderick Dim,
schr Nokomls.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Augr 2— Br ship
Klneu'lbrightshlre, for Oregon. Aug 2^— Bktn
Mary Winkelman, for Honolulu; bark .Tames
Nesmith, for San Frar.ei.'co; Br bark Inversld,
for San Francisco; Br bark East Indian, for
San Francisco. Sect S— Ship Great Admiral,
for Honolulu. Sept 10— Br ship Metropolis, for
San Francisco. Sent 12— Br ship Errol, for
Honolulu; Br bark Woolara, for Honolulu.
Sept IS— Br bark Dominion, for Honolulu; Br
ship Montgomeryshire, for San Francisco. Sept
19— Br stmr Port Stephens, for Seattle. Se-pt
25— Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu.
Sept 26— Bktn Newsboy, for Kahulul.
In port Sept 27— Br bark Cadigan Castle, for
Honolulu; Fr bark Noeml, for San Francisco;
Haw ship Star of France, for Honolulu.
Chartered to load at Newcastle, NSW— Ship
Eclipse, for Honolulu; Br ship Clan Graham,
for San Francisco; schr Oceania Vance, for
Honolulu; Ger ship Fchwarzenbek. for San
Francisco: bark Semino'.e. for Honolulu: Br
bark Adderty, for Honolulu; bark Alex McNeil, j
for Son Frnnclsoo; Br ship Aus»tlrtes, for San I
Francisco; Br ship Celtic Monarch, for S,an j
Francisco: Br bark City of Adelaide, for Hono- I
lulu; Br ship Gen Gordon, for San Francisco;
schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu; bark Haydn
Brown, for Honolulu: Br bark Hv-len Denny.
for Honolulu; schr Honolpu, for Honolulu; Br
bark Invernes-Shlre, for Honolulu; bktn Jane
L Stanford, f>>r Honolulu; ship John C Potter,
for Honolulu; Haw ship John Ena, for San
Francisco: bktn Omep. for Honolulu: bark
Oregon, for Honolulu and San Francisco; bktn i
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu; bark Snow & j
Burgees, for San Francisco; Nor hark Sol- !
veig. for Honolulu; Chi! ship Star of Fengral, I
for San Francisco: Chll ship Star of Italy, for |
Honolulu and San Francisco; Haw ship Star of j
Russia, for Honolulu and San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Canada, j
from Boston: stmr Catalonia, from Boston;
stmr Pennland, from Philadelphia.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Graf j
Waldersee. from New York, via Plymouth.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Wlneland.
from Copenhagen.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr New Eng- i
land, from Liverpool- |
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rio. Grande railways in connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco dally at 8
a. m. .■ . . '
Through Double Drawing-Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For ' Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
W. H. SNEDAKER. General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 scenic RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco : via Bausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1899 *
WEEK DAYS— B:3O a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THO3. COOK & SON. Asts.. 021 Market St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flett&SA*^^ «T- Established
STiljKß"' 183 * r the treatment of Private
HL^-JBBf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
|dseaaewearinronbodyandmtndand
<VBJ ;■» Skin Diseases. T doctor cureswhen
OHnHtH others fall. Try him. Charges low
i7 a^ f T IBi A, n .r£'lF milt *' ' d - Callorwrite.
»'••>•*• WIBBQIT. Box 1957.5 an Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. __ __
SOUTIIffUIN PAVnriC lOMPAST.
■ (PACIFIC SYSTEM.) . :'.; >\;
Train* lei»Te mid nr« Uho to airi?c at
SAN FKANtIIWC'O.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
weave . — FjtOJt October 15, 1839. — AKKIVB
' »T:OOa. Bonicia, Suison and Sacramento. . . . *7:45p
•7:OOa MaryßTille, Oroville via Woodland,
Elmtra, Vacaville and Rumsey.... # 7x43r
:O»a Shasta - EipresS— Davis. Willows,
Bed Bluff, Portland.. «7:45p
•7:30 a. Martiii(>7. Hi\n ßamon, Vallejo, Napa, - ;,<
Caliatrg^, and Santa Rosa *oil3p
•8j«0a The Overland • Limited—
Omaha, Chicago # »itBp
•S:!iOA San Jobs," Lirennore, - Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placenrille,
MarjSTillo, Chlco, ltedJJluir H:!. I **
•StaOA •Miltoa, Oakdaloand .^onora •4:lf}^
•0:00 a Haywards, iJiles and Way Stations. # 1 Is43a
•0:00 a Atlantic Impress— Ogden and East # I>:4Ba
•9:00 a Martincr, Tracy, J.atUrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno «ia:lsp
•OiOOa Krcr.no, ISakeralieM, .Santa Kirlmra,
Los Atig'.'.eß. Doming. El Paso,
'■'•■•* New Orleans and Fast, .".... 6j43f
•IO:OOa Vuliejo, Martinez and Way Stations *"SilXt
•11:OOa Hajvfardß, Nilea and Way Stations. •2:J."iF
>12:OO3i Kilcs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mondota, Hauford, Visalia,
PcrterTilla M: 1
fl:OOp Sacramento liivcrSteamcrH +»:(»Op
•3:00p Hazards, Kilos and Way Stations. *5:45p
*4toor lUartiiioK, Bau [Union, Vallejo,
Nairn, Uatlßtopt, Santa Kosa •»tlO4
•4«WOp licuici», Vacaville,. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Maryevillc, Ororllle •! 0:43 a
•»:3Op>!iloJ, Ban Joso and Stockton .'. *7:13p
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Fresno,
lSakersficld, Bangus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los A'jfv! -a # 0:43 a
•5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno # 12:13p
*3:!IOp Martinez, Tracy, Mondota, Fresno,
Mojr.vo and f.os Angeles # 8:13 a
•3s3Op Santa F.o RoHto— Atlantic Kipress.
' " for MoJ:ivo and Knst *6«45p
•C:OOp Havv.-Hr!.-!, ffilea and Ban Jose ■ *7:4<>a
to:3oi- V al!cjo «12:15p
•O<S»r Oriental Mall— < and East »S:sOp
J7:OOi- Vallojo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:3sp
•8:«3r Orcgosi and California l>xi>rci*,Hac-. . ", ; ;>
iiunenti), Marj/itillo, Ktililing,
' ' rorUiin.l. Pi;;.-t. S.hiihl hud Kant *W:l3>i.
(OAST DIVISION (NurroiT (^iiige).
(Foot ct Market Street.) .
•S:l3AKowark,Ccnti;r7illc,! : jau.)oße,l i 'cltOQ, ■
BonldcrCrcek.BaistaCnizandWaj
Stations »5:50p
fB>lSp Newark, Contervillo, San Jose, New --.-
Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rincipal Way ■'.
Stations..... fl O:IJO a
•l:13p Newark, San Jose, Lop Gatos *Oi2Oa
(ll:15p Iliratera' Excursion, San Jose and - '.'■'■
Way Stations 17igQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroraS&K FRiHCISCO— Foot of MorUet Street (Slip 8) —
- •7:15 9:00 ll:004.M. 11:03 *2:00 13:00
♦1:00 45:00 *6:ooi'.n.
FromCiSUND— Foct orßroadnnT.— *G:oo . 8:00 10:00 a.m.
t12:03 "1:00 12:03 *3:00 14:00 «5;00f.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uauge).
(Third mid Townsend Sts.) . , -
fO:IOA Ocean Viav/, South Han Francisco.. f0:80p
•7:OOa San Jose and Wny .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •l:80»
•9iOOa B.in Jose, Trcß I'inos, Huuta Cni«,
l'acilic Grove, l'aao Rubles, Han
Luis uliispo. Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations ...I «4ilOp
•lOiIOa San Jose and Way Stations •«:25a
•I1:«Oa San Joso and Way Stations # 8»8Op
tat4spfian Mateo, Bedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joee,
Ties Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Taclflc Grove tlOsBOA
♦Utaop San Jose and Way .Stations *7i3«p
•f l:IIip San .Toco ami Principal Way Stations *»:-I3a
i3:o«>p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 10:004
*5:30p San Jose and Principal Wuy. Stations *8:«1.1a
•C::iOp San Joss and Way Stations tS:O«A
Hl:4sp San Jobb and "Way 5tati0n5......... *7:aop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
h Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Cft
LiHISSEJH]
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot o! Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. i:3O, 3:30
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:30, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:26 p. m.
Between ' San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15, ■
Week , Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:03 pm 10:5 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami (Hopland and
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:25 pm 6:22 pm
7:SO am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm .
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am' 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm 1 Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: .at Geyserville for Skagg3
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KVlseyvlllP, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Eooneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little Rivar,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
; duced rates.
On Sunday!) round trip tickets to all points
] beyond San Rafael at half, rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
! Iff/ j^**- IJI V" laensa
llj |tJOSZHCEUfi» YPHOENIB
j y*(^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
** THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT. V .
EVERY DAY THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET :
FERRY AX 5.80 P M. -
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IX i
KVERY DETAIL. .
Read Down. - VALLEY ROAD. Bead Up.
•7:20 am |10:I0 am Stockton 13:40 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am } 2:06 cm Merced 112:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am | B:tt pm, Freaao «:00 am 2:43 pro
11:18 am 7:45 pm Hanford f7:00 am 1:45 pm
t:25 pm 1 112:30 am Bakerafield 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami t«:26 pm Visaila 15:20 am 1:23 pm
12:15 pm! t6:53 pm Tulara 54:25 am|*l:os pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 623 Market »t-j
Tel. Main 1611. I
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway. ;;, • ;
Sacramento Office, 201 J st. ' '"":
San Jos« Office. 7 West Santa Clara it. ■
; NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD 7
Via Saasallto Ferry. '
Commencing October 1, 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO -MILL. VAI.LBX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. '9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:46.
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. in.
i SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10:00, 11:30 a. m.; *l:}&,
| 8:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
1 Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:45, »9:40 a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15. »3:40, *5:15 p. m. m
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. .
: SUNDAYS— »8:00. . »10:00, »11:45 a. • m.;
1:40. »3:15. 4:45. '6:30 p. m.
i Trains marked (*) start from San Quentfn.
I FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 8:45, 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:35, 2:35. 5:45, 5:20 p. m. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:16. 1:30,
|:CO. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. :v
9:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— and .-'ay station*.
•;00 a, m. Sundays— Tomatea and way - utatlooa.
1314
BOLD ATTEMPT
TO "HOLD UP"
GEORGE CRIM
Meets a Footpad in
Back Yard.
ORDERED TO THROW UP HANDS
BURGLAR WAS MASKED AND
CARRIED A PISTOL.
The Capitalist Discreetly Turns to
Run and His Assailant Im
mediately Disappears in
the Darkness.
♦
A daring- attempt was made on Thurs
nlght to hold up George '"rim. the
inilli ■ ' was re
. I ■
It was only Mr. Crim's ; I mind
that m being robbed and
probably : very threshold
by a ■;
It I >m that Mr < 'rim leaves
but last Thurs
: ■■ walked over
to th< ier of
i.- a prom
-
He returned home
.v way
el to save
as the street
lamps ha\ • L for the past
no was pro
isly he was suddenly
isked man, who presented
tol at In the sume time
up your hai Is, and bo quick
it.''
Mr i being Intimidated
the band ■■•
. in and turned to run. Ho cried
vie timr, and the
: • .;hi>ors to their
- ..i the surprised footpad quick
red in the darkness.
Mr. Crin ment
which naturally resulted, was none
ter. ! [is only regret j
with the
pturo him, for
allant was
have i
t.ikt-;. him. Mr. Orlm was
f the
the prevailing
had taken
tiie precaution to wear a mask.
JOHN L DUNNE LOVED
UNWISELY AND TOO WELL
MRS. QUIMBY'S ADORER IN A
DUNGEON" KEEP.
Judge Conlan Stops His Ardent Woo
ing by Sending Him to Jail for
a Term of Six Months.
John L. Dunne, a bottler by occupation,
40 years of agr\ must pass the next six
months In prison or give bonds to keep
the peace In the sum of $500. This is the
ultimatum of Judge Conlan. expressed
yesterday morning, when Dunnes case
c.irn» up before him for final trial.
Dunne was arrested on the 12th of this
month on a complaint sworn out by Mrs.
Josie Quimby, a dressmaker, who until a
lew days ago lived at 111 Clement ave
nue. .Mrs. Uuimby claimed that Dunne
c;imo u> her house armed with a revolver
and threatened to take her life unless she
married him. Fearing that he would put
th« threat into effect, she swore out the
■wuxrant which • suited In his am
The case cam-2 up for a final hearing
yesterday morning-, and now Duo wisi~.es
he hadn't shown such a desire for mat
rim. >nial entanglements. Six months are
his portion; or bonds for $500 to keep the
peace. Dunne denits all the charges
brought agrainst him. He says he never
felt matrimonially inclined when in the
presence of Mrs. Quimby, especially as he
knew she was mar:. The reason he
called on her, according to bis declara
tions, was to secure a dress which she
v.'as making for his niece.
public reception to the Twen
it ~.-\ ■' hanks' Pavilion n--xt
r 24. Music by U. S.
I ivvk Band and Twentieth Kaji
tand. Tickets Sherman
•
THE FERRY MURDER.
Manuel Mcßride Charged by a Coro-
ner's Jury With the Killing of
Vincent Burch.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
upon the body of Vincent Burch, the
TVititf-r, who was stabbed and killed last
Wednesday night on board the ferry boat 1
Bausalito by ilanuel Mcßrlde, the cook. \
John Nell, proprietor of the restaurant 011 j
the at, testified to the quarrelsome dis- ,
position of M. Bride when under the in
iiu'-nco of liquor. On one occasion recent
ly Moßride closed the restaurant, alleg
ing as a reason for doing so that he had
been accused of stealing some of the re
ceipts. Mrs. Alice Athron, sister of tho
•witness, heard the men quarreling be
cause Burch had supplied a customer
•with weak coffee and Burch threatened to
throw Mcßride on top of the range. The
men came together in a scuffle and t!v
deceased was stabbed, but she did r.ot
Bee the stabbing.
Miss Nellie Athron swore that she never
kept company with either the prisoner or
the deceased. The prisoner had told some
of the witnesses that Burch had accused
him of being intimate with tho girl, who
is only 15 years old.
The Jury returaod a verdict accusing
Mnnucl Mcßride of the murder of the'
deceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3<rom $//rs. Vaughn
to Tfrs* fPinkham*
I , 1
[LITTER TO MRS. ri.NKHAU NO. 64,587]
" Dear Feiskd — Two years ago I had
child- fever and womb trouble in
its worse form. For eight months after
birth of babe I was not able to Bit up.
Doctor.- treated me, but with no help.
I had bearing-down pains,. burning in
Stomach, kidney and bladder trouble
end my back was so stiff and sore, the
right ovary was bad affected and
everything I ate distressed me, and
there was a bad discharge.
I v. as confined to my bed when 1
wrote? to you for advice and followed
your directions faithfully, taking
Lydin. E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, Liver Mils and using the Wash,
and am now able to do the most of my
house v/ork. I boliovo I should have
died if it had not been for your Com-
pound. I hope this lotter may be the
result of Iwnoflttingf some other suffer-
ing woman. I recommend your Com-
pound »r> every one."— Mns. Maky
yjufoiar, Taiiasua, PUI.ABKI Co., Bti*.
Many of theso side women whose
letters we print wero utterly dis-
couraged and life was a burden to
them when they wrote to Lynn, Mass.,
to Mrs. Piukhaw, and without charge
of any kind received advice that made
them stronff, useful women again.
WOULD BE TAHITI'S QUEEN
IF ROYALTY STILL RULED
PAULINE DROLLET, THE PRINCESS TETANUINUI.
\ \ IBS PAULINE DROLIjET of Tahiti was one of the passengers on the
A \ barkentlne City of Papeete, which arrived last Wednesday from the
/M Smith Beas. Miss Drollet is no ordinary person. In Papeete, her home,
the young woman is known as Princess Tetanuinui. She Is a direct de
scendant of the former King of the Islands, and would have been elevated to
the throne had not the French Government decreed that royalty should no
longer play at ruling over their subjects In the South Seas, And so the Prin
cess became plain Pauline Drollet, although the natives still look upon her as
their Queen.
She is a handsome brunette, with a decidedly French cast of features,
and has but recently reached her seventeenth birthday. Her father Is a
wealthy Frenchman, who went to Tahiti many years ago as a trader and
accumulated a fortune. Her mother was a full-blooded native. The Prln
ame to San Francisco with her uncle. Captain G. Dexter, who will
take charge of the schooner Tamari de Tahiti, now nearing completion at
Benicia, and will take her to Tahiti. One of the purposes of the Princess 1
■ is to christen the new vessel. While awaiting the completion of the
Tamari de Tahiti she will visit points f Interest on the coast and may pos
sibly go Bast to complete her education. In that event she will go to Scot
land to visit wealthy relatives before she returns to her home In the far
away South Sea Islands.
"I would not like to stay here always." said the Princess yesterday.
"There is a good deal to see and much thai Interests me; but I cannot be
tomed to the noise and rush and crowds of such a big place as
m getting homesick already, and 1 have only been in the city two
title of being a Queen or a Princess never troubles me. Royalty
Lbolished in my country before I was old enough to know what It
the natives call me by the royal name of Tetanuinui, but Ido
them to look upon me as their Queen or as the descendant
Id King. Of course, I know that had the royal family of Tahiti
continued In power 1 would now be ruler of the island, but sometimes I quea
tion if I would have been any better off than I am now."
H, H. KOHLSAAT
IS RECEIVED BY
UNION LEAGUE
Informal Gathering of
Republicans.
H H. Kohlsaat, publisher of the CMI
-cago Times-Herald, was the guest of
honor yesterday afternoon at a reception
tendered by the Union League dub. The
affair war* informal in character, but none
the less successful on that account, as the
attendance, and the warmth of the wel
come attested.
President Chipman of the Union League
Club spoke the few words of we
Introduced the distinguished visitor, who
Is said to be closer to President McKinley
and the administration than
man In this country- Mr. Chipman re
ferred to Chicago as the center o(
United States and said a few complimen
tary things about a prospective nana-to
hand association between the representa
tive vltv of the great lakes countn
California. Concluding with a warm
tribute to the press, the president 0
club eulogized the editor of the Times-
Herald and the work he has done for the
iblican party.
.Mr de Young was next on tho list or
Hpeakery and h« delivered himself of a
few remarks of welcome for the cltj
Virion League Club and tho press. Lxi the
body of his discourse the editor ol
Chronicle became facetious and told the
a.V-.-mbled guests that in one in-
Mr Kohlpaat wsis like himself— that he
wus , s a ppeechmaker, but big
behind the desk.
Morris M. Estee was then Introi
and in a few well-chosen words
was decidedly the speech of the day.
■ ix>-.i eloquent
delved Into the virtues of expansion, find
ing a panacea for every form of evil in
c* policy advocated so strongly by
the Times-Herald of Chicago.
"When you return to Chicago, he said,
; ■ B I -,-iHt, "I want you to
Ith the knowledge that on the Pa
.. • there ar< Republicans v.-ho are
in li<'.irt.- accord with the administration
and they will be heard from at the com-
Ing el ( tl< •:!."
Mr. Kohlsaat, dleolaimin-j? any pretense
to oratorical ability, limited himself to a
tew words, which expressed his
gratitude and thanks for the kindly recep
tion accorded him by Californians. He
• r.<- hospitality of the people of
3tate and the pleasure which he de
rived from his visit.
"I am no orator," said the editor of the
Times-Herald, "but I always have one
:ne." K. Nelson lilake. his father
in-law, was then Introduced. After a
trimmed speech Mr. Blake con
-1 with high praise for this State in
• upporting the jrold standard at the last
■ action. The futnn- of California and her
were g-iven consid
erable space in Mr. P.lake's ad<!
Ing M. Scott, Tirey L. Ford and
General Isarii"s spoke In turn and the re
ceptlon was concluded by a personal In
troduction to the guest of the club.
In times of peace; In tlm<»s of war;
The favorite* drink Is Jesse Moore.
JUDGE HUNT ASTONISHED.
His Honor Battled by an Action for
Personal Damages.
For many months A. Sohr and wife
have lodged in the Hotel Francisco, on
Turk and Taylor streets, and their land
lord, James King, has been moving in all
illrr-ctlons to get the couple dislodged be
cause of the non-payment of rent. Col
lectors Innumerable neve r ri • -< i to got the
money due and have failed. The rent had
been raised, but to no purposo. In fact,
all of the expedients known to landlords
came to naught. At last the desperate
King decided to take the matter to the
courts, and ho asked Attorney Abbott to
be*ln an action for unlawful detainer.
When the case came up before Judge
Hunt yesterday Sohr was present, but
loaded with a cross-complaint that fairly
made the Judge and Attorney Abbott
Rasp for breath. Sohr asked the court
to grant him $5000 damages for personal
injuries to Mrs. Sohr"a health.
In the cross-complaint he recited that
previous to their troubles Mrs. Sohr was
In perfect health; that on account of the
fear that the landlord and his emissaries
would remove the belongings of the Sohr
family his wifi- was compelled to remain
in her room for a period of six weeks and
that this, combined with the demands of
the landlord and collectors for money due
caused his wife to become afflicted with
heart disease. Nothing short of $5000 dam
ages would compensate for this Injury to
the woman's health.
, After recovering his self-possession
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1899.
Judge Hunt stated that If any one was
id to damages for heart disease he
thought that the person was the landlord.
Sohr lost his ■
Kaiser May Not Visit England.
Specie.l Cable to The <"a!l an.l the New York
Herall. < '<w righted, 1899, by James Gor
■ Bennett
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— The Emperor's visit
to England is very doubtful. The Han
overanische Courier states that the. Em
peror desires to Bee. his grandmother once
more, and he ha<l actually made up his
mind to go to England. The plan will not,
however, be carried out. says the Courier.
at a moment when it would be open to
misrepresentation.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cur". One .lose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it, 25c. All druggists.*
FAMOUS PRELATE WILL
PREACH HERE SUM DAY
THE RIGHT REV. H. C. POTTER, BISHOP OF NEW YORK.
9 p^ ISHOP HENRY CODMAN POTTER of New York, one of the most dis
d \^\ tin^" islK ' i Prelates In this country, will arrive in this city to-day, and on
U Sunday morning will oc-upy the pulpit in Grace Episcopal Church. He is
■* en route to the Philippines as a re presentative of the Amerlea-n Govern-
Q mcnt. The Bishop of New York was brought Into undue prominence last
May by ordaining the famous Dr. Briggs a priest of the Protestant Episcopal
a church, tin;:; setting at defiance a large number of influential prelates of the
' church in America.
•* The Right Rev. H. C. Potter belongs to a family that has long been dis-
Q tinguisht-d for its production of ecclesiastical dignitaries. His father was
Alonzo Potter, Bishop of Pennsylvania, and his unclr., Horatio Potter, pre
a ceded him in the Episcopacy of New York. The Bishop was born In Schen
(/ ectady, N. V., in May, 18.3.'.. He was educated In the Episcopal Academy
■¥ of Philadelphia and in the Theological Seminary of Virginia. From the lat-
A ter institution he was graduated in IMi", and just one year afterward he en-
tered holy orders and took charge of Christ Church at Greenburg, Pa. He
a remained there for two years and loft to become rector of St. John's at
{/ Troy. He spent seven years in that charge and was then called to the
■ft rectorship of Grace Church, which he filled until 1884. The piety and ability
A he displayed were not left unnoticed.
•In 1803 he declined the presidency of Kenyon College, Ohio, and when
i. elected Bishop of lowa in 1575 he declined that honor also. From 1866 to
Q 1883 he acted as secretary in the House of Bishops, in 1883 the Bishop's
+c uncle felt that his increasing age compelled his retirement from active work
A and he appointed his brilliant nephew his assistant. At his consecration,
V which occurred at the general convention In Philadelphia, forty-three Bish
"* ops and 300 clergy were present— an unprecedented distinction. At his uncle's
A death in 1887 he was appointed to his present high office.
L ' Biahop Potter Is the author of a number of theological works and his con
l tributlons to various periodical* have won him a high name in the literary
(/ world.
SAD ENDING TO
AN AUSTRALIAN
PLEASURE TRIP
George H. Woodbury
Died at Sea.
TO HAVE WEDDED IN HAWAII
HIS REMAINS WERE BROUGHT
HOME ON THE MOANA.
Miss Loise Kennan, His Fiancee, Re
turns From Hawaii on the
Hongkong Maru. to Be Pres
ent at the Funeral.
There was a sad scene on Pacific-street
wharf yesterday when the steamer 3u.0
--ana arrived. A father was there to wel
come home his only son, but instead of
hearty greeting the father received the
stunning news laat his son was dead and
the remains were in a sealed casket in the
hold of the mail steamer.
About six months ago George W. Wood
bury, left San Francisco for Sydney,
N. B. \\\, on the steamer Mariposa- His
father, George E. Woodbury, the well
known mining engineer, has considerable
business in Xew South Wales, and the
son took a quantity of mining machinery
With him to the Antipodes on his father's
account. The young man had not reached
his majority and the trip was taken more
for pleasure than business and to giw.
him a chance to see something of tne
world before settling down.
When the steamer reached Honolulu
young Woodbury availed himself of tne
stop-over privilege called for by his ticket
and made a tour of the islands. He was
engaged to Miss Louise Ken nan of 614
Folsom street and a few days before he
left home told his father he was going to
marry hrr. Mlns Kennan was visiting in
Hawaii and young Woodbury called upon
ht-r. They made up a party and visited
the volcano, which was then in eruption,
and other points of Interest, and when
the Moana came along the young man
bade good-by to his sweetheart and pro
ceeded to Sydney. Before having Hawaii
all the arrangements for his welding on
his return w^re made, after which the
young couple were to return to San Fran
cisco.
Soon after leaving Honolulu Woodbury
was taken Bick, hut was not ''onflned to
hi? room until after the steamer reached
Apia. The ship's doctor diagnos<
case as typhoid fpver and did "everything
possible lor the patient. On arriving- at
Sydney the young man dressed himself
and went ashore against the protest of
the doctor. Feeling worse for the exer
tion he went to a hospital and two days
later was dead. The body was embalmed
and sent back to San Francisco on the
Moana.
"When Miss Kennan received the news
she was nearly heartbroken. She ex
pected to meet a bridegroom, and Instead
received the news of his death. She at
onct- made arrangements to return to San
Francisco and will arrive here to-day on
;: c Hongkong Maru.
Th>- dead young man was an expert
ri( lan and engineer and also an ex
pert navigator. A launch built by him
and named Aguinaldo had proved herself
to be the fastest thing of her class on
bay and many a pleasure trip Wood
bury arid his friends made on her. The
arrangements for the funeral have not yet
been made.
Prisoner Hangs Himself.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Oct 20.— Deputy
Sheriff Eddy this morning found B.
I we, one of the prisoners, hanging to
thi> door cif his cell, where he had fast
ened a rope, l.oewf had been dead some
time. He left several letters to the effect
that he was guilty of the charge against
him and that the trouble drove him to
take his Jit'o. Loewe was charged with
intent to steal a buggy and team from a
livery stable where he had been working.
TRAFFIC LEAGUE
ORGANIZED INTO
PERMANENT BODY
San Francisco First
Into Line.
NEW NAME WAS SUBSTITUTED
♦ —
CONSTITUTION WAS SIGNED BY
MEMBERS.
Over One Hundred Leading Business
Houses of San Francisco Were
Represented at a Meeting
Held Yesterday.
A permanent organization was effected
in this city yesterday afternoon to take
the place of the temporary body that has
be.en recently known as the Pacific Coast
I Traffic Association. The name adopted Is
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac- I
turers' Association. The constitution of j
the temporary association and the by- j
laws will be adopted as .the working basis
of the new organization. Only the local
jobbers and manufacturers were repre
sented at the meeting-, which was held in
the rooms of the San Francisco Board of '
Trade. The purposes and methods are j
well known to the delegates from Port- '
land, Tacoma, Seattle, Los Angeles, San
Diego and Sacramento and they will en
ter into the conference next Monday as
members of the executive committee of
the permannt body.
Representatives of about 120 of the
largest business houses in San Francisco
concurred in the naming of ihe following
as the executive committee membership
from this city: VWikefleld Baker, hard
ware; H. D. Loveland, groceries: L. Gug
genheim, drugs; E. S. Lllienthal, liquors;
A. X. Towne, paper: Charles H<>lbrook.
stove and metal trade: I. F. Lfttlefield
paints and oils; C. F. Tay, plumbers' sup
plies; E. Everett, manufacturers; E.
Pond of C. F. Whitney & Co., provisions.
The San Francisco membership of the
committee will be Increased on the basis
of one member for every ten signers of
the constitution, the present basis of rep
resentation. The work of securing signa
tures locally has not been nearly com
pleted.
Twenty-two members of the executive
committee at least are expected to be
present at tho meeting next Monday. The
cities outside of San Francisco will send I
twelve members certainly. The names of \
thrso are aa follows, as far as they have ,
been reported: Portland— Mr. Lewis of
the grocery house of Allen & Lewis; Mr.
De Hart of Honeyman, De Hart & Co.,
hardware; Henry Hahn of Wadhams & j
Co., groceries. Tacoma-Mr. Harmon.
Seattle— J. Goldsmith of Schwabacher
Bros.; Mr. Black of the Seattle Hardware
Company. Mr. Shaw of Shaw, Ingerman
& Co. of Sacramento. The delegates
from Los Angles and San Diego have
not been reported.
Chairman H. D. Lovelnnd presided at
the meeting yesterday and explained to
the new members concerning the consti
: tutlon and the general purposes of the as
sociation. Several new signatures were
then secured. The plan of • organization
Includes the election of a president or
chairman, secretary and three commit
tees, namely, on traffic, finance and audit
ing. The committee on traffic will be the
controlling body of the general work.
News has been received that W. J. Cal
houn, recently a member of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, will appear be
fore the commission at St. Loins to rep
repent the St. Louis jobbers as their at
torney. The Pacific Coast attorney will
be E. S. Pillsbury of this city. There is
no doubt here that St. Louis will have
the unqualified support of the Chicago
jobbers at the St. Ix>uls hearing.
The twelve representatives elected from
abroad to be members of the executive
committee of the Pacific c-i.ist Jobbers'
and Manufacturers' Association Implies
that 120 large business houses in cities
outside of San Francisco have joined in
the movement for protection of Pacitic
Coast trade.
IF YOU NEVER COME BACK.
Judge Treadwell and His Prosecuting
Attorney Give Another Exhibi
tion in Court.
The lack of harmony between Judge
Treadwell and Prosecuting Attorney Car
tel had a fresh manifestation yester
day morning, when the Judge, smarting
■ a criticism of his action in disposing
of the poolroom cases with a fine of $■".. no
alternative, as published in Thursday's
Call, accused Carpenter of tryins? to use
him to further his own political interests
which he declared he would not endure'
The .lud-ee then referred to the poolroom
cases, and said that Carpenter had con
sented i" the cases being disposed of by
the fine with no alternative, and' Carpen
ter denied it, explaining that he had noth
ii g to do with the matter, which had been
entirely in th.- hands of Attorney Joseph
J. Dunne, special prosecutor.
Carp, liter threw his overcoat over his
arm. lifted his hat from the table and
quietly remarked. "I am goinp now."
"Come back." said the Judge, "I want
you to hear the statements of attorm-ys
who will corroborate what ! say."
"I will not ((.me back," Carpenter re
plied as he left the courtroom.
"I don't care If you never come back,"
shouted the Judge.
Ducks.
Every Kind of rluck cooked In every style
every day at I afe Zlnkand. ' •
ROBBED HER FRIEND.
Mrs. Trixie Dillon, a Recent Arrival
From the Klondike, Charged
With Grand Larceny.
Trixie Dillon, a married woman, deserted
her husband and children in Portland
about two years ago and went to Alaska.
She led such a vicious life then' that she
was compelled to leave, and she came to
this city, arriving about a month apo.
She has been defrauding lodging-house
keepers -here, and now she is in the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny. The
complaining witness is Alice Martin who
lives at 1 Fifth street.
Thursday afternoon Trlxie called upon
Alice, who was dressing herself to g-o out
for a walk. She had two diamond ring's,
valued at JIOO, on her dressing table, and
Trixie picked them up and was walking
away when Alice missed them. Trixie
suggested thai the Chinese servant must
have stolen the jewels, and hurried out of
the house. Alice, as soon as she was at
tired for the strer-t. went in search of an
officer and met Detective Anthony, telling
him of her suspicions regarding Trixie.
Anthony commenced an Investigation,
and discovered that Trixie had pawned
the rings in a shop on Taylor street. Sus
pecting that she would attempt to leave
the city. Anthony notified the Harbor Po
lice Station, and Bhe was arrested as she
was buying a ticket for Portland.
A search warrant was obtained from
Judge Conlan yesterday and the diamond
rings were recovered from the pawnshop
and are now held as evidence against
Trixie.
Fan -American Railroad.
AUSTIN. Oct. 20.— Judge P. O. Saun
ders, an American capitalist, who has re
sided in Mexico for several years. Is ex
pected here to-morrow in the Interest of
the project to build a Pan-American rail
road. The proposed line will start at
Matamoras, on the Rio Grande border,
and be built down the Gulf coast of Mex
ico to the Guatemalan border and thence
through Central American States to
South America. The company is soon to
be organized under the name of the Inter-
Continental Railway Company, with a
capital stock of $25,000,000. It la reported
that the Mexican Government will grant
the company a subsidy of $8000 per mile
of all mileage of the road In that country.
No amount of persuasion could induce
him to trade elsewhere. My husband has
been a customer at Beamlsh's for thirty
years — and always been suited. He recom
mends all his friends to trade there. Bea
mlsh's new store, new stock, 209 Mont
gomery street, Russ House block. The
prices will suit you if you want value for
your money. •
Hales.
pattern hats reduced
come to-day
to our free art exhibit in
the ladies' parlor ; china
painting, burnt leather,
point lace and hand-drawn
work, art embroidery and
decorative processes.
doll doings
down in the basement Is the doll
family— gay little people of all sizes
' and kinds; here are three of them,
just to show you how nice they can
be—
13-inch kid body doll, bisque head,
with hair 25c
15-inch wood body jointed doll,
bisque head, sewed wig 50c
18-inch doll, riveted kid body,
bisque head, sewed wig $1
ladies' belts
black patent leather belt with
enamel ball and socket fastening; IVi
inches wide 25c
imitation seal leather belt, lined
and stitched, with covered buckle, in
brown or tan 25c
leather belt with metal buckle, \Vz
inches wide, in green, brown, red,
garnet and black 35c
imitation morocco leather belt with
covered or metal buckle; in green,
tan, brown, olive and garnet 50c
dog collar belts, in black or white,
studded with the new nail heads.. 7sc
real seal leather belts, with covered
buckle and the new medallion studded
effect, In black only; I*> 4 inches wide
two towel item 6
50 dozen Turkish towels, unbleach-
ed, heavy quality; size 21x44 inches..
12c each
100 dozen initial Turkish towels,
bleached; size 21x50 Inches; all white,
with embroidered red initials and col-
ored borders with woven initials....
25c each
black dress goods
extra heavy black whipcord, with
very bright silky surface, 50 inches
wide; we have 10 pieces of the $1.25
quality to sell at... $1 a yard
shower proof black cheviots — guar-
anteed nut to shrink or spot; extra
heavy; full 50 Inches wide
$1.25 and $1.50 yard
black crepons in new designs, just
in; bright and lustrous finish in
choice designs; highest quality
$2 yard
SEVEN STATES
EXTEND A HAND
TO CALIFORNIA
Mining Counties to
Send Men.
The eighth annual convention of th*
California Miners' Association, and the
biggest one In its history,, will begin its
brewing in the hotel lobbies to-day with
the early arrival of many of the several
hundred delegates.
On Sunday morning the reception and
business headquarters of the State Asso
ciation will be opened by Secretary Ben
jamin in the chief corner suites of the
i Palace Hotel, of which door 162 will be
the entrance. Typewriters and assistants
will be on hand to aid the secretary in
assisting and directing incoming delegates
J and In helping committees which will
' hold preliminary meetings on Sunday and
on Monday morning.
The committee on dams, of which A.
Camlnetti of Amador is chairman, haa
been called to meet at headquarters on
Sunday evening. Other committees will
I have meetings before the convention
meets.
Ser-retary E. H. Benjamin has been for
days nearly swamped with the corre
spondence and other business prepara
tions preceding the convention. Yester
day thirty eounti-s of California had re
ported lists of delegates, and the Gover
nors of seven Pacific Coast States had
announced their lists of appointed dele
pates In response to the recent invitation
to them that their State join in making
this convention an Interestate affair as far
as the paramount questions of a cabinet
! department of mines, the reservation of
mineral public lands and the conserva
tion of water are concerned. The .seven
States from which delegates have been
accredited are Nevada. Arizona. New
Mexico, Colorado, Montana, Wyoming
and Washington. Idaho is yet to be heard
from. These Western States and Terri
tories are supposed to send ten delegates
each and whatever number comes will be
royally welcomed.
Secretary Benjamin's correspondence of
yesterday 'announced fifty delegates from j
the ten i-ountles of the Southern Califor
nia branch of the association, along with !
a good many other things. One Item
worthy of more mention than is contained
in this sentence is contained in yester- |
day's report that the miners employed in !
j the Kennedy and South Eureka mines of !
i Amador County had Joined the affiliating .
j county association of Amador County, j
; This means $12: i5O for the treasury of the I
: State Association, according to the ap- :
! portlonment of yearly dues, and brings to
i mind the harmonious way in which the
working miner, the mining capitalist, the i
• mine superintendent and the mining busi
| ness man in San Francisco and In the
mining regions are federated for the com
mon Industrial good in the California
Miners' Association.
Mayor Phelan, Senator George C. Per- j
kins and Congressmen de Vries and Kahn !
were among those who had yesterday for- '
mally accepted invitations to address the j
convention. Secretary Benjamin's official i
returns of yesterday showed that thirty !
counties of California and seven other Pa- !
cine Coast States had named their quotas !
i of delegates, and more are to be heard
j from.
The biggest and most important repre
sentative gathering the mining industry
! has known will begin a three days' ses
sion on Monday. It will be made up of
men of eminent character and ability and
will consider many questions- of impor- !
tance to the whole industrial interest of
the great West as well as to the mining
industry alone.
TERRILL GAINS TIME.
Three llore Charges Are Filed
Against Him.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 20.— Attornpy Samuel
B. Terrill. who was convicted of forging
a mortgage by means cf which he fraud
ulently obtained $400 from Richard J.
Hawke. has secured a writ of prohibition
from the Supreme Court. Terrill was to
have been sentenced to-day, but It was
postponed until November 16. The
ground on which the writ was asked is
that the Grand Jury indictment was once
demurred to and the demurrer sustained
and that the case was asaln referred to
the Grand Jury- It is held that when the
indictment was referred back It should
have gone to another Grand Jury Instead
of to the one that had brought It in.
Three other Informations charging Ter
rill with forgery and embezzlement were
presented In court this morning and ar
raignment set for Monday morning.
Fined for Smuggling.
HONOLULU. Oct 13.— J. C. Cohen, a
commission merchant, representing sev
eral San Francisco houses, has been found
guilty of smuggling and sentenced to pay
Hales.
the hats that made 'our
opening the talk of the
town— the few that are left
are to-day reduced one-
fourth to one-third ; cojne
early ; it's an opportunity
not to be lost sight of.
Spanish turban. 3 shades of rose
velvet, very effectively trimmed; was
$22.50; now $18
most becoming green and fuchsia
hat in the new drooping brim effect;
was $22.50; now $15
large black velvet hat, three long
ostrich plumes, rhlnestone ornaments
and white felt trimming; was $25;
now $18
black velvet poke, long ostrich
plumes, pretty taffeta bow trimming,
velvet ties; was $32.50; now $20
black chenille hat, four pretty black
plumes, white lace scarf, strass
buckle; was $30; now $25
draped turban In black mallne and
steel trimming; was $30; now $20
pretty draped turban In black and
cactus, trimmed in butterfly effect;
was $27.50; now $19
large mignon velvet hat, most be-
coming shape; was $35; now $20
Napoleon blue draped hat, merle
birds and aigrettes, very chic affair;
was $25; now $18
butterfly bonnet with spangled Jet
and maline; was $25; now $20
black velvet hat, draped brim, soft
velvet crown, large bow effect of ma-
line a.nd velvet, fastened with rhine-
stones; was $27; now $20
935, 987, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
a fine of $500. Some time ago Cohen en
tered 600 pounds of coffee at the Custom
house, the duty on which was 7 cents a
pound. It developed that there were real
ly 3000 pounds in the lot. Cohen claimed
that a mistake In the Invoice had been
made by the shippers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S3 8C598 83QL SG3B lE aBkBH
Our Saturdays Specials!
GRANULATED Spr c cana c n k e el8 * SUGAR
.......... .20 lbs $1.00
BEST SsKS BUTTER 50c
Take advantage. Regular 60c square.
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER.. 4Sc
Regular 65c square.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS.... 3Oc
Guaranteed. Regular 40c dozen.
KIPPERED HERRINGS, can.. -20c
From Aberdeen. Scotland. Regular 25c.
OUR MOTHER'S MUSH, 10 lbs. 2sc
LEA & PERRINS' SAUCE 20c
Genuine Imported. Regul*r Jsc.
BABBITTS' K^irySQAP, 29 cks $1
CAL&&". CLARET, qt. dots-.
5 years old. Regular 25c.
Country orders filled and shipped free or
charge 100 miles. Send for October catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 'th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
—
Steins
or Beer Mugs.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down,
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importinfi[ Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
ioo Stores.
I EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
1^- 0 « &
GIVEN FREE
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
'FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
H22 «• v % best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
w ßut for the noble contribution of the
world s greatest artists this book could not
Vu £• " lanuf actured for less than J7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the ' ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
» vimi. S memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. : Address :
EDGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
... ' . 180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores
If you also wish to »end postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as ABv. Is Inserted a*
our Contribution. _
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNY AND , WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
"* modeled and renovated. KING WARD A
CO European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 60 day;
Wa 0 *f week: $8 to J 3O month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room ; fire grate* in ever*
room; elevator runs all night. ... -