VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 84.
LABORI CONFOUNDS THE
ENEMIES OF DREYFUS
Suffers From His
Wound but Loses
None of His Alert
ness.
__
MERCIER IN A TRAP
Forced Into a Con
fession That May
Land Him in a
Prison Cell.
T~> EXNES, Aug. 22.— T0-day was
• RENNES, Labori's day at the was
Maltre Labori's day at the Ly-
Ueee. where Captain Dreyfus Is
standing trial on a charge of
treason. Labor! was the central
figure of the scene. As the Dreyfus
drama unrolled before a crowded court
this afternoon his tall. Viking-like
form, draped in a long black gown, bor
dered with ermine, sitting in front of
the footlights, was the magnet which,
from the moment the curtain was run
up until it fell at noon, drew all re
gards, not merely glances of curiosity,
but the steady gaze of admiration. His
merp presence brought brightness into
thf courtroom and fresh light into the
proceedings.
Labor! did what people had ex
pected. He galvanized the dormant
defense into an active, living thing. M.
Demange is conciliatory. He has air
ways seemed to fear to tread on the
military corn. Labori i.= a gladiator
and always speaks to touch his foe to
the quick. Let there be the slightest ,
opening in his opponent's defense and
he thrusts home. To-day when • M. De
mange found nothing to ask a witness
M. Labori's quick eye discovered weak
spots and he came forward with search- '
ing questions. He opened to-day with ;
aji ••■liui.uuiu speech and tie. .audience |
could have listened for an hour to his i
rich, melodious voice, modulated tones
and then impassioned outbursts, ac
companied by energetic and speaking
gestures.
Generals Roiret. Billot, Mercier and :
Boisdeffre, with the other military wit
nesses, gave one another anxious
glances and put their heads together to
exchange obviously disagreeable im
pressions as Labori plied the smaller
military fry who occupied the witness
stand successively to-day with discon
certing questions.
Labori cornered Mercier on the
Schneider letter, which the latter had
used in evidence and which Colonel
Schneider had repudiated as a forgery.
The general was surprised when Labori
suddenly demanded that M. Mercier be
recalled. ' Evidently he hoped the tri
bunal would support him In refusing
to explain how he got a copy of a let
ter which was of later date than his
incumbency as Minister of War.
But Labori was not to be denied. He
insisted that Mercier should give some
explanation. Then, after hesitating,
Mercier declared that he would assume
all the responsibility attaching to his
possession of the document. This, as
Labori Intended it should be, was a
demonstration of communication by
the general staff of part, at least, of
the' secret dossier to an ordinary sol
dier, such as Mercier became imme
diately on leaving the Ministry of War.
When Labor! had attained his object
end forced a confession of grave viola
tion of law on the part of General Mer
cier he gave a smile of grim satisfac
tion and then added significantly:
"I shall have other questions to put
to General Mercier."
The scene was highly dramatic and
made a profound impression upon all
the spectators. General Mercier must
now be spending a very miserable even
ing, for as the result of this admission,
and with the additional charge of com
municating secret documents to the
court-martial of 1594, he is liable to ar
rest at any moment. Indeed some peo
pie think it hot impossible that he will
be lying in the military prison adjoin
ing the cell of Captain Dreyfus before
the week is out.
Another series of questions put by M.
Labor) concerned Lajoux, a spy for
merly in the service of the French War
Office, but packed off to South Amer
ica, according to various military wit
nesses, because he proved a swindler.
Labori asked how it was if that were
bo that Lajoux was still receiving
monthly payments. Commandant Rol
!in. completely taken aback, replied
that a cessation of payments was under
consideration. The impression con
voyed by Labori's questions and the re
plies given was that Lajoux was being
paid by the War Office to keep out of
the way in the interest of Ksterhazy,
whom Lajoux, in a letter read in court
offering revelations In the Dreyfus af
fair, Indicated as the real traitor. M.
Labori's cross-examination in this mat
ter, therefore, was a distinct advantage
to the accused. Labori announced that
he intended to recall several witnesses.
Mercier, Boget and others will be put
to the test of a severe cross-examina
tion. To his friends Mr. Labori has ex
pressed himself confident of being able
to tear to pieces the evidence these gen
eral: Wavy given so confidently before
a sympathetic tribunal.
Captain Dreyfus to-day pursued the
attitude he took yesterday and replied
to the statements of hostile witnesses
with arguments and the presentation of
counteracts, only once giving way to
his feelings and offering a cry of pro
The San Francisco Call.
MAITRE LABORI ADDRESSING THE COURT.
test. This was at the conclusion of |
Colonel Bertin's deposition, when, with
broken voice, the accused declared his
love of France and the army.
"Yes," he cried, "I love France and I ;
love my country, but it is with senti- I
ments different from those animating
they who come hen ta-day^ t" testify
against me."
M. Labori, if anything, was better
after his exertions than before them. '
The excitement under which he labored j
seemed to act as a stimulant, although |
many friends noticing his flushed face,
feared there might be a relapse. So far
from this being the case, however, he
was able to go for a drive with his
wife In an auto-car this afternoon and
on his return he held quite a recep
tion, afterward spending the time until
dinner in goinr over to-day's evidence
and preparing for to-morrow.
The scurrilous tactics of the anti-
Dreyfusard newspapers may be illus
trated by a paragraph appearing in
their organ here this evening, declaring
that the attack on Labori, which, it In
sinuates did very little harm, was made
solely to arouse the pity of the people
of Rennes for the lamentable lot of an :
escaped convict from Devil's Island.
COURT SPECTATORS
WARMLY GREET LABORI
Wounded Counsel Confuses Several
of the Witnesses Against the
Prisoner.
RENNES, Auc. 22.— Maitre T.abori,
leading counsel for the defense, who was
murderously assaulted August 14, was
present in court t liis morning at the be
ginning of the Becond day 'if the third
week of t lio Becond trial by court-martial
of Captain Alfred Dreyfus, of the artii
!' ry, charged with treason.
The arrival ol M. Laborl at the T.yee ,
was the signal fur Bce'nes of extraordin
ary enthusiasm. At 6:15 a. m. thre» car
riages, preceded by a number of bicycles, j
drove up. Th>- Rrsi carriage contained
M. Labor! /and his wife and physicians, j
The others contained friends of the law- |
yer and some police Inspectors, The
crowd about the Lycee building rushed up!
to M. Labofi's carriage and a numb, r of
others eagerly thrust their hands through
the windows to greet the distlngulsHed
lawyer. When M. Laborl descended he
was surrounded by friends and a him
dred hands pressed his, while he was as
sail<o wilh all sort of questions, to which
he smilingly replied:
"I am going on well, my friends, thank
you. thank you."
As ML Laborl, still accompanied by |
Ume. I.abori and a physician, entered ■
the courtroom, the audience greeted him
by standing up, and there was a general
roar of applause, accompanied by the
clapping of bands. Tears sprains '" the
ryes of the wounded man. who was evi
dently deeply affected by the warm wel
come accorded him. Among those who
greeted M. Labor! were Generals Billol
ami Merder, v.)io courteously inquired as
tii his condition. The lawyer looked very
well, considering his recent i sperlence.
He walked quite briskly, but held his left
arm close to his side, in order not t'> dis
turb the wound. Counsel was conducted
to a light. Well-cushioned armchair In
stead of the ordinary ranebottotn behind
the table set apart for thr lawyers.
Mme. Laborl. who entered the court
room ahead of her husband, also received
a hearty greeting- As she took a seat in
court she was surrounded by friends, who
overwhelmed her with congratulations On
her husband's recovery, to which she
smilingly responded. At titst the audi
ence seemed to be apprehensive that Col
onel Jouaust, president of the court.
might treat the applause of Mr. I,aborl
•■s a demonstration which would warrant
him in clearing the court. It began.
therefore, with a f<w timid claps of the
hind but was soon followed by gener.il
aoDla'use on the part of the whole audi
ence with the exception of a few standing
•it the back, of the courtroom.
As M Laborl shook hands with Gen
eriis Hillot and Mercier. who smilingly
.ongratulated him on being able to iv
aDDear In the case, the lawyer thanked
them for calling at his residence whllo
he was in bed.
Dreyfuß entered the courtroom soon
after and, after having saluted the
judges turned to M. Labori with out
stretched hand, a smile of ke^n pleasure
lighting up his pale and. usually imp|s
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
, Blve features. The lawyer took the pris
oner's hand and shook it warmly, where
upon Dreyfus gave htm another look of
gratitude and took his seat in front of
counsel's table, with his back toward
them.
Colonel Jouaust next read an address to
M. Labori. the tone being quite sympa
thetic. The lawyer made an impassioned
reply. Mo was deeply affected ami his
whs ■•Iciic. (hough -not so "strong" as
before he was shot. He was very nervous
and excited and swayed to and fro aS he
delivered his reply. His hearers were
profoundly impressed.
M. Labori's reply to the president con
siderably fatigued him. and he sat down
Hushed and holding his side. He after
ward once or twice nervously twitched
his fingers and an expression flitted over
his face as though he was suffering:.
Mine. Rejane, the celebrated actress,
was among those present in court to-day.
She made the trip to Rennes especially
to see the trial and return of M. Labon
into the case, and she was one of those
: who applauded the most heartily his en
try into the courtroom.
The'lirst witness to-day was M. Grenier,
the former Prefect of Belfort. His testi
mony was favorable to Dreyfus and dis
tinctly hostile to Esterhazy. :
Major Rollin of the intelligence depart
ment was asked by M. Labor! during the
course of the former's testimony how a
certain document of a later date than
Mercler's Ministry came into General
Mercler's possession. Rollin said It wa.s
not his business to explain, but counsel
insisted, asking whose business it was.
Finally M. Labor! asked Colonel Jouaust
to request Genera] Mercier to explain.
The general arose and said he declined to.
answer. M. Labor) Insisted, but Mercier
till refused to answer and Major Car
riere, the Government commissary, sup
ported him. on the ground that the ex
amination was entering upon a matter
Which ought not. in the interest of the
country, to be discussed publicly.
M. Labor! then declared in a loud voice
that he would reserve to himself the right
to -take the necessary measures to obtain
the desired information.
The next point was made by Dreyfus in
his reply to Major Rollin. The latter had
remarked' that all the prisoner's papers
were seized when his rooms were searched
in 1894, and Colonel Jouaust said that cer
tain papers from his textlvook. "The
School of War," were found missing. To
this the prisoner retorted, "Not in 1K94,
my colonel." This caused some sensation,
as the obvious interpretation was that the
pages were torn out at the War Office
arid then the fact was used against him
as an insinuation that he had communi
cated the missing pages to foreign agents.
M. Ferret, a former Secretary of the
War Office, next testified to having seen
Dreyfus prying into other officers' work
during their absence, and the prisoner re
plied excitedly that Ferret's statements
were concoctions by a former Minister of
War. which caused a sensation. Then in
a cooler manner the prisoner made a
statement explaining the difficulties in
the way of a civilian, such as Ferret, en
tering the offices of the general staff.
General Gonse thereupon presented two
letters to the effect that the writers, both
of whom were civilians, obtained easy ad
mittance to the offices.
Dreyfus retorted that the regulations
were very strict in this respect and that
'therefore some persons were utility of
gross breach of discipline, and M. De
mfingo scored by adding that if entry in
these offices was easy, why anybody could
procure the information Dreyfus was al
leged to have obtained so surreptitiously.
The next witness. Lieutenant Colonel
Kf-rtin. who was the head of Dreyfus' of
fice in 1894; showed himself to be a most
virulent enemy of the prisoner. Ho had
evidently learned his testimony by heart
and declaimed it in a strident, aggressive
tone, Which grated upon the ears of the
audience. Some of his remarks, particu
larly his declarations that he was con
vinced of Dreyfus' guilt by M. Bertillon's
chart and his introduction of Ksterhazy'3
statements against Dreyfus, elicited gen
eral smiles.
Following are the proceedings in detail:
The president of the court. Colonel
Jouaust. on taking his seat, turjied. to M.
Labor! and amid Impressive silence read
an address as follows:
Allow me, M. T,abnri, to express to you the
unanimous sentiment nt the court-martial at
the odious sentiment to which you nearly fell
a victim. This unspeakable act has excited
everywhere, and especially arvumc the mem
ber* of the court-martial, the keenest imlicna
tlon. (Applause.) We are Kind It dirt not have
frrave consequence to yon, onrt that the skillful
nivl devoted attention upon you permit you to
resume your duties to-day.. (Applause.)
In spite of the President's exhortation
not to fatigue him, M. Labor! replied:
In spite of the president's exhortation
not to fatigue himself M. Labor! replied:
M. lie President: Permit me. notwlthstndinK
my weakness and emotion, to say a word In
reply to those you have done me the honor to
address to me In such deeply touching terms.
It was for me a visitation of a particularly
painful nature to be struck down at the time
when this case was beginning to realize my
beautiful dream of the last few years, namely
to plead this case In all Its amplitude before a
tribunal of soldiers. That was my aspiration,
and that will explain to you my emotion and
sorrow, as well an my Joy to-day. I will not
revert to that, but I wish to thank all -friends
or foes or indifferent people who have honored
m« wlUx theeo glgn* °t sympathy, of which I,
Schneider, the Aus
trian, Scores the
General Staff of
France,
TELLS OFJORGERY
His Name Attached
to a Document of
Which He Knew
Nothing
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18»9, by James Gor
don Bennett. $•
PARIS, Aug. 22.— Colonel Schneider,
the Austrian military attache,
arrived in Paris yesterday. He
writes to the Figaro confirming
his repudiation of the document
produced at Rennes, adding:
"On November 30, 1597, my opinion
was absolutely contrary to that ex
pressed in the document in question.
The addition of that date and my sig
nature to the text attributed to me
constitute a forgery, even if — what I
cannot say without it — the text ema
nated from me at different dates."
The change in the attitude of Captain
Dreyfus is attributed to the advice of
Maitre Mornard, now associated with
Maitres Labor! and Pemange in the
conduct of the defense, who told him
he must speak in his own behalf, as his
sullen silence would send him back to
Devils Island. ■ Dreyfus now fights for
himself as energetically as does his
counsel.
The confusion into which the ranks
of the military witnesses are thrown by
anything approaching {a lively .cross
examination is due to the fact that
their cases are all prepared for them,
and,- in* some instances"^ av^h^wf it ton
out by M. Ployer. who pulls the string
for Paris in the interests of the mili
tary party. Hence the dismay spread
by the reappearance of M. Laborl..._ ._.
The spy, Lajoux. so prominent in to
day's evidence, was one of the least
reputable connected with the intelli
gence bureau. He was paid to leave
France and is still paid 200 francs a
month. He knows all about Caere, who
betrayed Germany's secrets to France,
and, among others, that a decorated
colonel of the ■ general staff supplied
Germany with Important .mobilization
plans and other secrets. This was two
years after Dreyfus was condemned,
and the traitorous colonel was Henry.
When Picquart was investigating this
affair Henry got himself sent to Basle
to take the statements of Cuers and to
browbeat them into suppressing the
truth. Hush money is still being paid.
On one occasion Lajoux was thrust into
a lunatic asylum to prevent awkward
disclosures.
HAMBURG. Aug. 22. — The Ham
burgische Correspondent, discussing
the assertion that Germany should
publish certain documents proving the
innocence of Dreyfus, says: "The an
swer to this is that documents of this
nature cannot be produced, for the sim
ple reason that Germany never had
anything to do with Captain Dreyfus.'
.£ +-.-., _♦-.s, -♦-«•-♦--•*--♦- <i> •■♦-■■• ♦
am deeply sensible, and 1 thank you, Mr.
President, and Members of the martial,
and also all these eminent men, though I have
not tne honor of knowing them except in the
course of these long struggles In which we
have met and in tne progress of which the
races- of adversaries ended by smiling a little
like th.' faces oi friends, or at least like those
01 old acquaintances who have expressed their
sympathy. I thank you. friends and colleagues,
even the humblest correspondents who have
done me the honor to write to me without
giving their address, because their marks of
sympathy, though coming from the humblest
abodes, were also the most sincere a. nil the
most touching.
1 resume my place in court rather to hear
than to speak. If 1 am .less active I shall
bring no loss conscientiousness, no less good
temper into my work. It is a difficult task we
are all performing. You who are the arbiters
and who will render. Justice— we the auxiliaries.
Hut all of this wilr help us on, for we shall
have the sense of duty done.
I,*t us now continue the proceedings, in
which we have yet to pass through many
vicissitudes. Thanks to th" fullheFS of these
investigations, we shall see emerged from
them perfect truth and complete Justice mak
ing for peace.
In conclusion M. Labofi said that they
now had the right to hope and declared
that protests and recriminations after the
success of the work of the justice must
be regarded inadmissible and that It must
be known that "error has ever a larger
share in human affairs than treachery."
(Applause.) As the eminent lawyer, whoso
face showed fatigue and emotion, seated
himself there was prolonged handclap
ping.
M. Qrenler, former Prefect of Belfort,
was the first witness called. He Bald he
considered Esterhazy to be an Irrespon
sible personage. Esterhazy. he continued,
was the orderly of witness' father, who
always praised his fidelity and devotion,
bin "Esterhazy even then was a disap
pointed man.- He was always complain
ing of deception, grumbling at fate and
living in great style without means to up
hold it. He squandered successive lega
cies. The witness said he Introduced
Esterhazy to M. Jules Roche, reporter of
the Budget of the Minister of War, who
wanted an educated. intelligenj. officer,
capable of explaining military technicali
ties. ' No one, according to M. Qrenier,
was better qualilted for this than Ester
hazy. who spoke every European lan
guage and Was thoroughly posted on mil
itary science and the general and military
hist't ry of Europe. At Estt- rhazy's '■■ -
que?t witness made numerous attempts to
get him into the Ministry of War, which
Esterhazy declared was necessary in or
der to enable him to pass for lieutenant
colonel.
M. Grenier continued that at the time
Esterhazy attributed the resistance
which he encountered to various people,
including the late Lieutenant Colonel
Henry, but when the witness .reassured
Esterhazy on this point he exclaimed:
"It. is the last thing 1 should expect for
Henry to be nasty." . . •
Lieutenant Colonel Rollin of the Intelli
gence Department described the spy La
joux employed, in the department as "a
Continued on Second I'ace.
CALIFORNIA AWAITS
HER SOLDIER SONS
* ALL READY FOR >
* NAVAL PARADE S
All the Committees Have Completed Their Work
and Nothing Has Been Left Undone to Make a
Success of the Big Reception.
Initial Test of the Great Incandescent Lamp Display Flooded
Market Street With Light and Was Greeted With
Shouts of Admiration From a City Full of People.
PROGRAMME FOR THE RECEPTION.
T~^ AR out to sea California gaces for the first sight of the transport bearing her zi'arlike sons
JL* from the Philippines. Enthroned on the hills of San Francisco she watches over the waters,
counting the minutes hours, the hours days that separate her from the embraces of her boys.
Her vigil is near to an end.
At noon to-morrozv, if all goes well — and there is no reason to expect otherwise — the Sher
man will be off the Faralloncs, the news will be rushed to the city, and from the dome of The Call
building a vast kite carrying the stars and stripes will shoot up into air, announcing the a)ixiously
awaited hour. A few hours afterward the transport will steam through the Golden Gate into the
landlocked harbor of San Francisco, with the guns on the battleship lowa and of Alcatraz island
booming in salute.
The reception that has been in preparation for weeks will begin, officially, with the naval
parade of the tugs and yachts of the ba\, under command of Commodore John D. Spreckcls. After
the signal announcing the arrival of the Sherman, the citizens of San Francisco will have a full
hour's time to board the boats on which their tickets call for passage. The tugs Fearless, Re
liance, Alert, Union and Millcn Griffith will start from Howard No. i. The Monarch, Sea King,
Sea Queen and Sea Witch will start from I 'alle jo-street wharf. An hour later the parade will be
formed.
It has been arranged that a letter will be handed by the boarding pilot to Captain J. C. Reid,
quartermaster in charge of the transport Sherman, requesting him not to enter the harbor before
j : 10 p. m., so that she may be met off Fort Point by the parading fleet of handsomely decorated
tugs and yachts in tow, which will steam tozcard her in two columns, circle around her stern and
come up the harbor abreast of her, one column on each side. Outside of these columns, to the north
east and rear, all other steam and sail vessels will take up their position. In this order the trans
port and escorting vessels will move to the bay off F olsom-street dock, where she will cast anchor.
After that an informal pandemonium of welcome will undoubtedly break out and continue,
even after the night illumination of the bay is inaugurated. No such spectacle has ever before been
attempted here.
Next morning — Friday — the boys. will disembark and breakfast at the ferry depot with
their parents and relatives, and at io:;o o'clock will march to the Presidio under an escort of the
Third Artillery, the Colorado Volunteers and the National Guard. The line of march zcill be up
Market to Van Ness azrnuc to the Presidio. After making camp at the Presidio the California
boys will be granted furloughs until io o'clock the following morning. In the evening the grand
electrical illumination will be displayed for the first time.
On Saturday morning military concerts will be given at it o'clock at Union square and
Columbia square. In the evening wiU be the great night parade, pyrotcchuical and electrical dis
play, followed by a banquet to the Calif ornians at the ferry depot.
The night parade will form on Van Ness avenue and streets leading into it, and will
march to Market street to the ferry, where the Californians will march to the banquet, the column
continuing on Market to Montgomery, to California, up California to Kcarny, Kcarny to Market,
out Market to Van Ness azrnuc.
Even this will not end the reception. At dates yet to be fixed the Fighting First will be
banqueted at the ferry depot by the Native Daughters, and, still later, will be decorated with
medals.
The transportation companies hazr announced their intention of running late trains and
boats on the night of the big parade to accommodate residents of Marin, Sonoma, Alamcda and
Santa Clara counties.
VOLUNTEER RECEPTION PARADE OFFICIALS.
CAPTAIN A. J. DUNUBAVY of the .
harbor police believes that it will
take the entire police force of San
Francisco to handle the crowd
that will congregate on East
street, between the Folsom-street wharf
an d the ferry depot on the morning tho
troops leave the transport. Acting with
the Parents" and Relatives' Association,
he appeared before the citizens' executive
committee yesterday and presented a
plan that would possibly discourage many
people from congregating on the water
front at the time of debarkation. The
proposition was to take the troops from
the Government wharf on a ferry-boat
and land them at the breakfast tables at
the depot, thus obviating the march
along East street.
The committee agreed with the plan, but
Captain Batchelder, representing the
officer in charge of the wharf, knocked
out the whole idea by announcing that
it was not feasible and would not be per
mitted. In passing, the captain informed
the committee as to who would -be al-^
lowed on the wharf. His list included
two representatives from each, of the San
Francisco- morning and evening papers,
the Governor and staff. Mayor Phelan
and members of the citizens' executive
committee, twenty-four members of the
executive committee of the Parents' and
Relatives' Association and a limited com
mittee representing the State Legislature.
At the request of the Red Cross Society
Mayor Phelan has sent' the following tel
egram to Governor Lee. Pierre, S. D. :
Discharged sick and injured South Dakota
volunteers here awaiting transportation. I'n
derstand your State will provide transporta
tlon for regiment. In that event these men
should be considered at once. They are en
titled to the benefit and several members ask
my mediation.
The acting Secretary of the Navy has
sent orders to the commanding officer of
the lowa to fire the national salute of
twenty-one guns when the transport
Sherman enters the port. Orders hava
also been received instructing the tars and
marines to participate in the night pa
rade. These orders were issued upon the
request of the citizens' committee. The
following telegram was received yester
day in reply to their appeal:
luwa authorized to salute Sherman and crew
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
* SHERMAN DUE
* TO-MORROW *
authorized to participate in land parade. Con
fer with Admiral Kautz.
C. H. ALLEN. Acting Secretary.
A request was made on Genera' Shatter
to order a salute from the battery at
Alcatraz. but lie stated that it was not
customary to thus honor returning sol
diers and that, if he should take it Ui>on2
himself to order the salute, he thought
it w • the impression that he
was making a distinction In favor of the
California boys. He indicated that the
made 1 the War Department
r.; wire. The committee Immediately tel
■— follows:
- a -. FRANCISCO, Aug. --'■ 1899. Secretary
D. C- The Navy Dc
s authorized the transport Sherman
. •■ . i with the California Kogi
.by the battleship lowa we
thai you authorise General
national salute, on the arrival
of the '::,:;;-! r ; Shi man.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
We . i loin In ihl^ request.
GEORGE C. PERKINS.
M. OE V'RIES.
julitjs KAiix.
Mrs. A. S. Towns, nd, "the soldiers'
friend," will b< the city's guest during
the celebration, and will be provided for.
al ail of the entertainments in connection
with, the festivities. She will witness the
night parade from th< grand stand at the
Junction of Market ana Battery streets.
The citizens" executive committee advised
the, I; ■ Society yesterday that, In
appreciation of Sirs. Townse'nd s munifi
cent gifts for the benefit of the soldiers,
it would be their pleasure, and they con
ed it their duty, to show her every
courtesy. The invitation to all the fes
tivities will include her friend. Miss Rat
■
Colonel' T. F. Barry and Hugh Craig
have been added to the honorary reception
Judge Morrow hns been named
as chairman of the committee.
ingements were completed yesterday
for - he illumination of Twin Peaks on the
night of the great demonstration. Two
will blase on the summit. Ten
cords of wood and many barrels of tar
and resin will be consumed.
The steamer Monticello will be the exec
utive committee's official craft on the day
■ naval parade. The boat will be
profusely decorated from stem to stern.
and will carry two immense banners, one
■with the words "Executive Committee"
and the other with the great seal of the
city. The steamer was Becured for the
committee by W. J. Martin, In charge of
the transportation arrangements.
CROWDS CHEERED
ELECTRIC DISPLAY
A test was made last night of the elec
trical display. on Market street. The cur
was turned oii about 8 o'clock and
the thousands of incandescent lamps that i
go to form the display sparkled for about
a minutes. When the street sud- j
denly burst into a Maze of glory, the
heavens apparently changing into a can-!
opy of fin . the crowds on the sidewalks
went wild anil cheer after cheer rent the i
air. The people rushed to the center of
the street to get a better view of the dis- 1
more p< rfect ld< a of the effect
For a time the cable-cars were unable to)
hrough the crowds.
The Fight was one of the grandest of
tbe kind the people had ever witnessed.!
The section that was illuminated last i
GENERAL SHAFTER OUTLINES
PLAN OF MILITARY ESCORT
£-; ra AJOR GENERAL SHATTER conferred with the executive commlt
//V"7\\. '" •'"' ''' r ' !;iy %vi:1 ' re S ard '■" tne militar >' escort for the volunteers
If )( \ from the wharf to the Presidio on the day of debarkation. After
IL /Aj> >> discussion the general outlined the- following plan:
■ irsi California Volunteers will be formed immediately after landing
on the wharf. Then they will be turned over to the citizens" committee for
breakfast. After this the line will be formed for the march to their camp
at the Pr< sidio as- follows:
First Unit d States troops.
Second National Guard of California.
Third First California "Volunteer*.
Fourth- First Colorado Volunteers.
Fifth— League of the Cross Cadets.
Line of mar< h Up Market street to Van Ness avenue, to Lombard street,
to < mp at the Presidio.
The parade will be reviewed at Rush street. His Honor the Mayor and
citizens' committee will be invited by the major general commanding to
witness with him the review at Bush street. While; General Shatter does
not presume to dictate to th« Mayor or committee as to their places In the
parade, he would regard it as more appropriate that the Mayor and com
mi:i<e go In front of the California Regiment. Other civic organizations
I, in his judgment, be in the rear of the First Colorado Regiment.
in the day Major General Shafter issued the following special order:
Colonel Jacob fi. Rawlea, headquarter!, staff, band and Batteries C, E. I,
N and O, Third Axtiilery. will be held in readiness to proceed to this city,
upon further notification from these headquarters, for the purpose of escort
ing the California Volunteer troops on the day after their arrival in this
port to th" Presidio 01 San Francisco.
The troops will assemble at the Folsom»street dock at 10:30 a. m., and the
i ommanding officer will consult with the- commanding officer of the First
California Volunteers and arrange to move on the return march upon noti
fication that the California Volunteer troops are in readiness. Full-dress uni
form will be worn.
night was dut a r-mnii part or tne wnoie
 splay, bui 11 sufficed to give a fair idea
of the magnitude of The undertaking. The
were so brilliant that the streets
d as bricht n>. midday. The test
was in every way satisfactory to the
■ on committee. The members are
convinced thru the Illumination will be
, ..;.....c! SUCCI BS.
The com»itte< is much gratified at the
effect prodr.cfd by the paJrn and ever-
decora-tlons, aufi the members feel
themselves i ■ the members of
th< Colorado Regiment, volunteer florins
and draymen for their ereiyerouH assint-
Festerday the leariinc: restaurant
keepers gave Q dinner to the boys who
v. ■< ; < working on the decorations.
WILL ENTERTAIN
BROTHER SOLDIERS
Meetings of the various mmpanie- of 'hr*
National Guard In the Page-street arm-'
ory Monday night, all having fur their oh- j
Ject the reception of the returning Cnli- j
fornia troops, wefo well attended, and
much enthusiasm wa= display.'!.
The officers and nu cabers of the- old j
Third Regiment decided to 'urn oul in the i
night parade, and will banquel the mem
ber* of Companies A. I). X and II of the
First California a f'-w days after their ar
rlval. Colonel Thomas I". Barry, who pre
sided, api>ol.nted th< following committees
t" make arrangements for the turnout:
On transparencies- Captain Daniel Fo
ley. On badges— Captain Frank W. War- i
ren and Captain H. J. Moagher. On pyro
technic^ -Captain William M. Sullivan
and Captain Edward Fitzpatrick. Charles
Jones was appointed color-b'.'arer. All ex
TO-MORROW THE SHERMAN
WILL ENTER THE HARBOR
crzp J,L guessing as to the arrival of the transport Sherman, with the Cali-
II \\ fornia boys aboard, will soon be over nqw. Another twenty-four hours
H- — i\ should se« her not far off the tarallones, and from there it will not take
It Vs the big troopship long to make her anchorage off Folsom-stree* wliarf^
'At noon yesterday, according to the best calculations, she was 688
nautical miles away irnm the Golden Gate, which distance she ought to cover
in a little over two days.
United Suites Nautical Expert McMillan calculates that at noon yesterday
(San Francisco time) the Sherman was in latitude 39 degrees 35 minutes north,
longitude 138 degrees west. In that event she would have covered 3980 nautical
miles of the Journey from Yokohama and would still be 6SS nautical' miles from
San Francisco.
The south side of Market street, front of The Call business office, was almost
impassable yesterday afternoon and evening because of the crowd gathered to
gaze on the bin chart of the Pacific In the window showing the position of the
Sherman on her wav to iinrt with the California boys on board.
members of the Third Regiment are re
quested to assemble at the armory on the
evening of the parade at 7:15 o'clock. Sec
retary Frederick Prltchard announced
th.it 'about 4*i ex-members would escort
the Knights of the Red Branch in the pa-
The members of Companies A and X of
the old Third Regiment, formerly known
as the Emmet and Wolfe Tone Guards,
will banquet Company A of the First » . ai-
Ifornla Regiment. They organized by the
election of Captain Thomas deary, presi
dent; Captain baniel Foley, treasurer, and
D. J. Wyatt, secretary. The following is
the committee of arrangements: H. ™i-
Ups M l?;irke. Lieutenant Miles Bolger,
Frank S. Drady. Sergeant I. Less. v.
Vincent. Captain D. Foley and A. Tracy.
Company B of the Firsi California
formerly known as the City Guard, will
banquet Company H of the returning vol
unteers, and P. A. Baldwin Sergeant
Walter w. Kelly and Corporal F.dw.nd
Foley will make the necessary arrange
"ueutenant Robert Cranston presided at
the in-'eting of Company M ol the I'irst,
;, rmi 'r'v c and H of the Second Artillery,
also known as the Pan Francisco ( adets.
It was decided to attend the debarkation
of the troops, and the following night
parade committee has been appointed:
Dr B F. Fleming, Captain James Reln
feW and jasper Secchi. The committee of
arrangements for a high jinks to be given
Company M of the r< turning First consists
of George V. Ferris. M. O Keefe, S.
Crosthwaite, William Spillman and George
BuhJinger.
THIRTY THOUSAND
IN THE BIG PARADE
At the meeting of the joint commute
of the Native Sons and Daughters the
badges for the members were distributed
by Mrs. de Roos, chairman of the commit-
A member wanted to know who would
wait on the soldiers at the banquet. Mrs.
French of Alta Parlor said she, as wed
as many Native Daughters, was anxious
to wait" on the soldiers. Mrs. Josephine
Codington of Las Lomas Parlor ] said V.-.yt
she was opposed to the Native Daughters.
acting as waitresses. After discussion the
whole matter was turned over to the bai:
ijuet committee.
The grand marshal gave an account of
the parade. He said that a band ot boys
12 years of age. who called themselves the.
Dewey Mascots, who were disappointed
because Dewey did not come this way.
asked to be allowed to parade, .''was
decided to allow them to do so with the
Native Sons. Reducing the estimates Of
the fraternal organizations, not including
the Native Sons, one-half, he said, there
would be 11,000 men in line and that with
other bodies there would be at least .000
in line. He said that General Shatter had
acted nobly toward the .Native Sons find
that he had secured a cannon captured at
Santiago, which he would present to the
city In trust, for the order of Native Sons.
Marshal "Pistoles! paid a glowing com
pliment to the citizens' committee for the
aid it had given Ih< Native Sons and
Daughters in the successful carrying out
of the parade.
COMMODORE'S RULES
MUST BE OBSERVED
Extraordinary precautions are bring
taken by those having the naval parade
in charge to make that feature of the re
ception to the returning volunteers an un
<-|n.-iliHo.l success.. Secretary 'William D.
English of tho Harbor Commissioners
Bent communications yesterday to tln>
owner* of all vessels in port, who may de
sire to t.ik>- part in the bay demonstra
tion, requesting their earnest co operation
and striel observance of the rules laid
down by Commodore Sqreckels.
Cbpies of tin- following additional orders
have also been mailed:
All steam or sail vessels which
have not been assigned position in
line are urgently requested to keep
not less than 400 yards to the
NORTH OR EAST of the line of
parade, OR IN THE REAR, and al
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1599.
low ample room for the handling of
the towboats and yachts during the i
maneuvers. Not only the general !
safety demands this, but it is necss- ;
sary to insure the public an unob- '
structed view from shore.
The vessels which have been as
signed positions in line will form
same off Meiggs wharf, a.nd all other
craft will please give that point a
wide berth, thus avoiding confusion. |
The Harbor Commissioners at their 1
FLING YOUR FLAGS
TO THE BREEZE
"Our boys" will be with us to-morrow,
perhaps, and we are going to give them
a glorious welcome. Let the heroes see
the Stars and Stripes flying wherever
they go. Put out your flags, big and
small, and add to the adornment of the
city.
meeting yesterday passed the following
resolution with the object of .nsuring
the decoration <>f all vessels In the har
bor:
"Resolved. That Chief Wharfinger
Henderson be and is hereby directed to
request, on behalf of the Harbor Commis
sioners, all owners, agents and masters of
vessels, both those made fast to the
wharves and anchored in the hay, to
dn-s.s said vessels with their colors, sig
nal flags, etc."
Commodore Spreckela has Instructed the
chairman of ihe noise committee. George
H. S. Dryden, to raise the American Hag
on the ferry building the instant the
Sherman is sighted, and when she is one
mile (Uit. to hoist the Bear flag.
The employees of the transport wharf
at Folsom street will decorate the pier
with Hags, bunting and evergreens. They
have contracted for an electrical illumina
tion, and will have a fireworks exhibition
on the night of the naval demonstration.
Major Ilarney has secured the steam
schooners Samoa and Grace Dollar, and
if the Sherman comes in to-morrow, the
steamer Zinfar.del will be used for
excursion purposes. The T. C. Walker.
on which will ride the Native Sons' and
Daughters' joint committee, will leave
from Washington-street pier on the north
side instead of Clay as heretofore an
nounced.
Chief Wharfinger Henderson is planning
a gfand climax to the "Night on Frisco
Bay." He has already secured two corda
of wood, four barrels of tar and mort
than 10(i empty tar barrels for the old
barge which is to represent the "enemy's
Bhip," 1 and is to bf> set on fire by the
rockets fired from four other barges. The
spectacle, will be a litting conclusion to
the grandest marine display ever wit
i nessed in this harbor.
THANKS EXTENDED
TO COLORADO BOYS
The decoration committee is deeply
grateful to the members of the Colorado
Regiment for their valuable aid in plac
ing the evergreen decorations along Mar
ket street, and desires to extend to them
its sincere thanks. The boys generously
offered tnelr services to the committee
and for two days past have worked un-~
ceasingly to transform Market street into
I the beautiful forest that now greets the
j eyes of the delighted observer.
"Too much praise cannot be accorded to
the Colorado boys," said Chairman \Y. J.
Martin, "for the noble part they took in
preparing a welcome for their soldier
' brethren. They responded to the request
for volunteers to decorate the line of
march ciuite as quickly and with as much :
enthusiasm as they did when the call
: was Issued for volunteers to go to the
i front. It was a labor of love with them
I and right nobly did they perform the
task. Their gratuitous work merits th
commendation of the citizens of this com
munity, who are all interested in the ap
proaching welcome. The Colorado Regi- '
NO END TO THE GROWTH
OF THE RECEPTION FUND.
$50,550 es.
■\ ff EARLY J4AOO rolled yesterday Into the fund for the reception of the
[>| returning volunteers. m:iki:ig the total to date in the hands of the
[ ]] treasurer $56.550 65. The subscriptions yesterday were as follows:
Mrs. A. S. Townscnd. $25; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.. $100; Sheriffs offl?o.
$60; Goldberg, Boweti & Co., $50; Ma
honey Bros., $25; Swiss-Americ.-in
Bank. $25; San Francisco and San
Mateo Electric Railroad Company,
$25; Williatn A. Boole & Son, 52.*.;
Board of Education (additional), {21 50;
Kohler & Chase, $20; Sherman. Cliy
& Co.. J2O; Benjamin Curtaz <fe Son,
$20; Donnelly. Dunn & Co.. $20; Van R.
Paterson, $20; Frank P. Sherman, £>■);
Green Valley Stables. $20; Martin
Sachs Company, $20; Alameda Base
ment has at all times been highly re
garded by our citizens, but this generous
action on the part of its members has
served to increase the already good opin
ion entertained for them."
SCHOOL CHILDREN
WILL CHEER THEM
Superintendent "Webster yesterday Is
sued to every principal in the School De
partment a circular directing that on the
morning of the military parade all school
children end their teachers shall be drawn
up on Van Ness avenue on each side of
the line of march. They will carry rtOW
ers and flags and do their utmost to add
to the warmth of the reception of the
boys as they proceed to the Presidio.
Through Principal Hamilton t>f the i-in-
C'Mn Grammar School Superintendent
Webster has accepted the offer of Mr.
Belasco, father of Manager Belasco of
the Alcazar, to decorate at his own ex
pense the statue of Lincoln on the Lin
coln School grounds.
WILL EXTEND THE
FORMAL GREETING
— — i
The honorary reception committee ap
pointed to extend the formal greeting !O
the California volunteers when they ar
rive on the Sherman met last night and
organized by electing Judge W. W. Mor
row chairman. r l he following gentlemen
have been added to the committee by the ,
citizens' executive committee: Hugh j
Craig, James Hamilton and Colonel j
Thomas P. Barry. The complete coramit
tee is as follows:
Finn. W. W. Koote. Henry Dernham,
John F. Merrill. James B. Stetson John
I. Sabln, Lewis Gerstle. Captain Niebaum,
Judge J. J. do Haven. Dr. A. A. d Anemia,
Hon. Frank G. Newlands. uarret. McEner
ney, Hon. W. H. Beatty, Captain N. T.
Messer, Armur Rodgers. George (rocker.
Simon Newman. P. F. Dunne, Dr. Max
Magnus. Colonel J. C. O'Connor, 1. K.
Bannerman. P. H. McCarthy, Dr Louis
Bazet, J. C. O'Connor, H. G. Platt. Dr.
Ret hers. Hon. J. M. Seawell. J. h redenck
Plagemann, R. H. Lloyd, Fred Greenwood,
Charles Altschul. Wendell Easton, L. Bl
kus. Dr. L. T. Cranz. R. B. Hale. A. W.
Foster. Julius Kruttschnitt. George A.
Knight. Leon filoss. Judge W. W. Mor
row, Clement Bennett, Judge J. T. SulH- ,
van. Maxwell McNutt, George A Newhall,
Hon. W. A. Bissell, Hon. James A. Cooper.
I. L. Requa. Walter Everett- Stone, P. N. j
Lilienthnl, Edwin Goodall. Colonel W. R. i
Smedbere Colonel H. P. Bush. Wlllard B.
Harrington. A. Sbarboro. S. V. Costello.
Vanderlynn Stow. Dr. A. P. O'Brien, \Vill
lam Fries, John T. Green, WHllam Greer
Harrison. Frank S. Johnson. David N. !
Walter. David Rich. William S. Woofl,
John Landers. Hugh Craig, James Hamil
ton and Colonel Thomas F. Barry. j
They will meet this afternoon at 3
o'clocK in Mayor Phelan'a private office in
the Phelan building to make arrange- j
nu»nts for the reception.
SPECIAL ORDERS
FOR ESCORT DUTY
The following special orders have been
issued by Major General John H. Dickin
son regarding the reception and escort of
the First California Volunteers on their
return from the Philippines by the Second
;ind Third brigades, National Guard of
California, and the naval militia:
Headquarters Division, National Guard Cali
fornia, Mills Building.
PAN FRANCISCO, Ca!., Aug. 21, 1?99.
S] ■ ■ ial orders No. in.
Permission having been granted by the com
mander-in-chlef to sues organizations as can
do bo to Dararte in San Francisco at the re
ception and escort of the First California In
fnnlry. United State? Volunteers, on their re
turn frr.m the Philippine Islands, the follow
ing; orders arc Issued:
The commanding officer of the Second Bri-
Eade, National Guard California, will assem
ble with his command for said reception and
escort doty, at a time and place to be here
after designated, and report to the assistant
adjutant genera] of the division, National
Guard California. The commanding officer of
the Second Brigade, National Guard California,
\< ill direct a suitable escort to report to the
adjutant general of California for duty, at a
time and place to be hereafter named. In es
corting thf cominander-ln-chlef to his posi
tion in Bald reception ami escort, as it may
be directed by the division commander. He
will also (lire.-t a suitable escort to report to
the assistant adjutant general of the division,
at the Mills building, to escort the division
commander to such place as it may be directed,
on the occasion of said reception and escort.
The commanding officer of the Third Isri-
Kade, National Guard California, Will direct
companies C and F. Sixth Infantry. Company
F, Second Infantry, and Troop B. Cavalry,
to report to the assistant adjutant general of
the division. National Guard California, at a
tim>- and place to be hereafter designated, to
participate In said reception and escort.
Tho commanding officer of the Naval Militia
will, with that portion of his command Quar
tered aboard the U. S. S. Parlon. report to
the assistant adjutant general of the division,
National Guard California, at a time and
place to be hereafter designated, to participate
in said reception and escort.
Transportation for all troops outside af San
Francisco will be provided only for officers and i
men traveling in uniform. The commanding
officer of each company will, immediately
upon his return after the parade, report, in
duplicate, through channels, to these head
quarters, the names of all officers and men
furnished with transportation.
By command of
MAJ GEN JOHN H. DICKINSON.
THOS. M. CLi:FF,
Colonel and Assistant Adjutant General.
Official.
WHEN CALIFORNIA
BOYS GET MEDALS
The medal committee of the Native Sons
and a committee from the executive com
mittee mot laßt night In Native Sons" Hall
and decided that the medals for California
volunteers will be distributed at the Pre
sidio on the afternoon of the 2d of Sep.
tember if they are ready en that date.
it was also decided that the banquet
will h-; given on the night alter the dis
tribution of the medals. C. Dupy. H. S.
Martin. H. Lunatedt. J. W. Lewis. J. Car
roll and L. M. Kolin were appointed to
wait on Genera! Shafter to ascertain
about securing the Presidio for the pur
pose.
hall Club, 51(5 25: Tirey I>. Ford. $15:
Byron Mauzy, $10, Hockett Bros. &
Co., $]0; Clark Wise & Co., $10; 8. H.
Kent, $10; Dewey Navigation and
Trading' Company, $10; Sacramento
Gas and Electric Railroad Company,
$10; Roesch Lamp Company, $10; E. A.
Fargo. $10; Murch & Gray. $10; Mrs.
C T. Mills. $10; Thomas Jennings Jr.,
S10; a. Sbarboro, $10; George H. Bahrs,
$1"; James M. Troutt, $10; J. V. Coffey,
110; Frank H. Dunne, $10; William R.
Daingerneld. $10; John Hunt. 10; Car
roll Cook, $10.
GUERIN'S LARDER IS
ALMOST DEPLETED
Soon the Besieged Party Will Have
to Subsist on Potatoes
Alone.
PARIS, Aug. 22.— "At Guerin's stronghold— Half a dozen boxes of
tinned food and fifty kilograms of potatoes," is the curt report on the
commissariat by the cook, who left the building last night, probably
because nothing is left to cook. The environs of the fortress show lit
tle change, except that the police and Republican Guards have been re
placed by soldiers of the line, the One Hundred and Thirty-fourth and
Seventy-fourth, Esterhazy's regiment, taking duty by turns. The pro
gramme is each night the same.
Up to midnight the police have some difficulty :n controlling the
mob that surges round the streets leading to the Grand Occident de
France. Every half-hour or so there is a change of police. Half a dozen
prisoners are taken and conducted with more energy than gentleness
by the Police Bureau near Rue de Chabrol. Bit by bit. however, the
crowd begins to disperse, and by midnight the street is deserted.
THE ENEMIES
OF DREYFUS
Continued from First Pase.
bad spy," whom it was found necessary
to suppress.
M. Labor! asked the witness where he
knew Lajouz had offered to make revela
tions in the Dreyfus affair, and the wit
ness replied that Lajouz wrote tv the
Minister of War asking for assistance
and referring to the Dreyfus rase.
The clerk of the court read a letter
in which, after dwelling upon his services,
Lajoux said it was in consequence of
Henry's exactions that the spy filers baa
become an enemy instead of an ally. He
also described a conversation with Cuers,
in which Cuers declared _ reyf us had
never been heard of at army headquarters
in Berlin, and that on the news of the
arrest of Dreyfus, General Count yon
Waldersee summoned all the German
military attaches in Europe to Berlin,
and then declared that not one of them
had ever had relations with Dreyfus.
Cuers said that he himself had never
heard of Dreyfus. Lajoux then com
plain, d of his abandonment by the head
quarters staff and the measures taken
against him by officers of the Ministry of
War. He spoke of the promises of
Colonel Sandherr and Henry, who gave
him credit for the most of the success of
their work in the Intelligence Depart
ment. , ,
After the reading of this letter M. La
bor! inquired: "Can Lieutenant Colonel
Rollln tell how a man, regarded as a
rogue and a bad egg, is now receiving a
pension of 200 francs monthly".'"
Witness replied: "It is no doubt in
recognition of his previous services.
( Laughter).
Then M. Labor! asked if the witness as
sumed responsibility for the report of
November 30, 18H7. which was attributed
to a former military attache.
The Government rummissary. Major
Carriere, protested against this question,
saying it referred to affairs of state and
should not be answered except behind
closed doors.
M Labori pointed out that he had not
named anybody, and Lieutenant Colonel
Kollin replied that he had no knowledge
regar ling the transaction of the docu
ment in question.
M Labori called the attention of the
witness to the cautious nature of his re
ply, and asked him how the document
came into the possession of General
Mercier. General Mercier thought the
witness was not Justified in answering.
But 'n reply to further questions. Mercier
declared he took full responsibility lor
the translations submitted to the court.
Thereupon M. Labori pointed out that
when the document was produced. Gene
ral Mercier was no longer Minister ot
War, and asked what right he had to
have in his possession a document whicn
was a state secret. Mercier did not re
ply. Counsel tnen asked what right had
General Mercier to retain possession of
all documents in the secret dossier. Gene
ral Mercier was silent.
M. Labori— l am asking for the official
responsibility and I make note of th»i fact
that it is retuaed. 1 will reserve th-: nght
to take all the measures which 1 think
proper. (Sensation.)
Counsel added that he would later ask
Colonel Jouaust to recall General Mercier
and put numerous questions to him. 10
which, however, counsel added, he could
foresee Mercier would refute to reply.
(Prolonged sensation.)
Ferret a former secretary of the Minis
ter of War, who is alleged to have caught
Dreyfus prying into the work of some of
his fellow officers during their absence,
testified that toward the end of J893, on
returning from his lunch, at an hour the
officers were usually out, he found Drc-y
--fus in the Fourth Bureau, standing will; a
stranger, a civilian, at the table, consult
ing a document which seemed to the wit
ness to be connected with the transport
of troops.
M. Demange— Why did you not give this
evidence in 1594?
Witness said he regretted he had over
looked it. Besides, he added, it was not
his business to suspect his chiefs.
M. Demange— The court will form its
own opinions of this five years' silence.
M. Labori asked when the witness first
mentioned these facts.
Ferret— l do not remember. (Murmurs.')
M. Labori— Try. It. would be interesting
to have an explanation.
Ferret— lt was about a year ago.
The prisoner protested against such
statements which he said were nothing I
but "vile insinuations," collected by a
former Minister of War. (Great .sensa
tion.)
"I never went into my office," continued
Dreyfus, "at any other time than thf>
hours of duty. I declare it was impos
sible, or at least most difficult for a civil
ian to enter the office of the Ministry of
War."
At this juncture the clerk of the court
read a letter from M. Scheurer-Kestner,
excusing himself for being unable to at
tend the session of the court. The let
ter referred to the steps of Mathleu Drey
fus to secure the rehabilitation of his
brother, and described the writer's inves- \
tigations and how It was only when Es- j
terhazy's handwritfng was shown him !
that his hesitation ended. The letter also
described the moments of anguish the !
writer experienced during the course of j
the campaign and dwelt on the opinion ,
expressed in (he judgment of the Court of I
Cassation and the confessions of Ester- j
hazy that he was the writer of tho bor- I
dereau. In conclusion the letter said: :
"You will permit an old Alsatian, Mon
sleur Le President, to express the senti- !
ment that the hour of justice will soon j
strike in the Interest of the army and the i
country." (Great sensation.)
Replying to M. Demange, Bertin fur- I
ther explained his connection with
Scheurer-Kestner. At the maneuvers
that year witness .told General Billot of
the action M. Scheurer-Kestner was
talcing and the general replied: "Tell him !
not to do anything. I shall appeal to my j
old friend."
"I telegraphed to M. Scheurer-Kestner
accordingly," said Bertin, "for I could not
enter Alsace, the Germans having brti
tally forbidden me to go there."
M. Demange reminded the witness of a
remark he made to M. Ferdinand
Bcheurer-Kestner, namely: "There are
only tive of us' who know this terrible se
cret. One out of five must betray it be
fore you can know anything." Counsel
asked" if the secret was not that Dreyfus
was innocent.
M. Bertin— Oh, no.
M. Demange— According to the terms of
the conversation?
Lieutenant Colonel Bertin, energetically
—No, no, and I'll tell you- why. I never
concealed two things from the members
of the Scheurer-Kestner family. Firstly,
that M. Scheurer-Kestner would be doing
a great service if his efforts resulted in
establishing the innocence of a man who
has worn the uniform of a French officer.
Secondly, that I was convinced of the
guilt of Dreyfus. (Sensation.)
M. Demange— Did you not once make
the following remark: "This Jew was
thrust at headquarters and we had to get
rid of him?"
Lieutenant Colonel Bertin— No, never; I
absolutely deny it. When I was in the
War Office the Jewish question was never
raised. Dreyfus was regarded as a com
rade. I confided all my secrets to him ana
gave him the password of my locker. A i
number of my official reports were here,
read, unanimously recognizing' Dreyfus as
a brilliant officer who was anxious to suc
ceed. The reports of the headquarters'
staff alone cast imputations upon the ,
prisoner's character.
M. Labor] asked the court's leave, with
the permission of Lieutenant Colonel Ber
tin. to question the witness on a delicate
subject. He referred, continued counsel,
to a remark made by Bertin at a dinner
at which M. Labor! was present at the
house of a mutual friend a fortnight after
the degradation of Dreyfus.
"I have absolute confidence in the good ;
faith of Lieutenant Colonel Bertin,"
added M. Laborl, "and 1 am convinced
that if his recollections are exact enough I
he will not hesitate to reply."
Bertin asked the lawyer to mention the
name of the mutual friend who gave the j
dinner. Labori whispered the name and
the witness nodded assent.
M. Labori— Do you remember that you
were among the first to suggest to me
belief in the innocence of Dreyfus?
Bertin— No, no; it is impossible.
Labori— Does the witness remember that i
i during the course of the dinner he be- I
came excited in talking about Dreyfus?
The lieutenant colonel pointed out that j
the terms of intimacy which prevailed
at the dinner must be taken into account,
reminded M. Labori that he was an old
friend of his father and wondered whether
counsel was still the same man who,
taking the witness' hands* on the occasion
of the dinner, said, "I will never forget
what you have done for my father."
"I do not forget the words," said M.
Labori, his voice trembling at the recol
lections; "but I am referring specially to
the somewhat strong remarks you made
against Maitre Demange. I am not seek- I
ing to provoke a scene between Lieuten- i
ant Colonel Bertin and M. Demange. Did j
you not say to me when I spoke of Maitre
Demange's belief in the innocence of
Dreyfus: 'Demange, don't mention him.
He is counsel for the German embassy'?"
(Cries of "(>h. oh."j
"If I can remember I will reply. I am
here to tell the truth, and 1 will tell all |
I know. I am here for the truth, like i
you."
M. Labori— When I asked why you said I
that, you replied that M. Demange had
already defended other spies and that
he was an official defender.
Lieutenant Colonel Bertin admitted the j
truth of M. Laboris statements.
M. Labori— You should be sure regard-
Ing the intervention of Maitre Demange,
because a barrister of his standing is not
appointed officially unless there are im
portant reasons for it.
Counsel proceeded to relate how when
he left Lieutenant Colonel Bertin he dis
cussed the foregoing conversation with
his wife and wondered what security
could be found in the oath or judgment i
of men who believed things so ridiculous, i
"My belief in the innocence of Dreyfus," '
M. Labori added, "began that day. I give j
you my word of honor that Lieutenant
Colonel Bertin admitted he had a grudge
against M. Demange, saying it was be
cause he defended Dreyfus badly by per
sisting in making Dreyfus deny all the I
charges against him. Lieutenant Colonel ;
Bertin evidently thought Maitre Demange j
I ought to have joined with the others in
trying to convict Dreyfus."
Major Gondron was called to testify re
garding the Austrian woman, Mme. Deb/.
He said he had taken tea at her home on
a single occasion, and that he thereafter
confined himself to exchanging a few po
lite words with her when they m?t,
though the gallant officer asserted that
the lady urged his revisiting her house.
He thought that neither the age nor tho
beauty of the lady accounted for her I
stylish mode of dress, nor for the rays- |
tery of her existence, nor for the presence !
of her child, whose father was unkonvn
to all. This, it appears, told the witness \
that he was dealing with an adventuress, j
He heard that she had fine acquaintances. ;
including Dreyfus, and in view of the fact ;
I that in such companionship Dreyfus was
! liable to commit some imprudent action !
[ witness informed Lieutenant Colonel Ber- ;
| tin of his fears.
The last witness of the day. Captain
Maistre, read a letter from an officer now
at Nantes affirming that while he was on j
the general slaff as a probationer at the
same time as Dreyfus the latter told the
officer of his visit to Alsace-Lorraine, and j
!i< •;nited why he had followed the Ger
man maneuvers nn foot and on horse
back. This was intended to show Drey
fus was not telling the truth when he de
nied not having been present at any time
at the maneuvers at Alsace-Lorraine.
Another part of Captain Maistre's cvi- I
dence proved to be in favor of Dreyfus.
In contradiction of other witnesses who
declared that Dreyfus frequently staved
late in the office prying into other ofll
rets" duties Maistre declared that Dreyfus i
was disinclined to work and left often I
before the regular time.
Tho prisoner in the tone nf the calm
moderation which to-day distinguished
his utterances replied to Captain Malstre's
allegations and added with reference to
M. Beaurepaire's accusations that the hit
ter's immorality would ere long be dem
onstrated before the court-martial. The
court then rose for the daw
LABORI ON HAND
FOR TO-DAY'S SESSION
Proceedings Open With the Taking of >
the Testimony of Two Minor
Witnesses. ■'.
RENNES. Aug. 23.— The third session of
the third week of the second trial by I
court-martial of Captain Alfred Dreyfus
on a charge of treason began at the Lvce^
at 6:30 this morning. Maitre Labor! aad
Mmf. Labori were present. The session
opened with the testimony of minor wit
nesses, Roy and Dr. Evelle. The latter
deposed that Dreyfus while with the gen
eral staff could have access to documents
unperceived during certain hours of the
day. Captain Dreyfus, replying, admitted
that he was present during these hours
but explained that his presence was con
nected with his duties.
» .
Not Infernal Machines.
RENIs ES. Atiß. 22.— M. Labori received
to-day what were believed to have }>«p-i
two infernal machines. When examine"!
they were found to be harmless.
Montana Troops Delayed.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.-General Otis
cables from Manila that the sailing of the
Zealandia ami Valencia, with Montana
troops and discharged men on board, has
been arrested by a prevailing typhoon.
but that they will leave to-day
An interesting place to visit, Gump's New-
Art Rooms, 113 Geary st. •
44 One Year s Seeding,
Nine Years' Weeding."
c^Cegleded impurities in your blood tvill
sotv seeds of disease of tvhich you may
never get rid. If your blood is even the
least bit impure, do not delay, but take
Hood's Sarsaparilla at once. In so doing
there is safety; in delay there is danger.
Be sure to get only Hood's, because
MISCELLANEOUS.
DERANGEMENTS OF
THE STOMACH
Dyspeptic and Catarrhal Affeo
tions Which Terminate in
Consumption
One of the most distressing ailments ta
which the human frame is subject Is dys-
pepsia. Creeping upon the victim silently
and scarcely without warning it soon
gains complete control, and after years of
unto'd agony the disorders generated
thereby develop into that most fatal of all
maladies— consumption.'
The failure of the stomach to digest
the food properly is the primary cause of
dyspepsia. Sick headaches, palpitations
of the heart, bilious attacks and other
disorders due to the impoverishment of
the blood then ensue. Lastly .come ca-
tarrhal, throat, bronchial and lung affec-
tions, which waste the frame, embitter
happiness and finally destroy life.
Dr." Tanner, the well-known English
author, says that "a dyspeptic stomach
is an .Unmistakable symptom of tubercu-
losis or consumption." It will be seen,
therefore, how necessary i; la to -combat
this terrible disease In its incipient stages
in order to avert the catastrophe which
follows neglect, no matter from what
cause.
In the treatment of catarrhal, throat,
bronchial and all Jung affections which
accompany dyspepsia Dr. Aborn is an
authority whose success has been phe-
nomenal. His practice now extends to
many States of the Union and numerous
cures accomplished by tneahi of corre-
spondence stand to his credit. It is only
I. :ssary for those who cannot call per-
BOnatty to describe the symptoms and
write to Dr. Aborn at »4 Sutter street,
San Francisco, and he will do th«
The strictest confidence in every instance
may be relied upon.
Dr. Aborn's office and residence is 554
Sutter street. Hours, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4.
Evenings, 7 to 8.
J^gjSSP^- \ CANCER
f^ and TUMORS
JP ■ vJW^ *»** *»fi» ' cured. No knif?»
fgS ': ' §Js| pay until cured.
VI £S A **» I wl " deposit
•a -is*-' <v*»^ 4T"V^ $IOCKi in any
*Bitp?&isfr l i o^^^- bank to Ruar-
\'* -~* f *^S^- tF^ cancer without
¥ I '<mj'' any danger.
ft d I**// Twenty - eight
I j&t.-4L. ■&. '>-/ years' . experi-
I «<^is3il,% 1 f^ ence. Lady at-
-1 ■TißSSStiXil'i- I tendant in of-
\ *SW'r*c!«2!s" B J ' flee. One thou-
V -■iss£&i& /[ 6and cancers in
\ jf A alcohol T h g
■Jj. ,//$$ tL v ■ poor cured free.
J <^ / JCTw Woman's
breast and
Vi^^ common places
t»§Ss\ "»**Wi\'W W^ of the whole
V.A'.uv.v.Sk * \ Vi -.-n human body for
cancers. ANY LUMP IN A WOMAN'S
BREAST re CANCER. They always poison
the glands in the armpit. When cancer In
the armpit gets large cure is impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With addresses and testimonials of thousands
I have cured in California.
S. R. GHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., SF.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
tC7"Send this to some one with cancer.
COFVRI6NT I*'. 1 ' — «^-.-.««r.r»v.«^
NO CHANCE
FOR ARGUMENT
there will be when you compare our
laundry work with that done any-
where else in this town. We strive
to excel and not to rival, and we do it.
Shirts, collars and cuffs are done up
in a manner that defies competition.
Our laundry work is artistic and
beautiful in its faultless color and
finish. "No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
i A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE! |
fcji gfrm On account of ' -v!ng B
M JBtM. closed up my Sacra- H
Ef ?W mento branch store I ij
ta %'ji offer to my patrons and H
H jffcak. the public in jfeneral R
H jHsgllJlpfc SfiOGO worth of woolens. M
Wi MSmmm. which I wish to turn into El
P3 ' gg&MmA cash before my fall and R
m JKi|H winter stock comes In. tj
S mrSplsßtw See prices in the window. g
I l|9r JOE PO Hr IM> 1
THE TAILOR.
M aiBW 201-203 Montgomery st.. M
H P&Hm 1110-1 112 Market at.. U
H el m San Francisco. tj
y jj W 1011 Washington st., rj
H »|<^A 143' South Spring st.. fj
H aif Lob Angelea. Cal. g
J-%. "Hi. 'Ifc. "Tl> "% -^.>^^/^ "*.
VISIT DR JORDAN'S great, i
'MUSEUM OF ANATOMY.
i CD 1051 ST. tot. S.P.Cd. i
W HT The Lair"' AnatomiMl Muwum in the \
i World Weaknesses or any cuntrscted g
T &£?£ Sb disease p^«i«i»«-ly cur«-«l hy the oldest T
■ I SSI Specialism the Co«M. Est. 36ye:ns- 4 I
J im§\ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ ><CARkM Coasutwtion free and strirtlir private. \
i I ySwIP Tr«i:mrnt personally or by letter. A §
f I iff nil Post,,, Cur«m every case undertaken. T
ASi f am ■■ i*h: i. os is i'n v cf A
9 • ( T MllnnnGE. MAILED FKEE. |AT
\ I I valuable book for mra> -' i
7 »B. JORDAN A «<>., 'Ml Market St., S. F. 9
D^ <|| % "f|i "1 ~Tti 'Th T> Tfc 11> Ifc Q
iMfcri VB ITMLOBT VSGOR, '
tmmi AND MANHOOD
Cures Irapotencv Night Emission: and wasting
diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess di
indiscretion. A nervMonic and blood'builder.
Brings the pink glow to pal« hecks and it*
stores the are of youth. By aiail 500 ?«•
ton 6 boxes fcr $2.50: with a written
guarantee to cure or refund uk money.
Atntta mrfliv-a! Co., eHntoe « 3<:cbsos! sits., ebfcsg?,
E. I*. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S.F.
| |wvvvvvvvv:/vvvvwvwwwvvw{
I A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
i ' ■■"id Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 (
1 1 days ;no other treatment required. 5
■ C ' Sold by all druggists. >
lC ?PATENTsf aI
a - , ™*^ 0 d IT! H A.J9
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM lAN A BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•tresstb to sexual organ*. Depot. 223 li&rtuuBOERS MAKE COUNTER
PROPOSALS TO ENGLAND
Ready to Grant Minor Concessions If Great
Britain Will Cease Her Interference.
PRESIDENT KRUGER AND HIS MARBLE LIONS.
' ihe linns that Barney Barnato presented to Mr. Kruger no doubt yield the President that dally reminder of
British might which Mr. Barnato probably intended. Anyway. Barney Barnato's gift contributes a pleasing irony to
the present situation."— Extract from the London Illustrated News
PRETORIA. Ausr. 22.— 1t is ascertained on the highest authority that no definite reply has been sent to the
osal of the British Secretary of State for the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain, to submit to a joint commit
tee of inquiry the effect on the Outlanders of the recent franchise reforms. The precise situation is that, as
a result of tho pourparlers, a communication was dispatched yesterday to Sir Alfred Milner, British
High Commissioner in South Africa and Governor of Cape Colony, which embodies certain alternative pro
posals. For various reasons these are kept strictly confidential, but it is believed that they will admit of the con
n of a modus vivendi.
It is understood, from official sources of information, that the alternative proposals of the Transvaal Govern
ment are'for a' five years' franchise and one-fifth representation of the Outlanders in the first Raad, provided the
imperial Government does n>->t further interfere in the internal affairs of the Transvaal.
< >tTicial circles at present regard the situation as tending- to improve. The war ammunition consigned to the
South African republic is still detained by the Portuguese authorities in Delagoa Bay.
The Government of the Transvaal has received a communication from the Governor of Lourenzo Marques rela
tive to the stoppage of arms, to the effect that Portugal's obligations to all nations, including Great Britain, require
nforcement of the Transvaal-Portuguese treaty, and, as an unsatisfactory explanation existed as to the trans
ition of the arms, they were stopped at Delagoa Bay until the terms of the treaty are complied with, though
no doubt, the matter will ultimately be arranged satisfactorily. The Transval Government regards the communica
tion as "extremely vague."
LONDON, Augr. 22. — A Parliamentary paper dealing with the Transvaal crisis was issued to-day. It details
the efforts of the Boer Government during the past year to have the question of the suzerainty of Great Britain
submitted to arbitration and Great Britain's refusal to discuss this basic point. The document adds that Sir Al
fred Mflner. Governor of Cape Colony and High Commissioner of South Africa, writing to Mr. Chamberlain, the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, last June, said:
"The way in which the Secretary of State juggles with the convention of ISB4 Is rather irritating to a plain
man."
The final dispatch from Chamberlain, dated July 13, 1899. to Sir Alfred Milner, concurs with the latter*s views
as to the untenable Transvaal contention, adding that the British Government had no intention to continue to dis
cuss the question of suzerainty with the Transvaal.
The Johannesburg correspondent of the Daily Mail says: "The situation here is all the more alarming on ac
count of the great stagnation of trade, which causes acute distress to the small storekeepers and their employes."
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 22. — In the Cape Assembly to-day Cecil Rhodes, referring to the Transvaal question, said:
"No, there will be no bloodshed. President Kruger, like a sensible man, will climb down. The less the Cape
Colony is concerned in the quarrel the better."
'■ ntinuing, Mr. Rhodes said it was certain the Transvaal would become an English-speaking community,
and the Uitlanders, being in a vast majority, would form a government in keeping with their views. He expressed
the hope that the settlement would be fair, and that the Cape Colony would let the imperial Government deal
with the matter. It is rumored here also that the Boers intend to attempt a coup to obtain forcible possession of
the ammunition detained by the Portuguese.
JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 22.— The field cornets are busy distributing Mausers and ammunition to the burgh
ers. The exodus of miners continues.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 22.— The Jamaican Government has offered a contingent of 300 native militia for
the support of the white troops ordered hence for service in the Transvaal. Wonderful enthusiasm has been
manifested in regard to enlistment for service in South Africa. When volunteers were called for an entire regiment
* responded.
PORTO RICANS ARE
SUFFERING GREATLY
General Davis CaDles a Report Upon
Their Condition to the War
Department.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— A cable
dispatch has been received at the Wai
Department from General Davis grivinu
the details of the conditions in Porto
Rico. He places the number of killed
HUDYAN RELIEVES
•Srl Pa, .'■'-,-
-i m\ 1^ , .
y- r ST n
B«^aup« Hudyan establishes perfect, digestion.
Fiomach trouble Is deceiving, for symptoms
arise that are remote from ■ the «-at of dis-
order, and often mislead one as to the true
nature at the malady.
. The numbers will enable you to diagnose your
own case correctly. Have you frequent head-
aches or dizzy spells, Fig: 1; thin and pale face.
Fig. 2; coated tongue. Fig. S: palpitation or
Irregular fluttering of heart. Fig. 4; pain or j
Foreness in stomach, or bloating. Fig. 5? Are j
you weak, nervous, tired out and weary? Are i
you troubled with sleeplessness, costiveness or
loss of appetite? If you suffer with any of
these symptoms "take HUDYAN." for these
Bymptoms irfdleate stomach trouble, and HUD-
YAN is a positive and permanent cure.'
Indigestion; Dyspepsia, Catarrh of Stomach,
Constipation- and I>tver Trouble are quickly
cured by the great HUDYAN. HUDYAN
_. .*. cures because ' It ,
T strengthens ail the i
MEN AND little glands that are
WOMfc-N concerned In ,ihe. di- ;
AD VISED gestion of food, and I
p-oc-i-- i stimulates them to!
rail nr Write perfect activity.
Call or write, I n dy a N cures I
■4- — — — — "♦ those old chronic
cases of stomach trouble when all other reme-
dies ill. This has been demonstrated time
and again.. HUDYAN.' gives health and
strength, a splendid appetite and a perfect
digestion. Hudyan Is for men and women.
HUDYAN-. Is for sale by druggists— We a
package, or six packages for 12 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
Fend direct to the HUDYAN i:KMKI>Y CO., ;
cor Stockton, Ellis and Market 6ts., San Fnn-
cisco, Cal. \
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS j
ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL. OR WRITE. . ■ V I
at 1000 and reiterates his estimate of .
100,000 destitute.
General Davis says: "Rations from I
Neuvitas may be unloaded in quaran
tine, but it seems to me supplies can
easier come from the States, the fear
of yellow fever from Cuba making ex
tra precautions necessary. The press |
reports that the Porto Ricans refused
to discharge relief supplies without
double pay are untrue. The MacPher-
B D arrived Saturday afternoon and un
loading proceeded Sunday morning.
The dock hands refused to work with
out the customary Sunday pay. The sol
diers of the Porto Rican Battalion vol
unteered to take their places, but the
longshoremen returned to work when
they learned the nature of the supplies
on board and unloading was completed
by them. Some refused any pay what- |
ever. Their original strike was due to i
a misapprehension. The stories that i
laborers in the interior refused to work |
because they are to be fed by the Gov
ernment is principally sensational talk ,
and hysterical. I can solve that mat- J
ter easily, as no issues will be made to j
those able to work unless they do so. |
The cargo of the MacPherson has been i
forwarded to the distributing centers !
and part was issued yesterday even
ing. In a few limited areas the coffee
is half safe. In the remaining areas the |
crop is almost totally ruined and the j
trees so injured that next year's crop
will not exceed 50 per cent of the aver
age. Bananas furnished one-half the
food and sweet potatoes, beans, rice,
corn and yams, all of which are grown
here, supplied the other half to 50 per
cent of the inhabitants. All the ba
nanas, beans, rice and corn are de
stroyed and half the potatoes. I now
estimate over 1000 are dead and 100.000
hunery. one-half this number being
homeless. Hunger will increase rather
than diminish for many weeks."
JAPANESE BATTLE
WITH FORMOSANS
Many Killed on Both Sides and |
Houses of Peasants De
stroyed.
VICTORIA, B. C, A ur. 22.— Ad tlcps
reached here this evening by the steamer
Kinshiu Maru, whfch left Yokohama on
August S, of a sanguinary fight between
Formosan soldiers who were returning |
from Arping and the Japanese garrison
nouns at Keelung.
A Torpeh dispatch to the Japan Adver
tiser says the soldiers fought for several
hours and considerable blood wan shed.
Details of the battle were not obtainable,
but, the correspondent said, it was report
ed that ten Japanese and thirty-one For
mosans were killed. Sixty houses belong
ing to Formosan peasants were demol
ished during the fracas.
More Gold From Alaska.
SEATTLE, Aug. 22.— The Humboldt ar
rived from Alaska fhis evening with
about 200 Klondikers. Joe H. Hestwood
of this city brought down 500 pounds of
gold dust, one-third of the clean-up of
mines owned by an Eastern syndicate, of
which Mr. Heetwood is manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
L. H. VAN SICKLEN
FIRED AT A DEER
Was Let Off With a Light
Fine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. Aug. 22.— When it be
came known to-day that L,. H.Van Sick
len of the firm of Dodge. Sweeney &
Co., a wealthy member of the Country
Club, was arrested yesterday on a
charge of breaking the new Marln
County game ordinance, a sensation
was created. Not only was surprise
manifested on account of Van Sick
len's wealth and social position, but the
Country Club, of which he is a member,
was directly responsible for the enac
tion of the new game ordinance, and it
was hardly thought possible that an in
fluential member of that organization
would be among the first to violate the
law.
For some reason or other, the affair
is shrouded in mystery. The warrant
charging Van Sicklen with shooting at
a deer on the county roads was sworn
to by Thomas Irving, a deputy under
Game Warden Robertson", before Jus
tice George Rodden. Not an entry was
made in the Justice's docket, and When
questioned about it he flew into a fu
rious passion, even denying that the
warrant of arrest had been served. To
a friend Rodden admitted that Van
Sicklen had been fined the minimum i
penalty of $20, because he was a partic
ular friend.
Justice Rodden is of late being crit
icized in all quarters for imposing the
lightest fines in cases of cruelty to ani
mals for the alleged reason that he is
at outs with the society. Secretary
Case asserts that the Justice is serious
ly handicapping the society, and that
a meeting will be held In the near fu
ture to determine what course to pursue
in regard to his hostile attitude. The
method mapped out is to give all cases
of cruelty to animals to Recorder Gard
ner.
OPPOSED TO BURNS.
Bulla'g Firm Stand on the Senatorial
Question.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— Senator Rob
ert N. Bulla, when interrogated to-day
regarding the story told in San Francisco
to the effect that in the event of an extra
hession every Los Angeles member of the
Legislature 1b pledged to go into caucus
on the Senatorship. said:
"I cannot of course speak for any one
else, but so far as I am concerned there
is one man in the L,os Angeles delegation
who will not go Into caucus and who will
never vote for D. M. Burns."
INSURGENTS
HARASS THE
AMERICANS
Four Hours' Combat in the
Intrenehments at
Angeles.
NEWSWMNSOREDj
! General Otis Prevented the Sending
of Detailed Accounts of the
Fighting. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Aug. 19. via Hongkong i
Aug. 22.— The Filipino rebels
appear to retain much more of
a fighting spirit than might be
expected after their recent San I
Fernando experiences and General ,
Lawton's drubbings in the south. After ;
! giving up San Fernando with a feeble j
! struggle they intrenched themselves at j
Angeles, working for several days and
impressing non-combatants into the !
\ work, thus saving the armed men for j
the fighting. They engaged Lieutenant j
Colonel Smith's regiment and the artil- '<
■ lery warmly for four hours, making one !
of the most stubborn resistances of the '
: campaign. But the Americans are in
deb ted to the usual poor marksmanship
;of the Filipinos, as well as their own '■
', strategy, for their small losses.
In the province of Cavite, where it
was supposed the rebels had been scat
i tered and demoralized beyond recuper
i ation, they have assembled an army of
several thousand men, distributed
among the important towns from the
lake to the bay.
After the San Fernando engagement
the rebels attempted to deter the Amer- ;
icans from a further advance north
ward by menacing the railroad commu
nications. Several hundred of General j
Pio del Pilur's men crossed the Rio
Grande between the American outpost
towns and threatened Baluig, Quingui
and other places with small American
garrisons, while during Sunday and
Monday nights smaller bands tried to
tear up the railroad tracks at several
points between Bigam and Malolos. i
Reinforcements of American troops.
however, were I <-nt along the railroad
from Manila to San Fernando, while
the forces at Haluig and Quingui sal
lied out against General Pio del Pilar's
men and the rebels were easily driven
away.
In brushes between the Filipinos and j
the Americans during three days the '
Americans lost Beveral men, while the
Filipinos' loss was heavy.
<>f these operations the Associated
Press correspondents were permitted
only to send an inadequate dispatch,
dictated verbatim by Major General
Otis. The censor writes stereotyped of
ficial phrases and adjectives into the
dispatches, tending to magnify thd
American operations and to minimize
the opposition. General Otis pays the
newspapers are not public institutions j
but private enterprises, and the cor
respondents are only here on suffer
ance.
All reports from the rebel territory
agree that the .scarcity of food is in
creasing, and that the rebel com
manders at Aparty and other points
refused to obey Aguinaldo's orders in
regard to closing the ports held by the
rebels against American ships, and say
that any ship bringing stores will be
welcomed. Several ships from Manila j
are now at these ports.
Hundreds of people come into Manila !
daily and return to the rebel lines with
I food and other commodities. The
| guards stationed along the road re
! ported that 5000 persons passed
through the lines in three days, and
that forty-five tons <>f rice were car- '
ried out in small parcels on the same
road in ten days. Much of this un- j
doubtedly goes to aid the rebels, but
the authorities permit this traffic for
motives of charity toward the women
and children, who are undoubtedly
suffering.
General Mac Arthur is establishing
municipal governments in the villages !
north of Manial. The Mayor of Ba
luig, the first town where General '
Lawton established the same rule, who
was supposed to be one of the most
friendly and trustworthy of the na
tives, has been placed in jail, charged !
with arranging with the rebels for an
attack on the town.
The American troops have been with
drawn from all that part of the coun- j
try which was half cleared of rebels in '■
the expedition of the Americans in i
June last. The rebels have returned *o i
Pan Mateo, which was abarfdoned for >
the third time after its recent capture.
It is alleged that more than half the j
Howitzer ammunition used during the j
fight at Angeles was defective and
failed to explode.
MERRITT TO REPRESENT
THE AMERICAN ARMY
Will Have Charge of Military Prep
arations for the Reception
of Dewey.
■WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— 1n the ap- I
proaching ceremonies connected with >
the return of Admiral Dewey to the j
United States, Major General Merritt !
will represent the United States army. \
Formal instructions to General Merritt ;
to arrange with the New York commit- '
tee for the participation of the service j
in the ceremonies will doubtless be is- j
sued upon the return of Secretary Root
from Lake Champlain.
Just to what extent the participation
will be cannot be stated definitely by j
the department, but if troops should be \
desired for a parade, undoubtedly i
orders to bring about such participation
will be issued by General Merritt. It
will also be the duty of General Merritt
to give necessary instructions to the
commanding officers of forts along the I
bay to salute the admiral and the
Olympia as she comes toward the port
of New York and a salute in return will j
be fired by the warship.
No Information has been received j
from Admiral Sampson relative to the
programme he is preparing for the re
ception of the admiral, and Captain |
Evans has not as yet consulted with i
the admiral and the New York commit- !
tee, so far as known here, with refer- j
ence to the navy's participation in the j
ceremonies. The department expects to I
receive Admiral Sampson's recommen
dations and Captain Evans' report in
ample time to issue necessary orders.
LAWTON IS SANGUINE.
Believes the End of the Insurrection
Is in Sight.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— "1 believe
that the end of the organized opposition •
to the authority of the United States is !
now In sight, and that before this reaches j
you peace will be assured.
Major General Lawton makes this sigr
nlflcant statement in a letter received j
MANY CONTESTANTS
FOR OFFICE IN THE
GRAND COUNCIL
Second Day's Session Largely
Taken Up With the Hearing
of Annual Reports.
f*\ ANT A CRUZ, Aug. 22.— There is to
Sbe a hot fight for the grand offi
cers of the Young Men's Institute
y^J this year, and the aspirants are
doing much •wire pulling.
For grand president the contest is be
tween Judge St. Sure and Anthony
Schwamm of Los Angeles; for grand
first vice president, L. E. Mahon of i
Eureka; grand second vice president, j
D. J. O'Leary of San Francisco No. 3; ;
grand treasurer, the incumbent, j
William T. Aggeler of San Jose, and |
William H. Gillespie of San Francisco; ;
grand marshal, M. Newbauer of No. 310, '
San Francisco, E. J. Sweeney of Liver- j
more and P. J. Murphy of Crockett; j
grand inside sentinel, Dan Hallahan £>f
Oakland, T. J. Horan of San Francisco; j
grand outside sentinel, Fred H. Dunne '•
of San Francisco; grand directors, H. j
E. Berg of Marysville, Dr. C. A. Glover j
of San Francisco and Antone Pilovich j
of San Francisco.
At the exemplification of the new
ritual just adopted by the Supreme j
Grand Council the following delegates j
will officiate as officers:- Phil Lawior, j
D. J. O'Leary, T. J. Horan. John C. !
Riley, Antone Pilovich, F. J. Driscoll, |
George M. Kelly. E. J. Dollard, Rev. J. !
ivi. Gieason, Harry Pinkham, K. A. Mil- i
ler, E. K. Myrick, Dr. C. A. Glover, M.
J. Newbauer, Ed M. O'Donnell, D. J.
Powers.
The committee on resolutions ap- j
pointed this morning was Rev. F. J. !
Clifford, Frank D. Ryan, A. F. St. Sure,
S. R. O'Keefe, Frank D. Pine.
Committee on laws and supervision,
T. E. Collins, John Riley, P. Prince
valle, J. D. Mahoney, Henry Kugleburg.
The Grand Council of the Young I
Men's Institute convened this afternoon ;
at 1 o'clock. The entire afternoon was
spent in debating amendments to the j
constitution.
J. W. McNally of Petaluma was ap
pointed grand director in place of
Henry Kugelburg, absent.
William T. Aggeler, grand treasurer,
reported as follows: Receipts, $4531 6'j;
disbursements, J5534 15.
The report of the grand directors was
full of interest. They have prepared a !
revised constitution which will be com- ;
pleted and delivered to subordinate
councils soon after adjournment.
During the year every effort was j
REED RETIRES
FROM CONGRESS
AUGUSTA, Me., Aug. 22.— The
resignation of Thomas B. Reed
as Congressman in the First
Maine District was received by
Governor Powers to-day. The
resignation is to take effect Sep
tember 4, and it has been accept
ed by Governor Powers.
Mr. Reed's letter was as fol
lows:
PORTLAND. Me.
To the Governor of Maine, Au
gusta, Me.: I hereby resign the po
sition of member of Congress from
the" First District of Maine, to take
effect on this date (September 4).
Very truly yours, T. B. REED.
here Since the advices of six weeks ago
from General Otis, indicating that he was
In correspondence with Fiiipino leaders,
looking to the lading down of their arms,
nothing of an official character has been
received; and as General Lawton a letter
is dated July 12 ho perhaps referred to
the negotiations concerning which Otis
cabled, and also to the purpose of this
Government to increase its force in the
Pnillppines and push the war as soon as
the dry season begins.
AMERICAN LOSSES.
General Otis Cables a List of the Re
cent Casualties.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— General Otis
reported to-day by cable the following ad
ditional casualties:
Killed near Angeles— Twelfth Infantry,
August 16, Company C, Musician Edward
S Boatright. John P. Brooks; Company
D Edward Householder; 19th, Company
I 'First Lieutenant Alfred W. Drew.
'Wounded at San Fernando— Hospital
Corps 9th George W. Greenwell, head,
moderate; Thirty-sixth Infantry, Com
pany X John G. Tahl, foot, slight;
Twenty-second Infantry, near San Luis,
12th Company D, James O'Connell, leg,
slight; Twelfth Infantry, near Angeles,
ltitn First Lieutenant William a. \> v-
Uams eye, severe; Company D, Charles
C Knigtuon, arm, slight; Company (.
Corporal Frank J. Raft, foot, slight:
Henry Malcesus, elbow, severe; Fred
Piteieer leg moderate: Company D. carl
Henmings. hand, severe: Jordan Roger*,
lee slight; Ansel F. Ware, arm, moder
ate; Company 11, William I. Messien
heimer. arm, moderate; Company M, Al
bert Irvin, abdomen, severe; Louis R.
Stroup, forearm, slight; 18th, Company D,
Musician Milton Rodder, leg, slight; Lorn-
Sony E Stephen Braddish, forearm,
BUght; 19th, Company H, First Lieutenant
William Uline. neck, severe. , o^^
<U Bacolor, 16th, Company X, Quarter
master Sergeant Fred S. Beach, thigh,
Moderate; First Washington near San
Peiim Macati ISth, Company X, Corporal
Otis L. Denny, chest, severe; Twenty
third Infantry, near Guadalupe. Cebu,
l"th Company I. Second Lieutenant Alex
f. McNabb Jr., scalp, slight.
WADE SENTENCED TO
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
Gillespie's Slayer Pleads Guilty to
Murder in the Second
Degree.
HONOLULU. Aug. 13.-George Wade,
the cook of the steamer Australia wnn
murdered William Gillespie, was allowed
to plead guilty on a charge of murder in
the second degree.
He was sentenced to serve a lire im
prisonment by Judge Stanley This was
a surprise to the defendant and his attor
ney as well as to the prosecution, for it
was thought the sentence would be for
twenty years only.
The court made a lengthy address in
delivering his sentence, reviewing the case
fully from beginning to end. He drew at
tention to the fact that Wade had Fhot
Gillespie a second time after he was down,
and had also tired at others, including Of
licer Harry Evans. The case was a par
ticularly provoking one arid called for the
greatest penalty the law could give.
Wade was taken at once from the court
room to Oahu Prison. During the reading
of the sentence Wade seemed cool, but
when the words "for life" were pro
nounced he evinced nervousness and al
most broke down.
Had the prisoner been given twenty
years commutation for good conduct
would have reduced his time to about
thirteen years.
Badger at Portland.
PORTLAND, Aup. 22. — The T'nit?d
States auxiliary cruiser Banger arrived
here to-day from San Francisco. She will
start on a cruise with the Oregon Naval
Militia next Friday.
made to improve the condition of the
councils. Santa Barbara Council did
not respond to the efforts made and
the council was suspended November
7, 189S, and was later dissolved by the
Supreme Council. Golden State Coun
cil No. 115 of Haywards has struggled
through adversities. Acting upon as
surances of the board of favorable ac
tion the council set to work in earnest
and gives promise of renewed and vig
orous life. A third council was organ
ized at Los Angeles on July 20. Efforts
to organize at Berkeley, Suisun, Wood
land and Auburn were ineffectual. At
the present time a movement toward
organization in the Richmond District,
San Francisco, and ' in St. Peter and
St. Paul parish, San Francisco, is being
fostered.
At the request of Supreme President
Kierce authorization was given for the
organization of detached councils in
Arizona, Utah and New Mexico. As a
result a detached council is now in ex
istence at Flagstaff, Ariz. Investiga
tions made as to conditions at Hanford,
Madera, Bakersfield and Porterville
show that while said localities should
in time offer opportunity for organiza
tion the present outlook is not such as
to promise success.
J. J. O'Toole, president of the lecture
bureau, reports that forty-five councils
have complied with the law in having
arranged and held their annual lec
tures.
At 5:30, after the adjournment of the
Grand Council, carriages were in wait-
Ing and the grand officers and the offi
cers of the local council enjoyed a drive
along the cliffs, through Twin Lakes to
the beautiful Catholic summer resort,
Santa Maria del Mar.
Here they were the guests at dinner
of Mrs. Margaret Deane, grand presi
dent of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety, and Miss Mary' Thompson, man
ager of the hotel for the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society. The dinner was
an elaborate one and a social hour was
spent around the tables.
After dinner a social and informal
time was spent in the parlors of the
hotel with the guests, many of whom
are prominent officers and workers in ;
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society and '■
the Young Ladies' Institute throughout
the State.
Officers will be elected Thursday and
the place of meeting for the next Grand
Council selected. The majority of the
delegates at present favor San Fran
cisco as the next meeting place.
i
FOUNDING A NEW
TOWN IN ALASKA
Claus Spreckels Buys a
Fishery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Aug. 22.— Ketchikan, Alas-
I ka, advices received to-day state that
thirty miles from there, on Prince of
Wales Island, there will soon be a new
town and one likely to be of some im
portance. Claus Spreckels has bought
the fishery at that point and has ar
rived with the first of the men and ma
terial which will lead to the building
of the town. The first step will be the
construction of large fish guano works,
similar, but on a far larger scale, to
those at Killisnoo. Two steamers have
! been engaged to carry the product di-
I rect to Hawaii, where there is a lucra
tive market for it.
Already an application has been made
for a Postoffice, the long distance and
; the rough passage to Ketchikan being !
a great inconvenience to a large num
ber of miners now working on the is
| land. One hears a great deal of Ketchi
| kan recently as a mining center, but
the fact is there are no mines there;
they are on Prince of Wales Island and
at Helm Bay. Marcus Daly's expert is
now at Ketchikan to look up rich cop
per propositions at those two points.
It is believed the next Congress will
I consent to open at least part of Annette
Island to mineral location. Missionary !
Duncan and his Indian settlers are !
making no use whatever of the exceed
ingly rich mineral deposits of the is
land and it is believed the right to lo
cate mining clams there may be fenced i
around with such restriction that it
will in no way interfere with mission
ary work.
The sole industry of the Indians is
comprised in the large cannery. It is
said a bill has already been drawn for
submission to Congress, to which Mr.
Duncan could take no possible excep
tion. In that case Mr. Spreckels' nt-w
town, as the center of a rich quartz '
mining district, is likely to grow sud
denly to a city of importance.
FRANK H. TAGGART
DIES IN LOS ANGELES
| Well-Known Liquor Salesman Sud
denly Expires, Presumably
From Heart Failure.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 22.— Frank H.
I Taggart, one of the best known liquor
i salesmen in Southern* California, was
found dead in bed this morning at a
lodging-house, where he had been liv
ing since his return from Arizona about
a month ago. :■;•■:•
Of late Taggart had been drinking
i heavily, but three or four days ago he !
I quit the use of liquor and said that. he i
■ intended to straighten up. Last night
! about 10 o'clock he was taken with a
j severe chill and asked the landlord to
j get him some . whisky and quinine, !
; which he did. After drinking the j
whisky, Taggart said he felt better and
was then left alone in his room.
Nothing was heard from Taggart
during the night, and this morning,
when he did not get up at his ( usual
time, the landlord made an investiga
tion and discovered the dead body. As \
i Taggart had always had more or less j
j trouble with his heart, it is supposed i
'■ that death resulted from that cause, i
: Taggart was 33 years of age. He leaves !
j a widow and one child in San Fran
! cisco. . r .
» i •»
A STAGE IS BOBBED.
Highwaymen Ta.ce $5000 From an
Unfortunate Passenger.
DILLON. Mont.. Aug. 22.— The stage
between Salmon City and Red Rock was
held up yesterday a half mile inside the I
Idaho line, eighty miles from here, by
four men. H. T. Heilnein. manager of the !
| dredge company working on the old Mc-
Nutt property near Salmon City. Idaho. '■
was a passenger. He had more than $5000 i
I In gold dust, which he was bringing to •
\ Dillon. The robbers took it. The robbers .'
; then mounted horses which were con- '
| cealed in the timber and escaped. Sheriff !
j Pile and Deputy Stoler have left for Ban- j j
1 nock in pursuit.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UsT
HW RFIII
nOUU ILUi
That's the universal verdict of
ALL who have taken time to Inves-
tigate our company, its plans and
prospects. You who haven't had
time to come and look into it, let
us tell you WHY the hundreds who
have investigated have come in
with us. Perhaps you may do the
same.
BECAUSE No. I
■ WE HAVE 2000 ACRES, THE
LARGEST HOLDI GS OF ANY IN-
DIVIDUAL COMPANY. RIGHT IN
THE ACKNOWLEDGED OIL BELT
OF CALIFORNIA, "the Great Pa-
noche." a belt that is producing
wells of 1000 barrels a day and
which, in the opinion of every ex
pert who has been over it, will rival
the oil fields of the world as a for-
tune : maker.
BECAUSE No. 2
The company is incorporated with
a capital stock sufficient to guaran-
tee the ■•, carrying of the project
through to success. It will not
mean the sinking of a- well or two
and if oil is not struck the aban-
donment of work from lack or
money. THE Rc^uURCES OF THt
COMPANY ARE SUFFICIENT TO
GUARANTEE THE SINKING OF
WELLS UNTIL SOMEWHERE
ON OUR 2000 ACREo A PRO-
DUCER iS TAPPED.
BECAUSE No. 3
Sufficient stock has been placed in
the treasury of the company to off- "
set any possibility of assessments.
.The treasury stock to be sold from
time to time at the advancing prices
laid out by the Board of Directors
will give the company for develop-
ment purposes one hundred and
thirty-five thousand dollars. This
sum is sufficient to sink twenty-
five wells, each fifteen hundred feet
deep. As our experts predict oil on
our property at six hundred' feet it
would be almost beyond the range
of possibilities to expend this sum
without striking oil. VIRTUALLY
GUARANTY tlsG *» O Ti>fc .STOCK-
HOLDeRS NO CHANCE OF FAIL-
URE AND NO CHA CE OF AS-
SESSMENTS. . . ■
BECAUSE No. 4
The financial affairs of the com-
pany are in the hands of a Board of
rive Trustees, composed of well-
known and prominent California
men.
Not one dollar of the funds can
be expended without the sanction of
this Board of Trustees. They meet
at regular intervals the same as
the Board of ctors, consider all
matters entailing the expenditure
of any moneys and "O X" all bills
before a Treasurer's warrant can
be drawn for same. Being virtually
a check upon the officers and Di-
rectors, they insure A.-SOLUT: LV
O TH_ STOCKHOLDER, N»T
ONLY A THOROUGH AND CARE-
,UL CONSIDERATION OF ALL
MATTFRSO' -IMPORTANCE PER-
TAINING TO THE COMPANY. BUT
THe PHOPER HANDLING OF ALL
FUNDS An-'. MONEYS BELONGING
TO THE CORPORATION.
BECAUSE No. 5
The location of the lands of .the
Union Consolidated Oil and Trans-
portation Company assures abso-
lute freedom from railroad sover-
eignty. A pipe line is to be run to
head of navigation, a distance of
onfy twelve miles, and oil shipped
by boat to San Francisco. Oakland.
Stockton and all bay towns. This
is a facility no other oil company
possesses, and enables the company
to lay down oil at the consum-
ers' door cheaper than any other,
THUS AVO.-m.NG AbSOLUTE
ANY POSSIBILITYOF ING SHUT
OUT THR' UGH PROHIrITO.CY
RATES BY THfc SOUTHERN
PACIFIC OX OTHER ROAD.»—
a liability all other companies are
subject to.\
BECAUSE No. 6
Every man and woman looks
forward to the possibility of some
day being comfortably fixed, If
not wealthy. There is a content-
ment accompanying freedom from
financial worries that is most fas-
cinating to mankind and woman-
kind in general.
.HE CONCLUSION HAS BEEN
UNIVERSALLY REACHED THAT
WEALTH IS NOT THE RESULT
OF HARD WORK. SELF DENIAL..
AND SMALL -*AVNG, but inva-
riably accumulations from lucky,
investments. The fortunes of Car-
negie, Rockefeller and other mil-
lionaries were made by speculation.
The stock of the Union Consoli-
dated Oil and Transportation Com-
pany, now selling at $4 per share,,
will undoubtedly bring hundreds,
and perhaps thousands, when oil is
struck. The oil fields of Pennsylva-
nia and California have demon-
strated that fortunes can be made
quicker in oil stocks than any other
known investment entailing as
small an amount of risk. A rEW
LOLLARS INVESTED NOW MAY
MEAN EASE AND COMFORT THE
BALANCE OF YOUR LIFE.
Can you blame the hundreds who
have come in with us in grasping
an opportunity that may mean de-
liverance from drudgery, self-denial
and financial worry?
No More Stock
At $4 per Share
Alter -Aug. 31st.
Prospectus with information
free.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 Parrott Building
SAN FRANCISCO. V
President Mark. Walscr
Secretary fl- E. Haraszthy
Treasurer... ...M. B. Schorleld
DEPOSITORY:
BANK OF COMMERCE.
DIRECTORS:
Mark. Walser. I A. F Haraszthy.
M. B. Scbofleld, I Richard Young,
Dr. J. fl. Wheeler.
BOARD OF TRUSTEES:
Colonel W. E. H°lbrook.
President Pacific ExDioration Co. and
Alaska Hydraulic Syndicate, .
Pnt San Francisco. Co. and
W. M. Stover,
President Stanislaus Dredging Co. and
Horseshoe Bend Mmmg 1 Co.,
Sonora.
W. S. Peters,
Secretary The Best Manufacturing Co.,
San Leandro.
Harrison Barto, :,
Vice President George Spauldlng Co.,
President Little Valley Lumber
■ Co-, San Francisco.
A. J. Freese.
Principal Irving Scott Evening ScHool,
Pan Francisco.
ATTORNEYS:
' Denson, Oatman and Dei)son.
34
» — J
MISS SCOTT
WHS THE GOLF
TOURNAMENT
Awarded the Georg e
Crocker Cup.
MOST EXCITING CONTEST
MISS McBEAN AND MISS CROCK
ER WIN PRIZES.
Next Contest of Importance Will Be
Between the Polo Teams and
Excellent Playing Is
Expected.
Srvocial Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 22.— The ladies'
handicap golf tournament for the George
Crocker cup was won this morning by
Miss Mary Scott of Sun Francisco. Prom
.nent among the visitors to the links who
witnessed the contest were: Admiral
and Mrs. Kautz, E. M. Greenway, Mr.
und Mrs. Austin Tubbs, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Alexander, Mrs. F. A. Folger,
Mrs. C. E. Worden, Mrs. Henry T. Scott
and family, Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Douty, the
Misses' Robbins, Mrs. Cunningham, Mrs.
A. N. Towne, Mr:-. O. Jarboe, Mr. and
Mrs. .7. Wins low, Mrs. Neustader, Miss
' Neustader, Mrs. Walter Hobart, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Baldwin, Mrs. A. Roos,
Leon Roos and many others.
There were nineteen contestants. The
contest was at eighteen holes, match
play, with a silent handicap based on
itsterday's scores. The competitors were:
Miss M. 1.. Rowe, Miss Jarecki, Miss
Mary Scott. Miss Edith Mcßean, Mrs
Henry T. Scott, Mrs. C. H. Winslow, Miss
faro Crockett, Mrs. Mann. Miss Maud
MulUns, Mrs. W. P. Fuller, Mrs. T. D.
Connelly, Miss Carolan, Miss Taylor, Mrs.
John Cunningham and Miss Patton.
The gentlemen who are to play in to
morrow's tournament acted as caddies
for the lies.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott gave a dinner to
.light in honor of her daughter's success.
I/overs were laid for eleven guests.
The gentlemen's tournament is pro
grammed for three days. To-morrow
morning ai 9:30 all contestants will play
at eighteen holes, medal play, and the
sixteen lowest scores will be allowed to
enter the finals on Thursday and Friday,
at which time they will play thirty-six
holes, match play.
The Impromptu ladies' singles tennis
tournament for the Scott cup was fin
ished this afternoon, when Miss Edith
Mcßean and Miss Mary Crocker defeated
Misses C. Stiler and J. Code in finals
•natch of three out of live sets. At the
opening of the festivities here Mrs. Henry
F. Scott of Burlingame offered wo cups
Cor the most expert lady players In
loubles at Del Monte. Miss Mcßean and
Miss Crocker were the winners. Miss
Scott presented the prizes this afternoon,
ifter which all ! contestants and other
'riends partook of tea at the Grill. Miss
Meßean will probably enter the tourna
ment here September 9 for the ladies'
•hampionship sing
Santa Barbara County Club's polo team
if six members were out at the racetrack
his morning practicing for the polo
natch between the North and the South
-"riday.- Walter Hobart, one of the play
•rs of the Burlingame Club, was indis
iosed to-day and did not play. It is ex
acted lit will be well enough to enter the
natch game on Friday. Mr. Hobart was
aken suddenly 111 and his family physi-
Lan of San Francisco was telephoned for.
[is sickness, however, is not thought to
>c serious.
INRUSH OF JAPANESE.
HONOLULU, Am,'. 15.— President • Dolo
-.-> d Clded to prant applications for 9310
mure Japanese contract laborers for the
jua."ter of July, August and September.
Fallowing are the official figures ot <•■•
plications granted: From October, ISIS, to
March. 1899. K65; from April to June, 5311;
for ,i"iv to September, 9310. or exactly
•0.55ti iyr the first twelve months that
Hawaii has boen under the American fla<.
These figtmss show plainly that the
planters wish to take advantage of the
•on tract labor laws before they arc
amended 'or abolished by : the United
?tate? • jyveram ent. ■ '
Dependable Drugs
Store of
Conyenience
The Chvl welcomes all —
whether you buy or not.
Scales to ascertain your
weight, — telephone, directory,
messenger service, ladies' wait-
ing room, :«ce water — all here
for public convenience.
Atomizers
The Owl's Atomizer 50c
Glass bottle with hard rub-
ber neck and spout; soft
white • rubber bulb. We
guarantee this to be a perfect
atomizer.
Dr. Baker's Atomizer $1
The best atomizer sold for
spraying rs, vaselines and .
other heavy liquids; nickel
spout and trimmings.
Bird Seed 3lb 25c
Mixed seeds for birds. Each
. sack contains Sicily seed,
Canary, German summer
rape and millet seed. No
hemp. Cuttlebone and book-
• let in every sack.
Crutches $2.50
All sizes for children and
grown up- people. Light,
well made, strong — rubber >
tipped. Any size.
Rubber Gloves 85c
Made of black rubber— soft
• and easy for the hands. Use
them when working in the
garden, washing dishes, etc.
Have them in white rubber.
Sea Salt 5 lbs 15c
Sea salt from Florida Keys.
. - A live pound package con-
tains enough for ten natural
salt water baths.
>tUT- RATE "^ Egg?
, 1 i ['2B Market St. -«£&.
; " v T el. 50uth. 356. ~?T- <: San Francisco' "
"' .oth and Btoiiway (Tel. Main 309) Oakland
•$• Sports the tl/orid 11/ ide Over %
DR, DENNIS IS
DEFEATED IN
SKIFF BICE
■ Loses Pacific Coast
Championship.
iGOOD AQUATIC SPORTS
j SEVERAL MISHAPS OWING TO
ROUGH WATER.
University of California Crew Is De
feated After a Very Exciting
Race With Alameda
Spiders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. Aup. 22.— The weather
to-day was much better than yesterday
and the races were more Interesting.
The course was smooth in the morn
ing, but in tho afternoon the water was
rough and two of the shells filled. The
first event was the final heat in the out
rigger skiff race, the preliminaries of
which were run yesterday. There were
two contestants in the final, Ayres of
the Alamedas and Dennis nf the South
Ends. Ayres suffered from cramps in
both wrists during: the last quarter of B
mile, but had a good lead and finished
several lengths ahead of Dennis. This
event carried with it the Pacific Coast
championship. Ayres' time was 11:19.
Then the University senior crew went
against the Alameda Spiders. The
Btroke of the varsity four was ill and
his place was filled by Greenleaf,
trainer for the Alamedas. The college
men held the Spiders down until
within 150 yards of the finish, when the
Alamedas spurted and finished a length
ahead.
The double scull race betwe-en Alex
ander and Thompson, of Vancouver,
and Hart and Scott, of Portland, ended
in an unsatisfactory manner. The Brit
ishers led to the stake, in turning
which Alexander Lost his rowlock. The
Portlanders passed the Vancouver:?,
but, seeing the predicament of the-lat
ter, waited for them to come up so as
to make a race. Alexander rearranged
the rowlock and tried to row out the
race, but the lock soon got out of or
der again, and the Portlanders finished
ahead.
The four-oared shell race was parti
cipated in by a crew from the Alameda
club and one from Portland. The
Britishers, whose shell is frail, refused
to -nter, as the water was quite rough
and they were certain of losing their
boat. The Alameda shell filled before
the crew had gone a quarter of a mile.
For a time the men stayed with it, but
soon were compelled to swim. They
were pi ked up by a launch. The Port
land boat also shipped considerable
water, but although the shell was
nearly full the crew managed to finish.
The Britishers endeavored to secure
a postponement of this event, as they
were desirous of defeating the Port
landers, but the management refused
to do as requested. The Portland crew
went home to-night, several of the
oarsmen being members of the Naval
Reserve, which is to go "ii a cruise to
morrow, and Vancouver must await
another chance to settle matters.
The four-oared -barge race between
the Varsity crew and the Alamedas re
sulted in a victory for the latter. The
university crew put up a good race,
however, the Alamedas spurting and
! finishing a length ahead. The twenty
footer race was won by the Lark; time
1:29:20. In th" free-for-all sloop race
there were three contestants, the
Dauntless. White Wings and Blue
jacket. They finished in the order
named; time 2:14:58. The Whitehall
sailing race was won by Will Tallanfs
tviat, War/en's boat getting second
place. To-morrow the international
race between the Alamedas and Brit
ishers will take place. The Alamedas
'•ill use the shell of the Astoria Row
ing Club. This promises to be a most
exciting event. The race was to have
taken place to-day, but the Britishers
would not contest.
FOUR-MILE RACE.
Belle of Memphis Wins Principal
Event at St. Louis.
; ST. LOUIS, Auk. 22.— A four-mile event was
j the feature at the fair grounds to-day. Five
faced the gate for the long journey. Ed Far
: rell was the favorite throughput the betting
I and Kodak the second choice. Jack Bradley
! showed the way for the flrstynile and a half,
when Barrier took command and showed the
way to the wire, winning easily by ten lengths.
Track fast. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Belle of Memphis
'• won, Montgomery second. Gusto third. Time,
One mile, selling— Basquil won, Annie Old
flelds second. Trimmer, third. Time, 1:43%.
Maiden two-year-olds, five and a half fur
longE—Hi Xocker won, Flylotta second, Can
robert third. Time, 1:08%. ■ Jt
Four miles— Harrier won, Jack Bradley sec
ond. Kodak third. Time, T:2T'4.
Selling, a mile and seventy yards— American
Eagle won. Hill Billy second, Erondelle third.
Time. IM9U-
Selling six furlongs— Siddubla won. Dlggs
second,. Lady Osborne third. . Time 1:15.
CHICAGO, Aug. 22.— Harlem results:
Four and a half furlongs— Sam Fulleh won.
Wig second, Satan third. Time, :54V
One mile— The Bondman won, Jim Mc-
Cleevy second, Brown Dick third. Time,
1:41 V
Six furlongs- May Beach won. Our Gertie
second, Alsaretta third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile— Gold Fox won, Ed Tipton second,
Blue Lick third. Time. 1:41. \
Five and a half furlongs— Decoy won. Clara
Wooley second, Lomond third. Time. l:08's.
S*ven furlong* Harry Thoburn won. . Gar
land Bar second, I'eriwlg third. Time, 1:27%.
SARATOGA. N. V.. Aug. 22.— Last night's
showers laid the dust, but made the track a
trifle slow. Summaries:
Five and a half furlongs— Spider won,
Lucky Star second, Hanipden third. Time,
One mile— St. Clalr won, Galahad second.
Sir Hubert third. Timiv. j;44ty,
Grand Union Hotel stakes, six furlongs—
Marlbert won, Gonfalon second. Mesmerist
third. Time. I:ir><4.
Five furlongs Mips Marion won. Sparrow
Wing second. Caoutchouc third. Time, l:o2>i.
One and a half miles, hurdle— Ben Eder won,
Article second. Premier third. . Time, 2:48.
DETROIT. Aug. 22.— Ed Moore's Looram
hung up a new track record at Highland Park
to-day when he reeled off seven and a half fur
longs In I'.ZHil with 104 pounds up. The weather
was ideal and the track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Salazar won,
Anilines second, Mamie Calvin third. Time,
1:15.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds— Bottle
won. Cariboo second, Onoto third. Time. 1:01%.
One mile and a sixteenth, allowances— Jim
Megibbon won. Branch second, Topgallant
third. Time, 1:48.
Six furlongs, two-year-olds— Dissolute . won,
Marie Orendorff second, Phallas third. Time,
i:W6- . . •
Seven and a half furlongs, selling—
won, Brulare second, Rotterdam third. Time,
1:34>4.
Six furlongs, selling— King Carnival won.
Juanette second, By George third. Time, 1:14%,
Lively Cricket Match
LONDON. Aug. 22.— 1n a cricket gnmo
to-day between the visiting Australians
i and a Middlesex eleven, the former in
I their first inninffs were all out for 445
runs. Middlesex in the first innins was
all out for 105 runs, and in the second inn
iner was all out for 100 runs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
J. REIFF, AMERICAN JOCKEY,
NOW WINNING IN ENGLAND
THE London Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News in last week's issue
publishes the latest photograph of J. Reiff, the little American jockey, who
has in a measure Bupplanted Sloan. In passing, the paper also pays Ameri
can horses and also trainers a few compliments. What itt says follows:
"Times change and old tiling give place to now witlj ever-increasing
rapidity. There was a day when the British thoroughbred had no rival on any
r.' c course in the world. This is all changed now. and there never again will
be a raciiiK season in which many of our most important handicaps will not be
won by Australian and American bred racehorses. In the year 1599 are all
things American especially In evidence. The most successful trainer of the
day Is the American Huggins; the fashionable jockey of the season also hails
from thr States; the Yankee Democrat Is nearly the best two-yenr-old of the
year: the three-year-old Sibola. foaled on the other side, of the Atlantic, is the
best filly of her age. and the brothers Reiff, also born under the Stars and
Stripes, have already shown that if not so fortunate in their mounts as the fa
vorite of the hour. Sloan, they, too, can win races on English courses when their
horses are pood enough.
"The elder of those brothers is L. Reiff. who will be rermembered as riding
Mr. Wishard's horses in this country some years ago. and especially for being
on the back of the American horse Ramapo. who, owing to a smashed foot,
swerved all over the course and prevented Kilcock winning the Stewards'
Cup at Goodwood under 8 stone 4 pounds. It was hard lines for Captain Greer's
champion sprinter, who would otherwise have put in, a record performance, but
it was hardly the fault of Reiff, who is over here again this season riding for the
same owner. He cannot, however, go to scale at less than 8 stone 3 pounds,
whereas his younger brother, J. Reiff. whose portrait we give elsewhere, is one
of the smallest jockeys we have ever seen and can get up under <! stone. In
fact, he only weighs some 4 stone odd, and it is a fact that he is not big enough
to unsaddle his own horse.
"There was a terrible lot of dead weight under his saddle when he won the
New Biennial Stakes at Ascot on Bettyfleld, carrying 7 stone 3 pounds, and he
was quite unable to carry it all into the weighing room after unsaddling. He
adopts Sloan's style of riding to a certain extent, and it takes some looking to see
him at all as the horse he is riding comes up the course; but he rides a good
race, and in spite of his bodily weight, is much stronger than he appears to be.
His services are already in considerable request and are likely to be more so if
he continues to ride in this country. Moreover, he is a quiet, well-behaved lad,
■who is both popular among his fellow-horsemen and respected by his employ
ers. "
WHITMAN WINS
LAWN TENNIS
CHAMPIONSHIP
He Defeats Paret in
Four Sets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT, R. L, Aug. 22.— Malcolm
D. Whitman of Brookline. Mass., BUCI
fully defended the national Lawn t< nnia
championship to-day, defeating J- Parni
ley Parct of New York in tour Bet* on the
cinino courts here. Whitman had an
easy time in the first and second sets, but
his opponent took the third. The fourth
proved a deuce set, Paret pulling up after
the champion had tiskon a Lead. Whitman
was too strong, however, and closed ill"
tournament of 1R99 by a 7— f> score in his
favor. Whitman took the first and sec
ond sets, scoring 6—l In each. The New
York player came out at his best in the
third set and he held the champion at
love up to within one game of winning.
With the score s—o, in making which
Pare) had played most brilliantly, Whit
man rallied and pulled out three games
by close margins. So close were they. In
fact, that several times Paret was within
one stroke of winning.
The ninth game went to the New \orker,
giving him the sot, 6 — 3.
Whitman opened the fourth set by a
lead of 3—o, but Paret broke through his
service and caught him at 4 all. Thon
each scored a game by hard, fast play ;it
the not. From f> all Whitman proved tin?
most isgerosslvo and won the set and
match, 7—5. Summary:
National lawn tennis tournament, rlmm
pionship match— M. P. Whitman beat J.
P. Parr-t. 6-1. 6—l. ?,— G. 7-5.
BROOKLYN WINS FROM
THE BOSTON TEAM
Philadelphia Takes Second Place by
a Very Small Per
centage.
NATIONAL. CBAGCK STANDING.
Clubs— W. L.. Pet. I Cluhs— W. L,. Pet.
Brooklyn ....70 35 .666jChicago 65 51 .619
Philadelphia BS 41 .623 Pittsburp ....SI B4 .4*o
Boston 66 41 .616 IxmisviHe ...47 H .443
Bnltlmor*! ...64 41 .610 New Y0rk... .46 58 .442
Cincinnati ...55 47 .55* Washington .36 71 .336
St. L/OUis 58 4S .547. Cleveland ...18 92 .163
BOSTON. Aug. 22.— Brooklyn drove Meekln
out of the box In two innings to-iiay and won
ea«ily. Willis, who succeeded him, was very
effective, the only run scored off him being
Daly's homer in the fifth. In the ninth Tennev
and Ixing singled, but were retired on a fast
double play by Casey to Daly. Attendance. ,
6200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 2 8 2
Brooklyn 5 12 0
Batteries— Meekin. Willis and Clarke: Me- ■
James and McGulre. Umpires— Kmslie and
Mcl'onald.
BALTIMORE, Auk. 22— The Orioles had a
picnic in the first game of the double-header
with Washington to-day, winning hands down. ;
The second contest was a pitchers' battle. lor
Weyhing after the first inning pitched good
ball. Howell WM lilt hardf-r, but with his
usual luck the opportune hit was missing. ;
This, with brilliant support, kept the Senators '
one run behind when the final figures were in.
Attendance. 2335. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 5 7 .'.
Baltimore 15 20 3
Batteries— McFarland. Rldlemoser and Roach; .
McGlnety. McKenna and Smith. Umpires — Gaff
ney and Latham.
Score, second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Washington 5 10 1
Baltimore 6 8 l
Batteries— Weyhing and Duncan; Hnwell and
Robinson. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The Phillies found the
New York? easy tn-rtay. Gettig's and MePart
lancls pitching was very effective. Bernhard
was well nigh invincible. Attendance, 1200
Bcore:
riuh^r.- R. H. E.
New York...' 2 2 «
Philadelphia 13 12 2
Batteries — Gettig, McPartland and Wilson:
Bernard and McFarland. Umpires— Lynch and
Connolly.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 22.— Cuppy twirled In fine
form to-day and Chicago's six hits were quite
well scattered. The Perfectos bunched their
hit?, and. aided by Wolverton's loose work at
third, had no trouble in winning. Attend •.ice,
1900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 10 n
Chicago l 6 i
Batteries— Cuppy and Crlger; Garvln and
Donahue. Umpires — Swartwood and Dwyer.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 22. — The Cleveland*
started nut all ri«"^' to-day, but made a bad
finish. Woods was substituted for Phllippi In
the fourth inning;. Captain Clarke was pre
sented with a baby carriage the first time ht
appeared at t»e plate. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 15 17 3
Cleveland 6 13 9
Batteries— Phlllppl, Woods and Powers; Knep
per and Sugden. Umpires — Manassau and
Hunt.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 22.— But for errors the
Pirates would have taken both games to-day.
Instead of losing one and tying another. The
first game wan a battle between Tannehill and
Hahn. The former pitched the better ball, but
was unlucky. Attendance, 3200. Score, first
game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6 i
Pittsburg 1 9 3
Batteries— Hahn and Wood; Tannehill. Schrl
ver and Fox. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 i 1
Pittsbuxg 4 9 5
Batteries— Taylor and Peitz; Sparks, Leever,
Rchriver and Fox. Umpires— O'Day and Mc-
Garr.
—- ♦
No Alliance Against United States.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Aug. 22.— The Notl
cia. in an official article to-day, classes
as baseless the rumors of a projected al
liance of the South American republics
against their best customer for coffee,
the United States, and bitterly censures
the speculation, which. It says, is having
a depressing effect on business.
LAME BACK FOR 32 YEARS
Jiggle CUBED by D^PIERCE'S BELT ;
> OKS!??' Vl^MrC*-^ OPHIR. Ca!., July 16, 1333. '.
"""V^i BWfl/W ■ tctjPj'-J Pierce Electric Co., San Francisco— Go.nts: .
■ —^-j^^^H-j ' tH"''f\crl / Tour Electric Belt cured me o< a lame back
- z^7o&JrX**'\\ft™'n>\j\ J l\ A /*■of 82 years' standing. I. got your Belt 8 years '
— jA/5r I^' CVHIHHft/^AWf rJs*' *X" and usod It a short time and from that "
~^^Tk^y^ytV' ■•■'■^lftr rilMk' T~ time on have had no trouble of that kind.
"^TfffiW /^M S ri^^'^l'^T^ Youra ver truly. CERIACO ESTRADA.
" ;^^^S "K^.^^tl 5 MR - RICHARD HOLMES" of Santa Monica. '.
-O?? -^/vf' ! ' 1 -' ''VJIB tr/riuiv7 <\ Cal., in writing us on June 10, '99, says: "Dr.
'^&7 Jk' ; 7O|-'- 'V* Pierce, your Belt proves to bo A GRAND SUC- " .
>^gHW|«//_, /Sferj^^l We hove hundreds of letters like the above ■
rvS^^P^; fr^S/S^? 1^ — now on file and others arriving all the time. '
H^flll!3fJ-<Zl*- If you want a Belt that will CURE, try. "DR. "
'^"^NS^K^i^^S^ it- PIERCE'B" and you will not be appointed. '
' A '«Q»m^ "^ Book let No. 2 tells all about It. Call at • •
P^v^ office or send 2c In stamps. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, :
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, C * '
eldest
LEASHMEN FORM
AN ASSOCIATION
FOR PROTECTION
Their PermanentO.fi
cers Elected.
P. C. CURTIS FOR PRESIDENT
PREPARED FOR GRIEVANCES
WHICH MAY DEVELOP.
The New Organization of Coursing
Men Will Work Under the Rules
of the American Cours
ing Board.
The Greyhound Owners' and Trainers'
Protective Association of the Pacific
Coast became an acknowledged fact Wst
night. A permanent organization was ef
fected, the following officers being elected:
P. C. Curtis of San Jose, president ; Frank
Moran, first vice president; J. Keenan,
second vice president; W. C. Glasson, sec
retary; Hugh Lynch, treasurer; execu
tive committee— John Rocks, Joseph P.
Thrift, Walter Kay, L>. Toiand and James
K. Smith; membership committee—Cap
tain Clarkson, W. K. Thompson and A.
Johnson.
Constitution and by-laws were adopted.
The salient features of these are tha: the
executive committee shall stand between
the owners and the officials at parks
where they course their dogs and see they
are fairly and honestly dealt with. Pen
alties provided by the rules of the Ameri
can Coursing Board may be inflicted, but
no unjust punishment will be counte
nanced. Owners or trainers charged with
any offense shall be afforded every oppor
tunity to be heard in their own behalf.
The members of the association pledge
themselves not to enter their dugs at any
park where one of their organization has
been dealt with unjustly.
No stimulants other than those accept
ed as legitimate ones may be administered
to the dogs. No officials of coursing parks
can hold office in the association.
Frank Moran questioned that .section
of the constitution regarding grievances.
To his remarks Captain Clarkson replied
that the coursing- men have no set griev
ance at the present time, but were antici-'
pating the future. It was not a question
of grievance or of fighting the parks, but
they wanted to have an organization back
of them if anything did develop. The
only grievance at the present time, he
claimed, was that the nare corresponding
to the number drawn for a course was rot
always released.
Where rules of the American Coursing
Board do not apply in a case those of the
park are to be observed. The registra
tion of greyhounds by any club recog
nized by the American Coursing Board
will be accepted.
TALENT SURPRISED.
Favorite in the Grand Circuit Races
Loses to an Outsider.
READVILL.E, Mass., Aug. 22.— 1t was
practically straight heats in the grand
circuit races, an extra heat being required
in only an unfinished race of yesterday.
The track was fast. The great stake of
the day, the Blue. Hill, for the 2:30 trot
ters, was easy i for Kinpmond, the Ports
mouth horse being scarcely . pushed in
any of the three heats. The other events
passed off smoothly,, with Letah B taking
the unfinished 2:20 trot and Billy Andrews
the 2:25 pace. • ,
It took two heats to finish the 2:20 trot,
which went over from yesterday, the
favorite, Letah S. breaking in the third
heat and coming in well behind. In the
fourth and deciding heat, however, she
took the lead at the start and was never
headed, winning easily.
The 2:25 pace was soon over, for the
favorite, Billy Andrews, led in every heat,
his driver pulling him up in the last one
to give the other horses a rating.
In both heats of the 2:16. trot Tessie S
pressed Rubber hard. In the first she fin
ished a neck behind,' but in the second
she broke just before the finish and Rub
ber came in three lengths ahead.
Hallie Rocket vied with Klngmond for
favoritism in the stake race, but the
mare went off her feet soon after the
start and the Portsmouth horse kept the
lead to the finish. Kingmond had a pretty
fight with Wilask in the second heat and
with Valpa in the third, but neither could
catch him. v*/^^
The 2:10 trot was a surprise, Bouncer
taking both heats and the race, while the
favorite, Battleton, did not seem to have
the speed. In the first heat the bay mare
kept the pole from the start, and although
closely pressed at the half by Captain
Jack, managed to hold the lead to the
wire. The time, 2:09. was the fastest of
the day. The second heat was almost a
repetition of the first, Bouncer never be
ing headed, although she showed signs of
distress in the stretch, and Belle J, com
ing strong, almost caught her at the wire.
Again the favorite, Battleton, finished
behind. Results:
2-20 trot (unfinished from yesterday), purse
$1000 best two in three— S won second
and 'fourth heats. Time, 2:14>-... 2:16%. Tesla
won third heat in 2:12 i and was second. Dr.
Pltzer won the first heat in 2:12% and was
third. Sadie M. Paul Pry, Philip E, Helen
Simmons, Annie Burns, A. A. Adams, Elision
and Bright Light also started
2-25 class, pacing, purse $1000— Andrews
won in straight heats. Time. 2:10%, 2:10, 2:10.
Toboggan second, Fred W third. Shade On,
Fire Gilt, Evolute, Coney and Oscar L also
S 2-16 class, trotting, purse $1000, best two in
2 16 class, trotting, purse $1000, best two in
three— Rubber won in straight heats. Time,
2-12% 1:10%. Iris O second. Tessie S third.
Yolo, Glory, White Points, Pilot Evans, Pixie,
Leachboy, Esparto Rex, Temple Wilkes and
Kinsler also strated.
2:80 class, trotting, the Blue Hill, purse $3000—
Kingmond won in straight heats. Time, 2:11%,
2:l3Vi. 2:12. Wllask second, Valpa third. Har
rie Rocket, Miss Jay, Amiss and The Spaniard
also started.
2:10 class, trotting, purse $1000, best two in
three— Bouncer won in straight heats. Time,
2:09, 2:11%. Captain Jack second. Belle J
third. J B D and Battleton also started.
Lynching Bill Indorsed.
CHICAGO, Aur. 22.— At to-days session
of the executive committee of the Afro-
American Council a resolution was adopt
ed indorsing the anti-lynching bill pre
sented to the recent convention by Attor
ney Edward E.^Jrown of Boston. The bill
framed by Mr. Brown declares lynching
to be a crime against the General Govern
ment and empowers the President to In
terfere In any State or Territory to pre»
vent such crimes. The executive com
mittee resolved to use its best endeavors
to pet the passage of the bill by Con
gress.
BOXING BOUTS
ARE STOPPED
BY THE POLICE
Would Not Permit
Hard Hitting.
SHOW CAREFUL SUPERVISION
LACK OF CONDITION A CAUSE
FOR INTERFERENCE.
Patrolmen Enter the Ring and Jack
Bean Is Awarded the Decis
ion Over Clever Eddie
Toy.
The series of boxing bouts at the Ob
servatory Athletic Club on the apex of
Telegraph Hill last night were practically
refereed by Lieutenant of Police Esola.
He occmpied a seat at the ringside and
cautioned the boxers whenever they re
sorted to rough tactics. In only one in
stance did he permit a bout to run its full
course. This was for six rounds, the con
testants being W. Condan and M. Mc-
Clure. The decision went to the forn*r.
and a negro. The latter was knocked
down several times in the third round,
when the police interfered. Charles* Re
vani and Harry Slmi were stopped in the
The opening bout was between J. Wise
second round, Siml being palpably out of
condition. The bout between "Kid" Daily
and William Vaccari was not allowed to
proceed, as one of the contestants was not
L'l years of age.
The last bout and the best on the pro
gramme was between Jack Dean, and Ed
die Foy. The latter had a slight lead
over his antagonist until the seventh
round. In this there was an exchange of
left swings, Foy being knocked to his
knees. He remained down eight seconds.
When they resumed boxing again Lieu- j
tenant Esola ordered the men from the
ring. The referee awarded the bout to
Dean. One of Foy's seconds tried to
make a speech, but was bustled over the
ropes and out of the ring by Esola.
There was a fair attendance, the occa
sion being a benefit for "Cocker" Tweedie,
the clever Australian boxer.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alexander and Mary G. Heynemann to Ferd
X., Louise E. and Henry M. Kahn, lot on E
line of Fillmore street, 50 N of Jackson, X 25
by E 112; $10.
Forest City Packing Company (by Murray F.
Vandal] commissioner) to German Savings and
L an Society, lot on S lino California street, t2:6
X ..! Pierce, E 24:S by S 137:6; $4345.
Samuel, Joshua H., Philip, Solomon and Jessie
Zemansky and Etta A. Bloom (wife of J. H.) to
Occidental Loan Association, lot on X line of
Waller street, 177:3 W of Scott, W 25:9 by N
137:6; $10.
James and Sarah L. Coffin to Max J. Bran
denstein, lot on S\V corner of Broadway and
Devlsadero street, W 137:6 by R 66:3 Vi; $10.
Manning F. and Minnie E. Bowes to Lucy F.
Galavotti, lot on S line of Washington street,
106:3 W of Uro.lerick. W25 by S 127:8y 4 ; $10.
James T. Bailey to Lillie Bailey Wiseman
(wife of J. P.), lot on N line of Aldine street,
17:. E of Wlllard. E 2? by X 63:9; 'grift.
Conrad Viereckt (by H. M. Covert, commis-
Eioner) to Gustave Bcmke, lot on XW corner
of Twenty-second and Capp streets, X 40 by W
122:6: $2f.0.
Samuel W. Still to John H. and Lottie L.
Still, undivided two-thirds of lot on S line of
Twenty-fourth street, 25 W of Vicksburg W 25
by S 102:8; $10.
John T. Hill and Jameg J. O'Connor (by B. P.
Oliver, commissioner) to Hib#rnla Savings and
Loan Society, lot on N line of Broadway, BS:9
W of Stockton street. W 30:9 by N 137:6; also
lot on X line of Broadway, 125:6 W of Stockton
ftreet. W 56:6 by X 137:6; also lot on SW cor
ner of Taylor and Union streets, S 120 by W
52:6; also lot on XW line of Mission street. 91:8
BW of Steuart, S 45:10 by XW 137; also lot on
SE corner of Jockson and Drumm streets, E
29 by S 62; also lot on W line of Battery street,
50 S of WashinEton. S 48:6 by W 97:6; also lot
The Call's
! o''H-H"!":^"i"i -I-I-H i..1..1..!..1..1..1-M-H..1..H..1..!..H..1..1..|..1..: > "
I SOUVENIR |
| | EDITION, I
'.•:■■ ■ ? '. ■ - •"' '■ -II .
\ »4^..1..1..1..i..i..i..i..h-1"1.4»H»H..1..1..1 HIM M-I»|-H-H..^#
\ Designed expressly as a concise
I history of the
; California Volunteer Regiment,
\ Will be issued the day following the
I arrival of the transport Sherman.
; The edition will be profusely il-
i lustrated with views incident to the
\ experiences of the troops in the
: Philippines, and will be replete with
: interesting and valuable information
| regarding their movements. It will
I therefore be an invaluable Souvenir
to all who are interested in the first
soldiers sent by California to a foreign
war.
Copies of this edition will be
found at all newsdealers, and at the
business and branch offices of The
Call. ■ ' • ''■■--'..
* M. **XXX M M w w w n w - „
.„ NW corner of Battery and Merchant streets.
N? '3-6 by W 97:6: also lot on N line of Wash-
L"tnn street 91:8'W of Sansome.,W 45:10 by
£ X iQ-.fi- a!so lot on N line of Sacramento
Street 60 E of Montgomery, X 56 by S 60; also
ft at.* s line of Hardle place. 40 E -of Kearny.
E 30 by S 59; also lot on N line of Broadway
m^o% E of Stockton street. E 69:^ by N:
iw^«- also lot on S\V corner of Broadway an!
vliinia. nlace W 40 by S 65; also lot on NE
Migima Place «,,^ Mission, NW
snfo5 n fo by $E IK™ alsc f lot on NW line of Mis
sion street 45:10 SW of Spear. SW 45.10 by
B *°'l „- £ ' al « o lot on NW line of Mission
SSet 91-S SW of Spear. SW 45:10 by NW
137^- also lot on S line of Jackson street. 13,
W of Sansome. W 61 by S 117:6; |2«0,500.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas and Selina Rowland (owners) with
PL, Roberts (contractor), architect T. Pater
fon Ros°-All work, alterations and additions
to a three-story residence to be changed Into
three flats (now knowr ... f S2 » Green) on Mine
of -Green street, 208:3 W of Mason. W 22. U by
N. 137:6; 12975. _
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H A Bartlett &w, jMrs P D Carper,
U S M Corps Dawson
F Beringer. Cal C D Van Du«r Ncr
W Flnnell. Napa Mrs SAW Aunt, lfo
Mrs Flnnell, Napa Mrs C J f l . J u *' JSS
J \V Thompson, Mcx Miss X L Haskell. Lai
J W French, NY M J Haskell, Cal
W X May, Wis 8 Qulnn, Ind
A M Stevenson, Cal L X Burke t, PMla
A Schilling, Oakland L A Brinkelman.Hons
HLe France. S Jose N F Smith, Yokohama
E E Thomas US V W L Nis wander Dor lc
J F Wenthing. CSV F M Fox. Philadelphia
S Harris. New York C M \\ harton Phila
J T Williams, Marin Mrs T B Chapham.H I
j W Marshall. Phlla ;E W DUon New York
:Mr Haser.clover, 8S O J Barnard NY
Gcier I Prince David, Hono
; V McLeod. Llvermore | lulu
i C H Rollins, Boston 'Mrs W Kohl S Mateo
T S Phelps. U S N >W H Slade. England
IL T Wright, Shasta F Brune. England
' M D Young. Pa H Matthner. Austria
M Anslll. London X Berg, Moscow
S A McKeon, Pa B W Tllden, Kobe
H W Hasey. N York Mrs E W Tllden Kob«
Mrs H W Hasey. N V Dr E Divers. Tokio
Mrs A Williams. N V W A Thompson. Cal
Mrs J F Ross. Pa J R Curnow, S Jose
Miss M M Ross, Pa A Greenminger Cal
Mrs G H Freeman, Cal. Mrs W S Richards. Cal
Mrs M E Sheldon. Cal C M Richards, S Jose
Mrs M E McCrelght, B X McMorris, US N
New York D Keraune, fcaeto
! May McCrelght, NY E Lindley, Cal
! Miss M McCrelght, NY A Heutzler. \i 1 lows
1 Miss F T Witmore, NY E Pollock. Cincinnati
IT L Flood New York Mrs E Pollock. Clnn
! Mrs J L Flood. N V Miss M J Pollock, Cinn
! M M Brown, Los Ang Miss J A Pollock. Cinn
I G H Macy. »w York W Bahcock, S Lake
Mrs G H Macy, N V MrsW Babcock.S Laka
Miss Macv New York E S Churchill. Napa
R Macv. New York W S Stitt. New York
Mrs J Sparks. Nev IH V Sutherland. N V
Dr P D Carper, DawsnlS H Blewett, St Louil
GRAND HOTEL.
A Smith Seattle jW A Wergt, Cal
W Mitchell "^rass Vy J E Hanford, Reno
! B Letcher, 1 , 1 Valley Miss Stone, Elmhurst
H B Logan, Dlnuba J R Mayberry, Reno
L W Elliott, Stockton F A Kaufman, Woodld
G A Vlrich. Cal iH A Morgan. Loe An
G E Barron. Cal |N Butler, w, & d. Sao
B J Hurst. Cal \F Taylor, w & d. Cal
J M Iceland & w, Cal C W Rogers. Los Ang
H A Leigh. San Jose H W Monical & w,
M Goldsmith, Stockton Los Angeles
H Powers, Lodi Mrs F A Homes, N V
W F Griffith, Lodi 'Mrs E McCullis, Denvr
F Bell Cal ' J McCudden, Vallejo
C A Sperry. Spokane Miss McCudden, Vail
F W linleman, Kans H W Kemper, Ohio
D M Dysart, Iceland Miss Griswold, S Jnse
J Perraiilt Bolße G L Colib. Guernevlue
N J Levinson & w. Or G H Wright. Boston
J J Bergln. Los Ang (G E Lincoln &w,IN V
J W Forbes, Bkrsfleld H H Hunter. Yreka
Miss G Crumb, KkfordiF H Ransom. R Bluff
F C Woodworth. Cal W Sexton. Oroville
H A .Taster, Bkrsfleld E L Peacock. Woodlnd
L Hunter. Yreka jH Booksin Sr & w,
F S Arnold & f, Ohio , San Jose
Dr G A Marvin, Cal |H C Brown & w,SJos«
C J George, Los Ang :J Looryea. Sacto
Miss D S Otero. N M.x C W Anifs, V S N
G Collins, Boston C W Eastin, Modesto
G W Rlppey, Palermo J H Simonson, Merrea
John Rlppey. Palermo J S Carroll, Fresno
M Mlssenach. Nev G M Pock, Stockton
S W Phelps & w, L A W D Crichton, Fresno
Miss Phelps, Los Ang Mrs Rothenbush. Stkn
J Sunderland, I>os An Miss Rothenbush, Stk
J R Cody, Sonora |Mrs F W Stroua, Stkn
P Johnson Sonora !J M Peart, Cal
Mrs Brown, Oakland -Mrs N Cook. Petaluma
Miss Brown, Oakland H C McManus. Nebr
F M Doyle. lowa F H Ryan, Ariz
E B Spapnoll, Cal A Barston, San Jose
Mrs Spagnoli, Cal C F Howe. Chicago
R G Brown, Oakland C C Cowell, Stockton
Mrs Everts. Oakland |C A Whetmore, Cal
E S Cahtll, Cal I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Listman. Benicia :C M Johnson. Sulsun
L Broderick. Stockton J L Daniels, Stockton
C F Watson. Sta Hosa H Ross. Vallejo
F Rlichie, Colfax J Maxwell, Chicago
J Hall. Modesto P J Murtha, Los Gatot
W Miller, Fresno H A McDonald, lowa
T J O'Brien, Nevada T Hecht. Davlsville
J Lawler. Petaluma C E Rollins. Isleton
H Barker. Hopland C L Van Bosktek. Lodi
J G Caldwell, Cal IG Fisher, Amador
J S Brant, San Jose !FUSION WINS THE
DAY IN NEBRASKA
Holcomb Named for Su
preme Judge.
THREE PARTIES COMBINE
BRYAN DICTATES DEMOCRATIC
PLATFORM.
It Declares for Free Coinage of Sil
ver and Denounces the Gov
ernment's Policy of Im
perialism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Aug. Nebraska Democrat?,
Populists ajid Silver Republicans met in
this city to-lay and fused on nomina
tions for Judge of the Supreme Court and
two members of the Board of Regents of
the State University. . Former Governor
Silas A. Holcomb was minated for Su
preme Justice by the Populists and in
dorsed by the other two conventions.
Mr. Bryan dictated the platform of the
Democratic convention. This document
declared uncompromisingly for free coin
age of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 and
indorses bodily the Chicago platform ol
IS&S. The platform of the Populist con
vention indorsed the platform of the Pop
ulist national convention of 1896 and ir
addition contained planks denouncing th^
policy of the administration in the Phil
ippines. The platform of the Silver P.*>
publicans was much the same and con
tained in addition a pianK declaring
against the use of railroad passes by pub
lic r.3ic:a!s.
Mr. Bryan addressed all three conven-
Uons ana sis emphatic tn his denuncia
tion of the administration's policy in Ctu
Philippines. He supported tree silver.
For Regents of the S«.ate Cniversity th«
convention nominated Edson Rich 01
Omaha and J. L. Teeters _of Lincoln. th«
napes going through without any oppo
sition.
OMAHA. Aug. n.— The platform adopt
ed by the Democratic convention indorse!
and emphasizes each and e%'ery piank o;
the national platform at Chicago in ISSfJ
The money plank is as follows:
Our c~.nfider.ci; In th« principles set forth 1:
the Chicago platform has been increased a;
those principles have been vindicated by events
Th? gold standard is less defensible now thar
H was in li-.«6. since the President has confessed
it? failure by ».endtng a commission to Europe
t- secure international bimetallism, while th«
ir.ibiMty of the commission to enlist foreigr
aid i 5 aided j.nxif that the people of the L'nste-
states must act alone if they exrect relief
The present lezal ratio ot 16 tit 1 is the natura!
and necessary ratio, an 1 ! the opponents of that
ratio have nothing to offer in its place but th<
evasive and arr.b'.suous phraseology which foi
year* rurnished the gold standard advocates i
rr.as-k behind which to hide, while they se
crr-tiy labored to make sold monometallism per
n:ar.ent. Any '.rr.pro\*ment in business condi
tions due to the increased rroduction of gok
or to a favorable balance of trade Instead o!
supporting the gold standanl d>ctrine shows
that more money makes better times and point!
the way to bimetallism as the means of secur
ing a. r*r:nar.tnt increase In the volume o!
standard money throughout the worid. Th«
Kr;>ubt:i-an scheme to lessen the vaiu? ol
standard money by making s- Id the only legal
tender money has at last become arparen* t«
«:'. and must be resisted by the debt-paying
and wealth-producing classes ol the country
The plan to retire the jrr«er.bacit" !n the inter
t-»t of national notes denounced by the Demo
crats in 1>56. but then defended by the Re
i utl.icar.s. ha? boldlr stalke-3 forth from it!
hiding piare ar.d threatens the formation of a
?:eantic paj*?r money trust.
On the question of trust! th» platform
declares:
The industrial trusts, sprinsr-n? up on e^very
ha~i, testify to the administration s indiffer
ence to monopoly or its inability to co] with
it. We denounce the failure of th» adminis
tration to enforce the rresent law against
;ru«ts or to reoc-nmond new laws if the pres
ort law Is deemed ir.su ff.ci»nt.
We are opposed tv the rrmcipie of monopoly
v-htrever it manifests itself. We demand the
enforcement of the present Federal law. the
enactment ct such n«>w legislation is maybe ne
cessary, ar.d a constitutional amendment, if the
I res«nt constitution is construed to protect
trusts, to the end that the monor-r.lization of
industry by private corporations may b» abso
lutely prevented. Every trust r*sts upon a cor
poration, and every corporation is a creatur*
of laws, and the law. SI •- and National,
must put urwrn the corporation such limita
tions and re^tr ictiens as will protect the pub
lic from injury.
Th« platform prais«?s Nebraska - idlers
for thtir part in the war in the Philip
pines, and goes on to say:
But while we cornrcerfd the soldiers for
ob^iience to all orders emanating from th«
chief executive, we condemn the administra
tive r>:>iicy which ha^ converted a war for
humanity sake Into a war for conquest. W«
believe the Filipinos should have received the
same treatment as the Cubans, and that as th«
Cubans were assured of ultimate Independence
and protection, so the Filipinos should have
been assured in the beginning of our nation' i
intention to give them independence as soon
as a stable Kovemmen' should b* established
ar.d protection from outside interference. Such
a«uran?e should be given now. If the Cuba.ns,
£= is stated in the resolutions of Intervention,
ar* acd of rieht ought to be free, the same
car. be said of the Filipino*, and this nation
would ruff no humiliation tn «.cknowled?in?
adherence to the doctrine that governments de
rive th*ir just powers from the consent of th«
governed.
Th« resolutions declare in favor -'. arbi
tration, favor popular election of United
States Senators, the Initiative and refe/
<*ndum and declare against any Increase
Jn the standing army and against any for
eign alliance.
For the Washington Troops
SEATTLE. Aug. 22.— Negotiations are in j
progress for bringing- the Washington !
volunteers from San Francesco to Seattle
In a body after their muster out at the !
farmer place. Two steamers will probably •
l>e chartered. Levi Ankeny. the well- ,
known banker ■' Waila Walla, has of- t
fered to bear the entire expense of the
vessels chartered, which will amount to i
- tin i . i
SIGNALS CARRIED BY
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Test Made by Lighthouse Department
Between Staten Island and
New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22. — Experiments have been conducted in wireless
telegraphy for some tim» by the Lighthouse Department at Tompkins
vilie. Staten Island. Th experiments have been in charge of TV. J.
Clarke, general manager of the United States Electrical Supply Com
pany, and after some , preliminary work he has succeeded in signal
ing clearly and loudly between Tomkinsville and pier No. 5. East River.
clear across the Bay of New York. So greatly interested in the new
.telegraphy were the Government officials that Major Hoxy. secretary to
th? ohi-»f engineer of the Lighthouse Board, and Frank A. Vanderlip, As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury, decided to see the system in practical
operation; therefore a ianre Clarke transmitter was placed on th» end
of the pier at Tompkinsville. This instrument consisted of specially
wound and insulated sparks, the. duration of which were controlled by
a specially constructed telegraph key.
As the boat left Tompkinsville pier and got well out into the mid
dle of the bay it was apparent to all that the Instrument was capable
of doing much more than had been thought, and to the surprise of the
entire party the vibrating bell continued ringing twice each half min
ute until the Mistletoe arrived at pier No. 5, East River, where the
receiver was disconnected, these signals being sent out regularly on a
transmitter by the man in charee of the apparatus at Tompkinsville.
Mr. Clarke predicts that there will be no difficulty whatever In ulti
mately transmitting to a distance of fifty miles or more. In fact, he con
tends that at present the electrical fraternity is working around in the
dark with some new subtle agency which none understand, and with
which it is impossible to say how much can be accomplished. Mr.
Clarke thinks, however, that ultimately the matter of distance will
mean absolutely nothing, and that It will be just as easy to converse
by telephone across the Atlantic Ocean as It Is to-day to transmit wire
less telegraphic signals a few miles.
YAQUI MARAUDERS
ATTACK CUMURIPA
The Battle Wages Terj Hours
and Ther> the Indians
Withdraw.
AUSTIN. Texas. Aug 22 \d - " ■ Chihuahua, Mexico, says
that the milltai I ' -* d telegraphic advices to-day of
an attack on the town of Cumuripa by a band of about three hundred
Taqui Indians. The place was without military protection, but the Mex
ican citizens barricaded themselves In their adobe houses and resisted
the attack for t*n hours, wh-n the Indians withdrew.
Several houses burned by the Indians and five men and -wo
men were killed. It is thought that a number of Indians were killed
and wounded, but a? they ■ arried ail such off with them the number of
casualties is r.ot definitely known.
As s n as the Indians had withdrawn a courier was sent in great
haste by i " in for military protection and two
ivalry ha 1 ' • to Oumuripa.
POTAM. M-x.. Aujr. 15 'via S - - Ariz., Aug. 22.)— 0n Thursday
r to advance on Vicam. Three sharp en
. ... 4 . p B succeeded in entering the
-•■ nghold. The Indians met the Government forces first about half a
. . • ■ • :n and fell back. They rallied again on the outskirts of
The soldiers were advancing in the
-. and when they reached Vicam It required a d->s
perate struggle before the Indians were driven from their position.
...... engagements two Mexicans were killed and twenty-two
tter beine two captains— Reynaldo Aportal and
Aure": • '' the Eleventh Regiment. Forty Yaquis were killed and
the number of wounded is known to have been heavy.
The Ya . - n the lungle to the southward and were fol
lowed by General T n -■..-- . k them again at a point about two
The Indians numbered about 700. while the gen
. 00 strong. The battle was fought on Au
gust 13, and the Mexicans had two men killed and nineteen wounded.
Xwei • s were 1 und in the holes from which they fought.
retto Villa, one of the chiefs who led the Yaquis In their ten
years' war against the Government, and who knows every inch of the
river junr es, is fighting with the Mexican army. He led the
troop? ■ - a heath and they were enabled to make a rear attack,
badly worsting the Indians In the fight.
When the general entered the church at Vicam shortly after taking
poaseae es indicating that Father Beltran and the
■ _. . Qe sisters soners of the Indians, had left there but a
couple of hours The candles on the altar were burning and in
their Uvii g r ms everything was in order and dinner cooking on the
fireplace. In all their warfare the Yaquis have never been known to
have killed api » re always well treated and protected by the
is tribes _
Th > excessive heat is something awful along the river country- Dur
ir°- the n -. of the One Hundred and Fifteenth Regiment
Batamotal station to T rin there were ten deaths from sunstroke
Bixty-six prostrations and two deaths among them when they
reached Torin, on August 14.
LEPER SENT TO
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
The Sad Story of a San
Francisco Woman.
so«c l
WASHINGTON, -\-is. 22 —A o!
unusual mi - ' ' D " A ' itn lm "
»rs has een Bettled b
mmisa lerly. It is thai
Mr? L. M. Todd. a Briti- - " wh 1 " 1
the San Francisco Pestn -
leprosy. S -acted
the disease In 183 ■ - -
- in the ?an Francisco Pestli
Borne of her washing went to lepers to
r used to
[ for h°r. Thirteen month?
after this, wh: • - - sus
picious-looking spots appeared on the
.c. After contracting the dis
she went to the Hawaiian Islands
• -tried there until Novemb i i
she left to attempt to reach the
United States. Sh-^ took passaee At
Honolulu or. the steamship City t
de Janeiro, destined for some poir^t. [ n
Japan. From Japan she shipped by the
Canadian Steamship Line to Viet
B. C, thence coming
of the United States, reaching San
Francisco December 22, avoiding th-=
Marine Hospital examination at that
point. Her condition and th- -'
h^r case was dia vered by the immi
grant inspector at San Francisco. He
- :h<=> matter up. with the result that
a specialist ma I taminai
•.ding that she is badly
diseased.
Commissioner Powderly has ordered
that Mrs. Todd, who la a widow, be
pent back to th' 3 Hawaiian Islands and
confined in the : ny th»r^. H
has given th* case much study, with
a view of finding if she could b* turned
to the British or ranadian author
■ - hut he does not desire to Bei I
British t< rritory ;ind put mr
people in danger. In this connection
ncr p, w< - that the
colony in th" Hawaiian Island? is
. and that the situa
tion - - ■ rhat dangerous. He has
no p- end immigrant Inspectors
there and says th» whole matter will
. to b*> r^gulat^d by Congress. Th^re
i« no nlace to k^-=D her in this country.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23. 1899.
ROSS NO LONGER
FOR FREE SILVER
Stanford Man's Change
of View.
Spec -' DtcjuOcfc to The Call.
PAL'"' ALTO, Aug. 22.— Professor E.
A. R'.-ss head of the department of
a returned to the university
y. aft<=T spending one year in
Europe. While abroad he devoted hi?
in the libraries of London and
Paris . g on a new book. In an
Interview he c) - himself freely
on the money question, imperialism
and the genera! situation in Europe.
Dr. Ross formerly was a bimetallist.
In resj ■-■ | the question, '"In view
of the situation abroad do you think
that the United States should adopt
bimetallism 16 t" 1?" he replied:
"No. I think that the demand of 16
to 1 has ceased to be admissible."
"Have you not then changed your
es?"
The principle I hold is that
y should be as far as possible
stable in value. The free coinage of :
at 16 to 1 was merely a policy in
: to r<=-a!:z-:- thifl - I think
that free coinage at 16 to 1 no longer .
promises to realize this principle."
Why not?"
reasons. In the first
place the annual gold output has since
-hoi up from S. 0 to $300,
--0. The amazins production of
South Africa and the Yukon region is
thing that no one could foresee.
It '-^rtainly relieves the monetary
famine and has tended to reduce if not
entirely wipe out the annual apprecia- '
tlon of gold. In the second place,
three r r m^r^ yp^rp of debts have been
incurred under the gold standard and
nding mas- : | debt in- I
curred since the bimetallic standard
has been wiped out. In the third
place there was a likelihood in :■■■
that certain other nations would follow
a bold step n n the part of th« United
States, and thus independent action nn
our part might bring about interna
tional bimetallism. We have no longer
any ground for such a hope. For these ;
thr<>.» reasons a proposal which was
reasonable in IS% becomes extreme in
1899."
In regard to the question of imperial
ism he said:
"I am strongly opposed to the whole
colonial venture, not on humanitarian
grounds, but on account of the havoc
that imperialism will certainly work in
our political development. In order to
make fortunes for two or three thou
sand American business men the plain !
people will not only have to pay the big j
bills of imperialism, but will* see the
legislation they need sidetracked by a
clever manipulation of foreign ques
tions. The English oligarchy always '
keeps half a dozen smoldering wars
along the borders of the British empire
BO that one fan always be cnnveniently
fanned into flame if it becomes neces
sary to divert attention from honi"
matters. Does any one suppose that the
aggressions of railroads or trusts or
telegraph companies or subsidy hunting
steamship lines or protected interests
will be withstood when a vast tangle of
colonial and foreign business absorbs
thf attention of the public and of Con
gress
"The caf of England convinces me
that the autocratic government of rip
pendencies reacts upon and modifies
home government. For us to abandon
our principles of government by con
sent for the sake of trade and exporta
tion in the Philippines is to barter our
birthright for a mess of pottage."
DIVORCEE TO REMARRY.
Mrs. Rose Cardwell Fitch to Wed
Lieutenant W. S. Hughes.
STOCKTON*. Aug. 22.-Private advices
bring the information that Rosr Cardwell
Fitch, the divorced wife of Thomas Fitch
Jr.. is to become the. wife of Lieutenant
Commander W. S. Hughes of the Phila
delphia. The Fitches were divorced a
year ... the 10th of the present month,
after several sensational episodes, one of
which was the shooting- of Attorney Fair
all by Fitch. After the settlement of the
trouble^ here Mrs. Fitch went to / San
Francisco and took up her residence with
Mrs. Frances Fitch, her sister and the
wife of her former husband's brother. She
is a lady of marked accomplishments and
the news has created widespread Inter
est among her many friends here. . It is
understood that the news reached j here
through a letter the bride-to-be wrote to
an intimate friend.
"Care stop here," th!» Is the sl^n
Th«! Ma.-ket-et. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them:
Opposite "Call Bide." 'tis a gem.
COLUMBIA GOES
DOWN OFF KAUAI
End of the 111-Fated
Vessel.
NO LIVES WERE LOST
SPRUNG A LEAK SHORTLY AFT
ER LEAVING PORT.
The Crew Worked Hard to- Save
the Ship Until the Water
Extinguished the
Fires.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Aug. 15.— The final chap
ter in the life of the ill-fated City of Co
lumbia may now be written. On Thurs
day last she sailed for Hongkong with a
crew of forty all told, with officers and
men. a:.<; yesterday nineteen of them re
turned with the report that she was foun
dering" off the coast of Kauai.
The tale as told by Chief Officer Carlson
and substantiated with variations in de
tail by the, other eighteen is that the
vessel started out well enough for Hong
kong and kept to a pace of about nine
knots an hour for some hours. Shortly
before daylight the next morning, when '
some seventy miles off the coast of Nil
hau. it was discovered that she was leak
ing heavily at the stern port chasing!
Pumps were unavailing,}- Bet to work, for
the water gained so rapidly that the fires
were extinguished within two or three
hours. With th»» pumps working the water
gained nearly two feet in the hour.
Sails were hoisted, but the vessel merely
rolled like a log in the trough of the sea. i
The twice broken-backed steamer was a
wreck.
Captain Walker at once ordered the life- ;
boats out and dispatched two of them.
with Officer Carlson and the others re
ferred to, in search of aid, as the derelict
then had some say seven and others
eleven feet of water in her hold and was
rapidly settling by the tern. The men
landed* at Mar.a. Kauai, about 2 o'clock on
Saturday morning and were taken by ■
special train to Waimea.
The steamer James Makie was at Ka- |
paa and at once went to Walmea and
brought the shipwrecked men to Hono
lulu it being well known that Captain
Walker and the rest of the crew were in
boats waiting for the hoodoo's demise.
The United States steamship [roquois
was cot ready as rapidly as possible and *
sent to the scene of the disaster, and to- |
day the Hawaiian tug Glen was sent. •
The Iroquols returned this morning
from Waimea with Captain Walker and ,
the remainder of the crew of the Colum- !
bia, which foundered about eight hours
after the first two boats left her. No
lives were lost and the ship now sleeps in \
one of the deepest parts of the Pacific
OXNARD SUGAR FACTORY
IN FULL OPERATION
The First Day's Output of the
New Concern Eagerly-
Bought Up.
HUENEME, Aug. 22.— T0-day at
Oxnard the first sugar made in Yen- ;
tura County was turned out by the i
American Beet Sugar Company's far- j
tbry, the first beet sugar factory in j
the United States to begin operations '
thi= season. The sugar is the finest
pra'ie that has been seen in these parts
B extra bright and dry and of
t granulation.
Lehmann <k Waterman, the leading
merchants of the county, have se- ■
cured the first three carloads of to- |
day's output. Preparations had been i
made to open the campaign several
weeks ago, but owing to the newness
of the machinery and to several mis
haps which hav'.- occurred in different
parts of the factory, operations have '
been delayed. The output for the pres
ent will b* - - f sugar ] lay,
but it is the calculation to double this
in a few weeks. The factory will run |
continuously night and day for the |
:>-xt four months, when lnO.<w> tons <->f ;
beets will have been converted int..
sugar.
The town of Oxnard. wh^r* the fac
tory :s located, is the liveliest muni
cipality in the State. Buildings cannot
be erected fast enough to accommo
date prospective settlers, whil^ those
who wish to be on the ground and
watch the progress of this thriving
burg have pitched their tent? where.
with th^ir families, they will await
th«ir turn in securing more substantial '
homes. The plat of th^ town was laid j
out in January. 1898, and the popula- j
tio n of Oxnard to-day is over 2000 and j
is increasing rapidly.
CHINESE PIRATES LOOT
A BRITISH VESSEL
Carry Away Everything Movable and
Seriously Injure Captain
Roberts.
VICTORIA. B. <".. Aue. 22— N«w« f? !
brought by the Kinshiu Maxu of the
looting of a British pilot boat at th~
mouth of th» Tangtse by Chinese Di
rat«»s. Th» vessel wa« lying at anchor,
and at ? o'clock in the morning Captain
w. Roberts was awakened by the com
ing r> f a crowd of Chinese in sampans.
Despite the resistance of Captain Rob- '
crts and crew the <"hinese boarded tho
vessel and overran her. They carried j
away everything, even the captain's in- ■
struments and the vessel's anchors.
The Chinese were armed with bamboo
pikes, and Captain Roberts was s°
rerely, perhaps fatally, injured. On I
word being sent to Shanghai a tug was j
sent from the consulate to the boat's j
assistance. Having n" anchors to hold i
it the vessel had gone ashore, and It is j
thought will be a wreck. Captain R'->b- j
crts was taken to Shanghai nn th^ tue
for medical assistance. The British au- |
thoriri^s have presented a claim to the'
Chinese Government for th^ loss ol
vessel and injuries to the captain.
VILLAGE IN JAPAN
DESTROYED BY FIRE
One Hundred Dead Found in the
Ruins and Seven Are Reported
Missing.
VICTORIA. B. C., Aug. 22.— The
Japanese st-amer Kinshiu Maru brings
news oft a serious conflagration in
Araimachi prefecture, which wiped the
village of E< higo off the map. Four
hundred houses, mostly bamboo-buiit
structures, were destroyed and 120 Jap
anese lost their lives.
Tho fire originated in the home of one
of the villager?. A high wind was pre
vailing at the time and the flames
swept like a sea over the hamlet. The
Japanese Bremen, with their limited ap
paratus, were unable to do anthing
whatever to stay the flames and they
were left to burn themselves out. When
the embers cooled it was found that 120
were dead and seven were missing.
A.bout the same time as Echigo was
swept out by fire the villages of Mizo
nobe and Mura in Yamaeruta was swept
by a whirlwind and fourteen buildings
were destroyed-.
Choynski Matched
LOUISVILLE. Aug. 22.— Joe Choynski j
and Jim Hall have been matched for a I
fcout before the Nonpareil Athletic Club
of this city September 25. the * opening
day of the fall race meeting.
■ ♦ ■ __
- Several beautiful paintings from this year's I
Paris Salon at the Gump Art Gallery. 113
I Geary et. :•/.>• /i !
SOLDIERS AND
POLICE CLASH
Indiana's Men Cause
Trouble in Honolulu.
THEY RESENT AN ARREST
TRY TO TAKE A PRISONER FROM
THE POLICE.
Lieutenant and Fourteen Men De
mand the Return of a Man
Charged With Drunk
enness.
Special Correspondence of Th» Call.
HONOLULU, Aug. 22.— The United
States transport Indiana arrived from
San Francisco on the 10th and after re
maining- thirty-six hours in port, sailed
again on the 11th. While the vessel was
in port there was a serious clash between
the police and soldiers.
The trouble started in a small way.
Two officers had a drunken soldier in
tow and were taking him to the station.
Three soldiers appeared, and on their re
quest the prisoner was turned over to
them with the understanding that they
would take their comrade to the vessel.
The four soldiers started down togeth
er, but had not gone far when the man
in liquor assaulted his companions and
a rough and tumble fight ensued. Finally
the intoxicated boy in blue broke away
and started to run up the street. He was
caught by the same policeman, and this
time the lieutenant insisted that he
should report to the deputy marshal at
the station.
Then a second complication arose. Some
th.rty stray soldiers who had gathered in
the street set about to rescue the man
from the police. One big fellow raised
his hat and gave the command to move
forward. A start was made, but the po
lice drew their clubs.
At this juncture a noise was heard up
Nuuanu street. Coming down on a run
was a second lieutenant and a platoon
of thirty-two men, all armed and looking
like business. The' troops moved in the
middle of the thoroughfare and cleared
the street as they went. Near the corner
of Merchant and Nuuanu streets the
troops came up with the police struggling
with the soldier.
Then came the serious part of the affair.
The troops were halted in line. Four men
stepped out with fixed bayonets and
marched with their lieutenant to Lieu
tenant Opunui and demanded th* release
of the soldier. The army officer was told
that his request would now have to be
made to the proper authority at the
station house. At this the army men be
came greatly excited and brought their
arms to a charge. The police, now in
creased to three men, drew their clubs
and defied the soldiers. In the meanwhile
they kept moving with their prisoner, and
in a few minutes landed him in jail.
While this was going on the stray
soldiers and those in the detachment had
become a howling mob. Those in ranks
broke and most of them fixed bayonets.
Their commander seemed to have no con
trol over them. In the full of the excite
ment the prisoner dealt Officer Poha
kupaa a heavy blow in the face and
knocked him down. The officer came
back immediately with a sweeping swing
and aid the soldier out. This proceed
ing got the mob simply furious. Withal
and through ail the police remained
cool, and continued to urge their prisoner
to the station. . .
When the man was safely landed in jail.
the army tenant turned to his men
and ordered them forward. The platoon
marched around the corner and drew up
In line in front of the station house. The
lieutenant went Inside to Interview
Deputy Marshal Chlllingswortb. That
officer heard the statements of Lieutenant
Opunui and also of the army men. Con
siderable heat was displayed by the lat
ter.
Chlllingsworth took the pains to ex
plain to the army officer what the custom
was with respect to soldiers. When a
man was arrested there was never ob
jection tc turning him over to the proper
authority by the proper authority. The
man could go on condition that the lieu
tenant would guarantee that he be taken
off the streets and safely landed aboard
ship. This was done.
FAMOUS PRISONER
GIVEN LIBERTY
An Accomplice in the Murder of Lord
Frederick Cavendish in Phoenix
Park.
DUBLIN. Aug. 22.— Earl Cadogan. Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland, to-day signed the
expected order releasing from Marybor
ough Jail James Fitzharris. alia? "Skin
the Goat," who in May. ISS3, was sen
tenced to penal servitude as an accom
plice in the murder, on May 6, 1888, in
Phoenix Park. Dublin, of Lord Frederick
Cavendish, Chief Secretary for Ireland,
and T. H. Burke, permanent Under Sec
retary, who were assassinated by stab
bing by four men known as the "invin
cibles " An order of release was also
«igned in the case of Laurence O'Hanlon,
Sentenced to penal servitude for attempt
ing to murder members of the jury en
gaged in the trial of persons charged with
murder in November. 1882. Fitzharris and
O'Hanlon left the Jail this evening.
FIREBUG ARRESTED
Antone Meyers Held by the Police in
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Aug. -- Th» police and
Sheriff's office have arrested Antone
Meyers, who is lvliovpd to be the au
thor of the five mysterious fires that
have occurred since July 3. The man
has been under suspicion for som» time,
and to-day's arrest was made by D«p
uty Sheriff Stewart and Policeman
Langford, on a warrant issued by Jus
tice Wallace. The officers claim to
have a strong case against Meyers, and
it is said that there are two witn- SB -
who saw him apply the match in one
instance. He is held in the County
Jail, and no one is allowed to see him.
Meyers Is about 30 years of ae<» and
resides with his mother at 23T Fox ave
nue He has been employed in ih<=
Southern Pacific yards. All tfv fires
have occurred in the immediate vicinity
of his home and between midnisht and
?, o'clock a. m. It is thought Meyers is
crazy on the subject of fire. When
drinking he talks of nothing but fires.
Barns and warehouses were his special
prey On January 23 th^ Meyers home
was burned. The officers claim they
connect him with five rtr-s sir.o July
a. the aggregate loss of which was S5&
--000.
HOMEWARD BOUND.
List of Vessels Leaving Bristol Bay
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 22.— The steamer
North Star, cannery tender for the
Alaska Fishermen's Packing Company,
arrived in port to-day from Nushagak
Piver Bristol Bay. Alaska. She ■ sailed
from "Bristol Bay on August 12 and re
ports other vessels having sailed as fol
°August T. schooner R. W. Bartlett for
San Francisco; August 12, bark Harry
Morse for Astoria: August 12. barkentine
Gardner City for San Francisco. The lat
ter has a cargo of salt salmon. The ship
Macey was to sail for San Francisco on
August 13.
Captain Hanson reports that the salmon
pack on Bristol Bay was unusually large
this season, and estimates it as lollows:
\la«ka Packers' Association, 345.000 cases;
Pacific Steam Whaling Company 19,000
ca=e« - Alaska Fishermen's Packing Com
pany 21.000 cases. The canneries of the
latter two companies were erected this
season. ;
Repatriated Spaniards.
HAVANA, Au?. 22.— The Spanish steam
er Alfonso XIII. which sailed for Spain
to-day, had on board 432 Spaniards who
are being repatriated at the expense of
the Madrid Government.
. THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM^
* The new '■ v,wa*m>- aa The FunnY ♦
! -"IKWPpß|||i|^L I
» J.Ti/ Suki are SHP*^ and '*Bs^g^^  . «•
* ;;^ 0 « 5,/,. V^ f ; § 5
* i ■  r, - AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE- '- a ' m " - *
» SsethePtatds to 5 p.m. tree. *
» This is rhe last day of the sale of manufacturer's line *
J of sample Belts. Still many handsome ones left. «
J The regular retail prices were 2^c to $2.00 each. %
* Our sf.-iu! sale prices, 14c and 28c. J
* For Wednesday Only. \ Fo> Wednesday Only. *
» 50c Fancy Half a dozenjsa/e of Dark j
I tings, 38c. Lamps. j
J store's regular 50c Fancy Suiting; -, A dark-room oil lamp 2
J store's regular 50c Fancy Suitings w : h raby an £ J
are placed on special sale for this orange ; a=s. good »*
* day only — per yard 38c' $_^2-^ Talne for '°° each— *
* " SB-inch F»ncy Suitings. ' E-==fH =fj on special sab t °-' - * *
* 38-icch Mixed Cheviots. '■ -^zIH ; H onlr at 69 ° 2
t thGumsC 'c . ! S^V?S i§ v v "' Ruby Faoric X
a 44 inch Two-toned Diagonals. ' -^■'[M_\;ifi Folding Lamp. jjst the
I 46-inch Cable Cord Novelties. /^fl^^^J lhin Tor rrave ' eri - «
«► 52-inch Fancy ( heviot Suitings. <^g f^]p regularly 40c each— «
ft\ ; 2^ ftj-'' ' - "*^ x - -jec :a : . sale to-:ay
» For Wednesday Only. ■ ~ " B^-. ...i?fio *
i Satin * s £>~~^=^£% J
X Hose Sup,- \^go? For Wei nesday Only. J
* Or# r f' v M^" Children's --* « xl *
Ladiei Lindsay i"l| __ n, bad, extra fine *
a> ciasp, satin belt, silk I'll rSOSG, i^wCm quality, silk fin- V
& elastic Web Hse id' ished M3co Cotton Hose, guaranteed J
* Supporters, assorted fj|| stainless black, full finished French foot. J
£ sizes in pink, blue, /'|j i double knee, an extraor .good 2
* gold. scarlet or Al>i\ lvalue at 1-0: per pair, siz. ; 3 sto 9^'— on
? black, a regu a- 10c J/;FSS. special sals to-day only, per pair. ...S4c <#
Supporter— en spe- £& pi ! '^
a> cial sale to-day civ. £y CA ; " • •
* per par 26c \ ... <»
* 7-: : —^ , F«9r Wednesday j^, ♦
* For Wednesday Only. n .. Iv rtfigSk) 1
i BWen'aSOc Men-M edium UfllV - jSß^^ 2
j rare/* s s«c S leofNeck #V% J
* Underwear ***£.< R U nht>* { <h^BvJ 2
__ Form-fitting HUGiM&&m £"£*F££&* / *
v- TO-Day 35C. Sh rta and ; Ladies . Back Neck /?*^ J
* Drawers, regularly We garment , and Rach esmade of a gDod 3fi i, •£ J
* g,od value at that price-on special M^i Uw of L;bertv SiX jfa~M ?
i to day, each 35C iLraiiy pait.d,' with IPfPfl *
* • . neraiiy p aited, wit.i T lfisJf!a?V'
» For WednesdlV Onl\ w:de satin ribbon SIILV- ♦
* _ .j- § 4**% sin Tjtiit/y-'M s reamer3 - regular $1 filmi *
» LadieS &2m&U W^^!Ruches-on special sal- •vfi'S 1 '5
; Shoes, $1-37. Wi to - dayoniyat 73 ° \
Jr Liiie?' Choco'ate C -lor fj£sr\* " " ■• *
* r" :Kd , -IhSpfSi ii /^ Wednesday Only. «
Vesting cloth tops, ne * jSr'W'^r "•
* opera toes, 55 C Perfumes rown Per " *
* with kid tips. /***/!*' !TV» !***,. K9« famery «
* tum^ soL, ' Jww/r To-Day, 53c. i,- ex.. *
* and fi-xible j^^*MfJ^ rict~— Either 'Crab Apple," 'Cuir de *
* sewed so e3. gj^Jl**^^ tßussie" or 'Lillas Blanc," pit up in orig- *
- all si-e' ? sold r?gitariy at $2.50 pair— inal packages, regularly £5c bot:!»— on
J or. s?ec : al sile to-day only $} 37 -pecia' sale to-day only 53 C v
A «»
t Grocery and Liquor Specials «
j£ Thcsti offer ngs for this day only.
*> Maine Corn The hest Gonoa Shells 5 ibs for 25c ♦
* v 6 Cans for 55C Whiskey— Kentucky Bourbon, full J
* Babbitt's Soar* ■■ ■•• ! qaarta, good qua'itr — per bottte.6sc «
{ ■ _ -9h2rsfors !>OO WMi O Wine-Excellent quality- *
J fC'CZ Candles- uoaity- alon ...^Oc *
I Crescent "6'ream - Unsweetened Champagne-Ar V *i Haraszthy i v
J ....3 cans for 25c Cos Extra Dry Eclipse Casmoagne— *
*■ Salt— Pure English snow-white i Ca : e 1 doz?n quarts, re u' ; a-y ■. *
* sack for 6c $14.50, for $10. 00 J
* Castile Soap— Genuine Fre-ch.i Case of 2 dozen pints, r-gu arlv ?
£ hrce bm 2 for 45c\ $17, for $11.10 *
£ Grystola -Li m Sa->olio- [ Fiagle pint bottles 50c
T . ...3 Cakes for lOC Single quart bottles $1.00 *•
BODIES STREW THE
HATTERAS BEACH
Shipwrecked Sailors Who Tell Addi
tional Tales of the Recent Big
Hurricane.
NORFOLK. Va., Aug. 22.—Thirty
ftve shipwrecked seamen, who had
nothing in the world but a few tat
tered and torn clothe? on their back?.
arrived here to-day from Hatteras,
N. C. From them it i? learned that the
recent hurricane which sent so many
p *.,,T,ie to death and destroyed vast
estates In Porto Rico, added another
chapter to its horrors in a little stretch
of bpach from Kinnak<*n to Hatteras.
N C Thirty people are known to
have lost their lives in this district,
which is only eighteen miles lone, and
t he beach Is strewn with spars, masts
and other wreckage. Thp sailors say
eleven vessels are ashore -~>n the coast
between Hatteras and New River In
| t e No such damaging result has at
tended a storm on the coast in th* past
o,uarter of a century. Waves ran
mountain high and the wind howled
unceasingly several days and nights
at a seventy-five mile velocity. That
not more lives were lost in the vicinity
of Hatteras is considered by the sur
vivor? nothing less than a mir-i
OPENED LETTERS
WITHOUT AUTHORITY
SANTA CRUZ. Ausr. 22.— 8. C. Epperson
was to-day held under $150 bail to appear
for trial in Justice Stanley's court on
August 31. Epperson, who is 87 years old.
is accused of opening letters addressed to
Miss Louise Clark without authority.
Epperson is Postmaster at Epperson, Co
lusa County. Miss Clark is deputy. She
also attends to his private correspond
ence, a few weeks ago they came here
to spend the summer. Yesterday she de
manded her pay for her two year?" work.
51500. He gave his .note for the amount.
After the note was signed they went to
the postoffice. While she was standing
at the general delivery window holding
the note in her hand Epperson snatched it
and before she could recover it he placed
it in his mouth and chewed it up. While
she was visiting Sacramento she accuses
Epperson of opening her letters. She
say* she will prosecute the case to the
finish" and will not listen to any compro
mise.
THE PEARY EXPEDITION.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— News has just
been received in Brooklyn from Herbert
L. Bridgeman. who is in charge of the
Peary auxiliary expedition on board the
steamer Diana, from the Straits of Belle
Isle, which are between Newfoundland
and Labrador.
. Mr. Bridgeman's letter is dated July 23,
and was conveyed by a fishing boat on its
way to Labrador. In it he says that it
will probably be his last chance to com
municate with home, as the expedition
was then heading for Disco. Peary was
expected to join them. Snow and an ice
berg had been encountered by the voy
agers, but not to any dangerous degree.
Suicide of Greorge Sloan
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 22.— George Sloan.
I aged 20 years, who recently came from
I San Francisco, committed suicide at the '
hop pickers camp near uhe-atland this
morning by firing a bullet into his brain.
D"=-ceas^d had been ill for some t;m<=. and
-dency was the cause of toe act.
Traces of a Wreck
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 22.— Reports
have reached here from Cioose, on th^
west coast of Vancouver Island, of the.
finding- of the name board of the lost bark
Dominion. It was discovered some three
months ago at the west coast village, and
not until now has the information been
made public. The letters are all but ob
literated by the washing of the sea, but
the initial "D" and final "ion" are easily
made out. A representative of the Liver
pool Board of Trade is now making in
auirv into the wreck.
Cabinet Crisis in Colombia
bpecial Cable to The all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1*39, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BOGOTA. Colombia. Aug. 22.— Cuervo
Marquez. Minister of Foreign Relations,
and Gerardo Palacio. sub-Secretary- of
Finance, have resigned their portfolios,
owing:, it Is presumed, to the appointment
of General Santos as Minister of War.
Caldecon Reyes. Minister of Finance, has
pone to Anapoima to confer with the
President of the republic, and it is reared
that a ministerial crisis may ensue.
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
SAN RAFAEL.
This «choc! will reopen on. August 2S. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam, and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and SfC-
end floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves, no flues in boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a firei ' school. Arrangements
have been mad* for boarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school ■ the Hotel Rafael until r*s
buildings are completed Fcr catalogues, testi-
monials and reference* apply to the principal.
REV. CHARLES H ITCH COCK. San Rafael.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN AlATiiO. CiVL.— FOUNDED A. D. ljM.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
i,.r catalogue and Illustrated circular addre»*
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. R.
T?'""tor and head Master.
TRINITY SCHOOL.
QQflfl WASHINGTON ST. OPENS AUG.
OOUV 7th. Prepares for college and uni-
versity: twenty-s^econd year: corps of U pro-
fesscjs. Accredited with the University. For
catalogue of information apply to
DR. E. B. SPALDING. Rector.
Ham in School and Van Ness Seminary,
f C/1Q JACKSON, COR. GOUGH ST.. S. F.
lO"v Boarding and day school for girls.
Accredited by the University of California^
Opens August 14, 1533. Send for pro»p«ctus.
SARAH D. HAMLIN. Principe.
56
WEDNESDAY .AUGUST 23, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. •
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1881.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 35 CENTS TBR WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage: \
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cain, one year SO.OO
Paii.y CALL (including Sunday. Call), 6 months :S.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month Osc
SUNDAY. CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY. CALL One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to recelv.' subscriptions.
Eamplo copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
PERRY LUKEN6 «IR 29 Tribune Building.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman Houee; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel]
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astoria iHctel; A. Brent&no, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel,
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
CaJifornJa— "A Bachelor's Honeymoon."
Columbia— "A Southern Gentleman."
Orphcum— Vaudeville.
Tlypll— "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I'Pagllacci."
Alcarar— "Camilla."
Grand Opera-house — "Clover."
Alhambra— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, to-night.
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olynpia. corner Maeon and Kills streets— Specialties.
Eutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Alhambra Theater— Benefit to John W. Slade, Saturday
«veninK, September 2.
California Btate Fair, Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
THE DECORATION OF THE CITY.
WHILE the decorations of the streets along the
line of march" fixed for the grand parade of tin
returning volunteers will be the most artistic
and elaborate ever seen in this city, the people should
not rest content with the accomplishment of that
much. The whole city should be adorned with
streaming colors, living flags and banners bearing
legends of welcome to the heroes.
Of course the committee cannot undertake the gen
» era! decoration. It must be left to the patriotic im
pulses and the artistic taste of the householders.
During the outburst of popular patriotism that fol
lowed the declaration of war nearly every well-to-do
family in the city made a national flag a part of its
household ornaments and treasures. In the early days
of the war the city was radiant with banners from
morning to night. When the volunteers from the
other States arrived here they found the streets not
only downtown but in the residence districts so pro
fusely adorned with Hags and bunting that the whole
city appeared in festal array.
Now the time has conle to make use of all .those
flags arid to add to their number. From every office,
store, shop, hotel and home throughout the city the
starry banners should be flung to the breeze. Wher
ever the boys go on the way to their homes after dis
bandment they should find the streets made bright
and beautiful by the glow of the national colors, and
words of welcome should meet their eyes on all sides.
The departure of the volunteers for the war was
accompanied by the most ardent manifestations of
pride in their heroism and love for their loyalty.
Now let their home-coming be made as glorious as
their iprvirr.
THE MUNICIPAL CONVENTIONS.
NOTWITHSTANDING the prevailing interest in
the preparations lor the reception of the home
coming volunteers, it is the duty of citizens 1 ■>
give close attention to the political work carried on
during the week by the county conventions of the
two parties. The Democratic convention assefnbled
last night, and the Republican convention meets this
evening. The i>^ue» with which tiny will (leal are of
importance to every citizen, and a close watch should
be *ept up<m every step of the proceedings in both
bodies,
In the Democratic convention it is a foregone con
clusion the self-appointed committee of one hundred
guardians, trustees and directors of San Francisco
Democracy will have their own way and nominate
whom they please. The rc-ult will doubtless be a
ticket something like that which gave San Francisco
in the Board of Supervisor* preceding the present one
a municipal and county government of so outrageous
a kind that Mayor Phelan undertook to remove the
Supervisors by main force and did on one occasion
have them hauled out of the council chamber in the
City Hall by the police.
These things being so, it is to the Republican con
vention the better element of the city now looks for a
ticket whose election will assure good government.
The outlook promises well. The would-be bosses of
the party— Kelly, Crimrains and Bums, with all their
jnish — were defeated at the primaries and the rank
and file of the party representing true Republicanism
achieved a sweeping triumph. It is now to be seen
how far the delegates will fulfill the expectations of
those who voted for them.
The combined forces which will be arrayed against
the Republicans in this contest cannot be beaten by a
weak ticket, nor even by a strong ticket unless it be
supported by a strong and energetic county commit
tee, made up of men in whom not only Republicans
but independent voters have confidence. The selec
tion of good candidates and good committeenicn is
therefore the duty imposed upon the convention by
the responsibilities of the situation as -a ell as by the
expectations of the party.
Up to this point every step taken in the campaigu
has been in the direction of a triumph for honest Re
publicans. The attempts of the bosses to hold the
primary elections by a blanket ticket tvere beaten.
ThHr efforts to win out at the primaries under the
district system of electing candidates to the conven
tion were beaten. It remains now to defeat any
schemes they may device in the convention to put
their representatives as candidates on the ticket or as
members of the committee. Having thus purified it
self of boss control, the Republican party can com
plete the good work by defeating the Democratic
bosses at the polls and redeeming the city from boss
domination altogether. Such a consummation is well
worth working for in earnest and with tireless energy.
. Farmer? throughout California are reported to be
suffering from a sudden jump in rope. Judge Lynch
has had nothing to do with it, either. j
CALIFORNIA TEA.
T-JJE people of this State have long known its
possibilities and the variety of its resource.
Natifre favors the production of many things
j here. We arc so situated that we may draw upon two
i zones and gather, from the northward and the south
ward, plants that produce what man needs to supply
his necessities and comforts and luxuries. The ques
tion of labor enters into the economic production of
much that nature favors, (live us the labor fitted to
■■ it. in cost and application to detail, and we can pro
duce silk without limit. The mulberry flourishes here,
and the silkworm reduces it to liber. But the industry
requires a surplus of domestic labor or of hired labor
at a low wage. The care of the moth and worm and
the winding of cocoons, the primary processes in pro
duction, stand in the way of immediate development.
It is probable that when California has about triple
: her present population the surplus of domestic labor
: will enable silk culture on a significant scale. Then
may be found in a majority of country homes the
time and skill required to produce and fit the raw silk
for the manufacturer, and it may then become as com
mon as wool is now.
After his recent visit here the Secretary of Agricul
ture is quoted as saying: "One of my pet schemes
I has been tea culture in the United States. This
project I have nursed in my own mind for many
years. The department has been developing tea
plants at Washington in great quantities, and it pro
poses to distribute in favorable localities some four-
I teen million shrubs. < >ne of the chief purposes of my
/■trip across the Rocky Mountains was to find soil and
J climate that would be favorable to the culture of te:i.
i This I did find in California. Just where I cannot
i tell you at present. However. I am satisfied Calif or
j nia has the right soil and climate in abundance. The
Agricultural Department will push its experiments at
once."
The Secretary is right. If he had confided his pur
, pose to our people while here he could have been
shown tea plants, long growing and thrifty, in the
western foothills of the Sierra, and could have prob
: ably been furnished a cup of California tea.
The shrub was experimented with long ago. and the
capacity of our soil and climate to produce it is as
well established as their friendliness to silk culture.
At present the obstructing element is the same as in
silk. It is a question of the lack of abundant and
cheap labor. Rural families in the foothills have pro
duced tea for their own use, though its quality would
be improved by more knowledge of the processes of
picking, drying and preparing the leaf.
Tea-planting has also been tried successfully in
1 South Carolina, and in that State appears no natural
obstacle to its development. Before the abolition of
slavery it had come to be regarded as a possible in
dustry of great value. Since the substitution of free
for slave labor it is subjected to the same conditions as
| in California.
It is to be hoped that the Secretary will send -i
' generous portion of his tea plants here. If a few
ranchers in the foothills, who will treat them intelli
gently, can get them and get proper instruction in
picking and curing the leaf, there will be laid the
foundation for production in commercial quantities.
It is not to be expected that any one will devote the
; land and the capital required to put out at once i
i large commercial plantation of tea. But when a large
number of ranchers have by the use of an acre or two
shown the merit and profit of the industry, its enlarge
ment may be expected..
Tea grows in our latitudes in China and Japan, and
it is noteworthy that the industry began there by the
i production of tea for domestic use by the producer, j
I and never became of commercial importance until |
its use had been domesticated in Europe.
The next visit we have from the progressive Secre
tary of Agriculture he must be shown the tVa shrubs
i of California, which have long stood as witnesses to
I our capacity to supply a cup of American tea.
The Evening Post of this city outdid itself last :
| night. It gave a thrilling account of the arrival in the
bay of the transport Sherman and the California Vol- I
i-.nteers. not only sixteen hours ahead of the morning j
papers, as is its wont to claim for similar achieve
ments, but forty hours ahead of the actual occurrence.
| No such feat has ever before been recorded, not even !
in evening journalism. Can it be possible that the
Post has been trafficking again with mediums?
Now that Maitrc Labori has resumed his place in
I the Dreyfus court-martial his troubles are just begun.
! For the next two weeks he will be kept busy thwart
| ing the efforts of fool friends to pat him on the back
in the region of that sore spot.
The wedded life of Lady Randolph Churchill and
! Lieutenant L. G. M. Cornwallis-West surely should
be one of happiness. Their friends are unanimous that
the marriage will be a failure.
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
I
THE Democracy is no doubt just now under the
heavy thumb of two national bosses. Governor
Altgeld and Colonel Bryan. When the Ken
tucky bolters gathered in their convention they wired
i Altgeld for orders and he responded with his com
; mands. adding, "If you don't do this you would bet
ter adjourn." In the lowa convention Mr. Cato
Sells was the leading candidate for Governor. His
nomination was believed to be the only tiling nece 3 
' sary to unite the two factions of the party by cutting
' loose from the Populists. Colonel Bryan appeared in
: Dcs Moines. made two speeches, put his orders on the
I delegates, and Mr. Selis withdrew from the contest,
! declaring that it was by Colonel Bryan's dictation.
Such a situation never before appeared in a national
party. It i> evident that under this duplicate dictator
ship the platform of 1896 will be readopted and with
i additions that will be novel.
Altgeld, in his Chicago interview, said that it must
have a plank in favor of Government ownership of
all the leading business activities. He declared that
the growing tendency to municipal ownership was the
entering wedge to Federal ownership, and that mv
' nicipal ownership, wherever tried, had proved the
I wisdom of the scheme.
It i- well, in view of this surely impending policy,
to go back to the argument first used in this country
in favor of the Government going into business.
It began with the experience of the city of Glas
gow. It was widely published and is still current that
Ihe people of Glasgow pay no taxes, and that the
whole government is supported by the income of the
strtet railways and of the water and fms plants.
Recently Mr. Robert Watt of this city, one of the
i -.ve'l-kpown promoters of the Valley road, inquired
«.f a friend in Glasgow as to the facts touching the
frccdrm from taxation of the people of that ci'y.
The Oakland Enquirer has published the response.
The facts are found to be, first, that the basis of muni
cipal taxation in Glasgow, as in all other municipali
: tics in the British i?les, is the rental value of property.
Property is taxed upon a certain rate per pound ster
ling of its leasable value. Property with a rental
value of more than $50 per annum is taxed two
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
shillings and twopence per pound sterling, or 52 cent.}
per pound, or eleven per cent of the income, and
property of a less rental value is taxed one shilling
and sixpence per pound, or seven and one half per
cent of its rental value. The Enquirer, comparing
this with taxation in Oakland, finds that in the latter
city the rate runs from ten to fifteen per cent of the
rental value of property, or an average but slightly
in excess of the average property tax for municipal
purposes paid by property in Glasgow. S<> far the
facts settle question of the levy and collection of
city taxes in Glasgow, and the very slight difference
between their amount and the taxes paid in Oakland.
Now. as to municipal ownership. Glasgow lias a
population of 800.000. in round numbers. Before that
j cit\ took ownership of the street railways they paid
tc it an annual rental of $13,000 for use of the streets.
The profit to the c-ity of operating the roads is now
$45,000 per year, or a gain in income over the former
street rentals of only $32,000. As the city issued in
terest bearing bonds to buy the roads, it would add
to the interest of the statement if their amount were
known and the annual interest charge and whether
the latter is first taken out before the net profit of
$32,000 is made to appear. Of course the presump
tion is that this is done, though it is not stated. The
wages paid to employes on the Glasgow street rail
ways average $5 25 per week of sixty hours. Here,
again, it would be interesting to know if this wage is
more or less under municipal than under corporate
ownership.
The charge for city gas in Glasgow is a fraction
above 50 cents per thousand cubic feet, but the gas
coal costs only $1 50 per ton, and the local market
takes the by-products of gas-making at a handsome
profit. The water rates do not seem to pay the cost
of supply, for there is a general levy of 12 cents on
every $5 of property value for water.
The Glasgow gentleman who furnishes the state
ment says that the story that the income of the street
railways supported the whole cost of the city govern
ment probably rose out of the fact that these railways
arc able to maintain themselves without an annual
deficiency to be met by the taxpayers.
While the facts as shown are of the greatest inter
est, they are by no means complete. In addition to
the lack already mentioned it would be interesting to
know how much taxable property was lost to the city
when it became owner of the roads. Its income from
such taxation should be set against its profit of
$32,000, and would probably show an actual deficit
lof a large amount as the result of. the change. As the
question of municipal ownership, originally set in mo
tion in this country by the mistake about Glasgow's
freedom from tax, is in agitation in this city, the ex
perience which bears upon it is of very great interest
to our people.
THE KAISER AND THE FRENCH.
KAISER WILLIAM has given the world another
evidence of his desire to win the- favor of the
French. He has followed his visit to a French
naval training ship and his complimentary address on
that occasion by unveiling on the battle-field of St.
Privat, near Metz, a statue designed to commemorate
the valor of the men of both armies.
His words were notably strong and clear. He is
reported to have said: "I desire that the meaning of
this figure be generally known. It stands on this field
as a guardian of all the brave soldiers of both armies,
French and German, who fell. The French soldiers j
who found a glorious grave at St. Privat also fought |
bravely and heroically for their Emperor and father
land. When our flags are lowered in greeting before
this bronze statue and flutter mournfully over the
graves of our dear comrades may they wave over the
tombs of our foes and whisper that we think sorrow
ing!}" of their brave dead. With deep thanks and an
upward glance to the Lord of Hosts for the guidance j
he so mercifully vouchsafed to our great Emperor. !
we will recall that the countless souls of all who once
stood face to face in hot encounter will look down ;
upon us tlii- day from where they stand around the i
throne of the Supreme Judge, united in eternal '■
peace.
There is in our language a mocking proverb which
declares, "Soft words butter no parsnips." but from
the wisdom of the ancients there comes a fuller truth
in the saying. "A soft answer turneth away wrath."
The course of the powerful Emperor of Germany in
persistently speaking conciliatory words is bound to !
have its effect upon the minds of the French. He may
not lead them to put away the dream of a victorious
war that will enable France to recover her lost prov
inces, but he will certainly allay irritation and antag
onism and thus check any desire on the part of the j
French to hasten the coming of that war.
According to a story which has been going the '
rounds for some time, the Kaiser is very eager to at
tend the exposition in Paris next year, and it has
been said all his kind speeches are designed merely
to enable him to accomplish that purpose. It is !
hardly likely, however, that the Kaiser has been j
moved by so slight a motive. It is more probable he j
desires to visit Paris for the purpose of conciliating I
the French than that he desires to conciliate the
French for the purpose of going to Paris.
All the great statesmen of Europe arc impressed
with the conviction that the balance of power on that
continent is in a state of instable equilibrium. An
outbreak in the Balkan States or in the Turkish em
pire may involve the Continent in a general war anJ
lead to a reconstruction of the political map. More
over, the whole structure of society is insecure. The
oppressive burden of immense standing armies is felt
everywhere, and socialism in one direction and
anarchy in another tend equally to undermine the
fabric of government.
Under such conditions it is not strange a wise
ruler should seek to allay old enmities and make
friends with his neighbors. There are reasons for be
lieving Russia, a power that is as much Asiatic as
European, has been playing fast and loose with Euro- j
pran alliances for a long time. The German Emperor |
may not have much fear of a Russian alliance with
France, but he can have as little confidence in Rus
sian friendship for Germany. In any case it is better j
for Germany to have the friendship of France, and the I
Emperor is doing all he can to attain it.
The Colorado boys could have taken no prettier
method of showing their appreciation of San Fran
cisco than by turning out as they did to help decor
ate the streets for the home-coming of the, California
Volunteers.
A Santa Barbara rancher was struck the other day
by an ice wagon. An impression has been gaining
ground that the southern part of the State was getting
to be altogether too swift, anyway.
Titania and Bottom would never have gained im
mortality from the pen of Shakespeare had the Bard
of Avon ever suspected that two such characters as
Gage and Seamans were to exist.
Since a sneakthief attempted to steal a jeweled
scarfpin last Sunday at Recreation Park the baseball
magnates have been driving spikes into their dia
mond
"STEVE" BRODIE, LATE OF THE
BOWERY, HAS MOVED TO TUXEDO
STEVE BRODIE,
Tuxedo.
SUCH is the card Stephen Brodie, Esq.,
some time of the Bowery, will here
after distribute by way of fixing him
self in the minds of his friends. He
tells the story:
"It's on de level. No, T'm not kiddin'.
for klddln' don't fit in at Tuxedo, and
dats where I'll hang out from now on.
"It's like dis: I flew de coop on Harlem,
where I sells my brownstone front for six
teen fousand— half lon' green, half I'll
see you later.
"Den I gets out me roll from me Bowery
safe, makes good up to fourteen t'ousand,
chores around to me friend. Herman Rin
aldo, who runs a real estate joint on
Grand street, and plays de whole w<id
down for a deed to de Tuexdo, and I've
got It in me jeans, see?
"Say, me new graft is a good ting fer
fair. Jt has fourteen rooms and two bar
rooms by way of entertaining mugs wat
visits me.
"1 can stand for it. all right, for I've
trained up to it gradually, as you might
COMMUNICATIONS
WAR CORRESPONDENTS.
Editor of The Call: The San Francisco
Chronicle of July 27, lVift, contained an
editorial alleging the following' facts:
1. That the war correspondents at Ma- j
nila were misleading: the Amprican peo- |
pie and attempting to punish .General
Otis. r
2. That censorships, such is General
Otis was enforcing, had been maintained
ever since war correspondence was in
vented.
3. That "during the Civil War General
Sherman threatened to hang Whitelaw
Reid, correspondent of the New York
Tribune."
4. "'That he (General Sherman) turned
Murat Halstead out of the army in the
must summary fashion."
5. "That General Grant also made an
example of another famous correspon
dent. "In each case where the presence
of :i newspaper writer was tolerated his
letters and telegrams were rigidly super
vised."
My communication published in The < "all
August 5, \SK>, pronounced these state
ments to be untrue.
The Chronicle of August fi had an edi
torial reviewing my article In The ('all of
! the day before and disingenuously as
serting by implication the truth of Its
previous editorial without positively deny
ing a single one of my statements. Its
last editorial prudently omits any refer-
WATCH THE DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING.
ws- EEP your eye on the dome of the tallest structure in town. If
l^k*. you do so, you will know exactly when the transport Sher
man has reached the homestretch and is about to enter the harbor.
Immediately after the ship is sighted by the Merchants' Exchange
The Call will send up from the dome of its building a box kite, the
same as used by the United States Weather Bureau. Attached to
this kite will be a sixteen-foot flag, which will be sent to a point
300 feet above the dome, thus making it 615 feet from the ground.
This will be of sufficient height to be seen not only by the resi
dents of San Francisco, but also by those of the neighboring towns.
Every one will thus have the promptest kind of notification, and
can make his or her preparations accordingly for participating in
the welcome to ''the boys." Be sure to keep your eye on the dome.
ence to Sherman's threats against Reid
and refers me to the files of the New York
Independent for proofs of its statement
concerning Sherman and Halstead.
i have only to reiterate the statement
that both these latter charges against
General Sherman are false and to de
mand specific proof of their truthfulness.
It matters not what the Independent may
have published. I am safe in saying Sher
man never threatened in any public man
ner to hang Reid; nor did he run llal-<t« ad
out or the army for articles written by
him as a war correspondent. When any
responsible person will furnish . reason
able proof over his own signature that
either is true I will apologize to all con
cerned or traverse the statement to the |
satisfaction of all concerned. Certainly !
neither Reid nor Halstead has ever made
such statements.
The Chronicle also refers me to Gen
eral Horace Porter's articles in the Cen
tury Magazine for proof of General
Grant's attitude toward war correspon
dents. I do- not need this reference, for I
am also safe In saying that Porter never
made any such statements as the Chroni
cle contained,
Will the Chronicle please producj them?
The Chronicle says triumphantly that
"it was expressly stated in recent tele
grams that the denial of a chance to
make names at the front in the Philip
pines was one of the grievances of the
signers of the round robin." Probably
recent telegrams did so state, but these
were Otis' telegrams.
The correspondents complained that I
they were not allowed to send the facts
because General Otis did not want the
people at home to be in possession of
them.
, These correspondents need no defense
from me. The people will decide between
their well tempered complaints. and Gen
eral Otis' censorship.
Nor dp I wish to. be misunderstood con- |
cerning General Sherman. He was the
Irreconcilable enemy .of all war corre- ,
spondents and never attempted conceal
ment of the fact.
General Grant treated all war corre
spondents fairly. The Chronicle's charges
against him in this regard are absolutely
untrue. My army acquaintance with him
antedates that of any person now living
so far as I know and was sufficiently
intimate to make me final authority in !
some particulars. General Porter and
General .lames Harrison Wilson, now
commanding the Departments of Ma
tanzas and Santa Clara. Cuba, will vouch
for this S. CADWALLADER.
Fall River Mills, Aug. 22.
.o;,-:-. ; ■ — ■ ■
DEATH IN A COLLISION.
Erminia Tommasini Killed by a Train
in San Mateo County.
A fatal accident, in which Erminia
Tnminasini. aged 24 years, was the vic
tim, occurred on the Southern Pacific line
a short distance north of the Spring Val
ley Water Company's pumping station at
Beimont. San Mated County, at ft o'clock
yesterday morning. Tommasini was
driving a delivery wagon and started to
cross the track, when the northbound
train dashed into the vehicle. It was
broken into bits by the impact of the
engine and the unfortunate driver was
thrown thirty feet from the track. The
train was stopped, Tommasini was taken
aboard anil started for San Mateo for
ni' dical aid. but before he arrived there
he breathed his last. The responsibility
for the accident has not yet bi en deter
mined. Tommasini had been working in
San Mateo about two weeks and but
little is known of him. but from letters
found on his person it is thought that he
has relatives residing in Fresno.
. —•-. j
"Brick" Wanted a Free Lunch. i
A. W. MePherson. better known as
"Brick," who recently cam" into promi
nence over the opium conspiracy, went
into the Majestic saloon on Market street
yesterday afternoon aiul partook of a
plate of soup. Just then Milo Waldron,
one of the proprietors, came up to him
and ordered the waiter not to wait upon
him. "Brick" was told to quit, as his
presence was not desired, but he refused
and was arrested for disturbing the peace.
■ ♦ .
Result of an Old Man's Fooling.
Fetor McKay, an old man li/Ing at 46
Bruce place, was foolinp with a friend
yesterday afternoon at Seventh and EPOl
pom streets when he slipped and fell. He
was picked up and sent in thn ambulance
to the Receiving Hospital, where it was
round that his left thiirh was fractured.
say Foist I lived on Cherry Hill, den on
Hester street, den de Bowery, next on One
Hundred and Sixth street and now I m
folleying <1c push to Tuxedo and am tit to
do mopelf proud.
"Will de swells, me neighbors in de park
near by. kick? , _
"Say" what fell? I'm a actor, and Tux
edo has entertained Curley Belno. whose
hair was longer dan mine, but as a actor
he is 30 cents alongside of me. Did fur
ley Beloo ever jump from a bridge or sing
a song on do stage? What?
"Bui I'll hit it off all right wid do real
tings down dere. I hear dere church Is In
debt. I'll pay it out, and give some boodle
to de Catholic church— not to play no ta
v'rites—and if dnt don't do 'em proper I 11
give a dinner to 'em what'll put dere eyes
OUi tor de real Wine I'll tap.
"I hasn't got me golf goods bought yet.
but dere's to be a punchin' bag in me
house dat'll be at dc service of any willip
boy who need? settin' up.
"Oh. 1 don't know, dere's woi.se dan me
arrive.] all right, and it's no hmidred-to
one shot I'm not a club director down dere
before de Bowery goes dry.
"Will me old pals be welcome? Say. dcv
gets de glad hand and rie merry eye when
ever dey telegraphs dere- baby to send a
carriage to de station, for 'em. What?
Well, s'long."
Brodie's home will be in Tuxedo village,
not in exclusive Tuxedo Park, where none
but members of the Tuxedo Club can have
residences.— New York World.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
"The case of Dewey. said \\ itherby.
"indicated perhaps better than any other
illustration the character and temper of
the American people. I declare, when I
think of it all, I am almost ashamed of
my own country."
"To what do you refer?" asked his
friend Yon Blumer.
"I refer," said Witherby. "to the ab
surd and advanced species of hysteria
which seems to possess my fellow-coun
trymen when even the name of this naval
officer is mentioned. No one. I assure
you. can more fully estimate and appre
ciate the services of this man more than
I do; but to slop over in the way we are
now doing is nothing short of a national
disgrace. On one side are the yellow
journals, thinking, of course, of nothing
but their own interest, and raising a
Dewey howl, and even the most sober
minded people on the other side seem to
have caught the infection. When the poor
man comes home think of what awaits
him! It is awful to contemplate. Brass
bands dinners, mass-meetings, adulations.
It is all sickening. Thank heaven that I
for one am free from all this."
"Then you are not going to celebrate
Dewey 's " homecoming?" Inquired Yon
Blumer.
Witherby brought his hand down on the
table with" a resounding whack.
"No sir!" he shouted. "I have, of
course, written for his autograph and
photograph and asked him up to a quiet
fittla meal at the club, and 1 shall also
let off about one hundred dollars' worth
of fireworks and present him with a
little serapbook of the war 1 have had
bound for him. but aside from this I shall
do absolutely nothing."— Puck.
. ♦ •
Short, Sharp and to the Point
The late Due de Sagan used to relate
this story: King Frederick William 111
was very snaring of words, as is well |
known, but one day he was told there was
at Toplitz, where he was then drinking
the waters, a Hungarian magnate still
less talkative than the King. An oppor-
Xunity for a meeting was soon' managed,
and the following conversation took plate,
the King beginning:
"Bathing? "
"Drinking."
"Soldier?"
"Millionaire."
"Good."
"Policeman?"
"King."
"Compliments."— Boston Beacon.
. ■ ♦ ■ 1 —
The Baby's Profession.
A Parisian flaneur relates that the fol
lowing conversation took place in an emi
gration office. The father of the family
presents himself and asks for tickets.
"How many are you?" asked the agent.
"Three— l. my wife and my child."
"Good; your age, your profession?"
"Thirty "years, carpenter; my wife, 24,
needlewoman."
"The boy?" asks the agent.
"Seven months."
"His profession?"
The father's eyes formed Gothic arches
on his forehead.
"His profession. I pay." repeated the
agent, angrily "We have no time to lose."
The father reflects, and at last replies,
"milkman."— Exchange.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
T. F. OAKES— J. 1,.. City. The ship T. j
P. Oakes is classed in Lloyd's as an iron
ship.
W. F. GOAD— H. A. R.. City. W. F. :
Goad was never elected Mayor of San I
Francisco.
BROOKLYN BRIDGE— E. A. T., Siege,
Cal. Brooklyn Bridge is 135 feet above- !
highwater mark.
Tin: ZEALANDIA— S. J. S.. City. No
time has yet been fixed for the departure
of the Zealandia for San Francisco.
THE YACHT METEOR— E. F.. City.
The yacht Me&or, owned by the Emperor
of Germany, was built in 18% and has
nevfcr sailed under any other name.
CLAIMS— J. P. C, City. If this corre-H
spondent will send a self-addressed and
stamped envelope this department will
furnish the desired information.
AFTERNOON AT HOME— M. S., City.
When one attends an afternoon it borne
the guest should make a party (.all on
the hostess within ten days after th" -it
home.
N A TIONAL ( ! UARDr-C. ft D.. City. \
question by another correspondent as to
the effect of a dishonorable dlachanra I
from the National Guard was answered
in this department August S, .1899.
6NCE MORE-A. S.. City. Once more
comes the question. ''When does the
twentieth century begin?" it begins Im
mediately upon the termination of the
nineteenth century, which Is on tho last
day of the year 1!WI, consequently" thp
new century commences with 1901.
TO SAN JOSE-E. L. EL, City Jf a '
wheelman wishes to go to San Jose from !
San Francisco by the San Bruno turnpike
he will have to wheel a distance of fifty ■
two miles: if he takes the ferry-boat inri !
Starts from Oakland he will have o wh "el
about torty-six miles, and if he soct hv
boat and train to Fruitvale he will have
to go but forty-two miles.
THE IRISH SEA-oTTcity. The Irish
Bea is a continuation northward of St
George's Channel, separating the north of
Ireland from the central districts of the
United Kingdom. Between the coasts of
Louth and Lancaster the Irish Sea haa a
width of 120 miles: Its greatest length be
tween St. George's Channel on the south
and tn.p North Channel on the north i<»
also about 120 miles. l 3
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. G. A. Marvin of Blue Lakes is reg
istered at the Grand. =•
C. B. Younger Jr. is registered at the
I Lick from Santa Cruz.
T. W. Marfarlane of Honolulu is a
; guest at the California.
Frank Barrett, a wealthy banker of
Palo Alto, is at the Lick.
K. Berg, a traveler from Moscow, Rus
sia, is a guest at the Palace.
W. D. Keyser, a stage owner of Hop
land, is a guest at the Russ. -::■ ";
Dr. A. M. Gardner of the Napa Insane
Asylum is a guest at the Lick.
C. K. Shaw of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his family.
Dr 11.I 1 . D Carper has returned from his
trip'to'Dawson and is a guest at the
Palace.
T W Wilson a well-known and promi
! nent lawyer of Susanville, is an arrival
at the Russ.
! Dr. and Mr?. E. A. Watt are registered
iat the Occidental from their home in
Cambridge, Mass.
| James. L Flood and wife have returned
j to San Francisco from the East and are
' staying at the Palace.
A. B. C. Dowdell of St. Helena and T.
! R. Jones of Sacramento are among last
i night's arrivals at the Grand.
Warren Saxton, a big fruit man and
prominent attorney of Oroville, Is one of
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
Morris Ansel and F. Bruce, two English
globetrotters, came to the city, on the
Doric yesterday and went to the Palace.
H. Goldsmith, a merchant of Stockton,
and 11. A. Jastrdw, a Supervisor of Bak
ersfleld, are both registered at the Grand.
George W. Reinhart has returned to
Oakland after several months' sojourn in
Montana and several of the Northwestern
States.
Mrs. W. H. White and family of Oak
land will spend several weeks at her sum
mer home, Longwood farm, in Sonoma
County.
Rev. A. Clark and- family came up to the
city from Los Angeles yesterday to help
welcome cur boys home. They are at the
! Occidental.
State Senator H. V. Morehouse is at
| the Lick, where he arrived last evening
for the purpose of seeing the return of
! the volunteers.
James H. Prather, a wealthy fruit
grower of Suisun, is a guest at the Rubs.
Lieutenant B. K. McMorris is registered
I at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Nagasaki and family are
at the Occidental, where they arrived
yesterday by the Doric. Mr. Nagasaki is
j a prominent banker of Tokio.
Paris Commissioner Benjamin C. Tru
man is at the Occidental, accompanied by
his wife and daughter. He has come to
witness the parade, and will return to his
home in Los Angeles as soon as the cele
bration is over.
Prince David, the nephew of ex-Queen
Liliuokalani, is a guest at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday from Hono
lulu. He is on the way to Washington
to see his aunt, who is reported to be
dying from the effects of a cancer.
The hotels are beginning to fill up with
those who are arriving in the city for the
purpose of witnessing the home-coming
festivities of the California Regiment.
Most of the hoetelries are already crowd
ed to their utmost capacity and those
which still have some rooms vacant are
holding them for people who have en
gaged them in advance and will arrive to
day or to-morrow.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEAV YORK. Aug. 22.— G. C. Salch and
G. E. Dalton of San Francisi o are at the
Imperial. Owen Downing of San Jose is
at the Bartholdi. J. E. Parish of Lh>B
Angeles is at the Manhattan.
Among the passengers on the American
line stearm-r Now York for Europe to
morrow are the following San Francif
cAae: Mrs. Emily Boy Ben, Mrs. Doming
Smith and Miss Hilda Van Sicklen.
i r ■ — —
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— V> llliam A.
Sherman and wife of San Francisco are
in Washington and will sail for Europe in
a few days. F. C. Drew of San Fran
cisco is at the Raleigh.
CAKEWALK MUSIC.
Policeman Duane Proves a Failure as
an Expert in Judge Conlan's
Court.
Policeman Duane was put on the stnnd
as an expert in Cakewalk music in a cas>e
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday, but ho
proved an absolute failuce, much to the
surprise of Prosecuting Attorney Low,
who had been notified of his proncivncy
in that particular line.
The case was that of J. Dalacucca. pro
prietor of a saloon and dance hall at r.^l
Montgomery avenue. He was accused of
permitting music to be played in his Dlaca
after the hours regulated by law: Ser
geant Christiansen and Policeman Duana
made the arrest and testilied that when
they entered the place about 2:30 o'ciocK
Monday morning they found several
couples duing a cakewalk to the music of
the piano.
Dalacucca testified in his own behaif
that several couples came to his placa
after he had locked up for the night, say
ing they had come over on the last boat
from «>aklan<l. and they wanted to oheve
him some new tricks in eakewa'iking.
They making no noise and simply
< moylng ih S 'in^:\ <
Duane was called as an expert on c.ik**
wtilk music. He was ask. l if he siw any
dancing and he replied "No." The Judge
then asked what was the character of the
music and Duane replied, "It must have
been the piano." The Judge, although
balked, returned to |he charge and asked
"What time wore they keeping?'
Duano, Innocently replied, "About 8:15
o'clock." The Judge concluded that Duano
was i!(.t a competent witness, but Prosv
cuting attorney Low begged to give him
another chance and asked persuasively,
"Were they doing a Jigtime, ragtime, or
what was it?" am! I Mian. > replied, "W-'!l,
it m . ni<?il tn in- :\ bard time." He was
excused and tin- Judge continued thy case
till to-day.
Peanut taffy: best in world. Townsend's. 4
Flags, pictures and decorations for sale
in quantities to suit at Sanbbrn <St Vafl's. •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Open
daily from !> a. m. to 5. p. m. •
. ♦ .
Treat your friends to Townsend's Call
fornia glace fruits. 50c per li. in Bre
etched boxes. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.'
Special inlorrr.ation supplied daily to
business houses and public men by iha
PiVbs Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Uoni.
Korutry street. Telephone Main 1042 »■
Hearst Plans to Bo Admitted Free
( ustomß < oljectof Jackson received a
telegram yesterday from the Secretary of
the Treasury to the effect that the Hearst
comt>otitiv»-> plans for the university ai
Berkeley would be exempted from'*th<?
payment of duty under paragraph 603 ol
the regulations.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been useci for fifty years by millions of
mothers. for their children while Teething with
perfect, success. It soothes the child, softens
the Rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic regu
late? the -Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising, from teething or
other causes. For, sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs
Wlr.slow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
— — . m « .
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30. the popular Sante Fa
route will aell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the v-pry low rate of JSS S5. Occa
sion. National Encampment, G. A. R. Call at
628 Market «t for full particulars.
HOTKL Bfii, CORONADO-TaKe aflvantaM
of th« round trop tickets. Now only $60 by
Eteairship. including fifteen days' board at
hotel longer stay. $2 50 per day. App'.y at i
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
/SHOT HIMSELF WITH
A PAWNSHOP PISTOL
PATRICK H. CURRY, a boiler
maker in the employ of the Risdon
r- — ' Iron and Locomotive Works, com
i> mined suicide in the pawnshop of
S. Goldstein. 231 Third street, yes
terday morning. Curry went into the
shop and on being handed a revolver
which lie asked for deliberately placed
the muzzle against his temple, tired the
revolver and fell to the tloor a corpse.
At first there was no clew to his iden
tity except the Initials "P. H. <■..•' which
were tattooed on his arm. He was un
known to he owner pi the pawnshop and
was considerably under the Influence of
liquor when he committed the act. Pur
insr last evening a woman. Mrs. O. Kane.
who keeps a lodging-house at the corner
of Harrison and Fremont streets, called
at the Morgue and stated that she knew
the suicide. She threw an air of mystery
about The affair by refusing to divulge
either h»r own or the name of the suicide.
On being ouestionod by Deputies Flan
nigan and La Combe, the woman said
that she would send the man's relatives
to the Coroner's office later and went
away. This last matter she failed to at
tend to. Last night about 11 o'clock, how
ever, other persons called at the Morgue
and gave not only the name of the de
ceased but that of the mysterious woman.
Curry was Jo -years of age and resided
with his wife and two sons at -412 Harri-
Eon street. He had been drinking consid
erably for the past few months and drink
is supposed to have been responsible for
his deed. r
Curry was first seen at the People's
Loan Office, at 668 Howard street, kept by
M. Harrison. He asked the clerk for a
six-shooter. He was handed a five
shooter, and he requested the clerk to put
In the cartridges.
"What do you want with the car
tridges?" asked the clerk: "you have not
even asked the price yet." The clerk
thereupon took the weapon out of the
man's hand, seeing that he was under the
influence of liquor, and the would-be pur
chaser went out of the shop.
The next place visited by the suicide
was the pawnshop of Mrs. A. Attell at 255
Third street. Charles Attell. a son of the
proprietor, waltf-d on him. but as Attell
had no cartridges the man went out. say-
Ing that he had no use for a pistol without
cartridges.
Abe Goldstein was in charge of the
KEYSTDNE STATE
BOYS BID THE
CITY FAREWELL
Quietly Mustered Out
Yesterday.
The Pennsylvania Regiment was quietly
mustered out of service at the Presidio
yesterdays The men were all paid off
it took over $180,000 to do it— and then,
laden with bundles and satchels and
baskets, they made their way down into
the city. At half past 7 last evening they
met at the ferry depot and 11 9 the first
section of their train left for the East.
Since Sunday the regiment had been
potting itself ready. There has been
nothing bur packing for forty-eight hours.
ana yesterday there was a stream of bag
gage leaving the camp from eariy morn-
Ing to past noon. The process of paying
off was commenced In the morning and
was finished about 4 o'clock. Colonel Bar
r.ott and his staff being the last to ap
liear before the paymaster. In the case
of the officers three months' pay was held
out until their accounts shall have been
accepted at Washington; tKe-y were al
lowed their travel pay. however. The
men were each given a month's service
pay, two months' pay additional as al
lowed by Congress, travel pay to Pitts
burg and the bajances on their clothing
accounts.
The men will be furnished with arms as
soon as they cross the Pennsylvania
State line, in "order that the regiment may
appear to the fullest etrvantage when
it parades for the last time at home.
It will be Nebraska's turn to-day. The
paymaster will be out again with his
money bags dnd before to-night the First
Nebraska win be a matter of history. It
v. ill take longer to pay off the Nebraska
boys, for the Nebraska Regiment is one
cf three.battalions. while that from Penn
sylvania has or had but two. The Ne
braska men will leave for home Friday
morning on a special train.
September S has been set as the date
for the mustering out of the Colorado
rr.fn. They will have a pay day some
time this week and a dress parade Sat
urday night. Monday they will turn in
their arm?.
The assignment of recruit:' to the Pueb
la has been cut trom SCO to 650. as 800 was
found to be too large a number for her
accommodations. She will sail August 31
with Captain Devore. Twenty-second In
fantry, as quartermaster.
tenant -Wallace B. Scales. Troop F.
Sixth Cavalry, left the Presidio yesterday
for Yosrmite Park, where he will rejoin
his troop.
Four regiments instead of three will
come to the Presidio within the next ten
days. The Twenty-seventh Infantry
started from Fort M< •■■ c. Pa., August 19:
the Thirty-first will leave Fort Thomas,
Ky., to-morrow, and the Thirty-fourth
will leave Fort Logan. Coin., to-morrow.
The other regimen* will be the Twenty;
sixth, now being recruited at various c+i
tirr.s in the Ea3t. ■ . '
The four regiments will make a total of
over T«000 men. There- is not room for all
four :it the Presidio, so one of them will
hay« to bo sent to rhf detention enmp at
Angel Is!an<*, orieinaHy intended fnr the
accommodation of volunteers who m:ght
have tc-.be quarantined. The casuals
now in carap" 1 and 2 at the Pn-siuio
aro being moved to th«^ old Tenne.-sp?
carnr> to jr.'ikc room f"r the- newcomers.
Camp No. 1 is heirsg Increased to n r.-gi
mental camp, and accommodations for a
band iire- being .'sdrled. Camp No. 2 is
b^ing fitted tin fir two regiments, with
quarters for tv. n band?.
• The thrf'e horse bourns appointed by
General-Shtifter to purchase horses for
thf cavalry in Maclla .are doing gond
work.- So far about 2'^ head have been
CURES
While You Sleep 1
/ 7\ • Krre is relief
/J*p from pain, from
/Jj nTvdusness and
/ / ffi tiie debility
/ if /*"**<■'* %■'.'{ xs n i c h .'•■•••■ -
( ?& K J 'u x panle« !:. Horo
'i [Z 21 is\ ls lii«'long (ret—
**• *> onl from 'lrug-
*SSX f A r•* fiery and doc-
£K T* i t'lf- 10-'"s bill" If is
P^ffc JL-*s?&tf± ar; f !ie.i by your-
new method,
the result of my 20 years" experience.
dr. Mclaughlins
ELECTRIC belt.
Unlike all others, made to cure. You
a^ply it when you go to bed. You feel
lr« warming. Invigorating and soothing
< urrents flowing through your nervous
system and it induces a quiet, restful
sleep. You awaken In the morning feel-
Ing refreshed.- It gives new life. Call
and -•■•• It; or send for my free booklet.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TO2 Mark»t St.. cor. K<«arny. S. F.; Burdlck
Elcck. cor: spring and Second Sts.. Los An-
t- :-»
ofilce Hcifrs— a. m. to 8:S0 p. m. : Sunday!.
* i,. i. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
pawnshop at 231 Third street. A revolver
af standard make was given to Curry
for inspection. He requested that it be
loaded, and as soon as the cartridges
were placed in the revolver th- suicide
stepped back from the counter, placed the
muzzle of the weapon against the right
side of his head and pulled the trigger.
rh<? bullet plowed a hole through the top
5f his head, killing him instantly. "
Tb.o body was taken to tue Morgue, and
in Inmjpsr will be h^M.
To Improve Schools.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— Angeles
to-day voted on the question of Issuing
$420,000 in bonds for the Improvement of
its public school facilities, $220,000 to be
devoted to high school purposes and $200,
--00 ft to the common schools. The proposi
tions were ■ ted on separately, resulting
In the defeat of the high school bonds and
the carrying of the other. The vote was
very light, little public interest bein:;
taken in the matter.
purchased. One board under General
Rar. -ioiph is In Oregon. Another board la
in Nevada under Lieutenant Home. The
third board, under LUrjtertar.t Eugene T.
Wilson. Third Artillery. Is purchasing at
the Presidio.
In addition to the horses above stated
1 c been received from the East, ani
there are over 1000 en route to thePn
from the F:i~*
BRITISH SHIP CENTESIMA WITH VALUABLE CARGO,
A ~;table to accommodate 1 •>".»• head has
recently been constructed at the Presidio
The next horse transport to leave for
Manila is the Leelan&w. Lieutenant
Dorsey has been appointed quartermaster.
It is expected she will sail some time In
the latter part of the week with 250 horses
on board.
First Lieutenant James S. Parker,
Troop F. Sixth Cavalry, recently pro
moted from the Fourth Cavalry, is a re
cent arrival at the Presidio. He is in
command of a detachment of his troop.
The rest of the troop is on duty in th«
Yosemit.- National Park.
Second Lieutenant Rober.son, formerly
of the Twenty-third Infantry, has been
made a i tain in the Thirty-fifth. He
will U .we at once for Seattle for duty
with Mi regiment.
Corpnr.il Frank D. Neptune, Company
H. First Coioiado Volunteers, died at the
general hospital yesterday morning.
Neptune came here with his regiment.
He Was Buffering from th. after effects of
m:i!f.:ia, and was taken at once to the
hospital. His father, who started out
here as soon as he hear:! of the arrival of
ilie --■ . i: ■■••■■ his son's cr.iulition. will
arrive to-day. The body will be sent back
to Colorado for interment.
Hospital Steward Henry A. Brown, who
has been attached to the transport War
ren; has been granted a •lischar;:;?.
Recruit benjamin Moon.-, having been
Convicte'ii of larceny, has been sentenced
to i>e dishonors discharged, to forfeit
ai: pay and allowances and to be confined
at Uard jabor for three months. Recruit
John V. Conifl convicted of unlawfully
selling clothing, has received th«- same
sentence-; but with two months' confine
ment instead of three. Recruit Claude M.
4 :~r.y has been tir.ed $10 and sentenced
to let nays' conilnement at nard :abor for
ab£<nce without leave.
Adjutant General Weaver of idaho. who
i? now at the Urand; received a telegram
from Washington yesterday which ap
prised him of the fact t::;it the transport
Giant left Manila on July 31 and should
get here about the- 28th of thi< month. The
Gran i la the > •'» ; on which the Idaho
rolnnt^en arc returning.
William M. .Roberts, a private of Com
pany 17 of the casual detachment at the
•■.-.■.)•>. oral Lakcn down with diphthe
ria yesterday. He was sent to the gon
erarhospilJil. This is the third case now
in i"he hospital.
The Keenr.n Jury
Up to a lat ■ hour last night the jury in
he caw of Patrick Keenan, on trial for
nurdering his wife, had not arrived at p.
,-enlict. iiJid Judge Dunne ordered them
ocked up for the night.
A great number of new,, paintings added to
Jump's Art Gallery. 113 Geary st. "V :
■ ♦ ■
Cumming Elected Manager.
At a meeting- of the directors cf the Me
chanics" Institute held last nlgrht Joseph
Cumming, secretary of the institute, vas
?lr-rted manager of the coming fair.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come;
You're welcome. Chronlcie bulldln*. No. 61.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
MOST VALUABLE
CARGO CARIRIED
BY CENTESIMA
Largest That Has Left
Port This Season.
DORIC ARRIVES FROM CHINA
BROUGHT OVER A HEAVY
SHIPMENT OF OPIUM.
Ship Kenilworth Had to Discharge
Some of Her Cargo— First Mate
Sinclair Will Go Out
on Her.
The British ship Cent«slma has sail°d
f r Liverpool with one of the largest and
1 most valuable cargoes that has left this
port :n many v day. She is 2706 tons net
burden and t< ok away nearly 5000 tons of
merchandise. The canned goods in the
would make a good load for an or- I
rj s:z«d vessel, while the remainder
; of the goods would fill another vessel.
Among her cargo the Centesima had
111,56 : canned fruit, 7065 cases
; canned salmon. 1250 cases canned apricots j
-es canned asparagus. The bulk !
lese goods wont to Liverpool, but '
there were coi'sipriinvnts also for London,
st, Manchester, Edinburgh and Gias-
Besides these, the Centesima car
■ ntala uf barley, 3600 barrels of
- 11.221 centals of wheat and a lot of
■-tuffs, tallow, wine and cotton of the
value of $410,023. Ev« rything in the cargo
■ r the cotton was the product of the
Pacific Coast.
Thf- Centesima was longer in port than
any vessel that has come here of late.
S -truck on Centesima Rock ci-ming in
and had to be repaired. This was In Feb
i ruary last - - <>on as she was fixed
up she was taken to Sav.salito and lay
there until she was chartered.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
<">mnany - s Doric arrived from the < ■
early yesterday morning, after a smart
passage of 27 days l" hours from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 17 days 6 hours an '.
Hi : lulu six .'ay? 5 hours 30 minutes.
The Doric left the Sherman in Nagasaki
, and did not see her again after that. The
' transport would take a totally different
course from that taken by the Doric and
Bhould follow the latter into port to
morrow.
The Doric brought over 73 cabin passen- ■,
' gers. 21 second class, 4 Koreans. lXs Ch!-
I nese and 16 Japanese in the steerage. The
steerage passengers went to the quaran
tine station and the cabin passengers
were landed, but the vessel did not so to
the wharf, as the Aztec was In her berth.
It will be some time to-day before the
Doric gets alongside. The Doric brought
over in her cargo 526 cases of opium. This
consists of 21,566 pounds of the drug.
valued at $345,056. The duty on the ship
ment will amount to $129,396.
The brig Galilee arrived from Tahiti
yesterday. Captain Dinsmore reports
everything quiet Hi the islands. The Gall
lee was thirty-eight days making the run
from Papeete to San Francisco.
The. big four-masted bark Falls of Clyde
v.ill sail to-morrow for Hilo with one of
the largest cargoes ever taken to that
port. It Is not so many years ago since
the brig Lurline was considered too big
for that trade, and now the big Falls of
Clyde cannot carry all the freight offer
ing. The big ship has been luxuriously
fltted out for the trade. Cabins and a
dining saloon have -en built on deck, a
steam winch and a donkey engine added
to her equipment and other improvements
made that make the Falls of Clyde one of
the finest vessels in the Hawaiian trade.
Captain Matson is very proud of his ves
sel and he must be a favorite with the
traveling public, as twenty-two passen.
gers have already booked to sail on the
ship next Thursday.
The American ship Kenilworth did not
get away for Liverpool yesterday, as
Captain Taylor expected. The underwrit
ers objected to her going out, as they con«
sidered she was overloaded. Half a dozen
marine surveyors went over the vessel,
with the result that she discharged 2000
sacks of v/heat into a lighter.
Miss Alice l.aland of th.c Adams School
on Kddy street, between Polk and Van
Ness avenue, will make the passage to
England on the nilworth. She has been
engaged by Captain Taylor as a governess
for hio children and will remain with the
vessel until she returns to Ban Francisco,
maybe two years hence. Mate Sinclair
did not leave the Kenilworth as reported.
He will make the voyage on the vessel
and has as good a crew under him as
ever went out of port.
The Harbor Commissioners awarded the
Alaska Packers* Association the two
outer berths at Fremont street wharf
yesterday. The commission will meet this
day week to open the bids for the Santa
Fe ferry slip, which has to be in readi
ness before the first of next year.
. The transport Centennial was put on the
drydock yesterday. It was found that she
was not very much damaged on the rocks
at Manila, and will therefore be repaired
and ready to sail again for the Philippines
in ft few flnvs
■ ♦ ■
Confiscated Cigars Sold
United States Marshal Shine sold by
auction yesterday the Chinese cigar fac
tory at 649 < 'lay street, the establishment
and stock having been seized by Special ]
Revenue Agent Thomas' for refilling cigar |
boxes. Lim Kern was the purchaser and |
paid $536. In addition to the tools, he got
1095 pounds of leaf tobacco and 70,900 un
stamped cigars. '
WILL PROVE
THE DEATH OF
AN EXPLORER
John McKee Verhoeff
Left an Estate.
! WAS IN PEARY'S EXPEDITION
ADMINISTRATION LETTERS ARE j
•ASKED BY HIS BROTHER.
' While Prospecting for Specimens on !
Greenland's Shores He Met
His End— Estates in
Probate.
I Within the next few days Judge Coffey
' will have proof of the death of John Me- i
| Kee Verhoeff. a member of the ill-fated
I Peary expedition, who, as far as can be
| ascertained, met his death in .the month ;
i of August, 1592, on -the bleak shores of
Greenland. Harry Verhoeff, a brother of
the dead explorer, yesterday made appli
cation for letters of administration upon
I his estate, which consists of personal ;
I property valued at $5000, the heirs being •
the petitioner and a sister. Martha Ver
hoeff. who resides In Louisville, Ky. He '.
' was a single man. and his parents pre- <
ceded him to the grave.
In the petition It is Bet forth that the i
dead explorer Was ■■ m in Louisville. Ky..
| February IS, 1566. On January <;. 1891, he
i departed from New York City with the I
Peary expedition destined to explore the :
i region in the neighborhood of the north j
: pole. When near McCormick's Bay, in I
Greenland, he went ashore to prospect for '■
mineralogical specimens, ana was last
seen, on August 10, 1892, by Mr. Gibson, ;
! one of the members of the expedition, as \
Verhoeff was about to start on his pro
posed exploration, from which he never
returned; and though diligent search was
made no trace of him could be found. The
Peary expedition returned home, and the
following year Lieutenant Peary went
: again to the same region in Greenland
*and again searched for the deceased, but
: could find no trace or track of him. The
country in which he disappeared was un- !
inhabited and very cold, and there was
no place where the deceased could obtain
shelter or assistance. Lieutenant Peary
and his associates firmly believe that the
deceased lost his life shortly after ho j
was last Been' by Mr. Gibson. He has :
never been heard from since that date,
and seven years or more have passed :
since then, bo that there is but one con
clusion to reach— that he gave up his life ;
in the interest of science
Prior to ioining the expedition the de- :
ceased v.-as a resident of this city, as is
his hrnthpr thp mnitioner. who is reore-
sented by the firm of Lloyd m Wood.
The will of Anna E. Higgins, who died
in this city March 22. 1896, leaving: an
estate valued at $10,000, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent bequeathes
one-half of h*>r estate to her daughter.
Caroline L. Burns, the other half being
devised in trust to her son, Henry \V.
Higgins. for the benefit of his daughter,
Anna \V. Higgtns.
The will of Antoine Bocquerax. late
member of the firm of Shea. Bocqueraa
& Co.. who died June 10 of this year, was
also filed for probate. Decedent's estate
consists of a half Interest in the firm
named, valued at $75,000; 200 shares of the
South San Francisco Land and Improve
ment Company, valued at 310.000: JO
shares In the Western Meat Company,
valued at $iW>?: 100 shares in the Lon
don. Paris and American Bank, valued at
$13.0*v>; lot on Broadway. Oakland, valued
at $5000; lot on Chestnut street, Oakland,
valued ai $500. and other personal prop
erty of unknown value. Decedent in his
will sets forth that the entire estate is
community property and hence one-half
goes to his widow. Mrs. P. Bocqueraz.
the remaining half is devised in equal
shares to the testator's children. Leon,
Jeanne and Roger Bocqueraz. Mrs. Boc
queraz and decedent's son Leon are
named as executrix and executor, to
serve without bonds.
Matilda C. D •.■■■- has applied for let
ters of administration upon the estate of
Cornelius Denehy, who died on the Zd
ir.st. leaving an estate valued at S53'X).
The heirs are the petitioner, who is dece
dent's widow, and his children, Nellie,
Isabella George and Bessie Denehy.
A I* Redding has petitioned the Su
perior Court for letters of administration
upon the estate of Harriet E. Mowe, who
died on the 14th inst. at her home in this
city The value of decedent's estate is
unknown, but it exceeds $10.0fX». Ella F.
M Redding, wife of the petitioner, a
daughter of the deceased, is the sole heir.
_ — i — — — — — — — —
TRYING TO GET THE
HOFF CASE RETRIED
MOVE TO AVOID ANOTHER TRIAL
OF THE MURDERER.
Petition to the Supreme Court Based
Upon Decisions of Many Noto
rious Criminal Rulings.
The lrsal representatives of thf» people
arc making another effort to have Albert
brought to the gal
wlthout further expense in the com
munity. STesterdaj Attorney General
Tlrey L. Ford and District Attorney
Murphy petitioner! the Supreme Court Cor
a r-hearins of the Hoff appeal. It trill
be remembered that Hoff. who has an
other name composed of twenty-tn
ters, was convicted of killing Mrs. Mary
Clute. by whom he was engaged to !ay
ta In the Mission. Hi I from
ft! Buw dor Court denying a
new • ge Cook having sentenced
him to be hanged. To the surprise of all
the order of the tower court was reversed,
th>^ s Court finiiii'F thai Ju<'.se
■ khid In his Instruction^ to the jury
deali too much with the facts and th" ;m
--t oirourr.stanti'il evidence for
tion of the accui I
The question of motive was p.lfo taken
seriously tnt" consideration b>' the Jus
tices of the higher court. T : "> decision of
the Supreme Court in reversing the judg
ment of the lower court was the subii I
DR MEYERS & CO. are the most
reliable physicians because they are the
mont successful. They are the most
successful for the reason that they are
the m Si skilled and experienced. They
have be«n curing diseases and weakness
of men for more than eighteen years,
and hnve th*> largest and best equipped
• medical institution and the most ex-
tensive practice .in America. They
never use injurious remedies.
NO FAYTILLCURED
Patients czn arrnnße to pay when
they are well, or may pay in monthly
installments as t'.i'y prefer.
■ . fatten and J'rtvat* Book for il*n Frre
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
Thousands are cured annually without
beelnc th« doctors. All correspondence
confidential. No printing on envelopes
or packages to Indicate name of sender.
PRIVATE BOOK FREE BY MAIL.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
73/ MARKET ST., S. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR
Dally. S to 5.
HOURS: Evenings, I to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
much discussion among the legal fra
ternity. The State's representatives be- 1
It eve that the case should be reheard by
the Supreme Court in order to clear up
what may seem to many in the late deci
sion as a conflict with other well known
decisions. The main points in the petition
for a rehearing are summed up in the
concluding paragraph, which reads;
The charee of the trial court, an
given in this case, was well considered
by this court in the Cronin case, the
Morrow case, the Anthony case and
the Durrani case, hereinbefore cited.
and in view of the fact that .said
charge has stood so many years as <v:
mg the law of rhis State upon the
proposition and the further fact that
the point on which this case was re
■ • rsed was not raised by appellants in
their brief herein, respondent never,
therefore, having been heard then.in.
we respectfully submit there are no
good reasons urged or given for tn^
overthrow of the principles laid down
in the instructions involved and that
a rehearing should be granted and the
judgment nf the lower court should be
affirmed.
Tii^ petition for rehearing will have to
be ruled upon before the 3lst of this
month.
BEER WAS OVERWORKED
AND HAD COMPLAINED
TOLD THE DOCTOR THAT HE WAS
A GONER.
Witnesses Declared That His Death
Was the Result of an Accident
and' Was Not a Suicide.
.Coroner Hill held an Inquest yesterday
morning upon the body of Bernard Beer,
the San*ofrie-street commission merchant,
who was found la. Thursday morning
in the basement of his place of business
almost asphyxiated.
Louis Buchinam, the porter, testified that
he found the deceased lying unconscious
on a pile of banana leaves and the gas
escaping from the turned jet. Buchinani
did not rind the odor of gas very strong,
and he struck a match and lighted the
jet. Beer was removed to his home.
The widow of the deceased told how
Beer had recovered consciousness for a
moment and called her by name, but
was unable to say anything more. He
had not been despondent that she knew
of, and he surely would not have com
mittal suicide. A few nights before he
was 'found unconscious in his place of
business he complained that he was very
much worn out; that he was working
very hard. It had been his habit to leave
home about 3 o'clock every morning to
begin work at the store. He had never
threatened to commit suicide.
Dr. Charles Clark, the attending physi
cian, said that on Friday morning Beer
recovered consciousness and remarked
"that he was a goner," but made no state
ment as to whether his condition was due
to accident or design.
The jury returned a verdict of acci
dental death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New York Physician Advises
His Patient to Take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
[LETTER TO MRS. PI.VSHAM SO. 73,936]
" Df.ar Mrs. PIKXHAM — I have three
children and suifered with failing of
the womb and flooding-. My physician
scraped the womb, still the flooding
continued and I was no better. At
last he advised me to use Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Then
I thought I would write to Mrs. Pink-
ham for she could advise me better
than any one if I was to take her reme-
dies. I received her reply and followed
all her directions and I am very g"lad
to send you this testimonial, for Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is
just what it is recommended to be. I
advise a!l women who suffer frr.; 1
these complaints to try it." — Marie
Lemp, li>B Aye., New York City.
"A year asro I was a great sufferer
from painful menstruation. I could
not lie down cr sit down for the dread-
ful pain each month. I wrote to you
and took twelve bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has helped mi- so I cannot find
words to express my gratitude toward
Mrs. Pink-ham. I am to-day well and
hearty." — Miss Jont Salx, Dover,
Clare Co.. Mich.
More than a million women have
been helped by Mrs. Pinkham's advice
and medicine.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/gjg^'KiJiWttkiijj^ £15»4 GEARY ST.. bet
i\alJii^Vr'-lffltlft2^ Hyde and Larkin.
f"TJ»Vgj saatl^Q-. Hyde Extraction..
'^^s^^^3~» haiiiicss i-itraction..
{[?■ . w j -"^Tril CroTsrns"".".".".".'.'.'.s^.OO
[. T 1-- T'lii^ Flesh-colored Plates..
"^^"^ *5.U0
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
tpeclalty. Hiv* recei\%d TEN llrst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 1*
years' txperlence.
V-Tol6 T^ >
Choicest f&uiTs.WiNES.VEGE-
-t-ables. Grains & Grasses
OP C-A.UF nRHi&<~ iir-ra-
G?£KV S'vOCYw SWO^W.
fl§Q\cs Dvtcrtaii\mcT\t.
Exhibits Transported Free
\ Excursion ]\ates To Visitors.
Write F° Particulars;
>ETEIIJ. SHIELDS B^ P Kgi£ N S T
vSECRfcTAR.V. RESIDENT
r«Jh!cliC3tcr - c Ene'jßh Dl-uacsd BraaS. -
ENSfYROYAL PILLS
_/JV~v Orl?luml «isd Only Be-!«!.->o. A
r ./*-*.rv SAFE. »:w»t» rsliuWs. ut,it» ail SV
£• J\ £."->ki Druni'jt tor' ChlcHeatcr ; Enc' X)-o-Jyn^i
&*k^J^tLri,;nd Brandln Kr<" md WJ cieul!ie\%MF
%v \~T>fifj!-.)ie». coaled *ii:i h'.v: ribbon. Tuke \S' r
1^ ••>«* VC'2 no Other. J?«/u.i<u':-.?^"'v.- - .V-.Ki:- >
I"/ — ffftJint find i-nl:z'i M. At or 3ri« 4c.
I C— _'Jr In itampa for pirtienliM, twtlccniili ss4
V«• Bf " Relief for L»<Hr»." m lrt^-. by rrt am
Jk [r ' M»ll. t«>.«0«» TMttesoillJ. WaO4 Piper.
C?fel»h«'te?Chc»*leaXl'o..Ma<<lsonßqgaf%
•U by all toctJ Jr^gii»:»- PU!I..VWA.. i*
..  FiEfXHL-Ti. . U Blff fli » non-pc:jom*»i
•«»>»S^«S(^ ! remedy for Uonorrlicea,
' >ffi»»ir*3oliEb>yja Gleet, Sp«rriatorrhoea,
*®^rio 1 ta 5 4ajii.^g| Whites, unnatural Ji>
BaftSS Ociranteed TgJ rhargi'S. or any 4nf Tmis-
S*SW Dot to 5»10tu.-f. Uon, irritation or i. ■•!'»-
B" <*§ Pr«T«ai« eocttloc tlon of cons mem-
IfJjIrHEEvAMS ChemiriiTo. bran»s. Non-aatringent.
fe» CINCINN»TI,O 'SIR Sold By OrnnftisU.
VBtm. tr '• a jfK or * snt ln P'<»'Q wrspper,
' !^S^ fcj express. Drepiii!. fo<
<1 K |l- rjlJ . ot 3 bottlea,
V**^jHß»y% v H tircwiii wit oft ratt-^A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to Jl 50 day;
(6 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; ftre grates in every
rocm; elevator runs all night.
** .■■ haiii I Corner Fourth and
CAFE nflVrll Market. S.F. Tr,
I ALL UIItAI cur SP«clal Brew
I•IX I I II 111 U I Steam and Lag- r.
Uni L IIUlflL&c. Overcoats ar.d
Valises checked tree. ,
■it ...
i i
1 I
* THe Calls *
■x i ?. y i I it
I 1 11U UUll J!
* . *
* • -X
-X . ■¥.
* © : .:■■;. t. ,: l .i l l :,.; 1 .;..;.. ; .. I . I .. 1 .. ; .. H .. I .. M .. ; ,. : ,, 1 .. ; .,r, r.,M..i..:..i..H» *
1 X j
i ! souvenir! !
! ! EDITION, ! I
j4* ? *
* Designed expressly as a concise *
| history of the t
* - *
I California Volunteer Regiment, 1
¥ *
* Will be issued the day following the J
* arrival of the transport Sherman. *
I The edition will be profusely il- I
; lustrated with views incident to the j
* experiences of the troops in the J
* . Philippines, and will be replete with J
! interesting and valuable information j
{ regarding their movements. It will J
* therefore be an invaluable Souvenir £
5 to all who are interested in the first j
I soldiers sent by California to a foreign t
* war. j
{ • Copies of this edition will be J
i found at all newsdealers, and at the *
I business and branch offices of The *
i Call I
I i
'• , !
AMUSEMENTS. ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
YOU CAN'T KEITpEOPLE AWAY
FROM A REALLY GOOD SHOW!
ANOTHER CROWDED HOUSE LAST NIGHT.
Examiner— "A laugh in even' line." .
j Chronicle—* ' Continuous flow of boisterous nu-
nacr." , . .
I rail— "Sides of the audience ached with
i laughter."
WARDE & SACKETT'S
COMEDIANS
In the Great Success From Hoyt's Theater,
ABACKELOITSfIONEYMOON
STRICTLY POrUL R PRICES.
COLI3MBIA»k~
Every Night, Including Sunday; Matinee
Saturday,
CLAY CLEMENT
'. In His Successful Romantic Comedy,
; "A SOUTHERN
GENTLEMAN"
A COMPANY OF EXCEPTIONAL EXCEL-
LENCE.
I Next Week-CLAY clement
* THE NEW DOMINION."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532. .
A. BRIGHT, JOYOUS AND DELIGHTFUL
PERFORMANCE.
"Laugh and the world laugns with you, weep :
and you weep alone."
ALL THIS WEEK
Yon Suppe's Charming Opera,
CLOVER!
Received Last Night With Deafening Applause |
an i Shouts of Laughter by a
Crowded House. :
NEXT WEEK— "PAUL JONES."
PRICES:
Orchestra ..35c and Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle 25c|Gallery ICe j
i At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 2.'.c. |
Branch Ticket Office — Main Entrant Em- j
porium. ■ :
Great Historical Panorama
I BATTLE I ,
OF
MANILA
Market Street, near Eighth.
CALIFORNIA VO.UNTEERS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SATURDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 2. 1533, i
MON T R liE L.t I i TO
JOHN \A/. SLADE,
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI.
John W. Slade. member of Company A. First
California Volunteers, who wai shot in the !
! right leg at San Pedro Macatl, which neces-
sitated amputation, to assist him in his mis-
fortune a benefit will b? given at the Alhambra :
i Theater on September 2.
I VOLUNTEER TALENT RESPECTFULLY :
SOLICITED FOR THAT EVENING.
EVERY CENT GOES TO THE BENEFICIARY •■
N. B.— Reserved seats now on sale at the ',
\ office. of the promoters. A special sale will be
: held at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s on MONDAY,
i August 28. from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Address all
I communications to E. R. 1 MOSS, room 209, >
i Emma Spreckels building. 1
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee to-day (Wednesday), August 23.
Parquet, 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
" 10c any part.
i HALL AND STALEY,
FREEZE BROTHERS,
MCMAHON AND KINO,
THE CARDOV/NIES,
CARCN AND HERBERT,
MANSFIELD AND WILBUR,
ESMERALDA,
ALEXANDRA DACMAR,
AMERICAN BIOCFAPM.
ALCAZAR™
»
LAST WEEK BUT ONE OF
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
\W%- CAMILLE
| To-morrow Night, Friday. Saturday. Sunday
Nights and Saturday Matinee,
ROMEO AND JULIET.
Next Week. . .INGOMAR
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASOIS!
i THE DEMAND IS ENORMOUS FOR THE
GREAT DOUBLE BILL,
"CavallerjaJßusticana"
- — AND
"I PAGLIACCI."
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Received With Thunderous Applause.
■ Dozens or" Curtain Calls Nightly.
I Most Superb of All Productions.
CAST FOR TO-NIGHT:
Barron n-ithald. Mary Linck. William Merten*,
Anna Lichter. HUI Beckwith, Miss Holmes,
i Signors Fonarl. Z.ipi. etc.
Change of Cast THURSDAY NIGHT.
! POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c.
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9. •
OLYMPIA.
Kd Iy ' trest. Corner M ason.
ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN THE
• CITY.
The Beautiful and Talented
. ,zoa m;*T"rne\A/s,
Queen of Coon Singers.
A Kit and a Big One!
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEAL,
Fistic Comedians.
The High Class Songstress,
IRENE UINTON, " %
In a New Selection of Popular Song*.
Continued Success of
BLANCHE SLOAN LE CLAIR,
Tod Sloan's Favorite Sister.
j CORNALLA \- LE CLAIR and numerous others.
' \ MISSION FREE. MAT. EVERY SUNDAY.
i AMATEUR NIGHT FRIDAY.
PICNICL AND EXCURSIONS.
i „_ .. >
1 CIiITES AND ZOi)!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-KOHBOW. THURSDAY, AMATEUR NI9HT,
FA I LADIES) TUG-OF-WAR
Reserve Seats by Phone. Stelner ISSI.
NEXT WEEK— ADGIE '.
6UTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION, Wei CHILDREN, sc.
I Bath- including admission, 25c; children, 20c
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction off. Sterling Exchange a shade firmer.
Canned goods firm and active.
Linseed Oil marked up. Turpentine firm.
i, raw Bags stand the same.
Wheat and Barley weaker again.
Harbor bare of disengaged wheat ships.
Oats, Corn and Rye continue dull.
Flour and MillstutTs unchanged.
Hay continues weak under free arrivals.
Bran and Middlings as before quoted.
Nothing ne:v in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions sell readily.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue to improve.
Poultry in good supply and rather quiet.
Peaches and Pears advancing again. ,
Grapes and Melons continue in good supply.
Pried Peathes weakening under liberal offerings.
Other Pried Fruits rule firm and in demand.
Provisions quiet at the old prices.
Wool, Hides, Tallow and Hops quiet.
Meat market stands the same.
Charters.
The Artatomene »nd Invercoe load mer- j
ehandise for Liverpool.
The Haydn Brown loads lumber at Fureka j
for Sydney: KUkitat. lumber at Fort Gamble
for Honolulu- River Falloch. salmon at Vic
toria for Liverpool or London, 36s 3d.
Exports of W 'inc.
Kxports of wine by sea from this port dur
lne the first F*ven months of the year were
1.541.200 gallons and 4700 cases, anainst 3,029,-
W0 gallons and 44»i cases during the same
time in 1888.
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
The Ne-w York Commercial says: •■Business ;
has been dull recently, but appears now to
be shaking oft its lethargy, and dealers are
jrettlnc in Bhape for a h.- i( vyy trade in the i
cominc weeks. There are rumors of large
rH*- In an.! about all descriptions, but traced
down they generally amount to but very llt
t> R.^Cf-it sales, so far as can be determined,
have been limited to small lots, scarcely more
than two or three cars of any one variety.
••Apricots are firmly held. 10 cents being the
ruling price on the coast in bags, with some
holders asking 10%gllc A lareer proportion,
crop is said to have passed out of first
hands, and the rest are held stiff by all
me difference of opin
ion her- as to what th<
but there seems to be a well-gr mnded opinion
that it Will be well up the rest r.f the s.-a-
Rnn It isn't so much a shortage of apri
cots as it is that shippers of green fruit and
canners have taken everything procurable,
leaving driers In some instances to search for
supplies.
P.aisiny continue steady. Mail advices from
California confirm, previous reports that the
crop Will be around 3000 cars. Estimates vary
- ■ 1700 cars to 3100 cars, but it is said that
a conservative statement is SOOO The carry
over will not be large, and opening prices are
paid to be contemplated 1 cent at least above
ng. Whether this will prove
true or not remains to be determined.
"There is nothing new in peaches so far as
known. Prices ar- steady at about previous
range Sales are being made at 6 c<nts. but
most holders ask B%c The market shows no
particular strength or activity.
"Prunes are quiet now, but it is understood
that there is active inquiry and that trade is
likely to be active in futures shortly. All
conditions favor a go.'d market this season,
the shortage In the Northwest and in Europe
being responsible for the change in sentiment
this year, compared with last season. Sales
at present are confined to small lots, scarcely
ever more than two or three cars, and the
largest sale of the season, so far as known,
has been less than 30. though no one is quite
r»ady to say just what the number was. The
price" Is said to have been .". cents, f. O. b., la
bags, for the four sizes Santa Claras.
r lines are inactive and Unchanged."
Exports and Imports.
During the month of July the value of the
imports of merchandise inf-i the United states
was {58.925,178 and the value of the exports
194.908,518, showing an ex. ess of exports of
5 < •■-. 140. F.t the seven months ending July
the value of the imports of merchandise was
t448.370.057 and that of exports $887,927,151, the
fxi»«> % \ ! 094 The excess
of imports of gold for the month was |
012. while for the seven months t)>
exports was 13,857,665. The excess of exports
of silver for the month was {1,271,636 and for
ihe seven months Sl".f.M.ss?. The excess of "x
--p-vrm of merchandise over imports for the
s'-ven months ending July 31. 1593. and the five
years following was: 1218.530.270, 171.772,083,
J134.9T' - 8.116. $619,544,135, ;
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian -Pacific Time.)
( SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 22. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka — Independence 82 I
Red Bluff 88 Los Angeles 82
Sacramento 86 San Diego 72 1
Fresno « Yuraa 102'
San Luis Oblspo £6 .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
78; minimum, 56; mean. 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather continues cloudy over Washing
ton and Oregon and clear In the remaining por
tions of the country west of "the Rocky Moun
tains. Light rain has fallen over Washington,
Oregon, Idaho and Northern Utah.
The pressure bus risen over the entire Pacific
slope and is above the normal In all districts
except Arizona and the extreme southern por
tion of California.
The temperature has fallen slightly over
Southeastern California and the greater por
tion of Arizona; elsewhere on the Pacific slope
it has risen.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
•weather In California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 23, 1899:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
■warmer in the interior: light northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday;
warmer; light northwest wind.
Nevada- Fair: warmer Wednesday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Wednes
day: continued warm: light variable wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Auk. — A fierce conflict raged
all day to-day between opposing speculative in
terests on the Stock Exchange. The industrial
specialties were the chosen field of battle and
the" most violent contest raged about Brooklyn
Transit, as has been the case for many days
past. This stock showed evidence of support
at the opening of the stock market and got at
one time over a point above l*st night's closing
level.
In fare of this support and a rally in Inter
national Paper from its severe loss of yester
day the bears turned their attention to other
stocks which seemed for the moment to offer
a more vulnerable point of attack. Sugar drop
ped almost immediately 2Vi on account of the
cut of the price of relined sugar by the pom
-1 ...ny and the meeting of it by competing con
e -ms Steel and Wire Ir.st two points on the
•:(lure of the listing committee Of the Stock
Exchange tc art lavorably on the application
nf ihe company for the addition of the st... k
In Lhfl listed department of the exchange. Later
in the day Manhattan and Consolidated Gas
were added to the objective points of the bears.
All these stocks were so severely handled as
to check very materially the disposition to hnv
railroad stocks, which showed itself in con
tinued force during the early hours of the trad
ing Much has been hoped by th« friends of
Brooklyn Transit from the publication of a
statement of the company's finances and esti- !
mates of earning power under the recent con
solidation. The statement, when published. ;
proved to be obscure and the estimates were :
so far from satisfactory that a perfect deluge '
of stocks for both accounts was poured upon
the market, carrying the price down by suc
cessive stages to "-* above par. an extreme droo >
of nearly six points. Only the must determined |
support checked the decline at that point, enor- ;
mous Individual blocks being taken before the I
rally was affected. The stock was lifted again |
to 102 T , and closed at 102 V The demoralization ]
In Brooklyn Transit was shared in lesser de- ]
grees by Sugar, which dropped an extreme Hi: |
Manhattan, which lost at one time nearly four j
points, and Steel and Wire common and pre- !
f erred; Federal Steel. People's Gas and Metro- ;
polltan Street Hallway, which declined from j
one to two points. The extreme weakness of J
the specialties was ignored for a time in the j
railroad list, where there were early advances !
in Denver and Rio Grande. Norfolk and West
ern, the Reading stocks, Baltimore and Ohio
and Wheeling and Lake Erie second preferred,
the latter rising over two points. The contin
ued nd violent decline in Brooklyn Transit
caused sympathetic depression throughout the |
market, "earlier gains being mostly wiped out j
and a number of standard railroad stocks, in- |
eluding the grangers, dropping a point or over
below last night's prices The rate for call
money rose to 4 per cent late in the day, prob
ably not without manipulation, but aulcklv
yielded to 3 per cent, near which It had ruled
all day. The final rally in Brooklyn. Transit
afforded relief to the whole market and losses
were partly retrieved, the most active special- |
ties recovering from one to two points.
There was a notable advance late in the day >
in the Norfolk and Western stocks, after the. ;
common had reacted a point with the general
list. These stocks show net gains of 2 5 , tor
the common and 1' , for the preferred. London
EOld about 2i:,u<jO shares on balance in tins j
market.
The bond market was active, but changes \
were small and Irregular. Total sales, par .
value, {2.675.000.
United States bonds were unchanged on bid |
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing |
Sold. Stocks— Bid
14.350 Atchlson 22% j
28,750 Atchlson prefd •«< :
6,010 Baltimore & Ohio ■'■I 1 * i
Canadian Pacific 97
100 Canada Southern 53>i .
6,050 Central Pacific...". .v.' 1 , i
1,00) Chesapeake & Ohio 28V4 <
2,600 Chicago Great Western i l"'- •
5.050 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 136*4
1,650 Chicago Ind & St Louis 9*A ;
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 40
525 Chicago & East Illinois 77' i j
1,400 Chicago & Northwestern 1«1 : -* <
17,5^0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 119»u ,
SOO C C C & St Louts 66 |
SSO Colorado Southern 5*3 ,
550 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46 |
Colorado Southern 2d prefd I 7' 4 ,
2,200 Delaware & Hudson 123 j
400 Delaware Lackawanna & Western 17tvj j
4,250 Denver 4 Rio Grande 23U j
3,40'J Denver & Rio Grande prefd 77 s
100 Erie l-" 5 s
300 Erie Ist prefd 38-i
100 Great Northern prefd 167 .
510 Hocking Coal 17Vi :
Hocking Valley 27 1 * !
1,000 Illinois Central lloVa '
400 lowa Central 14 I
i 1,050 lowa Central prefd 57 1 -.:
1,400 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 10%
Lake Erie & Western 21
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 80V»
Lake Shore 201%
10,300 Louisville & Nashville M'»
26,575 Manhattan L 113
2,900 Metropolitan Street Railway 202%
1,500 Mexican Central 14%
500 Minn & St Louis 75
300 Minn & St Louis prefd 7H\
7.650 Missouri Pacific 49
Mobile & Ohio 43
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
2.630 Missouri Kansas <v Texas perfd 40*;
1.00") New Jersey Central 119
2,100 New York Central 13SV4 I
33,2.ii) Norfolk & Western -''■<.
12,250 Norfolk & Western prefd 73 S 4
12,550 Northern Pacific M' 2 :
1,225 Northern Pacific prefd 76:4
3,700 Ontario & Western 26*.
Oregon Railway .<• Nay 43
100 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 74 l ,i
6,200 Pennsylvania 135%
2,600 Reading 22 ■
26,690 Reading Ist prefd 61%
6,620 Reading 2d prefd 84%
Rio Grande Western 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 7S
200 St Louis & San Fran 11%
i St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd (9
500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37%
200 St Louis Southwestern ' 16%
1,125 St 1/ouis Southwestern prefd 38%
23,960 St Paul 133%
S"t Paul prefd 174
100 St Paul & Omaha 111%
40.655 Southern Pacific 33%
2.2::'> Southern Railway 12%
4,550 Southern Railway pref<j 54
1.500 Texas & Pacific M' t
13,420 Union Pacific .45%
9,550 Union Pacific prefd 77%
Waliash 8
1,700 Wabash prefd. ■. 23%
100 Wheeling & L E 10%
1.478 Wheeling & L F. prefd 25%
1,000 Wisconsin Central 16%
P C C *• St L 77 -
Express Companies—
Adams 113
ISO American 140
i United States 50
Wells Fargo 12
Miscellaneous —
3,033 American Cotton Oil 43%
700 American Cotton Oil prefd 94%
300 American Malting ir.i.,
100 American Malting prefd 66*
1.2 ■' American Smelting & l!"f 43' i,
5,500 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... 91
American Spirits... 6
American Spirits prefd 2S
200 American Steel Hoop.. 37V.
500 Steel Hoop prefd S2>*
9,750 American Steel & Wire :,t;!~
1,600 American Steel & Wire prefd 98.-
-! 3. "50 American Tin Plate 42%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 58
, 12,370 American Tobacco 122' 2
....... American Tobacco prefd 145
300 Anaconda Mining Co 66%
15K.475 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 102%
1,620. Colorado Fuel & Iron 51%
! 7,610 Continental Tobacco 46%
1.900 Continental Tobacco prefd 97%
7,275 Federal Steel .- ;,s ;
600 Federal Steel prefd Sl»s
General Electric : 12:;
300 Glucose Sugar ' fir
-100 Glucose Sugar prefd 106 "
6,960 International Paper 3<jU,
International Paper prefd ;•■:?.
Lacletle Gas 67%
262 National Biscuit 471.,
100 National Biscuit prefd y,:.
National Lead 32U,
National Lead prefd 112%
3,0.*0 National Steel 55
360 National Steel prefd '171
100 New York Air Brake 137
300 S'orth American 12*4
2,147 Pacific Coast 46U,
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84"
Pacific Coast 2<l prefd 64
300 Pacific Mail 46*;
I 90,450 People's Gas 11314
1 1.025 Pressed Steel Car -
ion Pressed Steel Car prefd S9
200 Pullman Palace Car i.-.s
1 Standard Rope & Twine s.i
I 80,420 Sugar 168%
200 Sugar preM 119
7.550 Tennessee Coal St Iron 9$
6,546 United States Leather 9%
3,950 United States Leather prefd.. •> 7414
100 United States Rubber 49'
220 United States Rubber prefd 11514
F.I Western Union ;. SS',4
I 693.490 Shares Sold
THLJS SAJN IKANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1599.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 4s reg 100% M X & T Ids 68* i I
Do 3s reg 108*1 Do 4s 94<4
Do os COUP l" v - N " V C Ists 111%
Do new 4s reg...130%;N J C gen 5s 120
Do new 4s c0up.. 130% Car 6s 128
Do old 4s reg 112' 2 Do 4s 104
Do i. ld 4s c0up.. .113'; N Pac lsts 113
Do 6s reg Ill 1 Do 3s 67
Do Bs coup 111*). 1 Do 4s 103% i
Dist of Col 3.655. ..117 IN VC& St L .107*4. I
Ala Class A 109 N & W con 4s 95%
Do class B V* Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay Ists 113*4
Do Currency 100 Do 4« 102%
Atch gen 4s 10214 Or Short Line 65. .130
Do adj 4s *7' 2 I)., con as 113%
Can So 2ds lit Reading gen 45.... BSV4
Ches & Ohio 4<-=.. ,'T's R G W Ist? 95%
Do 5s 119 St I. & I M C 55. .114*4
Chi & N C 7? 143N, St I, & S F C, 6s. ..124 .
Do B F deb 55. ..122 -St Paul cons 1.0
Chicago Term 45.. 90 St PC & P 15t5... .121%,
D & R G lsts 106 i Do :,s 122
Do 4s .. 100 !So Railway 68 110
E T V & Q lets ... 98% Stand B & T fis... 83%
Erie gen 4s 72 Term new set 3.= ... 95
F W ADC Ists... SO Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..115
Gen Elec 5s 118% Do 2ds '•.ST*
GH&S A6s W D Psc 4s 10*
Do 2ds i" jWabaslrlsts 116
H&T Css no*, Do Ms 101
Do con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114}*
lowa on lsts 115% Wts On 15t5....... 76J4
KCP ft G lsts.... 71 Va Centuries 8n"-»
La new con 4s 106 i Do deferred 5
L & s uni 4s 100 IC & S 45. .1 86 1 *
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar IS Ontario J 75 I
Crown Point i:> Ophir 1 «} |
Con Cal & Va 1 88 Plymouth » !
Deadwood 60, Quicksilver 1 » ( >
Gould & Curry 35 Do preferred Son
Hale & Xorcross.. 2S Sierra Nevada fin
Homestake 65 00 i Standard * BO
Iron Stiver fifNUnlon Con -4
Mexican 4S| Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [West End 9 r .
Call loans 4 ©5 i Do prefrd 113
Time loans 4%@5% Westnghs Elec oOU
Stocks— i Do prefrd Bf)
Ateb T & S F 23 |Wls Central 16%
Do prefrd 66 7 »; Bonds— i
Amer Sugar 153% Atchison 4s ....100
Do prefrd 120 I Mining Shares-
Bell Tele ..345 Adventure 9
Boston & Albany. .2ss lAllouez Mln C 0.... 6'«.
Boston Ele iO9%|Atlantic 27
Boston & Maine. ..l 94 Boston & M0nt.. ..350
Chi H & Q 136% Butte & Boston 75
Fitehhurg prefrd. .llß Calumet & Hecla..S4o ;
Federal Steel .'.B (Centennial 3*
Do prefrd SI Humboidt 2 T 4
Mexican Cent 15 jOsceola Si>
Mich Tele 98 jQuincy 157
Old Colony 20« St Fe Copper  15% '
Old Dominion 35 Tamarack 225
Rubber 43 IWinona 11*4
l*ni(in Pacific 45% Wolverines 4fi>-;
Union Land 8 ,I'tah 43
London Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were harder in tone to- j
day. Paris was tranquil and Transvaal de- ;
velopments better. Americans were fairly ac
tive, but of Irregular movement, closing at
the best on New York support. The features [
were Baltimore and Ohio (on Berlin buying).
Denver and Rio Grande issues and Northern
Pacific. Foreigners also rallied. Spanish 43 |
were SS"-ic. Tintos. 44' 4 ; Anacondas. 11 11-16.
Silver is still weak on American sales. The !
bottom Is thought to have been reached.
•SIN<;.
LONDON. Aug. Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 79%: Union Pacific
preferred. v- ; Atchison, 23%: Grand Trunk.
S 3 *: Anaconda, 11%. Bar Silver. 27 9-16 d per
ounce. Money, I*4 @2 per cent.
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Money on call steady
at 2*404 per cent: last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
Mercantile, 4 » i 5 per cent. Sterling Exchange, '
firm with actual business in bankers' bills at !
$4 »,r...',i4 86*4 for demand, and at $4 83'iHj4 S3'?
for 60 days. Posted rates, $4 84 and $4 87%.
Commercial Bills. $4 82%®4 S3V4. Silver Cer- '
tificates. 60#60%c. Bar Silver, »9%c. Mexican ;
Dollars 47% c Government Bonds steady. State
Bonds Inactive. Railroad Bonds irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1273,060,892; gold reserve,
{216.050.616.
f- ~^ -♦
New York Grain and Produce.
&_.. — : »
NEW YORK. Aug. FLOUR-Receipts,
30,165; exports, 41,133: sales, 6000; barely
steady and dull, owing to the wide difference
between buyers' and sellers' views. Winter
straits, 13 30®3 40; winter extras, $2 45<g2 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 205.675: exports, 206.484;
Bales, 1,950,000 futures, 421,000 spot. Spot easy;
No ° red 77", ■• f. o. b. afloat spot: No. 1 |
Northern Duluth. 80% cf. o. b. afloat; No. -
re d 7",' elevator; No. 1 hard Duluth, 88% c
' spot options opened steady on cables at un
changed prices. A subsequent sharp decline
was Invited by light outside trade and unfavor
able export talk, persistent short selling and
liquidation. Near the .-lose moderate covering
brought a rally, and helped by com the mar
ket left off firm at a partial &c advance. May,
81vb©S2%c closed 829»c; September, r513-16<8
76 9-16. closed 76% c; December, 78%@79%c,
Closed 7!' 1 .-
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Finn.
AVOOL— Firm. -.:...■;■■■.:
METALS— lnterest throughout the day in
the local market was centered in tin and pig
• Iron which advanced In a substantial manner
■on good demand from all quarters. The news
j from European marked averaged up distinctly
! in favor of the market generally and advances
i from the West were construed of encouraging
purport to sellers. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants nrm, mm »m jiv* t>ia
a IjAKK* COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
IjAKK I'nri'Eß- T"nclianß<?d at $18 50.
TIN— but firm, with $3160 bid and
$31 7% askfl
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and $4 65
SPELTER Dull at $5 65 nominal. The
brokers' prices for lead Is $4 35 and for copper
$18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady; net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 29,250 hugs.
Including: August and September, $4 35; Octo
ber, $4 40; November, $4 45; December, $4 SO;
March, $5; July, $5 25. Spot Rio dull, nominal
and easy, mild, slow.
SUGAR— Irregular and nominal: fair re
fining fair; centrifugal, 96 test, 4'».<-; molasses
migar. 4%c. Refined quiet.
BUTTER Receipts, 10,039 packages; steady.
Western creamery, I7'&2lo; factory, 13@15%c;
imitation do, H@l7c.
EGGS Receipts, 12,157 packages; steady.
Western ungraded, l-'<i 15c at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— California dried
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, Trie
wire tray, *Vift%\bc; choice, 4 iS9c; fancy, y@
'.!■.,,
PRUNES SU'SSc per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal, 14c; Moor Park, 14@16c.
PEACHES- UnDeeled. 11«111<,''.
Chicago Grain Market.
♦ »
CHICAGO, Auk. 22.— Some weakness was
shown at the opening In wheat. Both the
September and December options opened about
%c lower and showed a declining tendency.
j The weakness was not so much the result of
bear news as of the general apathy of trad
: Ing. Speculators appeared to be in the market
more from the sense of duty than from the
ho] of securing profits or saving losses and
the first half hour's trading was remarkably
small. Then a pronounced September liquidat
ing movement set In which lasted well into the
afternoon, and which resulted in widening the
spread between September and December op
tions to 2%c. A good deal of selling of Sep
tember was done by the Northwest, apparently
against liberal country receipts, .and though
; primary receipts continued to be smaller- than
those of last year, expectations of an Increase
had some effect on local speculators and
broadened the liquidation. Attention was also
directed to the relatively greater weakness of
" wheat at New York than here. There were
some bids for cash wheat here, but prices
were about Me out of line as ■ rule, and little
business was done. During the afternoon the
tone of the market changed. September price
had been forced below put figures, and the
tendency to cover shorts was strengthened by
reports of renewed rains. in the Northwest and
by foreign advices that the drought in India
was worse than ever. September liquidation
censed and the market took on considerable
strength late in the session, resulting In a re
covery of nearly all the early loss. Brad
streets reports the world's visible decrease at
1,755,000 bushels. The seaboard late In the day
reported fifty-two loads for export. This
helped in the advance. September opened at
71%@71%0, declined to 70%e and reacted to
71Vs«V where it closed. December opened at
73V"""3 !ic. declined to 73Hc and reacted to and
Closed at 73v4c, an advance of %c.
Corn was weak and especially so for Sep
tember, In which there was a good deal of im
port liquidation. Klevator people and receiving
houses generally were sellers. September
closed %c lower and December unchanged.
| OAts were firm considering the ' decline In
other grain markets and the unfavorable con
ditions affecting oats. Trading was narrow all
day. September closed a shade higher.
Provisions were extremely dull and prices
changed but little The tendency during most
of the session was downward, the result of
lower ho prices. There was a moderate ,
amount of September liquidation done. |
Prices firmed up during the afternoon, the
market closed steady for pork and lard and a
little easier for ribs. At the close September
pork was a shade higher, lard a shade higher
and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged an follows:
Articles^ Open. .High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— „. ,,
September 71* s 71% (ft> '* tV ~
December 73% 73 7 i, 73U 72 ■«
May !""..." 76% 77 76% 76%
■Corn No 2—
September' 3i'« 31*4 30% 3114
December 2* 3 i 28V4 28 '< i „';
May 29% 29% 2!.', I??*
Oats No 2 —
September.! 19»4 20 19% . 20
December 19% 1994 l»Va 19 3 i
May 21-% 21% 21»4 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel— „ ,„,, i
September ...:..... 820 S 22>i S2O 8 22% j
October 830 8 32' 3 » 274 8 32%
j January 945 9 52% 935 a 52 1 -b
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September '. 5 17% 520 5 17*4 520
October 523 " 625 6 22% ■ 525
January 5 42% 5 42% 540 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 5 10 5 10 5 05 6 07%
October 5 12% 515 510 6 12%
January 4 92% 495 4 92% 4:'.'.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour dull; No. 3 spring wheat, 68<971%c; No.
2 red 73% c; No. 2 corn, 32c; No. 2 oats. 21 ft
21% c; No. 3 white, 22>/i'g23c: No. 2 rye. 55c: ..o.
2 barley, 83*49480: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 06; prime
timothy seed, $2 40: mess pork, per barrel. $7 40
<SS 25; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 06®5 20; short i
ribs sides (loose). $4 9005 20; dry salted shoul- I
ders (boxed), $5 62%@5 75; short clear sides ]
(boxed), $5 4605 65: whisky, distillers' finished 1
goods, per gallon, JI 26.
Articles - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels • 23,000 7.00il
Wheat, bushels 91.000 17.0.1 ft
Corn, bushels 345,000 460.C00
Oats, bushels ..'. 540.000 838,000 !
Rye. bushels 7,000
Barley, bushels 89,000 52,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
; market was firm; creamery. 15<J?20e; dairy, 13@
17c. cheese, firm. S%@loc. Eggs, fresh, 12Uc.
j <% : . .-»
Foreign Futures.
(> i
. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 % I
Closing 5 10' i 6% :
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Xov.-Feb. i
Opening 19 86 20 80 '
Closing .....19 75 20 75
Flour
Opening 42 65 27 «0
Closing 42 65 27 80
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Special cable and tele
graphic advices to Bradstreet's show the fol
lowing changes in available supplies, as com
pared with last accounts:
WHEAT— States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 665.000 bushels; Liver
pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and in Eu
rope, decrease, 1,100,000 bushels. Total supply,
decrease, 1,755,000 bushels. \
CORN— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 1.910,000 bushels.
OATS— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 177.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port- I
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., in
creased 111.000 bushels last week. i
; 3,
California Fruit Sales.
« ®.
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit:
Peaches— Early Crawford, 65@71ci averaged
70c; Busquehanna, !(o@7sc, averaged 70c. Grapes
—Tokay averaged $1 57. Pears— Bartlett. $1 68@
2. averaged $1*". Plums Kelsey. Bsc@tl 20.
averaged Sic; Yellow Egg, 85@90c, aver
aged 89c. ■ Prunes - Gros, 60c@Jl 40, aver- j
aged fi 30; Sliver, 7O@BOc, averaged 77c. Ten :
cars sold.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Pears— Bart- j
lett, 50c© box and fi.',c half box; Duchess. ]
$1 70 box; Doyenne, 40@65c half box; Howell, |
$1 65 box; Seckels, 90c(!?Jl 10 half box. Plums—
Kelsey's 75c crate: Grand Duke, $1 50; Egg, 50@
55c crate. Prunes — Gros, 55c@tl 05 crate.
Peaches— 6<i<jj6sc box; Orange, 30(§50c; |
Lemon, sO'f/55c box; Late Crawfords, 70c. |
Grapes— Malaga, 90c@$l crate. j
NEW YORK, Aug. 22.— Porters Bros. Com
pany sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts. !
$130^2 35 box; Beurre Clalrgeaus, $1 60. Grapes
—Tokay. SiV<§s4 40 single crate: Tramina, 90c<i* !
%l 35; Muscats, 55070 c. Prunes— ltalian, Ssc(g;
*1 40 single crate: Gros, 55c<g$t 35; FallenberKs,
|I@] 30: other varieties, 40c@$l 05. Plums— Egg,
(oc@sl 25 single crates; Golden Drops, 55c@$l;
Kelseys, 60@85c. Peaches— Elberta, 55e®|l box;
Late Crawford, 40c@<l 05; Susquehanna, 30ci}i
$1; Orange Cling, 40<ft 95c; other varieties, 40®
*:,<-. Nectarines— W@9oc single crate.
Earl Fruit Company's Bales: Grapes — Malaga,
51 15ifjl .{.'), average 28; Tokay, average $138.
Peaches— Elberta, 50@85c, average 87c; Susque
hanna, 55eCa$l 06, average B6c; California Cling.
Ss@9sc, average 91c; McDevitt Cling, average
■'■ . Orange Cling, average 86c; Yellow Cling, '
90c; average S2c. Pears— Bartlett, $1 40@2 20.
average $1 S7. Plums— Golden. . Drop, 70®75c,
average 71c; Kelsey, 60c@$l 20. average 76c; Yei
low Egg, .■•'<■'() ji 10, average Tic. Prunes— Gros, ;
85c@$l 25, average $1; German, $1 15@1 40, aver
age $122; Hungarian, 95c(gJ105. Twenty-seven
cars sold.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 22.— CATTLE— There was J
the usual dull Tuesday market for Cattle.
Sales were slow and weak and declining prices
except for a few choice droves on sale. Good
to choice Cattle, $3 7ii<si6 80; commoner grades,
$4 BO@6 70; BtOCkera and feeders, $3 3o(go; bulls,
cows and heifers, ?2'>/.". 25; Texas steers. $3 50Q)
1 4 96; calves, |4@7 10.
HOGS— was a good demand for the
better cla*s of Hogs at an advance of 2V4®6c,
but common packers sold badly and generally
6c lower; heavy Hogs. $4 lT,fi4 85; mixed, $4 46®
4 86; light, $4 50©4 M; pigs. $4 25@4 75.
SHEEP — was an active demand for
Lambs and Sheep and the market was general- j
ly strong at yesterday's prices. Sheep, $2 2. .'.;.?
: for culls, up to $4 86@4 50 for the best native
j wethers: Western rangers, $3 10@4 10; Lambs,
$3 :,"'';ii 25. Common Lambs were dull and gen
erally 10®lSc lower.
Receipts— Cattle, 5000; Hogs, 14,000; Sheep, 12,
--000.
« : »
Boston Wool Market.
« ■ — «> ;
BOSTON. Auk. 22.— Business in the Wool
market has fallen off In the past week, hut
the -tone of the market Is firm. The business
In territory Wools continues In the lead. The
basis of cost for good lots of fine medium and
fine Is yet about ROc scoured. Fleece holds
firm with conditions unchanged. ' Australians
| owing to the small supply are held at full
I price.
i Territory Wool*- Montana and Dakota, fine
| medium and fine. 18@18c: scoured, f.n«S2e:
staple, 55067 c. Utah and Wyoming, fine me
dium and fine, 16@lSc; scoured, 50c: Maple. f,3@
."."■■■ Idaho, flue medium and fine, lfiif?l7c;
scoured, 50@52c; medium, 17«?lSc; scoured, 45
@46c.
Australian, scoured basis— Combing super
fine, 80(g'S2c; good. 78igS0c; average, 75@77c.
■Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 22.— Clearings, $244.
--■892; balances, $^1,843.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or, Au*. 22.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, TiTUSSc; valley, sS{?s9c; blue stem. 60
€61c.
The damage to the grain crop of the Willa
mette Valley by the heavy rains which have
prevailed for the past ten days Is estimated at
nearly 50 £>er cent. Much of the wheat in the
shock has commenced to sprout and the grain
Which Is not yet cut is lodged so badly that a
large portion of it will be lost.
In Washington and Oregon, east of the Cas
cades, the rains have not been so heavy as on
the west side, and consequently damage to
Brain has not been fh great. Wheat buyers
will not make quotations on new wheat.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Aug. 22.— Wheat showed some im
provement to-day and prices moved up half
a cent In the local market, club being: quoted
at 2 c; blue stem, 60Hc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 22.— Consols, 105%<g106; Sil
ver, 27 9-16 d; French rentes, 99f 90c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers Indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL,, Aug. Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 'id: Wheat in Paris
quiet; Flour In Paris, quiet; French country
markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 22.-FLOUR— St. Louis
fancy winter firm. 7s 3d.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, os 10d; No. 1 Northern spring— firm, 6s
l%d. Futures quiet; September, 5s lO^id; De
cember, fis V*d.
C( ißN— Spot— American mixed, new, quiei,
3s 3-\d; mixed, old, 3s 4>ad.
___ <§>
LOCAL MARKETS.
4 ■ : ■ «►
kxchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *J |2!f
Sterling Exchange, sight — loo.'*
Sterling Cables — 4 ,„ *
New York Exchange, sight — 1"
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — i-tt
Mexican Dollars «» 1 "
Fine Silver, per ounce — «>»/»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— nominal, for
there is not a disengaged vessel In port. The
disengaged tonnage, last year at this port was
26,174. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 38,368 tons, against
19,200 last year, and the tonnage on the way
here has a register of 197,400, against 185,200.
WHEAT— The Centeslma takes for Liver
pool 11,221 ctls, valued at 111,760.
The situation at Chicago continued weak. In
the absence of speculative demand the bears
retained their advantage, and there were more
sellers than buyers. The weather was favor
able and the movement was small. Export
bids were 1c under the market. There was a
better inquiry for export, however, and 32
boatloads were taken at the seaboard. Too
much rain was reported in the Southwest.
The local market showed no change beyond
a slight decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 O6'iii?l 07%; milling,
$1 10@l 12%.
CKIAJ BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 12%; 10,000, $1 13.
Second December— 6000 ctls, $1 12%.
Regular morning session— December— 24,ooo
ctls. $1 13: 2000, $1 13%; 2000. $1 13%; 6000. $1 12%.
May— lS. ooo. $1 18; 14.000. $1 18%; 4000. $1 17%.
Afternoon session— — ctls. $1 17%;
2000. $1 17»i. December— 6ooo. $1 12%; 2000, $1 13.-
BARLEY— The market was lower and very
dull, with Fellers willing to make concessions
and buyers holding off. There was quite a de
cline in futures.
Feed. 80@83%c; Brewing, S7U'a?2 : -c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l ZZV 2 Per ctl.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
Sl%c; 2000, SlUe; 2000, 80% c; 2000, Ro«4c.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls,
82% c; 2000, V :'V'.
Afternoon session— sales.
OATS— There is no further decline, but the
market is dull and weak. Offerings are free.
White. $1 20!g-l 30; Red, $1 05(gl 124 per ctl;
• Black, Soc*isl.
CORN— market continues motionless and
unchanged, though offerings are not large.
Eastern large Yellow. $1 07%; White, $1 o" I *.;
mixed. $1 0691 07»,i per ctl.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at 90(gD2%c per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60ST3 75,
usual terms; bakers" extras, }."! 4093 50; Oregon
and Washington. $1! 40(§3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 2593 40 for bakers' and $2 2S@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 >'/ 1 75;
Oat Groats, {4 75; Hominy. S3 2S®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4Q4 26; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 55@6 95; in sacks. $6 35?»6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
Arrivals of Hay continue in excess of market
needs and the feeling is still depressed in con
sequence, though there is no decline.
There Is no change in Feedstuff-;.
BRAN $15 SO© 17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 ; 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $18 50 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27028; jobbing.
J2B 50#29; Cocoanut Cake, $2Q#2l; Cornmeal,
$23 50(^24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
JlSTilt; ."0: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. ■•-'■ .'OfiS 50 for common to good
and $9 tor choice: Wheat and Oat, $7@9; Oat.
$6®B; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley, $4 50@5 50;
Alfalfa, $54/7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
$9*llo.
STRAW— 2O93Sc per bale.
: Beans and Seeds. •
The market continues dull all around, at un
changed quotations.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 7001 80; Small White. $2 05
m 15; Large White, $1609165; Pinks. $215®
2 25: Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1594 25; But
lers, nominal: Llmas, $4 l<v?4 15: Pea, $2 l'.'h
2 35; Red Kidneys, $292 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. 2«4©3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax, $1 90(g,2 10; Canary Seed,
2 s i(?i3c per Hi for California and B%c for East
ern; Alfalfa, 8%©9% c; Rape. 3c; Hemp. 49
4%c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— $1 2591 50; Green, $150
©2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are moving off readily
at the quotations. Supplies of Vegetables are
not excessive, with the exception of. Corn and
Beans, which are dull and weak.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 90c®$l; Early
Rose.i 75@00c; Burbanks. 75c<g$l per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 25@1 40; Sweet Potatoes, 2@
2%i per Ib.
" IONS 90c@$1 10 per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions. 50975 c per ctl. ■■ '-;■ '.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, 1%02c per lb;
String Beans, lig^e: Lima Beans, 2@2>4c; Cab
bage, 60960 c; River Tomatoes, 50@6uc; Ala
meda Tomatoes, 65975 c; Egg Plant. 85940 c;
Green Okra, 40®60c per box; Garlic, 2ig3e; Green
Peppers, 35@40c for Chill and 40950 c per box
for Bell; Carrots, 30940 c per Back; Bay Cu
cumbers, 25c; Pickles, $1 nOCnl 7.". per ctl for
No. l and 75c for No. 2; Summer Squash, 25c;
Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton; Green Corn,
25@75c per sack, 75c!?z$l 25 per crate for Ala
meda and (o@>6oc for Berkeley;
Poultry and Game.
There will be another car of Eastern on the
market to-day or to-morrow. Receipts of local
Poultry are ample for all needs and the market
is weak and heavy as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll«13c for Gob
blers and ll®l3c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
15?} 17c; Geese, per pair. $1250150; Goslings,
$1 75(52; Ducks. $3©3 50 for old and $4@6
for young; Hens, $4 50©5 50; young Roosters,
$5<56; old Roosters, $4@4 50: Fryers, $4'-i4 50;
Broilers, $308 50 for large, $2 60®3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50<gi 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
<g2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves,. 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter rules very firm, wth a good demand
for moderate stocks. • The tendency in Cheese
Is also upward. Eggs are firm at the advance,
though the Increased prices tend to check the
movement.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 25@26c; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 2r!"aL'4c: good to choice, 21®
22V.c; store. LB®2oc per lb.
Pickled roll. 19@21c; firkin, 16«flSc; creamery
tub, 2fi'ij2l 1 2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, llfTll^c: old. 10
01O%c; Young America, U@ll%c; Eastern, 13
@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 18f522Uc for store and 25(5) j
27^>c per dozen lor ranch; Eastern. 18V4@20c
for selected, 16fi17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All vestiges of the recent glut have disap
peared. The canners are now eager for Peaches
and Pears, and prices for these descriptions
are rising in consequence. Receipts of both
are lighter and this helps to advance quota
tions. For cling Peaches, next week's delivery,
$25 per ton was bid yesterday, while choice
Bartlett Pears were In quick request. Plums
continue dull, though even <hey showed some
Improvement.
Watermelons are doing better owing to the
warm weather, but Cantaloupes and Nutmegs
are a drug in the market. Grapes are steady
and supplies are hardly as heavy as they were.
Apple! are also doing better.
Lemons and Limes are moving oft well at
firm prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 85®60c per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRIES— Blackberries, " $3<ff4 per chest;
Strawberries, $607 per chest for small and $3
©4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 6094 50 per
I chest; Huckleberries. s<fj6c per It).
Grapes, 86®40c per box and crnte for Fon
tainebleau, 35@50c for black, 35@78c for Mus
cat, 40(&6Oc for Tokay and no@7sc for Seedless
Watermelons, $sff}2o per 100.
Cantaloupes, 2o<S7sc per crate; Nutmegs, 10@
25c per box.
Pears, 16050 c per box. according to size:
Bartle.tts, $l<fj"l 25 per box for green and 25@50c
for ripe; In bulk. $20©40 per ton.
Nectarines, 40#50c per box for white and 50©
65c for red.
Figs. 75c per box for double layers of small
black and SSOCOc for large purple.
Peaches, 85©75 c per box and 26<?r40c per bas
ket: in bulk. $17 50025 per ton.
Plums, 25(fi50c per box; Prunes, 35f375c per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $15ig'2O per
ton.
Quinces, 50(5C0c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I®] 75 for com
mon and $2(33 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@4 50; California Limes, — per
small box;' Bananas, $1 ."i)'S2 50 per bunch'
Pineapples. $lfi 2 50 per dozen.' -■;,. -■.'.-.--
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
"Peaches are the leading fruit at the moment,
and are offering so heavily that prices are
giving way. There seems to be a rush to sell
this fruit, but some operators do not think that
it will last long. Apples, Apricots. Pears and
Nectarines continue firm under light offerings.
There have been some short sales of Prunes
at .'('■<• for the four sizes, but It Is a question
whether the sellers will be able to deliver the
goods at this price. Raisins keep in the back
ground.
DRIED FRUIT (Old Crop)— Prunes. 6%c for
40-50' 8 5c for 50-60' 4c for 60-70's. 3%@3*lC for
70-80' ». 2»ifS3>,ic for SO-90's,' 2%@2%C for 90-100" s
and 2i52».ic for 100-110' S.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, 6io6Vic for 40-50' s, s@sVic for 50-60*8, 4<n
4'-ic per It) for 60-70' S, 3%0 for 70-80's. 3@3>4c
for 80-90' and ■ 2%@2%c for 90-100's: Apricots,
lo%@llo for. Royals. 12%@1Sc for Moorparks:
Peaches, s@6c for Standards and 6U<§7c for
choice; Evaporated Apples, 7@7%c; Sun-dried,
4«?5c per Ib; Nectarines. S!ffiS',ic per IV, Pears,
7U,!7iS»/.c for quarters and B@9c for halves;
Black Figs, 2>,;<§2%c.
RAISINS for two-crown. 4 i) ic for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. 4' 2 ' i ? for Seedless
Sultanas. 3W.c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%@3c
-Walnuts, s#Bc for . hardshell. 10@llc
for softshell: Chile Walnuts, U(5 > 12c: Almonds,
new crop, 7'-c for Languedoc and 9%c for pa
per-shell: Peanuts. 6%@6%e for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. BV.(f?9c; Filberts, ll@ll!-£c; Pecans, 7%0
Sc: CocoanutS, $4 ;■<"■;'■.
HONEY— ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light, amber: water white extracted, 7 .i@7',Ac;
light amber extracted, 6!i@7c; dark, 5%c
per Ir..
BEESWAX— 24@26c per It).
Provisions.
The market continues quiet, and were It not
for Government orders would be dull. Prices
remain without change, except a shading in
Hams.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, *' 2 c per lb for
heavy. 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12%p for "extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13% c; California
Hams. 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Beef, 112 60: extra clear. $16 50; mess,
$15015 50; Smoked Beef, 12a per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@5%C per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lh tins. We; 5-lb tins. B%C
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues quiet but firm, and the trad«
looks for a better business as the assortment
increases. There Is nothing doing in Hops, but
the old prices are still quoted. Hides are
steady and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, LO@lo%c; medium. 9©9% c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip. and Veal, L6c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20©30 c each; abort
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70<g90c; long Vvool,
90c@l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 2ji@l 50 for small; Colts, 2^ooc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4%c per Ib; No.
2, .',-i.i' ■<■; refined, ; grease. 2@2Vic.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. 8@llc; San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective. B@9c; Valley Oregon 17®18c:
Eastern Oregon. 12Q14c for choice and 9&11V2C
for fair to good. • .
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8(310c; do
plains. 7(?J.Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun-
HOPS— IS9S crop, 15@17%C per Ib; 1599 crop,
13c bid and refused.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Everything remains about as before quoted.
Beet Is steady, Mutton, Lamb and Veal are
firm and Hogs are scarce, with prospects for
another advance If receipts continue light.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per Ib for Steers and 6Vs(g.7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 10c per Ib.
MUTTON— 7!0'38c; Ewes, 7@i%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. S',ii@9c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 5%@5%c for small. 6c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7QS&C.
General Merchandise.
The market remains steady at the advance,
with a fair [demand.
BAGS Calcutta Grain Bags, 7 1 2 <-; Wool
Bags, 28c; Fruit Bags, s>4c 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of. white and 7®7' / 2C for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. *5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
ill sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cnnnel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and {14
in sacks.
BALE ROPE— I3c per lb.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75'3Roc; As
paragus, 51 i". •';.' 85; Tomatoes, 75<S80c
CANNED FRUlTS— Shipment of 111,550 cases
of fruit to Liverpool. The arrival of a fresh
supply of tin enables all the canneries to re
sume operations. The market continues firm,
with a good demand. Cherries. $2 15©2 30 for
black and $2 lo@2 30 for whit.-; Peaches. $1 35@
1 65; Pears, $1 50®l 80; Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
Plums. 95c®$l 25. ..V/if.
COFFEE -We quote: Costa Rica— l3Vj@l<)C
for prime washed; 11@12%c for good washed;
ll%&loc for good to prime washed pea-berry;
lC@llc for good to prime peaberry; 9@11%c for
good to prime; B@9c nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; *>i^\c fur fair; sVi@
7' 2 c for common to ordinary. Salvador— 9©llc
for good to prime washed; B@B%c for fair
washed; LO@ll%c for good to prime washed pea
berry; 7 i@S%c for good to prime semi-washed;
7Vi@BV»c tor superior unwashed; 7li@7V3C for
good green unwashed: 8%@9%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 5®6%c for common
to ordinary- Nicaragua— for prime to
fancy washed; B@llc tor fair to good washed;
7%®7%c nominal for good to superior un
washed: 8%®9%c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican
— 13<f;lfic for prime to fancy washed; 9Vi@l2c
for good to strictly good washed; 7%(&9c for
fair washed; 7@Bc for medium; 4@6 1 for in
ferior to ordinary; lO@ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; B\@9%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7>*<&B'-ic for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 25@2Sc per Ib; Sole
Leather, medium, 25©26 c; Sole Leather, light,
25 (g -Ho; rough Leather, heavy, 25@26c; rough
Leather, light, 25@26c: Harness Leather,
heavy, 32C|'33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30©
32c: Harness Leather, light. 29@30c; Collar
Leather, 15<316c per foot; Kip, finished, 40®
45c per Ib; Veal, finished, ."."'</ ...V: Calf, finished,
75c((_i$l 20; Sides, finished, 16fgl7c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14@16c; rough Splits, S@loc
per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. ], 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 52c;
raw. 50c; cases, Be more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels. 17. ; No. 1, 42' 2 c; cases. 5c
more; China Nut, 47@08c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure. 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pa
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 2o€il 35 per gallon; wagon colors,
$2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA
—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, HUe per gal
lon; 1 . Pearl Oil, in cases, 16% c; Astral Oil, I6^c;
Star Oil, !6%c; Extra Star Oil. 20% c-; Elaine
Oil, 21% c; Eocene Oil, lS^c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, l»ic; in cases, 21c; Benzine,
in bulk, 16% c; in cases, 20% c; 86 degrees Gaso
line, in bulk. 21c; in cases, 26c
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
9 1 2c; 6s, 11 oz. B%c; 6s, 12 oz, "Me; 6s, 10 oz
6'»e. Granite Mining Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 40s.
10c; 6s, 16 oz. 20s, 10'4c; 6s, 14 oz, 40s, 9c: 6s. 14
oz, 20s, :",c; Ss, 12 ■z. SUe; 6s, 10 oz. 714 c.
Para f fine Wax Candles — Is, Us, 4s and 6s,
white, lie: Is. 2s, 4s and 6s, colored, 12c; 12s,
white. IHjc: 12s, colored. 12>4c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6Vi@7c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 6%®7c per tb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 72c; in iron barrels,
67c; in wooden barrels, 69c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 47c; raw, barrels,
45c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S43 50 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 6VsC; Dry
Granulated. sc; Confectioners' A, iV; Cali
fornia A. — ; Magnolia A. 4\c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C. <*«<". barrels. l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb hags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6c per Ib.
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16(fJ17; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17@1S for No. 1 and $164f16 for No'
2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 20-!72 30; Pickets. $18; Shin
gles. $1 50<?l 75 for common and $2 76 for fancy-
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic'
$21^27. v
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, August 22.
Flour, qr- sks — 2, 368 1 Sugar, sks 1500
Wheat, cxls 2.77S Sugar, bbls ... 40
Barley, ctls 61,796 Lime, bbls.. 31
Corn. East, ctls.. 800 Wool. bags. ..*... 38
Butter, ctls 183 .Hay, tons 557
Cheese, ctls 102|Straw, tons 15
Tallow..' ctla 303 Eggs, doz 11,490
Potatoes, sks 5,743 Pelts, bdls 255
Onions, sks 727 Wine, gals 30 300
Bran, sks 1,000 1 Leather rolls 274
Alfalfa Seed, sks 10 Hides, No ■ 1,016
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska..'.. 823
<» : $
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in local securities
on the morning session, but quotations showed
little change.
The only change worthy of note in the after
noon was a decline in Hawaiian Commercial to
|88 FO
MiniiiK Stocks were steadier as a rule and
teveral advanced a few cents. The telegram
from the pump said: "At o:3m this morning
the water was 32 feet and 3 inches below the
19S0 level. We ran No. 2 elevator one hour yes
terday. Since then No. 1 elevator ran con
stantly."
The Oceanic Pteamship Company's dividend
of 60c will be payable September 1.
The Ureece Mining Company of Colorado h.'
declared a dividend of 5c per share, or 135,000,
payable September. 1. The previous dividend .
was $20, T00 in June. c *^
The Humboldt Placer Mining Company of \
Trinity County has levied an assessment of 1:
per share, delinquent September 11.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, August 22—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— iF.quit O I, Co. 3U 4%
4s quar c0up.. 112 .— Mutual El Co. 16*1 16 V «
4s quar reg.... — — n< ; L & H.... 4v' —
4s quar new... — 130 1 Par Gas Imp. 89% 7054
6s quar coup..loß%HM Pac L Co — 42> t
Miscellaneous — S !•' G & X... 6S?i 69Ti
Cal-st Cab 55. 114 — [San Fran .... 3% 3%»
C C Wat 55... — lim 4 I Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65..129%135 | Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s — 117 Flrem's Fund. 224 226
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H<• & s :.'•.;-.. i>:\. — Anglo .... 60 -fig
1A Ry 55....106U10"U Rank of Ca1.. .275 "7*
L A I- Co 65.. 99 — Cal S D & T., — ?«
in gntd fis.. 99 — First National. 23o 237>l
Do Kind os.. — 100 Lou P <te A. . ..12:<i_. —
Market-st 65.. .126% — Mer Exchange —" 16
Do Ist M 58.117%U7?i Nev Nat 8k..4183% —
N C NTG Ry 7s.HO — i Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal fis.H4'i — Ger S & L..1650 —
N Rof Cal 58.114% — Hum S & L.105U 1160
NPC R R 6b. 105% — jMut Say Bk. 39 —
NPC R R 58.108 107 B F Say V. 500 —
N Cal R R ss. lit -- Say & L So. — S2'i
OGL &II ss.Hl — Sec Say Bk. — 30n
Oak Transt 65. 112 — Union T C 0.1400 1440
dm C Ry 65. .127 • — Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 107 California ....117 121
Pk & O Ry 65. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st It 6s— 12". Marßet-st 61', c,2
Sas El G&R5s — — Oak s L & H. — 50
SF & N P 85.113% — Presi<llo — 16
S F & S JVfis.lls 116 Powder—
S Rof Cal 68.108% — California '" 16.1
S Pof a 6s... infill; 1 ; E Dynamite... -". —
S P C 65(1905).112 112% Giant Con Co 73 73' i -
S P C 8s(1906). — 111 1 : Vigorit 2" •— T
B P C 68(1912). 118 122 Sugar—
BPc Is C 55.102% — Hana P C 0.... 15^ is
SPBr 6s 125',; — Haw C & -Co 98^100
S V Wat ..UK's — Hutch S P Co. 31% 31T4
S V Wat 45. ..104 — Kilauea S C...— 30
S V W4s(Sdm)lol% — Makaweli s C. 50% _
Stktn Gas 65.. 104 107 Onomea S Co. "\ 38
Water Stocks— Paauhau 8 C 33*8 3r>'-&
Contra Costa:. 75% 76 | Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — , Al Pac Assn..H7*ill"i
Spring Valley.lol%lol% Mer Ex Assn.. - 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 90 90H
Capital Gas...,— — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent G Co — — Pac C nor C 0.134 135
Cent L & P... — 7 Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 115 00
25 Contra Costa Water 75 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 :.o
2. . Hana Plantation Co 15 62%
150 Hutchinson S P Co 32 on
230 Makaweli 50 50
$1000 Market Street Ry Ist Con os 117 50
15 Market Street Railway 61 75
Market Street Railway 62 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 18 50
GO Oceanic S S Co ....90 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 89 ST'-i
20 Oakland Gas 4- 25
200 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
Afternoon Session.
Board — > £v"iV
i 60 Alaska Packers'. Assn US 00
i 55 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 98 50
10 Hutehinson S P Co ... 31 87%.
40 Makaweli 50 50
190 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
18 Oakland Gas 48 25
60 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
20 Onomea Sugar Co 37 62>i
130 Onomea Sugar Co 37 75
25 Paauhau S Co, b 5 39 25
Street— ' l.
$2000 Market St Ry Con 5s 117 SO
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50- Contra Costa Water 75 62 1
50 Equitable Gas 4 00
40 Hutchinson Sugar 32 00
50 Mutual Elec Co 16 75
DO Mutual Elec Co 16 624
20 Onomea Sugar Co 37 87%
SOS V Water 10187%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 75 37%
100 Hutehinson Sugar ... 32 00
2." Oakland Gas 4S 25
30 S F Gas & Elec, s 10 69 75
50 S V Water 101 S7'i
';-■: Street—
50 S V Water 101 M j
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 06 300 Gould & Curry. 40
100 Andes 16 300 Hale & Nor 33
900 Andes 17 200 Potosi 35
100 Belcher 34 100 Savage IS
100 Challenge 34 200 Sierra Nevada. 74
200 Chollar 34 800 Sierra Nevada. 75
■ 215 Con Cal & Va..2 Oc 1 100 Yellow Jacket 32
Afternoon Session.
! 300 Belcher 32 200 Mexican 50
; 300 Best & Belcher 60 200 Overman 10
100 Challenge 32 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Chollar 33 100 Union Con 24.
! 100 Crown Point... .22 500 Utah 03
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock i
I Board yesterday: • • /
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 06 200 Con Cal & Val 82%
200 Andes 15 300 Con Cal A Va..l S.i
100 Belcher 31 50 Gould & Curry. 3S
500 Bullion 07 ; 300 Hale & N0r.... 33
] 500 Chollar 31 100 Ophir 112%
900 Chollar 33' 100 Ophlr 1 10
! ICO Con Cal & Val 9JW 400 Potosi 33
| 200 Con Cal & Va..l 90 200 Sierra Nevada. 71
I 500 Con Cal & Val S7H 300 Sierra Nevada. 7"
| 100 Con Cal & Va..l So 100 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 17 250 Con Cal & Val 974
i 200 Belcher 33 ; 30 Hale & N0r.... 34
I 500 Best & Belcher 63 300 Ophir 1 i;.
I 200 Chollar 34 500 Potosi 35
200 Choilar 33 100 Utah OS
200 Con Cal & Va..l 95 100 Utah 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August 23 — m.
Bid. Ask] Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 12 13
• Alta ....• 05 07jKentuck 02 04
Andes 14 15 Lady Wash 01 03
1 Belcher 30 3 1 {Mexican '.... 4S 49
Best & Belcher 5S Occidental 18 2i>
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 1051 10
Caledonia 59 60 Overman 10 11
Chollar ..... 32 33 Potosi 33 34
Challenge Con. 31 33 Savage 17 is
! Confidence 75 $5 Scorpion 02 —
! Con Cal & Va..l SO 185 Seg Belcher 04 06
I Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 6S 61
Crown Point... 21 22 Silver Hill 02 04
] Eureka Con 50 — Syndicate 07 _ .*
Con N V — 02 Standard 2552 70
Exchequer — 03 St Louis — J2
Gould & Curry. 37 3? Union con 24 25
Hale & N0r.... 32 3? Utah 0! 09
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket.. ?•) 31)
ASSESSMENTS PENDING
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and I/iw
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and • low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abouc
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Pntnt:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 2.
Pun rises ". s-3'
Sun sets .:!!6:.M
Moon rises 7:59 p. m.
- jTimel ITirael F t.l^-!lFtlI^!lr-t
S I— —l Ft. I— 1 Ft. ' !Ft ' IFt
• |H W| |L, W| )^J^l__|L W| '
23... 0:30 5.6! 6:33 0.51 1:071 5.71 7:061 0 «
24 ... 1:25 5.2 7:15 I.o] 1:45 5.7 8:« 0.6
2.1 ... 2:24 ; 4.8 7:58 l.« 2:2S 5.51 9:08 0.5
25 ... 8:11 4.3 8:41 2.11 3:15 -7 10:10! 04
27 ... 4:50 4.< 9:31 2.6! 4:f6| 5.6| 11:22 0*
28 ... 6:211 3.01 10:89 2.9! 5:06 5.4
L W H W I. \v ii w "
29 ■■■( 0:35f 0.3f 7:46[ M 11. .I 3.1( 6:13J S.B
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the l»'t •
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid#
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last Ode of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
Time Ball.
•
Branch Hydrographle Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
August 22. 1599.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o clock ]«. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
Continued on i'age 11.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HIS WIFE MADE
HIM TAKE HIS
CLOTHES AND GO
Mueller Divorce Suit
Was Sensational.
.• ''You are no man at all; you gg
.• are a dog. If a man was to re- g»
.• ceive such talk from a woman .•
.♦ as I have been giving you he jt
.• would butt her in the eye.'' .•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Aug. 22.
The above- is but an excerpt fro"m the
highly Inflammable testimony adduced at
the trial of the divorce suit of Ernest
C, Mueller, which was concluded in
Superior Judge Ellsworth's court this
afternoon. A decree of divorce was im
mediately granted on the strength of the
plaintiff husbar.d's testimony, for Mrs.
Mueller did not appear in court to gain
say the husband's statements or contest
the 3uit.
The parties were married about eight
years ago, and along in IS?6. according
to Mueller's testimony, the wife's un
governable temper and extreme jealousy
developed into an unbearable quantity
and quality. On one occasion, after the
truly crushed husband had tried to ap
rease his iritable spouse, she rolled off in
stentorian and angry tones the .exclama
tion quoted above, in reply to which
Mueller simply said thp.t "You know that
1 was not brought up that way, Sadie, to
strike a woman."
On another occasion, in November. 1^56,
after the henpecked man had gotten
breakfast ready, their little 3-year-old
child cried for hunger, and when the hus
band asked the wire to arise she harshly
replied In terms signifying her indif
ference to the child taking residence with
his satanic majesty.
Frequently the wife would lock Mueller
out, so he "testified, and accuse : m of
consorting with other women, and on one
occasion of her suspicion she threw the
husband out of the house bodily and lock
ed the door, calling after him to send an
expressman for his wardrobe. This he
finally did, and went to live with his
parents.
But the woman next became his veri
table Nemesis and called frequently at
his jewelry store, demanding money for
her support. To keep her from creating
a scene he promised to present her with
a set of diamond earrings for Christmas
if she'd be good, and she consented, and
a reconciliation followed, lasting until
the day of the promised delivery of the
earrings, when another quarrel arose, and
according to Mueller. "Sadie threatened
to put prison in my coffee." When he
app«?ajingly doubted her threat she had
replied that "others have done it and I
can do it There are other ways of doing
it too. I can wait until you get asleep
and run a hatpin through your ribs."
Once more Mueller, almost driven in
sane, took his clothes and went for good.
The divorce suit and f»?cree are the
sc-quel. When the decr-#.- was handed
down to-day Mueller volunteered to pay
his ex-wife $10 monthly for the support of
their child, the custody of whom was
awarded the mother.
HIS WILL EXEMPLIFIES
HIS TRUE SIMPLICITY
7. West Martin Leaves All to His
Widow and Asks No Admin
istration Be Had.
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— The will of the
late J. West Martin was filed for probate
to-day by Reed & Nusbaumer, attorneys
for the estate. The instrument is olo
graphic, dated December 1, ISSS. and by
Its terms the entire estate is bequeathed
to the widow, Jane Foote Martin, whe
Is authorized to take immediate posses
sion and assume control of all the prop
erty.
Testator expresses the desire that there
be no administration or distribution and
that no bond be required of the widow,
"I want her to simply take my place ir
the control of my affairs immediately
after my death.'' recites the will, "with
out intervention from any source, having
implicit conridc-nce in her sense of right
and justice to do what she believes to be
right with reference to our children
Thomas E»avis Carneal, Richard Winter
Martin and Shelby Foote Martin. For
that reason I have not made them benefl
riariesin this ■well, and to more fully give
repression to my wishes in regard tc
them I hereby enjoin upon her that she
-hall without delay, at as early a day
is possible, make her will, disposing ol
ier property so left by me as to her may
seem best, and such disposition shall be
Wmed final and conclusive." Richard
Martin, named in the will, died about
wo years ago.
Some time ago testator deeded to hi?
Rife several thousand acres of land in
I'ontra Costa County, alone valued at $88,
--•00, and this deed was recorded this after
loon. Mr. Martin was reputed to be
.vorth close on to half a million dollars.
■ » ■
SHE OBJECTS TO THE
NICHOLSES' COLD STARE
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Miss Jane Hodge,
the aster plaintiff in the $50,000 breach
of-promise damage suit against John
Nichol, the aged millionaire, will have to
give her deposition next Saturday, no
matter whether relatives of defendant are
present staring at ncr or not. Judge Og
den has so decided, and his word is law in
the premises. "You might as well say
that ' the plaintiff refused to testify. '
mused his Honor, "because witness' chair
did not face the north star, or because
It was the wrong time of the month and
the moon had not reached the proper
P When Miss Hodge started to give her
deposition last Saturday she objected to
continue, under advice from her attor
neys Nusbaumer & Reed, because rela
tives of the aged millionaire she claims
once loved her till her cheeks burned,
w*re present. Attorney Mhoon, on behalf
of defendant,, insisted that the relatives
had a right to«ittend on the occasion, when
Miss Hodge suddenly and blushingly ter
minated the deposition by hurrying from
the scene. It was decided to submit the
matter to Judge Ogden, who now rules
that the presence of the relatives is not
legally objectionable.
. ♦ »
MRS. H. D. BACON DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
OAKLAND. Autr. S3.— Mrs. H. D. Bacon
•:g at her home on Oak
• where she hai? resided over thirty
several years Mrs. Bacon has been
valid and has been confined to her
tut prior to that time she was an
Important factor in the philanthropic and
social life of Oakland. She was 'the
■v of the late H. D. Bacon, a promi
capitalist of this city, who died
n years ago.
was the daughter of the
Mr. Page of St. Louis, who was the
-,!.,• r i ' that city. She was born in
• , ■ b*v nty-foiir rears ago. Her
.■ ar< Mrs. Ella Uacon-Soulo, Miss
Bacon and Frank P. Bao
rmer Editor Sued for Divorce.
OAKLAND, An,'. 22.-Mrs. Dr. Marie
Antoinette Bennett-Xash filed suit in the
Superior Court this afternoon for divorce
from William A. Nash. In her complaint
she alleges that for more than a year oast
her husband has failed to provide for her.
The couple were married in 1891, and the
defendant is a well-known Alameda
County newspaper man, being at one time
tart owner and editor of the Berkeley
Gazette. Recently he returned .rim a
trip to the gold fields of the frozen north.
■» ' .
A Journalist's Small Estate
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Public Admlnis- :
Irator Hawes was granted letters to-day j
!
)n the estate of Joseph Emile Marque,
:he French journalist who died at j-:im
lurst on the sth that. The estate consists
•f deceased's gold watch, a lady's gold
svatch. several sc.irfptns and a few
:rinkets, the whole worth hardly $100.
■-■ m ■
WHO FALLS FARTHEST
GETS LEAST INJURIES
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The distance a
man falls is by no means a criterion
whereby to speculate as to the injuries
likely to be sustained. This morning John
Cohen, a painter, aged 45 years, and re
siding on Alcatraz avenue, fell from tho
roof of a house on Railroad avenue by
reason of a painter's Jack slipping, and
when he was picked up, a distance of
twenty-five feet below, it was found that
his injuries consisted of a sprained ankle.
lacerated wound on the left eyebrow at:d
a contused wound on the right side of the
face and head, for which Steward Borchert
treated him at the Receiving Hospital.
About the same time L. M. Gardener, a
carpenter, aged 45 years, and residing in
San Francisco, fell from a stepladdrr
while working at Thirty-eighth street and
Telegraph avenue. He fell but throe feet
and sustained a fractured collarbone,
which Dr. Row- attended to for him at
the hospital.
■ » ■
CHARLES SLICER ALSO
ALLEGES CONSPIRACY
OAKLAND. Aug. 22 —An Independent
suit, but to all Inteni ' purposes about
the same as that Bl ra B. Slicer
Other heirs of the late Hugh Slicer,
wherein a conspiracj that wrecked {he
Alameda Macadamizing Company is al
• commenced to-day by
lea B. Slicer. The defendants in the
r suit are the Alamoda Macadamiz
•.:;>. Piedmont Paving Com
: Rock Company, C. I. Bates
• - Jr.. John R. Tregloan. A.
T. Arrowsmitb M. H. Eastman, James
ley, W. W. Jacob? and ot
names t is asked for
idgment against
r 1 rita interest from
and agai: ii • • -a smith
with interest from May. ISM.
B. Slicer also asks that the
n - : ••any be dissolved;
. ■■ p] Inted, and that
the defendants be compelled to
an accounting.
BELLS TO RING WHEN
CALIFORNIA BOYS COME
BERKELEY. Aug. 22.— As soon as the
'transport Sherman, with tho Ca'.
fl ird, is sighted the fact w
made known to th< of the uni
versity town by the ringing of bells and
the blowii -
The executive committee of the firemen
' and volunteers met last night and d
upon this : ■ iincing the news
which every oi bear. In
r that no mis;uk- as 1 . ;rm of
may be ma - - ildiers
: the bay I v>ill ?t.trt slowly
at rtrst, Inci - stomed
rapidity very gradually.
All Berkeley ex-volunteers who c:ire to
par.f. hand in their
names to Chairman Ray of th-
The volunteers who are I i In the
procession will assemble it I Lumbia
mse at 6 p. m.
LAST OF THE RECENT
PRIZE-FIGHT CASES
OAKLAND. Aug. "2.— me felony cnaree
against Jake Baumgarten as one of the j
principals in the recent prize fight with
Mussa Bryam was dismissed in the Police ;
Court to-day, ending a case that had !
gained much notoriety owing to the many ■
well-known people arrested as being im
plicated either as participants or spec- : .
tators. Baumgarter/s case was the last !
of the celebrated prize-fight cases, and ; :
Prosecutor Leach, In moving its smis- ; ;
sal to-day, said he lid bo in view of ; '
the fact that all the other defendants had ; ,
been discharged either on motion or ac- ; '
quittal by jury, and he was not desirous ; ,
of making fish out of. one and flesh out i ,
of the other. . i ,
» m ■
Arlington's Day for Sentence
OAKI.A.Mi Aug. --— Artnur Arlington.
i of man; true name
is Arthur Brown, and who was convicted
last Baturds I •.koing Mrs. M. M. .
Smith out of" $214— grand larceny— will ap-
Judge Hall for sentence to
morrow. In view of two prior convic-
Arlington in any event cannot cet
less than ten years, and it is in the ill?
--cretlon of the court t" Impose life im
ment. Although it has not I
announced officially, 11 - I t M
ith will m
it-half of his cli-:.t. and ::. the event of :
the court denying- this motion th«»
will be ~ lourt.
For Assault to Murder.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— Edward Rockhill :
was arraigned in the Police Court to-day '■
.on a charge of murderously assaulting
his wife at their home, Forty-third and
Linden streets, last Sunday, and his pre- I
liminary examination will be held to- !
morrow afternoon. Application to have :
his- bail reduced from $2000 was denied by '•
Judge Smith.
The complaint is sworn to by Mrs. j
Rockhill, who denies that she threatened I
her husband's life with a butcher knife. j
She says that the husband stabbed her, j
nnd she further declares now that when I
she shot her husband it was accidental.
■ ♦ ■
Reception to Helen Wilder Craft
OAKLAND, Aug. zz.— Mrs. Helen wilder
Craft, president of the Society for the .
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals at ; :
nlulu. Hawaii, was tendered a hearty r> - '
■ □ to-night by U meda County ;
Society at Its rooms in thf- Blake-Mofmt
buildiiip. Mrs-. Craft gave an elaborate and 1
ting review of thf- humane work
at Honolulu and incidentally related some
of her *xp (i rl"nces that proved most in
structive to the many who thronged the
rooms of th^ local society to-night.
Students Elect Officers.
ALA.MKDA. Aug. SZ.— The Associated !
Student Body of the High School
I th* 5 following officers: President '
Q. C. White; vice president. Milo Hlckox;
rer, Miss Richardson; secretary,
William Musgrove; executive committee— '
Dwicht Scovel, Ralph Weymouth. George !
Burkhurdt and Zona Leonard. The offl- ' J
eers elected by the middle class are: '
President. Evelyn Hall; vice president, ; !
Matilda Shreve; secretary, Gordon Stew- (
■ ♦ .
Canadian-Mexican Wedding
OAKLAND. Aug. 22.— John Howard, a
native- of Ca 12 and Mr ; . '
Jaclnto Bailly, a native of Mexico, aged '
51 year-, wer . _■ at a late ■
hour last night at th< ■• •■ of the
1802 Eighth »tr el Jv tlce of the
Peace Smith solemnizing tho union. The
maid was Miss Abba Bottsina.
William G. Thomas performed the fane- <
tions of best man. ,
Convicted of Simple Assault.
OAKLAND, Aug. 22.— The jury In th-~ i
case of M. Koehne. charged with assault- .
ing Chris Elferle with a deadly weapon i
in nis saloon on the county road last May, •
brought in a vr-rr!ict to-night finding de- ! .
fendant guilty of a simpl* assault. He !
will appear before Judge Hall to-mon
morning for sente
Blind Asylum to Open. ,
BERKELEY. Aug. 21— The State Inst!
--•■.•• forth* Deaf and I jumb and the Blind 1
will open to-morrow for the regular tall <
term. Many applications for adnvssinn i <
have already been filed. It is expected ' 1
that the attendance will be larger this i
year than at any time previous.
THE FERRY SUICIDE.
Some light was tnrown on the Identity i '.
of the young man who committed suicide \ ]
early Monday evening by jumping off the j i
f.-rry-boat Oakland. Charles Umland, i <
employed by Charles Creyer, a butcher at l
1718 Howard street, went over to the Oak- j <
land Morgue yesterday, and thought the j 1
hat that was recovered from the bay be- !
lunged to his brother, Andrew Umland, ; i
who disappeared from his home Sunday <
evening; Charles I'mland know nothing
of the woman who vu supposed to be I 1
with his brother just before the suicide * <
jumped overboard. He says that his <
brother was weak of mind and not re-
Bponslble for his actions. To Charles
I'r.yer, by whom Charles I'mland is em
ployed, the latter said he could not posi
tively declare that the hat was the prop- j
erty of ble brother. [ '.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
IMPLORES HIS
SECOND WIFE
TO BE LENIENT
Charles Wolf's First
Spouse Rejoices.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 22.
Charles L. Wolfs cup of despair ran
over to-day as he sat in his cell and heard
that his first wife had written to me Dis
trict Attorney and had offered to supply
ail the evidence necessary to convict her
husband of bigamy. Mrs. Wolf No. 1 of
Delaware cannot testify against her hus
band, but she sends marriage records; and
as Wolf has no divorce Mrs. Wolf No. 2
will do the rest.
Mrs. Wolf No. 2 received a letter this
morning from her predecessor in Wolf's
affections. The writer expresses the
greatest satisfaction that the man who
deserted her and three children is In
prison, and says that she will forward the
necessary evidence as soon as possible to
prove that she Is still Wolf's wife. The
evidence of his second marriage is al
ready before the court. Miss Mattie
ryrce, the woman with whom Wolf eloped
to Tesla. has not assisted him since he
was taken from the cabin at Tesla by a
constable. Wolf has made an earnest ap
peal to his second wife not to have him
sent to jail, but she has declined to Inter
fere with the course of the law. Wolf
has asked her to call on him at the jail,
but she has also declined to accede to this
request.
wolf thoroughly realizes that he can do
but little, now that he is pursued by two
scorned, deserted wives, and his sole anx
iety Is regarding the length of sentence
eenerally given in such cases.
"I do not see what business it is of any
s if I have twenty wives." said
Wi.if. "My wives are my own business,
and I do not want people to interfere in
mv affairs.'
ABDUCTION OF A
CHINESE GIRL
mere were some umooKea-ror aeveiop
ments in Judge Treadwell's court yester
day afternoon In the case of Wong Suey,
charged with kidnaping Ah Moy. alias
• 'hoy Long, on June 12 last from a restau
rant on Pacific street and taking her in
a hack to Holy Cross Cemetery, where
she was carried away by two older Chi
nese and mysteriously disappeared.
John J. Kerrigan, the hackman who
drove the party to the cemetery, and
Wong Suey were arrested early that
morning while returning from the ceme
tery, but about two weeks ago the case
against Kerrigan was dismissed.-
When the case was , called yesterday
Leong Sun. a sister of Ah Moy. testified
that Ah Moy had been invited to a ban
quet by Ah Chuck on the night of June
12, and that was the last seen of her.
Attorney McKlnlay, who represented the
defendant, said he could produce the girl
in ten minutes, and a recess was taken.
At the expiration of ten minutes Ah Moy
was brought into court, and she testified
that she had been married to Wong Chuck
King, who is supposed to be Ah Chuck,
her ' abductor, by Justice or" the Peace
Cook last Saturday.
The prosecution claimed that the mar
riage had taker, place to save Ah Chuck
from being proceeded against for kidnap
ing, and Judge Treadwell concurred In
that opinion. Kerrigan, the hackman,
had been subpenaed as a witness for the
prosecution, but when placed on the stand
his answers to the questions were so con
tradictory that the Judge ordered him into
custody, md also ordered Ah Moy into
custody, as he was determined to make
a thorough Investigation into the case.
The girl was kept in hiding in Santa
Clara County after her abduction, and the
police allege that Fung Fat. her previous
owner, finally offered a reward of $1050
for her return, and that is the reason why
she was able to be produced In court yes
terday. The question is. whd got the
11060?
ACKNOWLEDGED AS HIS SON.
Witnesses Testify That Captain Hall
Assumed That Relation Toward
Rulofson.
The case of Alfred C. Rulofson, insti
tuted to recover the fortune left by the
Captain WTnslow G. Hall, pains
stn n<rth daily. Mr. Rulofson alleges that
he is tho Legally adopted son of th" d< -
ceased capitalist and is daily presenting
■r-.ofs before Judge Belcher. The
■x.'imi nation of H. E. "^'illhims was
comj'. terday, but his story re
mained as told on oripinal examination.
Edward Bryans, who was employed by
th*- Russell &■ Krwin Manufacturing Com
pany with Rulofson during th« ra i
and IS7I and subsequently entered the em
ploy ■■:' Baker & Hamilton with Mr. Ru
lofson, testified that from 1871 to 189? Cap
■ • tatty called at the store
and took Rulofson to dinner with him.
The witness s.d<i that Captain Hall's ln
• In Rulofi -I'd that of the
rs of the other employes and he al
ways understood that the relation of
■ and son existed between them. W.
}i. Rulofson, the claimant's natural
father, never calK-d. he said, and Captain
fulfilled his dutios as the claimant's
adopted parent. Samuel Platt. who was
connected with the Russet] & Krwin
ifacturing Company, testified that
.:! Hall daily visited Rulofson and
it was well known that the relation of
father and son existed between them.
David Rodrtck testified that Hall and
Rulofson often came to his barber-shop
together, and in answer to a question
Captain Hall ?:iid that Rulofson was his
adopted son. Mrs. E. B. Spencer of Santa
Crux Bald that while Miss Abbott, now
Mr. > - wife, was staying with
her Captain Hall called, and knowing that
Mr. Rulofson and Miss Abbott were to be
married, said that he objected to the cere
mony being performed at that time, as
Rulofson was not yet of age. He said
that his Interest in Rulofson was that of
a father, as he had assumed that relation,
and henceforth it was understood that
Hall was Rulofson'B adopted father. Mrs.
er*a testimony was Included in a
itlon. and after it had been read the
case went over.
■ m ■
WORKED FOR BOTH SIDES.
Peculiar Conduct of an Officer of the
Eureka Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children.
John F. Curran, a stevedore, appeared
before Judge Treadwell yesterday on a j
charge of failure to provide for his chil
dren. During the hearing a peculiar state
of affairs was disclosed.
The complaint was sworn to last April
by E. L. Wadham. then secretary and i
now special officer of the Eureka Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The case had been continued from time
to time, as Curran had agreed to nay a
certain sum for the support of his wife i
and children. When the case was called
yesterday Wadham appeared in support
• ■ husband, much to the surprise of
tho court.
Curran wore patent leather shoes and
had a diamond ring on his finger and n
diamond i?tud in his shirt front. Mrs.
Curran was in rags, and her 12-year -old .
bnv was in a similar condition. WadbaiD
thought that $2 50 per week was enough j
• I'port the wife and children, md !
when the Judge asked him why he ut J
first appeared as prosecutor against tho
husband and now defended him he re
plied that he thought tho wife had been
getting enough money from Curran. The
Judge denounced Wadham for his poci;- i
liar conduct and asked Curran why he
did not pawn his diamonds to support hl»
family. Curran laughed and the Judge !
ordered him into custody, fixing hie bonds
in $WOO.
Later in the day a writ of habeas corpus
v;as applied for in the Superior Court to
. Curran's release.
E. L. Wadham says that the warrant in
the case was served by tne California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children.
Accused of Stealing Palms.
E. L. Foster, the janitor at Bushnell'B j
photographic gallery, who was arrested j
Monday night for stealing palm» from j
the sidewalk, appeared in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday. It was stated
that a private decorator had been en
gaged by Bushnell to decorate his gal
lery, and Foster imagined that the palms
belonged to the decorator and was stor
ing them in the cellar when arrested. The
Judge gave him the benefit of the doubt
and dismissed the case. The cases against
i '■■ rge Murphy and E. J. Ford, who were
arrested on a similar charge, were dis
missed by Judge Conlan. as they had
simply picked up a palm after the deco
rators had finished their work.
AGNEWS INVESTIGATION.
The trustees of the Agnews Insane
Asylum and the Lunacy Commission
will meet in the Palace Hotel to-day at
10 o'clock to recontinue the investigation
of the Chaffers case. Some surprises* of
a political nature will be sprung, and to
offset the possible displacement of seve
ral of the employe* at Agnews, H. V.
Morenoi-.se has been engaged to defend
them. Dr. Sponople will be on hand.
In case of removal of Morehouse's
clients the matter will be fought in the
courts.
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. Annie Farron swore to a complaint
In Judge Graham's court yesterday for
the arrest of her husband, John Farron,
who has a hog ranch on Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco, on a charge of bat
tery. August 17 he severely ueat her. and
Monday night he drove her out of the
house.
James Sullivan of 1036 Brannan street
swore to a complaint in Judge Graham's
court yesterday for the arrest of James
Tagga'rt on a charge of battery. Saturday
night Sullivan came home from Port
■ - • where he had been working, and
was met by Taggart, who struck .win on
the mouth, knocking out two of his teeth,
because Sullivan aoout eighteen months
ago took a shot at Taggarfs friend, Bar
ney Ward, then financial secretary of tho
Marine Firemen's L nion.
John O'Connor was yesterday held to
answer before tne Superior Court by
Judge Graham on a charge of grand lar
ceny in $2000 bonds. He met William Mi
chaels of Petaluma. who came to the city
to see a dentist, and took him to China
■ iwn, where he robbed him of his watch
and chain and purse. He was caught in
the act.
Six Chinatown "bums' who live on Chi
nese gin were yesterday sent to the
County Jail for three months each by
Judge" Mogan on a charge of vagrancy.
names are: Fannie McKenzie,
James Hoiuhan. John Cuneo, John Hall,
Carl Anderson and John Mahoney
Harry Srhro, der, a machinist employed
in the foundry of W. T. Garratt & Co.. 188
Fremont street, had a charge of burglary
against him dismissed by Judge Mogan
rday. He was accused of stealing
- and cupper from the foundry, but
the firm did not wish to prosecute the
case, and the evidence r as insufficient to
convict. ...
Joseph Foran. a hackdriver and ex
convict was yesterday sentenced to six
months each on charges of petty larceny
and impersonating an officer. The charge
was originally robbery. He went into the
barber-shun 'of Vincenzo Iristrano. on
n Gate avenue and Hyde street, and
compelled him to give up the contents of
T Takahashi. who assaulted Peter
Johnson with a steel In the Fairmount
some time ago and who was p
or trial before Judge Lawlor for an as
with a deadly weapon, was found
guilty of a simple assault by the jury.
He will b- on Saturday.
■ ♦ . '
MRS. McSWEENEY'S CLAIM
Seeks to Cancel a Deed Conveying
Property to Her Son.
Catherine McSweeney. a widow. 60 years
of age. filed suit yesterday against her
son. Peter J. McSweeney, to cancel a deed
martp by her on April 30. 1597. conveying
property on Capp street. The lot has a
.<?'<* of twenty feet and with im
provements is valued at $3000. She alleges
that when she was ill and not compre
hending the import of her act. at the po
ttlon of her *<>n she signed a deed.
When she recovered sh<» demanded a re
jrance, which was refused. Hence
th<- suit.
Ingersoll Memorial.
Pr. J. L. York delivered an impressive
eulogy °n Robert G. Ingersoll at Scottish
Hull Mondaynight before a. large audience.
In the course of his remarks he scored the
churches for what he considered unjust
criticism and comment on the personal
character and name of the dead agnostic,
and said that the verdict of the world had
been recorded In his favor as a brave soul,
faithful and true to his convictions of
right and truth, and a man whose forty
years of public life had done more to help
the world than many of those who now
criticise him. Other features of the pro
gramme were addresses by Hart Bouton
and C. S. Shaw of Texas, pongs by Miss
Rosni and a poem entitled "The Declara
tion of the Free." by Mrs. Clara S. Foltz.
■ ♦ .
Large Importation of Opium
The Doric's cargo of opium, amounting
536 crises, weighing 21.566 pounds and
valued at $345,066, was passed through the
Custom-house yesterday. The duty
amounted to $126,396.
FISHERMEN NOT TO
BE PROSECUTED
Alleeed Canadian Poachers in Amer-
ican Waters Will Not Be Pro
ceeded Against.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— Assistant
Secretary Vanderlip to-day instructed the
Collector of Customs at Port Townsend
not to institute proceedings against the
several Canadian fishing vessels seized
last month near Port Roberts for fishing,
as alleged, in American waters. The in
structions were based on a careful inves
tigation by the United States District At
torney, who reported that in this instance
he was satisfied the fishermen were not
poachers in American waters.
The British Embassy also presented
evidence in support of this view of the
case. The instructions are not to be con
sidered a precedent, however, and cus
toms officers will be expected to enforce
the provision which forfeits a foreign ves
sel caught fishing In American waters.
Mr. Vanderlip has also taken measures
with a view, if feasible, of having the
limits of American waters in the Gulf of
Georgia more clearly indicated by buoys
and beacons.
.»-
FACTORY HORROR.
Explosion of a Boiler Kills Three
Men, Injuring Eight.
APPLETON, Wis.. Aug. 22.— A boiler In
the sash, door and blind factory of E. H.
Wi^rkert & Co. exploded to-day, killing
three men and seriously injuring eight
others. The killed:
ROBERT PASCH.
NATHANIEL PATTINSON, engineer.
WILLIAM BOLDI'AN.
The injured: Joseph Wettmghill. frac
tured arm and internally injured; John
Foster, arm fractured; William Hoffman,
head cut; Edward Koletzkt. head and arm
cut: Paul Hoepner, head cut; Herman
Miller, head cut; August Rheifdt. face
and head cut; William Weaver, head in
jured.
All of the other men in the building
were more or less hurt. The explosion
carried down the entire main building
and dry house in addition to the engine
room. Eighteen men were burled in the
ruins. Fire started In the debris and for
a time threatened to burn the imprisoned
men alive, but it was checked until
everybody had been removed, when it got
beyond control and completely destroyed
the plant. The financial loss is $20,000,
partially insured.
4»
A Poor Celebration.
HONOLULU, Aug. 15.— The first anni
versary of the raising of the flag in Hono
lulu was but tamely observed as a gene
ral holiday. The Government buildings,
the banks and the leading business estab
lishments were closed, but there were no
fireworks, and not even a band concert,
as the boys were tired with playing at the
dance on Friday evening. This was a
state function given in the Hall of Repre
sentatives (the throne room). The Presi
dent was absent and so was two of the
Ministers, leaving the Minister of
Foreign Affairs and the Minister of
Finance with their ladies to act as the
receiving hosts.
Paralytic Commits Suicide.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 22.-William
Wagot, a native of Germany, 47 years old.
committed suicide this morning at the
ranch of his brother. August Wagot.
about two and a half miles from Gait
and Just over the Sacramento county line
in San Joaquln County. Deceased wae
' formerly a saloonkeeper in "Woodland and
i Sacramento. He used a revolver, shoot
i ing himself through the temple. He had
I been paralyzed and despondency is as
: signed as the cause.
.. . • ■ ■ •
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes in San Francisco Postoffice
Plans and List of Patents and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— The Super
vising Architect of the Treasury to-day
I notified the contractors engaged in erect
ing the foundation of the San Francisco
: Postoffice building that they may
' substitute Kyune, Utah, sandstone for
: facings instead of the stone originally
■ contracted for. It has been substantiated
I to the satisfaction of the department by
I the contractors that the stone they
originally contemplated using In this
work cannot be obtained, owing to the
I exhaustion of the quarry from which it
was procured. It has therefore been dt>
t-rmfned to use Utah sandstone, but the
change will cost the contract >r~ P865.
This change will in no way mar the
■ foundation of the building, and the de
partment thinks it for the best.
The annual report of the Auditor of the
I Interior Department was made public to
day. The report shows that at the San
: Francisco pension agency $3.521 .5"Jl were
' disbursed and that the expenses of the
office were $16.23."!.
The Navy Department to-day opened
bids for general supplies f<>r Mar" Island
Navy-yarfl. Following were the bidders:
; Union Iron Works. San Francisco. $11,-
I 100. Crocker- Wheeler Company, Ampere.
, New Jersey. J1N. 141. Berhorn & Granger,
: New York," $7600. Theasher Electric Com
' pany. Dayton, Ohio, SO.4SS. New Jersey
Foundry and Machine Company. New
York. $«21. General Electric Company,
Schenectady, N. Y. $10,710. Hensluw,
Bulkley & Co., San Francisco. $11,235.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
! day as follows: California— Joseph A.
i Anker, I.os Angeles, Metallurgical fur
i nace; Robert Cousins. San Francisco, cor
' set; E. M. Fraser. San Francisco, ele
; vator; John Jorgenson, San Francisco,
' nut locking device; Edward Kelly, San
; Francisco, brniding and polishing roll;
! B. A. Samman. San Francisco, draft har
' ness for dogs: H. B. Schindl^r, Oakland.
. four-wheeled wagon trucks: Karl Staahl
! gren. Salinas, mineral extracting ma
. chine; George W. Waltt. San Francisco.
I tappet for stamping mills; Robert G.
i Williams, Stockton, shako regulator for
i grain cleaners. Hiram B. Gillette. Rose
burg. Or., supplemental barrel for guns.
■ William Gleason. L'nga. Alaska, rock
! drilling machine.
Army orders: By direction of the assist
ant Secretary of War the following named
enlisted men now at the stations desig
nated after their respective names will
be discharged from the service of the
• fnited States by their respective com
, m.inding officers*: Sergeant Daniel N.
1 Huffer. Battery A. Sixth Artillery, Hawa
iian Islands; Private George T. Stice,
fi.mpany L. Twelfth Infantry. Philippine
< Islands; Private George N. Preston. Four
tt'^nth Infantry, and Private Carlton
Bradley. Second Battalion, casual de
i tachment. Presidio. San Francisco; Pri-
v ate Eugene G. Reese. Company C,
Twentieth Infantry. Philippine Islands.
Pensions: California—Original—Theo
i dore C. Fitch. Fair Oaks. $6; George Mc-
Clure. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $fi.
'■ Renewal— William Spanyer, Roseville. $«.
1 Increase— Edward Strciler, Veterans'
Home. Napa. $fi to HO.
Oregon: Original— William H. Taylor,
Weston. $6.
NEW ARMY SYSTEM.
Innovation in the Forming of Depot
Battalions Introduced.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 22.— The ord->r for
bringing to the United States five bat
talions of soldiers serving in Cuba, pub
lished at the War Department to-day,
establishes a depot of battalions, a »y»-
Urn that has not been known In the
United States army heretofore. The or
der also provides that troops, batteries
and companies will hereafter be formed
into battalions in alphabetical order, ex
cept that the light and siege batteries,
being mounted, will nut be placed in any
battalion.
The troops ordered from Cuba are
known as depot battalions and are to be
Btationed aa follows: Battalion F, First
Infantry, at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas;
Second "infantry at Fort Thomas. Ken
tucky: Fifth Infantry at Fort Sheridan.
Illinois: Eighth Infantry at Fort Sne'l
ing. Minnesota: Tenth Infantry at Fort
Crook. Nebraska.
While these are known as depot bat
talion? those remaining in Cuba will tc
known as active battalions.
DOCKING OF SHAMROCK.
This Will Be Delayed Until Just Be
fore She Is Measured.
NEW YORK. Aug. 22.-The yacht
Shamrock lies alongside Erie basin pier
to-nigiit, completely stripped of all nor
seagoing spars and rigging, and wild
everything taken out from below. She
rnw floats fully eighteen inches hiehor
than she did upon her arrival last Friday
morning.
During the afternoon a number of hags
of sand were passed up from the Sham
rock's hold and put on board the t* nder
Xonomantuck. It is said they were used
in the bilges and other parts of the yacht
as ballast.
The Shamrock is not to be drydocked
until the arrival of Sir Thomas Upton,
and perhaps not then, for her captain
says it is not necessary to haul her out
until the time set for measuring her just
before the races. The Shamrock is to
receive her racing rig at once.
LOSSES AT VICTOR.
Aftermath of the Big Fire That De
stroyed the City.
VICTOR. Colo.. Aug. 22.— The total
number of bulldlngi destroyed by the fire
which broke out at 1:30 yesterday after
noon, is estimated at 800. Nine-tenths of
those- were wooden, and the fire spread
with great rapidity. Fourteen blocks,
comprising' almost the entire business
section of the town, are in ashes. The
total loss is variously estimated at from
$1,000,000 to $2,500,000 and the insurance
from $400,000 to $800,000. The most valu
able buildings destroyed were the Gold
Coin mine shafthouses, the loss on which
is $100,00i3. All the newspapers were
burned out, but they have already ar
ranged to continue publication. Victor is
the metropolis of the southern end of the
Cripple Creek district, having 1 a popula
tion of 12,000. and will be quickly rebuilt
in a more substantial manner than before.
STATE TICKET NAMED.
Nominations Made by the Union Re
form Party of Ohio.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Aug. 22.— The Union
Reform party to-day nominated the fol
lowing State ticket: Governor, Seth A.
Ellis of Warren County; Lieutenant Gov
ernor G. W. Seelye of Wayne: Auditor.
Frank S. Montgomery of Franklin: Judge
of the Supreme Court. A. R. Mclntyre of
Knox; Attorney GeneraJ, Thomas Kar
tham of Hamilton; Board of Public
Works, A. A. Weaver of Putnam.
There were about 400 delegates, repre
senting all but three or four of the eighty
eight counties in the State. It became evi
dent very soon after the opening of the
convention that the faction who favored
the Indorsement of Mayor Jones of To
ledo for Governor were in a hopeless mi
nority, and they made a desperate at
tempt to turn the convention into a farce,
but without success.
Held on Six Charges.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 22.— \\ llHam Le
mastes was arrested Saturday and In
three days has had six criminal charges
against "him— five misdemeanor charges
and one felony charge. In Judge Crag
hill's court he is charged with malicious
mischief, disturbing the peace and house
breaking: in Judge Stanley's court with
disturbing the peace, malicious mischief
and robbery.
Veteran Printer Dead.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 22.— Orrcn P.
I Hoddy. a veteran printer and newspaper
man, "died to-day at the County Hospital
after a brief illness. Deceased was well
known in printing offices throughout, the
I State, and formerly conducted newspapers
I in Cloverdale. Calistoga and other cities.
! So far as known he had no relatives in
! this State.
Slot Machines Prohibited.
STOCKTON. Auk. 22 —The City Council
this evening passed to print an ordinance
prohibiting the use of nickel-in-the-slot
machines In this city. The ordinance is
copied from one lateiy put into effect at
Los Angeles. It prohibits the use of ma
chines that pay winnings in merchandise,
checks or money, and makes the violation
of the ordinance a misdemeanor. The
cigar dealers and paloon men of the city,
with a few exceptions, fought the passage
of the ordinance. On^ cigar mrrchant who
keeps a nick^l-iri-the-slot machine on his
counter appeared before the Council and
spoke in favor of prohibiting the use of
the machines. The vote, passing the ordi
nance was unanimous.
RELEASED FROM CUSTODY.
Mrs. Perot. Charged With Abduction.
Given Her Freedom.
LONDON. Aup. 22.— Mr?. William V.
Perot, charged with having abducted her
daughtfr Gladys from Baltimore and for
wh"m extradition papers were sent from
the United States, was formally rf ■!
from custody In the Bow-street Polio*
C<>urt to-day and the case was thus Gilded.
Tlv proceedings, which were confined to
formal proof of the withdrawal of tho
extradition proceedings, were about ac
complished by mutual agreement ift< r
Mrs. Perot had promised to hand her
daughter over to the care of William 11.
Perot, hpr grandfather.
Mrs. V> rot drove away from the court
smiling, accompanied by her «ister nnd
Gladys. Mr. Perot and the chill will sail
Itble for the United State?.
EQUALIZERS DO NOTHING.
Only One Day Left to Cite the
Counties.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 22.— The State
Board of Equalization must act to-mor
row if any counties are to be cited to
show cause why their assessment rolls
should not l" 1 raised.
The Equalizers sat and looked at one
another to-day, fach waiting for pom" one
else to start the thing by moving that
some county be cited, but the Ice v.
broken. There has been an idea that
ftutte. Colusa. San Diego. Sacramento,
Alameda and possibly pome other counties
v ould be cited, and perhaps the board
rr.ay do something to-morr >w.
Dead on the Beach.
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. II— H. A. Hol
lister, while riding along the beach near
Point Conception, yesterday morning dis
covered a man lying on his side, with the
waves gently rolling over him. By his sido
lay a half-empty whisky bottle. He ap
peared to have been dead some time, and
no signs of foul play were evident. He
nged to one of the railroad construc
tion camps near by. and was taken there
and identified. It was thought that in a
drunken condition he fell in the sand an.l
sleep overtook him and as the tide began
to rise and cover him he was drowned.
Strikers Confident.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— There has
been no change in the plumbers' strike
during the past few days. The men are
taking things easily, and quietly waiting
for the work In the two shops that are
holding out. The journeymen believe
that these shops will accumulate work to
such an extent that the employers will
be compelled to take the old employes
back or at least have union men at the
regular scale of 43 50 per day. The strik
ers and their former employers are on
the best of terms? and so far there has
not been the slightest trouble.
_ *
Los Angeles Bond Issue.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 22.— Public atten
tion is centered on the election to be held
to-morrow on the issue of $2,090,000 worth
of bonds for the purchase of the plant of
the Los Angeles City Water Company, ac
cording to the award mado by the arbitra
tion board. The water company, which is
dissatisfied with the award and claims it
is illegal because made by two instead of
the three arbitrators, as the contract
made with the city specifies, ia fighting
the bonds. A large vote is promised, with
chances favoring the bonds.
To Locate a Big Telescope.
KINGSTON, Aug. 22.— Professor Edward
Charles Pickering of the Harvard Observ
atory is here seeking a suitable location
for the largest telescope in the world,
which is being constructed at Cambridge
especially for observing the new plane:
which is* due to pass very close to the
earth eighteen months hence. He is fa
vorably impressed with Jamaica's advan
tages. Professor Pickering established
the Misti Observatory of Peru.
Died From His Injuries.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 22.— Frederick Alt- ;
mann, a pioneer resident of this county, j
who for many years conducted a largo !
foundry here, died last night from injuries
received from a kick of a horse on Sunday '
last. He was a native of Germany and j
5<5 years of age. A widow survives him. ,
He" was closely identified with the inter- j
ests of the community, and furnished the
material for the construction of the bis !
electric tower in this city.
Under Martial Law.
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 22.— Martial law
has been proclaimed at Hilversum. fif
teen miles from here. Troops to-day nro
occupying the town. A mob yesterday
i v> ning. indignant at the su^'-ession of a
loo;il fair, overpowered the p.§ oe, pnracieri
the streets, destroyed props* :y and at
tacked the burgomaster's house. On ac
count of the general feeling of unrest the
disturbances are regarded as serious.
«,
Hoitt's School Opened.
MENLO PARK. Aug. 22.— Hint's school,
at Fair Oaks, near Menlo Park, opened
its fall term to-day. About forty students
and the staff of seven instructors were in
attendance. The new gymnasium, which
is to replace the old one burned this
spring, is completed, while the new dor
mitory and school building, which is now
being erected, will be completed by the
last of September.
Re-Enters Parliament.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 22. — The
steamer Empress of Japan sailed for
Hongkong and Yokohama this evening.
Among her 175 passengers were a large
number of missionaries for China. Korea,
Japan. India and Siam. Hon. A. Hender
son. Attorney General of British Colum
bia was to-day re-elected by acclamation
as member of Parliament for New West
minster.
.
New Mining Company.
FRESNO. Aug. 22.— The S. P. Placer
Mining Company has been incorporated
with a capital stock of $200,000. The di
rectors are as follows: Richard Stuart
Bodman. Wing Hamilton, Fillmore and
John Milton Coburn of I,os Angeles;
James S. Carroll, Harry Russell, Wilson
Fletcher, Edward Fletcher of Fresno and
John Massle and George Fillrfore of Oak
land.
Drowned in the Yukon.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 21.—N ews has
reached here of the drowning of Frank
Ricard at Five Finger Rapids, on the
Yukon. Ricard belonged to the trio
graph construction party. Early reports
had it that it was J. C. Tache, an engi
neer of the Department of Public Works,
who was drowned, but the report proved
Incorrect.
Dahlia Exhibit.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 22— The dahlia ex
hibit for the benefit 6f the town clock
fund, which is being held under the
auspices of the Floral Society, is a grand
success. Splendid exhibits are made by
I. Thompson. E. I^eedham, Peter Thrift
and Mrs. H. F. Krohn.
Drying-House Burned.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 22.— T0-day the
drying house on the hop ranch of A.
Ifenke, n f pw miles east of the rity. was
hurn?d together with SOX) pounds of hops
that v.-ere beinp dried. The hop harvest
is now at its height, and the burning of
the dryer will be a serious loss to the pro
prietor.
To Improve the City.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Aup. 2J.— The City
Council has ordered an election for Sep
tehiber 12 to vote on a proposition to bond
the city for $W.OOO for a water system and
J3tJ,OOO for sewers.
Grain Destroyed.
SAX LUIS OBISPO. Aug. 22.— Fire
broke out in Corral de Pledra grain fields
to-day, burning about SOOO sacks.
The Chutes Benefit.
The benefit for the returning volunteers
at the Chutes last night was a success 1 .
Fully 2500 people passed through the turn
stiles and crowded into the theater, where
they applauded the juvenile company of
pkiyers to their hearts' content. 'The
cnildren played to perfection.
Congressman Julius Kahn. representing
the finance committee, attended the bene
fit with his family and assisted th<* man
agement in its task of counting the ro
ceipts.
KINDERGARTENS
ARE REOPENED
School War Goes Merrily
On in San Jose.
•!al Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE. Aug. 23.— The kindergar
tens of this city have been re-estab
lished by the City Board of Education.
For the past year they have been closed
and reopened several times, and great
dissatisfaction has arisen over this
spasmodic work Of the .School Trustees.
The juggling of the city schools has
done irreparable injury to the city and
at the same time mulcted the taxpay
ers to the tune of several thousand dol
lars. Most of the acts of the Trustees
have proved boomerangs and they have
been obliged to swallow a bitter dose In
many instances.
Miss Fannie Stockton, who was dis
missed from the schools a year ago,
after four months of idleness, succeeded
in being reinstated when she threatened
suit, and a month ago the Board of
Education secretly allowed her over
$200 salary f<>r the time she was out
of the schools. She had performed no
labor at all for this money, but there
was jio compunction on the part of the
Trustees in giving her the taxpayers'
money.
Miss Kittle McGinley is another
teacher who has won out on the Board
of Education. Shp was dismissed from
the kindergarten without cause. Biißfl
McGinley took the matter to th^ Su
perior Court and obtained a. judgment
for three months' salary. Hie matter
has been appealed to the Supreme
Court, but she will probably get a
judgment. Last night the Trustees re
instated Miss McGinley. •
Mrs. A. B. Clement is about the only
unfortunate one. Rea had her removed
from the office of Assistant Superin
tendent of City Schools. stv> obtained a
place in the Normal, but the gang,
through McNaughton. had her dis
missed. Trustees Wemple and O'N'eil
tried last night to reinstate her as As
sistant City Superintendent, but did not
succeed.
Ten kindergarten classes have been
established — two in each ward and two
in Cottage Grove. Formerly there were
sixteen, with Mi?? Belle Mackenzie as
supervisor. The teachers selected for
the kindergartens are: Eva Mackenzie,
Kate Slnnott, Almedia McMillan. Alice
Bassler. Mrs. Ella Graham. Agnes Hal
sey, Hattie Hoffman. Annie Cavallaro,
Annie Stockton and Kit'ie McGinley.
Miss Susie Gallimore has been elect
ed Assistant City Superintendent of
Schools. H. McKenna was appointed
teacher in the night school. Joseph P.
Hancock was elected principal of the
Horace Mann School and E. E. Brow
nell of Mountain View a teacher in the
High School. These iast two appoint
ments were at Rea's Hirection.
Misses Annie Carroll and Carrie TVil
liams have been elected regular teach
ers.
E. K. Robinson. Kate O'Neill, Mrs.
Mary McDonald. Annie Leddy and Mrs.
Taylor will preside as janitors in the
kindergartens.
Wednesday night the classification
committee, which is the teachers' bug
aboo, reports. Until then the various
teachers will be hard at work with their
"influences."
ASSAULTED A CHILD
Human Fiend Is Nearly Lynched by
an Enraged Crowd.
FALLS CITY. Nebr.. Aug. 22.— A man
known as "Shorty" Wilson, a compara
tive stranger, committed an assault this
evening on the seven-year-old daughter
of A. W. Burchard. a prominent merchant
of this city. The assailant gagged his
victim with a corncoh. The child gave
the alarm and Wilson was found in a sa
loon, where he was arrnsted. or, the way
to the jail a crowd, headed by the child's
father got after Wilson with a rope, and
it was' with the utmost difficulty that the
Sheriff got his man behind the bars. The
crowd is still hanging around the jail and
a lynching ia not improbable.
DEATHS AT HAVANA.
List of Soldiers Who Have Passed
Away Cabled by General Brooke.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— General
Brooke cables from Havana the following
deaths:
"Santa Clara— James Mullen, dis
charged. Company H. Second Cavalry,
died 6th, acute alcoholism. Santiago-
James J. Flannigan. Company B, Fifth
Infantry, typhoid; Joseph H. Cleave,
Company F. Fifth Infantry, Internal in
juries from fall."
— i— — ♦
New Cable to Be Laid.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mexico, A tier. 22 —
The Government has given authority nnd
awarded the contract for the laying of a
cable from the port of Altata. St.;
Sinaloa. to Lapaz. Lowf>r California, a
distance of 114 mile?. The work mus. >c
completed within six months.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Lit nEItCV Manufacturer of Belting and
T. I/CUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY".
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M«r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone Main 5641
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JA^ RfIYFS &■ fil Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUICJ C WU,, clay. Tel. Main 1234.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Props.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. TeL Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMETTE PULP AND PAPER CO..
II ILLAifi LI I L 722 Montgomery Str*st.
PRINTINa
EC HIIfHFQ PRINTER.
- W> iHJvillL.©t 611 Sansome St.
THE HICKS- CO., bl *£Tffs F1 gf g k t ;
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE^^L'
Code*. rr%l»- I rviLJVII.. fnrnlait.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO., at lta
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal In the Market. .
Office and Yards — Main street. ' ?
/^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
j^ v^K^O2«"»KEAKXYST. Established
Mtff V»Q In 1534 for the treatment of Private
BIJJk JjSf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HBSkHPS disease wearing on body and mind and
rUI ls>:n Diseases. The doctor careawheii
OQHMwS others fail. Try htm. Charges low.
r^RßTWiiEiiSn I'nrr- rnnnntrTii Callorwrlt«>.
Dr. 4, JT. «IJBBO>, Box 1937, B*a f randaco.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Franelseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the >' ear -
BRANCH OFFICES-827 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock^
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o CIOCK.
open until 9:30 o clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 5. 30 o clock.
1041 Mission street: open until 10 o c lock.
,rner Sixteenth, open
until S o'clock. „ , ..„.,
eventh street; oprn until 9 oc ocK.
n street; open until 9 o ciocK
Nori a
MEETING NOTICES.
i^OTICE^ITEr IjTaTno. 35— Meet at rooms
I v m WEDNESDAY, 23.1, to attend funeral .
of late brother. % S mV«V. President.
J. J. LEAREY, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 188. F. and A. M. m
-I) 3d HIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN'-J\^
ING, August 23, at 7:30 o'clock. liyT^
order or the lI FOHTnIEDE> Secret ' Rr T. '
11. FORTRIEDE,
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166^ F. and A. *
M.— Special meeting WEDNESDAY, J^
Augwt 28, at 1:80 o'clock p. m., for }Z2\
the purpose of conducting the funeral ' 7; , !
services of our late brother, WILLIAM
SACXDERS JONES. Sojourning brethren
and friends are Invited to attend. By order
of the master.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary-
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
Special • ting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING August 13, at ' :3J /\/\
o'clock. Third degree. '" '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Ledge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock. Second de- 13LJ\
gree. H. C. BUNKER, gee, pro tern." /▼'
MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O. F. <-c^*y*£-.v
-Initiation THIS (WEDNES-^ggßJg;
DAY) EVENING, August 23. Also -?M!*r „-
other very important business. * ■"'' ; '-
Visitors cordially invited.
J. L. WEBB, N. O.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec.
ANCIENT Order of Foresters— in'ra-V^f
bers of this order are hereby Invited to S^T
report at headquarters, 102 O'Farrell Jf
St., on the evening of our parade in fc_- >
honor of the California volunteers ■'• 7 o'clock
sharp. A place in our ranks will be assigned
to all by our division marshal, Brother M.
Merigan. H. BEAVER. President.
Attest, J. E. JOHNSON. Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. C67C, A. O. F.- "«\ # 2«*
Officers and members will m«t at a. \~7?
O. F. Hall at 6:80 on night of parade J3*'\
In honor of the return of the California <£l_J
volunteers. By order of
NEIL O'NEILL. C. R.
RED MEN, ATTENTION! -AUjfS,
members of the Improved Order A**'-*^^-
of Red Men are requested to meet -JwSr 1
nt Red Men's Hall, i2O Post St., at 6:30 on
the evening of the parade in honor of the re-
turn of th* California Volunteers.
FRED B. SWAN Dist. Marshal.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
pt. on WEDNESDAY, AucUFt 23, 1599, at I
£:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before It. Transfer
books will close Friday, Aug. IS, at 4 p. m. I
By order of the board of directors. j
M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
THE California Drbns Commission, having re-
ceive : applications to mine by the hydraulic
process Irom J. P. 'Goodwin in the Birdseye
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in an old pit; from
Mrs. E. A. Cox. in the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit
tailings in Fourth Ravine, and from George
v. Stone and James J. Schenrtch, in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Porado County, to deposit tailings in a ra-
vine and in RinggoM Creek, glvrs notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
l.ul'.rlins. San Francisco. Cal., on September
4. 1599, at 1:30 p. m.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Ris-
don Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration posed Increase of capital
ttock.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having Its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, in said State, unanimously adopted
at a regular meeting of said board held on ■
the seventh day of August, in the year one j
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on -day. the Eight-
t-enth Day of October, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two o'clock In the afternoon of- said ■
day, at the office of said corporation, which
Is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Ceale and Howard streets, in <=aid city
and county of San Francisco, the same being :
the principal place of business of said corpo- !
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually
meets:
That th» object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine Whether or not the capital stock of said r
corporation shall be Increased from one million j
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of i
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock 1
of one million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which It Is proposed to
Increase the paid capital stock is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors,
L. R. MEAD,
Secretary of The Rtsdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
Dated August 8, 1?99.
ACCOUNTANTS.
8. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King attorney at law, I
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance j
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. MIT
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County - Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing 825-BCS Market at.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SCO Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67: advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE, Attomeys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market St.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ;.J7 Market St.. pp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMi >UNT— StrlctTyißrs^^ciaßsT^A
Market st., 8. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, Bingle
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; I
suites without board, $1 per day: single rooms,
60c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
FRUIT VALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
mcl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and j
Frultvale ay. ; carl pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
LAS ALMAS 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. SOS (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Bq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
UNCLE HARRIS,- 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
LADY wants unfurnished room and board In
private family: location within four blocks
of Sixth and Market sts.; state terms. Ad-
dress box 1408. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN boarded; good hnme and care~Ap^
ply 15 Dame St.. off Thirtieth, near Church.
BOOKS — MOW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and ex-hanged!
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission at., near Third.
BUSINESS. CHANCES.
$700— OLD established oyster house; vicinity I
Fourth and Market; best fixed up place in !
town; will easily clear $75 to $100 per moncT-
proof furnished. M. LESS, 705 Market at.
J3OO— BAKERY for sale; north of Market; es-
tabllshed 11 year?; greatest bargain of its
kind; sale; bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$300— GROCERY' and bar: beat part residence
district south of Market; good stock, fix-
tures, etc.; trial given. M. LESS, 7G5 Market.
$600— MARKET street oyster house; central;
good transient and rent only $1S: genuine of-
fer; trial given. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$500— CORNER grocery and bar: beat part Mis-
pion; big bar trade; 3 furnished rooms; sel-
ler owns property; cares more for good tenant
than money. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
$125— FRUIT, vegetable and dairy produce
Rtore across ' the bay: neat stand; AJ offer;
don't miss it. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$,325— BRANCH bakery, candles, cigars: north
Market; paying concern; trial. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, confectionery;
receipts $20 day: close to large school: large
Mock- rent $16; 4 rms. and bath: elegant busi-
ness chance; see it. JONES & CO., 865 Mkt.
FOR sale— First class three-chair barber shop.
doing good business; cheap rent. Inquire 10S
Taylor St. V-;
FOR SALB-Grocery: full stock; fine goods;
cheap for cash. 2401 Howard st. • -
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
BUSINESS CnANCES— Continued.
A— S2SO— RESTAURANT doing a good business
on Larkln st. ; rent low: splendid place - for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE, 806 Market at.
A— ssoo— SALOON establ. many years; clearing
above $100 per month; close to Market fend
Fourth sts. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. .-.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted by a lady in a first-
class paying saloon; very best location; low
rent: investigate at once. R. G. -. WILKE,
906 Market Bt. ': ■
A— SSOO: FRUIT and vegetable store on Second
st.; horse, wagon; cheap rent; good paying.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market at. - -
A— s«o: SALOON: elegant furniture; daily re-
ceipts $1S; rent $50; close to Chronicle. B. G.
V.II KE, 906 Market St. , ■
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; ■ estab-
lished yars: full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; splendid business; llrst-class pay-
ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
WILKE. 906 Market St.
A PARTNER with $1200 wanted in old-estnb-
llfhod country grocery store and bar; lively
manufacturing town; is miles from city. K.
G. WILKE. 900 Market et.
A— s<!oo; NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
fir^t-i'lass paying; Including stock of periodi-
cals store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
Call R. G." WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— UOCO; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district: established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
FOR sale— Downtown coffee nnd lunch house:
established 16 years. For particulars inquire
of MAX ABRAHAMS, room C. 126 Kearny
St., between 9 and 10 a. m.
BARBER shop for sale; good trial; cheap rent;
leaving city. Box 3265. Call. '
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; thl3 paper.
Apply rail office. ■
FOR sale— Good country hotel; long lease; low
rent. Owner, box 3253. Call office.
PORK and delicacy store: well stocked;
receipts $600 month. Box 32:9, Call office.
PARTNER or purchaser wanted in restaurant
and bakery on principal street. Box S2CO, Call.
FOR sale. or exchange — Cigar store, stock and
fixtures. Apply Call office.
SSSOO: We IRLTH 57000.
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose St.. in Fltchburg; new building, contain-
Ing Ftore, saloon, 7 rooms, all improvements;
in perfect order; fine garden; stable and ware-
house; S rurtic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
sort ■ must be Id; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dru electric car passes door.
TINNERS and plumbers, attention; business
lor !>aie; established over IS years: set of tin-
ners' and plumbers 1 tools, with small stock
of shelf goods; man can get good-paying
business tor $S5O: banner crop in county this
year. Address T. PATTISON, box a, San
Luis Oblspo.
FIRST-CLASS laying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at Call office.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Apply 1100
Larkln st . bet 8 and 10 a. m.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions: 2 living
rooms; want an offer. Sos'4 Filbert St.
For sale, cheap— 6 rooms and bath; near Van
Ness and Market; completely furnished;
rooms pay rent. Box 17, Call Branch Office,
106 Eleventh st. •
CIGAR and stationery store: receipts $50 day;
long lease; low rent. J56 Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olscn. Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeier Hotel.
BARGAIN— Meat market: $200; splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner, 506 Castro.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
■paper. Ai Dly Call office. ■
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particulars at
2555 Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McEUlgc
* CARRIAGES AND AVAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
ICO SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jegsle 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yardN tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
"cleaning compounds.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear Bt.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the pep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals: tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; Bend stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023 ft Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee. 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies. 50c; gents, $1; sittings. $1 £0. 126 Turk.
MRSC.J. METER, 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. & 8 p.m., loc&2sc;sittlngs dally.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night at 8:15; sittings
dally 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S great test circle to-
night; 25c; sittings daily. 641 Jessie Bt.
YOUR future told by cards; lie 818 V Larkin
St.; Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st. rooms 2-3.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and stable.
21S ■ Holllngwood. m
COZY cottage. C rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 1835 Bush Bt.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. "
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
tcums and the nerves sleep,, you remain wide
awake; Bee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted, for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your, extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; -of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 yeara.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric^
Ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market at.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ' ■;.-.. ..,
MEYER, 6 Turk: • Deutscher ■ Zahnarzt: crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 8 to 12 m. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899*
DENTISTS.
PR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 60c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings.' 850 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S F. DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKAlArSTiusTness^ColleEe, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping. business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
Ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
ttuflenta can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-paga cata-
logue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelfin building. - '
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates* life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly; 50c
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
A— HOPF'S tinging. Piano School; summer
rates. V 4; French, Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary. 630 Golden Gate, r. 6-6-7; hours. 2 to 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. : day and eve.;
(?•. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. Sun Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class.
In Latin, mathematics, physics, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green St.
VIOLIN Instruction, 50c lesson: in your home
If desired. A. SOCHOR. 1255^ California st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1612 Cal. at.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Hush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 66.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situa-
tion as cook or housework; best local refer-
ences; city or country. D. CULLEN, 325 But-
ter st.
NEAT French girl desires situation at second
work; 2 years' reference last place. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
a cook: best of reference; city or country. D.
CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
POOR woman with large family of children,
being without friends, wishes to get an op-
portunity to earn sufficient to get to her own
country. Mexico. Address 775 Washington St.,
Oakland.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants place
' to do light housework; Is good plain cook:
reference; across the bay preferred. Call at
747 Howard st. -■
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 310
Mason st., room 1.
POSITION in Mechanics' Fair by first-class
lady demonstrator and- saleslady. Address
MRS. WATSON, box 3253. Call office.
WOMAN would like a place to work by the
day or In a small fair,lly. Call at 13 Lucky
aye.. bet. Folsom, Treat aye.. 84 th and 86th.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
2 NEAT young girls would like positions at
upstairs work. £22 Alabama St., near 22d.
LADY wishes a situation in a florist store;
good saleslady and designer. 217 A Eleventh.
YOUNG woman wishes position as good, cook;
plain washing: has good reference. 12C3A
Mission m., near Ninth.
LADY desires position as stenographer in In-
surance office; experienced In one of the
largest agencies In Chicago. Address box
1275, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
housecleaning, washing. 172 Silver st.
NICE girl wants place at housework, plain
cooking and waiter. 1307 Larkin St., Japanese
Christian Woman's Home.
GERMAN girl wants a situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply at 152
Clinton Park.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
POSITION by a competent girl to do cooking
or housework. Call 1225 Mission St.
A* COMPETENT young lady wishes a position
as bookkeeper or assistant; 4 years' experi-
ence; references. Box 1253, Call.
HAVING 3 or 4 hours each day. would like to
get copying or envelopes to address at home;
wages very moderate. M. V. T.. 38 Bth. city.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; call be-
tween 10 and 4. 215 Kearny st.
STYLISH dressmaking;- highest satisfaction
given; special inducements; prices reason-
able, lie Twelfth s*.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $G
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.^
I WORK by young married man, discharged sol-
dier; office work preferred; salary not so
' much object as permanent position and ad-
vancement. Box 3264, Call office.
CHIEF engineer wants position; 26 years' ex-
perience with compound condensing Corliss:
good machinist and electrician. Address room
13. Murphy building. ■-
YOUNG man of 12 years' experience in com-
mission business, with $1000, desires a re-
sponsible position; Al references. J. A. R.,
box 811. Oakland office Call.
MAN and wife want situations; man as gar-
dener and wife as cook: first-class references;
city or country. Box 3261, Call office.
SITUATION by young man to take, care horse,
cow, garden; good driver; handy with tools;
state wages. Address box 3252, Call office. .
YOUNG German wishes situation; Is willing
and obliging; any line of work. Address 251
Turk Bt. '
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, wants
light work; small wages expected: best of ref-
erences. -Address 11. W., 10 Anthony st.
SOBER young man wishes to learn the cigar-
making trade; wages no object. Box 3262. Call.
j YOUNG baker wants situation on cakes. Ad-
dress 743 Brannan st. ■
EXPERIENCED bread and cake baker wishes
situation In bakery or restaurant. Apply 245
Eighth st. . .
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
in city or country; wages no object. Box 3278,
Call office. _ : _
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some
experience in most branches: climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277, Call.
' SITUATION wanted by strong Swedish man;
watchman, Janitor, porter; steady, sober;
good worker; single. Address O. LUNDBERG,
1715 O'Farrell st. -
WANTED— or porter work by steady,
sober young man, with references. Box 1560,
Call office. ' -. .•';.■.;.:
A YOUNG man understanding gardening,
chickens,, horses, desires position; wages $20
per month; references. Box 3269, Call. ■
CLOTHING salesman, first-class stockkeeper,
wants situation; best of references. Box 3273,
Call. , ' ■
WANTED— By a young man, window or house
cleaning; all kinds of walls and wall paper
cleaned or other work. ANDERSON, 952
Bush st.; telephone East 963.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches,' seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
POSITION by single man, age 35, in commis-
sion house; two years' experience in grocery
and produce trade; good : reference as to
character and ability. Address box 1337, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable young, man
holding two bank references; either as janitor
or, watchman. . Address box 1258. Call. office.
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chief's
I license wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. ' Address box 1374, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. "
GEORGE MAYERLE, German ' expert optician.
l'.-Ti > 3 Market st., San Francisco. ■>" -
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flats now ready; none mor» beauti-
ful; electric lighting and every modern con-
venience. 846 Fell at near Filimore. bPEOK
& CC^_667_j,larket et.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Rltch St.,
near Folsom and Third.
CLAYTON, 873, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hulning made easy~with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWi.Lt,
10 Montgomery st.
FOURTEENTH, 134. near Shotwell— Sunny 6
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth St.
MOSS, 30— A nice sunny upper flat of 5 rooms
and bath. Key cor Howard and Mosa, nr. 7th.
NOE, 697-599, cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, 13 50;
6 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
THIRD. 417>,£— LatesTlmproved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH, 1014 near Scott— 2 new flats
6 and 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine garden and
eunny-side view.
TWENTY-THIRD 407S near Castro— s sunny
_rooms; bath; large lot: $15; "water free.
VALLEJO, 1123— Fiat, 4 rooms, yard, $9; 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rooms, bath. $16: redu'd.
$16— GOOD 8-room house; largo yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st.
$19— FLAT: 119 William St., near Post and Tay-
lor; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William i
FURNITUItE FOR SALE.
$300— FURNITURE ond carpets. 7-room flat;
nearly new; rent cheap. Call 772 Stevenson
St., near Ninth.
FURNITURE of 7 room house for sale. Apply
912 Howard st.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
BOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED — Agents.
STREET meiTano^boyT^o sell badges. • Geary
St., room 15.
WANTED— Canvassers and agents for novel-
tlea. 22^. Gear)' St.. room 6.
HELP WANTED Female.
Head waitress. ■>; head waitress, $25; 10
waitresses, commercial houses, $20; 6 wait-
resses, city, $20; S restaurant waitresses. SS;
extra waitresses, Santa Cruz, $1 and free fare;
fancy ironer, $10 a week, country; manglers,
city and country, $13 and $20 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS
Second girl, across the bay, $25; second girl,
city, $25; cooks, house girls and nurse girls,
city and country, $15 to $30; governess, $25;
see lady here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SALESLADIES for first-class candy Btore; $7
week. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— 2 WAITRESSES. $20 each, city; 2 wait-
resses, $25; arm waiting, country, $25. D.
CULLEN, 225 Sutter St.
A YOUNG girl take care of 2 children: $12 per
month; ref. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 Hi>AK!'lN<; house r.v.ks; J2i each; country.
D. CULLEN. 323 Sutter st
A— HOUSEWORK. Menlo, $2r>; Fmitvale, $30;
Stockton, $2f.; Palo Alto, $30; San Lorenzo,
$25: Oakland, $LT.; Berkeley, $2.': 20 house-
work girls, $23 and $20; 10 young girls to as-
sist, «12 and $1.". P. iri.l.KN, :!"•"• Sutter st.
WANTED — First-class German or Scandinavian
cook, $33; also German or Scandinavian cham-
bermaid at same place. $25: 2 flrst-claM
laundresses, private family, $20; 2 Scandi-
navians, cook, wash and Iron. 2 in family,
|35; 1" waitresses, city and country. $20. $25, $*J
and $6 a week; Protestant, second Kills, $20
and $25; German nurse, $25; and a large num-
ber of Irish, Scandinavian, German nnd Pro-
testant girls for cooking, washing and iron-
ing and for general housework for city and
country too numerous to advertise at good
wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Slti Sutter st.
WANTED— An experienced labeler; also girl to
make herself useful in labeling department.
M 1 '..S. NETTIE HARRISON. 40 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS sewera for cording underskirts,
etc. to take work home. Apply H. FRIED-
LAN PER, 338 Fell Ft.
PROTESTANT girl; general housework: small
family: no children; little- washing. 1193
Valencia St.
GIRL for general housework; no washing; no
children; wages $15. 42S Connecticut St.; Slx-
teenth-st. Cars.^
WANTFD-- Girl 16 to 16 to take caro child of 3
and assist light housework; no cooking. Ap-
ply 728 Howard st.
WANTED— Brleht young lady canvassers to
work among returned soldiers at the Presidio.
Call at 25 Third St., room 24^
YOUNG girl for plain cooking and housework;
nice place. IOS'-j; Oak St.; call early.
GOOD starcher and Ironer wanted at St. Nich-
olas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
NEAT German girl for housework and cook-
ing: good wages. 2520 Vallejo St., near Scott.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 106 Battery St.,
northeast corner of Pine.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1236
golden Gate aye., npar Filimore st.
NEAT young girl to care for children and as-
Flst In upstairs work. 818 Hayes st.
HELP wanted on pants. 40 Ellis St., room 47.
WANTED— Ladles' clothes Ironer. STAND-
ARD LAUNDRY. 114 Hayes st ;
GIRL to learn plain sewing and dressmaking.
39 Madlaon aye., Harrison and Fifth.
GERMAN girl for children and sewing; $20;
references. SW. cor. Laguna and Washington.
GIRL to attend to baby; call after 12. 142
Guerrero st.
WANTED— Experienced nursegirl. Apply at
1434 Post St., between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced cook. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m.. 1434 Post Bt.
YOUNG girl for housework. 1053 Market St., up-
stairs.
GERMAN girl to ass!** with housework; good
wages. 629 McAllister Bt.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $18.
744 Hayes st.
GIRL for housework; wages $10. 1201 Buchanan
street.
GIKL to assist In housework; wages $12. 1429
Post st.
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on
custom coats. 641 Market st.
TWO young ladles to join hop-picking party.
Address box 1387, Call office.
WANTED— 2 girls to learn~book folding at 605
Montgomery st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED cannem wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan at., bet. Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth nnd Bryant sts.
WANTED— Well-bredwell-appearlng energetic
women; experienced canvassers preferred; only
those with best of reference need apply. Ad-
dress or rail Monday and Tuesday, 9 a. m.,
_at J>ox 1251. Call office.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$-' per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Reliable and competent girl to care
for 2 young children In country home; give
good references. P. O. box 14, Nlles.
COAT finishers on men's coata; female. Metro-
politan TaHoring Co.. 671 Market at.
WANTED— First-class talloress on fine coats.
231 Post St., room 27.
GIRL for housework; sleep home. 809 Polk. Bt.
PANTS finisher at 110 William St., off Geary,
between Taylor and Joneß.
WANTED— A first-class German cook In Jew-
lnh restaurant. 113 Turk st
WANTED— A first-class talloress on coats. 236
Fourth st.
GERMAN girl to assist in general housework;
no children. 3116 Sixteenth, near Valencia.
TWO girls to fold and strip paper boxes. 16
Fremont st.
OPERATOR on pants; electric power. 83 Third
St.; upstaim.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
178 San Jose aye, ' ,
HELP WANTED — Female.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework; wages $15. Address P. O. box 164,
San Rafael.
HELP WANTED — Male.
FEE— FREE— FEE.
FARE FREE FARE FREE
10 stonemasons $3 50 a day
25 stonemason helpers $2 to $2 GO a day
50 4-horse teamsters - $2 a day
60 2-horse teamsters $175 a day
100 laborers $175 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
All Free Fee and Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
VALLEY ROAD FREE FARE
6 plowholders..*. $2 15 a day
6 scraper loaders $2 15 a day
60 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
CO laborers $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN ft CO.,
104 Geary st.
APPLE packer, $28 and found; teamster. $30
and found; blacksmith, $40 and found; black-
Bmith, II R camp, free fare, $2 25 a day;
farm hands, laborers, etc. C. K. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman, $100; a thoroughly experi-
enced man in all branches. C. R. HANSEN'
& CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $65; cook and helper, $60; cook,
country institution, $40; extra cooks, $2 50;
scrubber, hotel, $20; waiters, $2 a day; waiter,
springs, $22 50.
Extra barkeeper, $2 a day, board and room.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
SECOND cook for a hotel in Honolulu, $60:
baker and pastry cook. $60. same place; both
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Engineer for mine; machinist for
country, $2 50 to $3 day; ranch teamster, $1 25
day and board; butter-maker and wife; job-
bing carpenter, $2 50 day, steady work: man
for second-hand furniture store; blacksmith's
helper. $1 50 day and board; blacksmith and
carpenter for ranch; 3 Bheepherdera. $20 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for Institution, $60; boardlng-
house cook, $45; cook, small hotel. $30: restau-
rant cook, $9 and $10 week; waiters, dish-
washers and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO hop picUers, 90c and $1; 3 labor-
ers for mine, $26 and found; 75 laborers Xor
quarries and railroad work, $1 75 and $2 40
day; 56 teamsters for scrapers and sand
w;igons, $1 7;, and $2 day. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
W'A NTED
Gardener, nrivate place, near city, see em-
ployer here, $25 and found; stableman for
stock ranch, near oity, $20 and found; black-
smith helper for ranch, must drive shoes. $35
per montli and board; blacksmith helper, in
city, no Shoeing, $S per week; pond men, tally
men and yard men for mill; farmers, labor-
ers, teamsters, cooks, waiters aJid others.
W. D. EWEH & CO., 610 Clay st.
DISHWASHERS, $30; dishwasher and cook,
short orders, $30: young man to run dummy,
etc.. $25; gardener, $W; vegetable man, $20:
potwasher. $20, family hotel; laborers for fac-
tory, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
BARKEEPER, country hotel, $30; dishwasher,
$20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st..
room 12.
TO tailors' salesmen— Salesman wanted; must
be acquainted with the business. Apply aftor
9 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor,
721 Market st.
wanted Steady reliable man In ■■ mmlaslon
business; will pay $15 to $18 per week; must
have $100 cash; experience not necessary. 1016
Market st., room 10.
ACTIVE man wfth $150 to take Interest with
party in lucrative business In this city for
past 20 years. Apply at room 2, Sl7 Market.
FURNACE tender for brass foundry. Apply
Sii]..-rintendent THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mis-
sion et.
SALESMAN with established trade with bar-
rooms and restaurants; side line; 4 to 5 p. m. t
12 Montgomery st., room 12.
BAKER wanted to help on bread; steady work.
Call after 10 a. m., 3260 Kinteenth st., near
Howard.
AN all-round laundryman to take entire charge
of a Bteam plant: $100. State age, nationality,
experience and reference to box 2206, Call.
GORDON press boy; call early. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— First-class men to work In brick
yard at South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
COATMAKER wanted to work inside. 411%
K.'arny St.. first floor.
LADIES' man tailor. JOE ROSENBERG, Sl6
Market st.
COAT, pants and vest makers for country. Ap-
EIEISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
Uoi'TBLACK wanted: wages $6 per week.
1205 Flllmore 9t., near Turk.
SAILORS wanted for British ships going to Eu-
rope. Apply at Clothing Store, 319 Drumm St.
WANTED— A young man to assist in furniture
store. 1310 Stockton st., afteroon.
COATMAKEKS on custom coats; steady work.
106 Battery Bt., near corner Pine.
COATMAKER— Work in shop; steady by week.
120 Sutter Bt., room 75.
MEN wanted at 839 Bryant st.
WANTED— Young man to sell patented toy in
street; references. Box 3254. Call office.
WANTED— TaiIor at ROOS BROS.'. 25 to 37
Kearny St.
WANTED— Han and wife to cook and take care
orchard. C. HENDERSON, 304 Montgomery.
WANTED— A good barber at 626 Fourth Bt.
80Y— 612 Kearny st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1436 Turk at
BARBER, evening!", Saturdays, Sundays;
wages $6. 437 Third St.
BARBER wanted. 137 Taylor St.. near Eddy.
BARBER wanted; steady. Call about Ba. m.
at 3 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted; steady Job to right man.
252 Ellis st. ■
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 222 Goueh st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED barber shop, with fix-
tures; rent low. 1105% Howard st.
DISHWASHER wanted; restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
DISHWASHER wanted. 120% Taylor st.
WANTED— Young man to wait at table in res-
taurant. 135 Powell st.
BOYS from 14 to IS years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter St.. room 14.
WANTED— Good newspaper canvasser. Ad-
dress box 311, Call oirice, Oakland.
BUGLER wanted; man or boy. Apply lm-
medlately to 1406. Call building.
OPERATORS on custom coats. 641 Market st.
ERRAND boy; also boy to learn tailoring;
paid. 120 Sutter St., room 75.
WANTED — Boy to learn plumbing trade; call
early. 519 Guerrero st.
GOOD waiter wanted at 907 Kearny st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks: only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
TO tailors — A quick, general tailor that Ik
eteady can find steady employment at good
wagon; country; married man preferred. Par-
ticulars call at 129 Eddy st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
■ on Valley Road.
WANTED— Butler. Apply to CLAUS SPRECK-
ELS, 327 Market St.. between the- hours of
10 and 12; references required.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth St.
WANTED — A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders in the United States. Call
or address DR. W. M. PARK, 24 Sixth st.,
San Francisco, Cal.; office hours, 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m.
WANTED— 2 reliable cooks to take charge of
good restnursi-' in Nevada: small capital re-
quired. Inquire W. J. BELL, room 247,
Golden West Hotel, at 12 o'clock Friday and
Saturday.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis at.
WANTED— Boy of 15 or 16 years of age in
Men's Furnishing Store; $3(0 a week. Ad-
dress box 3268, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on coats. S. N
WOOD, 71S Market St.
BOY wanted to learn tailoring at 38 Grove st.
TEN discharged volunteers; call bet. 11 and 3
712 Montgomery St. ED LYONS JR.
COATMAKERS on men's coats Inside. MET-
ROPOLITAN TAILORING CO., 671 Market.
BOY to help on milk wagon: German Dreferred.
1507 Broderlck st., near Sutter.
HELP WANTED Hale.
....SUPERINTENDENTS AND FOREMEN??T
superintendent understanding grades, etc.;
scraper gangs, $100 per month and found. Bee
boss at our office
foreman for a ranch, boss here, $40 to $50 and
found
foreman for vineyard $33 and found
MfHItAY it READY, C.?A Ud KM Clay ft.
SPECIAL NEW S. P. R R. WORK
Near city; 15 teamsters, $2 day, free fare.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
GOVERNMENT WORK
7 carpenters, free fare, 8 hours' work $3 day
19 carpenters, different jobs, $3, $2 50 $2 day
and found. CARRIAGE PAINTER, ENGIN-
EER, WAGONMAKER. FRUIT PACKERS.
MEN TO MAKE FRUIT BOXES, SASH
AND DOOR MAKER. CABINET-MAKERS.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED $75 $40, $30, $30 and found
3 FARMERS and WIVES. .2 cooks and wives
8 MILKERS and wives. .CARPENTER and
wife. MURRAY & READY^ 634-636 Clay St.
BIG WAGES HERE
18 laborers (no experience), fare 35c $60
12 laborers for a farm (no teaming), EOc
fa ; ■» » G0
19 laborers, free fare (no experience) $00
54 laborers for mines (no experience), fares
from $1 30, wages $57, $00, $45, $40, $33, with
board, etc •• •
14 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $145 $60
6 teamsters, city work, haul sandstone
$40 and found
5 Fnnrlstone cutters, boss here $"> day
6 stonpmasons, fare paid $3 50 day
drillers, hammermen. S P pass $2 75 day
12 laborers to clean out tunnels, free fare... s6o
5 diamond drillers for mines $3 50 day
12 comT miner* 16 blockmakers
29 laborers Manufacturing Co., fare 10c
$36 and found
12 iaborers Manufacturing Co., city. s26 and fd
184 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, including San Francisco, $3, $2 50,
$2, $1 75 day, $40, $35, $30, $26 and found, come
and see
mllkwugon driver light tmck teamster, city
jobs, $25 and found and $10 week 1 . MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE'SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
To every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). DRILL-
ERS. HEADERMEN. HAMMERSMEN.
J'LOW HOLDERS, MUCKERS, LABORERS,
TEAMSTERS, SECTION HANDS, ETC..
WAGES $3 DAY
Board and lodging, $4 50 week. WE SHIP
FREE. MURRAY & READY. C3l-636 Clay st.
STABLEMEN AND HAY BALERS
9 stablemen, city and country jobs. $40. $35.
$30, $25, $20 and found: also gardeners, private;
18 strong men to bale hay. fare $1, $3 50 day
and found; boy to drive horse for hay presa.
fare 90c $33 and found
DAIRY AND FARM AND HARVEST HELP
16 milkers, butter makers $30, $25 and found
84 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and
found: 27 hay and harvest hands, $2, $150,
$125 day and found
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
45 men and boys for chores on farms, etc.,
factories, manufacturing companies, learn
trades cash boys, bakeries, elevators and
hells, learn waiting. WASH CANS. $30. $26.
$25 $20, $15. $in and $S and found, and by the
DAY and WEEK
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICKERS..S3O and fd.. FRUITPICKERS
34 fruitpickers. Banking Co.. fare $1
$30 and found
63 fruitpickers,. north, special fare.. s3o and fd
49 fruitpickers, south, special fare.. s3o and fd
12 men and boys to pick fruit and tules. fare
f,oc $35 and found
8 strong boys to pick fruit and seeds, fare
$1 25 $23 and found
55 fruitpickers, No. 1 ranch, fare $150
$30 and found
5 fruitpickers fare $1 7<"> $30 and found
15 small boys to pick fruits, fare $3 50
$15 ajid found
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: YOU CAN
PICK FRUITS. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES COME AND SEE
TO 47 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
IS3 laborers (no experience required) to work
In yards, mills, woods, etc., learn to run
machines, etc., $26 to $40 per month and found
ALSO— Tallymen, timber pilers, head don-
Wt-y men, crosscut sawyers, mill men,
woodsmen, setters for mills, mill
bench hand, wood turners, tree fel-
lers, tie-makers and wondchr.ppers by
the hundreds, $90, $50, $70. $60, $50, $40,
$30 and found; cord $2, $150, $1 cord;
ties 12c each. MURRAY & READY,
6:m ana C;:G Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS MACHINISTS
3 boilermakers. country Job $3 75 day
2 machinists, city Job $3 day
MURRAY <£ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
14 BLACKSMITHS and horseshoers for
ranches, camps, shops, etc.. also helpers,
$2 50, $2 day. $50, $-10. $35. $-10 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS LAUNDRY HELP BAKERS
39 cooks for hotels, restaurants, camps,
boarding houses, ranches, saloons, govern-
ment and excursion party, $<iO, $50, $45, $40.
$35, $30 and found: also second and third hand
broilers and SHORT ORDER, and boarding
houses, and NIGHT COOKS
WAITERS OYSTER HOUSES
34 waiters for hotels, restaurants, coffe*
houses, boarding houses, mines, camps, gov-
ernment, saloon 3, etc., $35. $30, $25, $20 and
found
DISHWASHERS
C 3 dishwashers, potwashers, vegetable men,
kitchen hands, $25, $20. $15 and found
PORTERS ... JANITORS ... SHOEMAKERS
7 LAUNDRYMEN $35, 530, $25 and found
3 Eecond, 4 third hands and boys to learn
bakery business, $35. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and
INSTITUTION' HELP.! . .. .. .. . . CABIN BOYS
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— A sober man to feed horses and
care of stable. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Eoy to learn plumbing trade; call
early. 519 Guerrero st.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. ; free shaving- In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night: 75c, SI
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863 - Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Harness maker for general work
for country. 26"> Stevenson St.
V. ANTED — First-class men to work in brick
yard at South Pan Francisco, San Mateo Co.
CARRIAGE maker; first-class body maker. Bay
View Carriage Factory, San Rafael.
COATMAKER by CHAS. JAEGER, San Ra-
fael.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Gordon Job presses.
16 Fremont st.
WILL you canvass and collect? If so write
box 1254. Call office.;
BOYS from 14 to 18 years. Apply at 246 Sutter
et.. room 14.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Good horse and light spring wagon
and harness. 538 McAllister st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses DAL-
-7.1 EL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
ROOMING and boarding-house, full of perma-
nent No. 1 people: 22 rooms well furnished;
sure profit of $100 to $125 a month; 111 health
cause of sale; positively cheap at $13^0, but
$1100 takes It: two-thirds cash, balance pay-
ments. J. W. DONNELLY & CO . 632
Market st.
SUNNY corner 18-room house for rent; part
furniture for sale or exchange for ranch near
city. 435 Fourth st.
HOWARD. 715— Elegant lodging-house; 200 sun-
ny rooms: Investigate immediately.
HOUSES TO LET.
A M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST
HOUSES. FLATS.
554 Natoma.; 9 r... .525 415% Baker; 7 r....525
756 Folsom; 7 r 21 579 Geary; 6 r 27 50
1109 Shotwell; 6 r. 20 i 1720 Page; 5 r 24
620 Valencia; 6 r.. 20!1253 Union; 6 T....22 50
3356 20th; 5 r 13 j 831 Eddy; 4 r 22 50
3012 25th; 5 r 13 1 1328 Hayes; 6 r 18
315 Jersey; 6 r.... 1311C09 Turk; 6 r 17 B0
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
TO LET— A house of 6 rooms and bath; rent
low. 316 Laguna st.
TWO fine houses In splendid condition; 3356 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411% California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, sliver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
HOUSES TO LET — Furnished.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap}
also house for rent. Address 904 Kearny st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Part of Manila cigar case on Geary st..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Return to SAM
GOLDMAN, 60 Ellis st
BETWEEN Strawberry Hill.- Larkln and Eddy
sts., star breastpin set with pearls, diamond
in center. Retur <rkin st.; reward.
$5 REWARD — Irish water spaniel lost Satur-
day last. L. PH. BOLANDER, 432 Fair Oaks.
LOST— Brown purse. Seventeenth st., near
Valencia; name on papers. Return to 530%
Valencia st. ; keep cash.
LOST— Minx neck fur at Ashby station or
Berkeley train. Notify MRS. STONE, U ~.\
Dolores st. ; reward.
LOST — Black cockerel pup, five months old 1
liberal reward if returned. 2025 California at!
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and epeedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere: they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal an.l privacy of a home; consultation, free
and confidential; home treatment. $5; no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. PR. GWYER, 510
Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours,
10 to \}, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
Instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no Instruments used; safe
and sure: cure at any time when others fail;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable la.iies' physician of
long and successful practice ; contl. lnitial ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st..
bet. Mason and Taylor, of rice hours. 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m., 7 to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; home in confinement; skillful medical
attention; all can pave time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, b*f<u-o g< ins else-
where. MRS. DR. WTETH, 942 Post -t . bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 t , %
p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
MRS. DR. WEGE'NER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; saf(>, quick
cure for all female complaints; private homo
in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention; in-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call: they will find
a true friend and advisor; consult free; self-
cure, $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
' true frlendg of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fa' 1 delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay: self -cure sent, call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1223 Market St..
pills. $1: very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men'a
knowledge; cure, $."; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. li' 2 3; 2 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and herb saYiitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
. advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to I
and 7 to :) d. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free.confldenttal:
home treatments. MRS. ALLEN, 22SVanNess.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladies' friend
in trouble: terms reas.; call and be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife: Infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO., druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 11l Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD.inidwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
(100,000 TO loan on dlamondß, watches. Jewelry
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
MISCELLANEOUS — For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-IS7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
LIGHT fancy driving cart; a bargain. 836
Devisadero St., near McAllister.
FOR sale— Counters and shelving; store to let;
suitable for delicacy store. 1524 Howard st.
CHOICE canaries for sale, $1 50 a piece; fine
singers. 722 Hayes st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order-
complete. 1915 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
BAY windows and single seats to rent during
the procession. . HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714
Market st.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKK CO.. 655 Market st.
WINDOWS for rent for the parade. 861 and
871 Market, opposite the Baldwin.
PURE dlstUled water ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
W Co., 420 Eighth St., S. F.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
ENGINES for automobiles; carriages, separata
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
In. gas engine: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
A— s3 ;«0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE FUit. $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also win*
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. H. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DO you know any tool machinery for salet
EPSTEIN.. 648 Mission, pays commission.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. H. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAX
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. Mi-COLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4fi Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
A_N'T amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential
BONKLLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st!
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
out Indorser. MORREI.L. 609 Examiner bid?.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye —Money
loar.ed on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortas •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.'
ON furniture, pianos, without removaH n"o
commission; private. LICK, JlB McAJiuti* **»MONEY TO LOVX.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
wtthr.tt ir.dorsT. TOUSLET. *:'•: Parrott bde
IF your property Is m -..-it-ed and you need
Trier* money see H. MT'KHHY. f.30 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling ; .od upright pianos for $5
cash ar.d $(i per month, we ask you to lnvestl-
rnte and approve this method: prices are th»
fame as i:' purchased for all cash: bargains
In gcod Eeccnd-hand uprights upon same easy
payments ar.d some crood pianos for $3. $4 and
$3 rer month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
AI'SOLUTF.LY the oldest and largest houce
west of Chicago la KOHLF.R A. CHASE'S.
?6. *S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
nil ether musical Instruments of ail grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible do.. 9 to please and satisfy tha j
customer.
AN almost new Stelnway upright sacrificed.
Room 12, Flood building. Fourth and Market.
GOOD piano In storase on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of cood second-hard v rights for
fnie cb.enr at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
A DECKER .<c SON. Lite pi.mo ror you to buy;
JwautKul r.ew style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN - Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMIT7.'. is "cAlHster. next Hib«rnia Bank.
A— s>s: UPRIGHT piar.o In One condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
. — ______^_^^__
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 21S McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $*3 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. J2 up ia}_pwpd on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis
SOHMKR. Byron tans] and other pianos. 30$
Pest St.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY, HI Post st.
W. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: -e-.v scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHASE. 30 O'FarreU st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. H. !
MT'LLFR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. j
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ETlMA^SPßE^K^EL^bun^nffr^MarkeTir—
Desirable offices, $12 50 to S2<l.
i
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc. j
Inquire 621 California st. !
$11— STORE, three sunny rooms and cellar.
l"0S Natorna St.. near Eleventh. j
TO-LET— Office, first floor. 1032 Market Et..
cpp. Fifth.
STORE suitable for drug, dry goods or any
ether business; $30. SW. cor. Pacific and
Leavenworth sts. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery, j
FOR rent-Store. 531H Howard st.: Just the i
place for barber shsp or restaurant. wRIM i
& CO.. 11 j Montgomery St. J
PALMISTRY.
i!ME?~NEERGAARD f pupil of Count St- O«r-
-maln. #1« Geary st., above Jcnes: classes;
d?. I**1 ** hours Itof p. m. : reading by mail. 11.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN desires acquaintance with
yours Swedish lady from 25 to 30 years of I
&£(■.; engineer by trade; commanding steady i
salary; object, matrimony. B'jx 3250. Call.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East- !
crn Outfitting Co.. IS,6 Stockton, nr. Broad- j
way. There you can get most anything in that j
tine m easy payments: open ev^nings^ |
MISS PEARL HlLL— Please send address, j
BILLY. !
J. W. STAHL please communicate with MRS. j
P.. M. REESE. 207 Montgomery aye.. S. F. \
r. H." S.— Send adlress to this office. A. J.,
box 3275. Call office.
TO let— Finest window on Market St. to view
l>ara<ie. Room 4, 1206 Market St., corner of
Golden Gate aye.
50 GOOD scats and windows for viewing day
and night parade. 724'"j Market st., room 24. I
WINDOWS to rent on Market -■ for viewing j
parade. Apply room 19, 1 Fifth st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark I
Attorney at Law. and Copyright ■
No. 4 Suiter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ;
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem- j
r.ants frr suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75: I
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1544 j
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: "00 rooms;
20c to $1 60 per nlcht: 51 SO to $6 per week; !
free "}>U£ and hagpasr-; to and from the ferry.
HAIR dressing !.= a hlsh art which LEDERER j
has studied to perfection: z:< only; fine win- ■
dew display of switches this week, fine ones
$1; extra fine $2 50. 123 Stockton st. j
LEDERJER'S QT'INTONICA is the hair tonic !
that you can depend upon: no evil results i
from Its use; .k*: bottle. 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, pil^s cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. S3S Market st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Inter I
f,*rfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
NEW cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP- j
KINS. 993 Market st.. office 2. i
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look j
nice together. Mexican Art. 114 Stockton st.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made aits to order at '
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. j
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
JAMES A SORENSEN. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 101 Sixth St.. near Mission.
EUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
PSUPTURE. stricture cured: no knife; no Injee-
ticn: guarantd. Dr. Oordln.sM Pine.ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought, ■
scM: tel. Mint W7. JACOBS. 1023 Koisom St. :
F T 'IT? to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th ar.d Sth.
WaNTKD— nu gold for manufacng. O. Nolts.
jPT»'>r. 24« O'Farr°ii. hx»t. Powell & Mason. i
— i
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
I P. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment dally. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 12C3 Market St.. room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
IOHH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
SNAPS. BARGAINS.
J2.300 — Foreclosure: anything over this ■ will
buy a nice residence In the Mis-
sion; 24th st. cars pass door; lot 25x
114.
fjO rf>o— Pays IS per cent: eleven flats and one
dwelling In Al condition: always rented.
large ■— . four frontages; must be sold '
immediately.
INVESTMENTS.
$7,000— On Folsom et., near 4th, through to
rear street, old improvements.
j.S,soQ_Thr«e-story brick and Iron building:
near Kearny and Sacramento sts.; lot
20x59:6.
FLATS.
J2,tyy>— Rents $2S; two flats on 15th St., one-
half block from Market st. ; let 25x11".
$5,500— Thr»re modern up-to-date flats of j.
rooms and bath; always rented; 28x«5. ;
Jl7, ooo— Three new fiats; rents $112 50; on Fell |
St.. corner facing Panhandle; lot 31:2 x ,
137:6.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$4. VA- Elegant modern residence, near Park
Panhandle; 7 rooms and bath.
$2. SCO— Bank foreclosure; nice two-story house I
of 7 rooms and bath; on Sb twell St.. ;
near 20d. i
{3,lso— Modern 7-room cottage on Golden Gate
&•:». ; lot CixlOO.
SW Cath. baUnct $iCO can remain on bank
mortgage; nice cottage: lot 25x114.
$1,300— Nic cottase of 5 rooms: sunny side
street, near car lines; IfsSH,
We hold our regular auction gales every two
weeks. For further i>articu!ars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
en Market st.
EXECUTOR'S sale of real estate, subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Francisco.
South side of Bush st.. 110 feet westerly
from the westerly line of Polk St.. 55x110 feet, ,
through to Fern aye., together with Improve- j
ments Nos. 1411. 1413 and 1115 Bush st.
Bids ir.ay be ir.ade to EDWARD R. ROCK,
executor. 327 Market st.. up to Sept. 3, I*9. ■
Terms cash In United States gold coin. :
~~ ".. TWO BARGAINS
$1000 down, balance ■M as rent; 7 and J i
room houses; every room sunny; well built :
and up to date: Carl st., near Stanyan; blue
cars. Eddy-st. line, pass the door; Halght-st.
cars transfer at Masonic aye.; owner on j
premises. I
SEW HOMES
Five. 6, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished .
with all modern conveniences, fronting on ;
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to MSW: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL- ■
SON. Buildor.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park. -
vest of First aye.. .and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
SIX elegant modern flats; all rented: SE. cor. ■
Sacramento and Scoit: cheap. J. H. CARSE, <
11 Montgomery st-
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sale.
auction of investment. residence
a:--) unimproved property,
at salesroom, 14 montgomery st..
monday. august :s. Iss9.
at 12 o'clock noon,
administrator's sale. .
322 Chestnut st.. N. line 120 feet W of
Dupont; 3-story house, I rocms. bath, brick
foundation; street acceded; lot 20x70; subject
to confirmation by court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
i 322 Fremont st.. SW. 11. ne 208 feet SE. of
Folsom: residence of 13 rooms, bath; lot
22:6x1*) to rear alley; subject to confirmation
by court.
BEULAH-ST. COTTAGE.
125 Beulah St.. S. line 231 feet E. of Stan-
yan; bay-window cottage. 7 rooms, bath, large
basement, brick foundation, etc.; street ac-
cepted; lot 25x157:6; with or without furniture,
which is complete.
BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
625, m and 629 Broderick St.. W. line 100
feet N. of Grove; 3 bay-window flat*. 6. 6 and
5 rooms, bath, each; rents $42 50. which are
low; cement walk; street accepted; lot 2oxl00;
part cash; balance on easy terms.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
s*« 530 532 and 534 Folsom St., NW. line
275 f^et SW. of First: choice location; rapidly
becoming manufacturing property; rents $100
per month; lot SOxSO.
ELEVENTH-ST FLATS.
354 and 354 1 - Eleventh St.. SW. line 305 feet
FE of Folsom; . fiats. 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
each; rents $3S per month; street accepted; lot
3OxfJs.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGES.
605 and tt'7 Diamond st . E. line 53 feet S. of
Twenty-third, bay-window cottages, 5 rooms,
bath, "each: cement walks, etc.; lots 25x100
each; part cash; balance on easy terms.
McALLISTER-ST. COTTAGE.
1511 McAllister St.. S. line 225 feet W. of
Parker aye ; bay-window cottage. I rooms,
bath, cement walk, etc.; lot 25x33:6; mortgage
of $700 can remain.
POND-ST. COTTAGE.
35 Pond St., T. line 1*7:6 feet S. of Sixteenth;
2-s:ory house of S rooms, bath; rent $16; can be
converted into 2 flats at small cost; cement
walk: street bituminized; lot 25x56:6; part cash,
balance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
1017 'Lombard St., S. line 100:4 feet E. of
Hyde: cottage, 4 rooms and bath; rent $16;
lot 21x137:6.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
4401 Eiehteenth st., SW. corner of Eureka;
bay-window residence of 10 rooms, bath, and
parlor floor is elegantly , finished In natural
wood; streets bltuminlzed; lot 35x73.
SANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
1233 Sanchez St., NE. corner of Clipper; 3
bay-window flats. 5. 5 and 4 rooms, bath, each;
rents $32 per month; lot 2SxsO; part cash; bal-
ance on easy terms.
LOMBARD-ST. FLATS.
409 and 411 Lombard St., S. line Pi feet W.
of Dupont; 4 bay-window flats of 4 and S
rooms, bath, each; rents $."/i: stone walk; brick
foundation; street accepted; lot 40xSO.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
1426 California St., N. line 75 feet E. of Lai
kin; 3 new bay-window flats of 7. I and 6
rooms, bath, each; rents $105: brick foundation;
cement walk; street accepted; lot 25x70:10.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD' S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA ay«.. 449 (Astabnry Heights)—
Six eleeant furnished rooms, with stable.
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor suite: 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg. ; single or en suite.
FOLSOM. 525 Large sunny furnished room,
light housekeeping, $1 50 weekly.
FOURTH. 435— Housekeeping rooms famished
or unfurnished.
HICKORY aye.. ljl— 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping at $13 r«r month.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— — sunny fur-
nished rooms, suites: also rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable; transient.
HOWARD, Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD. 1131'U— Sunny bay-window suite;
newly furnished; light housekeeping; other
rooms.
HOWARD, 1324—2 large sunny rooms; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
HYDE, 129 — Sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping, running water; rent reasonable.
IVANHOE. IOOa Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny: fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
JESSIE. 443. bet. Mint aye. and Sixth st.—
Double and single rooms; also housekeeping.
MISSION, 525— Front room with folding bed
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought:
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS. ISGrant.
SIXTH, IS6— Rooms for light housekeeping; alio
other rooms; visitors solicited.
SIXTH, 405 — Suite of housekeeping rooms; gas,
bath, running water: $12.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest In city; low rates; furnished or not.
EUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably fun>.
single suites: also h*kp? . : terms reasonable.
TENTH. IS, near Market— 2 large sunny front
rooms; housekeeping if desired.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; $1 25 and
$1 W.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
fioor; 3 rooms and bath; oth»r rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 518— Sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; gas range.
WEBSTER. *13— First floor; four large sunny
rooms for housekeeping: no children.
ROOMS TO LET — and Infnrn.
A-BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
2£c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms blight and sunny,
tingle, suite: charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms. 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand. 246 Sd— 2oo lst-cUss sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day: 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 52 Second— single, doubl* and light
housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
AT 29 Turk. cor. Taylor— New mangt.. renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. : transient.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post— Sunny corner suits and
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates to traveling
men.
BURNETT, H2« Market (old No. 1364»— Fur-
nUhed rnu., suites, single: elso unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 12CS Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA. 172. east of Third— 3 front
sunny rooms; upstairs.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat !
rooms, from $1 50 a week up. j
EDDY. 614— Small sunny rooms, clean and
quiet, bath, gas, private family; 15 and $9.
ELLIS, 51&— New and elegantly furnished
rooms: en suite or single.
ELLIS, 63?, corner Larkin — Sunny furnished
room: mantel and bath.
FERNWELL Hous»,47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suites and single: baths. !
FOURTH, 2224 (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 15 up. i
FULTON, 116— Good, sunny front room; rent
reasonable.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites. $2 per week up; very desirable.
GEARY. 405 (The Comfortable furn. !
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYEK.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE cor Seventh and
Mission its.— Sunny rooms, en suite or (ingle;
ladies' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 741 Mission— Select family .
rooming hou«e; Jl SO to $6 per week. j
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. Second and Third, nr.
Harrison— eunny room; private
house: reasonable.
HOTEL Grosvenor. . 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms. ; elev.: free baths.
HOWARD. 529— Furnished rooms from $1- per '
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
LARKIN. Sunny back bedroom and kitch- i
en furnished; yard; $3: double room' fur.. $7. j
LEAVENWORTH, 1121. nr. Sacramento— Nicely
furnished alcove front room; also others.
MINNA. 667, cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay- I
window room. $1 per week; transient. 1
MARKET. 1035. and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment: fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MASON. 1111— Large nicely furnished parlors; j
gas. '_ ,
NATOMA, MCM Sunny front room, furnished;
' rent $4 per month. I
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large ;
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up: also hskpg.
NINTH CG— For rent, newly furnished back
I parlor. light and airy, running water. $9 per
month: also single room, $6 per month.
OAK. 336—1 furnished and S large unfurnished ;
room*: v»nr convenient.. I . . . , . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23, 1899.
ROOMS TO — Kuril, and t'ntarn.
O"FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
' offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
OFARRELIi, 2*)S — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day, week or month.
POWELL, 612 A — Large sunny front rooms: new
i flat, newly furnished: suitable for gentlemen.
I ROYAL House, 125 this St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
| ladies" parlor: rooms, per nicht. Sic to II 50;
' week, $2 to SS: month, S3 to $33; elevator oa
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j' SIXTH, 33, nr. Market, Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
■ SIXTH. 423— Large sunny front and back rooms
I with or without housekeeping.
j THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
I for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
I THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th — Sunny corner
| rms., suites and single; gas; bath: new manft.
I THIRD. 106 H. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
tunny rooms. $1 25 to SI
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY desires single furnished room, private
family. Box 5263, Call office.
j SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
' |2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
1 ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented; re-
palring at lowest rates JOS Fourth st-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given to th? stockholders
1 of The Bank of California that the Transfer
Books will be closed from SATURDAY. Au-
gust 26. to FRIDAY. September 1, 1599. both
dates inclusive, on account of the special
i meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board of
Directors. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ROOMS papered from $3: wnitened. $1 up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co.. Sl9 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 416 Montgomery st rnom< 3-10: tel. 5620.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
123 Mission; cords guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
■ ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
r>j- XJ^^-^ l _-,^_p-^^j^ l _^^^, n_-,.-,_-^_o_ -, -, - ~ - _-„-,_- ■,-,-.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
■ of 7. ? and 9 rooms and bath each: flrstclass
I neighborhood; near "school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to. $4000; only
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
. In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 5Cx150; $200 cash and $10 per month;
1 fine, nearly' new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500 — Lot 35x115. with elegant residence of 8
rooms: in fine condition; macadamized street:
i near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500: any terms: same as rent.
— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6-room
, cottage; near High School and station; $500 cash
and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125: cottage of 5 rooms: street
■ work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x10*: with a fine modern cot-
j tage of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden: street
; work all done; near station and school; $100
cash, balance $20 per month.
$2550 — $50u cash, balance $25 per month: lot
' \.~ with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3150— fiOH cash. $25 per month: less than
rent lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story, J rooms
and bath, on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
I tion: best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
! dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park* st . Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply ISIS Mozart
: St.. Mastlck station.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladles In delicate health: lar*9
grounds: private. MRS. DR. KIIXKE. Nl6 kB
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i FOR SALE, right In the heart of town,
M ACRES.
; Within 10 minutes o< university grounds; 3
; minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
ply to
J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN I MINUTES EROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS ISO FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property In Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berstetey Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL —jTATE.
' LARGE level lots, $4.00: only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas, fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line: ha If -hourly trains to city; ac
fare: glorious climate: build a home to suit
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Fruitvale Bta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
■
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$IC.OCO— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUR..ITURE FOR S.tLE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. IKh and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
• DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 96~~( fifty
cents t>er share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after Fri-
day, Beotember 1. 1599. TransYer books will
close on Saturday, August 26. ISS3, at 12
i o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
' LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE, ' JAMES O r BRIEN' and MARIA~~aT
O'BRIEN, hereby certify: That we have this
day formed a co-partnership for the transac-
tion of a general dry goods business in the
I State of California. That the principal place
! of business of said co-partnership Is and
shall be situated in th" city and county of.
San Francisco. State of California. That the
full names of all of the members of such- co-
partnership and their places of residence are
as follows:
JAMES O'BRIEN, residing In th» city and
county of San Francisco, State of California, '
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, residing In said
city and county of San Francisco, State of ]
California.
Dated August 11. UM.
JAMES O'BRIEN.
MARIA A.. O'BRIEN. '
State of California. City and County of San
Francisco — ss.
On this llth day of August, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
nine, before me. JOHN P. CASHIN, a Notary
Public in and for the said city and county,
residing therein, duly commissioned arid
sworn, personally appeared JAMES O'BRIEN
and MARIA A O'BRIEN, known to me to i
be the person? whose names are subscribed
to the within instrument, and acknowledged
that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office i
In the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year in this certificate first above
written. " [Seal] JOHN P. CASHIN. j
Notary Public, in and fT the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JOHN J.
RIORDAN, deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned. EUGENE G. RIORDAN. ;
as the administrator of the estate of JOHN ;
J. RIORDAN. deceased, to the creditors of j
and all persons having claims against the ;
said deceased, to exhibit them with the ne- !
cessary vouchers, within four months after
the first publication of this notice, to the
said administrator at the office of his attor- i
ney. TIMOTHY J. LYONS, rooms 11 and 12. |
Chronicle building. NE. corner Market and i
Kearsy streets, San Francisco, the same be- I
ing his place for the transaction 1 of the busi-
■ess of the said estate.
EUGENE O. RIORDAN. as administrator
of the estate of JOHN J. RIORDAN, de- i
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco. August 9, 1809.
TIMOTHY J. LYONS. Chronicle building, ;
attorney for administrator.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
'Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND LMBALMER3L
20 Fifth it* opposite Lincoln -icii-oJ.
Telephone South to. j
I mcM\/O"Y' «fc CO.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
| 1236 Market ft., between CO., 9th.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A- EMBaLMERS.
124 c Market Ft., between Bth and 9th.
347.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
' Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Richard D. Earle and Mary E. Parker.... 32-23
John H. Bellmer and Alvina Bahr 2S-2Q
S P Christensen and Karen K. Andersen.3o-24
Owen Egan and Hannah Taylor 42-30
; Dominic G. CerelH and Olga C. Slevers.... 22-19
; Guy HcMurty and Agues M. Hennessy.... 3o-23
Hush Center and Mary L. Stuart 45-22
Jose V. Azevedo and Barba A. de b11va... 23-23
Joseph G. Harvey. and Map- A. Leahy 22 ---2
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
| in at either of the publication offices and be
' Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RILEY- In this city. August 13, 1889, to the
wife cf Bernard Riley, a daughter.
WINTERS— In this city, August 17, 1599, to the
wtfe of John Winters, a son.
MARRIED.
ABRAHAM-ATTELL-In this city. August 89,
159? by the Re*: M. S. Levy. Nathan Abra-
i ham and Rose Attell. both of Sin Pranetsco.
ABRAHAMS— PARKER— this city. August
1, 1889 by the Rev. Dr. J. Xietp, Joseph
Abrahams and Mabel Parker.
ARON— FRANKLIN— this city. August 17.
IS9? by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Jules Aron and
Sydnie Franklin.
DAVIS— ETTLIXG— In this city. August 6, 1599,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Ralph Davis and
Hay Ettling-, both of San Francisco.
FLATOW— KOSMINSKY— this city. August
15. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Israel Fla-
to'w and Fannie Kosminsky.
LEVY— ARMER— In this city. August 2*. IS!**.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Harry M. Levy and
Edna Armer
PHILLIPS— LYONS— In this city, August I<s.
15SS. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam A. Phil-
lips and- Rosebella F. Lyons, both of San
Francisco.
~ DIED. ~
Bacon. Julia A. Jones. M. P.
Basica. Nlcolina Jones. William S.
Borrela, Angelo Kelly. John
Brown Capt. C. M. Krumbeek. Dledrich
Campbell. William H. McCarthy. Bridget
Connolly. William P. McCarthy. John
Doolin. James Philbon, Miles A.
French. Moses B. Sheehan. Mrs. Alice
Galvin. Daniel Splain, John W.
Goldberg. William Swift. Mrs. Frances
Green. Edmond Toohig. John
Haskins. Bridget M. Van der White. Ger-
Healey. Theresa- trade M.
Hitchcock. Martha T.
BACON— Oakland. August 22, 1899, Julia
•Vnne widow of the late H. D. Bacon, and
beloved motber of Frank P. and Carrie J.
Bacon and Ella Bacon-Soule, a native of St.
Louis, aged 74 years. (St. Louis papers
please copy.)
KTNotice of funeral hereafter.
' BASICA— this city. August 22. 1889, Nlco-
lina, beloved wife of George Basic*, mother
of Georce Basica. and cousin of Nick Bersen,
a native of Austria, aged 47 years 2 months
and 2S days.
BORRELA— In San Rafael. August 11. 1889,
Angelo, beloved husband of Louisa Borrela.
and father of Louisa, Angelina and Walter
Borrela. a native of Switzerland, aged 6S
years and 4 months.
E3-Friend.< ar.'i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at ! o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. God'eau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Druids' Hall. *18 Sutter street, where
services will be held, under the auspices of
Perseverance Grove No. 10, I". A. O. D. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BROWN— IB this City, August 21. 1899, Captain
C M. Brown, beloved husband of <" B.
Brown, and father of Mrs. M. L. Ballentlne,
a native of Ohio, «ed 64 years and 6 months.
i C 7" Friends an.; acquaintances are respect-
I fully invite', to attend the funeral this day
t (Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
i dence. 2SO€U Howard street. Interment pri-
v ate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
' CAMPBELL— this city. August 22. 1899, Wil-
liam H. Campbell, dearly beloved son of
Mrs Rose Kelley. and brother of Annie.
Frank and John K-liey. a native of Phila-
delphia. Pa., aged 34 years.
CiTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th«» funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and. 29 Fifth
street, thence to St Joseph's Church, Tenth
a". 1 Howard streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 o'clock. Interment. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, Angus* 21. 1599. Wil-
liam Patrick, beloved son of James J. and
Mary Connolly, a native of San Francisco,
i aged 7 months and 7 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
! of the parents, 2703 Marlposa. street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOOLIX— In this city. August 21. 1559. James,
beloved husband Of the late Isabella Doolin,
and father it Edward. William and Bella
i-'.ir. and Mrs. J. D. Little, a native of
Ireland, aged 63 years.
(TTFrionds and acquaintances and members
of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W.. are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue, thence to 81 Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rerose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
HARMONY Lodge No. 9, A O. U. W.— Offi-
cers and members are requested to assemble
this day (Wednesday), at 8:80 o'clock, nt 41
Van Xe?s avenue, to Day the last tribute of
respect to our deceased brother. James Do -
I Un M CLEAR*. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
FRENCH— In this city, August 22, 1899 Moses
B. French, a native of New Hampshire, aged
: 62 years.
I GALVIN— this city. August 21. lHf«9. Daniel.
' beloved son of the late Jeremiah and Brid-
get Galvin. and brother of James and Mar-
| garet Galvin, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 year*.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of McOlnn Bros.. 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GOLDBERG— In this city. August 22. 1*99.
William Goldberg, beloved father of Mrs.
Charles Goldstein of Juneau and Lester Gold-
berg, a native of Gollub. West Prussia, aged
56 years 9 months and 27 days.
GREEN— this city, August 21. 1889, Edmond.
beloved husband of Anna Maria Green, and
father of E. F. Green and Mrs. E. M. Perln*.
■ native of Pennsylvania, aged 76 years 10
months and 22 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2115 Baker street. Interment private.
HASKINS — A month's mind requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of th« soul
of the late Bridget M. Haskins to-morrow
♦Thursday), in St. Peter's Church, corner
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, com-
mencing, at 9 o'clock. * Friends are invited to
attend.
HEALEY— In this city. August 22. 1599. The-
• resa beloved wife of the late Thomas He&ley.
and mother of Thomas E. Henley, a native
of Germany, aged 60 years.
HITCHCOCK— In this city. August 22, 1K99.
Martha Toleaf-r--- Hitchcock, widow of the
late Dr. C. M. Hitchcock, a native of Georgia,
aged -! years 9 months and 3 days.
E7Notloe of funeral hereafter.
JONES— In this city. August 22. 1881, M. P.,
dearly beloved husband of Flora D. Jones,
and father of Webster Jones. Mrs. H. M A.
Miller and Milton Jones, aged 69 years and 4
months. >
Notice of funeral hereafter.
JONES— In San Mate^. Cal., August 21. I*9B,
William Saunders Jones, beloved brother of
Arthur S. Jones, and nephew of W. A Jones,
a native of Swansea, Wales, aged 30 years and
S months.
ET Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day 'Wednes-
day), ot 12:30 o'clock, at St. Peter's Episco-
pal Church, corner Stockton and Filbert
streets thence to Masonic Temple, where
services 'will be held, under the auspices of
Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M.. at 1:30
o clock.
KELLY— In this city. August 22. ISM. John,
dearly beloved husband of the late Mary
Kelly, father of Mary and Kate Kelly, and j
brother-in-law of Delia and Patrick Smith, j
a native of the carish of Ballymaewnrd,
County Galway. Ireland, aged SO years 4 ,
months and 22 days.
KRUMDECK— In this city, August 20. 1539, j
Diedr'.ch. beloved husband of the late Anna
Krumbeek, and father of Mrs G. W. Love
and Henry, and Lena Krumbcck. a native of
Bederkcsa. Germany, aged 65 years i month
and 20 days. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers please ]
C*Frlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral this .lay
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3S7H Twelfth street, between Fol-
som and Harrison. Interment I. o. O. F. !
Cemetery.
McCARTHY-In this city. August 21, ISS9. .
Bridget, beloved wife of the late Thomas Mc- '
Carthy and mother of Nellie. Annie and I
Thomas McCarthy, a native of Boston. Mass.
aged »2 years »5 months and 6 days. (Boston
papers please copy.) «
ryFrlenda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:81 o'clock, from her late
residence. 407H Harrison street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem !
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of :
her soul, commencing at 9 o clock. Inter- !
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCARTHY-In West Berkeley. August 22. I
1<!99 John McCarthy. Moved brother of Mrs.
M. Donohue, and uncle of John and Nelile
Donohue, a native of the parish of Roscar-
berry. County Cork. Ireland, aged 84 years.
PHILBOX— A month's mind requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of I
the late Miles A Philbon In Sacred Heart :
Church, corner Fell and Flllmore streets, !
to-morrow Thursday}, at 9 o'clock. Friends i
: are Invited.
: SHEEHAX— In this city. August 21. 1899. Mrs.
■ AHc« M. Sheehan. befoved wife of J. J. Shee-
han. and sister of Mrs. Thomas Myers, a na-
-1 tive of Carthage. X, V.. aged 31 years 5
l months ami 5 day*.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from her
[ late residence, 71.. Elizabeth place, off FoJsom
; street, at S:3O o'clock, thence to St. Patrick's
! Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
j be celebrated at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. .
, SPLAIN-In this city. August 22. 1599. John
William, beloved son of John F. and Nellie
| Splain. brother of Daniel. Nellie and the late
; Catherine Snlain. and grandson of Thoma3
J. Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged a
years 1 month and 9 days.
i SWIFT— In San Bernardino, Mrs. Frances
% Swift, beloved sister of Mrs. James Cunning-
ham, Mrs. J. Winth-or. Mrs. F. Wood and
Miss Elizabeth Sexton, a native of New York.
aged 25 years.
TOOHIG— In this city, at the Potrero, August
; 21. 1533. John, beloved husband of Kate Too-
hig-, father of Frank Toohlg. and brother of
Dennis Toohig, a native of Ireland, aged 4S
> year?.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
I dence, 1139 Tennessee street, Potrero. thence
: to St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem high
. mass will be celebrated for the re-pose of hia
| soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
; Cemetery.
! VAN DER WHITE— In this city, August 22.
i IS9P, Gertrude Mary, dearly beloved daughter
! of Alfred J. and Annie Van der White, a na-
■ tlve of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 1&
' days.
A CARD OF THANKS.
Mr. and Mrs. Faber thank all their friends
for kindnesses rendered during their beloved
daughter's illness, and also for the many ex-
pressions of sympathy and beautiful floral
| offerings. MR. AND MRS. H. FABER.
San Francisco, August 23. IS9?.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
Steamer Movements.
■* , . ; -•
. TO ARRIVE. '
TO SAIL.
f
Shipping Intelligence.
t> ■♦
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, August 22.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr A!ex Duncan. Buchßrd, 17 hours from
Moss Lending-.
Stmr Bonita. Xlcolson, It hours from New
port (SI, etc.
Hr stmr Doric, Smith. 27 days 13 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 5\ hours,
via Honolulu s'-4 hours.
Brig Galilee, Dlnsmore, 3* days from Tahiti.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, IS hours from Flsks
Mill
Schr Gem, Nelson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
Bchr Nettie Sundborg. Nelson. 24 hours from
Albion.
j;,-hr Occidental, Brandt, 32 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. August 22.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins * Co.
Stmr Corona, Goodall, San Diego: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Kenilworth. Taylor. Queenstown; G W
M Near.
Haw bark Diamond Head, Ward, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 22.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, .
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ship Kenllworth, Taylor. Queenstown.
Br ship Centesima. Webster. Liverpool.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Blhlers Point.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
S.-hr Archie and Fontie. Johannlsson, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 22. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 22— Schr
Metha, Nelson, hence Aug 4: schrs Carrier Dove
and Balvator, from St Michael.
REDONDO^-Arrived Auc 23— Schr Lila and
Mattie. from Cco.uille River.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug 19— Scar Alcalde.
for .
POINT ARENA— Aug 22— Stmr
Whiteboro, hence Aug 21.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Aug 22— Stmr
Alcatraz, for —
COOS BAY— Atig 21. at 1 p m— Stmr
Em: Ire, for San Francisco; stmr Arcata, for
Pan Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug 22— Nor stmr Thyra,
for Hongkong; stmr Ruth, for .
VENTURA— SaIted Aug 22— Schr Fannie Du
tard. for Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Czarina,
hence Aug IS; stmr Humboldt. from Dyea.
Sailed Aug 22— Ship C F Sargent, for San
Francisco: stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
TACO.MA— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Metha Nel
son, hence Aug 4.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug — Ship Tacoma,
hence July 27. Aug 10— V S army transport In
diana, hence Auk 1. Aug 11— Stmr City of Pe
king, hen Atigf 5- Aug 13— Bark Empire, from
Newcastle. Aus. Aue 14— Stmr Elihu Thom
son, from Seattle; ship Dashing Wave, from
Tacoma; schr Robert R Hind, from Port Lud
low; Br stmr Doric. from Yokohama.
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr City of Columbia, for
HongkoDK. Aug 11— Stmr Indiana, for Manila.
Aug- 14— Schr Mary E Foster, for San Francisco.
To sail Aug 16-Shlp Tacoma. for Majilla.
HANA— Aug 9— Schr Eva, hence Au
gust 23.
KAHULUl— Arrived Aus Brig Lurllne.
hence July 19; *chr Eliza Miller, hence July M
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 2?— V S strar Bos
ton for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
MAHUKONA— SaiIed Aug 7--Erig Consuelo,
for San Francisco.
HOXOlPU— Arrived Au? 9— Schr Charles R
Wilson, from Grays Harbor.
MELBOURXE— Arrived prk>r Aug 22— ship
British General, from Chemalnus.
MANlLA— Arrived Aug 21— Br stmr Tartar.
hence July 24; Hr stmr Wyefield. hence July 3.
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 19— ship Wallace
town, from Portland.
CARDlFF— Arrived Aug 19— Br ship Eaton
Hall, from Portland.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Aug 22— Br stmr Coptic,
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Aug 20— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Aug Stmr City of
Panama, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Sailed An? 11— Bark Edward May. for
Sen Francisco. , •
To sail Aug 14— Haw bark Roderick Dhu. for
San Francisco. Aug 17— Haw bark Santiago,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Aug 21-Br ship Plsel-
NGHAI-Sailed Auc 21— ship Queen
Victoria, for Astoria. -
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Aug 11-Br bark In
verness-shlre. from Tacoma.
TRAXSATLAXTIC STEAMERS
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Brazllla,
from New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 22— Stmr Anchroia,
from New York, for Glasgow
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 12- Stmr <"alif--r
--nla. from Naples.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS^
"fob TuTsThavy^yarFiTw vallejo.
Stejmar "Montlcelto."
MON.. Tue».. Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m.. *:15. 8:30 p. m. <ex Thars. ntsht). Frl-
«ay», 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p m. Landin* and office. Sflj*lon-str«et Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1598.
FARE 30c
OCEAN TBAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
|ay Steamers leave Broadway
lfifl*"Bj^_ wharf, San Francisco.
Or Alaskan pert?, 10 a. m ,
WjnlS^Tfc August 13. U. P. s•ptem^e^ 3.
i§viS3*§Jii cl "a"?e a; Seattle.
Bj^*is*^Jttl For Virtoria. Vancouver (B.
Sj@Ec*^^li C.). P^rt Townser.d. Seattle.
I ~^t£&3K Taccrr.a. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatccrh (Wash.>.
10 a. m. August It, 24, 23. :
I September 3. and every fifth day thereafter:
char.peat Seattle to this company's steamers for
I Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
! at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Cay"), 2 p. m.. Au;':-'
i 17. !?. "7. September 1, and every firth da-
-1 thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. Baa Slm^or
; Cayueoa, Port Harford (San Lets ObtspoV
j Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Husnem*.
! Pan Pedro. East San Pedro fLoi Ane?!es) and
1 Newport. 9 a. rr... Aus^ust 20. 24. tB. September
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Ha---
I ford (San Luis Oblspo).* Santa Barbara, Port
' lx>s Ar.geles and Redood (L.^s Anjreles).. 11 a
; m.. August IS. 22. 2 ; . 30, September S. end every ■
1 fourth day thereafter.
J For Ensenada. Masrdal»na Bay. San Jose dpi
Cabo. Mazatlan. A!tata. La Par. Santa Rosalia !
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each !
mrr.th.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chamrp
■without pre* m notice steamers, sailing- dates ■
I anil hmr> of t»:ilne.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery •
( street 1 Palace Hotel).
■ GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agfa..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & H. CO.
II DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Bert*
IHIIL S8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails j
Aug. 2«. Sept. -. I
COLUMBIA sails Au?. 21. 31 Bepl. 10 j
: Short Hr.c to Walla Walla, ?pokan». Bt:tte.
Helena and all Dointa In the Northwest. I
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A<;ent.
633 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4. CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOCTHAMPTCM. LOKDON. PARI3.
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
: New York August 231 New York Sept. 1.1
1 St. Louis Aajrnat 3' 1 St. Louis Sept 20 ;
St. Paul.. September 6 St. Paul... September 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wedne»dar. It noon.
Moorland Auir. 23' Westeraland ...Sept. 13 '
: Friesland Ausr. ?■■• Kensington ....Sept. 20
Southwark Sept. fi.Nordland Sept. 27
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Damson Clry.
; For Full Information rcsardfßg freight an-1
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY. •
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEnYaISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR- :
ncr First and Brannan street. 1 p. m for I
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at I
1 Kobe iHiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai adi '
; connecting at Honskong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . ' J
AMERICA MART- Friday. October 5 ;
HONGKONG MARL" Thur 6 da\-. August 17 !
; NIPPON MARU Tuesday. S-ptemb-r 1'
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates 'For '
, freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market St.. cor. First. ' " '
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
®BQ£Bjp|Aßjloi The S. S. Honolulu \
rJSi "■ % Wednesday. August 21. t
B —^_ at 2p. ra.
Oj> — I • > S. S. Alameda sails \
SfrymSliin-J vi Honolulu and j
C;lallllJllly Auckland for Sydney
(Omr)il[?lK' September !
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii. I
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
i. 0. SP«£CKELS & BROs. CO.. Agts.. !I4 Mcntgomer; !
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St |
I
COMPAGHIS QSNERAL£ TKAH3ATLANTIQUK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ►£#£s«-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <TTjti !>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -~* u>^«> ;
Morton ft. LA MORMANDIE. August 26; LA ;
TOURAINE. Sept. 2: LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept. ■
9: LA GASCOG.VE. Sept. IS: LA BRETAGNE. j
Sept. "3. First-class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
i ond class to Havre. *45. 10 per cent reduction
|on round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad- !
way (Hudson buildlne). New York. J. F. FU- •
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Ag<-nU. 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East !
I
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE !
V FAMOUS '
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL, j
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Centra!.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE.
A. G. P. A., KG. ° A..
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J, LYNCH,
Genera! Passenger aid Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
IHL MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE •
| MARKET-STREET FEItRT AT 5:30 P. M.
I DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR
I FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN"
1 EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT ;
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S i
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN IBL
OAKLAND OFFICE. UIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. Ml 3 Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 V,". Santa Clara Street.
Solly Gal, $1.00 ner S
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOVTIIKRST r*«l*lt tOMPAKT. .
(pacific srtrru'.)
Train* irnrr nntl m-«- «Uio t«» »rrl»e »•
KAS PBASCISW.
(Main Line, Foot of ilarkct Street)
lsate — From ArocsTi; 13^. — akmti
T:OO\ Benlcia, Sulsun .-.ua Sscracr.nto — 3: 13p
T:OOa llarTSTillo, < >ro7;:ioui:a Redding via
WooClanJ 2 s •*'
T:»O.v Ehr.ira. Vocavil'e aail Rurcsey ..... S:aop
3:30 a sl2rtiuc:.Sani;.i.i^on,\£llejo.
Calhtoga aaJ Santa Kcsa 2 : L' F
. 8j«Oa AUmtio Exproß. O«Jen and lj>at.. >:»»
*•:»«* Bu Jos-.*. Uvcxmorc, .StoctUm,
lone, .Sacra::: - 1. 1... Placeirlflc.
?.X;fr3v!l)^. (Tnico, r. ■ '. Blwfl 4jl»f
BtSOA "Milton, OakiUlu ami focora J:l3p
B:at)A Yosoaite Valicy via Oakdalo and
Chicesa ,i : l- r
1>:OOa Harw^rOa, Kilca Utl Way Stations. 11:43 a.
•:CO.v Martinez, Tracy. Latiircp, St«kton.
M-.TC-«Utidrre»no 12t13r
»:(IIPj Fiesn«. MakNBCcKl Smta Itarlmra,
Lea Angeles, Demicg. LI I'luto,
New Orleans and East 6:43
1O:OOa VatleJOi Jlartlnez and Way Stations 7:l-»p
1I:OO A Haywarijn, NUes and Way Stations. 2:13f
l2:00]f Kiies. Ll»cri'jore. Btofffc ton, tjta^r
mecto. Mendota, Banted, Visalia,
Pcrtcirl!!e 4ill»*
•l:OOp Sacramento Kirn Steamers "S:O()p
3:00p HajTi»nl3. NUct and Way 3tai!cns. 0:43p
4tOOt> Mertinex, Hsu lUmon. Vallojn,
Na;>o. C»lf*»og». Sauti Hoea B»18*
4:«0p Benlcla, VacaTiitr, fjacrameiito,
V land, Knipbts Lan'linir,
M»ris»illc, Oro»l!l • lO:-!**
4:B*»p Nilea. Baa Jcweaud Stockton 7:15p
•a:3Oi' Yosemite fjllMJftliJ Car for Gajmond 13:13r
B'OOpThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Balccrs-
; Celd. Baueuj tor Santa Barbara,
Los Angrles. 0:45*.
. S:!JOf StncktCD. Merced, Fresno 12:13p
5:3«r Msr!i::fz. T r. -j, MeuUcta. Fresno,
HcdftTew I \<i» Ansefaa Bi4Sa
S:3op Santa to Uonta, Atlantic Lipresa
for Mojare ami Kask 6:43p
•:O«r Chicaeo-tiauFraneu<x>3peeUl.ogdeu
and i:aa'. SiSOp
8:OO» HayiTanla, N:ie« and Jose 7:4.1 a,
•6:«0p Valiejo I2:l»p
17t00p VaU^o. Pert Cost* and War Sta-
tion*. J»:33p
B:*3r Oivsou i;»».r.'i»,M»rru?ritut.i, Maija
rillc. Kathlinc. Portland, I'ligot
Suumlnii.ll.aflt 8:154
COAST DIVISION iN:irro.» (iauge).
■ (Foot o( Market Street.) ;
J7»-5Sa Santa Cruz Ez<H'.rsiaa (or Santa
Crui and Principal XVcy Station* :**:O3»
Sjl3AjJewark.Ocutemlle.Ss.nJose.Fe!U>n.
Boulder Ore oXSantaCruz and Way
Btatioos »»30p
*ail3p Newark. C'e^v rviili-. San Joae, Bar
AlmaOen. FeJton. Boaktar Crcet,
Santa Cruz aad l'riiciiial Way
S^itiocs •1»:30a
4:lSp£aa Joao. lileavood and Way S£a-
Uou». »:*•*,
»4i 1 Priton. Santa Crnz and Way Sta-
tiona /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
freaSiS faiJClStO— Fast «f a»ri«i Strwi (S!i? B>—
•7:16 9:00 11.-00.1.31. ]I:CS •2:M t3:ofl
•443 tii:oo # 5:00h.m.
FnaWlUiD— ro*l ol 3rcai»»-.— -f,;00 8.00 10:004.11.
t!2-S3 -i:: t~:wO ; 3:c: ti:a •:.::?. m.
COAST I>I VISION 1 Broad Osmre).
(Third .md To"i-3«!n.i St?.)
««:l«\ Ocean \ lew, BvtlUl aau Kratci.- .0 . . *o:3«>p
"^:OOa.^.;i Jose an.J Way Station* (Hew
AluiaJv'ii TTuiTnaiiTiißoiilj] »BjOO*
1T:8«a Sunday Exclusion for Santa Cruz,
PaciSc Groro b=-1 Principal Way
Stations JBj33p
9:O0* H*m Jo»e. Ifas rtnaa. K..i.ta Crnz. .
Pacitic OroTe. l"asn ItuUt-s, baa
l.iiu Oiitsro. Surf. Lompoc au«l
PriiiciinU Way SliUious 4:10p
|V:4OA Sau.l 03« mill Way SUiii>« 6:3.1&
I1:UO« San J>«o ami Way Stations ]:3Or
•»:43r San Ma".!-.., Uedvood. M?nlo Park.
Fata Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
lloUister. Santa « riuL \ Silica*.
Monterey ami racido GroTe *IO:3«»A
•*«3»r San J<M?. Sacta Cruz. Pacific Gtotb
ami Princ-Tial Wny Stalioita «7:30p
•4:1 3p San Joj« ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•s:'J«pSan Jose and Principal Way Stations *' :3"» v
5::;0r Saii.ln3smii'<Princi|>al Way Blasious '9:00 a
«:.:♦)!■ Eaa Jossautl Wujrjtillnm 5:30p
t11:43p ga» Ja --.I ■! Way Stations :~:SO?
A for Morning. 1* foe AftemiXKi.
• PnnrLiy e\c«pteil. t Sumlay cd!j. t Satunlay only.
hSaturdsy and Sunday /Sunday and Mo; .'*t
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TJburoa Fsrry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN" RAFAEL.
WEEK. . DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11: a. m. ; 12:13,
3:30, 5:10, 1:31 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
84 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i<)
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:30, 11:00 a, m. ; I JO. 3.30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7iO. «.2i>. 11:10 a. m- 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday.--- trips at
I'M and 6:£S p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 3:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 5:06.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuutzen Pars:
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Sap. Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. — April 16, , .
Week Sun- ls3L>. 1 Sun- ] V.'eek
Dais. ; days. . Destination. ; days. | Daj-s.
I.i ■ am' S:W am; Novato, 10:40 am, S: J .i) am
3:Si> pm _ 9:20 am Petajttma, 16:13 pm-10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa K-vsa. ",.„..
Fulton,
7:30 am "Windsor. 10:25 asa
Healdi-burg,
Lytton,
Gev-ervilie.
3:30 pm S:00 am Gloverdaie, ! 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am i Hopiond and I j 10:23 an*
S:SO pm 8:00 am; L'kiah. | 7:35 pmj 8:M pm
7:30 am; 110:25 a_T»
I 8:00 am; Guerneville. : 7:35 pmi
2:30 pm| | j 6:20 pin
7:30 amf S:00 an' Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
and j I
5:10 pm. s:€o pm! G!en Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am, 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am li):& am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmi . 7:35 pmj 6:20 pni
Stages connect at Sar.ta Rosa for Mark V.v?;
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservillp for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan ?prir.£:s. Highland Spring.
Kelseyvil'.e. Carlpbad Springs. Sorta Bay. Lake-
port and Bart'.ett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichr
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. hr! Day's. Riversi'i» ; Lierley's,
BuckneH's, Sanhottrln HeiKbts, HullvlUe.
Bocneville. Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.,
Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr*s Hot Pprine3, Mendncino City, Fort Bra??.
Wr^tport. Usal. WUlltts, Laytonville, Cum-
mine's. Bel!'<! brings, Harris. Oisen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. SO Market it.. Chronic!- bid?.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Comet April 23, IS3&
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS 7:< 0. *S:C».', 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20. 4:CO. *G:V\ 6:JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. *9:00, ' •10:00, |i 11:00, 11:30
a. ra.: 1:00, *1:45, '2:30. H:CO. 3:30. 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
S:JO p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to Pan Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL -TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 5:25. *6:40. 7:55. S:4O, '10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:13: *3MO, 4:33. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:11 and 10:1 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:on. 'S:00. •9:4.. '10:45. '11:!3
a. m. : 1:00, 2:20, *3:&\ *5:13. *6:00, 7:00, 10:13
P. m.
Trains marked f) run to Fan Q:;.--ntin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN FRANCIS
WEEK DAYS — 5:15. 6:^o, 7:55, 5:53, 10:35
a. m. : 12:SS. 2:4". 4:55. s:?i p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:<"0. l«:C0, 11:10 a. m.; 12.-05,
1-S) 2-40 3:5>: . r i:3o. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:00 a. m. wei days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Satnrdav«— Cazsdero and way ■mm
5:15 p. m. wpplc days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. in Sundays— Pt. P.--yes and way sta'ns-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQDUI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, IS3O. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed: Mixed. | Passea-
rer. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd j Kxc'ptdl Daily.
7-20 am 10 JO am Stockton I 3:4-> pml 6:00 pm,
9-10 am ! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno S:3O am 2:42 pm
11:.T5 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:4» pro
225 pm l?: 30 ■m Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11-59 ami 6:2^ pm Vtsalla «:40 am; 1:22 pm
12:13 pm 't:3 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
~ Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMAL.PAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sauaalito Ferry.-
Commencing SUNDAY. April 22, ISS'J.
WEEK DAYS. 'J:Z9 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wedr.?sday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m.. Returning Sams' Even-
ing, _ arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. •
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit anil Return. $1 40.
TKOS COOK" & SON*. Ast« 621 Market •*.
1112
DEMOCRATS ASSEMBLE
IN LOCAL CONVENTION
Gavin McNab's Programme Is
Accepted by Delegates.
Jasper McDonald, Chairman, Is Clothed
With Authority to Appoint Forty Mem
bers of the County Committee.
DF.T.EGATES to the local convent
ion of the Democratic party,
chosen at the primary election
August S, assembled for their first
it Native Sons' Hall last
right nnd made a creditable display.
M< nihers congratulated each other on the
c of the convention, and several
!\}\u< • made to the fact that Re
publicans took part in the election of the
Tl S.
-ramme prepared in advance by
Gavin McNab was carried out to the let
ter. There was a show of resistance to
the plan of selecting the County Com
mittee, which gave to the chairman of
■ Qtlon authority to appoint forty
, rge to reinforce four from each dls
ected by the respective district
nations. No doubt Mr. McNab and
r McDonald will find forty men to
serve on the committee who cannot be
used by the Rainey-Examiner combine.
The district delegations named their eev
enty-two county committeemen last
night, and tiie forty required to make up
the whole number— U2— will be named
when McNab ami .McDonald get ready.
was .. protest against the pro
me method of candidates
,i.> Bourd of Supervisors. The pro
ime provided that tb»- recommenda
ttons should be made by a committee of
seven, appointed by the chair. Efforts
were made to inert ase the number, but
; could not rally
to break the slate.
Chairman McDonald will take some time
. si ecting in. D to emprise the
ttee of seven. !!•> will have a long
acs from whli b he may choosa
the required number. During a short re
night more than a dozen
. a desire io serve vii Uiat
. omm
The gallery was not crowded with spec
tators, an.l there was no crush ut visitors
in the lobby of the main floor, ABpiranrs
were visible on all sides, but
were nut demonstrative. Some loud talk
ing In angTy t< tention
mention to the Forty-third Dis
■ - delegation, it appeared that Mr.
McCarthy and Mr. Fagan entertained dif
- to the merits of men
i 'ommltti c. The
disputi became so Bpirited that the con
on deemed it prudent tb elect a
t-arms. B ■ ntion
adjourned harmony waa repl
i ommit •• - ■ ■ - •
-. etc, which the convention aii
ilrman to appoint, win be
named ai tlons have been re
d from ' : i-> In McNab. The deli c
will I ■ Lin at the p
ilrman. Mr. McNab will
dignify the day ana hour of the chair
i
It was a full hour after the time c I
the .n. eting 'wl el< gates found
theli - ' ier McDonald rapped
?sembly Into a silence.
I bj Temporary See-
T. .1. Walsh, and then McDonald
■ . ■■ • . order for the
ent offic< rs of the convention.
I>r. Beverly Cole with his usual soft
■ led up t ■
:
manent chairman. What the eloquent
■ particularly was a
who was "fair, square, honest and
who would besi represent the fine body
of men present." The convention was
na< opinion i I merits and
qualil ■ . Mcl >onald, and
is unanimously elected to the chair.
next business was the election of a
tary. Mr. Bchweigert, of
much pyri I itorical Came, i amed
Tom Hickey, to whom he referred as the
- "south of the slot ,"
md bulwark of municipal
Democracy. Hickey was as popular with
Donald himself, and
• ■ iryship went to him without .1
-
The first business to be transacted after
Ization came before the convention
• ' M , <". Hassett for the chair
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purified Beautified
liy
When all else fails. It
strikes at the CAUSE of
bad complexions, falling
hair, and baby blem-
ishes, viz.: The clogged,
irritated, and inflamed
condition of the PORES. j
t
WOMEN csfc appreciate Coticura !
i iiuiiiL.it Soap. Its remarkable emol . !
• AN D lient, cleansing, and purify-
MOTHERS ing properties warrant its
use in the form of washes or solutions for i
annoying irritations, inflammations, and
chafnigs, for ulcerativo weaknesses, or !
too free or offensive perspiration, and for
many sanative uses. Gentlo applications
of Citicci'.a, greatest of emollient skin |
cures, in addition, will, in many instan-
•ces, provo of marked benefit.
83~ Sold throughout the -world. Price, Cuti-
CCRA Boap, Me., Ctmcoiu OINTMENT, COC. I
Potter I)hc» and Ciiem. Coup.. Bole- Props., !
Boston. Bend for "Face, Hands, and Hair
Book," mailed free. 1
to appoint a committee on order of busi
• i was readily found and
the motion was unanimously carried.
Andrew Maguire moved the appoint
ment oi a committee of fifteen on plat
form and resolutions, but BertSchlesinger
particularly desired a representative from
cadi district "i! this committee, and ins
amendment to make it eighteen was
carried, one for each district.
The appointment of the committee for
the selection of Supervisors indicated the
warm fight that was t<> follow the ap
pointment of representatives to the
county c.immitu-.'. Thf original mi
w.i^ for the lucky number seven, but a!
batch of amendments followed In quirk
succession, scum- for eighteen members,
and one for as many as thirty-six. The
original number was '. rally s« lected.
Th« i.rlit of the evening which pro
voked tin- true spirit of Democracy and
consumed a full hour of time was
the discussion of appointment of repre
• itlves to the county committ*-. .
P. H. McCarthy introduced the following
resolution:
R — lved, That the Democratic County Com
ot the Cits and County ot San Frai
shall consist of 112 members four members
forthwith by th<
In this convention from every Assembly
• and the remainder to be appointed at
large by the chairman of this convention. Va
urring in the County Committee
after its selection hall be Blled by the re
maining menil"-rs thereof.
That started the ball rolling. William
E. White objected to this Bystem of ap
portionment and he proposed a represen
tation based upon the primary vote at
the last election. Columns <>f numbers
were presented and the discussion waxed
hot over the distinct claims of each dia
trict for representation. When the con
vention work<d its spirit out on this
amendment P. J. Haggerty felt in duty
bound to suggest another, and h>- was for
the appointment "f five members from
each district and eighteen others to be
selected by the chair. The amendment
to the amendment died a Tii<-k death
when a vote was called, and the amend
ment met the same fate as the first. Mc-
Carthy's original motion was carried.
A recess was suggested by Chairman
McDonald, but before this could !>•■ peai • -
ably allowed the following resolution was
adopted: '
Kesolved, That this Demo<-ratin loral O n
vention appoint a committee Tiii.»i=tlnK
man fr :n each of the eightwn Assembly rllH
tricts to art In conjunction with the Red Cross
and employment committee to a.i<l in securing
employment for the sun Francisco boys, and
also aid In having soldiers from other ritips re
turned to their homes.
The following are tho committee, in the
order of districts, from the Twenty-eighth
to the Forty-fifth:
William A. Pcake, James J. Farrell,
Robert Gough, John F. Rennault, E. J.
Brandon, P. J. Hagerty, A. W. Thompson.
John H. Grady. R. S. Shepston. A. G. Ma
guire, Leo Kaufman, R. V. Whiting, M. < '.
Hassett, Livingston Jenks. Curtis Hillyer,
P. H. McCarthy, G. Cagllerl, T. B. W.
Leland.
A fifteen minutes' recess Rave the chair
men of districts an opportunity to enter
the names of the four appointees to the
County Committee. Everything pro
gressed smoothly upon the reassemblage
of the convention until the Forty-third
District was reached. The Forty-third
had not filed the names of the four com
mitteemen, and when the district was
i called in regular order a war of words
was introduced upon the scene. William
K. McCarthy, chairman of the Forty
' third, arose and attempted to tell the
convention that the delegates had not had
an opportunity to reach an understanding.
! This wa-s martial food for J. J. Fagan of
the Bame district, and he claimed long
and vociferously that an agreement had
been reached. For a time it looked as if |
a fight was about to break out. but Chair- I
man McDonald passed the district after a
motion to Investigate the contention had
been lost.
In the reading of the eommitteem<»n .in
objection was t.ik'-n to the name of
; Thomas O'Neill. This matter as well .'i*
the tangle in the Forty-third waa put
over. All names entered were declared
members of the County Committee, md
it was suggested that the other districts
decide and send in their names. The
Forty-third finally worked its way out of
the tangle and agreed on the four ni"m
bers. The Thirty-fifth fell in line and the
four names originally read were agreed
upon.
The convention then adjourned to be
reconvened at the call of the chair.
The choice of the districts for th«-ir r< p
i reeentatives to the County Committee Is
! as follows:
; Twenty-eighth— J. J. Allen. M. J. Brown
; T. J. deary, Patrick Hayes.
Twenty-ninth— Oeorge Cullen, Thomas
Pempsey, Thomas F. Eagan, James F
Walsh.
Thirtieth— P. J. Tomalty. J. Farrell
Charles McMurray, George W. McL*ligh-
Thlrty-first— Daniel Donovan Thorn is 1
Hickey. < harles J. Gallagher, J F
Renault.
Thirty-second— J. F. Twigg. J. T. Monn.
ghan. Edward Lawton, James T. Moonev
Thirty-third— J. J. Donovan. John Be
han, P. J. Finnigan, James O. Flynn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 23. 1599.
Thirty-fourth— A. B. Maguire. John H.
Hanson. P. H. Flinn. J. K. O'Brien.
Thirty-fifth— Thomas Kerby, Thomas E.
Curran, Joseph B. Vizzard, Thomas
O'Neil.
Thirty-sixth— W. J. Nixon. P. J. Me-
Cormick, Kd Ring, E. J. Coffey.
Thirty-seventh— John Connor. T. J.
Walsh, J. H. Bloom, J. F. Tyler.
Thirty-eighth— W. Green, — Cassassa,
J. Lynch, J. Finn.
Thirty-ninth— R. V. Whitney, Charlas
W. Meehan, James F. Ford, T. J. Fitz
simmons.
Fortieth— Jasper McDonald, S. W. Van
Wyck, Bernard Rienrield. T. P. Riordan.
Forty-first— E. Pohli. Daniel T. Haley,
C. W.Hayden. John N. Much.
Forty-second— George McGillvary. W. S.
Bonta! Curtis Hillyer. J. J. Sullivan.
Forty-third— J. J. Fagan. P. H. McCar
thy. A*. F. Vogelsang. W. Ftnnegan.
Forty-fourth— John Feeny. John O'Con
nell, V. Domartin. William Ortelli.
Forty-fifth— Thomas Murray, George
Pnhlbender, M. J. Herran, T. B. W. Le
land.
REPUBLICAN CAUCUS.
Independents Protest Against
the Action of the Central
League.
A number of Independent delegates to
the Republican municipal convention met
in executive session in Concord Hall, A.
O F. building, 102 O'Farrell street, last
night. The meeting was called to order
by A. Ruef, who represented the dele
gates of the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict who had won out at the late pri
mary against the combined ticket of
Crimmins and Kelly and the Citizens' Re
publican faction.
The object of the meeting was to ex
press indignation and take action on the
result of the caucus held by the citizens'
Republican League at cne Grand Hotel,
where, it is claimed by the independents
who voted with the caucus, that their
vote? were obtained by fraudulent mis
representation of clever politicians, who
t'.ok advantage of the inexperience of the
Independents. The selecting of the Coun
ty 1 "oinmittee by the citizens' League
from the districts where the Independents
have won Is also objected to, as it shuts
them out entirely so far as representation
in the County Committee is concerned.
The meeting last night represented, it is
claimed, eleven Assembly Districts and
was addressed by John F. English, A.
Ruef. F. P. Haynes. M. Cerf, Robert C.
Kelly, E. D. Feusler. A. W. Llechti. .1.
X Newford, A. Lewald, G. .1. Raychester
and others. It was finally decided that a
committee be appointed from each dis
trlct represented as an advisory commit
tee to consider the besi course tn pursue
io act in concert with the other delegates.
The independents claim that they repre
sent enough votes to prevent any faction
from "owning" the convention
The delegates of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District who "walked out" of the
Grand Hotel caucus last Saturday night
reported to their district club at Hart
ford Hall, on Hartford street near Eight
eenth, last night. After hearing their re
pori the district club commended the
action taken by their delegates and
tendered them a vote of confidence. An
Invitation was received from L. 1.. Solo
mon of the citizens' Republican League
by the delegates to return to the fold,
where their opinion would be received.
The meeting adjourned without taking
action on the invitation.
OLD COMMANDER OF THE
COLORADO BOYS HERE
BRIGADIER GENERAL HALE AR
RIVES ON THE DORIC.
Says He Had No Trouble With Otis
and Absolutely Refuses to Criti
cize the Campaign in the
Philippines.
Brigadier Central Irving Hale, formerly
colonel of the Colorado Regiment, is al
the Occidental with his wife. lie arrived
yesterday en the Doric from Yokohama.
Genera] Hale left Manila on July IS on
the transport Warren, which ship con
veyed his okl repiment hark to thin city.
The general left the transport at Naga
saki, and after a few days sight
seeing in Japan took the regular steamer
fur home.
General Hale, who is a graduate from
Vest Point, went to the from as colonel
of the Colorado Repiment. He was pro
moted tc his present rank for dis
tinguished gallantry at the storming: of
Manila. At the time of the Filipino out
break his brigade consisted of the Ne
braska, Colorado and South Dakota repj
mentß. It was in iront of the Nebraska
positi'n that the trouble first, commenced
and from that time until the brigade was
mustered out It was continually at the
front.
Mush ha? been eald of the criticisms
thai are reported to have b.»en passed on
General Otis by General Hair, when seen
yesterday General Male positively repu
diated all such articles and saia thai he
had not made any remarks uncompliment
ary to the commanding: general, nor would
he discuss the conduct of the campaign
in any way whatever.
He fa nol sure how long lie will remain
In this city, hut in all probability he will
not depart until his old regimen) leaves.
General Hale comes out of the war with
a record tlisit is unsurpassed by any com
manding officer in the Philippines.
■ m ■
Reunion of Sons of the Emerald Isle
The Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal
Benevolent Society will give its ninth an
nual reunion and picnic next Sunday at
Shell Mound Park. Athletic games will
b<- a feature at the day's sport. .Mn-;i.
will be furnished by the Home Rule and
the Hibernian bands. For the jig and reel
dancing the music will be played by Tim
McCarthy, the Irish piper, and Professor
MiMahon, the celebrated Irish fiddler
from the C'urragh of Kildare, Ireland.
The committee of arrangements consists
of John Deveny, John P. Daley. Fiernard
Gormon, John Quinlan. Hu-gh Mc-
Glaughan, James McLafferty, Patrick
Hurley. Petf-r Garrey, Hugh O'Farrall,
James McCarthy, John Collins and Ed
ward Cioldlng.
Husbands Deserted Them.
Suits for divorce on the ground of d.c-
MrtlOD have been filed by Alice K. Gavin
aKidnst ISdward M. Gavin, and Catherine
M. ECeatin* against John P. Keating.
Fannie. K. Ott has been granted a divorce
from Frederick W. Ott on the ground of
desertion.
. ♦ .
"Fleur-de-Lis" Linen.
No paper is ever so pleasing as the pure
white linen. Every care is taken in the
manufacture of the "Fleur-de-Lis" to in
sure a perfect writing paper. Cooper &
Co. are the sole agents for this paper and
make it in all the prevailing popular
sizes. •
CRISIS NOW REACHED IN
THE QUARANTINE WAR
This Will Force the State to Appeal to the
Courts for an Amicable Settlement
of the Matter.
THE war between the Federal and
the State quarantine departments
which has been going on for sev
eral months, to the injury of the
city, received a check yesterday
by the dedided action of Customs Sur
veyor Spear, who instructed his in
spectors on board the Doric to prevent
Dr. Carl Cohn, tke State Quarantine Offi
cer, from boarding- the vessel. Mr. Spear
FINIGAN'S FACE
WAS NOT GOOD
FOR HIS BOARD
Asked to Leave the
Hotel Rafael.
Colonel Peter A. Finlgan, the legal pau
per of the Hot< 1 Rafael, Is out 'in the cold
world. He and his three daughters have
been "fired" out of the hostelry because
no more money was forthcoming nnd
General Warfleld cannot run his house on
promises.
Finigan, tip to his involuntary exit on
Monday, held a most peculiar position in
the world of hotel people. He was living
at the swellest place in tin- suburb and at
the same time he managed to prove in
court that he had not a cent. He waa
not ejected from the house, either, or at
least not as early as that, and there was
nothing money could buy that Finigan
denied himself. He came to the hotel
from a cell in prison, which he had been
occupying because he would not pay his
ex- wife the alimony a court had allowed
her.
Finigan's plea in extenuation of his fail
ure to pay the alimony was that he had
not the money; that be was in every
Bense a pauper. The court sized up the
evidences of wealth with which Finigan
was surrounding himself and thought
otherwise, so Finigan was sent to jail
until such time as he was willing to put
up the money allowed his wife. He was
stubborn and remained In jail, and while
he dined upon the fat of the land he still
declared he was penniless and linally he
convince d the court.
He was allowed to leave the jail as a
pauper am! he went from the jail to th"
Hotel Rafael, where he lived for three
years with his daughters. He has paid
money to Genera] warfleld at times, but
in ver very much. — never enough to lay
him liable to the charge >>f pet-Jury for
swearing he was a pauper. His daugh
ters had snni' 1 property in Berkeley ami
this they mortgaged to General Warfleld,
and upon that they lived ai the hotel in
tti.- best of style. ' Hut the value of the
mortgage had been used up. and no other
funds "i- mortgages were forthcoming.
Genera] Warfleld wanted the Finigan bills
kept straight, but Finigan could not put
up any money, for as soon as he did the
the Falsity of his paupers-hip plea would
become evident and the jail would yawn
for him again, and perhaps after all he
would 1m- compelled t<> put up the ali
mony. It was a delicate position for a
sensitive gentleman to be placed in, but
Firigan Stood It as long as he could. In
fact, it was Warfield who made the first
move. Finigan and his daughters made
the second, it was one to Berkeley, Where
Finigan is going t'> try tn live up to his
means again without belying the oath
that let him out of Jail. It is a problem
in finances that might be made profitable
if he can tind some unsuspecting hotel
man to help him work It out.
HARVARD CLUB HONORS
PROFESSOR A. AGASSIZ
WISHES HIM BON VOYAGE AT A
MAGNIFICENT BANQUET.
He Goes to Explore the Depths of the
South Pacific in the Interests of
Scientific Education.
Professor ..gasslz, the distinguished
scientist, was the guest of honor at a
dinner of the Harvard Club of California,
held Monday night in the banquet-room of
Delmonico's. Over sixty members sat
down to an excellent menu that had been
prepared for their entertainment, and not
a thing was lacking either in the compo
sition of the dinner, the service or the
conviviality of the men who ate it. which
would help to make it a perfect success.
When the physical man had been suffi
ciently pacified to listen patiently Presi
dent Sam Biglow arose and in a bright,
well delivered speech Introduced the guest
of the evening to those of the members
to whom he was not already known. Pro
fessor Agassiz in .his reply outlined the
object of his visit to the coast, which is
as follows: He will sail this morning
on the Pish Commission's vessel Alba
tross for an extended tour of the waters
surrounding the islands of the South
Pacific and those washing the coasts of
China and Japan. He will make the
most exhaustive researches of the
ocean's depths where they have not . al
ready been overhauled by the famous
Challenger expedition, which was sent
out some years ago by the English Gov
ernment. Professor Agassiz thinks that,
owing to -he limited facilities enjoyed by
the directors of that expedition, there will
be found by him much that is new and
which will Jje of great interest to the
scientific world. There is one spot alone,
off the Japanese coast, over 6700 fathoms
in depth, which has never been sounded
and which the. professor, with the Instru
ments which he will take with him, will
be able to thoroughly explore. The voy
age Is expected to last. over six months
at least, and at Its conclusion Professor
Agassiz will give to the world the result
of his explorations in a volume which
should be widely sought after by those in
terested in such matters. Professor
Agassiz is staying at the Palace, where
he arrived Sunday evening.
Following • Professor Agassiz, Horace
Davis, J. \v. Taylor and a number of
others spoke, after which an election was
held, at which T. W. Hunflngton of this
city, W. D. M. Howard of San Mateo and
held that the Federal statutes and cus
toms regulations do not recognize the
State quarantine officials and that they
should be treated as private persons. In
pursuance of this order, the customs In
spectors in charge of the Doric informed
Dr. Cobn that he would not be allowed
to come on board until after the steamer
had been allowed free pratique by the
Federal Quarantine Otlio-r.
Dr. C'ohn protested, but in a mild way,
and contented himself with taking down
the names of the customs inspectors with
a view to legal proceedings. Hereafter,
if no order of court intervenes to the con
trary, no State quarantine officer will be
allowed to board an incoming vessel be
fore she has been granted free pratique
by the Federal Quarantine Officer.
"it is probable that the State authorities
will appeal to the courts and that the
unseemly wrangling will be brought to a
speedy end.
Customs Surveyor Spear relies upon the
following section's in the Revised Statutes
of the' United States:
No person, except pilots, customs and health
officers, I'onsuls and asents of the vessel, shall
be permitted to come on board or leave a ves
sel without permission of the customs officer In
charge until all the passengers and their bag
ifage shall have been duly landed.
No pilot or other person will be allowed to
leave a vessel until the vessel shall have been
inspected by the quarantine officer, and any
person violating this requirement shall be re
ported to the nearest United States Attorney
for prosecution. No person will be allowed to
leave the quarantine reservation or a vessel
placed in quarantine without permission of the
quarantine officer.
Mr. Spear contends that as the forego
ing provisions of the United States
statutes were made for the government
of Federal matters, the health officers
mentioned are the Federal health officers
and that no other health officials are rec
ognized.
(.'. C. Bull of Belmont and a Rough
Rider of fame, were admitted to member
ship.
In regard to the Agassiz expedition it is
said that much of the expense attendant
thereon will be born by the gentleman
himself, who is well possessed of this
world's goods, as the $800,000 he has al
ready donated to Harvard at various
times and in various ways bear testi
mony.
■ ♦ ■
DEATH OF MRS. HITCHCOCK.
One of California's Best - Known
Women Passes Away at the
Palace Hotel.
Mr?. Martha Hitchcock died at the
Palace Hotel last evening- after a very
short illness. Mrs. Hitchcock was one of
the best known of the pioneer women <'f
the State. Srie was the widow of Dr. 11.
C. Hitchcock, who was formerly head of
the Army Medical Department on this
coasi and who died here in I^~>. The fam
ily of the Hitchcocka come from Georgia,
where the deceased was born and where
she waa married to L'r. Hitchcock, who
was at that time a young army surgeon.
Some time after their marriage Dr. Hitch
cock was ordered out to thkj city t.> as
sume charge of the Medical Department
of California. 'He remained here in that
position for several years, when he re
signed and entered upon a private prac
tice, at which he amassed an immense
fortune, which he left to his widow when
he died.
Mrs. Hitchcock was eighty-two years
of age at the time of her death. Some
time aX" she took a trip to Paris, and
ever since her return she had been ail
ing, though not in a state of health that
gave any apparent cause for alarm; con
sequently her death was a great shock
to her relatives and friends.
The decease, l leaves i>nc daughter, Mrs.
Lillian Colt, the widow of Howard Colt,
who was for many years caller of the
San Francisco Stock Exchange when that
institution was Beeing its palmiest days.
He died in 1886, the same year that witn
essed the demise of his father-in-law.
Mrs. Colt is known to every old-timer
in the city as Llllie Hitchcock, who was
a member of Volunteer Fire Company
Xo. •"■ and who used to run with the old
"maehin' " whenever the boys were called
out.
As yet no definite arrangements have
been made for the funeral.
liOelJ
SHEEPSKINS FOR
FORTY NEW DOCTORS
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE AT
ITS COMMENCEMENT.
Professor Lane and Rabbi Voor
sanger Talk to Budding
Medicos.
Tne large auditorium of Cooper Medical
College was filled to overflowing last
evening with a brilliant audience gather. .1
to assist In sending somr- forty-four new
doctors of medicine out upon an 111-ridden
world. The women graduates numbered
eleven. The dean of the faculty.
Dr. Henry Glbbona Jr., announced the
apt akera.
Rev. A. J". Wells offered an earnest
prayer and the degrees were conferred by
the president, Dr. I-. C. Lane, who con
gratulated the graduates upon their suc
cessful completion of tne prescribed four
years' course and said to them thai as a
reward for their devotion to their pro
fessional studjes he was empowered to
bestow upon each of them the degree of
doctor of medicine rind a diploma of grad
uation.
Professor C. N. Ellinwood had been se
lected by the faculty to deliver to the
graduates the valedictory from their
Alma Mater. He eulogized the profession
of medicine nnd spoke of the study of
its various branches, physiology, pathol
ogy, therapeutics, etc., with enthusiasm.
He bade them lie grateful for the great
advantages tinder which they had studied
at Cooper College.
The principal address of the evening !
was by Rabbi Vooraanger. and was filled |
BUYERS • CARRIAGES J BUGGIES !
STUDEBAKER BROS, open this week a HUN-
DRED late styles in
TRAPS, RUNABOUTS, VICTORIAS and DRIVING WAGONS.
The name STUDEBAKER is the guarantee.
Repair bills on a cheap Vehicle soon
make it a high-priced one.
On our third floor— so jobs, just reduced
to about HALF PRICE. Some as low as
$50.00. You will be interested.
BMetoWtnii STUDEBAKER BROS - MFG - co -
BIC S A«<itj!e a ! OnS Market and Tenth Streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGH
NOVELTY
BLACK FABRICS!
We beg to announce the opening
this week of our NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS GOODS for Fall, 1899, and
call special attention to our ELE-
GANT WINDOW DISPLAY of EX-
CLUSIVE FRENCH NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS.
We have also opened up an im-
mense stock of BLACK ENGLISH,
FRENCH and SCOTCH CHEVIOTS
and SERGES, from the best manu-
facturers, the prices of which are
50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 and
$1.75 per gard,
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
: I with serious thought, bold assertions and
pertinent suggestions. In his opening
• words the speaker was very happy in his
complimentary and encouraging sayings
• to the new doctors, and was full of his
characteristic eloquence: He eulogized
Cooper College and its faculty, and be
i cause these learned professors had pro
' nounced the graduates competent, so, he
■ said, society might fully trust the grad
i uates.
Hut Rabbi Voorsanger had something
more serious to say to both graduates and
audience. He warned them that, with the
■ spread of general education, the profes
. sions are filling too rapidly and the stand
ards are lowering. He charged that the
sin of commercialism had entered the
ranks of the learned professions and that
I the doctor, the lawyer and the professor
were In danger of degenerating to mere
fee-earners. With solemnity the rabbi ad
jured his young friends to keep their
standards lofty* to protect the sanctity of
their professional Ideals, to remember
'■ that while the practitioner earned and de- ■
i served his pay, yet his life must be de
voted to the far loftier duty of ameliorat
ing the suffering of humanity.
The rabbi's address created a profound
impression and was full of fire to the very
close. Following is the list of graduates:
Jacob Lewis Arbogaat, Frank James Bailey.
Willard Chapin Bailey, Schuyler A. Barber,
Joseph Henry Bernard, Mariana Bertola. Ed
ward Martin Cherry, Ph. <!.: William Redwood
Price Clark, Harold Edgeworth Davis. D.M.D. :
William Aloysius Dougherty, Weaton Burdens
Estes, D.D.S.; Elizabeth Eaton Grotefend, Da
vid Hadden, B. S. ; Edward Russell Hanlon,
Ph O. ■ Mary Anne Harris*, Beatrice Moses
Kinle.' Frank Loralne Hlnkly, Gugtave Adolph
IJufbner, William Harriman Jones. A.8. : Eliz- i
abeth Florence Emma Keys, Alva Dutton
Steams McCoy, 8.5.; George Henry McOeer
Jr. May Alma McKinney, William Melville I
McLaren, Austin Vicente Miller. Pauline A.
: Moore Nellie Louisa Morse, Anna Marie Mob
grove Maurice William O'Connell. 8.5. ; LaFor
est Ethelbert Phillips. Grace Honors Sharp,
I Alfred Manic Sbarrocka, All.; Martin Ephraim
Simon, Arthur Uontell Smith. Donald Raymond
Smith Lorenzo Ludlum Stephens, William Ed
ward Tebbe. Frank Pixley Topping, Ernest Al
brecht Victors, William Cooper Voorsanger,
B.S. : Samuel Jenkins Wells, William Martin
Wightman. Ray Lyman Wilbur, A.M.; Adolph
Louis William Zillmpr.
. ♦ ■
Accidents to Decorators
William 11. Kelly was decorating the
outside of a saloon at Fourth and Minna
Btreets Monday night whfii the ladder
'■■ on which he stood slipped and he fell to
• the ground. Up was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital suffering from a fractured
skull, and died yesterday morning. His
| body was removed to the Morgue. H* 1
\ lived at I~>7 Fourth street. Yesterday
I afternoon (Jeorge Hayes, a bartender in
a saloon at Sixth and Brannan streets,
was decorating the outside of the saloon
i when the ladder slipped and Hayes fell,
I fracturing his right leg. He was taken
i to the Receiving Hospital.
A Week FREENi §
Treatment and Medicine §
FOR \V^
Catarrh, Deafness, 1 §r|g
NOISES IN EARS AND «Bz/P
THROAT DISEASES. M^M
NEW INVENTIONS and <**■/ Via ••
NEW ANTISEPTIC MEDI- §•§/ /figg*-'
('INKS that gives marvel- gj' jJBmT
ova I'urps. even after other §& -^isHi
treatments fall. Over ■".** M^^/Sslilg :
test rases. 95 por cent sue- gl
cessful. So satisfactory Is M **p&IWs-~
the treatment that I make iSSiJ>js§iaH^^
no charge to try it one week. ■M^SKjjpMs*?^?- ,
Write for literature and symptom blank or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Everybody Wants
Good Coffee
Try
Great American Importinff Tea Co.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
F»n», i. ESPiC : New York, E. FODBERA 4 CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
000000000000000000
%r»? LACE Wo
ZGRAND hotels o
_ SAH FRANCISCO. °
Connected by a covered passafew&y. O
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. 0
O NOTE TEE PRICE?:' O
O EaropeanPlan.st.OO per day and udtcm n
n American Plan.^JJ.OO per day and upward °
*» Correspondence Solicited O
O JOHN 0. K!RKp ATH i CX Muiager O
OOOOQOQOQQOQQOOOOQ
lERCO
ta^ FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
1 X IrORWEAKWOWEM.
BRUSHES F ° R BA «BERS. BAK.
AJIIUOJJLJCIOera. bootblacks, bath-
. .  , houses, billiard table,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers cann »
Ser 9 fl ° U p r rt rA-. f ° r U a n ,^. 'SftJS
' tablPmen ' B r UCH f AN A :-s nn^6^ UOrS -
Brush Manufacturers. 609 iaacramento St.
IA/. X. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATrORNEY-AT-LAW
Tentb Floor . T Ho , 015 c bi^