VOLUME LXXXVII- NO. 13.
INSURGENTS
WHO BECOME
BOLD BANDITS
— ♦-
Party of Guerrillas Captured
by a Detachment of the
17th Infantry.
NEW PROBLEM IN THE
• PHILIPPINES.
— ♦ —
Bands of Desperate Natives Who
Will Have to Be Dealt With by
the American Authorities.
♦
Gj>ecial Dispatch to Th* Call.
■
■
iracrl
■
win
•irin. s
i on
■
■
M Smith.
■
It
-
•will
army,
-
■
■
■
OintinuM on SmoiiJ Pace.
CAHIAIN J. W. COIiHLAN.
The former commander of the Raleigh says that the charge that ho prom
ln-d protection to Spaniards In Pub!* Hay. and then left them unarmed at
tin- mercy of the* Insurgents. la ridiculous*. He nay« he did not bo ashore at
Ollnjjiipoa und that tho Spaniards were fully protected by the Raleigh's
cuns.
The San Francisco Call
CAPTURE A GUN, BUT
LOSE THREE SCORE MEN.
British Troops Make a Brilliant Sortie From
Ladysmith and Destroy a Howitzer — Retreai
Cut Off by the Boers and Desperate Fighting
Ensues.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— From Ladysmlth
this morning comes the most cheer-
Ing news. . Tin i .bele&suered garrison
are evidently not ' satisfied with
holding their own and awaiting the
arrival of the relief column". The gallant
troops ;iRnJn have executed a brilliant
and dashing sortie and surprise upon tho
H<M-r linos. A hill on which a 4.7-lnch
bowltxcr had been mounted was carried
■m Monday nlcht by the Second Battalion
of th.» Iilt1«» Hrljrade and th« howitzer de
stroyed with Kuncotton. On, its retreat
the Hrltish force found that the Boers
had eloped In upon them, but by usinf?
thi> haj-onet they went .throUßh them,
ratifting heavy losses and sustainlnff but
sllcht lamas* themselves.
COVERING THE RETREAT OF THE INFANTRY.
From a sketch by a special artist of the Graphic.
}<«c*«£p^ &b!*mfi4&'tt'&^ «* the ,xt« th Rifle, an, the
Incident* have occurred on other Booth African held*, and they demonstrate that for thnt ™ r ,r", r "' ir w ; hlrh t ey i*"™ l1 * and successfully accomplished. Like
past, as ha* been contended -by Home recent writers. The .^EfSjWffi^ B^s^uS?ftSi.^ ffijKMt
in? euori 01 tnis Reeonu eminently sue- |
cessful^ attempt to destroy the heavy
guns commanding the besieged city at
strategic points la bound to be great.
There have not been wanting signs that
th« Boors regard Ladysmlth as. a very ,
hard nut to crack — i>erhaps too hard for ,
them. Then General Buller's concentra
tion at Frer«» has undoubtedly caused
the drawing off of some of the beseiglng
commandos.
These swift and heavy blows dealt by
General Whlt<», the 'sudden assault and
destruction of guns and successful with
drawal of British troops to their camp
must ~o far to convince the Boers that ;
they have not accomplished much toward
compelling the town's surrender.
There is still no news of General-Bul
ler's advance, but Bethune's Horse have
reconnoitered. Colenso railway bridge Is
BAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
now completely destroyed, but the
r< ad bridge is still standing.
Although there is the Cape Town rumor
that fighting was proceeding all day Mon
day in the direction of Modder River we
are still without further definite news of
Lord Methuen's • advance. . He is con
fronted with a very powerful Boer force,
the defeat of which must tax the energies
of his column to the utmost. He if also
In some danger from Boer attacks upon
the right Hank and his line of communica
tion. It la now certain that the forces
which he dislodged from their positions at
Belmont and Modder River are by no
means shattered In morale.
The British defeat at Stormberar has
increased the risk if operations against
hi* rear,. since it would be perfectly pos
sible for the Boers to dispatch men by
rail from Btormberg and Fauresmlth.
which are only about sixty miles from
Gran Pan and Belmont. Besides, It is
more than .probable that a considerable
body of men has been moved from Lady
smith across the Free State to Jacoba
dahl.
The Boer* will make most desperate ef
forts to crush the Klmberley reMef force.
In military circles, however, there exists
a firm belief that the skill, general dis- j
cipline and braver] of the troop* Ml) ex
tricate them from their difficult position
and inflict a crushing defeat upon the
Boers.
While the firing heard on Monday might |
be from a great battle. it Is more likely to
be an artillery reconnoissance. No doubt
the enemy's trenhces will be thoroughly
bombarded before they are attacked.
General Methuen la likely to clear his
flank and rear before he commits himself
to-a pitched battle with Cronje'i com
mandos.
Gatacro's detailed explanation of his
reverse, as given out by the War Office,
last evening, has caused considerable as
tonishment and evoked -chary criticism.
He said that the operation, which ended
in lamentable failure, seemed to promise
certain success, but the distance was un
derestimated by both himself and the lo
cal guides. It v.. ...-us incomprehensible
that a general should not be supplied with
good maps, and yet there in hardly an
other explanation. That the palpable
moral of the Franco-German war in this
respect should have been overlooked
comes with a shock. In that death strug- ;
gle the French officers could not obtain !
mapq of their frontier provinces, while
the Germans knew almost every road and
lane between the Rhine and Paris.
It Is lamentable that this disaster should
have occurred on British coil because tho
British commander underestimated, the >
distance between his camp and that of I
the Boers. The fact that General Gatacrc
himself had not reconnoitered the Boers*
position was evidently due to his weak
ness In cavalry, which prevented a recon-
BOlsaaaea in any force, such as would
compel the Boers to. unmask their artil
lery.
One result of the reverse is the growing
conviction that the strength of the Boers
has been underestimated: that In all dl
rections the British are confronted by su
perior numbers, and that it is the duty of
the nation and the Government to rush
out more reinforcements.
The last units of the Sixth Dlvison em
bark within a day or so. and it Is now
urged that the Seventh Division should
be mobilized at once and sent to the front.
Mafeklng Is on reduced rations and is |
being heavily bombarded, but Colonel j
Baden-Powell will ulve the Bocro a great !
deal more trouble. Hla relief from Rho- j
desia reached Gaberonos on December 2. I
200 miles to the north, from which place
the Boits had retired.
It in not impossible that the Boors ore
trying a flank movement against General I
LONDON, Dec. 12,— The War Office publishes
the following dispatch from General Buller:
"A dispatch fron) General White dated De
cember II says:
"Last night Colonel Metcalf and 500 of the
Second Rifle Brigade sortied to capture a Boer
bowitzer on a hill. They reached tbe crest witb
out being discovered, drove off the enemy and
then destroyed the howitzer witb guncotton.
'When returning Metcalf found bis retreat
barred by the Boers, but be forced his way
tbrough, using the bayonet freely. Boer losses
were considerable. The British losses were as fol
lows: Lieutenant Ferguson and eleven roen Killed;
Captain Paley, Second Lieutenant Davenport,
Second Lieutenant Bond and forty-one rr)en
wounded; six men captured wbo bad remained
behind in charge of the wounded.' "
GATACRE CANNOT EXPLAIN
THE STORMBERG DISASTER
— — —^— _^____
Perhaps the Fact That "a Policeman TooK Us
Round Some Miles" Had Something to
Do With) the Crushing Defeat.
LONDON. Dor. 12.-The War Office has- received the following from Genenl
Forestler- Walker:
"CAPE TOWN. Monday. Dec. 11.-Gatncre reports as follows:
" •The Idea to attack Stormberg seemed to promise certain success hut the
distance was underestimated by myself and the local guides. A policeman took
us round pome mile?, arid consequently we were marching from 9:30 p m. until
4 a. m. nnd were landed in an Impabnahlo position. I do not consider the error
intentional. The Boers commenced tiring from the top of an unscalable hill and
— wwint4>d^-goniUnany_nL_niir men while in the open place. The Second North
umberland! tried to turn out the enemy, hut failed. The Second Irish Fusileers
seized a kopje near by. and held on. supported by the mounted infantry and Cape
police. The puns tinder Jeffreys could not have been better handled. But I re
grot to say that one gun was overturned in a deep nullah and another sank In
quicksand. Neither could be extricated In the time available.
•• 'Seeing the situation, a dispatch rider was sent to Molten'o with the news
I collected and withdrew our forces from ridge to ridge for about nine miles'
The Boer guns were remarkably well served. They carried accurately y>oo
yards. lam holding Bushmans Hock and Cyphergat. I am sending the Iri«h
Rifles and Northumberlands to Sterksstrom to recuperate. The wounded pro
ceeded to Queenstown. The missing* Northumberlands number 366. not 306 as
previously reported.' " " *
PRETORIA. Sunday. Dec. 10.— President Steyn has sent the following details
of the fight at Stormberg Junction: '
"The British, with six cannon/ attacked the Boers under Swanepoel and
Oliver and stormed the Boers' Intrenched positions on the kopjes. After a se
vere fight they were compelled to surrender. THe prisoners are Major Sturj?es
six officers and 230 non-commissioned officers and men of the Northumberland
and two officers and about 250 non-commissioned . officers and men of the Irish
Fusileers. It Is impossible to state the number of dead or wounded of the
British. The Boers captured three cannon and two ammunition wagons."
Buller. as they have been Been moving in
considerable numbers down by Weenaji to
his southwest, In the direction of the
Mooi River
BRITISH TRANSPORT ASHORE.
LAS PALMAS. Canary Islands. Dec. 13.
—The British transport Dentongrange!
with war munitions for South Africa on
board, is ashore outside the harbor and
making water.
STRENGTH OF BOERS
NOT FULLY ESTIMATED
LONDON. Dec. 12.— A message from
Naauwpoort, dated Monday, December 11.
MYSTERY NO LONGER
CLOUDS REED'S WILL
"Alvira Alice Reed," the Child
Heiress, Was His Daughter.
He Supported the Mother and His Off
spring for Seven Years and at His
Death Made Amends.
MRS. GARCIA. THE STORY OF'WHOSE
I. IFF. HAS JUST COME TO LIGHT
THROUGH THE " MYSTERY "
CLAUSE IN CAPITALIST REED'S
WILL.
THF.RE Is no further mystery in con
nection with the last testament of
the late John J. Reed, the Marin
County capitalist and pioneer, who
surprised his relatives and friends by do
vlslng valuable property to a child named
In his will as "Elvira Cora do Garcia."
The real name of the little heiress, who is
now 7 years of age. Is "Alvlra Alice
Rood." and that of the mother. Frances
Cora Wood. It Is the old story of the
wiles of the man of wealth and of hi*
success with women: a plain tale of he
trayal, the stated facts of which make It
extremely culpable.
Frances Cora Wood was an orphan, who
was reared by Mrs. Carmellta Boyle of
Mill Valley, a sister of Mr. Reed. The de
ceased capitalist had known his victim
from childhood and watched her grow
Into a handsome, attractive woman. He
was in fact a foster uncle to her. Through
his Influence with the young woman he
succeeded In accomplishing her ruin. This
occurred about eight years ago. hut after
the woman's downfall their intimate re
lations ceased. The man was honorable
enough, however, to provide a comfort
able living for the woman and his off
spring.
It Is stated that the family of Mr. R*ed
did not know of his deviation from tne
path of rectitude and that th< y gained
their knowleritje through th<» reading of
the will. It is further asserted that owing
to the circumstances under which the
capitalist disposed of his estate there will
be no contest. He deeded the bulk of his
property to his Immediate heirs on the
21st of N'ovomb'-r last, and on the i'th 'f
the same month he wrote the will in
which amehda were made t-> hit allegi 1
natural child.
Five .lays later Mr. Reed died, and if
the will Is attacked on the ground of un
■OHlklllMf of mind of thf testator the va
lidity of the de^ds by which the greater
part of the dead man's property was dis
shows that General French has apparent
ly no inclination to withdraw his ad
vanced troops at Arundel. as it was fear
ed might be the- result of General Gat- j
acre's defeat. General French reports
that his artillery December 11 forced an
advance post of the Boers south of Eolc3
burg to evacuate Its position and seek
refugo behind Vaalkop.
There Is great indignation In Great
Britain at the ignorance the British in
telligence department Is displaying In
estimating the Boer strength in Cape
Colony. Experts aver that 15.000 Been
will have to be driven out of the colony
before the passage of the Orange River
can be commenced.
The Rhodeslan force advancing to the
relief of Mafekincr reached Gaberones
Fort December 2 and found the Boers bad
evacuated the place. The Rhodestans ,?rc
repairtng-the-rftllread^aj^th^y— »4varve©»
The latest news from Mafcklng shows
that Colonel Bnden-Powell has been
forced to r*Hur«» the rations of the garrl
••n and inhabitants, but water is plontl- I
ful there
URGING MENELIK TO
SEIZE THE SOUDAN
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— A Journal cable
from London says: Dispatches from
Cairo and Rome well Illustrate the. anti-
British machinations of certain European
powers, who seek to take every advan
tage of England's trouble In South Af- ,
rica In order to embarrass her and there- ,
by reap Rain for themselves. The Cairo i
dispatch says:
"Emperor Menelik of Abyssinia with a
(Treat force Is moving menacingly toward
the British possessions of the White Nile.'
His camp is . now near Adis Abeba.
French and Russian envoys with htm arc
endeavoring to rouse him to an energetic
campaign against British Interests, urg
ing him to assert his rights over the Sou
dan, which the envoys declare rightfully ;
belongs to his domain. M<ne!!k'M prog
ress Is slow. The latest advices say ho
is hesitating over any aggressive move.
The Emperor's court moves with him In
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THIS LITTLE CTRL. THE DAUGHTER
OF CAPITALIST REED. IS THE
CHIEF LEGATEE UNDER HIS WILL
SOMETHING LIKE IUMN WAS BE
QUEATHED HER.
posed of will be placed under a cloud.
Furthermore, a family scandal would bo
aired In 011 rt. with all the disagreeable
features attached to <n;< rt cases.
Mrs. Frances fora Wood Is a woman
about 30 years of age. attractive In per
son and wrapped wholly In the dentiny of
her unfortunate child. The young helr^s
;- nearly 7 years nM, is as bright as th«
proverbial cricket and bears a strong re-
to the man who is claimed tr»
r father. About three yr-»rs afvr
wnfall the moth* 1 .1. .-.
Wood, an Englishman, and lived happily
for a short time Her husband then went
to England to look after his share | t
large estate, but dl»-d before he coulfl es
tablish his clam and return home to h'<
wife. Whether his widow will sur.-#-M TO
I F..>rti,>n of Mi
terml'
Mrs. Woo.l resides with her sister In a
varj nodwl flat in the Western A.idur n
and Is in bad h«-alth. The propert
vised to the child Includes El Campo And
valuable adjoining lands.
semi-barbaric splendor and the army ac
companies."
The dispatch from Rome says: "Cap
tain Clccodlcola. Italian 'envoy to Abys
sinia, reports the Intrigue* of other pow
ers to get Menellk roused against th«
British In the Soudan. Ctccodicola says
he fears trouble."
It Is reported from Brussels that Russia
Is In negotiation with Spain for the ces
sion of Ceuta. opposite Gibraltar. It la
declared in Madrid that Ceuta is not to
be sold to any power. What Is likely is
that In tho event of a European war
some, power would bo sure to help Spain
to prevent England seizin* ( -uta.
St. Petersburg reports Russian troops
on the Persian and Turkish frontier* ar<s
to bo Increased on account of German
commercial activity in Asia Minor Ger
many already ha/ secured a railway con
cession^ th.re. i"he Russian Black Sea
fleet will also be strengthened.
The Dally Mail says significantly: "Our
readers will do well to watch the, move
ments of Russia. France and possibly an
other power In the event of any further
reverse* to our troops In South Africa.
Our correspondence gives evidence at
Russian activity at Ceuta and Tangier
and in Central Asia and Abyssinia."
— — —
Wood a Major General.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.-Th« Senate
lii executive session to-day confirmed th«
nomination of Leonard* Wood to b« major
general of volunteers.
LOSS OF THE BRITISH
STEAMER ST. HELENS
LONDON*. Dec. 12.— A dispatch from
Saigon, capital of French Cochin China,
says the British st— St. Helens. Cap
tain I.uckham. last reported from Shang
hai. September 20. tor Singapore, has been
lost on th- Paracots. a croup of Islets *n<l
reefs In the China Sea. and that five of
her crew *•■!•• drowned.
The St. Helens was i steel and Iron ves
sel of 2388 tons register net. She was
built In IFO3 and hailed from London. Sn«
was at Philadelphia when her la*t sur
vey was made in 1&&2
PROCEEDINGS IN SENATE AND HOUSE
PETTIGREW AND
CHANDLER CLASH
Philippine Question in
the Senate.
INFORMATION IS ASKED FOR
■• -
DID DEWEY RECOGNIZE THE
ISLAND REPUBLICP
South Dakota Statesman's Resolu- i
• tion for a Coeur d'Alene Inves
tigation Is Referred to
Committee.
• •
€p«flal Pispateh to The Call.
. WASHINGTON. Dec 32. - Whether
acting for the United States Gov
i crunjciit. . formally or Informally, recog
nized the Philippine Republic at Manila is
\a question which l'ettigrew of South Da.
fcnia desires the Navy Department to an- '
swer. He introduced a resolution to-day
directing the Secretary of the Navy to
Supply the Senate with information on the
subject, but Chandler of New Hampshire
objected to Its immediate consideration.
i • Following this objection l'ettlgrew and
tTuiTidler had a sharp tilt over the resolu
tion offered by the former yesterday de
. lufcudixig . f rora the Secretary of War an I
.Investigation of certain charges against
Gtuical Merriam in his conduct of the
Coeur d'Alvno troubles. Po'ltlcs .re in
" iecied Into tho controversy and the per
t-dial references made by each Senator
agah:st the other lent soino liveliness to
ah otherwise quiet pension.
At the opening uf to-day's session reso
lutions were reported favorably from the
•Committee on Contingent Expenses au
thorizing the Committee on Privileges and
lili-cilons to pr<f<-e<l with investigations
ot tho «»lcctl<>n to the Senate of V.\ A.
Clarke of Montana and N. U. Scott of
W«-st Virginia. The resolutions were
adopted.
• .Cullom's bill providing a form of Gov- |
ernment for Hawaii w<is sent to the Com
mit t«e on Foreign Relations.
.. IVttigrew of South DaJcota offered the
following resolution:
Thut tIM STreiary ot the Nuvy be and he is !
to'Tvtiy airei-tpil to inform the Senate whether
Hie fli£ if the Philippine Ilexiublic. was carried I
ly \.*w!s In the !■«>• of Manila, and whether
the flag «.f th«- I'hUtppine Kepubllc ««i ♦ ver
citluW'toy Admiral IJewey or any of the vesaela
mt hlh fleet i»t any time nnce May 1. ls3s. W ere
Fpanttii jirlfunfj-n delivered Dtvr to the rhtllp
iilne fr>rc~» at tlio tlnx- 1 1 thi- sum-nder nt £u
ti'.K liav" l>id a vessel eumniJinded by the
roroea unJor Affulnaldu, flyinp the Philippine
ling, aci-omi'ar.y the veswls Concord and Ha-
Mich hue* to trub.jc liny Sn June. IK>% in order
to ofimtM-l the »urr*-nili-r of the Spanish forces?
PeUiffretr asked for immediate consid- i
eration of the resolution, but Chandler ob
jected, and it went over until to-morrow.
The resolution offered yesterday by Pet
tlgrew reciting certain things alleged to
have l««-!i done by General Merriam in
■ rotini'filon tvltti tht» trulibleJn »hi» \ *Mi)er_i
d'Alene mining district and directing the !
Seop-tfiry cif War to transmit to the Sen- .
aie all orrters and information in his pus- i
'ppssirtn hearing upon the subject was laid !
fcofore the Senate. Chandler of New !
Hampshire objected to the statements In
th«« preamble of the resolution and de
tired to offer a-substitutc. but Pettlgrew \
declined to accept the substitute.
"Although I am not certain whether my |
friend the Senator from New Hampshire;
1* a Republican." saM he. "I am satisfied i
that any substitute he may offer 1:- per-]
XHc'ious, at> he himself often is."
. Chandler— lt rwjuires a pernicious Senator.!
•onwtlmes ta deal with a perniclitus proposition. J
IVttlgrew— That'* the nwin, I mppotte. why I
"you are trying ' j ■'••"! with thJc.
Chandler secured the reading of his sub- '
which, he pointed out. elimiJiated
only the charges made in the original
against General Merrium and. in his opin
ion, would serve much hotter the purpose
I of Pettlgrew than the original.
P« ttiv'Jiw In reply declared that the ac- j
tlon of General M-rri:im iy;i* a disgrace to i
civilization, tiut !>o was jw-rfertly willing ]
that the Republican party should take
the repponsll^llty of it.
Chandler— Tt> nrpuMlran party ha* its faults.
I<erhap»>. but I'm min-h riot* «::::• r to remain
■ with it nince the. Senator from South Dakota
icrt it.
He then rrad a paragraph from General
Merriam'* report to the War Department
bearing upon th<» Coeur d'Alene trouble.
Indicating that the oillcer had acted with
Justice and discretion.
Pettlpnw asked that the resolution and
amendment be referred to the Committee
<m l£ducation and I^tbor. but Hawley of
Connortirut. ehalnnan of the Committee
on Military Affairs, objected and the reso
lution was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
After an executive sf-s*lon a message
was received from the House announcing
the death of Representative Daniel I>
of Penrose of Pennsylvania tho on motion
1:40. p. m., as a mark <>f respect, adjourned.
YAQUIS BATTLE
WITH MEXICANS
■
AUSTIN Tex.. Doc. :2.-Infurmatlon
reaching here to-day is :o the effect that
on December 3 the Yaqui Indians and the
Mexican forces under General Torres had
a pitched battle near R|o Chlco. on the
Taqu River. The engagement was with
the -vn body of Indians, the- Mexican
j for* numbering some i<Xfj men.
A.. •■tit Uii da>s ago ceverul .anils of
, roving Yaguis who had been out on scout-
Ing expeditions and depredatory tours be
. pan gathering at the main camp of the
Yaqiii*. located in the mountains en the
• raphjßcchic ltlver. The Mexican troops
; oti&npted tt> head off the small bands but
were unsuccessful, and in a short time all
of them had Joined tho main body of the
Indians. • Evidently fearing that the Mcx-
JcaA troops were preparing to Invade their
camp th<» Indians hustened the fighting
themstJves by attacking the Mexican
forces in their camp.
The onslaught was vigorous, but not
very effective, as the Indians .*..! not ad
vance in a solid body, preierring their old
warfare of injin for man behind boulders
■&nd tr«*es. In this manner they began
their nttack on th<« Boldlers' camp. Ac
cording to r«-j>nrt the lighting was most
fcevens end !Ht-'.f>d f-.r a day and night
when the Indians withdrew, having sus
tained considerable 10*;%
The militia made several attempts to
dl»«li>dgu the Indians from the woody
country without *vrec*a, and upon each
deploy the soldiers lost a number of men
killed or wounded.
• While the military troops were engag
ing this main body <>f Indian* there were
a number of small bands roaming around
the mountain* laying Wiistc the rinches
nnd otherwise jil.-iylnp havoc. It l»
learned thnt the Mexican forces have the
Twentieth Infantry mnreiynsr to their as
sistance, when they hope to follow the
main l»ody of th« Indians and cither cap
' ture or annihilate It.
810 BLAZE IN PORTLAND.
Building: on Sixth Street, Owned by
Dr. Brown. Destroyed.
PORTLAND. Dec 32.— Fire this morn
ing in the two-story frame building at 122
to 12R Sixth street caused a loss ■ ' mated '
nt JlrtOtiO. The firms burned out were the
'Electric laundry office.- Unique Tailoring
Company. Alsett-Hcrrin Photograph Com
runy. Phillips trunk factory, Couraen
Computing Scale .Company, Lease bicycle
'repair *hop. Economy. <3os Lamp Co,m
;pany and; a small' rc?Jirorant. ,-_y ' •■•i\
The bundinp was nwntd >by }Dnv S. A.;
' and K.«<!. 'Brown?." Thfi.'lnEUrancolvarrieC'
by aJV tfcftJU'ms -wn* smaU. >-• -A-V Z <». '■■ '
■ ♦ ■
' To Cure La Grippe in Two Days . . .
.T«k* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drucKUtii r«-runJ the money if it fails to cure.
X. uj^ £r«i »"».*Jfcn«tur« 1* oa •» c l box. r&o.
ONE DEMOCRAT HEARD
AGAINST FREE COINAGE
Driggs of New York Speaks in Support of
the Republican Financial Bill
in the House.
-WASHINGTON', Dec 12. -There is such
great, pressure, for time .on the part
of the members of both Bides who desiro
to participate in the currency debate in
the House that night sessions were or
dered to-day. Interest in the debate Is.
not Ueen. Judged by the attendance in tho
galleries, although the members them
selves are listening attentively to the
speeches.
Only «ne Democrat thus far has spoken
in favor of the bill— Driggs of New York,
who announced to-day that he had
pledged himself before election to support
the gold' standard and proposed to re
doom that, pledge, lie will be joined by
several of big Brooklyn colleagues and
probably several others.
The features of the debate to-day were
the speeches of Qroovoaor of Ohio tor
the bill and of Cochran of Missouri and
Newlands of Nevada against It. The other
ppeakers were Parker or New Jersey, Wil
liam Alden Smith of Michigan, Prince of
Illinois, Lawrence of Massachusetts and
Powers of Vermont for the bill and Shal
roth of Colorado and Sims of Tennessee
against It.
In opening Grosvenor said he had hoped
tho Democrats would meet the Issue
pro— by the pending bill but they were
Here with the same old stale battle-cry of
"lfi to 1." Going back to the plattorm
declaration of 1&«&, Grosvenor produced a
poll of the members of the comruilteu on
resolution* of the St. Louis convention
to show that an overwhelming majority
lavored a gold ueclaration before the
convention met. The only controversy
fluce naii been as to who was respoxuublu
lor certain verbal pftrases.
He reviewed the Democratic predictions
in the last campaign propnesying no re
lief, but continued tailing prices, lu-ceat
corn, in wheat, 3-ceiu cotion ana
j gi neral alstreu until free sliver came,
und then described how prosperity loi
.lowed McKlnley's election and toe restor
alion of commence. The Democrats pre
dicted we would have no foreign trade.
Tliut trade wu» now larger than at any
period in our history. Another prediction
was th>t there would be a contraction of
the currency. The currency had increased
Jliw.uOu.mw in three years, Referring to
the (juf-j-tion of anti-trust legislation, be
challenged any Democrat to point out
any audition which could be made con- <
stltutionally to the Sherman anti-trust
law. He dissented entirely from Bryan's
remedy. He •■untended that Congress
could r?ot assail corporations in the
States; that the States could control and
regulate their own domestic affairs.
lands of Nevada followed Grosvenor
in opposition to the bill. He traced the
history of the country through the period
of depression commencing m IV'3, con
tending that the panic was not caused
by lUe coinage of silver under the Sher
man act. '.{-■ said the increase of pros
perity during the past two years demon
strated the correctness of the theory an
tertained by blmetallists— that, all other
things being e<iual, prices will depend
upon the quantity of money in circula
tion; that an Increase of the money vol
ume means higher prices and the diminu
tion of the volume means lower prices.
I" Shafroth of Colorado, in opposing the
j bill, argued that the foundation of the
i prosperity In th> Harrison adminlM ration,
the depression during the Cleveland ad
ministration and the prosperity under the
present, administration, lay in the sup
ply of basic money. During the Harrl-
H-*n administration, the Sherman pur
i chasing act added, four millions a month
! to the. supply: the repeal of that law at
1 the beginning of. the Cleveland admlnis
tratkorfbrougbt. disaster, ami the great
increase! in- gold production and the con
sequent Increase in the basic money ac
TELEPHONE WAR
IN SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 12.— An extraor
dinary state of affairs has "developed here
in" telephone 'circles and th.- city govern
ment has been . ailed upon to throw Us
weight toward.the righting of a grievance.
, Same four years ago the Capital Tele
phone Company was organized by homo
"-capital for the transaction of local busi
ness with ultimate branches into neigh
boring counties. At that time the Sunset
Telephone Company had a monopoly of
this n>Vd -and it exacted all the tribute
.the -tramc would bear, charging not only
a high monthly rental" for its Instruments,
but tfiuhini?) a charge for every local
switch. .-The advent of the Capital Com
pany changed all this and presently th.
riun»»t Company found that it not only
l.aul to »Jash Us rental, but abandon its
switch charges as well. and. at the samo
time make/a Jivcly scramble for its share
.• the burthen* From -a couple of hun
dred -patron* the Capital Company has I
In fouT years succeeded in securing twelve
hundred subscribers in this city, while 1 1 .-<
branch linos-have penetrated the sur
roundlcg action in every direction. Nat
urally thfs condition was' galling to the
erstwMM monopoly a*" l " would appear
that the Sunset Company has been resort
ing to extreme • measures <n order to re
gain its presilpe and; control.
A caraniUtee of the Capital sharehold
ers, including; such representative citi
zens as'FreUerlck Cox. >!>,'•' B. Katzen
stein M s J. Dlllman. A. Hellbron. Frank
Iluhstaller.' Herman Grau. Joseph Stef
fens. A A. Van Voorhh's. and \V. E.
Oerber. -has laid the matter before the
City Board of Trustees, presenting resolu
tions declaring that the city will not pat
ronize any public utility using the munici
pal streets for its lines that, enforces dis
criminating contracts against parties,
which contracts prevent . rival utilities
from entering -the premises, of the parties.
Trustee Bentley has proposed a resolution
throwing'OUt the Sunset Instrument from
all the city offices- and a committee of
trustees has been appointed to inquire in
to the relations of the city and the Sunset
Telephone Company. ■, ■
Said M. J. DlHman, manager of the Cap
.Hrl Company, to The Call correspondent
.
. • A systematic boycott is being waged
*t»y the' Sunset people against our com
pany.? One large business house here,'
■ flavin* a branch in San Francisco, nad
one of our instruments. The manager has
receiv?d from the San Francisco house in
structions to remove the telephone at
once on pnin of loss of Sunset trade to
the San Francisco branch. John I. Babin,
president of the Sunset Company in San
Francisco, has prevailed upon the heads
*of various big corporations having
branches here not to use our telephones.
At their uptown and downtown offices
here Well*. Fargo .<.• Co.. have our In
strument as well as the Sunset tele
phones, but on each of our telephones is
a notice* signed by Felix Tracy, the man
ager, stating thnt no employe shall use
the Capital telephone except to receive
messages, and that all office telephoning
must be done over the Sunset line. The
Postal Telegraph Company has declined
to allow us to Install one of our instru
j ments In" Its office here, the San Fran
cisco headquarters giving as an excuse
that the Postal is usintr some of the Sun
eet poles for it« wires. "
The Capital people declare that the Sun
set Company* has tried to 'harass It by
brinKlng *?uits against It which had no
fcun'dailnh In law nr in fact, and that in
various ways it has. sought to crush the
"hytwi enterprise., ."Public . sentiment ap
pears to" W with the home company. for
th<-T»* Is no question that its service is
•excellent' and that It has been the means
of paving the merchants and household
ers from the extortionate demands for
merly- made by th« old Sunset- monopoly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEBN ESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
counted for the prosperity under the
present administration.
I'aikt-r of New Jersey in support of tho
bill argued that tha pending nuestiuii
; not be a party one.
William Alden Smith of Michigan spoke
in advocac) of the bill. Toe steady
growth ol the circulation during the past
: years, aggregating vtT'..
'. fuu.in.iu, he said, gave the li« to the uUvu
itei of free silver. Our commerce with
-i.i!..irt.r«i countries last years aggre
gated U,€OU,000,000; with bil\er countries
»l.,;<.i»iu .mm. ii.iw idle it WuUld be llien to
irdlxe that commeroe by going to a
silver i
i'rlr.ce of Illinois, who was a member of
the Banking and Currency Commission in
bs, presented a. careful ar
gument n. favoi ot the bUL
■ ran ■ t Missouri opposed the bill in
a rigorous speech in which he cont<
that the r<ai question presented by the
was whether there was suf
ficient gold In the world upon which t"
mla the vast and constantly Increas
ing volume of cretin. H> referred to the
; dispatches from London showing
the struggle Cor gold all ov< r Europe and
declared that the K"ld importa'Uoi
ing the ifcKinley administration bad pro
tho cold famine abroad. The
: not enough gold In the world t<> do the
; business of the world. The Importation
of gold to pay for the t ips ■ x
ported to supply the failure of crops
■i. Cocnran claimed, bad qui< •
and had produced thi prosperity of
which the H. publicans boasted to-day. He
v tii* Ropublicai 9 that when
the si '<k of gold declined the prbi
of !■ -day wouM crumble like a ha I
i ards.
In the course of his speech, when Coch
ran reiterated Bryan's famous declara
tion concerning .the crown of thoi • and
cross of. gold,. the. Republicans Jeered de
risively.
Sims of Tennessee in opposition to. the
bill said that under the existing prosper
ity wages did not average more than 10
per cent above the panic level, while the
price of manufactured goods bad in
creased 100 p« r cent.
Drlgßs of New York was the first Dem
ocrat to speak in favor of thtvhill. When
ho arosf many of the Republicans left
their seats ana went over to the Demo
cratic side to listen. He said that the
convention which nominated him did not
indorse the Chicago platform; nor did it
indorse either gold or silver. As the
nominee he. was left to follow his own
convictions. On the Rth of October ajid
again on the day preceding the election
he announced In the Brooklyn papers that
b< favored the gold standard and if elect
ed gave his pledge that he would support
gold standard legislation. Drlggs de
clared that he believed the dignity and
preeminence of the L'nlted States woujd
be advanced i>> placing this country upon
the standard of the most highly civilized
countries of the world.
"1 «5.i nol arrogate to myself," paid he,
addressing his i>. mocrattc eoll<
mptlon to say t.i jmju . hat I am
i: .1 \ni are wrong. Kut 1 b.-ii«'v.
• thtit you would i
! Bie less, if. knowing how 1 feef, I
i..i otw nly avow my convictions and keep
the )■:. dg< s i made."
Driggs announced that he would remain
... •• ; Democrat, save only upon the
■
Powers of Vermont and I>n\vrcnce of
supported the Mil.
LTpop C i I motlOQ a rt-Kolution was
adopted directing the Bpeaker to ajipoint
a committee <•! ten to Join tbe caminitte< «
I appointed l>y th«- Presneat and Senata to
prepare plans for the celebration of the
centennial anniversary or the first
gross hetd in Washington. It ws
i that the sessions of the House dur
ntlnuance "f the general
on the currency Mil should t>. *in at 11
ck.
Qrosvenor of C'htn annotinred the death
jof the late Representative Dahrortn of
k. ;u» a further mark
i of respect, the House adjourned.
REGULATION OF
RAILWAY RATES
- WASHINGTON", Dec 12.— Senator Cul
lom to-day Introduced In " the Senate a'
comprehensive bill for an amendment of
the law creating the Interstate Commerce
Commission. The bill is in most respects
similar to the Cullom bill of " the last
Congress, and for the same purpose, but
it has been changed in several minor par
ticulars. The main features of the pro
posed measure are as follows: ..-•
The commission is authorized, alter
hearing a case, to make an order 'direct-
Ing the carrier to desist from the violation
found and also to prescribe in such order
the thing which the carrier is required to
do or not to do for the future to bring
itself into conformity with the act, and in
so. doing the commission la given power
I to fix maximum rates; to tix both a maxi
mum and minimum rat. or differential
In rates when necessary to prevent dis
crimination; to determine the division;? of
I a joint rate between connecting carriers,
! and the terms and conditions .under
which business shall be -exchanged when
necessary to the enforcement of tho «»ct;
to make changes In. classification and to
I amend the rules and regulations under
! which traffic is moved. • • ■• •
The commission now has no power in
Bny cape to fix rates for future observance
by railroad companies. ....... t •
The bill makes the order of the coin
' mission effective within the time speciiloJ.
Which ordinarily shall be not less than
thirty days. Any carrier ma"y within
thirty days begin proceedings In the
United States Circuit Court fur a review
of the order. Either party may appeal
directly to the Supreme Court, ana the
case is to have precedence in Jhe courts.
If the court upholds the order, or if the <
order becomes effective otherwise, . the
carrier must obey It or be subject to a
forfeiture of 16000 for each offense and for
I every day It continues In default... If ad
ditional evidence is found necessary In
court, the court must direct the commis
sion to take it and make a suplemental
report. The orders of the commission
I now are not effective until it brings suit
1 In the court to enforce them, and the de
lays Involved frequently extend over a
■ period of years. -. •
The bill also further provides . that the
commission shall make and establish a
uniform classification. Th« long and
short haul clause Is made an absolute
; prohibition except upon leave granted by
til. commission. penalties are pr ■- |
video! against carriers .In case of •■ de- j
parture from the published ■ rate. The i
imprisonment feature is eliminated, from !
the act, and shippers are not liable for
offense except false billing or other fraud- |
ulent practice. a forfeiture is Imposed
upon carriers for .failure to • file annual
reports before September M of each year.
The commission is authorized to prescribe
the form of accounts and to Inspect the
, books of carriers and ■ it may employ
special agents or examiners who shall
have authority, under the order of- the
commission, to inspect and examine such
accounts. '• .... . .• .
LADY WILSON EXCHANGED.
LONDON. Dec. 12.— A special from Lou
renzo Marques says a Boer telegram from
eking announces that Lady Sarah
1 Wilson, aunt of the Duke of Maflborough,
who was captured by the Boers while, act
ing as. a correspondent for the London
Daily Mali, has been exchanged- .for a
i Boer woman who was a prisoner at Ifaffc
, king. . . _ _
■ ♦ .
In the years \«2 to 1891 England lost
j 14.000,000 of 'its population '■ by emigration.
: Germany lost 5,000,000 between 1&2 and
1 1891. SBShI • "
ROBERTS READY
WITH HIS BRIEF
Reasons Why He Should
Be Seated.
— ♦ —
ENTITLED TO A LEGAL TRIAL
♦ • — - *■
PROCEDURE OF THE HOUSE
CHALLENGED.
> ' -
Congressman-Elect Declares That if
He Were Guilty, His Foes Should ">
Have Prosecuted Him In ". .
the Courts of Utah.- , : -
— • ' . ' ,
Special Dispatch to The Call. . ._,• .•
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The Roberts
investigating committee -resumed its ses
sion today .behind: closed doors:. This; it
..was explained, was to permit the comm't-
tee to receive and discuss reports on pro
cedure, form of subpena, etc. Meantime
Roberts himself and a gathering of Mor
mons and gentiles stood outside the com
mittee door awaiting admission.-*; Roberts
was prepared to continue his argument on
the demurrer to the right. of th,6 commit
tee to try ' him. The gentile. delegation
was non numerous, including th?.white
haired Rev. Dr. I lift Bchroeatv, to whom
Roberts Interposed rather sensational ob-
Jec'.ions on Saturday, and the others who
have come on from Utah to direct' the pro
ceeedings against him. .. f- '..
The committee remained in private ses
sion until noon, when an adjournment was
taken until 10 o'clock to-morrow, when
the actual hearing of witnesses will begin.
Roberts saw Tayler as soon as the com'
mittee adjourned and submitted. his brief.
Roberts' brief is a lengthy legal argu
m. ni iigainst the rlglits of the commit
tee. !!<• urg« a that the constitution gives
tlon aKaiiisi trial without the pro
i law; also against taking property,
BUCII ;is tli.-- .-alary ol ;m office, without
due process of law. Huberts' summary
Is as follows:
From the'foreKolnß established doctrines and
rights of, members of Congress it follow*:
■That the proi>oße<l proceedings of this com
mittee would be tsubvereive ■-; the rights of .the
member from Utah.
1. .That he l* to be adjudged guilty of crime
without due procaii of law.
2. Th.it he la to be ailjudeed disqualified by
disabilities created hy enactments of Congress
anil applicable to the old T»rritory of,.Utah.
but not itjiiillcable to th. State of Utah, which
Jisabllitieti have been removed (a) by amnesties
of- i'rej<lflpnth: ib) by tho enabling act
passed by Cnner^Hs; (c) by the transition of
Utah ff'tii the territorial condition to that of
statehood.
■ 3. It further appears that the crime alleged
acanlst the repi«««nt«tlv< from Utah does not
constitute a <j|(-<iuahn" at; >n for a member of
nbnjETMs, unless the House an.l its committee
are prepared to' assert their power and right
to mm to the qualifications prescribed by the
Constitution of the Unite i Stated.
4. Arvl ( urt her, -the prt'i"ff,»Hl proceedings by
this committee would deprive the member from
Vtah of th.^ constitutional right to trial by ,i
court of nimpotent Jurisdiction »nd by a Jury
of his peers within the State and district where
the crime l« alleged to have been committed
and would deprive him of property and rights
without due process of law. The member from
Utah, therefore; auks the committee to etop Its ;
.present |.rr^e«-!lnjrs and' consider the '• prlma
Taclc? rlßht of -the representative from Utah to i
be sworn In as a member of the House of Rep-*
n-pcntatives of the Fifty-sixth Congress. ' .
As to the 'protests by certain sectarian
ministers from Utah. Roberts holds that
the committee oußht not to consider them
lor the reason that affidavits presented-by
them bear.datbs a* follows: Thomas J
Bandon, February ! m.. IS!>9; Ray T. Ban
don. February •• 13, is»: I>uella P. Miles.
February 27. ■ ■•; Mrs. Marie E. McDou-
Kall, May 27, \K<>\ all the dates beini. sev
eral months, prior to the departure of the
Representative from Utah for the East
He contlnueu: »
More than a year after the charges began to '
be made ::>; »In«t him the member from Utah
was in. and about. Salt Lake all the Unv. and'
seven monfhs after the Bandoa aftl>luviti> were
drawn up by A T. Schroeder: and. therefore.
sail proteftama . had . ample time to Institute i
proceedings livfore the courts of Utah, which
were and are open for the prosecution of th.' '
charges mad« in the past. If the prote*tants i
have sufficient evidence they should have >■>>. '<
tablished the guilt of the member from Utan :
as to the misdemeanor charged and come here
with ■ court record and ring their charges
although the question would be debatable an
to whether the misdemeanor alleged. If proved
would Ik- sufficient to bar him from the
House; and on thai subject the member from ■
Utah has already express! his belief and pre
sented arguments. The member from .Utah
asks that he be allowed to take the oath of I
office.
INSURGENTS WHO
BECOME BOLD BANDITS
Continued from First Pace.
(table for Americans and to frighten na
tivj-s into refraining from giving assist
ance tr> the Americans as well as to eom
\>e\ the Inhabitants to support the insur
rection. Fr. (li.ntly they raid and loot
towns.
The brother r.f the President of Imus
\v. nt outride the town the oth-T da.y to
harvest BOfne ii<-e. He was captured by
his compatriots, accused of being a sp>
and executed. < inly a wnall proportion of
the Insurant arms have been surrendered
ami the problem of suppressing this guer
rilla warfare is anything but easy of so
lution. Borne f>f the American officers
think it worse than fighting Indians, ow
ing to the difficulties of the country and
the trouble in locating the enemy, who
"THE HUB"
(Chas. Keilus & Co.)
. . . Productions from almost every
prominent high-class
Exclusive ' -— - 1 — * '■
EAvIUMYv
I __ t 4 /y 1 Full-Dress Suits, Dinner and
I jrfjflflfjrfl -llf*fl/lA Theater Jackets, Albert Frock
Ill*r 11""1 1"" \J [ dUv Suits, Morning Cutaway Suits,
. O . Double-Breasted Sack Suits, Sin-
/it it ' •- ■'* "• ' g!e-Breasted Sack Suits, properly
I S^T|yiilAl*C % fashioned Trousers. . Our prices
wIV/HllCl^ are no higher. than elsewhere, our
'ii, i styles, fabrics and fit exceedingly
bi-tter.
'""'■.i'.: :iO-4'- iv weir 111 1 y. Street. •-.;
• ' ; •• t^" Southeast Corner Sutter. g ■'" - ; ".i '"y,
THI.BI.UW BIOCK.
resort when hard pressed to the amlgo
dodge and hide their guns. >' yV-1.
Some of the Americans favor the Issu
ance of a proclamation declaring all na
tives found with arms to be bandits, pun
ishable as criminals, instead of being
treated as prisoners of war. . •
Information has been received at head- I
quarters that .500. Spanish prisoners have
been shipped from VJgan to Manila and
that 1500- others- have been assembled in j
Vlgan. including General Pena. Probably
these are Spaniards released by General
Young's troops In the Bengull district,
where they were concentrated by the In
surgents. .V "•' [■> •
•\: -. •■■ ♦ .. -- ■
COGHLAN SAYS HE
MADE NO PROMISES
SEATTLE. Dec. 12 -Captain J. B. Cogh
lan, commander of the United States
cruiser Raleigh during the recent Span
ish engagement, has been since August
last commandant at the Port Orchard
naval station, a few miles from •Seattle.
When »een to-day by the Call's corre
spondent he »as %t first reluctant to
give any expression concerning the
statement recently made at Manila by
Colonel Julio dpi Rfo, a -Spanish officer,
and Senor Rafael RoselUv a merchant.
They allege that the Spanish surrender at
Ollngapoa. In Subijc Bay, was made upon
tho- express promise of Captain Coghlan
that the Spaniards should not be deliv
ered to the insurgents. Captain Coghlan
states that hIS official ' report furnished
the department at Washington tells a dif
ferent, but more correct story.
"Why." said the captain, "it's ridiculous
talking of our having made any concee
sions; there was absolutely no necessity
for a<ny. I was ordered to capture the
Island, and didn't lose any time in doing
It. Soon after we began to bombard Olin
gapoa the white flag was raised. I sent
an officer ashore and Immediate and un
conditional surrender was made to him.
We took, I think. 63T> prisoners, more than
that number of Remington rifles, a quan- ;
tity of ammunition, pistols, swords and
several cannon. I did noi go ashore and
never saw Colonel del Rio, Senor Ro
.«ello or any of the prteoncpl other than
through my glass from the ship. In con
sequence. I could give them no personal
assurance as to their future, neither did I
empower my officer to make any stipula
tions and never heard of him so doing.
In consequence there was no violation of
any agreement and I cannot see how any
claim for damages against the United
Stateß could possibly hold."
Captain Coghlan seems to think that
the eighteen months' imprisonment of the
tnlkntlve Spaniards has had the effect of j
almost entirely obliterating their recollec
tion of the actual occurrences upon the
occasion In controversy. The captain
adde.l:
"Instead of salllnp away on the evening
of the 7th and leaving the garrison prac
tically unarmed, an.l permitting the in
surgents to frequently lire upon the town,
we simply m/>vo.l about three miles out in
the bay antf anchored. We were always
in view of the town., with our searchlight
playing upvu it. We had pot then taken
the arms of the Spaniards, and I had noti
fied the Insurgents' commander that he
must not interfere, and my instructions
were obeyed. When I was ordered to
place the prisoners on board the Insurgent |
boat Fillpinas it was done on jhe morning
of the stlu by my men and In our small
boats. No assurances whatever were given
the prisoner* as to their caxe or dlspoai
tion. We didn't have to."
i aptaln Coghlan states that he never
reported that the German crul.-er Irene
slipped her cable upon the appearance of
the Raleigh and Concord in Subig Bay,
although some such rumor gained clrcula- i
tfOtt He further HtfttM that the Raleigh
was in a position to prevent the prisouers ;
from being molested, and until all had !
been taken from the island the Insurgents i
were not permitted to land.
ORGANIZED REBELLION
CRUSHED IN LUZON
WASHINGTON; : Dec. 12— The War De
partment has received ' the following
cablegram from General Otis, descriptive
of the military situation In Luzon:. .
"MANILA. Dec. 12— In Bulucan proY
ince'-th* Insurgents have been : scatter, d ■
and driven east? to the., mountains! .. Our |
casualties in that section in the last few
.days .were ten. .The Insurgent casualties
in killed, wounded and prisoners'. . aggre
gate 100. Considerable Insurgent property,
with records, arms and ammunition, has
been captured. Our troops are. now In th*«
mountains .in pursuit. The insurgents
have been driven from Subig Bay, and
the marines now occupy a naval station
there. Our "column moving west from Tar
lac Is now on the west coast of Luzon,,
where it has been supplied. It encounter
ed llttl« resistance., A column Is now :
moving west and south from Dagupan
along the roast. -There Is no concentrated
insurgent" force' of importance" in Luzon
north of Manila. Southern Luzon will not
offer any serious resistance. Troops are
co-operating in that section. Organized
rebellion no longer exists, and our troops
are actively pursuing robber bands. All
Important and threatened center* of
population in the north have been occu
pied. . -. . OTIS.
ADDITIONAL SPANISH
PRISONERS SECURED
WASHINGTON. Dor. 12 -The War Pr>.
partment has received th^> following d'<«
patch from Manila: "Two tho«»an.l a<i
dttinnat Spanish prisoners w^-r* 1 tecilfj in
Northern buson, making orer 3000 re-
Ifiod within a month. S»-ven hundred are
n"\v en route from- Vigan, nnd transports
will be sent for the remainder. OTIS."
Concepcion Captured.
MANTUA, Dec. 13.— Major March, who
destroyed Agulnaldo's bodyguard and
killed Gregorio del Pilar. his chief of staff,
has captured General Concepeton. Aguln
aldo Is a fugitive in the moantalns.
Hale*.
~4-s\+*s± • , Do « n9 nt ladles calM yesterday (eTen
STOIC •? tne raln) to consult Mrs. Reynolds on
*"^ the welfare, and comfort of their babies
M r em She Is an expert on bab; dressing and In-
IICWS £ a nt . wants. She's a graduate nurse
~ fairly bubbling over wit* new ideas for
r*A. little newcomers. Talk with her—
M I ./»♦«•, wants to see you.
Professor McCune, an «xpert embrolO
Hnla'c ""• fflvo ". les * ons '»"«• to our customers
1 let 16 5 . J. 1 " 8 week. Many beauUfvl examples of
his work on exhibition.
Santa Claus' letter box fooded every
(Christmas edition) day. And what a funny -bat^h of letters.
'i. We've over ten thousand novt
any time till sold
;"•■•• Here's a .list of lively Christmas pricelets! Who's
coming early
300 drawing slates, 5x6 In.; here's a snap for the litre tots
•«. ....., 4-. each
We have sheep on wheels, sheep says baa; when It sail that
we cut the price to . 19c
Cut on county lines, puzzle map of California;. put them to-
gether and make the State complete; gives an Idea ot trie
shape and relative size of every county.
Same of the Jilted States; were We and 75c; adopted by the
schools of San 'Francisco for Its educational value; a hummer
to-day at Hale's 25«
-Madonna medallion. Bxlo Inches; a beautiful photograph on
glass; a most appropriate Christmas gift .">c
Imitation cut glass puff box. with a beautful German silver
top;. .you. would expect to pay a dollar; until the lot is sold wl'l
give a swansdown puff and the box complete, all for 750
•Photograph albums. Bxlo Inches, prettily tinted celluloid
front, will bold 36 pictures; special lot as a leader to-day. ...6»c
only after 7 o'clock to-night
Not enough for all day, so the selling starts at seven
50 cut glass perfumery bottles, with stopper and 2 ounces of
delicate Parisian perfume, put up by Bongout. parfumeur.
Paris, Vera violet extract, a delicate little combination, on
sale after 7 o'clock Wednesday night 29c complete
300 of a better quality 39c complete
Men of war— regular Oregon, an Interesting and attractive
wooden toy for any dot; 8 dozen left, on the tables ofter 7
o'clock Wednesday night IDe
for the babies' Christmas
Infants' cloaks, new Bedford cord, with large cape: a beau-
tifully trimmed little garment, with rows of dainty silk ribbon
and gimp; thoroughly lined; a Christmas for the little ones,
at Hale's J3.00
Infants' coats, fancy Bedford cord, silk scalloped and em-
broidered cape, very wide turn-down collar, elaborately em-
broidered and trimmed with ribbon and gimp, either short or
long, sizes 6 months. 1. 2 and 3 years; a leader at Hales. $6.75
Infants' coats, very wide turn-down collar, deep ruffle cape,
extra bretelles. fancliy trimmed with ribbon and gimp, lor i or
short, a dainty little combination, at Hale's J4.60
Infants' coats, from $1 25 to 115 00 each; wonderful assort-
ments; makes choosing easy.
the famous Arnold specialties
Over 15.000 people working day and night en Arnold's
specialities and still orders are behind. ■
. Heavy flannelette lounging robes, oil boiled sateen wrist
linings, boxed Beams, beautifully made; comfort In every fold
'.: $2.75
Doment flannel skirts. an exceptionally heavy skirt, with a
crocheted, shell stitched edge: the best flannel skirt for winter
wear we have seen: flounce, yoke and pocket i...We
Flannelette dressing sack* . . „ $1.00
Ladles" Doment* night robes with feet $1.50
Note — The rain mt'rfercs with Santa's automobile
trips seriously. But look out for him when it's pleasant
weather !
'935-937 tiLMM^ ffl SanU
Market mW^^^^^ thii 8
■ -*^ store.
rcnrcwiina
i^aK»S3J_ Trl '* l euro 9° P* r cent
Mjffi'* sa ™*l(Eg)f sf all forms of kidney
sK7 J^J oomplslat and Id
f& .jPaM man Instances the
IV &£9Fi£>V*v most serious forma of
1 - T^aT / Bl^KhJ*« disease. • If
A /<t»W •" th# ißs'-ais Is com-
\ Pleated Ee£d a fout-
/^ fBtA ' ounce vial of urlac.
Ij*i]^Z~\3>z^ We will analyxe It
twj^SE3£B?VOT and ailTlne you free-
At all druggiati. 28a. a rial. Gold* to Health
sad medical sdrk-e fre«. 1303 A^ h -*^ rh .], I *j-
nih].iyimijfl_
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, |
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac- fj
tice and best equipped medical institution H
on the PaclAc Coast. Established 17 years. ■
PRIVATE HOOK and advice free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential. M
731 Market St., San Francisco. N
SIaSS VITALIS
TS^!* 9 /•ft THE NEW
M Day. UA^Jtf99a> "sic, W CDCUAU
t»-t»- i«Hh nay. »s>-^it, it men urn.
VITA MS i3Oi 30 " 10 ** jZL- DCMCnV
r Uo'ililstllK 4BOTI .Mth Day. II ill Ell II 1
RKttl'LT". llqaicklyciur«lyr*moT M gvfl
I)r»»mt,Waitin{ Di«taa*« a all tSrtt* cf «*lf abu*» or iimwi M
Jn4i«r»tlooa. RntorM lan Vitality. P.»w.r a fail.ni Xtmory.
Ward* oB ln«anitr and Contamptioii. Cor«« wh.n all other* i.l
Inalit on having VITAM S, no othef. Can bo carriwl in <m
*»ci(t. Bjr mail 91.00 mi park*** or »ix for < 5.00 with >
»nar«nt»» far* or K»Co.<l th> Boa*/. Circular fra« iddfo*
CAM MET CURE CO.. 88 Dr. r born HI., < hlra«.
Bold in San jfaactieo vi OaUaad by th* Owl bruf Co.
"XWB ffl HOi /S^K STOPPED FREE
P«^bS M \}< Permanentlj Cured trf
m El B X\ DR. KLINE'S GREAT
By 3 » NERVE RESTORER
Fr»sjH }>o Klu af.rr firttdar'i we.
Ir2pH Ccnii!tatli"\. -.*••■ aa: »r t>» mall tr«atii* anl
Han •*•* TRIAL UOTTLK FKP.R
MM to Fit palleata who par f (pretaajt oot M 4'li'"ry.
MB /Vrm<i«i«nl Curt, aol an » if irnorarr rn!»f for »J! .Vrr.
{69 «••• Dt—rdtn. Fr'.'l'-r Hna*iii< «• Vim. r>u*t.
H3DtbmtT.E(ba«tU>o. DR. R.11.UL.1XK.1.4.
■■ 0'» «»rh Street. ' "•*- oh!;. t~»**iki.
9rVVIrVV\VVVVVVVVVVVVwVVIrVVVVW
1 A. PERMANENT CURE I
!| A PERMANENT CURE j!
J i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea i '
» { 1 and Gleet, cnaranteed In from 3 to 6 C
- i , days ; no other treatment required. ! i
] i • gold by all druggists. , <
VVVVVVMrVMrVMArWVVWMrVWrVW 1
OEWEY.STRCNG &C 0. i »<?N.
Vv J
I MARKET sf?SfNSSy
OCEAN TRAVEL.
- COX?aQNII GSNEBALsTTRAHBATLAirTIQas
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAWS. 'J2z.^
Calling every Thursday Instead of CTj&D
Saturday, from November 2. IS'j9. at '»'« *
■10 a. m.. from Pier *2. North Hlver, foot of
Morton st. LA NOIUIANDIE.. Nov. Uf LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. **:*LA TOUBAINE. ?fov.
JO: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7. First-class to
Havre, ISO and. upward; 6 per cent reduction on
round trip.. Second-class to Havre. Mi S p« r
cent reduction on round* trip. •. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITE!* STATES -AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Ilroadway (Hudson building). New
Jark.-. J. •F.,F^QA^L«lvrfX),J?nacloc.. O]aat
Axenta, 6 Montgomery aye , San Francisco.
Hale*.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
' Ihs^" '•»-*» ix* % Fteamera leave Broadway
iVVrlhrsa • wharf. San rran<-ijcn;
»MJ-^*3>x For Alankan p<-rta. 1* a. at .
< tVu^Wsa I>f. 1". K. 17. Jan 1. rhaAC*
OkMsM^El to company's »team«ra at
l oH|ia- '■»"■' *- ; ' F or Victoria. Vancouver.
'*^^^S^^^H <n C). Port Tow-nK-n.l. ■•-
• attle. Tafinina Everett. Ana-
corte« and • New What com
1, 3 » "I (WaaJi.). I*. a. m.. D«e. 17.
' It — "45a4J 1 atid every fifth day thereafter:
Change at Seittl- to this company's steamers
in? Alaska and O. N. Hr at Tarorna to N. P.
Il'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. Railway
For Eureka (HumboMt nay). 2 P. m.. Dee. 15.
20. 25. 10 Jan 4. ant every fifth feth«t^Urr
" For Santa ' fir Monterey. *■■ Simeon. <_»TU-
«i" Port Harfort «San Luis Obtspo) WrlsU.
Kanta Ilarbara. Ventura. Huenen fjanPedro.
East Pan Pedro (Los A«eles> and Newport. »
aTm. Dec. M. IS. 5 M. *>. J"- «■ an<l tTtrT
f °For h 4 a n y XK a "nopplnr only at Port Har ;
ford («an Luirbbtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
LoV An«"l-i and Re<londo (Los Aniteles) U t
m ! Dec 16 *• 2*. ». Jan. I. and •v.ry fourth
Ma^dalena Pay ...n Joss 1.
-rig. M.*»tUn; Altata. LaPax. ■««• "«»*^
and Guaxm»a (Mrt-). ,W_.a. m ; . 7th of emch
m For h ' further Information obtain company's
f °The r> company reserve, the right to chan^
•without previous n©tle» steamers. savin« cate*
' TltmET orriOK -A New Montgomery
,^f- ..?sJT"->aV3sW
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
' DISPATCH FAST BTEAMEII9 TO
p>oi^ r rx J -A.KriD
From gpe*r-stre«t Wharf* at 10 a m
CADE Sl2 First ' Class Xacludln« Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meala.
(..„ r>f California. ...Ball* Dec. 4. 14. 21. Jan. 1
UvJaniNa Sails Pec. ♦. It. ». Jan %
P^SSrt Unr to Walla Walla. Spokane^ nutte.
: Helena and in all points In the Northwest.
Thr High tickets to all mints Ka*t.
uc WARI>. General Agent.
00 Market St.
GOODALU PERKINS * CO..
Buperlntendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
nv TOM. SOUTHAIirTOM. lo.hdo.i. risiv
Stoppliwat Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. It a. m.
Bt. Paul Dec. 27 Bt. Paul Jan. IT
New York Jan 1 New York Jan
1 fit. Loula Jan. M St. Louts ........Jan. XI
RED STAR LIKE.
New York an 1 Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. U noon.
! Southwark Dec. 20|Noord!and Jan 11
Westernland ...Dec T. Arag^nla Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. 3 Frle.land Jan 24
EMPIRE LINE.
• Seattle. St. Michael. Dawion City.
For full Information regarding freight aad
passage apply Is
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of IU agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
"C* »r of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai. »nd
connecting st Hongkong with steamers fon
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
AMEKICA MAR:' Thursday. De*\ 21
HONGKONG MARU Tu«»day. Jan 1«
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat«s. For
frelarht and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. 11. AVERY. OeneraJ Ag-nt.
I ®HfHHlA>!lpS Th * 8- 8 - Australia
M**bffl S. «••!» for H»r»ol» .
W^ -*-f^B 81 *'* Wednesday. Ds*. U.
M . J at 2p. n.
InH/ — T^N * " 8. Martposa saU*
MJHwB <vftnnKh|nJ *^a Honolulu and
mSSy anuJllbllllT-' Ai^kland for Srdn*r
, iffCJr (r/nptMil-. Wednesday. De«. r.
r , loiiirwiitr st i p. m.
Favorite Dm Round the Wortd. ria Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, lusa.
! England, etc. : $<!•> first class.
I. 0. SPaiCKELS & UROS.CO.. Aqt»-. niMsntflOmen
Pier7.FooiPidfieSL FrtieWo3ic«.>2* m»A,«i tx.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON..'Tues., Wed., Thurs. and sA. at tSS
. a m.. 3:15. «30 p. m. -•! Thurs. nlnhu. Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and *:30: Sundays. 10 20 a m., i
p. m Landing and office, Ml.«*lon-stre«t Dock
, Tier Km. 1. Telafhon* Main UM. . . ...: .
FAKE MoFRUIT GROWERS OF THE STATE
URGED TO POOL THEIR INTERESTS
IIPEXIXC OF
THE ANNUAL
CONVENTION
Course of Action Mapped Out
by President Elwood
Cooper.
MAXY ADVANCES MADE
Valuable Aid Has Been Given by the
Government, Especially in the
Matter of Insect Pests.
ErecUl Difpatcb to Tb« Call.
SAN JOSE. Dec 12.— The. twenty
fourth annual session of the Cali
fornia State Fruit-Grocers* Asso
ciation opened at the Unitarian
church this morning. One hundred
of the foremost horticulturists In the
State were present when President Ell
wood Cooper called the meeting to order.
Secretary B. M Lelong ■»•■ in his ac
customed place. In the audience was a
number of women.
The •■ :»••■•-•• imiv>r
tar.t one In the history of the State. The
question of tran*i«rtatl<in Is to b« Mi
ll will probably be taken by
resolution acainst the ratification of the
Jamaica treaty and the matter of organ
n taken up.
a great deal was accomrllshed to
rrow many more repre
vef from various parts of the State
"d. There was an increase at
ion session, and It Is expected
."JO will be present at to-mor
- session
The local reception committee Is looking
• of the vi«ltors. The
rants and betels are fur
«t grade of Callfoma
I an the tables during the conven
10 *hat a: . ites can sample
nty's famous product.
At th<» opening of the convention Rev.
R. A. Haskell of the Unitarian church
offered a blessing.
Professor C. W. lids of San Jose and
Judge Akin of Wrights were unanimously
chosen vice presidents and invited to
t-r-atß upon the platform.
The horticulturists were welcomed by
Judge B. O. Hurlburt of this city, repre
senting :h« general committee appointed
by the Fan Jose Grange. Farmers' Club
and Board of Trade He bade them a
r.-.rdJal welcome and said an endeavor
would be made to make their stay pleas
art. The purpose of the meeting was to
a.iopt measures for the common good of
all fruitmen. Great success had been se
■■:*OO0OOCK8MCiiOOOC«K)^
I- SPECIAL
1 ATTRACTIONS I
I FOR THIS DAY.
LADIES' ASTRACHAN CAPES, fur trimmed; value for $3; will
be placed on sale at .'. .'...:.. $1.7.'.
LADIES* ASTRACHAN CAPES, trimmed with fur and braid. 25
Inches long; worth $6.50, will be offered at 94
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, tailor made:
value for $5; will be on sale at $3
CHILDREN'S GOLF CAPES. value for 13.50; will be offered at
92.50
MISSES* GOLF CAPES, value for f5; will be placed on sale at
, 93.50
LADIES' SILK UNDERSKIRTS, value for 17.50; will be on Bale at •
• 95
LADIES' BLACK AND GRAY CORSETS, value for tl and $1.25;
will be placed on sale at .... — .... ' 50c
LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE TAILOR - MADE JACKETS,
value for IS, will be offered at $3
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS will be of-
fered at .'.....95
LADIES* AND GENTS' UMBRELLAS fr0m. ...92 up to 912.50.
LADIES' CHIFFON AND FANCY NECKWEAR fr0m.....
..50c up to 94.50 .
FEATHER BOAS In black. In white. In black and whit*. In black
and gray. In pink and white; prices from 95 to 930
OUR VALVES WILL BE FOUND AS WE REPRESENT
THEM.
J. O'BRIEN & CO,
1142-1 146 Market St.
Petween Taylor and Mason.
NEW STORE.
ALL NEW GOODS.
CONVENTION OF THE STATE FRUIT GROWERS.
cured In frult-ralslng and th« Industry i
fostered, but there were many things yet
to learn. The Bureau of Agriculture and
State Department of Agriculture had
aided greatly. The handling of fruits
must be considered. Markets were not
satisfactory. Something was wrong.
There mas a plethora of money, but
prices w;re not light. The remedy lay In
co-operation. Transportation was an
other subject to be considered. Railroad
rates wera-one degree below prohibition.
Some plan must be devised to do away
with cold storage and co-operation must
be re-sorted to to bring down rates, but
little could be expected from the Nica
ragua canal. Congressional action was so
slow. There must be a strong co-opera
tion and 'all the frultmen must work Cor
one common purpose. He denounced the
Jamaica treaty.
President Ellwood Cooper read his nn
nual address, which In part was as fol
lows:
This will be the twenty-fourth Btate Fruit
Grower*' Convention and the twentieth held
under the auspices of the State Board of Hor
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13. 1899.
tlculture. In 1892 the convention met In this i
city. Many rhinffi have taken place since I
that time. There ha* been much discourage- :
ment to fruitgrowers by reason of the financial
•imurbanceg and the Insufficient rainfall dur
ing- the j.ast three years, but notwithstanding
lhe d raw backs, great advances have been made 1
t iward solving the most Important questions I
that concern the fruit problems. Radical '
•.•hang.es must, of necessity, be slow, because j
the creat body of people In any vocation are
critical and cautious of new methods or any ]
deviation from old-tlm» customs. New condi
tions require new modes to meet them To be
successful we must adapt our methods to the
necessity that confronts u».
The greatest difficulty we have to overcome
Is a proper distribution of our fruits. This
quebtlon has been discussed at every conven
tion for the past fifteen years. At our last
meeting I recommended that agents, selected
fr->m among our fruit growers, or those con
\ersant with our fruit Interests, be empl-iyeil
to travel through the different sections where
fruli can be sold arrange with responsible mer
cantile houses to sell the fruits, to fix the
prices, to hold meetings where It may be nec
er?axy and exhibit to a certain extent what we
have for »al». give Information how to cook
the dried fruits by distributing the bulletin of
Professor Child* as published by the board a
few years ago; In other words, to educate the
people In what is to their interest, as well as to
determine the quantity that each market will
take at a fair price to the producers. To ar
range central houses In all the large markets
so as to prevent overstocking or decreased
prices. To be successful we must control the
sales and manage our own prodacts. These
agents could work In the Interests of our every
product. A small per cent of the commissions
paid would b« sufficient to meet the expense;
such a plan would give us better railroad facil
ities; competition among the common car
riers would ensure the best possible terms and
the beat time In transit, and all rebates would
! com* to the producers.
Inn McLaren. In giving his Impressions of
American character, formed on a recent visit
to the United Slates, speaks of a shadow on
American public life. The money-getting spirit
predominates, and ail men, with few excep
tions, bow the knee to the golden calf. The
lack of a high state of commercial honor seri
ously affects the public mind, and where it will
end the future alone can determine. It is the
universal opinion among fruit growers that the
best success can only be obtained by co-opera
tion, unity and concentration, and yet It has
been staled In public discussion by Intelligent
fruitgrowers that they were convinced that con
centration was Impossible. Why? There can
be only one conclusion- that Is a want of con
fidence either In our ability to sell our own
l.nxlucts. or a distrust of fair dealing by those
trusted with the management. Y<?t while we
distrust each other we trust people whom we
have never seen, and who manage our products
and gYow rich by our Industry and labor. Com
binations are not always formed for the best
interests of the producers. A close examination
will discover e|th»r a grent lack of business
tact or create a doubt as to the strict honesty
of th« rmnasrer*.
The report then referred to the organi
zation of the Walnut Growers' Associa
tion of Southern California. The associa
tions combined and fixed prices for last
year's crop. Previous to that each associ
ation fixed Its own prices. The plan of the
Walnut Association was detailed. Presi
dent Cooper 6tated he was pleased with
': the plan of the Fresno Raisin Growers'
Association.
The subject of Insect pests was treated
at length. It has received the attention
of all conventions. Great advance had
been made In combating the destructive
enemies. The San Jose scale, which
twenty years ago played terrible havoc.
Ib scarcely known to-day. I>ater the
Isyrea Purchasle. or white scale, threat
ened the citrus Industry In Southern Cali
fornia; to-day there Is not a citrus grow
er that fears the enemy. Thon the black
■eal* and purple scale were noted. It
was stated that reports from Hawaii
were to the effect that the purple scale
ha? been destroyed by a ladybug.
An agent was sent to the Islands to pro
cure colonies of this ladybug to be distri
buted In the Infected districts. Only a
few specimens could be obtained and the
problem had to be solved by propagating
the specimens sent here.
Te referred to an address made years
, ago at Fresno, In which It was urged
that a sufficient appropriation be made
and special bureaus be established as
l>art of the State Board of Horticulture
for Investigation of predaceous Inserts
and parasites. Recently a worm, like the
army worm, has been destroying alfalfa
fields by thousands of acres in the Middle
West; also of the attack on beetflelds. It
Is possible that the worm may reach here
and cause great loss to the sugar beet
Industry and also to alfalfa fields of the.
San Joaquln Valley.
Codlln moth Is probably more generally
distributed through the L'nited States
than any other fruit pest, and no doubt
. causes greater loss than any other post.
In many places the. growing of apples and
pears has been abandoned on account of
Ft. yet not a dollar has been appropriated
to Investigate or to search for a possible
i enemy to keep It In check.
The report continued:
When nature plants a forest eh« makes no
mistakes. Sho plants th« right trees In the
right place: flowers, animals, bulbous root*,
flowering shrubs and vines all flourish tn th«lr
beauty and grandeur. No enemies. Insects or
brute animals materially disturb It, at l»ast
until Invaded by man. If we wish to succeed
we must follow rature and maintain the utno
balance as created.
The Stale board has available 57500 to be
1 spent In tlie search for the enemies of the
' destroyers of our fruits. W« have an a«rr.t.
Qapfgl Cumpere. now traveling with Albert
X •bet*, who Is In the service of the Hawaiian
■ Government. Compere had been heard from
iat Suva. FIJI, on October 19 last He had
made sever*! discoveries, and I am very hop«>
: ful that some Important finds will b« the re
sult of his trip It Is the Intention of the
I president, providing the other Commlsi>!iin*r«
i ajrre« to It, to mind Com[>ei> to Southern
Europe to search for the parirtte of the cod
; lln moth. It has been an*ert<>d that tn South
ern France, where the codlin moth Is always
present. It ha* been kept In check by Its
natural enemy. This Information was pub
lished by the State Board nearly twenty years
I ago.
Food adulteration was touched on but
, as It was on the programme, for dlscus
! aion the president stated he would not »o
1 Into it fully. He had hoped for legislation
to protect the producer*, but no relief had
yet been secured. The combination of
1 capital interested In this dishonest and
profitable business seems to be too great.
j He said representatives of Eastern agrl
l cultural collaarfts had reported that there
had been discovered a rock In North Caro
lina that was ground Into powder to mix
with wheat flour and that whole train
loads had been shipped from North Caro
lina to adulterate flour. There does not
appear to be anything that escapes adul
teration or being tampered with by swind
ler?.
The supply of water would be discussed
on the Moor and a great deal would be
learned from the experience of others.
President Cooper nad not changed his
views on railroads In seven years and re
ferred to his report of that time.
He urged the protection of forests. lie
said it was very gratifying to know that
our Government Is being rapidly educated
up to this subject. Several tracts had
recently been reserved. Their destruction
would reduce the water supply. The
pasturing of sheep and cattle is destroy
ing the young growth of bush.?* and
trees. If this Is allowed to continue God
only knows what will be the result to the
■valleys below. In former years It required
from live to six Inches of rainfall to make
flood water and which usually ran clear.
Now one or two inches of heavy rain
comes down in floods, bringing mud and
sand, and it runs off and flows into the
ocean. Twice as much rain falls in the
mountains as In the valleys. The thicket
preserves this rainfall and fortifies the
mountain streams, which give us water
during the summer and fall months.
I recommend that this convention pass reso
lutions asking Congress to pats an act with
drawing from settlement for homes all the
mountain lands not r<"cupled In the Stata of
California, and restricting the devastation
caused by prospecting for mineral wealth and
fcr mining purposes.
The Agricultural Department has reoently
taken great Interest In the culture of the < It
ron. It Is brought Into the United States and
pickled and processed here so as to avoid Im
port duty. The department has made arrange
ments to Drocet>s our product both In New
York and Chicago, and they ask for shipments
of not less than 100 pounds of the California
varieties so. as to ascertain If It Is equal to
the foreign product, and establish the ratal
of the product for us.
The Quarantine Officer will make a report
of the work of his department.
The president's address was referred to
a committee consisting of J. R. Lewis. of
San Jose. w. P. Cragen of San Jose and
Henry Stabler of Tuba.
Alfred Barston was appointed assistant
secretary.
Professor Chllds stated that an effort
would be made during the convention to
organize the prune growers of Santa Clara
fes'sor Childs stated that an effort
1 be made during the convention to
ilze the prune growers of Santa Clara
Valley. To-morrow he will read a paper
on the subject and give the true status
of affairs.
Edward Berwick of Monterey County
stated that he would make a report at
the afternoon session regarding the work
of the committee in securing reports of
foreign fruit markets from the United
States Consuls. . ■
The subject of the codlln moth' was
brought up and discussed. Some half
dozen remedies were suggested. The dis
cussion became general. The paris green
solution was ventilated, Professor wood
worth of Berkeley. Edward Berwick and
I others participating.
Horticultural Commissioner Dakin of
Santa Cruz spoke of his success with a
moth cellar, wnera the affected apples had
been placed. One season from 4000 to 5000
moths had been destroyed.
Mr. Motheral of Kings County spoke
of bats in the foothills of Kings County
! that destroyed the codlln moths. This
i brought on a full discussion of the bat
question. Secretary Lelong stated had
I thoroughly investigated it. At the Hatch
; ranch, near Biggs, he killed 200 bats and
; examined them, but had failed to find the
i least trace of the moths In their stomachs.
There were also advocates of the burlap
I band around trees as being able to collect
I the moths, when they could be destroyed.
Mr. Cutler of Sacramento stated that
the law had been Invoked In his county
to rid the infested orchards of the pest.
The owners had refused to spray and they
had been arrested for maintaining nuis
ances. A number of convictions had been
made. . _
State Quarantine Officer Craw Joined in
the discussion.
At the afternoon session President Ell
wood Cooper announced the appointment
of the following committees:
On resolutions— H. Aiken of
| Wrights. T. A. Rice of El Rio. Alfred
Barstow of San Jose. John Markeley of
Sonoma. John Rock of Nlles.
On legislation— Professor C. W. Childs
of San Jose. Q. W. Hutchlns of Marys
vine H. P. Stabler of Yuba City, Judge
J. R. Lewis of San Jose. li. N. Rowley
of San Francisco.
On marketing. transportation and
freight rates— R. D. Stephens of Sacra
mento. A. D. Cutts of Live Oak. Edward
Berwick of. Pacific Grove. A. Block of
Santa Clara. Professor D. T. Fowler of
Berkeley. A. 11. Naftzger of Los Angeles.
M. Thomas Kearney of Fresno, F. M.
Rlchter of Campbell. Frank N. Buck .pf
Vacavllle.
Standing committee on transportation—
R D. Stephens of Sacramento, Alexander
Gordon of Fresno, A. Block of Santa
Clara W. N. Gladden of Healdsburg. N.
W. Blanchard of Santa Paula.
Assistant Secretary Barstow read the
report of H. Welnstock. the president
and general manager of the Fruit Grow
ers* and Shippers" Association, on the sea
son's operations of the organization. It is
I as follows:
The importance of widely distributing Cali
fornia fruits In the largest number of Eastern
markets and avoiding gluts in a few large cen-
I ters seems to be keenly appreciated by growers
and shippers, as evidenced by the larger ship
ments this year to smaller markets, and the
opening of new • markets In Interior places—
which In the report, are grouped under the
heading "minor points"— thus, in the Interest
of the grower, preventing the gluts so common
before the creation of this association. The
consignments to foreign: markets have also
greatly Increased— from forty-two cam shipped
by rail In IS3« to England alone- to 124 cars In
18J9. shipped to England. Scotland, Germany
and' Mexico. , *
I In the early spring It was the opinion of the
best Informed growers and shippers that the
largest yield of fruit California ever produced
would be harvested this year, but the lav frost,
wind and rain proved dlsaKtrous'to the cherries
and apricot*, and the early rains and unfavor
able conditions to the grapes. The shipments of
peaches, however, were double that of any year
since 1894. The shipment of plums and prunes
Increased 63 per cent over last year. The ship
ment of apples decreased nearly 10 per cent,
I while the shipment of • pears during the past
I four year* has varied but slightly. The total
shipments of 1899 exceed those of 1898 by ISO
cars— an increase of S7 per cent.
The California Fruit Gorwes' and Shipper*
Association has continued to successfully carry
on the work delegated to It by the growers as
sembled In convention In ISM. maintaining
union auction rooms at each Eastern auction
point, free and open to all buyers, thus getting
all th« buyers and all the fruit under one roof
at one time, and thereby securing the very
highest market price for the fruit. The bureau
of Information has continued the publication
of the dally bulletin, giving In tabulated form
the report of the railroad companies, of the
dally Eastern fruit shipments and the destina
tion of the cars. While the bulletin Is not ail
that could be desired, and It can hardly be
hoped that It can be made perfect, yet it has,
even In Its imperfect state, proved of great
value to the grower and shipper, by giving
them approximate Information of the daJl>
shipments, the varieties of fruit going forward
and the date of their probable arrival In the
Eastern markets. Since the Issuance of the
daily bulletin, the glutting of Eastern markets
has been of rare occurrence, of short duration
and attributable solely to local causes. "
Edward Berwick made an oral report
on the Nicaragua canal. He stated th«
work was still dragging along. The canal |
was necessary. The Government Is still
making- surveys of the muchly surveyed
canal. He advised strong co-operation
and wanted all to use their Influence with
our Senator and Congressmen to work for
th© canal. The report wu received and
the committee continued.
Mr. Berwick also reported for th« com
mittee on securing market report! from
United States Consuls abroad. He told
of the difficulty he had had. and of the
many short and curt replies he had re
ceived from the office of the Secretary of
State. His persistent efforts had been re
warded, however, and now there were ■.
prospects of the matter being attended to.
Secretary Wilson had notllied Mr. Ber
wick that if he would only Just state what
he wanted the request would surely bo
granted. The report was received and the
committee continued.
The committee on organization, trana
portatif#i etc.. reported through Its chair
man. R. 1). Stephens. It follows:
The committee met Immediately after the
recess taken by the convention and organized
by the election of Alexander Gordon of Fresno
as chairman and H. P. Stabler tif Yuba City
as secretary.
Several gentlemen appeared before the com
mittee with plans for organization, which
plans were considered In detail by the com
mute*.
Resolved. That we advise the immediate or
ganization of a Fruit Urovrer*' Association *,t
Northern California. The purposes of :hl» or
ganization shall be to establlrl. a car line or
any other method of securing transportation
relief and to facilitate the profitable marketing
of oui fresh and dried deciduous fruit.
The report was adopted and the committee
was constituted as follows: W. R. Fountain,
Newcastle; V, C. Nlles. I'enrjn: E. I. (Minn.
Sacramento; W. E. Lovdal. Sulsun; F. A.
Chadbourne. Sulsun. and R. U. Stephens. Sac
ramento. . _ 
The committee organized by electing K. L
Stephens chairman. F. C. Nlles secretary ana
E. A. Galvln treasurer. ".
The committee Immediately entered upon the
discharge of the duty for which It was created,
find after thorough consideration unanimously
adopted the following plan: The executive
committee chosen by the recent convention of
fruit growers of California to perfect such a
plan of organization as should result In pro
moting their best Interests and securing their
release from the prevent method of fruit trans
ition and marketing that threatens to In
volve them In disastrous loss. If not financial
ruin has given most careful if not financial
has given most careful consideration to
the whole subject and has reached this unani
mous conclusion: , .
First— That the fruit growers organize ror
mutual protection.
Second-That the fruit growers form a cor
poration for the purpose of owning and operat
ing a refrigerator car line.
Third-That the fruit growers organize for
the purpose of marketing their fruits and fruit
ll Fourth-In doing which they will be allowed
the utmost liberty In the disposal of their
fruit, either by selling for spot cash at land-
InK point, through our own representatives In
the large cities or through Messrs. Porter cr
Earl, or any agent whom the grower or ship
per designates.
For the purpose of organizing the growers
the committee will of organizing the growers
committee will hold meetings in all the
fruit sections of the Sacramento and San Joa-.
■«ju.n valleys and all other fruit sections In the
central and northern part of the State The
first meeting will be held at Newcastle on
Thursday evening. June 1. to be followed by
a meeting at Suisun on Saturday afternoon,
and another at Vacavllle In the evening of the
"The committee did all In Its power to bring
about an organization of the fruit growers of
the State as outlined by the convention, but
has failed bo far to accomplish the desired re
sult. It found that It was antagonized by men
representing millions of dollars whose Interests
are diametrically opposed to those of the
The failure to perfect an organization of the
The failure to perfect an organization or tne
growers may be attributed to the following:
Apathy on the part of some, who permitted
others to think for them. *
Jealousy on the part of others, who fear that
tholr neighbors may be more benefited through
the organization than themselves.
Dissension among growers caused by differ
ence of opinion as to how to proceed In organ
izing and upon what plan.
Intimidation controls the actions of many,
who are given to understand that any action
on their part to In any way aid the movement
being made to organize might result In mate
rially Impairing their personal Interests.
Crop mortgages prevent Independent action
on the part of the mortgagees.
Concession made to growers In the way of
rebate on commissions, so much per package,
or In any way that would be satisfactory to the
parties Interested.
Selfishness on the part of many who desire to
sell to one or the other of the great commis
sion and shipping organizations, the opportu
nity for which was offered through the agita
tion being made In favor of organizing the
growers for the purpose of marketing {heir
products.
Such men would say: "Tou are all right; go
ahead; we are with you. but we have a lot of
fruit we wish to sell f. o. b , and are now ne
gotiating to that end. When we have sold we
will be with you heart and soul and do all we
can to aid In building up an organization that
will better protect their Interests than has been
done In the pact. In the meantime, however,
do not for the world abandon the effort to
bring about a perfect and complete organiza
tion of the State."
A report was also . read from Mr.
Stephens, showing the negotiations that
had been conducted between the commit
tee and the railroad in regard to the es
tablishment of a line of refrigerator car*.
The matter was discussed very little,
and then went over till to-morrow morn-
Ing for discussion.
The rest of the afternoon was given up
to discussion. Able remarks were made
by Judge Lewis on th« Nicaragua canal.
He said the work should be demanded,
and In Its completion he saw the salva
tion of the Pacific Coast and especially
the fruit interests.
The following resolutions regarding the
Nicaragua canal were adopted:
Whereas, A half century has already been de
voted .to a succession of surveys by various
commissions, without any decisive steps being
taken toward actual construction, and
Whereas The Nicaragua Canal Commission,
headed by Admiral Walker, has reported favor
ably as to the entire feasibility of such con
struction, at a reasonable outlay, and
Whereas. The prosperity of the whole agricul
tural and horticultural Interests of the Pacific
Coast Involving many millions of dollars annu
ally, depends In the future on improved trans
portation facilities, therefore be It
Resolved. That this convention of th» fruit
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR WELL PEOPLE.
An Easy Way to Keep Well.
It Is easy to keep well If we would only
observe each day a few simple rules of
health.
The. all Important thing is to keep the
stomach right, and to do this It is not
necessary to diet or to follow a set rule
or bill of fare. Such pampering simply
makes a capricious appetite and a feeling
that certain favorite articles of food must
be avoided.
Professor Wiechold gives pretty good
advice on this subject. He says: "I am
68 years old and have never had a se-
rious Illness, and at the name time my
life has been largely an Indoor one, but
I early discovered that the way to keep
healthy was to keep a healthy stomach,
not by eating bran crackers or dieting of
any sort; on the contrary. I always eat
what my appetite craves, but for the past
eight years I have made It a dally prac-
tice to take one or two of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal and I at-
tribute my robust health for a man of
my age to the regular daily use of Stu-
art's Tablets.
"My physician first advised me to use
them because he said they were perfectly
harmless and were not a secret patent
medicine, but contained only the natural
digestives, peptones and diastase, and af-
ter using them a few weeks I haVe never
ceased to thank him for his advice.
"1 honestly believe the habit of taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals Is
the real health habit, because their use
brings health to the sick and ailing and
preserves health to the well and strong."
Men and women past DO years of age
! need a safe digestive after meals to In-
sure a perfect digestion and to ward off
disease, and the safest, best known nnd
most Widely used Is Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
They are found In every well regulated
household from Maine to California and
in Great Britain and Australia are rap-
Idly pushing their way, Into popular fa-
vor.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, full sized packages at 60 cents,
and for a weak stomach a 50-cent pack-
age will often do fifty dollars' worth of
goo<* : • I
NINE YEARS IN PRISON
FOR SANTIAGO MORPHY
Embezzler Convicted and Sentenced at the
Mexican Capital After a Trial Last
ins: Many Weeks.
CITY OF MEXICO. Dec. 12 —Santiago Morphy. a young man of good
family, who was a trusted clerk of the National Hank <»f Mexico and robbed
the bank of $70,C00, has been sentenced, after a long trial, to nine years In
prison. The case attracted much attention, for Morphy fled after the rob
bery to the United States, was caught by American detectives in New Or
leans, escaped from Mexican officers sent to bring him back here and w«a
finally rearrested in Kan«as City. Influence had been brought to bear to
save Morphy from his fate, but the law took Its course
Santiago Morphy. or "Mexican Murphy." as he was called, became a
well-known character at the local racetrack last winter. His betting opera
tions were quite heavy, although it Is surmised that when here he had re
maining but a small portion of the $70,000 he is alleged to have embezzled in
Mexico. Morphy claimed to have lost considerable money. Jewelry and
clothing in the Baldwin Hotel fire. He made numerous friends among horse
men. When he was arrested by detectives In New Orleans, several friends
came to his assistance and succeeded In kidnaping him from the officers He
remained in hiding for a time, but was eventually recaptured. Morphy was
regarded as a "pretty square" sort of a fellow, and many <>f the acquaint
ances he made here were loth to believe the charges against him.
growers of California moat urgently petition*
the Congress of the United States to proceed
at one* to enact such legislation as will enable
the Government of the United Star.- to proceed
to the Immediate construction of the Nicaragua
canal, upon the basis of the Walker commis
sion.
Professor Childs spoke of the unorgan
ized state of prune growers of Santa
Clara Valley. He wanted the help of the
convention to organize them.
John Markeley or Sonoma spoke along
the same line. He said co-operation and
organization were the only remedies. *
Alexander Gordon of Fresno spoke of
the success of the Raisin Growers* Asso
ciation.
Principal McNaughton of the State Nor
mal School addressed the convention,
asking the members to visit the Normal
School during the week.
Adjournment was then taken until 9:30
o'clock to-morow morning.
The State Association of County Horti
cultural Commissioners met this evening.
President George P. Hall of San Diego
presided and Harry P. Stabler of Yuba
City acted as secretary.
The quarantine of Imported fruit trees
was discussed. A. H. Naftzger favored a
i law that will prevent the distribution In
this country of trees that bear simply
certificates of Inspection of foreign offi
cials. Objection was made to the pro
posed national legislation that will exempt
stock from Inspection by State authori
ties.
E. T. Adams, N. W. MotheraJ. Quaran
tine Officer Craw and W. H. Alken Joined
in the discussion. A committee was ap
pointed to report upon a form of a revised
, bill at the meeting to-morrow evening.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Fancy Ink Stands. Writing Sets, Desk
Pads, Gold Pens and Calendars make ac
ceptable and useful Cnnstmas presents
for a gentleman. For sale by Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
■» ■ ■
CHILD ASSAULTED
BY A PHRENOLOGIST
"Professor" George E. Jones on Trial
in Woodland on a Serious
Charge.
WOODLAND. Dec. 12— A man profess
ing to he a phrenologist and Riving the
name- of George E. Jones, was charged In
the Justice's Court this morning with
criminally assaulting Orpha Motz, an 11
year-old girl.
Jones called at the Motz home last Sun
day nnd agreed to make a phrenological
examination of the child. He Insisted that
he be left alone with her. When the ex
amination was over he hurriedly pocketed
Mfc % Double
W, S breasted
k' ue serge
/ S3CK SUILS
■*^ i^ afifc But they - are not ordi *
l ~~JL jffi A' xiMHr nary IO suits *
V ou would be wiping
\ v^^^iF to pay $i? if you did not
\^C^ .U| know that we would sell
Ss^&B&Z'sjKl them for $io.co.
M^R Vllll We apologize for the low
V \lttvNWV\\fW price * but the suits need
rfiSi p^ :^^ We made lhe suits our "
JGlr l\l^( selves — took good fast
KM tP^ll colored material and strove
Ey l^^^l to make stylish, dressy
KW i^Wl clothes at a low price.
4Um k^^l c tn * n^ we aye sue "
rTßjr jil^4 ---=- ceeded — we judge so from
■ /gsi^g^@gjl||jfe|ig; what people say who see
'^&r^ the suits an<^ ow reac * ilv
' they buy them.
•' Boys' Reefer Top Coats.
Made of cheviot and astrakhan, ages 3 to 8 years, former prices Si, S<
and 56; all now reduced to ..- 53.85
From now until Christmas we give free with every suit or overcoat In
this department any of these toys: ball and bat, wagon, tool chest, popgun
or humming top. /; ■.-;*"■ :" •<-.■ f. 1 ;
( • '- '
All children visiting this departmnt accompanied by parents will receive
a box of candy free.
Out-of-town orders filled: write us for illustrated catalogue Ho. 1.
S.N.Wood&Co.
718 Market Street
his f»-e and left the house. The child wa<
found in tears a f»-w minutes later and
th« lacerated condition of her body bore
out the story which she told A Jury has
lifcn Impaneled to try the phrenologtot.
CHECKS LAND FRAUDS
IN THE OIL DISTRICTS
WASHINGTON,' Dec. 12.—Representa
tive Needham to-day called on the Con*
mlssloner of the Land Office to more ef
fectually stop alleged frauds In Tiettln*
titles to oil lands in San Joaquln Vail': .
in addition to the order heretofore made
withdrawing from entry lands which have
been described in letters and telegrams.
Mr. Needham succeeded In getting tho
department to issue another order requir
ing the locators of these lands, who are
attempting to get title thereto with forest
reserve script, to publish notice of their
location in the nearest newspaper, and
also requiring such locators to aftlrxna*
lively prove that lands so taken are ag
ricultural In their character, and not min
eral. The department will hold that th!»
order is retroactive. This order will placu
the burden upon the script men of prov
ing that these lands are agricultural
rather than mineral, and under this order
this must be done after the publishing
of the notice.
Mr. Needham contends that this order
and the holding of It to be retroactive
effectually puts a stop to these alleged
frauds, and he feels greatly elated. Th*
land lawyers here In Washington who
represent script men are violently pro
testing, but Mr. Needham feels assured
that the order will not be revoked.
RUNAWAYS ARRESTED.
WOODLAND. Dec 12 -Walter Hanrey.
Ernest Monterlchard and Joe Moon*).
three runaway boys, were brought her*
to-day by Officer Klndelon and charged
with breaking Into a car with Intention la
commit petty larceny.
The boys left home a few days ago with
the intention of seeing the world. Their
money soon became exhausted and the>*
broke open a car loaded with sh<-e«=
one appropriating a pair They were ar
rested at Oakland and will be tried her<v
Jason Convicted.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 11— Antone Jaann.
the 15-year-old boy of Tomales who «t.i
charged with criminally assaulting Mr«
Minnie White, wan convicted by a Jury
in the Superior Court to-day of strap!*
assault. The evidence was riear. but th»»
jury was lenient with the defendant on
account of his. youth. Sentence will r>«
pronounced by Judge Angelottl next Mon
day.
34
Moflfatt Breaks an Arm on Gardiner.
Knockouts in San Francisco Club.
MOFFATT
PLAYS IN
BAD LUCK
Coses His Fight With George
Gar: iner by Breaking
His Arm.
■pSeU Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec 12-Jack MofTntt of
Chicago was ringularly unfortunate to-
Xilght in his bout with George Gardinrr
of Lowell, Mass.. at the Broadway Ath
letic Cluf). MofTatt had all the bettor of
the argument up to the mMdle of tho sev
enth round, when he broke hl.s left tor«
ann in swinging for tlardiner. who
blocked the bl<»w with his elbow.
M..; :*:.t: kept on fighting with his right,
his left lumglng useless by his sld«». but
<JarJlr.fr wrh unable to land a knockout
blow, despite the fact that his manager.
Tom ORourkc. cried tn him repeatedly
to go in and end it.-
When M«'ffatt went to his corner he told
the referee that hi* arm was brokon.
White examine.! the Injured member and
when the bel lrang for the beginning of
the eighth round both men ?tejiped to the
cantor of th« ri:ig and white went be
tween them, neither having shaped for the
renewal of hostilities. The referee then
j.nnouneed that Moffatt was unable to
continue and declared Gardiner the win
r.cr.
GATHERING
OF LEAGUE
MAGNATES
■
KETO YORK. Dec 12. -To-day marked
the beginning of the annual winter meet
ing of thu N. .!!'■:. al "ball Leapru« at
the Ft f tli Avenue Hotel. Armed for an
especially bitter attack the members were
&!1 on hand, but so much ■ Be was con
tained by the board of arbitration that
the League only met to carry out the re
</.;r. ::..;.•- of the constitution and Im
mediately adjourned.
Not in years—not Fince the end of the
famous Brotherhood light— has a League
int-t-tinK been fraught with s»o much im
portance as the one Just begun. For
wetks pafct there has been no end of lob
bying and wirepulling iunonc the \ - arlous
cluh owners for the avowed purpose of
reducing the circuit and purifying the
t.ntlonul game.
Several of th(* minor league teams were
represented to-day. It is not believed
probabla that the proposed scheme for a
reduction in the League circuit will go
through. The situation as summed up by
one of the I'asK-bail men to-night was to
this tffect:
"I.«oul.*\ ille and Cleveland will sell on
Fair terms. Wanner wants big money for
l:i« franchise in Washington and the
Hrooklyn-ltaltimore syndicate* wants the
earth i<t the Oriole franchise. \\ no Is
iroing to put up all this money— the
league? Will. I hope not."
For more than five hours to-day the
members «>x the national board of arbitra
tion argued ;t« to the merits of the SVrig
l>y controversy, in which the Now York,
Kronklyu and Syracuse clubs are in
volved. At the conclusion of the confer
i nee It was announced that a resolution
had been adopted declaring that the Syra
ruse Club had no right to. control A\ rig-
Iry's «rrvir«-s after his contract had ter
minated with that club. In a word, the
action of t lie board of arbitration was a
Mow at the minor league clubs, as fills
ruling means that any National league
tlub may take the players of the minor
league club a: the end of their season,
which i» one month earlier than that of
the big league, and try them out without
paying any money consideration to the
rliib to which the player Is under reserve.
Yht* f«ct that th« minor league clubs may
t>e dickering with -another club for the
tale of th* player makes no difference.
The Wrigley •■-.•- a three-cornered
ore between New York,, Brooklyn and
Syracuse. At the conclusion of the East
rrn Ixarue t-eason \\*rig>y signed to
Snlfh the M-ason with New V ork. A few
flays later he was Hold by the Syracuse
!T.il> to Brooklyn and acting under the
idvlr*- of PYesl*>nt Powers Wrigley went
to Brooklyn and finished the season.
To-morrow the board of directors will
roni=i»l<r the apneal made by the New
York <*lub to have the Brooklyn manage
ment disciplined for playing Wrigley
when lie had Mgned th* New York con
tract. What will be done Is problematical.
Sudden Death of George Reynolds.
George Reynolds, proprietor of the Cali
fornia Acid Works, on the San Bruno
road, while on his way with Oeorge Mil
lei to inspect some land in Contra Costa
County, dropped dead it Stesjs station
yesterday. Tli<* "Incased resided with his
family at 241»» Howard street, and was ap
parently In the ln-st of hoalth when he
left his h'>me yesterday morning. Th»
body was removed to Martinez, where an
lnquc«t was hH.i by* th« Coroner, after
which th<* body was brought to this city
!• care of Mr. Miller.
I J
TJ
od a y
Every customer gets a doll free; no
matter whether the purchase amounts
to 25 cents or $25. This is our San
Francisco Store's annual doll day
J
d dolls given away between these
hours: 9 a.m. to 11 a. m.; 2 p.m. to
5 p. m.; 7:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m.
jR The O\Vl Drug Co fit
•--__ '
LATEST SPORTING EVENTS.
BACKERS OF
MORRISSEY
FELL HARD
Finished Third at Short
Odds — Malay a Crack
Mudlark.
The Celtic-named horse Pat Monissey
is not the public Idol he w:u» up to the
time of the last event at Tanforan yester
day. In the sloppy going and with Gey
ser out of the way it looked smooth sail
, ing for the Burns x Waterhause entry.
'Die talent considered it a good place to
purloin a few dollars more from the
books, and the I to :> and 1 to 2 hung up
looked like falling heir to something. It
was the general supposition that King
Carnival didn't fancy damp traveling, and
h« created Mm little surprise by taking
th» lead at the sum. and. never relinquish
ing It, led Moringa out a neck in I:3^.
Tho favorite ran in second position for a
way, when he gave the chaee up, finish
ing third. Beven to two was laid against
the winner.
In the other events decided first choices
snowed first at the wire on three occa
sions. The Lady, chimura and Malay
scoring at short odds.
I>ouis Bxell'i Kingston filly. The Lady,
looked way and above the best in the
opening scramble, the book* holding her
a 1 to 3 -■!...■• Coining from fourth
l>lace three furlongs from home she
downed Prestojne with ease. Barney
Schrelber'f Fine Shot ran third.
Aluminum, also from the Schrelber sta
ble, captured tho six furlong run follow
ing at odds of 6to 1. Bullman had th» leg
up and was in front from the start. In a
hard drive Conlev, astride the 15 to 1 shot
Rosalbra. took the place from Panamlnt.
the favorite, by a neck.
Corrtgan's mure Chimura mot a cheap
band of platers in the mile selling run.
and the 6 to .'. laid looked a long price.
When Ziska an<l St. Apolllnarls had shot
their bolts Vlttltoe, on the first choice,
moved up. winning with ease from Jolly
Briton, an M pounder and 10 to 1.
Tho students all figured Malay, with 99
pounds In the saddle, a "pipe" for the
mile and a quarter event, with Marcato.
Meadowthorpe. Forte and Caadale to beat.
The calculation proved entirely correct.
for after Vittitoe had taken dangerous
liberties with the little brown gelding the
first half mile he headed Marcato in the
third quarter and won cleverly by a
couple of lengths. The last-named horse
finished two length? in advance of Mead
owthorpe for the- place.
At odds of 4 to : Imperious turned out
to be easy gam* 1 for Wyoming In the fifth
number over a mile. Pullman. astride
Galen Brown's horse, never let the first
choice get far In the lead, and going to
the front nt the far turn won with con
siderable to spare. Imperious had hi*
hands full to beat Montanus for second
place.
' TRACK NOTES.
Vlttltoe was successful on all three of
the mounts he accepted.
"Alike" Hennessy. the clever all-round
rider, arrived from the East Monday
night after a successful season on the
Eastern tracks.
To-Day's Entries.
First rare— Five furlongs; two-year-olds ;
r>ur*e:
... Tuthlll 103; 49« Floridnn 110
«:« Tanoka I<W M Giro 113
M Antoln»*tta. 11l 404 AllMina 115
*'>.■ Bohardlne 10ii 3S» Juletto 110
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; •filing:
421 Mon<la SO! 425 Taruba HI
yj. Rlrardo 93| 411 O'Connor 90
441 It many 901 2«7 Magnus 1M
411 Mainstay <•- 4^' Bloom's Chance. 93
Third race— One and an eighth mile*; hurdle;
celling:*
4C Major 6 113 (445)GranKer 154
44: Una Colorado Ui 4«: Monlta 115
4l€ Fl Fi 137 445 J. O. C 137
Fourth race — On* and a sixteenth miles; three
yenr-nM* and upward: •►i!in«:
449 Owyhee 94 , 4'<S Coda to
4T.9 TUnitmaeter M 4".' Tom Calvert 55
449 mtiance 87 4.'.2 Dare II 10«
4»? Ttapido: 9f. <K9>Cyrtl «M 1
«44rtiL*nn M 444 Daisy F 100
4Ss Ulm 87;
Fifth race— mile; Tanforan nakes; two
y^ar-oiJs: J1200:
143 Punelio .... y^ 447 Wall*nsteln 97
40» cvi Bill 1« 427 A-lvance Guard.. llo
<43ommdoo Princess. y :•- I.tmerlck 104
4:6 Jolly Briton Sli |
Flxth race— Six furlr.ngs; three-year-olds and
upward: pelllnc: H
457 Marcato 107; ... Montgomery ....107
459 Mike Rice 104 ... Don Quixote 104
4:f> Ulo Chlco . M 447 Sweet William.. <>:.
<M Sybarls 85 447 Montallade 95
Selections for To-Day.
First rare— Fieri Jan. Giro, Allenna.
Pecond r»xe— Monda, PJesrdo, Tarulia.
Third raoe— Major S. Granger. Fl Fi.
Fourth race— Daley X. . Cyril. Calvert.
Fifth rac»— Advance Guard. Sunello, Bomis
Bill. ■ > .
Elxth r«x»— Marcato, Don Quixote, Montgom
fry.
TIIE SAN THAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1809.
OWNER OF
GEORGE LEE
IN TROUBLE
Suspended With Jockey Shep
ard by the New Orleans
Stewards.
Special Dlspatrh to The C*U.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 12.— The decision
in the handicap to-day was unpopular.
' many thinking that Trillo had won. The
! horse had made all the running, and.
! coming down the stretch, Mitchell eased
i him up. Prince Blazes, the favorite,
I gained so fast, however, that within a few
I yards of the wire Mitchell started to ride
| again. Prince Biases finished on the In
; Bide and Trillo on t)u> outside of the track
j and the Judges placed the former first.
i The stewards to-day suspended a. J.
Wallace, owner and trainer of the horse
George I^ee, pending an investigation of
; the running of the horse on December 9
, and 12. Jockey Shepard. who rode the
horse in those races, was suspended under
similar conditions. The weather was fine
• and the track heavy and lumpy. Results:
Six and one-half furlongs— [stand Prince won.
David tecond. Volamlles third. Time. 1:2 V,.
Six furlongs— Sara Fuller won. Dissolute sec
: ond. Elderlm third. Time. 1:21H
1 Selling, one mile and seventy yards— TUlle W
' won. Good Order second, Walkenshaw third.
' Tim.'. l:te\±.
Handicap, one Prince Blazes won. Trillo
second. Compensation third. Time. 1:47%.
One and one-elfrluh miles— Laureate won.
Bright Night second. Donna Rita third. Time,
2:04.
AMONG THE CRACK GOLFERS.
Contestants Reduced to Four, Who
Will Play in the Semi-Final
Round.
The second round of the tournament for
the open championship of the Oakland
and San 7/ranclsco golf clubs, the open-
Ing game of which was played last Satur
day, was completed yesterday on the Pre
sidio links. John 'I-awson of the Bur
lingame Country Club defeated W. Pierce
Johnson of the Oakland Golf Club, •; up
and 4 to play; A. 13. Goodwin defeated S.
L. Abbot Jr., h up and I to play. On
Sunday Charles Page beat Lieutenant W.
G. Miller, 5 up, 4 to play, and E. Conde
Jones of the Los Angeles Country Club
defeated R. M. Fitzgerald of the Oakland
Golf Club, 7 up, I to play. The number
of contestants has now been reduced to
four, who will play In the semi-tlnal
round, matched as follows: John Lawsnn
against Charles Page and 11. B. Goodwin
against E. COl le Jones. The two winners
will play in the final round on Saturday.
Each of the four players who have
reached the seml-llnal round will win one
c'f the four prizes offered for the tourna
ment.
ROBINSON SAYS HE
IS A GOOD THING
WOULD NOT PROSECUTE WOMEN
HE HAD ARRESTED.
Made His Money Er.sy at Manila and
Slew It in on One Hot Old
Time.
Charles S. Robinson, late of Manila, re
fused yesterday morning In the Police
Court to prosecute the women, Mrs. Mad
eline Allison and -Mi.-. May Burns, whom
he had caused to be arrested the night be
foro on charges of grand larceny. Judge
Treadwell discharged them from custody,
only a little the worse for their few hours
in the City Prison.
Robinson admitted that It was probably
his own fault that the women had found
him such ■ Rood thing. He arrived at the
Palace Hotel one day last week after a
prosperous year as a merchant at Ma
nila, his mind made up to have a hot time
in the old town. He confided his Inten
tion to a friend, who Immediately took
him to call on Mrs. Burns at her flat. S2UB
Geary street. There they met a friend of
hern, Mrs. Allison, and the four got along
famously. Nest morning Robinson drew
$1000 from the bank, and hunting up the
Indies got them to believe they needed
new dresses. To a downtown store they
went, and before Robinson knew it he was
going down in his inside pocket to foot
the Mil for a dress ordered by each of his
companions, the bill footing 1315.
Nothing would do Robinson then but
champagne and the races. Once at Tan
foran he turned over |T>oo to the ladles,
who managed, so they told him. to piaco
In on losers. He sent a large part of the
balance of hi» $1000 on the champagne
route without a murmur till he found on
his way home only the feeblest kind of
Jingle in his pocket. Then he became BUS
picious that he had been "worked." ll*
rode with the women into the city before
causing their arrest on their refusal to
return to him the money he accused them
of having held out.
Mrs. Burns was released on bonds at
2:30 o'clock in the morning, but Mrs. Alll-
Bon remained In prison all night. On the
announcement of Robinson that he would
not prosecute they were discharged,
whereupon they pot their money and val
uables from .the property clerk and van
ished out of Robinson's life.
BANQUET OF LIBRARIANS.
California Association's Annual
Meeting Followed by a
Feast.
The annual mating and. banquet of the
California Library Association was held
last night In the banquet hall of the
Merchants' Club in the Mutual Life build
ing. Thirty ladies and gentlemen sat
down to the feast at 6:30 p. m., and It
was nearly two hours later when the
speechmaklng began. President Fred
erick J. Teggart presided, and short ad
dresses were mml*» by C S. Green, librar
ian of the Oakland public library: W. R.
Williams, librarian of the Mercantile
Library: Trustee Pendleton, of the Oak
land Library: George T. Clark, librarian
of the free public library; R W. Faxon,
Of the American Library Association anil
the Massachusetts association; President
George Newhall of the Mercantile Li
brary; Horace Moore, formerly president
of the Mercantile Library, and Ilabbl
Voorsanger.
J. M ('innmlnß'. secretary of the Me
chanics' Institute, and W. R. Williams,
of the Mercantile Library, were elected
members of the association.
MARIE MILLE WAS GRIEVED.
Tells Her Story in the Tanner Mur
der Trial.
The trial of George 1,. Tanner for the
murder of James Brown and Fannie
Barnes was continued before Judge
Dunne yesterday. Louis Mille and nis
wife, Marie, who keep the house In which
the tragedy occurred, told their story to
the Jury. Both said that they were called
after the shots had been fired, and Mrs.
Mllle ?ald»that Phe was greatly grieved
as she liked her tenants. Neither thr««w
any light on the cause of the tragedy. The
case goes on to-day.
Publishing: Probate Notices.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision which Is of no small in
terest, especially to every Judge and
every newspaper published In the State.
These are the circumstances:
After admitting to probate the will of
Augustine Smith, deceased. Judge Law of
the Superior Court of Merced County
ordered that Lillian M. Brouse, execu
trix, publish notice to creditors in the
Merced Express. The lady protected on
the ground that the court had no jurisdic
tion to designate the paper that the no
tice should be published In. The court
refused to grant a writ of review of the
mutter and she appealed to the Supremo
Court. The higher court upholds her po-
Bltion. saying: "The publication of this
retire »« n function which the statute de.
Clares shall be performed by the executor
..i administrator." The power of a court
to designate the newspaper In which such
notices shall be published Is only where
no newspaper Is published In the county.
The order of the lower court was ordered
modified by omitting the name of the
paper.. . . . ■:-■•■
KNOCKOUTS
THE PORTION
OF BOXERS
Three Bouts End Suddenly at
San Francisco Athletic
Club.
The gymnasium of the Ban Francisco
Athletk- Club was filled to the bursting
point la»t night, the occasion being the
regular boxing exhibition of the club. Of
the four bouts two lasted but two rounds
each; <<ne went a short distance into the
third round, and the other went the limit
of eight rounds.
Hud Terry and Jules Tillman. a brace :
of feather-weights, were the rtrst in the
rlnp. The first round was given over to '
friiitlriK tactics, and there was little to :
chooM between the style of the two
youngsters. Terry showed to advantage
for a tew moments, when Tillman rushed |
him to the ropes, landing right and left. ,
This dazed his opponent, and another ,
blow put him out of the competition.
Toby Irvine and Jerry Collins were the
next to appear, litfore the second round
was over Collins wa.- too dazed to con
l tlnue and was counted out. Irvine had a
quick left jolt, which Collins could not
avoid. Collins was knocked down once
and was only well on his feet when he
was sent down again to remain the fatal
; ten seconds.
The bout between Charles Rochette and
j Charles Fredericks went the limit, the de
' ctsion going to Rochette. After the first
three rounds Fredericks could have posed
for a statue of the tired boxer. Rochette's
sharp, stmgii.tj blows cut both hlB eyes,
while blooa trickled from a number of
I small wounds. Notwithstanding his loss
I of blood he was gume tv the end and took
ian unnecessary amount of punishment.
He was knocked down repeatedly, but
ip on the aggrewlve. Rochette was
sever in danger alter the tlrst round,
which was in Fredericks favor.
The bout between Henry L*wis and J.
J. «Jlppert lasted but a sh^rt time Into the
1 third round, when Gippert went down on
Ills face with a crash and was counted '
out. He was larger than Ix'wis and was .
Strong, but slow and awkward. He could
I not get away from Lewis' left swing. In
the second round he lost his head and !
landed at will. The bell saved him, I
' but he went only a short distance Into the
third round when the end came.
KID PARKER FAVORITE.
Betting has commenced In earnest on
the boxing bout between Kid Parker of
Denver and Rufe Turner of Stockton. As
was expected. Parker is favorite at odfls
qf 10 to 8. It 1b expected there will be a
lot of money wagered at about those odds,
us each man has a strong following. This
Is Indicated by the fact that the largest
' number of tickets soid in the mutuels call
I for Turner. According to this the nmal!
I bettors are playing their dollars on the !
K'lored buy from Stockton. His clever
showing with Jimmy Kellly and again
with Sammy Maxwoli ha* impresned them •
with the idea that he will be a hard man
to beat.
The waßering on the meeting of Cole
and Kichi«- has not commenced. It is ex- i
: th>- force of money placed by the
racetrack contingent will make Richie fa
| vorlte.
Kane Wins From Dooley.
CRIPI'I-K CREEK. Colo* Deft 12 —Kid .
Dootoy (colored i of Denver was knocked
out in the twelfth round to-night by Jack '
Kane <>f San Francisco. The battle was
hotly contested throughout. Dooley wan
game, but succumbed to the terrible left
arm swings of his opponent. In the.
twelfth round Kane knocked Dooley down
f>.ur times. The knockout blow waa a left |
; swing on the Jaw. '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. ISM. by H. H. Estxrt.)
TANFORAN PARK, Tuesday, Decemberl2, lß99.— Twenty-first day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track sloppy.
J. J. BURKE-Presldlng Judge. J. F. CAL.DWKLL— Starter.
At\A FIRST RACE-81X furlonga; aelllng; two-year-o'ds; purae. 8400.
'Betting.
Index. Home. Weight. Bt. Mm. Hm. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. 'Op. Cl.
43C The Lady 103 is ... 81 42 21 13 Vlttltoe | 3-5 1-3
436 l'rehtome 104 i 1 ... 11H 12 1H J« T Hums 5 11-2
Ml iIM Slp t 10« 6 ... 4h 3H 3 2 3 2 Bullman J 12
lly Moon y<\ :, ... 24 21 (4 4 h F. J.<ne« , 50 «0
107 Pevereux 104 4 ... «2 6H 4h 6H !Henry 30 80
44: Champion Rose 101 2 ... 6 h «10 615 820 [Fauntleroy ... 100 200
123 Enjoyment .^..101 7 ... 7 7 7^ .7 X R■ -« 40 50
Time >«. ?:.V 4. :.",o'i: K. 1:18. Winner. L. H. EzeU'a b. f. by Kingston Seville. Good
start. Won eaKtly. Second and third driving.
Winner slow to begin, came away at leisure in stretch. Prentome had plenty of speed.
Billy Moore stopped early.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonga; •elllng; three-year-olds and upward, purse, 8400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St.
■Betting.
Index. Hnw. Age Weight. Bt. '»m. Hm. \m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. *>p. ci.
425 Aluminum. 4 109f I ... 14 II T8 1* ißutlman 4 I
431 Konalbra. I 111.1 ... 4 1 3h 2h 2n iC^nley 10 15
<■ I Hnamint. 1 10, 4 ... 11 4h 22 32 Thorpe 6-5 8-r,
437 Skirmish. 4 101 6 ... "S "1 4 h Henry 10 30
44T New Moon. C 109 8 ... <3 64 8H 6h iTullett I 6 *
437 El Falado. 4 114 5 ... 63 55 4h SH iSonger 5 10
421 Terren»\ 3 104 7 ... 8 8 8 7 6 iHetnson 15 10
431 Enpiran.K 4 119 1 ... 3 1 8 1 6H 8 |E. Jonet
Ttm<- V». tmtk; U, TJ); \. 1:17H- Winner. H Hr-hreibeT'a eh. g. by Imp. IdaJlum-Ollt-
ter. Oood start. Won easily. Second an<l third driving.
Al'imlnum always |o<->ked a winner. Panamint cut off noon after start. New Moon had
no spec.l El Salad" ran poorly.
P<-n»«ch*d -Orady 112. O'Connor 114. Stronjtoli IM,
'»m.
THIKD RAiE— One mile: telling; all a*e S ; purse. 8400.
Index. Ron*. Age. Weight St. Std. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. ( Jockeys. 'v, c*!
335 ' imura. 1 101 4 4H 5*4 4h 1H 14 Vlttitoe 1 "1
427 Jolly Briton. 2 «i 6 12- Sh 31 42 22 Fauntleroy ... 10 10
nil St. Apolllnaris. 3...104 7 24 2 3 2 1 In BhT. Burn« 6-2 M-8
433 Oralbee. 3 m! 2 Sh 4h €6 61 42 Postel 10 v»
424 Hattle Fox. 2 72 1 6V4 «4 52 IS 6} J. Walsh 20 15
450 Zlska. 2 72 8 1H 12 11 3h 65 J. Martin « »
_* ( *_ Vlnrtora, 3 101: 5 T 1 7 7 7__ _j:._R0«5.......| I 15
Time— '«. :27H; H. :52«4; K. 1:20; mile. 1:48. Winner. E. Corritran's eh. f. by Montana
ne«ent-(!eneva. OooJ Mart. Won easily. Second and third driving,
Others hacked up. and favorite rolled In.
■ —
Af\*7 FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; selling; all ages; purse. 8500.
I Index Horse. Age Weight Pt. %m. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jookeys. >> ' ?*"
(439) Malay. 3 Ml 2 5 lh In 12 12 Vlttlto* 6-5 11-10
439 Marcato. 4 104 6 1H 31 23 24 22 J. Wal^h 3 5
(43*) Meadowthorpe, 6. ..104 1 3H 4 1 31* 3 1 3nT. Burns 4 n.5
(42>i Forte. 4 105 4. 41 6 6 41 46 Bullman 4' 5
446 Caaflale, 3 90|3 !> lh 42 6 6_^ [Ranch in 15
Tlme-44. 2«; V,, :E3Vi: K. 1:20: mile. 1:46H: \%m. 2:184. Winner. C. Llnd's br. g
by Imp. Pirate of Penzance-Mlss Thomas. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
y driving.
Malay, poorly handled, was pounds th» best. With a stronger ride Marcato would have
done better. Forte late In getting up.
Serfttched-Mortnel IC4.
-
4=O FIFTH R.VE-One mile: selling; all ag«*: purse. 8400.
j Ir.iex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Km.
Hm.
Htn-
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
"^Betting".
o r i-i.
4M Wy mlnit, I 197 « 3H. >> 11 11 13 Pullman 4 7-«
(444) Imperious, 4 110 2 11 11 *1 2h 2»iE. Jones 1 (.$
44« Montanus. 3 106 1 3 1 13 18 5 35 310 [Ponger I 15
42:. Mamie G. « 107 ' 5 61 61 48 45 46 I'helan 10 10
444 .Indjre Wofford. 8... »8 7 6 1 «1 ; t- 6H 88 Henry 10 16
:«3 I»dstar. 5 110 4 T* 7 817 .« 3 H. Shields.... It
444 Castake. 4 107 3 41 4 1 51 51 7 E. Rom » to
Time— «;. ;26Vi: H. :51H4: %. 1:17H: mile. 1:45. Winner. J. O. Brown A Co.'i b. r. by
Parde*-Caprice. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. „- -, x :
Winner ran Imperious to a standstill. Montanus ran a nice race. Lodestar could not
untrark himself. ■■.-.:-.•
. — , .
4 SO SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; pur*e. 8400.
In«*x. Horse. A*e Weight. .St. Hm. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockey*.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
r
Betting.
Jockey*. (i,. ci.
Km.
4X3 King Carnival. 3... US i
429 Moringa. 4 91 1
3*B Pat MorrlMey. 6.... 1041 4
444 ninnmaitex, 5 ...... '■'• 3
433 Mike nif. a 106 (I
1 h
4 4
2 H
I
3 1
1 1
8 h
2 h
6
43
.1 3
\?
85
■■ ■•■»-.-.■-
4 2
1 1
2 3
2 8
4 6
i
1 n
2 8
.3 1
4 I
6
J. Martin J 3 7.;
Derln ! 6 •£$
T. Burn* I 2-5 »-20
H^nry | 40 100
• Bullman jo 40
Time— hk. 28. V :S7H: %■ VM; %. I:*">H Winner. Carruthers A Shield. 1 r> 0 . by Oet-
away-Maiietta. O«Ad start. Won flr« three driving.
Carnival possessed speed to burn. Morlnga ran to hit notch. Morrlssey outfooted from
•tart A rest would do Rle« good.
Scratched— Geyjer 104.
TO WRESTLE
A CHAMPION
OF THE EAST
Max Wylie Will Me t F. B.
Bayly of Olympic Club.
Swimmer- Will Race.
Max Wylle, an Eastern wrestler, who
has held the championship at 135 and
145 pounds, will test the skill of F. B.
Bayly at the Olympic Athletic Club to
night. 0 According to Professor George
Miehllng. the wrestling Instructor, Bayly
is the best of a large class of novices now
In course of development. Krollng, Hab
erly and other Stan have either turned
professionals or have given up the sport
of the mat. The bout will be two out of
three falls, catch as catch can.
The bout will form part of the pro
gramme for ladles' night. Chief interest
centers about the swimming tournament,
for which the cleverest amateurs on the
coast have entered. Among the competi
tors will be:
Archie Taylor. Rcacoe E. Fenton. George A.
Illnkel. "William Wilder. C. 11. Borscn, \\
King. E. M. Connolly, Otto Crable. J. Bevans.
11. W. Galette. T. F. Kennedy. K. C. Hurt
mann. H. A. Widemann, F. C. Beat, H. A.
Whltley. R. Bowman. , Wesley Clawsoo, A. B.
Swlnnerton, P. H. Lacy. L. F. Burneue. J. a.
Mackenzie. Alexander W. Pope, D. A. Carroll.
F. Dinan, Charles K. Metro**, J. Keane. G.
Habenlcht, L. J. Hammersmith.
The long programme of events will be
run In the following order:
Maiden race, twenty-five yard dash; Juvenile
race, 100-yard handicap: diving for plates;
final 100-yard handicap: fancy diving, obstacle
race; candle race; 230-yard open; swimming
under water.
The most exciting event will probably
be the hundred-yard handicap. This is
divided Into three heats, and the all-im
portant final. The entries, with the han
dicaps, follow:
One-hundred-yard handicap, first heat—Wide
niann. scratch; Metros*, 2 yards; Connelly. I;
Wilder. 10; Fenton. 14.
Second heat— Carroll, scratch: Hlnkel, 2
yards; Burnette. 3; Hartmann. 10; Bevans, 14.
Third heat— Duran. 3 yards; Pope. 4; Taylor.
4, Hammersmith. 5: Kean.- and Swlnnerton. 12.
MORE TROUBLE FOR
OWNER OF GOLDBUG
OAKLAND. Dec. 11— Goldbuff, the race
horse which mysteriously disappeared
from his slall at Emeryville last Sun
day night, is proving a hoodoo for Us
owner. Jacob Krause. The hurse h.is
under attachment for %2iA) on a promis
sory note held by Adolph Stremmel, fuid
Constable Jack Williamson, who had
charge of the animal in his ofn>: \
parity was elated and surprised to learn
that Sheriff Rogers last night recovered
the stolen animal and had lodged Krause
in the County Jail on a charge of grind
larceny, he being deemed the thief of his
own property. Krause was to-day taktn
before Recorder Bradford at Emeryvll'..
and the grand larceny charge was
promptly dismissed, but new and more
serious trouble was in store for Krause,
for meanwhile Constable Williamson had
sworn out a warrant in Ju«lk«* Quinn's
court for Krause's arrest on a charge of
burglary, and the constable Immediately
rearrested Goldbug'p owner and jnce
mure placed him behind the gr»y w.tlls
and Iron bars of the County Jail. Jus
tice Quinn has fixed Krauze's bail at
>1000 caph or $MOO bonds.
Begin Sues Kowalsky.
Henry I. Kowalsky. the attorney, was
. sued yesterday by Joseph I. Begin for .in
accounting and to recover Jir.r>s IS. Begin
alleges that he retatned Kow;ilsky as his
: attorney and that he obtained the sum
named from creditors of the plaintiff and
| refus«d io pay the same over when de
1 mand was mnde.
Coming 1 Amateur Contests.
Star Sale of Thoroughbreds.
YEARLINGS
FROM NAPA
STOCK FARM
Greatest Thoroughbred Sale
cf the Season ToMor
row N.ght.
The forty-one royally bred yearlings
from A. B. Spreckela' Napa stock farm
will be led Into the. sales ring at Occi
dental Horse Exchange. 741 Howard
street, to-morrow evening. Now that the
two-year-old sea-son Is approaching and
horsemen arc on the lookout for a prom
ising youngster, this, the bipgest »ale> of
the year, fa attracting widespread atten
tion. Buying yearlings ha.-< always been
considered v lottery, still of the thirty
head sold from Napa stock farm last year
all that are. alive have started and but
two have not been returned winners. Of
Mils lot Catulus. purchased by Duke &
Wishard, gave promise of becoming a
great racehorse. Unfortunately he ran
away while at the post in a race at Oak
land and, breaking a leg, had to be de
stroyed.
The stallions represented at to-morrow
night's -.:•• are imp. Crighton. a superb
looking individual; Imp. Idalium. imp. Tho
Judge. BJolo, Gen-ral Miles, I'uryear D
and ICavelston. Puryear D got. among
others, the good performers Damboulla
and Deveraux The many crack racos run
by the fast filly Canace, both East and
\\est. sent booming the stock of Imp.
Crighton. and there will be some lively
bidding on his sons and daughters
Many think Cambecc the black colt
from imp. Candid by Imp. Idalium. will be
the star of the sale. He la a well-fur
nished fellow and there will be numerous
bidders for him. Cavanaugh. the half
brother to CatUlus, by Imp. Idalium— Lady
Cleveland, la another on which horsemen
are very sweet. I'eg-a-Long. a fine-look
ing bay fellow by Imp. Crighton— Sweet
f^ijgy.. strikes the fancy of many, and
will no doubt be among the top-notchers.
Heelzebub, the half-brother to Hitm
boulla, by Imp. Crighton. looks the rare
horee all over. Bride-Ale. Peut-Etre. Fol
low; Me. Ravelling. Glittering. Bellerophon
and Alma Vale will all cause spirited bid
ding en their fine looks alone when led
Into the ring.
The sale will commence at 7:45 o'clock
and Frank \V. Covey, the popular and ef
llcient superintendent of Palo Alto stock
farm, will act as auctioneer.
Calendars for 1000.
"California Violets," '■«;<. id»-n Poppien"
and "California Wild Flowers" are the
most popular calendars for ISWO. Price >ie
each. Sanboni. Vail & Cn.. 741 Market. •
HIGH CHIEF IS HERE.
The Head of the California Independ
ent Foresters on a Tour of
Visitations. «;■
George A. McElfresh. high chief ranger i
of the High . Court of California, Inde- '
pendent Order of Foresters, arrived In •
this city a few days ago from Los An&e
les, and during his stay he has paid v
number of otuclal visits to local courts '
and courts In nearby town*. 3lnea his 1
arrival he has visited Court Grizzly Bear
in Berkeley, Court Loma Prleta in San
Jose, Court Diana In this city, courts Oak
land and Ramon In Oakland and the
court In Napa.
Last night he paid a visit to Court
Yerba Buena No. 913 and was cordially
received by the members. This court ha«
been especially favored by the high chief
ranger In that he has commissioned two
of its members, Walter l. Av«ry, the
very efficient recording secretary, and the
vice chit- f ranger, as two of his general
deputies for the State. During the evening
there was a literary and musical pro
gramme under the direction of Court Phy
sician H. M. Beck. Messrs. Appleby and
Hutchinson contributed Instrumental mu
sic, Phillip Prior gave a reading from
Shakespeare. Dr. Beck entertained' with
vocal and Instrumental music and then
the high chief ranger delivered an ad
dress explaining the condition of the order
at this time. •
To-morrow th« high chief ranger will
j>ay a visit to Courts Madrone. Alcyone.
Acacia. Friar Tuck and Golden Gate
Park, which will m«-et Jointly In the Red
Men's building. On the lath inst. ho will
visit the courLat Salinas. On the follow
ing night he will be with the court In
atsonville and the next day he will start
for his home.
WHERE STORMS ARE MADE.
Petition to Re-establish th« Tatoosh
Island Station.
Some time ago th. Government abol
ished the signal Station on Tatoosh Isl
and.' near the coast off Cape Flattery,
Wash. This has caused no little Incon
venience to the shipping men of the ooa-u.
for as one. of them expressed It, that Is
the place where they scare up all of the
big storms of the Pacific coast. The sta
tion was abandoned because of the cable
frequently breaking between the Island
and the mainland, where it connected
with the coast line. Owing to the Island
being so far out In the ocean the oppor
tunity for noting the approach of bad
weather Is much better than anywhere
along the coast, and the shipping men are
very desirous of having the station re
opened. To this end a number requested
the local Chamber of Commerce to take
action and have the Pacific Coast Repre
sentatives urge the authorities at Wash
ington to reopen the station. This was.
discussed at length yesterday at the
meeting of the trustees, and every effort
will be made to have the matter favor
ably considered. Secretary Scott will pre
pare and send a memorial to Congress at
once. . ■ ■ • . •
The matter of obtaining better rates
from the telegraph companies between
this coast and China was referred to a
committee to visit the cable companies.
The demand for better rates cornet* from
the commercial men of this city and those
at Hongkong. A memorial will be sent to
Congress asking that another cable be
laid between Florida and Cuba. Another
petition will he to have the plans for the
drydock at Mare Inland changed and
OOC 000000000 O O OOOOOOOOOC-OOCK-OOOC-X^X^O O OO >:-;<->-.--
«i^ "The Light That Failed."
s§|wj||^" There is no doubt but what a great
/y2J^\ . many, have read the book which bears
j^ifei the above title and found it very inter-
fil?t& esting. I wili send FREE to any ad-
((/-/ dress my little book * " THREE CLASSES
riOL F iMEN," which will be far more inter-
tisfccs^ esting to weak men It tells how, by
ivj .'»• the use of my
| %.^|| Dr. Sanden Electric Belt,
vSjjy^^ Thousands of sufferers are restored to
i strength each year by (he soothing cur-
! (f( f )V^ rent whicn sends into all parts of the
\ I Ml/l body. You do. not feel .that' dreadful
i I j1 ) Burning and Blistering so common with
& V AI A other belts My : patent felt electrode
i \ il IS A covers do away with that. Write to-day
I Ik J/*-$ for the book or call at my office and con-
i I 1 ls& sult me free of cnar se. Office hours—
• VI yS 9to 6: Sundays, io to i.
I 4i -«• DR T A SANDEN 18 THIRD ST.,
]\\^ mi. 1.21. OiillUljll, St. PrtnoUeo, CaL
"OS South Spring Street, LO5 Angeles, CaL
;.;. ,>^^^ Russel Building, Portland, Or.
«QC6X>PC&O^aOO^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Women
Indorse
Hudyan
DE-
CAun -• f — i_-_._ -.- , _
men relief
nnl ml»e- ifclSlxic • S "/^ f "^iimfet: j
anil mine- P^T ""> . ~^VQi^^
riM na. '^T-'. /-'V-'^bbWb^
tur.il to nl r-f* ■HaaV
lldrMl. Sr /- ..'^m. >^IBBB^BSF
vh > y,.fs "iMWi^issi
will you %k WTv^Kr $ ■' V:
on .ufT-r- ? 3'3 '
In* with A -M- ffB aa H
ha-ua h TvC ' !^Bsar " '
I '"' n !n It. r nFF!?, v^^^SJ
•Me pain • ' ,»*^ - * » •* •
b»wel.. ■/ ' ' O # J
<li»y I j Z MM
wrakneaa. BjbbHvV *
ri'**p. anil f '. . ,
general tj' 'w fMmLM •»
when a fll^JH^l 'JAkWEmW'I:
cure I* I //JulH
within »j sW/ / mWmItM
■IF / munfM
r*H' h " / ' .^^H^Bkf^iaßl 1^
nri>v»s- .(fV*W«sßiSLir'
i- that /< ''I^BbeH '*£/
j.u kac- / ■ ' r^— HaWf
win c«-n- fv 'Up
vine* yen '^ ;^^^
that It is jy I «*»BiW^
thereme«ljr JfiO M -ii»— *
y,u i ' W^-^^
cure* headache* ttitc. '">. ha««arl look and hn!«
low eyes •"«■ -). sunken ch<-eki> and |alenen«
(tig. i). flutterlnic heart '«■ W. indigestion (fIR.
2). emaciation (fig. I>.
Women it Is sinful to nerlect your health.
Don't wait for the surgeon's knife. Talce HI P-
TAN now. It will cure all those chronic Inflam-
mations or uleeratlons that gtTe rla* to your
sufferings and m >«•!*••
lIIIifAN la woman's friend, for It t>rtnc»
back, rosy cheeks, brlxht eyes. ■ clear complex-
tl\.T Hl'nViW From your dru««t»t. Mr a
Utl Hi An packace. six packace* for
$2 SO. If your drurKl!-t cln*^ not keep it. send dl-
rwrt to the HtTDYAN RKMrnT TO . cor. Stork-
ton. Ellis and Market *•• Fan Franel»co. CaU
(Advisory Department for Women.. Free..)
Consult lIUDYAN Doctors
Call or Write.
POiJehoaKi'. P«sll«b P:*r.<m4 Brrnn*. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_^~ Original aad Only C— A.
f /Tl^^ •»»€. »:-♦«*• roiltM*. 11 r> l l >hi /T\
AM (t^a '" <••» *» CV'ViKn jr»* •♦ x>va jßfWi
aMMv7&M'<i*^>4lii K»<l uL. I ■»'«llm\\ v W
Vv _r^JMb<!i«. **:al wlta Mm rtfto«. Tnk» \*7
4M Sfcfclno alfcar. <^»« rf«a«ni.i mtiwo V
1/ « '•■*** *** •""'" 1 •* ii Prg^jaii, r«»»4*a,
I V» -■» la rtimr* fJT pu-leo:»n. totlaMeitlt «a 4
V tH» JB '•K.11.f Tit I.jdl(-i. -inUTW. t. rrtmrn
m\_ IT •*»!! 1|»,«O« TMttaectVi. /joi r i?tr.
> "»" i ' rCk I* mt rr CS CMleal « ..I««4lt>i«br 1 ■ —•%
•M lran Low) PIIJUHA-KV
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
Ml to BO Geary 1 .r««t. Above PowelL
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONEnT.
COAL. COXK AND PIQ IROX
I C. I'll SON k f 0 Ko Dattenr Street.
J. \r niLOIM Q WU-, Telephone Main ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAJ- DUiuCIV-i Clay. Tel. Mala 104.
FURS.
1 N LOFSTAD 4
al. lla LVIJMV, it yl»«, le«e»r p«e»t. femod^.n^
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, BS& „•, A'^
it. Caatlnca of Ev»ry DcacrlpUoa il^<j< to
Order. Tel. Black 1506.
PAPP.R DRALER*. ' '.
WIT I AMFTTF PVL^ AND H -*iTm co..
IT ILL A 'II I 1C 723 Moatcomery at-
PRI.NTI.N3.
c.c hughes, nt^ssyg-^r.
t- W- lILUMLJ. su «ar I r
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T '"c'^ p . hUs PARTRIDGE " C^7 U
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,^^^
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Ita GKKEN
RIV£R COLUERIE3. la th* B«at CoaJ la U«
market. OfOc* and Yard* — 410 Main atreet.
that the projected dock be of stone and
concrete Instead of wood, as contem
plated.
« • ■
Inter Nos' Fancy Ball.
Inter Xos Circle. Companion* of the
Forest of America, one of the most pro
gressive subordinate* of that order, which
has for Its motto. "We le.u.d, others fol
low." gave a fancy dress ball In Its hall
In Pythian Castle last evening. As are all
nodal functions given by this circle.lt watt
a very enjoyable affair and was In every
way a success, for the energetic com
mittee on entertainment— R. Engel. P. If.
Coyle and Miss Sadie Meyers— had ex
pressed a determination that nothing
should be left undone to guarantee an
evening of pleasure for all. The costumes
of the participants were varied and a
number of them were elegant.
Vaudeville for St. Mary's.
On Thursday evening next St. Mary*
Sunday-school will give a musical and
literary entertainment in St. Mary's Ifnli
62> California street. A programme that
cannot fall to amuse hns been provided
In which the following people will take
part: May and Kdward ovonnor. In a
Cakewalk: William Wilson, with some
thing new In ragtime; All n. May, In a
stirring recitation; l>r. James F. Smith In
tenor solos; Baby Smith. In a nklrt dance
and various Interesting sperl.tltle* ►:
Fannie Denny. Fred Stokes. Josephine-
Murphy. Mabel and Nettle Johnson
Charles Hay, Phil Eiselmann. O'Connor
and Kelleher and Edward '•!■■ reWOMEN AS THE
SLAVES OF THE
MODERN SHOPS
The Savagery of Our
Civilization.
LOCAL PHASE OF PROBLEM
SERIOUS THEME DISCUSSED BY
PHYSICIANS.
~ ♦ —
A minister prominent In BU«toaa ami
«vr%nomio affairs of St. Paul ha* ■ run a
controversy that has been carried Into
other lar K e cities of the Union, anil
nrnoTic them San Praneipoo. Neither th«»
problem nor Its dlFous^lon Is new. but
thousand* of men and women are lr.ter
eMrd In both. It Is the, old question of
"women as ware-earners and the effect of
manual labor upon American women in
iv.ocr relation to the »oo!al. economic,
moral and physical forces of the. nation.
One. particular phase of the controversy.
Ih&t of tho physical a* understood by
phyfiflans. Is of timely local Interest.
In the shops and factories of San Fran
rlsoo many thousands of women recelva
«3ally employment. It is lntwestinp.
therefore, to know what prominent local
Physicians think of the present and fu
ture we!l-be:nK of these, women.
The St. Paul controversy has assumed
far wider proportions than this. It Is es
timated that over 4.0.0.000 women are now
uage-earners in th* T'nited States. Folly
45 per cent of the employes in manufac
tories are women, and It Is c!a!med that
th« percentage Is increasing year by year.
It Ix asserted that modern conditions of
facial and Industrial life are driving men
rut .if employment to Rive plar* to women
«.t loner w.'ik^h p_nd harder and more ex
acting conditions of labor.
The drudgery of th« shop and th« fac
tory, it Is contended, has fallen to woman,
oc-troylng her social life, injuring hrr
morally, physic-ally and mentally, creating
prt'-at «-e<>n»milc and social disturbances
and dooming the nation to a future race
of ....,*.;:. :_«. produced Inevitably by
vomen physically unfit for motherhood.
The Pu Paul clergyman Insists that we
«r* In the m'dst of a new savagery
which Is immeasurably, worse than that
which marked woman aj> a menial and a
plave. Our shops and our factories are
draining the lives of our women, devour
ing ih«Mr poPFible strength and trans
forming thu mother into a beast of bur
den.
That the problem Is a scrlnus one thrre
ran he nn question. It has been agitated
times without nurat'T and will be apaln.
The vlvws rt th« Su Paul mlnistor are
not by any means. hnw»>\-pr, the views of
I'romin^nt physician's of thlx city. They
ax* far from p^clnif the dlr<» effectii of
manual labor upon women as seen by the
clergyman. He Is an extremist, they
tay. and Is bettor qualified perhaps to
rilscuss the ethical and .moral phases of
th<* problem than the physical.
■
I
■ •
- that sun
■
■
• -
which
mu«st
'"It Is Idle to contend that men should
jr: \v..:k. Society unfortunately is not *•«
constituted thru all women may find th«lr
t ;.*.• r<- In the home, but those that must
warit phould not b* forced to accept the
1.-ibor for which thHr delicate organiza
tion in not pifted. There is work for men
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
» Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to Al! Who Write.
Fr<-e trial packae*-* of a most remark*-
Me TTn*-dy are lx>lng mailed to all who
■w'.ll write the State Medical Institute.
Th'-y cured ro mnny men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
fhysiral suffering of lo*t manhood that
he Institute has decided to distribute
free trlnl packages to all who write. It
}* a home treatment and all men who
ruff or with any form of sexual weakness
re»ultlnK from youthful folly, •■• mature
)r< r % of strength and memory, weak back.
varlcorele or emarlntion of parts can now
curf th«-m»«>lve!« Ht home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
rffert of warmth and seems to act direct
to the deelreii location, giving utrenirth
md dr-veldpmcnt sust where It In needed.
It cures all the Ills and trouble* that
come fr^m years of misuse of th«» nat-
ural functions, rd ha* been an absolute
ruccet* tn all ca*rn. A reouest to he
State Medical Institute. 52* Elektron
bulldlrjr Ft. Wayne. Ind.." stating that
you denire m* of their free trial pack-
fiß<-s will be compiled with promptly. Th«
Institute i« desirous of reaching that j
prr.it class of men who are unnble to
lf-av# home to be treated, and th«? free
sample wjll enable them Jo nee how easy
It la to be cured of ttexuar weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The ,
Jnetltut* tnak** no restrictions. Any man 1
who writer will be lent ■ free sample.
rarefi:lly sealed In a plain package, so
that ltn recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
reqv;e<ited to write wtlhout delay.
ivia<r DR JORDAN'S great }
«MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
4 sji ~::ium?sr ur.t-ik^ :t&i i
\ T^T The Ij)<M ' '18-' *l Muteumia the \
-■ ' p»ill». I. rarH - ™
1 haCaMli feu. ]Cyut» 9
£ JjW*.* J D? .•OPDAK-»BIVA'E DISEASES
9 1 yitfl I" 11 ": •'•"'-) »>« >«"•'■ A 0
Ar 1 itl . i'n:iuk.>ink,<|
i I V •»»•■'*«•' i!»;itu .-I* <Af
/ A (1 '-»'!-••■:« iXK,X tut BM-Bj \
7 tilt JOHDA> A« O 1011 Marker «-, s F. 9
• «
• Tb« luxury, comfort, ronverueno**, i
« ru:»lor and mixlcrat* ctuyt* c«v« I
• 4ivca tb« I
• PALACE and •
} GRAND :
-4— — ♦-
< betel* a m>«t»tlon thit 1* known «h«r- ♦
« «yip the Kric:>'i lancuace Ii spoken. «
« Cor.in-rte4 by a covered 1 nuai-ewjjr- I
, 34.10 rfoms— «"V> with batht. *
J JOHN C. KinKPATIIICIC. Manaxrr. J
nai:i.'.rjwai
OpfnaiMa, SobcadOß, Mnnlgii, etc., cured by
ESPiC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Putt I. ESPiC ; ■■■ York. £. iOCOXEA * v.O.
t>OLI> Ht ALL. UK'JOlilliTh.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— R«-
saodelcd and renovated. KING. WARD *
to European plan. Itooma. iuc to SI &0 day.
;:. to Jit week; $i to J2O month. Fre« baths; hot
and cold water every room; flr« ic:»t»« lv «very
rocra; eie\ator rur.n all lil»ht.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Creat Mexican remedy; rives health and
•t "•-•«!& to sexual crrua. Depot. <2> Market.
OUR CITY AND COAST TRADE
Heads of Municipalities to Take Part in Convention.
OFFICIALS OF
MUNICIPALITIES
IN CONVENTION
Opening of the Sec-
ond Session.
The- I*nfcu* of California Municipalities
will convene this afternoon at IMoneer
Hall for the second time In its history,
and the session promises to be a most
Interesting on©. The attendance will he
grcvuer than last year and the subjects
discussed of groat general interest.
The session will begin at - p. m. and last
until Friday noon. When the three days'
work is completed an entertainment not
yet arranged will occupy the attention of
the municipal otHcers of the league both
morning and afternoon.
The programme for the session is as
follows:
Wednesday. December 13. 2 p. m.— Rollcall of
d«lepateit: address. J. D. l'helan. Mayor of
San Fr*neisoo, president of the L«-atrue of Call
torn'a Municipalities; report* of officers; sut>
lect. "The . Future Work Of the League."
Mayor Snow of Oakland. Major B finks of
Mnrysvtlle. Mayor Hutchinsun of Palo Alto,
Major Eaton of Los Angles. Mayor Capps of
Han Diego; general discussion; proposi-U
amendment! to by-law* to be referred to com
mittee.
Evening— Address, David Starr Jordan, pres
ident of Stanford University; subject, "A Con
tinuing City."
Thursday. December 14. 10 a. rn.— Pubjeet.
"Street Improvement Acts." fifteen-minute
papers by F. K. Lane of San Francisco, \V. A.
Heailey of San Jose. George IVarcr of Santa
H i-.i. H. K. Taylor of Alameda, H. A. Hnyne
of Berkeley. Walter F. Hajt» of Lo« Ar:»,-.i".--.
general discussion.
Aftern<«on— Subject. "Experience of Cities
With Municipal Water Work*." T. H. Carr of
Nevada City, Mayor Sweet of Santa Kot>a.
Mayor Lamb of Santa Crur. Mayor DruSel of
Santa Clara. Professor C D. Marx of Palo
Altn; \T-al discussion.
Evening— "Mum li-al Licenses." C. N. Klrk
brlde. City Attorney of San Mat* Value of
Municipal Libraries," Frederick J. TVRKnrt.
librarian Mechanics' Institute. San Fmnelsco;
'•Electrical Terms." L. L. Oory of Iterkelpy.
profe».M-ir of electrical engineering. University
of California: "Sanitary Regulations." Dr.
< "Union H. Lu».!>. rk of Alameda. president
Hoard cf Health; I -ifraJ discussion.
Friday. December IS, 10 a. m. — Report of
committee on amendments to by-laws and ac
tion on same; e!*-<-tlon of officers; opening of
question box; adjournment.
Afternoon and evening— Closing entertain
ment.
and -work for women. It Is nothing less
than criminal to make the woman do
both. The work of the shop and the fac
tory belongs to men. I have not the
Fllchtept doubt that the employment of
Kirls and young women at hard labor is
having a tremendously evil . ffect nnd
mupt Inevitably work harm to the na-
Dr. A. P. < I BrU • |p far rr">re r .-.
servatlv© In his opinion than is Dr. Law
lor. nr. O'Brien do«a not beiieve mat
manual labor for women is an unqu.illJu-d
evil. "I am afraid." be said yest. rdny,
"that our St. Paul clergyman la an ox
tremist. Thera is not the slightest doubt
that some kinds of manual labor an ut
terly unfit for women, as In rigar fac
tories, for example, but it la absurd to
contend that all manual labor Is an evil
to women- Much of tne work thai they
do now In chops and factories is undoubt
edly injurious to them, and nothing too
pevere In condemnation can be said of It.
Hut the evil is In the environment. In the
conditions which surround women at
work.
"The neglect of snnltary laws and of
' on will explain many of
the evils that are placed at the d
manual labor Th> r< Is a lf-gitimat«- fl»-M
h women may retain their I
re-earner*. There is an thai
should be I in em|
- •!) for a sweeping
tlnn that women for 1 n of
health and motherhood should not be
• rs."
It. Theodore Rethers has also given
thought to the rabject. "No <• n.
will deny." he said, "that seriotis mischief
c in the employment of young t r .r!s
In the fR. 1 ihops. There is little
■ • ■ ad are In
snd prevented from taking their
proper place in ' I are railed upon
For too great a sacrifice { strength ar.d
energy, and !■• tore they have reached
I they ha-
It. But 1 ran -
harm In the manual employment of ma
tured women If the conditions are health
ful and the labor 1« not the drudgery that
properly t>elongs to men."
Ladies' Dinner at Trinity.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Trinity
Presbyterian Church will conclude their
bnzaar to-night with a dinner In the church
parlor*. I^ast evening the sale of articles
and entertainment brought out a large
crowd with very satisfactory results. The
dinner this evening will be nerved from
6:30 to 7:30.
S^gWeak
I
la the pleasure going out of your
life? Arc you losing the ambition,
the vim and "grit" which belong
to vigorous manhood? Are you
weak, lazy, despondent— losing your
grip on life? If so. read my book.
Arouse yourself long enough to
read what is laid by thousands of
nappy men who were once as bad
off as yourself, but are now walk-
ing the earth with their heads up
and their hearts bounding with the
gladness of renewed youth.
MY BOOK~IS FREE.
There is a cure for such as you
and my book tells about it and about
yourself. Send for it now. It will
prove the guiding star to your fu-
ture. I send it closely sealed, free.
DR. M. A. M LAUjHLIN.
"CC Market St., cor. Kearny, 8. F. ; Bur-
dick Block, cor. Spring and Second ata..
Los Asrelea. Office Hours— a. m. to
8:J0 p. m.: Sunday*. It to 1. NEVER
SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
TTTE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
LETTER THAT SHOWS
ST. LOUIS PROGRAMME
HAS TO FIGHT FOR TRADE IN
HOME FIF.I.D.
Middle West City Meets With Local
Illustration of Tendency Con
cerning' Shipments by
Carloads.
Jobbers nnd manufacturers In this city
are in receipt of a circular letter that has
come to light over the signature of A. J.
Vallandlngham. commissioner of the St.
Louis Freight Bureau. This was ad
dressed to the hardware, agricultural and
vehicle interests by Mr. Vallandingham.
Therein he called upon the interests men
tioned to protest against the proposed
chances In freight classification by rail
road lines east of the Mississippi River
and north of the Ohio. In his letter Mr
Vallandlngham included a tabulated
statement of the proposed changes which
applied to agricultural implements and
something over forty other articles.
The point In the matter, as indicated
by this tabulation, is that the roads In
Mr. Vnllandlngham's territory will leave
practically unchanged the classification
upon carloads, but will advance the class
ification one notch on all the articles in
the list on less than carloads.
Mr. Vallandingham addressed himself to
his follower! forcibly to advise them to
protest against the limit that the new
classification mad- upon the Jobbing trade
of St. Louis. "Unless," wrote he. "this
movement is checked, the Jobbing trade
of St. Louis will be limited to ■ very small
territory and manufacturing trade will be
carload only."
This indicates, according to the Jobbers
of San Francisco, that St. Louis, while
trying to grab the Jobbing trade of the
Pacilic Coast and appropriate the Pacific
Coast territory, is very much frightened
by neighbors who may act just as the
jobbers are acting In regard to this coast.
The move of the railroads referred to in
the Vallandingham letter also "Illustrates
the tendency of the railroads all over the
country to discriminate in favor of the
carload as against the less than carload,
because the carload is handled by The
roads with 1. ss trouble than the less than
carloads, Two paragraphs from Mr. Val
landlngham's letter are as foil m
"The following changes in ofllclal class
ification are row contemplated by lines
east of the Mississippi River and north
of the Ohio. If made In that territory,
they will be followed went of the Mis
sissippi River by similar advances. Many
advances have already been made by
withdrawing commodity rates. If these
changes are made as proposed, rates on
many commodities will be higher than at
any time In the past twelve years or more.
If made In railroad classification. the rail
roads will at once begin a movement to
have the State classifications also ad
vanced."
TEA SAMPLES GO TO
NEW YORK EXAMINER
ORDER STANDS DESPITE THE
PROTEST MADE.
Fear Locally Entertained That Other
Moves May Follow to Disad
vantage of This Port.
The local tea Importers have been In
formed that samples of all teas brought
to this port from a foreign country are
now sent regularly to the tea examiner at
New York. The protest that, was sent
forward when the Treasury Department
Issued the order for such action has al
ready been mentioned. But notwithstand
ing the protest the order has stood to this
time. The local tea Importers have set
forth that It would bo Just. If .samples of
tea passed upon by the examiner here
v.- ■• to l>e sont to New York, that sam
ples examined at New York ought also to
, be sent here for Inspection. No tea ex
aminer under the law has any power over
any other man of his cla*s. Nevertheless
1 the discrimination shown In the sample
matter Is held by importers to indicate
1 that New York has made a point as
against Baa Francisco.
Samples have not been received, here
from either New York. Jjhlcago, Tacoma
or St. Paul, which are the lour places
outside of Ban Francisco where there are
tea examiners employed by the United
States. What tho indications threaten Is
a move to follow the present one that may
result disastrously to the tea Importers
of this port.
"Now York has been losing trade," said
a tea Importer yesterday. "That city
therefore naturally reaches out for all
that she can get. The New York mer
chants see the promise that there is In
the future of San Francisco under exist
ing conditions and fear that here is a
rival in the tea Importing trade. The pur
pose is undoubtedly to force tea ship
ments away from Ban Francisco and
through '*> Suez canal. Taking Inspection
of teas ■■■- a matter apart from any other,
the unfairness will appear on the surface.
The plea Is that uniformity Is sought. Th«
tea examiner at this port and those at the
other ports outside of New York possess
the requisite skill to pass upon teas prop
erly. If education is the only purpose of
! the move It would be well to pass the edu-
I cation around and lei the examiner at
San Francisco see the Judgments of all
Other tea Importing ports. The proposi
; tion gives Just cause for question through
' out."
ARTHUR M. SEWALL HERE.
Among the distinguished arrivals at the
Palace Hotel yesterday morning wa* Ar
thur If. Bewail, who ran for the office of
V.! a President last election on the Bryan
Ucket.
Mr. % wall Is a millionaire shipowner of
Maine, and his interests carry his house
flag to nearly every quarter of the globe.
The largest sailing vessel afloat, the Er
skine M. Pbelps, which left here a short
time ago for the Hawaiian Islands, is the
property of Mr. Sewall. Since she was
launched be has built and put In com
mission three more vessels only slightly
I smaller In tonnage to this monster of the
[ seas.
Mr. Bewail refused to enter Into any
discussion of politics, saying that the
time for talking would not Arrive for an
other month or so.
He will remain In the city about a
month, after which he will return directly
to his New England home.
Mr. Sewall is th«- father of Howard
Bewail, formerly Minister to Hawaii, who
married Miss Ash<- of this city.
Leather Goods.
Mexican Carved Leather. Grained Lealh-
er. Seal and Alligator Poeketbooks. Cigar
Cases. Bill Bookß, Card Cases. Chatelaine
Bogs and Valls«s. All lettered without
charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. *
STRONG PROTEST
IN INTEREST OF
EXPORT TRADE
Canadian Lines Will
Be Fostered.
W. Ford Thorn.is. attorney in fact for
J. D. Bpn & Bros. in. and the
i< Steamship Company, Bled yester
wlth Customs Collector Jackson for
transmission to the Secretary of the
•ry a protest ap.unst the depart
ment decision <.t November IT of this year
prohibiting the entry for immediate trans
cportatlon In bond of shtp
d ••nis of merchandise' through the United
Stut.-s for exportation from the- Pacific
Mr. Thomas begins by saying that the
ruling works a decided injury and a tre
mendous loss to the shipping and trans
portation interests of the- domestic ports
of the Pacific because there is a formida
ble competition by steamer from Vancou
ver, K. C. to all the points of the Orient
where steamer connection is made to all
the principal points of Australia and New-
Zealand. He adds: "There has been for
years a rivalry between the ports of San
Francisco and Vancouver and Victoria,
and when the well known fact is taken
into consideration that the Canadian lines
of steamers are granted enormous sub
sidies, which enable them to carry freight
nt a large prolit and gives them by such
granting of subsidies an advantage over
American lines, it seems but natural and
Just that the most liberal construction of
the transportation and export laws should
be given in favor of our own people and
our own port."
Mr Thomas submits that the decision
will also divert shipments from the port
of San Francisco because shippers and
foreign consignees do not wish their pack
ages to be opened and Improperly re
packed. After discussing the legal effect
of the ruling Mr. Thomas adds:
"We claim that when merchandise I*
■hipped from a foreign country and trans
ported In bond through the United States
and exported from a port of the United
states to a foreign country that In such
case the law n^wr contemplated that the
packages should be opened and examined
by the Lnlted States officers, thereby
causing unnecessary delays, decreasing
the value of the goods by Improper re
packing and forcing the shipment of goods
by (port route to the profit of foreign
carriers and foreign ports, which will bo
the result If the decision of the Honorable
Secretary of the Treasury shall stand un
modified."
COUNSEL NEARLY
READY TO ARGUE
FRENNA'S CASE
Few More Witnesses
to Testify.
The defense in the Frenna case intro
duced Its prize bunch of witnesses at the
trial of the alleged murderer yesterday
The attempt to show that Frenna had
been driven temporarily Insane by the
chicanery of Turner was abandoned for
the moment, and the attorneys • for the
accused bent all their efforts toward con
vlnclng the jury that Turner had been
for a year or more thirsting for the blood
of the man who shot him full of h'.l~s
from behind. According to these wit
nesses. Turner spent a large portion of
his time during the last two years voic
ing threats to -Kill the Dago" and take
a fall out of one 1., S. M.-^inson. The*e
threats having been promptly repeated to
Frenna counsel for the defense would
have the jury believe that the slumbers
of the barber had for months preceding
the shooting been disturbed by visions of
a tall, lanky, ferocious-looking man "ex
ecuting a war dance on the footboard of
his bed. brandishing a bowie knife in one
JX^oVllEd?'™ '" "- Other a »<
The only trouble with the scheme to
enmesh the jury in the self-defense the
ory was ,i... evident fact that almost
every witness who testified to having
heard Turner make these threats had an
old grudge agfUucc the muroereo m"i» a*S
was altogether too eager to clear t V m n
who Blew him. This eagernesa 'cat wed
the witnesses considerable embarrassment
and confusion when they came to be
cross-examined The money-lenders were
well represented among those who came
forward to help clear th,- defendant but
their testimony was of little value
L. 8. Megginson was the mo** nm
nounced of the witnesses who £nVdete£
mined to secure the acquittal of th.? Hi
fendant at all hazards. Megginsori h™
occupied a seat with the couSeTfor tS
defense all during the trial and also visit?
Ed Frenna in the County Jail daily since
the tragedy In the Crocker building both
of these facts belriK brought out in his
cross-examination. He testified that
Turner had met him on the street one day
In 1895. and in the course of the conver
nation said: "I'll kill that Dago —^
: and yet Megginson said a minute later
In response to a question addressed to
■• him by Attorney W. M Cannon on cross
examination, that he had not spoken to
Turner since 1892. Megginson admitted
that he was very bitter toward Turner
for a number of years before the latter' s
death and that he had helped gather evi
dence to prosecute him on previous occa
sions. He became so badly tangled in Ms
statements that his testimony was robbed
of any value to the defense, while his
manner on the stand could hardly have
had a very favorable effect on the jury
Dr. \V. .R. Cool was another - witness
who had trouble with Turner and swore
ho had heard Turner threaten Frenna
He had seen a bowie knife In Turner's of
llce oh one occasion and Turner had told
him ho Intended to use it on Frenna
Cool also became sadly mixed as to his
dates, however. Turner had had him ar
. rested on one occasion.
A. Bernard, who said he was an attor
ney, testified that he »aw Frenna a few
days before the shooting. Frenna was
greatly worked up over threats mad© by
Turner and threatened to drown himself
A E. Lucas, a private detective, testi
THE EMPORITJM.
The Best TBiS" SFftH^Oftlfl I&J! B^t French
Hams, r i4^ c a ib! P^Coldenßatellazaar. 1 '! Candies, S3!
Wednesday California's i>ROEST--AinERiCA-s orande*t store. Packed in tin
m? y .I hur3day ' 12c Only 10 more business ST^mS 35c
days — then Christmas.
The tremendous volume of business that must be crowded into that brief period
should induce early shopping. The rain need make no — everything is
under one roof here. Comfort, convenience, complete and bountiful assortments,
excellence and economy are all assured. at California's grandest Holiday store.
4 ; __ .
Important Special Sale
Holiday Dress Patterns.
One-third off regular prices to-day and while lot las
We have a choice lot of beautiful Novelty Dress Pattern in the very latest styles and
colorings — including Parisian Novelties, Crepons, Roucle Plaids, etc., ranging regularly in price
from $14.00 to $35.00 per pattern (enough cloth in each pattern to make a complete suit),
which we place on sale at a spec ; al Holiday offering to-day and until entire lot is sold— at
One-third off regular prices.
De 7t ce s C £ctts. m Furniture Special*
You i o not hive to wait until Jin- *fe^To IAJ *-* *1 mm ** *» *£+*** f%m*Mmm
nary to C oak Bir-ain— we are r&f- WOijIieSUBY U II IV .
cutting prices now. **%ST 4.
$ 1 6.5 D Silk-lined Jacket Y^r
$lO— style like picture, made of >^gk "
'ne KVrsev, all silk line ', standing or /l^. \\\
S?S*^iS3^SftSS3«iS /AX V\ Here are a list of specials, any one of
'■£I&*£rZ%%i'£™ O^)fff which would make an acceptable Holi-
y^twjsic'ur^eio- /C_l ¥ •■ da y gift> and a " marked at least one -
!^;:r nnrl^fnS'f .*S f third less than regular prices, in spite of
& ",;:»:.'S $T^;ldal ac a-,,d l "Un,orro. ,w-»*, the fact that all materials and labor in the
" S7?so and sic.co Skirt, cut toss.oo- Furniture business have been greatly
Assorted lot this seassn's fine Skirts, crepon, iray, camel's oHvranr^H •
hair plain and t-imm d, da-k ani fancy plaids,' plain and aUVdIILCU .
trimme 1 Back Ser^e Skirts, some silk lined ; also a few bro-»
caded >nl Dlain silks— not one ever 1e33 than $7.50, most of L..l. m — .
them $9.r0 and sora» of them $12.50— choice to-1 v ar.d Child's Rocker -cobbler s»at, mahogany finish fr»m-.
to-morr.iw-W^nefd^r and Thu's ( ay— for 35. 00 hi * h back and arm,— regularly \i:ih— at. ..51.55
$7.50 Tea Gowns cut to $5 OO— Fine all-
wool fancy Plaid Wrappers, lined wai«ta anJ sleeves, cohrs -. ... _ ,  .... .
red, cray <r blue, trimmei with narrow velvet ribbon, all siz b, folding BookcasO-zMen oak. four shelve*, can bti
regularly $7.50, to-day and to-morrow- We ines '.y mi folded and packed in small space-regular prieeSo.oo-
Thursday $5.00 special to-day only ~ $3.25
a :p>v B-StThlfif&Ziiff Patent Rocker— oak, birch and maho^ny finish, up-
r "*>w /%>'&^. mm%MmmMM^mj^ holstered spring seats, covered in tapestries — reeularlv
i^Jjm? Millinery Sale ' 8 00 "p l for thi> d '>'°*- * 4 - 25
\&s^(^<£ys A 1 trimminis and materials reduced Divans— mahopany finished frames, clipper edges, nphol-
■Ji jL^v^^'TJL *X now instead of waiting un:i January, ••terei in different patterns of tapestries — retrutarlv
T ''^Z*? 0 ? "iTf^ an unu ° opportunity to buy anew — special to-day only $6. 50
* l £f^^&3try at for lne Holidays. A fin* trimmed
'w&zsj, Ei^..\ri. a MASK ia f»; w r,""" > d °>*-*?" j,k nd ' 8 "'
>• former pries • finjsh. large drawer, corvem-nt pigeoa holes, a very pretty
<L- ■,'.} Girls' Trim-ned Hats of fine French f.l». de.. Z n-re 2 ularly |9.C0-specia. mm this day onlr
jr* d h,V%} worth $4..7)— n0w $2.75 " w</a
'C* '-~^.>y Ladies' Trimm;d Hats that were $10 00—
now V 6.00 Ladles Dressing Tab "OS — nahoenny. bey.yd
Lidies' Trimmed Hats that were $ ; 6. o— now $10.00 French p»tt?rn plate nvr-o-. swell front, nicely rdrved—
Lidies' Trimmed Hats th-t w;ra $2-).O3— now $12.00 rejrnhr'r $14.00— thi« d»r on y $11.75
it ♦ Ihe big "tore | ♦ ♦• Until Christ-
ChOICe has one of the GoM- mis we offer our
Holiday most cc 0 ™? Weiy Headed e3tire stock of
■1 a. Tw . r(v fira a , nouuay stocked Wine neanea . d . hea(le4
—--———♦ Th rtv-fiva air LtqtiOrS. and Liquor De - ! Canes. Omes at ono-
SomaMen S woo i Kersey 4 2 V partments in ♦ -♦ third off
Overcoats O.>rcoats, back ! Ams-ica. We carry all kinds of Wines our regular prices. Hinisomily chued
at SIO OO or b.us, hand- , an '^ Liquors in popular demind. IF by any heads, genuine ebony »tick«.
: .' ' , I chine* we s'.ou d no: hvs the vintage $5 00 Can s. one- thirl .ff... $3 34.
s.meiy made- , that you are accuatom to> we wi n $10/0 Canes. oae-third off .$6.67
CZ^\ wel trimmed, per- ghdly get it for you and probably sava $15.00 Cane*, one-third 05.510.00
J^t® feet filt.ng, stylish you money on fiir purchase.
[£J gairaents, and s ; xty Chateau Yquom- White Wine—
_AX\. ii , -, . nt .. the very best produced, just right for
/^F\ all-wcol Covert Cloth > dinne? wine. per e «U0n..... $2.00
/I f(' : F\ Overcoat*— all-the- Marguax Olaret, none better at 44 — — ♦•First quillty
/ II \ year-round weiyhta, any pric?, this lot 7 years od, -»r . Smokers' Meerschiuo
Is- i. rejjuhr siz33, gar- lon. ••■•.. &t.OO Holldav Pipe, in le»th-
V* I i »»u *,«„»»». Burgundy, vinragj of 1891. rich outs? X^iZz;
\ & »,.t. that we prob- . (Jrillon K . $i9O Gifts. Uh B,
V ably c^n never get George GoulOt Cham' -♦ — B nape, real
li',l again to ?eli at th-« pagnc — imp rted— pint hott es per ' am'er mouth* j^ =^>*^
ITT/, price, are offered <loz " 1 - SW.OO-bottle. $1.25. oiece. $8.00, p^tiJV
Ll_lr /m« > nA , ,5, Eclipse Champagno-Cihtor- $5.00. $4 50 *^ /\\
T|TrH Mo ' i:a7 and untll nii-ni ural effervescence. • not car- 0:....53 5O \/ V\
Il\ sold at tonated very little of this fine oil Cigar Cades, /^^V
I I IMI 9/0.00. wine left on ma* ket: Case 1 dot quarts, best quality of (T" "7/ J^N^?
$12.25— b0tt.e. $I.lO— 2 ! leather. 7"" V (Ssgh^ijy
• oz. pints. $13.25— bottle, 600. $3.50 x^=^=^B=SS=»
r/po Chlantl— Quart bottles, £5o Genntne Amber Cigar Holders, 1 , inches
pint?, 3Oc. I long $1.25. 2 inchei long $1.60
fied that he had Informed Frrnna that
Turner bad threatened to kill him. wit
[,,!•! been prosecuted by the dead
man and fell bitt>-r toward him.
Mrs. Prances J. Graham, al whose
house Iteggtnson mak<'s his home when
Indisposed, was another witness who hail
bunkoed by Turner. Bhe also had
heard Turner threaten tho llf<- «">f Fr.-ima.
Bald the lady:
"Turner said he would fill them both
full of lead." referring to Frenna and
Megginson.
i in i ross-examinatlon District Attorney
Murphy attempted to delve Into the pri
vate affairs of the nlliißsi when he was
beaded oft* by Attorney Barnes, who de
dared It was "brutal "
"That applies to you better than to me.
retorted Murphy, "angrily. "I^-t the dog
t;ik»' the bone into his own box."
"What do you mean by addressing such
remarks to "me"" demanded Barnes, al
most choking with wrath. It looked like
trouble, but th>- belligerent attorneys were
on opposite sides of the table; then s
word from the court prevented the dis
cussion from proceeding.
Judah Boas, a money-lender, testified
that he had nine heard Turner say he
would gel even with Frenna. Mr Boas
was an exceedingly amiable witness and
put everybody in good humor. Similar
testimony was given by E i> lament,
■William Schmalz. pawnbroker at Fourth
and Market streets, and on.- or two
others L Herlnghl. another pawnbrok
er was called to the stand, but never got
a chance to testify.
The trial of the case will be. resumed nt
03m this morning. The .1.-f«-nse experts to
finish in about twenty minutes and the
prosecution will wind up In rebuttal by
the noon n-ce««s. It Is expected that the
arguments of counsel will begin right
after lunch
REPUBLICAN GAINS
IN MASSACHUSETTS
Hart Elected Mayor of Boston, Over
coming the Democratic Plurality
of November.
BOSTON, Dec. 12 —The Republicans
were generally successful In the city elec
tions to-day. Only in Newburyport did
the Socialists make a strong showing. In
Boston. Lynn and Woburn. ordinarily
Democratic strongholds, the Republicans
After a spirited campaign the Republi
cans won a net victory In the Boston elec
tion to-day Thomas N "art defeated
ex-Congressman Patrick X Collins, the
Democratic nominee for Mayor, by 19W
• tes The total vote was: Hart (R.). 40.-
M; Collins <D.>. 35.761. The Democrats
however, still control both branches of
the- city government, the Board of Alder
men by a somewhat Increased majority.
The' board stands eight Democrats and
live Republicans. The city, as usual,
voted for license.
The Republican victory was In a great
measure due to the knifing of Collins by
the supporters of John R. Murphy, who
were severely disappointed at their favor
ite's defeat In the caucuses. A remarkably
heavy Republican vote also materially as
sisted In overcoming the Democratic plu
rality of 4000 in the last city election for
Mayor In 1897 and of 6000 at the Stato elec
tion In November.
THE EMPORIUM.
SEATING OF BELL A
SUBJECT FOR DEBATE
American Federation of Labor Spend
a. Day | Arguing, the Status of
the Delegate.
DETROIT. Mich.. Dec. 12.— The question
Of the seating Of a single, delegate occu
pied the American Federation of Labor
Convention tho greater part of to-day's
session. The importance of the action to
be taken in tins matter Is In the fact that
by It the federation expects to establish
a precedent either of the strict upholding
of it* constitutional provisions in rHa
tlon to admission of delegates or of 1.-n
lency In seating In Its convention mem
bers of labor organizations not affiliated
with the Federation.
The case In point Is that of W. 11. Bel,
delegate of the Omaha Central Labor Un
lon. who Is president of the Painters' Un
ion in Omaha, which is allied with the
so-called Lafayette faction. «ho ■ branch
of the craft which has no affiliation with
the federated division, the Brotherhood
of Painters and Decorator! of America,
known as the Baltimore faction. The con
w.ntion adjourned without having reached
an agreement on the Question.
During the afternoon the delegates had
a half hour's diversion listening to Miss
Susan B. Anthony, who made an appeal
to the Federation to join In a petition
to Congress to refer to the State Legis
latures .for Indorsement a proposed six
teenth constitutional amendment provid
ing for the enfranchisement of women.
Maud Reese Davis Weds.
SARATOGA. N V . D.t. 12 -Miss Maud
Roeso Davis of I-os Aner-les. <\al.. for two
years Boprano with the Sou.sa ban'!
J Guitars and Mandolins.
The C F. Martin Guitars and Mandolins
are recognized by leading artists all over the
world as the best.
We are sole agents for San Francisco,
and keep all the different styles.
See our Students' Mandolin for
$2.50.
Clark Wise & Co.,
Cor. Geary St. and Grant Aye.,
Sole Agents WEBER Pianos.
THE EMPOniTJII.
married at Glens Falls to-day to Herbert
Merrill Qulmby of Detroit. Jamos Holden
of Detroit was best man. Potter I'almer
and Honcre Palmer of Chicago were
ushers.
MANY CHANGES IN
SANTA FE OFFICES
Promotions of Four Men High in tho
Councils of the Railway
Company.
CHICAGO. Dec. 12.-An entire reorgan
ization of the operating department of
the Santa ■> road I- to be made on Jan
uary 1. Four high officers of the system
will be promoted. H. U. Mudge. general
superintendent, will become general man
ager- C. F. Res«iegule. generul manager
of the Gulf. Colorado nnd Santa F«
■ranch of th- Santa I*. . will sune»il M
. idjr. as general superintendent: W. C,
Nixon, superintendent of the Chicago
terminal district of the company, will r*»
advanced to general manager of the »}ulf
Co . ! .°r n^ rt . an(l Santa Fe. and Mr. Nixon
will be followed In Chicago by A very Tur
ner, now assistant general {superintendent
at Top^ka. the latter office being abol
ished. The shifting Is the result of the
resignation of General Manager Frey.
Attacked by a Footpad.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 12. -Just after
dark to-nljcht while Mrs. 8. Beede m r«~
turnlnar to her home from downtown .1
man seized her nnd trl.-.| to take h*r
*""?'• * Mra - Bwde. however, made a fljjht
and threw the footpad, who was not a
for help Nelßhbon ran to her rescue.
.hI.J H°°i?'T d *'" ca P« l through a nearby
alley. He did not Ret the pur»e
56
WEDNESDAY. ....DECEMBER 13, 18*)
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Ccmmunications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
II MIX I Ml <•!!!< I . . .Mnrkrt find Third. S. F.
Telephone Mnln IS»GS.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS 217 to 221 SleTemon St.
Irlrphnnr Slain 1474.
Delivered hr inrrirr*, 15 Cent* Per WeeU.
■tact* ' ople«. I « entn.
Term* In Mull. Inrlmllnir I'natKcri
DAII T CAM Mn«'ltiillne «miriflv|. air TPiir. .|l<t.(>n
DAILY CALL (Inrladlnc !<>andnj 1. <l tnuntlix.. .1 •">
H*ll\ <-\I.I. < ltit-ln<llnit Vnnilnv), :t month*. . LH
DAILY CALL — By ItaUtte Month •>•""•«•
M MliV CALL Our Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Vror 100
All puttlmanterß nre authorized to receive
• i.«. rip (ton*.
hauiple ropln nill be forivnrtled nhen rrqnrntrd
IK I (Ml OFFICE . 008 nrniidna;
C. CBORGIS KROGXKSS,
Slenaieer I ..r.lfi. A<lv«*rtl«lnß. Slnrunette Dalld
, Ing, Chlrniro.
M \V york coiuißspoxnnvri
C. C OAJU rOM Herald Sa»«re
jrnw vonic kkimu:«r\tati%tsi
IXItRV 1 1 X I \s JU -:» Tribune Bnildlnc
CHICAGO m:\\ STAXDSI
Sbertnnn lloaaet I. O. »**■ 1 o. : Great Vortli-
r»i Hotel) Frrmont llootri Aaillturlam Hotel.
\K\V YORK m:\\*» STAXDSI
TVnldorf-Attnrln Hotel; A. Ilrentano, SI Union
fcquares Mnrrn> Hill Hotel.
WASUIXGTOX «i> C.\ OKKIC i . .Wrlllnclnn Hotel
J. F. EXQUSH, Correspondent.
BHAVni OFFICI2S— JI27 Mnntifomrrr afreet, cor
ner J'lny, open nntll !♦:"•• o'clock. SOO Haven
• irril. open until B>(M o'clock. «i:t1» >]<-\l!lfi(er
• trirl, open until :»::t«l o'clock. «'!."» l.nrUln
otreet. open until <.«:::<» o'clock. 1!»-H Mlonlon
•treet. open until Hi o'clock. 22U1 Market
»(r<rt. corner < >I»teentli. open nntll O o'clock.
lOIMJ Valencia uln-ci, open until J» o'clock.
ICMI Eleventh street, open until V o'clock. '
>\\ . corner lin iii\->riiiiii| and Kentuck>
■ treet«. often until :• o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
-^ ~— —
Orj h^um— Vaudevil'.t.
Orpht-um— la aJd of the Charity Fund of the Associated
Tfceatri.-al Munatrra. ThurtJay aftrrnocn, December 14.
Columbia— "The Llon'a Mouth."
CuUti rn!a — "The J'atul Card."
TlvoU— **Tbr and Tartar."
Grand Opcra-hnuke— "Th<» Ch'.m^i (M rmindjr."
AlcftXar— "Sfotber Karth."
Alhanibra— O^crria Minstrels.
Cliutoh. Zoo and TLeatcr— Vaudeville erery afternoon as<l
•vr:i!r.jf. ,
OlympU, corner ita^nn a.n<l KUlf Mr^et!*— sp»^l»ltlem.
<"«nitral Turk— Stcejil»>cho>«e an<t Cuney ltlariJ.
l*anorania •.■•■- of Manila Hay. Markrt rtreet, rear
EleSith.
Wriftern Turf At*r<-latlon, Ran Mai eo County— ■ ■*■•.
AUCTION SALES.
rrltra & I>i(s,l— Thursday, lVr^r.bpr 14. at 10:30 o'clock,
l>Ui:ii''n.>, Watc ht-», <tr.. at C.*S MarW< t nr>*rt.
Hy Wra. 'i. 1-aynif— Tbur^ilay *vrnir.K. December 14, at 7:45
•o'clock. '1 r. ■r"U»:h!.r«'<l Trurllr.Kt. at Til Howard street.
AN EXTRfi SESSION. .
Tin every Republican
demand for the frankest publicity of all move
ments pertaining to the calling of an extra
sc^ion.
The Governor, with credit to himself, has made
public the conditions upon which he will issue a
proclamation. Now let the various legislative lead
ers be equally frank and remove their light from un
der the bushel where it is hidden at present. There
is no public impropriety in asking and holding an
extra session of the Legislature, which will fulfill it*
O'r.Mitutional function in the election of a United
States Senator. But we are not aware of any honest
purpose that requires stealth and sinister secrecy.
There will be contention, of course, over the election
of a Senator. The organs of Colonel Bums have
already begun a campaign of falsehood and detrac
tion, but that should not tv.rn the purpose of wise
Republicans to have a Senator cho«en who will so
represent the State as to command the respect of the
whole people. The course of those organs simply
rcintroduces them to the public as defiant of public
opinion and destroyers of party harmony.
Our faith is pinned to the strength of the great
masses of the Kcpuhlican party, who do not wish to
make iqoo a campaign of excuse, apology and de
fense.
BM campaign has been
':ings
n of tl-iC •
Therefore let the knives be taken out of the sleeves
that conceal them and let arms be stacked for a truce
in which tjie people are frankly advised of what is
going on and why.
• of tlit Democrat* to carry
■ ■-w campaign. The
■be <1.. n r i« to
leave a ra : ed by an unpopular and
' " ' ' ■ '.'Jr. Thr
I' ' ;roject it tl a moral
• " Bat but leaving it still
■ incumbent being lack
the United
■ • c difficulties is plain.
I lighted by perf<ci
T] ' *«l it ha* no candidate, and no
■ . ,- .
toy candidate whose electi n
• ' • State aad a damage to
!th a w. ■• •
1 Califor
ea Utten • --rred
• ration.
■ rned we bai
• r have we withheld ap
'! shrTr r •• ■ row , n his power
Mcrat
intrigues, and
General Gatacre has found a philosophic explana
tion for his crushing defeat by the Boers and has
wldcd to the military history a sentence which Eng
lishmen would rather not lee live. He says he
wanted to sec just how strong the enemy was. "
Cablegrams contain the information that ever since
the battle of Modder River every man in Mcthucn's
army has had to be content with half the daily ration.
In history this fact will probably be recorded under
the head of M odder-ration.
* • .
Students of the Hastings College of Law object to
a daily tariff of ten cents to and from the college
l.uildings. ' What a difference there will be after they
get their first probate case.
WfcfS Clcneral Rr.lier said he would eat his Christ
iinner in .c very widely refrained from
I what particular Ch/istmas he meant
THOSE TRADE TREATIES.
ODDLY enough Mr. Kasson, American Com
astcsioaer of Reciprocity, is a man of free trade
sympathies. He is also an Eastern man. with
bat little knowledge and apparently less sympathy in
n to the sreat industries of this State, which he
. lyhjr sacrifice: in order to secure trade advan
•ern manufactures and products. His
French and Jamaican reciprocity treaties sacrifice the
interest* of California exclusively. Of course reci
:y mean? a give and take. The give is de
t manded of California horticulture and the take is en
tirely for the profit of Eastern industries. The French
treaty admits the Standard Oil Company into France.
it accomplished by a reduction of <!r.ty on olive
oil oi 10 per cent; vegetables prepared and preserved.
10 per cent; plants, seeds, etc., 20 per cent: preserved
truit, 10 per cent; prunes, 10 per cent: nuts. 20 per
cent; liquors, 10 per cent. Sparkling wines share a
like reduction. The Jamaica treaty cuts deeply into
the protection of our orange crop. Mr. Kasson
to have made the discovery that the Ja
maica orange comes into market in the early winter
and therefore is not in competition with the California
, orange. If he sought information on that subject he
. would discover that the oranges of California are
seeking a market at every season in which any foreign
! orange appears. The range of orange climate in this
State covers the season of every citrus fruit region in
the world The Porterville. Placer County and Oroville
oranges are early in the market and are followed suc
cessively by our other citrus belts. The early orange
I rone here is of growing importance. Every year adds
to the acreage of orchards north of Tehachapi. The
thermal belt of the foothills, from Tulare County
north to Tehama, has been proved safe from frost
•1 even- way suited to this profitable industry.
The Call has heretofore shown that oranges grown
on t!ie lands of the county poorhouse in Butte County
bate largely to the support of that institution
and promise loon to lift its burden entirely from the
taxpayers. In that county are some of the largest
and finest commercial orange orchards in the State.
The Jamaica treaty puts all of this in peril. The
industry is also Bravely threatened. It may be
Mated as a fact that the only pure olive oil found in
merce in this .country is of Calif.. rnia origin.
Millions of olive trees are growing in this State.
•■ demonstration of the profit
of olives made by Mr. Ellwood Cooper at Santa Bar
1 an. The olive grows here thriftily from one end of
the State to the other. The orchards, from those o f
Mr. Frank ECimball ity to Judge Gray*
-ville. are pr ' u d ripe olive pickles
ntly increasing volume. The counties
San Francisco Bay boast many such fine
1 that of Busby, in Contra Costa, while
tlie B and other orchards in Placer and the
foothill counties are of a«ured reputation. Just why
nteresting and profitable industry should be sac
rificed the Eastern manipulators of these reciprocity
treaties ; n to explain.
The abatement ties on plants- and seeds is
*r cvii blow at California. This State is pe
■'y the climatic field for the origin of improved
Bnrbank ol ~a. the great hybridizer.
seemed to hold the whip hand of nature in the
• • eculiar business, and the plants he
produce^ are as much entitled to protection as the
ry works r.f nn anther are to copyright.
Tin- product] and garden seeds is a flour
ishing industry of Santa Clara County. Nearly every
large seed house in the United States has sought that
• • as its most important source of supply, and
many of them maintain there large seed plantations
rir own.
While raisins are not directly touched by name, a?
"preserved fruits," preserved by desiccation, they arc
exposed to a harmful wrangle over interpretation and
classification. Prunes, the pride of our State, are
directly attacked, and our almond* and walnuts are
given away to get a good bargain and profits tor the
East.
As far a* California is concerned it nay be stated
vith emphasis that this treaty destroys every penny
of value there is in protection to this State. Our
r^anufacturers get but little anyway from thr system,
and it has been supported here solely in the interest
:r vast investment of $100,000,000 in horticul
ture.
To increase the gloom of our position the Presi
dent's message recommend; that the terms of the
Jamaica treaty be extended to I'orto Rico and Cuba.
Threatened by coolie iabor in Hawaii and the Phil
ippines, which implies the destruction of our bed
industry, California la-pins to feel the snub
1 that afflicts a stepdaughter in the family of States.
One feature in the situation is novel. Senator Per
kins in a Washington interview is quoted as saying:
'The reciprocity treaties must be accepted or rejected
by the Senate as a whole, and cannot be amended."
If this is the constitutional situation the peril is
grave. Heretofore it lias been held that every treaty
negotiated by the executive and submitted to the
Senate may be returned with amendments by that
which become the subject of further negotia
tion between the contracting parties. Just why these
, mo«t important commercial treaties become an ex
ception to this rule is not explained. We trust that
1 the Senator is mistaken and that our interests may be
MTvcd by amendments proposed in the Senate,
c MISTAKE OF THE MAYOR.
\* AYOR PHELAN has a right to be well
/ \ pirated with the result of the negotiations
with the Gas Company by which he makes
a saving to the city which he estimates at $6893 a
Thru <i:m is well worth consideration, and to
pave it without diminishing the lighting of the city
i* I food Itroke <>i btioew. When, however, in his
imiration on the Mibject to the Supervisors,
the Mayor «aid: "This compromise, as it will appear.
.^ within the appropriation and gives the city the
• inatioil it has been enjoying for the past
two months, which is apparently satisfactory," he fell
ii to an error. The illumination of the past two
n onths Ins not been satisfactory, nor even "appar
ently satisfactory."
I'ndcr the compromise, v under the former ar
ra'gement. S.'.r. FnnctSCO l| to be lighted for 305
niuhts in the rear. The illumination even upon those
IS will not be thorough, and for the remaining
lixty nights there is to be no illumination at all ex
crpt such as may COTOC to 11c from the stars and from
the moon. Those heavenly bodies have BoubtleM BO
other duty to perform than that of lighting the niH
niphts of San Francisco and would supply the illumi
nation were it not that fogs in summer and clouds in
winter interfere. As it is there are sixty nights in
the year, an average of five nights a month, when
the streets are turned over to darkness and Egyptian
gtoOOL
Such a condition of affairs i; not "apparently satis
•y" to any except those who delight in darkness.
The* will be no fault found with the Mayor for sav
ing nearly $7000 to the public treasury, hut the people
would have preferred an arrangement providing for
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
more lights on the streets. It is a j?ross absurdity
for a city of this size to rely on moonlight for street
illumination, and the absurdity is heightened by the
hct that in this particular city the number of clear
moonlight nights that occur in a year could be
coi-nted on the fingers of one hand. It is high time
that the old way of trusting to the moon for illumina
tion should cease and a new order of things begin.
For that reason there will be a good deal of objec
tion to the Mayor's statement that the lighting of the
past two months has been apparently satisfactory.
A GRATIFYING feature of the campaign now
going on in the interest of municipal improve
ment and progress is the earnest and active
pan which has been taken in it by members of im
provetnent clubs and similar organizations in all parts
of the city. Rarely has any movement in the history
of San Francisco brought into co-operation so many
representative men. Rarely has any considerable
number of business men been so energetic and so
unsparing of time and private interests in any public
undertaking. The whole course of the campaign i=.
in fact, one which the intelligent citizen can watch
with satisfaction, for it abounds with evidences of a
newly awakened spirit of civic patriotism animating
nearly all classes of the people.
Even if the bond issues should be defeated by rea
son of a lack of the necessary two-thirds vote in
their favor the community will profit much by a
canvass of the kind that is now going on. The in
terest in great municipal questions which has been
excited in the popular mind by the various proposals
now submitted to discussion is bound to have a
lasting effect upon local politics. The business men
and the workingmen of the city will hereafter take a
keener interest in municipal affairs. City elections
will be something more than a struggle between rival
bosses and their henchmen, and the intelligence of
the community will give a more earnest study to
local problems and more zealous support to every
veU directed movement to remedy existing abuses
or improve good things to betttr.
There are reasons, however, which justify sanguine
hopes that the benefits of the active canvass now be
ing made by so many gentlemen of light and lead
ing in the community will not be derived by indirec
tion only. The prospects are that every proposition
included in the two elections will be carried, and that
San Francisco will start forth in the new era with a
grtat bound forward along the path of progress. The
only issue upon which much of a fight has been made
is thatjDf park extension, and that is one which ap
peals so strongly to so many classes of people and
assure* Mich wide benefits for all time to come it is
hardly likely the opposition to it can show much
strength at the polls.
San Francisco needs every one of the improve
ments proposed in the issues of the two elections
which have been called. The park extension is as
necessary as the lewers and the hospitals. It is a
measure of public health as well as of civic adorn
ment. It will virtually bring the park down to the
corner of Van Ness avenue and Market street, and
tr.us render it far more accessible than at present.
Fortunately, all the arguments for improvement arc
bring presented strongly and clearly, again and
npain. The opponents of progress may be stubborn,
but the zeal and the energy of the advocates of im
ptovement will overcome their antagonism and ac
complish victory for the city.
THE TROUBLES OF GREAT BRITAIN
WHAT advantage the British Government de
rives from the censorship which supervi ? es.
checks and almost suppresses reports from the
seat of war in South Africa is not clear to the pub
lic, but it is evident the officials deem it to be con
siderable, for they maintain it in the face of a strong
opposition an.l a growing desire and anxiety on the
part of the British people for complete news. In
spite of the censors enough has been made known
to show that the situation is by no means encourag
ing to the hopes of those sanguine imperialists who
expected Bullcr to begin an immediate march on
Pretoria as soon as his corps was disembarked.
It is now two months since the war began, and up
to this time every battle has been fought on British
soil. The first rush of the Boers has been checked,
but it has not been beaten back, and their troops
continue to hold the ground gained in Natal and
Cape Colony. Moreover, it is now evident the dif
ficulties which confront Buller are political as well
as military. There i» danger that the Dutch clement
in the British provinces may rise to assist their kins
men of the Transvaal and the Orange Free State,
and that danger is more serious than any which is
threatened by the Boer armies now in the field. It
is mainly for the purpose of preventing such a rising
that Duller has had to stretch his army across the
whole frontier and move forward by widely scattered
columns instead of by one.
To add to the perplexities of the Government other
dangers threaten the empire. For the purpose of
preventing French enterprises in the valley of the
Nile the British recently arranged a treaty with Italy
which among other things included an alliance
against Abyssinia. It now appears that Menelck re
gards the arrangement as in some measure threaten
ing to himself, and a recent dispatch from Cairo an
nounces that he is clo«?ely watching the progress of
events ij> South Africa, and is strongly inclined to
attack the British forces in the regions around Abys
sinia.
Another portent of evil is seen in the danger of
famine which hangs over a large district of India. It
is fairly certain that considerable sums of money will
have to be expended there in relief work, and. more
over, the discontents which invariably occur among
a people in times of distress may lead to outbreaks
which will require a strong force to subdue. Thus
the British may have wars in Northern Africa and in-
surrections in India to meet if they do not promptly
gain such, victories as will discourage the antagon
isms that are felt against them.
Under these circumstances it is perhaps for political
rather than military reasons the censorship is made
so rigid in the supervision of reports from South
Africa. The Government may deem it better to keep
the British public in suspense than to give out infor
mation of disaster or weakness that would incline the
Dutch of the Cape, the Abyssinians and the discon
tented tribes of India to believe the time has come for
them to strike.
Latest rumors in circulation in London are to the
effect that the War Office is withholding news that
would indicate that the survivors of the Stormberg
fipht owe their safety more to their legs than their
valor. Is it possible that Aguinaldo has swum over to
Soi'th Africa to lead the way for them?
The National Democracy has appointed a press
agent for the coming Presidential campaign. It would
seem to a disinterested observer that the Democracy
will have greater need for a press censor after the
Democratic spell-binders get to work*
THE BOND ISSUE CfiMPfllGN.
NO MORE FULL
PAY GIVEN ON
LONG VACATIONS
A New Rule at the
University.
LAW SCHOOL IN REBELLION
Governor Gage Not Wanted on the
Hearst Commission — University
Powerless in Grip of a
Water Combine.
Xo professor of the State University
wlll after next year be absent for a wh"in
•• tr or more on full pay. This was de
cided t.y the regents at yester<l;t\ s
meeting on the recommendation of r'roVi
dent Wheeler. The new rule. contain©*
in a resolution Introduced oy Regent
Foote. provides professors and assistant
professors shall only be given leave on
two-thirds pay, the balance being used to
pay a substitute. This rule will not ap
ply to professors who have been seven
yearß at the university until they have
had the privilege enjoyed in the past of
one year's leave on full pay.
The refusal of the Hastings Law Col
lege trustees to move to the Affiliated
Colleges was discussed, and Regent
Rimes said that the law college had de
cided that it would never go so far out.
President Wheeler said the law school
would never be a success until It be lo
rated at Berkeley. He deprecated having
tho school so far away from the parent
institution ami said one is necessary to
the other. He also asked that the medl
cal school and its exai-t relation to the
university be made the subject of an In
vestigation, as he had plans for its future
an.i thought it might be transferred, at
least partially, to the Affiliated College.
Special committees were appointed for
both the law and medical school matters.
The Alumni Association sent a commu
nication stating that many of the classes
would like to create funds for special
purposes if th<» repents would take
chnrpe of them and give the movement
th.-ir ofli, -i.'il sanction. The matter was re
terred to President Wh»-rler to send a let
ter to the alumni and to put the matter in
sonic definite shape before the regents
at a future meeting. The president saul
that there is a great field fur the gener
osity of alumni classes in the library.
Librarian RowelL who has been in
twenty-five years, was given a year's
• on full pay and Refer
ence Librarian Jones was allowed six
months on half i>ay, the president saying
that all the library force worked harder
than It is reasonable to expect.
Tin- maintenance >.i continuous sessions
throughout the summer vacation for th»*
• of school teachers was highly mi
i by tli<> president, who asked the
the matter in hand with
thoroughness. The matter was referred
to the president, ami he will formulate a
plan to submit to *ne board.
Money wa.- appropriated to install the
gift of the Alaska Kur Company In the
quarters provided by th<* Harbor Com
missioners in the ferry building, and it
Will be placed on exhibition at once.
The contract for supplying water for
the university brought on a debate that
was afterward carried into an executive
session. Regent Denlcke moved the adop
tion of the report recommending that the
• with the Alam.-.ki Water
Company be :< o< w< d (or three yean. Re
gent Retnsteln said that under the oOß
the university paid a set price for
SU.'JUO gallons a day and additional for
every gallon used. lie said that two years
ago 15,000 gallons was the dally average
and be believed It is very little more now,
nould there be any day when over
30.000 gallons should be used there was a
bill presented f-^r it. Regent l><-ni«-ke said
the contract is the best thnt can be ob
tain.-.1. The water company Ih about to
combine with the Contra Costa Company,
an.l he hud been given a siiKKostlon that
aft-r the combination the terms mi^ht be
ible than those now offered.
"Well, it is very plain that we are up
against it." said Regent Keinstein, "and
we shall hay« to tak. our medicine. The
committee waa Instructed to try to have
a clause inserted giving the regents the
privirege Of breaking the contract at the
end of one or two years should th.
ii>b t>> establish an Independent supply.
The report of the special committee that
a suitable hOUSe ShOUld be erected for the
president »t a o " of 06,001 was accepted
and the committee will consult with If.
Benard and report later on plans and
specifications. Professor Lang wns given
i is leave of absence on full pay.
Forty days' additional time was allowed
Dtractors of the Wilmerding School
♦ ions of respect to the late Regent
J. \V« ■> t Martin wore passed, and Mrs.
Hearst was thanked for her generosity
and work on behalf of the university.
Regent Denkke moved that Governor
Qage be added to the commission having
in charge the Hearst architectural mat
ter, but Regent Reinsteln raised many
objections and the motion wns with
drawn.
State Superintendent of Instruction j
Kirk, who presided, appointed Regents
Budd, Barnes and Reinstein on the Law <
College committee and Regents Rodger*
Pardee an.l Keinsteln on the Medical
College committee.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. D. Stevens, ex-pontrnaster of Sacra
mento, is ut the Palare.
E. S. Valentine, the Fresno Insurance
man. Is a puest at the Lick.
J. li. de Jarmatt. a capitalist of Coluta,
is registered at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, the millionaire fruit
man, in a guest at the Palace.
E. T. Dubolse. a wealthy mine owner
of Stockton. Is at the Palaro.
H. d« l-aguna, a lending attorney of
Stockton, Is a guest at the Grand.
A. G. Keagle. County Recorder, of
Stockton Is registered at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. Vogleman of VaJlejo are
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
State Senator H. V. Morehouse Is regis
tered at tlie Lick from his home In San
Jose.
A. Sullivan, a wealthy merchant of E.I
PMO, Tex., is at the Lick, accompanied
by his wife.
Ex-State Bcnator L. A. Whltehurst has
come up from his home In Gllroy an<i Is
staying at the Lick, v
Alden Anderson of Sulsun. Speaker of
Urn AlMnMy, has come down to the city
and Is at the Grand.
I. K. Peyton, hanker, mining man and
capitalist, of Spokane is one of the late
arrivals at the Palace.
I'nited States Marshal H. Z. Osborne
of l^.s Aiim h is a guest at the Palace,
where he arr ved last night.
It Yamaguchi, a Japanese merchant of
considerable prominence In his own coun
try. Is a at the Palace.
VY. A. Pavlow, a traveler from Pt.
Pftersburg, Russia, is among those who
have lately arrived at the Palace.
Majnr an<] Mm. A. \Y. Jane*, two promi
nent loctoty people of Victoria. B. C, are
am..ng the arrivals of yesterday at the
Palace. .
G. "W. Trimble, a banker, and O. E.
Fright.-, a mining man, are both registered
at the Palace from their homes la Lead
vllle, Colo.
Fred Eaton.* Mayor of Log Angeles, is
at the Lick, accompanied by hi* wife. He
haa come ;o the city to attend the coming
convention.
Dr. R. L. Wilson, one of the best-kn^wn
medical men of Austin, Tex., is at the
Occidental while on a short pleasure trip
through this State.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon is
staying at the Occidental, where lie will
remain until his departure for the East
and Europe, which will take placa within
i the next few days.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT
THE
WELSBACH COMPANY PATENTS
FULLY SUSTAINED
In the U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
RESTRAINING ORDERS ISSUED
AND
ALL INFRINGERS WILL BE PROSECUTED.
The United States Circuit Court of Appeals In Its opfaslOM of p.r mber 7.
1599, finally and fully sustains the Welsbnrh Company's patent: deal >rs and
users and manufacturers are cautioned against infringement of the WHs-
bach patents. Judge Lacombe, in the United BtatM < Mr-cult Court, handtd
down the following opinion Saturday. Dmnbtf 9. 1*99. on motion t) re-
strain complainant from sending circulars to the customers of the American
Incandescent Lamp Company: "Lacombe. Circuit Juice. Irrespective en-
tirely of the preliminary objection that affirmative rtJJcf of this sort will nV»t
be granted to defendant, a question not now passed up^n. th«re seems no
good grounds for criticism of complainant's circular. It states that Judge
Townsend enjoined the 'manufacture and sale* of Infringing mantles, and
he did grant such an Injunction. And this court has enjoined the sale of
mantles which the person enjoined did not himself manufacture, when his
past conduct In the matter of Infringement created a special equity In fa-
vor of the complalntant against him. It is true that the circular goes fur-
ther and threatens suit against persons who sell mantles but who never
have been at all concerned in manufacturing or causing them to be manu-
factured.
"In other words, It threatens suit upon the patent as If It were a patent
for a product. But the complainant Insists that the threat Is made In good
faith; that it intends to bring suits against sellers of the infringing mantles
upon the theory that the patent Is really one for a product. In view of the
peculiar language of the claim, this court is not now prepared to hold that
such contention would be wholly without merit, or that the complainant
could not succeed against a mere seller. Moreover, It Is contended that the
seller of a purchased mantle himself promotes the taking of the final step
in the process, and such contention has not yet been passed upon adversely
to complainant.
"These are questions which should be left to be determined In one of such
s'ults rather than here.
"If complainant Intends to prosecute one or more sellers, and there Is
nothing before the court to induce a disbelief i n Its assertion that It does
bo intend, it would seem to be its proper course to warn dealers to desist
from selling."
December 9, 1899,-Restralnlng orders have been reentry Issued In the
United States Circuit Courts against the United Incandescent Lieht Com-
pany, St. Louis Incandescent Mantle Company, Eckerle Electrical Company.
H. Kupfer and the Newby Incandescent Mantle Company.
All infringe™ will be prosecuted. Whether manufacturers, dealers or
users.
To the public: Avoid liability of Infringement. Tak* nothing but the
genuine— always in sealed boxes bearing our register- ark "Wels-
»>ach." WSLBBACH UOBT OOMFAMT
STREET CAR MEN
OBJECT TO THE
PROPOSED RATES
Committee Listens to
Secretary Clayton.
Passage of the Proposed Ordinances
Would Mean a Virtual Confisca
tion of Property or Keduced
Wages to Employes.
Secretary Clayton of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Railway was the only rail
way ofllcial who appeared before the Ju
diciary Committee of the Board of Super
visors yesterday afternoon to argue
against the recommendation for passage
of the two ordinances providing for the
Hale of car tickets to school children at
eight for 25 cents and to workmen at
seven for 25 cents during certain hours of
the day. Mr. Clayton made a forceful
plea In behalf of his company against the
proposed ordinances, and at his request
consideration was postponed until next
Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, writes rep
resentatives of other street car lines will
be given a chance to be heard.
"The passage of these ordinances." said
Mr. Clayton, "means a virtual confisca
tion of the property of the San Mateo
road. It will entail a loss of one-third In
our gross receipt* and will work a hard
ship from which we will not be able to re
cover. If our receipts are cut clown we
could not pay operating expenses. Even
now we are paying no dividends, and we
are certainly entitled to ■ reasonable re
turn on our Investment, and the reduction
In fares will prevent this*. The passage
of these ordinances will compel us to re
duce wages to motormen and conductors.
We nay out now 60 per cent of our gross
receipt* In wages."
Mr. Clayton quoted an opinion of for
mer City Attorney Creswell at the time
when ex-Supervisor Clinton presented res
olutions making street car fares I! 1 * cents.
The opinion holds that the Supervisors
have no power to limit the act of January
1, 1878, which provides for the regulation
of street car fares by the State, and hail
no power either expressed or Implied to
pass or enforce the proposed ordinances.
Chairman Bylngton replied to the argu
ments of Mr. Clayton and stated that un
der the act of 1563 the Supervisors were
empowered "to license and regulate hack
ney coaches and other public passenger
vehicles and to fix tho rates to be charged
for the transportation of persons." etc.
Re referred to Los Angeles. Toronto and
other cities which had put Into effect the
reduced fares. In the case of Toronto,
Mr. Clayton said that the street car com
panies there could stand for a reduction
In fares because coal was $1 75 a ton and
wages are IS 2-3 cents and 15 cents an
hour, while here they are 22 cents.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.- H. Carolan of
California is at the Fifth Avenue; Morris
Jacoby of Los Angeles is at the Marlbor
ousch; S. S. Porter and D. H. Payne of
San Francl!«ro are at the Vendome; Mrs.
Holsman and Miss A. Reed of San Fran
cisco are at the Normandfe; Mr. and Mrs.
M. de Labruss, Ferdlnando Avedano,
Gaudenzlo Salassa and Louis Parlsot of
San Francisco are at the Martin: A. S.
Bles of San Francisco Is at the Everett;
Henry T. Oxnard of San Francisco Is at
the Waldorf. •
■ ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DIME OF 1«M-O. T.. City. If y,, u
have a dime of ITO4 with the mint mii-k
"8" upon it >ou can obtain $5 for f
any dealer in old coins; but It you have
on*? without such mint mnrk and of that
date It is worth just ten <
MARCONI'S SYBTEM-Su'iscrlber. City.
If you will go to the periodical room of
the San Francisco Free Library you will
find In the June number of the McClure
Magazine an exhaustive article on Mar
coni's wireless telegraph, which gives an
lnteresti.ni? account of his first attempts
In the groat work ho has accompli*
THE BEST PAPER- R. M. R.. Golden
Gate, Oal. This department <W* n<>t ,)•]
vertlse the merits of imy firm, business
or article, so cannot answer the question
as to which is the best Eastern *
paper on the particular subject you write
about. Would advise you to jro to a 1 lc
•tore, purchase a copy of each and Judge
for youraelf.
Cal. glace fruit 50c p*r Ib at Towns. ad' ..•
Special information supplied «j a u y t o
bualneas houses md public men h» th«
*«™ * "PP'ng Bureau .a
Comery atreet. Telej
Useful Christmas Presents
• r|rul 'y 1U • filial with
good Writing I v rlb .
bons> : hrl.t
« Co.. ,41 Mark
The Blind Will Sinjr.
The blind pupil* of the Institution for
the Deaf and the Blind will glvo their *n-
T»^\™'l cm Cone .r rt . on Bu nday afternoon.
December 1,. at 3 o'clock, in the assembly
hall of the Institution at Berkeley Th»
■ I^/,," 16 Institution has Invlrr.l
all friends of the puplla and a larj?o audl
ence Is m •" * Uil
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect ruccess. It soothes the ehlM. softer.s
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, r-s i
lates the Bowels and Is th» best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In »»#r/
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Window's Soothing Syrup. t!c a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist excursions Tta
Santa Fe Rout*, with lat — t vestlbuled. gas lit.
upholstered sleeping car». through from Cait
fornla to Boston every Wednesday St. Paul
every Sunday and Friday, to fit. Louis every
Sunday, and to Chicago and Intermediate
points every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday
Call at ticket efflce. 623 Market street Co* full
particulars.
HOTEL DEL. COUONADO-Take advantage,
of the round-trip tickets. Now only mo by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel: longer stay. 13 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The California Limited
On th« Santa F* Rout*. Connectln* trala
leave* at 5 p. m. Monday. Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. One day to see Loa An«*!». >n J
beautiful Pasadena If desired. AH meals
served In Harvey's dining car*. Finest
equipped train ml beet track of any line to the
East. Get full particulars and handsome folds*
at ticket ofllc*. C2B Market street.
First Registration Closed.
I>«ristratl-in for U
cember 27 closed last night, with the f.»l
v registrations, fiffi;
nb« r 7
' ■ ' lon for the
election of lx rnl..-r
ADVERTISEMENTS
- "* t m m i m
The Best Food
for Infants
Nature planned that infants
should have only milk for at
least the first year of life. But
thin milk, skimmed milk, will
no* nourish. It's the milk that
is rich in cream, or fat, that
docs the work. This is be-
cause fat is positively neces-
sary for the growing body.
Scott's Emulsion
contains the best fat, in the
form of Cod-Liver Oil, for all
delicate children.
They thrive greatly under its use.
Soon they weigh more, eat more,
play better and look better. It's just
the right addition to their regular
food. The hypophosphitcs of lime
and soda in it are necessary to the
growth and formation of bone and
teeth.
o^v-, At * 11 dnjrrints; Sac. and Ji ae.
SCOTT & BOWSE, Chemist., New York.We Have Not Advanced the
Prices on Sealskin Garments
Notwiihsundlna th: recent
enormous raise in Th: prices of
Sealskins, we are still offerin;
garments at former prices, fully
25 %
BELOW what others are charg-
ing for similar goods.
Sealskin Jackets $Kfl«
LONDON DYE fJ?lt/V UP-
%— M~u*\j-u->_r>_r^>j>_^j-i_ri-n-ri r» n n — - - ■»
Fur Neck Scarfs.
Curved Stons Marten Opossum
Scarf, i head and 5 tails $2.60
Sane In Sible color $8.00
Horseshoe Stone Marten, Opos-
sum Scarf, 2 heads and 8
tails $3.50, $4 00. $5.00
Same Scarf in Sable c010r.. .54.50
H. LIEBES & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED
TUB LARGEST Fl/J* HOUSE IN THE WOULD,
Nos. 133, 135, 137 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
( AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN «J.
ONLY THIS WEEK,
BT GENERAL REQUEST. ONE OF THE !
SEASON'S GREATEST niTS.
THE CHIMES OF
NORMANDY!
NEXT TVEEK-"FLEDERMAUS" (The
Wat), bj BtrauMi. th* W'altt Kitik.
Vfual IViCf* We. STe. ISc. U and 10c
Ooo<J R**rrv*S Pfat at faturJay '•:tun««. He.
Branch Tlrk« OCBea Emp<iriuia.
COLUMBIAN ■«,
Erca*nn*r.t cf the DUtlnrul*h*a Actor.
™ FREDERICK WARDE
T cthrr with MR. ANI> MRS. CI.ARENCE M.
BRJ'NE and an Exrellrnt Company.
TO-NIGHT. ALSO FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS.
"THE LION'S MOUTH.
TirCnSDAT NIGHT AND SATURDAY MAT-
ISKr. '-ROMEO AND JULIET."
FCXDAT ■■....■ -RICHARD III."
PRirFQ EVENING 2,-Jc to 91
1 rVlVfl-O MAT. PAT _-.. to Tr ...
' >•. \V^k-"VIRGINIUS." "FORTUNES
J ■ •• >L." eta.
I
CALIFORNIA THEATER k«
a lay-off next week.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
LAPT TIMi: TO-NIGHT OF
"TTHti l=rjt\T/*L CrtRD."
r^-MORRn'Vv-. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 1
NIGHTS AND SATX'RDAT MATINEE.
Crar.i Revival of th* Grrat Enfllsh Racine
Drutr.a^
"THE SrOHTIKG DUCHESS."
SPECIAL 1
OsaamiclaK Nv»t pun day afternoon.
the B:* lU*-T!ae S»-n««ttcn from th* Ea»t.
"THE HOTTEST C3OH IH DIXIE."
I'W'nfJ t.y 40 ..r t!i» l^ad'.nr ColorM •■•e<»r».
L*ar«T» and Com»-<Jlan«> of Thttr
Ra«. lnclu<3!nr the ORIGINAL
CLOIUNDT CHORUS.
Zf/hamtfra-
(THE I'LOI'LK'S HLAYHOUSJi.)
Eddy and Jones Sis. Phone SOUTH 770.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TUEORIGSAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
GRAND OPEN AIR FRIDAY
NI'JHT. * Xt i o'clock, of rlaarlc uni i^pular
CiU«ir. by the Georgia ChallT.se Hand of U
plec*a.
A MONSTER PERFORMANCE
Evnlnr— l>. tic. XSc SOc
Matin**— ISc. 2Sc. 35c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT—
ULACK TATTI TROUPADORS 1 .
Secure Peat« ThumJay nnd Don't Watt fcr
the Blc Cru?h Sunday Nljtht.
popular l>r!'*'»—l"<\l > r!'*'»— 1"<\ I*c. 85«, Wic. 75e.
matinee saturday and fundat.
lie. 150. S^: anJ
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ENTIRELY REDECORATED AND RENO-
VATED.
PACKED TO THE I«OORS AGAIN LAST
NIGHT!
VrenXtlz^* Jast Like It U»e4 to I>!
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY
MATINEE.
The Triuir!rh»r.t Cctalc Opera,
TAR and TARTAR
rrrser.tf^l b> • Superb Cut, Including
FERRIS HARTMAN.
POPULAR PRirES-3 AND EO CENTS.
TVl^hon* for E<at«. Hu*h 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER
LAST "WEEK OF
FT.ANOS POWERS' Beautiful Mexican Play.
"MOTHER EARTH"
j'.-'c- >■! by the !jtuct>abl» Fu» Kr.t'.t'.ej.
••UP TO WATKINS."
MATINEE SATURDAY AVI' GUNDAY.
MfVi I NlKht— Reappearance of
(RME6T HASTINGS,
TOn will be presented the wlttleal comedy of
t*e »ea#on.
"DP?. B.LL"
12 Q R HJSV jfS. ALBERT
i [] n HOEFILCH
*f^ * *• 5^S ilj* -=;erttr and
' H ' Sl3a 'A
j %g 3 {^%^ 116 Grant Av.
TcUphast
OKKEK SU.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Children's Fur Sets for
Holiday Gifts:::
/ *2 c up.
Every garment beautifully fin-
ished, fit anJ quality guar-
utta
- AMUSEMENTS.
TOMORROW,"™
Thursday Afternoon,
*? THE Orpheum,
At 1 0 CLOCK SHARP.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
XX AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
— THE
Associated Theatrical Managers
of San Francisco.
IT GRtATESr BILL EVER OFFERED.
FREDERICK WARDE and MRS. C M
BRI'XK In the Ualouny Scene from •ROMEO
AND JL'I-lET." Columbia Theater.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY, la 'THE LIT-
TI-EST GIRL." fivm the California.
An act of "THE CHIMES OF NORMANDY."
from the Grand Ot*ra ii u-e.
An art of "M'.th«T Karth" frcrn -v,, Alcazar.
CAMILLE DARVILLE. CORNILLE.
GEORGE Fri.LER GOLDEN. HAMILTON'
HILL and the Crtam of Vaudeville, frum the
Orph»um.
ANNA LIGHTER and FERRIS HARTMAN.
from the Tivoll.
The ARAT'iAN ACROBATS nf the GEOR-
GIA MIN.-=Ti:i:LS. fnvn th» A 1 ham bra.
MAJOR MITK. frr.in th* Chute*.
THE MOHRINC. ISROTHKRS. from th«
Olvmpla.
GRAND OPEN AIR CONCERT AT NOON
BY THE S.V*V CHALLENGE GEORGIA MIX-
STREI.S HAND.
Curtain His:s at 1 o'clock sharp.
CARRIAGES AT $:*>.
The Mnnn£er« and Actors have helped
every known charily. Now help them.
R»F»rved P'.'at.«. »1 50. $1 and JOe General
Admlffl^n, l"c and E*\
MATrNEE TO-DAY ("WEDNESDAY). DEC. it,
Parquet. 2Jc. and seat; balcony. 10c; children
IV". any part.
ENTIRE BILL AN INSTANTANEOUS HIT
The Famous Legitimate Stars
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The Monolo^ist.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Bir Collection of Vaudeville Stars.
LAST WEEK.
CAMILLI D'ARVILLE,
Queen of Comic O:#ra,
O/ YMF*! A eoor ST.,
\*JJL. M MWi M ifA COR. MASON
The only fre« vaudeville chow la the city.
A REALLY GREAT BILL.
MOHRING BROTHERS,
Cyclone Acrobats, direct from Europe.
CAD WILSON,
The aoubrette with the swe»t voice and the
rack of Klondike nuggets.
HASTINGS AND HALL, and a ■ it of oth«r
Vaudeville Stars.
A I M belt and chatelaine, built of nug-geta,
belonging to CAD WILSON, can be »e»n In the
ihow wlndoKs cf Maurice Van Vl»it, 844 and
MS Market st.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINKKS EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT. EVERY FRIDAY.
WESTERN TL'RF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec. 4-16, 1539. Inclusive.
Six high-cla^s running race* every week-day,
rain or ehlne, txcinnlng at I JO p. m.
The Ideal Winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons *tcp directly fr.rm the railroad cars Into
a ruperb »m»nd Ftand. »;las»-enckised, where
comfortably h'.'U«*d In bnd w<i»th«-r they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of th" raceo.
Train* lra.v* Third and Tjwn^cnd streets at
S:W. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m., and 11:1b. 12: K. 1I:.V)
aad 1:8 p. m.. returning Immediately after last
race and at 4:45 p. m. Rear rars reserved for
woK'ti and their escorts. No smoking. Valencia
street 1» minutes later.
San .!'-«•• and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at '.!'■*' V. m. Leave San Bruno at <■*)
and 4:42 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanfnran and return.
Including admission to track, I) 23.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. II ORKgWi Bwretary an^ Mansrer.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND^ZOO.^7 EAE A X iBa
FRANK MALL
P'lMuttn "Wallace," the Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE MAJOR MITE
In His Great Imitation of Cornllle.
ELLA HURT, Coasting the Chutes, and a
Great Shew
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) EVENING,
AMATEUR rINAFORE MINSTRELS.
Phone for Seats. Park 13.
STEEPLECHASE.
fFVT7II PUl' Eth * Market sts.-Open
tCil 1 HAL rA f R. daily from Ito ll:lTp. m
Admission Includes the thrilling ride on the
horses. Every winner receives a present. Sue-
oetslve winners will be 'given a handsome JIO
pold watch. Professor Hill, the high wire ar-
Uit. mectianlcal bands, razzle-dazzle, meat
Reman carrousel, bicycle circus, aerial trolley,
barrel of love, earthquake floor, mystic mlr-
r< r». human cage, haunted spring, lively blower
and a score of others. The completely new
stock of prizes Includes Xmii presents and
toya. loc-A<lialssion-10c.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13. 1899.
MINERS KILLED
BY AN EXPLOSION
Disaster in ihe Cumber
land Mine.
SEVEN MEN ARE INJURED
MANGLED BODIES OF TWO VIC-
TIMS RECOVERED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 12.-An explo
slpn of gas occurred yesterday afternoon
a tew minute* before 6 o'clock at the
Cumberland mine, one of the large
proups which are shipping so much coal
to San. Francisco and Honolulu for the
United States Government. The news
reached here !n vague rumors late last
night, but It was not then supposed that
there had been any fatal results. It was
only aXter a wild night ride on a handcar
over ninety or more miles of railway that
the details were learned.
It swras that while the miners were at
la the No. 11 long wall diagonal
No. 4 of the Unloo Colliery
• ••mpanys mine, one of them. T. B
-«u.ldenly broke through the
roof of cuaJ and tapped a leak of (as
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
GREENBERG
.../\ND...
GREENBERG
81 GRANT AVENUE.
PURSES.
Real Alligator, calf lined: regular
price. II M •] 00
Real Seal, black and colored; regular
price. 11 15 75c ;
i GLOVES.
Two-clasp, pray and mode '•Mocha ';
regular price. $1 M TR P
Two-cla?p French Kid. all colors;
rerular price, 1150 < i -•,
UMBRELLAS.
English Gloria, steel rod; rerular
rrire. $1 fO . <JOe
Extra fine English Gloria, iteel rod;
regular price. 51 ■ 75
HANDKERCHIEFS.
Extra fine Lawn Embroidered Edge;
regular rrlce. 2Sc llic
French Embroidered Edge; regular
price, 12c too
Fancy Lace Edge; regular price 12Hc. Oc
HOSIERY.
Ham I black: regular price 20c. 12 l-2c
Special, 40 gauze, plain and ribbed;
rerular price 3Sc 25c
Gent*" Socks, black and tan; regular
price »c 12 l-2c
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE ATTENTION!
Send to us for samples of Laces. Trlmmlnra. |
Embroideries. Ribbons, Linings, etc.
I
Come Just to Look
Newest
China wure
Crockery
Glassware
I.a rii
Ornament*
Xoveltle*
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES
Come Just to Look.
I Great American Tea Go.
Central 210-212 Grant aye.,
Stores : Bet. Suttcr and Post st*.
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
52 Market St., foot California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
WHY
Use a Welsbach Light?
The reliable dealer says it's
; the best. The unreliable dealer
always has something "just as
, good." Buy it, and he gets the
"just as good," and. you get a
counterfeit.
Th» Genuine Gives Trade
Satisfaction. In WELSBACH
Sealed Box Bearing Mark
ALL DEALERS
Bevxre of Cemn'rrfrii ManUrt and chcam
imitation bran parti.
lERCES
hJr FAVORITE
SCRIPTip
11 FOR WEAK
*<^EaP^^ >^afrS*a! r<>m^dy for liooorrh«av
JSBr *.vur •Tymm Gleet. 3 per mat orrh»»,
fcjf^r «a 1 i»i9i'i.\a "hltet, DDntturtl .Jljl
Bfmm OcuhvkJ g chiTgm. or anr innr.-ma-
■■•l »•» to »«rie««r«. tloa. irritation or ni «ra
>■■ "jPrtnau «ni»c'.«. tlcn of mncom mrin-
f>* VKtEvMS CHlvimCa. branea, Non-a*trin*fnt
I^Ac;mC"»mti.o HH * old by Drvanriau,
O. T.A. 7S rutr ** ut I" Pl»>n wrapper,
•» v ■ urr^iiat Mat m. laeoua*,
' DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDriU UllLlJ r » - bootblacks. bath
' j ** ** licureK. billiard table«.
brewers, boolcbindera, candy-maker«. canners.
' dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanfrera, printers, painters, «ho« factories,
stablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors. etc.
BUCK A* BROS..
' Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IA/. X. HESS,
HOTAEY POJ •: AND ATroSNKT-AT-I.aW.
Tenth Floor. Room Id;.. Claua Bpreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at.. below Powell.
San Francisco
Al FT* O nil I I Comer Fourth and
CAFE RO!nL^'^ r^
V l l I. lIUIHUr c . Orercoat* and
Vallkes checked fre«.
COKE! COKE!
p. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Desler and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE ill FOLSOM ST.
WINTER RESORTS. ~~
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
THE greatest of health resorts. Cures all
■ Ills when others fail. Intending visitors
pay procure special round-trip tickets, entit-
line them to rebate of $2 40. For particulars
: apply to. F. TV. ELY. City Agent.
1 ..;-;, . 140 Market St.. Ban Francisco, room S. ..
Before he could realize the danger there
was a hissing stream which fast flooded
that section of the mine with gas. He
had not time to about more than the first
syllable of a warning when there was a
heavy explosion, and the mangled form of
the mln»-r was swept along tho tu.inel.
Bernardo Stucee, who was at work near
by. was also killed, his body being found
horribly mutilated when the mine was« en
tered. His body and that of Jones were
mangled almost beyond recognition.
Thos. were the only two killed, but a
number of others were seriously injured.
Among those who suffered nv>!«t were
Howard Tairbln. the foreman of the mine,
whose face is horribly burned; John Guth
rie and his son. John, who were both
maimed by falling coal, and burned, Fred
iAi-sen. John M«thews and Henry
Thompson were seriously burned, and tm •
Chinese and two Japanese were injured,
the Japanese perhaps fatally. The heavy
explosion which shook the walls of coal
auaed by the igniting of the gas re
leased by the subsidence of the rouf and
fired by the little torch- carried ln the hat
of the miner whose pick freed It.
There has never been any fire of any
kind in the stope. and never before has
gas been encountered ln that part of the
mine. But a brief tp ;he disas
ter one of the foremen of the mine had
made his round, for it was Just prior to
the time when the shifts changed that the
accident occurred. These facts, whtch
were brought out at I roner'a ln<iut--;t
w that the «-xj>lo<«ton
■ rfbutable cc. but to
the purest accident.
The pad affair hn* thrown the little min
ing town in gloom, for both the dead min
ers leave widows and nearly all the in
jured men have families resident there.
The funeral of the victims will take place
-row. The mine was ready for the
resumption of business this morning, but
the management closed it until Thursday
out of respect to the dead.
CARELESSNESS CAUSED
CARBONADO DISASTER
CARBONADO. Dec. 12.-The finding of
a miner's open lamp and black pipe prob
ably explains the story of the awful cat
astrophe that occurred at Carbonado Sat
urday. Great as was yesterday's sorrow
which pressed upon this little community,
it Is nothing to what the developments of
to-day have added. That one of their
number— a man of years and experience
and knowing the constant danger that at
tended him and his fellows in the mine
should deliberately endanger not only his
own life but that of his son and hun
dreds of his fellow workmen Is a mat
ter which Carbonado was not prepared
! for. Yet such Is the Indubitable mute and
positive evidence which is now before the
Coroner's Jury. Safety lamp No. 170,
blackened and battered, with Its bowl
gone and screws filled with soot and coal
dust, was picked up by nome of the res
cuing party late last night in the inside
end of the fourth level of the sixty-sev
enth crosscut. Beside it lay a miner's
pipe and tobacco bag. with a little dusty
tobacco In the bottom of the bag. An
j examination of the shift book revealed
1 that lamp No. 170 had been assigned to
- Hen Zeddler Sr. Ihe body of Zeddler was
I found a short distance away and the bowl
j of the lamp was also found some dis
tance away, where it had been blown up
the slope. His miner's tools were found
| near by. It is therefore probable that the
< explosion was caused by Zeddler's open
lamp coming in contact with gas escap
ing from some seam opened by the heavy
blasting.
Eleven funerals were held to-day and
the balance will take place to-morrow.
ACCUSES MOLINEUX.
Deductions Drawn by Handwriting
Expert Kinsley.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— T0-day's session
in the trial of Roland B. Mollneux was
devoted entirely to the examination of
William J. Kinsley, the handwriting ex
pert. The proceedings were devoid of
public Interest, the scene in the courtroom
resembling the classroom of a business
college. The expert explained even the
most minute .1. •.:. -. an entire hour be
ing spent upon the word "please."
The important portion of the testimony
Of Expert Kinsley may be summed up
by the atatement that ho testified that
after examining thousands of specimen*
of handwriting, including samples from
every member, and every employe of the
Knickerbocker Club, he became con
vinced that or.- person wrote the so
called "Barnett" and "Cornish" letters;
that the same man wrote the address on
the poison package, and' that that man
was Roland B. Mollneux.
POBTO RICAN ELECTIONS.
Republicans Claim an Overwhelming
Federal Defeat.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. Dec. 11
— Governor General Davis has issued an
order governing the display of flags in
Porto Rico. The Spanish Hag is not to
be allowed on public buildings. Of late
it ha* been customary for the municipal
authorities in the interior towns to dl*
play the Spanish and American flags to
gether on the city buildings.
The Republicans have carried Ponce by
1700 majority. Elections were held in
seventeen towns. The Republicans hold
eight with 1100 total plurality. Forty-five
elections are yet unordered. It will take
two months to complete the elections at
the present rate. The Republicans claim
San Juan by a tremendous majority, and
assert that there has been an overwhelm
ing Federal defeat.
DEATH OF MRS. CHASE.
Gained Prominence by Her Work in
Behalf of Southern Slaves.
PAWTUCKET, R. T.. Dec. 12 -Mr*.
Elizabeth I'pham Chase, who h.
prominent throughout the country in the
anti-slavery agitation dayi on account of
her work in behalf of th.- i.^ern. and who
was a leading advocate of woman*! -«uf
died at her home in Central Falls
to-day, aged 93 years.
Miner Injured.
ANGELS CAMP, Dec. 12-C.eorge Nlok
ly. a young miner, was Mown up in a
i blast as he was about to lrave the l'ti<-a
I mine last night. He wa* terribly mangled
I and will die. Nickly la unmarried and
has a brother living here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEERLESS
OIL COMPANY
OFFERS EXCELLENT INDUCEMENTS TO
INVESTORS OF SMALL MEANS.
Our property Is the R. E. '« of Sec. 31. Tp. 28
S.. R. 23 E. (160 ACRES PATENTED), In
HERN RIVER DISTRICT,
Four milts north from Bakersfleld.
ALREADY THERE ARE
FOURTEEN IMPORTANT WELLS.
In our Immediate vicinity, ■ and there are,
NO DRY HOLES IN THE DISTRICT.
Peerless Well No. 1
Is Down 2|5 Feet,
And without doubt we will strike the oil be-
fore reaching the depth of 350 feet.
We have not yet advanced our price above
ONe DOLLAR PER SHARE.
CALL FOR PROSPECTUS. MAP & REPORTS.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS:
JOHN M. WRIGHT. President.
Hon. JACOB H. NEKF. Vice President.
H. C. PARK. Secretary.
Hon. JAMES O. MAGUIRE. Director
R. W. HART. Director.
OFFICE. ROOM 47. EIGHTH FLOOR. MILLS
BUILDING. SAN FRANCISCO.
ELECTRIC BELTS.
/(jP^ P 'Jv^^ l 7*«Bkj:r. Largest rnanu"
iCS>- Vv ' P T V/'MHflfacturers In the Unl-
.■^rgrffssy lfd States. No Quack*
'■ 1 ff'lnllTlffslir crnn 'cted with thu
/7l\vWr!s3L^^^9f\ " tab l'shment.
'I n\" (Cr For particular.
2^jK= call or send tc In
/j">» ttamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. C2O Market St.
Opiposlt* Palac* H..t«l. S . 7.
mi r«/-« Permanent cure. Entlr* time
111 I LW ■ devoted to rectal diseases.
if I I i^ References, those cured. No
I \\j\j J J^grrr atkiks.
- . Francisco; hour* 1 to Ip. a.
CRITICIZED THE
KAISER'S SPEECH
Lieber Creates a Sensa
tion in the Reichstag".
IS USUALLY CONSERVATIVE
WILLIAM'S FAVORITE NAVAL
BILL MAY SUFFER.
Special DUpatch to The CaJl.
BERLIN. Dec. 12.— The event of the day
ha? been Dr. Lleber's criticism in the
Reichstag, of Emperor William's speech
at Hamburg. The spectacle of this cau
tious leader Of the Important group in the
Reichstag— the section that will dectne
the naval bill— thus severely blaming t:i-
Kaiser. Is almost without a uarallel in
German parliamentary history. It was all
the more notable because Count yon Bal
lestrem, president of the Reichstag, up
held the dignity of the chamber, and
maintained freedom of speech even
against the Imperial Chancellor.
This evening parliamentary circles are
all agog over the Incident. By some it
is said that Count yon Ballestrem. who
on several previous occasions stopped
similar criticism, had In this Instance a
personal motive for permitting unre
strained comment, because, as one of the
chief opponents of the canal bill, he be
came persona r.on grata with the Em
peror, who banished him from court, in
any event, the affair has not Improved
the chances of the naval bill.
During Hie debate In the Reichstag: to
day on the first reading of the bUGget
estimates, Dr. Lleber observed that the
favorable financial situation was due to
the careful manner In which the House
scrutinized the budget. This practice, he
continued, should be adhered to. Tne
"Prussian financial juggler" (Dr. yon
Michel) he further remarked, had "ba3ed
the estimates of permanent expenditure
on fluctuating revenues." This, accord-
Ing to the speaker, was impolitic, and a
heavy penalty would have to be paid for
It some day. The Centrists were of tne
opinion that the Government's require
ments could be met without recourse to
fresh taxation. At present he was not
prepared to say whether or not ,ie would
support the naval bill. The declaration of
the Government, the speaker claimed,
would have had great weight if It had not
been given publicity beforehand, thus
slighting the Reichstag.
Dr. Ueber concluded with saying that
past and future events would prove to the
Emperor that he had been 111-informed in
Hamburg regarding the feelings of the
German people. During the first eight!
years of the Emperor's reign the Reich
stag had bjr no means persistently re
fused to increase the navy.
Prince Hohenlohe. the Imperial Chan
cellor, said he sincerely regretted that the
Emperor's speech had been introduced in
the debate. The speech, he added, had
been called forth by the political situa
tion. It was an expression of solicitude
from the monarch for the power and
prestige of the fatherland. In view of
the eminent position which the King of
Prussia occupied as German Emperor
his right to exhort his people to unity In
order to achieve great ends and to give
expression to his wishes could not be con
tested.
Count yon Ballestrem. President of the
Reichstag, intimated that he had already
ruled that members of the Reichstag
could not be debarred from discussing in
a suitable manner the speeches of the
Emperor as published in the Reichsan
zeiger, adding: . "I should regard myself
as trenching nn the highly important po
sition which the Emperor occupied in po
litical life If I did not allow his significant
utterance* to be mentioned here. This:
must, of course, be done decorously, and
In my opinion the previous speaker com
piled with this condition."
Count yon Lomburg-Stlrum. Conserva
tive, declared that the financial situation
demanded the grf-at^Ht economy, There
could not be much retrenchment In the
foreign estimates, but while a certain
credit was due to Count yon Bulow both
agriculture and manufactures were suf
fering from the present relations with
America. Prince Hohenlohe fully grasped
the gravity of the situation, and the
speaker said that the naval question and
the relative power of the states had
changed but little during the last two
years. But, he added, the Hispano- 1
American and Transvaal wars had im
pelled the conservative party to concur in
the opinions of the Government. The
growing antipathy to England and Eng
lish policy, he asserted, was remarkable,
though Mr. Chamberlain's speech and the
speeches of British statesmen generally
had little more value than electoral
speeches.
Herr n^hei (Socialist) declare that the
increasing loans were in opposition to the
rosy exposition of the budget. The em
pire's debt, he" asserted, had increased
enormously, and Germany did a miserable
business with her colonies. Too much was
paid for the Caroline Islands, and Klao
chau was never a fever nest. To Increase
German trade proportionately with a new
fleet was a difficult matter. According to
the speaker yesterday's speeches seemed
better adapted to the Navy League than
to the Reichstag. With Great Britain's
fleet and Germany's army the two coun
tries could rule the world.
The Secretary of the Navy.- Admiral Tlr
jiitz. said that when the last naval bill
was presented he did not know the extent
of German industries. In a naval war,
the secretary asserted, the worklngmen
would be the first sufferers. The House
then adjourned.
DAMAGING TESTIMONY.
PORTLAND. Dec. 12.— The prosecution
concluded the testimony In the McDanlel
murder case this morning and rested.
The principal fact brought out to-day
wn« by Witness Frank Kerslake. who
■wore he paw a man enter the house
where McPanlel -Jived within ten minutes
of 12 o'clock on the r>lKht of the murder.
If this man was McDanlel it disproves h!»
repeated story that he !«ft the murdered
Klrl and was at home between 10 and 11
p. m.
Kindergarten Festivities.
The school* of the Golden Gate Kindergarten
Association have made preparations for cele
brating the closlns of the present school term.
The •x«'rt v l*< > s will be entertaining and Instruc
'; ■ <• to all who take an Interest In kindergarten
work, and will show the wonderful progress the
little ones make under the methods of teaching
adopted by these schools. All who are Interest
ed are Invited to attend the festivities and lend
encouragement to the teachers and add to the
enjoyment of the youngsters by their presence.
The exercises at the different schools win b«
ftln at. follows: December 13— Stanford No. S.
Twenty-ninth and Mission streets, 10 a. m. ;
Lux. Potter, T. F. Shattuck and Merchants*.
Wat Mission street. 11 a. m. 14— Stanford
No«. 3 and 4. HI I.rannan street, Ma. m. ; Pop«.
Emily P. Walker, Real Estate. Attorneys* and
Produce Exchange, ill Ninth street. 11 a. m. ;
Osirood and Grace Bradley and Wllmerdlnir,
2SSO Sixteenth street, 11 a. m ; Two Friends.
1018 Folsom street. 2 p. m. 15— Stanford No*.
1 and 2, 191! Mason street. 10 a. m. : Hearst Kin
dergartens, Union Square Hall, corner Stockton
and Union, 11 a. m. ; Lester Norrli. 1133 Pacific
street. 11 a. m. ,
Tanis at San Diego.
SAN DUEQO, r»<c. 12— The German
pteanwr Tanis. the pioneer vessel of the
KoHDOfI .-tt-amer line betweeen Hamburg
a;id S.in Frajiclsco. arrived In port this
morning and will sail at 4 p. m for San
Francisco, for which port she has 2<"00 tons
of carg", mostly cement. The Tanis Is a
fine looking steamer, with a tonnage of
8900 tons. She Ik the smallest steamer of
the line. The next one will arrive a
month hence.
Bamhart Sentenced.
STOCKTON. Dec. Charles Barnhart.
who pleaded guilty yesterday to the
charge of felony embezzlement. iriu sen
tencftl by Judge Budd this morning to
three years In San Quentln. ' Barnhart
stole a horse. Having pleaded guilty, two
prior charges against htm were with
drawn by the District Attorney.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Traveling Sets, Valises. Bag*. Pocket
books, Bill Books and Card Cases are nice
presents for either gentleman or lady.
Lettered In gold free of charge when
bought from Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS: PENMANSHIP.
Copyright, 1809, by Seymour Eaton.
IV. THREE LESSONS IN PEN
MANSHIP.
BY C. P. ZANER.
Lesson No. 1.
There are usually two or mnre person*
concerned In writing— the writer and the
reader or reader?. The writer should
never be so careless and IndlnWer*
u-rttlnK la more a mnm-r of care than of
talent or genlu»» a? to cause the r
nee In the reading.
One should be able, therefore, to write
legibly, and In these days of dispatch one
should be able to write rapidly and read
ably at the tamo tlm«>. Indeed, one can
not afford to write slowly.
To enable one to write rapidly, easily.
gracefully and well, the accompany I r.g
exercises are good for preliminary pr:v
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1890, by Seymour Eaton.
11. ARITHMETIC OF THE OFFICE.
Lesson No. 4 — Discount. ,
Last week we learned how to discount
accounts; our lesson this week relates to
the discounting of promissory notes and
other commercial paper.
Notes and drafts are usually drawn for
periods not exceeding four months. When
they are sold to banKs or to note brokers
discount is reckoned from the date of sale
to the date of maturity. In some States
both the day of sale (usually referred to
as the day of discount) and the day of
maturity are considered. That Is to «■&>-.
if a note is discounted November 9 and
matures November 20 the discount Is
reckoned for 12 days, both th" 3th and 20th
being counted. In the exercises which
are given here both days are to be con
sidered. The banker argues that the bor
rower has the use of the money upon the
day of discount and he need not pay It
until the closing hour of the day of ma
turity. Note the following brief exer
cises:
A note for $720 dated July 5. ltt«9. at 3
months, is discounted August IS at 7 per
cent; nnd the cash proceeds.
We proceed first to find the day of ma
turity—that Is, the day when the note
becomes due. Three months from July 5
will be October Z. The note falls due on
October 5. If th»» note had read 00 days
after date Instead of three months it
would fall due 90 days after July 5. or
October 3: 26 days In July, 31 days in
August. M day? In September and 3 days
In October make 90 days. The note falls
due October 3 and it is discounted August
1.'.. The banker loans the money, then,
from August 15 to October 6. If we count
both of these dates, as is the custom in
many of the States, the money will be
loaned for 52. days. Now the banker
charges Interest on $720 at 7 per cent for
52 days.
The Interest at 6 per cent Is *> 24 and
at 7 per cent It Is one-sixth more, or 17 '.•>
The rash proceeds of the note, then, will
be 1720, less J7 _v or $713 72.
Where Interest and discount tables are
used accurate interest is sometimes reck
oned. Accurate Interest when discounting
or when paying interest on accounts or on
borrowed money Is always more favorable
to the borrower.
A merchant accepts on September 4 a
90-day note In payment of an account of
$1266 40. On September 9 he has the note
discounted at his bank at 04 per cent;
find the cash proceeds.
This note will mature on December 3.
and from September 9 to December 3
(counting both days) there nre S3 days.
The discount, then. Is reckoned for M
days, and the solution la as follows:
tlce They should be made quite rapidly
without the aid of the lingers. The little
nrißer should «t!id- freely over the paper
In making them. The power should corns
from the shouJder and elbow. Those who
write easiest and best use considerable
arm movement— more arm than finger ac
ticn. To use the arm movement success
fully the arm must rest on the cushion of
muscle Just In front of the elbow on the
und«*r side of the arm.
Study critically th* plate of minimum
letters! herewith. Note how simple, how
rounding and how plain. To write lertbljr
bo sure to make n unlike v. close the o
and keep lt» finish high so It will not re
semble a, close the- a. keep v and th* sec
ond part of -x open so they do not resem
ble o. and space well between the letters.
1.'.0k critically ov. r your own hand and
i*** if your un an! n's. o's and as. «•'■
and l's. are not too similar to b« legible
except by context.
Many persons write Illegibly because the
forms they learned (or rather failed to
learn) were too Intricate and therefore too
difficult. The extended forms Riven show
how many loops may be dispensed with
and how others may be made more plain.
Always cross the t (not the letter fol
lowing It), loop the I, finish the b carefully
(so that it does not resemble le or h) and
clote he a part of d. I and q. and your
writing will doubtless be at least legible.
You need not slavishly Imitate the letters
given herewith to write legibly. But you
should study Carefully the Individuality
of letter*. Such study will lead you to
discover defect* In your own. Our writing
Improve* only as we locate our mistakes.
Merely to know that our writing is poor
is not enough to improve It. We must
know wherein it l.« poor and then correct
the fault.', ono by one.
Not only should your writing be legible
and rapid but It should be as distinctly
your own as your manner of walking and
talking. Surely you would not wish It to
be poor, as it reflects character the same
an walking and talking. Endeavor to
write well the style you like best. As a
means of Improving your style and man
ner, you will do well to practice the ac
companying forms. Such practice and
Imitation will develop Judgment and skill
—two good things to posm-ss.
Note— This course of three lessons by
C. P. Zaner will be continued next week-
When we have found the Interest at •
per cent we can find the interest at <<4
per cent by adding one-twelfth to the re
sult. The cash nroceid* will be SI3K 40.
less $1» 64. or $1246 74.
The student will now proceed to solve
the following examples:
1. A note for Sla«> dated June 15 at four
months la discounted on the same day at
6 per cent. Kind the cash proceeds. (Tv«
time will be four months and one day.)
2. A note for SISOO dated May IS at three
months is discounted June 3 at 7 per ceut.
Find the cash proceeds.
J 3. A note for i.» dated July 27 at ninety
days Is discounted August 5 a: 5 per cent.
Find the cash proce«ls.
4. A man own an account of $:♦» which
has been drawing Interest at ij per cent a
month for seven months. At the end of
the seventh month he pays the account
with a three months' note for the full
amount r>lus the Interest for the tea
months. On the day when the note Is
given It is discounted at 7 per cent. What
: should be the cash proceeds?
3. A note Is drawn March 19 at four
months ar.d Is discounted March 24 a» a
per cent, if the face of the note Is MS,
what should the cash proceeds amount
to? •
6. A three months' note for UK) falls duo
May 3. It is renewed for three months
with Interest at 7 per cent added to tha
face. The new note Is discounted May 7
at >>4 per cent. Find the cash proceeds.
7. A merchant allows a customer a tils*
count of 10 and 5 per cent from a bill of
|M 4 » and then accepts a three months'
note in payment, which he immediately
has discounted at 5 per cent. What Is f)i«
gross amount of discount on the bill?
8. Note. $.524 37: date. September i. sixty
days; discounted Septembt-r 9, 3 per cent,
Find proceeds.
9. Note. $MX); date, October 12. two
months; discounted October 27. i per cent.
1 Find proceeds.
10. On March 14 a merchant receives t.*»»
, following notes from his customers: One
for »■« 20. dated March .' at thre«
months; one for $-'17 20. dated March 1» at
two months; one for $416 £0, dated March
12 at sixty days; one for $196 70. dated
March sat ninety days. On the following
I day he takes the lot to the bank and has
th.m discounted at 7 per cent. Find his
| cash proceeds.
Hints and Answers.
Lesson No. 4— (1) $1463 75. (2) $1774 10.
This note matures August 15. From June
3 until August 15. counting both day of
discount nd day of maturity, will make
?, 44 d tl.?£t I .?£? l i2 1 y. me " »«v«nty-four d*>s.
(3) $2131 »• The day of maturity Is Oc
tober 25 ana the discount time eighty-two
• da X£-*i (4> CITS il - The ' ac - ( the not*
Is $282«. The discount Is reckoned at 7 per
cejnt for three months and one day. (5)
H37 M. lh« •!••■• of maturity Is July 13
and the time MM days. iC: $700 SI. The
face of the note la $712 V>. reckoning In
terest for even three months. The note
matures August 3 and the time Is eighty
nine dags (7) $133 IK. The face of the
note Is $M 1 49. Reckon discount for three
months md one day at 5 per cent, (i)
W2l 62. The time Is sixty-one days. (9)
1793 73. The time Is forty-seven dats.
(10) $1731 £8. The total Interest at < per
cent Is ill C 6. The dat*>s of maturity and
time for ihe several notca are as follows:
IMC 10; due June 2; lSf3&-j-31 t-2H=SO
days.
$217 20; due May 10; 15fS*f 10-1-1=57 diys.
W« SO; due May 11; Wf3O4-ll+l=M day*.
tIMTO; due June 2; IS-j-30+31+3 -l=tl
days.
Courses of Instruction.
Autumn-Winter Term. IMS UH.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies In Bhakespeare. Tuesdays: The
World's Great Artists. Wednesdays: Desk
Studies fur Girls and Shop and Trad*
Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great Ameri
can Statesmen. Saturdays: Horn* Science
and Household Economy. These courses
win continue until February 15. 1900. Ex
amination* will be held at their clot* as a
basis for the granting or certificate*. _
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange stand the same.
Wheat Hat and dull, but no lower.
Barley neglected and nominal.
Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull at former quotations.
Bran lower and weak. Middlings steady.
Hay continues dull and depressed.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables weak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs continue to shade off.
Enormous supplies of Poultry on the market.
Game lower under liberal arrivals.
Fruit market well sjtppli-ed with the seasonable kinds.
Dried Fruit market very dull.
Xo change in Provisions.
Heps hard to sell. Wool quiet, but as firm as ever.
Hides picked up as fast as they reach town. Tallow weak.
Small Hogs still scarce and higher.
Large Hogs plentiful and weak.
md I'eal as previously quoted.
■• at the familiar prices.
!\'o . Us.
Charters.
The Anryra loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope. 4<*. •
The John A. Prtcjrs loads lumber on th«
Bound for l*hUadrlj.h!a. lump Fum. .
The hulllrlma lends lumber at Port Ivudlow j
f<r th« U< t-t Coast.
R c -ip:s of Wine and cßranAy.c ßranAy.
R»r»-if.tfi of Wine and Brandy nt this jv>rt
during the fir^t eSevea months of the year ere '
as follow*, compared with the same time lasl
year: Of Wine. U.Kl.mw pallonK against 14.
i:^.•■■»♦: i>f Hrandy. Rallxns. against 2?1.-
A Cinnns' Edition.
The San Francisco Trade Journal has Issued
a carmrrs' edition^ giving detailed statements
of the M'.mnn and fiult liacks i»f the coast for
►•■\«i«l j •*;!!* pa^t, aira3ig«l in tal»ular form.
DlroctQCiea Of the different o«jinlng Interests
als" npi-'ar. nnd the edition is -I inch
valuable to thr*e cnn«'eriied In these industries.
Dried Fruit in Xezv York.
Mall advices from New York -«>■:
"Trade In most descriptions of California
and foreign fruits Is more active Kin<-e the !m
provemrnt in weather conditions, but orders
are • ■■> : ar.d price, unchanged. The general
conditions are ruther letter, but not enough
>-«-t to make ar.y dlffen^r.re In «juotatlcns. The
outlook for traJe is more «ncouraglng and hold
ers !eel ni"re confidence In the future.
"Prune* are <4uiet. but there Is a firm feel
ing en all sides, but no change In price has
occurred, on the c>^a*t the feeling Is reported
•Ilgt.tty e*«ler. with no expectation of im
jnvenient until after the holidays. By the.
middle Of January, perhaps earlier. Increased
trml" in expected, and holders feel sure that
tuy:'iK wi'.l I* heavy by February 1.
•'peaches are <julet, but are firmly held In
all i>"*".tt' tiK. anl holders exert nci pressure
tn »ell. The suprlr In first hands is small.
and there ure no Indications <>t any being hid
den awmf. Pfwit supplies ar» understood to be
Comparatively small anl are firmly held.
"Aprlvots are quiet, but there would be. a
ready snle for nny supplies available. In
«juir>' ha* Increased of late, but It has failed
to tiring out any offerings.
"llalhtns are quiet and trade Is limited to
rmnll quantities. The season In California is
over and the crop Is only about 2400 cases.
The a*soriatl'm says there Is enough, however.
to fill all orders and leave a few for the spring
and summer trade. Foreign raisins are more
a^Uve ..:•. and will probably remain so until
tl.e clobe of holiday buying."
Weather Report.
<12f»th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAN<TS(V>. Dec. 12. IStt.-'. p. m.
The ffiu.wtr.g are the M-asonal rainfalls to
date, ac compared with those of the same date
last year, and rainiaJls In last twenty-four
hours:
L&st 24 This Last
Stations— hours, season, season.
liui.ka <f.«« 23.92 S 21
Jle,l IHufT O.f« 7.CS 2.12
hacrnmento <».S.i 7.52 1.61
Han Francisco «.i>4 *.1O 2.T.8
y>.-vti.i 0.01 3.«t 1.49 ;
Ir..".ependence Trace f'.»o 0«l
Fan Luis Oh'.spo Traca 6.52 0.73
!•>» Angeles 0(K) 2.49 0.19
San Ineg.> 0.00 1.25 0.56
Ylimn O.ftO «.f.R 0.70
Sun Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
X <ii-tT"p*\ minimum. '.': mean. r*.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS ANI> GENERAL
PORBCABT.
The j.ressure hhs risen rapidly over the north
ern portion of the country. It has fallen very
ruddenly over the snuthern Sierras and the val
l*-y rf the Colorado. A storm of •11- Intensity
ha^ developed over Southeastern <'allfi>rnla and
Western Am.'im. The iemji.-r«ture ha* fallen
<I«flrteilly over Southern Nt-vada and Southern
Utah,
Forecast made at P.in Francisco for thirty
ti^urs »-ri!lrjt midnight I»ecember 13:
Ft r Northcm"Ca.llf<irnia- Fair In the northern
portion Wedrn-sday. cloudy in the central por
tion, rain in tlie southern pr l rtl'>n; continued
Cf*->i we«ther; northerly winds.
For Southern California— Cloudy nd unsettled
Weather Wednesday, probably rain In the
mountains: fr»-sh southwesterly winds; sand
nrrn.s 'n the Interior.
Ft Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday; continued
cnld west her.
F'«r Utah-<*loudy Wednesday, with tr*->w in
the s.iuthern portion; coMt.
For Arizona— <*loudy We<lnes4ay, probably
l!ght rain; colder.
Fcr San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Wr<lnesday; probably co..]er; fresh northerly
Vlnds. ALEXANDER G. •■ M.IK
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Pec. 12.— Th* stock market dis
played a feverish tone as consequence of the
violent scakedown of yesterday. Although
there was tome bHMed liquidation, prices were
ri't without support st any time, and where
breaches were made in values the character of
the buylr.g at the decline made It look as
thoiik-h the mnnlpulatlon for a Call was for the
purpose of taking on stocks. There was a no
table volume of commission house buying.
which indicated that outsiders had been at
trarted by tbs lower level of r rtoaa. There
were points in the Industrial list which dl»
pUyed notable n-jsistance all day. and during
the latter i^art of the trading mm positive
rtrenrth. 8om» of the sharp declines in the
railroad lift, nr.table In the Grangers, were at
tributed to a shifting of holdings from that
croup Into nome of the Industrials. The Grang
er* tc»uclied lower srtosa than In the demonstra
tion'of yesterday and they were practically
the only «r>cks In the lUt to do so. That ther«
Is rtlll a large and aggressive bear party in
the market was evident. Their tactic* were
totally mcceetful m the morning, especially In
the oa*e of Tennessee Coal and Metropolitan
Ftn-et Hallway, which were forced down 64
and l>\ resj>ectlv«?ly. Money at no time ruled
ever k rwr cent, and In the afternoon wa* of
fered down to 4 p»r cent. The Impression was
«»ir"ud that eume of the very lart'e individual
cpTators had ftiecome . pof scsted ■' a liberal
1 ■:. ;■;%• <>f funds and were taking on ct'tcks.
Tniders generally turned to the bull side an(
m«iked up stocks to the neighborhood of last
Ptfht'a 1' ■■ *■:. and in some Instances materi
ally atx>ve It. Prominent • •pecialtle.s wed
recnveri»« •m the low point, mngir.4 from
J to over & point*. Sugar, Brooklyn Transit
and To»>aooo w*re especially notable In the
rally. la the railroad list the trunk line*, th*
Pacifies and one or two of the coaler* rose
14 to J. and 6 'hern Railway preferred mi
lled 24. After touching. 1394, Sugar auddejily
troke four points to near the .lowest and very
nur-h unsettled the whole ll tt. Reactions were
ronflned to fractions outside of Tobacco and
I'.ronklyn Transit and a few other Industrials.
The rioting was thus made Irregular and with
Cilxed r.«t changes. The art! if the directors
tit Uie Federal Steel Company In declaring a
dividend of 3 per cent on the preferred stock.
thus making the full C i>er cent for the year
*nd earing the way for promised dividends
en the common next year, was not announced
until the close of business, but It explained the
relative firmness of the iron and steel Blocks.
Sentiment *<> to the future of th- stock mar
ket is Ftlll conflicting and unsettled. in view
of the continuance Of the factors which have
restricted the money supply and led to the
forced liquidation.
The bond market was leys active than stocks
and prWs were comparatively steady. Total
sale*, par value. 1L.Z2i.000. United States new
4- advanced 4. the old 4s. 4. and the Is. 4
in the Md price
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Hid
7.2.V) Atchlson i 20Tb j
17.750 AU-hison prefd 634 i
J.S3O lialtlmore .-. Ohio 54
2'fl Canadian Pacific 83 s *
SfH) Canada Southern u2\
20.175 Chesapeake & Ohio 3u\ \
I.4Si Chlctgo Great Western 13 1 * j
27.360 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12*4
4"0 Chicago lnd A; Louis 14
100 Chicago lnd A l»ui« prefd 4S
Chicago & Eastern Illinois si
400 Chicago & Northwestern 161',
4.710 Chicago Kock Island & Pacific II"'* ,
I.2iK> C CO & St L<>uis CIS !
6ft Colorado Southern ;>4 |
12. . Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45
. Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
1.220 I>elawi»re & Hudson Ui\ t
€Si) I*lawaie Lackawunna & Western. .lSl j
300 Denver & Hio Grande I>V4 I
HO I>enver «i Hlo Gmnde prerd 7! |
Krle 12», !
SX> Erie let prefd 3o> x I
700 Great them prefd 17:14 ■
3SO Hoc-kin Coal 16\ I
300 Hocking Valley 32
685 Illinois Central ,113
lowa Central 12\
150 lowa Central prefd Z& j
60 Kan>as City Plttaburg & Gulf 84 |
Lake Krie At Western 15t> 3 I
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd SO i
Lake Shore Ml !
7.520 U.uifcvllle & Nashville M»i '
14.58U Manhattan L \»V * .
»».sri Metropolitan Street Hallway.... 1774,
l.<-'3O Mexican Central 11
41-0 Minn I St Louis 63
Minn & St ■:■••' SS
I.MO Missouri Pacific 45 "
*>0 Mot.lle A- Ohio 404 I
Missouri K«nKi!> & Texan 11 I
CO Missouri Kansas &• IVxas pretd Z& 1
3.025 New Jersey Central 1164'
7.051 New fork Central I*> 4 !
4.0:* Norfolk & Western 2i-» !
1.C20 Norfolk & Western prefd ~<Sfe
6,*:-o Northern Pacific M-J:
l.r«0 Northern Pncilic prefd 7.' 1 . :
I 2.1.10 Ontario & Wt-stern 24 |
j Oregon Railway «: :a> 42
Oregon Railway it Nay prefd 7«.
b.m Pennsylvania 121 •» •
4>*.O Reading lS'^ )
7.100 Reading Ist preM 6J4 ,
1,100. Heading 2d prefd Z>4 !
110 Hio Grande WVstern 41 I
Hlo Grande Western pretd SS
220 St Louta & San Fran t\ !
St l."i;ls It San Fran Ist prefd ft"- I
1,075 St Louis &: San Kran 2d prefd 3i l ,4 I
St Louis Southwestern 11 ;
l."00 St Ixiuls Southwestern prefd ZSH I
IS.SCO St Paul 121 :
400 st I'aul prefU 1»4 |
.-• Paul .v Omaha 120 i
51.4K5 Southern Pacific 3J>4 j
2.6:>0 Southern Hallway I:"* |
B.KK) Southern Hallway pretd 15", j
a.*'* Texas & Palette... 1« !
37.7:.0 Union Pacific 4S»« ,
4.K5 Union Pacific prefd 75 I
2C2 Wabssh 7\ I
tlf* Wat>ash prefd 214
1.420 Wheeling 4 L B 10
650 Wheeling ALE prefd 2» I
61& Wisconsin Ontral IS I
Express Companies —
Adam* 110
American 143
United States 43
Wells. Karito & Co's 127
Mlwfllaneous—
Lfsr» American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton oil prefd 9J ]
7W American Malting S
22» American Malting prefd 3'.<4
LSO Am Smpltlng & It. tlnii i.- 3 \
I.©>j Am timeltinK & RcfinlnK prefd ■ hs
American Spirits 34
American Spirits prefd 17
2.27S American -Ill; «. .
100 American Steel Hoop prefd M
14/10 American Steel 4 Wire 2!t«;
2.(f0 American Fteel & Wire prefd $X)
2.6."* American Tin Plate 2T.4
2«n American Tin Plate prefd 764
47.630 American Tobacco US
American Tobacco prefd 140
S.OiQ Anarcnda Mining Cc 3*
67,7.7 Brooklrn Itapld Transit 60Vi
s,^«i Colorado Fuel A Iron 43 v,
12.**>5 Continental Tobacco ..; n\
2.2.'.0 Continental Tobacco jirefd 564
24.525 Federal Rtee f64
I.6:«0 Federal Steel prefd 7%
1.64 ft General Electric 123
*20 Glucose Sugar 484
Glucose Sugar prefd $s
7RO International Paper 194
1.700 International Paper prefd 674
I>aclede Qa s gju
2V> National Illncult 2.14
240 National Blseull prefd $1 '
400 National I>-ad 26%
US National Ivad prefd &04
2.W5 National -•eel 3^,l*
7?.S Natlcnai Steel prefd "" 9Q14
r.O New York Airbrake 143
2.4fi0 North American ; js»;
180 Pacific Coa*t " 451"
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ;.;; ..
Pacific Coast :\ prefd CO
4.SM Pacific Mall " 4-v
7.7..0 People's Gas .10SU
1.07S Preyed Steel Car 64
&A I*resse«l Steel Car prefd.....! " 1$
500 I"ullm«n Palace Car ... jR3
1.0.10 Standard P.<>pe and Twine iou
77.720 Sugar ; '535,:
Sugar prefd • Iff*
IS.ICO Term Coal A- Iron ~; «v
44. 5 m United States Leather ... """ ijil
».Bf'7 United States Leather prefd '. nu
8.4f>0 United States Rubber J " ■ 43,
47S T'nlted States Rubber prefd .!] 107 '*
23« Western Union .. " <>»'
2.4*0 Republic Iron * Steel m 2
1.0.'* Itrmibllc Iron * Steel prefd *"""*" ktiT
p C C 4 st l :...::::;: :o£
•X.700 f hare* nold.
CLOSING BONDS
U 6 2* r*e 102 I do 4a ...... . M
dr > s » '"■•»« ntn t Cen litß..'.':.'ii2V
d" coup >09* i N J Cen «en 6s. UQU
do new 4s MC....1M No Carolina 6....127
do coup 134 do 4s 104
do Id 4a rea;....113 1 , No Pac Ist* '.'.""net
do coup 1144 do 2t ... ' 651
do (s re* 112S do 4s "lo*
do coup ;••• UZ\ NTC& St L 4s.lios'i
Dls of Col 3.655. ...US Norf * W con 45.. 91
Ala clans A 11l , do *en 60 .. 135
do B 11l Or Nay lsts .M
do C 101 1 do 4& 101
do currency ...I* Or 8 Line «*.. 127«
Atchlson fen la.. 97« i do con !■ mC
do adjt 4s 79* i Reading pen 45....' S5
Can So Ms 107% It •; w lsts ' 97
Ches & Ohio 4H«. •' St LA- I M con 5. 109
_ d i 15 ~ 1"' 1M St L& 8 F Ben 65.1144
C 4 N W con .143 St Paul cons . KIW
do 8 F deb 65... 115 , St PC & Pac 1aU.120
CM Term 4s MVi do 6s 121H
DA R O 15t5......101H So Railway 65.... 107?
»do 1*" •••• — M«* S Rope Si T 6«... 824
ET Va &Ga lata.MJ Term new set 3a.. 91
! rx « i n D C lata. 73 i do & Pae 1"t«....HHl
J 1 D C liU - Ts do M» 54
S'« •?'•£ 11T Union » c 4s 1034
a . n * s «5....1i0 Wabash lsts 113^
« a l 5 2« • If 6 do 2ds 100
H 4 t c r.i 11214 West Shore ...in
do con 6s no Wla On lsts 914"
lowa fen lsts . .11? Va cent rsil
kcp & a i.t... n % So defied*::::: 1^
t«"! w 5° n 4 " ■ I 0 * 1! Colo South 4s M
£V^TBd..?!:: I tV PM to Mi 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
■ MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario T 76
Crown Point U'Ophlr '90
Con Cal * Vt. 1 70 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 BO
Oould & Curry 10 'Quicksilver pre M.. 7 50
Hale * Norcross.. 50 ; Sierra Nevada 48
Homestake, 65 on Standard ! 50
Iron Silver 60 Union Con IS
Mexican Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—
Call loans CtTTlWeBt Elec 40
Time loans 5«j6 Win Central I 1"*I 1 "*
Stock*— 'dominion Coal .... 4s'»
A T& B F 21 j>.-. m Coal prefd. ...118
A T I B F prefd.. *3Uj Bonds -
American Sugar i:-ti>i Atchtson is 96
Am Sugar rrefd...lU4; Mining Shares—
IMI Telephone . 345 ,'Adventure 5\
Boston a Albany. M AHouez Mm 0D.... 3
Boston Elevated... 9*«4 Atlantic 51
Boston .v Maine. ...202 Boston * Mont. 275
Chicago B & Q....12»H Calumet & He.-la .720
El Klec 111 208 Centennial IMI
General Electric. .l 22 Franklin 15
Gen lea prefd.-.. .137Vi HumboMl 1
Federal Steel s*» a KearsarKe 1]
Fed Steel preid.... 76V; Osceola 634
Mexican Central... 11U Parrot 33
Old Colony 205 Uulncy 130
Old minion 204; Santa Fe Copper.. 5%
Jtul>J>er 4SV» Tamarack 184
Union Pacific 4s%.Wlnona 5
Union l*and 3 j Wolverines 364
West End »1 !
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. I}ee. 12.— Money on call, steady
ot 4'5S per cent; last loan. 4 per cent: ruling
rate. 6 per cent. »'rlme mercantile paper. sVi<s«
per cent. Sterling exchange, tlrm. with actual
business In bankers' bills at U K6 : »i:4 07 for de
mand and at 34 •»! "-f 4 &m for sixty days; posted
ral«-s, •• S2Vj and $4 <T^t. commercial hills.
(4 S(.»-j. Silver Certificates. W^fWc. Bar Sliver,
59^c. Mexican dollars. 47'ic Government
bonds, strong; State bonds. Inactive; fallroaJ
bonds, steady.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dee. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
market here was flat on continued dear money
until n-ar the clcse, when a rumor was circu
lated about that the Bank of France had '
agreed to release £SM.ooo gold to satisfy the de
mand from s».uth America, and to advance
£l.*>o.<!to to :C3.ouo.oCn go] 1 to the Rink of Eng
land If required Read) credence was given to
llir-se rvp.irts, ns was. shown by an all-around
sniHi-t recovery In stocks. American* were
above tiurity till 2 p..m., when early B»lllng
orders from New York came In After the Wall
street opening further selling orders can.- clos
ing lower. Discounts were tirm at the bank
rate.
The bank bought £27. In French coin, and
£10.000 wan taken for South America.
Copper, snacks were Hat. Tlntos, 44»»5?44 T »;
Anacondas. <m«: • the, 64; B< stona, \. A vinos,
1«*. Failures In. the natal market forced sell
ing.
The Calico Printers' A«snclatlon has Issued
its- prtisprctus. showing a capital of £S.2no.i<OO.
The busir..-!'" actiinred reprerents S5 per cent of
the British, industry.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec 12— Canadian Pacific. 36;
l.nlon Pacific preferred. 77. Northern Pacific
preferred. 7C*;; Atrhlson. 214; Orand Trunk,
.4: Anacondu, ■'«. Bar Silver, steady 27' id.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dee. 12.— FLOUR-Recelpt*
13.411' barrels; exjwrts. 5351 barrels; quiet' and
easy, but not <iunt.ihly lower.
WIIK.\T-U?<-elptF. ::•.■;. bushels; exports.
IJ.P.'kj bu.«hel 9 . Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 74!,.
f. o. b. afloat: N«>. 1 Northern Dulutfa 7«Sc f
,' '' afloat to arrive (prompt); No. 1 hard Du
luth, 7-".. :.  b. artrvit (prompt); nominal-
N". 2 red. 7:".. elevator.
steadier at >,c advance on
llglit receipts and favorable cables but later
experienced a sh;trp break, declining 4c In the
alt-moon. This wn? prompted by a large in
crease In Bradstreets world's stocks and
broucht out heavy Ffiiint for both accounts
In the nb«ence o f export demand. Closed steady
on a little coverlnt: at %c net decline. March
.<s,'u7s4c. clo?ed 74V: May, 74',M7ISc clo«f<{
Ei>^ : , Ju '>- 'Z'- 51 , 7^ 0 - clc>li?<l ~* b * c - beiember.
i-'u ." 7-K.c. ■■!.>. .1 724 c.
HOPS— Steady.
HUM'S Km,,
UU(il*—l>ult.
METALB— Bev*re further |..f-«es were ma
tain.d by tin «nd copper to-day. Following al
most eenKatlonal break* in the London market. '
unfavorable advice* from producing points in |
the Wext, a flat refusal of buyers to proceed I
an.l » ha.l scare aiin,n,; local sellers, tin brok-j .
1W |Milms and copper alx.ut :; Inu. Both
market* wrere w»ak an.l unsettled with in.lioa- i
'ins panting to ■ontlnued Irregularity In the
Immediate future, Lead and Halter wire rela- ■
tively steady an.l unchanged. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIG ir.(»N— Warrants dull, at a nominal
price. .
LAKE COPPER Nominal, nt $16 70S 17.
TIN — Lower, weak and unsettled at $24 005z25
Uead — Steady, at U 65*5 4 73 '
SPELTER— DuII, at $4 6004 70. '.
The brofcer*' price for Md Is 24 43 and for '
cov,|,.. r jit^it a.
COKFEK— The market closed quiet with '
prices U'«iir. points net lower.. Total sales. 13- I
(X."O \>ap:r. including: r>'>ceml.f-r $.'■ 95; Febai- '
ary. $«: March, J6'.i>;f. May. 16 lOtrti 16; Au- '
Kust. «« 20; September. J6 TO^fi 25: October $6 ?5 '
*;C 2C; November. $<". SO. Spot -■ •!!"•■• Klo. quiet ■
No. 7 Invoice. f,^r; No. 7 Jobbing. 7Hc. Mild'
quiet; Cordova; • '.!.,(•.
BrGAR Raw. steady: refined steady
BITTER- Receipts, 614.". packages; " steady.
Western creamer) 23«f27c; June creamery 22® i
25c: factory, lS\»ff2oc I
E«GB Receipts. 11.150 packages; dull and '
heavy; Western anctmded at mark. 166 : mc !
Western. 2\ii2ic. loaa <iIT '
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
Demand for evaporated apples was good ann
the market ruled quiet at unchanged prices
Callfrrnla fruits, quiet and l.arelv steady
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES Common.
6&fc4.-; prime. 6V<|7c; choice. 7We*e; fancy.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3U©Bc
\ri:i. "T.- Royal, J2«lsc: Moorpari
PEACH E.S-Peeled, ..?:,; unp«eled. 1 74© 10c
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dee 12.— M.-iv wheat opened %c up
at r^.i i \;>\,\ all because some shorts saw
prospects of damage In the cold snap follow
ing the recent mild weather. This advantage
was.lo^t on profit-making and gelling again*'
• •iillc. For toire time the market held fairly
welt at the decline, shorts doing a bit of cov
ering anil the scalpers buying against puts.
The heavy increase In the world visible com
ing when it had been expected there would
be little chance In the figures turned the tide
against the price, and May fell to 6S*ic. BOOH
of Oils was recovered on buying against privi
leges, but the close was easy, May tt#Hc lower
Bradstreet's world's visible increased 3.670 000
bushels.
Corn early was easy and very dull, but the
Close «us firm. The steadiness vu due prin
cipally to the small country offering* and the i
unwillingness of local holders to let ro May
closed a shade up at .t2\c.
The oats market held Steady, but In a very
dull and IfstteM way. the range U-Ing only He.
May closed unchanged at Me, '
Provisions were firm, pork especially so
There wan considerable execution of outside
buying orders by commission houses and a lit
tle profit-making by packers. May pork clos
ed 174 c over yesterday at $10 224: May lard
6c up at $.r.. r . fin May rlba Ec better than yes
terday at J5 414.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— 2— Open * High. Low. Clom
Wheat. No. I—
December*...' «»i 6S\ «S»i CSU
May 69H 63* 63* 63
Corn No. 2—
December 304 304 SO 304
January 30\ »>»* 104 jot^
M SatsKo."=- "* "> ■ «*
December 22^ - 22H 22\i 22*4
May 24 24 23*4 . 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 9 824 10 00 8 J24 10 00
May 10 10 10 224 10 074 10 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
January .. .1 374 540 535 640
May r. II 5 60 6 65 6 60
Short Ribs, per hundred pounds-
January 1% ■ 530 525 530
May .....y <«nt 5424 6 374 5 424
Cash quotations were an follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 634966 -
No. 2 red. 6645«84c: No. 2 corn. *>4c; No 3
oats. 22Ti«T230; Xn 2 white. 25Vi6'254c: No" 3
white. 2450234 c: No. 2 rye. 614©52Vic: No". 2
barley. S7#46c; No. 1 fiaxseed. »1 61; prime tim
othy seed. %2 Wir: 524: mesa pork, per bbl W 40
©10; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 0505 35: short ribs
sides <loo?»). *5 U®s 45: dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 5«4©54c; short clear sides (boxed)
$5 4i'6. t . 55; whisky, distillers- finished goods
(high wines), per gallon. |1 234.
_, Artlcl «»— ••• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 58.C00 ,13.000
Wheat bu 150.000 , 8.000
"°rn. £•« 24S.(VV) . 1J5.000
Oats, bu 332.000 20LO*)
«>'• bu . .: 13.000 4.000
Barley, bu .-. 171.000 : : • 16.000
On th Produc* Exchange to-dajr the butter
market was steady; creamery. Witt*", dairy. 16
<K22c; cheese steady 11VS12'4<*; eggs firm, fresh.
30c. :. ,- -
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec. Mar. May.
Opening .... 5 9>4 6 S v i
Closing- 5 C<>» 5 9*4
Wheat— ' r>c. Mar. -June.
Opening .. IS 25 1? 25
Closing IS 45 19 20
Flour— .
Opening \ ... 24 10 25 10
Closing ; ' 24 00 25 06
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following " change* In available supplies
compared- with the last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains. increase 2.070,000
bushels. Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat foi
and In Europe. Increase 1.C00.000 bushels; total
, supply Increase 3.G70.000 hiiFhels.
I Corn. United State* and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains. Increase 311. W0 bushels.
Oats. United State* and Canada. east of th.
Rocky Mountains, Increase 111 •- bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported
to Bradstreet's not given In the oflidal visible
i supply (■t«T'-!!)i>nt are those of 875.f*»0 busheln at
: Northwestern Interior elevators: 252.000 bushels
I at Chicago private elevators; 1*7.000 bushels at
1 Milwaukee private elevators: 132.000 bushels at
Cleveland: 118,000 bushels at Ooteau; 100.
I bushels at Manitoba storage points: 72.000 ■
'bushel* at Port Huron: 81000 bushels at Depot
Harbor, and 70.006 bushels at Portland. M*.
The aggregate stock of •/heal held at Port
land. Or and Seattle and Tacoma. Wash., de
creased 194.000 bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec. 12.— The tone of the wool mar
ket was quieter this week, although sales foot
up a lar*e average. Values as a rule are even
stronger than la«t week and dealers are san
guine that the top has not been reached yet.
Territory wool! continue to lead, hut It I" fliin
cult to find good lines of fine medium and fin
below the scoured basis of Me, and the range Is
up to G^rjtvic while many holders will not sell
at this figure, but are asking several cents
higher. Fleece wools are held firm, hut a few
washed lots are being sold Quotations:
Unwashed medium, etc.. Missouri quarter
blood combing. M^Xlc; three-eighths blood, :.■
6?6c; braid combing, tS€tZ3c Territory wools.
—Montana and DaKota fine medium and fine.
2:524 c: scoured. ••■•<:>'*•. staple. 8 ''.<•■ I tah-
Wyoming line medium and line. IWIlc:
scoured. 59«Glc; staple. •' .•■!•■-■. Hah" fine and
medium, iv < ii2ic. scoured. :>9fi file; medium, » B
22c: scoured. 52?154c. .
Australian, scoured basis, combing supernne,
SS(§SOc; good. SC$S7c; •rernt?--. v '" - -
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Pec. 12. - CATTLE - Generally
steady; butchers' stock, steady to strong can- ■
ners. stronger; carves, firm; Texas, steady;
rood to choice. « r.0«7 f.O; poor to ir,*.lium. $1 10
©6 40; mixed tockers. $3'.i3So; elected feeders.
$4 Zhfti ">■ Rood to chrtlt-e cows. $3 W'ti R»: heif
ers $3fi«;- ennnere. *1 '.^iS; l>ullf. $2GflfjlCO;
rulvt-8, J4ff4 ".; frd -..ins. |4»«7J30; Krasr
Te\as steers. 13 .V) | il4 30.
HOGS Sternly to %c lower: trade rather slow;
fair clearances. Mixed and butchers". It «o*f
410 Rood to choice heavy. $.1 !«*fM 10; rough
heavy; nBO«T3*7H; light, J3V/ii4 1O; '"'lk if
>n\fn. f.l »5W4 '■: • •
SHEEP— Market active; prices FtronK to iO/>
higher. Native wethers. |4fr« 60; lambs. $4*T5 «n :
Western wethers. $4Jt4 fO; WeMern lambs. I". 1"»
«?.'■«».
Hecelpts— Cattle, 3300; Hops. r-'v"r -' v " ■ sheep. 10,
000. . c . . . , . .
Cosh in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Pec. 12.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows; Avail
able cash balance, 201.652; cold reMrrvf.
J242.0«>,396. .
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— Consols, mi 15-16; Silver.
27>4'1; French Rentes,, imfm f .Vc. Wheat cargoefl
off coast. <julet and steady; cargoes on pavsagre,
nominal. unchanged; No. I auuidard California.
29s fid: walla Walla. 27s fi.l. English country
markets. ()ulet.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 12.— Wheat, firm. Wheat
in Paris, dull; Flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, dull.
i •• • L'plandi (
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. - red Western winter,
firm, '? <*■!. Future*, steady; March and May,
Si '''.'I
cnitX- Spot unchanged. Futures, quiet; Pe
ceniber. 3* l*4d; January. -;* 6d; February,
Cs r. T nd.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. 12.— Exchanges, 1329.701;
balances. |35.e27.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLANP. Pec. 12— The local wheat mar
ket Is still lifeless. An occasional small lot ot
wheat changj hands at prices varying from
tn<li'>'C tor Walla Walla. Valley Is quoted at
Me and Blue Bt( m si 53c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Pec. 12.— No changes In wheat.
Club. It ■*■ Blue st.-M 52c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 ?
St-rlitiK Ivxchanite, sight ; — 4 -7',
Sterling Cables — 4 17%
New York Exchange, sluht — 7U
New York' Exchange. telegraphic — • 12*»
Fine Sliver, pel ounce — 5"» Si
Mexican Dollars — 45H
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT PREIOHTB Ar- dull on the spot at
nominal rates which have ruled for weeks. The
chartered wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 15,940, HKalnrt K'.".<" on the same
date lan rear; disengaged, TIM tons, against
2S.VO; on the way to this port :•- M tons,
apalnst 141.300.
WHEAT— There- was no further decline, but
the market whs weak and very dull.
Chicago mi- tame, but holders did not press
their stocks on the market. Fresh buying will
be necessary, however, to sustain prices. Fair
buying at Oc. the first since Saturday. helped
the situation ■: 'What. Broomhall cabled that
offerings of New Platte were scarce. Liverpool
was 'lid lower, and light trade and th" approach
of the holidays Inclined the professionals to
play for ■ break. Toward the close there was
renewed weakness on Uradstreefs estimate of
an increase of 1. 975.000 bushels In the visible
supply, which, however, was considered pre
posterous.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. ITtt#tt%c; milling. $1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — May — 4000
ctls. $1 03%.
Second Session-May— 4000 ctls. $1 03?4.
Regular Morning Session— May— l4.ooo ctls
*1 034. • "
Afternoon Session— May— l2.ooo ctls. $1 03*4
30.000. II 01% December-20«). 97c.
BARLET— Continues In the dumps, there be
ing no demand of any consequence, and spot
quotations are largely nominal.
Feed. SO? for No. I and «fi«J 7.*.c for off graded
Br»wlnr and shipping grades. Rs*i:tOc: Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock -May- 2000 ctls.
77c.
' Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. SlHc;
2000, sn%c. - -..„•. .. ' ■*
OATB— Sales are small and at unchanged
quotations, though top price* are obtained with
difficulty. Offerings are ample for all needs.
Whit*. $1 1 'nl 30: Red. $1 07U-ffl 20; Gray
$1 074W1 17.. Black. WHcCII C7i*.
CORN— The market continues very dull and
nominal. Eastern White Is quoted at $1 n^vi 1
105 per ctl. All other kinds are nominal..
RYE— In fair demand and rteady at %IQI 05
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at $1 sO^f! IS par ctl.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 «VfT3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras.- M 40iJ?3 50; Oregon
and Washington. M 40fj3 M per bbl for -extra,
$3 25«i3 40 for bakers' and »2 ii'rfi for superfine.
M I LI.STUFFK- Prices In .sacks are as fol
lows. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. *2 75; Ry*
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. »2 60:
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25<6S 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4f?4 25: Cracked Wheat. M 75:
Farina. 14 60; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $fig 7 25; In sacks. »5 7507;
Pearl Barley. V.. Split Peas. $5; Green Pea*,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Ha y and Feedstuff
Bran Is very weak and some lower grade
lots are selling down to $12,50. Middlings are
steady, and choice lots bring the top quota
tion.
The Hay market continues demoralized at
the old prices. .
BRAK-SU9U per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS-- p«r ton. ; »
FEEDSTU.FFS— Rolled Barley, $16 60©17 60
per ton: Ollrake Meal at the mill. $2fi??27: Job
bing. $27 SO028; Cocoanut Cake. $2"«j21. Corn
meal. $23 {0024 &0: Cracked Corn. 524525: Mixed
Feed. »16 si"il7. Cottonseed Meal. J2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 1001 50 for common to good
and $Sff3 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7<g9;
Oat. i* &*&*: Barley. $5®6 i 0; Alfalfa, JiiJS per
ton: Compressed. 17010 per tun.
STRAW— 3S<@SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, and
the market Is quiet.
BEANS- J3 25»53 50; imall White. $2 30
(?3: large White. *2 4052 ;,0; Pinks. 12 65ft"2 75:
Reds, $3 25®3 50: Blnckeye. »4 WVTM 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $4 NOi; Pea. J3S3 23; Red Kid
neys, $3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®3Hc; T.'llo\r
Mustard. 48'4Vic: Flax. *2 124: Canary. 3> 5 r per
lb for California and 4c. for Eastern; Alfalfa,
7@Sc: Rape 2h@3c; Hemp. 4^4',c; Timothy.
4©4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— NUM. $1 tO^l 90; Green, »l ,»
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Quotations for all norts remain about as
previously reported. Onions and Sweet Pota
toes are In moderate supply, but there ls.no
lack of Vegetable*.
POTATOES Early Rose, 9O0»c: niv»r Reds.
■ ■•:„ Burbanki 10©75 c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks. 11(1 25; Oregon Burbankt fi'MfJl 10;
Sweet Potatoes. ■ - for River and .1! 2j for
Merced
ONIONS """ ; !*l 25 per ctl for nil kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5«6c per lb;
StrlnK Boans. I9«c Cabbage 40JI0Oc: I»* An
geleß Tomatoes, ;:«■?}! B; En Plant from l»'«
Angeles. Sifimic; Cucumbers. $1; Dried Okra,
12V4c per lb; Garlic, IMc; Green Peppers from
Los Anceles. *U..-: Dried Peppers. $'t»l<V: Car
rot* 3f>fj4Oc per sack; Lot Anseles Summer
Squash. 7Visl per box: Marrowfat BqOaSb, ICO
per ton; Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Low prices rule for Poultry, owing to the
enormous receipts from the East. Game Is also
In large supply, especially Teal, and pome lota
were carried over. ' :
The Eastern Hens and Roosters are Ming
worked off as well as ponslble at about 13^1
per dozen. _ .
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13<314c for Gob-
Men- and IT&M.- for Hens: I»ressed Turkeys,
lCfilTc; Geese, per pair. $1 78*8; Goslings. *1 To
02; Ducks. $4ii4 f>o for old and M aOlii y> for
young; Hens W.M. Young Roosters. $3 »V>V4 ;
Old Roosters, S3dC«4; Fryers. ■'■■■■ '*■ Broilers.
}3 7564 for larpe and ii I;ft3 DO for small; rig
eons. M per dozen for old and SI 7:>tf2 for
GAME— Quail. 11609175: Mallard. $3-83 50;
Canvasback. $3f14; SpriK. $1 7.1*12 2^: Teal. II;
Widgeon fi.;l 60; Small Duck, |14?1'35; Dow*.
7-.«Ti * 1 per dozen; Hme. SI 25^1 50; Rabbits,
il -Jf.il :'.. Gray <leese. Wtl M; bite Jl 27,®
l 60; Brant, tl 75' SI 50; Honkers", Hlio: English
Sni|»-. j:«i: :-i per dozen; Jack Snipe, }Vul :»>.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Ekkf continue to weaken cff. though the de
mand la rather better, as buyers are more will
inK to take hold, DOW that prices are tower.
There are larffe sticks of Eastern, cold storage
Krks h>-r». . -. • ■ . .
Itutter and Cheese stand the Fame. Mild, new
Cheeue I* firm and the finer Kraden .*f Butter
likewise, though the lower trades drag some
what. •
HITTKH
Creamery— creamery. 2lc; seeonss. 215
24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22c; good to choice, 20fi21e;
common. l!'' .
Pickled roll. :\'-it2^r. firkin. 20021 c; creamery
tub, 12fi24c
Kastern. 17<ilRc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12V; old. lPjc;
Younß Amerlcs. :>;'.<::(■. ICastern. 15^©160;
Western, lS'i^l."»c per Ib
EGOS Quoted at 2.'.'/27VjC for common and
•■ . i 4.- per doxen for -ranch. Eastern— Cold
wtorage. I*:':.-;;*.- for flrfti and ISC for seconds;
fresh, 21 < s'.'3c per dosen. '
Deciduous dud Citrus Fruits.
Grapes are no longer worth QUOrlnS.
The market ha* 1-een overstocked with Per
simmons for .i fortnight. Apples are also plen
tiful. Ori,nKfs are weak, and KM dealers are
•hadlng the latlons to effect sales. here Is
nothins n< w Iti lemons. Fre><h supplies of
Mexican Llmei are on the market. There Is
no call for Pomelos.
DECIDUOUS FltL'ITS—
Appli .L^ftftV i-r Ikix for common. 7.">cßsl
for r.ioJ and $1 211,1 Ml for choice; Lady Apple*.
11 ! : >ii2 per box
BERKIEP Strawberries. per chest for.
pniall and $1 Wf?3 for larce ries; Raspberries,
— — per chest; Cape Col Cranberries, 17 SO^P:
Coci I.ay Cranberries, II «" per .x.
IVrtilnimonh, 2«i&o'»c per box.
Winter Pears. ""••'<rs2 per l««x.
CITRUS FRUITS Navel Ornnses. $1 HUM M ,
per box: Sce-lllnits. I1IJ150: Japanese M/itila
rlni II 50*71 75; Pomelos. Jin.'. Lemoni 31'^ ]
1 > for common, and fI(T3 50 for •■•■! to choice; |
Mexican Miner. Jlf/J'O; California Lin* lift
50c; Hananas. {1 .".'•'<« 3 |>er bunch; Pineapple*. II
fti2 50 per ilozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market has a holiday api>earance. being
llf»le(is. with nominal quotations.
DRIED FRUITS— Prune*. in sacks, 4'ic for
40-oO't. 4R4V*c for :.')-6G"s. I'-.- for GO-70*«, 3'; c
for ■"*• 3c for SC-!)0"s and 2%e for t«i-ino"».
Apricot*. 114f13c for ItoyalH. 12'vQrSc for Moor
parks :i mi 12014 c for Blenheims: Pea<"hes, '>fp
: c for Standards tjtrr.'^c for choice ami "c foi
fancy; peeled Peaches, ll M isil.'.c; Kvajwratf-d
Apple*. 7'iT\>-; Bun-Brled. fc^'jUc per Ib: Nec
tnrlnex. S4^iSc pt-r Hi for red . Peari 6'j^iSc fur
quarter! and S'n l"c for hnlve*: BuY k I";, Z'tt
3 l ic: White F\g», ifite; Bleached Plump. SiSjJe;
L : nt.leached Plume. 7@7>ic for pitted and 140
for unfitted.
RAISINS Pleached Thompson*!*— Fancy, per
Ib, !"■ choice. 9c: itaadard, >>c; prime, fie; un-
Meachtd Thompson*, per lb. 60. Sultana.*—
■ Fancy, per Ib, M;c: choice. 77 I*.-:1 *.-: itandanl, fi'^c;
i prime, '••. unbleai-hed Sultanas. sc; SecdleßS.
1 ?^-lb boxes. Tic; Z-crown loose lAUPCateI ■ J'-^c;
: 3-crown. G'.;c: (-crown, To; London lA'iyerfr.
1 I crown, II SO pi box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Cluster*. J-. I'-i.-sa. $. SO; Imperial, ?3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NtTTS — Chestnuts. *510 c; Walnuts, StWc
for standard* and lOloe for sonshell; Al
monds. iiW'i'i- 1'"1 '" for paper-shell, StMOe (or soft
nnd 4i7r.- for hardshell: Peanut*, o*i<Tfi"-»c for
I Ea*tern »nd Se for California; Brazil Nuts,
! 7H«i<«o: Filberts. llH9lSci Pecans. lOQUc;
i "ocoanutp. 14 RfM&5.
HONEY— Comb, H'-'./i:.- for orient and lOHC
lie for llsjhl nmli«r. water white extracted. 7"-i
'•;^.■. light amber extracted.- 6* 4 fi'.'-: ,lark, :.'»i
pei lh.
BEESWAX— 2462Bc per l^.
Provisions.
Ther* Is nothing new to report. Trad- Is
quiet, as usual at this season.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, '.'>,.■ per lb for
heavy. SViC for light medium. 10V»e for light,
\t\-c for extra Unlit .md 13<- for xr-.ur.-d ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 124 c; California
Hums, nominal; Mcm Beef. 11l per bbl; extra
Hen. Jl3; Family, 114; extra Prime Pork. $14 SO:
extra clear. ;i:."; Mn>>. Jl6 50; smoked n.- •.
14«f.14'i0 per Hi.
LARD — Tierces quoted at Me per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
;>... • . i" ]!• tins. Ie: 5-lb tins. *■*,*.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. T ! , ■<: ••• per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops ax* a severe disappointment this year.
They are almost undatable, INI at the lew
prices. Tallow is also dull.
Wool Is quieter, as the annual stock-taking
Is at hand and stocks are too much reduced for
j any activity. Hides continue firm at the high
prices, and consignments sell as soon as they
strike "-'■ town.
HIDES AND SKINS Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lie; medium, lie: light. 19)6c; Cowhides,
lie; Stats. TV-, Salted Kip. liH»c; Calf, lie:
Dry Hides, sound, l kl 2 © 19c; culls anil
brand*, lie; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c: Dry Calf,
Me; Sheepskins, yearlings. I'nfi.v"..- each; short
Wool. :.:■'•! >:>■>■ each; medium. 70<fi?0c: lon* Wool,
$i</i 25 each: Horse Hl<les, salt. $2 25fj2 7i for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALIvOW— No. 1 rendered. Ie per lb. No. 2
4c; refined, 6Hc; grease, "He.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Jonquln plains. P1?l0c: South
ern. 1010 c; Middle County. ii.m.V; Humboldt
and Mondoclno. 15917 c: Eastern Oregon. 121?l".e;
Valley Oregon. 17®lSc: Northern Mountain,
free. U©l4c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10a
lie per lb. .
HOPS— 6«??e per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Th« scarcity of small -Hosts continue* and
prices are. a fraction higher again. Lame Hops,
on the contrary, are In free supply and weak
There Is no particular change In Beef, Mutton
and Veal. '
BEEF— ~&"\ic per lb for Steers and $'JS7c
for Cows.
VEAL— S<j?lOc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c: ewes, «#c per lb.
LAMB-Se^ic per lb. •-•■•■
PORK— Live Hop*. s»i«|sTic for small. SHfJ
f,\c for mrdlum and* ''t"',- forlarK'- stock
Hogß and feeders, 6Vjc; dressed Hogs, 7©S4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7#7Uc; -Wool
Ba«s. 28«30c; Fnilt Bans, «c. 6»4c and S»4c for
the three grades of white and 7Hc for bleached
Jute. - •<• .
BALK ROPE— Manila. 14>4©i5c per lb
COAL— Wellington. $R per ton: New Welling
ton. »8; SouthHHd Wellington, $7 60; Seattl" 17 •
Bryant. V. Coos Bay. $. c ,: Wallt.end, fs- Scotch'
; Cumberland. »75.1n bulk and $11 25 in
Kacka. Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $13- Can
nel. $3 60 per ton. Rock Spring, and Caetle
at Mcka J6. Coin, $13 ' r tOn In hulk and 115
In sacks. * 1B
CANNED VEGETABLES— »I©l BO- A i
paragruH. ; Tomatoes, 75c. < T r! • .'
CANNED FRUITS -Cherries. *2 4MM • for
black and white;- Peachea.- 11 65^1 80; -Peara.
tl 60*51 80; Aprlcota. $1 2S©l 70; Plum». $1 20®
1 40. - .---•■
' COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13ViClfic for prime
washed; Mril2>^c for Rood wa*h»-il; llVxl.v for
Koou to prime washed peaberry; i'-j^illr for
gOOd to prime peaberry; 9t(l2c for I ■-' '"
prime; Bii'J'»c nominal for Rood current mixed
with black beans; B<jS T »c for fair; v.;7V for
common to orcHnary. Salvailor— 9®UHc for good
to prime washed; 7%6M%0 for fair wa*h»-'l;
ll'ic for prime to Kood washed peaberry; "Kit
fe*«c for good to prime nemi-wanhed; 7**© S l«cl «c
for auperlor unwashed; 7'» c for Kood Kreen un
washed; &>;ff9>;c for *<"•'! to prime unwashed
peaberry. i>*i<ff6sic for common to ordinary. Ntc
arague—l4& lS'»c for prime to fancy washed; Sft
lie for fair to good unwashed; 7U«"%f nominal
for Kood to superior unwashed; S^i^OHc nomi
nal for KO'.j . to. prime unwashe<l •berry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l2Wls>ic for prime to
fancy washed; -9011 c for jcood to strictly good
washed: Sfj>T»c for fair washed: 7fi7»ic for me
dium; 4t»6*ic for Inferior to ordinary; l'V&llVjc
for Rood to prime washed peaberry; .&sit/9V
for pood to prime unwashed peaberry; T'fi« ii
for ■••■! to superior unwashed. .
LEATHEH Sole, heavy. HMn per II Sole
Leather, medium. '. v ':-p2Tc; Sole Leather, light, 26
One, Rough Leather. heavy, 17©»o; Rough
Leather, light. 25iJi26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
32*3 33 c; Harness Leather, medium. 30^32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 2r<iSor; Collar Leather, loft
Itc per foot; Kip. finished. 40®45c per lb; Veal,
finished. 6C»55c: Calf, finished. 75c<y|l 2«; Bides,
ftnlahed, 16fil7c per foot; Belt Knife Splits. W't
Ific; Rough Splits, $<81Cr per lb.
California <H«tr.r Oil, In ras«"s. No. 1.
75c; pure. 1110; LinseM oil. in barrels, boiled,
11c; raw, Sr»c: cas<-. £c more; Lard ('II. »-xtra
winter strained lutrrels. ",&c; No. 1. 49c; cases. Sc
mnre; China Nut. tfiw/KV- per gallon; pin-
Neatsfoot oil. hnrr'-;- SOc; cases. 6SO; Sp»rm.
pure. He; Whale, Oil. natural white, 32'i<*: Pa
cific Huhber Mixed Paint*. Whit- .in.i House
colors, ii 2SWI 33 per gallon; wagon colors. iZ'Q
2 25 p«r gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC. — Water
white Coal OH. In bulk. He; Pearl Oil. In
cane". 2'ic: Astral. 20c: Star. :•"'••. Kxtra ."tar
Oil. 2^; Elaine. 250; Eocene. 22c; Uendorlied
Gasoline. In bulk. 16c; do, cases. 22c; Benzine.
In bulk. K.'/jc; do, cases, 21Hc; M degree Gaau
line, In bulk. 21c; cases, 27c per Hull.
CANDLES-Electric Light Candles— Sixes. 16
02. 20 sets, lie per set; sixes, '.4 ox. 20 *»• 10c;
sixes. 12 OS, 20 sets. 9c; sixes. 10 oz, 20 sets.
8l;c;8 l ;c; J2 oz. 40 sets, hotel. 9^ic. Granite
Mining Candles— Sixes, It oz. 40 seta, US'" per
set: sixes. 16 oz. 10 »etn. \l\c; sixes. 14 01. 49
yets. 10^."; sixes, 14 oz, 20 set*. K'V\ alxes. 12
OS, 20 sets, 9*« c; sixes, 10 08, 20 sets. 9c:
twelves. 12 OS, 40 sets, hotel. lO';<\ Paraffin*
Wax Candles. White— Ones, 14 oz. 25 sets. 12Vic
per set: twos, 14 oz. 23 seta. 12Vic: fours. 14 oz.
31 «et«. I?','-; sixes, 14 oz. 36 sets, UMc; twelves.
14 os, M sets. 12*ic: Colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— QiiotM Hi 6 1^.'g7 ,-; Red
Lead and Litharge, '' ;4; 4 iT I*'1 *'- per Ib
TURPENTINE In cases. 73-. In iron barrels,
6Sc; in wooden barrels. He,
1. 1. i.l. Boiled, barrels, 56r; .raw, barrels,
64'- : caEf-s. Sc more.
QUICKSILVER-SSI per flask for local usa
and if. 1 47 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining; Com
pany «iuotes terms net rai«h. In 100-lb hags:
(.'uboß. A Cruoheil iin.l Fine Cruiihed, 5»»c:
Pnwdered. .'■.■ Candy Granulated. 3c; Dry
Granulated, 4** c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: Cali
fornia A. ; ICacnolla A. 4U,- : Extra C. 4\r;
Gol.Jon C, 4-. . barrels, l-16c more: half-bar
re!?. \ie more; boxes, 4c more: 50-Ib bag*,
«•»<■ ni.ir» N.i order taken for less than 73 bar
rels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels.
;«.'•: boxes. :.T,c per Ib.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follow* : Pin*,
ordinary sizes, flfiOlT; extra sizes., higher:
Rr.iwnod. $17?ilS for No. 1 ami $15<ftl<i for No »•
Lath. 4 r.-t. J2 20f?2 3": Pickets, }»; Shingles.
Si 75 for Common and 12 75 for fancy; Shakes.
Ml for H'Ht and $12 for sawn; Rustic, 121^27.
■Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 12.
Flour, <ir sks.... 9.0 M Lime, bbl* . 4<T7
Wheat, ctls 72.45* Chicory, bbls .... »
Hurley. ctl» 3.840 Hran.ly. gals 7 Oft)
• 'urn. Bast, ctU.. 610 Wine, gala 24.wx>
CM- ie. ctls 21 Eggs, dnz sil*3i)
Hutter. ctll 147 Alfalfa Sd. East.
Tallow, rtlK :<2O «ks I*o
Kai»in«. hx 1 Wool, bans 33
Sugar, bbls «wi Straw, tons J<s
Powder, bbls DO- Hay. tons 405
Quicksilver, fl«ks ZB Onions. *k» «04 1
leather, rolls — 173 Potatoes. sk« 2.303
Hides, No KM Beans, sks 143
Pelts, r>• 1 1 •• 457
OREGON.
Flnur. qr »k5.... «.4«0 Onions. sks 34?
Wheat, ctls 10.131 Bran, rks « «»•>
Onts, ctls l.lOt, Shorts, sks 3.6:5
Potatoes, sks 6,303 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities continued dull on the morning **»
sion and prices showed no change* worthy of
note.
In the afternoon Makawell declined to 143,
and th.- market continued dull.'
There was nr.t much doing In the oil stacks.
The following minis will pay divides on
th>- I.lth:
Bullion. Beck and Champion $]n rrr>
Central Lead 5,000
Beaton and California :>.•»■>
IV*- nun i ico
Empire State *>.(*»
M«ad tO.OOo
Mr><loe 6f«o6 f «0
Om< cola Cupper 275,C«'i
SmucKl'r in.«v»
Tomboy T2,(^»>
War Eagla 26.2.V)
Total ....' im.TjO
STOCK AND 14. )M, EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dee. 11— U m.
L S Bond"*— f Bi.i A «
4s quar coup.. — — i Equtl -; I. Co. B>i gv
4« quar reg,,.. — — | Mutual El Co . UK I 5& I
4* .juar new... — - jOGLfi II 43 44
3* quar coup...IO9UHO J Pae Gas Imp.. 12 (4
MiKVllUtlflUS- • «.• t.._IH Cl>. ♦<>% -
Cal-st Cab 5«..UT*i - |S F O.& 8.... 55 CSU
C C Wat fcs — — Han Francisco: 3Vj 3v
to L a r •*.!.»■ - Stockton Oae.. 1] —
F.v Cl Ity rtK.iw - Iniurance—
Geary-«t It .'.«. — M Firem's Fund. lTS 230
11 C * H •••-•••'-' - Bunk Stock»-
Do 5s KS'.i — {Anglo-Cal .... 65 -
L A H> .s . — 1"'"> Rink cf Ca1...400 405 "
i. A *. ••—.■'.. SM - Cal 8D & T.. — 87H
I>o gold C».. » - >.- ir .. t Nat10n1.,233 —
Do gniJ Is.. — 102 L^n r .-. A :_i I22ii
I. A&PRSS.IOI*;- Mercnm.- Ex! _ *%»
Mark-! 6....129U 31 \>v Nat lik ... 119 1904
Da l»t m., - .1. » s, vl nX« iianks-
NiNl, i( i*. 112 - (je,. >< Al. .. 1749 _
N Rof <;'! 65.115 115 Hum S A L...10M U«
Nltof ' •»' i».ll3'i — mv,m v , Say Blc 39 45
NPCIt It •••»•»* - SFSiv U 500 -
N FC-K X 5..1j«« 4 - Bay & L So.. - n
OGL A H 5».107»i - j Un on t > .... 1400 urn
»--* ii-n ••••',— *' . Street K»llroa.l»—
Oc W _SSS Sal imi '■"llfornla 120 -
Ocean S S i»..10J?»1094 ,, r-r> _
UW »*> m ,Market-Bt '.'.'".'.' a —
P& C; Ity M..10* - j,JakSL.4H. _ 60
I'owel -»t i: «■ - m j-owder
sliNP 1 " 8 m ,^j California .... - us
IWWSjTff*^ Vigorit 3 ,X, X
SP C 6»(IJC-). — HI » '" PC0.... ,j, ...
SvcSSS:iw- flaw 1. i\r NUO P3 —
« I cil «i - - I|rjnolt4a s c «- - v\
%pßr 6» 1-4 123 Hllt ' 1 ' Bl> Co. =« 264
I v Wft 6»:: : - m 4 Kii»i»a s co.. 20 2.-,
1 V wit «. 103 - -|»I»fc«weIl BCo 42>i CV
ri V W*« tMm>.luO*lol Onomea 8 Co. 33* 4 34',
btkton G». •». - - Paauhau ■ Co. 31 31',
Water stock*— iiuceiuneous—
Contra Costa.. 744 75Vi' A ' p *. ck Assn.UTV* -
lid "a c-unty.. m - *ler t:» Aim.; - mo
Spring Valley. 95 91S ?" a " Ic FF A Co.. 97 U99
..«.- ana r-ircinc— A 1- A.... IS —
Cent Oa. C 0... - - I'«" C Bor Co. 145 -
Cent Li P.... 5U « ' l'»r Paint Co.. (Vt —
Morntnc Session.
Board—
60 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 50
100 Hana Plantation CO 8 50
25 Hunhlr.son I* Co 2i» SO
75 Hutchlnson B i 1i 1 C 26 75
100 Paauhau S I' Co 31 fx)
kO 9 F Gas * Electric Co SS 00
2« B i' Gas ik Electric Co, ■ M .'.:. o>>
\\) s F Ga» & Electric Co. a 90 55 00
I 8V Water 95 CO
25 S V Water 9:. i; 1 ,
$40u0 Ha* C & S Co. 6 par cent .....1M iv
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 28 23
SO Mnktiwrll 43 :.n
10 Makawell 43 25
II Makawcll 43 00
I'-. M;\rk<>t-»t Railway 63 m)
200 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
25 Om.mea Sugar Co 34 00
110 Pkauhau S P Co 31 00
Street—
50 Aiikl'i- 1 '.il Bank $5 TO
$5000 Haw Cl 8 Co. I per c«nt 106 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD
Morning Session,
noard—
10 Alaska Packer* 117 25
200 Equitable ';«». 5 50
40 Giant Powder 91 no
20 Giant Powder 90 87tt
60 I^onekaa £ugar Co 32 37u
60 Hnnokaa Sugar Co 32 23
25 Onomea Sugar Co 31 00
20 S F Oai & Electric 05 23
M s f Oh * Electric 6.1 ijl
15 S F Gan A; Electric £.-. m
10 S V Water 9i ,
10 8 V Water % 124
Afternoon Seaslon.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers 117 $0
10 Alaska Packer*' 117 37U
100 Hatchlaaon Sugar 2« M
50 Honokaa Sugar Co j; 3714
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 31 00
SO Paauhau Sugar Co 30 bti
20 8 F Gas & Electric 46 -»5^
30 8 ¥ Gas ft Electric 65 Jo
55 V Water 95 no
100 vigor it Powder 3 r
!st<io Hawaiian Coml bqnds 10« 10
pnoDUCEns- < .11. exchange.'.
. Morning Session.
Beard—
800 Dominion 40
Afternoon Session. - •" •■
Board—. * r . . .
800 Dominion 45
AUCTION SALES
THIRD ANNUAL SALE
£* of fej
JO THOROUGHBRED
IfV YEARLINGS
(Without Reserve* From tfca
INAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Constating of the finest looking and best \r*<\
sons and daughters of Eolo. Crtchtr.n ',--
Miles. Idalium. Puryrar D and Th« Ju Ik> ; -
of the dams of Bamboulla. Canar*. 2 . , \
Champion Ruse. Watoesa. Pldalla.Alu.-r.
Catulus. I»ev»-reu\. Pnmptno. Moans. Bev»r«
Grotto. Alexis. 7-lnf.i Uttle T >:
rose. Oak wood, etc. •■- grandest »,-- ; . , ...
mare* In California are recresentei , ... ',
the largest sale of yearlings ever h« '-•■
Pacific Coast. All are thoroughly br w*u t>u-
positively untried.
SALE TAKES PLACE
THURSDAY EVENING DECEMnm U-i
At 7:45. in Pavilion. Electric L:«h?
OCCIDENTAL MOUSE IXCHANGE
7*21 tit. WARD ST., near Third.
Horses at Exchange MnnUjr Catalan**
ready \vm O. Lav.nu. Prooriff r
F. W. COVEY will cfncUte as au.tiu-— -
Seats reserved.
CALIFORNIA Oil, EXCHANGE.
.Morning Session.
Board—
20 Tidal Wave * ..
IN Tidal Wave J J?
200 Barker Hiinrh i U
600 Century Oil Co * f 11
K0 Stella l i*
200 Anaconda CHI Co ' • 5i
100 Anaconda Oil Co
1 Duqueane Oil Co ""** ■'•>
300 Yukon Crude Oil Co ' "tM
400 Yukon Crude OU Co ..,', j Jjj
Street—
20 Century Oil Co «m
20 Century OU Co '.*.* \ &
Afternoon Eeaaica.
Board—
VA Tidal Wave .
100 Century Oil Co '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. w
3"0 Anaconda
&>0 Yukon Crude Otl Co .....!
200 Yukon Cruda Oil Co i«
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co, b 30 I
Street—
200 Yukou Oil Co 2 to
100 Monterey Oil Co !..'!'.'.! * 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following wn» the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Slock and Exchange Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 20 10» Mexican 4"»
iw Caledonia is 20« i Ophlr ii
me c a va isn' ico r,,to»j '. n
!"• Crown Point... 17. lv) Savage v
s>» Exchequer .;... CZ
Afternoon Session.
VA Belcher to *v> Oj.hlr i.
W> Heat A Belcher 35 fcso Overman 1'
.<" Bunion .. . im wo potoni n
100 i: ■• A Va i :. Sco |.,,,,| ■; v
$«> Crown Point... 1* lino fcierra Nevada. 4*
300 Gould A Curry. 12' J3OO Union Con 2*
300 Hale & N0r.... 31, 300 Yellow Jacket. U
Mo Mexican 3>>; COO Yclluw Jacket. U
200 Ophlr 88
The following were the tales In the Partita
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnfc Session.
WO Belch,-r 20 ,W> Mexican . 40
aw Best A Belcher 3v Sfi»j Occidental ....". 15
£"0 Caledonia 47 2"0 Ojihir M
2<iO Cbollar n> >a ophir ........" 91
4'JO C C & Va 1 *>i, v*> orihir »
WCC4 Va....177V, i.4> Ophlr S3
1000 C C A Va 175 3<*s Sierra Nevada. U
3<X> Crown Point... 17 Z(fi Kl*rra Nevada. S'
&•/> Mexican az, 2<« Union Con 31
2u» Mexican 41; IGCO Carter's <> M C 3D
Afternoon Session.
moo Alpha Con . 04, 500 Oould A C 13
v>X) Andea 12 1 f,OO Juatlce ..... M
IM Uelcher 20' 2M Mexican '3J
•00 Best A Blchr. 37', < f.rt Mexican 3.H
Z'J) Be»t A B'lrh^r 37' Siv» Mexican ... n
SOS Bent A Held • B| 1100 Mexican zi
2M Caledonia 4.1 100 Mexican H
22 f «> Caledonia 47 2i«i Ophlr .... *;
2»0 Caledonia 4i *)0 Ophlr %i
W0 Caledonia 44' ♦«> nphlr jr.
2fw> ChalUnice Con.. 1»; 2^) Overmnn ... n
100 C C A Va....l 72'j 3i<» Overman r
3io C C * Va 1 7oi 2't> Havujce M
IKOC C A Va....1«7' 3 s<iO Hl^rra Nevada. .V»
2fo CCA Va 1 fci 33 Yrilow Jacket. U
(MCC 4 Va....l «V SW Yellow Jacket. Ii
200 Gould A C... 12Vj MO Yellow Jack.. 12',
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
TUESDAY, £>cc. 11 4 p. m.
Bld.Ai.k-> liM.Aak.
Alpha «:i 04 K«-ntuclc 1 i i.j
Alt* 04 Cf. Lady Wash ... — 0*
An.len 11 ij Mexlrnn f, 3«
nelch»>r IS 2» Orrldental 13 It
P.e*i.A Belcher 31 33 «>f,hlr ... j; .»(
Bullion 03 M Overman II li
Caledonia 45 — I'ntnul it i-,
Chollar 12 » kmvuitc t.% m
Cha:i»-nKe Con. 14 K-Scfirplon C 2 —
Confidence 76 — IH"R Uelrh^r.... «2 04
CCA Va 1601 70 Sierra .NVvada. 41 47
On Imperial.. — n; silver Hill — ta
Crown P018t... 15 I>> St I>iula — <M
Exchequer — 02. Standard — ; ...
Gould A furry. II l: Syndicate — C 5
Hale A N0r.... M 33! I'nlon Con 27 ;•»
Julia — M t'tah 06 ««
Justice «14 06: Yellow Jacket. 12 U
Time Ball.
Branch Hjrdr^rraphlc Office. U. 8. S.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Ca.l.
December 12. ISM.
The time ball on the tower of the n«w Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the l!*>th meridian, or at •
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 8. N'.. In charge.
smm, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Sarrer—
Times and Heigh* of High and Low
Water* at Fort Int. entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official «.u
thonty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Potnt;
Ibm height of tide Is the Mint at both places.
MHF.R I!
Pun rls*» 7:17
Sun sets 4J»j
Moon »et» 1:1$ a. m.
C ITimei Time iTim*! |Tlm«|
• 1 ) Ft. I— Ft. Ft. I -lit.
- i. m (II v L. %V II v.-
12 ... l.Mi 2.: 7:U| (.4 2:U-«.5 t:4l 4.1
14 ... till 2.6 *to -«.« 2::o-0.» W:u «.«
15 ... 3;05 2.7 »:22 -«.« 4:S>— l.l 11:38 «.*
1< ... 3:52 5.9 10:06— «.« 5:13—1.2
II W i. \V I! \V IL. W
17 ... I -4.7 4:41 3.0 1):S1 «.J €:*> -1.1
IS ... 1 :<i>;' 4.< :•:.•?■' 3.1! 1 1 .'. ; «.l f. |, _. i
19 ... 1:49 4.1 6:20 3.1: 1t. 31 5.7 ":»! 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
cUy In the order of occiin-ence as to time. The
•ccond time rulumn clv.» the second t! I- of
the day. th« third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column lives the
lust tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th • heights
*lven are In addition to the soundings en the
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— > precede* the height,
and then th- number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ."
reference Is the mean of th» lower low wit»r<
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. j From. J i>ue.
Albion Tlllnni o* [De*. 1.1
Aloha Tlllitn - De>. W
Queen (Victoria * I*u«et Sound I •*<.-. U
Wiihirnaw .... coma Dec. ll
Pomona .... fHumboldt Dee. W
Program Tocoma I Dec. V,
IWbt. Ad&mson. N'inaimn (Dec. M
EiDQlri ... Coo« Bay D*a 1»
Homer Coo« Bay Dry. '»
Arcata • . Coos Ilay D*tf. U
A. Hl.ir.i'h.iril...Vn. , s vu a y I»*c. II
Santa lto*a |San I'l^n Dec. II
E. Thompson... i rN>parture Uay I>*c. I»
Miami Seattle D*c. 11
I'otnt Arena I'olnt Arena T>*o. H
Newburß IRrays Harbor tVc. II
North Fork IHumholrtt P»^- H
KamoH Uumbnldt ~ Vte. W
Marlposa Sydney : Dec. 15
Newnboy <ira>s Harbor Dec. U
Crescent City... Crenrent OHy !D»r. U
Thyra [China ami Japan lD*e. H
Newsboy !C.ray<i HarN>r !l)ec. U
Columbia Portland HVr. li
Coo« Bay Newport Dec. in
Willamette ....{Seattle Pec. M
Bristol (Departur« Uay Dec. V
Aberdeen . iPcrtland P«c. 1"
Alltanr« . . JOrejon I'orta Dee. 11
Mackinaw ISeattte It**. V
Walla Walla... (Victoria A Puret Sou ml ' Dee. \<
Corona ißin lUexo TV,-. It
Wellington — iivparture Hay ir«eo. 11
'■ "imlle lUver..!f<ray» Harbor 't»*<*. I'
Peru 'Panama Iper. ?1
n >nlta Newport |Peo. I»
State of Cal....|Portland Dec II
Continued on Pajje Eleven.EASTERN S TAR CEREMONIAL.
MRS. FRANCES LENORY BOMFIELD, MATRON OF IVY
CHAPTER. OkDhR EASTERN STAR.
G«>LI>EN Qate Hall In the G.lJen Gate Asylum on Sutter street has I
of en boon very «loecrated. but rever more so than last iilkm
•m lhe occasion of the public installation cf the officers of Ivy Chapter
•if the Or.lt r of the East« m Ktar. who are tr serve for the current term.
The w.«!lk were hung with heavy rfrnperles. Hick of the station In the eaat
was a o«oth of dark material emblazoned with silver design, while above It
was the omUemntlc star if the order, that -'hone us brilliantly as did the
one that apr»^are<i to those who witnessed the wonderful star in Bethlehem.
The sev« ral stations wcr« as lw«irs of evergreens and Rowers, while the
stnti.>ni« of the Jive points of the central star • round the altar were a pretty
PlKht. Each station was decorated In jireon and the flowers In colors of each
of the five points— white, blue. red. preen and yellow. T. arrangement was
mort artistic nnd tho effect txceealngly pleasing. The matron-elect. Mrs. K.
I- Bonlfitld. was attired in a foautlful Riwn of white figured silk with Jacket
of like niatorl.il. trimmed with lirUht ste«l pnrFementerie; the other lady
rfflcrrs. particularly tho five points of the central star, were all attired in
white, while the patron and the chaplain were attired in conventional even
ing areas. The scone Just prior t«» the Induction into offloe of these officers
was en exceedingly Mriklns one. The installing officer was Dr. James M :
rell 0.-issaway. Hf«lsted by Mrs. J.nnle Abbott Graves, who acted as Rrand
manhat Earh of thew dssrhnrp«l their respootive duties In a most satl«.
factory manner nnd won :h<- admiration of th« Got persons who were present
The ne W officers are; Mrs. Trances Lenory Honlfiold. worthy matron: Roy
ThurF'.nn IClmball, worthy patron; Mrs. Harr^t Tensa Noah, associate
Tnntrnn: Miss Eva (i'Annna Salslmry. Ferretary: Mrs. Carrie Außiista An
thony, treasurer: Mrs. Charlotte Eliza Tlsdale, conductress: Mrs Minnie
Fldell* Wains, n-sociate conducts: s; Miss Helen Gertrude* Woodward
A<lnh: Mrs. Mary Louise Reddle:. Esther; MJm Ivy Madelalne Perfclnn'
Martha; Mrs. Kramn Erdln McKay. Kloctn; Mr- Ella Douglass, warder- Mra!
J.me Rooerkrr. s»ntinel; SnmUel Cli.irles Wallis. chaplain: Mrs. Al hie Almn
Palsbtiry. marshal. The music, which Is part of the Installation service *qi
by Mm Millie Flynn, soi.rano; Mm H. Clark, alto; J. F. Flemlnc b.i^s-^
und Samuel D. Mayer, tenor and nr^arlst. ' '
Afv-r the reremonlos v,,-re at an end Dr. GassawHy. the retiring patron
in behalf of the chnpter vr.dered Mrs. Lydia Ann Steeto the retiring
matron, one of the handsomest do«l«ned diamord set Jo wo i s ever cot un
for an effleor of her ranlc. She In turn acting for the chapter tendered to
tho rrtlrlrc patron a beautiful f. wel of his rank in the order •
All 'he prrmincnt members of the order wre present and they «-Ith
Tiar.v others congratulated the now tnatmn. who is the wife of Cantnl '
Samuel nonliVld. master of the <t. amer Humboldt.
The <-'rrmr>nJes were followed by a prand : '■' in the main hall of .v... '
isylum. which hud also »nen tastefully decorated. nan or the
PROMPT ACTION
SAVED THEM AT
DEATH'S DOOR
Two Young Women
Who Tired of Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
ivw Broadway. Dec. 12.
Hereditary suicidal mania Is the sup
posed cause that Impelled Mrs. Mamie
Fulllvan, a housewife, ag»>d 23 years and
residing at l'l Second street, to swallow
a deadly potion this afternoon.
Fhe was found lying on the porch in
front of her residence by neighbors and
wa* promptly brought to the Receiving
Hospital In a state of stupefaction. The
peculiar symptoms shown Inclined the
hospital physicians to the belief that it
was a case of belladonna poisoning. The
stomach pump was applied, but the con
tents did not reveal the nature of the
poison taken. After several hours of
hard work the physicians succeeded In
reviving Mrs. Sullivan and when asked
whether sh<- h;id taken earl-ojic acid she
■whispered. "No; I took muriatic add."
Her husband. William Sullivan, is a
plumber by occupation, and It is supposed
rh« wrur»-<i the acid from a bottle the
husband used in his work.
Mrs. Sullivan's escape From death was
a very narrow one. she was removed to
her home to-night, and, though restored
to consciousness, she refused to dlvulgo
the cans* of her rash act. However, she
whispered to Matron McDonald at the
hospital that she "had only done It to
frtgnten the folks." It appears that the
FUiddaJ m.n.l.i exists In her family. Her
sister. Mrs. Cooney I>nr.. committed sui
cide about two years ago by taking car
bolic acid, and . irs. Sullivan. It Is said,
tried to end her life once t»<forc. sevr-ral
months ago. Fhe is the mother of two
small children and '.•■ a sister of J. Col-
Ht. who formerly conducted a saloon at
POSTUM CEREAL.
j Sorry she \
| didn't quit \
j coffee sooner !
before kidneys \
became af Vected. i
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■a
"Since leaving off coffee and using
Pr>stum Food Coffee my kidney trou-
ble has been so much better that I am
forry 1 did not commence sooner, be-
fore the kidneys were bo badly affected
os they are now.
"The Boston Food Coffee was recom-
mended to me by Rev: Gray and wife
of Coldwater, who .■,!<! it had been af
preat l>< noflt to them, doing away with
bad feeling of the heart, indigestion.
«-tc. the truth of which I have .sine-
proved by actual experience. Posturn
Pood Coffee, in my opinion (and this
opinion indorsed by many others), Ik
far above the bitter tasting berry cof-
fee, but Fostum must be properly pre-
pared, and that 1h «-asy If one will ulni-
ply follow directions. For my part, I
shall never use any other kind of cof-
fee fo long at« I can get Postum Food
Coffee."— Mrs. L. A. Ross, Protection,
Kansas. '
T'^\A h yJ U f^ X * nn <\ "roadway. No one
I il
m
m
XMin* woman lyln* on the floor unrin
rtoor netehbor. J.. J!3£m£ "S
nft-r considerable work r.i™™ltaSd the
roung wonuus who absolutely d£-Mn«i to
offer any explanation. Th* strictest ,c
that thj Sir was jmrSTaSjfea
c fault for not having turned the ia«
hoalih i ", l»™ " ut of »■>"'. that h"r
m..ih»r had rtlM i»J-»nti v , ™ V lnl "it th,
PROMINENT AMERICANS
MURDERED IN HONDURAS
NEW ORLEANS. Dee. 12 _t, |. sported
here to-night from apparently reliable
sources that two Americans of promi
nence were phot and killed last Monday In
San Pedro. Spanish Honduras, the Inland
Th Wn vm! > "" Frank P " ar * *** murdered.
I I he killing, as reported, was of a partlcu
'any atrocious type.
Am the story roach^ th >* city. Captain
| John Imboden and William Gold were In
| their mat Ran Pedro, when a native
I wlhZl'h' 1 ? walk * d "P to the door. and.
Hoth TJ^i lea -*W vocatlon - °^ n «^ Ore
.Hod within a .hurt tlme after "the
tJw«r, SS f h< ) ',° tlri ' r 22*12? last Monday, and
«t<«m?M» n t™" 11 * 111 to this city by tho
• r way horn.. If there was
tain Imboden *»» the son of the i«te
Bl intsh llori'luraa for a number
?L yy * H l* lV n * lHr « H >- Interested ""mm
i, * k N " fh « n « «<• known of r,oi,i wi ",
killing np«M not »>»» learned
.*.
NATIONAL LEAGUE OF
REPUBLICAN CLUBS
WASHINGTON. Doc. 12.-The executive
committee of the National league of Ao
publican CIulM m-t here to fetf* uu-.n „
city for holding the next convention of
the league President George Stone of
San Francisco presided and roll-call hv
Secroltary D. H. Stine of Newport Ky
showed forty-four members present the
largest on record at such a meeting '
A resolution was adopted reciting that
In the death of Vice President Hobart the
l*arue had lost a warm friend and «ud
porter and the Senate a wise and im
partial presiding otneer. m
Th. main feature to-day was a di*cu«
slon of th.- proposed repeal of article li
of the league constitution, which prohib
its It from endeavoring to influence the
nomination of any candidate or the adoiV
tlon of any. policy by any State or na
tional convention. Those opposing reneal
urged that a change such as that nro
poscd would lend to office-holding politi
cians controlling the machinery of the
clubs in favor of particular persons L, j
Crawford of Kentucky offered a resolu
tion providing that a committee of five be
appointed to present to the next national
convention of the league a revision of the
constitution and by-laws and to incorpo
rate into Mich revision an article provid
ing for revenues, so that the league may
be self-sustaining. Both matters were
shelved temporarily.
It was decided to hold the next conven
tion at St. Paul.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 18W.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JUDGE SMITH
OBJECTS TO A
JURY VERDICT
Criticized the Body in
Open Court.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 12.
"You have been found not guilty by
the Jury, but 1 want to say to you that
had you been tried by the court you
■would have been convicted. I want to no
tify you now that If you do not properly
care for your wife and child I will
make It my business to see that you do."
Police Judge Mortimer Smith mad.- this
statement to Philip Kent, who claims to
be a minister of some minor denomina
tion, and who had Just been acquitted
upon a charier of failure, to provide for
his wife and child.
Kent is divorced from his wife, and he
claimed that It was agreed that he should
not be compelled to support them wn^n
they separated. On the other hand. Mrs
Kent and all of her family testified that
Kent was expected to care for his
family. I •.
The Jury that rendered the verdict of
THE STUDENT COMPANY THAT PRESENTED THE JUNIOR FARCE.
OAKLAND Dec 12- The Junior Faroe." presented at the Macdonough Theater on. Saturday last, Is «aid by all
of t ... i 1"i 1 " , VCrS L ly " I'" to t 1 aVC r been the best presented In years, both as to the composition and presentation
R. A\ n Tully the author of the farce, and Milton Schwartz, the author of the curtain-raiser have been paid h?Jh
compliments by Professor Byte, the university* dramatic lecturer. The company was photographed In costume
not was rr.jnp.ised of th*» following;
J. C Bsly (foreman). Louli Lans. wii
llam <!;irk. M. yon Ostram. K. 1. Main.
!1. n siuirp. j..hn Kaisbln. bfarshall
Hatch, k w. rnrker. s. j. Helsel, B. i>
Woodward and P \\ •
The remarks of Judge Smith did not
please some of the Jurymen nnd cre
ated a sensation in the courtroom. K»>nt
tried to speak to his wife, but she re
fust to have anything to do with htm.
and then Prosecuting Attorney Leach
spoke up:
"This acquittal will not prevent another
prosecution should this thinK continue."
Then Judge Smith retired to his cham
bers, and J. C. Esty, the foreman of »he
Jury, followed him.
"1 do not like the way In which you re
ferred to the verdict of the Jury." bald
Mr. Kstv to Ju<ip* Smith. "We only did
our duty and did It Justly, and I don't
think that your remark* were called for."
"Why did you not make, your objections
from the Jury box?" demanded Judge
Smith.
"I had too much sense to say anything
of the kind to ycu while you were on the
bench." replied Esty.
"Then I want to say that you are a
coward and did not have the courage of
your convictions. There Is the door, re
plied Judge Smith, angrily.
Esty Is a prominent walk contract
or, and he takes exception to Judge
Smith's remarks.
"We did our duty." said Mr. Estv. "I
do not consider that there was evidence
enough to support the prosecution. *nd
the remarks of the court were uncalled
for."
PRETTY GIRL ELOPES
WITH A YOUNG BARBER
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— Patience sud
denly ceasing to he a virtue, and Weary
j awaiting parental consent to her contem
j plated marriage, pretty Louise E. ll.Yr
rada<» of Pan Leandro eloped with John
' Baptist Rittler. a young barber residing
at 1634 Myrtle street this city. On ii a st
Sunday rfternoon Miss Barradas •:■>■
I quietly Informed several of her closest
; girl friends that she iras becoming wenry
: waiting for her parents to name the day
■on which she might become the happy
: bride of th-» only man she loved, and that
she would therefore marry In spite of all
i True to her promise Miss Barradas left
San Leandro on an afternoon car, and
1 yesterday afternoon she and Rlttler ap
peared at »he County Clerk* ofllce and
secured the necessary marriage license
Rittler give his age as 24 and that of his
bride as 15 >ears They wer? promptly
wedded by n Justice and are perhaps now
, awaiting parental blessings.
Gochnnuer Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12 J. A. Munro, J. B.
Lanktree and T. G. Daniells to-day tiled
I an appraisement of the estate of Philip
Gochnauer. the Alameda marketmnn
who died about four month* ago. showing
total valuation of $fiM*). representing Ala
i meda realty $4000, Sonoma County realty
$2<m personal property MB; also a note
! for $1700 conpldered worthless.
Have You Been Deceived?
When you wanted a bottle of
Hunyadi J&nos
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Did your Druggist give yoo a cheap substitute, because he made a few cents
more profit ? -A Will you believe those M just as good " stories when you
know that " HUNYADI JANOS " is the only genuine Hunyadi Water?
Ask Your Physician.
He will recommend it as other eminent physicians have for many years.
TO UNITE THE
POULTRY CLUBS
OF THE STATE
Big Move Inaugurated
in Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Dec. 12.
The outcome of the successful exhibi
tion of the Oakland' Poultry Association,
the California Collie Club and the Pacific
Pigeon Club, which has Just closed in this
city, is a move to unite the poultry inter
ests over the entire State, and bring them
together In dm general State organisation
that will bring the California poultry In
dustry to the front in the United States.
Th. are now some fourteen different
poultry organizations in different parts of
the 1 State, each one doing, good work in
its own locality, but without any State
organization or any established relations
with the other organizations. The Idea
was advanced of organizing ■ State Poul
try Association, to be" composed of dele
gates from the various local poultry asso
ciations and to bring about a more com
plete understanding and harmony of
chicken interests of the State.
A meeting was held on Saturday even-
Bushnell
in« ;it the Close of the Oakland Exhibi
tlon :iikl ,i committee was apu.»lnt»»d. on
whl.h. arc. B. F. Mitchell of Presno. Dr.
T. H. Ke\ f Alamedn. representing thl.«
i';irt of tb< State; 1. B. Brown of Klver
representlnc th<- southern section,
the Coffe* Brotberi <>f Bacramento,
entlng the north. Th.-v are aiven
Power to .lr;i\v up a fcent-ral plan for B
organisatl m. t.> be submitted at
future meeting when ;tll <>f th<> pool
rg-anlsatlona will be anked to send
•• - and adopl some kind of ■ plan.
"Thi- matter is in its Infancy*" i"«ld T)r.
o-nlght, "but we hope to hrlni? It
to ■ successful conclusion. It la not the
intention of the proposed State ■■rnnniza-
Hon !■> Interfere in any way with thf local
organisations, but rather to unite thorn
Into a harmonious whole. This State or
ranlxation will be composed of detesjatei
from the local clutfa and will have (hargf
of one Sta'< poultry show each year. An
fffiprt will also !><• :n;iilo to keep the dates
of Im.- :i ! shows from conflicting. Thf mat
ter is now b.-inj? worked out and we hope
tn bririß It to S Successful conclusion."
TAYLOR INAUGURATED
GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY
FRANKFORT, in-.. Dec. 12.— William
B. Taylnr w:«s Inaugurated Governor
tff day. Tin- crowd wa« much smaller than
In past years, dttfl to I DmchAmV bliz
zard. The Inaugural ceremonies were
simple. KeiirliiK Governor Bradley. In hts
speech, said thnt he hoped the Goebel
election law. which had brought so much
turmoil to the State, would ).». wiped from
the statute i>ooks. Governor-elect Tay
lor, in nil inaugural address, paid:
"The verdict rendered by the people last
November was the mnndate of the people
in favor of rivil Ituetty. It was the tri
umph of the people over th»> merclles*.
remorseless partisan machine erected to
t iisl.i\ i them."
Hi said one Of the chief alms of his ad
ministration would be to cause, the repeal
of (He election law.
The oath of office was administered to
Governor Taylor at noon by Chief Justice
Hnzlelgg. , . . .
The Democratic candidates for State of
fices to-day btnn serving notices of con
tests against the Republican candidates
who received certificates of election.
Sale of a Railroad.
siorx CITY, lowa, Dee. 12.— The sioux
City and Northern Railroad and its prop
erties wore sold this afternoon under an
order of the Federal Court by Howard 8.
Baker, special master in chancery to
William Stewnrt T"<l and Robert E Tod
of New Y>>rk of the firm of J Kennedy
Tud * Co. Tho road was sold for $1 SO) nort
Th- sale was to satisfy bonds of •i.Mft.ooo
and Interest due and accrued amounting
to $400,000. The property will be operated
now in connection with the Sioux City and
Western, also owned by the Tods by th*
• ireat Northern. It is tluught the" two
lines will eventually be turned over to th«
Oreal Northern, with which the Sioux
City and Northern connects at (Jarretson
S. D.
HE DENIES THE
POLICE FOUND
TOOLS ON HIM
Strange Stcry Told by
Sullivan.
— ♦
Oakland Office San Frnnclsco Call.
90S Brondwnv. Dec. i 2.
The defense in the trial of C. C. Sulli
van, charged with being Implicated In the
burglary at Gotfs Alameda Jewelry store
with Wilbert Wlllm<>re. who during the
chase that followed was shot and killed,
made ar star move this afternoon In Judge
Hall's court when the accused was called
to take the wltr.es* stand In hl» own be
half and to deny thnt the Alameda potto*
found burglar's tools on him at the City
Prison.
The prosecution hud plac^-d much
weight on the testimony given by (I. \V.
Comfort. Policemen Brown. Mcßae,
Hrnmpton and Wfli-h and John Conrad.
Alameda's Chief of Police, during the
morning. They had testified that Sullivan
w;im ff>und lying under a bush In a vacant
lot on Clinton avenue. Alnmedn. and the
officers and their Chief de«crll>ed the nip
pers, shears, clumps, revolver, cartridges
a .1 brace they claim they had found on
f?ulll\an at the City ivinon. Moreover.
Officer Hadley had Identified the accused
as the man he had s?en over the fence at
t im- re 5 r in f Gott ' n Ftore - aml thnt »' that
whiskers! " * an ° re a week>s growth of
n j?« inv n proved a markably calm wlt
™; lf ,ii c « t .W lfled that lle had trled to
P*raua4e M i Im.re not to commit the
Planned burglary. He had crossed the bay
on tha steamer Berkeley at I o'clock on
the nißht of the burglary. November 8.
tor over an . hour We walked about near
the station where we alighted." said Sul
livan, and I used every persuasive arcu
rnen, . to k . eep willmore from carrying out
hilt Intention. Finally we met a Btrancer
Win™ had "ever met before. He and
thi »i, h '' lfi 11 n Hhort conversation and
then they walked off. I did not know
hat. time t was. but I walked about for
quite a while, when to my rlßht , heard
three shots fired. I rather surmised It
was the outcome and naturally ran to
ward where the shootlnjc came from "
In explaining the circumstances of his
capture Sullivan testified: "I was down
an embankment when a man ordered mo
o come up. The bank was steep and
there was but one way to Ret up. When
J k '!. up I bepan to run. for they were
jhootlna-. and as I ran in another direc
tion they started shootlnjr there, too. I
really went Into this lot to keep from be-
Injr shot. }, had no chance to surrender,
for every time I showed up they'd shoot
tit fn<\
Witness denied he had been anywhere
near the scene of the burglary. "I couldn't
{,I»Vr!?rT, I »Vr!?rT. th ?, rr * i whpn ' wns «*l»pwher<»."
he replied tartly to a question put by Dis
trict Attorney Allen *on cross-examina
tion, and he ealmlv denied that the offi
cers at the City Prison had taken from
his possession the nippers, jimmies,
shears and brace. "I never had these on
me. and where they came from I do not
know. said Sullivan. The shears and
brace. It will be remembered, were Identi
fied by A. O. Oott as having been stolen
from his Jewelry -tore the nlßht of th«
sensational bursary. Sullivan grave his
are as 33 yenrs and his occupation as that
of an upholsterer, he.hnvln* put up some
money In a partnership with one Annie at
IK7<» nlon street. San Francisco. He was
born in Watsonvilte. and declared that
since leaving the State prison he had en
denvored to earn an honest llvlnpr.
Throughout his testimony Sullivan
showed not the slightest Inclination to
become rattled. He wns careful In »rlvlnir
answers nnd dwelt with emphasis on the
facts of Willmore Kolnp off with a stran
ger and that the police did not find the
bnrjilnr's tools, etc.. on him.
Owing to the absence of a witness
George Smith, an Alamedn expressman,
by whose testimony the defense hopes to
corroborate Sullivan In his statement of a
third man Implicated, the trial was con
tinued until next Frldnv morning.
Mills College Closing Concert.
OAKLAND. Deo. 12 -Tho .-losing con
cert for the present term at Mills »Vi|l,ge
will be riven next Tuesday evening. The
programme will be one of excellence
Last Friday the Bryant Literary ■octet?
gave a musical evening, the life and
works of Verdi being discussed, and on
which ocr-islon two scenes from "II Tro
ratOre" were sung by Mr and Mrs. Ca
denasso of Fan Francisco In costume.
VISITS THE POPE.
Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco
Received.
ROME. Drc. 12.— The Pope to-day re
ceived the Archbishop of San Francisco,
th» V«tf Rev. I'M rick \V. Rlonlan. ami
the Bishop of N'wark. tho Moat Rev
William Wlgger. In audience.
Bazaar in Richmond Hall.
What is designated as a calendar enter
tainment and bazaar In aid of the Rich
mond Congregational Church was opened
in Richmond Hall last night by the ladies
of the congregation. The object In view
Is to raise funds for the Ladles' Aid So
ciety, which organisation In turn aids the
church In its good work among the people
In that section of the city.
The hal! Is subdivided into twelve parts
representing the twelve months or the
year, with a booth for each month, the
whole being under the management of
Mrs. C. F. Miller and Mrs. J. Donogh.
The entertainment will continue to-day
and to-morrow, and from the number of
those who were there last night the af
fair promises to be a decided success. The
hall was crowded during the entire even-
Ing and much enthusiasm was manifested
by the ladles having charge of the bajta&r.
REVIVAL OF NEW YEAR'S RECEPTION
CAUSES GOSSIP IN OAKLAND
MRS. F. M. SMITH, WHO WILL RHVIVE THe OLD CUSTOM.
OAKLAND. Dec 11— Mr* F. M. Smith, wife of the man who owns
nil of the borax mini In the country and rnojt of »•,,,. street mii
• roads In Oakland, announced .i few days ago that she would cele
brate the advent of the new century the good old century way—
that she would receive her friends upon th. first day of the year
and would "revive an old custom." Mrs. K. m Smith has takm much In
terest in Oakland and Its society ror BM time past, and this meant mere
ly that she would receive her friends and guests upon the blithe New Year
day In bet usual hospitable way. To most of Oakland it was an Interest
in if return of the old New Year custom which has long; since fallen into
disuse.
But as the days went by and the announcement was passed around that
Mrs. P. M. Smith wa going to rive an old custom." there loomed upon
the horizon a tiny cloud th it grew around that expression — the revival of
the old custom. There were those who could not disassociate from the "re
vival of the old custom" the old. old story of the New Year treating and
It* results.
Now, what did Mrs. Smith mean by "reviving an Old custom?"
With that question went the other. Do»b it mean a sideboard and a
bunch howl?
And while no one baa asked Ml . Smith what details she. Intends to In
clude in her "revival." the prohibition tongue baa been raised in protest
aajnlnsi the possibilities of ■ too complete revlvnl of the "old custom."
Said Mrs. M. K. Blake of the Non-Partisan Christian Temperance Un-
Inn: "I deplore the news that any Oakland society lady of Influence Is pro
posing to keep an open house on New Year's day that will Include an open
sideboard. I bad hoped that this custom had died out. a New Year'a re
ception is one thing itnd .1 revival of the old New Year's custom with Its
open sideboard Is quite another. This latter revival of the old custom would
be very mistaken hospitality, and I trust that there will be no revival of
the sideboard custom."
S. P. Meads, a leader of the prohibitionists and a professor In the Oakland
High School, said: "I should regret very much to see the custom of giving
Intoxicating liquors to guests on New Year's day revived again In Oakland.
I should esteem it ii grave error on the part of those who have any consid
eration at all for the welfare of the youth of Oakland."
Rev. E. U. DOle, paster of the First Methodist Church, said: "I should
greatly regret to see the revival of this old custom. Even aside from the
wine drinking I would deprecate Its revival, IS I consider the holiday tlnu
as sacred to th» home, and It should not be invaded by social duties."
Rev. R. K. Coyle thinks that New Year's sociability Is a very pleasant
thing, and says: "The New Year'i ccbratlons which I remember seeing and
Joining in years ago In the East were very pleasant affairs, and 1 would re
gard with favor the revival of the custom. New Year's day Is an especially
appropriate lime for the formation of new friendships and the renewal of old
ones, and there Is no reason why objectionable features should be Intro
duced."
Mrs. K. M. Smith sees nothing to discuss in her proposition to "revive
the old custom" of New Year's receptions. Mm says thnt she has not de
cided whether she will have 11 punch bowl upon that occasion, and that she
can always he trusted to "do the proper thing." With these words those who
worry over Mrs. Smith 1 "revival of the old custom" must b« satisfied.
"I have no desire whatever to discus* this matter." said Mrs. Smith to
night. "I have simply decided that on New Year's day I will keep open house
and you can use that expression If you will. As to whether I will have a
punch bowl on thai occasion I do not know, for really I have not given the
subject any thought. In fact. I have r:ot >et decided upon our menu. I do
not kuow what we will put on the table or what there will be to drink My
friend* know very well what kind of a house I keep, and whether I rive
them r\ gl«is of water or a cup of coffee to drink they have never found oc
casion to complain. •
"It is nothing new for us to receive our friends on New Year's day Why
really, we never stopped doing so. It Is n good, old-fashioned custom to re
ceive your gentlemen friends on that day and to receive the ladies a few days
later, and It's nothing for us to do that. I run not imagine the cause of all
this talk, Why. this afternoon, while I was attending a card party at a
lady's house I was asked whether I favored a punch bowl or New Year* day
and I said 1 had not given th» subject nny thought. Then I was asked
whether I was not afraid that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union
might get after me. well. I certainly have no reasons to fear them, and I
never was so Insulted.
"There are several reasons for onr holding one n house on New Year's Any.
In the first place. I have said It Is a good old-fashioned rtiPtnm which we hay«
ever followed. Then, agnln. Ney Year's Is my mother's birthday. She will be
78 years of age. and I think that is Just cause for congratulation, and if there
were no other reasons for our hold! nit open house that would be a good rea
son. And finally. Mr. Smith and I will never again *»c a century go out or a
new one come. in. and that Is another reason. Indr ed. it will be a good day on
which to make new acquaintances and keep up old ones.
I 1 The Sunday Call's 1 j
j I GREAT CHRISTMAS , j j c
| j ISSUE.... j i
j j Out December 17. \
(Out December 17. I
J AN INNOVATION IN \\
\A CHARACTER AND QUALITY. ft
[IB Note the Great Features: R
! ▼ KITCHELL'S MARVELOUS MADONNA. V I
| A composite photograph of the famous beauty types ;
of the Madonna. The most strikingly beiutifu! pie* :
. tu'e of the age. ■
: MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by i
Mar* Twain.
: THE LEAGUE OF TEN. by Madge Moms Wagner. "
A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Oulda.
j THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS. by Hester M. Stow*. j
J FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Miry E. Wilkins. i
i CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS i
W CAME by Major Jose Ramon Pico. fc«
3 I THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER-YEAR." by Father 18
Yorke. 1 Jf
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVES CHRIST-
ERANS. . MAS.
CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- J STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. v- HOUSE.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR CHRISTMAS AT MANILA
CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
vts Neither expense nor time has been spared, and
%£& the Sunday Call. December 17, will be the jg?
jL^N^. most artistic and Interesting Christ- 4s*"?*"^ •
IJfljjSss^s-.cv mas issue in Am-rlca. 3^*^^
910
RAN* FRANCISCO CALL.
UCMXEM OFFICE of the San Francisco
fall, corner of Marl;et »-i Third rtreets, open
until 52 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; epen until >:20 p. m.
V6C. Hayes tttwt; orien until *:S0 p. m.
C 2* McAllister street, c.pen until 9:20 p. m.
CU Larktn street: < ;•• n until * JO p. m.
:W1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
:."r.i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until ? i' m.
J0« Eleventh street: open until • p. m.
1W Valencia street; ■as until »p. m.
irrS Polk ftre^t; oprn until ! p. m.
Northwest ccmrr of Twenty-second and Ken-
f.icky » treats: open until » p. m
NEK 1 l\t. MOTICatB.
CP.OCKnTT !,od«e No. IS*. F. and A. M.
IL— Vint decree THIS (WEDNEri- ~g\_
PAY) EVENING. 1 -.-.■. n.ber IS. a: ::S>X_X
O'clock. Uy order of the W. M. /V>
11. FORTRIEDg. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M.— Officers mi members are re- ~^\_
quettei) i,. attend the funeral of I-l»- jC3f
MUND V HATHAWAY frem tht/^r>
Maponle Temple. WEDNESDAY. December
13. at l:S9p. n.. Master Manonn, relatives and
friends cordially invited.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodr.e No. 164. F. and A. ■
M— «j^«clal meeting THIS (WEDNES- «J%_
:-\Y> EVENING. -iiiN-r 1.1. at 7.30 TLjK
o'clock. I'lrst dtpre*. /^r>
Til 80. K. SMITH. Secretao'.
111SSION Lodge No. 1O.~"f7 and A? M.— V~~
Called meetlzm THIS (WEDNESDAY) J^.
i:\i:\isu. ±i 7 s.i «.-. : „i ; Second de- jffJT
m tree. C. I>. HUNKER. Br<. /^F>
TUB annual meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National P.ank of Kan Francisco.
Cal.. will be held at its banking house. 331
Mußtxotnery *t.. San . Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January ». IHOO. at 3:15 o'clock p.
Jr.., for the elect ion of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the tran.«a<*t!un of such
other buslnevs as inny > •:w before the meet-
Ing. <!liO. GRANT. Secretary.
6«n Francisco, Iw-esiber y. ISS».
THE California !'••::!« CommiMlon. having re
ceived applliatious to mine by the hydraulic
procers irom U. F. Keith and J. and Wm.
Oinuon. la the Sydney Flat Gravel Mine,
•..••si: .I:i»M.ii. 1 :i»M.ii :n;:>, Tuolumne Co.. to depoklt
talllnrs in Woods Oir«* ana Tuolumne River;
;r.-m the nurrka I^ake and Yuhb Canal Co..
consolidated, in a portinn of ',:..• Consolidated
1 ".a.-'T Mine, at Columbia Hill. Nevada Co.,
to d«*j>ot.H tailings in Spring Creek; fn>m F.
M. Thor.jas4.oa. in the Vhalk Flat Mine, near
Pike Cat. Pt»rra Co.. to deposit talMnes In
Chalk Plat Ravine. froai Wajter l»o!rt\ in
the Boire Placer Mine, near Railroad Flat.
«*alaveras Co.. to deposit tailless In a ra-
vine brlow the mine; from I'arii Bean. la a {
branch cf Coffee Pot Kavine. In Yuba Co..
near C.lprer MM*, to •.-.-. ta!i:cc» In
Coffee I"ot Rarlne; frota J. W. PJnder. In the
Little Gap Mla«. near Hajultt Tuolumne
Co.. to deposit aiilnics in Strratnlesa Valley;
from I. M. «lilbert anJ A. M. Oolwell. tn the
Ben Franklin and Davis Consolidated Mine.
at Yankee Jims. Placer Co.. to deposit tall-
Inn In an <: 1 p'.t; from Jna. Williams et
alt., la tiie Williams Ranch Mine, near Ono.
Hharta Co.. to deposit tailings In Watson
Gulch: frora O. W. Henderson et als.. In the
Fnuthern Cross Mine, at Yankee Jims. Placer
Co.. to levoatt tailings In Mexican Gulch;
and from A. W. Melion et ais.. In the Chero-
kee Mine, at Cherokee. Butte Co., to deposit
tailings la Pry Creek, gives notice that a
n-.eeting will be held at room S3. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. on December 26.
»M. It 1:30 d. m
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annnaJ meeting of
t . l c stockholders of the Pmauhau Sug»r Plan-
tation Company will be b»'.<! at th? orfloe
rt the company. 227 Market st !n the city
•ad county of San Francisco, en SATUR-
DAY, the 23 day Of December. 189 J. at the I
hour of 11 o'clock a. rr. . for the purpose of
electing a b->ard of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction cf such .
other business a* may come before the meet- '
ing. Transfer books will cloae on Wednes-
day. November a. l«» at 3 o'clock r m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
The ebrv* a*\ .--• • - I -»t,r . r of the Paan-
hau Furnr Plantation Company Is postponed
until THITRFPAY. Dwmber 21. im at 11
'■'cWV «. tn. E TT. M>OV Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
YOI - 1» fortune-Astroiofry. by mall only: send
P. O. mon«y order for (2 S3. with the following
rcQu!re<i data: The hour of ■'•-am.
«r j>. m.: "iatr. month, ye«r: .-Sty and ::-tr> .
a.so whether male or '-"-lie, married or sin-
Kle: pli-ase rtat« wliere you wish your hero- I
nccpe arid readinc forwardM tn by "mail. Ad
PROF. L (\ HENRY. Astrolor<T. P. O. box I
T127. f*an FrnnfWro. Pal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICB free; It W. KINO, rlxth Coor, Chronl
irle tiutldlnc; no advance charges; all case*;
e»tafs. m»>ri(rayea. Oainacee, ooll*ctlona. i
bankruptcy; ullls, etc.. drawn: moderate fees;
r\U or write.
AXA'IiTJ free; <livor«-e law a, epeclalty; private;
no fie without suprers: oollectiotia. Q. W.
HOWE, atty at law. BO Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 335 Market rt.. opp. liason;
<-mru>tutlcn free; moderate fee*.
F. H. MCnznACII. attorney at law. las re-
gamed rrartice at tO3 Cal. st.. Clunle hldg.
L. P. <*LARIC. Rraaia Fpreckels building. J27 ,
TJarket: ooawiltatlcn free; n.» fees la advance.
ADVICB fr»*: no cli»rre unless ruccej^fuT w
W. PAVllipoy. a;? Market rt.. opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRING.
T- 38. H. B VARNET. Market and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
RKPAIRIXO A -■ I O.TV
ROARD AND ROOMS.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and'cUy— Sun-
ny suites; bost board; for 2. $43 up: single. $*0
EDDY, 123-fntted States Hotel: rooms $1 U
treok ur>. with board 1.. DO; suite for two with
board. $'J; board, M week; meals. 2Sc; ele-
vator runs atl nlgnt.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market-Elegant
new furniture; flrst-clajis In every respect;
table unnurpaased; hot and cold water: ele-
<-ator: mttei.. with beard for 2. »- month up.
LAS PALMAS. ICO Market at— Suite of 2 or 3
rra.; private; bath: »la. rme.; board optional.
IvONOWORTH. CJ2 Geary-Large ruttea. bathT
for 3 or 4 gentlemen; excellent table board.
tIOO.COt TO loan on diamonds, « sllver.seal-
sklns. pianos, rur.a. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
NEW fatnllv hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent tiM*. «07 California st oo-
cu;ylng corner op;ioalte Grace Church.
O'FARRELL. 741-Oean comfortable roomi;
good taHe board: tenr,< to holiday transients.
— ■■■ AND ROOMS WANTED.
COUPLE ■'re sunny room and board In pri-
vate family, very reasonable; state price.
Adflre— bo* Mi. Call office.
JTRST-CLAES room and board wanted, no ob-
jection Jf part or t»ie whole In exchange for ,
voral and rlsno Je«»r>ni: by leading singing
teacher cf P. F.. *hnv office It In central lo-
rutlon Bon ::i!>, Call office.
HOOK'- — NEW AND OLD.
PCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes nook Ca. • i Mls«ion «t.. near Third
BOOTS AND SHOES.
SPECIAL!! SPECIAL!! SPECIAL'!
»■>' pairs Infants' patent leather shoes, sites
1 to €. only Si cents x.alr; mall orders filled. .
P&OPUrfl r-HOK«TORE, 13U3 Stockton st..
r.rar Broadway. . f ,
BOOTS and shoes made to order from ltt-claj>s
material, $6 to $S; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NIM:N. m: i .>;. St.. formerly with McNulty. ,
IK lOrbMI CHANCES.
A-COIINER Mloon with 1 years' lease in
wholenale dlatrlrt; place e»tab. years and
clearing from $2ty t» '• w per month: no brtter
offer la market. R. G. WILKE. Mi Market.
A-340O— DnUCACY store and branch bakery, i
on Larkln st.; rent IIS; good paying buslne*.;
fine place for 2 ladies or man and wife. Call
It. O. WILKE. >«c Market H.
A— $4&ft— CANDY store and factory, with living '
roonu, In choice lout ion on Polk *t.; rent
$32: clears $3; per week; elegantly fitted; a
rare char • R. O. WILKE. S0« Market st.
A— tSSO— RESTAURANT In mining town of OtW
lnnahitants; daily receipts 120; rent $33- a
l-arsaln. R. <i. WILKE. 'JO6 Market st.
A- $4mio— CORNER trocery and bar; choicest
location: rent $<0; •»- 1i..-. a lan;e rtore and bar
trade: stock all fre»h; a rare opportunity
<sll R. G. WILKE. W6 Mai • st .
A.-lISWV-RESTAURANT close to Market and
Manon flh. : doing a rushing bunlnem; place
>Urantly fitted up: worth double tin- motiri
aVki-4. «^U H. G. WILKE. *<* Market st.
A.-t)U*-VOnK at delicacy store, doing a
large and flrrt-claxs paying business; rent i
J2O; the very l>e*t location; owner must sacri- I
fice on account of other Investments; a great
J . ; . rgaln. Call R. Q. WILKE. X< Market st
A^M^SALOON; O'Farrell and Stockton «ts.;
I^m«. R. O. WILKK. '.<O6 Market Kt.
UWKV-SALOON: Potrero. i.r Union Iron Works;
fine fixtures: full value In stock; receipts $25
day: rent $20 month. BASILE. I Eddy at.
TINE corner grocery; best in Mission, cause
eale rlckness. COWING A CO.. t9i Market st.
BUTCHER *hop: murt sell: clear* over iXQ
tier month: lars-* family ca»h'trade. Address
box 621. Call oWce. >
BARBER rhop anfl rooms complete; rent low.
JIC3 Howard st . near Seventh.
VI— FHUIT and grpcen' lor*; good location;
living roorcs; rent 112. 411 Fol»otn *t, |
BISIKIESfi CHANCES— Continued.
A— PARTNER wanted; restaurant; to attend
cash counter and help in general; $75 per
month guaranteed; prefer partner to hired
help. STEKBERG CO.. MS Kearny St.
A— t27&-SAl»ON: 2 blocks of Market; 3 newly
furnished rooms; handsome bar and back bar;
value In sight; owner elck; must Bell. STEN-
Hnr.fi CO.. 26H Kearny st.
COFFEE, tea. crockery, hardware; the
very best location: route with 200 customers:
$100 per month guaranteed: full Investigation
allowed. BTENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny Et.
A-Il2nO— BTEAM laundry In busiest country
town In California; lot 60x100: brick bulMing;
one ' ; ... It from depot; remarkable chance for
active man; machinery, war>'ns. everything
In tip-top uhape; any one looking for K><>d
place will find this a fine Investment See to-
day STENBERQ CO.. i^y Kearny si
BALOON. with rooms; good trad-; rent low;
good location; a bargain. HIS Mission st
FOR sale— fruit stand; 3 living rooms;
i cheap. Apply 130 Eighth st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, etc.; for sale cheap.
3118 Twenty-third st.
PARTNER with $500 cash In a good paying
business Box £11. Call offioa.
SMALL home restaurant, north of Market St.,
for sale at a bargain. Owner, box 17M. Call.
FOR sale— Old established wagon-making and
horseshoeing business; IS years present lo-
t cation Apply 33 Cortland aye.
$2000— PARTNER wanted In old established
business. Box 1714. Call office.
FOR SALE— First- restaurant: north of
Market St.; half down. Box 1713. Call office.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and mere in work. WM. HENDP.ICKSON
* CO.. 814. Call building.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWKLL Ik COS. 412 Sacramento st.
a BRANCH .'flee for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky eta. Open till » p. m.
, A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements ami subscriptions has been opened
*t MZi Polk at.; open until J p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new. bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2< Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
tte cheap. BO AM A BON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, cart*. :
buggies. surrey and horses 1140 Folsom st.
■
CARPET UEATIN'G AND CLEANING. <
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work '
►end to SPAULDINtJ'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating 'Works. 353-357 Tehima st.; tel. 3. 40. |
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Bth St.; tel. South 2SO.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., i
<:; Stevenson st. ; tel South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Sutler St.; ■
tel. Main IM. GEO. WAIiCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. !
STRATTON'S. I Eighth st.: tel. Jessie M 4. ,
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 24S 14th
St.; cleaning. 3o per yard;, tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone Ea«t 12*. j
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA leaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blewlng; a mire
cure for poison oak. RAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Of v and factory. 31 Sp^ar st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium may be con-
sulted on all affair* of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move far&ily troubles; retore lost affections: .
unite the separated: recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire !
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction '
guaranteed by mall, send stamp for circular
with rr^^«l terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. '
235 Turk ft . near J ines Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. .1 WHITNEY. 11C4 Market St.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MMX. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters, t Hayes «t. . room 7. second floor.
MRS. BURKHAKPTB test meeting at 2 and 8 '
p. m.. 10a. 3230 r.'l st.. bet. Mission-Valencia.
MRS. RANKIN. card-reader and palmist. V-3
Mission st .. near Sixth.
MIS DU l'ltrx, cord readlnc; questions an-
swered by mall: advice given. X 7th. room 7. :
MME MORKAU. the best medium and card ,
reader; If.r up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
M.YE. »:.!!• of • Seventh st. Is th* oriel -
ral gypsy life reader; readings. 2Sc.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; Gentian spoken. J2IH Mission. op Mint. I
EDWARD EARLK. Independent slatewriter. '
BSO EMs st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenlrcs. I
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and \
palmlrtry. 23c; truth or no pay. 114) Mission. .
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. ::v» sixth st.
MMB RAVENNA read* life fluently; business!
advice; names riven. 2&c up. & Fourth st.
YOUR future toM by cards. »c. IC>, Sixth St.,
10 a. m. to S d. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to crave: future hus-
band'« picture. Sc; ladles. »4 i)'Ftrr»n St. '
COLLECTION OFFICES.
g!eo'rge~wT KELLY'S \~A^'genryTno charge un-
less successful. Room 310. *2? Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; 218 Locust aye.. bet. Van Ness aye.
and Franklin st. and Golden Gate aye. and
McAllister st. Apply C 23 Golden Gate aye.
COTTAGE of C rooms and bath at 8103 Clay,
between Baiter and Lyon; lately renovated.
%%— NEAT cottage. 4 rooms, yard: respectable
location. 1703 Turk St.. near Scott
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. moon** dental parlor*. 527
Market st . over Cafe ZAnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; alro by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and moat artistic I
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from II up: other fillings from 60c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from 84 tO up. flesh rolnred plat«« from (S fes
up; teeth without plate* a specialty; open
evenings and Sunday*.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry
Eynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain;, see our flesh colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work, teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. COc; crowns. S3 50. plates,
full set. $'■ . all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 808 Mar- I
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
V 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. »a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, » to 3
p. in. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farre'l st . ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received B 'first
prizes; no students; guaranteed ]; years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1442 Market «t.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Pitiless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 year*; lowest prices; 10 op-
erators, no students. fS7 Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. Me.
SET et teeth without plate. DR. ii tT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera- I
tors;open evenings and Sunday* *0 Market.
LOWEST nrlces In 8. F. ; work warranted 10
years N. Y. Dentists. »€7 Mission, cor. «th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sye- I
I'm; easy payments; evg. clause*. 103 Post. '
E. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. SOS Van Ness.
PARISIAN making. 387 Geary: dresses ,
made. $C up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat- •
i-.g pinking. 11l Post-over O'Connor * Moffatt.
------ EDUCATIONAL.
HK.ALD'S PuslD— College.' 24* Post tI.~S~F?-
practical ccurscs In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical , and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallaghers Shorthand Insti- ■
tute. Parrott building: be wise: follow their
advice: be thorough; life scholarship $iO.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted perscnally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
ITr.-.irS' « ot Positions. BAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1231 Market st.
THE Hitchcock School. Pan Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13. 1899.
EDICATIOKAL.
ENGINEERING school. civil. electrical, mining,
recch . survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
♦rt. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
I MISS^I. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
nally and by mall. SOL 1 Montgomery st.
E J. APi'LKBY, l>anjoi»t anil teacher; hours,
1 to 5 and g to 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell at.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. SOS Larkln at., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly '.aught;
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy, .'T. Mission st.
PRTVATat letsons by expert bookkeeper; moat
praetloa! me'hod 1134 Bush rt.
LAW schools. K7 Market. 8. F.. and Ktt Broad-
war. Oak land: day and night; correspondence.
T right and the end is In sight. PROF.
MKHKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.arlthmetle. grammar.wrttlnsj;
dnv snd nlitht; terms lr-w 1024 Mission. nr.eth.
KMI'LOVMKXT OFFICKS.
ORPHEI'M Kmployment Office Japanese, Chi-
i.ese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
I FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. SSS ('lay ft.; phone Davis 831.
JAPANESE information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main lit*.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42C.
; JAPANESE-i HINKSK Emp.Agency: all kind*
help GEO QAKI. 30 Geary »t : tel Grant M.
EMPLUYHBM WASTED— FEMALE.
mMT-CLJLWM Bwadtlh cook desires situation,
can give best of references: German walrresi
desires situation in prtvate family, best of
ref~rv:, <?s MISS tTLUN. 825 Sutter st.
FIRST-. I. AS- S-.\.dlsh laundress desires sttua-
tloa; best of references; city or country.
MISS iTU.KN, m Sutter st.
COMPETENT French girl desires situation as
nurso or second; r, years' references; city or
country. MISS CULUEN. 32:, Sutter st.
JCEAT yiung German girl desires a situation
as nursegirl: first-clans German second girl,
best city references, and a ftrwt -class cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel or boardlns:-
hiuse. want situations. Apply to MISF H.
i! 1.1.1N AN, 323 Sutterst.. phone Main 661.
WOMAN wants work In restaurant and help in
kitchen; IM > r Jl2 and room. Address box
Mil OfflC*
MAKi:K and seamstress, good fitter and
draper; sews roo a day or $3 60 a week. M.
D . box 1743. Call office^
, 6ITIATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light work; good
reference*. <1S O'Farrell st.
GIKL wants to do housework and small wash;
Is a good cook; or wait In restaurant; wages
S». $25. 480 Fourteenth st.
HKSi'KCTA'BLE young Eastern girl desires
general work and cooking; wages $18. Call
Ul I^rk'.n st.. near Golden Gate aye.
fnixuro woman wishes situation to do gen-
h.->usework; Is good cook; best refer-
ence. T3i Stevenson st.
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes po-
sition In hotel or boarding-house or first -class
family; city or coumrv 1024 Howard rt.
:>AMPH girl wants work by the day. Dlaln
waflhing and house cleaning: lace curtains;
»:irh at home. 1331^ Fulton st.
TV \si:in<;. lroiiinj: .>r ) .u.«e.-leanlng by Ameri-
can »nmun; 81 and carfare. Box 617. Call.
AMERICAN lndy wishes position an working
h u.«eke«'p«T; <*Jt>" preferred. <""all 2fC Sixth st.
GI'RMAN woman wishes a few steady places;
1 'ng. Address f\. Call branch. 300 Hayes.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work. Address M..
< ill branch. 1941 Mission Pt.
Wi iHAN wants general housework by th« day.
Apptj at 12 Twelfth street.
: rOUNQ hlftVl from the East wish situations
as house keepers; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 22"' M.7»on St.. room 14.
RESPECTABLB pirl would like a situation In
a private family; $15. Box BOS. Call.
N wiihh work by day; undeTtandu gen-
eral housework; givid cook. linx l?H. '"all.
MIDDLB-AOBO German woman wishes posi-
tion as h.usekeeper. Addrrsn or call MMP. P.
CRANSE 137 Sickles aye._ Ocean View,
WANTED Bttnatloo a« chambermaid. Call or I
■4dreH IN Hyde st.
YOITNQ finun wants work of any kind 4 or
; hours p.-r day. Apply BOS Birch aye.
GOOD dre»smak»r wishes to go out by the day;
terrrs f per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
st . room 7.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children s
dresnes; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at HI a day. Call or address 52)
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st.. near Mar^
ket; HO rooms: ?5o to $1 r,O right: $1 50 to M
week: convenient and respectable; free bu»
and baegr.ge to and from ferry.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
fkins. rianos. guns. I'nc»« Harris. U Grant ay.
• I MMUTIUD advertisements and subscription*
"•1 «: Can branch office. 2roo Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offtea for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been f-stabllshed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
■ '« Open till »p. m.
A BRANCH nfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ot 10*! Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH efnee for the reception of adver- :
tisenients and subscriptions has been opened
st in-3 I'olk «t.: open until « p. m.
■UPLOYME.VT WASTED— MALE.
ENOINEEK, Si rchrr..in. with t.ent of refer-
- k'.Mistoine.l to all kinds of mining :
vork. wants situation. For particulars apply I
I CROSETT & CO.. 62« Sacramento st.
HONEST. Industrious mun. understanding ran-
of orchards. hor»os. carriages, cow. garden
and fowls, wants position as caretaker any-
where in Calif. .rnia ir Nevada; good ref>»r-
AddKH H P . 417 I'ov.ell st.
MIDDLE-AGED mHrrled man. practical farm- I
«-r. wlsl.os i> .Kitlon to take charge of a ranch;
understands stock and vines. Call at rrtom 83.
Ahlborn House, bet. II and 1 or after 6 pm.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest man. under-
stands the care of horses, cowh. garden work.
Is handy with tools and has porter experience, i
desires position. Box 1742, Call.
KI'T'IIER, seven years" experience, young !
man. desires position; can give good refer-
ences Address box 519. Call office.
MXDDLS-AOBD man. to tend family liquor
store or tend small bar; can get up lunch or
»hr.rt ..piers; good ref. Box 522, Call.
HOT of if, wishes any kind of steady work; un- i
derstands German. Addreea box li, Call |
branch. 300 Hayes st.
TOUNO mnn. honest and capable, desire* em- '
ployment Address box 51«. Call office.
EXPERirV Kl< carpenter wishes work in the i
city or count ry or some Institution: is a flr»t-
BttM workman. Box SO7. Call office,
STK' >NQ German boy f2O years), some expert-
HsM in n-achlnery and electricity, would like
pIs)CC in shop to finish trade; wages not so '
much ol.Jer-t at steady place. Box 614. Call.
CARPENTER want* work. E. S..~Tli Ninth
St., room 9.
COACHMAN and general man wants -nu'loy- !
merit; single; do any kind of work; go any-
where, thorough; best references. Address
box 1716. Call office.
<"<><>K with wide experience; good reputation;!
cood on bread and i>:tstry; sober and eco-
nomical QBOROB STOLL. Russ Hou.te.
MIHI>LE-AGED reliable man wants~hot-I or '
Institution work; good references. PETKK
_MORR<JW. 227 Minna st. '
STEADY, unmarried man desires position of!
trust as collector, watchman or work aa Janl-
tcr or elevator man; can supply the best of
referfnees. H. S . care of C. P. Richardson.
■Urtwt ft.
WANTED 1". ■"ition by a flrst-claas engineer
and amalsamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.; reference* given
Address box 141 G. Call office.
$100. 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver b**T-
sklns. Plajios^ guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsem-nti and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ( iv Oj.en till 9 p m.
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver- '
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
_at 1223 Polk St.; open till » p. m.
A Hit AMU office for Call sdvertisements and ]
subscriptions has been established at lON Va- I
lenda H.
EXPERT OPTICIANS]
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician
U'7l', Market n , ss a n Francisco; exam free]
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made ea*y with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN A HOW ELL. lv
Montgomery r t,
GEART. 1917—4 comfortable rooms: bath; tol-
let : bedi : ft'.w-. k -:i» and . oa! . r«
HAIGHT. Xl Xie K ant almost new~flat of 7
rooms and bath: 82i.
I>>vi-:ly new corner flat. Rlchmond^blstrlct,
Eighth aye. and Clement rt.. 6 room*; bath.
M' I TUX nuts; Just finished; t and 7 roomT-
bath, basemt.; yard. 1829-1937 O'Farrell; reas.
. FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
ens each; tlrst and second floors. 417^ Third.
$16—4 NICE rooms; bath: toilet; gas; yard;
, cellar. isn Geary st.
j $100 000 TO loan on diamonds, wstches. silver, seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
2 fKEK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
sddrees.to lock box 643. Los Angeles, cc a |.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, nil sites. $2 90;
heavy matting. 100 per yard: 30x60 Inch rug*.
•I. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
st. near Broadway; open evening.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms, kitchen and bath-
room. 758 Howard st.
FIVE rooms, furnished, for sale cheap. Call 10
to I. (no dealers). ■ Birch M ■
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for 848 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buys
furniture., carpets. 767 Mission: tel. Red 3358.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-band furniture.
WANTED— $5000 carpets furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes this
(Wednesday) evening at < o'clock.
C. R. HAKSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
15 waitresses, country and city hotels, $20; 3
chambermaids, to wait, city. $20, $15; cook,
hotel, country, $25 and fare; cook. Institu-
tion. $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Mother and daughter. Mill Valley, $30: cook
for Ltvermore. $30; colored cook. Palo Alto.
$25; 20 German and Swedish girl*, housework.
$25. $20; 20 other girls, housework. $20.
C. R. HANSEN A- CO.. 191 Geary st.
A COOK for men, $25; see party here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
■ GERMAN or Swedish second girl. $30. see lady
• 9; housemaid. $2S. country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter gt.
REFINED girl to work In candy store: experi-
ence required: see party at S; country. MISS
CULLEN. 32.* Sutter st.
WANTED— Protestant laundress, $30; laundress
and second clrl. $2.1; seamstress and second
girl, $25; maid and seamstress, $20; 3 second
Rlrls for country, $20 and $25; cook. German
style. $30; 25 Protestant and German and
Scandinavian girls and neat Irish girls; also
a number of girls for housework at $15. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutler st.
COOK and dishwasher for small restaurant In
country"; wages $30 and $16; call early. MISS
DILLON. 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 804.
ANY lady having 2 or 3 hours' spare time a
day can make $5 weekly working for us at
home; nothing to sell. Send self-aildr*-?*-"-.;
envelope for free sample. MANHATTAN K.
M. CO., 101 Beekman st . New York.
1 WANTED— nursegirl to assist In care of
younp children; city references required. Ap-
ply Thursday morning at ISI4 Gough st.
WOMAN wanted for cooking and downstairs
work: family of 8; reference required; $25.
2617 Laguna st.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts.
YOUNG ctrl or middle-age.l woman to take
care of 3 children and light housework. 4
Twelfth st.
WAIST and skirt hands;' also apprentice. 231
Post St., room 4. ,
NEAT girl . for light housework; wages $10.
2777 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL to assist with light housework: good
home. Call 4034 Seventeenth st., near Castro.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework. Call
at 1012 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and plain
cooking; $12. 2211 Devtsadero st.
YOUNG girl for light housework^ 1413 Scott
street.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work;
good wages; also (joed finisher. 96.". Mission st.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. Call 1831 Eddy st
GIRL for general housework; no cooking; 2 In
family. Apply between 9 and 12. 1811 Green.
GIRL for general housework. 2208 Powell st.
NEAT respectable girl to do plain housework.
16 Turk st.
WANTED— Waitress for restaurant; $20 per
month. CSO Fourth st.
GIRL to assist at light housework; sleep at
home. 432 Eddy st.
: WANTED— GirI 14 or 16 years old to care for
baby 1 year old. Call at 300 Hayes st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCES. 75« Sutler si.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
sleep home Btl I.irkln. • •
AN experienced apprentice on custom coats.
M 7 Market St.. room 411.
YOUNG girl as second nurse to help take care
of chlldien. 1562 Post St., near Octavla.
GIRL for reneral housework; must be a good
cook. 2C04 California st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to do light house-
keeping In small family. Apply at once at 881
Oak st
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 533 Na-
toma st. ■■":'.
WANTED— Young girl to work at dressmaking;
also an apprentice. Address Mis'* Devlsadero.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats. 304
Tehama st. . .
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls, paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Oough and Grove sta.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
cklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
| LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn thts very profitable busi-
ness: halrdressing taught In four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co 130* Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subcrlptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. open until 8 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
— northw«st corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WAXTED— MALE^
C. R. HANBEN A CO ......... 104 GEARY ST. I
Teamsters for the Coast Road: free fare.
Butcher, country shop, $35. see party here;
«hanipoof-r for Turkish bath, country. $40; |
cook, country restaurant, $60; cake baker.
$40; second cook, $35; waiter, country hotel,
$30. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY A READY. ....... PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.:
7 cooks, hotels, ranches, saloons
$C 5 to $30 and found
C waiters 15... $30, $25 and $20 and found
Young man for grocery $15 and found
Bartender, small, good country hotel. {3o and M i
Polisher, steam laundry, country $40 1
6 drillers, city steady Job $60 ;
3 miners, single hand, far* $2 60.. $60;
10 laborers, city. steady Job $30 and found I
45 woodchoppers $2 60, $2 and $1 cord
10 farmhands and choremen and boys
$26. $20 and found..
Gardener and farmer $25 and found
7 pruners. orchards and vineyards. ..s26 and fd
MURRAY A READY.
634 and 836 Clay st.
COOK for co.fee and chop house $60. MURRAY
A READY. 634 and C 36 Clay st.
WANTED— fcr milk wagon on commis-
sion; blacksmith and shoer. $75; 2 farmers for
nice place, J2r>; stableman for country, $30:
taker. $45 to $60; cooks, waiters and others. J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. 6C« Sacramento st.
WANTED-! first-claEs cabinet mnkers and 2
plain builder* for short distance In the coun-
'■• J. F. : 'SETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED- Vegetable gardener for ranch.
steady place at $25 per month and board;
farmers, milkers, cooks, waiter*, dishwashers
and other*. W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts;
assist in 'light work: will pay $1« per week;
small capital required. 1016 Market, room 10.
BARBERS— buys good I-chalr shop: rent
$10. sickness; trial allowed. BERNARD, 104
Seventh St.
MAN and wife wanted: no children: rent free
1232 Valencia st ; call after 6 p. m.
WANTED— Experienced tinsmith on sheetlron
■ work. 67 Fourth st.
JEWELRY salesman wanted; state references.
Box 520. Call.
BARBER wanted Wednesday from 12 a. m and
.Saturday and Sunday. ISO»Vi Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery st . room 1. second floor.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker. THOS. E. KENT.
121 Post st . third floor. '
WANTED— A good coat pressman and also
good tailor. 135 K«*» -— - —
HELP WASTED MALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
this (Wednesday) evening, at 6 o'clock.
GOOD restaurant waiter. 113 O'Farrell at.
NT^ r ir A >' oun * roan to work in . kitchen;
*.■■ 1- Kddjp sj
V 1 ■: .< TM A X E II or coatmaker can have nice shop
room cheap. 104 Kearny «t.. tailor shop.
WAITER wanted. IT and If Powell st.
G S OD c ., l ?f rber wan ted; steady Job to right man.
liti Kills *t.
BTEADY barber. 116 Pacific st.
ONLY ™ e al *uthorlxed employment office on
• «' . Paclflc Coast— BARBERS' HOME. 1205
Market «t.. cor. Eighth. Barbers' bosses sup-
plied with first-class help; charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transporta-
tion of men; send stamp for reply; barber
■hop* for sale. WM. HABERECHT. Mgr.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J HEINZ
Employment SeCy.. 630 Market, downstair*!
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 111.
GOOD coatmnkers to work Inside; steady work
and good pay. 71S Market st.
l^R^.^l Kent; first-class negative retoucher.
DAMES * CO.. 1116 Washington. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale; very cheap; lie shop;
good reason for selling: cash or part cash
Particular* of Q. TROST. 1532 Mason st.
BARBERS-Good-paylng 2-chalr shop: country
town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis st.
YOUNG man who understands emitting meat
and deliver and do general work; references
required. J. B. BAXTER, cor. Pan Pablo
aye. and Thirty-ninth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know j
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at j 150 large
rooms; He per night: SI to $2 per week.
BARBERS— HoteI shop for sale; a barzaln
DECKELMAX BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— 100 men to try our 15c breakfast I
dinner or supper; beat In city. 406 McAllister!
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 9
F. BAKBEU COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
1100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green «hands and ordinary seamen ,
» at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. '
MEN wanted to learn barbr«- trade: only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary ;
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special j
Inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'B BARBER '
.COLLEGE. 686 Clay st. The only Institution '
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
■teach the art.
PENSIONS— J.. H. SHEPARD £ CO.. attor- i
— neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; Jsc to
EOc. r.62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2J sts.
100 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. ltc and 2fto
per night. Llndell. «th and Howard;, read. rm.
TRY Actr.e House. 917 Market et.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar- I
k»t; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free j
bus nnd baggage to and from the' ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
received at Call branch office. 2200 Plllmore st. |
A BRANCH office for the reception of "adver- I
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened ',
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH' flee for Call advertisements and J
subscriptions has been established at the i
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- I
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- !
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
AUCTION sale of horse* in Oakland, cor.
Eighth and Harrison sts.. Thursday. Deo.
14, at 11 a. m. 30 head, weighing from 1000
to 1600: stock can be seen at place Tuesday
and Wednesday: dissolving partnership: all
horses must be sold to highest bidder ■
CATEN & OLIVER.
FOR sal*»- 5-year-old horse of 1150 lbs. at 2355
Mission st. j
SO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at lG2i i
and 1625 Market St.. t>«twe*n Twelfth an 1
Brady: also some fine matched black teams. '
40 HORSES for rale; also wagon, burgles. !
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
277 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
EULLIVAV 4 DOYLE. Auctioneers. ,
WORK horse. $»0; Norfolk brood mare, wagon. |
?30. V.< City Hall aye.. opp. Leavenworth.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
IN our lodging house department:
A new, vacant downtown 46-room house.
JJSO— II rnome; near Phelan building.
$660 — rooms; Geary and Manon.
JltC 1—221 — 22 rooms: on Union Square.
MONEY TO LOAN
INSURANCE CUT
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market St.
R. H. WINSTON & CO 1026 MARKET ST.
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE.
20 rooms, rent $40. only $150
21 rooms, rent $40. only woo
48 rooms, Mod location, only $750 ]
67 rooms, finest corner in city $koo !
$1 rooms, cheap rent, a snap... $2&00
M-ROOII house; Kearny st 51050
24-room house: Sixth, near Market ..!!..'.! gSO
39-room house; Fourth st 1400
Loan money on furniture. li* per ct. monthly
$500 and more. German-American. 34 Kearny'
$100-FURNITURE of 7 rooms. "
$275—9 rooms; hard-wood furniture.
$1100—24 rooms; all rented: north Market.
Central: always pays. HUNSAKER. 4 Eddy.
TO buy or; sell your furnished houses, see HA-
SILK, 3 Eddy; 200 bargains: 8 to ICO rooms;
title guaranteed: money loaned on furniture, j
LODGING-HOUSE: 1425; on account of depart-
ure: 20 tunny rooms; well furnished: all !
rented; -■■■ $50. Apply place, M Broadway.
TO buy or sell a house or to furnish your house
new on the Installment plan, call at room 422
Parmtt building. j
TO buy or sell your furnished houses, see BA-
81 LE. 3 Eddy: 200 bargains: 8 to 100 rooms;
title guaranteed; money loaned on furniture.
63 ROOMS, elegantly furnished, near Leaven-
worth St.: price. $3800. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
26 ROOMS, furnished: building on 24 more:
O»ary st. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Hit; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN at CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK A CO.
HOUSE. I FLATS.
1705 Mason. 4 r $10 132 Scott. 6 r $17 50 i
25 Lily aye.. I r.. 15 1718 Mason. 5 r.... 20 00 |
279 Jessie. 8 r 25 675 Geary. 4 r ... 900
D 42 Howard. 6 r... IS 418 Fulton. 3 r.... 900
110 Natoma. 8 r... IS 231 Shipley, 3 r... 500
ALABAMA, IM4. near 27th— House, 5 rooms:
nice yard; rent $7 110; cozy. Owner 916 Bush.
■BAM A, Sunny near 27th- rooms rooms:
> yonl; rent $7 JO; coxy. Owner 916 Bush.
X, 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath:
yard; rent $37 50; water free.
DEVISADERO. 621. corner Hayes— ••:■>•>. I
rooms ami bath: $65 rent.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. watches. sliver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, is Grant »t. |
LOST AND FOUND.
$s— LOST— Knight Templar emblem, engraved
Win. J. Llndow. Napa: going from steamer
Zlnfandol to Callfornla-st. cars. Leave at I
P. VAN WINKLE'S. 413 Market st.
LOST— GoId spectacle cane marked Trlckey, Lin
coin. Neb. Reward at hiding's. 1125 FUlmore.
BRIDGE medal, engraved Alfred W. Stokes. !
Return to 422 Lyon St.; reward.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, about 4 or 5 o'clock,
on Twenty-first St.. a white spitz dog. nine
months old. Finder please return to 2704
Twenty-first st. and receive reward.
STRAYED away from Piedmont— Small gray
donkey; male. Return to A Mon Chateau
Pleasant Valley: suitable reward.
• MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients -In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: 'best care-
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion, free. 942 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5. 7to 8. . , 7^
D . -..°-. w " !>• iNNizLL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable- has prac-
ticed in 8. F. for years; treated thousand*
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 10234 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye. . 1382 Market*
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $s; warranted; IS years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy at., near Mason.
PRIVATE home for patient* In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hours— lo to 12. ito 4 and '
7to I . r -'.-.' . ,r «
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
• call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure S3; consultation free. 311 Kearny at'
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care: nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladle*. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2731; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
' MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar- '
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor, guaranteed
treatment at office. $5: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market st.; hours. 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; at residence, 228 Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment, $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111$ Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all die-
eases of the human body. J 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MIXING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. (tb
floor. Mills building. B. F. : tel; Main 344.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. M-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, . snowcas**, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
■t.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A RARE chance: Just forfeited: 2 14-karat gold
stemwindlng American watches; price I2S
each; originally cost $65; money back If not
as represented. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
ANOTHER fine latest style sealskin Jacket,
worth 1200. for $110. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
THOROUGHBRED pug dogs for sale. MRS.
HEPPENOER. 34 Morris aye.. between Har-
rison and Bryant Bts.
25 HORSE-POWER engine and boiler for *«le.
316 Railroad aye.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store.2
m Market st.. In the History building. ■
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any (
other stor«- in the block, his name being in
full over th« ft. (CHARLES LYONS).
FIRST-CLASS fixture*: suitable for grocery or
ahoestore; cheap. T. 1 .-: Valencia st.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sate cheap
42 Main st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lath**.
Iron A wood; »d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
ONE H. Ii Smith 4-sided sticker; I flno«l'I A
waters planer and matcher. 24x6 1 air com-
pressor: 1 band saw; 5 locomotive*; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75. Pop-
It Price Hatter?. 330 Kearny it. nr. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; I drawers;
oak; complete, cheap. 1915 Mission, nr 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullard A Breck. 131 Pent it.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
■pad* chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th« '
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 1 F.. < al
FRESH snowball- Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. 8. H.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome »t. . tel Main MS«:
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100. concert records 0 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Franc! sco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Keamy *t
CLOSING out of 200 new and 2d-hand heafrs
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. 12 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, in Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on BORENSEN
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st . below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
bollerw and engines. H. S. White. 116 Mission'
BUYS, sells. rents gear machinery boilers,
water pip*: new. M hand. Whltelaw. 216 Spear.
DR. CRKELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drur-
irlM». or Dog Hospital. 51" Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New an: second hand. THE RER-
MANV SAFE Pp.. 417- «?1 Fnmmento st. I
M I SCK I.I.A.VKOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Morning paper route: about 300 sub- j
ncrlberH. Address A. P.. 515 1 - Perry st.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: 122 p*r ounce i
for gold In It. 32« Bush st.. 3d floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
WANTED— To hire ICO first-lass scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. U.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresse* bought i
and sold. ,T. Sllverman. W4 Folsom. nr. 6th. ,
MOXEV TO LOAJf.
ANY proposition; any amount: < per cent; first,
eecend mortgage*, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. O. E. |
OLSKN. room IC. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or piano* la 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re- '
moval; no commission; no delays. J. NOON- !
AN. ICI7 to 1023 Mission at., above Sixth; ;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me: 13
to I100.0CO; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice |
and money furnished P. A. I Man. 636 Markt. I
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages an<> legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
n-here. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond*. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry More. (44 Market
St.; tat Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price* fcr old gold, silver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
piano*: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bide.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick ''
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6$ and 6>. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny, room >. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rate*; take elevator: tel. Davis 995.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st. '
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indoor. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$3000 TO loan on furniture and plane* at 2 b*7 I
cent. WINSTON ACO 1026 Market st I
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser
a - F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and Id mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 113 Montgomery.'
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. «3rt Market st
MUSICAL IVHTItI >u;> i .
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium . and low-priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Ste!n»ay
within three years and have full purchase ;
price allowed. We are selling new upright
Pianos for $6 per month, and some good
R an 5 s for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stefnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Suiter st*.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olden and largest house"
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S. ;
26 it and 30 O Fnrrell st.: pianos, organs anl
all other musical Instruments of all grades ;
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -•
K^J? F ; P}" 10 ": n " w " cale: new style*. KOU. '
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A v. I) KER baby upright Is a fine thing for a
holiday gift. Bee them at MAUVAIS'. 7&> •
Market st.
DECKER pianos and Packard piano* and or- I
gans are sold only at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
OLTMPIA music boxes are 'sold very cheap for
cash or on Installments at MAUVAIS'. 760
Market at,
ALL make* for a short time only.
*V *«. M. KW. $♦ per month.
2 Chlckerlngs, 2 btelnways. 1 Vose A Sons snd
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade piano*: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage. I
closing out lot of uprights $60 up: open even-
Ings. WILSONS STORAGE. 1710 Market.
A SPLENDID opportunity to secure a beautl-
_ ful upright at a snap. Rm. 12. Flood bldg
ELEGANT Btelnway upright sacrificed for
cash. Room 10. Flcod building.
$160— ELEGANT upright, stool and cover: coat
$350; for sale on $^ Installments. 1115 Post.
A— ELEGANT Estey upright for sale slightly
used; magnificent tone. 203H Qough st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Bcott-Ciirtax Piano Co . 1M Hayes st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market^t.
SOHMER. Byron Mnuxy and other pianos. 308
Port St.: open evenings.
WANTED— 2 square piano*. BYRON MAUZY.
V'% Post st. | ,
FINK Fischer A Stetnway upright: aarrlflecd.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary it.
MUSICAL I.VSTRUMESTf .
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other *tandar<l
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sale*.
W. C. HAMILTON. 224 Post st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento it., agent far
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
, HORNUNG'B. 2l« McAllister st.
BARGAIN-Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. Is
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. .2 Latham place
OFFICES A.\D STOUES— TO LET.
422 PARROTT bulldln*. furnished or un-
_ furnished; reasonable.
TO-LET-Stcre.; 223 Sixth St.; with bakers oven;
suitable for a bakery. Key at 225 Sixth «'
I'\l Mis . ~~~
ARLENI. disciple of Cherlro. scientific palmist.
The Norwood. 611 Taylor at.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.'
i POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper:
superior to all and lower In price; sample
dox. :•■■<■. mailed. cc a | Camera Co.. 23 Geary
l't;U»O.>.lLS.
WANTED— acquaintance of a ladr with
means; object, matrimony; must be prepared
to leave town at once. Box 51S. Call office.
M. J. -All comes to he who waits. D.
MINERS going to Cape Nome call and see
gold saving sluice box at KM Fifteenth at.,
cor Guerrero.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca ts the one thing that
will give your hair a fin* gloss: 35c Dot. Sold
by LEDEREIt. 113 Stockton st.
HAITI and scalp remedies claiming to cure all
Ills are fakes: if humbugged vend stamps; In-
formation saves dollars. DR. KUESTER.
specialist. Narrow Gauge depot; gray hair
restored In 3 days.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
: carpets, old gold: send for him. UA Kearny.
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LED
KRER. an artist In halrdrerjilng 23c; doll's
wigs made to ord»r; F<-am<> Shampoo. 4c pkg
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct beautiful
map; your soldier boy wants It for Xma«
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of 11. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. 6CS. 937 Mar-
ket >t.. S. F.. Cal. .agent* wanted everywhere.
JOHN L. BOONK. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler St.. Law, a Specialty.
fc'an Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Hend for circular. 1 Patents Solicited.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LE.MO9. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Ith.
ELECTRIC light* In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st near Market: M room*:
Sic to tl M per night; II SO to 16 per week;
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
(000 CHRISTMAS trees; sizes and prices to suit
all; delivered; order early.' California Christ-
mas Tree Co.. Ml Sacramento; tel. Main 1299.
PERSONS de«lrlng to invest In Nona* mining
properties or lots should address box 1473.
Call office.
DOLL wigs mad* of human hair at La Verlte
parlors. 1148 Market st.; telephone Folsota 44*.
LEADINO theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
lldted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and brlc-a-
brae. IT. MARKS. 30* Third st. : send postal.
PAINTING md paperhangine;; rooms papered.
$; SO up JKNPr,.. A BATH. 3CS Sixth >t. ,
HIRST . CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp, 6 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— N#w Invention for china d»c-
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sans.m- st.
LACHMAN A CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny si
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. U7 Third st.
WANTED— OId rrt| for manuf'g O. NOLTK
Jeweler. Zi% Q'FarreH. b»f Powell an* Mmnn
REAL BITATE — « il\ — Foil BALK
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
$iO.OOO-On Ellis st. few blocks from MarV-t;
3 frontage*, large apartment house;
new and modern; rents $303 50 monthly.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE SITE.
$31,000 — vara corner on north side: beat black
heights; uninterrupted marine view
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$16.000— Rents 11350 per annum: 3 new flats nn
northeast corner; on Fell st . opposite
Park Panhandle; 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 31:3xfJ7:6 feet.
$7.ooo— Cash: pay* 12 par cent; balance bank
' mortgage; on Kills st . near Laguna;
1 elegant modern flats. 10. 9. * rooms
and bath; lot 25x120 to a rear street.
$3,000— balance $5000 can remain, bank
mortgage. 2 elegant new modern flats.
7 and 10 rooms and bath; un McAllister
St.. near Pierce.
RESIDENCES EAST LEAVENWORTII ST.
$7.Coo— On Bush St.. near Jones; large resi-
dence 11 rooms; rents low*. $42 JO month-
ly, lot 25x100 feet.
$6,600— 0n O'Farrell St.. near Jones: house 7
rooms and bath, lot 23:11x0:10 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$5,250— New modern residence, 6 room* and
bath: Laguna St.. near O'Farrell: lot
25x100 feet.
Southwest corner on Hay** St.; c'e»«
In; lot 37:6x62 6.
PAYS 13 PER CENT.
$2.400— balance bank ny rt gag* can re-
main; 4 flats 4 and I rooms, on lot Us
IS feet; on Harrison st., near Fourth.
SOUTH OF MARKET LOTS.
$3.ooo— North aid* Tehama St.. near Fourth;
■am
$2,ooo— North side Minna st., near Seventh: 23
«75 feet; half block from new po*tofflc*
IF IMPROVED WITH FLATS WOULD PAT
■% 15 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
BUILDERS' CHANCE. &~
$7.Mo— Large building lot. 137:6x1 J7:«. S. E.
. • corner on Hyde st. ; cars pass; $4500 can
remain mortgage, will sell In lots; un-
interrupted marine view.
$375 Each $450 bank mortgage can remain;
at th* Intersection of the boulevard to
the Cliff House and the boulevard from
the Presidio to Golden Gate Park: two-
thirds price asked for any lot adjoin-
ing or In the neighborhood; lots lixl.'O
feet.
A HOME FOR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS.
$100 Down; move In: balance same a* rent;
new S rooms an<; Lath: 2-story porcelain
tubs, tile mantel*, dome ceilings, etc.;
grand view; block from car*.
EASTON. KM PC A CO..
633 Market st,
A M. SPECK A CO.. gT> OPP. KEARNY.
«7 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY
$i20.n00.
Downtown business corner, 137:6x137:(; store*
and lodging bouses above; rents |SOOO annually.
I' 0 0 . 0*"
Ellls-st. corner: 6P&127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
» mm
Stores and flats, modern: rents about $3400
yearly; lot £ox6o feet: 2 frontages; cost $50,000.
$27,500.
Near Eddy in 1 Jones sts.: store and 26 rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$25,000.
Geary St.. near Taylor; COxSO feet; no better
buy downtown.
$21,000. ■
Mission St.. near Third: It 40xS2; best bar-
gain on Mission st. to-day.
$12,500.
Close to Market and Taylor st* . stores and
flats; 5" feet front; rents about $100.
132C0.
Corner near Market st : rents $1120 yearly;
store and flats; nearly new. - . .„-
rrjoo. . ••"-'
Three new flats; vicinity Powell ana Bush
•ts. : rents $78.
$«00.
Post st.: $ good flats: rents $60: lot 27x110 feet.
$30081
Lot 100x100 feet and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt Mission. <
lUOO.
Near Powell and Clay sts.: 1 flats: rents in
A. M. SPECK A CO.. Market St.
PARK LOTS. SUNSET HEIGHTS.
Block facing Golden Gat» Park, i>etwr -, h
and I street*. Eleventh and Twelfth ayes.
Already ten houses built on this block.
$•00 AND UPWARD.
One quarter cash, balance monthly. "
„ w A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
26 Montgomery St., room 11. Bran office 1215
Ninth nve
FOR Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms-
latest Improvements. Noe and Hill *ts • near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
FOR sale cheap— 3 2-story houses. In good eon.
POHLKER. ** •*• "* r »<>'««■ MM
rUnLKER.
•MEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
10^ CHOIC-n corner: Point Loboa"Vve^
t2i**>-i.SxM<: |«ojnt Lobos jv».. near CM
SS^^JH' }'i tlM LotHls aw - war Mawnlc.
1 — u.ixlOii; Plymouth aye., or.r. Ocean View
».*«— 2sxloo; \\ . side Texns near N^a.
lI. S. c,"M Sl2.'A~Muf>t K-i thin week; IiOOOO S
fronts; corner M aw. tw.uth and 1C H south
<~ HAH. C. FIFHER. CI Mark*! *t.
FOR rale or lea**— Lot on Oeary st., between
Mr-rkton m.i Powell. 27:€x137:«. Address
6 CIIAS. H. OHM. BchellvtUe. Ponoma Co.. Cal
li«:"j-i!OPKHN" 1.-rootn cottage on bltumlniied
ttreet; let lUIJ3; al»-i a large 7-room hou>«
en Pierce *t.. near Hai.ht . bout** built to
•ult purchaser: eary terms. li.cutr* on pre».
•.»e«. F. NELSON, builder.
IF you have lot* north of Golden Oat* Park.
»c»« iT First aye.. an<] you «lih to sell them.
rhll m \V. J <-,rsN 419 v, • tc-nery it.
Ilk M ESTATE COUXTIIY — I or Bali
HOMESTEAD. 1500. Sonoma Co.: improved:
fine proj>erty: stock; location: 60 acres open
land, LSI California it..- room 1. ■
ROOMS I oil riOl M.K1.1.1'1N(..
A BRANCH office let the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
■t XTZZ Polk rt.: open until * p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r«>cel\e4 at Call branch office. KOO Flllmore rt.
FIFTH. tSS— ! connecting furm*fce<i Im>uii>«w-
tnc room*. 113; also slncle : m>.. $&. If and 17.
GF.AItY. EU— Nice runny sulten for houtkrg.:
otber rooms; nine, water; baths; t'hona.
O'LHES OATE aye.. CJl— NMce nur.ny unfur-
rlshM rooms; very reasonable; one tront bay-
mindow rrw>m. t" r-0.
GT'KlinEnO. M— Furnished housekeeping
morns.
HAURIPON. 711-Front and bark parlor* fur-
nished complete for hcu*ckee;ilng ; large
yard; rent 111.
HOWARD. 704. corner Third-Flnely furnlKhed
sunny n«om»; flr*t floor; aluo houi^keeplnK-
HOWAßD. 634— Sunny eulte complete hous«-
keeplni;. flip. runny p^rlora. i- week.
i-EWIS. IS. oft Taylor, near Pott— Newly fur-
nished he<lroorn and kitchen; stove: SIS.
MISSION. CM. nr. Third— l sunny front, newly
furnl»hed room vltb stove; rent 17: also 1. IS.
OTARUELU SSS— Two nicely furnlthed rooms
for housekeeplnc; also elngle roora.
lOWEUU riO-Nicely farnlsheil ba^rk parlor.
with foldlr.K b»d.
TEHAMA. 44— Two hounckeoplr.K room*.
TWELFTH. ISO, bet. Mission and Howard-!
larr* bousekerplns: rooms, with ksj "' • -
tToo.ooo TO loanonaiamondt.waUhes.Kllver.seal-
rklns. pianos, runs. I'ncle Harrls.lS Grant »v
A BRANCH cffte« for Call advertisements and
rub*>crlrtlcns has been «-i<tdt.li»hi-J at 10M Va-
lencta st. '
A PRANCII office for Call adwrtinements and
fubscrtptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky rt». Qp>n till » p. m.
ROOMS TO l.»:i — Inn »ad lull"
A-BRIN>'VI"K H BE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
»<• to II per niitht; 11 3 to IS per week, and
l'.Rfct housekeeping; c;>en all nlxh^
AT H"tel Francisco. Turk and Taylor Ms.—
Homelike house; modern /ervlce; elevator:
bath; rooms tOe to II M flay. MRS. J. KING.
ISCHEMIA. Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cf*r. tunny suites for rentlemen and families;
spec rates tourists; elevator; all convenience.
Bt'RNETT. 14C6 Market at. (old No. 13C«)-Fur-
nifshed rmi.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
lil'SH. 716. nrar Ma»on— Fum^hrd rooms for
rer.tlerrion; W and 17 x^or month; private.
CALIFORNIA. 1404— Neatly furnished sunay
rocms; ift-ntlemen preferred.
CARR^LTON. 12f* Market, cor. Golden Oats
aye. corner; well turn; rms. <% offices.
CI-AFSIFXED advertisements and rubFcrlptlona
rrcclvtd n\ Call branch office. ZXiQ Flllmor* st.
ELI-IP. riS-Lance sunny room; suitable for :
F rntlc nrn : everythlnj; n^w.
FIFTH. U"7— Pleasant aunny unfurnlsht^ rooms
to let. ■
FiM'RTlt. rr:«4- Nicely furr.lshed sunny bay-
windsw ar.d slncle room*: reasonable: quiet.
rVTINIPHED rooms from II a week up by a
•lr.cle woman 17 Vtrona st.
GEART. 4CS <The Navarre)- El<-pant!y furnlnh-
ed rooms, en suite or slnxle. MRS. H. HYEK.
GEARV. 774— Large sunny suite of rooms; pri-
vate family: nicely furnished.
OIHARD Heus*. 152 Seventh-Sur.ny furnished
r .■«*ns; day or w«-ek; reasonable. j
UIUHP P<iL'TJJCnN. Southeast cnr. Seventh
ar.4 MlKhir.n *ts.-Funny ro..m». en suite or
tlr.fle; ladles" parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217, cpp. Samuels* lac« house— En
rutte cr ■Ingle; very reasonable.
HAIOHT. IWV-Newly furn!»hed sunny roon-.i.
lIAN<X>CK Hou*e. 7KI Mission— P*lect family
rocraln< house; II SO to t>> per week. ■ -
HOWARD. 715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HYDE. tß— Newly furnished front parlor, sun-
: > a.nd central; other rooms; borne comforta.
I*ARKIN. «H— Sunny front room; neatly fur-
nished; one or two persons: M
I..EAV EN WORTH. 40. ticar Ellls-To let ; Gne
»enny and houß^ke^plnc rwmi.
VASuX. !U4— Nicely furnished sunny room*:
rearcsaUe: QUlet and ..•-.lke.
JIrAI.LISTER. 1054— Larire furnished room:
larif closet: ras; bet and cold water: rent It,
MINNA. «a. corner ElKhth— Newly furnished
t»y- window room, tl per week; trmntleat.
NITIV Ariinctcrt. 101S Market— Nicely furnlfhed:
Be day up: X week up: transient.
JCINTH. S3. nr. Market— Front bay-window,
I able for *. rrate. gas: 110 single, $4.
<'AX lit— Sunny suite of rooms: raa. bath;
newly furnished; pentlemen preferred.
OCTAVIA, 1401. corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay window; double bed; one 119; two tit.
CVFARRELL, W— funny furnished rooms and
cf flees: elevator; electric liKhtt; flay, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. M4— Bunny suite; latest lmpro%*e-
ment»; centlrmen only; also elnsle rooms.
OFARKEIJ.. Il»^Nieely furnished front
rooms; suitable for 1 or 2 (•ntlemen; rent rra-
ponable.
PERRY. 14— 5lnrl» furnished front room to let.
ROTA! House. 12* Ellis rt.— lncandescent Hicht.
reading -room, mucking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlKht. S.V to II W; week, C to
Jl.J 1 . month, IK to ISO; eleTator en of See floor;
room* with hot. cold water; baths.
(•'HERMAN Apartment Hous*. ft ElKhth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
fI'TTER. 705— Office of late Dr. Robertson; also
ctber runny, handsome rooms.
TENTH 121. near Market— Laree sunny front
room*.' grate and closet; also nrr.aJ! room* and
kitchen.
Tin Oaks 11» Third— A pood rooming house
for r .1 people. R. HVGHES. Proprietor.
TWELFTH. IC— Two nio* Bunny rooma; pri-
vate family.
TWO larme rooms In rear of 711 Natoma st.,
bet. Eichtn and Ninth; rent W.
VALENCIA. 1157— I or 1 newly furnished house-
kceplr.K rooms: rma ctovc and use of bath;
rent reasonable.
VAN~NEFB aye.. * -ffle— jtly and newly fur-
nished sunny bay- window roomt; no children.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
et 12a Polk tit: open till » p. m.
A IIRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubxertptions baa been esUblished at 10>€ Va-
lencia *t ;
A BRANCH office for rail advertisements and
i'u»i>-crlptlons has been «-*tabllshed at th«
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky us. Or«n till » P. m.
ROOMS xv un in
WANTETV-6-room Cat. furnished or unfurnish-
ed : must »x> sunny: n\c* loeattoa: north. .of
VfirKiT. walking distance to bu.-i.Trs center;
adults. JUtx Hi. Call office.
SPKCIAL. NOTICES.
Rr»OMS papered from H: whitened. II up;
I'Mntlns done. Hartmaii Paint Co.. !U Third.
HAD tenants elected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
411 Mentmmery st.. rooms »-10; tel iT.JO
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. If pares, rent to «ny address tn«the
Tnifd Ptatrs or <«:..:_ cne year for H,
• | _
► 1 KINO MACHI-VCS A»l> M I'l'l.lKv.
X MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold;
marhlne supplies. Hi SUth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. »- '. exchanrrd. rented; re.
pairing •• ■ trmat ':•■■ M Fourth st.
_^ b _ j _______________________________ i ____ w ___ — _____ - __ - __ — _ > __ b
ftTOUAGE AKU WAKKHOLSK-.
rIrUCE-ROIiOLI'H Btornce and Movlns Co.
Office 401 Post »t.. cor. Powell: lei. Main ITU
WATCH nEPAIKIXG. .
WATCHES cleaned TSc; iruaranteed 1 years.
Ttw noy Jewelry and O?tlcal Co.. MS Ka«njr._
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS \
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i ELEGANT t-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cat.; Just completed: porcelain
• bath; finished In natural wood; all modem
conveniences; runny frojuage; terms If de-
sired. M. L. VURTS. 17th & B'way. Oaklsnd.
I TWO flats— lo rooms: modern: near station: 1
minutes to University: price CSOO; easy terms.
FREESK X-.CODniNOTOX. Hrrkelcy Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FL'RMTUIIia FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you '■ m H. Shellhaa*. the
furniture dealer, ■•>- it.,l Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (25 cents per share) of the
Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
1 at the office of the company. No. 527 Mar-
ket st.. on and after Friday. Dec. 13. ISS9.
Transfer books will close on Tuesday. Dec
12, ISI'3, at 12 o'clock.
E. H. SHELPON. Secretary-
DIVIDEND No. 74 I?:, cents r>er share) of the
Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company will
be payable at the office of the company. 317
Market St.. en and aft« Wednesday. Dec.
20. ISS». _
Transfer books win close on Thursday. Dec.
12. 1599. at 12 o' clock m.
E. 11 SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. December IS. 187%—
Sealed rrotM«al». In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m.. January 13.
19(iO t and then opened, for construction of an
or-lnar.ee storehouse at Fort Point. Cal. Gov-
ernment rcser\e» the right to reject or accept
any cr all Lids In whole or In part. Prefer-
ence Riven to articles of. domestic production,
conditions' of prlc* and quality (Including In
the price, of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
given to -articles of American product! pro-
duced on the Pacific Ct«»t. to extt-nt of con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to un-
tlerfi»rn»"<l. Envelopes containing proposals
should be endorsed "Projioivals for Storehouse
«t Fort Point. .i 1.." and addressed by J. M.
Mak»>Hai.l. Deputy Quartermaster General.
Chief (J. M.
HI US wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13. 320 Sansome St..
Ban Francisco. Call, up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY. December 13, ISW. and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, fur furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
1 erans" Home. Napa C uatv Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Tountvllle). for nx months cnmmenclnf
January 1. V*>'. and ending June 30, 1500.
Schedules with information and Instruction!
for submitting bill* will be furnished upon
appilratlon hv the undersigned. Ridden will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and n<» bid will be considered unless It
is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
f.ed check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible hanking house for at least 10 ■ per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to C.
Masnn Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that th«
bidder will enter Into a goo.l and valid con-
tract UT>on notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Director* of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS. $y' Sansome it.. San Fran-
cloeo. Cal. By order of the Hoard of Dlrec-
tPrs.- ■ J. J. SCOVILI.E. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies.— 36 em
Montgomery *t:. San Franeiscn, »*al.. December
1L I*OT. Scaled proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m. .December
51. 1599. and then opened, for furnishing Hats.
Woolen Drawers, Shoes, Petroleum, and Wrap-
ping Paper. Naphthaline. Hatchets and Hatchet
Helves. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (tnclud-
I ing In the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon), and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the
consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right to
accept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Proposals fog delivery at other points
will be entertained. Information and blank
proposals furnished on application. Envelopes
will be lnrt«r»ed "Proposals for Military Sup-
plies. No. T!«e2." and addressed CAPTAIN OS-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster, U. S.
I Army. Perrfit Quartermaster.
LEGAL ADVEnTISEMEXTs!
IN the Buperierv Court of the City and Ccnnty
of San Francisco. State of California,— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
• corporation, upon Its application for a Judg-
ment <"-f dissolution. — Nctlce No. 70.421.
Notice is hereby riven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUOAn COMPANY, a corporation or-
ranlzed and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing its office and place of business In the city
and county of San Francisco, Stat<» of Call-
■ fornla. baa fil»d a verified application ad-
Aretted to Ibe Superlcr Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
•which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, ravins; for a Judg-
tret ■ of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22d. IS9». at 10 o'clock
a m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of San Francisco. have
been appointed is the day. time and place for
the hearing of said application.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my
hsnd and affixed the official seal of said Su-
rerlor Court, this 2<Mh day of November. ISJt.
I«eal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
Hy JOSEPH RIOHDAN. Deput» Clerk.
F.ndorsed: Filed November 20. ISW. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
DemitT CierV.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
■ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KIFPERT— In South San Francisco. December
11. m, to th» wife of C. F. Klspert. i son.
LOUIS— In this city. December 11. 183». to the
wife of William C. Louis, a son.
MARRIED.
' FEINBERG— ROSENFELD— In this city. De-
cember 15. ll**. by the Rev. H N. Schoen-
frld. Ram Felribore and Sarah Ro»enfeld,
both of San Francisco.-. .
LEVY— WALLACH-In this city. December 10.
IM(9 by the Rev. Dr. J. .Nieto. Simon Levy
and Bertha Wallach. both of San Francisco.
MOLDT— HANSEN-In this city. November 24.
' IMS by the 11- v O. Groensberg. ■ Jamb
E Mol.it of San Francisco and KJlen Hanseu
of Woodslde.
DIED.
Annerann. John >***■?• Alarjorle
Ilevell Margaret >l*cker. John F.
Uroderson (infants) Jennings. Julia
Urown. Charles A. Kane. Winifred
Clarke, T-hn C Klrchner. Henry O.
Coffin. Dora O* Sullivan. Mrs. M.
Dempsey. Jona I*felffer. John W.
Drewe*. Ida E. Reynolds. George T.
Ha*«tr><m. Anna. L- Hterrett. Samuel T.
ANNERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
December 11. IW>. John Anne>raon. a native
of Norway. a»red >« year*.
BEVELIv-ln this city. December 11. IW>9, Mar-
iraret Gloved wife of the late H. M. Bevell.
mi.,l mother of William T . K. M. and H. B.
Bevell Mrs O. D. Hunt. Mrs. 11. E. F.
■ Williams and Mrs. J. L. MeCorratck. a na-
| tive .if Limerick. Ireland, aged «7 years. ,
(CTTVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at •' l' o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mr« J. L. M '■■rniirk.
4H Wall»r street: thence to Sacred Heart
Church, comer Flllmore and Fell streeU.
' where a requiem mass will be held for the r«»-
po*e of her ncul. commencing at 9:SO o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
nitODEKSON— In this '"•'■■ December It. 1539,
Infant twins of George H. and Etta . Broder-
,on. natives of San Francisco.
nKOWN —In thU r!t>. r>ecember 11. 1«93.
Charles A.. beloved hunliand of Mary Brown,
a nutlve of ICarlshamn. Sweden, aged £S years
and 11 months.
/•frier.ili" and acquaintances are tegpect-
fum- Invited to attend the funeral this day
lj i. at I M o'clock, from hU .late
residence, 10 Stockton place, thence to St.
M»rv'e Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crow Cemeterj".
I .. ARKE— In Alameda, J^ecember 11. 1*99, John
*- V Clarke, a native •' Ottawa, Canada, aged
il years 1 month and 1 days. (Denver. Omaha
Ind Ottawa. Canada, papers plea*e copy.)
CTFrier." l " and inalntancen are respect-
fufiy invited to attend the funeral this day
Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from hall " Oak-
and UAzl No. 171. » and P. Q. of j:i kg .
Broadway. Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. <
■ VFMUERS of San Francl«vo Lodge No. 3. B.
I and I* O Elks, will attend the funeral of our
late brother. John E. Clarke ; as above By
nr^« r 1. r. HO% iN liX,
Attest: Acting Kxait^r Ruler.
HERMAN KOHN. Secretary.
IiINKV J. gallaghur co.,
rSuccesaors to Flannagan & Gall*?h«?)..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMOALMER3.
£0 Fifth it., opposite L ncoln riclwal.
# Teltj)hone Bcu-h SO. L___
lAIoAVOY dk CO.. I
I 1 FUNERAL PIReCTORa « EMBALMERS. I
, ■ ISC Market St.. between £th and »th. i !
, | . . ■> - /.-i, Telephone Bouth • 24T._^^JJ^ I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1899.
COFFIN- In . Dutch Flat. December 10. 1899.
Dora, beloved wife of I. T. Coffin. daughter
of Mrs. Jennie B. Williams of 1712 Eighth
Ftreet, Oakland, mother of George E. and
William G. Rlchlson. and sister of Mrs. C.
M. Hearing and Mrs George W. Sherow. a
native of Pennsylvania. aged *' years and 5
rmnths. *s. • ■ - ■ •
DEMPPEV— in South San Francisco. December
It IV'!\ John Dempeey, beloved husband of
the late Susan Demr.sey, and beloved father
of Thomas H. lN>mp*<ey. a native of County
Westm.-ath. Ireland, aged 87 years. (Boston
rape™ please copy.)
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Oantner & Guntr In-
dertnkln* Company. 8 and 10 City Hall
square.
DREWEB In thin city. December 12. 159?. " a
Kllpe Drewes. beloved daughter of Claus and
Mugar.-tha Drewes. and sister of Willie.
Jennie and Kmll DreWM, a native of San
Francisco, seed -6 year* and 3 months.
HAOKTROM-In this city. December 11. 1599,
Anna 1., beloved wife of Gustav HaKstrom.
and mother of i.« M.. Annie M. and Cart O.
HaKstrom. a native of Finland, axed 36 year*.
C- 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 400
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
HJII Cemetery.
HETZF.R— In this city. December 11. 1599. Mar-
Jorle Grace, dearly beloved and only daughter
• ( Henry A. and Bessie J. Hetier. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and
9 day*. .
Z.y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 2325 Bryant street, near Twenty-
first. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOECKER— In this city. December 11. IW9.
John F. Hoecker. beloved brother of Charles
H. Hoe<-ker, n. native of r,.-pt-munde. Ge-r-
m.iny. aged ■ yeani 3 months and 21 days.
C 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen A Co.. 22* McAllister street.
Irterm«nt Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
JENNINOS-In this city. December 12. 1899.
Julia, beloved wife of John -Jennlnrs. and
mother of Garetta. Tessle. Mac and Edward
Jennings, a native of County Oalway. Ire-
land, axed 39 yean 4 months and IE days.
KANE— In this city. Winifred, dearly beloved
daughter of Martin and Annie Kane, and be-
loved sister of I'atrick. John. Martin Jr.
William. Thomas, Annie and Margaret Kane
and Mr«. Torrer. a native of Connecticut,
aged 26 yearn 1 month and 8 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1402 Chestnut street, thence
to St. r.rljrid'H Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mars will be celebrated for the repose
of her p<"<ul. commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crops Cemetery-
KIRCHNER— In this city. December 12. 1599.
Henry O. J.. dearly beloved husband of
Minna Klrf-hner, and beloved father of M. n .
Mi L.. Henry G.. O<or— W. and J. W.
Klrchner. a native of Hamburg. Germany,
aged 52 years 10 months and 12 days. A
member of Veretn Elntracht.
Z.7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13« Perry street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to Vereln Klntra<-ht Hall. 237
Twelfth street, where funeral services will
be held it 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
OsriJ.IVAX-A solemn requiem mass wIU be
celebrated to-morrow (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness
avt-nue. for the repoM of the soul of the late
Mr« M. A. O'Sulllvan.
PKEIKFER-In this city. December 10. 1599.
John William Pfelffer (the old pioneer lock-
smith), husband of the late Marie Pfelffer.
lather of l*»uls William Pfelffer. Mrs. F. B.
Walton and the late <;,-,. -.- Pfelffer. and
prandTather of Mr«. F. Hrandt and Mrs. Rose
Wise, a native of Germany, aged SO years >
months and 23 days. ■ -- ' ■
C^Frlends are respectfully lnvlte-1 to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the late residence. 416
Vnllejo street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme- i
tery.
REYNOLDS—- In Fleet. Contra Costa County.
l>ncember •.:'. 1&99. Georse T.. beloved husband
of Sor>hy E. Reynolds, father of May and
John Reynold*, and son of the lat» John
Reynolds, a native of California, aged 40
years 7 months and 9 days. ■
N 'tlce of funeral hereafter.
BTERRBTT— In Alameda. December . 11. 1599.
Samuel T.. beloved husband of Blanche O.
—lit father of ft Belle and Grace H. s»ter-
rett. and brother of Thomas and the late John
Sterrett. a native of Illinois, aged "4 years 8
month* and 4 days
IT?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the First
M. B. Church. Central avenue, near Park
I »treet. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Grandest Holiday Display
Beautiful Boemian G>as *vare. Near-
est 'Pottery J*rd 'nitres, Terra Cctta Smoke
Sets, Bisque Ware.
. COME JUST TO LOOK
G tat American Importing Tea Co*
CHIN AWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE..
Bet. Sutter and Post Sts.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
Patents, Postofflce Appointments and
Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Dec.. 12.— Pacific Coast
patent.-; were granted to-day as follows:
California— John B. Archer. Oakland,
furnace; Edwin C. Chatham. San Fran
cisco, roller bearing; E. P. Couture, Gua
lala, assignor of two-thirds to G. Ray, ro
tary engine; Cary S. Cox. Fresno, ma
chine for stemming and cleaning raisins;
Gabriel Durnerin, Los Angeles, bearing;
K. If. Fraser. San Francisco, elevator;
Peter H. Jackson, San Francisco, water
proof sidewalk or roof construction: Isa
bel E. Mularkcy, San Francisco, device
for gaging and marking ladles' skirts;
M. D. Myor. San Francisco, track cross
ing protector; Andrew C. Miller, Corona,
perforator for printing presses; Raymond
A. Perry, Oakland, dredger; Joseph Pillor
1". rry. ( <;iklarnl. dn-dger; Joseph Pillor
get. San Francisco, target; Patrick M.
Renrdon. San Francisco, attachment for
rock drills; Gustavo H. Shubert, Lanort,
printing attachment for roll holders;
Thomas J. Sparks. Magnolia, assignor to.
F. M. Austin. San Francisco, pump;
George H. Wallls. San FraJicl6CO, elec
trical tree.
Oregon— Wesley H. Sterns, Portland,
signaling system and apparatus for elec
tric trolley railway.
• Washington— lsaac A. Palmer, Seattle,
ore separator and amalgamator; August
W. Lunberg, Inter Bay, horse-hitching
device; Samuel P. -Mackay. Rldgefleld,
weighing and measuring machine.
Representative Waters to-day Intro
duced a bill Increasing the salaries of
bailiffs and criers of the United States
Circuit and District courts from 12 to ii
per diem while they are In actual at
tendance.
E. S. Eaton was to-day appointed pout
master at Cnrlile, Fresno County, vice
Thomas Jensen, resigned.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
examinations ! for engineer of steam
launch In the quartermaster's depart
ment, for duty at San Diego, on Feb
ruary 1. Salary of position $90 per month.
Brook Edmonston has been appointed
substitute • r-carrler nt Pasadena.
Miss Genie A. Hunt of Pasadena has
been appointed teacher at the Phoenix
(Ariz.) Indian school.
Pensions for Callfornians: Original-
Robert Trewln, San Francisco, $S;
Francis James. Ran Diego, $S; David S.
Cummin". Soldiers' Home. Los .Angeles,
S6. Incrcnse^-Thomas Conlln. San Fran
cisco, Vi to $S. War with Spain (widow's)—
Hester li. Nolan, San Francisco, $17.
Washington: Original— James M. Nol-
Bon. Latah. $fi. Additional— Joseph N.
Locke. Momesano, $6 to IS.
TO FIX BOUNDARY LINE.
Great Britain and the United States
Name Representatives.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12. -The Govern
ment of Great Britain has designated F.
King, the Government astronomer at Ot
tawa, as the representative of her Maj
esty's Government In th* delimitation of
the provisional 1 boundary > line between
Alaska and Canada about the head of
Lynn Canal under the terms of the modus
Vivendi of October 20 la.«t. and the Gov
ernment of the United States, has desig
nated O. H. Tlttman, the 7 superintendent
of -the. Coast and Geodetic Survey to act
In a similar capacity for the Government
of the United States. • •
REVOLUTION CEUSHXD.
Cumana Occupied by Colombian Gov
ernment Troops.
CARACAS. Venezuela (via Haytlen ca
ble). Dec. 12. —1t In announced that the
Colr.inblan Government hast occupied Cu
mana. on the Rulf of Carlcao, and the rev
olution Is eakl to be crushed.
MORE SURGEONS
TO BE BROUGHT
INTO THE ARMY
Bill to Increase the
Medical Corps.
DRAWN BY GEN. STERNBERG
The headquarters of the medical corps
at Washlngti-n Is working on a bill to In
crease the force of surgeons in the army,
and a copy of the proposed measure has
been sent out to Colonel Forwood, chief
Medical officer of this department and to
several of the army surgeons on duty oat
here.
The bill provides for the appointment, of
four assistant surgeon generals of the
rank of colonel; ten deputy surgeon gen
erals with the rank of lieutenant colonel;
thirty surgeons with the rank of major,
and eighty assistant surgeons with tie
rank of first lieutenant, they to become
captains after live years' service. All
vacancies to be created by the bill to De
filled by the promotion of those now in
the service.
It Is In the method of providing for the
appointment of the new assistant sur
geons that the bill Is particularly inter
esting. It is provided that all candidates
for the position of assistant surgeon shall
first be appointed acting assistant sur
geons for a probationary period of six
months, during which time they will be
paid $100 a month. It is provided that
they shall attend the army medical school
attached to the army medical museum at
Washington, and the faculty shall report
upoti them. If the recommendation oe
favorable they will be commissioned as
sistant surgeons. the faculty shall repjrt
j them. If the recommendation M
irable they will be commissioned as
int surgeons.
The medical corps of the ' army 13 at
present composed of 132 regular ofllcers of
all rank, 4 ■'! contract surgeons, 45 volun
teer regimental surgeons and 22 volunteer
brigade Burgeons, a total of <&'.*. The army
has now a strength of close to a hundred
thousand nun, and It is clear that it will
never go (■..( to the' skeleton formation
of former times of peace oven should Con
gress not increase it. The force of sur
geons is barely sufficient now, and It is
more than probable, therefore, that Gen
eral Sternberg's bill will go through.
The tenor of the bill for the acting as
sistant suryeens is to give them the same
rights as volunteer medical officers who
hold commissions. At present they. get
the pay and some of the courtesies due
a first lieutenant, but that is all. If they
are sick and incapacitated a from wurk
they are not paid so long as they are oft
duty; if they are given leave they get
no pay until they return; they are not
entitled to commutation of .quarters,
which means that if there la no room for
them at a military poet they must find
quarters tor themselves and at their own
expense elsewhere. They are not entitled
to the mileage or travel pay of the com
missioned medical officer., and they are
not entitled to the one month's gratuity
paid those who served during the war In
this country nor the two months > paid
those who served outside the country.
What they want is to be commissioned as
the volunteer medical officer Is commis
sioned, to be discharged at th» pleasure
of the fJovernmuiU, but while In the
service to have all the rights and privi
leges of an officer and particularly of an
officer of the medical corps.
The Forty-eighth Infantry will git
away from Angel Island on the Grant
on December 2". The regiment is now
undergoing a thorough cleaning— a medi
cal cleaning— and to-morrow It will be re
leased from detention. Friday the men
will be paid and Saturday they will be
ready to leave-
It was at first an open question whether
the Grant would be sent north to load a
cargo of hay or over to Angel Island to
take on the Forty-eighth, but It seems
to have been di elded that, the men are
wanted more than the hay. If the Grant
should be pent after the hny the only
transport left would be the Sheridan, and
she will not be ready for the return trip
until the 24th. It has been decided not
to keep the regiment here that long, so
the Sheridan will take the hay and the
Grant will take the men.
A retiring board, consisting of Major
General Shafter, Colonel Alfred Ifosdecal
chief of ordnance: Lieutenant Colonel J.
B. Babcock, adjutant general; Colonel
"William H. Norwood; chief surgeon;
Major Gibson, surgeon, and Captain D.
J. Rmnbough of the Third Artillery, re
corder, met at headquarters yesterday to
examine Into the condition of Lieutenant
Colonel Edward Field of the Third Ar
tillery, formerly a major In the Second
Artillery and inspector of this depart
ment. Colonel Field's mind collapsed
some months ago. and since then he has
been In a private asylum.
Captain Edgar W. Howe of the Seven
teenth Infantry reported for duty at the
Presidio yesterday
DRAFT OF THE BILL
FOR A PACIFIC CABLE
WASHINGTON. Der. 12.-At the re
quest of Senator Halo, chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, the Secre
tary of the Navy has prepared the draft
of a bill providing for a Pacific cable to be
constructed under the supervision of the
Navy I>epartm. nt. In a Iteter on the suh-
Ject to Senator Hale Secretary Long
says the chief of the Iturcau of Equip
ment fftlmates the post of laying and
equipping the proposed cable at $1 " . ■
and places the first rear's probable cost of
maintenance at $9"".'»«>. in the bill the
round sum of UIjMO.MO Is named.
The draft submitted provides that the
cable t-hall run from San Francisco to
Honolulu, theme by way of the Midway
[stands and the Island of Guam, or by
whatever route may he deemed by the
Secretary of the Navy to be most practi
cable, to the titles of Iloilo and Manila. In
the Philippines. The bill transfers to the
Postmaster Qertgral the operation and
control of the cable on Its completion.
ASSAULTED AT NIGHT.
SANTA PRT'Z. Dec 12.— Sunday night
as P. Beck of "Watßonvllle* was on his
way home an unknown man commanded
him to halt and throw up his hands.
Beck stopped away, when the stranger
shot him and ran. The bullet lodged in
hla arm. He cannot describe his assailant
owing to darkness. A few months ago
Heck was stabbed by a stranger. It ia
evident his assailant Intended to murder
him.
SUGAR COMPANIES COMBINE.
DOVER. Del.. Dec. 12 —Preparations
were begun here to-nlgM for the incorpor
ation of the Colonial S^ar Refining Com
pany, capitalized at SI'jO.OOO.fKtO. I^arge
sugar making companies now outside the
American Sugar Refining Company are
concerned in this new Delaware corpora
tion. Its specific Object is to extend the
sugar industry in Hawaii, Porto Rico and
Cuba.
Information Missing.
1.08 ANCKI.KS. l>or. 12. -Charles Comp
ton's third trial tegajl t<>-t!ay i.:i the
charge of forgery^ In having appended the
name of E* O. Green to a deed of con
veyance to tho lot at the corner of Oak
and Washington streets. When the r.is.
was opened it developed that the "infor
mation" upon which Cotnpton is formally
charged bad disappeared from the file
It has cither been lout or stolen, and there
Ik a question whether he can he tried
without it. Judge Oster. however, com
mitted a copy of the information to be
substituted, and the selection of a Jury
was proceeded with.
— ♦
Vessel in Distress.
ASTORIA, Or.. Doc. 12.— A - telegram
from Ilwaco reports. a ship in distress off
North Beach. She is in the vicinity of the
Loomis place. The tug Wallulla has gone
to her assistance. The name of the vessel
is unknown, but It Is thought she flew the
German flag. She was going toward shore,
but. last reports indicate that with th*. fa
vorable wind which was then springing up
she- would bo able to sail out of danger.
Suisser Will Appeal.
SALINAS. Dec. 12.-The case of George
Buisser. who murdered Sheriff Farley
will be appealed. The prisoner's parents
mortgaged all their property to carry on
the caae i» the Superior Court and when
the assa-ssln was taken to San Quentin a
short time since It was thought no appeal
would be taken. Hit* brother and sister
this afternoon mortgaged all tbei r prop
erty to carry on the case.
COURT-MARTIAL
ON THE REVENUE
CUTTER RUSH
One of the Engineers
in Trouble.
GAMBLERS WANT HUMBOLDT
The. '.officers on the revenue cutter
Rush are not a happy family. For nearly
a year there has been more or less bad
feeling- between, those In the deck depart
ment and the men in' charge of the engine
room. . During the last cruise in Alaskan
waters' there were many differences of
opinion and when the Rush reached here
on September 28 from Dutch Harbor there
were rumors -of impending trouble. Noth
ing more was heard of the matter and
everybody in the revenue service thought
it had been settled.
It had only slumbered until the deck de
partment was ready to act. The result
13 that Second Assistant Engineer Hall is
now being tried by court-martial for
"conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman" and "refusing to obey the or
ders of his superior officer."
The charges are preferred by First
Lieutenant W. G. Dodge and as the evi
dence in the ease is quite voluminous the
trial will probably last a week. Captain
C. L. will probably aof the court and
L. Hooper is president of the. court ami
is determined to get at all the facts of
the case. It appears that the nrst lieuten
ant and second engineer were at logger
heads during the entire cruise in Bering
Sea and nearly every membr of the crew
is a witness in the case. Some of the
men favor one ofllcer and some the other;
so at the present time the revenue cutter
Rush is a ship divided against herself.
The last passenger steamer Humboldt
is already In demand for the Cape Nome
trade. Last reason she ran between beat
tie and Skaguay and was very successful,
owing to her speed and excellent accom
modations. Next season she may go
back into the HUM trade, but if certain
Seattle' parties can get her she will make
one trip to Nome. A large sum has been
offered for the vessel and the idea is to
send sixty men and twenty-live women
to the gold fields on her from Seattle.
Everything necessary to establish a small
colony in the heart of Nome will accom
pany the passengers. Among these will be
all kinds of gambling outnttt and the fur
niture for a "swell saloon.
•The Humboldt will only make the one
trip to Nome. As soon as she lands her
passengers she will return to the Sound
and resume her regular business. Max
Kallsh. agent of the steamer, admits; that
an offer has been made for the vessel, but
that everything else connected with the
matter is "In the air." The gamblers and
women want to be the first to reach Nome
in the spring and therein a difficulty
arises. No one wants to send a vessel
in before the ice Is gone, and as the
would-be charterers want the Humboldt
to take those chances, the whole scheme
may fail. At the present time the Hum
boldt is lying at the Howard street coal
bunkers, but goes, to Benicla to-day to be
cleaned and painted.
Tho Marine Engineers were few and far
botween on the front yesterday. Nearly
every man who could get away was pres
reen on the front yesterday. Nearly
y man who could get away was pre«
ent In the Masonic Temple at the funeral
of the late Oliver Van Duier. The de
ceased was for years chief engineer of the
steamer Columbia, but retired to private
life some time ago. He was a. favorite
with everybody in the profession and had
a host of friends among seafaring men.
The funeral was under the auspices of
Golden Gate Lodge, F. and a. m.
••Hill" Bendt of the Bowhead Saloon,
on the front, has n carrier pigeon "No. A
HO" in his possession, whose owner can
have it on application. Hill has a largo
number of the common kind of pigeon and
while he was feeding them yesterday the
carrier alighted on his shoulder. It seems
to be quite a pet and made no funs over
being caught and nut In a cage. It has
probably escaped from some pigeon fan
cier*,, loft. ' V •*. • ' ' •
The transport Grant Is to sail next Sun
day for Manila with the Forty-eighth In
fantry (colored). The regiment has been
In quarantine on Angel Island, but will be
released to-day. The Sheridan will go to
Seattle to load forage In the place of the
Orant. The Victoria, with a load of
hor^s. went In the stream last night and
will sail to-day, while the Flintshire, also
laden with horsed, will go Into th" stream
to-night and will will Thursday. The
Westminster will load mules and horses
on Friday and will probably get away
Saturday. ' * •
The battleship lowa and cruiser Phila
delphia will sail for Ran Diego to-day. On
their arrival they will probably find the
cruiser Marbleh«?ad there and then all
three vessels will mill for Magdalena Bay
for gun practice:...
The strike of longshoremen on the ship
Bohemia was settled yesterday.. The men
went back to work at the old wage.
EX-COLLECTOR SAUNDERS
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
TACOMA, Doc. 12— A Federal Grand
Jury has been, earnestly engaged for sev
eral days In Investigating the charge
made .by William Eldridge. one .of the
sureties upon the official bond of ex-Col
lector Saunders of Tort Townsend, who
mays that his signature upon the Saun
ders bond was a forgery. Several hand
writing experts have been before the
Grand Jury, and testimony has been In
troduced to show that Eldridge did not
and could not sign his own name, and
that It was his practice to have various
members of his family sign- for him.
It Is an interesting fact in connection
with th.- case that the whereabouts of
S.iunders Is now unknown, the most
diligent inquiry having failed to locate
him. When last heard of he was in Ar
kansas. Saundors was Collector of Cus
toms for the Puget Sound district during
Cleveland's second term, and was then
the moist prominent Democrat In the
State. Irately troubles have come fast
Upon him. About the time his term ex
pired stories were published Involving al
leged forged stock certificates In which
the ex-Collector's name was unpleasant
ly connected. Later came the story from
Huffalo that Saunders' child had died as
the result of Improper medical treatment
and that" he and others had been arrested
for Indulging In the practice of Christian
science In an endeavor to save the child a
life
The charge had hardly been dismissed
when the Federal court held that certain
warehouse fees which Saunders claimed
were part of his salary had been illegally
retained by him. •
PEYTON'S FIRST
WIFE SUES HIM
BTpKANE.- Dec. 12.-Colonel I. N. Pey
ton, a Epokane millionaire, came nero
years ago as Colonel George. H. Morgan.
He lived here .some time under that name
and in .Spokane boom days when all the
country round was platted there were ad
ditions bearing the name of Morgan. The
colonel's past returned to plague him.
The first wife came to town and it trans
pired one day that his name was. Peyton
and that be had <iul- tiy obtained a
divorce f rcm tin- first Mr.-. Peyton and
had married again m Morgan. There was
a sensation, but a larger one Is on now.
The first Mrs. Pe>ton, who li a resident
of Denver, has filed suit against the
whilom Colonel Morgan for half of the
million dollars which . she alleges he is
worth, nnd charges that the divorce was
obtained by fraud and that the marriage
with his pfesi-nt wife is void.
She says I he was married to the colonel
at Champagne. 111., in ISC9. They re
moved to Colorado, where they resided
until IS7B, when they started East to visit
relative. At St. Ixiviii* the colonel, dls
aii[M«'od Then, he came to this State
and assumed the , name of Morgan. In
ISSG the d» sorted wife discovered him and
came here. She says he promised »n
support her If Bho would go back to
Denver She went back, but the colonel
contributed nothing. Three years prior to
his discovery by the first wife he had
quietly obtained a divorce under his right
name.' Peyton, in an adjoining county,
Senator Turner. being then the Judge.
The defense claims that . the divorce
was legal and that there was a division
of the colonel* property at a time wli«>n
he was worth far less than now. and that
through lucky investments, particularly
In X-enoy stock, bis. fortune has- grown to
mammoth proportions. The case- prom
lsos to he bitterly r*nte»t»d-. rolnnel
Peyton and wife ar.d dauicht. r are winter
ing at Sanui Barbara, Cat.
HOLDERS OF FEDERAL
OFFICES TO BE BARRED
NEW YORK, Dec. 11— President Mc-
Kinlev has made it known within the la.v
twenty-four hours to certain important
Republicans in the State of New York
that he-does not favor the idea Of sending
Federal office holders as delegates to the
next Republican National Convention.
Ever since the days of Grant and Hayes
and Arthur and Harrison Republican na
tional conventions have been crowded by
Federal ofllce holders as delegates. l»re««l
dent McKlnley's suggestion on this mat
ter, it is said, will be hard to carry out in
some of the Souther?] States, «'«> yet if
Henry C. Payne's resolution to elect dele
pates according to the Republican vote in
all Congressional -districts is carried out
the task wilt* not be so hard.
The greatest trouble, it Is said, will
come from the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Michigan. Illinois. -Wisconsin and Min
nesota. But the President is determined
no Federal offH-e holder shall be elected as
delegate.
A Maccabee in Japan.
After the work of the review of Gohlen
West Tent, Knights of the Maccnbee*.
lnst niKht. was concluded Sir Knight I>.
W. MeNeflt, who recently returned from
the Orient, delivered a very lnterestlnß
lecture, his subject belnp "A Maccabee In
Japan." It wan a narration of personal
views of the p«Opl« and the country.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I 8all*. j Pier.
Destination.
Palls.
| Pt«r.
Coptic China* Japan I)-c. 13. 1 pm!PM33
Australia .. Honolulu Dec. 13, 2 pmjl'ler 7
Bute of Cal Portland Deo. H. It am, Pier
Bonlta 'Newport Dec. II. 9 am Pier 11
Costa Rica. On. America. Dec. 14 IPM3S
Albion Tlltamook..... Deo. II. , 3am'Pler 2
Arcata .... Coo« Hay...... IV.-. Li. 10 amiPler 1J
Homer [Orefton Ports. Dec. 15, 10 ampler Sj
Pomona ...iHumboldt [Dte. M, I prajPler '
Newburs ...Grays Hart>or'r>»c. 16. I pm
Hanta Rosa. San Dl^so Dec. 18, 11 am'Pler 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 16, ! pm Pier 1
Queen ' Vlo&PirtSd. Dec. 17. 10 am Pier I
Pamoa Humboldt Dec. 17. 19am!Plerl3
North Fork. Humboldt Dec. 19, 9am|Pler !
Coos Ray... Newport Dec. IS. » am Pier 11
Ban Jose Panama D»c. 18. II in PMSH
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 24
Aberdeen ..IPortUnd jDe«. 20.
Corona San I»I«»k'">. I '•"' 20. 11 amPler 11
S hipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tii- >ilay. December 11.
Nor itmr Tellus. Federsen. 102 hours from
Nanalmo.
Ptmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. 7* hours from New
port and way port*. __
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, 38 hour* from Carpln
teria.
r.r itmr Oe<.rK» W Elder. Randal!, «5 hour*
from Portland, via Astoria '.a hours.
Schr Newark, Perk. 18 hour* from Albion.
Behr Mary and Id*. Stensland. 11 day* from
Anacortes. _
Schr Pioneer. Mlkkelaon. 8 days from. Grays
Harbor. . . .... . .
8-hr Ran Buenaventura, Lanktlde. 8 day*
from Gray* Harbor.
Schr Alcalde, Weitkunat. 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December 12.
Ptmr Orizaba, Shea. Kanalmo and Vancouver;
Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Dte«o: Goodall.
Perkins A Co.
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria;
; Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Hr .-hip Austrian. Ewart. Queenstown; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
Haw bark It I' Rlthet. Macharty, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
. SAILED. •
Tuesday. December 11.
Ptmr Tacoma, Dlxon. Hongkong and Tncoma.
Rtmr Orizaba. Shea, Nanalmo and Vancou-
ver.
Stmr Olpny. Leland. ftanta Trua.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr <;o" I>>omls, Urlds;ett. Venturm.
Stmr O>rona. Debn«*y. Ban Diego,
fctmr L'matllla, Cousin*. Victoria and Pufft
Eound.
Stmr Noyo, Johnvon. Fort Brart<
Iterk Gatherer. Younjcicren. Tacoma.
■obr Falcon. Murchlaon. Grays Harbor. r-
Bchr Ruby A Cousins, Walton. Honolulu.
S-tir Volant. Erlxnen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Nettle Low, Low. Point Reyef.
SPOKEN.
Nov W. lat 3 8, lon 33 W—Dr bai* Kllpiory.
from Portland, for (ju**ensti>wn.
TELEGRAPHIC- 
POINT LOnOS, Dec 12. 10 p m-Weather
clear; wind N\V. velocity 16 mtleii.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec 12— Stmr Pomona, for
Ban Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 12— Ger bark. See
ptern, from Mazatlan: Hr stmr Aberseldle, from
HonckonK aril Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO-Salled Dec U-Schr F I Red
flel.l. for Taroma: schr Laura May. for Grays
Harbor. Dec 12— Bohr Dora Btuhm, for .
The reported arrival of the J A Campbell la
an error.
Arrived Dec 11— Schr Meteor, from Port Gam
ble.' Dec 12— Stmr Navarro, from Bourns Land-
Inf.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Czarina, fm
■en; ship Oriental, hence Nut 30. 
Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Willamette, {or Ban
..Francisco. ... ' ' .*.
SANTA PARHARA— Arrived Dec U-Stmr
Gnica Dollar, from Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND—ArrIved D«»c 12— Schr
Fred J Wood, from Santa Rosalia: Ocr bark
Pirate, from Ouaymas.
NEWPORT (P)— Arrived Dec 12— Btmr South
Coast, from Eureka: itmr Sequoia, hence De
cember 9.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 12— Ger »tmr Tanla.
for San Francisco.
• . FOREIGN PORTS.
MOLLENDO— Arrived Dec 11— Bktn Addenda.
from Astoria.
ROYAL ROADfl— Arrived Dec 11— Ital bark
Cavour, from Shanghai.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Nov. 7— Ger chip Silo.
for Vancouver.' '. v . " . /»
FALMOUTH-Arrlved. Dm 11— Dr bark Na
tun.i. from Oregon.
HULL— Arrival Dec 10— Rr ship Crown of In
dia, hence July 8; Haw bark Wlllscott. hence
July it. .
KlNSALE— Passed Dec 12— Br ship, Talus, one
Auk 3, for Quernstown.
. - OCEAN STEAMERS.
LI VERPOOL— Arrived Dec 12-Stmr Bylva
nln. from BoatoD. ■ ; . •.
I'.RF.M EN -Arrived Dec i:-Stmr II H Meier.
-from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec Ptrr.r Kensing
ton, from New York, via Southampton.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed Dec *— Btmr City of
London, for Tacoma. I Deo B—Stmr8 — Stmr Alcoa, for
Sun . Francisco. Dec 12— Br atmr Gaelic, for
San Francisco.
NEW YORK-Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Traare. for
Bremen, via Southampton: stmr Boric, -for
Liverpool. . . • ...
BAIXBOAD TBAVXLJ .
CHICAGO
IN 3 DAYS
... VIA ...
Chicago, Union Pacific
...AND..'..
Northwestern Line
Ererj Day in th* .Year from S»a Traneiieo
AT 8:30 A. M.
Boffet. Bmoking and Library Can, with .
barber.
. Dtnbl* Drawing-ram 81e«;lsg Can.
Dining Car*— meals a la cart*.
- ' Breakfast in Diner on Leaving Oakland Pier.
Dally Through TonrlH Car U Chicago Wlthont
Change at 0:30 P. M. .
ft. H. HITCMtE,
2 New Montgomery St. Gen. Agt. Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel. tUN rBASCISCO,
MOUNT TAMAtPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:3o, a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays.. S:oo. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains
Fare:.. San Francisco to Summit and Return
$1 40. ■■ .' • J .r
a. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
K EARN T »»T. Established
Bin 1»44 for the treatment of Private
W Lilsenses, Lont Manhood. Debility or
B rt'^P^J^earlngoiibodyanrt mind and
m skin Dlaoaaes. lh#iUocU)rcur»^wlM'n
■ others fall. Try Him. Charges low.
II «'«re»>aanißlee«l. Callorwrite,
Dr. J. r. uIBBO.V, Box 1937, 8aa Fxanclavo.
_ ._ . " _J~_Z L^^
BAILBOAD TBAVIIi.
■oiTiir.n* ratincc»«FA«T.
•• (rACiriO «<io.i
Tralai lfa*r mm.i i»rr> .!..«> lat »rrl»« at
NAM rKAJU.'MC'O.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
i — — — i^"^
UATI - FaOM KoTXttBM IX 1533. — *»*I»S
•7iOOa Kr«ieia. Sclscn an.l Hacrmmento — •7il.'»f
Elvira, VaeartUo and Unm ««t.. . . »Ji«f
•7:00 a Bh.uu Foprcai DaTla, Willowa,
Ke. l Blult Portland •7i43r
•Ti3u* Martinet. Ban Uamon. Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtriA ao-l B<«a *oil3p
••■•«« Th« Orerl »ml I t It*. ■ '. -Ofdea. D»
»-r. Oir.iiuk <t!ca;» »8il3»
•■•»•*«•-, J«M9. Llirrc re, Ktoektmi.
lone. Hoaantentn. PUeertUle.
Maryiflllo. Chlco. lte<l l:l\inT . MiHIP
•niUOi 'Milton. irilffiF i Honor* •» ''-
•»:»«» H»Twir.!». Nllta aod Way Btstti in . •11:1*4
• UiOUt AiUz.tl4 K.t-.roaa I . aod Hi*: *tt:a*A
•ViOUa Miri! ■ i. Trvj. LatUtop, Stock ton.
. .. Merced and Kreaao «ISil3r
•»■••» PcrtCoeU. lii-i:.n. Mojafe and Lou
Ane«lr« •«.l."»r
• IO:O«U Vallejo. Maflnnar.l WayKtattooa *«rllr
•IItOVA lU7war.tr Nn«» and Way BUtluoe. iiWr
•I»:O«M MltJ. I-ltrriiii ix. block ten, Hacra-
!it.i. MrntUita, Ilaufunl. VUaUa.
I'crterTllla »4t|!»P
' tl.OOr Bacxamentu Uiiaf tite«nirta t**:*>op
•3:OO«- Ilaywards. Nil- a a* I Way Htatlnca. a 3it3r
I •* j i»i»i- Uartloea. Matt ItatßAii. ValMa,
N .. . OalUtnK*. NmU ttnaa •».!»•
•«.««•« Bfiiicia, Va«aTllle, ri«ciaiuc>t>t(\
Woodland. KniuMi l.imth;.
MaryiTllte. Orotllitf •••»•»«
•4iBdrNllejiHan.ln<AstidH!^cktoa . *7il3r
•3:oorTb'i Owl Limit-.! I Frnna
rufirlil. Hausna fur Santa i:ar-
b*ra, Lee Ani'-lea •«:•»»
•3i3or Htocktot . Merced, t'roeuo ..•!•§!••
•3iUOr b'reeitu. liakerattcld. HauU n«il»rm.
I«a Ar«!u, iHniloc Xl I*mov
New (Mean* and F.aat •*• «»4
•fliltr HittiU I'o lUiii — Allautlo F.<pt<rae
for M .)ui.< awl Ran •« lip
•OtOOr IJi)H*xa«. Nileaandban J.a« '■ I > •
«Ot:iorVafle]i> . ... •••§■•»
•aiStff Oriental Mall— Osden and Kant ... . *Kin«p
tTiOOp Vallejo. l'< ri CoeU and Way Blav
SS. , •• :••»•»
■ .*StO3r Orrgoii and California i:ir'ti*.^a>
rautentii, MarjliHl*. ItiHlitlnr.
IVttland. I' i««-» M«iii.d and l«il "SilS^
COAST niHMin (Narrow 4.aas(»j.
(Fool of M«tluttt»»»t.l
•tniaAKewark.CViiUrii!l«,H«uJoe».Vrlton.
Boul.lcrrrna,Ha»laUWu»o<lWaj
but • •»•»•*•
(Stlßr Newark Centerrlllif. ft»n Joso, Hew
Al.uaJeu. I'cltoti. 11..u!.'-r l'rr*>k.
BanU Cms and Triads*! Way
Ht.tl.i.J. t>«>»*4
•1 1 irtr Newark. Han Jo««, LoaOatot. IMi
fcllilji- Uunteri* F.xenrtlun. Nu Jue« aud
Wa»riUti..:m I7i»»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Ftmi ill miCISCO— r*Mt *t Hirktl Street <• 18| -
•7:15 K'jm 11 00* n. 1133 '3:03 ti-0%
•i::3 !S:C3 *l£)rA
ru3>oausa-funfßn.4..».— -«jco boo looot.w.
tu:o *1.33 t3:33 «3;C3 ti;M ::im.
4 Disr I>I VISION , »roa*J«.»^»a). ■
.i (ThlMaiidTowuWiii'lSU)
t«4l*« Oc«au View. Houtb Han Kraceix-0.. ♦••»•»
«7:U«*a San J. *>■. ai«l Way Nutlon* , Now
Alioadeti WolursiUjs nuly) •!•••»
*f)i«M»* M»,. .1 it. Tirs I'lnea. Mania «'rit*.
l'»cllic ilroia. 1"«« ■ Kubles. Han
l.ula <>' i»i. », h'.ff, Looipoo cml
Principal Way Htall.na *<IIOr
•lOiIO* Pau Jiwaiiul WayHUUntia ... *41i334
•lIiSUa Han J.*e ami Way RUMoua *>iMr
l«ir Bao Mat-.. lt<d*oo<l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hani* Clara. H»« Joae.
Tn« IMooa. HauU 4,'rus. gal loss.
kloateity ». < I'aclfSa Ur0f*...... ♦l«r««4
tSimtr Ban Joae and Way HU(loi>s *7iSOr
4lil»r SaaJoneaiKl Principal W«y Station. *»•"»»
tr.ioor H»a Joao aod Prltici [ul Way titatloo* t»:»«»
•s:3tr BanJ.-H>a:. **:33a,
»<l:3Or Josasi, ' Wayfl'atloua oo 4
lfl:4Hr San Jc»^aii.l Way statlon» TtaOr
A foe Slorulnj I* fur AfUrnoon.
* Dally. t Mun<Ur eiceptrtL : Huuday on!y.,
b Hutiirilay >iti'y.
CALIFORNIA NORTBVESTER!i RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T I baron P«rry. Foot of Market •«.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. I.M 11:00 a, m. . 13:31.
1:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extr a trips at IM
and lt:tn p. m.
BUNDAYB-8:00. 9:30. 11 M a. m ; 1:30. 3:30.
I:UO. * 20 p. m.
PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50. »::>. 11:10 a m : 11 •*.
3:40. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
I:SS and IS p. m
SUNDAYS— I:IO. »:M. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:49. SO*.
>:7S d. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrtv*
San Francisco. In rffect I San Francisco.
1 Octobar 15. I I
Week Sun- ISn. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am No vat 13:40 am - Htm
1:30 pm »:30 am Pctaluma. •■*•i m 10 I". am
i I" pm s:oopm f-anta Rosa. 7:Upm 4 23 pm
r Fulton.
7:10 am Windsor. » la
Healdsburc.
Lytton.
G»>ys«TviHe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am venial*. 7:33 ptn 1:13 pm
7:30 am Hupland and
1:00 am Uklah. 7. 1S pm (:3 pm
7 30 am 10:3* aaa
8:00 am Gaernevllle. 7:33 pm
I TO pm (13 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am n- tin 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
110 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. (43 pm •!3 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sctastopol. 10:40 am 10:15 am
j I:3opm S:Opm ' 7:33 ' -m' «71 pm
StaKes connect at Banta H-«.i for Mark Wast
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Lyttnn
for Lytton Sprln<«; at Geyservill* foe Skai{c<
Fprlncs: at Clcv«r£*le f .r the Oeysera; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs. HtKhlanil Hprln«s.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Bprtnrs. Bo<U Bay. Lam-
port and Harriett Sprints: at Uklab for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, v, uter Bprlnf*. L'pper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Dajrs. Riverside. Llerley'a,
BufknelKi. Hanhedrln Hatchts. Hntlvtli* Orr*s
Hot tits' 1 M<n!rino City. Fort Brace.
' Weetport. Uaal. VTIIIItts. Laytnnvtlla. Cum-
mine's. Pell's Springs. H&rrls. Olien's. Dyer.
Be. tla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
dured rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. CO Market it.. rhronlrU bld».
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manacar. Gen. Pas*. Asant.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S?«nta' Fe Route.
Tht fastest train, rnnnlns; over the b««t rail-
road, with- th- blsbtst eia«s aceommodatlona.
Connecting train leave* Ban Francisco at
• 00 p. m
XOVDAr. 17EONE8DAT. FRIDAY SATOSDAT.
Arriving In Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
miDAT. BUSDAT. TCZSOAY. WEDSESOAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
E v *ry Car In th« year. Pullman Palae* an 4
Upholstered Tourist Can l«av<» Cukland Mol*
for Denver, Kansas City. Chicago and the East
IVI p. m,
VALLEY ROAD
i Between Stockton. Fresno. H^nford. VlsalU,
Tular<» and Bakersfleld, tarolahea food local
train service.
Ran Francisco office. C2I Market St., telephone
Main 1531.
| Oakland office, lilt Broadway.
Eacram*nto office, 101 J street.
Ban Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara str«**t»
IDRfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis ImmlM Parry .
Ccmmenelnf October 1. US$.
TROlf BAN FRANC LSCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *T:CO, *i:to. U:W a. m . 1 «i
•3:40. J:ls. «-00. I* p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Will Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, WednesJays and Saturday*.
at » << and 11 » p. m.
' • SUNDAYS— •?:«. # 10:00. ••11:30 a. m. : *1:15,
1:15, M:45. < 30. » •* p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qu»ntln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY:* ' ' "MS. 7:43. •am.;
•11: JO. 2.1*. •: 4". HAS p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
, Saturday* at < 40 and 10:15 p. m
BUNDAYB-«:20. •»:<». •1J«O. »11:45 a. sa. ;
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. *« ' p. m. r • •
Trains marked «•» start from Ban Qtentln.
TROM MILL VALI.FT TO BAN FRANCISCO.
-WEEK DATS— «;4S, «:45, 7:i4. »4i a. m.;
12:35. 1:15. I:4s. l:» P. IT ;
EXTRA TRIP? on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 7 .00 and 10:20 p. m
■ BUNDATB-»«. 10:0* a. m . 12:69. 11l I:*).
, •«. l:tt P m HROrO H TRAINS.
7:00 a. m week days— Caradero and war staM-ms.
, 1 40 p. m. Saturdays— and -ay stations.
I t» a. m. tiun4a_/»-;ron»aia« aa4 j»a/ jtatl^a^
1112
MRS. F. GALE'S STORY
OF THE GEYSER SCANDAL
Reiterates Charges of Bigamy
Against Her Husband.
Denies That She Is an Adventuress or
Blackmailer, but Seeks Freedom In
stead of the Fisk Fortune.
TITEUE Is a Shook In store for Mr
Gale of the G*»ysors when the suit
brought against him by Frankie
Grant Gale for an annullment of
their marriage tlf-s comes to trial.
The plaintiff has be»«n characterised by
Mr. Gale and his relatives and friends as
a designing woman whose motive In
it.arrylmr him was to secure the property
rbe thought h« possessed, and who, fall
in* to find anything worth having after
fhe got him, seeks to levy blackmail on
the Vl*k family, of which he Is a mem
ber, by threatening It with scandal.
While the allegations of tv-ing a black
mailer and an adventuress have not Iwen
rlcaumt to Mrs. Gale they have not al
tered her determination to force the Issue
and produce the evidence which she
claims will prove beyond question that
Gale Is not the saint that he represents
himself to be, and that in the eyes of the
law he 1* a bigamist* She does not Intend
to Ftcp with her endt-uvcrs to have her
marriage with him annulled, but as soon
urn that bit of legal contention Is over It
is her purpose to have him prosecuted for
what she claims Is his perfidy.
Mrs. Gale irankJy admits that she is a
horrible example o£ the oKI adace, "Marry
in haste ;-;ii repent at leisure." Now that
t>ho i.~.- awakened to that fact, she is at
v. losm fur ait explanation as io how and
why i-.V- l!»icueU to viale's prole»tatlons
< : inflection.
"Why 1 married Gale," she says, "I
cannot see now. There must have been
in the Geyser air v potion like that tl«>
■-> rlirJ in 'Thts Mid&umnier Night's
l-ircum.' It will bo remembered that
THania fell In love with an ass."
\Vh«;n been ut her home in this city yes
terday Mrs. Gale exhibited n> reluctance
to discuss her matrimonial mishap. She
i -*:■: tliat all »he asked wus fair play and
a suspension of public judgment until she
!.a . t>euii given an opportunity to present
hi r caM» In court. She is rather an .li
tractive Woman, shrewd to the extreme,
liiid with an entire frankness of manner
that momentarily disarms any suspicion
that she 2b the adventuress pictured by
her husband and the Fisk.s.
Gale's fate hang's by a very slender
]<g;il thread. lil« wife changes that he
lived with a woman whom he Introduced
an Mrs. Kmma Gale; who was received in
the Flsk household ns the wife of A.'.el
b«rt Orlando, and acknowledged by him
to 1m» his better half. As documentary evi
dence to bear out these assertions she will
X'ri«lur« oertiflod conies of two policies of
Insurance on tho lire <if Adeiltert O. Gale
payable to "Mrs. Emma Gale, his wife."
tiilxnan Gale, th* brother of the defend
ant, will be called upon to repeat state
ments h« made to Mrs. Frankie Gale con
cerning Adalbert's love affair and letters
to Mr*. Frankl© Gale from Gilman, in
which he ref.rs to his brother's 'Vo-call
♦-J other wif«»." will be introduced as evi
dence to fuhFtantlate the allegations of
bigamy.
AdeUurt Oale. In conversation with a
Oall representative, admitted that he had
lived with a woman for ten years who
was known as Emrrm Gale, but ltd he
hn<\ D9Ver been legally :narrled to her.
This woman was a variety performer in
ATTEMPTS THREE
TIMES TO KILL
HIS YOUNG WIFE
Milo C. Damon, a Ba
ber Arrested.
to his
■
■ •
Damon Is .. barber and Is employed in
a shop under the Winchester Home on
Third Ftreeu He and hi? wife and bany
had a room in th« lodging house. 823 How
nrd street, kept by Mrs. Sheridan. They
came from Portland, Or., about Beven
months apo.
Sunday nipht. after his wife had retired.
Damon klrsed her and bade h» r pood-by.
Then RUddenljr drawing a ctiletto out of
Its sheath he raad«; a lunge at her heart.
A quick movement saved her, ruid before
lie could nrlke at her aßaln Khe kicked
him on the chest with her foot, knocking
him down. Springing out of 1."!, Sh*r
rushed opt of the door, and her screams
brought assistance and the stiletto was
taken from the murderous barber.
Monday morning: he crabbed her by the
throat and threw her down on the floor.
He was choking her to death, when the
landlady, suKpeetlng something was
wrong, entrred the room. She tried to
pull Itamon away from his wife, but fall
AUCTION
EXTRA OR DIN A R V!
THE OPPGraWTHE CENTURY!
KING, MOSS & COMPANY,
630 MARKET STREET
(PALACE HOTEL BLOCK).
WiFh to announce to their customers and th*» r*>neraJ public that owing to the
;.:r OOJ?U3OK REMOVAL t\ey will
$100,000
Worth Of HIGH-CLASS DIAMONDS. WATCHES SOLID KIT vttw em r.
JEWELRY AND OBJECTS OF ART by auction BOLID BILKER. GOLD
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.,
THURSDAY,To-Morrow, D it
And continuing dally at 10:80 a. m. and 2:SO p. m. till all Is sold.
BRIGGS & DODO, the Eminent Art Auctioneers, Specially Engaged.
this city when Gale first became acquaint
ed with her. If Gale's career with her
constitutes a common law marriage, the
defendant would appear to have Just one
wile too many. lira, Gale makes the fol
lowing statement In her own hehalf:
"Deep in every one's breast Is rooted an
Inborn sense of justice a love of fair play
—and now . that my husband and hi»
friends have had their fling and exhausted
their venomed dans I feel that my side
of the story should be heard. A few days
aftur my arrival at the Geysers, June 30
of tills year, I was Introduced to Adelbert
Gale by hi* niece. Mrs. Arthur Flak. From
this time on he devoted himself to me.
and, 1 blush to admit It, I learned to love
him. lie represented that he was the pro
prietor of the Geysers, but after our wed
ding ] learned thai he wan only the hired
man. I was not after his money, for 1 :
know that he had none, but 1 was led to
believe that he had an Income sufficient
to care for a wife. When 1 learned that
lie had not I tried to persuade him to go
bacK with me to my homo In Colorado,
where 1 thought i could secure him a
good situation. He demurred, saying that
lils sister, Mrs. Flak, had hinted to him
that she was going to provide for him in
her will and he dared not leave the Gey
sers for fear of displeasing her. To this
1 replied: 'What do we care? We can
live without them.' Bo much for the
part the Fisk fortune played in my mar
riage. Are those the tactics an adven
turess would have pursued?
"I kept nothing of my past life away
from my husband. I told him that I was
a divorced woman and I told Mrs. Flak.
They knew of my antecedents, for tele
grams from my father in Denver were !
telt-phoned from Cloverdale to Ike
Wertheixner at the Geysers and by him
repeated to mo. 1 learned that Mr. Gale
liud another wife through his endeavors
to have his life insurance policies trans
ferred to mo. Hi* sinter. Mrs. Ass Risk.
knew of this other rife, and shame be to
her that she did not warn me. Verily,
th«>y played the Good Samaritan, for " 1 '
"was a stranger and they took me in.' i
Mrs. Fisk stated to me the night of Sep-
Icnitxr IX) or lil of this year, when 1 was
at her home in this city, that she had
harbored this Mrs. Emma Gale, and when
the latter refused to go to the Geysers
with her reputed husband. Adell Gale,
she (Mrs. iiski advanced her JCO with
which to go Bast. This occurred about
November 1 of last year. Within nine
months the husband of Emma Gale had '
tak«»n another wife and 1 war. that unfor- I
tur.ate.
"Since I brought this suit Gale has
pleaded with me for an Interview, and at
last 1 consented to see him last Friday
night. He wanted me to withdraw the
suit and return to him at the Geysers. I
refused, of course, and pleaded with him
;o acknowledge the truth of the things
he had confessed to me. 'No.' he replied;
'if 1 do. what is there In It for me? 1 He
knew that I had property, for he was
careful to make inquiries on this point
before I married him. I told him that I
was aJor.« here, almost friendless, and
only asked him to help me right myself."
Gale's statement made to a Call reporter
substantiates in many details the version
of the affair presented by his wife. He
admitted that she wanted him to go to
Denver with her and also that h*> sought
an interview with her in which she plead
ed with him to right the alleged wrong
he had done her.
cd. and. peizinr a chair, she struck him
on the head with it. which made him re
lease his hold. He went away and return
ed a few hours later, pretending; that he
was sorry for what he bad done. He ask
ed h«-r to take a ride with him to the Cliff
Houk<\ and before they reached there he
wanted her to leave the car. as he had
something to show her. She was sus
picious and declined. She afterward
learned that he had a razor In his pocket
which he had taken from the 6hop with
the intention of killing her.
After they returned rrom the Cliff
House Damon told her that he would fin
ish her off pure the next time, as he would
get a revolver, and to protect herself she
secured a warrant for his arrest on a
chanre of battery. Monday evening he
chased her out of the house and was nr
rested later on the charge of battery. He
appeared In Judge lonian's court yester
day and the CSM was continued till to
morrow.
Mr«. Immnn, artlnp r,n the advice of h"r
friends, k'i ured a w.-irm:»t for his arrest
irgje if threats to kill, and It
was served upon him in the City Prison
i hip wife with being; untrue to
.-<• VOWI and declares that he
will have her nrresird.
Picture Frames.
We have all of the newest novelties In
shapes, woods and finishes In Picture
Frame?. Old Flemish, Dutch, English and
pray oaks, mat Kilts and bronzes, with mat
boards In colors to match. Any picture
can be appropriately and reasonably fitted
in our frame department. Sanborn, Vail
: & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Watched the Doctor.
At the meeting of Court Golden Gate of
the Foresters of American last nijjht Dr.
Joseph a. Prosek was re-elected court
physician for the eighteenth successive
year, and under the Rood of the order
Julius Caimans, on behalf of the court
presented the doctor with a beautiful cold
| watch, chain and diamond-set locket a* a
I token of appreciation of his faithful per
| vices juring his long connection with the
court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIVL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 13. 1899.
INFURIATED BUFFALO ATTACKS
PARK POLICE CAPTAIN THOMSON
The Maddened Bison Charges Upon His Pursuer.
SZ=^ ATTAIN S. If. THOMSON of the park police
v had a narrow escape yesterday from a fearful
U death. Mi was attacked by an Infuriated bull
x^z^ buffalo that tossed him and the horse upon which
he was mounted, attaching him again and again
as he lay helpless on the ground, after It had disem
boweled his steed. The timely arrival of assistance un
doubtedly caved bin from ■ similar fate.
The accident was the result of an attempt to tenant
the new buffalo paddock in Golden Gate Park with some
of the denizens of the old enclosure near Stow Lake.
Captain Thomson and five mounted men started early in
the morning to make the transfer. Before noon th«y
had managed without trouble to get three of the bulls
into the new paddcck, which Is situated close to the
water tank on the bicycle path. After luncheon the two
remaining: bulls were taken out of their corral and
started along the rood for their new quarters.
Although one of the buffaloes had manifested signs
of uneasiness several times on the way, Captain Thom
son and his men had almost reached the water tank
without mishap. One of the men, Walter Jansen, had
been sent ahead to open the paddock pate and Thomson
and the others started to drive their charges toward it.
Both buffaloes broke into a run. the policeman hard after
them, and one of the animals got through Into the pad
dock. The other, by reason of the fact that the gate
was not opened wide enough to suit him, passed It and
ran snorting down the road toward the beach.
Capftn Thomson, leaving; one man In pursuit, made
a sh.'rt cut to head off the runaway animal. He soon
had the bull headed and Charged at him, swinging his
lnrlat. He never threw the rope; Before he could com
prehend the tactics of the buffalo, it had charged, head
down, full at him. The next instant the animal had
horned his horse and tossod It and the rider in the air.
As the horse fell the buffalo charged again, fairly rip
COLLEGIATE LADIES
ENTER INTO POLITICS
TWO CANDIDATES FOR THE
SCHOOL BOARD.
California Branch of the Alumnae
Association Makes Suggestions
to the Mayor.
The California branch of the Aspoi-ia
tlon of Collegiate Alumr;a<\ througi
Fannie McLean, l>r. Kmma S. MerrlLt
and Mrs. Charles \v. Slack, hab ;i«i
drepped a i< nimunieatlon to Mayor Phe
lan Indorsing Mrs. A. K. Morrison, Ph.B..
University ••( California, aj.d Mish Caro
line C. Jackson, graduate of th( Nortaai
College of New zork, and B. S., Cornel]
rnivcrsity, for memli»ra of the School
Hoard. The comjnunication •
un exhaustive explanation of the p<
of the society regarding educational
matters, and explains why tn.se two
ladles urf indorsed in prefer*: to
candidates, ami concludes by offerinii to
enUe with the Mayor in any
to Improve the public school system -if
San Francisco.
WILL NOT SIGN THE DEMANDS.
Auditor Wells Refuses to Allow
Treasurer Extra Clerks.
Auditor Wells yesterday notified Treas
urer Truman that he would not audit tho
bills for extra clerk hire for payment of
rebates on personal property taxes. The
Supervisors, at their meeting last Mon
day, on recommendation of the Finance
Committee, passed a resolution appropri
ating $1000, out «if funds now in the treas
ury amounting to $^6<*i, being the over
payments of taxes of 1536 which have not
been called for.
The Auditor, on the advice of his at
torney. General Dickinson, contends that
the money cannot be used to pay the
clerks and the Supervisors must take the
money <nn of the -alary fund. Mr. \Wllh
quotes section 3824 of the Political Code*
which says:
"When the tax rate is fixed for the year
In which collections ar>» mart" then, if a
sum In excess of the rate has been col
lected, such excess shall not be appor
tioned to the State, but the whole thereof
shall remain in the county treasury and
must be repaid to the person from whom
the collection is made or to his assignee
on demand therefor."
The Auditor also returned to the Super
vipers the demands of the extra clerks
employed by the County Clerk to complete
the work of his office prior to the time of
the new charter going into effect. Tli**
resolution provided that the c-mp-nsation
of the clerks was not to exceed J»?X>, which
wns »o be paid out of the "l'r(r.<nt Neces
sity Fund." This fund Is exhausted and
even If It were not the Auditor holds that
he could not pay the demands out of it
ERECTION OF HIGH BUILDINGS.
Supervisors' Fire Committee Over-
looks an Existing Order.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee met
yesterday and recommended that Alvinza
Hay ward be granted permission to erect
a building 145 feet In height on the north
east corner of Montgomery and California
streets. It Is quite likely that the recom
mendation, however, will not be adopted
by the full board, as there is an order in
existence which provides that on all
streets less than 100 feet wide no build
ing shall be erected over 100 feet in height.
Th« petition of E. J. Baldwin for per
mission to repair the store-rooms in the
Baldwin ruins so that they may be rented
during the holidays was postponed until
Friday to await the decision in the test
case now In Judge Treadwell's court.
The committee decided to sustain - the
pinpr it open. Thomson was thrown to the ground, where
he lay stunned, the bull turning on him after It had
wreaked Its fury on the disemboweled home.
Only the shortness :itid the curvature of the buffalo's
horns paved the park police captain from gaping death
wounds. Time and again the animal lowered his head
with the intention of impaling his victim on the horns.
but the captain w.-is too <lose to the ground to receive
more than sore blows from the head of the frothing ani
mal, which, failing in its effort to disembowel him. at
tempted to stamp the life out of him %vith its hoofs. It
would nave succeeded undoubtedly had not some of the
captain's, mon come yelling on the scene.
The buffalo, spent by this time with Its run and its
attacks on the prostrate man and horse, took to flight.
Several of the newcomers gare chase through the brusn.
while others went to the assistance of Captain Thomson,
fully conscious of the gTave peril from which he had
M providentially rescued, sore and bleeding, his
nothing covered with the slaver of the enraged buffalo.
The injured captain was put into the buggy of Superin
tendent McLaren, who came along about that time, and
• ikon to the park Irxi^o, where Dr. Shumate made
an examination of his injuries. The disemboweled horse
was shot to end its agony.
Captain Thomson was suffering intense pain in the
region of the liver and the right lung, in which parts of
hIH body the buffalo had butted him repeatedly In its ef
forts to kill. His lower limbs were sore and bartly
bruised where ho had been stamped upon by the hoofa
of the runaway. Dr. Shumate found that no bones had
been broken, and said his patient would be ready for
duty In several days.
At a la^te hour last night notice was received from
the Golden Gate Park officials that the runaway buffalo
had been captured In the park and had been secured In
a special pen.
Mayor's veto of nn ordinance regulating
the construction of gas grates or gas logs
and providing for a patent or brick chlm-
A number of building contractors.
Who opposed the ..rdor. were present and
expressed satisfaction at the committee's
action.
THE SILBA MURDER.
The Charg-e Against Policeman Dick-
Bon G. Bell Dismissed by Judge
TreadwelL
Th* preliminary examination of rolice
man Dickson G. Bell on the charge of
murder in connection with the death of
Pedro Silba, bootblack. Kearny street,
near Broad wny, was held before Judge
Twtdiull yesterday, and after hearing
the lostirnony of the witnesses for the
prosecution and defense he dismissed the.
case, remarking that the officer h*td not
used half the power to subdue the pris
oner that the law allowed him. There
was applause In court, which was Instant
ly suppressed.
The witnesses for the prosecution were:
Dr. Zabala. autopsy physician; Dr. H. E.
Morrison of the Harbor Hospital; Philo
mena Silba, who acknowledged that she
had not been married |to Silba; J. B.
stench, C. Ortez, C. RamJre. P. Kngel
brecht, Ignatius Coronel and J. XV. Doug
las, but most of their testimony was fa
vorable to the defendant.
A number of witnesses were put on the
stand for th« defense, who testified that
the defendant did not strike Silba on the
head with his club but that Silba threw
himself several times on the ground and
struck his head against the cobblestones.
Attorney Alexander Campbell Jr., who
represented Silba in the Police Court
prior to his death, testified that Sllba's
character was bad.
EXTRA SESSION SIGNERS.
The fact is disclosed that Senators
other than those mentioned in The Call
yesterday have nut signed <f'>r an extra
session. Senator H. V. Morehousb, who
was in the city yesterday, asserted posi
tively that he had not agreed to go Into
caucus and would not sign such agree
ment, although his name did not appear
In the list of those who had not signed.
Senator Luchslnger thus places himself
on record :
I see by this morning" issue of your paper
that you mentioned the names of Senators
. who have not signed a caucus roll; and
my name i!.--> not appear among them, the .
Inference would be that I had signed for a
call. I wish It understood that I have
signed no petition Tor an extra session, nor
for a caucus, and that the only expression
I have given to my future action Is, '"That
In case an extra session is called I
would go Into a caucus of Republicans of
eighty or over, or If a caucus of sixty-one,
• Republicans were prepared to go Into cau
cus that I with th» balance of the Repub
licans would make it our business to have
the full number .if elithty-nve there. If pos
sible." Yours respectfully
J. J. "i.UCHSINGER. .
VaJleJo. December 12. 1899.
The Call stated yesterday that Senators
Bulla. RowHI. Davis, Taylor, Gillette.
Straiten. Hoyre and Smith had not
slKnod. The statement that all others
had signed was made by the promoters
or the extra session and was so accredited
to them by this paper.
Kate Greenawav.
The Indies' Auxiliary to Canton San
Francisco No. 5. Patriarchs Militant. I. O.
O. F.,gave a Kate rj reenaway social in the
Odd Fellows' building last evening which
was attended by a goodly number of
members of the order and friends of the
yeTaniEation. The ladles of Drill Corps
No. 2 appeared In full uniform, as did also
the members of the canton, adding to the
splendor of the scene. Tnder the direr
♦. n °.f. f * h * oo»nmlttee.o »nmlttee. consisting of Cap
tain Allie Parker. Mrs. 11. E. Cyrus and
Mrs. E. T. Shaw, there was dancing and
then an excellent collation.
KELLY FOUND
GUILTY OF THE
CHARGES FILED
Grand Jury May Have
the Aftermath.
The Jury in the Thomas A. Kelly trial,
concluded last night before Judge Lawlor.
returned a verdict of guilty a* charged.'
after two and a half hours' deliberation.
Kelly was formerly a clerk In Police
Court 8, and In his capacity accepted
straw bonds which the jury by Its verdict
has found t-> be false and fraudulent.
During the trial a mass of perjured tes
timony was Introduced, and It" Is very
likely that the Grand Jury will take the
matter up before long. Contradictory evi
dence was adduced by the attorneys on
both side*. The bonds were originally
issued to secure the freedom of Harry
Wilson, a colored man.
What Judge Lawlor said in his address
to the Jury after the verdict had been
rendered suggests some Grand Jury work.
It is as follows:
In an early stage of the trl»l of this case on
the guKKeatlon of th« counsel for the defendant,
the court ordered that one copy of certain por'
ilona of the testimony be written up. As the
case progressed the court, of Its own motion
Instructed the shorthand reporter to write up
one copy of the entire testimony One of the
objecu that the court had In mind In makm*
this order was that when the trial was con
cluded the entire testimony should be submU
te.l to the Grand Jury now In session as a
KUlde to that body should It elect to take action
on the suggestions whi<-h the court new feels It
Is Its duty to make. In the Judgment of the
court the grossest and rankest perjury has de
veloped In this ca»e in an attempt to defeat Jus
tice. Witnesses have, under the sanctity of an
oath, boldly defied the truth In a manner t<
shock the mural sense and further demoralize
the administration of Justice in this city The
testimony reeks with perjury, and while It is
not the injentlon of the court at this time to
jive expression to its own opinion, still It may
be proper to state that there abides throughout
the rtw an abundance of iwrjured matter
which should engage the closest attention of
the <srand Jury. The court therefore suggest*
to the District Attorney that this entlr- matter
l*> lalvl before that body. To that end It will be
proper to submit the testimony taken here to It
an a basis for Its Investigation.
Eclipse of the Moon.
An almost total eclipse of the moon
will occur next Saturday ovenlng, begin
ning about 5:30 o'clock. It will be after
7 o'clock before the moon leaves the
umbra or denser portion of the earth's
shadow, and after X o'clock before It
leaves the penumbra, or half shadow in
magnitude, the eclipse will be .9% or so
nearly total that only a close observer
will be able to distinguish the difference
Astronomers Bay that the best time for
observing the phenomenon will be about
C o"clock in the evening, shortly after the
moon rises over the hills.
In the Divorce Court.
Augusta E. Bender was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Frank A. Bender on
statutory ground*. Decrees of divorce'
have also be«n granted Minnie E. Reichel
from Domlnkus Reichel on the ground of
Intemperance: Ada Bastian from William
Baptian on the ground of desertion and
Paul Kahdemann from Kate Kahdemann
on the ground of Infidelity. Judge Troutt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ELEGANT STOCK
Holiday Goods.
Ladles' Novelty NECKWEAR, in Jabots, Fichus, Scarfs
ani Ties 90c to £7 e&cfa
Ladles' and Gents' Initialed HANDKERCHIEFS, both silk
and linen 20c to 75c eiich
Ladles' Fine Hand -Embroidered HANDKERCHIEFS,
scalloped and lace edge 15c to $5 each
Ladles' SlLK SKIRTS, In all the new stules am -oiors;
also black $6 to $88 c.-icJ
Ladles' and Gents' Fine SILK UMBRELLAS, with lYorn,
tortoise shell, pearl and silver handles
$2.50 to $9 each
Ladles' and Gents' French and English KID GLOVES ....
$1 to $2.50 pair
Ladles' FEATHER BOAS, 18 to 72 inches long, In natural
black, grau and beaver. . . .$2.50 to $27.50 each
Ladles' Beaded NoYeltu BELTS, in white, black anl
colors 50c to $3.50 each
Gents' Fancn NECKWEAR, in puffs, knots, bows anl
four-ln-hands £5c to $1 each
111 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
% CHRISTMAS GIFTS
'■% ' ai CROCKER'S
j| ARTISTIC CALENDARS
Wy* WEDGEWOOD WARE j* VIENNA NOVELTIES
STYLISH CORRESPONDENCE PAPERS
j FINE LEATHER GOODS
M * CROCKER *
V? 227-229 POST ST. 215-219 BUSH IT.
has granted the application of Annie O.
Fry for a divorce from ll"h»»rt D. Fry.
vice president of the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company. The decree wa.s
awarded on the ground of cruelty. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Mrs. S.
King against R. King on the ground of
failure to provide, and Pet M. Hoff
against Henry K. Hoff for Infidelity.
NTTMPHIA WILL BE CLOSED.
When Lillian I 'ale. keeper of the no
torious Hotel Nymphla, sought to re
strr.ln the Board of Health from closing
the den on account of Its unsanitary con
dition, she resorted to a proceeding In
equity, came Into court "with unclean
hands." and consequently Judge Hoawoll
has decided that she Is entitled to no re
lief. The court dismissed the order to
show cause and dissolved the temporary
restraining order Issued against tta«
board. Five minutes later the Twinkles
Star Improvement Company, owner of the
den, filed a suit to restrain the Hoard if
Health from Interfering with tne
premises or Inmates thereof, but as the
directors of this company have already
been convicted and fined for renting th«
plate for immoral purposes it is probaole
that the court will also find that their
hands are unclean and will deny them the
relief prayed.
No Marriaee Licenses V»«t A *-,i<._
An unprecedented record was made In
the Marriage Licence Office yesterday
"Cupid" Danforth patiently waited with
his accustomed good grace for prospective
husbands and wives to appear, but
strange to say he did not Issue a sln~'e
fp\ fl To please i ii 1
!; —^^-^a^^^P-v at Chrislmas time, give • :i;
*^* them something l.ke this :i;
\-<.S Shaving ij
L2— i\ Stand I
I »%^- I ® >j^ ffi^J Our Sout h-of-Market-street i|
i; ==^^aK^i\^ price i5^7.25— a wondenul ;|
I • --^ *jjr^* v v value - You pay $10.00 S
;| r/ ~ii <^^g ;: B^^\ elsewhere. :
WiJsLjdTjJl. >NDIANAPOLIS I
FURNITURE
our carpet stock is 750 Mission St.
COMPLETE. »»a6ion 2)t.
lacs&ssssafiftfifiassafit^^^^^s^^. OPEN EVENINGS. f{
...0F"...
marriage l:oense during the day. Tw»>
Individuals dMtfnd to get license*, hut aa
they w.-rft rot quito sure of their brlde»"
full names they wer* o,mp»-lW>d to post
pone the legal formality. Mr. l>anforh
says that this Is a dull time In his busi
ness. Last year on this date ue only
Issued three licenses. ¥
Dr. Parker's Cough Cur». On« <io«* win »to»
a couch. N»v»r fall* Try tt. All druggists. •
WELBURN BONDSMEN MULCTED
The trial of the suit brought by th*.
United Btates against the bondsmen of
Osca M. W.ihurn to recover $41,033. th*
amount alleged to have been embezzled
by Cashier Norton, who committed sul
dde about two years ago, was had yes
terday before United States Circuit Jul «
Morrow. The bondsmen are O. 11. Wel
burn. B. B. Pond, estate of James T.
Murphy. Tobias Rlnaldo. L. A. Whit-
hurst. Harvey C. Morey, Thomas Rea.
lleasant c. Hodjm and the estate of
liam Patrick l-.-ugherty. They quaJl
llcd for J25.000 each and Jointly and sev
erally. The bondsmen wore represented
by Paterson. Kodgcrs A Slack, and th*
offense was made that as Dougherty died
before the defalcation took place and tha
vacancy on the bonds was not filled tha
bonds were Invalid and the remaining
bondsmen were not responsible. Jud**
Morrow gave judgment on behalf of tha
Government for' $4.,.:.;. 27 against all tha
securities except the estate of Douchertv.
The amount named represent* the princi
pal, the Interest and the costs.
A stay of proceedings was granted to
allow the defendants an opportunity to
take an appeal. •