no_textVOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 56.
CLEVELAND STRIKERS ARE
BAYONETED BY MILITIA
Riots Resumed in Several Sections of the
City After Dark and Clashes Occur,
APPEALS
ARE MADE TO
THE PEOPLE
-
Mayor and Bishop Issue
Statements Pleading for
. Peace.
— . — :
Vigorous Protests Against the
Summoning of State Troops
to the City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PERRY STATUE, CLEVELAND, OHIO.
During the disturbances attending the strike of street car employes at Cleveland there have been some se
rious riots in the vicinity of the statue. . ....'.. . ;
CLEVELAND, 0., July 25.— Rioting !
was renewed to-night, and in one
encounter a detachment of militia
charged with bayonets and dis- j
persed the rioters. '
Strikers and their friends to-night !
held a meeting and various speakers
protested against the presence of troop's
and the carrying of: arms by the non
union street car employes. ' s
A- State law exists which declares
that a defendant arrested for carrying \
■weapons, upon proving that he believed
his life, liberty or property endangered I
While pursuing any lawful act, shall be
discharged. Several non-union men ar- i
rested oh this charge have been dis
charged under the act refered to.
Rain fell during most of the after- \
• noon and did what the police have been ;
unable to — keep crowds from collect- j
Ing and molesting cars. Eleven of the
fourteen lines of the Big Consolidated ;
Streets were in operation before 7
o'clock to-day. The three lines on
which cars were not started were the
Union, Barton and Clark-avenue |
routes.
Adjutant General Axline, in command
of # the military here, approximates the
force under him at twenty companies,
aggregating nearly 1200 men. Four
hundred of them, from Columbus, New
ark and Chillicothe,' arrived this after
noon and were distributed about the
city at points where trouble is feared.
Mayor Farley, General Axline. Police
Director Barrett and Assistant-Corpo
ration Councel Excel! had a long con
ference over the situation y)-day. The
result was that a large guard of sol
diers was to-night sent to South Brook
lyn, where the Mayor believes the dis
turbing element to be strongest.
With the coming of darkness to-day,
small riots, mostly in the foreign in
habited parts of the city, made their
appearance, and conflicts in which no
body was seriously hurt, took place be
tween the soldiers and police on one
side and strikers and their sympathiz
ers on the other. On Broadway the
cars, loaded with guards anjl a few
passengers, traveled in pairs, and at
Clay and Pearl streets a mob of about
2000 men and boys, with a sprinkling of
women, gathered and, when they could
elude the soldiers, stoned the cars and
the crews. Conflicts were frequent and
a number of arrests, were made. : .
At 10 o'clock a detachment of militia
charged with bayonets and dispersed
the rioters.. W; ; ;.;f >;-;:.-'/ •> ;_(£'£'£>
There -were a few incipient riots in
South Brooklyn by midnight, but the
guards bad 'the situation well in hand.
Mayor Farley, to checkmate the Mayor
of South - Brooklyn, where sentiment
seems to be \ largely pro-striker, dug
from his musty tombs an ancient law
which declares that In case of riots.
etc., the Mayor of the largest city may
The San Francisco Call
i declare himself the chief police coo^'.
! mander in the county. ; V.:-.
Mayor Farley, betaking to himself
• this authority, ] swore in as special' po
lice, members of the Cleveland Grays
I and of the Cleveland Scots Guard, and
| placed them under the , command of , the
I Police -Department. They were sent
i over the .river to Brooklyn for the pur-
I pose not only of preserving order gen
erally, but to. keep an ; especial eye on
I non-uniion men who are regarded as
being more • particularly in danger in
that section- than in any other part of
the strike territory.
Mayor Farley late to-night issued : a
proclamation, calling upon the citizens
to act calmly during the excitement of
i the strike and remain off the streets as
much as possible. .'-.*
Auton.Musil, mingling with a mob t on
1 Broadway, was chased into his saloon
; by soldiers and received three bayonet
wounds in the head. Musil shut the
j door of his place, but his- pursuers
; broke down the door and, meeting with
I a show of resistance, used their weap
! ons. Another -riot was started at the
street car barns near Bolton and
| Quincy streets about 10 o'clock. Fif
; teen hundred men were assembled and
j Indulged in the. usual stone throwing.
i They were dispersed and ten of them
{ arrested. 'f; f 3 . >"- v
Ralph B. Hawley, the non-union mo
| torman who shot and killed Henry
Cornsweit yesterday, was arraigned in
! Police Court to-day on the charge of
i second degree murder. He will be giver. ;
| a preliminary hearing next Tuesday.
_.
BISHOP HORSTMANN'S
PLEA TO THE PEOPLE
CLEVELAND, July 25.— The citizens
of Cleveland, among whom the street
j car strike is the chief topic of conver
sation, to-day added their comments to
j *he address issued by the Right Rev.
; Ignatius. F. Horstmann, Bishop of the
j diocese of Cleveland. The utterances,
; of the Catholic divine, a man of great
j Influence among the people of his de
| nomination throughout Ohio, are re
• garded .as vividly expressive of the sit
i uation here, and it is expected his mes
sage pleading the law will be observed
and. the civic dignity upheld will re
sult in the subduing of much of the
violence which has made the past week
an epoch in local history. The address
follows:
To Our Beloved Children of the Laity. In
the City of Cleveland, Greeting— As the
times are so perilous in our beloved city
of Cleveland we are forced to publicly
communicate our sorrow over the fright"
ful events of the last few days/ No-mat
ter what may have been the grievances
of the employes of the Cleveland Electric
Railway Company, no matter what may
have been your. sympathy for the strikers,
after the outrages that have been commit
ted, after the terrorizing of the inhabi
tants of 'Cleveland and. its suburbs, after
the danger to life and property, which has
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
>" folio-red, after the violent resistance to
| *.b^ -constituted civil authority, it is our
sacred <? Jcy to rejrr*.nd ' jiu of all your
solemn obligations to Almigby God as
Christians and to your city and country
<as citizens in this emergency. It has al
; ways been our proudest boast as Ameri
: cans that we; have shown the world that
we are capable of self-government; that
nowhere on earth ! are law and order so
well respected and obeyed; that here, at
least, true liberty reigns and that every
guaranty is given for the full pursuit of
life, liberty and happiness. But now, alas,
what do we witness? Anarchy reigns.
Riot and rebellion prevail. The civil au
| thorities are defied and openly resisted.
! The city is terrorized by the mob and the
i militia, must be- called out to preserve or
| der: The fair name of our city as a law
abiding community is in danger. Business
• has been paralyzed. Visitors fear to en
; ter, our portals; our own citizens are in
| danger, of their lives. . . .".::
What then is your duty to God, your
. duty in conscience to your church and
your country? It is to uphold the civil
! authority, to obey the laws, to give no
I countenance to mob violence, to show no
I sympathy for those who are in rebellion
against law and order. Avoid all crowds.
Let no idle curiosity lead you to mingle
I with those who are thus disturbing the
public peace. Remember the words of
! the Apostle: "Let every soul be subject
! to higher power, for there is no power
! but from God, and - those that are, are
ordained of God. > Therefore he that re
| slsteth. the power. resisteth the ordinance
of God, and they that resist purchase
to themselves damnation. Therefore, bo
subject of- necessary. not .only for wrath,
but for conscience sake." i (Romans xii.)
Pray, therefore, brethren, that.peace may
be restored and dwell permanently in our
midst and that brotherly -charity may
once more reign among all. Prayer- is
' powerful and if offered up for peace and
unity it must be pleasing to God. For
the reverend clergy we - hereby direct
the collect "pro quacunque tribulatione"
to be recited In the mass as pro re gravi
until the present dangers have through
God's mercy been averted.
"Brethren, pray earnestly. Almighty
! God. despise not thy people crying out to
: Thee in their affliction; but for the glory
i of Thy name being appeased relieve us
' in our necessities. Look down mercifully
, we beseech Thee, O Lord, on our tribu
! lations and turn away the wrath of Thy
i Indignation, which we justly deserve.
Through our Lord. Jesus Christ. Thy son.
'. Who with Thee and the Holy Ghost livest
: and relgnest forever and ever. Amen."
Brethren and dear children in Jesus
I Christ, we exhort, we entreat, 'we ad
i monish.- nay, we command you •in the
i name of our Divine Master to barken to
this our instruction and as good children
(to cheerfully obey. And the peace of
■ God, which surpasseth all understanding,
I keep your hearts and minds in Jesuj
' <"hrist. Amen.
I. G. F .HORSTMAMN.
Bishop of Cleveland.
The feast of St. James, July 25, 189-3:
STRIKES SPREADING IN
GREATER NEW YORK
NEW YORK, July 25.— The clothing
workers',' freight handlers', newsboys*
and messenger boys' strike gained
i headway to-night. Leader Pines of the
Brooklyn trolley, strikers issued a state
ment to' the effect that the trolley strike
was .'still' on. -- '■ ■ ■ ■•'■■'
The striking tailors. of the East Side
swelled their numbers to 3000. Nearly
8000. were out in "the afternoon and sev
eral" mass ' meetings were held to-night.
SACRIFICES A
LIFE TO BLIND
INFATUATION
E. V. Methever Murders Miss
Dorothy McKee at Long
Beach,
THEN TRIES; SUICIDE
— ♦ —
The Slayer a Married Merchant
and His Victim a Popular
. Young Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-r ONG BEACH, July 25.— E. V.
I Methever, a shoe dealer of this
LONG shot and killed 25— E. V.
Methever, a shoe dealer of this
city, shot and killed Miss Doro
| j thy McKee at an early hour this
morning. The murder was care
fully planned, Methever meeting the
young woman and a friend while they
were cycling, and firing three bullets
into her body. Then he turned the
weapon upon himself, inflicting an ugly
wound in the head, but which is not
likely to prove fatal. The crime
aroused the community, and it ,was
found necessary to take Methever to
Los Angeles to prevent a possible
lynching.
Methever owns a shoe store at the
upper end- of the main street. Half of
the building has been occupied by S. E.
McKee and his wife and daughter.
Thrown together in this way, a friend
ship sprang up between Methever and
the McKees, and of late Methever has
been attentive to Miss Dorothy. He
taught her to ride a • bicycle and in
many ways evinced a decided prefer,
ence for her society. He was known
to be a married man, his wife living in
San Miguel, and as he was some thirty
years older than the girl, it was sup
posed he entertained no warmer feeling
for her than friendship. So far as can
now be learned, he never intimated to
her that she. had awakened his love,
but friends can now remember many
signs which tend to prove that he had
been passionately devoted to her for
some time. *'. ,-
A few weeks ago Miss McKee became
acquainted with I. Baker, one of the
young men about town, and the two
soon became warm friends. Last night
they went for, a bicycle ride on the
beach, accompanied by , a visiting
friend, Mrs. Scudder of Los Angeles.
The party were t put some time and on
returning to th? house took lunch to
gether. Methevef's room was so neat
that he could easily hear their merry
making, and it is supposed that it
fanned his jealousy into a flame.
This morning the two ladies arose
early and went for another ride on the
beach. After wheeling about a mile
west from the main wharf they started
to return, and found Methever ap
proaching on his wheel. They ap
proached him without a thought of
fear. He did not say a word, but de
liberately ran into the wheel upon
which Miss Dorothy was riding. As
I she dismounted in surprise at his ac-
I tion, he drew a revolver and fired three,
shots at close range, all of them taking
I effect. One passed through the head
| and two through the body, causing al
i most instant death. He then turned
! the -weapon upon himself, the ball en
! tering in front of the right ear and
i coming out at the eye. A citizen named
Hawthorne happened to be near and
disarmed him, but he drew a second
revolver and attempted to make sure
of his work. He fell unconscious be
fore he could fire tbe second shot.
All this was done without Methever
or the women having. spoken a word
and with a calmness and deliberation
on the part of the man which showed
that the tragedy had been carefully
planned. All passed so quickly that
! Mrs. Scudder hardly realized what was
occurring until she saw her friend fall.
; Her screams soon brought a crowd to
| the scene.
The body of the girl was tenderly
I cared for, while her murderer was
I dumped down in the harness room of a
! livery stable •to recover consciousness
!at his leisure. An examination made
j later developed the fact that his wound
j was not dangerous and his physicians
hope to have him ready for a speedy
trial. *•.";■■;,■ „,
Feeling ran so high here this after,
noon when it was learned that Meth
ever would recover that it was deemed
best to take him to Los Angeles for
safe keeping.- If he had not been such
a pitiful sight, with his facetoftn by
j the bullet, the crowd never would have
; allowed him to be brought from the
i beach.
Miss McKee was'a modest and unas
' suming girl of more than the usual
charms of person and manner, and was
very popular among the young- people
of the place. ";'.",';;V,; :. :JA
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict
of premeditated murder against Meth
ever this afternoon.
© ♦ © ♦ © ♦ <•*■> *-**- • -+-9-+-Q-+-9-+-9
Three thousand more men are expected
to quit work in Brooklyn this week.
One thousand freight handlers em
ployed in the .Pennsylvania yards in
j Jersey City decided to-day to go on a
! strike at noon to-morrow for an In
| crease from 17 to 20 cents an hour. This
j will Increase the number of striking
I freight handlers to 2500.
A big meeting of the messenger boys'
who went on a strike in the offices of
I the American District: Telegraph, and
i Postal Telegraph companies was held
| to-night at the corner of Cortlandt apd
I Church' streets and their grievances dis
cussed.
Manager Wilson of the Postal Tele
graph Company said that' only 150 of
his 550 messengers had struck.: Man
ager Banks of the American ■; District
Company said that his office had suf
fered no inconvenience.'.
Hansen Cannot Survive.
MILL VALLEY.. July 25.— George Han
sen* the man shot by; Henry ; Collins, ral
lied slightly this evening, but, the chances
for r his recovery are said' to be about one
in fifty. It is believed he is"! bleeding in
ternally as a result of his wound.
CANADA INSISTS ON A
PORT ON LYNN CANAL
Backed by Great Britain, the Dominion Gov
ernment Clamors for Arbitration of the
Boundary Dispute.
OTTAWA, Ont., July What ls
now suggested as a basis of set
tlement of the Alaska boundary
difficulties— cession to Canada of
a free port on Lynn Canal —
would probably prove acceptable to
the Dominion Government.
While.the boundary question was
before the joint high commission in
Washington the negotiations narrowed
down to this very proposition, which
was at first accepted by the American
Commissioners, but subsequently they
refused to agree to it, and pourparlers
were not resumed on those lines.
"While we have every faith in the
justice of Canada's contention," said
my informant, a high authority, "we
must not expect to obtain a full meas
ure of our rights, any more than we
could possibly acquiesce in the extreme
claims of our neighbors. We are assur-
PYRAMID HARBOR, DEMANDED BY . CANADA.
This would give the Dominion Government a free port on Lynn Canal, leading to the Yukon country.
Ed that a correct delimitation of \ the
boundary under the terms of the Rus
sian treaty of 1825 would establish the
line miles outside of the head of tide
water on Lynn Canal. We have always
been prepared to compromise on any
basis which will give us a port there.
"What we object to is an arrange
ment which would shut us off from
communication with the interior, mak
ing our Yukon possessions .a veritable
hinterland. • Short of ■ possessions for
commercial purposes of a port on Lynn
Canal, from which there is already part
communication by rail to the head of
Yukon navigation, Canada cannot be
expected to accede to a relinquishment
of her claim. It will be either that or
a reference- to arbitration. Any fair
arbitration will suit us."
LONDON, July 26.— The Daily Mail
this morning, in a rather strong editor
ial on the Alaskan boundary, dispute,
contends that the interpretation of the
treaty is pre-eminently a matter for ar
bitration. ...• " _ : V. 'J/- 1 -''- *
"Yet," says the Daily Mail, "the
United States declines to arbitrate sim
ply because the political pressure from
the Pacific Coast States is so strong
that the President fears that his re-elec
tion might be endangered if he took the
just course. We would hot be misun
derstood. Canada asks no concessions,
but only for what she considers her
own by right, and she is so confident
of her case' that she Is ready to go be
fore any international tribunal. Recip
rocal concessions are talked of. but
why should Canada pay a high price
for what seems to be her own.
"Whenever the United States has pro
posed arbitration of any dispute Eng
land has invariably acceded. Why
should the United States to-day hang
back unless they think that their case
is weak? The United States has the
reputation of being hard bargainers.
That is all very well, and we have often
made concessions to them simply be
cause we did not desire to quarrel over
trifles, but here the vital interests of
Canada are concerned and it must be
clearly understood that we cannot sac
rifice Canada. We want justice and an
open. port or two if not justice."
LYNN CANAL THE
BONE OF CONTENTION
WASHINGTON, July ? 25.— At the
meeting of \ the Cabinet, to-day there
'was a general cleaning up of little odds
and ends preparatory to the President's
departure to-morrow. The : main [ topic
discussed / was the Alaskan- boundary
line dispute. .
Secretary Hay explained the status
of the" direct negotiations now in prog
ress ' between himself and . Mr. Tower,
the British , Charge, and said : he ," was
not without hope that, this vexed prob
Special Kspatch to The Call.
lem would be solved by direct negotia
tion. Great Britain now seems willing
to consider the proposal of the United
States to give Canada the privilege of
a port of entry into the Dominion, while*
retaining absolute sovereignty over the
Lynn Canal, and it is around this sort
of a proposition that the hope of a set
tlement now hovers. ; - ■ ';' .-•
The speeches of Sir Wilfrid Laurier
and Sir- Charles Tupper came up inci
dentally, but no serious attention was
given them. The settlement by direct
negotiation will be the easiest as well
as the most satisfactory method of dis
posing of this troublesome question and
such a settlement, from the facts de
veloped at to-day's Cabinet meeting, is
regarded as by no means out of the
realm of probability. V; /
DEMANDS OF CANADA
ARE MOST UNREASONABLE
The United States Will Not Give Up
Lynn Canal and the Coveted
■ Ports.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The Alaskan
boundary question has reached a more
critical stage than at any previous time
in its history.
The Canadian Government has trumped
up and put forward the most absurd
claims and insists that the United' States
shall agree to submit the whole question
to arbitration and in any event give her
a free port on Lynn Canal, leading to the
Yukon country. _•,]-!>":;
Pyramid Harbor, commanding the Por
•cupine district, and the Dalton trail, over
Chilcoot Pass, is the port designated.
Speaking before the Canadian Parlia- '
ment in behalf of the Government, Sir
Wilfrid Laurier. the Premier, has de
clared that the United States must either
fight or agree to submit to arbitration the |
question of her ownership of territory |
over which she, with Russia before her,
has had sole and until quite recently un- >
disputed possession and jurisdiction for
three-quarters of a century. -
The boundary line claimed by our
Government is the same that has been |
given by every cartographer, English,- |
European and American, from 1825 •on
down until the discovery of the rich gold
deposits in the valley of the Yukon made
the control of some or all of the sea
port approaches thereto a matter of para
mount importance to Canada.
To secure this control Canada is insist
ing upon an interpretation of the meaning
of the treaties defining the boundary lines I
that will give her possession of Whites. j
Chilcoot and Chllcat passes, with Skag
uay, Dyea, Pyramid Harbor and other
ports leading thereto; also the lately dis
covered Porcupine gold field, and shutting
the -United States out entirely from tne
waters of the Lynn Canal, and that we
abandon our present impregnable position
and submit the whole question, with some
others not directly connected therewith,
to the uncertainty of arbitration before a
tribunal which would undoubtedly be
composed of Europeans naturally more or.
less disinclined to favor American inter
ests. This demand is not made with any
definite expectation that her claims wnl
find any real merit before the court, but
that by insistent contention she may, se
cure a compromise that will give her con
trol of one or more of the ports desired.
But to guard against any possible miscar
riage of her plans in case the court should
decide the boundary question on its well
understood merits and adversely to her,
she wants to bind the United States be
forehand that, no matter what the results
of tbe arbitration may be. Pyramid Har
bor is to be given over to her.
Secretary Hays' emphatic refutation of
this proposal was the cause of Premier
Laurier's belligerent utterance*. How
ever, the astute and practical diplomats
of Grsat Britain may get the better of us
in the end, it is very certain that such
an attitude on the part of- the Canadian
Government will not tend to promote a
spirit of concession on our 'part. ,
The United States acquired and holds
title to Alaska by the treaty of cession
from Russia, •■ made March 30, 1567, in
which the limits and boundaries of the
territory ceded were given in the exact'
words and . terms of the Anglo-Russian
treaty of 1825. by which | the boundaries
between the Russian possessions in the
northwestern, part of this Continent,
known as Russian America, and the
British possessions adjoining them, were,
set forth and defined. The whole ques
tion hinges on the interpretation of the
meaning of the 'language of that part of
the treaty which relates to the boundary
along the southeastern part or panhandle
of Alaska, which is as follows: ■:■ "Com
mencing, from, the southernmost point of
the island called Prince of Wales Island,
which point lies in | the parallel of 54 de
grees 40 minutes north latitude, and be
tween the 131 st and 133 d degrees of west
longitude, Greenwich' meridian, the said
line shall ascend to the north along the
channel called Portland Canal as far* as
the point of the continent where it strikes
the 56th degree of north latitude. From
this last-mentioned point the; line of de
marcation shall follow the summit of the
mountains situated parallel to the coast
as far as the. point of Intersection of the •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
141 st degree of west longitude (of th©
same meridian, Greenwich), and finally
from the said point of intersection the
said meridian of the 141 st degree in Its
prolongation to the frozen ocean.
"With reference to the line of demarca
tion as laid down in the preceding article
it is understood:
"First— That the island called Prince of
Wales Island shall belong wholly to
Russia, (now by this cession to the United
States). -;.-.„ •; -. '•.-.--
"Second — That whenever the summit of
the mountains, which extend in a direc
tion parallel to the coast from the 55th de
gree of north latitude to tbe point of In
tersection of the 141 st degree of west lon
gitude, shall prove to be more than ten
marine leagues from the ocean, the limit
between the British possessions and the
line of coast which is to belong to Russia,
as above mentioned (that Is to say the
limit to the possessions as ceded by this
convention) shall be formed by a line
parallel to the winding of the coast and
which shall never exceed the distance 6E
ten marine leagues therefrom (west
limit").
From 1525, the date of the Anglo-Russian
treaty,, until the discovery of gold in the
Yukon Valley in the 'SO's, no attempt was
ever made on the part of either Great
Britain or Canada to call into question the
interpretation put upon the meaning of
the language of the treaty as given above
by every map maker and geographical
authority on either side of the Atlantic,
who have invariably drawn the line at
not more than ten marine leagues from
shore, where the salt water of the ocean
washes the continent. *V- ■/'-"■
Lately, however, the Canadians have
insisted upon and shown upon their offi
cial maps the boundary line as running
ten marine leagues from the outer edge
of the chain of Islands skirting the coast.
This contention, if admitted, will shut the
United States entirely out of Lynn Canal
and give Canada all the ports thereon
leading to the Yukon country.
PINES SAYS THE STRIKE
IS NOT A FAILURE
NEW YORK, July 25.— District Mas
ter Workman James Pines of District
Assembly No. 75, Knights of Labor
leader in the Brooklyn street car strike,
issued the following statement to-day:
This strike was forced upon the men by
the president of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit Company. It will be continued
for the reason that it, has the sympathy
of ! all the labor organizations, not . only
in Now York, but in the entire countrj.
The unions in .'Greater New York have
shown their sympathy and \ support by
their willingness to contribute to those
who were compelled to sacrifice th.m
selves for their fellow , creatures. It
matters not who the . men are who
will man the cars ln Brooklyn here
after, they must receive the benefit
of this - effort and therefore will bo
much. easier to organize than were those
who have been driven out. In their home
and alone they will be shown the benefit
they have received by the sacrifices of
those who. had sufficient courage to in
sist unon their rights. :;■ ;-. ."-V'-V* 1 '
The injustice of the number of hours
they are compelled to work each day is
so thoroughly advertised that neither the
Governor nor the Mayor can longer sit
idly by and not recognize the justice of
the men's claim, and the people who own
these railroads must see that if the mod
est request of the men had been granted
It would have been a thousand times les_
expensive to the corporation than the
thing they have forced upon themselves-:.
As evidence of this I point to the Coney
Island and Brooklyn Railroad, which was
run without interruption through two
strikes. I mention this to show that la
boring men are not unreasonable, and only
ask for fair treatment, and when fair
treatment is given those Riving it reap
the reward. -I will do always whatever
is In my power to assist the men who
have been courageous enough to sacrifice
themselves for their fellow employes, and
no one can make me believe but that the
fellow employes who have received the
benefits will forever remember those who
made such sacrifices.
The newspapers can claim the strike
to be a failure, but no argument that they
or any one else can use will satisfy tne
that this strike has been anything but
a victory for the men as the future will
prove.
In justice to Albert Johnson and the
public I want to say this: "Mr. Johnson
was, opposed to this strike. He reasoned
with them and pointed out to them why
they could not win and he advised th«m
to go to the Mayor and told them that
if the Mayor would act he could set
tle the -matter in one hour without a
strike. He also said to me that he had
no motive other than a friendly feeling
for the men who helped him to make his
money and I am convinced that it is the
truth."
BEVERIDGE IS SAFE.
Missing Senator Either at Yokohama
: or En Route Home. .. ','
' SPOKANE." July 25.— United States Sen
ator Beveridge of Indiana,- trace of whom
could not be had for a week, Is either at
Yokohama ' or on a homeward bound
steamer. John E. Steams of Nampa, Ida-'
ho, saw Mr. Beveridge at Yokohama about
two weeks ago, and the Senator told him
that he would ' come home on the first
steamer. - ' , -2
TO INCREASE THE SPEED
OF THE NEW BATTLE-SHIPS
Battleship Maine, in Course of Construction.
CAT. I; HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 25.—
The naval board of bureau chiefs, to-day
ended a controversy which has been pend
ing for some time in regard to the changes
in designs of. the new battleship Maine
and her sister ships, the Missouri and the
Ohio, by deciding to reduce the thickness
of armor from twelve to eleven inches.
This action was taken upon the recom
mendation of Messrs. Cramps, who sug
gested the change as the best means of
giving the battleship Maine, building by
that firm, the required speed and stability
made necessary by alterations in the
original design. The action of the board
of construction does not mean that there
was a mistake made in the original plans
which the board has been compelled to
correct. .
•Despite the published statement to that
effect, there has never been any question
as to the stability of the Maine on the
original designs. All calculations of the
Cramps and the Navy Department indi
cate that her stability will be perfect.
The original plans of the Navy Depart r
ment for the Maine and her Bister ships,
the Ohio and Missouri, provided. for six
ARGUMENTS IN THE
CORCORAN CASE
Robertson's Strong Plea
for His Client.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 25.— Attorney
Robertson, for the defense, arguing the
Corcoran case this morning, devoted his
attention principally to the attacking
of the Bunker Hill and other mining
companies, arguing that ; they, rather
than the State, are prosecuting Cor
coran. He took up the evidence of each
witness,, especially attacking that of
the Bunker Hill employes or persons
in any way dependent. Upon that com
pany.
Mr. Robertson spoke for over four
hours in defense of Paul Corcoran, re
viewing the. testimony, of each impor
tant witness. He closed with an appeal
to the. jury, to consider the' condition of
Corcoran's children and the wife soon 1 to
be again a mother, and if possible to
save them from the disgrace which con
viction would mean. He spoke longer
than he had intended, owing to the ill
ness of Counsel Reddy, who "was to fol
low. It is expected" that Mr. Reddy
will be able to speak to-morrow.
John" C. Bell, W. D. Ratchford- and
J. ,T. Kennedy, sub-committee of the
Congressional Industrial Committee,
arrived here last night to examine into
the Coeur d'Alene mining troubles.
They came over the Missoula cut
off, having stopped at Butte on the
way from Denver. - Th' 3 sub-commit
tee,, under arrangements made by the
full committee in dividing the work,
looks after the industrial disturbances
among miners particularly.
They came West to look into difficul
ties between the Colorado smelters and
employes, continuing on here at the
instance of Edward Boyce, president of
the Western Federation of miners, Sen
ator Heitfeld and others. To-day was
spent quietly by the commission in ac
quainting 1 themselves with the local
situation. The length of their stay is
uncertain, but they will be here long
enough to become familiar with- the
causes leading to the strike at Wardner
and the subsequent riot, which involved
-the whole Coeur d'Alenes. The informa
tion they secure will be the basis of a
report to Congress at the next session.
OREGONIANS OBJECT
TO FORM OF DISCHARGE
Through Some Oversight the Word
•■Honorable" Has Been Omitted
From Blanks. '•-' - : \
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The members
of the Second Oregon Regiment at San
Francisco have objected to. the form of
discharge because it does not contain the
; word "honorable." It is said at the War
Department that there are three forms of
discharge — "honorable," "without honor"
and "dishonorable."
If none of the words is used the dis
charge is considered in law and by the
War Department as honorable. It seems
that in the blanks used the word "honor
able" has been left out, but there is no
objection to having It written in if the
men desire. ■__ vf- . t '
WORSTED IN A FIGHT,
HE USES A RIFLE
"Gyp" Young Kills Caleb Greenwood
. at a Woodmen's Camp Near.
Fort Bragg. . ; :,
FORT BRAGG, July Caleb , Green
wood, a young. man, was killed by "Gyp"
Young at the Hollow Tree wood settle
ment, about fifty miles north of this
place, yesterday. After a fight, in which
Young was worsted, he procured a Win
chester rifle and shot Greenwood to death.
teen knots' speed., with a draught of 23
feet 6 inches. The Navy Department was
very anxious that the three vessels should
not draw more than that amount of water,
in order that they might be able to enter
every lmpora*nt port on the Atlantic coast.
After the contract had been awarded it
was decided by the department that ves
sels of greater speed were more desirable,
and the plans were changed with the con
sent of the contractors, so as to insure a
speed of eighteen knots, to provide for
additional machinery and for more coal,
and the plans call for an increase in the
length of each battleship. Since then the
Cramps have been working out a distribu
tion of weights in order to ascertain
whether the vessels would have a draught
of more than 23 feet 6 inches under the
new designs.
The department has, in addition to pro
viding that the vessels should be longer,
changed the caliber of the big guns from
thirteen to twelve inches, in order fo re
duce the weight. The Cramps are cer
tain, however, that this reduction in the
size of the guns and lengthening of the
ships would give them a draught of 23
feet fi inches or less, but in fact would
make them draw 5C inches more, or 23
feel I 1l 2 inches of water. The board on
Construction to-day adopted the sugges
tion of the Cramps practically as. sub
mitted, the only changes being that the
armor should be thicker in some places
BIGAMIST GWYNN
AGAIN IN PRISON
His Flight Ends. at Los
Angeles. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. July 25.-Dr. Walter R.
Gwynn, who eloped with Miss Eva May
Lake- of Fall River, Mass., on June 24,
and who married the girl in Dover, Me.,
was,, arrested to-day by Inspector of Po
lice W. H. Medley "of Fall River upon a
requisition and warrant granted by Gov
ernor Gage at 10 o'clock this morning. The
specific charge against Gwynn is that of
bigamy. At the time of his elopement he
had living in Fall River a . wife named
Josephine Decoagne, from whom he was
not divorced, although a suit of that na
ture was pending.' \'jhj ■ >
It appears Irom the statement of Officer
Medley that the girl, who it? the only*
daughter of a wealthy Fall River family,
left her father's home at 3 o'clock in the
morning. She and Gwynn drove to Dover
and were married. During the morning
the daughter was missed. The parents
immediately followed the clews, and, ar
riving in Portland, found the couple had
gone to Montreal, thence to Chicago and
Omaha, and that they arrived in San
Francisco on July 3. The following day
they came to Los Angeles, but later went
to Santa Barbara.
Under orders from- Eastern authorities
Gwynn was arrested by Sheriff Stewart
at Los Olivos, where his parents reside.
Gwynn managed to give $2000 ball, but
with his bride fled in a buggy across the
mountains from Santa Maria to this city,
arriving yesterday. He was to-day pre
paring -to journey further, but the officers
stopped him at the Arcade depot. The
couple had used the name of J. K. Ham
mond during their travels.
- Officer Medley, who to-night left for the
East with Gwynn, Bays that the parents
•seek to recover their daughter to save her
from further trouble and to give her every
attention. Attorney M. G. B. Swift of
Fall River accompanied him on the trip
as an adviser for the girl and to settle
the legal points, that the extradition of
Gwynn would become a certainty. ■"*,"'>,
YELLOW FEVER SCARES
CANAL COMMISSIONERS
Chief Engineer Bogue Declines to Go
and the Start May Be Delayed
• Until October.
WASHINGTON, July. 25. — Yellow
fever has scared off the survey party
connected with the Isthmian Canal
Commission, which had expected to
leave New York early next month to
make a survey of the Panama .route.
Virgil Bogue, who was to be chief
engineer, of this party, has, it is under
stood, declined to go at this season on
account of the danger to his party from
yellow fever on the isthmus, and it is
now doubtful whether this party will
start before September or October.
Under Francis Lee Stuart, assistant
engineer, an advance party of sixteen
men has already left for Greytown for
duty in connection with the Nicaraguan
route. Imbrie Miller, as chief engineer,
is to have charge of this party, which
will comprise altogether about forty
men. He has arranged to start with
the rest of his party on August 5.
The sub-commission of which Rear
Admiral Walker is president, appointed
to make personal inspection of the
Panama canal records, will meet in
Paris at the Continental Hotel, August
19. Colonel Ernst, accompanied by his
daughter, will leave New York on Aug
ust 2 and the rest of the party on
Augusts. :: . ':.;,.
Falls Heir to Millions.
-SEATTLE, July ' 25.— Finley, third
officer -of the steamship. Garonne,, now
being fitted up for a transport, has re
ceived word from England that through
the death of his father he is heir to an
estate amounting to nearly $4,000,000. ,
THE SAN EKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY -26, 1899.
and thinner in others than proposed by
the Philadelphia firm.
CONSTRUCTION OF OHIO
PROGRESSES SMOOTHLY
Telegraphic news from Washington re- !
ceived In this city Monday night stated j
that certain errors had been discovered in ',
the construction of the battleship Maine, ;
now being built by the Cramps.
The contracts for the Ohio, npw in !
process of construction at the Union Iron
Works, were let at the same time. After
the discovery made In regard to the 'new '
Maine it was feared that the same error
would exist in the Ohio.
Henry T. Scott of the Union Iron Works
was seen yesterday- and interviewed on
this matter.
"I think the 'Ohio will be alUthat'was
expected/ he said. "At present just the
frame is built. In our plans we followed
the Government design with the exception
of a superior length of twenty feet. The
ships were designed for sixteen knots, but
the cry is for faster ships, and we guar
anteed eighteen knots. The Cramps' plans
are of the Russian pattern and differ, from I
those we prepared. No, I do not think
there will be any fault or defect in the :
construction of the Ohio."
STRANDED MINERS
TO BE ASSISTED
Decision Reached by the
Cabinet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 25— The
Cabinet at its meeting to-day
considered an appeal from Fort
Wrangle, Alaska, for help for
forty destitute miners arriving
there over the Edmonton trail.
The Government advices re
ported that over 100 more cases
were to follow. While there is
no specific appropriation that
will cover the case* the result of
the decision is that means will be
provided by the Government to
get them to their homes.
The Coast and Geodetic Survey has
received a report from. G. "R. Put
nam, who is out with a party at
St. Michael, regarding . the recently
opened gold fields around Cape Nome.
Mr. Putnam says he cannot vouch
for the accuracy' of the floating reports
from Cape Nome. It is certain new fields
have been opened from five to thirty miles
back from the coast between Cape Nome
and Cape Rodney. There are about 2090
miners in that section, with their prin
cipal settlement at Anvil City, a new
town not yet on any map except those of
the transportation companies. One of the
reports speaks of $10,000 having been taken
out of an area twenty-five feet square
within a foot of the moss roots. This,
however, is not vouched for by Mr. Put
nam.. '■-. •
The survey has no very recent reports
from the more Inland regions, but it is
understood that the American miners who
were driven out of the Atlin district and
went over to the Porcupine country have
struck good fields and have already
spread out in some places to the east of
the British line.
Nothing definite is known of the recent
Canadian threat to cripple the American
coast trade by running a railway from.
Kitimat Arm to Dawson City. There is
no place called Kitimat Arm on any of
the American maps and it is said to be
certain that there is no tide water point
anywhere on the coast where the Cana
dian- Government • could get inland' with
such a line without crossing American
territory unless they came so far down
the coast as to make the undertaking Im
practicable from both a commercial and
an engineering standpoint.
SACRIFICE OF LIFE.
Many Victims of the Kotzebue Sound
Stampede.
PORT TOWNSEND, July 15.— Three vic
tims of the Kotzebue mining bubble ar
rived to-day from St. Michael on the brig
Courtney Ford, which sailed from that
place July 1. They are A. R. Kalwelt,
Milwaukee, Wis.; John A. Koehler, Fort
Wayne, Ind.; and F. W. Babbitt, Forest
City, Ind. They were among the passen
gers on the bark Guardian, which ex
perienced so many difficulties from the
time she sailed from Puget Sound until
her arrival at Kotzebue, and were among
the flrst arrivals at Kotzebue.
They confirm all. previous stories of
hardships, privations and disappointments
In the wild and fruitless search for gold.
Broken in health, spirits and finances,
they are glad to reach civilization alive.
They prospected every portion of Kotze
bue Sound and then headed for the Ko
wack River, prospecting as they went,
without finding more than a few flne col
ors. They say as the result of the Kotze
bue excitement at least 100 lives were sac
rificed, to say nothing of the large num
ber who . expended their last dollar to
reach the country and are now penniless.
«c
Military Road in Use.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— . War De
partment is in receipt of a brief report
from Captain Abercrombie, commanding
the Copper River exploring expedition, to
the effect that two j pack : trains and a
CENTRAL PACIFIC TRAIN
DERAILED AT A CURVE
Engineer Real Killed and Fireman Van Alstine
'I Injured in a Passenger Wreck /
Near Reno.
C LARKS, Nev., July 25.— en
gine and six. cars of the first sec
tion ;of the Central Pacific east
bound \ train No. 3 were wrecked
about .three miles east of this sta
tion shortly -after 9 o'clock this morn
ing, entailing the loss of one life— that
of Engineer Real— the serious injury of
one person and slight injuries to a
number of others. -■';"-■•
The first section of No. 3, made up of
Engine 1815, one express fruit car, two
mail cars, a Denver and Rio Grande
express, one regular express car, a bag
gage car and two day coaches, in the
order named,: and in charge of Con
ductor Burgess and Engineer Arthur
H. Real, left this station only a few
J minutes late, shortly after 9 a. m,
[When about, three miles east of here
! and, according* to some of the passen
! gers, while running at a tremendous
speed around a curve and entering a
cut just this side of where the track
' strikes, the Truckee River, the engine
left the track. The express fruit car
i came crashing after it, .turning the en
: gine crosswise on the track and landing
USelf; in fragments' nearly full length
:up the side of the cut. The next two
[express cars followed the fruit car, pil
\ ing up against the engine, and the bag
; gage car went rolling to the other side
of the track.
The two coaches, well laden with hu
| man freight, remained on the track, but
| stopped with such violence that all of
I the passengers were thrown from their
seats. Many of them received scratches
and bruises, but none were seriously
injured/ The fruit car was almost com
pletely demolished; the next two cars
were badly wrecked; Ithe Denver and
Rio Grande express car had its trucks
torn from under it, and the engine, ly
ing on its side across the track, was
badly wrecked. * v */ "
A wrecking train with surgeons ar
rived in about an • hour from Wads
worth, but in the meantime the second
section of No. 3 had arrived and a sur
geon was found aboard, who adminis
tered to the injured fireman and the
passengers in the coaches, among
whom were about a dozen members of
the Utah, Wyoming and Pennsylvania
Volunteer Regiments homeward bound
from the Philippines. Later in the day
another wrecking train arrived from
the west and the work of clearing the
track was pushed forward as rapidly as
possible, but it was after 6 o'clock this
evening when they succeeded in extri
ci .etii'i-, (he body of Engineer Real,
which was jammed in the wreckage.be
tween the engine and the wrecked cars
piled up against it.. /./X- ;<:'•!; -r"
When Real was found he still had
\ one hand on the air valve and the other
' on the lever, though some of the fingers
had been' severed from the hand. An
undertaker arrived from Reno this
evening and took the body to that place
i to be prepared for shipment to Sacra
mento, where the dead engineer leaves
a widow and two children. ('. C. Brown,
a brother-in-law of the deceased, met
'■■ the remains at Reno an" to-ether with
Engineer Hollis of Truckee, will accom
pany them to Sacramento. , ?"..<'' ;
: Fireman Van Alstine, also of Sacra
mento, was on the side of the engine
opposite ' that against, which the cars
piled up, and was more fortunate than
poor Real, but did not escape uninjured.
small herd of cattle passed over the trans-
Alaskan military road through the coast
range of mountains from Port Valdes into
the Copper River Valley, en route' to the
Forty Mile country. This report was
dated at Port Valdes. Alaska, on July 10.
HAD BEEN REPORTED DEAD.
G. F. Dow Returns to San Diego
Alive and Well.
SAN DIEGO. July 25.— G. F. Dow, one
of the San Diego prospectors reported
dead at White Horse Rapids, Alaska, by
a recent dispatch from Seattle, arrived
home to-day, well and hearty, after a two
years' stay in the Klondike. He reports
that Robert Steadman. a boatman of this
city, has made $100,000 in the Klondike,
and says there is no truth in the reported
deaths of San Diegans. He does not even
know the parties named in the dispatch.
Atlin's Gold Output.
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 25.— W. M.
Botsford. manager of the Merchants'
Bank of Halifax, estimates the output of
gold in the Atlin district this season at
$2,000,000. ■ ■
MRS. AUGUSTA STYLES
ACQUITTED BY A JURY
She Will Not Be Punished for
the Murder of Her
Mother.
CHICAGO. July 25. — Mrs. Augusta
Styles was this evening declared by a jury
not guilty of the murder of her mother,
Mrs. Catherine Schultz. The case has been
on trial for nearly a week and has been
full of hysterical episodes. Mrs. Styles
shot her mother because the latter dis
paraged to Belle Styles, a daughter; of
Mrs Styles, the character of her mother.
When the daughter came to her with
the stories Mrs. Styles was frantic and,
hunting for her mother, shot her down
on sight. Much sympathy was excitetd
for Mrs. Styles by the nature of the
stories told to the children by their
grandmother. When the verdict was an
nounced Mrs. Styles was nearly frantic
with delight and kissed her husband, her
daughter, her two attorneys and nearly
everybody else she could reach.
ALGER IN CABINET
FOR THE LAST TIME
Has Left Washington Until August
- I— -Meiklejohn to Act as Secre
tary Until Root Steps In.
WASHINGTON, July 25. — Secretary
Alger attended the meeting .of the Cabi
met to-day, but had no special War De
partment business to submit. To-night
the Secretary will leave Washington to
be absent until August 1, the date when
his resignation takes effect. Mr. Meikle
john will be acting Secretary until, that
time. ' _ „ . \
Mr. Root, the new Secretary, called at
the War Department to-day and dis
cussed with Secretary Alger matters re
lating to the department. It .was ex
pected that the bureau chiefs of the War
Department would meet Mr. Root to-day,
but at his suggestion the meeting was
deferred until ha actually becomes Sec
retary. Mr. Root's commission has al
ready been made out, bearing dato of
August 1.. ••:•• _ "
MAZEAU SATISFIED
DREYFUS IS INNOCENT
NEW YORK. July 25.— A Sun cable from
London says: The Paris correspondent of
the Morning Post vouches for the folio
ing: On the eve of leaving: Paris on his
vacation a day : or two ago. Judge Mazeau,
president of the Court of Cassation, called
at the Palace of the. Elysee to bid fare
well to President Loubet. - ' .
". The latter asked directly for Judge Ma
zeau's' personal opinion as to Dreyfus'
guilt or innocence. i. The Judge replied:
"Amid all the evidence submitted jto us
we did not find sufficient ; proof to estab
lish guilt." Judge --Mazeau has - always
been regarded as a strong anti-revisionist.
A. H. REAL; THE DEAD ENGINEER.
9 He was regarded as one of the 9
9 most careful and trustworthy man 9
9 in the employ of the Southern- Pa- 9
•9 cific. He entered the employ of 9
Seific. He entered the employ of #
9 the company in ISS4 as a fireman,.©
9 and was promoted to the . higher #
9 position ten years ago. He resided 9
9 in Sacramento. 9
He was thrown against the boiler head
and received severe burns and bruises.
The track was. torn up for a distance
of more than a hundred yards, and it
was difficult to find the cruise of the
wreck. . In fact, the trainmen and offi
cials present were unable to assign any
possible cause, but a railroad man who
was present said it must have resulted
from Improper-surfacing, of the track
around the curve — that is, since the en
gine climbed the outside rail, this rail
could not have been sufficiently raised
above the level of the Inside one for
the degree of the curve and the speed
of the train. Taking into consideration
the lons sections given to a small num
ber of trackmen to keep in repair, It is
not wonderful that. the curves are not
properly surfaced, and this extreme
economy, or criminal negligence, ac
cording to the point of view, is proba
bly responsible for the wreck and loss
of life, although the engineer was new
on this division and may have rounded
the curve at too high a speed.
The- County Assessor, standing by,"
volunteered the information that the
Central Pacific only had four or fiv-»
trackmen for a section ten or twelve
miles long, and the same railroad man
quoted heretofore said that that ac
counted for the fact that many of the
spikes were so loose that they did not
hold the rail within an inch of the tie,
and that many of the spikes could eas
ily be withdrawn with one's fingers.
Up. to .11 o'clock to-night the track
was not yet clear, but it is now. hoped
to get. the overlands east and west
started^ about 1 o'clock to-night.
CONDITION OF
SUSHITNA RIVER
Result of Capt. Glenn's
Explorations.
- .•■. — • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July Assistant Sec
retary of War Meiklejohn has received
a communication from Captain Edward
T. Glenn, commanding the Cook Inlet ex
ploring expedition in Alaska, dated Ty
conak, Alaska, June 26, 1899, ln which he
describes his experience in taking . the
steamship Duchesne from Ladd's Sta
tion, Cook Inlet, up the Sushitna River.
Captain Glenn says: - - ' "'.''-'- "V.-
"As a result of this trip I feel satisfied
in stating that the Sushitna River is navi
gable for a distance of nearly 135 miles,
which means practically a distance of 160
to 165 miles due north from Tyconak,
or the north foreland of Cook Inlet.
The only boat- that can be used
for navigating the river is. a
light, draught stern-wheeler with suflW
cient power to propel her at the rate of
thirteen to fifteen knots per hour.
"The results of this experimental trip
are certain to be of great benefit to the
entire territory. The latter in case I suc
ceed in finding an overland trail from the
head of navigation of the river to the
Tanana River and Circle City, which I
have every reason to believe from pres
ent information I will succeed in finding.
This trail not only will be valuable dur
ing the. season of navigation, but avail
able for winter vise as well, because the
Tanana Indians as well as the Sklttig Na
tion Indians ■ located at the head of the
Sushitna make use of it in bringing their
furs down to market during the .winter or
closed season.
"It would be of value to this section of
Alaska because, first, the valley of the
Sushitna River is very wide and contains
a large amount of arable land which the
season in this portion of Alaska permits
the cultivation with a profit to the pro
ducer, when there is a market for his pro
ducts. Second, because it is now known
that the section of country near the head
of navigation together with the range of
foothills lying between the' Sushitna and
Matunaska rivers and between the head
of navigation and tidewater, with the
small amount of prospecting already un
dertaken there, contains gold in paying
quantities. This gold has, so far as pres
ent Information goes, been found in placer
ground only, yet I have personally seen
gold that I knew came from the section
of the country mentioned of sufficient
coarseness and quantity to indicate to my
mind clearly that it will be, when de
veloped, one of the best mineral producing
sections of that portion of Alaska."
BRINGS SUIT TO ANNUL
ANOTHER'S MARRIAGE
J. W. McClelland Claims the Wife
and Property of Charles J.
;-... Ball. . , f
LOS ANGELES, July 25.— A suit' has
been begun here in the Superior Court
against Bertha S. Ball and Charles J.
Ball, her husband, to recover $15,000 and
praying the court that the marriage be
tween the Balls be set aside. The plaint
iff. J. W. McClelland, alleges that Bertha
Ball was formerly his wife and that she
induced him to place in her hands $15,000
worth of property and bonds and then
sued him for a divorce on the ground
of non-support and won the . case. She
then married Ball. .
Ball Is furious over the commencement
of the suit and threatens to sue the at
torneys of McClelland for Dlackmail. ne
is a wealthy man. . • . . .
Newark at Callao.
LIMA,' / July 25.— The United States
cruiser Newark arrived at Callao to-day.
AUTOMOBILE AWAITS THE
NEW CYLINDER'S ARRIVAL
Mr. and Mrs. Davis Expect to Make Up for Lost
Time in the Trip Across the
Continent.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS
SYRACUSE, N. V., July 25.— We
were much disappointed in not
receiving our new cylinder to
day. The express officials state
that it has come from the factory
through two comiynies, and the trans
fer has caused the delay., They expect
it to arrive late this evening. If it does
we will start to-morrow about 2 o'clock.
I do not believe any motor, has ever
traveled worse roads than have fallen
to our lot, nor has one ever had as se
vere a test. New York State roads are
a disgrace to an unexplored region, let
alone a thickly populated country. It
is a mystery to me how trie farmers
and others who have to "use the roads
in drawing produce to market remain
content with them. Grades have never
been cut, rocks are left to roll about
under foot and wheel, ruts to run
deeper, and things have been left gen
erally to care for themselves. It would
not take much time or money to make
all the roads fairly good and some com
fort to man, wagon and 'beast. I real
ize now why there are so; many knee
sprung horses in the pastures we have
passed. sT-.*-' 'r,f\
Mrs. Davis and I are chafing, under
our enforced halt, but will endeavor to
make up for lost time and make the
Golden Gate in good season and in good
shape. We now expect to arrive early
in September.
GREAT INTEREST TAKEN
IN THE AUTOMOBILE
SYRACUSE. N. V.. July '25 —When
the last express arrived this evening
there was no -cylinder aboard,. and Mr.
Davis was much put out, for he had
KRUGER STILL
AT THE HELM
Resignation of Oom Paul
Withdrawn.
Special Dispatch to, The Call.
CAPE TOWN, July 25.— 1t Is under
stood that President Kruger has defi
nitely "abandoned the idea of resigning.
I PRETORIA, July Amicable rela
tions between the Volksraad and Presi
dent "Kruger have been restored. The
conspiracy case against ex-British offi
cers has been withdrawn and- the I re
maining prisoners were - released - to
day. >; ;: ■■*.-,-. > : '-■■ ' r.: ::..:-.: .-.v. -
LONDON, July 25.— Reports regard
ing the resignation of President Paul
Kruger of the South African -Republic
are conflicting, but according to • the
best information he . actually resigned
his office conditionally. The Volksraad,
while maintaining its opposition to
President Kruger on the dynamite con
cession, has given its assurance that it
still has the utmost confidence in Presi
dent Kruger, and it is believed he has
withdrawn his resignaiton.
As to the difference of opinion on the
dynamite concession, General Joubert,
Vice President of the republic, and the
majority of the Volksraad favor can
cellation of the monopoly, while Presi
dent Kruger supports it. The minority
or the Volksraad desires to buy out the
company.
According to the Cape Town corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, President
Kruger's resignation is regarded as a
cute move to create a crisis for the
purpose of tiding over the interval un
til the rainy season begins. The cor
respondent says the Dutch extremists
ascribe it to a deep British game for
the pensioning of President Kruger in
order to allow the seizure of the coun
try - ' ____________________
CALIFORNIANS LOOK
FOR HIGHER HONORS
Protest Against an Armored Cruiser
Being Named After the
State. .*: :
NEW YORK, July 25.— A Sun special
from Washington says: A protest has
been made to the Navy Department by
people in California against the action of ■
Secretary Long in naming one of the new {
armored cruisers in honor of that State.
It is contended by those making the pro
test that the State is entitled, to the
honor of having a first-class battleship
named for it. ■'.>;?-.:";
It was said at the Navy Department this
afternoon that the people of California
would have to be satisfied with an
armored cruiser unless they were willing
to wait until Congress authorized the con-"
struction of more flrst-class battleships,
all those provided for having been named.
_— — «
BATTLE OVER TAXES.
Riots Occur in Vienna, Gratz • and
Other Towns. .
LONDON, July 25.— The Vienna corre
spondent of. the Daily Telegraph reports
the existence of a serious state of af
fairs resulting- from riotous agitations
against the new taxes and says that con
flicts have occurred .between the police
and the people at Vienna,. Grate and other
towns. -- •";;." - -'y;*7;
■:-.T-*;, ... ' *
New Transport Chartered.
BERLIN. July 25.— Vossische Zei
tung is authority for the statement that
the United States Government has char
tered for six months the steamer Siam
belonging to the Oriental Steamship Com
pany of Flume, to transport troops to
Manila. r
: — ■ ♦ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. SaJt
water direct from the ocean. . . '-. . » '-..'■ .'>;■
"Necessity is the
Mother of Invention/
It <was the necessity for a reliable blood
purifier and tonic that brought into exist-
ence Hood's Sarsaparilla. It is a highly
concentrated extract prepared by a com-
bination, proportion and ■ process peculiar
to itself and giving to Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla unequalled curative pcnuer.
w
been wired that the cylinder would ar
rive to-day. The express company said
that the delay was probably due to
the transferring from one company to
another, and that the box would be on
the night express.
To-night Mr. Davis said that every
thing about his automobile was ready
except the front cylinder, and that as
soon as it arrived he could get away in
four hours. His stop" here has been in
teresting to many prominent people of
this city, and they have manifested
their interest in automobiling and the
transcontinental trip in many ways.
The.carriage has had an endless stream
of callers, and ' the workmen found it
necessary -to rope off that portion of
the shop where it is.'
"We are chafing under the stop that
the broken cylinder has made neces
sary,"- said Mr. Davis to-night, "and
are anxious to again get on the road.
When we do we shall make long jumps
as soon as the new cylinder is limbered
up, and try to make up for lost time.
I think that "we will get out of Syra
cuse" about 2 o'clock in : the afternoon,
perhaps before, and take the old Gene
see street road that finally runs into
Buffalo. F. F. Brower.and T. D. Wil
kens have announced their intention
of going for a run in their automobiles
with us." _____________________
LANGUID,
TIRED,
WEARY!
**********************
-* ; *
* ************** *******
Such is your condition If your nerves are
weak. "Your memory is clouded; you feel tired
from no apparent reason; you have no en-
ergy. . .' . :'/- "
Or you may experience headaches or dizzi-
ness (Figure 1); you may have hollow eyes
(Fig. 2); a pale or emaciated face (Fig. 3); a
coated tongue (Fig. 4); palpitation of heart
(Fig. 5) ; disordered digestion (Fig. 6) ; torpid
or inactive liver (Fig. 7). Or you may suffer
with sleeplessness, constipation, nervousness?.
These symptoms tell you that your nerves are
weak; .that complete nervous prostration is
pending if something is not done.
You know your condition; what shall you do
to avert the danger that is threatening? "Taka
HUDYAN." Just as sure as you are alive
"HUDYAN will cure you." HUDYAN will
strengthen your nerves; will quiet them.
■• ••/.•;'■.'-.• You need not wor-
T—" ♦ ry; you need not suf-
MEN AND fee; for what the
WOMEN great HUDYAN has
An V I <"• X I *"*. done for others it will
crfp ' do* for you. HUD-
i-_n ,__■"- I*_1 *_ VAN will overcome
can or Write. _ all the above distress-
▼ — I—~.1 — ~. *" fui symptoms. HUD-
YAN will give a renewed impetus to the cir-
culation, thus giving a glow of health to all
pale and wan complexions. HUDYAN is a
positive and - permanent cure. -
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— 6oc &
package or six packages for $2.50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAK,
send direct to' the -.':>.■ - '•<■:.':■'
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI_
YOU MAY" CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. _V
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM of anatomy*
A (_) 1051 -ASSET ST. te'.. 6-4?.- , S.F.W. i
_ r _T' The Largest An«toroic»l Mu»eiun in the _
a) _ii__'ii_ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
_ iff— 9K disease p. «itl*<ply cared by the oldest W
9 l_ft _S__ Specialist c a the Coast. Est. 36 year* * {£)
0 &__4_f{\ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
_ m _!■_ _ Consultation free and strictly private. _
A _jS_l_\\ Th r.ment personally or by tetter. A m
W I fir Wlf Pwt.tive Cure in every case undertaken. T
Ami n9 Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f A
¥ " J l'" MARRIAGE, mailed free, (AY
A <i 11' valuable book for men) \
J I>K. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. _,
£»R. JORDAN A i'O.. 1051 Market St., S. F. W
m^*.^^***,^^^ _A\%t ' m sm> m k%>^ %i <»8
Dr. R. L. Walsh
'«ffi^*EeW*__. ' 815% GEARY ST., bet.
jcgiiffT^'aaiga^ Hyde and Larkin.
fS "^^-§§=siloi' . Painless Extraction..
hJ^7 X « yTTtIT Crown's "°. ".*.'.'.".". '.'.'.
>iii V- y_Ji_\-> i '^ Flesh-colored Plates..
s " J ~^^  V «5.0<»
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN flrst prizes for
this branch of ; dentistry. . No students. M
years' . experience. '. ' . . .■■-:-
CDTTCUITC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Jjfl IJ _)____ ers, bootblacks, bath-
* ** lv *? *■**"""■ -houses.- billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour milU. foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, 'painters, shoe' factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. .
Brash __________?__* 609 S«or»nnßt» S-
\A/. X. HESS.
JTOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY--- LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Ciaus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S2l .California St., • below Powell,
Ban Francisco. ■ '- - ■'.'.'.■ -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and reno' ated. . KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
"45 to 48 week; $S to $30 month. Free bat_s; hot
and cold. water every room; (ire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. . - .
CAFE Ro!J_lll£i
Valises checked free.EPIDEMIC OF
LYNCHING IN
THE SOUTH
Troops Ordered Out to Save
a Georgia Negro From
Death.
MOB SURROUND A JAIL
Attack Likely to Be Made Before
the Arrival of Military
Forces.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SAVANNAH, Ga., July 25.—Tele
graphic orders were received here to
night from Governor Chanler. address
ed to Captain Middleton of the State
military at Valdosta and Captain
Smith of Thomasville, to "report to
Sheriff Patterson at Bainbridge with
all your available men at once." and
"to act strictly under his orders." The
Governor's message is mandatory. It
says: "Go at once." The commercial
wires having closed, the message was
transmitted over railroad wires from
here and arrangements were im
mediately made for special cars on the
Plant system to take the troops. The
train will arrive at Bainbridge at 3 a.
m. The troops ara wanted to protect
the Sheriff and the jail against the at
tack of a mob that is after John Wil
liams, a negro, who is charged with
assault upon two white girls. Williams
entered their room while they were
asleep and had seized one of the girls,
.when he was frightened away. Many
country people are in town and they
ewear they - ill have vengeance if they
have to dynamite the jail.
The Decatur County Jail is one of the
strongest in the country. An attack
upon it before the arrival of the troops
is possible. At 11:30 o'clock the mob
had surrounded the jail and called for
Williams.
BODY OF A NEGRO
CUT INTO STRIPS
ATLANTA, Ga., July 25.— special to
the Journal from Brinson, Ga,, says:
Charles Mack, the leader of the gang
that has been robbing and assaulting
women in this vicinity, was lynched at
Saffold to-day and his body cut into
hundreds of pieces. Mack, after having
been identified, was taken to the big
oak tree near the Ogeltree home, on
which Sammins met his death, and
strung up. As his feet left the ground
hundreds of shots from the mob were
fired into his body. After he was dead
he was taken down and his body cut
Into small pieces and distributed among
the mob, which numbered 200 or 300.
Mack led Sammins into the Ogeltree
home, and, after robbing the inmates,
assaulted Mrs. Ogeltree in her hus
band's presence.
COLORED INCENDIARY
HANGED BY A MOB
HOUSTON, Tex., July Two weeks
ago a negro was lynched in Grimes
County. Last night a church at Fuqua
Prairie was burned by an incendiary.
Suspicion -fell on John and Randall
Hamilton,. "negroes. The latter was first
found, and with a rope around his neck
he confessed that John burned the
church. John- was found at his home,
and his answer to a demand to sur
render was a volley of buckshot. Van
Weght being fatally and Tuck Moody
slightly wounded. The negro escaped
badly wounded, but was recaptured to
day at noon and at once strung up.
No further trouble is expected. Re
venge for a former lynching, it is
thought, was the motive of the incen
. diary.
Killed by a Posse.
LEESBURG, Ga., July 25.— An un
known negro was shot and killed in a
"•remote part of this county yesterday
by a posse composed of three men. The
negro was in hiding in that vicinity,
and was thought to be a member of the
Bainbridge gang.
CHILDREN LOST ON
MOUNT TAMALPAIS
Found 'at Midnight by Walter
Scholl's St. Bernard
Dog.
MILL' VALLEY, July 25.— While
Constable McDonald was walking
homeward at 11 o'clock last night a
woman rushed up to him and hysteric
ally proclaimed that her two little girls
were lost. • She gave her name as Rodg
ers air l said that she had come from
fian Francisco .yesterday and rented
_he Tipping cottage. Late hi the after
uoon her two little girls, one aged 12
and the other 5. had' started for a walk
tip. Mount Tamalpais and they had not
yet returned. She besought the officer
to go in search of them without loss of
time. ' . .
Running to the schoolhouse McDon
ald sounded the alarm bell and in a few
minutes- almost the whole male popu
lation of the town responded. Dividing
into parties the citizens procured lan
terns and began the search for the chil
dren. In the meantime Walter Scholl,
who has charge of the mountain ob
servatory*, was notified by telephone
and sen? his St. Bernard dog out to aid
in the search.
For an hour the women of the com
munity, who were trying to console the
anxious mother, watched the lantern
signals passing between the searching
parties. At midnight the St. Bernard
discovered the children halfway up the
mountain, near the water tanks. They
had wandered around for six hours
and, becoming exhausted, laid down
and cried themselves to sleep. The
barking of the noble animal drew one
of the parties, headed by Dr. John J.
Spottlswood, to the scene, and the chil
dren were soon restored to their moth
er's arms.
SB
BICYCLIST INJURED.
Knocked Down by a Wagon and Will
Probably Die.
LOS ANGELES. July 25.— 8y colliding
with a delivery wagon Frank Brown, a
bicyclist, aged IK. received injuries to-day
that may prove fatal.
The driver of the wagon, L. S. Robin
son, says he was driving slowly when
veiling Brown dashed around a corner on
his wheel and collided violently with the
wagon. ■ ) —
Rates Restored.
CHICAGO, July 25.— At a meeting of the
passenger representatives of the Chicago
roads to-day it was agreed to restore im
mediately all cut rates from the North
Pacific coast to Chicago. v-. ::v
» st. » ■_. C:- :
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
' TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
MOVTLLE— Arrived July 2&— Stmr Furnessla,
from New Tork, for- Glas/row. __J
OH, RUN, YOU LITTLE CANNIBAL, HERE COMES THE BOGEY MAN !
THE EXAMINER—Good Mr. Rainey, Protect Me From the Blind Devil, My Erstwhile Benefactor.
MR. RAINEY— Don't You Think You Had Better Conceal Your Limbs With One of Our Cheap Overcoats?
BENEFIT OF
A COURT OF
ARBITRATION
William T. Stead Says It
Marks the Beginning of
a New Epoch.
STAND OF AMERICANS
/ — • —
Conference Achieved a Wonderful
Success— Delegation Surprised
at Its Accomplishments.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
THE HAGUE, July 25.— 1 have seen
the American delegates and they talked
freely about the conference, but refused
to make a statement about the results
before the conference rises. The fol
lowing, however, may be accepted as a
fairly accurate summary of the views
they entertain;
The conference achieved a great suc
cess, much greater than the delegates
anticipated, and the result was achieved
largely by the amour propre of capable
men from all parts of the world, deter
mined to accomplish somethin worth
their assembling together.
The result surprised all of them, and
the magnitude of the gains is imper
fectly understood even by the confer
ence.
The establishment of a permanent
court of arbitration on the American
principle of revision, plus the French
declaration of the duty of neutrals to
recommend disputing powers to resort
to the arbitration court, rather than to
war, represents vast progress in the
evolution of human society. The recog
nition of the duty to represent to dis
putants the desirability of resorting to
the arbitration court, entails no obliga
tions on the American inconsistent with
their traditional policy. This is made
absolutely clear by the declaration
signed by the American delegation,
read in full at the conference to-day
and entered on the records.
Mr. Low was busily engaged to-day
upon the elaboration of the final act
recording the work of the conference.
Mr. Holla has achieved a position of in
fluence much greater than of many of
the first delegates, and Captain Crozier
is much admired for his plucky fight in
support of his amendment to the Rus
sian resolution of the dumdum bullet.
The returns between American and
other delegates, notably the English,
German and Russian, has been ex
tremely friendly. The Englishmen and
Americans acted throughout almost
like a joint delegation. This was due
to no arrangement or direction, but
solely because both nations found com*
mon ground of defense, common inter
ests, civilization and humanity.
The only point on which the English
delegates failed to support the Ameri
cans was the resolution forbidding the
capture of private property at sea. To
this the English representatives were
not opposed, but British opinion being
divided, the delegates had no instruc
tions regarding the matter and ab
stained from taking action.
After the arbitration convention is
signed, it will probably be opened to
the adhesion of all other powers not
represented at the conference on con
dition that no original signatory of- the
convention object. This right to black
ball any power wishing to join the con
vention was insisted upon by Italy, in
order to prevent the adhesion of the
Pope, and by England on account of
the Transvaal. It is hoped that all the
South American states will come in.
It is the unanimous opinion of all the
American delegates that the conference
begins a new epoch and the good seed
now sown will bear a rich harvest here
after. „ WILLIAM T. STEAD.
«.
MANY POWERS SIGN
ARBITRATION CONVENTION
THE HAGUE, July, 25.— the plen-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
ary sitting of the conference this after
noon in deference to Sir Julian Paunce
fote, head of the British delegation, and
in order to secure unanimity, the Dan
ish delegates consented that the refer
ence to the landing of cables be struck
out of the list contained in article 53 of
the convention on the laws of war.
Turkhan Pasha, head of the Turkish
delegation, made formal adhesion to the
arbitration convention on condition
that Turkey's recourse thereto be pure
ly optional. It is understood that about
half the powers, including those form
ing the Dreibund, will sign the arbitra
tion convention immediately.
The third committee met this after
noon to read the report upon the arbi
tration scheme-proposed by Chevalier
Deschamps, the Belgian advocate,
which the committee approved and the
plenary conference adopted without
modification. The committee also ap
proved the final act and then proceeded
to consider the preambles and appen
i dices of the conventions and declara
tions.
The question whether Governments
not represented at the conference may,
by accepting the terms of the arbitra
tion board, secure the advances thereof
without first obtaining the consent of
all the signatory powers, occasioned a
long discussion. It is said the Vatican
has such a right, but the Transvaal has
not. The conference arose without de
ciding the question.
=
PET MONKEY THE CAUSE
OF A LIVELY ENCOUNTER
School Director Armstrong Mixes Up
With the Owner of the
Animal.
SAUSALITO, July 25.— A pet monkey
owned by Edward Huie. an officer on
'■ the transport Morgan City, was the
cause of a fistic fracas between the
owner and School Director Armstrong
of San Francisco on the ferry boat
Sausalito this evening. Armstrong got
decidedly the worst of the encounter.
Huie has a pet monkey which he re
cently brought with him from Manila-
He was exhibiting it to an admiring
crowd on the lower deck of the boat.
School Director Armstrong was in the
audience and, taking umbrage at some
body jostling him, tried to "get even"
by pushing the person back. This ex
cited Huie's indignation and he uttered
a remonstrance. One word brought on
another and finally Huie handed his
eyeglasses to a friend and pitched into
Armstrong a la Jeffries. He managed
to land two hard swings on Arm
strong's nose before they were separ
ated, with the result that the School
Director's shirt front and the deck of
the boat were plentifully besprinkled
with blood.
"Jim" Bacigalupi. the restaurateur
and politician of North Beach, is al
leged to have officiated as referee at
the impromptu contest. Among the in
terested spectators were "Mike" Smith,
the politician, and George Elder, who
was a candidate for the office of Su
perintendent of the Streets at the lat*
election.
KAUTZ'S ACTIONS ARE
CRITICIZED IN GERMANY
Allegation That He Ordered His Band
to Play Only English and
/American Anthems.
BERLIN, July 25.— Frankfurter
Zeitung publishes a letter, the writer of
which complains that Rear Admiral Kautz
when leaving Apia had the American and
British anthems performed by the band
on his ship, but omitted to order that the
German anthem be played while passing
the German cruiser which lay in the har
bor the crew of which was ready to give
the usual cheers, but stepped back in si
lence when the omission was noticed.
_*
DEWEY ENTERTAINS.
TRIESTE, July 25.— Admiral Dewey to
day entertained Fred W. Hossfeld, the
United States Consul here, and a number
of other Americans at a concert given on
the Olympia by the ship's band. Admiral
Dewey did not leave the ship to-day. He
will sail about August 1 for Naples.
Panther Killed in Ukiah.
UKIAH, July.2s.— H. White killed an
immense panther in the outskirts of
Ukiah last night. White has a pack of
fine hunting dogs, which drove the animal
from the hills into the suburbs of the city.
The animal then ran up a tree. White
fired and wounded the beast, which fell
and gave the dogs the fight of, their lives.
The panther measured when: skinned 9
feet 9 inches from tip to tip. ■ ...j*.
•*■- .■«.._ WK _* «._•. _*._- ->____
INGERSOLL'S
BIER A BED
OF FLOWERS
Simple Services Conducted
by His Life-Long Friend,
John C. Ridpath.
no clergTpresent
♦
Last Poem of the Great Agnostic,
' the " Declaration of the Free,"
Read Over the Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 25.— The funeral
of the late Robert G. Ingersoll took
place this afternoon from Walston,
Dobbs Ferry, where he* died on Friday
last.
No clergyman was present to conduct
the services; there was no music and
there were no pallbearers. The body
lay on a cot in the room where he died.
It was enshrouded in white and just
one red rose placed on the breast.
About the cot were banks of floral
tributes sent by friends, wreaths and
bunches of blossoms. The services were
held at 4 o'clock. Mrs. Ingersoll sat be
side her dead and beside her were her
daughters, Mrs. Walston H. Brown and
Miss Maud Ingersoll. They were very
much agitated and wept almost con
tinuously. Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Farrell
were present, and • Charles Broadway
Rouse, Colonel Ingersoll's oldest friend,
occupied a chair by the side of the bier.
There were some forty others present,
and they remained by Dr. John Clark
Ridpath, who, in a voice full of emo
tion, said: "My friends, it is my very
sad duty to read in the presence of the
dead the last poem written by Colonel
Robert G. Ingersoll, entitled 'The
Declaration of the Free.' This poem
Colonel Ingersoll had read and altered
in some of its parts only a few hours
before he was stricken down."
Major O. J. Smythe, who resides in
Dobbs Ferry, and who was a close per
sonal friend of Colonel Ingersoll; then
without preliminary words read an
other extract from Colonel Ingersoll's
writings, entitled "My Religion."
Dr. John Elliott of New York read the
funeral oration delivered by Colonel
Ingersoll over his brother's body.
This concluded the short and simple
services. Nearly all present then took
a parting look at the dead and passed
out. After they had gone, Mr. Rouse
arose from his chair and as he is total
ly blind, passed his hand over the face
of his, departed friend and said: "Per
haps he is better .now. No one can un
derstand it." Mrs. Ingersoll sail to
him: "The colonel wanted you to put
your hand upon his heart." and suiting
the action to the word, she directed his
hand to the left breast of the deceased.
Mr. Rouse asked what she was going
to do with the remains. "I can't give
him up," she said. "I can't put him in
the ground. I can't bear to think of it.
We're going to bring him back h_me."
The body will probably be taken to
Fresh Pond Thursday for cremation,
but this arrangement is subject to
change. During the morning there
were many visitors to look upon the
face of the deceased. ' Among 'them
were several old colored servants of the
family who had come from Washing
ton and took four days off and paid
their expenses to do honor to their
great benefactor. Among these were
two former butlers of the family.
One old man, who was a baggageman
on the railroad, came from down on
Long Island. Others came from Chi
cago, Syracuse and Buffalo. Many ad
ditional telegrams of sympathy were
received to-day, one of them being
from General Miles. Floral ■ tributes
were received all g * the morning and
there were two rooms full of them.
" A photograph of the body was. taken
this afternoon, just as it lay surround- j
Ed by these flowers. It took a three
quarter view of the face.
GENERAL NEGRIER IS
REDUCED IN RANK
Criticized the Action of the Govern
ment in the Rennes
Trial.
PARIS, July 25.— Ministerial
Council decided to-day to dismiss Gen
eral Negrier from the offices of army
Inspector and member of the Superior
Council of War, . thus reducing him to
the mere rank of general of division.
The motive for this exceptional meas
ure, so far made public, is that
General Negrier publicly used language
incompatible with discipline.
The anti-Dreyfusard journal Le
Soir attributes it to spitework on the
part of General Gallifet, because Gen
eral Negrier refused to attend the min
isterial dinner party..
The real cause of his dismissal was
that he criticized the action of the Gov
ernment and instructed the generals
whom he was addressing to tell the of
ficers under them that this state of
things could not last and that the
Rennes trial must be allowed to finish,
but when that question was settled,
the Superior Council of War would call
upon the Government to protect the
army against attacks, and if the Gov
ernment did not act, the Council of
War would see to it.
DYNAMITE TO DIVERT
STREAMS OF LAVA
One Molten Mass From Mauna Loa
Is Now Within Ten Miles
k of Hilo.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 25.— Port
Albert arrived from Honolulu to-day and
went Into the drydock. When she left
Mauna Loa was still in eruption. Three
streams of lava were flowing down the
mountain and one was within ten miles
of Hilo. The use of dynamite to avert it
from -the most populous part of the city
was suggested.
It is said a case of bubonic plague de
veloped aboard the Nippon Maru. A
Chinese died a few days after leaving
China. His body was cremated ln the
ship's furnace in order to destroy all
danger of infection.
As the Port Albert was leaving, the
Weyfield came into Honolulu, loaded with
horses and stores for Manila. The City
of Columbia sailed for China on the 12th
Inst. The Port Albert leaves to-morrow
for Seattle, where she will be fitted up as
a transport to carry cavalry horses to
Manila.
Sawmill Destroyed.
PORTLAND, Or., July 25.— A special to
the Oregonian from Cascade Locks says:
The Russell Smith Company's sawmill, to
gether with a store and mess house and
four freight cars loaded with lumber be
longing to the Oregon Railway and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which is likely
to be in continuous demand. It is a
panoramic record of the triumphs of
Yankee Doodle. The eagle flaps his
wings on every page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military life is pictured to the eye, from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the attention
due to his importance; the mess is
shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
heroines of the Red Cross service are
displayed; street scenes in Havana,
Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
the new citizens or subjects (which are
they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
localities and sees the tumultuous new
life, . without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage.
The Album is s"_xB inches, weighs 12
ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
United States, Canada or Mexico for
12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post--
age and packing. Copy may be seen at
any ticket office of the Big, Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. LYNCH, Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
Four Route," Cincinnati, Ohio. >
Mark envelope "War Album." '___£ ■_
gation Company, and 1,000.000 feet of lum
ber in the yard, was totally destroyed by
tire to-day. The fire caught from the
smokestack at noon. The plant was valued
at $5000, and was insured for one-fourth of
its value. The capacity of the mill was
50,000 feet daily. Fifty men were thrown
out of employment by the fire. The total
loss is probably $25,000.
POOL SELLERS ACQUITTED.
-.-■■--
Jury Decides . the Auctioneer Is j
Simply a Stakeholder. ££ , : .
LOS ANGELES, July 25.— The jury In
the case of F. D. Black et al., charged
with selling pools on coursing matches at
Agricultural Park, returned a verdict of
not guilty this evening. .
The jury accepted the view of the de
fense, viz., that when but two persons are
interested in a betting ticket it cannot be
considered a pool, the auctioneer merely
figuring as stakeholder of a private bet.
The attractive feature here is : You get your
moneys worth.
That's the whole story of our success. But
should a purchaser perchance think he has not his
moneys worth, there's an equivalent for him his
money returned. Either way, then, you are sure of.
your moneys worth.
For moneys worth suits now we recommend „
our all-wool ready-made suits for $8 with our
guarantee :
Money returned if you want it ; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS.
, Blue material — Serges and Cheviots some with green collar and
shield, many rows of soutache braid; others with red inlai 1 collar trimmed
with white soutache;. some made up plain the only trimming, stars on •
collar and shield; some with white or red soutache braid. Ages 3to 10
years. We have heretofore sold these suits lor $4 and $5, but they are
now cut to r>-nj' r v^ :
$3*oo.
(ife) s.n .wood elogfiffi
NjSgS/ 71 S MARKET ST. "x^tojx
Out-of-town orders filled write us.
CONVICTED
ON PERJURED
TESTIMONY
Friends of the Littlefield
Lynchers to Appeal to
the Governor.
WANT CASE REOPENED
Warrants Issued for the Arrest of
Witnesses Who Testified
Three Years Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, July Governor Gage is to
be petitioned to reopen the famous Lit
tlefield lynching case. Relatives of Joseph
Gregory, now serving a twenty-year term
in San Quentin for complicity in the
lynching of the vaquero three years ago,
claim they have overwhelming proof that
the conviction of Gregory and his com
panions. Van Horn and Crow, was ob
tained by means of perjured testimony.
Mrs. Gregory, the mother of the convict,
arrived here to-day with affidavits declar
ing that portions of the evidence were per
jured. She filed the documents with Judge
Cummins, who issued a warrant for the
arrest of Frank Hanover for perjury and
bribery. A telegraphic warrant was dis
patched to Santa Rosa late to-night for
his apprehension.
The arrival here to-day of J. M. Brophy
was coincident to Mrs. Gregory's appear
ance. Brophy is the person who, it is al
i leged, has be*n ot taining retractions by
force from a number of witnesses, to use
them for the benefit of the convicted men.
Brophy claims io have obtained evidence
that proves conclusively that the convic
tion of Crow. Van Horn and Gregory in
the Littlefield case was obtained by bri
bery, perjury and intimidation.
Brophy is accused of having enticed
Witness Doolittle into the woods and
i there obtained a confession from him that
I he swore falsely in the Gregory case. The
! "confession" was obtained at the point of
a pistol. Regarding this Brophy says:
"I first visited the Doolittle camp in the
I latter part of June and exhibited for his
inspection a number of affidavits from
many of the best citizens of Round Val
ley. These statements all questioned Doo
i little's testimony in the Littlefield case,
I and he finally admtlted that he had per
. jured himself and was willing to make an
affidavit to this effect, which he did be
' fore Justice of the Peace Jamison of
i Blocksburg. Doolittle was recompensed
I with twenty-five head of cattle for his
testimony." ',- .
Many arrests for perjury will soon be
'• made. Marshal Redwine was seen to hur
riedly drive out of town at a late hour to
i night with warrants in his pocket.
CHILD SAVES A LIFE.
Seven- Year-Old Girl Prevents the
Drowning of a Babe.
PORTLAND. Or., July 25.— Little Pearl
{ Legge, aged 7, saved her sister Lily, 3
I years old, from drowning yesterday.
' They are children of a laborer who lives
i near the river on the east side. Their
' playground was the flooded back yard.
where the water was ten feet deep' and
where their father had built them a
The babe stumbled and fell overboard.
Pearl instantly plunged in. seized her
i sister with one hand and grasped the
edge of the scow with the .other. She
had not strength to pull the' babe- up, but
! she held on and screamed for aid, the
| mother responding and pulling them both
out.
34
Tennis Tournament at Del Monte *
Coming Local Boxing Events* «
PULLS UP HIS
MOUNT AND IS
BEATEN A NOSE
Jockey Keenan Loses
by a Fluke.
— ♦ —
KING BARLEYCORN NIPPEDOUT
— ♦ —
CAMBRIAN WINS THE SEAGULL
HANDICAP.
•
Prince of Melbourne, a Hot Favorite
for the Atlantic Stakes,
Easily Outfooted by
Trumpet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NSW YORK, July 25.— chief race to-day
at Brighton was the Seagull handicap at a
mil*, in which King Barleycorn was a hot fa
vorite, with Cambrian second choice. At the
fall of the flag '!.■> favorite went to the front
and held the lead almost to the end. when he
was winning easily. Keenan pulled him a bit
and Turner came with a rattle on Cambrian.
Before King Barleycorn could get going again
he was beaten a nose. In tlie Atlantic stakes
Prince of Melbourne was i hot favorite, but
could do no better than second. Trumpet win
ning easily. Results:
Five and a halt furlongs— Reminder won. Ten
Candles second. Posthaste third.- Time, 1:11 1-5.
Six furlongs— Si Clair won. Hard Knot sec
ond, Donald Bain third. Time. I M 2-5.
Atlantic stakes, six ■ furlongs— Trumpet won,
Prince of Melbourne second. Flaunt third.
Time. 1 16 S-5.
Seagull stakes, one mile— Cambrian won.
King Barleycorn second. A N B third. Time,
: **■ - ■* A
One mile— lmperial won, Dan Cupid second,
Pins third. Time 1:45.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Winepress won,
Blaeawa second, Hanwell third. Time, 1:51 2-5.
ST. LOUIS. July 25.— T-he track was lumpy
and slow. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, maiden two-year
olds—Kentucky Farmer won, Lampwlck sec
ond. Leiosig third. Time. 1:11%.
Six furicngs. selling — Harry Duke won.
Fcurth Ward second. Ferroil third. Time, 1:16.
Five an! a half furlongs, two-year-olds—
Alice Turner won. Ida Bedford second. John
Halsey third. Time. 1:>59%. -.-'
Two and an eighth miles, selling— Chlmura
won. Kodak second, Jack Bradley third. Time,
3:,*2.
Six furlongs, ling— Barrisso won. Chiffon
second Necklace third. Time, 1:16%.
One mile, selling-- "dnralisl won. Trimmer
second, Helen Paxt third. Time. 1:45.
DETROIT, July 23.— Results at Windsor.
Track good, weather fair:
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— La Mas
cotta won. Triune second. TilUe W. third.
Five and one-hall furlong-3, selling— Sidbow
won Onoto second. Olive Order third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— order won, Yondetega
second. Pearl third. Time. 1:14%:
One mile — Dogtown won. Tony Honing sec
ond. Guilder third. Tim.-. 1:41%.
Four and one-half furlongs— Isablnda won,
Marie Orendcr: second. Hie Away third. Time,
:35V
Owe and one-quarter miles, selling Jessamine
Porter won. Sal [la Lamar second. Ennomia
third. Time. 2:07.
CHICAGO, July 25.— Weather clear; track
fast Results at Harlem:
Four ani* one- half furlongs — Lomond won.
Decoy second. Jake Weber third. Time, :55%.
(-in.; mile, selling— Prince Diazes won, I>eerlng
second. Marcato third. Time, 1:41%.
Six furlongs— lace won. Georgle second,
April's Lady third. Time. I 14.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Lord
7. ni won. Throe Bars second, Mary Kinsella
third. . Time. 1:42';..
Five and one-half furlong-; Lady Elite won.
Merit i second. Clara Wooley third. Time,
1:03%:
One mile and twenty yards— ilcAlbert won,
Papa. Harry second, Jennie F. third. Time, j
1:44.
MAKES A HOME RUN
WITH MEN ON BASES
Williams of the Pittsburg Team Du
plicates Eis Feat of
Monday.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....58 28 Pittsburg ...42 41 .506
Boston "el "ill .630- Cincinnati ..39 42 .484
St. Louis 47 33 .588 (New Y0rk... 35 49 .417
Philadelphia 48 34 .573 Louisville ...33 47 .413
Baltimore ...45 35 .568 Washington 31 54 .365
Chicago 45 35 .563 Cleveland ...15 67 .183
PITTSBURG. July 25.— Pittsburg made It five
straight from Philadelphia by winning a game
full of errors and poor pdays. The only feature
was Williams' duplicate of his feat of yester
day—knocking out a home run with men on
.bases. Attendance. 2400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg Is 15 4
Philadelphia 12 13 »
Batteries— Chesbro, Sparks and Schrlver;
Bernhardt, Fraser and McFarland. Umpires—
Swartwood and Hunt.
, ST. LOUIS, July 25— By bunching their hits
in thee fifth inning the Perfectos took another
game from New York to-day. Mcßrlde. the |
collegian, was on the rubber for St. Louis, and |
Dependable Drugs
All The
Time-toy
■Mi Night
Day time, night time all the
time — you will find the Owl I
Drug Store open, ready to-serve !
patrons with the purest drugs
and medicines. Medicines de- j
livered day or night.
Lola Montez Cream 65c
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's skin
food. Generally sells for
Cascarets ioc, 20c, 40c
" They work while you
sleep.'* Advertised by the
manufacturer to sell for roc,
25c and 50c.
Stuart'sDyspepsiaTablets
Regular price of full sized aqq
package 50 cents. • r T
Thompson's JSS", Tonic
Cures all diseases of the ncr- (x_q
vous system; restores the
liver to healthy action. A
household remedy for ner-
vousness. Cut from Si.
Pierces Prescription 70c
Well advertised to sell for Si.
Save 30c if you buy here.
JP'hst- RATE r*-|||
___=__-> 1128 Market St. <__=___
Tel. South 356. San Francisco
mo, _-/< „ -i...~.. rT_i Main »oo\ Oakland 1
The World of Sport
only in one inning could the Giants do,any
thing with his curves. Attendance, 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 9 1
New York 2 7 3
Batteries— Mcßrlde and O'Connor; Carrick and
Warner. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
CHICAGO, July 25.— Baltimore won again to
day because the locals could not find Kltson
when hits were needed. Garvin also pitched
cleverly except in the sixth, when he pave his
only pass and was hit for a double and four
singles. Attendance, 2900. Score:
Clubs— , R. 11. E.
Chicago 3 8 1
Baltimore 7 10 0
Batteries— Garvin and Donohue: Kltson and
Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE. July 25— Louisville-
Brooklyn game was postponed on account of
wet grounds.
CINCINNATI. July 25.— Cincinnati-Boston
game postponed; wet grounds.
"TELL THE AMERICANS
NOT TO LAY ANY ODDS"
Captain Hogarth's Advice When
Asked Regarding the Sham
rock's Chances.
LONDON, July 2.".— yacht Shamrock
left Rothesay Bay for Greenock to-day
to complete fitting out for her voyage
across the Atlantic, which will be begun
a week hence. Sir Thomas Lipton, owner
of the challenger, says the crew of the
Shamrock will be increased to fifty. Cap-
I tain Hogarth of the Shamrock refused to
express any opinion to-day as to the
yacht's chances for winning the cup, but
said: "Tell the Americans not to lay
any odds."
GREENOCK, July Elaborate prep
arations are being made here for the
, Shamrock's Atlantic voyage. She will be
: ketch-rigged and her hull will be
strengthened by a novel and especially
designed system of screw braces and
trusses. Her hull will be strapped from
end to end with heavy stays and screw
trusses will then be led from side to side
and screwed until they bear hard against
the stays. Similar screw braces will be
! led from the bilge to the deck, and when
all are screwed up the hull will be se
cured against all chance of working,
I straining or giving in any direction. The
j deck will be protected against the At
! lantic breakers she may possibly encoun
ter by a heavy sheathing of planking
j bolted to the supports below.
When all is completed it is expected she
will be as safe as a liner, and, unless ex
ceptionally unfortunate, she will arrive in
American waters in such perfect condi
tion that refitting for racing will be a
comparatively simple matter.
Del Monte Tennis Trophies.
DEL MONTE, July 25.— The manage
ment of Del Monte Hotel has completed
the arrangements for the first annual Del
Monte doubles handicap tennis tourna
ment on August 18 and 19. The tourna
ment will be conducted by the executive
committee of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association and the rules of the
year 1599 of the United States National
Lawn Tennis Association will govern the
contests. The hotel management will give
j two handsome prizes for the winners and
a consolation prize to be contested for by
i the teams defeated in the first and second
rounds. All the matches will be the best
two out of three vantage sets.
Coney Takes a Heat.
CLEVELAND, July 25.— Grand Cir- ;
i cult races were postponed to-day on ac
i count of rain. In the 2:19 class, trotting, |
j Grand Baron won the heat, Dorothea sec- j
' ond Pug third, Alii** Kind fourth. Time,
• 2:12&. Temper. Ezzell, Hazel Ridge, Pam- >
! lico Chief, Shadeland and Tiptoe also
i started. _ , __ x I
In the 2:23 pace Coney won. Bob Fitz- :
siramons second, Shade On third, Sam
! Medium fourth. Time. 2:13%. Wandering
! Jew, Beauty Spot, Maude Emperor and !
I Mount Clement Boy also ran. Only two
i heats were run.
Americans Visit Cambridge.
LONDON, July 25.— The Harvard-Yale
athletic team, with the exception of Fox,
who has gone to the Continent, visited
Cambridge to-day and were cordially wel
comed and entertained by the masters,
fellows and undergraduates. To-night the
team visited the Lyric Theater, where De
Wolf Hopper is playing in "El Capitan."
and the Palace Music Hall, where an ex
cellent biograph of the sports of last Sat
urday was produced.
Race for the Stewards' Cup.
LONDON, July 25.— At the first day of
the Goodwood meeting to-day Horace
Bottomley's Northern Farmer won the
Stewards' cup of 300 sovereigns. Nineteen
horses ran on the two-year-old course
(six furlongs). Including Lord William
Beresford's Myakka, ridden by the
American jockey Henry Martin, and
Richard Croker's Amerlcus, with L.
Reiff, another American, in the saddle,
neither of which was placed.
May Delay Fight With Sharkey.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio. July Cham
pion James J. Jeffries said to-day that his
fight with Sharkey was uncertain, as he
did not know when he would return from
Europe. Regarding Peter Jackson's defl,
he said he did not believe Jackson wanted
to fight any more than "Kid" McCoy did,
but that he would give him a chance.
Boxing Carnival at Dubuque.
DUBUQUE, lowa, July 25.— Du
buque Athletic Association was Incorpor
ated to-day. Among the Incorporators
are Louis Houseman and Harry A. Perry
of Chicago, who, with John Lux of Du
buque, will act •as directors. The first
event will be a three days' boxing carni
val during race week.
Lacerated by a Dg.
TIBURON, July 25.— ten-year-old
son of a milkman named Thon was
severely bitten by a dog while delivering
milk to-day at the Butler residence. His
right arm and leg were badly lacerated
before he could get through the gate. The
dog that inflicted the injuries Is named
Dewey and was the mascot of the First
. California Regiment.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
BOXERS WILL BE
BUSY FOR SOME
TIME TO COME
Four Local Clubs Ar
range Bouts.
— • —
NEILL-M'CQNNELL THE FIRST
— « —
ARE EXPECTED TO ATTRACT A
LARGE ATTENDANCE.
♦
Three Promising Matches Between
Amateur Boxers to Be Held in
the Arena of the Olympic
Athletic Club.
What might be termed an epidemic of
boxing has suddenly broken out here from
clubs having announced meetings to be
held within the next fortnight. Nelll and
McConnell will meet before the National
Club on August 3, and three bouts are
scheduled to take place in the Olympic
j Saved! By Dr. McLaughlin's Belt j
I _-___*iiii^ii^^^a-ii_-___ And Gratitude Prompts i
I -v^_r C^^e-% -_-^_Z=-. Him to Acknowledge It. jj
T » <-*s_^-_C/C^^"H_»^-^^C^ / ==:= " DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Sir: I suffered four years _\
T \ v \ O^^e^^^V^i'v /7<S->*-^ from partial paralysis, poor circulation. Indigestion, deranged "_
"■X _-. „ V j^\JZ^ a ____f___^^* t V^^ ,^ecJL7( *jty__.A,utT : ~-- -___• vision and sleeplessness: ln fact, I was a total wreck after try- "¥■
-X "*" ~\^** /_7i s_^^''T'^V^~^' i ' i i ;, -~ e^Lf =- _i^?^ , *v_?-- ' V Ing doctors and medicines with no relief. About a month ago M
"* \ __*_rYs¥ li S_y*'K''V'**M \\ If ,; ? __!^ l^-^r^ J purchased one of your high-grade Belts and wore It as direct- C
■* 'KSB^^ft/BMffi^w^ftA/*^ 7 fe "* , <'%J-"**S'^ ! i w rJ^^^' >r , V **''• I lipgan to improve from the first application until to-day ~_
i <*_■ K__^c-3MC-E^''<c_l»ts^^_^^«_f — ' Vt___l^t-f O"<2S *am a well man. cured of all my ailments, and recommend ■¥
■i s^ *- HcWeYißJPiig^^Hcgffi^ ,^•f^yrfyW ~f , "" Vl^*-^^ your Belt to all sufferers, for It saved my life. Yours very sin- -te
i ,^***^-^^lc*j»-'-nj^6^*?l^i '^if?ff'^_y^ i 'ifr'''i/Fl'^^^--?\ 2824 Bush st "' San Franci!!Co - ' i
I ~^^^^^^^^^tf 'Dr McLaughlin's New Method i
-X "-^____*^^^-**fT^:^e^^ r^**-s^-^^^^^.^^w^^^^^^^-^i^-^^^^^^^n^ v o*^ As is the " Life BlJ oy" to the drowning man, so **
*X r\\.V^,^^_^^^l.__^S __^-^ 7 ** i * *^s^ is my Eleclric 1 ? 11 to him -who is wrecked by dis- •*
_\ \\\vN\^^fe \S^^l^**%l SiK^^^^^O*^ ease and pain. It is the one supreme remedy with ■¥
C l^_^ > --$*^__^ , *s^____B^^vi!N_- the same magnetic charm as ever. Those whom It ■¥
I """ v^i_^2____i~*->e-^^' has cured are daily sending letters of praise and -X
c s^**' >:^$ ?^ ■ " " .. — thankfulness, and their words are the most convlnc- +
5 ing ever penned; they are genuine. This famous -it
-it Belt pours in a flood of Electricity to the nerve cen- -i*
"* ter, and through that reaches every affected part of the system. As a battery, it is perfect, and the most com- -it
__ fortable application of curative Electricity ever used. The reputation of the Belt is its guarantee, and it Is not *
X only a quick remedy, but a lasting one. You should try it. It will cure your Pain. Your Weakness, your Rheu- ■¥■
X matism, your Kidneys, your Nervous Debility. Why suffer? Your recovery begins the very hour my Belt clasps ■¥■
-X your body. It gives action to the blood, strength to the nerves and muscles. If you've used plasters, tonics or *
+ liniments, and these have failed, as they will do, try. nature's own remedy. *
I Call and Test My Method or Send for My New Booklet. 1
_t 4C
J* You can learn all about it In ten minutes. It is simple, but grand. You .can test It and feel its power, and w
i when you understand it you will want It. You will know that at last you have found vigor, health and happi- w
J ness. If you cannot call, send at _nee for my NEW BOOKLET. FREE. It is full of candor, full of nature's £
J truths and will help you. Call or write to-day. ,-vJ !: ■ . . \[ V -Jr
*nn ii a lImI Alinill 111 : 702 Market. Cor.Kearny, cfMce Hour.-* a m. t0 8,30 P m . *
* UK IWI fl RAP I 111 1 3. HI IN S. F.. and Rurdlck Block. Sundays, 10 to I. _
* ■Ulll Iffll til IflULanUUllkllll Cra. Spring and Second, Los Aagelei.. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. *
P**^bHt**JHe**-¥^ ¥-**¥** ********************* *»**»A»*ft**MMA*A*****ll
_i &
* Ingleside Will Test Betting Law «
»■ Boxing Carnival at Dubuque. «
Club arena the following evening. Presi
dent James' H. Kennedy of the Excelsior
Club secured a boxing permit from the
Supervisors yesterday, while the San
Francisco Athletic Club will hold its cus
tomary exhibition late in August.
The Neill-McConnell bout is expected to
attract a good attendance, as the prin
cipals have a large following of friends.
Two promising preliminaries have been
arranged, each of ten rounds, with the
privilege of additional ones, If necessary,
to determine a winner. The first will be
between "Jack" Kane and "Doc" Flynn.
and the second between "Jack" Ennis and
"Jack" McMahon. These men have been
showing excellent work before the ama
teur clubs.. As they are all boxing for
reputations, they should supply excellent
sport. • - '-^rf'-.-
The bouts at the Olympic Club are all
attractive ones, as the best available men
in the semi-professional class have been
brought together. F. Ast, who won in the
recent tournament after a whirlwind bat
tle, has been matched against R. A.
Woods, the last pupil turned out by Wal
ter Watson before his departure for the
East. Both men are clever boxers and
exceptionally hard hitters; hence their
bout will hardly last the prescribed ten
rounds.
Charles Vickers, who is a veritable
fighting machine, will meet George Baker
of Salt Lake City, while George Simpson.
a product of the Acme Club, Oakland, will
have for an opponent Charles Thurston
of the San Francisco Athletic Club, the
kindergarten of lighters. Members of the
Olympic Club will be admitted free of
charge to the bouts, outsiders being
charged a reasonable admission fee.
Geoige Dawson, one of the cleverest
boxers which Australia has sent to this
country, arrived here on Monday. In the
palmy days of the California Athletic
Club Dawson was one of the favorite
boxers with the members. Possibly his
most memorable battle here was with
Danny Needham, on July 26, IS9O, for a
$2000 purse. Dawson knocked Needham
out in the twenty-ninth round. Both men
are in this city and show little effects of
their experience in the ring-. Dawson has
been in the East some years, coming here
from Chicago.
PARDON MAY BE DEATH.
Nevada Anxious to Try John Han-
cock for Murder.
Strong pressure is being brought to bear
to induce Governor Gage to pardon John
Hancock, who is at present serving a ten
years' sentence at San Quentin for bur
glary. Should the pardon be secured,
Hancock will In all probability be taken to
Nevada and charged with the murder of
Dr. George Engelke and Peter Edmon
ston.
About "nine months ago Winifred Mey
ers, at one time the mistress of Hancock,
told of the fearful crime which he com
mitted in 1897 while crossing the desert
from Perris to Salt Lake City. Hancock,
with Winifred Meyers, met Dr. Engelke
and Edmonston on their journey. The
four formed a party and traveled to
gether. When out a few days Hancock
suggested to the woman a plan to kill
both the strangers, rifle their possessions
and carry away all that was valuable.
The woman claims that she attempted to
dissuade him from the crime but was un
successful, for the very next night he '
split open the heads of Edmonston and i
Engelke while they were sleeping. Ail ,
that was worth taking was carried away, j
the remainder being buried to hide the
traces of the crime. Hancock afterward i
came to this State and was caught in j
Santa Ana, where he confessed to the ,
charge of burglary. The Nevada authori- !
ties nave been collecting evidence of the
crime, and they now claim to have suf
ficient proofs of Hancock's guilt. '
MAY TEST THE
LAW THAT STOPS
THEIR BETTING
Coursing Men Pre
pare for a Battle.
■ — — —
TO SAVE INGLESIDE PARK
— ♦ — ;
STILL HAVE HOPE OF PROMOT
ING SPORT THERE.
♦
If the Courts Grant No Relief Prepar
ations Will Be Made to Open
a Park in San
Mateo.
The officials of Ingleside Coursing Park
did not abandon hope of relief from the
Supervisors in the matter of betting on
their grounds until the last moment. See
ing that further delay was useless tney
met on Monday night .to outline a cam
paign which will be entered upon with
extreme caution.
The legal representatives of the cours
ing men have informed them that if their
case is taken before the Supreme Court
it will be decided in their favor and tney
can then resume betting on the coursing.
The members of the "club controlling the
sport at Ingleside Park are loth to aban
don that field as it is believed to possess
many advantages not to be obtained in
any of the available sites. If It is de
cided to test the law a conclusion will be
reached shortly. A match race will be
arranged between two dogs and bets wul
be made on the outcome of their meeting.
The authorities will be notified of the'
proposed infraction of the law and the
coursing men will then submit to arrest.
They will be taken out on a writ of
habeas corpus and the case pressed to a
conclusion as speedily as possible. Should
the court decide against them the officials
will then direct their energies toward the
upbuilding of a new park. There are
several available sites in San Mateo Coun
ty near the county line which are suit
able for coursing. If no* relief is to be
had in this county the coursing men will
go elsewhere to resume the sport with
which they have been so long identified.
"FAUST" AT THE GRAND.
Miss Julie Cotte Makes Her Appear-
ance in the Role of Mar
guerite.
The audience at the Grand Opera House
last evening was neither so large nor so
appreciative as on the previous evening.
It might possibly have been that they were
reserving their enthusiasm till they s**w
how the prima donna, Miss Julie Cotte,
came out of the trying ordeal of her lirst
appearance in the role of the loving and
wronged Marguerite, and this supposi
tion received some confirmation by '.he
fact that after her prayer for forgiveness
in the last act she was greeted with a
burst of warm applause. She has a true
and finely trained voice, but It seemed to
lack power for the part. Possibly from
nervousness her low notes were not
rendered with sufficient distinct
ness. In the garden scene her
acting was excellent, and the jewel
song was given with the 'charm and
expression of a true artist. The other
members of the company sustained the
favorable impression they made on the
opening night. Winifred Golf was in
splendid voice and was enthusiastically
applauded for his solo. "When Far From
Home." The soldiers' chorus is on*- of
the features of the opera and had to be
repeated. There should be crowed houses
during the remainder of the week.
■ ♦ ■
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS MEET.
They Decide to Place the Ferry Build
ing at the Disposal of the Native !
Sons and Daughters.
A special committee from the Native
Sons and Daughters, consisting of Mrs.
A. D. Codington, Mrs. V. R. Bury, Mrs.
H. E. Faure and P. F. Mertes, waited
upon the Harbor Commissioners at their
weekly meeting yesterday and requested
that body to permit them to hold a recep- ;
tion In the ferry building when the Cali
fornia Regiment returns home.
With little hesitancy the board unani
mously decided to allow the committee to
banquet the California boys in the spa
cious navts of the building.
The tables will be set In the corridor,
which is fully six hundred feet long, 'Ine
commissioners placed the entire building
at the disposal of the reception commit
tee. The stone floors will be covered with
either canvas or sawdust to protect tnem
from grease stains.
The commissioners also decided to place
the Irwin at the disposal of the Governor
of Nebraska and his party on the day the
Nebraska volunteers arrive here. '1 ne
board adjourned to meet again next
Thursday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
— <—^ — — - — — . — — — — — _^__^— — — _, ,
MISCELLANEOUS^^
nas^cltarrh, asthma,
BRONCHITIS and CONSUMPTION
SPEEDY RELIEF AND RADICAL CURE.
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL CATARRH. THROAT DISEASES,
BRONCHITIS AND AFFECTIONS OF THE LUNGS, and all complaints
that lead to CONSUMPTION.
By DR. ABORN, 554 Sutter St,
All who are suffering from Catarrh of the Head— that loathsome disease,
Bo prolific of evil consequences— can be speedily and permanently cured if
they apply for treatment in season. There arc thousands of cases of Throat
Disease, Bronchitis and Consumption due solely to Catarrh, to say nothing of
Its less terrible consequences; Impaired Sense of Hearing, Smell. Taste and
Sight, the Loss of Hair and Teeth, the disgusting Effluvia of the Breath, the
Dingy Complexion, Dyspepsia, Neuralgia, etc. These are. in numberless
cases, caused solely by Catarrh of the Head. The disease afflicts thousands
who have never suspected its presence. Its symptoms are 30 diverse in dif-
ferent individuals as to often mislead the sufferer and his medical adviser.
The only safe and proper course ie to have an examination from a physi-
cian competent to make a correct diagnosis, and to cure the evil when found
to exist. Dr. Aborn cures this loathsome disease after the ordinary modes of
treatment have failed, no matter how severe or aggravated the caue' may be or
of how long standing. -ir- ;-v-. :
OVER 30 TEARS DEVOTED TO THE TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF
THE HEAD, THROAT AND LUNGS.
DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
Gives instantaneous relief, builds up and revitalises the whole constitution,
fortifies the system against colds and catarrhal affections and averts the ten-
dency or predisposition to consumption, and thereby prolongs life.
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST., between. Powell and Mason. San Francisco, Gs!,
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass tho door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot, comer Third and Townsend streets, transfer to
Powell, corner of Ellis; got off corner Sutter and Powell streets,
OFFICE HOURS. 9*30 to 12, and 2 to 4.
BAIXBOAI- TBAVEI*
Down East \
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.;
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Slee pers to Washington,
reaching all the health and ; >.'
PLEASURE RESORTS OF :
VIRGINIA.
.
:. L. HILLEARV, W. P- DEPPE,
/ A G. P. A., A G. P A.,
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
"c "
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LiIDSS-D-0
M FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferrjr, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO .TO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:38,
1:80, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at I:s*
and 11:80 p. m.
lUNDAYS— 9:80, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:80. 3:88 c
8:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
iVEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a.'m.: 12:43.
1:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— E. trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m.
lUNDAYS— .IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:49. 3:40. 6:08.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sehuetsen Park
•me schedule aa above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. '
■ April 18, L . -r- - ■ -.
Week Sun- 1889. I S"_i- Week
Cays. days. Destination. ' days. Daya,
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:19 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rota. 7:35 pm 6:80 pm
I Fulton,
TiMam Windsor. 10:26 ant
Heal d sou re,
Lytton,
Geyservllle. t_f;. vt;-
-1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:19 pot
f :80 am Hopland and 10:26 am !
8:80 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm I
_____ 10:25 __» i
J 8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:20 pm ;
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am i
«< iH and
8:10 pm] 6:00 pra Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 3:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:86 am :
1:30 pmj 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:20 pm j
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Iprings and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton '
or Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Iprings; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
and for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Celseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
eort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
iprings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Jell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
'otter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Jucknell's, Banhedrln Heights. Hullville.'
iooneville, Phllo, Christine, . Soda ' Springs,
.Tavarro, Whltesboro, Albion^ Little River!
>rr"s Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg'
Vestport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
fling's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Icotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at !
educed rate*.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points t
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 659 Market St., Chronicle bid*, i
I. C. WHITING. R. X, RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. j
rHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN i
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
>assen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen- ;
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. . Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm \
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
0:40 am 5:35 pm : Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm .
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford - 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am .
11 .-..9 ami 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
nquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St.. '
Lan Francisco. ;
IOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. '
Leave* San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899. I '
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. ]'•
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur- i ,
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even* '
* ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
lUNDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:39 ,
»- - .■*•' and 4 pi m. : •-
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return. 1140. •
twos COO*?.* SAN: A_ta.. 621 Mark-t at I i
SAH-BOAD TBAVICL.
«_>I'TIII.K*»( I'.ttJl'K' COMPANT.
(PACIFIC SVSTEK.)
errata* le»Te iiml »re dues to nrrlve a*
NAN nURCiW*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leavb — From June 25, 1599. — arbit*
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. ... 5: _3p
?>OOa Marysville, Oroiilleand Redding via
Woodland 0:45?
7:00 A Elmira, Vaeaville and Rumsey 8:15?
7:3Ua Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Itosa 0:1.1p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogden and East.. 0:1.*
»:!»«>a .San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, riacerrille.
Maryavillo, Chico, Uedßiuff *tiHf
9:30 a ■Milton, Oakdaleand Sonora 4:13p
■ •:30a Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese *tl"t>
9:OOa HayK-ards, Niles and Way Stations. 1 1:43 a
tiOOA Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Mesceaand Fresno. 12:13>
•iOOa Fresno, Uakersiield, .Santa Ilcirlnra.
Los Angeles. Deming, El Paso.
New Orleans and East - 0: 1 *> 1»
1 0:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:B.*ir
1 1 :00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. S:43p
lii.-OOK Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia.
PorterrUla 4:I3»
•IrOOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers *h:OOp
t:OOr Haywardfl, Niles and Way Stations. »: -3»
4toor Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Sauta llosa DilOa
4:0 Op Benlcia, Vaeaville, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysville, Orovillo 10:4.1*
4: Niles, San Jose and Stockton "ilSr
4:30p Yosemlte Sleeping Car for Raymond l-:l3p
•sOOpTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno. Bakers-
■ ; field. Sauzus for Santa Barbara.
.* Les Angeles. 0:43%
•iSOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13*
■ i3U? Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles 8:43 a
BiSOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 0:43p
MOp Chlcago-San Francisco Special,
and East 8:4.1»
•:00p Haywards. Nilts and San Jose ?:43a
•StOOp Vdllejo 12:1
7roor Oregon Express, Sarrameiito, Marys-
ville. Bedding, Portland, Puget
Sound and East 7« 134
{SiOOp Vallejo, Port Ccsta and Way Sta-
tlons..... 11Q.50-
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jange).
. (Foot of Market Street.) .
.. ITmßa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
■ ■ • Cruz and Principal Way Stations t*(:03»
■il3ANeWark.Centerville,SanJoBe,Felton.
Boulder Creek, Ban and Way
Stations nrr. Srßeßf
*9<l Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, ' -
' Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MO:3OA
4:13r San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions s. 0:20 a
MtlSr Felton. Santa Cruz and Way St»-
tlons / 0:20 »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrsaßlll railClSCO— Foot of Uirket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. (1:00 *S:00 13:08
•1:00 16:00 •6:00 p.m.
rrsBOAIWHB— root of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
113:00 •___ 12:00 *___ _____ •3:03 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
•Si lOa Ocean View. South San Francisco.. *6:80p
*7:OOa San Jcse ncccl Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only). «S:00*
(7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Stations {5»33»
•iOOa San .lose, Ires Finos, Santa Cruz,
PaciUc Grove. Paso llotilcs. Ban
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way Stations 4:IOp
!Oi4oa Sau Jose nod Way Stations 0:33 a
11:30 a San Joseaud Way Stations 1:30»
*2:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
.Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San J use,
Hollister. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey Pacific Grove *10:3Sa
■BiBop B»nJose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
Pri_cli>al Way Stations •7:80p
•4:13p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 0:13*
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations •8:83*
8:30p San Jose and Principal Way Statious *B:<>Oa
6i3orBan Way St-atlnns l»:30p
flli4sp San Joseaud Way Stations... (7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
• Sunday excepted. { Sunday only. t Saturday onl*.
tg-tnrrlty and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLL*
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND -REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 153 L
' OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. .
Commencing April 23. 1593, .-
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.>
♦1:45, 3:20, 4:00. "6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill' Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. •i.:00, *10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a.
m.: 1:00, 'IMS, »2:SO. *4:00, 5:30. 6:4?. p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:55. 8:40. "10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15, •8:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— -»8:00. •9:45. • •10:45, __'_*
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. «3:30. *5:15. . »6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO^
i WEEK DAYS— 6:50. . 7:55. 5:55. 10:3.
a. m.; 12:35. 2:45. 4.55. 6:20 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. "_««"■
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00, 11:10 m. 12:05.
1:20, 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m. .
' .THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta r
8:20 p. m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
6:15 p.' m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:41 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives .health and
Btrengtb to sexual organs. Oftooc 823 _Ux__-A DIG WELCOME
AWAITING THE
CALIFORNIANS
Meeting to Be Held on
Friday.
— ♦ —
IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENT
— *> — ■
ARRANGEMENTS TO ACCOMMO
DATE RETURNING SICK.
♦
Captain Ducat, Twenty- Fourth United
States Infantry, Will Probably Suc
ceed Colonel Plummer as Gen
eral Shafter's Aid.
How to welcome the California regiment
when it arrives is becoming a more and
more pressing subject with the commit
tee on reception of home-coming troops.
There was a meeting of the executive
committee of the general committe yester
day in the office of the Mayor, in which It
was decided to call' a meeting of the com
mittee of Native Sons and Daughters, rel
atives of the California troops. Adjutant
General Seamans. General Dickinson, Gen
eral Warfield and General Muller to de
cide upon some programme upon the de
tails of which the various committees
could get to work. The joint meeting will
be held in the Mayor's office next Fri
day afternoon at 3 o'clock.
General Shafter sent word to the meet
ing yesterday that the hospital ship Relief
might be in at any time. He informed Lie
committee that the sick soldiers would
nut be brought to the wharf, but would
be taken off the vessel in the stream and
•taken at once to the Presidio, probably
on the Government steamer McDowell.
The committee decided to send an offer
ing of fruit to the sick soldiers. Mrs. W.
li. Harrington and Mrs. Sanborn, of the
Red Cress Society notified the committee
mat the society would do what it could
tor the men as" soon as they reached the
Presidio.
The following movements of transports
was furnished to the committee by the
headquarters:. - '.-:•
Keh it (hospital ship) expected daily.
Hancock left Manila July 1; due here, say,
July ao. Senator left Manila July 1; due
nere, s_y, Juiy -30. Centennial left Manila
July "2; due here, say, August 11; Warren
left Manila Juiy 17; due here, say, August
lb. bnerman expected to leave Manila
daily. Grant will leave Manila soon.
the dates are figured upon an average
run of thirty days. The Hancock will
bring the Nebraska and Utah troops; the
Senator the Pennsylvania men; the War
ren die Colorado regiment, and the Sher
man or Grant the California boys.
.Major Gerard, surgeon in charge of the
general hospital at tne Presidio, made an
investigation of the men who arrived on
tne Inaiana Monday ln order to find what
men could be removed trom the hospitals
to the various camps. The question cf
room may become an important one be
fore long, although there is no apprehen
sion that .any sick men will go uncared
for. The results of the surgeon's examina
tion was that he found eight or nine men
out of the eighty at the general hospital
nt for duty and willing to perform it, and
as many more out or the three hundred
at the convalescent hospital. He counted
only those who admitted that they felt
well enough to enter service again and
whom- he found to be so after examining
them. • ; ' ?■'. -
the hospital facilities at the Presidio
have so far been ample, and the desire
is to keep them so within the present lim
its if possible. For that reason it is th<j
intention of the commandant to send the
men out into the camps as soon as tney
are in a condition to be removed from th.c
hospital buildings. If the patients should
multiply too rapidly, however, another one
of the brick barracks will be pressed into
service, or perhaps two more. In any j
event the hospital accommodations will i
be kept sufficient to meet any possible |
emergency.
Lieutenant Colonel Plummer returned to
Vancouver Barracks yesterday. He was
down here on business connected with his
regiment, the new Thirty-fifth Infantry,
the examination of officers and the mus
tering in of recruits, and this having been
completed he was ordered away. He had
been, until his promotion to lieutenant
colonel of volunteers, an aid on the per
sonal staff of General Shafter. His as
signment to other duties leaves a vacancy
that will be filled, it is reported, by Cap
tain Ducat, quartermaster of the Twenty
fourth Infantry, who started for Manila
on the City of Para about the 13th Inst.
Captain Ducat has in all probability been
intercepted at Honolulu by one of the
liners, and has been ordered home to his
new duties.
When the Newport sails she will carry
400 recruits and the Ohio 300, besides a
battalion ofthe Nineteenth Infantry. This
will probably be distributed between the
two transports. The following -officers will
acompany the men: Major Owen J. Sweet,
Twenty-third Infantry; Captain John A
Dapr.ay, Twenty-third Infantry; Captain
C. L. Collins. Twenty-third Infantry;
Lieutenant L. J. Van Schalck, Fourth In
fantry; Lieutenant S. W. Nowes, Twenty
third Infantry; Lieutenant L. R. Lang,'
Ninth Infantry, and Lieutenant W. S.
Bradford, Seventeenth Infantry.
The officers and many of the men who
returned on the transport Morgan City
are much annoyed at being included in
the denunciation of the authorities which
the Examiner is so assiduously fostering.
According to the statements made, the of
ficers and men who returned on the Mor
gan City are unanimous in their criti
cisms, but this seems to be far from the
fact. There are a few who revile and
denounce, but the great majority have
had no complaint to make and they dis
like to be placed in the position of being
"kickers.' Captain Andrew Jensen, First
Montana Infantry, United States Volun
teers, gave the sentiment of the officers
when h said they had nothing to complain
of and so far as their superior officers
were concerned they had no criticism to
make. The officers will not pass upon the
efficiency of their generals, but they do
s. iy the men were not ill-treated. *
Colonel Marshall, department quarter
master, has received orders from Wash
ington to .purchase 300 horses, more or
less, on this coast. Presumably they are
for the use of the Fourth Cavalry now In
Manila. Lieutenant Colonel Randolph Is
now on his way to Oregon to gather in all
the likely looking horses he can find to
fill the order. The animals must be sound
In -every respect, between five and seven
years old and between 900 and 1000 pounds
In weight. They will be part of the lot of
3000 which the Government is purchasing
and which will be sent to Manila as fast
as they can be got ready. The first in
stallment of 200 will probably sail on the
Tacoma to-morrow.
First Lieutenant Henry L. Kinrtison,
Twenty-fifth Infantry, has been detailed
.as quartermaster of the transport In
diana. ■' . ' •
Lieutenant Colonel Marion P. Maus, In
spector general United States Volunteers.
has been ordered to the Department of
Columbia, to make some special inspec
tions of the posts there.
Acting Assistant Surgeon G. L. Hicks
has been assigned to duty with the troops
to be sent on board the transport Ohio.
Troop A, the cavalry troop of the
Second Brigade, N. G. , C.. will ■ hold Its
annual banquet to-morrow night at the
California Hotel grill room. It will be the
fiftieth • anniversary of the organiation.
The uniform will be worn and a jolly good
time is anticipated.
Woodmen Soldiers.
At the session of Golden Gate Camp No.
64. Woodmen of the World, last Monday
night (here were present a number of the j
Oregon volunteers who are members of
the order and paid the camp a fraternal !
visit. The visitors were Lieutenant Colonel I
George O. Yoran. Lieutenant George W. I
Daywalt, assistant surgeon of volunteers;
W. F. Allen, August Benson, C. A. Craft.
A. O. Carden. O. D. Henderson. Henry |
Lady. H. D. Kearn, A. E. Lawrent,- F. |
Woodruff. F. M. Garness. C. Rlttespachen, i
M. D. Huntley, T. S. Godfrey and W. Har- j
ris. The men from Manila were received ;
with the camp honors due to visitors, and
after the business of the evening there !
was a short programme under "social I
good," and a number of short- addresses !
by the lieutenant colonel. Dr. Daywalt ;
and a number of the soldiers. After the j
close of the camp the visitors were made
the guests of the camp and taken to a
cafe on Market street, where they were
treated to a supper, and an hour or more
was spent in pleasanet talk, - song and
storytelling. .-.-.-. _
HOMEOPATHS
DEDICATE THEIR
NEW QUARTERS
College for Disciples
of Hahnemann.
— • —
INSTITUTION FREE OF DEBT
— —
MAYOR PI-ELAN ADDRESSES THE
MEDICOS.
♦ " —
Vice President Tisdale Officiates at
the Exercises and Dr. J. W.
Ward, Dean of the Faculty,
Talks of the School.
' The fine new Hahnemann Hospital Col
: lege building at the, corner of Sacramento
and Maple streets was formally dedicated
j with appropriate ceremonies last evening.
| Professor Charles L. Tisdale. vice presi
dent of the board of trustees of the col
' lege, presided and the spacious lecture
! room was filled to overflowing with
, friends of the Institution who had as
] sembled to listen to the addresses and ex
! cellent music which made up the pro
j gramme. While the guests were being
j seated Brandt's orchestra played the
i' "Stars and Stripes," followed by "Caval
! leria Rusticana." After an Invocation by
1 Rev. Dr. .Adams Professor Tisdale made
j a brief address of welcome. He spoke as
j follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen: On behalf of. the
trustees of the Hahnemann Hospital Col
! lege 1 welcome you to-night to the for
mal dedication of this beautiful building.
1 feel, my friends, that this is certanily
the most important event in the long and
honorable history of homeopathy on this
i coaat. for after years of weary wander
i ing the opening of the seventeenth ses
j sion of the college finds us at last in our
' home, surrounded by all the comforts and
I luxuries that honestly belong to the dis
ciples of Samuel Hahnemann. In all the
' pride and happiness of the present I can
: not yet forget the trials and hardships
! of the past; those weary anxious years
1 when the darkened sky came down close
upon us and the cheerless horizon shut
us in so hopelessly. How many of us
came near giving up the struggle I dare
not say, for to-night in the joy and pride
J of our new possession we are happy in
the substantial fulfillment of our fond
est hopes, and with faces set toward the
rising sun we are confident of a glorous
future for the Hahnemann Hospital Col
lege of San Francisco. On behalf of the
trustees I wish to thank most heartily all
the kind friends, both professional and
other, who by their matchless generosity
and co-operation have made our fondest
dreams a most useful reality. The mag
nificent gift of $3000 from the Southern
Homeopathic Dispensary, the substantial
donation from the physicians of Southern
California, the splendid assistance of the
Alumni of the college, the numerous pri
vate benefactions for various specific
purposes, together with the generous
contributions from homeopathic physi
cians from all parts of California, have
enabled us to erect and equip this beau
tiful building, which I am confident will
contribute largely to the glory of ho
meopathy and the constant advancement
of medical science.
Another selection by the orchestra fol
lowed and then Professor Tisdale Intro
duced Mayor Phelan. The Mayor warmly
congratulated the Hahnemann faculty on
the substantial evidence of the prosperity
of the college as evidenced by the pro
gress it had made since its incorporation
and also congratulated San Francisco on
Its possession. The Mayor's speech, which
was delivered in his happiest vein, was
warmly received. The feature of the ex
ercises, however, was without question
the address, of Professor James W. Ward,
M. D., dean of the faculty, a brief sum
mary of which follows:
The curtain is almost down on the great
est century in the world's history. We are
to-night in the glorious twilight of this
magnificent century, whose close will for
ever cast into history the 'working of a
medical reformation which began over a
hundred years ago in one of the hamlets
of Northern Germany. Beneath the gray
skies of a northern climate and from a
race "impatient of ignorance where knowl
edge is impossible, most eager and enter
prising where the darkness is the thick
est," the germ of truth in medicine took
its root, developed into a system and has
grown to mighty proportions. All this has
been accomplished by the great Intellectual
courage of Hahnemann and his following.
There is nothing in the world's history
that commands greater respect than cour
age.
Hahnemann as a philosopher was an
opponent, aye, the very antipode, of the
modern system of materialism.
It has been said that the great physi
cian of the future is the one who is to
prevent disease So Hahnemann was a
pioneer in hygiene. In his first original
work, a treatise on scrofula, published in
Lelpsic in 1784, at the time when almost
nothing existed of hygiene and sanitary
science, he showed a fair knowledge and
appreciation of its value by recommending
exercise and open air. He recorded a
brilliant achievement by suggesting the
benefits of change and the seashore life.
Cold water was emphasized as a remedial
agent, and the importance of personal hy
giene clearly made known.
He was probably the. first physician In.
the world to Introduce the mild, kindly,
non-restraint method in the treatment of
the Insane. While in charge of the hos
pital for the insane at Georgenthal, In 1782,
he introduced reforms that have never
ceased to live. He allowed no Insane per
son to be punished by blows or other 111
treatment, "for,'.' said he, "there can be
no punishment where there is no respon
sibility; such parties cannot be improved,
but must be rendered • worse by rough
treatment." Hahnemann foreshadowed
the successful antiseptic treatment of the
present half-century by referring to the
treatment of diseased bone. He said: "I
scraped the carrious bone clear out and
dressed It with alcohol." At the same
time he introduced nitrate of sliver as a
powerful germicide. In 1789 he awakened
the chemical world to an admiration for
his genius by the discovery of the "exact
mode of preparing the soluble mercury,"
a secret long and earnestly sought, like
the philosopher's stone In olden time.
In 1831 we find Hahnemann announcing
the germ theory. This theory stands to
day in certain diseases .as a recognized
cause the world over. It was from the ef
forts now put forth at this stage of his
career that there came out from the dark
ness of ignorance, superstition and error
the formula "Simllia, Simillbus, Curan
tur," a free interpretation of which is,
"Diseases are to be cured by those medi
cines which produce symptoms most near
ly resembling them in the healthy body."
To him belongs the honor of discovering
how to administer the materia medica, \
namely, in the smallest doses that will
cure. In this advance the old school has
followed, and now everywhere they yield
to the administration of the smaller dose.
This one triumph alone would have been
worth living a life to attain and would
have made his name immortal. It is there
fore the aim of this college to point out
scientific medicine as he directed the way.
supplemented by all the more recent
methods of research. The medical science
of to-day has been erected on the sub
stratum of centuries of experience. The
mysteries of yesterday are the facts of
to-day.- v--,- '
Rev. Dr. Adams concluded the exercises
with a benediction and the orchestra
played "When Dewey Comes' Marching
Home" while the visitors were escorted
I through the building on a tour of Inspec
i tion. r *. "n?* • -.
- The Idea of a new hospital building to
' replace the old structure on Haight street
I ,was conceived by Dr. C. B. Courrier.
; former dean of the faculty, several years
! ago, but the suggestion was not acted
j upon until about a year ago- when a
I young physician, a graduate of the col
; lege, . canvassed the State and secured
; subscriptions to • the building fund
1 amounting to over $7000, conditioned upon
\ the raising of an additional $3000. The
latter sum was donated by the Southern
' Homeopathic Dispensary, E. R. Lllien
thal, Jesse Lllienthal; Dr. Florence Ward
I and Dr. James W. -Ward and the new
building was assured. The mortgage on
the 'land was paid on* by levying an as
sessment el 510 a share on the stock, so
the college enters Its , new quarters en
tirely free from debt. ,-jvV
The building cost $10,500, an absurdly low
rice, and largely due to the fact that
the builder, George Lang, gave his ser
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
HE DOESN'T CARE IF
SHE NEVER COMES BACK
ELLIS SWAIN AND MISS JOHNSON WINKED AND LOVED
V. *"• DLIS SWAIN, a dimpled youth who has not yet cast his first vote,
!=-3 is searching for his bride of two days, pretty Ethel Johnson. Swain
has a vague idea that the charming Ethel is enjoying a solitary
j' ? honeymoon in the vicinity of Santa Cruz. But her whereabouts gives
him no uneasiness. "I don't care if she never comes back," he says.
"I believe her folks have sent her down to Santa Cruz. If she doesn't want
me I don't want her. and that settles It."
Swain and the fair Ethel were married on Friday last in Oakland by
Justice of the Peace Stetson. Reginald Landerhurst was best man and Miss
Edna Rock was bridesmaid. There were no guests at the wedding and the
parents of the contracting parties were conspicuous by their absence.
After the ceremony the young couple returned from the Sleepy City and
Swain Installed his bride at the Golden West Hotel. On Saturday the newly
wedded couple called upon Mrs. Swain's people, who reside at 522 Eddy street,
and Papa and Mamma Johnson stretched forth their respective hands and
cried. "Bless you— you, my children."
"Come to dinner Sunday," said mamma-in-law. Mr. and Mrs. Swain
went, and that was the beginning of the end. •=_: *
"Everything was lovely on Saturday,'" said the young husband, "and
everybody seemed pleased. But on Sunday everything was changed. As soon
as we got Into the house Mrs. Johnson called Ethel into another room,
where they remained together for some time- When my wife got back
her eyes were red and swollen. Then she told me that her mother threat
ened to annul our wedding and declared she would have her put Into the
Magdalen Asylum. 'Come home with me,' I said, and she answered, 'I would
like to but I can't.' I then left the house and I have not seen my wife since."
The courtship of Ellis Swain and Ethel Johnson was as romantic and hur
ried as was their subsequent wedding and separation. Three weeks ago
Swain met Miss Johnson at the Alcazar Theater. Her bright brown eyes
favorably attracted the youth's attention. He smiled, at her. She smiled
back. Then he winked his eye and she winked hers. And after that it was
all up with both the young people. \ . i'C'\
"At the theater that night," said Swain, "Ethel's aunt was with her,
and I was with Reggie, who afterward acted as my best man.' We— that is
Ethel and I— flirted during the show. After the play I went up to her and
tipped my hat. Reggie did the same to the aunt.. The aunt is young. Ethel
is not quite 17 and her aunt Is fully 17. Then I walked home with Ethel and
Reggie walked with auntie. Then I gave Ethel my telephone number and we
were soon very good friends." '■/■■' .-• - . -.
According to Swain, the courtship lasted nearly three weeks. During that
time he called at the Johnson home often when the mother was out.
"It was this way," explained Swain. "Mrs. Johnson works and has to get
to the store at 8 o'clock. I do not have to get to the shop until 9, so every
morning from 8 till 9 I spent the time with Ethel. On Thursday last we de
cided to get married. Friday morning I called at the usual hour. Ethel went
to the grocery and telephoned for Edna Rock. She came along and we went
to Oakland, and got married." , t^ . ;'.-;-
Since the day Swain's wife bade him a cold farewell he has heard from
his mother-in-law. "She called me up by telephone," he explained. "She
said, 'Hello.' I said, 'Where's Ethel?' 'Gone to Santa Cruz,' She answered.
'I'm going to annul that marriage, and you will never see her again.' "
And so the matter rests. And the boy, who can't, recall what play was
being presented on the night he met Ethel Johnson, takes the matter calmly
and says, "I don't care if she never comes back."
Young Swain is the son of Dr. E. M. Swain, the dentist, and is employed
ln his father's office as a mechanical dentist. The young wife is a lady of
leisure. Her mother works in a dressmaker-shop and her father is a house
painter by profession.
vices free of all cost. The college Is fully [
equipped with all the modern appliances, |
being in this respect second to no institu
tion of the kind west of Chicago. The
Lllienthal estate contributed a library of
2000 volumes; Mrs. Almyra Eldridge fur
nished the hall known as Eldridge Hall;
the Pacific Homeopathic Dispensary fur
nished the bacteriological laboratory at a I
cost of 5750; the physicians of Los Angeles I
furnished the clinical laboratory at a cost
of $200; the Southern Homeopathic Dis- j
pensary furnished the museum at a cost j
of $300; Drs. Florence and J. W. Ward
furnished the library, and the college
alumni provided the general furnishings j
of the building. .'.•;-;
The trustees of the college are: George
H. Palmer, M. D.; A. C. Peterson. M. D.;
William Boerlcke. M. D. ; James W. Ward,
M. D.; Charles L. Tisdale, M. D.; E. K.
Bryant. M. D.; Brooks Palmer, LL. B.
BALDWIN TO BE
PERMITTED TO
BUILD A SHACK
Petition Is Granted by
Fire Committee.
"Lucky" Baldwin went before the Fire
Committee of the Board of Supervisor
yesterday morning to urge his request for
a permit to erect a one-story, tin-roofed
eyesore on his property at Powell, Market
and Ellis streets. ,'-- N
In excusing his request he explained
that he was expecting to consummate a
sale of the Baldwin site in the near fu
ture; that It might be sold before the
building he projects is finished, but that
In the meantime he desired some revenue
frbm the property, which he could derive
by leveling the Ellis street walls to the
first story and putting on a tin or bitumen
roof to cover stores . which he proposed
to build In! He said his interest pay
ments amounted to $9000 each, month and
were fast eating .up his property.
Mr. Baldwin already has one tenant in
stalled in a shooting gallery on the Mar
ket street side,- and said he had requests
for all the stores he can crowd into his
temporary building. The committee de
cided to report favorably upon his peti
tion with the condition that all work be
done under the supervision of -the Chief
Engineer of the Fire Department. . .
The Hotel ■ Nymphla people. ; termed for
business purposes, the Twinkling. Star Im
provement Company; had the Brothers
Hannah on hand to, again urge permission
to make changes on the row of. buildings
between numbers 1108 and 1124 Stockton
street.' : " " •.;.--. .; j . ■.. ■ ■''-■'i_. . ' __ >■' ' -.
The buildings back •on 'the Hotel
Nymphia building, and the improvements
the owners contemplate consist of fire- '
proof porches, ten feet deep to be built at '
the rear and supported by iron girders I
running across the alley to the Nymphia I
block. The original plan of the Twink
ling Star people was to build a line of
cribs In the back of the Stockton street
house and thereby add another corridor I
to their Infamous resort. The Hannah ,
Brothers announced yesterday, however, i
that that plan had been abandoned and j
that the fireproof porches constituted the
only improvement to be made.
Assistant Fire Chief Shaughnessy ob
jected to the girders being strung across
the alley and to the porches being deeper
than six feet, the limit fixed by law. He
suggested that Instead of girders Iron col- j
umns be used, running from the middle
of the alley to the bottom of the proposed i
addition. Some argument ensued, and the
whole matter went over until the next !
meeting. -. -V, l - '-."-.' -.-::■
The case of H. Eastwood, the milkman ;
who wants to deliver the product of his i
dairy in a gasoline automobile, came up j
for another, hearing. Fire Marshal Towe i
reported that he had called on Eastwood
in reference to the matter and discovered
that the automobile had progressed no
further than the plans proposed for it. He
was consequently unable to make any |
recommendation, and had advised the pc- !
titioner to go ahead and build his ma- j
chine and ask afterward for permission to
run It. " ■
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE.
Bebekah. Lodges to Take Part in the
Parade— A Picnic at El Campo.
At a meeting of the parade committee
of the Golden Jubilee celebration and Re-,
bekah lodges, held last night, there were
represented California, Walhalla, Tem
plar, Oriental, Mission and Loyal lodges.
Miss Amy Webb was selected as. chair
lady and Miss Parthenia Burkhardt as
secretary. y ,
It was. stated that In regard to the
parade California and Walhalla lodges
will be represented in the parade by the
members . riding in carriages, that ! Ori
ental Lodge will introduce a novel feature
and that Mission and Loyal lodges will
fall into line. .-...-
It was also announced that the Rebekah
Drill Corps will give a grand entertain
ment on the Ist of September In Odd Fel
lows' Hall. •
A proposition to give a grand entertain
ment under the auspices of the Rebekah
lodges was 1 discussed, but no action was
taken.
The executive committe, F. A. Week*
presiding, met last night and decided- to
hold a picnic at El Campo, with dancing
and games, and committees were appoint
ed to make necessary arrangements.
Death of a Pioneer.
The death .is announced in Litchfield,
Conn., of James C. L. -Wadsworth, a Cali
fornia pioneer and distinguished Mason.
He arrived in "'; California . in April. 1547.
was a member of the Pioneers Society
and next to the oldest member of Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1, Knights Tem
plar. At the time of his death Sir. Wad;
worth was 75 years of age. 'The remains
were interred at Litchfield July 21. ,
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come!
You're welcome, Chronicle building, No. 61.
FOUL MURDER
COMMITTED IN
CHINATOWN
Chinese Woman Cut
to Pieces.
: — • '
A SICKENING SPECTACLE
— ♦ — -
MUBDEBEB ESCAPES BY CLIMB
ING OVEB THE BOOF.
— —
Lem Sang Suspected of Wielding the
Cleaver Which Was Found
Beside the Dead
Woman.
One of the most brutal and most bloody
murders committed in Chinatown during
its already dark career was discovered by
the police last night in a room on the top
floor of a lodging-house at 809 Stockton
street. The sight that greeted the eyes of
Police Officers Dinan, Hurd and High
land when the door to the room was burst
open by their combined efforts sickened
them, hardened as they are to sights of
that kind. A woman partly undressed lay
on the floor In a pool of her blood and by
her side was a butcher's cleaver, which
had been used in ending her existence.
The sight of her face and body was ghast
ly and Instantly recalled the brutal mur
ders said to have been committed in
Whitechapel, London, by "Jack the Rip
per." The unforunate woman's throat
had been cut and her teeth knocked out
by her infuriated assailant. Her right
hand was jammed in her throat as if she
had made an effort to save herself from
being hacked to pieces. Her body was
also terribly cut. When turned over by
the Morgue officials more gashes were
found.
That there was a struggle was appar
ent from the condition of the room. The
windowshade, which threw a blood-red
glare on the interior of the room, was
torn trom its fastening. The chairs in the
room were overturned and broken and
various articles of wearing apparel were
scattered all over the floor. The bed on
which the poor woman was lying when |
dragged to her doom by her relentless •
murderer was disarranged and gave every
indication of having been the starting
place of the deadly struggle. It was
thought no one but a crazy man could
have committed such a crime and the of
ficers expect when they arrest the mur
derer to find him in that condition.
About three weeks ago the woman, who
is unknown, and a Chinaman named Lern
Sang, 'who it is thought is the murderer,
moved into the small hovel on the top
floor of the tenement house owned by
Jeung Bin, and which is immediately op
posite the Chinese Consulate. Almost the j
day the new arrivals came they began the |
quarreling, which was incessant up to the j
time one of them was quieted for all time. |
Last night about 9 o'clock the noise they
made aroused the Inmates of the house, j
and complaint was made to the landlord,
Jeung Bin. C. Akabane, a Japanese; who |
lives immediately under the room, occu
pied by the couple, was unable to steep, ;
and he went upstairs and knocked at their j
door to remonstrate with them. Not re
ceiving an answer, and as their. quarreling
did not cease he went down to the base
ment and informed Bin. Bin also tried to
pacify the inmates, and not being 'success
ful went down the street and informed
Officer Dinan. The latter went back- to
the house and hammered on the door with
his club, but whether the murderer had
accomplished his work and escaped, or
the couple in true Chinese fashion recog
nizing the tread of the policeman's feet |
on the stairs, decided to keep quiet, is i
unknown. Getting no response to his j
hammering on the door Dinan left the
house and walked down the street, where !
he joined Officers Hurd and Highland. The j
latter had just been told by another
Chinaman that a crazy Celestial was
brandishing a pistol and threatening to
kill any one who would go near him, on
Clay street, immediately around the cor- j
ncr from the scene of the murder. Hurd !
and Highland were on the point of going
to arrest the pistol wielder, but had, at
the request of their informant, waited
until he could go there and see how mat
ters were, so as to report to the officers.
. It was while waiting for the informant,
to return that Dinan came along and told
them of the fight in the room on Stockton
street. At his request Hurd and Highland
accompanied him back to the room and
after' repeated knocks, which were un
answered, the officers burst in the door
and were startled by the terrible scene.
A thorough search of the room was j
made by them without finding a trace of |
the murderer. They discovered the apert
ure through which he escaped after com
mitting the crime and also found his coat,
which was left behind in his flight. An
opium lamp, still lighted, was found on
the bed and the officers wondered how it
was the bedding did not take fire during
the death struggle.
The Morgue was at once notified and
! also the California-street police station.
j Four policemen were at once sent from
the latter place and they aided in the
I search. They climbed over the roofs and I
! discovered the scratches made by the !
i murderer while escaping. They also j
I found an open skylight through which he
i must have jumped and gained his egress
I to Stockton street.
No one in the tenement house would '■
! open its doors to the inquiring policemen j
' and very little could be learned about the ;
• antecedents of the murdered woman and
the man who committed the deed. De
tective McMahon is. hard at work on the
case and has hopes of landing the mur
derer within a few hours.
.______________-_-_-_-_-.■__-_-»-■•,
WEAVING A WEB
TO CATCH DR. C.
C. J. WACHENDORF
Witnesses to Be Ex
amined To-Day.
Prosecuting Attorney L. G. Carpenter
continued to weave his web of evidence
about Dr. Wachendorf during the prelim
inary hearing before Police Judge Tread
well yesterday afternoon. The jailed doc
tor, who is accused of the murder of his
friend and patient, John Kehlenbeck, was
present in the court, his eyes made,
brilliant and glassy ' by two hypodermic
injections of. cocaine administered pre
vious to his appearance in court.
His attorneys. Reel B. Terry and H. J.
Custer, appeared to desire to evade the
hysteric interruptions of their client, who
is constantly expressing a desire to con
sult his advisers, for they sat away from
him yesterday and seldom talked to, him
during the taking of. testimony.
City Chemist Crackbon, Attorney F. J.
Fallon, Dr. Charles L. Mo'rgau and Dr.
A. Fehlen, who attended Kehlenbeck dur
ing his last- Illness, were the witnesses
called during the afternoon.
Crackbon was asked by Attorney Terry
to give the grewsome details of the chem
ical treatment of the internal organs of
the deceased. He- replied at length that
the organs were subjected to various
tests, and that at no time were they
sealed in the manner of confidential docu
ments, but, on the contrary, were kept in
a ■ box
attorney F. J. Fallon testified that he
had collected $430 for the deceased in April
in compromise of a suit to recover $600 on
a promissory note executed by one George
Lucey. The deceased received the money
and receipted for it to ; the witness. This
was about the time that Dr. Wachendorf
made the Intimate acquaintance of Keh-
le_it)6clc . '* *
Dr. Charles I* Morgan, one of the phy
sicians who examined . the organs of the
THlc E_ffPO_llU3__ I THE EMPOBHTM.
!&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥••*-» *»-»-»-»***
* Miss . Send *«
* prano,at ** 7a*%tti . m %M_\wm_or.tho J
fr Concert P^efioMelll^leßazaar. <| 7°.^ *
J fUghtf ay CAUFCMIASUIDL&T—AMERia'SaWIDESrSTOK.^ J
J Til© F/ve Sta Leons, famous Australian acrobats and *
» gymnasts, close their engagement at the big store Thursday after- <♦
* noon. Do not miss seeing their wonderful performance — 10 to 12 *
J m., 2t05 p. m.— Exhibition Hall, second floor. Admission free. +
fr ' »ff
I Three Distinct Events. z
£ 4~- : : 'ir 4 — 4 4 —— _=— ♦" J
i Clearing Crane Sale of |
J Summer Stock 65c Dinner i %
i Clothing* \ on the $1. Sets $7^5 J
* 1 Our entire Balance of \ Meakin's *
__ guaranteed this splendid \Semi-Porce- +
J ; line of Men's j stock Men's \ lain Dinner «
* Suits fori Furnishings Sets light *
i 7h%twere 0 forV S°aWrf de^withcol- J
J that were fore Satur- der, with col- , «
» ! $7*50 and day night— ored autumn \ *
* a dozen Shirts, Nook- leaf decora- \ J
* ferent styles wear, Under- tion—Ws J
{ I- well trim- wear. Hand- pieces, for 12 1 J
__ mod and well kerchiefs, 00 P_°_\:_.__ ____\ <•
I I made-all Hose, etc*— worth $12.50 *
#. fixes— cut to 65c on the \— this week. \ •*
* close to $5 85 Dollar* I $7*25 1 *
» 4 — 4 4 4 ■ 4 J
* sTI *
I * _JfeoUze</da^ |
* / -2
fr / ▼
* for Wednesday Only. For Wednesday Only. J
A, __\4_r_ mm r'nntm\ Children's lxl GlniW Three lines of Ladies' ♦
I? ° _V_i a * ribbed, silk-fin- « #, I ,r,y * Gloves, in each of .which *
« f Of* SChOOl m ished, real Maco d«l# C_> some of the sizes are miss- *
* Cotton Hose fast black— guaranteed — ing — splendid bargains these if we have J
J double knees, high-spliced heels and 'your size. ♦
__ French wo*en toes — they have good ap- 2-clasp Mocha— colors red, brown,
J pearance and wearing qualities, and a n ' 6^ 6 ' % m^ e and gray - sizes 5*.. «
fr great value at to-day _ price, rer 9-cl'asp' Kid— red, green, tan and *
>, pair 14C I black-sizes b^_. 5%, 6, V,_. _%. *
fr 2-clasp and 4-button Mousquetaire *
* For Wednesday Only. Chamois— White— _t_ only; Natural— If
J These Fine the^* Ft -* ft 5% ' 6 - 6^' » *« ; "-"--*• " |
* Shoes, St ' 69* ih, c easy- To-day, 62c Pair* •*
fr fitting Ladies' Lace IT ~s|» . \ - JJ
* Shoes — the , materia! is •__/?? i J
* a good Vici Kid, choco- \4M\ or Wednesday Only. J
J late color, fancy vesting M : '-] j Q^f-, -,/■ 3700 yards of 36- *
J cloth tops m new panel M^,:.\\ 221*." J? inch Silkoline, in *
* pattern coin, toes, kid »JB'^l SilkOline* pretty patterns, *
* tips, light flexible sewed &BsJ?\ - itable for window draperies, sash cur- J
* sole?, regularly o^'Mt€l 'tains, mantle drapes and comforter coy- i
* S>4fi Sfc-S: J^*yLS iering 8 regular- 10c yard quality- *
J *i i! i air on _^7 / to-day only on sale at 70 «
? sale to-day on'v S^ f__S ■ » ** __
* ..........5/.gg C -^"^ 5
J j—* for Wednesday For Wednesday Only. %
fr lilt gig These Drug Q Hand Brushes *
5 4Ub' **?5»/_a __r 0.. M -^__f«__» -^ 9 rows of good J
£ W\ ' •* l ** a - . OF Sundries* quality bristles, J
£ If Mandolins* in high y polished «
* laf Two important specials 1 solid concave back ___^-<. '-'""N *
'<# ffl . . . in Music Department to- —very special, to- ' _^___\ *
i* . • ||ffl • '.day— American-made day only at.. lficr^^ — __\_\ _%
*■ . jpk i • ■-; Mandolins, ' variegated; Imported Horn ■^•-r'C __t_\_fsx^ _>
* /¥_W%. wood ribs, ebony finger- (Dressing Combs flfiSte-BSff^rwW^''^ _V
J J /^gL?^ board, a good-toned in- ! /Aberdeen" make, V^gfJJjjyi*-**^ <*•
6 /^^V\ strument, regularly $3.25 extra value at 15c _.
J /*fP\\..\\ -f0r......... *
.fr / Ilil- \___W'' Pearl Inlaid Mando- . ..^ v .. m ; 'a.^ x^VN _\i
_ UL# Hns, ■• pearl bound edges, iii^^ !
£ \mmW- *. high-grade $io m- \|IJlllllyJ|)llllyliai!lSliliB *
* : '' ; .VM'S§^ strument — on sale to- J
* x4_S^-*^ 'day for.. $6*25 each, but special to-day at 70 _*
fr : ' "ff
{ Grocery and Liquor Specials %
* For Wednesday Only. -. ' J
* Flour— Emporium Family Fancy, there is none better made — to-day only, 50-lb '_'
* ba«?s r- ? . 770 *
* Baking Powder — The Emporium brand, pure and without adulteration, *
* 1-lb tins— special to-day '.. .' 30c 2,
£ Cheese— The best quality of Mild California to-day only, pc- lb Ho _,
J Van Camp's Soups— All kinds, regularly 2 cans for 25c— to-day only, _i
.__ 3 can!* for _?_»C *
fr Beans— Bayou and Pink Beans, first quality ll lbs for 25c *
* French Vermouth— On Wednesday, per b0tt1e.......... 58c *
■* " Angostura Bitters On special sale Wednesday only, per bottle 58 C *
* Tokay Win*? — Regularly 50c bottle (only 4 lottes to each buyer at th-» J
£ . PDecial pric *— Wednesday only, 4 bottles for $I*oo 2-
fr Champion Bourbon— Regularly $3.50 Wednesday only, ncr _,
fr gallon • • $2*65 «V
deceased, stated that during his tests he
had found no evidences of volatile poi
sons. There were strong traces of mor
phine in the stomach. He acknowledged,
in reply to queries ■ made by Attorney
Terry that a large dose of morphine ad
ministered medicinally would cause the
same chemical reaction noted. While Dr.
Morgan was testifying, and particularly
while he was describing the gradual ef
fects of an overdose of morphine for the
information of the defense. Dr. Wachen
dorf listened attentively, and shook his
head frequently as if to disparage the
truth of the statements made by the wit
ness.
Dr. A. Fehlen. the physician who^at the
request of Dr. Wachendorf attended Keh
lenbeck a few weeks before his death,
was called. He stated- that Kehlenbeck at
first showed symptoms of nervous col
lapse, and .he (the witness) administered
chloroform to quiet his patient. This visit
was made about June 10. On the morn- i
ing of June 26 he was again called by Dr.
Wachendorf. He found Kehlenbeck in a
deep coma caused by narcotic poisoning.
He treated his patient for four hours, ad
ministering strychnine and atropine to
stimulate the heart, then weak, irregular
and thready and indicative of vital ex
haustion. After four hours the patient
rallied. The pulse became strong. There
was every hope of recovery. Witness said
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE .CALL."
.-•■;' i'lfv BELTINO.
LB rcnpM Manufacturer efßelttng end
r. I/EUEN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
■ion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOXER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to ' Repairs and Ship
Work.
; Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. j
Telephone Main 6048. ■■ ■<
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANT,
342 to 350 Oeary Street. Above Poweli.
Periodical's. Books and Stationery.
COAU COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
0 :^- -:-?>>-' Telephone Main 1564. - - .
• COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. . H. BLYTH. M*r.
C W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a • Specialty,- 16 and 18
.-, . Washington St. Telephone, Main 564
Dr. Wachendorf paid him $5 for his ser
vices, and after the sudden death of Keh
lenbeck (which happened next day) begged
him to "stand by him" in case there was
any trouble over the death. Dr. Fehlen
stated that he answered that he w.ould
tell all he knew about the case if called
upon to do so. The trend of Dr. Fehlen's
I testimony was that Kehlenbeck's . death
i was caused by narcotic, poisoning.
The attorneys for the defense were quiet
during the afternoon, and gave no clear
[ Indication of the defense they intend to
put-up to save the life of their client. The
I preliminary examination will be resumed
I this afternoon. r >-.;* .
Signal Men Meet Signal Men.
There was a pleasant gathering last night
in the armory, 815 Ellis street, the occa
sion being the Informal reception of the
First Company United States Volunteer
Signal Corps by the Second Brigade Sig
nal Corps. N. G. C. The volunteer com
pany came in from the Presidio in a body
under - command i of First Sergeant P. C.
Knapp, and the members were most cor
dially received by the corps in the armory.
The early part of the evening was spent
In listening to the experiences of those
who had seen service at Manila and vicin
ity, after which there was an Impromptu
programme Of music. ; : I v -
I FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
! JAS. EOYES & CO., g n fe_^T*-l.
— - — — — , — , — ,
. HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
ers tn hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 75 i.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Wejrtern Foundry Morton & Hedley. nro-iv
234 Fremont St. Castings ot E-ery D..
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WI! I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co„
II ILL/AIUL I It. 722 Montgomery Stree*.
PRINTINO.
L- C- II I-__ -Ot .111 P.-irxoni-'-treet.
TUB -iICKS-JUDD CO-.  „,mr r a *£?«.
STATIONFR ANQ PRINTER.
Te, c'o^ h 'PARTRIDGE jgSg|
WHiTt ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the'
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. « Its
~T GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
-v: ;:■■.' la the Beet Coal ln tb* Market,
Office asa Yerda— iW Mala Atretic
5b
all
WEDNE5DAY. ....... .'... ........ .JULY 26, X 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. "
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB.
"'EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
• Telephone Main IS7<.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. « cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year........9«.00
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call), 6 months :».•>«>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 14H1
DAILY CALL- By Single Month «»c
PTXDAY CALL One Year ■ I'ngt
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - uu
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE... 908 Broadway
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock- ' 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 616 Larktn street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
It* l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- *518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventl)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
~ AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Heartsease."
California— "Mme. Sans Gene."
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Wan?."
Alcazar— "Faust."
Grand Opera House-"Faust." •
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. „ , ..;
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets-Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth-Bat
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths- Swimming Races, etc.
. AUCTION SALES.
/
Ev C P Troy & Co.— This day and evening, at 2 and 8
o'clock. Chinese and Japanese Fancy Goods, at » Geary street
By Easton. Eidridge & Co.— Tuesday, August 1. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 63* Market ptreet.
ONCE MORE Th|E OLD LESSON.
ONCE more the sweep of fires over wide i:reas
of farms and forests repeats for Californians
the disastrous lessons of the past. Each suc
g year brings this lesson with the dry season..
the wealth and the population of the State in
the annual losses increase. The aggregate
value of the farm crops, the pastures and the woods
ed in even a single year, it is impossible to ac
curately compute: but it is safe to say the amount far
exceeds what would be required to prevent them by
the establishment of an efficient system of forest pro
tection.
At the present time the warning lesson is going on
in the district around San Andreas. The fire broke
out on Saturday afternoon and by midnight had
spread to a conflagration having a front nearly ten
miles .vide and swept forward fully seven miles dis
tant from the starting point.
The reports of Monday from the scene of the dis
.i^ter say:
"The region in which the fire is now raging is the
richest and finest grazing and agricultural section in
the county. It is heavily timbered, with heavy belts
of greasewood, which burns like oil, and against
which it is futile to fight. The fire has been gaining
in intensity since yesterday morning despite the fact
that hundreds of men have been zealously laboring
night and day to prevent it spreading. It is hoped
that the Calaveras River bed may prove a barrier to
the fire. If this hope is not realized the conflagration
undoubtedly will prove the most disastrous ever seen
in the State. Fires are raging in the mountains back
of Mokelomne Hill and along the Upper Stanislaus.
The former is endangering the Amador Canal Com
t any'? flumes, while the. latter is in heavy timber and
threatens the great electric power lines that are being
operated in that region."
Surely the people of California are too intelligent
to fail to learn wisdom in the end from repeated ex
periences oi this kind. The San Andreas fire is not
an isolated case. Similar occurrences have been fre
quent every year and in every part of the State.
Before the rains come this fall we shall have to chron
icle many disasters of the kind, and some of them
may be even more destructive than that which is now
raping. They will occur in the valleys and in the
mountains, along the coast and in the Sierras. Hardly
a county will escape their visitation, and the total
damage done will mount high up into the millions
of dollars.
It is the old question, put to the people of Califor
nia: "What are you going to do about it?" These
tires are to a large extent the result of negligence. If
the people, acting through the State government, will
exercise a due carefulness in protecting the forests,
they will be able to rid themselves of the menace
which returns with each returning dry season. Expe
rience teaches everybody except fools, and if we do
pot learn from the fearful lessons experience' has
taught in this matter, we will be among the fools
whom nature delights to destroy.
THE RETURN OF THE INVALIDS.
rOR the reception of the wounded and the sick
officers and men, brought home from the wars
and the pestilential climate of the Philippines,
there can be of course nothing in the way of a grand
popular demonstration. Triumphal arches, strains of
military music and the clamor of rejoicing thousands
are of no avail here. It must be by the tenderest and
most loving ministrations that the joy of the public
over their return and the popular pride in their heroic
service must be made known.
It Aouid not be right to reserve for those heroes of
the war who have the good fortune to return safe
and sound all our public manifestations of honor and
of loyalty. There should be open and exultant
praise for the wounded, as well as for tho^e who come
"unscathed to share with us in the joyous civic festi
vals we are preparing to receive them. Something
should be done to cheer the invalids with the proul
assurance of the gratitude of the nation and of the
people.
In a few days we shall have the gratification of
greeting the Nebraska Volunteers with a cordiality
not less than that with which we welcomed the Ore
gon s. Later on we shall make a week- of festivals for
rejoicing over the return of our own boys. All these
will give ample opportunities for parades, for music,
for theater nights and popular receptions; with ban
quets and all the glad uproar of public demonstra
tions. At present we are in the presence of the in
valids — the men who bear the scars and the diseases
f the war. They are the heroes who have suffered
To them our deepest sympathy goes forth, and that
sympathy should have its expression in a manner
that will be visible and audible to all. They cannot
share in our festivals, but we can share and ought to
lighten as far as possible the burden of the suffering
they have undergone for the flag;. {
THE DEOTH OF LLOYD TEVIS.
THE death of Lloyd Tevis has made a gap in the
ranks of the capitalists of the Pacific Coast.
The vast properties he had accumulated, how
ever, identified him with the East as well as with the
West. Indeed, his name and his financial standing
were broadly recognized throughout the world. For
forty-nine years, without any serious, interruption, in
spired by a steady purpose and exercising great abil
ity, energy and perseverance, he traveled the road of
progress, until, when his life culminated, he stood
among the magnates of this age of concentrated
achievement and intense activity.
There was a wide distinction between Mr. Tevis and
many of his wealthy contemporaries. His reputation.
' did not depend upon the realized fortune he had
amassed. It was bated upon his individual capacity,
manifested through a long succession of years in
enterprises and in transactions of unusual magnitude
and complexity. He belonged to that unparalleled
emigration of 1849 that ever since has shed luster
upon our State and upon our national' history. After
working a rocker near Ringgold, in El Dorado
County, for two or three months he conceived a bril
liant financial scheme, almost his solitary failure, which
he often claimed had retarded his financial growth
for nearly a year. He constructed a bridge across
the South Fork of the American River, at a
point which all the immigration wagons that reached
! California by the Carson route had to pass. His mis
calculation was that, instead of paying tolls, the im
migrants of 1850 took possession of the property,
which he was forced to abandon. He went straight to
Sacramento, labored night and day in the Recorder's
office there, saved and invested his money, and, be
fore the end of the year, had formed his. famous part
nership with J. B. Haggin, which, in the very nick of
time and when property in the State capital had
reached its highest valuation, was transferred to San
Francisco. The details of his subsequent life would
fill volumes, and will undoubtedly be preserved in
permanent form.
Mr. Tevis had received a collegiate and a legal edu
cation and in his early years became conversant with
practical business. When his identification with San
Francisco was complete, in addition to the constantly
enlarging investments of his firm, he was employed
as referee in very important cases, in which his clear
discrimination and his sound judgment commanded
fees of almost fabulous amounts. Still later, in con
nection with railroads and express companies and in
other relations, he displayed extraordinary adminis
trative ability. Perhaps he settled more lawsuits than
any man of his day, not excepting even the late John
B. Felton. In diplomatic management, in the com
bination of breadth of view with the most precise
attention to details, he was unrivaled. When the Col
ton case was brought and followed by a trial for
which, outside of the Blythe contest, there are few
if any precedents, it was pithily remarked by the late
Hall McAllister that it was useless to attack a settle
ment that had passed under "the legal optics of Sam
uel M. Wilson and the financial orbs of Lloyd Tevis."
The traces of Mr. Tevis are. discernible in hundreds
of the heaviest transactions that mark the record of
the State and far beyond its boundaries, even into the
financial centers of Europe. His mental strength was
equaled by his working power, which appeared to be
almost unlimited. He was necessarily, both individ
ually and in his joint enterprises, an extensive em
ployer of labor, but the secret of his almost uniform
success was the fact that he paid the most rigid atten
tion to business, whether in his personal matters or «n
the affairs in which he filled a representative position.
He possessed absolute self-control and was never
swayed by passion or by any morbid element in his
character. In fact, his equanimity was as marked as
his ease and his freedom of movement, which at
traded general admiration.
The world is rarely just to men of great wealth. It
attributes to them a hardness of nature and a lack of
philanthropic feeling that in nine cases out of ten is
unjust. This is especially true of Mr. Tevis. While
he made no ostentatious donations, and his aspira
tions for posthumous honors can only be determined
by his will, there was hardly a public object of any
kind for which he could not be relied upon for a sub
scription, and the poor rarely applied to him unsuc
cessfully for help. After the Civil War, coming, as he
did, from a Southern State, his purse was always at
the service of that numerous class of intelligent and
refined men and women, who had been reduced to
poverty by the vicissitudes of battle, and yet retained
their personal sensitiveness. It was the habit of Mr.
Tevis to render his aid practically and without humil
iation. He would place the numerous persons in
whom he became interested either in salaried posi
tions or in occupations in which they could care for
themselves, and furnished them with the means they
preliminarily required. And it was observed of him
as of few other men. similarly placed, that he did not
grudge his personal services and that the prompt
fulfillment of his word, after he had once given it,
was certain.
There may be and there probably will be a diversity
of views upon the influence which Mr. Tevis, although
never a candidate for office, exercised in public
affairs. But. as one of the California pioneers, thor
oughly identified with the land of his choice, and
largely represented by his relatives and by his friends,
it will be generally conceded that his withdrawal from
our midst is a distinct loss to the community.
THE BROOKLYN STRIKE.
A CURIOUS story is current in New York to
the effect that the great strike on the lines of
the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company was due
primarily not so much to any discontent on the part of
the workingmen as to the instigation of certain par
ties who wished to bring about a strike for the pur
pose of affecting the price of the company's stock in
Wall street.
A story of that kind is of so improbable a nature
that strong evidence is required to sustain it. Mr.
Rossitcr, president oi the company, asserted it early
in the strike, and while admitting he had not evidence
enough to prove it in a court of justice, claimed to
have proof sufficient for a moral conviction of its
truth. Since then a good deal of outside testimony has
been added to that of Mr. Rossiter and the charge
appears to be well sustained.
According to the New York Tribune, the state
ment of Mr. Rossitcr is squarely, flatly and emphati
cally corroborated by Mr. Parsons, the general mas
ter workman of the Knights of Labor, who declares
himself ready to make some startling and convincing
revelations on the subject, while those against whom
the accusation is directed meet it not with the prompt
and indignant denial with which innocent men might
be expected to repel so foul an aspersion, but with
a cynical evasion which falls little short of an admis
sion of guilt.
An offense of the kind charged is so monstrous
that if there be anything like sufficient evidence to
maintain it, the matter ought to be made the subject
of something more than newspaper condemnation. If
unscrupulous brokers are going to instigate strikes
or other industrial disturbances for the purpose of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
promoting their stock speculations, the sooner we
have severe laws against such practices the better.
Mr. Rossiter, Mr. Parsons and the New York Tri
bune have a good deal of responsibility in the issue.
They have asserted the existence of an evil of the
most portentous nature, one which seriously con
cerns every great industry in the country, and it is
their duty to push the investigation and prosecute the
guilty parties if such can be found.
THE POLITICAL SITUATION.
THE displayed page in the Examiner in which it
savagely attacked Christopher Buckley is the
introduction to a controversy that may have
useful results. The blind leader, who now seeks to
rally his forces for a struggle with his former asso
ciates, may be justly amenable to the charges formu
lated against him. But he explains, contradicts and
retorts with a pithiness and with a force that must
have pierced the Examiner's cuticle and filled its pro
prietor and its editor with bitter exasperation.
The Call has no stomach for the details of these
malignant controversies between resuscitated bosses.
Against the entire boss system and against the brood
of corruptionists that represents the Huntington mo
nopoly, in all its phases, it has uniformly protested
and with a fair measure of success. Within the Re
publican organization the independence and the char
acter of its voters have been fully vindicated. Eighteen
Republican clubs have been organized and their ranks
are being filled by the best material in the party.
This is the pointed application of the representative
system to local politics that the new primary law was
intended to secure. It was a complete defeat of the
blanket proposition which is the only step toward the
revival of bossism that, on the Republican side, has
been attempted during the preliminary movements for
the approaching campaign. The aid of the Central
Republican Club .to insure the selection of unassail
able delegates to the municipal convention has not
been rejected, but, on the contrary, is strictly in line
with the very practical reform, of which such clear
evidences have been already furnished. If Mr. Z. U.
Dodge was correctly reported in yesterday's Exam
iner, he has very grossly and unnecessarily miscon
ceived the situation.
But the local attack of the Examiner on Christo
pher Buckley, in one of its aspects, deserves notice
Was it real or only a diversion? Buckley alone was
the subject of the local vituperation of the fusion
organ. What of Rainey and the forces allied with
him? Why were they not assailed? This must neces
sarily mean that, if there is a genuine fight on hand
between the two bosses, the sympathy and the influ
ence of the Examiner are with one as against the
other. The result is that the newspaper, which ha<?
appropriated Mayor Phelan and Assessor Dodge as
its patron saints, is working on the boss system. And
this view harmonizes with the local methods adopted
by the fusion Democracy last year and which it is
now proposed to perpetuate. The assertion of his
own individuality has filled the hat of Mayor Phelan
during his entire political career. In 1808 the fusion
clubs and forces of every V: id were ranged under his
banner and transacted their party business almost ex
clusively in his name. Recently separate Phelan clubs
have been formed in different parts of the city. The
Democratic County Committee is an oligarchy,
divested of any truly representative character. No
matter what sentimental declarations may be edito
rially expressed in the Examiner, the acts of the
fusion Democracy, from which that paper cannot sep
arate itself, are inconsistent with any true and inde
pendent selection of a convention or of candidates
and identify the party with the worst and most dan
gerous form of bossism.
The weak-hearted criticism of Rainey by the Ex
aminer, in which it compliments that dead light of
politics upon his practical wisdom in withdrawing
from any effort at manipulation, will deceive nobody.
Whether the raid on Buckley is sincere or hypocrit
ical, but for the editorial comment to which we have
alluded Rainey was left in peace. The opinion of
the public on the relations between him and the Ex
aminer, and through that medium, with the spotless
Mayor and the immaculate Assessor, will remain un
changed.
Municipally, unless folly unexpectedly regains influ
ence in the councils of the party, this is a Republican
year. The Call demands that all the pledges of the
last few weeks be fulfilled and that, both in its con
vention and in its ticket, the Republican organization
establish a new and wholesome precedent in San
Francisco.
OIL SPRINKLING FOR ROADS.
S~+ ONSIDERABLE attention has been given in
( the East to the recent incorporation under the
laws of Delaware of an organization known \%
the "Locomotive Smoke Preventive Company." It is
said to be made up of large capitalists and its object
is to acquire patents and manufacture devices for pre
venting smoke from railway locomotives and to en
courage economical operation of engines and small
consumption of coal.
The discussion which has followed the granting of
the franchise to the company has gone beyond the
question of smokeless locomotives to the wider fssue
of ridding American railway travel not only of the
smoke but of the dust that constitutes such an annoy
ance. As a suggestion to that end the New York
Times says:
"A few years ago a great and good man discovered j
that crude petroleum, evenly and liberally sprinkled
on the roadbed, was a permanent remedy for the twin
nuisance of surface dust, which had been only in part
abated by stone ballasting. This oil sprinkling is now
coming into general use. A railroad that does not
employ it owes an apology and reduced rates to its
passengers. With smokeless locomotives and an oil
coated roadbed railway travel would become luxu
riously comfortable, even in the nineties. Thousands
of persons ride on the open trolley cars on hot days
and nights to get relief from the heat. Steam rail
ways will be able to make their cars not less cool and
comfortable when the use of electric or other non
smoke-producing locomotives and oiled roadbeds
permit wide open doors and windows, and perhaps
special devices for cooling aeration."
It is perhaps too much to demand oiled roadbeds of
the railway companies in California, but the county
Supervisors might well profit by the suggestion.
Crude petroleum is comparatively cheap in California
and in some of our counties its value for road uses
has long been understood. There is no reason why
the use should not be made general over all roads
where there is a considerable amount of traffic. . It is
to be borne in mind that oil sprinkling means not
only an improvement of the highways for driving
purposes, but an economy in their preservation as
well.^,
Judging from the "work" of the Coroner and his
crew in the Florence Parker case, and with reference
to the Japanese sailors from the Nippon Maru, Hill
and his men are ready to find any old thing to suit
the circumstances of any old case. Another exposure
of their methods is imminent in the Wachcndorf trial.
TRICYCLE BUILT FOR A FAMILY.
The Warren family on wheels arrived last night at New Brunawlck. N. J., on
their way from Philadelphia to Vonkers. Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Johnson anu their
four little ones were happy and well, and the tricycle that bore them seemed as
clipper as the day it was built.
Although you might not think it from the tricycle's looks. Mr. Warren says
It makes himproud. He built it himself, and there is no other like it. Its base
Is an ordinary bicycle built for two. with an outrider fitted with a third wheel.
In the center is a box-, fitted with seats, wherein the little Warrens sit.
In this box also there is room for all the Warrens' clothes, a tent, blankets
and provisions. Over the box stretches an awning that serves to protect the
riders from sun and rain alike. All told, the entire machine weighs eighty-five
pounds and is geared up to forty-two.
The Warrens left Philadelphia Monday and expect to reach Yonkers Saturday
noon. In clear weather they have camped out, but during Wednesday's thunder
storm they had to take shelter in a farm housr.
Most of their riding is done in the morning and toward evening, and so far has
not proved w risome. The youngest child is a girl eighteen months old.
COMMUNICATIONS
AT THE GRAVE OF
ROBERT INGERSOLL
By the continual revolution in nature by
which pvery being and all mutter are
transformed, the body of Mr. Robert In
gersoil has succumbed to the unavoidable.
As he is now, he is still living by the
words he has uttered and action com
mitted and the seeds of mental progress
he has sown are still sprouting and blos
soming on and on, and the works he has
left to the world are as a concrete ped
estal supporting a column of wisdom and
mental tranquillity towering as a shining
beacon over his last resting place fpr the
guidance of the superstitious Into the
haven of enlightenment.
Truthful and honest in his opinions and
way of thinking, he made his mark and
left the grafted trees to buar a better
fruit. A mind free from superstition, liv
ing in the sunbeams of free thought,
shunning the reign of all that which tends
to envelop the human mentality with
doubt and darkness, he has liquidated his
obligations.
As the end of birth is the beginning of
death, he has made good use of the time
between the beginning and the end. Gifted
by nature with a superior mind, he ad
ministered well to the self-thinker. It
was. his natural calling to foster and sup
port the soaring of aii unshackled spirit
and loving disposition, undisturbed by any
influence of controversion and contradic
tion. He formed his own train of thoughts
to be piloted by him Into the ■world to
light and progress. His spirit, thought,
words and action were not of a borrowed
character but Issued from a pure and un
trampled intelligence and understanding.
Being an issue of nature, he was not re
sponsible for his existence, but while liv
ing he well knew to distinguish between
the real and genuine and the imagin
ary and fictitious, never allowing his mind
to meandt r among the unfathomable. Ig
noring all that of which never a proof of
the fact of its existence has ever or can
ever be found, he was the searchlight for
veracity, truth and honest reality.
Barren of all superstition, with a char
acter that would revolt at the thought of
disloyalty to the laws of nature, his very
life blood would throb with emotion of
knowing of having paved and smoothed
the pathway to knowledge and an intelli
gent understanding, elevating science
against stubborn ignorance.
Although gone from where no kind
words, no good advice, can be heard, he
is not dismissed nor forgotten, but missed
by all intelligent solf-thinkers, and will
live on in the thoughts of the living by
the memorial of his labor, work and lit
erature instilled in the minds of his ad
mirers. M. P. SCHETZEL.
VINDICATION OF STRAUS.
SAN JOSE, July 23, IR)9.
To the Nows Editor San Francisco
Morning Call— Dear Sir: On July 14. 1809,
your paper published an article regarding
the arrest of I,eon M. Straus, my son,
charged wfth perjury. The fharg"e was
fully investigated here on July 19, WJfl,
before Judge Gass of this city. As per
inclosed clipping- you can see what dispo
sition was made of it.
I ask you, In all fairness, that, in' view
of the fact that your paper published the
fact of the charge and arrest, you will
please publish his vindication.
ATTORNEY STRAUS EXONERATED.
CHARGE OP TERJURY DISMISSED AT
SAN JOSE.
SAN JOSE. July 21.— At the request of
Deputy District Attorney Jarman, after a
thorough examination, the charge of perjury
made asalnst Leon If. Straus by Mrs. Sylvia
Allen nan been dismissed by Justice Gass. Tes
timony was given by Justice Wallace, Attorney
W. C. Kennedy, M. Murphy and Joe Kennedy.
Mrs. Anais Christie stated that Straus was
employed as an attorney by her to secure a
divorce for her from her husband. She agreed
to pay him not to exceed $60 for his services.
She had given him small sums of money from
March 22. 1N99. up to June 22. the date of the
receipt. At that time she paid him Jo, and
Straus had given her a receipt for $60.
TJpon this showing Assistant District Attor
ney Coolidee asked for a dismissal of the
charge .on the ground that there was no evi
dence to sustain the complaint, which had
stated that he had received $60 at that time,
and which was due him at the time of the sup
plementary proceedings.
Justice Gass granted the request, stating at
the time lie would have dismissed the com
plaint himself had not the motion been made.
Yours respectfully, •
EUGENE A. STRAUS.
Cashier Wells, Fargo & Co., San Jose.
PRESS COMMENTS
A Promised Spectacle.
Los Angeles Times.
Here's richness. The notorious San Fran
cisco Examiner and the equally notorious
Sam Rainey, despite the fact that the
former has. in past seasons designated the
latter as a "political pariah" and a crea
ture that is unspeakably "infamous,"
have joined forces for the alleged purpose
of electing little Willie Hearst of New
York to the United States Senate from
California. Those who thought that th«
utmost limit of political Indecency had
been reached when the attempt was made
to elect Dan Burns to the Senate now
have an opportunity to gaze on a per
formance which is at least deserving of
classification along with the one in which
the Mexican Colonel starred with such
conspicuous unsuccess. With the Demo
cratic boss from the purlieus endeavoring
to elect the Knight of the Silver Bathtub
and the Republican boss from the same
quarter working to elect himself to the
United States Senate, the State of Cali
fornia would be a sight to make antjels
weep, tear the feathers out of their wings
and otherwise exhibit disgust in carload
lots. But pause — just as likely as not the
people of California will have something
to say about these things.
Who Pays Commissioner Creelman?
San Diego Evening Tribune.
James Oreelman, who is a stench in the
nostrils of decent journalists, bobs up in
the columns of the San Francisco Exam
iner is a vilifier of General Otis. The
Examiner should get Aguinaldo's Junta to
vouch for Creelmah's twaddle. On the
face of his report it looks as if Filipino
money paid for the fellow's utterances.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT'S.
RECRUITING— W. T. D., City. For in
formation about recruiting in the army
apply at army headquarters in the Phe
lan building, or at the Presidio.
REVENUE STAMPS— A. R., Dinuba.
Cal. A revenue stamp must be placed on
an order for money, but the law does
not say that such a stamp mtist be placed
"on an order of any description."
A STILL— J. S., Escondido, Cal. To set
up a brandy still you will have to put up
a bond equal to $1 10 per gallon for as
many gallons as the still will produce in
fifteen days.
THE POUNDMAN— A. S., City. There
is no law that prescribes the hours when
the poundmaster may catch dogs, and in
the absence of any such law he may take
up dogs at any hour of the day or night
if found on the streets without a license
tag.
TERRITORIAL LIMITS— S. B. ( City.
It is eight and a half miles from Castle
Garden to Harlem Bridge, New York, at
One "Hundred and Thirtieth street ani
Third avenue. The territory of New York
from Castle Garden to 'larlem bridged
between East and North rivers, has an
average of two miles in width.
SALVAGE-T. G., City, ir in a matter
of salvage you have been deprived of
your rights by an attorney who secured
the money due you, you should communi
cate with the officers of the court in
which the case was adjudicated and the
delinquent attorney may be required to
show why he has not paid you the money
he collected for you.
RINGS— N. S.,~Sheilvilie. Cal. If a girl
is willing to marry, but is not engaged,
she wears a ring on the index finger of
the left hand; if engaged, on the second
finger of that hand. Whon she marries
she wears the ring on the third finger of
that hand. A girl who wears a ring on
the second finger of the right hand does
so for ornament.
COIN QUESTIONS— SeveraI Corre
spondents. A half dollar of 1807, ass piece
of 1835, half dollars of 1835 and 1826 do not
command premiums. Neither does a half
cent of 1805 command a premium. If A
S., Forest Hill, will send a self-addressed
and stamped envelope, the Information
about coin dealers will be furnished. This
department does not advertise such.
POSTMASTERS— N., City. The pay of
third-class postmasters is not more than
$2000 nor less than $1000. There is an al
lowance on box rents under certain con
ditions and an allowance for rent not ex
ceeding $400 a year. In case of a rush oC
business such postmaster may be allowoU
compensation for clerical assistance dur
ing such rush.
TO COITNT IN. CASINO-Stev.. City.
To count in casino on the last deal the
one who holds cards counts first, and if
he has made enough points to go out he
does so, notwithstanding that his oppon
ent may have made enough to equal the
number of points required to go out. If
cards are even on that deal, then the
one who holds spades counts first. The
count is: Cards, spades, big casino, little
casino; sweeps, if there are any.
CLEVELAND'S TERM— J. P. w.,
Smith's River, Cal. Grover Cleveland's'
second term commenced March 4, 1893, and
terminated March 4, 1897. During that pe
riod there was In session the Fifty-third
Congress, which had on joint ballot March
4. IS9B, H52 Republicans and 263 Democrats;
the Fifty-fourth Congress, which had
March 4, 1895, 296 Republicans and 132
Democrats. The Fifty-fifth Congress had
March 4. 1897, 253 Republicans and 154 Dem
ocrats, and the Fifty-sixth Congress had
on March 4, 1899, 240 Republicans and 189
Democrats. .
VERBASCUM THAPSUS— M. M., City.
Verbascum thapsus is the botanical
name of the common mullein or mullein
dock. Generally it is found growing in
negltcted places. In favorable soil
it will grow to a height of from four
to five feet. It is furnished with
elliptical densely woolly leaves, the
upper part being closely occupied
by yellow flowers. It Is used as a
medicine in pulmonary diseases in cattle
.and for that reason is called bullock's
lungwort. The dry stalks and leaves
were in ancient times dipped in crease
and used as a substitute for candles and
lamp wicks. In England it Is called
"nig" or "hag taper," on account of a
superstition that it was UBed by witches.
In the illustrated Dictionary of Garden
ing volume IV, page 144. that is to he
found in the reference room of the Free
Public Library, can be seen an illustra
tion of the mullein and a technical de
scription of it.
I*OREIGN COPtRIGHTS-T. M., City.
For an American citizen to secure copy
right in Great Britain three conditions are
necessary.
First— The title should be entered at
Stationers' Hall, London, the fee for
which is 5 shillings sterling, and o shillings
additional if a certified copy of entry
l9 Se e cond-The work must be published
in Great Britain or in her dominions sim
ultaneously with its publication in the
Third— Five' copies of the publication
are required— one for the British Museum
and four on demand of the Company of
Stationers for four other libraries.
Copyright may be secured m France by
a foreigner by depositing two copies of
the publication at the Ministry of the In
terior at Paris. No fee nor entry of title
required. , . .
To secure copyright in Belgium a for
eigner may register his work at the De
partment of Agriculture. Industry and
Public Works al Brussels.
In Switzerland, register of title at tno
Department of Commerce and Industry
at Berne is optional, not obligatory; fea
two francs. If registered, deposit of one
copy is required.
The librarian of Congress at Washing
ton. D. C. does not take charge of any
copyright entries or arrangements with
other countries.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Fournier, a business man of Fresno,
Is In town.
Henry Disque, a mining man of Coifax,
is a guest at the Lick.
15. R. Cameron, a fruit grower of Han
ford, is one of the late arrivals at the
Lick.
D. V. Sargeant, a wealthy cattle man
of Salinas, Is one of those who arriveJ
at the Lick yesterday.
Dr. George W. Robinson, a prominent
physician and capitalist of Los Angeles,
is a guest, at the California.
John McMurrey. a mining man «f
Weaverville, and State Senator Georg.l
R. Steuart of Crows Landing are at the
Grand.
Edna Wallace Hopper, the little Cnli
fornian actress, arrived from the East
yesterday and is registered at the Palace
with her maid.
Judge R. C. Rust of Amador County
is in the city, accompanied by his wif«\
on a visit of pleasure. He is staying
with relatives, and will remain until tre
conclusion of his judicial vacation.
Charles I. Brannan,- ex-Congressman
from Georgia,, who has been in this city
during the last few days, left last night
for Sacramento. He is in the commission
business and is on the coast for the pur
pose of buying California fruit to ship to
the South.
Aldace F. Walker, chairman of the
board of directors of the Atehison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railroad, arrived from
New York last night, accompanied by bis!
wife and two daughters. Mr. Walker and
his family will leave this morning for
Honolulu, where they will spend a few
weeks.
At the Occidental are a party of nine
trained Red Cross nurses who arrived
yesterday from New York on their way
to relieve the sufferings of our brave sol
dier boys who are now fighting in tho
Philippines. All of these ladies are trained
graduates of different hospitals in New
York and Massachusetts and fitted in
every way to successfully carry- out the
heroic task to which they have set them
selves. Three of them have already sepn
service at Porto Rico, while others of the
party were in the hospitals at Monta'sk
Point and Fortress Monroe during the
late war. The names of the ladies are
Miss Emma Duersing. Miss Barbara Zei*
ler. Miss C. A. Marshall. Miss M. Murry,
Miss Lydia Coakley. Miss Helen Fraser,
Mins E. Pope, Miss M. Sammy and Mias
Koakel.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YOfeK. July 25.— P. Martin. Mrs.
J. T. Martin and Mips E. Martin of Pasa
dena are at the Normandle. Miss Burr
of San Francisco Is at the Holjand. J. E.
Noles of San Francisco is at the Cos
mopolitan. R. L. Knapp of San Francisco
is at the Vendome. Mrs. A. Martens of
San Francisco is at tho Normandie.
HER TRUST BETRaYED.
Maggie Anderson Secures a Warrant
for the Arrest of George Folliss
for Grand Larceny.
Magpie Anderson, a woman about 3S
years of age, obtained a w irrant in Judge
Treadwell'6 court yesterday afternoon for
the arrest of George FolUss on the charge
of grand larceny. She told the Judg- a
story of man's duplicity and villainy that
nvi.de his Honor's blood boil.
Miss Anderson said that while employ
ed at Mrs. Levon's Home for Chil-Jrer.,
606 Folsom street, over a year ago, she
became acquainted with Folliss. who wa3
employed there. He learned that she had
saved about $400 and last August be
trayed her under promise of marriage.
He inveigled her into buying a lodging
house at 125 Sixth street and got the pa
pers made out in his own name. She
went to the house and they lived together
there. Last May phe gave birth in a
child and on May 31. while she was in
a hospital, he broke open her trunk and
stole her gold watch and chain. She got
a postofflce order from her brother for
$50 ahout the same time, and although she
badly needed the money at the* time he
compelled her to give him $30.
Since she returned to the house he hart
been treating her cruelly and yesterday
morning, after taking all the keys fr-^m
her, he ordered her out of the house, tell
ing her he wanted to have nothing more
to do with her.
Charges a Conspiracy.
Alfsed R. Brandon yesterday filed an
affidavit asking that a Judgment entered
against him by default in the case of Jo
seph R. Brandon, as trustee of the estate
of the late Sarah C. Brandon, against
Mary: Ash. W. ,P. Ash, Edith Cretchcr.
Madison H. Cretcher. Julian R. Brandon
and himself, for final distribution of • de
cedent's estate, be set aside. He claims
that he is entitled to an undivided half
Interest in the estate, and avers that At
torney E. A. Self ridge. Julian U. Brandon
and other of the defendants .conspired
against him to deprive him of his prop
erty. He states that it .was through their
efforts that he failed to get his answer in
before the time allowed by. the court ex
pired. Hence he asks that the judgment
be set aside and that he be allowed time
in which !to retain counsel and i join issues
in the case.,- ■;..,_■;.■ :\ ,;■:. . . .... .
; Cal.glace fruit 30c.per;Ib at Townsend's*
•;.:'.' .. ', ' .■» ♦ ■ .'.' " • "„'.": : . i>
Special Information supplied dally to
business - houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In the Divorce Court.'..'".'"'
'. Clara McCurdy has been granted a di
vorce from Robert McCurdy on the ground
of failure to provide. Farita Mondragon
was : granted a divorce from • Feliciano
Mondragon. on' the ground |of willful neg
lect. Cecilia Scharpen '-■ has sued • Peter
Scharpen.for a divorce,- alleging cruelty aa
a cause of action.  ■; -
"Mrs. Winslow's , Soothing -
Syrup"
Ha« been used. for ■> fifty years :by •. millions i of
mothers for their children while Teething | with
perfect i success. 1' It ■ soothes the «hlld, aof ten«
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reru
lates t th» Bowels ' and Is • the best " remedy < toi
Diarrhoeas;; whether'{. arising ■ from- teethln*- oi
other causes. -: For sale 'by ; druggists In ever*
part. of . the . world. > Be sure : and ; ask ' for' Mrs.
M'lnsloVs Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO-Take advantap*
of the round trip 1 tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. .; Including fifteen days 1 ;. board 'at
hotel; longer stay, $2 60 -per; day. Apply ;at i
New Montgomery '. street." San Francisco
» ♦ ■
7,/ A viooHors growth and the original color given
to the hair by Pabkis's Hair Bauuk. ; ■■"'--■ "
> Hi.nukkcub.ns, the best cure for corn*. 15 on.MILLIONS IN
GOLD ARRIVE
FROM ALASKA
steamer Bertha Here
From St.. Michael.
_
— * —
MINERS HERE WITH FORTUNES
CONFLICTING REPORTS COME
ABOUT CAPE NOME.
— —
Mrs. H. W. Benz Returns From St.
Michael After a Harrowing
Experience in Kotzebue
Sound.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha arrived from Cape Nome
via St. Michael and Unalaska yesterday.
She made the run from the latter placej
in S days 20 hours, and Captain Thomas
says he could have done better had he
not been compelled to stop outside on ac
count of the fog.
The passengers on the Bertha were: A.
Moncrief. E. B. Holmes. George Howard,
Peter man, A. E. O'Brien, O. Hellese
stadt, H. A. Munroe, T. J. Hour, S. B."
Chambers, >.. W. McQuestln, John
Gustad, S. Thomas, Mrs. W. C. Yates, C.
A. Brannin, Mrs. N. A. F. de Balaine, Mr.
>". a F. de Balaine, A. Hood, N. De-mars,
!W. E. Reese. T. J. Blame, F. Hannacher.
C. A. Bolich, Joseph Patterson, E. L.
wuick, J. V. Quick, David Marcoti, Leon
Marcoti, B. F. Hobbs, W. B. Judson, W.
i. Detrlck, R. li. MeCreary, l_ li. >••■•
man, a. _». Myes, J. C. man.. U. a.
.loams. V. H. ROiand' E. C rtuiana. L. C.
oausted, G. T. Hoitock. G. \\ . -\icKerson,
'i homas Hambook, Mrs. V. Gempie, .Mrs.
W. A. Baiaerson. U. A. Guthrie, Airs.
_>enz. K. B. .... J. ronneJi,
august Hedben, E. W. Johnson; Harry
smith. J. t\ Barrett. H. Scnraoer, -.
tctgren. W. H. Davies, S, -. Jeweti.*-Av;
uumontj Allan uray. M. de lounu, Mrs.
roote. W. M. Leggett, Mrs. Leggett, a. a.
Wallace, John Lox, J. A. Nelson, *". Con
tine, ii. ''cjr.c_. O. Rousso; V. cnargin, P.
•_. McKay. W. W. Thumser, H. O. Snort,
A spottswood. N. E. w lutney, K. Seth
man. H. __ tiiebe. J. Staicup. K. 'i. Don
aldson. C. C. Koog, S-' A. mpson. Y_ .
r Hoog, J. L. Thompson, L. a. I'lodah,
T. J. Drais, H. T. Drais, K. H. Koßinson;
T* G Phillips. H. Emonernich, W. J oust,
E Herman, H. Gibson, :\. i.. Steout. M.
< ration. A. Grevis. C R. Cue, P. Julius
-ton. O. P. Ruse, E. L. Hewitt.
im- Bertha, orought down #10,000 worm
of gold dust. That much is certain. The
rest or" the treasure that the passengers
L-rougnt down is an unknown quantity,
•some value it at a million, while otners
go as high as a million and a half. Wil
liam M. Leggett was said to have brougnt
aown $ISO.<«»eJ, while the fact is he carried
a dratt ior ROO.OUO, and the amount ol
golu dust he brought along was known
univ iv himself. * ; »
Hau- -_--' have brought
down *MSO,UUU in treasure, George Demurs
$40,000, N. Mercier JtJO.L-yO, while "Jack"
McQuestin, "'the '.her of the Klon
dike," is said to nave brought out another
tortune.
Smith has been many years in the Klon
dike and is In the hotel business. He is X"
brother-in-law of Clarence Berry, and his
home is in Fresno. Mcuuestm lives in
North Berkeley, and he at once headed
in that direction as soon as the Steamer
docked. Whether the me- named brought
the sums put opposite their names Down
with them is not known for a certainty.;
it is simply the value placed on meir
wealth by the ship's crew. j
In regard to SoloojD Bay and Cane
Nome the accounts differ. Some of the j
returned Klondikers say the places arc
rich and others say they are not. Many
of those who say there is no gold at either j
place have never been there, while those j
who have been over the -ground say It
is rich. The Bertha made two trins be
tween Car>e Nome and St. Michael. On
the lirst trip she brought back a man ,
named Pierce, who had taken out twenty
three pounds of nuggets rom claim No.
8 on Anvil Creek in a day. The crew oF
the vessel all deserted and the passengers
had to assist the oflicers in getting the !
cargo ashore. On the flrst trip to Cape j
Nome the officers found about 500 people
there. When the Bertha went back a :
week later there were _>'*) men on the ,
ground and the crowd was still rushing •
in.
Nearly all the men who went to Kot_-^- .
bue Sound last year are either at Golovin j
Bay or Cape Nome. Last year they sent
an Indian out from the sound with 1500
letters, but instead of going on with the
mail he went back and reported the strike
at Nome and Golovin.' Nearly all the
gold hunters started out over the snow
and some of them suffered terribly. A
man named Rice and his party had to kill
and eat their dogs in order to preserve
their lives. As soon as the Ice broke up
the river steamer John Rr-iilv took all
the miners -he could carry to Cape Nome.
The .---. A ska was at Golovin Bay,
"round for Kotzebue. when the Bertha was
there, and she was to take away the re- ;
mainder of the miners from that place.
Golovin Bay Is In the same box as Cape
Nome as far as reports go. Some of the
returning miners say it Is rich and others
again condemn it. The fact of the matter
is that nothing will be known about
either place until the claims have Deen
worked and the returns come in. Every
inch of ground in both places has been
taken up. but so far very little gold has *
been taken out. as It has been impossible
to w-ork for want of fuel. This fault will
be remedied in a short time, and then it
will be known Just what the new diggings
are worth.
Among the passengers who came hack
on the Bertha without gold and only a
tale of suffering and death to tell was
Mrs. H. W. Benz of Clay City, Ky. She
and her husband went to Kotzebue Sound
and they had a terrible time of it. Mr.
Benz died of scurvy on May l."> and left
her alone. Three fishermen buried the
husband and marked his grave so that ,
if ever found it would be known who i
lay there. After many hardships Mrs. '
Benz reached Nuiato, where she was ]
taken care of by Father Ragura of the !
Catholic mission. He nursed her through \
an attack of scurvy and when she was >.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
maammtaaMmawmtat*.Bßamaa*aaM*******t ■ ____________________________*______* m '^
tFrom 77frs, Vaughn
to 77frs. ZPinkhain-
[LETTEß TO MRS. ri-TKBAtt no. 64,587]
*' Deab Fbikxd — years ago I had
child-bed fever and womb trouble, in
its worse form. For eight months after
' birth of babe I was not able to sit up.
Doctors treated me, but with no help.
I had bearing-down pains, burning in
stomach, kidney and bladder trouble
and my back was so stiff and sore, the
right ovary was badly affected and
everything I ate distressed me, and
there was a bad discharge.
I was confined to my bed when I
wrote to you for advice and followed
your directions faithfully, taking
Lydia, E. Pinkham Vegetable Com-
pound, Liver Pills and using the Wash,
■ and am now able to do the most of my
housework. I believe I should have
died if it had not been for your Com-
pound. I hope this letter may be the
result of benefitting some other suffer-
ing woman. I recommend your Com-
pound lo every one.'* — Mrs. Mabt
ViuGECsr, Trimble, P_x__*i_i Co., Kr.
Many of these sick women whose
letters we print were utterly dis-
couraged and life was a burden to
them when they wrote to Lynn. Mass.,
to Mrs. Pinkham, and without charge
of any kind received advice that made
them strong, useful women again. r ";. !
FELL EIGHT STORIES
TO INSTANT DEATH
GEORGE SCHADE, a twelve
year-old newsboy, fell from
J the eighth floor 'of the Mills
-__,_ building to the basement yes
terday morning and was instantly
killed.
The boy fell from elevator No. 1,
in charge of Clarence Johnson, while
ascending between the eighth and the
ninth floors, the elevator door at the
time being open sufficiently to allow
the boy's body to fall through. Schade
went to work last Monday delivering
copies of the Daily Pacific Builder to
downtown subscribers. "He went over
the route on Monday with his pre
decessor. Floyd Brown of 136 Fulton
street, and on Tuesday morning he
took charge of the route himself.
Schade got on the elevator at S:3O
o'clock to deliver a copy of the paper
to a subscriber on the eighth floor.
On the elevator as passengers were
an unknown boy and Ralph Henrici,
a clerk in the employment of an in
sufficiently recovered sent her on to St.
Michael. On her arrival there she learned
that the men who had started from Se
attle on the hunt for go with herself
and husband had all died of scurvy.
Their names were Captain Smith. Frank
Johnson, first mate; Earl Plumm'-r. a
young man from Port Townsend. Wash .
John Morrison of Duluth, Peter Johnson
and John - house of Seattle. James
Hutton of Hay City, Mien.. F. Cowder of
Bay City. Dan MoCalt of Illinois and
Captain Hibbard and his men from the
Eckrett. „
Mrs. Benz will remain in San Francisco
a few days and will then continue on to
Bay City. Mich., where she has a mother,
brother and sister livinr.
WERE LOST IN THE
REDWOODS OF MARIN
TWO ATTORNEYS, AN EDITOR
AND AN ACTOR BENIGHTED.
Families Were Much Worried Over
the Absence of the Quartet of
Pedestrians.
i .
The wires- of Marin County were kept j
hot all Sunday night and the morning of
Monday by the families and friends of
Otto Irving Wise and Marcus Rosenthal,
attorneys; A. W. Voorsanger. editor of the i
Emanuel and brother of the rabbi, and
Leo Cooper, the erstwhile comedian. They ,
were lost in the woods and for twenty
four hours wandered about without food.
making a bed of leaves around the,
warmth of an improvised log fire.
The party started from this city on
Saturday morning, intent upon a walking
trip to Bolinas and a return to Ross al
ley the following morning. They reached
Bolinas without mishap. After that their
adventures are a recital of, aching stom- :
achic voids and vain endeavors to find a |
trail which would lead them to a tele
graph station or a base of food supply.
On Saturday the quartet lunched at the
Redwood Grove and then began their
pedestrian tour. . They reached Willow
Camp and all was well. From that rest
ing place they tramped to the Summit
House on Bolinas Ridge, where they
stopped for the night.
With the rh*e of the sun the ambitious
pedestrians left the Summit House and
started down the canyon. Wise, with the {
recklessness of youth, advised the party
to forego the trail and follow a shorter
cut through the canyon. The rest agreed,
reiving upon the young attorney's su
perior knowledge in forestry matters.
That proved their undoing. All day they ,
wandered about, sometimes in circles, |
sometimes in spiral curves, without ever j
reaching a vantage ground from which
they might get their bearings.
The day dragged on hour by hour, and ,
the wailing, perspiring urban mountain
eers found themselves benighted. - All ,
their matches had been ruthlessly con- ;
sumed in the burning of tobacco. After j
a long search through his clothes Cooper, ,
j who had suddenly become a tragedian
under the stress of circumstances, found
the tip end of a parlor match. A log fire
was built, and, with a Hebrew incanta- \
tion by A. W. Voorsanger. the blaze be- :
gan to crackle. Wise was for prosecuting
the search for a telegraph office to notify \
his wife of his safety. He was overruled I
and the four silent watchers of the night
camped out. while craving stomachs as- c
serted their condition.
The next morning the lost pedestrians ;
followed the canyon until a trail was dis- ;
covered. Their original destination was
Ross Valley; they landed at Camp Tay- '
lor. The restaurants in that place have j
been scouring the country ever since for j
a renewal of supplies. : ;■' .:.*::~
■ ♦ «
EVENING WEDDING
AT ST. JOHN'S
Nuptials of Charles C. Wil
liamson and Miss Annie
McKay.
'St. John's Presbyterian Church was the
scene of a pretty wedding last evening,
the contracting parties being Charles Cy
press Williamson and Miss Annie Mabel
McKay. \ - .
. Rev. George Eldredpe performed the Im
pressive ceremony. The church was elab
orately decorated with flowers and the
English and American flags.
The bride was attended by Miss Ruth
Colby, who officiated as maid of honor, i
and Miss Redman and Miss Anderson,
who acted' as bridesmaids. Mr. Hunter
was best man and Mr.- Talsk groomsman.
Two little maids picturesquely attired in
pink led the way to the altar strewing |
flowers along the bridal path. Fred Mc-
Kay carried the cushion on which rested
the wedding ring. :
The bride wore an elegant gown of white
satin. The bridal veil was confined to the
coiffure by a wreath of orange blossoms.
Miss Redman wore a dainty gown of ■
mauve silk, and Miss Anderson was at
tired in pink silk." ,
The groom Is the son of Colonel William
THE SAN FRANCISCO ■CAUL..-' WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
surance company. Mr. Henrlci steppe
out of the cage at the eighth floor
and Just as the cage was ascending
Schade tried to get out through the
door which had not been closed and
latched and his body was caught be
tween the floor of the cage and the
grill work. In another second the
body was rolled and crushed and then
fell to the cement basement one hun
dred feet below.
After the accident Johnson kept
away from the reporters, and Chief
Engineer Thomas Morrin barred out
the reporters and for a while even the
Deputy Coroners who came with the
Morgue wagon for the body. This pe
culiar and suspicious conduct on the
part of Morrin gave rise to a report
that a murder had been committed in
the building.
The elevator man is blamed for not
closing the door of the cage before
starting to ascend after having
stopped at the eighth floor, but the
defense is made by the attorneys for
the building that there Is not sufficient
time to do this without seriously in
terfering with the speed of the ele
vator, and that closing the door as the
case ascends Is sufficient precaution
against such accidents as that of yes
terday provided the passengers are
not guilty of negligence.
Young- Sehade was an orphan and
lived with Mrs. Schenk, his guardian,
at 523 Valencia street. An inquest will
be held to-morrow morning.
son of the Fifth Northumberland Fusi
leers, and enjoys a reputation as a.foot
ball player. The bride is the daughter of
George McKay, prominent in local poll
tics. *
Mr. and Mrs. Williamson will leave this
morning for Santa Cruz, where the honey
moon will be spent.
. ♦ .
MCFARLAND WILL GO FREE.
Louis Kirschbaum Refuses to Prose
cute Him for Assault to Murder.
The preliminary^ examination of Frank
McFarland. charged with assault to mur
der upon Louis Kirschbaum at the Branch
County Jail, was called in Judge Mo
han's court yesterday. Kirschbaum re
fused to swear to a complaint. The Judge
put him under oath and he frankly said
that he had no desire to prosecute the
case, although his life was in danger for
several weeks. He said he had no recol
lection of the assault, as his mind was a
perfect blank on the subject.
Owing to the circumstances the Judge
said he was puzzled to know what to do,
as without Kirschbaum's testimony there
was no case. He said he would take the
matter under advisement till July 28.
An Unparalleled Record.
TO-DAY, JULY 26th
ON ITS FORTIETH ANNIVERSARY '
THE EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY
OF THE UNITED STATES
has on its books Outstanding Assurance for over a billion dollar*
$1,000,000,000.00
which is more than twice the amount accumulated by any other
company . in the world during a similar period of its History. Its
Assets amount to over V
$270,000,000.00
which is more than twice the amount held by any other co: pany
in the world on its fortieth anniversary. Its Surplus amounts to
over
$60,000,000,00
.which is also more than twice the amount held by any other com-
pany at the end of its fortieth year. ],; -"••'■"
The Equitable Life Assurance Society
120 Broadway, New York
6 ••Strongest in the World."
Agency : California, Nevada and Hawaiian Islands.
A. 7V\. SHIELDS, Manager,
EDIA/IN CRAMER, Cashier, \\ _
8 Crocker Building, San Francisco, Cal.
JUDGE DE RAVEN
ASKS FOR TWO
INDICTMENTS
He Refers to Dillard
and Loupe.
— ♦ —
GRAND JURORS INSTRUCTED
— •■ —
r _ *
ATTORNEY COOMBS WILL PUSH
THE MATTER.
—
Determination to Carry On the Prose
cution of Welburn and His Two
Confidential Agents if They
Are Indicted.
In charging the new Federal Grand
I Jury yesterday morning United States
l District Judge de Haven made some re
marks which caused a sensation in the
! courtroom and actually gave an appear
j ance of life to the usual midsummer dull-
I ness In the Appraiser's building.
It was understood at once that the court
had requested the new Grand Jury to do
what . its predecessors had failed to ac-
I complish, namely, the indictment of W.
I H. Dlllard and Louis Loupe for their acts
: while engaged in the Internal Revenue of
; fice in this city during the administra
j tion of Osca M. Welburn.
It will be remembered that after the ac
quittal of Welburn on the first trial some
of the trial jurors said that they could not
convict Welburn so long as Dlllard and
Loupe were allowed to escape. On the
; second trial recently the jury disagreed
and several of the jurors stated there
would not be any difficulty in convicting
all three, but that they did not propose
to make, a scapegoat of the disgraced ex
; Collector. ;„ : * ___ . .
Addressing the jury yesterday Judge de
i Haven charged them that it Was their
duty to examine Into and take the proper
' action on all violations of law. He called
.their attention particularly to section 5421
of the Revised Statutes, under which sec
tion Welourn was tried. The section deals
with the crime of "forging, altering, etc.,
documents with the Intent to defraud the
• Government." '"'..* .__.«'•___
After reading the section in full. Judge
' de Haven called the particular attention
\ of the jurors to the affairs of the Internal
Revenue Office of the First District of
I California. Further than that the court
• did not go. Immediately upon the dis
missal of the jury. United States District
Attorney Coombs visited Judge de Haven
■ in chambers and had a lengthy confer
' ence. The result of the conference was
that Mr. Coombs decided' to bring the
1 cases of Dlllard and Loupe at once before
the Grand Jury. Burt M Thomas, special
. internal revenue j agent, was afterward
closeted with Mr. Coombs for an hour
1 on the same matter. _11- :
After the conference Mr. Thomas said
to a reporter that he had presented the
cases of Dlllard and Loupe before the
same Grand Jury that indicted Welburn
and that the jury had failed to Indict
th"m. Those jurors had informed him
that they would not Indict Dlllard and
c Loupe unless Welburn were convicted.
"I have the evidence." added Mr.
; Thomas, "and I am prepared to present
it to the Grand Jury at any time. I will
Five, them all the facts and details that
can." ■ ; . ' . : V r
United States District Attorney Coombs
1 «aid- "I propose to carry out faithfully,
1 technically and justly everything that
'. will facilitate the work of the jury in
(compiling with the instructions of. the
I court. Inasmuch as these instructions
; have been given by the court, I shall,
: of mv own motion, present the matter to
the Grand Jury. With regard to Mr. Wei*
burn's case. I will say that if the acces
• sories are to be prosecuted justice should
surely require that the principal should
; be prosecuted also."
- The following named citizens constitute
) the new Grand Jury: William H. Brown.
foreman; A. H. Frank, secretary; Mau
-1 rice Sullivan, Francis M. Stevens, Joseph
, H. Scott. G. P. Ayres. Gustav L. Breese,
I B. F. Mead, .A. H. Castle, Edward B.
Read, E. Trittenbach. F. L. Hobson. A.
Hamilton. J. B. Toplltz. William May,
: Richard M. Donnelly. M. Webber. A. L.
House. Philip Phillips. P. B. Berges. R.
i F. Tilton. Edward Weil and Charles L.
i McCoy. ,•
OLD CLAIMS
WILL ALL BE
PAID TO-DAY
Wells to Audit Decem
ber Street Bills.
■ ■» —
ENOUGH CASH NOW ON HAND
: — _»
LABORERS HAD GIVEN UP HOPE
OF THEIR MONEY.
-  ►—
Supervisors Keep Their Pledge and
Set Aside $30,000 for the Pur
pose Money Due for De
cember, April, June.
A hundred and odd laborers who have ,
been working without pay for the Street ;
Department, merchants with miscellane- ;
ous claims against the city and warrant
brokers who have been buying up at half {
their face dubious claims dating from De- i
cember last, were all relieved of their
worries yesterday by the announcement
by Auditor Wells that labor and mer
chandise claims for December and April ;
and merchants' claims for June would all
be payable at the Treasurer's office after I
10 o'clock this morning. Mr. Wells will
have them ready at that hour.
The December claims have been consid
ered as so much lost by both laborers
and merchants since January 1. Even
the warrant brokers who as a general
thing do not overlook any bets when it
comes to discounting a city claim, have
been refusing to accept either December
or April bills for the past month. The
contracts upon which the city had bought
labor and supplies were all in excess of
the one-twelfth provision that binds the
departments, and Auditor Wells refused
to audit in excess of it.
Mr. Wells refused solely in the line of
his duty and for no other reason. . He ,
laid the matter before the Supervisors in I
an effort to find some relief for the city's
creditors, and as a result the Supervisors
recently pledged themselves to set aside
from some other fund $35,000 to meet the
demands. They made their promise good
by transferring $30,000 from the street- I
lighting to the street fund when they met
on Monday. This amount, to the
$811 received from the Sutro road, its
2 per cent contribution from its annual I
gross receipts, warranted the Auditor in j
opening up the treasury to back claims.
Early next week the Market-street Rail- j
way Company will pay In to the treasury
just a little short of $10,000 as its annual •
contribution, and this amount will be used I
In paying oft* the Street Department labor
claims for June. The December claims
unpaid amount to $15,733 58, the April
claims and June merchants' claims to I
$18,384 46.
Trunks moved. He: freight .ransf erred. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. (30 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
A BOY CAST ADRIFT.
Louis Jordan Sent From Tuolumne
County hy His Adopted Mother.
Louis Jordan, a homeless boy 10 years
of age. will be an inmate of the City
Prison until he Is sent to some charitable
institution or until those who have aban
doned him are compelled to take • him
back. He is a bright, intelligent boy,
whose life has not been a bed of roses.
Seven years ago he was taken from an
asylum at Laundry Farm by Mrs. James
Burch of Tuttletown. Tuolumne County.
She was then a Mrs. Jordan, and pave
him her husband's name. Since his adop
tion he has been compelled to work about
the house, and at rare intervals was per
mitted to go to school. A year ago, when
his adopted mother got married to James
Burch,- a miner, the boy was cast adrift,
but a neighbor took him In and treated
him kindly. Mrs. Burch, finding that he
was being well cared for, took him back.
On Monday last the boy was again cast
adrift and was brought to this city by
Henry Sopher. a cook, who was on his
way to Santa Cruz. Sopher got enough
money from Mrs. Burch to pay for the
boy's fare to this city, and when they ar
rived yesterday morning the boy was
turned over to the police.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __;,__,___.__,
#■:■••;■ »•;•■> -:■■>■;• ■>■;■ ■>•:•■»■:■ ♦••■»•••♦ •;- ♦•! ♦•i-»v -»•{•-» ■>$•■»•:■■> i- ■»*!■ • -i- • -t- » •:- ♦ -:- ♦ -?- ♦ ■»f^
| j Please Note the Following I
! Exceptional Values: I
I 850 pieces Fine Quality MADRAS; t
j + 31 inches wide, in handsome checks and plaids, at *"T
I 7 I-= 2 cents per yard. 1
ii t
! ♦ These elegant wash goods represent the surplus stock of a T
t manufacturer from whom we have purchased them at less T
than the' cost of production. We especially recommend them . __.
j *$* to our patrons and the public.
I ALSO— J
t. A special sample line of Ladies' Muslin Underwear, J
T including Gowns, Chemises, Drawers, Skirts and . ♦
{Corset Covers, which will cost prices. T
Corset Covers, which we will sell at cost prices, *
I
T (/(/ Murphy Building-, X ' ' <>
If Mar_et and Jones Streets. £
! j,.-., , : ,i, : , :, : i - -- i ,--,-, , ■-■- ,  , ■■ I
».i. ».»■». i.».i. »■!■♦. i- ».:->.i. >■:■♦■»•»■!• ___\_________\ I * :■■>■!■••:■■> I » ■!■>■!■ >■!■■» i * :■•
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SAlElj |
Mm On account of having ■
xi closed up my Sacra- F|
j*rW mento branch store I H
. ___ offer to my patrons and 81 j
__t_W_m_ the public in general ||
_______ 15000 worth of woolens. \_\ j
I__%____\f_ which I wish to turn Into I
t__sl%____ cash before my fall and I
___\ ____§ winter stock comes in. jj :
_fl _^r__\ __W S<?e prices in the window. I ;
| WK JOE POHEIM, I
h • 'i ; k^y| THE TAILOR. I:
__W___t 201-203 Montgomery St.. |
i «!;... 11 1U-11 I- Market St.. I
H ft SB San Francisco. p
P Iff _\ 4i *** Fourteenth St.. Oak- j
_ |] 1 land.
H™ W**nA 143 South Spring St.. " B
jfiJ -7__ Los Angeles. Cal. II
m***************ma*****m\
000000000000000000
Sw PALACE '"Po
%CRAND HOTELS %
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. __?
O 1400 Room'— 9oo v.: h *"ath Attached. ©
.O All Under One Management. O
O . NOTE THE PRICI*: O
O European Plan. per day and upward O
,_ American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward --
*» • Correspondence Solicited. "
O JOHN 0. KIBE. _ THIC-. Maaager. O j
000000000000 o O 0000
j£B__ »aoT«i*mt» IllfJll Ifi
Olff^T^ VITAUS
THE NEW
_.*d_t. a_a-_-»2a _l~ W' CDC II OU
i_rt_r 10th Da r . ■-_•>%, f rnEllUnii
! YITAUS »***• ** ? Rciacnv
I'ROl.l (IS THE AROTK 30th Day. 311-111 Cell 111
BESOTS. ltqui:kl>ainrelf reraoTeaKerrocasneM.lmpctcney, :
Hightijr CmtHii-Bi. Evil Dre»_» Wutin; D:«f»««s and all effret] !
of self-»b_»e or fracrsi and indc«cr-t;in Retort* Lr«t Vitality, .
; Power and Failir.p Memory. Wards off In«»n::v and for.iinip-
tion. ( when all ccxhna fail. Iniiiton ha-rins VITALIS,
no other. Can he carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
t per paekar* or in for *i.flO with a crniranteo to Car« or
Ittfmmi the Moner. Circular Free. Addrmn
CALUMET CVRf: CO.. 8&4 Dearborn St.. Cfclea_<*
■ Sold by ■ Owl Drug Co.. 3aidwtn l'han_ac>.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drug Co.. ta
Oakland by Owl Drue Co, ;
mi\wmm
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIG'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Fans, J. ESPIC ; N«w York, E. FODGIRA A CO.
SOLD BY ALL' DRUGGISTS.
tr_\ •C-lefceater'a Kacll*- Diamond Broad.
PeC-le-eeter- KagUi- Diamond BroaA.
ENNYROYAL PSLLS
\9 -(&*-%, Original and Only eeaalne. A
jT.f <_\_\ aire. iwm reliable, ladies tit _T\
i i _J\_\f^___ Drc*(cr!st (hr CSleHtsttrt _7i7f|-» D &■/*__,
6^H*pyS?i'*"" i Brand la Red aad Grtl metallic \%/(W
Tai-Jjboiea. aealed — I__ blae ribbon. Take i_T
tH _s^ W™e° other. ft'.-Vc* danjerrov; -iJ»:vr»- 7
I'/ ~" fjf ti sn» ac«_ imitali. na. A « Prnfc-lflti, or aead __.
I_» _w In stamp* fi>r pir-'calin. teaticaoirtic. and
\ ■©». JB " Relief for Ladles," in Utter, by rctara
■Jc. IT Mall. 10,000 Tettimoniili. tTssai Papsr.
. *ee--"rCl»lehe*terC>e_d<?_lCo.,M»idtaoei •«■_*%
mwii by ail Ucti PHrL\.'>A- PA
lERCE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
t R WEAK WOMEN. |
I ; A PERMANENT CURE I
ll A PERMANENT CURE |
I > of the most oljstin-te cases of Gonorrhoea _
7 and Gleet, guaranteed. In ft*o_] 3 to 6 C
i [ flays ; no, other treatment required- 5
' i . •■-•■■ Sold by a]) drng^sts. _>
___a__m_______tf__J BI " F "ii non-poictonooi
.*^»9Ry9St vmm^S__sS7^i remedy for Gocorrhcea,
CCBEc-Xffll Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
____Wia Ito i diyi. *q| whitei. unnatural lie-
____¥ OuraafKd _\ charges, ->r any inflimina-
M*—* not to »trie»ar*. tion. irritation or uioera- i
. __^ ejifn-eati contagion. tion of noconi mem
Ta-VHtEv«K3 CHEW*- ' I Co. branee. Non-astringent
MAClNaNlliTl.o.B___i *<>■<* *»J Or-**ci-tA.
M»»3k. D" _ __[•">* " ent io P lain crupper.
-a^H^^_' ' ___w_\\ "J expresa. prepaid, tot .
%S9*\\\\m\\%t\mWv'm\ J.'- 00 - or ' bottle. |3.: a.
m 9 \\__mWV>' ■ Otrca-w Mat «a r_t__&
_$S_________ ara-^gs.
(1 "PATENTSI I)
V_^-^ ' '" ' ■— — &£*__*
MARKET ST. SfS£y
CONCEitTS AND RESOHTS.
CHUTES JND ZOO.'
EVERY AFTERNOON* AND EVENING'
810 VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
NOW OX FREE EXHIBITION.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO. /'
ORAXO OUTAXO: .[ . .
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY, AMATEUR RIGHT
FAT LADIES' BIIYCLt RACE!
Reserved ' Seats by Phone, Steiner IS3I.
D&.l'l'l^ These who were there
__ gay the Panorama U a
-raif • correct representation.
\_W*\ Lectures by Prof W.
__ -■ •'; G. -ROLLINS • aft-ar-
l\J_ _-_ *-_ _ 1 _r_ noons add ere nines. '
iTlallHa Market ft., nr. Eighth.
Admission, SOc.
gay! •"•-' cmAr^ ke '-
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN- — — ■ NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to It P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10.... V: .*:...:;...■.. CH1LDREN. 5e
Bathing, Including Admission 25c; Children 20c.
AMUSEMENTS. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! to-night:
Revival on a "Srand Scale of the Greatest of
: ;r.~ ' ' of Comic Operas.
WANG!
. Final Appearance of Edwin Stevens!!
All the Favorites in the Cast?!
A Gorgeous Production in Every Detail!!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY, opening of tha
GRAND OPERA SEASON, In Italian, German
and English. WITH FAMOUS LYRIC
ARTISTS FROM EUROPE. Enlarged Or-
chestra and ■ Chorus. Magnificent - Scenery,
Costumes and Effects. Seats now on sale.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and 50 Cents.
OUR TELEPHONE, BUSH 3. .
COLUMBIAN-
ONLY 4 NIGHTS MORE AND SAT. MAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Mr. HENRY MILLER
And A SPECIAL COMPANY.
In a Superb Revival of the Romantic Comedy.
HEARTSEASE.
As presented at the Baldwin Last Tear.
CAST OF UNPARALLELED STRENGTH.
Next Production— "HAMLET."
A Production of Magnificence.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
ECLIPSES ALL!
Best Performance Ever Given By
MISS BLANCHE BATES
■ AND COMPANY OF PLAYERS.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
Sardou's Greatest Comedy Drama,
MADAME SANS GENE
Mr. Augustus Cook, in his original creation of
"NAPOLEON."
Entire new scenery, costumes and stag* ap-
pointments.
Reserved Seats. 25c. 50c, 75c and $1.
Matinee. 25c, 50c and 75c.
-Seats now on sale for Bronson Howard's
Beautiful Comedy . Drama, "ONE OF OUR
GIRLS." -W
COMMENCING MONDAY NIGHT, July 31.
MATINEE TO-PAY (WEDNESDAY), July -S.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
15-NEW PEOPLE !-l5
LAURA JOYCE BELL & CO.
LA FAFALLA.
ELIZABETH. MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME.
THE ELDRIDCES.
KILPATRICK AND BARBER.
GEORGE WILSON.
MINNIE PALMER.
,;;;;jjtES BROWNS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE HOME OF OPERA IN ENGM J_
ANOTHER ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
FAUST!
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. 85c and 50c
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. 25c. '■->-."■:-,<••--.:■•.■■'
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. 15c.
GALLERY, 10c - ;" '■^;.
MATINEE SATURDAY. -
Next week— The funniest of all funny operas —
' BOCCACCIO rt
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can
be purchased for 23c. Family Circle, 15c
Gallery 10c. .
Telephone Main i3.\ ; *e>>V-,.; : .
ALCAZAR™
ONLY 6 MORE TIMES OF ,"
LEWIS MORKISON
In a Gorgeous Spectacular Production of
FAUST!
Positively His Last Appearance en Any Stags
of His Created Role of -■ t •
/WEPHISTO.
Big Cast. Strong Chorus and New Scenery.
: PHONE MAIN 231
PRICES. ..... . _ i: iac, 25c, 35c. 51:.
Next— FLORENCE ROBERTS IN "ROMEO
AND JULIET. '
OLYMPIA.
Eddy St.. Cor. Mssoi.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
GREAT NEW ATTRACTIONS from the East.
CHANDLER anTMcPHERSON
Operatic Duo.
MINERVA,
Queen of Burlesque.
SEYMOUR BROS.,
/ Acrobats. . "
TWELVE STAR ACTS. '
ADMISSION FREE MATINEE Bl'STi***
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver unchanged.
Wheat dull; freights steady. '
Barley future declined - _
Oats in moderate supply and rteaay.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay in lighter receipts, but dull.
Feedstuffs generally weak.
Beans firm and Seeds dull.
Grain Bags advanced a fraction.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions firm.
Sharp decline In Tomatoes.
Poultry quiet and weak.
Peaches still choice the market.
Plums scarcer and firmer.
Some changes in dried fruits.
Provisions still active and firm.
Hides. Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market about the same.
Oils, unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 25—5 P. m. j
The following maximum temperatures are re- |
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka &6 San Diego 68
Fresno I°2 Sacramento '.HI
Us Angles 70 independence » ■*-
Red Bluff - 98 Yuma , *■"» j
fen 'Franco I daia-Maximum temperature.!
12; minimum, 52; mean. 57.
SVEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the south- \
irn half of the Pacific Slope. A depression of ,
moderate depth overlies Nevada and I tan and i
hill probably cause showers to-night and t
•Wednesday morning over the country between
the Sierras and Rockies. .
The temperature has risen rapidly over the
lorthern half of the Pacific Coast. Throughout j
California the temperatures are about normal,
In the vicinity of San Francisco there is a )
■vertical thermal gradient of 1 degree rise for
•very -00 feet elevation. ]
A thunder storm is reported at Cedar City, ■
Utah, and light showers are reported at Carson |
City.' Boise and Pocatello. '■."•'- _ __,__
Forecas' made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 26. 1899:
Northern California—Fair Wednesday; much
warmer in the interior, with northerly winds;
westerly winds on the coast, with fog Wednes
flay afternoon.
Southern California— Wednesday; fresh
Westerly winds.
Nevada—Cloudy Wednesday, with showers
early in the morning; warmer Wednesday
night. _'-_,
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; probably showers
tarlv Wednesday morning.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Wednesday;
fresh westerly winds, with fog Wednesday
night. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW • YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW. YORK. July 25.— stock market
continued well nigh lifeless to-day, only a few
Stocks showing any movement of price worthy
of note. The movement was so narrow and
sluggish that it was difficult at times to dis
tinguish the tendency of prices; Rock Island
showed an opening gain of %. while St. Paul
opened down % St. Paul was not influenced
at all by the statement of earnings in the
third week, which again broke all previous
records. The market was heavy all day and
was the only one of the granger group which
hung below last night's level for most of the
day. Late In the day there was an Increased
demand for Rock Island, which lifted Its price
about a point above last night's level. The
Southwestern rose at the same time over a
point each. lowa Central also continued to ad
vance. There was a period of midday strength |
In the Pressed Steel Car stocks, which rose I
34 arid 24 respectively. A simultaneous move- j
ment, apparently sympathetic, affected Na
tional Steel and' Tennessee Coal and Tin J*late, j
-and later the American Hoop stock rose 2%
and 1% respectively. None of these gains was
fully held, and, on the other hand, American j
Smelting and Colorado Fuel showed sharp de
clines. General Electric was advanced to
1244. but reacted a point. The serious aspect I
at Cleveland of the street car strike had rather
a depressing effect on the market. The day's
business was close to the lowest level of the |
year.
The bond market was dull and irregular, ex* j
cept for a large absorption of St. Louis South
western seconds. Total sales, par value, $1,710,
--000. United State* new 4's registered declined
% and the old 4's registered and the 3's % In ]
the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,100 Atchison 19%
9,350 Atchison prefd .... 61%
' 220 Baltimore & Ohio 48
300 Canadian Pacific 96%
160 Canada Southern 53
700 Central Pacific 51%
2.020 Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
2,060 Chicago Great Western 14%
10,995 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 137
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 9%
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 41
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 73 j
. ; 700 Chicago & Northwestern .'.160% I
22.365 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific. ..ll9% I
1,070 C, C. C. & St. Louis 58
100 Colorado Southern 4% j
....... Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43% :
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16% j
100 Delaware & Hudson ; 122
Delaware, Lackawanna & Western. l 67
Denver & Rio Grande 27
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74% ;
Erie 13% !
..:.... Erie Ist prefd 36%
100 Great Northern prefd 166 ]
......'. Hooking Coal .-. 14
Hocking Valley 21%
767 Illinois Central 116%
1,350 lowa Central 13%
1,700 lowa Central prefd 53%
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 7
Lake Erie & Western 17%
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 75%
Lake Shore 201%
1,175 Louisville & Nashville 73
2,600 Manhattan L 118
3.310 Metropolitan Street Railway 211%
Mexican Central ... 14%
Minneapolis & St. Louis. 544
Minneapolis & St. Louis prefd 89%
1,750 Missouri Pacific ... i 47%
:. Mobile & Ohio 45
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 11%
2.V) Missouri, Kansas A Texas prefd.'... 34%
1.000 New Jersey Central II." 1
11,311 New York Central 140%
100 Norfolk & Western 20%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd 7'-i
2.100 Northern Pacific .._.. 50%
265 Northern Pacific p"fe?fd 77%
110 Ontario & Western 26
; Oregon Railway & Navigation 40 .
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 75
29.610 Pennsylvania .* 136%
200 Reading 20%
£00 Reading Ist prefd 69*-
Reading 2d prefd 32%
Rio Grande Western 30
....... Rio Grande Western prefd '. 78
fit. Louis & San Francisco 10%
St. Louis & Son Francisco Ist prefd 69%
400 St. Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 36%
10,250 St. Louis & Southwestern 16
15,775 St. Louis & Southwestern prefd.... 38%
7,420 St. Paul 1324
St Paul prefd 173
St. Paul & Omaha 108
■ 1,120 Southern Pacific 31% I
3CO Southern Railway 11%
810 Southern Railway prefd- 51% '
1,300 Texas & Pacific 22'_
SCO Union Pacific --_ 43%
l.eoS Union Pacific prefd 77
.....v.. Wabash :. 7%
2.110 Wabash prefd' :...' , 22
130 Wheeling & Lake Erie ..- -9%
V • Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d -prefd ....%%_ '.
I 100 *.Viacp_sln Central - _S
' '' '.< <• 0 Express o Companies— :
■ »^. ",:■'. ". Adam 5 .....!». ..°. %.."....: .«.• 113
„ American '..*..«.. _..... ... .'.-.13S
• ISC United States -»..., :•. 49
"y(. ...... TV'elis Fa-ttc* : -.125
o „ ; "_-;6i-.-ellaneous ' »'-" i
. 500 American Cotton OIJ ....-...; I*. 41%
".. ..,.". American Cotton Oil prefd 92
V.r.'.v" American Malting U , 17%
200 American 'Malting prefd .-. ; 69%
'-■• 370 American Smelting & Refining 37%
; _ ° 875 " American Smelting ■& Refining pfd. 84%
.... .. American ' Spirits prefd 29
* 4;550 American Steel Hoop .- 31%
.* 1.5t.0 c American Steel Hoop prefd 77%
_ 2.000 J American Steel & Wire- ... 56%
173 American Steel & Wire prefd.. 95%
WO .American Tin Plate 38%
250 American Tin Plate.- prefd 84%
CCS "'American Tobacco .'. 97%
'.....-.. American Tobacco prefd 141
' 2.".eJ0 Anaconda Mining Co ". 55%
11,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit IK,
3 »200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
2,400 Continental Tobacco 41 '4
43*" Continental Tobacco prefd 81%
2,720 Federal Steel 68
465 Federal Steel prefd 80%
4 7 General Electric 123%
...... Glucose Sugar 69
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 107
• 1,060 International Paper 46%
300 International Paper prefd 78%
Laclede Gas / .54
1,279 National Biscuit 47%
National Biscuit prefd ; 97%
1-50 National Lead 86%
100 - National Lead prefd 112
1 .7 " National Steel 49%
710 National Steel prefd , -91%
325 New York Air Brake 201 '
127 North American 11%
Pacific Coast 38
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84 •
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 55
300 Pacific Mail '.... 48
' 850 People's Gas — .........118
780 Pressed Steel Car 64%
1.630 Pressed Steel Car prefd ...'.; ..-. 86%
.'...Pullman Palace Car 159
620 Standard Rope A Twine 7
6,100 Sugar 157
Sugar prefd ........". 118
1,000 Tennessee Coal A Iron '.. 69%
420 United States Leather ...'. 6%
350 United States Leather prefd 72%
100 United States' Rubber 49%
....... United States Rubber prefd 115%
280 Western Union 90
127.400 Shares sold. I < • ■ ''■ t
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100*4 M X & T 2ds 68
Do 3s reg 108% Do 45.. 93
Do 3s coup 109 N V Cent Ists 112%
Do new 4s reg.... 129 N J Cent gen 55. .121%
Do new 4s c0up. .130 No Carolina — 12. V-
Do old 4s reg 112% Do 45...'. 104
Do old 4s c0up... 113*. No Pacific lsts 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 35.. 6.%
Do 5s coup 112% Do -Is 103% <
Dist of C 3. Ms 119 N V C& St L 45.. 10;
Alabama class A.. 109 Nor & W con 45... 9o
Do class 8.......109 Do gen 6s 130
Do class C 104 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..113%
Do Currency 98 - Do 45...., 102
Atchison gen ...101% Oregon SL 6s 132
Do adj 4s 85% Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 111% Reading gen 45.... BSH
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% Rio G West lsts... 98
Do 5s 119 St L-& I M con 1>5. 11376
Chi &N W con 78.145 St L& S F gen 65.124%
Do S F deb 55. ...122 V* St Paul con 170
Chicago Term 45... 99 St PC & P lsts... 121
Den & Rio G lsts.. 106 I Do 5s .......12l!4
Do 4s 106%, 50 Railway 5s 10 %
E T V & G lets.... 102% Stand R & T 65... 85
Erie gen 4s ,72%JTenn new set 35... 95
FW& D C lsts... 78 Tex & Pac 15t5.... 116%
Gen Electric 65. ...118 ! Do 2d5.. .......... 56
G X & S A 6s 113 I Union Pacific 45.. 106
Do 2t*s 108 Wabash- lsts 116
H&T Css 110% Do 2ds J»2%
Do con 66 112 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent lsts 113% Wis Cent lsts 75%
X C P & G lsts.... 61% Va Centuries 86%
La new con ...106 Do Deferred 5%
L & N unified 45.. 99% Colo Southern 45.. 89%
MINING STOCKS. j
Chollar 35 Ontario 6 50 1
Crown Point 25 Ophlr lw
Con Cal & V 1 SO Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver _ 10
Gould & Curry 35 5 Do prefd b__ 1
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 66
Homestake 65 00 Standard __
Iron Silver 50 Union Con i_ j
Mexican :.. 50 Yellow Jacket JO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West End. 96
Call loans 3®4 I Do prefd •••••I. 14 ,
Time loans 3&4% Westlnghouse El.. 60
Stocks— ••■ j Do prefd 66%
Atch Tor &St Fe. 19% Mining Shares—
Do prefd 61% Adventure 9%
American 5ugar... 157% Allouc-z Mln C 0.... 7%
Do prefd US Atlantic 30
Bell Telephone 348 Boston & Mont 366 ]
Boston & Albany.. Butte & 805t0n.... 78% j
Boston Elevated... 111% (Calumet & Hecla..Bls |
Chi Bur & Q 137 Centennial 33%
Fitchburg prefd. ..ll7 Franklin 19
Gen Electric 123 Humboldt 2
Federal Steel 55% Osceola 87
Do prefd 80% Farrott 53
Mexican Central... 14%|Quincy •" I ?Xw
Mich Telephone.... 97% Santa Fe Copper... 13%
Old Colony 205 Tamarack 221
Old Dominion 37% Winona 12
Rubber 50 Wolverine 46
Union Pacific *_*_ Utah 44
Union Land 7%
SILVER SHIPMENT.
NEW YORK, July 25.— steamship Ma
jestic, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 101,000 ounces of silver and 100.000 Mexican
dollars.
LONDON MARKET.
. NEW YORK, July 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's T«ondon financial cablegram says:
The markets here were firm and quiet to-day.
while Westralian mines were buoyant. Ameri
', cans opened hard, the strikes being disregarded,
c but the business done amounted to very little.
i The close was fractionally higher on New York
buying. Montreal, bought Canadian Pacific ami
' Berlin sold. Money at the close was unlendable.
! Bills, however, were hard. The bank is feel
ing its way to tight rates by borrowing gold.
It bought £20,000 gold In bars and £15.000 In
German com. Forty-four thousand pounds ar
rived from Austria and £20,000 was taken for
South America. :." ~
CLOSING. :: ;
LONDON, July Canadian Pacific, 99%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 79% ; Union Pacific
preferred. 79%; Atchison, 20%: Grand Trunk.
7%; Anaconda, 1 *: Bar Silver, steady, 27% d
per ounce; Money, I%S_ per cent.
. NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
32,091: exports, 20.611. More active and firmer
for spring patents. Minnesota patents, $3 75®
3 90: winter straits, $3 35@3 50; Minnesota
bakers. $3@3 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 559,150; exports, 120,919.
Spot, firm; No! 2 red, 77% cf. o. b. afloat spot:
p No. 1 Northern Duluth, 78% cf. o. b. afloat
j spot; No. 1 hard Duluth. 82% c f. o. b. afloat
to arrive; No. '2 red, 75% c elevator. Options
steady on smaller Northwest receipts. They
' subsequently broke under liquidation and disap
pointing the late French cables, but. finally re
covered. Chief among the late stimulating In
i fluences were small primary receipts. The close ;
was strong at l .<ft%c net advance. July, 75% @
76% c, closed. 7S%c; September, 75 5-16@76 7-16 c. 1
closed. 76% c; December, 77%@78%c, closed 78% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL—
METALS— upward movement in the price
of tin appears- to be In Its infancy. To-day the
market was strong and excited with the close
100 points higher. The leading bullish inllu- j
ences consisted of strong London cables, good
reports from home markets, and urgent demand j
from consumers. The balance of the list was
quiet and about unchanged. At the close the
Metal Exchange called piglron warrants nom
inal at 14c.
. LAKE COPPER— Firm at $18 50.
Unsettled, with $31 25 bid, and $31 75
LEAD— with $4 55 bid and $4 57%
SPELTER— Quiet at $6 25. The brokers'
i price for lead is $4 35, and for copper, $18 50. •
BUTTER— Receipts. 16,977 packages. Market
j steady; Western creamery, 15@18c; factory, 11
®14% C. ■:'.-
EGGS — Receipts, 15,482 packages. Steady;
' Western. 10@15c.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, unchanged to
' 5 potaits lower. Sales. 4250 bags. Including:
August, $4 35:. May, $5 15. Spot— Rio, dull and
! easy. Mild— Quiet:
SUGAR — Raw quiet, but steady; refined'
steady. • -.* ■' \ .•**•.'
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July California dried
1 fruits firm. .^iif-'
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6%®Bc;
prime wire tray, S%@B%c; choice,' B%®9c; fan
; cy. 9M,(g9%c. ■ • •
PRUNES— 3% ®B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI and Moorpark, 14c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 11-311140.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Special cable and tele
[ graphic despatches to Bradstreet's show the
' following changes in available supply as com
pared with last ■ accounts: Wheat—
j States and Canada, east of the Rockies, ml
l crease 1,678,000 bushels; afloat for and in
Europe, decrease 900,000: total supply, Increase
678,000 bushels. Corn— .United States and Can
ada, east of the Rockies, increase 91,000 bush
: els. United States and Canada, east of
j the Rockies, decrease 1,149,000 bushels. The
I aggregate stocks of -wheat held at Portland,
I Ore., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., Increase
j 40,000 bushels last week.
"
CHICAGO -GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 25.— An estimate of 225,000,
--i 000 bushels as the probable yield of the spring
I crop In Minnesota and the two Dakotas started
j wheat rather easy. September opened %c lower
i at 70%@70%c, advanced slowly to 70% c, then
! declined to 70% c. A report from Paris that the
1 French crop this year would equal that of a
• year ago had a depressing Influence during the
I first two hours' trading. After that, however,
: the market took a sudden upturn and continued
*t*.ror}g until the close. ■ September advanced to
'71 %c and closed at 71%@71%c. The change of
sentiment was brought about by a flood of
damage reports from the Northwest, some of
them placing the. Injury already done spring
wheat at 20 to 25 per cent. The smallness. of
primary Western receipts, amounting to only
675,000 bushels, was also an inspiration to the
bulls to-day, for the first time in several weeks
b'elns less than for the same day last year.
Liquidation, owing to heavy receipts, weakened
corn, but the loss was more than recovered
' later by buying against puts in -sympathy with
the advance In wheat. Crop reports were less
': promising than heretofore and country offer
. ings extremely small. September closed with
\ a gain of %c. . ;<:»'.*"-■.:-
Oats followed other grains, opening at the
j low point, and' closing at the top. Reports
1 from various sections say that the new crop
i Is running^ to straw. September gained %c.
Provisions opened firm, but collapsed under
1 free' selling by packers and commission houses.
This latter selling was principally on stop-loss
: orders. Part of the' decline was recovered in
; sympathy" with the advance In grains. Pork
I lost I2%c ' for September, lard oc to 7%c, and
i ribs 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
i Articles— ' Open. • High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .' * ■■■-,?.._- -
July , 70 . 70% 69% 70%
September ; 70% 71% 70% 71%
December 72%. 73% .' 72% 73%
Corn No. 2—
July 32% 32% ,31% 32%
September 31% 32 31% 32
! December .......... 30 30% 23% so%
Oats No. 2— • ..'
July .■ :.... 24% -25 24% 24%
September 19% 19% 19% 19% <
December 19% 19% 19% 19%
May.'....".: -21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
September 9 00 9 05 8 80 S 90
October- ...9 07% 9 07% 8 82% 8 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 47% 550 5 37% 6 42%
1 October '.. 565 555 645 '_ 471 ,
I Short Ribs,' per 100 poupds—
September 5 1.%. 6 -'0 5 ]_% 515
j October -6 20 5 22%' 6 15 6 20
Cash quotations were as follows;
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
70c:'. No. 3 spring wheat. 64@G9%c; No. 2 red,'
70%@71%c;-No. 2 corn, 32Vic;No. 2 oats, 24%@
24% c; No. 2 white, 26c; No. 3 white, 22%ig26c:
No. 2 rye, 52c; No. 2 barley, 33@43c; No 1
flaxseed, 97c; prime -timothy seed, $2 45; mess
pork, per barrel, $8 80@8 85; lard, per 100
pounds. 15 35@5 45; short rib sides. loose,. $5®
, 05; dry -salted shoulders, boxed, ,• 6%cg^%c;
■ ■■'•• . '
THE SAN FBAIS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 2fi. 1899.
short clear . sides, boxed. *5 30@5 40; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21,000 ' 10,000
Wheat, bushels 93,000 4,000
Corn, bushels 609.000 826,000
Oats bushels 312,000 283,000
Rye, bushels -4,000 2,000
Barley, bushels .....;...... 26,000 .......
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy: creameries. 12®17c ; dairies,
11@15%c. Eggs, weak and dull ; fresh, 11%*3
12c. Cheese, unchanged.
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 56% 68% 510
Closing 5 6% 6 9 6 10%
PARIS FUTURES. '; 'My?
Wheat— v, Sept. Sept-Dec.
Opening ....20 25 20 65
i Closing 20 25 20 65
Flour ■;■ - _, _,
Opening 44 20 28 35
Closing 43 &5 2820
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.'
1 CHICAGO, July California fruit sold to
i day. Abundance Plums, averaged $1 05: Brad
[ shaw, $104; Kelsey Plums, averaged »1 75;
I Peach Plums, averaged ?1 30; Tragedy Prunes,
I averaged $1 20; Bartlett Pears, averaged $2;
half-boxes, 90c; Early Crawford Peaches, $102,
< Tuscan Cling, 90c. ' " " "' , . .. '•_
NEW YORK. July 25.— California fruit sold
i to-day: Burbank Plums, $1 15@1 75. averaged
I $1 60; Eureka Plums, averaged $2 25: German
1 Prunes, averaged $1 30; Purple Duanes. aver
! aged $1 30; Quackenboss. averaged $1 60: Vic
toria, averaged $1 23: Tragedy Prunes, $110®
1 40, averaged 81 11: Wlckson Plums. $2 90: Yel
! low Egg. averaged $1 36; Early Crawford Peach
i es, 70c@$l 15, averaged 98c; Foster, ooc@sl 16.
averaged* 9Sc; Decker, averaged 11 40; Susque
■ hanna, $1 03: Tuscan Cling. 96c@$l 35. averaged
i $1 20; Bartlett Pears. $1 75<3)2 15. averaged, $1 86;
i half-boxes, 80c; Congress Pears, half-boxes,
' SI 88
PHILADELPHIA, July 26.— Early Crawford
Peaches, boxes, 90c® $1 26, average $1 17; foster
Peaches. $I®l 30, average $1 21; St. Johns,
average $1 ; Yellow Free Peaches, boxes, average
37- Burbank Plums, single crates, 75c<5!Sl i-
average $1 03: Bradshaw Plums, single crates,
$1 13; Diamond Plums, $1 30; German Prunes,
single crates, $1 06<ftl 15, average $1 J O7 ;_ Purple
Duanes, $1 18; Satsuma. average II 06: Tragedy
Prunes, single crates, $1 05 iff 1 20, average $1 07,
Washington Plums, average $1 06: Wlckson
! Plums. $1 17; Yellow Egg, $1 10. Five cars sold
I to-day. .. . '■■ ..;,] •'; ,. . ; ; /';
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 25.— CATTLE— Both the sup
ply and demand to-day were moderate, and
prices underwent no appreciable change. Good
to choice steers brought $5 25®5 85; commoner
grades, *4 20@5 20; cows, bulls, and heifers, $2®
5 10; stockers and feeders. $3 40® 4 75: Western
fed steers, "4 r.o-Q 5 60; stockers and feeders, $3 40
©4 75; Western fed steers, $4 50@5 65; Texas
steers, $3 5006; calves. $4 50cf6 50.
HOGS— Trade was slow, with prices fully 5c .
lower. Fair to choice lots. $4 45«®4 60: heavy
packers $4 1504 42%; butchers, $4 30@4 60;
mixed. '$4 35® 4 60; lights, $4 45@4 70; pigs.
$.", 80®4 60. ' .''.___ ">' V
SHEEP— There was a fairly active slaughter
ing demand at steady prices. Prime lambs
were scarce and brought 15®25c more than at
the close last week. Poor to prime sheep. $2 25
@5 25. chiefly $4 25® 4 50; yearlings, $4 50®5 60;
cull lambs, $4 25@4 50, and good to prime flocks,
$6 40® 6 85. - v.- i
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 17,000; sheep, 10,
--000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 25.— The wool market here Is
generally stronger than a week ago and the
market Is quoted higher, while the demand ;
continues active. Fleece wools fairly active at
32®33c for Ohio Delane, and 30c for XX and
above. -'" : - '- "- ''.
Territory wools are meeting with quick de
mifhd on the scoured basis of 50c and 52c for
fine medium and fine. '
Australian wools are nearly cleared up and
manufacturers are said to now realize that
these wools will be wanted. About all the fine
grades that were not shipped to Europe have
been purchased by a few leading manufac
turers..
Territory Wool— Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine, 15@18c; scoured, 50<ff52c; sta
ple, 53®55c; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium and
! fine. 15®17c; scoured. 49® 51c: staple, 53© 55 c;
' Idaho, * fine and medium and fine, 14®17c:
scoured, 50@52c; medium, .16@18c; scoured, 44@
46c.
Australian scoured basis:— Combing superfine,
78®80c; good, 74(5 76c: average, 70@73c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 25.— Consols, 106%: Sliver,
27% d; French Rentes, lOW 45c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers Indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, quiet.
j LIVERPOOL July 25.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
1 standard California. 6s ld@6s 2d; Wheat in
1 Paris, easy; Flour in Paris, weak; weather in I
j England, overcast.
COTTON— 3%d.
WHEAT— Spot firm; No. - red Western win
i ter, 5s 9d; No. 1 Northern spring, .is 10% d; No.
1 California. 6s<i7 6s Id. Futures— Steady; July, j
.> •*%•!; September, 5s 9d; December, 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot steady; American mixed old,
3s id; July, nominal.
Receipts of Wheat during the past three days, j
207.000 centals, including 71,000 centals Ameri- ■
can.
Receipts of American Corn during the past j
three days, 195,200 centals.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 25.— Clearings, $751,- j
258; balances. $37,261.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., July 25.— Nominal quota- I
tions for Walla Walla wheat to-day were
from 5615 57 c, but there were no sales reported 1
at these prices and some of the exporters gave '
55c as the outside value for export- purchases. i
Valley remains stagnant at about 58c; Bluestem,' |
59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July 25.— Wheat shows no j
change. Club remaining at 56c, Bluestem "3t.
LOCAL MARKETS.
•' 4
EXCHANGE . AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ...... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight • — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Mexican Dollars ...*". 49% 50
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Freights are quiet but steady at
32s 6d, usual options, . though 35s Is asked for
Barley ships. The chartered wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 36,000, against 12,
--400 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 8845 tons, against 17,000; on the way to
this port, 204,860 tons, against 212,000.
WHEAT— The Chicago market advanced
slightly, news being rather more bullish. In
dications were for another hot- spell In the
Northwest. Receipts continued to decrease,
and wires from Minneapolis reported crop pros
pects in Minnesota reduced 20 per cent dur
ing the past fortnight. The bulls talked high
er, but were too timid to follow their convic
tions. The crowd were short and bearish on
lower cables toward the close, and raided the
market.
The local situation was unchanged, the de
mand on shipping account being .light. •
Spot Wheat— Shipping $1 05@1 07%; milling,
$1 08%@1 12%. .....
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— : o'clock— Booo ct"s.,
$1 12%; 14,000, $1 13.
Second Session— l4,ooo ctls., $1 12; 2000, $1 13%.
Regular Morning December— Booo
ctls.. 13%; 54,000. $113%; 16,000, $113%.
Regular Afternoon Session— 4ooo ctls., $1 13%;
6000, $1 134; 12.000, $1 13%.
BARLEY— The market continues weak and
the demand Is poor, both on shipping and local
•account. Spot stocks are still small. There
was quite a decline In futures. ■
Feed, new. 90<g»5c; Brewing, 97%c@$l 02%;
old Brewing, $1 05@1 10; Chevalier, $1 12%@1 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December 2ooo
ctls., 87% c: 200, 87% c; 14,000. 87c: 6000, 86% c; 6000,
86% c; Seller, '99, new— lo,ooo, 85.'. '. - ''• " . •'■ -'
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls., 87% c;
6000. 87% c. • ■':«. ■■■■'■
Regular Morning Session— December—
ctls., BSc; 10,000, 87% c; Seller '99, new— 6ooo, 86c;
4000, 86% c.
Afternoon Session— '99, new— 2ooo ctl».,
S6c; December— 2ooo,' 87% c.
OATS— The market continues In good shape
for sellers, receipts being moderate and the'
demand fair. New white are selling, at $125®
1 40, and new red at $1 074®1 15 per ctl.
• CORN— The market has not changed for some
time. Offerings are smaller than they have
been, but the demand Is nothing extra, i Small
round Yellow. $1 30@l-35; Eastern large Yellow,
$1 10@1 15; White. $1 1001 15; mixed,, $1 10* per
ctl.; California White, $1 174-31 22%. :
RYE— is quoted at 90@92%c per ctl. The
demand is not as quick as a week ago.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. , _: V . '
FLOUR. AND MILLSTUFFS. '
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60-3.1 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for j superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: ; Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Commeal, Is 2 50;
I extra {.ream Cornmeal, ; $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5(W55
4 75: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, .. $3 25#3 50;
Buckwheat Flour. $4-54 25; Cracked ' Wheat,
$3 75; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 55i@6 96; In sacks,
$6 35@6 75; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50;
Green Peas, $5 per 100 lbs. , ', • i X-^fJ
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay suddenly fell off to 340 tons,
but the excessive receipts of the preceding day
still hung over the market and business was
very dull. There was no change In prices.
Bran and Middlings are weak, but no lower.
The feeling in all feedstuffs Is easy. -
BRAN— $15 50® 16 50 per ton. • *
MIDDLINGS— $17 50&19 50 per ton. »
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per .ton;
Oilcake Meal at the will. $27@28:_ jobbing,
$28 50-529;- Cocoanut Cake,, $20@21; „, C0r 7 1 I nea . 1
-523 50©24 50; /Cracked Corn, $24!525; Mixed Feed,
$lE®l6; Cottonseed Meal, $24®26 per ton. _ .
Wheat, $7®9 for good and $9 50 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. $7®B *■»; Oat $6@B,
Barley. $5®7; Island Barley, $5®6; Alfalfa, $o@
7 50 per ton. i. >- "",:"•;
STRAW*— 2O®4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue firm, but the sharp advance
of a week ago is no longer kept up. There is
no change In Seeds. . •
BEANS— $1 90*3- ; Small White, $2 05®
3 15; Large White. $1 70@1 SO; Pinks, $2 25@2 35;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 10®4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $4 10®4 15; Pea. $2 10@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl. ?' '■- •■-'.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, .nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per 'lb; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp, 4%®4%c; Timothy. 4%®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25@1 60; Green, $1 5f
®2 per ctl. &yrs.7_ ■ /■ . .'.'.. .'
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are doing better. Potatoes show no
particular change.
Tomatoes continue to decline, with some left
on hand at the close. The market Is glutted
with Cucumbers .c and Summer Squash. Rhu
barb Is no longer worth quoting.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. $I®l 15; Early
Rose. 75c@$l; Bin-hanks. T. .ccsjsl 15 per ctl in
sacks and ?lf/l 40 in boxes. •
ONIONS- 7O0&SOC per <-tl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— 75c@$l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75®2 26 for fancy; Green.
Peas, 2®2%c per It); String Beans, 2%ia4c; Lima
Beans, oc; Cabbage. Eo'"f6oc; Tomatoes, 35®60c
per box; Rivers, 75c®$i 25; Stockton, 75c®$l;
Egg Plant, 75c®$l; Green Okra. 50c® $1 per
box; Garlic, 2® 3c; Green Peppers, 25® for
Chile and 75c®$l 25 per box for Bell; Carrots,
30@40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 20®25c; Sum
mer Squash, 20®25c; Marrowfat Squash, $15@2 I !
per ton; Green Corn. 40ciQ$l 25 per sack for,
Vacavllle. $1 25®1 50 per crate for Alameda and
75(g85c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern are expected to-day.
Local stock is weak and dull, though choice
young Poultry meets with fair demand.
: POULTRY— Live Turkeys, U®l2%c for Gob
blers and 11@12%c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16(f?lSc; Geese, per pair, $I®l 25; Goslings $1 25
<gl 50; Ducks, $3®4 for old and $3 50®5 for
young; Hens, $4 50®5 50; young Roosters, $5®
6; old Roosters, $4®5; Fryers, $4 50; Broilers.
$3®4 for large. $2 60&3 for small;' Pigeons, $1 50
@2 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Although most- dealers quote 20c as the top
for Butter, some still report sales. at 21c, though
the former figure rules. The market is well
supplied. Cheese and Eggs are steady and
there is no accumulation of stock in either.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20c; seconds. 19<".
.Dairy— Fancy, 17%®18e; good to choice, 16®
17c; store, 14liil5c per lb.
. CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9f?9%c; old. 8®
B%c; Young America. 9%@10c; Eastern. 13-5130.
EGGS— Quoted at 16®19c for store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18%<H20c for
selected, 16®17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds. ,',;^W- ;,-; ";«;«•■';;■-'•".' -V l '"
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. .
The earners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $Sl®4s per ton. according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears, $40@50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $15®23 per ton.
Most of the fruit came in late, and many
shipping orders had to be turned down in con
sequence. The market is still full of Peaches
and Apples, but Plums are getting scarcer
and are firm. Pears are clowly increasing in
supply, but prices -are' steady. There is no par
ticular change in Melons. . Apricots are steady,
with sales to canners at the quotations.' Ber
ries continue cheap.
. Valencia Oranges are doing better. Lemons
and Limes stand about the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '" '. /
Apples, 35c{?$l per box; Crabapples, 35®50c
per small box.
MERRlES— Blackberries, $3 50@4 50 per chest:
Strawberries, r <i;> "per chest for small and $1 50
®2 50 for large berries; Raspberries. $3@5 per
chest; Logan berries, ■ per chest; Huckle
berries, per lb. ■ I '
Watermelons. $s<ii2o per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50ci&$l Per box and $2®3 per
crate; Nutmegs, 50c®$l 75 per box and
per crate.
Grapes, black and white, -50@75c per box and
75c®$l 25 per crate. ■ 7~-£r?
Currants, $4 5006 ; per chest.
Pears. 25®50c per box, according to size;
Bartletts, KetM 25 per box. -.
Nectarines, 23@50c per box for white and 50c
®$1 fur red. ";-: - . '. '-■■■
Figs. for single and 75c(S$l 25 per box
for double layers of black and 65c for white.
Apricots, 40® 75c per box.
Peaches, 15«?50c per box and 15@25c per bas
ket. 'clw.'' ; '-;.- ; '*
Plums, -35®50c per box; Prunes, 65igS5c per
crate. ' •
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
Lemons, 75c35l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good -to choice; Mexican Limes. $4®4 50; Cali
fornia Limes. per small box; Bananas,
31 50® 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per
dozen. * ;';'•.•,
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Peaches have again declined. Nectarines and
Peaches are selling in the -south at 6@6%c in.
the sweatb ex. Apricots rule firm, with a good
demand at the high prices. Prunes are still
Uncertain, though the large sizes are in demand
for European export at the good prices quoted
below, Apples shew no further decline.
Honey Is in fair demand at the quotatt6ns.
Nuts are firm and In good request for future
delivery.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6%c for
40-50' s, 5c for 56-60' s. 4c for 60-70- , 3i4®3%c for
70-40*8, 2%i_3'icfor 80-90' ,2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 2_2%c for 100-110's. * '
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
sacks, 6'4c for 40-50' s, 5%c for 50-60' s, 4> 4 per
lb for 60-70' s, 3%c for 70-80*8, 3Vic for 80-90's
and 2%c for 80-lOC's; Apricots. P®llc for Royals
and i1%®12%c for Moornarks; Peaches, 7%@
7 ! -.-c: Evaporated Apples, 7%@Bc; Sun-dried, 5%
"@6c per lb; Nectarines, 6@7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
i Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
• NUTS— Chestunts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, s®Bc
' for hardshell, 10©llC for softsh.-ll; Chile Wal
> nuts, ll@_te; Almonds, new crop. 7%c for
Languedoc and 9%c for paper-shell; Pea
i nuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4%®5c for ' Califo
rnia: Coooanuts, $4 50@5. "
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7%®7%c;
light amber extracted. 6' 2 ®7c; dark, 5%c
per lb. ,
BEESWAX— 26@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Cured Meats continue firm, though this mar
ket Is below the parity, of the Eastern mar
kets. The demand Is good.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, B%c per ilb for
heavy. 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eeastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c; Califor
nia Hams, 12®12%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, $15@15 30;
extra Prime Pork, $12 50;- extra clear, $16 50;
mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.:
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. N In a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20.
lbs net; B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
For new Hope local dealers are talking about
12%@15c per lb, though no sales are reported,,
as "the growers are generally refusing to con
tract. Wool 'is quiet, as assortments are so
reduced that there Is little stock here to work
on. Hides are steady and prices have-not
changed for some time.
.HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
! 90c®$l 10 each; Horse, Hides, salt, $2®2 25 for
' large and $1 2601 50 for small; Colts. 25®50c.
I . TALLOW— No. 1 1 rendered, 4®4%c per. lb; No.
' 2. 3®3%c; refined, : grease, 2®2%c.
! WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and South
-1 crn, 7 months, 8®llc; Foothill and Northern
I free, ll@14c; Foothill and Northern defective.
| 9Wllc; Nevada, ll@14c; San Joaquin Foothill
free. 10®12c; do defective, B®9c; Humboldt and
Mendocino, 16%@18c; Valley Oregon, 17<5)18c;
I Eastern Oregon, 12® 14c for choice and 9@11%c
for - fair to good.
HOPS— crop, 15@17%c per lb; 1899 crop,
12%®13c bid and refused. ■•:.-":-;',■ ! *
;. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— The .flrmnesa In Grain Bags continues
and prices are a '■ fraction l higher again. ' Cal
cutta Grain Bags. s%iTi6c; Wool Bags, 26@28c;
San Quentin Bags, . nominal. ; ■
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6:
Bryant, $6; Coos * Bay. $5;.- Wallsend. • $750;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 In .bulk and $10 50
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, . $8 per ton : • Rock - Springs and Castle
Gate,. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 12c: Sisal. ll%c; Bale
Rope, lie: Duplex, lo%c . basis. . --
CANNED VEGETABLES— Pea^, 75®85c; As
paragus, $160®2 85; Tomatoes, 80@85c.
CANNED FRUITS— ' $1 7601 30 for
black, and $1 75® 2 30 for white; Peaches, $1 25®
165; 'Pears, $1 45@1 75; Apricots, $1 20®1 85;
Plumß, 90c@$l, 25.
COFFEE— Rica— for . prime
washed; 12%@13c for good washed; : 11%®12%c
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc-for
good peaberry;. 10®12c for good to prime; 9@9%c
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans; Bcg9%c for fair; 5%®7c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— lo@l2c for good to prime
washed; B©9%C for fair washed; 10%@U%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@Bc for su
perior unwashed: 7%®7%c for good green un
washed : 9@9%c for good *to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 7%@Bc nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9e»9%c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4®l6c for prime to fancy washed;
pi® 12c for good to strictly good washed; 7%®
10c for fair washed; 6%®7%c for medium: 5®
6'ijC for inferior to ordinary: 10@ll%c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9®e9%c for good un
washed peaberry; 7%®Bc for good to superior
unwashed. ' <-V.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Is quoted as follows:
Bundles, 4%c;' cases, selected, 5%c; imitation
Eastern, 6%c; strips, 7%®8%c; blocks, • 7%c;
tablets, B%c; middles, 7%®9%c; desiccated,
87% c, less 15 per cent.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25®28c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 25®26c: Sole Leather, light,
25®26c; rough Leather, heavy, 25Ji26c; rough
Leather, light, 25@26c: ■ Harness ! Leather,
heavy, 32/5330; Harness Leather, medium, 30®
32e; Harness Leather, light. 29@30c; Collar
Leather, 15ifil6c . per foot ; Kip, finished, 40®
45c per lb: Veal, finished. • 50®55c : Calf, finished,
75c®5120: Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; rough Splits, B@loc
per lb. ...
. OlL— California Castor Oil, cases,- No. 1, 75c;
pure, $110; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 47c;
raw,.. 45c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra.win
ter strained, barrels, 47c; No. 1, 42% c: cases 5c
more; China Nut, 50c -per gallon; pure Neats
foot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm, pure,
60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c; Pacific
Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house colors,
$1 25®1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gallon. '"•■'■"•'..
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND' NAPHTHA
— Water white Coal Oil In bulk, ll%c per gal
lon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 16% c; Astral Oil, 16%o;
Star Oil, 16% c; Extra Star OUz-O'^c;. Elaine
Oil, 21 %c; Eocene Oil. 18% c: .Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; in cases, 21c; Benzine,
in bulk, 15% c; In cases, 20% c: 86 degree Gaso
line, In- bulk, 21c; -In cases, 2fic. •. •»
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 or,
B%c; 6s, 14 oz, 7%c; 6s, 12 oz, 6%c; 6s, 10 oz.
5%c; 12s. 12 oz. 7%c; Granite (Mining) Candles
—6s, 16 oz, 9%c; -6s. 14 oz. 8%o; 6s, 12 oz. 7%c:
I 6s, 18 oz, 6%c. Parafiine Wax Candles— 2s,
4s and 6s, white, 9%c; 12s, 10% c; colored, lc
higher.
. WHITE LEAD— at 5%®6c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 5%®6c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels,
56c: in wooden barrels. 58c. . t '-.-■:.
■ LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 42c; raw, barrels,
40c; cases, 5c more. .■'■■ . ■':■■■:
QUICKSILVER— S43 50 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-tb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and -' Fine ("rushed. ' 5%c;
Powdered, 5%0; Candy Granulated, 5%c; cry
Granulated, 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Cali
fornia A, 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more; 50-tb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlnos,- half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb. -:* ' f. ;■■.:
DUMBER..
Shipment of 600,000 feet, valued at $10,000, to
Guayaquil,
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16®17; extra sizes, higher;
• Redwood, $17'&1S for No. 1, and $15@16 for No.
_; Lath. 4 feet, $2 20®2 30; Pickets. $18; Shin
gles. $1 50®1 76 for common, and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21®27.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The situation remains about the same. Veal
Is unsettled and is firm or weak according as
the day's supply is • light or otherwise. Beef
and Mutton are unchanged. Hogs are firm at
the high prices and arrivals are light.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6^@7c for
Cows. -■•-- '
- VEAL— B®IOc per lb. -*. ~
MUTTON— 7c; Ewes, 6%c per lb.
LAMB— 8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%>&5%C for small, 6c for
medium and 5%®5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7®B%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, July 25.
Flour, qr sks .... 25.573 Pelts, bdls ...... 378
Wheat, ctls 23.622 Leather, rolls 130
Barley, ctls 63.917 Quicksilver, flks. 25
Oats, ctls 1,930 Eggs, doz 16,9".'i
Cheese, ctls 53 Hides. No 919
Butter, ctls 297 Hay, tons 340
Beans, sks 350 Straw, tons 5
Potatoes, sks 4,072 Wool, bags ...... 136
Onions, sks 650 Sugar, bbls ...... 2,800
Bran, sks 540 Brandy, gals 4.700
Middlings, sks .. 103 Wine, gals 30,500
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 310 </■-■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Alex
ander and Llllle-Levlson, lot on E line of Bu
chanan street, 137:6 S of "Turk, S 18 by E 137:6;
I •
San Francisco Lumber Company to Minnie
Bond, lot on W line of Clayton street, 125 N
of Page, N 25 by W 106:3; $6500.
Tnomas Graham to Anna B. Howe, . lot on
SW line of Ninth street, 150 NW of Bryant,
NW 25 by SW 100; $10.
Elizabeth A. Whittle (wife of Albert M.) to
Hannah Batehelder (wife of G. H.), lot on S
line of Hancock street, 205 W of Sanchez, W
25 by S 114; $10.
Mary E.. Arthur J.. Alice B. and Dora Dew
ing to Edward G. Duisenberg, lot on S line
of California street, 25 W of Mason, W 62:6 by
S 60; $10.
George T. and Sophie L. Wright to Joanna
M. Wright, lot on N line of Lombard street,
137:6 W of Jones. W 684 by N 137:6; $'■).
. Cornelius Mooney (by Murray F. Vandall,
commissioner) to German Savings • and Loan
Society, lot on SE line of City Hall avenue
(Park), 600 NE of City Hall Square, NE 25. by
SE 100, City Hall lot 20: $6315. .
German Savings and Loan Society to Frank
McDonough, same; $10.
Bedelle Boyd to same, same (quitclaim deed);
no.
, Frank McDonough to Cornelius Mooney,
same; $10.. •-- '....:*• -'''.. ■:.*'■
Cutting Packing Company to Cutting Fruit
Packing Company, lot on W corner of Seventh
and Channel streets. SW 3CO by NW 240; $10.
Cutting Fruit Packing Company to California
Fruit Canners' Association, same; also prop
erty outside of county and all property In San
Francisco County; $10.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company (corporation)
to Joseph B. Coryell, lot on NW corner ol"
Alameda and Rhode Island streets, N 360 by W
200; also lot on NW corner of Sixteenth (Cen
ter) and Wisconsin streets, N 400 by W 200
(quitclaim deed); $10.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to Edward
A Noltlng, lot on W line of Twenty-second
avenue. 100 S of Lake street, S 25 by W 120;
$10. "- / : ---;,
Julius and Emma Meyer to Robert F. Buck
nam, lot on S line of Allison street, 125 NW of
Cross, NW 25 by SW 120, a portion of lot 79,
Bernal Homestead Association, lot 612, gift
map 2; $10.
Alameda County. ;r1 ~
Peter W. and , Elizabeth J. Anderson to
Chester M.- Thompson, lot on W line of Moss
avenue, commencing at dividing line between
lots 12 and 13, block T, revised map of Oak
land Heights, S 50.48, W 238.87, N 54.365. E
218.75 to beginning, being the N portion of lot
12. block T, revised map Oakland Heights, Oak
land; $10.
Mary K. and William W. Crane to Ellen L.
Crane, lot on NW line of Thirteenth avenue,
155:9 NE of East Twenty-fourth street. NE
69:3, NW 150, SW 75, SE 25:6, NE.5:9. SE 124:6
to beginning, block 150. same. East Oak
land: $10. . ' \
Mary Deike to City of Oakland, lot 749 Yon
map showing' lands to be taken for opening
Commerce ' street from East Twelfth to East
Twenty-second - street, East Oakland, quit
claim deed; $725. t
Mountain View Cemetery Association to J.
Henry Strachan, lot 76 in plat 40, Mountain
J View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $99. -; ■:.-::-
B. Kelsey to John E. Macdonald, lots 4 and
| 5, block C, Falrvlew Tract, Oakland Town
ship, quitclaim deed; $5. ■
Auguste Duhem to John E. Macdonald. lot
j on W line of Pleasant Valley avenue. 75 N of
' Orange. N 50 by W 125. being lots 4 and 5,
block C. amended map Falrvlew Tract, Oak
land Township: $10.
■ Alameda Building and Loan Association to
John Hickey, lot on E line Bay street, 100 N
of Santa Clara avenue (familiarly Jefferson
avenue), N 25 by E 150, being lot 41, block 28,
I Mary A. Fitch homestead, Alameda; $5.
George J. Curtis to John B. Halsted, lot on
! N line Seventh street. 75 E of Clay. E 50 by N
I 100, being -lots 27. and 28, block 75, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
William P. Lamb to Alice F. Lamb, lot on
E line Fourth avenue. 50 SW of E Nineteenth
street. SW 50 by SE 125, block 103. Clinton,
East Oakland; gift. :.\
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to. Walter J.
Moore, lots 3 and 4, block B. Allendale Annex,
Brooklyn Township: -$10.
. Builders' Contracts.
Alexander Boyd (owner) with S. H. Kent
(contractor), architects Copeland A Pierce.
Carpenter and mill ■ work, lathing, plastering,
tinning ant" galvanized Iron work, glass, glaz
ing and hardware for alterations and additions
to a 4 -st cry and basement ' brick building on
NE corner of Market and Front streets, 100 on
Market and 113:10 on Front: $5500. -
Simt (owner) with Richard Rice (contractor),
architects Same. .Plumbing, gas fitting and
sl»tm heating for same on same; $3316.' -
Same (owner), with Cahlll-Hali Elevator
Company (contractors), architects same. Hoist
ing ropes, cage and grill work for elevator for
same on same;, $2150. • •-
Same (owner), with H. W. Hannemann (con
tractor), architects same. Painting, graining,
interior woodwork, finishing, tinting for same
on same; $1300. r ' '_-
John and Agnes M. Agar, trustees, by A. S.
Baldwin, attorney (owners), with Mahony
1 Bros, (contractors), architect . Albert Pissl_.
All work except grading and excavating, for
brick building with basement on SW line of
Market street. 125 SW of Sixth, S 165, W 75, N
75 E 25, N "90, E 50; $61,350. . >•
H. and S. Sachs (owners) with Josef F.
Forderer (contractor), architects Salfleld A
Kohlberg— Tinning and galvanized • Iron work
for alterations and additions to a '4-story' and
basement brick building on lot SW corner of
Bush and Battery streets, W 137:6 by 32:2;
$1431. .
William F. Ambrose (owner) with A. Stevens
(contractor), architects | Havens - A -Tqepke— All
alterations and additions : for a 2-story ■ frame
dwelling :on lot on SE corner of Fulton and
Stelner streets, 27:6 on Stelner and 110 on Ful
ton; $1180. V • ' *
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were fairly active on the morning
session, and Giant Powder advanced to $72 50,
Alaska Packers to $116 50 and Contra Costa
Water to $77 50. ~f ,- :..-.'
.In the afternoon Alaska Packers advanced
still further to $118. Contra Costa Water sold
up. to $78,. but weakened off* again.
Mining stocks showed no change worthy of
note. The telegram from the pump said: -
"Elevator No. 1 is working steadily. At 6:30
o clock this morning the water was down 14
feet below the 1950 level station.*'
. The Grass Valley Exploration Company,
operating the W. Y. O. D. mine, has declared
Its third dividend at the rate of 25c per share,
amounting to $7500, making a total of $30,000
to date, under the new regime.
--■ The Boston and Montana Mining Company
has declared a quarterly' dividend of $4 per
share and an extra dividend of $6, payable Au
gust 1, to stockholders of record of July 27.
The Spanish Bar Gold Mining Company of.
Calaveras County has levied an assessment of
2c per share, delinquent August 21.
At the recent annual meeting of the Dexter
Mining Company of Tuscarora, New, a new
board of directors and officers, was elected,
Composed of John Dern, president; J. S. Lakin,
vice president; S. B. Mllner E. O. Lee and
H. C. Southworth. . George E. Airis was ap
pointed secretary and treasurer. During the
past fiscal year the Dexter mine produced 19,994
tons of ore," which, after being milled and
cyanided, yielded gold bullion and gold dust
of the aggregate value of $155,347 31. Improve
ments costing ■ $64,969 04 were made. Recently
a vein of ore was struck In an upraise above
the 230 level that gave average assays of
$379 75 per ton, carrying a large amount of free
gold. - •-;:■ • . -Vjc.r \.'l :
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. July 25—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. — _ 15%
is quar c0up.. 112 — Oakland Gas... 47 48
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.'. 72% 73%
4s quar new.. — — p ac _, Co 41% 42
3s quar coup.. — 109% S F G & E.... 72 72%
Miscellaneous San Fran .... 3% 2%,
Cal-st Cab 55.115 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat /.11l — Insurance— V :
EL & P 65....1 30% — Firem's Fund. 22o —
F & CI Ry 65.116%118 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — . 95 Anglo-Cal .... — 167%
H C & S 5%5.107% — Bank of Ca1. ..285 290
L A Ry 55.... 106 106% -*al S D & T.. — 98 .
L A LCo «s.. 99 — First Nationl.223 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 — |Unn P & A.... 129% —
Do gntd 55..— 100 cMer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65... — 127 iN'ev Nat Bk. ..ISO — '
Do Ist M 58.116% — Savings Banks—
N* CN G R 7s.HO — Ser S & L..1620 -1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 55. 114 — . Mutual Say.. — 42%
N* PC R R 6s. — — 5 F Say U.. 495 —
NP C R'-R 55. 105 — 3& L 50.... — 85
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — security SB— 300
OG L & H 55. 1'1l — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt HO".' 110% j Street Railroads—
Dm C Rv 65.. .127 130 [California ....116 —
P & CI Ry 68.104%— Geary 50 —
P & o*6s 115 — Market St' 62% 63
Powell-st . .'US 122% Dak S L & H. — —
Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio — 16
S F & N P 56. — 113% Powder—
PF & S JV3.5.114%115 California .... — —
Sierra R Ca165.108% — E Dynamite... — 95
S P of A 63.. .111% — Giant. Con Co. 72% —
S P C 65(1905).H2 112% Vigorit .. 2% ■ 3
' S P C 65<1906). — 114% Sugar
s' P C 65(1912). - 122% Hana P C 0.... 17 , 17%
S P C Is eg ss. — 107% Haw C & " C. 97%100
S P Br 6s — 125% Hutch S P Co. 31% 32
' S V Wat 65....115%116 Kllauea S Co* — 30
S V Wat 45.:..104%104% Makaweli S C. 47% 48
SV W 4s(3dm)lol — Dnomea S Co. 39 40
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Paauhau S P. 39% 39%
Water Stocks— I Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 77% — Al Pac Assn.. ll6 116
Marin Co 50 — Ger Ld *Vk5..250 —
Spring Va11ey.101%102% Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Ocaanlc S Co. 90 91
Capital Gas...— — IPacAFA.... 1% —
Central G Co.. — — iPac C Bor C 0.134 130
Cent L & P... — 7 J Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. — 4% I
Morning Session.
Board —
. 10 Alaska Packers' Assn 116 50
50 Contra Costa Water 76 50
300 Contra Costa Water 77 00
100 Contra Costa Water ..: 77 12%
15 Contra Costa Water 77 25
400 Contra Costa Water 77 »0
190 Giant Powder Con 72 50
35 Giant Powder Con 72 37%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 97 50
50 Hutchinson S P Co 31 50
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 105 25
25 Paauhau S P Co , 39 62%
12000 S F & S J V bonds 115 00
7 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$5000 I" S 3 per cent bonds 109 12%
Street—
$5000 Market Street Cable 6 per ct bd5..127 00
■Afternoon Session.
Board— "• "; . ■'__ __ ■ %
20 Alaska Packers' Assn US 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn : 117 76
35 Contra Costa Water 77 60
260 Contra Costa Water 78 00
• 60 Contra Costa Water 77 87%
75 Contra Costa Water 77 75
100 Giant Powder Con 72 50
25 Giant Powder Con 72 62%
15 Giant Powder Con 72 75
•5 Market Street Railway 63 00
20 Market * Street Railway ...'. 62 87%
25 Oceanic S S Co 90 25
140 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
95 Paauhau S P Co 39 50.
100 Vigorit Powder ..-. '. 2 75
INVESTMENT BOARD. "
Morning Session.
. Board—
25 Contra Costa Water «.. 76 00
35 Market Street Railway 63 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 10
20 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Afternoon Session. ;.V'.:.":-i
Board— - ' > _
30 Contra Costa Water 77 50
25 Contra Costa Water 77 [6
25 Contra' Costa Water 77 87%
20 Hutchinson S P Co 31 7a
30 Hutchinson S P Co 31 _?'*
10 Oceanic S S Co t - 90 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— l_\ *«1? ~ "'?•*.
10 Contra Costa Water 7» 7o
50 Equitable Gas * 37%
40 Giant Powder Con 72 00
20 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
100 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— _,'_„
50 Contra Costa Water 77 25
40. Giant Powder Con 72 37%
25 Hutchinson S P Co 31 37%
10 Hawaiian Commercial Co 97 25
SO Market Street Railway 62 62%
• MINING STOCKS.
Following -were the sales in the. Ban Francisco
Stock Board yesterday: \ . .-„.; •'".■.■'■•"-"
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 27 200 Hale & Norcrs 35
100 Best & Belcher 51 100 Potosi 52
100 Con Cal & Va.2 05 450 Syndicate ...... 05
100 Gould & Curry 40 SO Standard 240
Afternoon Session. .
200 Andes __ I 800 Crown Point... 25
100 Belcher 21 1 300 Mexican ....... 57
300 Best & Belcher 55 500 Ophir •" 1 10
500 Bullion 08 500 Overman ..:.... .10
500 Chollar 24 500 Potoqi .......... 53
500 Con Cal & Va.2 10 500 Sierra Nevada. 62
1000 Con Imperial... 02 200 Union Con .... 33
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: . . ~- ' ■ • ' '• V-'
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 52 300 Potosi 51
300 Bullion 09 500 Seg Belcher..... . 07
1100 Potosi .... —•• 52,--;.". *,<-;';
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta •• OS 700 Ophir ..1 10
200 Andes " 1000 Ophir 112%
•'OO Best & Belcher 53 500 Overman 10
100 Challenge Con. 24 200 Potosi ...62.
400 Con Cal & V...2 10 ; 300 Potosi 53
100 Con Cal & V.2 07% 500 Seg Belcher.... 06
800 Mexican 57 200 Sierra Nevada. 62
200 Mexican .... 581 lx'-' ? V .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. -. ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha ..." 03 04 Justice : ......... 07 09
Alta ....07 08 Kentuck — 04
Andes IS 19 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 26 27 Mexican 57 58
Best & Belcher 54 55 Occidental ..... 23- 25
Bullion OS 09 Ophir 10 115
Caledonia 59 60 Overman 10 11
Chollar 23 24 Potosi ..' 52 54
Challenge Con.. 24 25 Savage 22 23
Confidence ..... 84 90 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal & Va.2 10 215 Seg Belcher .... — 06
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 61 62
Crown Point .. 24 25 Silver Hill .... 01 03
Eureka Con 50 —Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. — 03 Standard .......2 40 . —
Exchequer ...-.;— 04 St. Louis _..'. 10 —
Gould & Curry 40 41 Union Con 36 37'
Hale & Norcrs 31 36 Utah .*. 11 12
Julia 02, 03 Yellow: Jacket. 33 35
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
In the
Board.
Day of
Bala.
Gould * Curry.... 84 (..July 3 ..July 27 10
Con. Imperial .... 42 I. .July 171. .Aug. 101 nj
Best & Belcher..! 67 I.. July 301.. Aug. 25 10
Justice ..I 65 (..Aug. 5!.. Aug. 29 10
Ophlr ...;...'....... I 75 |. .Aug. 61. .Aug. 28) 16
Alpha. I 22 ..Aug. 121.. Sept. 71 03
Belcher.. I 61 ' I. .Aug. 141. Sept 61 10
Sierra Nevada.... 1116 )..A"er. 161 . .Sent. 7' 1*
; Challenge 27 [..Aug. 131,. Sept. 141 10
Cho'lar ...'....... I 49 Aug. 2lj.. Sept. 14 15
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, . Cal
July 25, 1899. •-■-...... ...... . •.
- The time ball on the tower of - the * new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at • 8
o' clock. p. ■ m. Greenwich time. '
C. G. CALKINS, *
Lieutenant Commander ,*U, S.N., in charge.
■•*-
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United (States. Coast ■ and Geodetic Survey
- Times and Heights ■ of. High and- Low
: Waters at * Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco ; Bay. Published |by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .'.-;•"'
NOTE— [ high • and • low - waters occur at
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION, THIS DAY,
WEDNESDAY, JULY 26.
§50,000 Worth of CHINESE AND JAPA-
NEBJ FANCY GOODS.
At 2 and 8 p. m. Sharp.
39 GEARY STREET.
This stock comprises the most extensive line
of Cloisonne and Old Gold Satsuma Wares ever
offered at Auction .in this City; also over
$30,000 worth of Silks. Piece Goods and Ladies'
and Gentlemen's Underwear. Silk Robes, and a
full line of Ivory and Bronze Goods, all to be
closed out, regardless of cost, by
AUCTION
At 2 and 8 p. m., daily
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITORS
Respectfully. SUN FAT & CO.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
One hundred seats reserved for ladies.
NO SMOKING ALLOWED.
tCT'N. B.— There will be five costly presents
given away, free of charge, to the ladles who
arrive promptly at our sales, at 2 p. m. sharp.
Also, five elegant presents given away each
evening at 8 o'clock- sharp. '*.!';'■':■,
the . city front (Mission T street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes- later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 26.
Sun rises 5:08
Sun sets 7:24
Moon rises 9:29 p. m.
C I Time Time Time Time
2- Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L, w ■ H W L, W
25 ... 0:34 5.9 7:01—0.4 1:55 5.5 7:26 1.8
26... 1:30 5.5,7:45 0.2 2:34 5.6 8:29 1.5
27 ... 2:30 4.9 8:32 0.8 3:14 6.7 9:31 1.2
.28 ... 3:36- 4.4 9:19 1.4 4:00 5.8 10:40 0.9
29 ... 4:56 4.0 10:09 2.0 4:51 5.8 11:52 0.5
50... '6:26 3.8 11:05! 2.5 5:46 5.9
ID W H TV! ' L. \V| H W
31 ...| 1:04 0.2 • 7:56 3.9 12:09[ 2.9 6:4.4 5.9
. . .
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given, in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or. right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides,, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign — preceded the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Areata juoos «ay |Juiy -*
Umatilla '"-torta & Puget Sound M
Pomona IHumboldt IJuly 2«
Aloha [Point Arena..: .|July 28
Corona fSan Diego IJuly 27
Samoa ."...JTacoma [July 27
Chas. Nelson... St. Michael. July 27
Wellington Departure Bay July 27
Titania (Nanaimo (July 27
Mr. ana ; .Sydney July <
Point Arena IPoint Arena July 28
Czarina. (Puget Sound (July 28
City ot Peking. China ana Japan Juiy -j
Columbia Portland July 2*
Bonita Newport July 23
Curacao ... Mexico' July 29
Weeott ....:.... Humboldt July 29
Washtenaw [Tacoma -. July 29
Coquille River.. Grays Harbor July 30
Gaelic : China and Japan July 30
City of Sydney. Panama July 30
City of Puebla. (Victoria & Puget Sound July 31
Crescent City... Crescent City July 31
Santa Rosa San Diego July 31
Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo July 31
North F0rk..... Humboldt Aug. 1
Coos Bay Newport Aug. 2
State California Portland Aug. 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, I Destination, j 'Sails. I Pier.
Fulton (Humboldt .July 26, 2 pm, Pier 20
Australia .-Honolulu July 26. 2 pmIPW I
America M. China & Japan July 26, 1 pm|PMSS
Aloha ......(Point Arena.. (July 27, 3 pm|Pier 2
• State of Cal Portland July 27, 10 am|Pter 24
Coos Bay... Newport.. July 27. « amlP'er 11
Colon ...... (Panama.. July 28. 12 mIPMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt July 28, 2 pm!Pier 9
Areata .... Coos Bay July 28, 10 arm Pier 13
Homer ..... St. Michael... July 20, 3 pm Pier 24
Corona (San Diego July 29, 11 am Pier 11
Umatilla ..'Vic & Pgt July 3«. 10 ami Pier 9
Weeott ....(Humboldt 'July 30, 2 pm I Pier 13
Pt Arena.. 'Point Arena.. I July 31. 2 pm|Pler 2
Bonita . (Newport I July 31, 9 ami Pier 11
Columbia Portland Aug. 1, 10 am (Pier 24
City Peklng'China&JapanlAug. 1, 1 pm PMSS
Bertha .... St. Michael...! Aug. 1 !
Coquille R. Grays Harbor Aug.- 2. '
Santa Rosa|San Diego 'Aug. 2. 11 am Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. "
Tuesday, July 25.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericcson, 25 hours from Bear
Harbor. •■* r-'l ''"'"- i "' , . :
Stmr Navarro, Higgins, 21 hours from Usal.
Stmr Weeott, Burtis, 24 hours from Eureka.
. Stmr Bertha. Thomas, S days 22 hours from
St Michael and Unalaska.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 35 hours from
Hueneme. '"'-i -. ;'.' ''•'■"' , _ _,
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg. "* ' » • ""*-
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. 84 hours from Newport
and way ports. '
Aus stmr Slam, Raicich, 82 hours from Na
nalmo. ■''777. --<y
CLEARED. .
-.-.', Tuesday, July 25.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Manila, via Hono
lulu: US Government.
Br ! stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. _. .'•'"■
Br ship Balclutha. Jobson, Port Townsend;
J J Moore A Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 25.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend. -■ '"V -;::.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Crua.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, Tacoma and Sydney.
' Tug sea Queen, Smith, Fort Bragg, with bktn
Wrestler In tow. .
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen. Guayaquil, via Fort
Bragg, In tow tug Sea Queen.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, Wlllapa Harbor. •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 25, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind south: velocity 12 miles.
';;rc : ;,::;- CHARTERS. • ' [' : i 'i -■>
The Bermuda loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 36s 3d.
The Lake Leman loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Valparaiso, owners' account.
.;; ■".' ;'i-".:i' SPOKEN. '
• July 7, lat 6S. lon 33 W— Stmr Miami, from
Baltimore, for San Francisco.
July 7, lat 15 N, lon 26 W— Br ship Cambus
kenneth, from Shlels. for San Francisco.
June 26, lat'7 S, lon 31 W— ship Arthur
Fltger, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 23, lat 19 S, lon 37 W— bark Inver
cauld, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 6, lat 12 N, lon 27 W— bark Oriffel.
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
July 12, lat 40 N, lon 43 W— bark Norma,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
$_■* DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July Brig
Courtney Ford, from St Michael. -•• -.-'.:•.-■■--
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July Stmr Novo,
hence July 24. ' . v /.<_■- -
TACOMA — Sailed July '25 — Ship Dashing
Wave, - for Honolulu. -'"•':„'•*•
; COOS BAY— Arrived July 25— Stmr . Luella,
hence July 22. ' i
Sailed July 25— Schr Gotama, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— \ July 25— Schr Lottie Car- ,
son,, for San Pedro;- schr Rio Rey. for San
Francisco; schr Occidental, for San Francisco >
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco;, stmr Ruth,
for San Francisco. 
Arrived July Stmr • Pasadena, from San
Pedro; stmr Scotia, from Rockport.
PORT LOS . ANGELES— SaiIed July 24-Stmr
Alcazar, for- San Francisco. July 25 Stm^»
Whttesboro. for . • - '■ .;
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed July 25— Schr,
Newark, for San . Francisco. I
i . MENDOCINO— Arrived July '25— Stmr Point
I Arena, hence July 24.
ALBlON— Sailed July 25— Stmr Aloha, for San -
! Francisco.
■ ASTORIA— July Schr Pioneer, for
San Francisco. . ■'■ • .
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 25— Stmr Bruns
wick, for, San Francisco. :•;■'* -:" ; .'-' J.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared July 24— Ship E B
• Sutton, for San Francisco. -. ,-.
' ■ FOREIGN PORTS.
' SYDNEY— July 25— Br stmr Warri
moo, from Vancouver. '
NEWCASTLE, Arrived July 24— Bark
James Nesmlth, from Delagoa Bay,' to load for
San -Francisco. .
Sailed July Bark Abby Palmer, for Hono
lulu. ■ " --■."■', -7 • . .. ----^ -'
' HONGKONG— SaiIed July 10— bark Sofala,
for Port Angeles. July 22— Br stmr Monmouth
shire, for Oregon. S
• Arrived ' July 23— Br stmr Carmarthenshire,
from; San Diego. ;". " • --'-"..
■ SHANGHAI— SaiIed May I— ltal bark Cavour.
for Port Townsend, via Singapore.
MANILA— j July 24— U S stmr Sheri
dan, hence June 23. . "' '
- CEBU— July 22— Br ship Simla, for
Port Angeles. - _ . , '
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 24— Ger ship Peru,
from Oregon. ' '. • '
" BRISBANE— Arrived July. 22— Br stmr War
rlmoo. from Vancouver.
'■ JUNIN— In port. July 20— Br ship Halewood,
hence April 14. - ,•-•-.. '•
LONDON— In port July 16— ship Kelburn,
for San Francisco. • ■" ■ -.-•-.- ■
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 23— Br stmr Em
press -of- China, from Vancouver; Br stmr
Glencgle, from Tacoma.
PANAMA— July 10— Stmr San Jose.
hence June 19.
VICTORIA— July 25— Br «tmr Port
Albert, from Honolulu.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THORNS IN THE
PATH OF AGED
MR. BOARDMAN
— ♦ —
Prevented From Deed
ing Away Property.
— + —
MRS. WALKER IS INDIGNANT
♦ —
BANKERS STOP A CHANGE OF
OWNERSHIP.
a
To Escape Mrs. Gladstone the Ancient
Bridegroom Wants to Give
Up All to His Young
Wife.
#%c-\ •:••.':• :•:> -. •:• •. o % g_3oßEß_ossaa
__ February 22 Joseph Board- __ j
'O. man, aged 75, became a wid- O |
.' ower. g I
£ June 20— Wedded Blanche & '
§ Walker, a High School pupil, £ j
."• aged 17. ."
O ' July 12— Sued for $500,- g
% 000 by Mrs. Elizabeth Glad- .g j
■ .'• stone for breach of promise. __ I
8 July 25— Prevented by his & ,
/> bankers from deeding all his p. j
'- property, valued at half a mil- £ |
§ lion dollars, to his young wife. _t j
O O
t»\o\ov:* ?;o ss o a «;• % o%o\v\ •:••.■:># |
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 25.
The matrimonial path of Joseph Board- .
man, the aged millionaire, who last month
led pretty 17-year-old Blanche Louise j
Walk to the altar as his bride, is now
thickly strewn with a multiplicity of
thorns and family tribulations. Within
the past four weeks a world of sorrow
lias been added to the eccentric man's ;
burdens.
Shortly after the May and December
nuptial affair, which created a decided '
sensation, troubles began brewing be- '
tween the aged benedict and his mother
in-law. Mrs. E. E. Walker, over the re
moval of shrubbery and trees and pet j
ornaments from his garden about his
residence on Eighth street, it being |
claimed that Mrs. Walker had acted too J
officiously in hiring a gang of men to
clear the place without consulting the j
owner, her .-in-law.
Soon after followed another sensation j
in the way of a suit brought by Mrs.
Elizabeth Glads a San Francisco .
widow, who demanded $300,000 damages as
balm for her lacerated affections, she I
alleging a breach of promise and relating
a story of how she had been jilted for i
the pretty Oakland school girl.
This suit is said to have so gnawed at
the sensitiveness of the aged capitalist
that ie knew not whither to turn for ad- i
vice, for he had severed his business re
lations with those who prior to the sur
prise marriage had managed his affairs,
and in his despair — it is claimed ley the
mother-in-law— he resorted to William
Anderson, his gardener, for advice; while .
others divine that the mother-in-law has
risen in all her might and usurped the !
throne of adviser. Either way the result
has been disastrous and responsible for !
the latest sensational chapter in Mr. {
Boardman's troubles, which was enacted
at tjiu Central Bank a few days ago,!
wherein the lie was passed between j
Banker W. G. Palmenteer and Dr. C. D.
Cleveland; a prominent physician of San
Francisco, who had come to Oakland
ostensibly to protect the Interests of his '
old friend. Mr. Boardman.
It appears that some one, either Gar- ■
dener Anderson or Mrs. Walker, the mother
in-law. had advised Boardman to deed all
his property to his young bride to protect
it from the possible encroachments of
Mrs. Gladstone, the suing widow. Mr. |
Boardman had been finally prevailed upon ,
to_do this, and the -in-law, so it is |
ssfh-nised. was once more triumphant, 1
but Mr. Boardman decided to first consult
his banker. Mr. Palmenteer. What fol
lowed is best told by Mrs. Walker:
"Mr. Boardman tame back from the ]
bank," said Mrs. Walker, "and told us
that Messrs. Palmenteer and Havens at I
the bank had advised .m not to deed |
away his property. Something was said
about a conspiracy and all that, but I
can't see why It's any of the banker's
business if Mr. Boardman wants to give
his wife his property to protect it from I
Mrs. Gladstone.
Well; Dr. Cleveland happened to be at !
our house the other day. He is an old '.
friend of Mr. man's, and BO after J
•we ail talked it over my -in-law and !
the doctor, together with Attorney George ;
De Golia, went to the bank again and de
manded the deeds. Messrs. I 'almenteer i
and Havens would not give them up.
"Oh, 1 am so mad 1 could fight. Just j
think. Those bankers wouldn't give Mr. '
Boardman the deeds ha belong to him. j
It's all a lie that I tried to Induce him
to deed his property to his wife, my !
daughter. Why pshaw! It was all tnc
doings of his hired man, William Ander- j
son. Boardman had been running over
to the city to see whether he couldn't
quash Mrs.. Gladstone's suit and it seems I
did not succeed, nd so Anderson told
him that if he deeded everything to hi.3 '
wife, why Mrs. Gladstone would get noth- i
ing."
From other sources it is learned thct
when Boardman, 'Attorney De Golia, the
bride |nd her mother visited the bank the
•'banker frankly admitted that his friend
Mr. Boardman had asked him for some
advice and that he had given him the ;
truth of the Iter, whereupon Mrs. Wal
ker proclaimed thai she aid "not pro
pose to see her daughter robbed," and
that "Boardman ought to sign the deeds
to protect her."
Banker Palman-teer, however, tried to
soothe matters by apprising Mrs. Wal
ker of the fact that the daughter would !
probably get the property when Mr.
Boardman dies. Attorney De Golia but
mired thai the aged capitalist might
make a will and cut his wife out. to
which the banker assented "He might."
At any rate Mr. Boardman would not
Fign. and the quintet left the bank cha
grined.
During the consultation at the bank Dr. !
Cleveland, it appears, had urged the
banker "to hand over the deeds and
straighten out matters." to which the :
hanker replied with the question: "If you
were Mr. Boardman's brother would you i
really advise him to deed the property j
ns you suggest?" >:-. Cleveland re- j
snondine affirmatively, the banker Ques
tioned his sincerity, whereupon the doctor
parsed the lie "nr-d by some it is said i
was promptly ejected.
FEAR FRANK LEGEORGE
HAS BEEN KIDNAPED!
OAKLAND, July 2.".— Frank Legeorge, j
an orphan, -aged 15 years, has been miss- j
ing from the ranch of Robert Lowry,
near Llvermore, the past week, and no j
trace of him can be found. The boy was ;
.taken from the orphan asylum at San
Rafael about five years ago and adopted j
by a woman who resides In San Fran- ]
cisco. Three years ago she placed the ■
lad with Lowry to train him as an agri
culturist. About a week ago the boy left
the ranch and has not been seen or heard
from since, and to-day Mr. Lowry ap
pealed to District Attorney Allen to use
his forts in trying to locate the missing
boy. Lowry is under the impression that
Frank Legeorge has been kidnaped. ■
A SNEAKTHIEF'S WORK.
' OAKLAND, July. Another robbery
committed last Sunday night has just !
been reported to the police, and it is sus- j
pected that the thief Is none other than the !
one who on the previous Sunday entered
the room of Mrs. B. F. Gordon at the i
Colusa House, carrying off valuable dia
monds and Jewelry. This time the thief i
visited the Avenue House, at Sixteenth ■
street and San Pablo avenue, carrying
off about $40 worth of goods from the
room of 0. I. Denison. Anions the stolen j
articles are several valuable shirt studs,
cuff buttons, wearing apparel and an El
gin gold watch, which was presented by
Mr. Denison to his wife over twenty years
ago. It is stated that the police have a
clew.
O'Gara Was Temporarily Insane.
• OAKLAND, July 25.— Charles D. O'Gara,
■■ the Democratic politician, was suffering
; from temporary insanity when he took his
■ life. This was the verdict of the Cor
; oner's jury to-night. Mrs. O'Gara was
i the chief witness. She stated that last
, Wednesday her husband left her at their
I residence after giving her $60. She did
! not see him again until he was found in
his saloon yesterday, after be had been
dead several da vs. Police Officer Morrison
testified that the saloon had been locked
\ from Wednesday until last night, when
i he broke it open.
Boy Cyclist Killed by a Car.
OAKLAND, July 25.-Roy James Bar
racks 12 years of ape. was instantly killed
to-night by a ear of the Hay wards elec
tric road at Elmhurst. Young Barracks
was riding his wheel on the track when
he was struck. The conductor says he
rang the bell but the boy did not appear
to heed it.
CHRISTIAN WOMEN
SELECT OFFICERS
Mrs. Henry Shadle of Sacramento
Elected President of the Board
of Missions.
SANTA CRUZ, July 25.— The Christian
Women's Hoard of Missions held the
closing session of the convention at Gar
field Park to-day. The early morning
prayer meeting was led by Mrs. R. H.
Sawyer of Watsonville. At 9 o'clock the
convention proper was called to order by
the president, Mrs. Mary Hartley of
Berkeley. A parliament was held. The
first paper was by Mrs. R. N. Davis of
Gllroy, who spoke on "Why Are We Mem
bers of the Christian Women's Board of
Missions?" The work in America was
H. W. Field's Rough Rider Raid Through the Streets of Alameda.
outlined by Mrs. R. L. McHatton of banta
Cruz. "On the Foreign Field" was the
topic of an address by Mrs. J. Lipscomb
of Saratoga. Papers were read by Mrs.
Eli Fisher of Salinas, Mrs. Dr. Parker of
Salinas, Mrs. Grace Harland of Wood
land and Mrs. F. M. Kirkham of San
Francisco.
At noon a prayer meeting was held.
The devotional meeting this afternoon
was led by Mrs. Frank Ford of San Fran
cisco. This evening a praise service was
led by Miss Mary Durham of Irvington.
The devotional services were conducted
by Miss Vesta Vail. Addresses were de
livered by Rev. S. S. Murphy of Red Bluff
on "Home Missions," and Rev. H. K.
Willhite of Tulare on "Foreign Missions."
After the session a candy pull was given
for the benefit of the Santa Cruz Church.
At the afternoon session the board of
missions elected the following officers for
the coming year: President, Mrs. Henry
Shadle, Sacramento; first vice president,
Mrs. Sue K. Grant, Woodland; second
vice president, Mrs. W. H. Craycroft,
Warm Springs; secretary, Mrs. I*. B. Bur
ton, San Jose; State organizer, Mrs. Eli
Fisher, Salinas* superintendent of junior
work, Mrs. W. Powers, Vacaville; editor,
Mrs. S. P. Reed, Santa Cruz; distributor
of literature, Mrs. S. C. Kirkham. San
Francisco; district superintendents, Hum
boldt, Mrs. A. B. Marco, Eureka; Lake,
Mrs. W. T. Whitton; Sonoma, Mrs. Rob
ert Burnett, Santa Rosa; Sacramento,
Mrs. Allen, Vacaville; Colusa, Mrs. S. 6.
Murphy, Red Bluff; Chlco, Mrs. R. M.
Pimple, Chlco: Stockton, Miss Jessie
Powell, Lodi; Santa Clara. Mrs. J. Lips
comb, Saratoga; Fresno, Mrs. Angie Mar
tin, Fresno; Santa Cruz, Mrs. Dr. Parker,
Salinas; Bay, Mrs. J. Nash, San Fran
cisco; San Luis Obispo, Mrs. A. D. Suther
land, San Luis Obispo.
The Ministerial Union has chosen its
council as follows; R. N. Davis, Gllroy,
chairman; Rev. R. L. McHatton, Santa
Cruz; Rev. T. D. Butler. Oakland; Rev,
J. Pearce, Elk Creek; Rev. J. A. Brown,
Wheatland; Rev. J. I >. Wilmott. San Jose;
Rev. Thomas Lawson, Santa Clara; Rev.
J. H. Hughes, Chlco; Rev. Levi McCash,
Napa.
-A*
Increase of Wages.
MARYSVILLE, July 25.— The manager
of the Marysville Packing Company made
a voluntary raise of about 30 per cent In
the *vages of the cannery employes . to
day. The increase is attributed to the
scarcity of help. There is work for about
200 more persons in the canneries here
abouts. In two weeks hop harvest will
provide employment for those who will
have concluded work In the orchards and
grain fields.
ss. .
Swims Forty -Three Miles.
LONDON, July 25.— The bicyclist Hoi- >
bein made a record swim from Blackwell j
to Gravesend and back to-day, covering
the distance, forty-three miles, in 12 hours,
27 minutes and -12 seconds. He finished
fresh and strong.
•» !
Agricultural Directors Named.
SACRAMENTO, July 25. — Governor I
Gage to-day appointed the following
directors of agricultural district No. 43
(Lassen County): C. E. Emerson. William
Brockman, J. H. Holl, Charles Clark, W.
G. Bromly, James Snell, F. M. Holland
and W. E. Dozler. ....
THE SAN FEAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
WILLARD FIELD
NEARLY KILLS A
POLICE OFFICER
Wild Ride Through
Alameda's Streets.
—4
HE TERRORIZED THE CITY
— t, —
SHOT INTO HOMES OF THE SLEEP
ING CITIZENS.
♦
When Officer Welch Attempted to
Stop Him He Fired Twice at the
Policeman's Head, Shat
tering His Hat.
ALAMEDA, July 25.— residents of
Alameda throughout the center of town
were plunged into a state of terror be
tween 2 and 3 o'clock this morning by the
insane antics of H. Willard Field, a young
society man and member of a prominent
Alameda family. He rode through the
City at breakneck speed on a steed with
out saddle or bridle, controlled only by a
halter rope, discharging a pistol at the
homes of the slumbering people, yelling
like a madman.
The whole night force of the Alameda
Police Department attempted to round up
the young man, and when Officer Dennis
Welch finally headed him off the lunatic
fired two shots at the policeman at close
range. Field eluded the police until 5
o'clock In the morning, when he was ar
rested by Officers Brampton and Law
rence as he was peacefully sleeping In his
room at his father's home, 717 Paru
street.
The Police Department for some un
known reason made a determined effort to
protect the man who had nearly mur
dered one of its members. Everything
possible was done to keep the facts from
the newspapers, and Field was assisted
by them to freedom and nominal punish
ment. Some members of the force are in
dignant at the leniency shown Field, and
the public severely condemn the officials
for their action in the matter.
H. Willard Field is the third son of H.
K. Field, ex-Yosemlte Valley Commis
sioner and coast manager of the New
England Mutual Life Insurance Company.
Field Sr. is away in the country, and Wil
lard took advantage of his absence to in
dulge In a night of the wildest revelry
with a party of three companions. Early
Monday evening they hired a carriage at
a local livery stable and visited the way
side resorts along the San Leandro road,
returning to Alameda about midnight.
The quartet then repaired to the Field
mansion and had soon drained of their
contents the bottles of liquor on the side
board and consumed much wine that was
stored in the cellar.
It is presumed that this occupied their
time until about 2 o'clock this morning,
for at that time the lights in the house
were extinguished. What happened Im
mediately afterward is not known, but
at 2:30 o'clock three pistol shots startled
the neighborhood of Morton street and
Central avenue, many blocks away from
the Field residence. This was followed
by a crashing of glass, a series of demon
like yells and the noise of a horse's hoofs
as it galloped along Central avenue.
The man's arms were waving above his
head and the bright barrel of a revolver
could be plainly discerned shining in the
moonlight.
Officer Lawrence, who was patrolling
that section of the city, gave chase, but
the mad horseman easily distanced him.
The sound of the galloping horse died
away in the distance and the town pre
pared to resume its slumbers when two
more shots rang out in the vicinity of
Union street and Clinton avenue, nearly
a mile away from the scene of the first
disturbance. It was here that Officer
Welch started on the chase. He ran in
the direction from which came the sound
of the shots, but had covered but little
ground when another report came from
the direction of Walnut street and San
Antonio avenue. By this time the whole
night patrol was alarmed and running
through the streets in an effort to locate
the pistol wlelder.
When Welch reached San Jose avenue
and Willow street Field dashed by him
riding in the direction of Park street. The
officer shouted to him to stop. The answer
was two shots fired In the air. At Park
street and San Jose avenue the pistol
popped twice more. Riding across Park
street to Broadway Fields met Officer
Keyes, who tried to head him off. He
had to dodge three bullets for his effort
to stop the young man in his wild career.
There' was no more ' firing for at least
ten minutes. Field had stopped occasion
ally to reload his revolver and, according
to the belief of the police, it was emptied
for the second time when It was dis
charged at Keyes. At 2:50 o'clock Officer
Welch, who had returned to Central ave
nue and Lafayette street, heard a horse
coming up the avenue from the direction
of Grand street. Field had doubled back
on his pursuers and was again in the vi
cinity of where he had started on ais
escapade. The horse had been badly used
up and was moving slowly when it came
up to Welch. The officer recognized the
rider and, stepping in front of the ani
i mal, spoke to young Field.
"Hold on. Field, I want you, said
Welch, at the same time reaching for the
halter rope. '_ „
"You don't come any of that on me,
was Field's answer, and almost instantly
he leveled his revolver at Welch, who
was but a few feet away, and fired twice.
The first shot nearly grazed the officer
ear. The second went through the crown
of his hat, ranging downward and cutting
the rim. missing Welch's head by less
than an inch. '
The policeman was stunned for a.mo
ment by the Concussion and thought the
top of his head had been shot away.
When he pulled himself together and
drew his pistol Field had wheeled his
horse about and was again galloping down
the avenue, shooting right and left until
every chamber in his weapon had been
emptied. The officer took a shot at the
fleeing horseman, but the bullet failed to
reach him. ' _ '
Welch went to police headquarters,
where he was seen shortly after his ar
rival by a Call correspondent. He was
badly scared and hardly able to talk. He
professed ignorance of any shooting, de
nied that a bullet had gone through his
hat or that he knew the identity of the
man who had awakened Alameda from its
slumbers at such an unseemly hour. It
! was not until late in the afternoon, after
I the efforts of the police to suppress the
I truth had failed, that he consented to
talk. _ , . .
Officers Brampton and Lawrence found
, Field at his father's house sleeping off
! the effects of his carousal. At the police
station Sergeant Kamp insisted upon
booking him on the felony charge of as
sault with intent to commit murder. Some
• peculiar work was done at once. Chief
| of Police Conrad was soon in consultation
with influential friends and relatives of
the prisoner, with the result that Officer
Welch was not permitted to prefer the
felony charge. He was allowed, however,
to swear to a complaint before Justice of
the Peace Morris charging Field with dis
turbing the peace, and another before
Recorder St. Sure charging him with vio
lating a city ordinance which prohibits
the discharge of firearms within the city
limits. To both of these charges he plead
ed guilty and was fined $20 in each case.
His relatives at once spirited him out of
the city.
During his ride Field sent bullets Into
houses along the route taken, smashing
windows and doing other damage. Sev
eral of the missiles nearly hit the sleeping
occupants of the houses.
QUEEN'S EYESIGHT IMPROVED
LONDON, July 25.— Truth says to-day:
The Queen has been undergoing a course
of treatment for ten weeks for her eyes,
as advised by Professor Pagensteicher of
Weisbaden, and I am rejoiced to say with
the most successful result.
The Queen's eyesight Is no longer in
danger and an operation will be unneces
sary. Her Majesty now wears powerful
glasses of unusually large size and with
black rims, which were ordered by Pro
fessor Pagensteicher. and when she is
obliged to use artificial light she prefers
a shaded wax candle.
DISTRESS IN CHILI.
SANTIAGO DE CHILI, July 25.-Re
ports from southern provinces show that
great distress has been occasioned there
by extremely heavy rain storms which
have recently prevailed. Many cities are
flooded and crops are completely ruined.
Respite for a Murderer.
SEATTLE, -July 25.— George Webster,
! who was to have been hanged at Spokane
I next Friday for the murder of Mrs. Asp
' lund, was granted an extension of life
to-day by United States District Judge
] Hanford. who refused his application for j
i a writ of habeas corpus but granted him
| leave to appeal to the United States Su
i preme Court. Pending a decision on the j
appeal the execution of Webster Is sus
| pended. In their application for a writ
of habeas corpus Webster's attorneys al-
I leged that one of the jurors that convict
| ed Webster was an alien, while another
was a client of the prosecuting attorney.
Governorship Contest Ends.
CARSON, Nev., July Argument in
the contest for the governorship of Ne
vada closed before the Supreme Court this
afternoon. Hon. Thomas Wren and Wil
liam Woodburn made the closing argu
ment for Governor Sadler and Judge Che
ney finished for McMillan. The case is
now in the hands of the court. With the
amount of material to handle it Is not
expected the court will hand down Its de
cision before September. .
Comedian Gerard Dead.
ADELAIDE. South Australia, July 25.—
Oscar Gerard, an American comedian,
who has been playing with the "Belle of
New York" Company here,, is dead. ■
PREPARING FOR THE
BOYS' HOMECOMING
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE ROOMS
OPEN AT THE CALIFORNIA.
Planning for the largest Parade
Ever Seen on the Streets of
San Francisco.
Having accepted the offer of General
Warfleld to allow the executive commit
tee of the joint committee of
the Native Sons and Daughters who
are preparing the reception of the Califor- ;
nia boys from Manila rooms in the Cali
fornia as headquarters, the rooms as
signed for that purpose were taken pos
session of yesterday by Grand Marshal
Pistolesi and Henry I. Fisher, who will
be in charge of them every day from 9
in the morning till noon, and from 1 in
the afternoon until 5 o'clock, and if It be
comes necessary some one will be there all
the time.
The first duty that was undertaken yes
terday was the preparing of about 750 in
vitations under the direction of the com
mittee appointed at the meeting held last
Monday night. The list will include every
society of whatever character, that the
committee can learn the name of, and i
there will be invitations to Federal, State ,
and city officials, to foreign Consuls and .
to officers of the army and navy. It is j
the desire of the committee that the pa- I
rade, which is to be held on the day fol- I
lowing the arrival of the fighters of the
Golden State, shall be the largest that has
ever been planned in this city.
The suggestion that was made in the
National Guard column of The Call last
Sunday has been taken up by the com- ]
mittee, and it is likely that the several
companies of the Fifth Regiment of In
fantry, which forms part of the Second ,
Brigade, to which the California First be
longs, will be furnished transportation
from the following points, where the com
panies are located: A at Oakland; B, ,
San Jose; C, Petaluma; D San Rafael, E.
Santa Rosa; F. Oakland: G. Alameda; H. |
Napa, to enable these guardsmen to greet
their fellow-soldiers on their return. The
Signal Corps of the Second Brigade will, |
as well as Troop A, cavalry, take part
in the reception. _ ,
A feature that the committee has under
consideration is the placing of
all the public school children
by schools along the line of march
provide them with flags to wave and
flowers to shower- on the heroes as they j
march past. And it is probable that an ,
effort will be made to have the children of ,
private schools do likewise. «_-*„
The subject of having appropriate floats |
in the parade has been discussed in some |
of the parlors of the Native Sons and of
the Native Daughters, but as i yet no defi- |
nite conclusion has been reached still it is j
thought that some will be Introduced -,^_ j
The Exempt Firemen, whose headquar- ,
ters are on Brenham place, and the as
sociation known as Sons of Exempts as
well as the Association of Veteran Fire- {
men, who have their headquarters In the
Pioneer building, will turn put with the
trappings of the days "of old, and each I
organization will man the ropes of appa
ratus that was in vogue when the volun
teer system was in operation in this city.
The- Naval Militia will also form part
of the great turnout, as light batteries
with rapid-firing guns.
Joseph W. Hughes of Sacramento,
erand chief ranger, and John J. Cord*. ,
grand secretary of the Foresters of Amer
ica wil 1 issue a circular to-day to all
the courts of the jurisdiction calling at
tention to the noble deeds of the soldiers
in the recent war as expressed in a resolu
tion adopted at the last held Grand Court
session In Santa Clara and winding up in
the following appeal: these resolutions
•'ln accordance with these resolutions
you are requested to appoint a committee
of three from your court to attend a meet
ing to be held Tuesday evening, August 8,
18», in the committee room, third floor.
Alcazar building. ISO O'Farrell street. San
Francisco, for the purpose ot^devUUlS
ways and means to give the First Cali
fornia Regiment, United States Volun
teers, a fitting reception and welcome on
their return from Manila."
McGOVERN CALLED A TRAITOR.
Disturbed Political Conditions in the
Twenty-Eighth Reach a Climax.
The disturbed political conditions in the
Twenty-eighth District reached a climax
last night at the meeting of the regular
district club at Armory Hall, corner of
Second and Folsom streets, when John J.
Greeley took the platform and Introduced
a resolution branding John J. McGovern
as a traitor and reading him out or the
The resolution was unanimously adopt
ed but back of Greeley's unexpected
move there is quite an interesting story.
When the Commltte of One Hundred or
ganized a club in the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict some weeks ago under the leader
ship of J. D. Maxwell and John J. Ferris,
McGovern, Greeley and Assemblyman
Eugene Lacy created a rival club. The
political pot simmered antJ boiled between
the two rival organizations, but during
tire latter part of last week the repre
sentatives of the two clubs sat down to
gether and settled their differences. A
compromise was agreed upon and they
decided to consolidate the two organiza
tions. At the last minute McGovern noti
fied Ferris and Maxwell that his organ
ization had decided against consolidation.
Accordingly McGovern called a meeting
of the club, but Greeley and Lacy, who
seem to have the entire following of the
club, marshaled their supporters and
brought them over last night to the feast
of consolidation. •
It is now rumored that McGovern In
tends to join hands with Larry Conlon,
who represents Buckley's interests in the
Twenty-eighth.
■ ♦ ■
Democrats in the Twenty-Eighth.
The Democrats of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District held a high jinks last
night at Third and Hunt streets. The
Buckley element was largely in evidence,
and speeches were made by James Bow
lan, Thomas Egan. Dr. Loryea and R.
Porter Ashe approving the policy of the
Buckley regime. Bowlan in his talk said
that the Examiner would hereafter keep
its literary hands off Mr. Buckley for its
own welfare. The enrollment committee
reported a total membership of 340. At
the end of the regular meeting short ad
dresses and songs were given by Walter
Curley, Dan Maloney. J. Collins and John
D. Condon.
_ . ■» o .
PRIZE FOR A POSTER.
The Mechanics' Institute has gone in for
the poster fad. The board of directors
decided last night to offer a prize for
the poster accepted for the coming fair.
All the posters submitted in competition
are to be placed on exhibition.
To givo the public a chance to say what
sort of public improvement it most de
sires Curtis Tobey Jr.. a member of the
institute, sent the board a communica
tion suggesting that every architect and
civil engineer in San Francisco be invited
to submit plans in competition for some
public improvement, the prize to b_
awarded to the specifications receiving
the largest public vote during the fair.
The suggestion will probably be adopted.
The University of California sent sev
eral letters to the effect that it will 1 aye
an exhibit at the fair. It is probable
that the art exhibit made at the National
Educational Convention will be part of
this exhibit, as well as designs from the
College of Mechanical Arts.
Th- United States War Department no
tified the institute that the old wooden
cannon captured by the Twenty-third
United States Infantry near Malolos In
the Philippines would be at the institute's
service whenever desired. This cannon is
made of a piece of gaspipe driven into
a log. the log then being bound around
with hoops.
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR.
The ladies In charge of Sacred Heart
booth at St. Brendan's Fair have left
nothing undone to make to-morrow even
ing's entertainment a success. The rapid
sale of tickets indicates a crowded house.
The programme includes the following
numbers:
. Selections by the Orpheus Glee Club
director, Professor Sandy; soprano solo,
Mrs. McGlade; song and dance, little lima
McAvoy; instrumental duet, the Misses
Hlckciy"; bass solo. S. J. Sandy; selections
by Professor Miller on his combination
silver orchestra (four pieces manipulated
by one man'; humorous selections by
Herbert Ely of the Occidental minstrels,
accompanied by S. Yale; cakewalk. Mas
ter Buttner and Marguerite <'ronin; con
tralto solo, by Miss Adeline, E. Blrchler;
tenor solo, by Harry Wood Brown; Irish
dancing. Professors O'Connor and Kelll
her; selections by Orpheus Glee Club. The
price of admission will be 25 cents and
tickets can be had at the hail. ir,u : .-:**-
SOLDIERS RUN AMUCK
ON BARBARY COAST
WIDESPREAD TERROR CAUSED
BY KRAG-JORGENSENS.
James Cassin and John Beach Escape
From Transport Tartar While
Drunk and Abuse Citizens
on the Street.
Two soldiers who ran amuck on the
Barbary Coast early yesterday morning
narrowly escaped being responsible for a
murder before the*.* were landed in the
California-street station by the police.
Both were scheduled to sail on the trans
port Tartar on Sunday night, but before
the vessel left the wharf th&y changed
their plans for. the Manila trip, and,' se
curing two loaded Krag-Jorgensen rifles,
escaped, hatless and coatless, to shore and
immediately became the terrors of the
dance halls and saloons on the Barbary
Coast. About 2:30 yesterday morning
they landed In a saloon on the first floor
of the Prescott House at 933 Kearny
street. Both were drunk, and after driv
ing every one from the place one of them
discharged his rifle at the ceiling over
head. The bullet passed through several
boards into a room occupied by Gustav
Welman, who conducts a jewelry store at
622 Merchant street. In tearing its way
through the floor of the upper room it
struck a gas pipe and glanced. Had the
missile continued in a straight path it
would probably have killed the jeweler.
After deserting the Tartar the soldiers,
whose names are James Cassin and John
Beach, entered saloon after saloon, in
each place driving out the occupants and
threatening life. While on the street they
prodded pedestrians with their bayonets
.- nd usually had the sidewalk to them
selves. In several houses they smashed
whatever they got their hands on and
tore the blinds from a building on Mont
gomery avenue.
When the shot was fired they again
started on their rampage, but were met
by Police Officers Peters and Cavanaugh,
who had been detailed to round up the
murderous soldiers. When the officers ap
proached both of the men made motions
as if to shoot should any attempt be made
to arrest them. By strategy the officers
succeeded in getting close enough to the
fellows to seize their weapons. A struggle
commenced and the soldiers, disarmed of
their rifles, reached for knives which they
carried in their belts. Officer Cavanaugh
quickly subdued his man, but Peters was
not co fortunate with his. The scuffle
with the latter was long, during which
the soldier made repeated efforts to get at
his knife. At length Special Officer Dag
gett and several citizens came to the of
ficer's assistance and soon had the culprit
handcuffed. _ .
At .he police station Cassin was recog
nized as the man who did the shooting
and in addition to being booked for dis
turbing the peace he has a charge of dis
charging firearms within the city limits
placed against his name. Beach will have
to stand trial for disturbing the peace
The military authorities were notified
yesterday and will take action on the
disgraceful conduct of the soldiers. Of
ficer Peters visited the Presidio and laid
the matter before the authorities.
GOING TO PARIS TO
SECURE HEADQUARTERS
C. L.. P. Marais, a well-known local
newspaper man, was appointed assistant
secretary and commercial representative
of the California commission to the Paris
Exposition at a meeting of that body yes
terday at the Occidental Hotel. The ap
pointment was made on the recommenda
tion of Raphael Weill, the presidents of
the different French banks and leading
members of the French colony.
Mr. Marais will leave for Paris on the
15th of next month to procure headquar
ters in the business portion of that' city
and to generally look after the business
of the commission until it arrives.
The Southern Pacific has hit upon a co
lossal advertising scheme. It will erect
a building of its own at the Paris expo
sition, where will be exhibited the re
sources of such portions of the State as
are tapped by its various lines. For this
purpose the company has set aside ; the ;
sum of $50,000, and its expenditure has
been placed in the hands of W. H. Mills, |
who will superintend the scheme.
INTERRED WITH HONORS.
Dr. H. R. Morton Sr., the pioneer den
! tist, who died on Saturday last, was buried
at Laurel Hill Cemetery yesterday after
c noon under the auspices of Hesperian
I Grove No. 13 of the Order of Druids. In
I compliance with the wishes of the de
ceased no religious services were held,
■ but the services of his order were read
i at Druids' Hall by Past Noble Grand H.
.1. <;cl!er. who concluded by paying an elo
quent tribute to the memory of the de
parted.
The funeral Was largely attended by
Pioneers and their families. Floral trib-
u tes were heaped in rich profusion around
; the casket. A floral pillow of large size
came from Hesperian Grove: a broken
i wheel was from the sons of the deceased
and scores of bouquets and other pieces
came in m friends. Dr. Morton was one
jof the best known men on the coast. He
! came here in 1846 and entered into the
practice of his profession. He was a
prominent factor in political and fraternal
! circles.
SAY HE WAS INSANE.
as anticipate"-, me win vi me miß Jo
seph M. Wood has been assailed, and a
lengthy and bitter legal battle will oc
cupy the courts before the order for dis
tribution of the estate is made. Yesterday
afternoon the children of the deceased
capitalist filed a contest to the will, on
the ground that the deceased was of un
sound mind when he affixed his signature.
Evans & Meredith have been retained by
the contestants to make the attack upon
the will. Decedent's estate has been ap
praised at $273,000, and it is for the largest
portion that the children intend to fight,
and for that purpose have joined forces.
. ■ ♦ .
Death of H. C. Lambert.
One more of the number who arrived In
Yerba Buena in 1849 has passed away.
This time the telegraph announces the
death of Henry C. Lambert at \Ve=>t New
ton, Mass., on the 18th Inst, at the age of
87 years. The deceased was born In Eng
land In 1812. On arriving in the United
States he located in Massachusetts,
where he was ordained a minister of the
Unitarian church. .
Previous to hig leaving Massachusetts
in 1849 he fitted out two vessels for the
Golden Gate, one of which was the Dux
bury, and which put into Bolinas, which
circumstance gave to the reef at that
place the name of Duxbury Reef. Be
sides his widow, who is now S3 years of
age, and several grown-up sons and
daughters, the deceased leaves a brother,
Charles Lambert, a resident of Oakland,
to mourn his demise.
FATHER SEMERIA CHECKED.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, July 25.— The Pope has charged
i the Commissioner of Cardinals with the
j duty of studying the doctrines of Chris
j tian socialism in order to preyent his be
! ing misled through an imperfect under
standing of the question. In the mean
! time his Holiness has forbidden Father
■ Semeria to continue his lectures favoring
I the movement.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COKPAONIS GENERALE TRANSATLAJtTIQTJB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _-*___
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <**¥??«
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •_«■«»»
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, J«ly 29; LA
TOURAINE, August 5; LA CHAMPAGNE
August 12: LA BRETAGNE. August 19; LA
NORMANDIE. August 26. First-class to
Havre. $63 and up-.-ard, 6 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second-class to Havre $45* jq
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building) New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
PHff-flHl,--} V* S - & Australia
18 *J_fi ■*??"_ for Honolulu
_*X-* m "- ,w Wednesday. July H.
a »t 2 p. ra.
G4_t__._'S\ s - 6 Moana rails
>JpJimSfin<J * ,a Honolulu and
C^WIIOIHU^ Auckland for Sydney
V-"'r-" J,w ? at 10 p. Augu ' x
Favorite Line Round the -World. 'rla Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues,
England, etc.; $810 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freijht Office, 327 Market SL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FASTIDIOUS MAN
Always sees that his linen and fancy
vests are well laundered, white and im-
maculate. "We are catering just now
to the summer man in laundering
everything that is necessary to his hot
weather apparel. Negligee shirts, duck,
pique and crash suits, fancy vests and
white linen collars, shirts and cuffs.
Ladies' shirt waists, dickies, etc.; we
launder just like new.
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20. ,
Oakland Office, 54-2 Eleventh St.
■ i
OCEAN TRAVEL.
FIRST STEAMER FOR
Cape Nome
Golofvin and St. Michael,
Connecting With River Boats For "
DAWSON
And All Points on the YUKON RIVER. \
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Steamer
HOMER,
HIGGINS, Master. " " '
From Spear Street Wharf.
FRIDAY, July 28th, at 3 P. Mi
For Passage and Freight Rates Apply at
Once at Company's Offices, 139 Post St.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAT, CAPH
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BERTHA,
Carrying U. S. Mail.
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to .
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j __, Steamers leave Broadway
W&fc_^ wharf, San Francisco:
! SgSSSafcH. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
l_P_3tt July "'- °* August 4. change
I i_-_S_N V-l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C___^_3 C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
1 i*^""^* t\_u\ Tacoma, Everett, ■ Anacortes
* and New Whatcom (Wash.),
t * 10 a. m., July 2.">. 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. By- _ . - _,_
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 2 p. m., July
23, 28. August 2. and every fifth day there-
a For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
e-Jnn Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport! 9 a. m.. July 23, 27. 31, August 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. July 25, 29, August 2. and every fourth day
tl For a Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. ■ __ '
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
■street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE Sl2 First Class Including Bert»
lAnt 68 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS * ™ __,_„_,, nt ____ cn _
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... August X I New York. . . .August 23
St Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August 16 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
A drla July 26 1 Kensington ....Aug. 19
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westemland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage npply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe 'Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
! India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
! of palling. ...
i AMERICA MARU Wednesday, July 21
, HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August IT
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 13
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
i freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
SAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
». _
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave "Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday). . r
I CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. .-; -
, — . __—__—_,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer ''Monticello."
MON. Tries.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Wo
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABBYST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
disease wearing oh body and mind ana
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others ffJL Try him. Charges low.
Cnre* raßrantred. CtJlorwrita,
2>r. J. «** WIBBQN, Bex 1997. «j*fc >'__-■*■
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'olock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet.
comer Clay; open until' 9:30 o'clock.
?S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:S0o clock.
Cl 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
1526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until "9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, , F. .and A ■
M. —D. 3 THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, July 26, at 7:30 o'clock. "XZC
By order of the W. M. __"_ » -~ ' r .
a. orucr H. FORTRIEDB t sec.
EXCELSIOR Ledge No. IW. F. and m
A. M. — Special meeting THIS »A,
..WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July 26, XX
at 7:30 o'clock. Second Degree. /— ~ *•
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION* Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— __
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __r\__
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- J__K
gree. H. C. BUNKER, Secretary. /NT *<
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones St.. TUESDAY EVENING. Au-
gust 1, at S:*>o o'clock.
ELMER E. KELLY. M.D.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office
of the oompany, 327 Market st., San Francis-
co, Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, 1599. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. July 2!-. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale *_? Howard
sts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
■day of August. 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R MEAD Secretary
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. st.. designs audits &
adjusts a. .- ■■■-■■ rorporafor.s A firms, rei.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. __
m7guire~ G M.I.A'.HKK -James TG. Ma*
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. <_ai'a-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-865 Market St.. tel. South 21».
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee withcut success; collections. G.W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
T. s CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp- Mason.
L S CLARKE-Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market : -consultation free: no '•■■"- >'' advance.
it_^ —
BOARD AM) ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms,- with
board, J." a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny' suites, single r.. reas.: board optional.
O'FARRELL 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
"POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
SUNNY 'home for children, .near school:- large
. {.-rounds: mother's can-: $5 to $10 per month.
' MISS WILSON, 138 West Mission, nr. .13th.
tjI'TTEH. ii2S-j-Lovely! sunny "rooms with board;
.'.pretty .'"garden: home cooking. ■
— »— — — — — — — - . e*" e" l^ eg
BOARDING FOR CIIILDKnN.
REFINED country home' for 1 or 2 children;
• near echools; music lessons: terms very mod-
erate. R. G.. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED French lady has a comfort-
able home for infants or children. 1321 Mont-
gomery, st, upstairs. *
GOOD home for 2 children over ! years old.
239 A Shipley st. _\_
WAN! Infant to board: $10 a month. 210
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. '
I _ < 11 ,
BOOKS NEW AM' "-1.1-.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
-Holmes Book ____ 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^s3so-~BAKERY In lively country town, close
to the city; rent $20; daily sales. $20; all cash
.store trade; full value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 996 Market st.
A— s6so; i.i lON : elegantly furnished: estab-
lished many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
register; safe: fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $".0; lease. Call
R. c; WILKIE, 906 Market ; st.
DEATH of owner <-ause of great sacrifice, sa-
loon with mercantile lunch, established years,
rent low clearing above £'■'" per month; leas-;
close to . lace Hotel. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st :
1450— Saloon best location on city front; sell-
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
& CO., '.-106 Market St.. room 7 and S.
$1100 — CHOP house and coffee saloon In
wholesale district; established. years; clearing
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE. '■"•(> Market.
THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar In the Mission; low
rent; must be sold at once; on account of
family trouble the place is turned over to a
wholesale liquor bouse; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s46o; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent "14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$700— LODGING house. rooms; well furnished;
excellent location; steady roomers; Al tran-
sient trade; investigate. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant with six living
rooms; excellent location; well-established;
receipts 515 day; must be sold: rare bargain;
Investigate. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 rooms, inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO., 765
.Market.
<350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State: value In sight; good
business; practically without competition;
bargain. M. LESS & CO . 7K Market st.
t ssoo PARTNER wanted In manufacturing "busi-
ness. See Mclaughlin & 00., 777' Mar-
ket St.
$1600— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosper-
ous country town near city; owner has had
business 20 years; retires on account of old
age. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 ! v Market st.
$600— PARTNER wanted in mfg. bus.: Gov.
trade. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market.
CORNER cigar stand; business street;
splendid location; departure cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777' 2 Market, st.
$150— GROCERY and bar; rent $16; 4 rooms; de-
parture cause sale. MCLAUGHLIN, 777 Mkt.
A FRUIT store, centrally located and must be
sold this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
HALF interest in a paying and thoroughly
established business: $300. PACIFIC COASI
EXCHANGE, 1007 1 Market st., near Sixth.
ONE-HALF Interest in a paying manufactur-
ing business; goods sold to dealers; large
profits; active single man preferred; capital
necessary $500. Apply PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, rooms 2-3, 1007% Market, nr. 6th,
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
• hotels, merchandise, etc.; sold and exchanged
Call and see my list. EITEL, 1008*4 Market.
A FIRST-CLASS candy store. Ice cream par-
lor and factory; fine location; prtncipa'
street; must be sold. JONES & CO., 865 Mkt
A— s32s; BARBER shop with laundry office; re-
ceipts $70 week; 3 chairs; mar Market; bar-
gain. City Business Exchange, 1032 Market,
$600— RESTAUR ANT; 25c meals; doing fine
'business; low rent; cause of selling, othei
business. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi
ness chances; loans and collections made. 93
Market sC^ .
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business
no opposition: refrigerator and smoke-house
sickness cause for selling; no agents. Bo:
923, Call office.
FOR SALE— First-class tailor shop cheap; li
fire-proof building in one of the best town:
In Northern California; sickness cause of sale
743 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage anc
pork-packing business for -ale In one of th<
best towns north of San Francisco. For par
tlculars Inquire at this office. ■
to sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
plvWß DENNISON. 783". Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale. 107 Berry st.
•— — „_ - shoo - pays well: low rent: goo<
ggj^t teWdf mak-a off"". 332 Bush st
«.t/-.'-i-m nr Market; 4 rms.: cheap rent; soot
B ________*& ba'gal^BECK & CO., 935 Mkt
T^rr-'ocTi rR with $150 can get half-interest it
A^cenS E e.tabl.sbl<J business. Mlaslonjt
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
$860— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar;
best location in the city; selling at invoice
price. HEALY & Co., 917 Market st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; prin-
cipal street north of Market; clearing $100 per
month: investigate. & ______•______
EXCELLENT cigar stand, day trade; full
value for money. Apply to FRIEDLANDER
& KAISER, 431 Montgomery st.
BARBERS ! chair shop for sale cheap on ac-
count of departure. Box 967, Call office.
j^r^ZgM^LL, produce, pork and delicacy store;
good location. Inquire at lOC Eleventh St.,
Call branch office.
FOR -Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and IJu-
pont. cltv; owners wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For ' fur-
ther information Inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SWgeor. Pine and Pupont sta.
i $2000— FIRST-CLASS grocery; must be sold at
once; best of reasons for Eelllng; new stock
and fixtures; will Invoice $3000; long estab-
lished; low rent; long lease; Investigate im-
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box
4i.91. Call office.
$1 50-1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue Printing MEL
A. BLEY. 611 Sacramento st.; tel. Main 1838.
t2OO— SALOON for sale, corner East and Green-
wich, rent $20; owner has two places. Call
230 Pacific st. _•
$40,000 FOR %' interest in an enterprising bust-
ness: no experience required. Address box
4994, Call office.
SALOON with pood business in good location.
" N'ABER. ALFS & BRUNE, 323 Market st.
j2Ofr— SALOON with good business. 636 Third st.
RESTAURANT; good paying; must be sold on
account of 111 health; snap. 606 Mission st.
WELL-PAYING cracker route for sale. Box
1599, "all.
WANTED— good-paying grocery that will
bear Investigation, BECK & CO.. 935 Market.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209 Second.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; good location; for sale
cheap; no agents. Inquire at Call office.
GROCERY' and bar, well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 320 Clay et.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.hox <1. Call.
$135— RANCH bakery', notion store; 2 living
rooms. 806*14 Filbert st.^_
BARGAIN— Meat market: $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
\ GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL *• CO.'S.. 4:.*. Sacramento c-t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
■ 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING. «
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40,
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
'■ J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J „ MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
'st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
: U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint 316.
: CONKLIN'S' Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
IC— — — —^ l^ — — —^CM
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS J~J~ WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvcyant: treats
private chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
| ladles, 6<>c; gents, $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
| ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Halev; tells your life from cradle to grave;
60c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St., parlors 3-5.
MME AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
' card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 2r.c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladies only.
513 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: past.
' present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
YOUR future told by cards; lady or gent, 25c.
Lady Barbers. 959 A Howard st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the _______ 120 A Eddy st.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2nc tip. "3 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c, Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hnnd's picture. 25c; ladies. 911 O Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2309 Polk st.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1576 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
$11— SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms; bath. Ewing
place, off Laguna. bet. Sutter and Post.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS* Dental. Parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50: flesh colored plates, from
$5- porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from S3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and .Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 6O0; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, 85;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 2* Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER, ,6 Turk: Deutscher Zehnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
j VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenii.ts. 850 Market St.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
| YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
'. HEALD'S Business College* 24 Post st., San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
I English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
i practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual Instruction,
• 200 graduates annually placed In positions;
: ! students can enter for any course any time;
; | no entrance examinations; new 80- page cata-
: I log free.
■ THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
1 | for the universities, law and medical col-
-1 leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc; evening -classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, - vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, - practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
I reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
[ "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM Bus-
lness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
i LAW Schools. 927 Market, 8. F., and 905 Broad-
, J way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 26, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES'^^u-lness College, 723 Market s*.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life,
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Fllis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
eve n San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archl.; day and eve ;
est. ___} I VAN PER NAILLEN, 9.13 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio. 1033 Sutter; piano, violin clari-
net, cornet, English and German. 60c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons; $5 mo. 614 Hayes St.. top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. CM-;
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT — Female.
FIRST-CI_\SS woman cook and house girl
wants place in country where she can take
boy 6 years old. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. "
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
good cook and housekeeper; 2£ years last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation as
cook: understands all branches of cooK.ng;
Jewish or American family; best local refer-
ences. Please call or address MISS D ■_-_-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ; telephone Grant 120.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
good cook and houseworker: 8 years last
place; city or country. MISS D. CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl, $10 to $15. Apply MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurseglrl; 3 years last Place; can
take full charge: good seamstress; Infant or
invalid. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH housegirl with 6 years* references;
tot-class cook. MRS. NORTON^ fc?. Sf«i?
and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG strong German woman wants washing.
Ironing, cleaning; $1 and carfare. M., UB3
Folsom st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
" housework in a private family. Address 66
Colton st. - —
GERMAN girl wishes position to do washing
and housecleanlng; $1 10 per day. 4 Ivy aye.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady mornings and evenings; no children. Box
970. Call. .
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
i half days at washing or housework; terms 50c.
Box 971. Call. . ,
RESPECTABLE old lady desires a position
with room and board; wages $i, per month.
Apply at 359 Minna st.. near Fifth; room 4.
GOOD cook wants position; would do some
washing. Call at 116 Fulton st.
MOTHER and daughter would like a place to
do chamberwork: summer resort or country
hotel. Address H. J., 427 Natoma st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; $1 and car
fare; is able and capable. Call 111*4 Minna.
YOUNG German girl wants housework In
■mall family: plain cooking; wages $20. AO-
dress 127 Turk st. ,
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
ing, ironing and housecleanlng; $1 a day and
car fare. Address 31 Moss st.
BY No 1 woman, position as cook in a delicacy
store or boarding house; no cards. 22 **itth
St., 2 to 6 p. m.
AN elderly American lady wishes position as
housekeeper In family. 123 1 -. Jackson st.
P. H. SEDGWICK, Herman House.
ENGLISH girl, recently from England, desires
a position as companion or lady's maid. Ad-
dress party at box 804, Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. .-21 Mission St., room 1.
WOMAN wishes good position; good cook, no
objection to country. Address box 924. Call.
WOMAN with a small child wishes work; good
cook. Apply 1139 Howard st.
COMPETENT young German girl wants situ-
ation to do plan cooking or upstairs work;
speaks French. 312 Minna St.; references. _
COMPETENT teacher"** disciplinarian, gradu-
ate State Normal School, life diploma, musi-
cian, testimonials from prominent educators
and Boards of Education in State, desires
situation, city or country. Box 568. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework In American family; good cook;
wages 186. Call 20 West Mission st., bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
WANTED— By competent woman, general
housework and cooking; no objection to coun-
try: best references. Apply 350 San Carlos aye.
YOUNG woman would like place as companion
and sewing; no objection to light duties;
references. Address box 1708. Call office, Oak-
land. ,
BY strong young woman as wormng house-
keeper; city or country. 15 Powell, room 5.
YOUNG woman wishes position as house-
keeper. 126 Fourth St.. room 15.
WANTED— Care of infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED Male %
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency.
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414-A O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly
understands care horses, carriages garden;
good driver; thoroughly competent. Box 4999,
Call.
A LADY (excellent housekeeper) and son, 23
(bandy generally), wish work In country, to-
gether or separately. Box 747, Call. Oakland.
COMPETENT young man wishes a place to
take care of horses and drive wagon. Box
1689, Call. '
GOOD. plain hotel waiter desires steady post-
ti*rT: Inquire New Golden Gate Hotel, 134
Fourth st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation as
waiter or to do housework; city or country.
Address HIRO, 583 Geary St.
BARBER would like steady work. Address box
1529, CalL
JAPANESE boy wants situation In store or
office. Address A. 11.. 416 Post st.
BY a temperate and reliable Englishman as
coachman with nice family or a driver for
doctor and office; has Al recommendations;
city or country. Address box 1540. Call.
BY a high school student, age 16, a position
where he can work for board and room, be-
fore and after school, or receive small salary:
a willing worker; speaks German. Box 943,
Call office.
HOTEL manager wants a house to manage In
city or country; practical In every way;
knows business from kitchen to attic; famil-
iar with California and Eastern customs.
Address G. DOBBS, Winchester Hotel, San
I Francisco. .
JAPANESE young man wants position to
wnit at the table or housework. K. FURU-
TA, 180S Polk st; telephone Polk 422.
. _____-_-—--—-
EXCHANGE.
SALE EXCHANGE.
60 houses and lots, from $600 to $20,000
30 in Oakl'd, Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to. 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 seres; $60 t0.... 10,000
45 hotels, rooming boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 stores, saloon, business places; $100 to 4,000
I BELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS OF
PROPERTY — WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER, 1020 Market
St.. opposite Fifth.
FOR lots In S. F., Oakland or Berkeley; 80
acres 'good soil, nice level oak timber land In
Shasta Co.; no irrigation; $12 60 an acre; no
Incumbrance. See owner, MARION GRIF-
FIN, from 1 to 2 . p. m., room 3, Seattle
House, 875 Washington St., Oakland.
10 HOUSES and lots, worth from $1800 to $7000
each, all clear, to exchange for ranches or
Eastern property: write me for reliable In-
vestments. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. -/
FOR sale or exchange story and a half
house; lot 100x200; barn, chicken bouse and
buggy shed: town water; located best resi-
dence street Dixon; value $2000. Address box
l.'Ol. Call office.
— ,— .^ — — — —^ e— cc^
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians. 107P4 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mail.
■— w m — — cm MM^ — — — ■^ c—^ — ■— sssm
FLATS TO LET.
TEHAMA, 36 and 38— 4-room flats; reason-
able rent; clean; neat. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. , . --
A NICE sunny upper flat; 5 rooms, bath. SO
Moss st. ; key cor. Howard and Moss sts.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments; yard; cellar; Bun all day. lIS Web-
ster St.. near Haight. .- ■ .
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * HOWELL.
I. 10 Montgomery at.
FLATS TO LET. _^_
A, M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
FLATS. COTTAGES.
217 Elm ay., 5 r...517 121 Cedar ay. 6 r...516
* 431 4th ay., 6 r.... 16 2827 Jackson, 5 r 12
2937 California. 5 r. 15 ; 17 Erkson ct., 5 r.. 11
. 2301 Geary, 5 r 16 2085 Ellis. 3 r 9
605 Ivy ay., 4 r.... 13 1 820 Buchanan. 3 r.. 8
1229 Broderlck, 4r. 12 i 13 Garden ay.. 4r. 7
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth* and Ninth.
FULTON, Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St., near Post, bet. Taylor and Jones.
NEW 6-room, sunny flat, frescoed, bath, water
free; $15. 3748 Twenty-second st., nr Castro.
SCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento— Modern mid-
dle flat; 7 rooms; bath; rent reduced. J. H.
CARSE. 11 Montgomery.
SUNNY 3-room bay-window flats, complete for
housekeeping. 3726 23d St.. near Dolores.
THIRD, 417^—2 front suites; modern improve-
ments; 8 rms.; hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
TWO nice unfurnished flats; 4 rooms each;
water free; $10 and $U. Apply 12118 Bush st.
2 NEW sunny modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye.. $21.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden; 1219 Laguna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$12 50— UPPER flat;-* rooms, bath, cellar. 1417
Pacific St., near Hyde-st. cable.
4 SUNNY rooms; yard. 17 Hampton place, off
Folsom st., bet. Second and Third. *
6 SUNNY rooms and bath; $15. 1338 Washing-
ton, corner Leavenworth.
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts.
FLATS TO LET Fornialied.
GROVE, 818. bet. Webster and Fillmore—
ny furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable if desired; references.
FIB.MTIK_ FOR SALE.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, and large grounds; hand-
somely furnished; at present occupied by a
family desirous of giving up housekeeping;
offers furniture for sale very reasonable; rent
moderate; excellent opportunity for family
looking for complete home. Box 966, Call.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP "WANTED — Female.
C~R~HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
4 waitresses, Santa Cms, $20, see party here
this morning; waitress and chambermaid to
assist waiting for hotel, near city, $20 each,
see party here this morning: 25 waitresses,
different places: 3 waitresses, best city hotels,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook.
Pacific Grove, $30; 3 other cooks, $25 and $30;
fancy ironers, $25 to $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook ranch, some housework. $25,
fare paid; German cook, Alameda, $25. see
lady here; 6 house girls, city, $25; 20 house
girls, city and country, $15 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for housework in a small family at the
Presidio. $20, choice place; girl for housework,
no cooking, small Jewish family, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK. San Rafael, $25; housegirl, San Rafael.
$25, see party here. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. ' _____
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl, small ranch.
$20- fare paid: short distance. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st. ■
LAUNDRESS, $30, Institution: also girl to as-
sist, same place, $20; nurseglrl, $10. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. __^
2 GERMAN second girls, $25 each; German sec-
ond girl. $20; 2 Swedish second girls, $20 and
$22 60; cook, $30, American family; 2 cooks,
German style, $30 each; 25 housegirls, $2.. and
$20; housegirl. Berkeley $20. Alameda $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
Chambermaid and laundress for
private family. $30; German cook, no wash,
$30; German or French nurse, $25: 2 Scandi-
navian second girls, $20; nurse and second
girl $15; cook for private boarding house, $25;
chambermaid, assist waiting, $20; Protestant
cook $30: a number of girls for housework,
$20 and $25, city and country. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
LADIES, if you mean business and really want
a first-class servant we can supply you If
order Is left with us exclusively. We have
some first-class servants now ready for work.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, boardlnghouse. country. $30 per month;
a German cook, city, private family, $30 per
month. Apply MISS D. CULLEN. MB Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and laundress,
$30: private family, country. Call MISS D.
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS. $30 and $35 per month, city; house-
work, Woodbrldge. $20: San Rafael, $20; Cor-
delia $15 fare paid; Raymond, $20; Belmont,
$15* 12 housework girls. $20 and $25;" 10 young
girls to assist. $10, $12 and $15. MISS D.
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WE want girl for office work; cook for mining
camp, $30; cook, private family, $20; house
girls, chambermaid and wait some, $18; wait-
ress. $20 and room; girls to assist: girls for
cannery; our places are the best to be had.
THE NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751
Market st. Telephone Black 3911.
CHAMBERMAID, plain country hotel, $20;
waitress, country hotel, $20. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., corner Seventh
and Berry sta
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
COMPETENT German girl; must understand
cooking and housework. Inquire between 1
and 3 p. m., at PLAGEMANN. 318 Sansome.
A COURSE in music or languages given In ex-
change for dressmaking. 530 Golden Gate !
aye., rooms 6, 6 and 7. ,
TWO compositors; straight composition. CHAS.
WILSON & CO., 632 Market st. "
GOOD vest operator as partner In a vest fac-
tory. R. THOMAS. 14 Grant aye., room 65.
WANTED— Shoe fitters, vampers, on men's
work, for Seattle. Apply 106 Battery st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
Apply after 9 o'clock at 1307 Hyde st.
WANTED— Strong young girl to do general
housework. 904 Taylor st.
HOUSEKEEPER for family of 3, $10 per mo.
2234 Fifteenth St., near Noe. -■:- ,-...■
WANTED— and laundress; references re-
quired. Apply 1114 O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl to assist in housework. 1111 Post
street.
GIRL to assist In housework, $10 a month.
2306 Sutter st.
FAT ladles wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Haight st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on white work;
good position for presser; electric Irons.
BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— German woman to assist In
housework; $10; state age; a good, permanent
home; In Alameda. Box 569, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls apply imme-
diately at cannery, 612 Lombard st. :- .■
NEAT young girl in small family for light
housework. Call after 2 p. m., 616>_ Lom-
bard st. ■
200 MORE sewing ' machine optrators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32-4 Fremont st. ' • ■ . .
WANTED— to assist in light housework;
small family. 2111 Geary St.. near Scott.
60 GIRLS for peeling and canning fruit. Apply
OVERLAND PACKING CO., 11 Harrison st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
HELP "WANTED
WANTED— Carpenters, $3 day; farmers, $1 25
day and $25; 3 farmers and wives, $35 and $40:
butter and cheese maker. $35; 100 laborers for
quarries, mines and other work, $1 75, $2, 2 75
day; miners, $40 and found and $2 50 day;
blacksmith helper, $1 60 and* board, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ■
WANTED— cook, near city, $40 and
found; restaurant cooks for city and coun-
try. $10 week and $40 to $50 month; kitchen
men and dishwashers, $15, $20 and $25: porter
for saloon, $20, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class butler for country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— man, good business educa-
tion and ability to begin as porter In whole-
sale grocery; references. Address box 561,
Call office.
DISHWASHER, $20; second cook, $45; porter,
$20; country hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26
I _ Montgomery St., room 12.
HELP WANTED —
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 76 AND $2 50 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO-
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK «
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st •
CAMP cook for a railroad camp, $50 to $60, free
fare; night cook for a railroad camp, $35;
cook, small spring hotel, $40; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $25; waiter, country restaur-
ant, $30; dishwasher, country hotel, $25; pot-
washer, $20; dishwasher, $20, same country
hotel; porter, summer resort, $20; bell boy,
same place. $15; 2 bell boys, city, $10; bell
boy, hotel, city, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
COOK and helper, country hotel. $80; cook and
wife country hotel, $75; cook and wife, res-
taurant, $14 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . /
TWENTY laborers for a railroad tunnel. 20c (to
27>_c an hour; 10 laborers" for a quarry coun-
try. $1 90 a day; 10 teamsters and laborers,
city. $1 75 a day; 10 farmers, $20 to $35 and
board; stone mason for railroad. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
JOBS AT BIG WAGES BIG WAGES
24 laborers (no experience), $42 and found,
steady job year round ". •••
12 laborers, fare 30c (no experience) $60
26 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $75
14 teamsters, fare $1 40. 4 horses $j2
12 teamsters, Alameda County, 4 horses —
$30 and found
186 laborers for all parts of California, wages
$3, $2 50, $2 day, steady, good Jobs
HELP WANTED FOR
Arizona, Oregon, Washington, British Co-
lumbia; wages $6, $5, $4, $3 50 and $3 day;
come and see ••
IN SAN FRANCISCO
6 laborers, board yourselves home..sl 75 day
30 laborers, $2 and $1 75 day, $30 and $26 and
found *."_"'"_
6 teamsters, haul building stone. s4o and found
6 2-horse teamsters, good board and bed..
$26 and found
Milkers, chore boys and men; other city help
Help factory and manufacturing companies..
Help for streetcar companies • •
Stablemen, city and country $30 and found
Gardener florist $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS. 37 MILLS.
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
194 laborers (no experience required); from
$26 TO $40 and found. FARE PAID.
ALSO
WOODSMEN, MILLMEN, SPOOL TEND-
ERS, MEN TO PILE LUMBER,' CROSS-
CUT SAWYERS, HEAD DONKEY MEN,
SHINGLE BOLT MAKERS. TREE FELL-
ERS. JACKSCREWERS, MILL BENCH
HAND. SHINGLE PACKERS. SETTERS
FOR MILL, BLACKSMITHS. SHINGLE
JOGGERS and 63 other positions; wages from
$75, $65. $60. $50, $40. $30 and found and $3 and
$2 75 per day
WOODCHOPPERS TIE MAKERS
All fare paid. COME AND SEE .....
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARE 634-636 Clay st.
JO MEN OR BOYS, FRUIT PICKERS.... S2O fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PUBLIC NOTICE
' AS THE SAN FRANCISCO PAPERS HAVE
SENT THEIR REPORTERS TO US RE-
GARDING THE COAST RAILROAD, WE
PUBLICLY ANNOUNCE WE ARE NOT
SHIPPING. MEN THERE. MURRAY &
READY*. 634 and 636 Clay st. ■
FREE FREE FREE
To every railroad in California, except Coast
Road, we are shipping drillers, laborers, team-
sters, hammermen, section hands, etc.; wages
from $3 day; good board and lodging only
$4 SO week
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO MINES 27 MINES ....MINES
35 miners, good Jobs $3 and $2 50 day
186 laborers no experience required, for 27
mines, wages $57 and found, $40, $60, $60 and
found and $2 50. $2 25 and $2 day, fare from
$1 30, steady Job year around; great crowds
dally going to mines; COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS. DAIRIES HAY AND HARVEST
$3 50 day 19 HAY BALERS $3 50 day
29 men for hay and harvest fields, $2 50, $2,
"*sl 60, $1 25 day, all parts California, good
Jobs; 30 milkers and buttermaker and separa-
tor tenders. $30, $25 and f0und...........
95 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
over California, $35, $30, $26 and $25 and
found ■■•••'«•''.■
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
14 choremen and boys for city and country
Jobs. $30. $26, $25, $20, $15 and $10 and found..
Gardener and wife Cook and wife
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT.... BUTCHERS
6 butchers, good Jobs. $35, $30 and found
9 cooks, $50. $45. $40. $35. $30, $25 and found
12 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
15 dishwashers $25. $20, $15 and found
Cabin boys, porters, boys to learn waiting,
pantry boys. Janitors, shoemakers, laundry-
men cabinet-makers, milk wagon driver,
boys for stores, drive butcher wagon,
for stores, learn baking trade. Come and see
MURRAY & READY,
■''■■■_■'■ 634 and 636 Clay St.
FARMER and wife. $40, fare $1; nurse for an
institution, $15 and found; laundryman, l.to
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. .
HEADWAITER, $30; same hotel, waiter. $25
and found, country. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St. _
..CARPENTERS AND BLACKSMITHS.....
' 3 carpenters, free fare ___""I*_ da X
S bridge carpenters ii' ..$45 and found
9 blacksmiths and helpers. $2 50, $2 day. $45
$35 $30 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED "near city, $45 and found;
Blacksmith. near city, t*o and found
blacksmith, near city. $2 50 to $3 per
day; helper, same place, $1 50; dairyman,
small private dairy, flrst-class place, $30 and
board; 4 men about mine, outside work, $o2
per month; 60 post and tie makers, also
woodchoppers In virgin timber, fare and tools, j
etc., advanced, see party in city; 10 labor-
ers for brickyard near city, no experience
required, $30 and board; same for city, $26
and ifeard; 50 laborers and teamsters for city,
$1 75 T>er day; 5 milkers. $25 and $30; man
milk a few cows and chore on ranch near
city $20 and steady Job; 20 farmhands and
teamsters, near city, $1 25 and $1 50 per day;
20 woodsmen and laborers for logging camp,
see party here, $26 to $35 and board; camp
waiter, free fare, $25. We guarantee all
above positions and will pay fare both ways
and refund fees to any one not being of-
fered work where we send him. This stands
for all. No other office gives the same guar-
antee. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WE want a lot ofboys early this morning:
also men for mines, laborers, teamsters, pick
and shovel men; 2 dishwashers, $8 and $7 per
week; cook, small hotel, $35 and room; and
lots of other good Jobs; come early. NEW
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market st.
CATHOLIC nurse, hospital, $15 per month,
country. MISS D. CULLEN, 325- Sutter st.
BOY or young man to assist in garden, Menlo
Park, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
MEN wanted— LaborersT drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to So-
nora free. BUCKMAN. 302 Montgomery st.
GOOD barber, Wednesday afternoon. Thursday
evening. Saturday and Sunday; wages; 514'_
Third st.
NEAT boy for office; light work. Address In
own handwriting box 966, Call office.
BRIGHT boy to learn trade, about 16 years
old. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
STOUT boy to feed printing press and run
errands; wages $3 50. Box 969, Call office.
WANTED— Boy. Apply 611 Sansome st.
STRONG boy for store, $15 month; give refer-
ence. Address box 566, Call office.
BOY about 18 years old. Address box 567, Call
office.
BOY, 14 to 16 years, to put up extracts; $3 per
week. Box 968. Call office.
WANTED— Boy for printing office. 1243 Mis-
sion st. ■ .
SOLICITOR for printing office, 420 Montgom-
ery St., room 33.
SALESMEN, city and country; factory to con-
sumer; staple goods. 1171 Mission st.
WANTED-— upholsterer. Apply 833 Broad-
way, Oakland, at once.
GOOD barber. 532 Third st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 1073 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1205 Fillmore st., near
Turk; wages $6 per week.
DISHWASHER, good wages. SE. cor. Green-
wich and Lyons sts. _;.-..'
WANTED— Good colored barber. JESSIE
LY'DE, Redding, CaL .■
YOUNG man who has had experience in tin-
shop. Apply 7 and 9, 633 Mission st. '
BARBER wanted steady at 321 Eighth st.
WANTED— Piano player; play by note. Call
904 Kearny St., room 14.
BEDMAKER. German Hotel, 560 Howard st.
DISHWASHER, must understand little cook-
ing, $5 week. 233 Sixth st.
HELP WANTED — Male.
WANTED— good dishwasher. 446 Brannan
st.
WAITER wanted at Golden West Hotel.
BARBER, young man, with 1 year's experi-
-0 ance. 1738 Market St., opp. Eleventh st.
WANTED— Men and women to sell Hoover's
Headache Powders; 100 per cent profit. Apply
Hoover's Pharmacy, Cal. and Devlsadero sta.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light work;
must be satisfied with $16 per week and have
$75 cash. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS— shop for sale cheap on
account of departure. Lurllne Baths.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003, Call office, Oakland.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
1 and advertise California Orange Syrup: $2
j per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
1 particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup ("*«.-; San Francisco. Cal.
600 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
MEN Laborers, drlllmen and team-
. sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
■ rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; -wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. v .
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 9.".7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. '.;:■■:■■-.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale j
1 CAR small mules, 1 car large mules, at the
Canty Ranch, Grayson, Cal. -*• , "
POULTRY, game, fancy pigeons for sale; fine
English pouters and fantails. Stalls 9 and 10,
Grand Western Market; loft, 3938 Army st.
SURREY; laundry wagon; work horse. 1634
Mission st.
HANDSOME mare, sound, quiet and showy;
O'Brien buggy and $40 set new harness; $125,
or separate. 765 Hopkins St., East Oakland.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies. I
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market. j
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday. I
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. I
JUST arrived— large horses and car- j
load med'um size, broke and unbroke, at j
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business :
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. sue- 1
cessors Kllllp & Co.. salesyard, 1732 Market. j
FOR sale---$4O; thoroughbred saddle mare; suit-
able for lady: 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKER.
FOR OVER 23 YEARS IN THIS CITY.
12-room house; large yard: downtown $400 |
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300 |
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
1400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER, 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented: bargain; easy payments. DECKER,
1020 Market st. ._
64-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see It. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
R H WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter and Post sts $500
18 rooms rent $65; near Orpheum -. 900
30 rooms, rent $90; fine paying house 1350
40 rooms, modern; cheap rent 1600
MONEY TO LOAN AT TWO PER CENT.
5 ROOMS, new furnished flat; $150 cash, balance !
$5 monthly.
32 rooms; "J block of Market; $100 a month
rent: $1200, half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms; $45 rent; very central: one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 Farrell st.
FOR sale — business and furniture of a fine
family hotel. 60 rooms, situated in the cente 1 *
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy, Cal.
GREAT sacrifice, $325: lodging house on Third
St., 18 rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET, 411% California St., upstairs.
$525— 20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE, 3 Eddy st. !
$300 SNAP— 24-room house; all rented: near
; Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
I $750— HOUSE. 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
' filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg. '■
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms; well
lighted: for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
HOUSES TO LET.
CORNER house, 6 rooms, bath: marine view;
interior decorations; $30. 2333 Leavenworth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 .Montgomery st.
MINNA, 66— Sunny side, 10 rooms. $15, and 9
sunny rooms. (8 Minna St., $12 50.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first St.; key next door.
HOUSES TO LET Fnrnlnbed.
NICELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, bath;
cottage rent $16; furniture and carpets for
sale. 1469 O'Farrell st. apply 10 to 5.
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN sunny house, 8 rooms or flat of 7
rooms (2 tenements); centrally located; north
of Market: state rent. Box 1531, Call office. |
' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Sunday, July 23, 9 a. m. boat, between
Sausallto and Mill Valley, a Russian sable
collar; suitable reward given for Its return
to FANNIE ROSENTHAL. 418 Montgomery.
LOST Third assistant marine engineer's li-
cense, between Harrison and Mission. Return
to 36 East st. and receive reward.
LADY'S gold purse attached to chain, with
letter F. Liberal reward at 98 Webster st.
FOUND— July 12, small black and tan dog,
white breast, one white paw. 429% Mlssls-
slppl st. •■''-..<:"
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; c .sulfation free and
confidential; home treatment, _*•>; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guarat*eed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to i Sundays by appointment
only. -
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relic^guaranteed
at any time when others have tailed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day ; no Instruments used: cure at office
$5: home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2\to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home'
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free -conn-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st •
pills. $1: very strong, $2. .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50-
-expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late
I OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Call
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause* positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly* consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A _ D ]-{ G W O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
fret; call or write. 1023". Market st.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause* every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once- safe; call on a physician with men
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. ■
DR WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 7*4-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11. a m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. ____
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN, 22S \ anN ess.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladles' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagngue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
A nice private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, ' showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
LATEST improved total adding National Cash
Register. Address J. WOHLER, Twenty-
first and Treat aye. ___
FINE modern make sealskin for $90; worth
$150. UMCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
NEWFOUNDLAND pup for sale, In saloon, 211
Leidesdorff st. '
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron; wood planers. 12 in. and 24 in.: hydrau-
lic pump: 2d. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand, also wine
I making mach'y. Krogh Mfg.Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p.. $160. 2 h. p. $125. i
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 627 *-..,sslon.
I DRESS pants. $2 96; fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
I A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
I SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand." ail
I sizes; half original ■ -.st. 109-111 Market. S. V.
• CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid
MISCELLANEOUS -WANTS.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. "
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. -.J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st. r above
Sixth: telephone South 14. _ *
ANY amount at 6% por cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin .Jewelry
StoVe, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by rrivate party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON city and country property, chattel mort-
gages, estates, rents, etc A. Al. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. MO]"-''',!., 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.; .
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. WO Market st. -
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED S2SOO on gilt edge security. Box
4643. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright -ianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.; San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. * _____•
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE Arion piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms, sacrificed this week for $90.
Room 21, Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to aIL W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
WANTED — square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st. .
VERY fine Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sSs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. _ ■
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. K'DH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES Let.
ASHTON & GARDlNER7^ll~_*_m7gomery st.
$60—105 Taylor st.
$50— Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$35— 559 Mission St., near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery aye.
$22 50—836 Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison St.. corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light, heat. janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON A GARDINER. Room 210.
GROCERY corner, 217 Ninth St.; 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
TO let — Corner store, completely furnished for
grocery and barroom: rent $32. Scott and
Sutter sts.
SIXTH, 53S- store. 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $10; water free. *
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
v - PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERtLVARTjC^pupIY of Count St.~Ger--
main, M Geary, at., above Jones; classes;
[ office hours, 1 to Bp. m. ; reading by mall, JO.