VOLUME LXXXVI— XO. 113.
HERRIN TO BE SHELVED
AS POLITICAL MANAGER
Story That E. 0. McCormick Is
to Head the Bureau.
Admiration of the Law Department's Chief
for the Drama—The Passenger Traf
fic Manager's Eastern Record as
a High-Ciass Politician.
THERK Is a > circle of :an? near the Southern Pacific
at W. F. Herrin is to 1 ook feather and tha:
■ . - P. Huntington is to be given
to }■: _ ■ . • r came to Cali
forr. ■ . ■ ..• ship acquired in seventeen
Stat.
■> ■• I sir fellow citizens in
It-Fs favon ■ s to the excellent qualities of
the affabh I
It is not asserted that Herrln is to be deprived of his rank and emoluments
as director of the law department. He will be on deck as usual in the yellow
building:, and will be permitted to r*n? on* bi-11 to Fommon PiUsbury and two
bells to bring in McEnerney, as he recently remarked to an angelic companion.
One of Mr. Herrin's chief ?ources of delight is to dwell on the fact that lawyers
of the highest grade promptly respond to his suggestions.
One cannot say that Mr. Herri recounts to men his achievements as a com
mar; of lawyers, but the subject is frequently Introduced to charm the angels
of the fair sex. It Is due to Mi Herrin to -•.■ that he does not boast of his
achievements as the manager of the Southern Pacific political bureau, and it Is
due to Cnllis P. Huntlngton to say that the president of the company has not
paid a public tribute to the law department's management of the late Senatorial
campaign. It must be obvious, therefore, that the historian must look to the
re-cords of the law to find proof of Herrings greatness. The proof will not be
found the record of politics or the drama, for Herrin blunders as readily in
dealing with the fair exponent of dramatic art as he does in intriguing with the
debased politician.
If Passenger Agent McCormick enters the political arena in California he
may be sure of going in under what is commonly called the most favorable aus
pices. No matter what he may dt> he ■will not do worse than Herrin has done.
In Ohio, Illinois and Indiana Mr. McCormick looked after the Interests of the
"Big Four." In the four big cities which the rails join Mr. McCormick was
familiar with the local politics of the several towns. He knew Mayors and
members of Congress and was on intimate speaking terms with several Gover
nors, but with none just like ours. He came West, like many of his predecess
ors, to enlarge his horizon and his salary, but the change of base has not dimin
ished or dulled his fancy for taking a hand In politics.
.v doubt there is a fine field in California for a railroad man who possesses
the double qualification of a passenger traffic manager and political manipulator.
A passenger man like Mr. McCormick ought to know how to place passes where
they will do the most good. Herrin's first blunder In the late Senatorial cam
paign was committed with the assistance of a pass, but as the campaign pro
gressed he got so that he could commit a blunder without any assistance.
Mr Hi ■ "rmick is everywhere - t in the highest terms of commenda
tion. He went E ■• iys ago over the Southern Pacific to attend a
meeting of tue W. -• elation, and no doubt the members of
the aa will compliment him on the courage he displayed in traveling
over the r I own r --. The story goe* that he will, on his return, re
lieve the law department at its political responsibilities. When he returns he
will obtain a roster of the California Legislature and endeavor to ascertain the
names of the members who can be trusted with passes to give to other
members.
It is remarked to Mr. McCormick' s credit that he conducts political affairs
on a high plane, He was not accused in the East of advocating the election to
high office of a man whom he would not invite to his home. That much can
liardiy ht% said of the Jate political manager. "W. P. Herrin.
MANY MET
DEATH DURING
THE TYPHOON
More Than a Thousand
Bodies Found in Japan
ese Districts.
• >. ■ ■ rhe Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 20.— Mail ad
virep on the Empress of India say tiat
during the recent typhoon the most seri
ous disaster was at Bt-sshim mines, in the
A-aihame district.
Ed at the
Bo far
unearthed and
: ; lyoahlno and other
Al -: 200 more I ■''.:*$ are be
.ried in the valley called
Kenkadsj .Mura
thirt;- ■ fifty-three
-
It is 1 ■ • ■ ■ .
■
ming.
At Sumino Mura fifty-seven out of sev
enty-four houses were washed away and
five others demolished, killing 120 per
sons. Fourteen families have been anni
hilated. In Okayama district 6 persons
•were killed, in Jodoj?on 26. Okugori 10.
Kochi 36 and Takarr.;usu 208.
DEMOCRATS REFUSE
RENOMINATIONS
Men Who Headed the State Ticket
Last Year Do Xot Care to
Run Again This Time.
■ STON, Sept. 20.— The declination
of the two men who headed last year's
Demr.cra.tic ticket, Alexander P>. Bruce
of Lawrence and Edward J. S'.attery of
Bouth Framlngham, to run again this
y^ar, was the sensation of the pre
liminary' gath>- .: : the Dem
for the i~tate convention, which will be
to-morrow. To-night it was
announced that Robert T. Payne Jr. of
thifl city had consented to head the
ticket, but th< re was quite a c i
for second place, with no agreed can
didate at a iate hour.
Due <>t the resolutions of the plat
i to the committee and
quentlj killed denounced Agul
naldo as a traitor and repudiated his
statement that he had the sympathy
of the Democratic party. The same
resolution also demanded that the Phil
1j. ], tries be giv*-r. t-rritonal government,
subject to the inhabitants taking the
oath of allegiance.
Steamship Line to Chile.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald- Copyright--'!. l£S3, by James Gordon
Bennett.
VALPARAISO, S<-pt. 30.— 1t is said that
an Italian Steamship Company will es
tablish a service to this coast. There is
a lull in commerce and politics owing to
national festivals.
Ex-Congressman Dead.
CAMBRIDGE, Ohio, Sept. 20.- Hon. Jo-;
ocr Taylor died at his home in J
tills city to-day, - Mr. Tay
lor was for ma:. dtor and propH
• the Guernsey Times, and served]
In the Forty-eighth. Fiftieth, Fifty-first
and Flftv-Becond Congresses. I
The San Francisco Call.
COURTAINE
TO GO ON THE
STAGE AGAIN
♦
Veteran Actor Recovers
Eyesight and Will Leave
the Almshouse.
Special rusjj&tch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Just recovered
from temporary blindness and frum two
operations for hernia. Harry Courtaine,
veteran barytone singer and actor, will
soon leave the Almshouse Hospital on
Blackwells Island to fill an engagement
on the stage.
Courtaine is in his seventieth ;. <=ar.
While singing under the management of
TuHl In London in 1856 he was engaged by
"Tom" Mafriire to sing in Maguire's
Theater In San Francisco. He remained
in California for twenty years, and at one
time managed the Metropolitan Theater
- n Francisco. He '-ame to New York
f9, having been engage! by A. M. Pal
mer for "The French Flats,"' in L'nion-
After that he appeared
'•ral Eastern and Western cities,
and from 18M to 1 ?s ? he played in England
in "Henry V" and various other dram.v».
lino's wife was a singer and
She became paralyzed and died
four years ago.
STRIKE IN HAVANA
GROWING SERIOUS
The Stevedores and Cigar-Makers
Threaten to Go Out — This Will
Make About 4000 Men Idle.
HAVANA. Sept. 20.— The strike has
assumed serious proportions. It Is now
j estimated that there are 12,000 striking
I masons, painters, carpenterß, cart men
! and laundry workers, and if, as is
threatened, the hackmen, stevedores
; and cigar-makers strike, within the
next few days there will be another
i 4000.
The cart men went nut to-day, there
by paralyzing the wholesale business
housf-P. They give as a reason for their
:: the unfair treatment they have
been receiving at the hands of the po
a majority of the cart men being
Spaniards.
Many reliable business men say that
1 this strike of the cart men is the only
: legitimate strike. It is asserted th.it
the police shamefully abuse their au
thority over oart men, endeavoring "to
I get them to talk back, so. as to have a
pretext to take them to prison and to
a< cuse them next day of insulting the
police.
FATAL EARTQUAKE
IN ASIA MINOR
Hundreds of Lives Lost at Aidin In
the Valley of Menderez.
SMYRNA. Asia Minor. Sept. 20.— There
was a disastrous earthquake this morn-
Ing at Aidin, a town on the Mender
eighty-one miles southeast of this place'
Hundreds of persons were killed In the
valley of Menderez.
Peace in San Salvador
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.-The State
Department to-day recedred a cable mes
sage from United States Consul Jenkins
at San Salvador, saying briefly that the
state of siege has been removed, and that
peace prevails In the land.
SAN FKANCISCO, THUKSDAY, SEPTESIBEK 21, 1899.
A NEW BALLOON TO WASTE HIS BREATH ON.
BOTH BRITONS AND BOERS CONTINUE
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.
LONDON, Sept. 20.— Despite all
outward show of calm. Great
Britain is in practically the same
condition to-day a^ \ras >he
T'nited States a few wwks before
the opening of the war with Spain. Be
neath the crust of diplomatic reserve
the military officials are working night
and day preparing for the signal to be
gin hostilities, whether that comes or
not.
England is not going to be caught
napping any more than the Transvaal.
While Lord Salisbury is quietly at
home in Hatfteld House. Mr. chamber
lain is buried in work at the Colonial
Office, and double forces at the Royal
Arsenal and dockyards are straining
every nerve to equip and transport
troops to the Cape.
It may be set down for certain that
Great Britain will do nothing to pre
cipitate matters, and the Colonial
Office lfi far from admitting that the
case is hopeless.
The rer.ort that Great Britain had
demanded the dismantlement of tho
fort at Johannesburg, together with a
material reduction in the armament of
the burghers, the Colonial Office to-day
would neither confirm nor deny, al
though it is much doubted.
Meanwhile the Marquis of Lans
downe, Secretary of State for War
who returned this morning from Dub
lin, has held long conferences with
General Lord Garnet Wolseley, field
marshal, and General Sir Evelyn
Wood, adjutant general of the forces,
and the activity at headquarters is re
flected in the contract, supply and
transport departments.
The departure of the British trans
port Jeliunge for the Mediterranean to
Boers Escorting Ammunition Trains Across the Mountains From
Delagoa Bay.
From a Sketch by J. Harrington.
. ♦ ♦♦-♦•♦■♦■♦♦■♦■■♦-♦♦♦♦■♦•♦♦
♦ ■:-.■■■•■-■? ' mi : .'+
♦ CAPE TmVTSV Sept. .20.— Sir ♦
■♦• Alfred Mll&er's dispatch to Pros- ♦
-♦- Ident Steyn informs him that '+ '
■♦■ the British and the Transvaal +
♦ governments are now' hopeful of -f
-♦• a friendly settlement. Should -♦■
+ this hope be disappointed. Sir Al- ♦
■♦• fred says. he looks to. the Orange ♦
♦ Free State to present strict neu- ♦
♦ trality and to prevent military -f
♦ intervention by its citizens. . ♦
♦ ♦
-t'-f't'-f-f'f-f-f- >-f ♦ -r ♦♦♦♦•♦♦
day with 1100 troops was witnessed by
a large and enthusiastic crowd. •
At Woolwich activity increases daily,
and especially in the ordnance depart
ment, where Maxim 'guns, lyodite
shells, balloon equipments, pas reser
voirs, wagons for limelight apparatus,
water carts, ambulances, army wagons
and other paraphernalia of modern
warfare are being hurried forward.
While rumors of the reassembling of
Parliament are current, the fact is re
called that in the Afghan war in IS7S
Great Britain declared war first and
then assembled Parliament.
This evening the Marquis of Lans
downe issued a strict order to the staff
of the War Office warning all subordi
nates to refrain from giving the press
any information whatever without the
authority of their superiors, and call
ing attention to previous breaches of
duty in this respect, which, the order
says, "will be no longer tolerated."
Advices . from Cape Town are to the
effect that the Afrikanders declare that
the Transvaal will not ' yield ■ further
and that if the imperial Government
does not recede from its present post
tlon war is inevitable. The South Afri
can News supports the contention of
the Transvaal that the convention of
ISS4 abolished the suzerainty.
According to other advices the burgh
ers are rapidly going into laager, while
the exodus from Johannesburg reached
1000 persons yesterday. The Stock Ex
change at Johannesburg has resolved
to close the moment martial law is pro
claimed, but all current contracts will
be carried out until the proclamation
suspending all business. In the mean
time the merchants are erecting barri
cades In fmnt of their shop windows.
At Pretoria the interest seems to be
centered in the meeting of the Orange
Free State Volksraad to-morrow, which
If is hoped may suggest a modus vi
vendi that would save the situation.
<»n the other hand, advices from
Bloemfontein announce the arrival
there of a large number of members of
the Raad, adding that the result of to
morrow's sitting is already agreed on,
as the Orange Free State will throw in
its lot with the Transvaal, all the Free
State burghers being fully armed and
ready to start at a moment's notice.
A special dispatch from Johannes
burg says that 450 persons left by one
train to-day.
Right Hon. Sir William Vernon Har
court. Liberal member of Parliament
for West Monmouthshire and former
leader of the Liberal opposition In the
House of Commons, in the course of an
address to his constituents this evening
in New Tredgar, said he could not read
the persistent attempts of the war
press to aggravate the Transvaal situ
ation without indignation.
"Great Britain," said the speaker.
Continued on Second Page.
ASSESSOR DODGE IN
A VERY BAD LIGHT
Fails to Account for Taxes on
Nine Millions of Property,
Auditor Wells' Demand Upon Hii lor the
Money Is Ignored— Matter in the
Hands of the District
Attorney.
ASSESSOR DODGE may soon be forced, if the law takes Its course, to prove
that all the nice things he has been saying about himself are not the
veriest .cheap political claptrap. There is now in the hands of District
Attorney Murphy for legal action the City Auditor's demand upon the
Assessor for the sum of $122.982 04, which Dr. Dodge in his official capacity is in
duty bound, to cover into the city treasury. He has been requested so to do
| by Auditor Wells, but has made no response.
; Dr. Dodge has allowed the impression to gain ground that he is "the whole
thing" in the line of Assessors. Like Katlsha's tooth, he stands alone. Before
he was elected he did a juggling act with a piece of chalk, a blackboard and
an assorted lot of figures that would have made Herrman's head swim. He be
gan then to say nice things about himself. He allowed his friend and political
sponsor. Mayor Phelan. to say nice things about him. Both have continued un
' interruptedly to say lots of nice things about the doctor and to allow the
Mayor's personal and partial organ to repeat them. They even threw In a few
figures by way of corroborative detail, on the assumption that figures won't lie
and that figures were such prosaic things that nobody would take the trouble
to verify them. But, with all the figures, with the demand of the Auditor for
that $122.982 04, Assessor Dodge has not turned that sum into the city treasury,
and the fact remains that until he does he is not the lily white Assessor he
would have the public believe.
Last week Assessor Dodge said some more nice things concerning himself.
They were contained in a supplement to his regular report and filed in the
Clerk's office. In it is the following passage, which, one familiar with the work
ings of the office would think, would have refreshed his memory about that
$122,982 04, although he carefully avoids all mention of it:
Th» total assessment roll for the year 189?, after making the corrections and deduc
tions authorized by your honorable body, amounts to 111.615, as against $332,344,061 for
the year 189*. or an increase of $. r 2. "57,554 over the assessment of last year. As the total
assessment of real estate is $344. less this year than the assessment of real estate for
the year I«9S it follows that the marked Increase in the assessment roll has been obtained
through the Increased assessment of personal property.
"Personal property!" That's just where the rub comes in on Assessor Dodge.
He says: "It follows that the marked increase in the assessment roll has been
obtained through the increased assessment of personal property." That is the
first statement that proves, in connection with Auditor Wells' demand on Asses
sor Dodge for $122,952 04, that the Assessor is all right on a blackboard and all
wrong in the office. It opens the way to show that, while Dodge has been all
along patting himself on the back for the good thing he says he is. he is far and
away behind his predecessors in the diligent conduct of his office. In other words,
it makes plain that, while he is the very deuce when It comes to assessing, ho
is only a two-spot on collections. <
The sum of $122,982 04 in question represents the tax on personal property of
the value of 59,330,953 which Dodge assessed all right, but which, it seems, he has
failed to collect. It will be noticed In passing that it is on the Increased assess
ment of personal property that the phenomenal Assessor prides himself. When.
one stops to consider that, notwithstanding this herculean effort the city treasury
is shy just $122,982 04, it is plain oa the face of it that figures won't lie even for
"Juggler" Dodga' and 1122,982 04 is facing him for explanation. , .. ___
The law that demands this explanation is very plain and under it Auditor
Wells has acted. It reads:
Within fifteen days after the first Monday in August of each year the Auditor of the
county, or city and county,^must make a careful examination of the assessment book or
' books of the county, or city and county, and ascertain therefrom the amount or amounts
of all tax?* that should have been collected by th** Assessor in pursuance of this chap
ter, and wbfeh have not been collected. He must then state an account to the Assessor
. «nd demand from him that the amount or amounts so remaining uncollected shall be paid
Into the county treasury within fifteen days from the date of said demand. If at the
expiration of said time the Assessor has not settled for and paid said amount or amounts
into the treasury as aforesaid the District Attorney must commence an action in the proper
court. against the Assessor and. his bondsmen for the recovery of said amount or amounts
so remaining uncollected; and upon the trial of said action- no defense shall be ad
missible except that the assessment or assessments are illegal, invalid or void.
That law has been on the statute books for many a day and some of Dodge's
predecessors have failed to account for sums demanded to be accounted for
under it, but .none tof them have been so lax, have left such a large sum un
covered into the treasury as the model Dodge. Here is the record of three years
taken from the books in the Auditor's office— and Dodge says figures won't
lie: -_ . - .
In 1537 Assessor Siebe -failed to account for the taxes, amounting to J5652 63, on personal
property assessed at $686,
In 1898 Assessor Siebe failed to account for the taxes, amounting to 13210 S3, on personal
property assessed at $270,573.
In 1899 Assessor Dodge has failed to account for $122,982 01 taxes
on. personal property amounting to $9,330,959.
How does he explain these figures? Will he tell the people that he was so
busy putting into his own pocket the 15 per c*nt of all the poll tax collected that
he didn't have time to look after the city's taxes on unsecured personal property?
Will he explain to the 44.913 voters in San Francisco, many of them poor men,
that both his hands were so deep in their pockets for the 30 cents he got every
time he gave one of them a poll-tax receipt that he had to let the city's busi
ness slide?
Come to think of it. he will not have to tell them. He is authority for the
statement that figures won't He, and there they are for him. The lowly figures
30 will represent the amount of cents he has taken this year from the pocket of
every man in San Francisco he has hounded for poll tax, while he let slide in
his greed for gain a sum twenty thousand dollars in excess of the sum total of
poll tax.
According to the Auditor's books, to date Dodge has collected poll tax from
44.913 persons, representing a total of $*9,526. His commission, dug out of the
pockets of the poor, was $13,473 SO. Since tha,t entry he has collected other poll
tax, but not to exceed $100,000 in all.
The amount he has failed to collect on personal property is $122,982 04.
That is the Dodge idea of assessing.but it is not the law's. It puts money
into Dodge's pocket, but it leaves bare boards jr. the city's chest. That's the
sort of assessing that points to' a "dummy assessment roll," and says "I done it,"
while poor school teachers have to live on bread and water for lack of pay. It is
the kind of assessing that has swelled the assessment roll to $405,000,000, and
says: "My predecessors ain't in it." And it is also the kind of assessing that
says immediately after: "There is $31,000,000 on which I can't collect taxes. They're
on the assessment roll, though, thanks to W. Podge."
He forgot to count in the more than nine millions to which the District At
torney is in duty bound to call his attention. Take these millions off the roll, and
where is Dodge?
It is now the duty of the District Attorney to find out. Under the law he
should file suit immediately against the goody-goody Assessor and compel him
to give an account of his stewardship of nine millions that strayed while Dr.
Dodge was diving Into the pockets of the citizens for his poll-tax perquisite. It
is up to the District Attorney.
CHANGES IN
THE DEWEY
PROGRAMME
Over 32,000 Will Be
in Line.
Grand Army Men Are
Offended and Decide
Not to Parade.
Sr>eclal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Determined and
concerted action by the members of the
land parade and the reception commit
tees, backed up by protests from every
quarter, resulted in steps being taken to
eliminate the breakfast to Admiral Dewey
at Claremont from Saturday's pro
gramme and to rearrange the schedule of
events for that day so that the land
parade can start from One Hundred and
Twenty-second street and Riverside Drive
not later than 11 o'clock In the morning.
A letter was received from General
Miles asking New York to keep Admiral
Dewey as its guest until noon of October
2. when the Washington committee will
take charge of him. General Roe will
probably command the land parade, and
after him will follow Admiral Dewey, eß
| corted by £roop B of Brooklyn. Tho ad
PEICE FINTE CENTS.
miral will ride with Mayor Van Wyck In
an open carriage drawn by four bay
horses.. Behind him will come Sousa and
his band of one hundred pieces and offi
cers, sailors and marines from the Olym
pia. The officers and men from the squad
ron will follow and behind them will
march the men of the regular army.
Governor Roosevelt will be at the head
of the National Guard of New York. Gov
ernors of other States who come here
with troops are to ride at the head of
their men. Governors who come alone
will be in carriag-es in line. Vermont, aa
the admiral's home State, will have the
piace of honor. Other States will follow
i in the order of their admission tv the
Union.
Those States that have so far signified
their intention of sending troops are: New
Jersey. Maryland, Pennsylvania. Ohio,
Connecticut. Georgia, Texas, Florida,
South Carolina. New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, Missouri and Mississippi. Alto
gether General Roe estimates now that
there will be 32,000 men in line. By start
ing at 11 o'clock in the morning the head
of the column ought to reach Dcwey arch
at Twenty-third street an<l Fifth avenue
at 1 o"clock in the afternoon. The last
man in the line should reach Washington
Square before 7 o"clock at night.
Everybody want? to witness the recep
tion to Admiral Dewey. Hotels will be
put to tremendous strain. Housing the vis
iting public is becoming a serious ques
tion. In more than two-thin!* of the ho
tels in the borough of Manhattan all the
accommodations have already been en
gaged for tbe week commencing Satur
day next. Many will not occupy their
rooms until the commencement of next
week, but in order to be sure of having
a place to sleep they have, in some in
stances, been compelled to pay for at
least one week in advance. As one in
stance of the rush of applications for
rooms it may be said that many hotels
have been compelled to refuse each day
from a hundred to two hundred appli
cations for rooms. In nearly all of the
hotels cots will be put up in the hails and
other places for the use of many who it is
expected will be glad of an opportunity
to avail themselves of even such poor
acommodations.
In the matter of supplying food to vl«
--iting thousands the outlook is much more
favorable. The many restaurants of New2
WOODLAND MAN WEDS
A NORTHERN BRIDE
E. B. Hayward of the Democrat UQited to Miss
Mabel Black of Fergus,
Canada.
FERGUS, Canada, Sept. 20.— B. Hay ward, business manager of the
Democrat of Woodland, Cal., and Miss Mabel K. Black of this city,
were married at noon to-day at the residence of the mother of the
bride, Mrs. Helen Black. The wedding was private and the ceremony
was witnessed by none but relatives and very intimate friends of the
bride.
Mr. and Mrs. Hayward left this afternoon for their honeymoon trip. After
a brief stay in Toronto they will make a trip down the St. Lawrence,
through Thousand Islands, over by way of the falls and to Niagara.' They
will also take a trip over the Great Lakes, after which they will leave for
California.
York make the problem of feeding the
throng a much simpler one than that pro
viding them with places : Hun
arding-houses In Greater New
. will also take care of the visitors.
"We have not a mom of any kind left
for rent." was the statement at a prom
inent hotel to-dey. "There baa never
been a day during the pres-nt week when
we have not been obliged to refuse from
175 to -'"" persona who sought accommo
dations."
One suite at Fifth avenue and Fifty
ninth street, the corner of a hotel and
( ommanding a vi.-w w. st on Fifty-ninth
street and a complete view of the plaza.
wh>-r.- the procession turns to go down
Fifth avenue, has been rented for $7'» i
day.
Unless the plans of General Charles F.
Roe. chairman of the land parade com
miti t the Dewey celebration, are
changed, the G. A. R. organization wiU
hot be represented in the parade. Joseph
\V Kay, department commander of the.
New V^rk Grand Army of the Republic,
t -daj sent a letter to General Roe declin
ing the Invitation for a number of reasons
[n brief that the G. A. R. forces
■ ■ plat • ! at the end of the pro
:. Instead of the head of the column:
that General Roe has taken no cognizance
of Commander-Jn-Chief Albert D. Shaw
and has sent him no invitation to any of
the functions. The Invitations for the G.
A R. organisations to participate m the
parade have been extended second-hand
through Colonel H. U. Adams and that
ral • ». O. Howard has been placed in
tnand of the G. A. R. forces on the
•■ the parade, contrary to the regu
lations of that organization.
,>, cision ' the Invitation
was reached at a meeting held this after
mander-in-chief Shaw, i >■
■ ■ Kay, Past 1 >epartment
nander Atkinson and Colonel J. A.
en chairman of the memorial com
mitt< ■ ■ \- H.. being present. This
: . has been contemplated for some
time, and the entire matter has been
■ ire General Roe. who refused
ler his plans, Commander-in
chief Shaw Insisted that the G. A. R.
Ization should have the head of the
md Bhould be under com
mand of its own officers. !!•• pointed out
that General Howard, who had been des
ignated to command the fores, baa no
:i oui the posts and that
they could not respond to his call, even
if they so willed.
Th( • of the G. A. K. consulted
with Mayoi Van Wyck recently, and he
a] of the change they
tnded. They referred the matter also
ii i\ ernor !: received a
am from the Governor stating; that
) was in favor of the change and thnt it
should be made, as it would be one of the
■;< Birable testimonials of th^ feeling
■d Admiral Dewey, a member of the
G v. if.. If he were •■-■■ rted by a guard
of honor composed of his comrades.
( hie! among I given by Gen
ii his final refusal to alter the
ed to the Grand Army waa
i hat the parade would be In everj
a military one, and thai according to reg
ulations such an unarmed body of men as
nnot march before a body
<;' men bearing arms. The <i. A. R. offi
claim that the parade is
In no sense a military one. but a city one.
MAY NOT BE PUT ON
CIVIL SERVICE ROLLS
Large Force of Federal Employes
Affected by a Decision of the
Attorney General.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.-The-Attor
ney General has given an opinion to the
Htate Department vr)<Jch la of j:re;it in
terest to the large army of department
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
aJkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
Ail *ortB of stores sell it, especially drugglsU;
all sorts of people use it.
[ employes in this city on what is known
cus the temporary roll. The officials of the
, State Department decline to permit the
I publication of the opinion, but from
Other sources it is ascertained that the
. Attorney General holds broadly that tue
amendment to rule 8 of the civil service
rubs, recently made by President McKin
ley. applies only to those persons hold
; Ing temporary appointment in the Gov
! ernment service ai Washington who were
i certified to by the Civil Service Commis
sion for such temporary appointment.
The effect of this opinion Is to com
pletely shut out from the possibilities of
transfer to the permanent rolls of the dp
pa rtrr.^nr nil persons holding temporary
appointments not certified to by the Civil
Service Commission. Nearly all the per
sons on the temporary roll of the War
1 and Treasury departments come within
this prohibitory category for the reason
that they were appointed by the heads of
: the respective departments during- the
PRESIDENT ANDRADE
PREPARES TO ESCAPE
Ready to Flee From Venezuela if the In
surgents Defeat Him in the
Coming Battle.
Inner Court of the Capitol, Caracas, Venezuela.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Kept.
20. — General Clpriano Castro, lead
er of the Venezuelan revolution,
holds possession of the city of
Valencia. He has been enter
tained at a banquet by the leading
Valencia citizens.
It is reported that President And
rade meditates an attempt to escape
from the country. It is said he has a
yacht waiting: for him at La Guayra.
The filibustering schooner, Josefita,
which left here with a load of arms,
taking on board refugees outside of the
harbor, arrived off Guaira, Venezuela,
communicated with the .revolutionists,
and later landed its supplies of war ma
terial.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— Although
Informed to-day by Commander J. N.
Hemphill. commanding the Detroit, of
the gravity of the situation in Vene
zuela, there is no intention on the part
of the authorities of sending another
man-of-war to Venezuelan waters. This
Is Commander HemphiU's dispatch:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
EARTHQUAKES OVERTURN
MOUNTAINS IN ALASKA
Intermittent Shocks Felt for a
Week Between Bituya Bay
and Yakutat.
By HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Sept. 14, via Seat
tle, Wash., Sept. 20.— The Alaska Com
mercial Company's steamer, Dora, Cap
tain Johansen, arrived from the west
ward last night with news of an exten
sive and terrible earthquake extending
from Bituya Bay, 150 miles below Ya
kutat, 500 miles northwest into the
Cook Inlet country. It was the great
est phenomenon witnessed in Alaska
since a similar occurrence in the early
days of the Russian traders.
After a short period of darkness the
earth literally sank down into the sea
and new islands and peninsulas rose up
like huge leviathans showing their
backs above the surface. Mountains
were shaken down and their tops slid
into the ocean. The whole was ac
companied by several tidal waves, one
of them fifteen feet high. The shocks
occurred every day for a week, from
Sunday, the 3d inst., to Sunday, the
10th inst., and were felt last Sunday
at Juneau.
Three very hard shocks were felt
here. One early in the morning and
another about 2 o'clock in the after
noon and the third about 5 o'clock in
the afternoon. Buildings were badly
shaken and people ran out into the
streets in their fright. There were
minor tremblings all day long. The
large buildings, such as the Occidental
Hotel, Stannis Hospital and the
churches, shook and rattled like a crazy
ship in a gale. Xo damage to property
was done here or elsewhere. The moun
tains are all in place around Jttceau.
The shocks here continued steadily
from thirty seconds to two minutes. A
gale was blowing at the time. The
eurthquake seemed to be traveling
south and taking plenty of time to
shake up the country as it passed
along.
The most severe shocks were- folt at
Yakutat and Kayak. At Yakutat there
is a large Indian village and several
traders' stores. It is headquarter? tor
minors prospecting in that section of
Alaska and up the Alsek River. Around i
the point of Ocean Cape, at the en- I
trance t" Yakutat Bay, is an island i
named Kanak. This island sank twen- '
ty feet into the sea. At hi.erh tide only
the tops of the trees are visible. Huge
Spanish war without certifications from
the Civil Service Commission.
AMERICAN TURF CONGRESS.
Opening Session of the Sixteenth
Annual Convention Held.
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— Representatives of
different tracks and racing associations
of the country, members of the Ameri
can Turf «'ongress. met this afternoon for
the opening session of the sixteenth
annual convention. The delegates say
that there are no grievances of special
importance to be discussed, but that
many minor details and revision of rules
will take up the time of the meeting.
17. S. 8. Detroit, La Guyara. Venezuela,
Sept. 20.— Secretary of the Navy. Wash
ington: About 4000 men (Insurgents') now
practically In the vicinity of Valencia; re
cently occupied Puerto Cabello unnp
noaea; Inter evacuated position. The
Venezuelan forces took possession * • •
principal American interests Red D line.
Red D line's steamer leaves to-day from
Lh Guyara for Puerto Cabello. Fear pos
sible injury in the event of fight • • *
\Vith the advice, of American Charge
d'Affaires. I shall proceed at once to
Puerto Cabello. Venezuela, to protect
American interests. I shall return * • •
I have arranged to keep in communica
tion with Minister. HEMPHILL.
It is evident from the foregoing dis
patch that General Castro has a for
midable army to attack President An
drade's troops. His action in' evacuat
ing Puerto Cabello after occupying it
and permitting the Venezuelan troops
to take possession is rather puzzling to
the officials in view of the fact that the
port Is quite valuable, both as a ba^se
and as a port through which arms and
ammunition can be obtained. It is pos
sible that Castro thinks it necessary
fissures opened in the earth of the
mainland and steam is said to have
poured forth. Some of these fissures
were three feet across. Captain Johan
sen says that in two minutes the ocean
rose twenty feet above high tide mark
and almost as quickly subsided.
The natives took to the high ground
in terror, and fell on their knees be
seeching the great Father to save them
and their village. This high water
caught up all manner of drift wood,
logs, canoes, etc., and these raced back
and forth and across the bay carried by
strong currents which swept in every
direction. When the Dora arrived at
Yakutat a few days ago on the return
trip the Indians had deserted their
houses near the beach, and were living
in tents on the high ground. They were
still in great alarm.
At least thirty Yakutat Indians
are now in Juneau. having deserted
their homes and all their property fn
seeking safety in flight.
A good story is told on the two Swed
ish missionaries at Yakutat, Rev. Mr.
Johnson and Rev. Mr. Hendrickson. They
wanted to leave, but the Indians would
not let them go. The natives told them
that the Maker of heaven and earth
had his back up and was angry, and
they wanted them to stay and
■'Sknokum Wah Wah," which means
big pray, to pacify the "Almighty. And
they had to stay.
' Dr. C. W. Chamberlain of Tacoma, a
dentist, who has been copper mining in
the Prince William Sound country, was
a passenger on the Dora. He says that
at Kayak, about 175 miles west of Yak
utat, the shocks were so severe that
the tops of several mountains rolled
and tumbled into the ocean at their
base. This is a sandstone range and
great clouds of dust were raised by the
detachment and the slide. The Dora in
running along her usual course be
tween Yakutat and Bituya, where
there has been heretofore fifty fathoms
of water, stirred up the mud with her
wheel. It was reported that her keel
found the bottom, but Captain Johan
sen denies this. He says that the stuff
the Dora stirred up was as thick as
cream gravy, while the water on the
surface had the usual clear appearance.
Captain Johansen says he feels certain
there had been'a violent disturbance of
some kind beneath the ocean there.
After an executive meeting lasting
nearly four hour? to-night, the congress
gave out a number of decisions.
The Lakeside Jockey Club at Ruby,
Indiana, was refused admittance to the
Congress. The Western Turf Associa
tion, a new racing track at Tanfaren
Park, San Mateo County, Cal., was
elected to membership in the Congress.
Licenses for jockeys were increased from
$15 to $25.
-*.
Timber Destroyed.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept 20.— A forest fire
is rag-Ing near Lcitiii Prieta. Considera
ble cordwood has been destroyed. The
fire is now believed to be undar control.
that he should have all the troops he
can gather to give final battle to Presi
dent Andrade's command. This con
flict is expected to occur at any moment.
Commander Hemphill did not ask for
a warship, it is stated, and none will
be sent, it being believed that the De
troit will be sufficient to fully protect
American interests. Should the insur
gents succeed in overturning the Gov
ernment the authorities have no fear
that the change will effect the award of
arbitrators in the British- Venezuelan
boundary dispute.
No matter what the governing power
may be, such power will be required to
enforce the award, probably by the
United States, which is certainly inter
ested in the settlement of the dispute.
The decision of the arbitration tribunal
is expected to occur within the next ten
days, as Lord Russell, head of the
British delegation, is expected to wit
ness the New York yacht races, and
Chief Justice Fuller will be in Wash
ington In time to open the fall term of
the Supreme Court on October 10.
ERNEST W. MICHAELIS
WEDS MISS CARRIE LEESE
• «
Pretty Ceremony at the Home of th>e Bride's
Parents in Monterey.
MR. AND MRS. ERNEST W. MICHAELIS.
MONTEREY, Sept. 20.— A home -wedding took place in this city this
morning, which, though very quiet, was one of the most noted af
fairs of the kind that has ever occurred hereabouts. Miss Carrie
Leese, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Leese of this city, and
grandniece of that famous old Californian, General M. G. Vallejo,
was married to Ernest W. Michaelis of San Francisco, in the presence of
only the families of the bride and bridegroom. The ceremony took place at
10 o'clock. The house was elaborately decorated and a wedding breakfast
followed the ceremony.
The bride, who is a petite brunette of the pure Spanish type, looked
very lovely in' her white bridal gown. Mi.«=s Charlotte Michaelis, sister of the
bridegroom, attended the bride and E. Richard Leese acted as best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Michaelis took the noon train for San Francisco, where they
will reside.
The bridegroom is a member of the printing firm of Michaelis Bros, of
San Francisco and a son of Judge E. Michaelis, formerly of Monterey. He
was born in Monterey and lived here until about two years ago.
BOTH BRITONS AND
BOERS CONTINUE THE
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR
Continued from First Pace.
"cannot claim general sovereignty in the
Transvaal when she has only partial
suzerainty, and President Kruger can
not claim for the Transvaal the posi
tion of an international sovereign state.
Both sides, therefore, have made alle
gations which cannot be maintained
by either."
Sir William declared that there was
no casus belli, and expressed the hope
that a shameful catastrophe might be
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "President Knwrer
has cabled a strong personal appeal to
the Queen beseeching her to intervene
to prevent bloodshed It is about a
column in length and is intended to
scarify the consciences of the unco
quid' when published. Sir Alfred -Mil
ner has written a courteous message to
President Steyn, assuring him that the
northward march of the British troops
is not meant as a menace to the Orange
Free State, and requesting to be in
formed regarding the latter s attitude
Reliable information has been received
here that a large command of Free
State burghers has been- concentrated
near Boshof. on the Kimberley border.
Two hundred burghers were dispatched
i to that point from Bloemfontein during
the past week. If the Free State joins
the Transvaal the first battle is likely
to be fought at Boshof. The Cape Cab
inet has determined to prolong the ses
sion of the Assembly indefinitely so
that it may be sitting when hostilities
tx?crin "
According to the Cape Town corre
spondent of the Daily News. President
Kruger, in his personal appeal to her
Majesty, addresses the monarch as
"Dear Queen." *=
The Johannesburg correspondent of
the Morning Post says: "The Boer
preparations are as complete as the
Government can hope to make them.
It is believed that martial law will be
"proclaimed on Thursday if no reply has
been received from England by that
time It is understood that the dis
patching of British troops to South Af
rica will be regarded as a casus belli.
The Boer officers are urging the Gov
ernment to begin hostilities forthwith.
It is felt that the Orange Free State
can be best forced to action by a suc
cessful military demonstration on the
I part of the Transvaal."
1 A special dispatch from Rome says
the Italian Government, in reply to
President Kruger's request for inter
i vention, has advised him to yield.
SUIT TO CLOSE THE
PANAMA SLOUGH
Long Ago Declared a Nuisance at a
Meeting of the Bakersfield
Trustees.
BAKTCRSFTEI/D. Sept. 20.-Ye»terday
the Supervisors in special session directed
ihe District Attorney to bring suit in the
name of the people of California to
abate the Panama slouch, that meanders
for over two miles through the heart of
the city. A short time ago the City Trus
tees declared the slough a menace to
health, and therefore a nuisance. The
suit Is to be brought under the act of 1893.
U promises to be difficult to ascertain
who to bring action against.
The slough was at one time the bed of
a fork of tV Kern River. Years ago the
river changed Up course, and ever since
the slough has carried enough water to
cause It to be full of slush and putrefying
matter. Sometimes it is used to run irri
gat on water through, which water is
claimed by Miller & Lux. It is known
th-U he Kern County Land Company
wants it filled up. and Henry Miller w«-nts
It kent open. Complicated litigation is
liable to arise from the action to abate it.
WARDEN AULL RE-ELECTED.
A General Cut in Salaries at the Fol
som Prison.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 20.-The State
Prison Directors at Folsom to-day re
elected Captain C. Aull "Warden of the
prison for the ensuing four years. They
also decided to call for plans and bids
for the 115.000 sewage disposal plant. The
successful bidder will bo required to give
a bond to guarantee the successful ope
ration of hin plan. Prison labor will be
supplied on the work.
Owing to the Legislature having cut
down the salary appropriation, it was
found necessary to scale down the entire
list. The application of Convict Thomas
Reed of Nevada County for a parole was
postponed for future action.
Seeking His Children.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 20.-F. W. Neid
lein, an employe of the Southern Pacific
Company at Sacramento, came here to
day in search of his three children, who,
he alleges, were spirited away by his
wife. His two boys were located at St.
Vincent's Orphanage, where a mix-up oc
curred, so the husband says, between
himself and his wife, who happened on
the scene as the boys were about to be
taken.
Neidlein says his 13-year-old daughter
is now In San Jose, and as soon as he
finds her he will take the three children
home. The husband is now suing the
wife for divorce and ask? to be appointed
legal guardian of the children.
TRACE OF ANDREE
FOUND IN THE NORTH
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Sept. 20.— The {
Afterbladet to-day received a telegram
from the master of the Norwegian cutter ]
Martha Larszak saying that he had found "i
September 9, on the north coast of King
Charles Island, an anchor and a buoy
marked "Andree Polar Expedition."
Edward Morrison Dead.
WOODLAND, Sept. 20.— Edward Alonzo
Morrison, a native of Vermont and 63
years of age, died suddenly of rupture of
the heart at his residence in this city this
morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men who are suffering with a | X
contracted ailment or a weak- \ n
ness which is sapping the very n
- life from all parts of their bod- H
ies, and want a permanent cure H
at a reasonable price should call m
on or write DR. MEYERS & H
CO.. 731 Market street. H
Natural ability, long years of Mi
practice in the cure of all all- H
FREE TO PATIENTS I
All Remedies and Appliances. I
j ments of men, never-falling] If
remedies, appliances and meth- Bods.
' ods. ample capital and earnest M
1 endeavor have kept ■ these | H
skilled physicians in the front H
rank of specialists since ISSI. ||
DR. MEYERS & CO. conduct B
the largest and best equipped ||
medical institution and have M
, the most extensive practice in j M
NO PAY REQUIRED I
Till Cure Is Effected. |
the world. They avoid the use I P
of all mineral, poisonous or dan- j ■
gerous drugs and electric belts. B
All their remedies are carefully j H
compounded from the extracts j H
of buds, barks, berries, gums, j n
roots, leaves, plants, etc.. in | M
fhelr private laboratory, with- ■•
out cost tovthelr patients. La
Although It is preferable to i M
ST MEYERS & CO. I
731 Market St., San Francisco. I
' see the patients In many In- ] B
stances, it is not always neces- i S
! sary. If you cannot call, write | ||
i for private book, ; diagnosis ! H
sheets, free advice, prices and H
other particulars. Correspond- gy
ence solicited. All letters confi- H
dential. No printing on en- B
velopes or packages to indicate j M
name of sender. Cures sent by B
I either mail or express.- Mr
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. Bonn Bto 5 Daily, H
7to 8 Eveniogf, Daily. Sundays, 9t« 11. >
►©-♦■O-»-O-*- O ♦O ■•• O ■♦■ O-fOVO'fO'fO'fO-*!
y «^ ' ■ 4
* ' ~_ *
I I Natural Mineral Water ♦
y ffeßa known for centuries and 4
L arsS^ imported q
* '■■''JSBoL ° NLY BOTTLES " O
> /I^^m For Disordered Stomaoh ♦
y MMK&SgM ' and Indigestion. °
I 4 Natural Mineral Water ♦
known for centuries and ♦
Imported o
ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
For Disordered Stomaoh *
and Indigestion. ?
Its value has been testi- o
\ faySsayiaj fied to by thousands. 4
i I So-called Vichy in Sy. 9
\ ,EJ||pJ IS NOT VICHY. I
> W Get the Genuine.
I Tour physician 0
will recommend It. t
y A. VIONIER, Distributing Agent J
ADVERTISEMENT S.
NO
MORE
UNION-
CONSOLIDATED
STOCK
At Any
Price!
The developments in the
affairs of this company during
the last forty-eight hours have
decided the Board of Directors
to withdraw our stock lrom the
market. Our expert has Just re-
turned - from the inspection of
oil properties, which have been
found so valuable that, when
added to the present holdings of
this company, will more than
double the value of our stock.
We can now guarantee to be
selling oil in the San Francisco
market inside of ninety days.
PERMANENTLY
WITHDRAWN,
" The first idea was to imme-
diately withdraw the shares
without notice, but it was fin-
ally decided, in justice to those
who have been in communica-
tion with us, to set Saturday,
September 23d, midnight, as the
time of withdrawal. Applica-
tions received up to that time
will be filled, at $5 per share.
After that time positively not
one share of the Union-Consoli-
dated Oil and Transportation
Company's stock will be again
•j offered to the public at any price.
Union-Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
460 TENTH STREET.
OFFICES OPEN EVENINGS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
amerTcaTfire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NSW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
IS9S and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up , I(I|%AAA . A
in Cash 1400,000 00
ASSETS.
• Real Estate owned by Company .... . ' rAA
■ Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
! Bonds owned by Company 973,712 00
i Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 85,000 CO
Cash in Company's Office 841 RS
Cash In Banks 46,652 24
j Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,499 S3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 4!
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 140,199 07
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued "•'•
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 270 29
Total Assets ..._ $1.245. 75S 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $25,350 27
' Losses In process of Adjustment or
■ in Suspense M 'i 2S Si
' Losses resisted, Including expenses. 4,»58 0-
: Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
'■ ning one year or less, $469,471 27;
re-Insurance 50 per cent 234.735 W
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
! ning more than one year, $250,-
I 580 72; re-Insurance pro rat* 146,415 2S
j Gross premiums on Marine and In-
! land Navigation Risks, $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent ...:
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; re-insurance 60
per cent '....'
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30.753 57
. Total Liabilities ~ $477.030 32
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire «
premiums $059,981 51
Net Cash actually reoelved for Ma-
; rine premiums ..:...' .■
j Received for Interest on Bonds and |
Mortgages " 725 00
• Received for Interest and. dividends
j on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from 
1 all other sources 88.72S 11
Received from all other sources..:. 126 16
Total Income ...~....~....~. $629.560 78
EXPENDITURES. - V :
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $30,006 50 losses or pre- "
vious years).... '.....,. $330,93« 03
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ,
(Including $ , losses of *.
previous years) .'....
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 128,: «3
Paid for Salaries, Fees, .and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 58,111 .4
Paid for State, National and • local
taxes 19,955 69
All other payments and expenditures 40.10J 18
- Total Expenditures ............... ETC 831 35
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year- 3:>2.j77J3
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ...,«/.«
year $136,355,995 $833,500 57
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ' „_,,..
year 121.926,167 835.674 43
Net amount In force '■' M
December 31. 1598.... 105,402.434 1 TgMtoljg
~~~~ GEO. S. A. YOUNG. President.
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Stn
day of February. 1599. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
323 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI* \CALIFORNIA'S NATIONAL REPRESENTATIVES INSIST THAT
TELEGRAPH AND EXPRESS COMPANIES PAY THEIR TAXES
9 vr v-K-5-H-K-r * 4- * + -H-H-h-H-H- * «H«H-i-H"K-©
4- DEFIANT CORPORATIONS. %
•• K-2-H-K-H* *>:-M-M"M-K- * * + v ■l-H-M-H-M-H*
ONE of the most important matters of national legislation which will be submitted to the consideration of Congress at its next session is a revision of the war tariff, which, through certain inequalities and injustices, has been made
a question of immediate necessity The war tariff, as it is now fixed, has worked a serious injustice upon most of the people of the country. Gross discrimination has been shown in favor of the express and telegraph compa
nies which have been permitted through inadvertence, to escape their just share of taxation. In order to remedy this evil and to establish a more equitable distribution of tax burdens, Congress intends at its next session to
amend the war tariff law and force the shirkers to do what they refuse to do willingly-pay their just taxes in proportion to the value of their holdings and the volume of their business.
The matter is of such -eneral importance that The Call has sent to each member of the California Congressional delegation a letter of inquiry designed to learn from each his opinions on the proposed amendment to the law.
The answers to these inquiries are of vital public interest. Without exception they show that the national legislators, who represent this State, believe that the express companies and the telegraph companies are evading their obliga
tions and are escaping taxation which they should endure. , , , . -iijtj^
When the war revenue law was adopted by Congress there was of necessity considerable haste in the proceedings. The Government needed money, and the bill providing for increased revenues was quickly drafted and
adopted It was natural therefore 'that there should' be certain ambiguities of expression, and some oversights in the bill. The national legislators who adopted the law are frank to admit these facts and to acknowledge with regret that
the express companies and the telegraph companies have taken advantage of the Government's necessity to place upon the shoulders of people, already heavily burdened, new obligations.
These corporations have refused persistently to pay the tax which the National Government decided they should pay. They have forced their patrons to pay the tax and where the injustice was resented the companies have de
clined to accept either messages or packages. In this they have made themselves liable to the forfeiture of their franchises as common carriers, but they have risked the liability and defied the National Government.
This defiance has meant to them a tremendous profit. They have been made defendants in courts from the lowest to the highest jurisdiction and invariably they have been beaten, defeated by decisions which declared that they
and not the business men who are their patrons should pay the tax. On this coast the chief offender and the one most impudent in its operations has been Wells, Fargo & Co. This corporation, in its contempt of the spirit and the mean
in- of the law has outdone perhaps even' other powerful offender in the country. It is natural, therefore, that the representatives of California in the National Legislature should consider the problem of equitable taxation a vital one.
In it, letter to the members of the California Congressional delegation The Call calls attention particularly to the necessity of a revision of the war revenue law and the purposeof the national legislature to make the revision. Refer
ence is made to the persistent violations of the law by Wells. Fargo & Co. and other corporations, and the opinions of each Congressman and United States Senator on the subject are requested.
The answers to these letters are given in what follows. In every instance the reply shows that the Congressional representatives of California are unanimous in their opinion that the telegraph and express companies, and not
their patrons should bear the tax. Every representative of California in Congress believes that the war revenue law should be revised to remedy the evil, and each pledges himself to vote for and agitate such a revision. All are emphatic
in declaring that the tax burden should be borne by the companies and not by business men or private individuals. Those who are familiar with the details of the legislation which resulted in the adoption of the war revenue law insist that
the law intended to tax such corporations as express and telegraph companies, and that the refusal to pay the tax is based solely upon a technicality.
KAHN THINKS COMPANIES
SHOULD SHARE THE TAX
BAN FRANCISCO, CaL. Sept. 4, 1899.
Editor Ban Francisco Call, City l-a
'-iir; I have the honr
to acKnowienge me
receipt of yours of the
Ist Inst. relative to
a revision of the war
revenue law. I am
satisfied that It was
the Intention of Con
gress that the large
corporations of this
country should bear
their share of the
taxation necessary
for the proper con
duct of the war. It
seems to me unjust
and unfair that the
entire burden of the
tax should fall upon
tne Dusineps man and thp private individ
ual, while the large corporations should
• the tax altogether. I will there
e in favor of such amendments aa
will cause a just share of the tax to be
paid by the express and telegraph com
naiiies. Very resoectfullv yours.
Fourth Congressional District.
♦
NEEDHAM DECLARES FOR
AMENDING THE LAW
M'H'F.STO. Cal., Sept. 5, 1*99.
Editor .San Francisoo Call, San Fran-
iisco— Dear Sir: In
nswer to your in
ulry of recent date
skinp it" in the i ■■:■!- ,
on of the war. reve-;
ue law I will favor :
n amendment de
igned to compel ex
ress companies tO
ay the war tax on
receipts Issued to
Bhlppers and the tele
graph companies to
ay the war tax on
11 messages irnns
littcd over their
lines you are advised
ihat I will certainly
favor such amend
ment. Yours very tru
Seventh Congressional District.
WEARSAHGT'S TRIAL TRIP
Vessel in Fine Shape and the Bun
Will Take Place Monday.
NEW FORK Sept. 2a— The battleship
Kearsarge will leave the Brooklyn Navy
yard to-morrow morning for Boston. The
vessel will be tak< out of the Irydock to
day nd is now in first-class trim for hei
official trial, which will take place over
the Cape Ann course on Monday. Oi:
Friday or Saturday a private test of the
ship's powers will be made over tit
course by her builders. She will then be
taken back to Boston, where she will take
on the Government board of inspection
. . • ■ :ll
<^&&$ FAinJ
f- - p PAINS
I M THE
H^ tit All
>rj IhH When occurring at ir-
I^BBSKEKSA regular internals, and
HbHMMWTmIwF that nro dull it throb-
MBfrOPHMSfIpCy b:ne in character (rep-
!> : f>-r.t<'<i hy fiX- 1).
M *9v9Et^F when associated with
%-4 I-^^* 1 sallow complexion
»S» r*&&ra!F&i (fig. 2).' coated tonKue
'j^ nnd offensive breath
W^^^j^t (flu. 4>. palpitation of
hf-art ifl*,-. B). dlsor-
V^-vji" '^. ? Ci. I"hs of appetite.
W^yCT^^V- dizzy spells, pain In
'■'''IsHKB^H stomach, nausea, tired
i?HlWr(tffe^fßHß[ ami wornout feeling,
y lniln-at--- that ynur
j£te*i*ifid'?'rS3H& ■• is a; fault
IirUYAN promptly
JB^BBBBBWCM correct* a sluggish or
Kdßfll^H trri 1 liver Hi*i>
fIiBSraSWB^SR VAN r-i (••. ,-s one tun!
UWTWmutmtM all the above symp-
WA BRWMIBB tl>ms ' ! '" r HUDYAN
arouses the liver from
t+>Btj£o^&WssfZ | its -"i ll * of inaction.
Kk%." m.'UYAX i ures—
i-'i^k - o r » n '' permanently.
H^B Chronic liver trouble
sj^l^^l Is serious, for it in-
St'Sßjßz-. iluros dangerous cora-
jfg^^^ ■ raions. "Take
r HIM 'VAN" —It will
* will cure you. .
HUDYAN euros costiveness, headaches, dizzy
ppells. and all other distressful conditions
brought about by liver trouble. HI I'iAN Is
pleasant to take, arts naturally yet effectively,
and Is readily tolerated by the weakest of
stomachs. HUDYAN creates a clear, rosy-
complexion, a splendid appetite, a .glow of
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— 6oc a
package or six packages for $2 50. - IT ._ VA>J
If your drußßist does not keep HLDYAN.
■end direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY. CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis St 3.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Consult the HUDYAN Doctors
About Your Case, Fre« of Charge.
Call or Write.
PERKINS WILL VO TE
FOR AN AMENDMENT
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 20. 1899.
Editor the San Francisco Call. Si
Francisco, Cal.— My
Dear Sir: Acknowl
edging receipt of your
favor of recent date,
in which you make
inquiry- if I will, at
the coming session of
• 'ontrress, favor a
measure compelling
express companies to
pay a war revenue
tax on receipts issued
by express companies
to shippers, and tele
graph companies up
on messages trans
mitted over their
line?, and in reply I
beg to say I know It was the Intention of V
the Finance Committee of the Senate that A
had the war revenue bill hefore them for y
consideration, as well as the intention .if A
the Senate when the hill whs passed, that
the law should apply t<> . icpresa and tele- \
graph companies as well as railroad. ' y
steamship and other transportation com- \
pani.s giving receipts and bills of lading. ! y
Therefore If there is any ambiguity in the \
language of the law which exempts ex- [)
press and telegraph companies from pay- \
Ing their taxes I shall consider it my duty 0
to vote for such an amendment as will k
remedy the defect. I remain, truly yours, [)
Pnlted States Senator. | y
GOVERNORS AND ATTORNEYS-GENERAL
MEET TO DISCUSS THE TRUST PROBLEM
Conference Called by Sayers of Texas the Occasion of Much Speechmak;ing. in
Which There Are Tilts Between Men of Opposing Political Beliefs.
ST. LOFTS, Sept 20.— The Gover
now of Arkansas, Tennessee.
Michigan. Missouri. Colorado and
lowa — most of them accompanied
by their Attorneys General— and
the Attorneys General and other rep
resentatives of Montana, Indiana. Mis
sissippi and Washington, responded to
the invitation of Governor J. D. Savers
of Texas to meet in conference for the
purpose of discussing the trust aues- •
tion and assembled to-day at the Plant- I
ers' Hotel, where three sessions were
held. The conference will be concluded
to-morrow morning, when the commit
tee on resolutions will be ready to re- J
port.
Governor Savers was present with
his Attorney General and was chosen
permanent chairman of the conference.
Most of the day was spent in speech
making, and almost every one of those
present was afforded an opportunity to
nir his views on the question under dis
cussion. There were several tilts be
DREYFUS IS
RELEASED
FROM JAIL
Declares That Liberty Is
Nothing to Him With
out Honor.
Special Dlst>atoh to The Call.
PARIS, Sept. 20.— The Aurore
will to-morrow publish the fol
lowing declaration from former
Captain Dreyfus:
The government of the repub
lic has given me my liberty. But
liberty is nothing to me without
honof. From to-day I shall con
tinue to sefk reparation for the
frightful Judicial error of which
I remain trie victim. I wish
France to know by a definite
Judgment that I am innocent. My
heart will only be at rest when
there remains not a Mingle French
man who imputes to me the abom
niable crime perpetrated by an
other. ALFRED DREYFUS.
RENNES, France, Sept. 20!— Captain
Alfred Dreyfus at 3 o'clock this morn
ing left the prison here in which he
had been confined since his return from
Devils Island and proceeded to Vern,
where he took a train bound for Nantes.
His departure was completely un
noticed. If. Vigruer, the chief of the
secret service, and M. Dureault arrived
at the prison after midnight, bringing
the Minister of War's order for the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER gl. 1899.
THE LETTER ADDRESSED BY THE CALL TO
CALIFORNIA'S CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION
DEAR SIR: There seems to be a consensus of opinion that one of the first things to which
Congress wUI direct its energies after convening will be the revision of the war revenue /ate. In
the haste of the preparation of the act to meet the needs of the nation ambiguities of language were
committed which defeated the intentions of Congress and gave the express and telegraph compa
nies a pretext for refusing to pay their just share of the War tax.
] Tells, Fargo & Co. has persistently refused to pay the war tax upon the receipts issued to
its customers, except to newspapers and a few favored shippers, as required by the act of Congress.
The telegraph companies have taken advantage of the defects in the act to shirk the payment of their
part of the tax and thereby force their patrons to bear the burden.
In the 'revision of the War Revenue Law, will you favor an amendment which ivill be de
signed to compel the express companies to pay the war tax on receipts issued to shippers and the
telegraph companies to pax the war tax on all messages transmitted over their lines?
The Call will be glad to receive and publish your views upon the subject. Yours truly,
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
tween speakers of opposite political
faith that gave spice to the proceed
ings.
At the morning session Governor
Stephens of Missouri delivered himself i
of a partisan fling at the Republican
national administration, criticizing its
expansion policy and declaring that
trusts and imperialism go hand in
hand.
Governor Shaw of lowa took ur> the
gauntlet thrown down by Stephens and
at the opening of the afternoon session j
answered him with a speech that j
brought smiles to the faces of most of j
those present.
In turn Governor Jones of Arkansas ;
put lowa's Chief Magistrate on the spit
and roasted him for using facetious
language at such a gathering. Attor- j
ney General Taylor of Indiana also ]
took occasion to rap the knuckles of i
Missouri's Governor.
There seemed to be a great difference '■
of opinion as to the best method of ,
lease of Dreyfus. The latter walked
from the prison to the Boulevard la
Ennp, where he entered a waiting car
riage and was driven to the Vein sta
tion, outside the town. Matthleu Drey
fus mot him at the train and accom
panied him to Nantes.
NANTES. Sept. 20.— Dreyfus arrived
here this morning from Rennes. aceom-
I panied by his brother, Matthieu Drey
i fus; the chief of the secret police. M.
! Viguer, and one policeman. The party
traveled as ordinary passengers. The
tniin reached the station at S:l7 a. m.
The Dreyfus brothers alighted on the
platform first, followed by M. Viguer,
who inquired if they could have a pri
vate room.
Inquiry was then made in rfßard to
the Bordeaux train, which they were
| informed left at B:SS a. m. AH four
then entered a first-class compartment,
I in which there were already other pas
! sengers. It was intended, by thus re
i fraining: from any attempt to secure
privacy, t<> avoid exciting: curiosity and
i this apparently succeeded.
BORDEAUX, France, Sept. 20.— The
Petite Gironde says that three travelers
arrived here to-day on the train from
Nantes, one of whom was recognized
as former Captain Dreyfus. They went
to a hotel, intimating their intention to
proceed by the Nice express.
LONDON, Sept 21.— The Times pub
: lishes the following dispatch from Lly
] erpool: A quantity of lugrgape has ar
| rived here from Havre and Folkestone
; addressed to Mine, Dreyfus, and rooms
have also been taken at a local hotel.
The lup-frape is marked for New York.
and it is supposed that Dreyfus is going
to America.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
i Telegraph says: Dreyfus is so ill that
Ihe can live only a few months. Th"
Government has promised to watch
over and protect him and has recom
mended that he live on the Riviera. It
is not unlikely that he will accept the
villa offered him during the trial by the
Prince of Monte Carlo.
PARIS, Sept. 20.— 0n his arrival at
the prison, M. Guerin, the president of
the Anti-Semitic League, after having
surrendered to the police this morning,
was subjected to a brief examination
for the purpose of establishing his iden
tity, the President of the High Court
being present.
The High Court to-day continued its
SAN FRANCISCO, September i, 1809.
remedying th<^ so-called trust evil.
Some of those present thought that the
State laws now in vogue were sufficient
to control the operations of the com- i
binations complained of, while others J
were of the opinion that uniform laws
should be enacted by the several States j
and by Congress. Some were for the j
complete annihilation of the trusts,
while others favored their regulation.
Governors Sayers and Pingree. in the
speeches delivered to-day, showed
themselves strongly in favor of the first j
idea, as was also Governor Jones of
Arkansas. Governors Thomas of Colo
rado and Shaw of lowa favored the en
actment of laws to restrict the com
bines. There was almost as much dif- j
ference of opinion among the Attorneys j
General who were heard. Governors
Shaw of lowa and Thomas of Colorado
and Attorney General Taylor of Indi
ana left for home to-nignt.
Governor Sayers read a somewhat '
lengthy address, setting forth his views |
secret examination of the documents in
the conspiracy cases.
DECREE GRANTING
PARDON TO DREYFUS
PARIS, Sept. 21.— The Journal Ofß
ciel to-day publishes the decree grant
ing pardon to Dreyfus. In a report
preceding the decree the Marquis de
Galfifet, Minister of War," points out
that Dreyfus has already undergone
five years' deportation, but that as the
law does not assimilate his deportation
with seven years' solitary confinement,
the prisoner would have to undergo ten
years' detention.
The Minister also calls attention to
the fact that the health of the prisoner
is seriously compromised and that he
would not be able, without great dan
ger, to undergo prolonged detention.
The report of the War Minister con
cludes thus:
"The Government will not have met
the wishes of the country, which de
sires pacification, if it does not hasten
to efface all traces of the painful con
flict. It belongs to you, M. le Presi
dente, by an act of lofty humanity, to
give the first pledge of the work of ap
peasement which opinion demands and
the good of the republic commands."
PASSFNGER TRAIN
DERAILED AT MILLBRAE
Traffic Dslayed for Several Hours, but
Fortunately No One Was
Injured.
MIT,T.BRAE, Sept. 20.— Passenger train
No. 12, duf in San Franrisco at 9
o'clock this morning, was derailed in the
yard here by a broken wheel under the
baggage oar.
The entire train of three passenger cars
left the rails, and the baggage car was
overturned, but fortunately nobody was
hurt. The passengers were transferred
to another train and arrived at their des
tination two hours late.
The train was in charge of Conductor
Engwieht and Engineer Alger, to whom
no lilume is attached. It Is considered
fortunate that the train was slowing
down when the wheel broke. All the pas
sengers were more or less shaken up and
momentarily scared, but they accented
their unavoidable delay good naturedly.
on the question of trusts, which was ]
frequently applauded. He said regard
ing his calling of the conference:
No motive prompted my action other j
than the desire to induce, if possible, con- |
cert of action among such Governors and i
Attorneys General of all the States as '■
mltfht attend, m an effort to suppress an
evil, which has become gigantic in pro- |
portions and which, in the opinion of a
very large number of good and patriotic j
citizens of the republic, threatens the !
must serious and disastrous consequences j
to the country.
It is true that in some sections money
is plentiful, trade active, speculation rife,
and that certain products have largely j
and rapidly increased in selling value.
This prosperity, however, is born, in a
great measure, of war, and is largely at
tributable to the enormous expenditures
that have been and are now being made
by the General Government for special
purposes and in particular localities, and
bo long as war shall continue this unusual j
activity will be maintained. Considering
the situation conservatively, impartially
JEW BAITER
CAUSES RIOTS
IN ALGIERS
Bloodshed Follows the At
tempt of Regis to Imitate
Guerin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALGIERS, Sept. 21.— Max Regis,
former Mayor of Algiers, and a noto
rious Jew baiter, who returned here re-
I cently, haunted by the idea that the
Government intended to arrest him and
Jealous of the notoriety of Jules Guerin,
I shut himself up for four days with a
i party of adherents in a village, labeled
I "Anti-Juif," just outside the town. He
laid in a stock of provisions for a siege.
Yesterday, apparently annoyed at the
absence of any move on the part of the
police, he issued forth and entered the
town, stirring up anti-Jewish demon
strations, during which the windows of
several shops owned by Jews were
smashed. The Jews responded by fir
! ing revolvers and the mob rallied the
cry "Death to the Jews."
The riots continued throughout the
evening and finally the troops charged
with drawn swords and dispersed the
! rioters. Regis regain the villa and bar
| ricaded himself and his companions.
During the affray nine persons were
j stabbed or shot, among them three po-
I lice agents and two inoffensive citizens.
Took Strychnine by Mistake.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 20.— Mrs. M. D. Sun
nocks of this city, wife of a prominent
contractor, died from strychnine poison
this evening. She was suffering from a
cold and wished to take a doae of qui
nine. By mistake she filled a capsule
with strychnine and swallowed it. Death
resulted in fifteen minutes. She was 53
years of age.
METCALF IN FAVOR
OF AN AMENDMENT
OAKLAND, S--pt. 20. 1599.
Editor The Call. Can Francisco— My !
Dear Sir: The delay
?in answering yours
of the Ist instant
was caused by my
absence from town.
H have not as yet had
|time to carefully ex
iamlne the war reve-
Inue law passed by
Sthe last Congress. If
lan amendment to the
Iprescnt law is neces-
Isary for the purpose
iof compelling express
I and telegraph compa
nies to pay a direct
tax, then I am in fa
tvor of such an
There is.
however, no law that I am aware oi reg
ulating the prices to be charged by ex
press and telegraph companies, and any
amendment to the present law. in the
absence of regulations restricting
charges, would simply result in express
' and telegraph companies raising their
rates. \ erv truly yours.
Third Congressional District.
and with the assistance of an intelligent
experience, it cannot be reasonably ex
pected that the prosperity will long sur
vive the settlement of our foreign difficul
ties and the restoration of peace.
Next to the war itself and the incidents
directly connected with it. the wonderful
revolution that has occurred in business
life is calculated to arouse the gravest
anxiety in all thoughtful minds. For the
past quarter of a century we have heard
much of trust formation, and notes of
alarm have sounded again and again to
warn the people of the danger that threat
ened them in that direction. But during
the past two years that which was previ
ously but a shadow on the horizon has
become a dark and portentous cloud, and
on every side and from every quarter are
heard warnings of imminent danger that
should no longer pass unheeded.
The committee on resolutions held a
session far into the night.
■ »
Seminary Opened.
SAN ANSELMO. Sept. 20.— The opening
exercises of the Presbyterian Theological
s^ All- wool tailor- f^f
\iar M rrWS—i fnA <^ G R RV fi>n Mi\IV!__ H fe£
--Xrl bjiI □ H ia iA\ As fi £3 B V_»w _i D IJ □ E7-S 1\ _B hi rvSjV/
Sm if made suitslO- 1 I
j*£J |y| "Pleasing the buyer fosters continual . j *sjg|
I m \ Especialiv is this true in selling clothes. / I i/
a B From the start we do all in our power to re- I I if
i Jiji V tain the patronage of every customer by j" 1 9
I ; VI giving him absolute protection.
1 We furnish samples of cur tailor-made ll lj
|1 mi II, i ijjl suits, assure a satisfactory tit, return the II
I I'll I'll III I'l I I sc'ts' assure a satisfactory tit, return the III Hi If III ||| i
\ • ml jijjlji money on any purchase where the customer ,'ijjl I Sffllll!
II ill Ml mirfl is not pleased, or keep the suit in repair tree 1 llll Si Ijjjl
lllll'S. N. WOOD & CO., Illll
*** li- if liiit i ib ifHi iiifiTiifif»fiMititiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiitiiifiifii f tiiini'imf iff i ■iim_ff iff ifffffji
f'I"«"t"f vwr Trm-rriT -r ■♦■■• ■•■ •
MUST OBEY THE LAWS.
COMPANIES MUST PAY
THE TAX. SAYS WATERS
LOS ANGE-- :S, Sept. 13, 1899.
Editor The Call, San Francisco— Dew
Sir: i pon my return
to Los Angeles I find
yours of September
1. Replying to your
question I will say
that I am most as
suredly in favor of
the express company
paying a war tax
upon receipts issued
to its customers, and
the telegraph compa
nies to pay the tax
on mrssiiK''^ issued
over their lines, as I
believe the intention
of the act was the
taxation of the com-
panics t h fmselves,
and not the patrons thereof. I have the
honor to remain-, very sincerely,
Sixth Congressional District.
COMPEL THE COMPANIES TO
PAY, SAYS DE VRIES
STOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. 9, 1899.
Editor the San Francisco Call, San
Francisco, Cal.— Dear
Sir: I have your fa
vor of the Ist inst..
which came to hand
during my absence.
Replying to the in
quiry therein stated,
I beg to say that in
my opinion it was the
Intention of Congress
that express and
telegraph companies
should pay the war
tax attempted to be
levied upon them in
the revenue act.
In the revision of
this act I should cer-
tainly favor an amendment which would
be designed to compel express companies
to pay the war tax on the receipts issued
to shippers and the telegraph companies
to pay the tax on messages transmitted
over their lines. Such action should be
taken at an early day. Very respectfully
yours,
Second Congressional District.
Seminary were held here to-day, the prin
cipal feature being an address on the ad
vantages and dangers of seminary life,
delivered by Rev. Dr. J. H. Kerr, presi
dent of the faculty. The committee of
arrangements was composed of Rev. Dr.
Kerr. Rev. F. E. Doane and Rev. F. "W.
Reynolds.
Closed Against Plague.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, ISS9, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PANAMA. Sept. 20.— A dispatch from
Guayaquil states that the Ecuadorean
ports have been closed against all ships
and merchandise coming from India and
plague-infected .ports in Portugal.
34
DESIRELLO CASE
NEARLY CLOSED
Defendant Will Tell His
Story.
HIS WIFE A GOOD WITNESS
POSITIVE AND NOT SHAKEN IN
CBOSS- EXAMINATION.
She Declares That Her Husband
Sought Merely to Shoot the
Runaway Horses and Not
to Injure the Boys.
StMX'ial DlKMltOb to Th<» Hall.
REDWOOD CITY. Sept. 20.— de
fense in the Desirelio murder case la about
completed. To-morrow morning the de
fendant will take the stand and explain
to the jury just hew the shooting oc
curred and how young Johnston came to
lose his life. The attempt thus far has
been to discredit the witnesses for tho
prosecution. The first witness placed on
the stand this morning' was Henry Jen
sen, a young man I<s years of age. The
horses, he said, were Dot traveling fast.
When the wagon reached the point op- |
posite the White House he saw a man '■
step out toward the road and then back
again. -He did not know who the man
was, but thought it was Deslrello, from
the hat he had on. He was positive that
Desirclio said nothing before commencing
to shoot, that he did not call to the boys
to hold up. as Mrs. Desirello afterward
testified.
After a few more witnesses for the i
prosecution had testified concerning un-
port ant matters, the case for the
people was closed, and Mr. Walker made j
his statement to the jury. Mrs. Desirelio,
wife of the defendant; was then sworn.
She said that she nd her husband left
their home in Baden at 8 O'clock in the
morning of the day In Question, and went
to San Francisco on business. From
there they, returned to Colma, when de
fendant had business at the coursing
park. She did not see him again until
after 6 o'clock in the afternoon, at which
time they mot at the park. They started
for the town together, proceeded a short
way and then went by different roads,
going to the White House and she to
Helli's store. From the store she walked
tip to the White House and . saw her
husband talking with Mr. Murphy. While ;
waiting hero her attention was attracted
by a noise up the road, and soon she
saw the t<*am driven by Vaccari tearing
down on her. She saw her husband run j
out toward it and attempt to stop the
horses. She heard him call out to the
boys to hold up several times, as they
were driving too fast. She then saw him j
start to run after the team and shoot in
the air. The team kept going and lie
after it. Two shots were all she heard.
Wh-.-n she reached the store a crowd had :
gathered aboiitTyOung Johnston, who was :
on the porch, and she- spoke to her |
husband, saying: "My God. Fred, what !
have you done. Have. you shot iue boy?"
To which he replied it was an accident. ,
He did not mean to shoot any one, but
shot to kill the horsps.
Mrs In all her
cross-exam!]
v.:is not sh •.■ \ • ther wit
• stated thai del
• •':•- horses were run
■ might be In
thai shot at the h<
intend Ipple them and not to in
jure the boys.
PRESIDENT TO VISIT
THE MIDDLE WEST
Will Be at St. Paul October 12 to
Greet the Minnesota Regiment
Upon Its Return.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— The arrane-f
--m»rits for the president's Western trip
are I- rfected. The President will
go West t the pr sent difficulties in
connection vitli the Chicago celebration
are not adjusted. He will be In Gales
burg, 111., on October B, and al Bt. Paul
s returning fi<>m th(- ,
Philippines on the I2?h. Fnim the un-
Uth li" will be in Chicago, unless
the rplebratior. there which is set for ttie
•: loned.
A committee consisting of Secretary of
ilture Wilson, Representative Per
kins of [owa, Interstate Commerce Com
misslonei roumans and .7. V. Mahoney
ix City, lowa, were at the White
lay an<i urseii the rn-sident to
come ' - • fter his visit to St.
Paul. It is probable that the President's
arrangemei adjusted to accept i
tli>- Invitation.
BENJAMIN HARRISON
ARGUES FOR VENEZUELA
Combats the Contentions of England
rs Expressed by Sir Richard
Webster.
pakis, sepi m.— Before th* Anglo
elan Boundary Arbitration <'om
mission to-day ex-President Benjamin
Harrison continued his argument In be
half of Venezuela, declaring ihut both
Imltted there was a common, co
terminous boundary between Qulana and
. • la, aivi that any Idea of a Bpace
in which Great Britain could advance
was alien to the views of {)>•■ Ministers
and to those In the diplomatic
correspondence to the use of which Sir
. the British Attorney
i }en< nil, had protested . thai
irveyor, Sir Roberi Bchomburpk,
had advanced the English boundaries,
and that Lord Salisbury and Sir Richard
Webster had advanced them further.
Continuing, -Mr. Harrison said that if
Barima Point was left In othei
than those of Venezuela, a dangerous and
unwholesome situation would be created
both for Venezuela and Qreat Britain.
SUFFERING IN SAN JUAN.
Statistics Show a Large Percentage of
People Destitute.
SAN JUAN I>R PORTO HICO, SU-pt.
20.— Th.- Board of Charities' tabulated
statistics show that out of a population
884 there are 91,089 indigent and 11,-
S." 4 * siik. The- number of deaths as a re
sult of the recent hurricane was KIB. One
week's rations were Issued to 2.' 0 ..W per
sons and the number of those working for
rations was 11,713.
"GIBSON RYE. 1
In Cases,
!
The finest Pure Mononsahela Rye Whisky,
distilled by the GlbGonton Mills on the Monon-
gAhela River, MOORE ft SINNOTT, Proprie-
tors.
JCKAKL&3 6TEINECKB * CO. f
Pol* JLg%u% 814 Sacramento Street. 8. F.
ELKS GATHER TO DEDICATE THE NEW
HOME AT LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, Sepi 20.— The three
days ol feati\iti< - n with the
ition of the new home of th<
Lodge of this city have brought hundreds
(if visitors here.
Elks from the British Columbia lln
the M< xican border ai d t •■
as El Paso have possession of Los An
to-day, and will retain control of the
keys of the city during the rest of the
week. Tlic first of rims from
abroad to arrive was the northern dele
. ■ . amalgamated Into a Bingle crowd.
The contlngi ni which embraced visitors
from Ban Francisco. Stockton, Oakland,
OPPOSES THE
FILIPINO WAR
Senator Mason Attacks
Administration.
Special Diar«tch to The Call.
WASHINGTON", Sept. 20.— 1n an Inter
view to-day Senator Mason of Illinois
said:
"On the floor of the Senate I shall con
tinue my opposition to the war upon the
Filipinos. l would sooner resign ray seat
than treat a dog the way we are treat
ing those people. , 1 am ashamed of my
country. People make a great mistake
when they say that 1 am against expan
sion. I am not. But expansion by pur
chase or other honorable means is one
thing; expansion by force is another. I
do not believe that there was any neces
sity for this war upon the Filipinos. I
believe that if we had adopted a resolu
tion in Congress assuring those people
as we assured the Cubans, that we had
no sellish designs upon them, we never
would have met with any opposition in
the Philippines. The fact is that we have
given the Filipinos every reason to dis
trust us and they are lighting for their
own liberty.
"Talk about hauling down our flag.
Will our flag come down in Cuba? Cer
tainly It will If we are true to our prom
ises. And the day that it comes down
will be the brightest day in our history,
because if will show that we are a great,
unselfish nation devoted to the eternal
principles of right and honesty. If the
Cubans want to be annexed later, that
is another question. Why cannot we deal
with the Filipinos in the same way?"
TYPHOON DELAYS THE
RETURN OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Sont. 20.— The Wax
Department has received the following;
dispatch:
■MANILA, Sppt. 20.— Adjutant General,
Washington; Tyriho<Mi prevailing. Rain
full forty-fight hours 8 2-10 inchrs; la-st
twenty-four .hours 6 3-10 Inohes. Delay
shipment of volunteers. lovvas probably
Bail to-morrow; Tennessees detained south
by Btorm. "OTIS."
The enrollment of recruits for the vol
r army progresses steadily. Yester
day 6U men were secured. makinK the
total to date 7861. Th.' grreatesi proeresa
had been maKe by th.' Trarty-elgrhth Kcgi
ment, which has enlisted 025 men. Tim
Thirty-ninth Regiment comes next with
1099 men. The two colored regiments are
making fairly good headway. The Porty
eighth at Fort Thomas lias 177 men and
the Forty-ninth at Jefferson barracks haa
m men.
The War Department has directed the
transports Sikh and City of Jtio to go to
Portland, Or., and take the Thirty-fifth
volunteers to Munila.
CABLES GOOD WISHES TO
RETURNING SOLDIERS
DKS Ml UNBB, Towa, Sept. 20.— This
afternoon Governor Shaw cabled Colonel
Loper of the Fifty-first Jnwa. at Manila,
which sails to-morrow morning, as fol
lows:
"Greetings to officers and men. With
prayers of State you have honored for a
propitious voyage and a safe return."
"SHAW."
The Governor officially announced to
day that ho would \'f unable to be In San
Francisco when th«> regiment lands.
BUT FEW REBELS ARE
STILL UNDER ARMS
MANILA. Sept. 20.— Cable reports from
Hollo concerning the results of General
Bates' second trip among the southern
Islands indicate that only about 400
rebels at Zamboanga refuse to recognize
American authority. Pending the outcome
in the Island of Luzon, the city of Zarn
boanga is practically deserted. The reb
els are in camp four miles in the country
The Morns and Filipinos are unfriendly
and disturbances between them are liable
to occur. Jolo is quiet and the natives
continue friendly. ■' • ..,-
Gas for Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 20.— The ei^iHau
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
lacramento, Fresno. San Luis Obispo and
•ortland, Or., arrive 1 at the Arcade de
he Owl tliis morning. They were
w> carloads strong.
Representatives of the reception com
nlttee from the local lodge met the tray
■ ■'•■ .:.-.. • and escorted them to
i elr auarters at the Hotel Nadeau.
Los Angeles Lodge No. 90 conferred the
legrees to-night and performed the fol
iation work for the benefit of the visiting
irothers.
To-morrow afternoon the Bites oham
donshin baseball match will be h-ld at
for $30.tX*> bonds for municipal Ras= works
?■;« i arrled to-day by a vote of 368 to 152.
Tl ■- Intereel on the proposition exceeded
that "f si general election, and both sides
worked hard. The town is jubilating to
night.
BROOKLYN BEATEN BY
THE ST. LOUIS NINE
BROOKLYN. Sept. Brooklyn led by two
runs up to the seventh to-day, when MeJames
weakened. and the St. Louieans won out. The
ninth was started with Kennedy in the box,
but after Bchreckoncoat had reached third, with
one out Latham called the (tame on account of
darkness Cuppy was hit hard, but principally
after two men were out. Wrigley. whose re
lease was purchased from Syracuse, played for
Brooklyn to-day and fielded well. Attendance,
1500. Score:
I Clubs- - R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 i? i"
Brooklyn 3 l - 1
Batteries— Cuppy and O'Connor; Me James and
McGulre. Umpires— Latham and Connolly.
' WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— Louisville captured
I both games to-day, winning the first through
: very loose playing by the home team. In the
second game Waddell had the Senators at his
tnercy and his support was gilt edge. Freeman
made his twentieth home run for the season.
Attendance, 1789. Score, first game:
Clubs- **• ll - XiK i
Washington 1 c ?
Louisville '• • ■». 1
Batteries— Weyhlng and Powers; Cunningham
and Mesfitt. Umpire—
Second game:
Clubs- **• *|. E.
Washington ♦ » •
Louisville 8 10 0
Batteries— McFarlan and Kittredge; Waddell
and Bteelmaa. Umpire— Dwyer.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— PUUburgs were
outplayed at every point to-day, the New
Yorks batting and fielding in rare form. At
tendance, 200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E
}'ittsiiurg k • "
New York 5 15 3
Batteries— Gray and Schriver; Carrick and
Warner. Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 20— Kltson held the
Clevelands down to seven scattered hits to-day
and but for a bunch of three errors would
have shut them out. Schmidt was effective at
times but his support was also amateurish.
Kitso'n sprained his back and was replaced by
McGlnnity in the ninth. Attendance, 927.
j Score:
' Clubs— . R - H. E.
Cleveland. «• ? , 7 3
Baltimore 6 v d
Batteries— Schmidt and Sugden: Kitson, Mc-
Glnnlty and Smith. Umpire— Sydney.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 20.— Pitcher jCronin
was mainly responsible for Cincinnati's defeat
to-day. In the sixth inning he hit one batter,
two singles and a double were made off him
' and he gave two bases on balls, forcing in
: the run which gave the Phillies the game.
Attendance, 2480. Score:
I Clubs- :... R- H. E.
• Cincinnati 3 7 2
I Philadelphia ♦ 9 2
Batteries— Cronln and Kahoe; Orth and Doug
lass. Swart wood and Hunt.
BOSTON, Sept. 20.— The Chicago- Boston game
was postponed owing to wet grounds.
ADMITS HIS GUILT AND
FREES HIS ACCOMPLICES
Sensational Incident During the Trial
of the Man Who Shot the Late
King Milan.
BELGRADE, Sept. 20.— The trial of
GjuraKnezevic, the Bosnian who attempt
ed to assassinate former King Milan of
Servia last July, and of the influential
radical leaders, charged with being ac
complices in th*- attack, developed to-day
a sensational Incident.
Standing before the Bible, and crucifix,
Knesevlc formally withdrew all accusa
tions of complicity. He said;
"I charged these prisoners with com
plicity in order to save myself. I swear
now that these men are absolutely inno
cent. I lired on Milan out of personal re
venge because I thought he was the cause
of my falling to find employment. I have
now freed my soul. It is for you Judges
to decide."
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
Fiesta P;irk. The San Diego Elks have
challenged the Los Angeles bo_\ s to a
straight game. Preceding the regular
game a burlesque game will be called
hi tween a select crowd from home to play
a nine from San FYanclsco, the prize
being the City Hall ami its contents.
To-morrow evening will occur the real
event of tin three days' festivities, the
ex< raises incidental to the dedication of
the new hall.
The programme is ns follows:
Overture. City Guard < 'ornet Band of
San Diego; vocal selection, trio, Mr. and
Mrs. Moaini-Wood and Mr. Scanlon,; solo.
Miss Bcanlon; recitation, John Mott; ad
dress. Frank J. Finlavson: \\>oul selection.
ODD FELLOWS'
GRAND PAGEANT
Splendid Parade Held
by the Order.
£i*>citil DisDatch to Th«? Call.
I'ETROTT. Sept. 20.— For more than an
hour this afternoon 4500 Odd Fellows and
their sisters ol the Rebekan order were
j passing in review before Grand Sire.
Pinkerton. Deputy Grand Sire Cable and
Major General .1. P. Ellacott, rhief of the
grand sire's st;:ff. It was the finest and*
largest procession seen in Detroit finoe
the treat G. a. R. parade In 1890. Fully
a score of )>ands furnished the music.
Street car and other traffic was suspend
ed along the line of mnrch and the police
kept th.> crowd of spectators well back
on the sidewalks.
Rriß.nlier General Martin, commander
of the Mi< hipan department of the Pa
triarcha Militant, led 1000 members of the
military branch of Odd Fellowship, all in
full uniform, carrying drawn swords.
Their perfed marching, excellent evolu
tions and line appearance drew constant
applause from the crowds that packed
the Woodward avenue sidewalks from
curbs to building fronts. Ohio sent six
cantons of Patriarchs, Indiana three,
New York three, Pennsylvania three,
Massachusetts three, Michigan three and
St. Thomas, Ont.. one.
Subordinate encampments followed the
gayly attired and military lookirrg Pa-
I triarchs, the division being headed by a
V f++++++++++ + +++++ »♦ m ♦ + ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦^
\ IIIACULOUS CURES! \
| t
IBy Dr. Sanden's Latest Method, the .J
X Famous Dp. Sanden Elect Pic Belt. J
i Famous Dr. Sanden Electric Belt.
V* • t
<: Lfl»S 4^^ My Belts give electricity, galvanic ]:
T fflß> ii currents, and magnetism combined, and ]:
X Lferac' ''■l* c * supply an element in the treatment of ':
X Wsm j^%^Jt&^S& nervous diseases, loss of vigor, rheuma- X
X' ffii^^^^l tism, etc., which cannot be obtained by ♦
* IllliKP^ 1 "'^MiSK. ' taking drugs and medicines. Electricity ♦
X |^^P^ >^jfe^'' :; j^^ is like oil which lubricates the wornout X
* Wlm machinery of the body, and without X
X WL^ il::^// which there is no progress. Like oil, it X
X \ ] \ . costs very.little compared with the good -
X . , W A that it does. Electricity is the only means ::
4- by which strength can be attained. . A pocket edition of the +
X celebrated electro-medical work, entitled
I "THREE CLASSES OF MEN/ I
I illustrated, will be sent free to any address, securely sealed 'X
* Address . +
) DR. T. *£&s£&. «a» I
£++++♦+♦♦++♦♦♦+♦+♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ HHtHt , Muu^^ x
Queen Ladies' Quartet; cello solo. Mr.
Ballard; vocal duet. Mr. and Mrs. Modint-
Wood; vocal solo. Mrs. W. F. Kennedy:
orchestra, "Popular Favorites," < "ity
Guard Hand.
\ social session will be held on F"rlday
evening and the local Elks are determined
to make it one long to be remembered.
Among the guests of honor besides the
visiting EIRs will be members from the
Frawley and Orpheum Theater com
panies.
An excursion to Mount T.owe is under
consideration, as Is also a trip to Santa
Monica for a fish dinner and a dip in the
surf. Tli.- majority of the visiting Elks
will remain here until Saturday.
large float representing the "Plains of
Mamrc." Tyodgeg vied with each other in
turning out the greater number of men
uniformed in some striking manner.
Riverside Lodge of Detroit made the hit
of this division with 200 men all uni
formed in brown lim-n suits and caps.
Colond umbrellas were carried by sev
eral lodges, adding picturesqueness to the
long- nagaent. Two floats portraying
"The flood Samaritan" and "Saul Listen
ing to David Playing the Harp" were
drawn with this division. After the
Grand Lodge of Michigan was drawn a
tremendous float with children bearing
the legend, "We Educate Orphans."
Banners in t he children's hands told
of the many orphan asylums maintained
by the order. Women of the Rebekah
branch rode in sixty-five carriages with
a large float illustrating "Rebekah at the
Well" In their midst. The representa
tives to the Sovereign Grand Lodge oc
cupied respective carriages designated by
shields hunt? thereon, bearing the names
of the States- and the occupants repre
sented. All the State and the Canadian
provinces were thus in the line.
When Grand Sire Pinkerton and his as
sistants had finished the review, they en
tered carriages and escorted by the Junta
Hussar? of Columbus, Ohio, brought up
the rear of the procession. The gorge
ous uniforms and dashing evolutions of
the Hussars was the final feature of the
spectacle. It is estimated that 10.000 per
sons connected with the various divisions
of Odd Fellowship are now in the city.
QUIET PREVAILS IN CUBA.
General Wood Completes an Investi
gation of the Provinces.
SANTIAGO. Sept. 20.— General "Wood's
inspection of the provinces was concluded
Monday. He says that he found the coun
try quiet throughout and the people will
ing to work, but little progress has been
made since the war. The general was
given a warm reception at Puerto Prin
cipe.
The hospital at San Juan Dedios is in
.bad condition and General Wood will
grant $400 to complete it.
TWO FATAL
TRAIN WRECKS
Terrible Accident Near
Kansas City.
TWO MEN BURNED TO DEATH
♦
DISASTEB ON THE BURLINGTON
AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Engineer Is Killed, Three Postal
Clerks and Three Trainmen Are
Injured, But the Passen
gers Escape.
Pi>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 20.— A passenger
train north-bound on the St. Louis and
San Francisco collided with a freight
train fifteen miles southeast of this city
this morning. Four people were killed
and four others more or less seriously
Injured. Dead:
B. F. KBDJCK, Springfield, Mo., en
gineer of freight. , 
CHARLES RIDER, Springfield, Mo.,
fireman of passenger.
D. W. HARLSON, Clinton, Mo., freight
brakeman.
UNKNOWN MAN, burned beyond
identification.
Injured:
Fred W. Laker, Springfield, Mo., en
gineer of passenger, leg crushed, throat
cut and body badly scalded; will die.
L. P. Halleck, postal clerk, Springfield,
Mo., head bruised and cut.
Fred A. Smith, Springfield, express mes
senger, head bruised and hands and arms
scalded.
J. W. Haislett, Springfield, freight fire
man, wound over eye, legs injured.
Fireman Rider was buried beneath the
baggage and mail car and burned to
death, th»- car and its contents of mail
and baggage being- entirely consumed.
Another man, name unknown, probably a
tramp, was also cremated in the fire that
destroyed this tar.
PABKERSBURG, W. Va.. Sept. 20.—
Train No. 3 on the Burlington and Ohio,
due in Cincinnati at 5:15 p. m., was
wrecked to-day near Petroleum, W. Va.
Engineer William Myers was killed.
Three postal clerks and three trainmen
were injured. The engine, mail car and
baggage car left the track. The passeng
ers were not hurt.
ONECK QUEEN IN FIRST.
Wins the Willow Stakes, the Feature
at Gravesend.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— The Willow
stakes for two-year-old nllies at Jive and
a half furlongs was the only feature on
the card at Gravesend to-day. Musette
was added at the last minute and was
made a hot favorite at 6 to 5. She would
not extend herself in the going, however,
and was never dangerous, finishing in the
ruck. The winner turned up in Oneck
Queen who, well handled by Maher, came
away in the stretch after Orthia ran her
self'out in front and won easily by two
lengths. The fifth resulted in a dead heat
between the favorite. Bold Knight, and
Mynheer, and the purse was divided.,, Re
sults: .
About six furlongs— Jinks won, Matanras
second Miss Marlon third. Time. 1:12 1-6.
Mile ana a sixteenth, selling— Cathedral won.
Lady Meddlesome second, Rare Perfume third.
The Willow, five and a half furlongs— Oneck
Qufen won, Iroquois Belle second, Eileen Daly
third. Time. 1:10 1-5.
Mile and a half— Semper Ego won, Latson
second. Spurs third. Time, 2:40.
Five furlongs, selling— Bold Knight and Myn
heer ran a dead heat. Oread third. Time.
Mile and a sixteenth— Locochee won, Golden
Link second, Desperado third. Time, 1:53 4-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Weather clear; Urack
heavy. Results:
Seven furlongs — Contessa won. Tommy
O'Brien second, Caloocan third. Time, 1:40.
Mile ami an eighth, selling— Mary Kinsella
won Plnkey Potter second. Pacemaker third.
Time, 2:lf. ' _.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Damocles
won. Antiquary second, Moroni third. Time,
1 -2 nl ■•
One- mile— Miss Dooley won. Clara Meader
second, Martha Fox third. Time, 1:55%.
One mile— Sea Lion won, Sam Lazarus Esq.
Becond, DUer third. Time, 1:52.
Five and a half furlongs, spiling— Brown An
derson won, Lomond second, Tildee third.
Time, 1:16.
BUFFALO, Sept. 20.— The track at Fort Erie
was still In n miserable condition to-day as
a result of the rain and the mud horses were
In command. To-morrow will end the twenty
days' fall meeting and the majority of the
horses will gi» to Toronto for the week's meet
ing, starting Monday. Results:
Seven furlongs— Applejack won. Branch sec
ond. Alice Farley third. Time. 1:38.
Four and a half furlongs— Lissome won.
Queen Eric second, Lavietesse third. Time,
1-02
One mile— Sea Robber won, Prospero second,
Faunette third. Time. 1:52^.
Six furlongs— Frohman won. Xathie May sec
ond Judffe Quigley third. Time. 1:24>4-
Four anil a half furlongs— Talala won, J.'orth
umberland second, Bell Dlnmont third. Time,
Six furlongs— La Grange won, Bloodhound
second, Athy third. T^me, l:22>i.
Sealers in Port.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 20.— The
schooner Mary Taylor, the first of the
sealers to return from Bering Sea, ar
rived to-dny with a catch of fifty-four
skins. Other schooners reported are the
Victoria. 770 skins; the Hatzic and Cap
tain Daly, 650 skins; Arietes, 478; Dora
Steward, 475, and Ainoka with 411. The
Beatrice was seen August S with 178 and
the City of San Diego with 172; Penelope,
August' 4, with 2S.
DR. KL^ME&'S BEMEDIES. . I
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT
Is Not Recommended for Everything.
But it You Have Kidney or Bladder
Trouble It Will Be Found Just
the Remedy You Need.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind,
discourages and lessens ambition;
beauty, vigor and cheerfulness soon
! disappear when the kidneys are out of
order or diseased.
Kidney trouble has become so preva-
lent that it is not uncommon for a
child to be born afflicted with weak kid-
neys. If the child urinates too often,
if the urine scalds the flesh, or if, when
the child reaches an age when it should
be able to control the passage, and it
is yet afflicted with bed-wetting, de-
pend upon it, the cause of the difficulty
is kidney trouble, and the first step
should be toward the treatment of these
important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition
of the kidneys and bladder and not to
a habit as most people suppose.
So we. find that women as well as
men are made miserable with kidney
and bladder trouble and both need the
same remedy. The mild and the im-
mediate effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It is sold by ' druggists, in
fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. You
may have a sample bottle by mail free,
also pamphlet telling all about it, in-
cluding many of the thousands of tes-
timonial letters received from sufferers
cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. V., mention the San
Francisco Daily Call.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December,
t A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Coda
of said State.
CAPITAL.. ,
Amount of Capital Stock paid up . j i.i •■ ' ,
in Cash • If.' 11l
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company $10,977.848 71
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 28,900,189 39
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 2,300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
form taken in payment of premi-
ums on policies now In force 904,622 19
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company.... 20,405,063 43
Amount of Cash on hand In Com-
I pany's office
1 Amount of Cash deposited In Banks 1,688,745 23
Interest due and accrued . 963,702 63
Rente due and accrued 12,572 27
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection and of deferred pre-
-1 miums 322,549 40
Total assets » _ $64.182.387 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
. endowments, due and unpaid $ 87,570 SO
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
' adjustment,, or adjusted but not
due 149,519 00,
Claims resisted by the Company.... 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out- „ ,
standing policies, computed ac- ! ! ? * ' '
. cording to the Combined Experi- ' ' • ' • ' •
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
per cent interest 55, 561,814 M
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 782,437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled ' 141,360 00
Premiums paid In advance 84,854 53
Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities 18,093 00
Total liabilities $56.665.845 20
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year $ 839.300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427,560 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1,370 00
Cash received for interest 2,760,260 07
Cash received for rents 809,987 59
Cash received from all other sources
Total income $7,838,473 14
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~~~~ ~"
Cash paid for losses and matured • -.• ,'
endowments $4,283,340 44
Cash paid to annuitants 25 00
Paid for surrendered policies 656,040 53
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1,272,695 78
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders ....«
Commissions paid to agents 360,504 71
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners....- 151,699 93
Salaries and traveling expenses of • , .
managers of agencies M, 999 S3
Medical examiners' fees and sal- ' .
aries - a. 475 45
Cash paid for taxes 108.335 63
Cash paid for rents 7.037 00
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 177,648 62
All other cash payments..." ■ 179.160 00
Total expenditures during the.
year $7,439,960 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT. ■
Premium notes . and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.. .5983,815 It
Premium notes and other - \ ■ _
premium obligations re- .
ceived during the year.... 668 00' '
Total - Wi.m 73
Deductions during the year, . v follows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of losses and
claims...' $22,177 ST ■
Amount of notes and other '  '.
premium obligations used ,*;
in purchase of surren-
dered policies 9,320 (3
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of dividends
to policy holders 53, 311 86
Amount of notes- and other
premium obligations void-
ed by. lapse of policies.. 2,124 00
Amount of notes and other
premium, obligations re- ■
deemed by maker In
ca5h........ 11.327 87
Total reduction !of Premium-
Note Account ............. $79,361
Balance, note assets at end of the
year . $904.622 1^ -
. JACOB L. GREENE, President. .
£} HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn •to before me, this
17th day of February. 1599. s
■ NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Publle.
FVR. NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT. /
A. K. P. HARMON,
District Superintendent Agencies,
30*31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
KfglDß. HALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
ea&M wfisi Five hundred reward for any
P" 1 * • •"*§ case we cannot cure. This secret
B^ *_ m remedy stops all losses In *■*
BgjJ RgSj hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
laWl Kvni tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
lEa ■»■■ Gleet. Fits, • Strictures Lost
r^fL-JSw?] Manhood anil all wasting effects
. ■«2E-^^Kl of self-abuse or excesses, Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $3; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address. HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 855 Broadway, Oakland, . Cal. Also
for sale .at 1073& Market St.. S. F. All privat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.MINING ENGINEERS
JOURNEYING WEST
The Delegation Passes
Through Montana.
INSPECTS THE BIG SMELTER
WTLL ATTENTD THE CONVENTION
IN THIS CITY.
The Party Numbers but Fifty-Three,
Although It Was Expected
There Would Be at lieast
One Hundred.
PffolaJ Dlf>t>atch to The Call.
BI'TTE, Mont. Sept. 20.— Several mem
bers nt the American Institute of Min
ing Engineers are In Butte and Anaconda
to-day. The number of the- party ■'. ■ s
not come up t'> expectations, as it was a
ago Btated that at least 100
mineralogists and geologists from the
■ would pass through Butte to-day,
ite to Ban Francisco, where the fall
: the Instil ■ be held.
The party numbers fifty-three, Including
the lad
They were shown the principal mines of
by local engineers and superin
tits, and this afternoon the greatest
smelting plant in the world is being 4n
onda. The party starts
westward to-night, and will b< In Bpo
to-morrow, where a reception awaits
it. Six palatial cars transport the ex
cursionists, who are in charge t>f I »r. H.
W. Raymond, s< cretary of the institute.
Among the distinguished members of
■ Btitute in the party aro I>r. James
Douglas, president of the institute; Theo
l 1 Rand, treasurer; Thomas
Dwight, assistant treasurer and
tary, and Ernest Fleming, a representa
:' the Prussian Government, who is
studying American mining methods.
a few engineers from Butte and
will accompany the parts- to Ban
Francisco.
Raymond said to-day that ho was
Eomewhai disappointed in the attendance
from th< East, and that I tected
up to a f'-vi weeks ago that there ■■
l" 1 at least fifty engineers in the party.
(»ne cause of the shortage is attri
to the great d, >m the Eastern
centers to the Pacific Coast, and the
at a time when many
who would like to attend cannot well
their respective places of bus!
However, Dr. Raymond expects a num
ites t'> go to San Franeieco
ith< m n>un s.
Th< | composed of James Doug
las and wife. Miss Edith M. Douglas,
Dr. R, w. Raymond, wife and -Miss Ray
mond, Davis Williams, editor of the iron
Age. and wife, W. L. Decamp, Miss I>e-
Camp, T. Roi.iKs Jr., 5. M. Richardson
and Theodore Dwight, New York; Miss
M. C. Briggs, Durham, England; Miss
Bell, Toronto, Canada; Miss Bliss, I'.rook
lyn; Mrs. John M'iiis. John Cabot Jr.,
town Perm.; Theodore D. Rand,
Thomas K>'is, Ithaca. New York: Pro
fessor N. W. Lord, Columbus. Ohio; \v.
c, I'.,rk.- and Wife and Miss I'.trk^.
Scran ton, Perm.; Otto Muhlfcauser, La
Salle. 111.. Edwin Lttdlow and wife.
Hartshorn, I. T.; A. U. Sheafer. Potts
ville. Perm.; Ernest Fleming, Berlin; E.
W. Parker and wife, Washington, I>. <".,
of the Geological Survey; F. K. Backman
and wife, Huff.ilo; A. D. Cbidsey, MUsa
Chidsey, ESaston, Perm.; 1... 1.,. Gurnsey,
Philadelphia. Perm.; William R. Mc-
Ilwain and wife, Reading, Perm.; Samuel
Thomas and wifi 'a. Perm.; Mrs.
:>•:. D. 8111 l - N. V.: Pi
Bor W. P. Blake and wife, New Haven,
Conn.; W. F. Downs, Jersey City; Allen
Wood, Conshohocken, Perm.; W. F.
Crane. Bisbee, Ariz.: E. M. Buckingham,
on; B. F. Cnynoweth, Rockland,
Michigan; Jnlin Lilly, Lambervllle, N. J. ;
A. Thies, S^uth Carolina; C. W. Goodale,
Great Falls. Mont.: C. L. Wright, Kes
wick. Mrs. A. M. Grace, Den
ver; B. F. Fackenthal and wife, Mrs.
Thomas, Easton, Perm.
INCREASING CROWDS AT
THE STOCKTON FAIR
Police Have Taken No Steps Toward
Suppressing- the Unlawful
Gambling Games.
STOCKTON. Sept 20.— The third day of
the fair has been marked by increasing
throngs and brisk Bcenes throughout the
day. At the pavilion to-night several
■ . including many school
childi ded. The "wide open"
which the officers have been aflow
tiot to pasa without a protest from
■ native people.
Many unlawful games were running
;i?ht under the noses of the officers,
ai >1 no pretense was made at stopping
them. Pool-selling lias been publicly ad
vertised and carried on in the face of the
rdinancea against it. 'xhe lecal
which haa heretofore remained
I • ting the officers to act, to-day
makes sarcastic comments upon their in-
Borne of the worst class of tin
have left town, but there are still
enough left to operate several games.
New Church Dedicated.
LOS OLIVOS, Sept. 20.— The Presbytery
of Santa Barbara, including the counties
nta Barbara and Ventura, was in
n to-day and formally dedicated
ew Presbyterian Church to-night.
Th^re was a large attendance from Santa
Yi.fZ Valley towns. Mr. Smith was
d moderator f>>r the ensuing year.
The dedication sermon was preached by
Rev. Dr. I'arrier of Santa Barbara.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
BtZZIiICSS
(a a very common consequence of indi-
gestion and torpid liver. Sometimes
there are spots before the eyes and hot
flashes. At other times a sensation as
of vertigo occurs, at once suffocating and
blinding. It is a waste of time to at-
tempt to cure this jtsm.
condition by or- /ss^vW
medicines. The /gS&fsffisMß@&n
tion and nutrition sfflgßßß|Jßpji|umsjB
must be restored *T3HHHBMB!ffiBsS
to healthy activ- >4^|hßh9HeS
must be purified.
the liver cleansed
and strengthened, *«J%v£2> ■~**^ms
before a cure can fc L /f£k 3^5? Jgf>
be hoped for. This SUlfSj ~jm
is the work done jifJlir L. MzR
by Dr. P;erce's M^ g, ffit
(golden JSleclical *\S \ JJZgSg
Discovery, a mcd- \o^^^T^
idne specially /•/ JC^S^^ k^
eases of the stom- /^^y//EHrS&& \\
ens the stomach, ' j /l\\ AA It
motes the health * I? '
of every organ of I. y .
the body.
My wife was greatly troubled with indiges-
tion torpid liver, dizziness, and also irregular
period*." write* Mr. W. A. Preston, of Shucua-
Uk, Noxubee Co.. Miss. "We tried many differ-
ent remedies, but none of them gave perfect re-
lief until we were induced by a lady to try your
•Golden Medical Discovery,' r Favorite Proscrip-
tion ' and * Pleasant Pellets.' These medicines
did more good than anything we ever tried for
those complaints. We have used four bottle* ol
your ' Golden Medical Discovery.' one of ' Favor-
ite Prescription, 1 and two vials of your ' Pellets.
These medicine* have done the work we de-
sired, and I do heartily recommend them to all
similar sufferers."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of the " Discovery.*
REINHOLD SADLER IS
GOVERNOR OF NEVADA
Supreme Court Decides That He Was Legally
Elected, and McMillan, the Relator, Is Or
dered to Pay the Costs of the Case.
CARSON, New. Sept. 20.— Late this
afternoon the Judges of the Su
preme Court of the State of Ne
vada decided that Reinhold Sad
ler was legally elected Governor
of the State.
Shortly after the election last frill
William McMillan, the Republican can
didate, after being defeated by twenty
two votes by Reinhold Sadler, filed no
tice of a contest for the Governorship.
The court occupied nearly six weeks
taking the testimony of both parties.
UNITED BY AN
ADVERTISEMENT
Strange Case of a Sister
and Brother.
V
Soecial Dispatch to The Call
PASADENA. Sept. 2").— To-day a brother
and sister who had never known each
other were united through the medium
of a newspaper advertisement.
Sixteen years ago Mr. and Mrs. Can
ton died In New York. They left three
children— Albert J., Essie M. and William.
Albert was 12 and Essie 4 and William
j a babe In arms. The grandparents, who
were too old to properly care for the
orphans, took themin charge. Later Al
bert was adopted by a Mr. Wheeler and
! took his name. The girl was adopted by
i a family named Chase and known up bs-
Bie M Chase William stayed with his
'; grandparents and kept his right name.
Time wore on and the children separ
: ated. Albert went to Bridgeport and Es
j sic came to Pasadena, residing with her
adopted mother. Mrs. Sarah K. chase, on
' Park street. The brothers and sister
kn«w nothing of each other for a long
time Then Albert, being told about his
i little sister, of whom he had a vague rec
ollection, had a desire to see her. He
found she had loft New York and come
to the Pacific Coast. Twice he traveled
across the continent to find her and re
turned unsuccessful. Then he advertised
In a New York newspaper. A relative
I of Mrs. Chase, now living in Stratford.
■ Conn read the advertisement, which
! stated that Wheeler\s former name was
' canton, and gave all the facts he knew
' about the family. The relative wrote to
i him and said that Essie was living with
Mrs. Chase here. Essie is quite well
i known here as Essie Chase. Albert has
! been corresponding with her and they
have compared notes which prove them
ito be brother and sister. Their meeting
i to-day was a strange one.
MAYORS DISCUSS
MUNICIPAL WELFARE
Atlanta, Ga., Delegates Working to
Secure the Convention for
Their City Next Year.
SYRACUSE. N. T.. Sept. 20.—Dele
gates to the convention of the League
of American Municipalities were late in
assembling to-day. Prior to the ses
sion representatives of Charleston, S.
C. ; Atlanta, Ga., and Peoria, 111., busied
themselves in soliciting support of the
claims of their respective cities for the
convention next year. Secretary Gilki
son announced that forty Mayors have
registered and 114 cities have represen
tation at the convention.
Mayor J. A. Johnson of Fargo, N. D.,
discussed "Special Assessment for City
Work," reviewing the laws authorizing
such assessments in various countries,
but more particularly those pertaining
to such legislation in the United States.
Of the forty-five States in the Union,
fnrty States and one Territory had laws
permitting the levying of special as
sessments to pay for local or special
improvements. Some difference existed
as to the method of procedure among
so many States, but the main principle
of special assessments was recognized
in them all.
Other interesting addresses were
made.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Order!?, Postmasters Appointed
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— The Commis
sioner of the Land Office has denied the
application for a review of the decision
in the case of the United States vs. the
Excelsior Redwood Company, in Hum
boldt Land District.
The following California postmasters
were appointed to-day:
Bardsdale, Ventura County, George
Hoakland, vice G. \V. Cutler, resigned;
Bonny Doon. Santa fruz County, Nellie
Carter, vice M. J. Owens, resigned; Wood
fords, Alpine County. Mary Merrill, vice
W. P. Merrill, deceased.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, Major Jasper N. Morri
son, Judge advocate, is relieved from duty
tn the office of the Judge 3«lvocate gen
eral, and will proceed to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
general of the Department of California
for further orders.
First Lieutenant Sherwood A. Cheney
is relieved Yrom duty at Willets Point,
N V., and will proceed to San Francisco.
Electrician Sergeants Tobias L. File and
Peter E. Turner will be sent to Fort
Point, Cal., for temporary duty and in
structions. Private Bennl Goldsblatt of
Lieht Battery F, Third Artillery, now at
Fort Rlley. Kans., is transferred to the
Twenty-third Infantry. He will be sent
to the' Presidio, San Francisco. Recruit
Francis B. Thurman of the Fourteenth
Infantry, Presidio, San Francisco, is
transferred to the signal corps as a sec
ond-class private at San Francisco. Cap
THE SAN IKAIN CISCO CALL, THUBBDAT, SEPTEMBER 21. 1899.
The grounds for the case were fraud.
The decision handed down to-day
states that no evidence of fraud was
found in the entire trial. The votes cast
by soldiers on the way to the Philip
pines were not counted, as the statutes
provided for no such case. The princi
pal gain made by Sadler was in the
Gold Hill precinct. Storey County,
where a number of ballots were marked
with red ink. These were thrown out.
as the red lines were not upon all the
ballots.
The decision is as follows: "The
court finds upon the evidence that
tain Renjamin Johnson, assistant quar
termaster, now at Los Angeles, will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to duty.
Pensions: California — Additional —Jo
seph Bodley, Soldiers' Home, I»s Ange
las. $4 to $12: George Gardner. Hesperla,
$4 to $S. Reissue, special. September 11-r
Robert A. Henderson. San Francisco, $10.
Original widows, etc.— Surah A. Wright,
Santa Monica. $8.
Oregon— Reissue— Charles Zwicker, Cor
vallls, S*.
Washington— lncrease— Thomas A. Mar-
m out. New Whatcom, $►< to $10; John L.
Wheeler. Colville. $6 to $8.
BIG SLUMP OCCURS
IN MILLING STOCK
Sensation in Wall Street Caused by
the Recent Death of Miller
Pillsbury.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Wall street
was treated to a sensation to-day by
the United States Flour and Milling
; shares. Cm Tuesday the common stock
! closed at 66. To-day It sold at 24. The
i preferred, which closed at 75 on the pre-
' ] ceding day, dropped to ;"0. Their net
I declines for the day were 3 to 25 points,
| respectively. These breaks were made
\ on light transactions, only 1100 shares
I of the common and 1300 shares of the
preferred changing hands. The street
was much exercised over the declines,
j although very little of either stock is
held by commission houses or by spec
ulators at large.
The cause of the slump of the Flour
i and Milling was the liquidation of long
I stock partially by insiders and the
withdrawal of all inside support. Offi
cers of the company stated that certain
! insiders who have had buying orders
: In the stocks ever since they were listed
1 found that the general weakness of the
I stock market was inducing liquidation
; by trade interests, and that the death
of ('. A. Pillsbury might also lead to
' liquidation. They consequently with
drew their orders and left the stocks
to take care of themselves.
Thomas A. Mclntyre, treasurer of the
company, who is regarded in Wall
I street as the most important of the di
i rectors, said:
"There is no real reason for such a
I decline. There is nothing that war
i rants it and present prices by no means
| express the value of the stocks. We are
j making money. Present earnings are,
' however, surplus for the common stock.
! I do not think that insiders will long
neglect the opportunities presented by
j the slump."
SPORTING CLUBS HAVE
FORMED A TRUST
New York Promoters of Pugilism
Enter Into an Agreement to
Pool Issues.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— The metropol
itan clubs devoted to pugilism to-day en
tered into a hard and fast agrwtnent,
which practically amounts to the pooling 1
of issues and earnings. The combine of
these clubs was formed at a meeting held
this altt-riioon, at which wore present rep
resentatives of W. A. Brady and Martin
Julian, who control the Coney Island
Sporting Club, George F. Considine of the
Broadway, and Thomas O'Rourke of the
Lenox Athletic Club. Other clubs repre
sented directly or indirectly at the meet-
Ing were the Westchester, Waverly, Peli
can, National and Greenwood.
After tile meeting it was announced
that all of the. international battlvs
nch< 'iulod to take place at Coney Island
will be transferred to the Lonnx Athletic
Club. The <mly l>ig bout that, will be de
i tded at Coney Island will be the battle
between Jeffries and Sharkey.
The pooling of these interests will make
very little difference to the public, but
it is expected that the purses will be cut
and that miarantees will be done away
with. Fighters will have no opportunity
now ci breaking their contracts with a
rlub, and it is the intention to blacklist
any one guilty of this offense.
"FIGHTING BOB" IN CHARGE.
Will See That the Course for the
Yachts Is Kept Clear.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20.— 1t has been
decided by the War, Navy and Treasury
departments that Captain Robley D.
Evans shall assume general direction of
the arrangements for policing the Colum
bia-Shamrock race course, and he will be
fully empowered to exclude any vessels
from the lines. The boats to be employed
in this police duty will be reinforced by as
many torpedo boats as can be made ready.
Copper Mines Sold
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 20.— Shannon &
Hughes are reported to have closed the
sale of their copper mines near Clifton to
the Thompson Development Company of
Butte and New York for $50<).0in>. a !arK&
plant will be erected 'on the Gila River
and a railroad built from. Doming. It is
estimated that $2,000,000 will be expended
by the purchasers in the plant and its
development.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Koon&n, 1017-1023 Mission.
Reinhold Sadler, the respondent, re
ceived at the election for the office of
Governor of the State of Nevada 314.
legal votes, and no more. That Wil
liam McMillan, the relator, received at
said election for the said office 335::
votes and no more. The court finds that
said Reinhold Sadler was duly elected
t<> said office for the term of four years,
and is now entitled thereto, and that he
is entitled to a judgment to that effect,
;mi<l judgment against said William
McMillan, the respondent, for his costs
expended in this proceeding. Judgment
is ordered to be entered accordingly."
CASHIER BEATEN
WITH A HAMMER
Brutal Attack on an Old
Man in Palatine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Frederick J.
Filbert, the aged cashier of the Pala
tine Bank, in Palatine, 111., twenty-six
miles north of Chicago, is lying close
to death as the result of an attack
made upon him to-day by a young man
who gives the name of Walter Lawton.
The latter, who is unknown to any
body in Palatine, and apparently of
good education, is in the County Jail
suffering from a bullet wound in the
abdomen, which will probably prove
fatal.
Henry Plagge, 70 years of age, a
farmer, whose intervention at a critical
moment prevented the outright murder
of the cashier, is at his home, west of
the village, cut and bruised and dis
abled, as a result of his struggle with
Lawton, whose motive for the assault,
according to his repeated statements,
was not robbery.
The attack upon Filbert was made
with a tack hammer, and the cashier
was struck at least a dozen times be
fore Plagge interfered. The attack oc
curred at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Cashier Filbert was alone in the bank
when Lawton, whom he recognized as
a visitor of last Friday, who had
eought a loan on a supposed farm, en
tered. Lawton called Filbert into the
outer office to consult a map which
hung on the wall, and started a quar
rel. Filbert is small and feeble and
could offer little resistance to Lawton,
who pounded him savagely on the head
with a small tack hammer.
Repeated blows from the sharp ham
mer cent the old man to the floor, but
his cries attracted Farmer Plagge. As
the latter entered he was met by Law
ton, who said: "Filbert is in the back
room and I guess there is something
the matter with him."
Plagge pushed open the door, and as
he stooped over the prostrate cashier
Lawton struck him three times on the
back of the head with the hammer.
The old farmer turned on his knees and
grasped his assailant about the legs.
Both fell to the floor and struggled for
the possession of the hammer.
Each in turn received blows with it
until Lawton drew his revolver. The
men fought for the weapon, and in the
scuffle for it It was discharged, the ball
striking Lawton in the abdomen.
Plaggo said he had no idea of how the
revolver was discharged.
The wound weakened Lawton so
much that, although ho still fought.
Plagge had little trouble in throwing
him to the floor and holding him until
assistance arrived.
The crowd which gathered rapidly
after the pistol shot separated the two
men and took the supposed robber to
the village look-up. He was too severe
ly wounded to offer any resistance, and
this fact was all that saved him from
violence at the hands of the excited
crowd that followed him to jail.
VOLUNTEERS' RECEPTION.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 20.—
The committee having charge of the re
ception to be given the Stanford men re
turning from the war has about complet
ed t lie' preliminary arrangements.
The quadrangle is to be beautifully
lighted and decorated. Two booths will
be arranged within the flower beds, i
whence the young ladies will dispense re- !
freshments. The Minnesota Regiment
band will occupy a band stand to be '
erected in the center of the quad, while
the corridors and walks will be used as a
promenade.
Dr. Jordan will deliver the address of
welcome on behalf of the university; John
E. Springer, '00, will speak in behalf of j
the associated students, while John W.
Switzer, '98. will reply for the soldiers.
Hospital Investigation.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 20.— The Investi-
R.-ition of the charges made against the
management of the County Hospital by
nn inmate named Early were begun by
the Board of Supervisors this morning.
But one witness has been called so far.
He testified that the hospital was prop
erly conducted as far as his knowledge
of "affairs went, and he had witnessed no
such brutality or neglect upon the part
of the attendants as had been charged
by Early. _
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
SUISSER STILL
IN SAN JOSE
Officers Refuse to Sur
render Him.
*
THEY FEAR A LYNCHING
— - — ♦
TAKES A CHEERFUL VIEW OF
HIS CASK
■ — 7~
Is Confident of Securing an Acquittal
on the Ground of Temporary
Insanity Caused by In
toxication.
Sueclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2n.— George Suisser,
who killed Sheriff Farley of Monterey
County in cold blood, still maintains his
braggadocio manner. He laughs and chats
about the killing, ajid his (.-rime appears
to be a light matter to him. To-day he
said he killed Farley by mistake, but
reiterated that it was his intention to
kill Delaney and Allen.
This forenoon Constable Allen of Sa
linas visited the jail and demanded
Sui?ser, whom he stated he wanted to
take back to Salinas, He presented a
warrant for Suisser, charging him with
the murder of rarley, which had been
sworn to by ex-District Attorney P. E.
Zabaja. I'nder Sheriff Varcoe and Jailor
Rives refused to turn over the prisonei
t<> the Constable. Coroner Muller, who
jis acting Sheriff since Farley's death,
was communicated with by telephone,
i and he told the officers to hold Suisser.
He has another warrant for the murderer,
; and besides he did not deem it wise to
1 bring him back to Salinas. Allen was
greatly disappointed.
Constable Allen went in to see Suisser,
and the latter expressed his opinion of
j the officer in not very elegant language.
, He told Allen that he had been hounding
him for tin- purpose of milking a few dol
lars in fees. "1 would have killed you,
! all right, if it had not been dark and
foggy. When I shot all 1 could see was
I the flash ot your pistol. You are not big
enough to take me bark to Salinas, for
] would beat the face off you. You could
never take me alive."
Suissf-r says he is unable to account for
; the killing of Farley. He says he did
, not know that that officer was looking
for him. Allen and Nesbitt he knew were
j after him, and he supposed he was shoot
ing at those officers. He claims he phot
i to protect himself, as the officers had no
right to go after him, as he had done
nothing.
Suisser says he will not plead crullty
and will fight for his life in the courts.
He has not engaged attorneys yet, but
expects to secure able counsel. His plea
will be temporary insanity, caused by
drink and persecution. When drinking
he says he becomes insane, and all the
people in Salinas know it. He intimates
the officers should have steered clear of
I him while he was in this condition. He
| will also attempt to prove Farley's death
i was accidental, and that he merely re
turned shots that were fired at him in
defense.
Constable Allen returned to Salinas this
afternoon.
LESS FROM KLONDIKE.
Gold Output Will Be Much Decreased
This Year.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— The Canadian
Banl: has just received word from a trust
worthy mine owner that the yield from
the Klondike mines this year will be a
third less than last year's output. On
that basis the bank figures a probable
Yield this season of about $S.Cmxi.o»)O.
Negotiations are already under way trans
ferring to this city payments for a con
siderable portion of the Klondike gold re
ceived at Seattle and San Francisco. Two
million dollars on this account will prob
ably be added to the reserves of local
banks ten days hence.
HOSPITAL BURNED.
Two Patients Believed to Have Lost
Their Lives.
NORFOLK. Va., Sept. 21.— St. Vincent's
Hospital, built at a cost of over $250,000,
was destroyed by fire at 2 o'clock this
morning.
Many of the patients were removed with
difficulty, and two who are missing are
supposed to have perished. One is an
Insane man and the other a woman. The
fire originated in the south wing on the
fifth floor.
Fisherman Found Adrift.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 20.— An Italian fish
erman drifted into this bay late this aft
ernoon In a semi-conscious condition and
refused to give his name or any informa
tion concerning himself other than to say
that he was a fisherman aud left Sausa
lito three days ago and has beer, an runs:
ever since. He Is heavy sot, about 45
years of age. and wears a blonde mus
tache. He was offerpd shelter for the
night, but he refused to come ashore,
sayingf h- 5 would remain out in hi» boat
all nlpht and start for home as soon as
the fopr raised.
Contraband Gold Seized.
NOOALES. Ariz.. Sept. 20.— A quantity
of gold bullion in bars, said to be valued
I at $10,000. was seized by the. Mexican cus
; toms officials as contraband ami eonfis
] cated. It was found in a case of bottled
' beer in the custom-house at Nogales,
I Mexico, consigned to a local firm.
Diaz Granted a Leave.
CITY OF MEXICO, Sept. 20.— The Sen
ate and Chamber of Deputies in joint ses
sion this morning at 11:30 o'clofck, by a
unanimous vote, granted to President
Diaz twenty-one days' leave of absence
to visit Chicago.
Settlement at Vallejo.
VAT.LE.IO, Sept. 20.— Admiral Kempff
is reported to have stated to President
McConnell of the Shipwrights' Union in
San Francisco that the wage question at
the navy yard will be settled in one or
two weeks.
Fiesta at Nog-ales.
NOGALES. Ariz., Sept. 20.— The fiesta
Is now in full blast. The main game it
is said lost $5500 in the last two nierhts'
play. Other gomes admit losses. Monte
ami roulette are attracting the heaviest
play.
A Grand Officer Resigns.
Miss Agnes D. Bremer of Alameda, for
many years grand recording secretary of
the Companions of the Forest of America,
and for the past two years its grand
financial secretary, has tendered her
resignation, to take effect on December 1.
Her reason for this step is illness, which
she declares prevents her from amending
to the many duties of the position.
p DP — V — <P <g — V — W — V — <P — «» — »» —^^ — «* — *»— W — <W Vi
' ■ . -.'"■-*. rf*
Electricity for Weak Men. j
' 41
; / V. I ii.'i Ther» Is nothing like ELBCTRICITT to r
« , V V /(// v\M \Mt/dr \\ ' J P uS '" e> vlm on( Tl S°*' Into- weak men or *
v \ \4u >\\<ML^M^^l^A7i^ y -''A3i{^/'y women. Drugs give but tTOiporary relief; I
.\.>vhfcwiC^i^vv^'H^s'tr^l^^»Tis^Jii>//v act merely as a. stimulant, but Electricity m
•^^CCJffIKvW M sSKV I^^SE^fe. » oes to 'all weak parts of the body in- ™
vS^\»T^OTl^V\^JR «55vwS\?Biv etantaneously, lra^ftrtlnn nature's force
JmV\2Su WiMgi>J^x-*ww& \ vNIBW thereto and doing the required work sure- d
p^^^^W^~^£>«~_Jß®B ly and In a yierwanent manner. If "run
HHHaff?^tv|lV/>f>-' '^-rtrt •CO^'ei down" In health and strength you had M
JB^W**^vwC~ ' ,k, >» C* \is4*^i better try electricity. ■ U»e an Electric ■
SHsw^ "^"^WlvT^ L**&BMn Belt, for this Is the best method of ap- ]
SSEill^Trr"*'^^' >a^yfii"^l "TfEW Pblug H. but *» sure you get a good on» 4
VHJk!«!B uJTS"J^Ws§l* i *?>nl^B'fiass^ while you are about It; In short, try "Dr. 1
CZBM'B rJ? i I 'fSSSX 9 Vri\3.~3*r* Z~ Plerce'e," for it Is guaranteed to be tli« !
,\ t] VT\ J 1 * < WMBBrl *J_i'd U b ' Bt Electric Belt on earth. C
Aii*'7, k 7v^Pr^^r!H^^r^^^ c >'A tCT-Bcoklot No. 3," free at offloo or T
Na^jfy rx N/WXS/tVtfS "* nt *"*' mall ate ' " tamp - *•!'• all
™ S^JT PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., c
KpS&'fe— 620 MARKET STREET, I
\>l > Oppo.lto P»!»c» Hot»1, San Fnnalice. ■
S |
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM-
y *♦¥ ¥ % * ;. ¥ +*+*+++++¥** ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥9¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥>^
* Profm «PBHp*KMfl AJkl^ll I A"fl Demon'
* Herbert, 1 i|r FRIPOkB Bflsfra£#on 0/ «
J Magician | B-^ B "7 V "^ I BJ lIH ♦
* to 3 12 and ■P^Ji .- « . ftaZ^ar. in Camera Free *
t to 12 a. m. and «Ol<lCfl ftwle ft« Tft ft ■». in Camera Dep't, *
J 2tosp. m. CAUFORntASUDC£ST- -AMERICA'S GRANDEST STOBE. daily, 12:30 to 5. J
* ~ 5 *
* G^ft Sewing Machine, I
t J 1 Ji fi « ;
* , W\%\\\ VMOmi%9m «
* R— *^^W r\\ \ The "Golden Rule" Sewing Machines on *
» ■lFn*"Sl\ V The " Golden Rule " Sewing Machines on *
* «^r- —^U=<l^^---^ special sale to-day, Thursday, only. The J
P^, .. °rr' ,7^l . "Golden Rule" is a high-arm, high-grade, <«
A 6101^7 J^Sf;i|^y! finely fini-hed Sewing Michine, simple in con- ♦
* \ i^VSs^'U^l'' 1 mS struction, fine working parts m the arm and very J
* \JL!~J i^^ ;^4Tl strongly pu: together. It 13 adapted to all *
* O^ll^ I *^^^!! classes of work — either p:ain or fancy. The J
* l^vlfy^^^N ; machine is guaranteed for five years and instruc-
* io^V-TTs¥^jQ^l On in its use S' ven to yon in 3* our home. It 13 <^i ii
* - Jr^Sg^^^^Wl equal to any $40 • machine on ths market. +>
r ' 'Tf^^^< -" Our regu'ar price is $21.15. Tne special nrica «'
"If • *" for to-day $16*15 V
I ' *
♦ Mouseline x^ ' Fancy For thh day only *
■*■ Scarfs 6 So /*CX * ti'teit- ; PlaitSs, Wo. we offer some «>
* Scarfs 65c iS^/53Si Plaids, We. handsome 30- «
* inn 1 4- 4. 4. 1 »i S£ *aSS' inch PlaHs and some 38 inch Mixed <•
* 100 latest Style $1 Suitings, in stylish co'orines, suitable «
$, Mouseline Scarfs, <$*^#r^r or fall and winter wear, at the very *
* with handsomely . J^l L>^ special rice ' er yard Wo J
* embroidered^^ — - c p /-. New Shape Decorated *
* ends,black,cream ' /^k^As, jm** China Sugar Bowl ani 4 1
* or White, on '^W' [ ' Or .^ jG ' Cream Pitcher, tinted J
a, '11 V. ,"4^, v ',) in pink, with delicate purple flower "
9, special sale to- 4&''^W? > *k decorations, a dainty set, regularly *
* day, Thursday, 4fc*°«&^ov - <^=^-n jL
■*• each 65c /^^^^O^ s ?^^ *
| Draperies, $& ?" is « J
» _ m' . ' G>d Draperies, k-^ui*^ / \i_~^_s/ «*
|5C Yar 29 inches wile, <?^T ■> €&3Sa -
? 6 pattern-, goo; designs, snitab'e lor gs c apa r on speciil sab this day ♦
IV m intel "Iran*? an-i all kinds of drapery on'.y for 4-3O *
$, ; urposes, regularly 8c yard, special for " ■ 1*
I hi, day only '. :.... - 6c e t of Knives, 58c. %
* Linng %^ £* m^T^ "
♦ Serge, 39c. 300 yard? of *
* 24-inclr Si k Ser e, a feooi fim quality To-day only we offer Handsome Silver- 2,
* in a variety of color?, suitable fo. Pat'd Table Knives, shell design on
j^ jacket and cape linings, regu arly 50c hanile, as shown in i lu?t-ation
i per yard, f0r......... 39c Set Of 6 for 58 O ♦
J : r- *
I Grocery and Liquor Specials |
* For Thursday, Friday, Saturday Only. *
% Cream Wheat — A wh)lesome]F/sll Paste— Cross 3 & Blackwell's. «
#i breakfast dish, re?nlarlv 3c h, for regularly 25: a jar, while our present ♦
* the 3 days 13 lbs for 25c supply lasts 180 ♦
* Rolled Oate-Eastern, regularly 3c £»f£ti£™_ ' j
» aib it lbs for 25c * 8> ' SUG > «"» *°c, is, $m.iv «
* \Grysto!a— Cleans Mke Snpo'io.speciir 2
* Corn Meal— 10-lb. sacks on speci tor the 3 days. ..per dozen 4-Oc *
* sale for tbe 3 days t6c Old Reserve Bourbon-Regu *
* Wheatine. Breakfast Gem iarlys4salion,forthe3days..£3./0 J
» and Our Mathers' Mush— White Wine— An excellent table
& Regularly 3 packages for 25c, on special qmiity, speci *1 for the 3 day 3. ner
* sale 4 packages for 25c gallon SOo *
44444444444*444*44444^
IMPORTANT STREET DECISION
A Contractor's Ignorance of the Law-
Causes His Considerable Loss.
William Ede, a street contractor,
brought an action in the Superior Court
against Joseph Cuneo and other property
owners for the foreclosure of a lien
against their property on a street assess
ment. In tl, - lower court Ede received
judgment. Final judgment was defeated
for the reason that the City Engineer
had never made an engineers certificate
of the work. It seems that the Super
intendent of Streets had tiled the assess
ment, diagram, warrant, and what pur
ported to be the engineer's certificate,
which had never been made. Notwith
standing that this was not duly, prop
erly or legally recorded, the contractor
went on with" the assessment. The Su
preme Court takes the position that pro
ceedings in street assessment are purely
statutory.
When the contractor found that there
was an irregularity in the record he
should have demanded his right, that the
engineer's certificate should be a part of
the record. He went on and accepted
such documents as the Street Superin
tendent delivered to him. In falling to
so do he lost his case. The opinion, which
is of no small importance, was written
by Justice Harrison and concurred in by
Justices Henshaw. Temple and McFar
land. Chief Justice Bcatty and Justice
Van Dyke dissented on the broad ground
that because the Street Superintendent
failed to perform his duty the contractor
should not be made to suffer the loss of
his labor and material.
- ■ ♦ •
Rough on the Contractor
Joseph Wtstall, a street contractor, is
paying dearly for his ignorance of the
law. After performing the work ot a
certain street Improvement he sued Lud
wig Altschul and others for the assess
ment. In the lower court he won, but
the judgment was reversed by the higher
court because of certain informalities
and irregularities in the procedure. On
the remittltur going down he caused the
action to be dismissed and began an ac
tion for a reassessment. Again he won
in the lower court and again he lost in
the Supreme Court, which yesterday re
versed the decision on the ground that a
reassessment can only be made ninety
days after a linal judgment and a re
versal of a case in the Supreme Court
Is not a final judgment. Under these cir
cumstances he is shut out from recover
ing for his work by the statute of limi
tations.
« m ■
Ten Minute Service to Continue
Superintendent Jordan of the butro elec
tric railroad line from Central avenue to
the Cliff House has issued orders to the
division superintendents to continue the
schedule of service during the winter
months which means that ten-minute
service will be continued during the en
tire winter, as was the case during the
summer months. Heretofore it was the
custom to take off two cars during the
winter and run fifteen-minute cars, but
this year Superintendent Jordan will con
tinue the summer schedule throughout
the entire year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1898, and for the year enuing on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
Stale of Caliiornia, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections GlO and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
APSKTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $33,432 91
Loans on Bends and Mortgages 301,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,682,59100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and othfr market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Ofllce 3,523 79
Cas-h in Banks 97,267 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest clue and accrued on Bonds
and mortgages 6.952 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 246.726 C 3
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Comi nn!»s for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets -$2.39«.523 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
LoFses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $18,984 It
Losse3 resisted, including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $54.944 67; rein-
surance 50 per cent 42,497 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
reinsurance pro rata 1,286.705 40
Total Liabilities .\ .$1.346.187 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $938,82192
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 17,790 24
Received for profit on Securities
sold 1.057 48
Profit and Loss collected 350 n 0
Special Mechanical Services 1,977 18
Total Income .11, "39. 996 74
EXPENPITrRES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) r $55.72*73
Dividends to Stockholders 60.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 220.002 80
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43.504 63
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 27.882 03
Paid for Inspections 329.157 33
All other payments and expenditures 1.i0.121 03
Total Expenditures WM.BW tS
losses incurred during the year .... $61,007 17
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I $119,728,589 $1,067,18*96
Net amount of RisksJ
expired during thel
year ' 114.059.200 1,012.034 30
Net amount in force)
December 31. 1898 I 280,000.096 Z, 566. 974 «
J. M. ALLEN. President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, ISH9-
-* HENRT E. TAINTDR.
Notary Public.
MANN & WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 S/\INSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CA.L.
Weekly Call $1.00 per Year
56
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 21, 1890.
_
JOHN D. SPRECKEUiProprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»., S..F
Telephone Main ISCB.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IK CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terrr« by Mail. Including: Portaga:
PAIT.Y CALL (including Sunday Call), one year '^'J!*!
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
IJAJI.Y CALL. (iroMtag Sunday Call), 3 months .... I**
DAILY CALL— By Sin^l* Month rt^o
SUNDAY MI. re Tear , '••''
WEEKLY CALL One V .- *•*'"
All postmasters fire authorised to recMv subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ 03 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetto Budding.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
MEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LL'KLNS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fherman House; F. O. News Co.; Great Northern H«tei;
Preuioiit House; Auilltortum Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, U. Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 300 Hayes street, OD«n untM
S^D o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Lark.ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
;S4l M'sslon street, open until 10 o'clock. 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock^
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
-"Othello."
..L a- '.Marie Antoinette," Monday evening, Septem-
,/ar— "Too Much Johnson."
use— "The Drum Major's Daughter."
and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
• ■
:r,j>la. corner Ifason ard Ellis streets— Specialties,
the — Swimming Races, etc
: Mechanics' Fair tnd Philippine Ex-
Circus — Sixteenth and Fo!som streets. Saturday, Septem-
■
'' - ": ■ s.:i:rday. September 23.
OUR IRRIGATION PROBLEMS.
W; HILE the petition to the Secretary of Agricul
ture requesting him to have El wood Mead be
ns of the department into
is ot the country, by an examina
e of California, has not been wholly com
ith, enough has been granted to be gratifying
petitioners. -Mr. Mead's sen-ices will be re
ington for the general supervision -jf
the work, but Professor H. H. Hirst of the University
i has been deputed to direct the investiga
tions here, and provision has been made for the em
ployment of assistants as far as may be necessary to
procure the prompt completion of the work.
It would have been pleasing, of course, to have had
Mr. Mead make the California investigations in per
son, since as the official chosen to make the inquiry
he could have acted with more freedom than a sub
te and probably would have carried out the
work on a more comprehensive scale, but in other
respects the change is hardly to our disadvantage.
Professor Hirst has a larger acquaintance with the
State than Mr. Mead, is already familiar with many
in the irrigation problems his chief would have
• iearn, and has naturally a keener interest in
:;ia. These advantages largely counteract any
disappointment that results from not having the chief
of the investigation to conduct the work in
and the petition, therefore, may be regarded
iving been virtually granted.
The benefits to be derived from the inquiry are
many. The Government furnishes the money re
quired to employ competent men to make a compre
hensive survey of the State and a careful study of all
the conditions that affect irrigation enterprises. When
the information is obtained, collated and digested, it
will be much easier for us to devise means for over
coming all the difficulties, whether natural or legal,
that now prevent the extension of irrigation on a
large scale in many sections of the State where it is
needed.
It is safe to say the two issues of greatest moment
to Californians are the protection of forests and the
conservation and economic use of watercourses. The
two things are but parts of one and the same problem,
and on the proper solution of that problem depends
not only the development of our prosperity, but its
maintenance. All intelligent men understand the im
portance of entering at once seriously upon the task
of dealing with those issues in a scientific manner,
and it is a matter of no little satisfaction that the
National Government has given its aid in obtaining
the data from which conclusions can be drawn as <o
the best methods of overcoming the difficulties in the
way.
As was expected, the story of the private soldier
sent to prison by General Otis for writing a letter to
the general has been explained by later information,
and it appears the reason for his imprisonment is not
that he wrote the letter but that he forged the names
that were signed to it. The papers that have made
the story an occasion for attacking Otis owe him an
apology, but they won't give it.
The war that Shakespeare knew may be the same
article that is threatening in the Transvaal, but there
it room to doubt it. The Bard of Avon wrote of the
kind that had a wrinkled front. The Boers may be
preparing to serve out that sort, but they have put
whukert on it to deceive somebody.
It will be noticed that, among the names of rail
road presidents declaring themselves in favor of doing
away with the pass system Collis P. Huntington's
does not appear. Its absence may be taken as an
indication that the Southern Pacific is still in politics.
Dreyfus has been pardoned, Guerin has surrendered.
The incident is closed, and Paris is now prepared to
welcome the world to her great exposition and enter
tain the visitors with the most attractive show of har
mony on record.
Over at Oakland they are holding a "birdless" hat
show. Milliners are hopeful that this end of the cen
tary innovation will become popular with femininity
simultaneously with the advent of the moneyless
purse.
A Los Angeles shoemaker named Bennett tried re
cently to commit suicide. He cut his windpipe with
a knife, but, contrary to expectations, did not breathe
his last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
CONSUMPTION QUARANTINE.
SINCE the proposition to qnarantine consump
tives was made by our State Board of Health
much desirable discussion has been stimulated
all over the country.
The disease is costly to civilization and appalling
in its results, because it strikes at human life in its
i most useful period. The diseases of senility, which
find in the weakness of old age an invitation to at-
I tack, strike at victims whose years are near accom
plished. Society has benefited from their physical
strength and mental vigor, and, these being ex
hausted, being already invested for the good of the
world, their call hence is a scene around which grati
tude for the past mourns sincerely, but society is not a
loser. "The young may die; the old must," is the
statement of a physical fact, and not a cynicism.
Medical science does its duty to the world by striv
ing to curb juvenile mortality. The odium of urban
life is the frightful mortality of children, not the nat
ural passing of the aged. The strength of states is
undermined when the young die in masses. What is
sorrow to a family in which children perish untimely
finally becomes to the commonwealth a menace.
When vital statistics are carefully kept and the birth
rate and juvenile death rate can be compared, the
future of a state can be accurately predicted and the
hour of its fall foretold. It is in this aspect that con
sumption is invested with a peculiar terror, and herein
is the interest of the state in its extirpation. It is a
scourge of the young. The period of its assault lies
in the twenty years between the ages of fifteen and
thirty-five.
This is the acre of adolescence and accomplishment.
The dynamic force of a nation is in its people between
those asres. Not only is that the period of their best
preparation for usefulness, but it is the period in
which the fullness of their strength passes into the
generations to be. Within that period are the pa
rental years, and the endurance needed in the nurture
of the young. Therefore, when consumption smites
a life it strikes society and the state. If it remove a
life before it reaches its majority parents may be left
forlorn for need of children to lean upon and depend
upon. Indigence follows, therefore, in the ghastly
train of consequences. If the disease cast its awful
shadow upon parents it falls across the cradle, and
infant life inherits constitutional weakness and is or
phaned at one blow.
An investigation of the final cause of crime, in
a high percentage of cases, finds behind the criminal,
poverty, and next behind its squalor, death, and next
in rank behind the grim specter gnaw the diseases
that slay between the ages of fifteen and thirty-live.
No social prudence, nor statutory care, nor institu
■ rt. can effectively replace and substitute the
;n the chain of cause and effect, which is broken
by the preventable diseases that destroy in that period
of twenty years. It is, therefore, the span which
science must patrol as a sentry, set to guard the life
of the state against an enemy.
We teach law and medicine in our State universi
ties — why? That the State may train men and women
to defend it in the war against crime and the war
against death. It is not merely to equip them, at
public expense, to make personal profit in a learned
profession, but to raise up a loyal guild whose mem
bers shall save to the State the strength of its people
in their most serviceable years, and shall preserve its
noblest crop, its oncoming men and women. Every
life saved in that period of twenty years economizes
for the State by lessening the risk of indigence and
shortening the calendar of the criminal court. In
place of paupers to be fed and criminals to be chained
it puts men who walk uprightly, filled with the sap of
life, gendered by a stout ancestry, and to be the fore
bears of a strong posterity. In these interests the
State takes its jurisdiction and derives among its po
lice powers the right to curb an endemic infection.
We have no doubt, as a proposition of law, that the
State can enforce isolation, the disinfection of sputum
and other useful sanitary rules, to limit the infection
of consumption. Typhoid fever is a secondary
scourge, but the police statutes of the State canonize
against the pollution of potable waters by dejections
and other means of charging them with the microbe of
typhoid. The State makes such pollution a misde
meanor and lays upon it a heavy hand. But the
State, as yet unawakened to the fact that pollution of
the air is easier than pollution of water, has no statute
against excretion of sputum in the street filled with
vital germs of consumption that are sure to reach the
air passages of unsuspecting hundreds, to find their
first lodgment and germinate in the larynx, produc
ing that peculiar sore throat that foreruns consump
tion, from there to spread and destroy the lung. The
State provides inspectors to watch the moths that
deposit germs in the bloom of fruit trees, whence is
sue worms that penetrate and destroy the pulp. The
origin and progress of the bacilli of consumption are
not widely different.
Of course a State quarantine raises a series of inter
esting legal questions. It is a restraint of personal
freedom. If established its first case would take out
a writ of habeas corpus, and the issue would go to
judicial trial. A decision would probably overthrow
the quarantine, but it would greatly illuminate the
problem and be of inestimable value in focusing
public attention upon its importance.
Hon. John Barrett, former Minister to Siam, is au
thority for the statement that Secretary Hay warned
him, just prior to his departure from Washington, to
be careful of his utterances, the inference left to be
deduced being that Barrett might unthinkingly let
out a state secret or two. Let Secretary Hay be as
sured to the contrary. A? long as Mr. Barrett pep
pers the intellectual feast he offers with the liberal
doses of the personal pronoun he has used so far on
his tour the country is safe.
THE WASTE OF THE FORESTS.
SOMETHING of gratification will be felt by all
who appreciate the value of our forests in the
announcement that the Government has under
taken a thorough investigation of the forests on the
national reserves with the intention of prosecuting
all persons guilty of wasting them or illegally cutting
timber from them.
One of the officers of the Government employed in
the investigation who has been at work in Washing
ton reports the discovery of extensive frauds car
ried out by timber companies under the forms of law
and with such cunning as will seemingly prevent
their prosecution. The inspector in describing the
operations of the frauds is reported to have said:
"Prior to the establishment of reserves many thou
sands of acres of valuable timber lands were patented
by logging and lumber companies. To such as held
deeds the Government offered to give an equal acre
age of timber lands at other points, but neglected to
set a date of exchange. These great companies at
once put to work an extra force of men and by keep
ing them hard at work soon had their patent cleared
of all timber; then under the law they presented the
land to the Government, selecting in return the most
valuable timber land that could be secured. In other
words, they have been 'double shooting the turn.' and
in many cases where it was the intention of the Gov
ernment to preserve a timbered area it has on its
' hands nothing but a stump acreage wholly devoid of
material for parks."
Of course where cutting has been done in that way
it will not be easy to prove criminal intent on the
part of the crafty companies. The Government was
at fault in giving them the option to exchange their
lands for others at any time that suited their con
venience. Naturally they have taken advantage of
the option to make all the profit possible without re
; gard to the waste of the forests or the fairness of the
exchange.
While it is not likely anything can be done to
prosecute past offenders in that way, it will be in the
power of the Government to prevent similar frauds in
the future, and that appears to be the intent of the in
vestigation. The work of prevention, moreover, can
not be undertaken too early, for, as the inspector
says: "The forest reserves of Western Washington
are badly broken up, and it will take years of culti
vation and care before they are as good as those in
the eastern part of the State, which were not so heav
ily patented when the law was passed."
The activity of the Government in this respect is
the more gratifying because it is in line with the gen
eral movement for forest protection throughout the
Union. Of course the National Government cannot
act everywhere, but it can set an example to the
States which those that are under the control of en
lightened legislators will follow.
By way of preventing white men from marrying all
the heiresses in the tribe the Chickasaw Legislature
has fixed the license for such marriages at $iooo.
; and the example might be followed with profit in New
York to check the drain of rich girls from that city
by titled Britons.
GOVERNMENT IN ASIA.
THE country needs that men who influence pub
lic opinion stand by their guns. President
Schurman of Cornell says now: "I consider
it a pity that the Filipinos do not recognize that the
best thing in the world for them would be to acknowl
edge American sovereignty."
When sovereignty has to be forced upon a people
, by conquest and arms, no matter if it appear to the
sovereign the best tiling in the world for the subjects,
they never take it that way. Therefore it has to be
: maintained over them by force. The sovereignty, oi
' necessity, becomes a military despotism, and the
. slightest relaxation of military vigilance is at once
met by an outbreak and armed resentment We are
going to put down existing resistance in the Philip
pines. There is no doubt of that, but when it is done
we are over only the least of our troubles in that
■ quarter. American contempt for what we regard as
i the inferior races was never more active than now.
It seems to be an established trait in our national
character. It is that sentiment which made our men
in the Philippines feel that the natives had none of
the rights of human beings on the soil where they
', were born. Holding others and inferiors in subjec
tion has never yet deepened the noble characteristics
of any people. The master has always degenerated
and the subject has always suffered.
In August, 1898, President Schurman said: "This
republic, whose soul is self-government, does not
want Asiatic dependencies or the military despotism
they would entail. The proximity of Cuba made its
misgovemment our affair, but we are not called upon
to rectify the tyrannies of India or of Asia. Nor are
we under any obligations to Aguinaldo and the- in
surgents. Let us keep to our own hemisphere, seek
ing only naval stations in the Oid World."
As Commissioner Schurman he now counsels a
I course that leads straight to a military despotism as
i the only form of government possible of institution in
those distant islands. The effect of English rule in
Asia was for years the subject of unfavorable com
ment in this country. Now that has ceased, and our
imperialists point to that rule as a model of benefi
cence and an example that lures us to imitation.
One Sunday last May something was said in West- |
bourne Park Chapel, London, to a "British audience
about empire in India. The speaker was Dadabhai ;
Navoji, a Hindoo, who represents an English con- j
i stituency in the House of Commons. He said that as I
the United States, hitherto a devotee of the Monroe !
doctrine, had abandoned it and appeared to share in I
the imperialism of the world, the American people (
would look to imperial government in India as an I
example to follow or to avoid. Then followed a ter
rible arraignment of England's government in India, j
He said: "An oriental despot when he misgoverned
acted, so to speak, like a butcher, and people were
astounded and horrified; but this new despotism of j
civilization rather resembled a murder effected by a
clever but unscrupulous surgeon who drew all the
blood from his victim while leaving scarcely a soir j
upon his skin. Moreover, if under oriental despotism j
the results to the individual were serious, they at
least were not so terrible to the country. A par
ticular victim was no doubt despoiled of his fortune,
but some favorite benefited and the money at least
', remained in the country, whereas the British system
of despotism took away year by year a greater por
tion of the wealth of India, with the result that to
day the Indians are the poorest people in the world.
Lord George Hamilton talked glibly of the manner in
which British empire in India had been built up by
the spilling of British blood and the spending of Brit
ish treasure. But much of the blood . was Indian,
while, as to the treasure, not a farthing of it was Brit
j ish. They had, on the contrary, constrained ,the
wretched natives to contribute the whole cost, and
were still drawing from India year by year millions
; upon millions, to the still greater impoverishment
and destruction of the Indian people. Lord Salisbury
himself had said that India must be 'bled,' and ad
mitted that India was injured by the drain that was
constantly going on in the exportation of so much
revenue without any equivalent, and went on to say
I that the great mass of the people, the agricultural
! community, had no more blood remaining in them,
1 and the lancet must be applied where the blood was
I congested. The lot of the unhappy Indian is some
■ what worse than that of the negro slaves of America
in the old days, for the masters had an interest in
keeping them alive for their money value. But if an
Indian or a million of Indians died there was another
or other millions to take their places and be the
slaves of British officials in their turn. The average
j annual income per head of the people of the British
isles is £41; of the people of India it is 25 shillings
(six dollars and a quarter.)"
In other words, England is in India for commercial
purposes, and this country is asked to make Asiatic
i conquests for the same purposes. If these are gained.
j by what different process will they be accomplished?
The British and the Boers are doing as much fight
ing talk without fighting as any two prize ring cham
pions, and perhaps the challenging and counter chal
lenging will end in much the same way.
Coroner Hill has gone to Merced to put in a couple
of weeks shooting rabbits. He might have saved
himself the journey and continued in the city splitting
hairs for the railroad company.
IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Yes, Victory Awaits Our Boys. But — From Life.
VOTE OF THE FARMERS ON EXPANSION
Verdict of 20,000 Farmers is Against Hold
ing the Filipinos in Subjection.
AS 70 per cent of the population of the United States still live In the country
and the small towns, the opinions of the dwellers in large cities on na
tional questions is of less relative weight than many might suppose. A
plebiscite of 20,000 farmers in all parts of the country on our expansion
problems, which has just been completed by Farm and Home (Springfield.
Mass.). has therefore unusual value. More than half of the farmers who
voted are from the Central West and the Middle States, which decided the 1895
election, and the rest are divided about equally between the New England, the
Southern and the Pacific Coast States, so that the whole country is represented.
Following are the most important of the questions and replies:
Should the Filipinos be held in subjection to the United States, or
should they be allowed to form an independent government?
Independent 12,520
Subjection 8.416
Should Cuba be free and independent or should It be annexed to the
United States?
Independent • 13.199
Annexed • 7,362
Should Puerto Rico be free and independent or should it be annexed to
Cuba or to the United States?
Annexed to United States 11,987
Independent 6,004
Annexed to Cuba 1,746
Should there be free trade between the United States and Cuba, Puerto .
Rico and the Philippines?
No 1,833
Yes 9,327
Should coolie or contract labor be permitted In Hawaii or other tropical
dependencies in defiance of the United States contract labor, laws?
No ? 18,055
Yes 1,151 -.-. ~
Should the United States Senators be elected direct by the people?
Yes • • 16.643
No 1.236
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. Doc C. Barnhart, a capitalist of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Lick.
W. J- Dickey, one of the big men of
Fresno, is a late arrival at the Lick.
A. E. Grogan, a prominent hotel man of
Paicines, is at the California on a short
visit to the city.
W. B. Chamberlain and J. S. Maynard, i
two globetrotters from England, are j
guests at the Occidental.
G. L. Ernst, W. Ziervogel and M. I
Herkel are three travelers frorj; Germany,
who are staying at the Palace.
Chris Dormer is making a visit of plpas
ure to this city from his home in Clayton,
and is to be found at the Russ.
Dr. M. Rockman, a physician of Mis
soula, is one of the Montana contingent
who arrived here yesterday and went to
the Grand.
J. M. Campbell, one of the leading and
most influential citizens of Dunsmuir, has
come down to the city, and is at the Russ ,
j for a short stay.
Dr. and Mrs. N. A. Mossman are among
the prominent people of New York who
arrived in the city yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace.
Judge J. M. Manning and Morris Hirsch,
a prominent attorney of Ukiah, are reg
istered at the Lick, where, they arrived
last night from Uklah.
O'Brien Moore, a prominent member of
Washington society, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday from his
home in the nation's capital.
Rev. George Hendyer and David Paulin, !
two eentiemen from Scotland who are
traveling for pleasure, are staying at the i
Palace, where they arrived yesterday.
J. E. and H. C. Richards of Butte, \
Mont., are at the Palace, awaiting the ;
j volunteers from their State who are ex- j
I pected to arrive within the next few days, j
G. M. Pock, a wealthy cattleman of j
■• Stockton, is among the recent arrivals at i
the Grand. He comes to the city on a j
trip which combines business and pleas
ure.
Edward S. Drew, a prominent business
man of Boston, Is a guest at the Palace, j
Mr. Drew is in the city attending to some j
I investments which he made when here j
before.
Among the military arrivals at the Oc- ;
cidental are a number of officers of the j
Thirtieth Infantry who prefer hotel ac- ;
j commedations to those of the Presidio j
barracks.
W. H. Winters and John F. Firch. two j
capitalists from Butte, are at the Grand, j
awaiting the arrival of the transport
Which is carrying the Montana boys home
from the war.
Governor Smith of Montana desires all '
the people of his State who are now in i
this city awaiting the arrival of their ;
boys from the Philippines to meet at the
Occidental at 10 o'clock this morning, in I
order that some arrangements may be j
I made to receive the volunteers as soon as
I they pass within the Golden Gate.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— R. White of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman; Fred Rock
well and Albert Clark of San Francisco
are at the Netherland; John Harney and
wife of Los Angeles are at the Marlbor
ough; D. A. Seymour of San Francisco la
at the Cosmopolitan.
One-Sided.
"When I began my spring fishing," said
Colonel Spicer. "I was actuated by a bril
liant idea, and I called upon an enterpris
ing flßherman with whom I had done some
business on former occasions. I said to
him: 'Every time I go fishing this sea
son and don't catch anything I will buy
enough from you to exhibit and eat But
every time I catch more than I want I
will bring th.-m in. and you can give me
credit for them.' Thus I was enabled to
always have good luck."
"How did you come out at the end of
the season?" asked Major Juniper.
"Well," said the colonel, "I just got a
note from the fisherman, saying he was
going to place the account in the hands
of a lawyer."— Life.
And He Kept His Church.
Tt was rumored in the city of Provi
dence awhile ago that the pastor of the
Center Church was about to marry a cer
tain Miss S., a beautiful young society
woman, but belonging to the Episcopal
Church. The good people of the pastor's
church talked it over, and came to the
conclusion that he might choose more
THE SECRET SOCIETY
That incited the insurrection in the
Philippines — Its irside history and
secrets revealed.
THE WOMEN OF THE DREYFUS CASE,
Who they are and the parts they
played.
FOUR DAIS OFTPILOT-EOAT,
The exciting lie of the hardy men
who guide ships into our harbor.
FATHER McKINNOnT
The soldier-priest
THE INDIAN
Who claims Lake Tahoe as his
heritage.
STORY OF THTUEST TUGBOAT
On the Pacific Coast
THRILLING EXPERIENCES
Of an Irish regiment in a thunder-
storm — One of the most remark-
able incidents recorded in the
English War Department.
THE WAR TELEGRAPHERS .
Meet and swap stones. ,
STEPHEN CRAnTsThRILLING STORY
"Active Service.' 1
housekeeperslepartment
And a host of interesting Features
IN NEXT SUNBATHALL,
wisely. Finally, it was left to the elders
to wait upon and expostulate with mm.
They visited him and expressed to him
the feelings of the church. The pa9tor
listened patiently till. they were through,
and then laconically remarked: "Gentle
men, there is more than one Congre
gational church in the world; there is but
one Miss S."— Life
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ADMIRAL— F. F., City. The rank of
admiral is known in other than the Uni
ted States navy, foe instance, Great
Britain. France and Spain.
THE LAND OF NOD— A. M. H., Cltv.
After Cain slew Abel he went to the Land
of Nod and took unto himself a wife, but
who the one was that he took to wife
has never been explained in either sacred
or profane history.
DIAMONDS— H. and Q., City. Dia
monds are pure carbon crystallized. They
are the hardest of all known substances,
will scratch other minerals! and gems ana
can be cut only by their own dust. Dia
mond is infusible, but will burn at a high
temperature, as. for instance, before th'
blowpipe in air or in oxygen gas. When
burned it will not resolve into charcoal.
ASSUMED NAME— G. T. C. Oakland.
This correspondent asks: "If a person
was married under an assumed name
twenty yean ago, Is that marriage legal
now?" The question is too general to ad
mit of an answer, aH there may be con
ditions that would render the marriage as
valid as if the party bad given the true
name or there may be such that would
render It Invalid. Without a knowledge
of the facts of the case an answer cannot
be given.
POSITIONS-L. P.. Oakland. Cal. The
Southern Pacific Company has no occasion
to offer any position's in its offices, a3
there are more applicants than vacancies.
An applicant for any position in the com
pany should, unless he is acquainted wtih
some of the heads of departments, address
a communication to "The Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company, Market and
Montgomery streets, San Francisco, Cal.,"
setting forth desire of the applicant, qual
ifications and recommendations. It will
be referred to the proper department, and
a reply will be sent. The same course
should be followed as to the express com
pany asked about.
ETIQUETTE AND STATIONERY—
Subscriber, Sulphur Creek, Colusa County,
Cal. Etiquette demands a certain adher
ence to conventional forms In regard to
the size and shape of the paper and en
velopes used in writing letters of friend
ship, congratulations, condolence, etc.
Beyond a compliance with this general re
quirement each individual can use a per
sonal preference as to what tint shall be
chosen, what style of monogram. if any,
shall be Impressed, and whether the
sheets of paper shall be plain or grained
and rough. A gentleman may have a
monogram on his paper and envelopes if
he so desires without transgressing on
! the rules of etiquette; that is a matter of
| individual taste, but the requisite Is that
the stationery be of good quality, the
handwriting plain and the style simple.
IMPEACHMENT— J. H.. City. The Con
stitution of the United States, article I,
section 3, directs how the President and
other civil officers shall be tried. It pro
vides that "the Senate shall have the
sole power to try all impeachments. "When
sitting for that purpose the members shall
be on oath or affirmation. When the
I President of the United States is tried,
I the Chief Justice shall preside; and no
! person shall be convicted without the
concurrence of two-thirds of the members
present." Under this organic law, the
House of Representatives impeaches or
! makes the charges against the officer ac-
I cused, the articles being practically the
same as the counts in an indictment. The
impeachment is sent to the Senate, a
! copy is served on the accused and the
House of Representatives appoints a com
mittee of members as managers or prose
cutors of the impeachment. When the
Senate is convened as a court, the man
agers on the part of the House, and the
counsel for the accused, are summoned
to appear before it; and the trial pro
ceeds much the same as trials of other
causes of large interest. In the Impeach
; ment of Federal officers other than the
i President the same course Is followed cx
i cept that the President of the Senate pre
! sides.
«•«
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend ». •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
I Press Clipping Bureau (.Allen's;, 510 Mont
I tomtry street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Chinese Exhibitors.
Last Sunday night 107 Chinese artists,
acrobats, actors, mechanics and booth at
tendants for the Philadelphia exposition
arrived on the steamer Coptic, ana will
be landed under direction of the Secre
tary of the Treasury.
Northern Pacific Railway.
fpholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. This
car is nicely upholstered in leather and is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect. Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on even*
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to all points
East. T. K. Sta:eler, Gen. A£t, 63S Market au,
San Francisco. _
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
by Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.ROILERMAKERS'
STRIKE IS NOW
GETTING SERIOUS
It May Give the Port
"a Black Eye."
MEN PRESENT AN ULTIMATUM
«.
WANT AN EIGHT HOUR DAY ON
GOVERNMENT WORK.
Ail Chartered Steamers Must Ec Con
sidered Government Vessels and
Pay Accordingly — The Work
Will Be Done Elsewhere.
• ■ . ■ - .-- - ■• ,
The boiler makers' strike reached the
acute stago yesterday. The men want an
eight-hour day on all vessels chartered to
the Government, and if their demand la
not granted within twenty-four hours
they assert that the rule will be made
to apply to private contracts also. Uncle
Sam, they say, made the eight-hour law
ar.d he must live up to it. A private
contract on a Government ship must be
considered a Government job as far as
the hours of labor are concerned, and if
that point Is not conceded, then the eight
hour law will be made to apply to all
work done by boiler makers.
The above ultimatum was given yes
terday afternoon In the office of the
transport quartermaster on Folaom street
wharf. A conference had been called to
Bee whether some understanding could
not be reached. There were present Cap
tains Barneson and Buuhelder and Su
pervising- Engineer Matthews of the
transport service, H. C. Tabrett, marine
superintendent, and M. Arnold, manager
of the Risdon Iron Works; L. lieyne
mann, secretary; W. L. Criglar, marine
superintendent, and Peter P. Phelan,
head boiler maker of the Fulton Iron
Works; James Ryan, G. Lillis. Jack Mit
chell, Frtd Murphy and J. Furlong of
the Boiler Makers" Union, and John Bul
ger, United States Inspector of boilers.
Mr. Bulger was chosen as the arbitrator,
but in spite of his best efforts he could
not bring the two parties to an under
standing.
Captain Barneson in a straightforward,
luamy manner explained to tne men the
Government's position in the matter.
"Boys," said he, "1 want you to get your
rights as much as you do yourselves. As
far as the Government is concerned, I
think i can promise you, in the name of
Major Long, an eight-hour day and dou
ble pay for overtime. That of course
•wIU oniy refer to Government work. On
a chartered learner we have nothing
whatever to do with repairs to the boil
ers, except in the ordering of the work
done. For instance, we charter a vessel
and the lirst thing we do is to send an
inspector over her. He reports that the
borers require retublng, and we notify
the owner that the work must be done
before we will accept the vessel. Now
the owner of that vessel employs whom
be pleases to do the work and he foots
the bill. We have nothing whatever to
do with it, and 1 certainly fall to see
how you can make it out to be a Gov
ernment job.
••On the Warren, Arizona, Grant, Sheri
dan. Sherman, Relief and other vessels
owned by the Government you will get
what you ask, but to my mind chartered
vessels like the George W. Elder, Ta
coma, Zc-alandla, Valencia, Centennial,
Char.- Nelson and others should be con
bidered ns outside Jobs, as the owners
have to pay for the repairs."
The boiler-makers listened to Captain
Barnepon quietly and then retired to talk
the matter over among themselves. In
tpector of Boilers Bulger went with them
and the whole matter was gone carefully
over. Mr. Bulger counseled the men to
ir;uke certain concessions, but he lulled
to influence the boiler-makers. They re
turned to the meeting room and gave it
us their ultimatum that any vessel com
ing here to enter the transport service
should be considered a Government vessel,
and the job a Government job.
For this they would demand ten hours'
pay for an eight-hour day and double pay
on that scale for overtime.
"Take care, boys, that you are not cut
ting oft your nose to spite your face." said
Captain Barneson. "I consider that you
are going the right way to drive trade
away from the city. Remember that we
cannot get American tonnage to transport
the troops, and that foreign vessels are
being- chartered in numbers. Remember
that there is nothing to prevent these for- I
eign owners from having their repair |
work done where they please. All we re- j
quire is that the transport will pass our
Inspectors. We do not care who does the
work so long as It is done in a workman- :
like manner. Remember that many of
these transports which the Government is
negotiating fcr are coming from Austra
lia and China, and that If you insist upon ;
your demands the owners will have the
work done at Sydney, N. S. W., or at
Hongkong, and for God's sake don't let it
go abroad that an American workingman !
held up his own Government in an emer- |
gency. '
There was a long pause after Captain
Barneson had finished and then Ryan,
acting as spokesman for the boller-mak
ere, said they would give the Iron works
people twenty-four hours to consider their I
proposals, and if their demands were not
granted In that time they would ask for
still further concessions.
The representatives of the different iron '
works are going- to sleep on the men's de
mands to-night and will give their dcci- I
sion to-morrow. In the meantime the !
steamer Bristol was to have come here i
for an overhauling, but she will now go '
to Seattle, where the work will be done. !
The Glenogle requires considerable work,
but she may he parsed by the inspectors
and the work will be done at Hongkong ■
or she may go to Puget Sound and be
outfitted there. The Lenox that was to i
come here from Portland may remain on
the Columbia River nnd be overhauled
there. All In all. the outlook is not very \
promising: for the port.
THE UNION ATTITUDE.
Statement That the Strike Will
Not Affect the Transport
Work.
San Francisco. September 20, 1899.
Editor Ran Francisco Call, City— Dear
Sir: The Executive Committee of the
JOE COCHRANE, HENCHMAN
OF CHRIS BUCKLEY, DEAD
OLD Joe Cochrane, who In the days of political chaos swung the Demo
cratic vote of the Barbary Coast in keeping with the dictates of the
"Blind White Devil," passed away at the City and County Hospital
yesterday morning. His death was not unexpected. It was simply the
fading away of a life spent in activity and good-fellowship, capped now and.
then and at last crowned with a period of dissipation, A few weeks ago it
was found that this dead henchman of Buckley was ill and penniless. It was
only after vigorous protestations that he consented to be' removed to- the
hospital, he thought — others knew— to die. He did not survive long- after
entering 1 the public care, and yesterday the end came. Whether or not he
will -'Ind a pauper's grave remains to he seen. He has done much for some,
and !t Is true that he has "done" others; but still there are those who say
that some of the friends he befriended in days gone by should see that his
tomb is not marked with a number, as though he were numbered among the
unknown or friendless dead.
Joe Cochrane. first came to public notice through his efforts on behalf of
Chris Buckley when Buckley's position In the arena of politics was not to be
envied. When Buckley came into power, however. it seems that he forgot
Joe, but Joe never forgot his ingratitude. Deserted by Buckley, but stand
injr'on the name ho seined as a supporter of the "Blind White Dcvi!." he
passed many are hours selling positions on the police force to the passing
"Rubes." For each position/or rather offer, he exacted $400 from the would
be* "cop." No position would be forthcoming and then there would be trouble.
He was forced to defend himself against several of these actions, but always
escaped conviction. ! From the court he would go forth to the street and sell
another position on the force, but finally things became too warm in that
line and Cochrane abandoned the pursuit Shortly after he began the not
unusual occupation of giving the uninitiated experience in the line of police
duty for the sum of **00 each. Buckley for a. time again picked him up. Then
Cochrane spent his wealth grained from many fruitful sources "perpetuating
Chris" At "the same time. Chris was perpetuating himself, banking his
money and buying bonds. Chris is still alive and wealthy, but the last food
Cochrane lifted to his lips was purchased from the coffers of public charity.
San Francisco Labor Council respectfully
asks you to publish the following: Th->
strike of the boilermakers on the trans
ports for ihe eight-hour day will, if not
settled shortly, result in the delay of
these transports. Tills the- hoilermukers
regret, but as they" only ;; <lc for the rights
wanted th«m by the Federal eight-hour
law. rights now granted by the contract
ors to the members of the other trades
I needed in the repair of the transports,
i the beiiermakers cannot be held re
sponsible for this delay. They believe
that the Government in letting thes.- con
tß has allowed the contractors
emergency prices, and they refuse to be
discriminated against any longer.
Granted the eight-hour Jay, they nr.> will
ing, as they have done In the past, to
overtime.
On Septembor 9 the boilermakers em
ployed by the Risdon. the Fulton and th<-
Eureka boiler works made a successful
demand for the eight-hour day for work
on transports. The Union iron Works
alone continued to work its men ten
hours. On September 13 the secretrirv of
the i-abor Council, upon the urgent ap
peal of the Boilermakers' I'nion to the
j Labor Council, had Prank A. Hearn
swear to a complaint against the Union
Iron Works for the violation of th~ F.-d
--oral eight-hour law on '.he transport Han
cock, un September IT appeared a state
ment in the newspapers that on the
■ previous day the manager of the Union
ir>>n 'Works ha<l produced before United
States Commissioner Heacock letters
' from Washington to the i fleet that work
on the Hancock was emergency w..rk.
Thereupon the Commissioner dismissed
i the case. At 4 p. m. on the Bame day. the
j 16th, the boilermakers in the- Risdon
■ were asked to go back to the nine-hour
' system. This they refused and the
present strike is the result. The boiler
makers In the Fulton were also asked to
return to nine hours and likewise refused.
The Eureka boiler works, now repair
ing: tho transport Centennial, adhered to
the eight-hour system and its boilei-
I makers are now at work and the Centen
nial will suffer no delay.
Some statements have been made that
POLICE JUDGE THOMAS F. GRAHAM
the strike ot the bollermaUers wni cause
the transport work to be taken away
from San Francisco. There certainly is
no fear of that. The bo'lermakers on
Puget Sound, as well organized as those
here, will Insist on their rights, and be
-. the contractors in this city when
• i nfronted with the loss of this work,
either to Pug^t Sound or Hongkong, will
quickly prant the boilermakers their just
demands.
Professor Ely once said: "The trouble
lies what to do with the twentieth man.
Nineteen employers will grant fair con
ditions to their workmen, the twentieth,
only considering his profits, refuses and
ultimately forces the other nineteen to
his level." Had the Union Iron Works
acted like Its competitors, this strike
would not have occurred.
I am, by order of the Executive Com
mittee of the San Francisco Labor
Council, Yours respectfully.
ED. ROSEN'UKRG.
Secretary.
THE CHEAPEST
EXCURSION YET
To Lake Tahoe and Return for §10,
Including Sleeper.
The last Lake Tahoe excursion this
season Is to take place Saturday, Octo
ber 7, so It was announced by General
I'as^enger Agrent Goodman yesterday,
and the round trip rate from bay points
1? to be only $10, which includes sleep
ing car berth and the steamer trip
around the lake.
This is really one of the most remark
ably cheap excursions ever offered to a
pleasure-loving people, and should at
tract a large number.
The return trip grants until Monday
morning following, and gives excur
sionists all day Sunday on and around
the lake. Tickets may b«» purchasei
and accommodations secured at once
at 613 Market street, the Southern Pa
eiflc ticket office.
War Tax Stamps on Leases.
John 11. Speck waived examination yes
terday before United States Commissioner
Heacock and was held for trial before the
United States District Court on the charge
of failing to affix a war tax stamp to a
lease.
TTJE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1599.
BLACK EKE FOR
THE NOTORIOUS
HOTEL NYMPHIA
— ♦ —
North Beach Resi
dents Win a Victory.
— « —
VERDICT AGAINST LANDLORDS
TWINKLING STAR DIRECTORS
ARE CONVICTED.
— ♦ —
Jury Takes but Fifteen Minutes to
Reach a Decision — Sentence
Deferred One Week — Chief
Lees May Close Cribs.
The notorious Hotel Nymphla, corner of
Pacific and Stockton streets, has received
what should prove its death blow and the
residents of North Beach who have
worked day and night to obliterate this
festering sore from their midst have won
a well earned victory.
After a tria! extending over a month,
two weeks being occupied in obtaining a
jury, a verdict of guilty was obtained in
Judge Graham's court yesterday against
B. P. Blumenthal, L. P. E. Prey. Emile
i Kehrlein and Valentine H. Kehrlein, who
i with W. 11. Richards constitute the
board Of directors of the Twinkling Star
Improvement Company, the sweet-scented
corporation that ie responsible for the ex
istence of the infamous resort. The
charge on which these men were con
victed was "letting premises, knowing j
that the same were to be used for the pur
poses of prostitution," and the Jury that
rendered the verdict was composed of:
A. L. Alderson, L. Harter. F. V. Peterson,
M. Meyer, Henry Beckman, Edward Bul
lard, H. O. Tibblts, M. Brandensteln, W.
H. Thompson, Paul Keyser, Charles Leist
1 and H. Hopkins.
The penalty is six months' imprison
ment, $r,OO tine, or both, and Judge Gra
ham will pass sentence next Wednesday
unless an. appeal is taken. The immediate
I result of the conviction, it is believed, will
| be the closing of the "cribs" by Chief
Lees, and if this is done those who have
labored so hard to accomplish this end
will feel that their labors have not been
i in vain. The fact that Director Richards
I was not convicted with the rest of the
gang was due to the fact that he could
I not be found by the police.
The evidence adduced at the trial
I showed a deplorable condition of moral
! depravity and the lengths to which some
creatures In the guise of men will go in
order to gain a few filthy dollars. Attor- I
| ney Joseph Dunne, who represented the
defendants, sought to show that his
clients did not rent the premises to the
- unfortunate outcasts who occupy the
I cribs for a few hours each day or night,
but this contention was speedily shown
to be false by their own witnesses under
the rigid and skillful cross-examination
I of Attorney ,T. J. Barrett, who prosecuted
; the case for the North Beach residents.
Blumenberg swore that the Nymphia
i whs leased to a woman known as Lillie
Dale, and the latter took the stand in
support of this assertion, but her testi
mony alone was sufficient to convict the
defendants she was so anxious to shield
from the consequences of their shameless
greed. She swore that she rented the
place for $'.00 a month; that the "hotel"
contained ninety rooms, or cribs, and that
since July 1 of this year the largest num
i ber that were unoccupied on any one day
was forty-seven, and the smallest num
[ ber was thirty. From each occupant she
1 received $3 a day, and the monthly reve
nue amounted to about $4000. This money
i she claimed she kept In her husband's
I safe In his saloon across the street, but
! on cross-examination she admitted that I
i she had not paid any rent, and that there i
was not a thousand dollars In the safe.
1 Of course the defendants expected the
| Jury to believe that they leased the place
to the woman without insisting on the
payment of the rent or without an ac
counting of any sort.
F. Venture was one of the principal
witnesses for the prosecution, and he tes
tified that Blumenberg In soliciting him
1 to buy stock in the Twinkling Star Com
'< pany told him that his scheme was to
i have every fallen woman in the city
; take rooms in the "hotel." It was shown
; that the women who rent the cribs are
I the exiles from Qulncy alley. Bacon piace
! and St. Mary's place, and they were in
! the habit of occupying the cribs but a
few hours during the day or night. They
; had their homes elsewhere. Lieutenant
I of Police Martin and Officer Clark, who
I had been detailed on the case by Chief
I Lees to assist Mr. Barrett, also gave
1 damaging testimony against the defend
ants. The Jury was out less than fifteen
minutes. Judge Graham announced that
he would pass sentence next Wednesday.
The Tight against the Hotel Xymphla
has been waged ever since the scheme to
1 colonize immorality and vice In the neigh
borhood of Stockton and Pacific streets
was rt'-st given publicity. As originally
planned the ?pcon<l Moor of the main
building was intended for a big saloon,
but Attorney Barrett, acting on behalf of
th» residents In th- vicinity, went before
I the Police Commissioners nnd success
fully opposed the application for a licence.
Mr. Barrett also went before the Bcurd
i of Supervisor* when a petition was pre- |
I sented by the Twinkling Star Improve- I
ment Company asking to be- allowed to !
I alter the basement of the building facing
! or. Stockton street, which was to form I
! the west win? of the "hotel," and secured
the nonage of « resolution declaring the
| place ft public nuisance. '
Valley Lodge WilTEntertain.
Valley I/orlgo of the Ancient Order of !
I Workmen will on to-night give another
\ complimentary entertainment under the
auspices of Its social club in Union Square
; Halt. There will be a fine programme of ,
atereopticon views, vocal and Tnstrumen- i
, tal music, fancy dancing and character i
i specialties, to be followed by dancing and
[ refreshments.
DR. SUSSDORF
TENDERS HIS
RESIGNATION
Will Leave the County
Hospital.
DR. HODGHEAD SUCCEEDS HIM
BOARD OF HEALTH SLATE DID
NOT GO THROUGH.
Almshouse Employes Were Listed to
Leave, but Internal Dissen
sions Postponed the
Hegira a Week.
Dr. O. E. Sussrlorf, Superintendent
Physician of the City and County Hos
pital, tendered his resignation to the
j Board of Health at Its regular meeting
i last night. It was accepted and Dr. I). A.
EJodghead was elected to succeed him.
Dr. Sussd./rf gave as the reason for hisß
resignation, which Is to be in effect onl
ber 1. that his health is rapidly fail- jl
ing and he is not equal to the increasing I
work of the institution and its likewise I
increasing disadvantages. The board I
adopted resolutions praising him highly I
for his administration and saying that his I
cutiduot of the place had been the most
BUi i essfUl and j>rolitio of good results of
any in years past. Twice before has Dr.
Bussdorf been ready to tender his resig- |
nation, but each time was prevailed upon i
to remain for a time, notwithstanding
that he was a Democrat and an appointee
of a Democratic administration. Dr.
Hodghead, his successor, Is Secretary ot |
the- Board of Physicians of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons and will take ;
up his new duties highly recommended.
The City ami County Hospital and Its ;
disgraceful sanitary condition were the
principal topics of discussion at the meet- .
ing. After Superintendent Sussdorf had |
tendered Ills resignation Mayor Ptaelan
asked him 11" before he retired he weald
not draw up specifications for sanitary :
Improvement oi (he Institution that would i
fit It for the care of the city's indigent |
sick until the new h< spital, which is pro- ;
vlded for In the proposed bond levy, is
erected. In reply Dr. Sussdorf said thai
the only way the hospital could be made
habitable would be to close iwo wards at
a time, disinfect and sterilize them and
reralelmine the walls. He also suggested
that the unsightly board fence around the I
grounds be torn' down and an iron one I
erected in its place. Also, he said, the I
trees should be cut down and the build- I
ings left open to th.- BUn and winds. H< I
said, too, that when t he new hospital is
built it should be on higher and more ex
posed ground and In a more central posi
tion. He agreed to draw up specifica
tions and submit them to the Mayor upon
his retirement from ortit c.
Dr. Sussdorf s resignation was handed
In by Dr. LJarbat. who deserted the meet- ;
I Ing "as soon as It had been accepted. Dr.
! Payne nominated Dr. Hodghead as his
j successor, but only he and Dr. Keeney
■ voted for him. Dr. Coffey voted for Dr.
T. C Mahr. After two ballots Coffey
; came over and Dr. Hodghead was de
clared elected. Mayor Phelan did not
i vote, and explained that h preferred to
leave all sucn matters to the medical
members of the board.
\ wholesale throwing out of Almshouse
employee was on the slate, but did not
carry- -A- caucus of the members of the
board wus held in the morning, but
( offey at that time held out against Dr.
Hodgnead, and Payne and Keeney
would not stand for the Almshouse
hegira unless be came over. Thrr- were
thirty attaches of thi poorhouse who were
scheduled to go, all of them appointees of
the last administration. Captain Keddy,
whose administration of the institution 1
is considered by the board th«- must sue- .
eessful in its 'history, will be retained. '
I There are also a number of holdover !
' employes of the City and County H tspl
• tul on" the «late. and the ax will probably
' drop at the next meeting.
I'pon the recommendation of Health
Officer J.awlor a rawhide factory on j
Guerrero street, between Nineteenth and!
Twentieth streets, was declared a public :
nuisance and ordered abated, and a row ';
iof buildings from 834 to 836 Hrannan !
street, belonging to the Treadwell es- ; !
tate. was subjected to the same order, j
Veterinary Surgeon O'Rourke, who, since ;
the discharge if Market Inspector Ganns, |
has been acting in his place, reported ' !
that a number of slaughter-houses have '
tly been erected just over the San
Mateo County line, and are dealing ex- j
cluslvely In diseased beef, which they are j
shipping to Hun FrandSCO in large quan
tities. He said he had not enough as
sistants to stop the traffic, and requested
the board to take some action.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That or. and after this date no per
son shall art as Interne in any of the receiving
hospitals of this city unless officially appointed
by the Hoard of Health and assigned to duty
by the jfolice surgeon. *
Resolved. That owing to the gross abuse in
the past of the "star" privileges granted this
department by certain street railway com
panies. It Is hereby ordered that the only per
sons In the Receiving Hospital service entitled
to wear the star are the police surgeon and
eight assistant police surgeons. Any violation
of the provisions of the resolution will be pun
ished by immediate dismissal.
Resolved. That the police surgeons have full
control over the receiving hospitals during
their hours of duty, and no one not attached to
the etaft Is allowed In the hospital except by ln-
Vltatlon or permission of the surgeon on duty.
In the absence of the surgeon his duly ap
pointed Interne Is authorized to act for him.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or -without removal. J.Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
■ ♦ . _
fortieth Anniversary.
On September 15 the house of Charles
Melnecke & Co. completed the fortieth
year of its successful business career
in San Francisco.
Commemorating the event, a hand
some leather purse was sent to each of
its patrons, together with an Invitation
to partake of the champagne for which
I "No, sirl that's not the JJ
I right name. When I want Ml
9 cocoa I'll have the best or HI
1 GfllRARDELLI'S I
I GHlRARDELLrS I
the firm acts as agent. Needless to Bay
the headquarters, at 314 Sacramento
street, were thronged during the day,
and felicitous addresses were frequent
ly interrupted by the popping of cham
pagne corks.
JUNIOR FORESTERS.
A New Court Instituted Last Night,
the First in Fifteen Years.
Tuesday night for the first time in fifteen
years there was organized in this city a
new Junior Court of Forester* of Amer
ica. The organization took place in the
Alcazar building, aim the institution
which followed the preliminary meeting
was by Grand Sub-chie^ Ranger Hugo K.
Asher, Grand Secretary Jno. J. Corny,
Eddie Isaacs and H. Simons, assisted by
a number of members of adult and other
junior courts. The new coi'ft, which Is
under the protection of Court Bay City,
starts in with thirty-one charter members,
and the following named were chosen as
officers for the current term: Jacob La
bel J. P. C. R.; 1. Levy, C. R.; A. Sam
uels, S. C. R.; I. O. Kasser, F. B.j O. G.
Day. R. S. : J. . Kallmann. T. : Charles
David, S. A.; K. Mutinoff. J. A.; E. Ghise
ler, S. R. and J. A. Magldson. J. B.
A. Nusßbaum is the physician and
Thomas Elliott. L. Aaron and I. David
trustees. Thomas Goodwin was recom
mended for deputy grand chief . ranger.
After the Installation of the officers Chief
Ranger Levy presided as toastmaster at a
supper given in honor of the new court.
Hugo K. Asher responded to "The For
esters of America." Harry Simons to the
"Junior Courts." Jno. J. Cordv to the
"Grand Court of California." I. Isaacs to
"Sister Junior Courts." John Heenan to
"The Ladies." Jacob Label to "The For
ester Press," O. G. Day to "Junior Court
Pride of the Pacific" and Thomas Good
win to "The Supreme Court of Forest
ers." The new court will be known as
"Junior Court Pride of the Pacitic No. 4."
,« ♦ ■
An Artistic Production
The Invitations of the First California
reception to Governor Gage were excel
lent specimens of the higher standard of
engraving. The whole was made par
ticularly attractive by the pmblazonment
at tli^ top of the American flag. This was
executed entirely by Cooper & Co.. the
art stationers, 746 Market street. •
» ♦ .
Ruby Jttayinond Held.
Ruby Raymond, the woman from San
Jose charged with abducting two girls,
Nathalie Danforth and Daisy Miller,
under 18 years of age, to San Jose for im
moral purposes, was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mosan on both charges in bonds
of $5000 on one charge and $3000 on the
other charge. Her attorney moved for a
dismissal on the ground that the court
had no Jurisdiction as the offense was
committed In San Jose, but the Judge
overruled the motion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| LAST GALL
I AT
I This Is your last opportunity to pur- H
I E chase our shares at $1 40. After mid- H
j B night Monday, (September 25, the price B
i I of shares will be as follows: fc?
j S Sept 25 to Oct. 5 1000 shares at ISO H
!fl Oct. sto Oct. 15 1000 shares at 220 Q
! % Oct. 15 to Oct. 25 1000 shares at 260 =
i « Oct. 25 to Nov. 5 ICOO shares at 300 H
I I Nov. sto Nov. 35. 1000 shares at 340 R
! I Nov. 15 to Nov. 25....1000 shares at 380 B
I E Nov. 25 to Dec. 5 1000 shares at 420 H
! I Dec. sto Dec. IS 1000 shares at 460 H
I I Dec. 15 to Oct. 525 1000 shares at 100 g
Oct. o to Oct. IT, 1000 shares at 2SO
Oct IS to Oct. 25 lOCO shares at 2 60
Od 25 to Nov. ;> KOO chares at !«0
Nov. a to Nov. IE WOO shares Ht 3 40
N< v. ir, to Nov. 2*i 1000 shares at 3 SO
Nov. 25 to Dec. 5 1000 shares at 4 20
I>ec ."• to Dec. IS luf'd shares at 4 60
Dec. 15 to Dec. 2:,.... 1000 shares at 5 00
I 1 257 PER CENT PROFIT 1
|fi BY CHRISTMAS, |
! ■ ' And 1000 per cent when oil is struck ' El
i £j Come In on the ground! floor. B§
I PROSPECTUS FREE. Mj
I BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., |
Adams Building. 206 Kearny St., R
San Francisco-
OPEN EVENING?. M
I i Tailor^Made Suits \
1 11|§|SS'I Are the Best. j
i • Bi^ Hfc»'^)'^-- t y And they ars not expen- •
• JHsHßlA"'^'^'^ slve, ' eithpr— ln fact, we :
■ HnHb^-' l^ make suit 9 for 25 i )er cent :
S BHWM y : .> S'y less money than other ;
I wSira^i^ '■'■i~-'\ We sponge every inch •
• BWaSniV-^'^ °' cloth, use excellent !
BSfflSlB ■'■'•■ "r^Z Hnlng. Etrong threadwork I
tf] Tailor Made hand-made J
■ Are the Best.
And they are not expen- •
. g sive, either -In fact, we i
L , make suit* tor 26 per cent ;
ft •,. less money than other ;
B We apongre every inch •
■ . of . ;,rh. u?e excellent j
■ . _ ' llnini?, strong thn-adwork
H " ' . anil put in hand-made
ifflH^ jTb). ~?c°,' buttonholes. ;
' HHfia*asir ' .VriO A perfect fit assured. !
IhHh^^V'^C^ All-Wool Business Suits, {
| IJHp^'wiC^ All-Wool Pants, 94.50. i
! lH ( 2)s^sls 1110-1112 Market I
! ißß'^'^rS^^ St San Francisco. :
J ffii^(i^2#|' 201-203 Montifomery •
: .Sf^>^>* St.. San Francisco. :
: aPE^^fe^ 1011 Washington St.. :
S Jfjf^ i" • : V;p> Oakland. •
■ Bffl2ms®Sf® 14 South s P rin * St.. ■ :
• « /> -'*' l - Los Angeles. 5
I Furniture i Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Free
delivery Oakland. Alatneda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
: ;v SUCCESSOR- —
.ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY,
338-340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL.
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main 1850.
AMXhEMENTS.
CBDTESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE-?%£ DANCING— I
ADUIC-aiRL AND HEH-L-lUPIO
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL!
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Diver*.
TO-NIGHT—
amateur NIGHT!
A Host of Surprises! Concluding With
AN AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH I
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE 15 GIANT GALA-
PAGOS.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
I day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San -Francisco at 12 m. and
12-30 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 {.. m., connecting
with' trains stopping at the entrance tv the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland, Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains vl^Ala-
moda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President. ■
R. D. MILROY, Secretary.
r j ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anheuser-Busch's Budweiser
, c^W Pronounced by Connoisseurs
I 4 'T^ Kin of Bottled Beers."
I ! It holds the world's record
• 'Jt^^^^ or purify, quality and output.
• jf/J^V|g, More' than 600 000 000
'•I Sr!^^ bottles of this one brand have
yP*\ J®"*^ been consumed.
a C^_^^O Is the leader of the other
SZ^J \rS V *, famous brews of the ANHEUSER-
! ! vUf/Mcffltf&A&C? BUSCH BREWING ASS>N ' " Black
. I and Tan." "Faust," "Michelob,"
[ "Anheuser Standard," "Pale Lager," "Anheuser-Busch Dark."
"A ;s**//-** k/^2IL e **m —^ Z Food-Drink. A boon to nursing
? %/flU*l''4/yM&%&ft&> Mothers, the aged, feeble and convalescent
■> 111— ■—!■■! I— II — 11.111 l ||. || ■ OM.IMI ■■■lII— mill! „.— „ , I ,
- AMUSEMENTS. j AMUSEMENTS.
' i COMING BACK TO SAN FRANCISCO, ! NEW
THE FASHION PLATE CIRCUS rnrf OT A P 0I I fill!
;i6TB AND FOLSOM STS., FREE STAGE SHOW!
i I " Only Grounds T<arge Enough in This City.
! i nine DA^T^innin, AFTER NOONS_AND NIGHTS.
[SATURDAY, SEPT. 23, MECHANICS' FAIR.
1 EVERY AFTERNOON AT 2.
| EVERY NIGHT AT 8. TIJI7 PAVILION
WALTER L MAIN'S B PAVILION.
Q_p|]V4^ CIRCUS ful Japanese Silk Fans. Cups and Saucers.
J O'Klllll Wm^iU©- Trays, ftp. Buy tickets at box office,
1 f « *•*"*»»* jra&% "' iT "'"~1 i SPECIAL FEATURES ALL DAT— Free Flll-
' i 1&* ..rf/l' Ji£3a£)& "^^ ' plno AotH: Master Harry Maneels and Etta
a *fjrf[S' rilA (?jW%&r* f^*'bijh.'^ iiJ *^ ' Aron»on. winners of Pacific Coast International
*~ nOU ] S&t&^jt. J I "** VKHV I Cakewalk Carnival; Miss Pearl Hickman.
i I ■£AlfA'* l \Zro*r \&r~^*iS : ''^ \tATT3rnovEtn \ Drum Major: Miss Raymond in Cornet Solo;
wrc*'** #W'"l^s"ii^ i t^T*pi^«f» I Specialty, "Hello. Ma Baby," by Little Dot.
""^wuOß^e!^ ' &f+3j3rsb \s ' and a rand parade of all the villagers, circus
■ £$wK!P^tf&J!&ffTj^^\. ¥> *-Z4 people, animals, automobile, etc., led by the
qX^^'P^^^^ l^^ s^* //^^^ s?oix? l> and eac-!i night at y\\'..
fi^Ni^^HOS^^Vs-fi?3J^'^r^ Tlie Filipino Vlllaße and Guide, the Indian
WKASrfSaBsSS&^^WW 7 "-- ■" : i ; t^ Vllleg" and Workers, th* Manufacturing Ex-
iSTEfSra^BPSffiTO^ r^S«SI hibits— they nil must be seen tn be appreciated.
l^o^lrW^J^WoMio^i TO-NIGHT-UNION IRON WORKS' NIGHT.
MfaSgMJ^ y^^^* a!^TL— Special progrnmme, s..ng?. addresses, reception,
y^^wa. jjslt***r^' O«^ FRIDAY NlGHT— Great Challenge Colored
\. wtr Cakewalk. Saturday — Chinese Baby Show.
K l&* 4r Entries for the Amateur Billiard Tournament
I """ " I at th" Secretary's office.
MAMMOTH MENAGERIE, —extra announcement—
. j To-night and every afternoon and night this
KAC I IN VJI CAKnIIVALi be plven one of the most sensational and thrlll-
__ | Ing circus acts ever seen in this country. Senor
r»cr»»^n«r-VT Dfknc^VPl T»« I Pablo Tister in his great act "Cubo Filipino."
DETACHMENT ROOStVELT'S jor the revolving human catapult, without extra
ROUGH RIDERS. charge. Don't miss It.
CHILDREN'S MENAGERIE j CONCEPTS AND AESOHTS.
63-HORSE ACT. sutro baths.
TRULT MARYELOUS. OPEN NIGHTS!
PERFORMED BY ONE MAN OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
PERtOK.MLU_BX UAIV BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
«* * r»T»nvT^-v ■ rM»' » iur\p . ADMISSION. ioc: CHILDREN, se.
MART LOWAINDt, I Bathing, including admission. 25: Children. :oe.
The Greatest Bareback Somersault Rider In ==
the World.
AND 100 OTHER GREAT ACTS. UNITED STATES BRANCH.
GRAND NIGHT PARADE
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 22. nTETMP INJ
Reserved Seats at Will & Finek's. sis Market. , *3 | /-\ I EWYlfc^rN I
OF THE
C^\O\^i!Bk«N %^s^ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
DUrFMI Y
, FREDERICK HALLEN and^^ fT |~1 \JLLI I^l 1
S ! BRIGHT BROTHERS!,
j STINSON and MRRTON. ASSURANCE COMPANY
TERR'S and LAMBERT, AbbUKAiNLri UUJJfIr AW I
! BACHELOR CLUB.
! CHARLEY CASE. • _ |-| London. England (established 1752). on
: • CRAWFORD SISTERS. \J the 31st day of December. A. D. 1898. and
S uniurjiDitM Rnvsi Mil IT4BV for the year ending on that day, as made to the
■ HUNGARIAN BOYS' JYIILIIAK\ insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
: fs AND fornia. ' pursuant to the provisions of Sections
'• " 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
; . per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
\ \ Parquet, 2T>c: Balcony, 10c: Opera Chairs and CAPITAL.
; Box Seats 50c. Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
■ MATlNEES— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday cash
i ASSETS.
• /~*f\\ I I \/| OI A Th C » At « Keal Estate owned by Company....
! I_IJL.LJ lVi DIA. 4r I ? adln^ Loans on Bends and Mortgages......
! -* -V - /ITmj -* / *' Theater. cash Market Value of. all Stocks and
• ■ _ »„».,. « . „ Bonds owned by Company $2,224,137 50
J 12 NIGHTS AND Dorr MONDAY 25 < Amount of Loans secured by pledge
! TWO MATINEES DC MUIiUAI, OCJJI. ZO, : A^ ° 3nds stocks and other mar-
I —THIS HOUSE REOPENS WITH i ketable securities as collateral
iVSlJUjhhlvA j ln^" £3 Loans f. C^ d ...° n ... a . U 2,610 00
; IliV A/ U> JLAKJJL^JIJL I Cash in hands of United States
• Asslsteu by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD Trustees in-due •V•• • • • " • ' V " coilec- "
i And a Company of Players Under the Manage- Premiums in due course ot Collec
I For the ment of JOHN C. FISHER. Saturday B , 1 )B I r ;ceivabre"not"MaturedV'taken
; For the first week, every evening and Saturday B1 "» w~ and Marine Risks
: Matinee, a new historical play by Clin- R^ r tJ , F d r reu ce e tt accrued I ..^ i":".:::
; ton Stuart, entitled, Due from other Companies for Re-
i MARIE ANTOINETTE. i— " on >— already *-*•■ _
■ ARTISTIC SCENIC PRODUCTION. Total Assets ..$3. 120.075 08
-I BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN. LIABILITIES.
! N. B.— Throughout the Modjeska encagement , nnJ unDaid ' 1 24 104 00
I the curtain will rise at S o'clock .sharp. j Los«- f n a3^ o^ ss an Ad/ustrnVni' or '^
~ "" ~ ' in Suspense 188,270 00
' _„,,-,. i r\T^T^ r\ A tt/-\ttct-> Losses resisted. Including expenses... 24,ii5 00
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. Org Premiums on gg. R^run- .
rplnsurance &0 per cent 750,330 51
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! o Jos" premiums- on Fire Risk* run-
The Great Operatic Triumph, nlnß more than one year. 11,1.3.- a 6 QSg M
- - _' . __ _  255 64; reinsurance pro rata.......... 636,063 83
'^r\mTTTHT T A JJ Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
-1 SI H Nl A 1 9 I land Navigation Risks. $ :
v i nijijjju. reinsurance 100 per Bta"«as
• • V AO.*.iIJUA« VI . GrogB p rem i U ms on Marine Time
' Avedano. Salassa. Anna Lichter. Miss Beck- Risks. 5 —i reinsurance 50
with. etc. per cent • :•••;,■ —
"Othello" repeated Saturday & Sunday nights. All other demands against the Com-
. pany ~ izi.ssz v
"LOHENGRIN " ° : ~=^
UKJILUVI \J JLIfXII • Net Cash actually received for Fire 43g
Berthald, Mertens. Schuster, Prosnltz and Net^ash" actually' 'received' for $1,992,438 8*
Eerthald, Mertens. Schuster, Prosnltz and cash actually received for Ma-
Llnck. r j ne premiums
! Friday Evening and SATURDAY MATINEE. Received for Interest on Bonds and
POPULAR PRICES. 28 AND 50 CENTS. Received for' 'interest "and" di'vYd'enda
Telephone for seats, Hush 9. on" Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
— all other sources 78,400 38
A I rA7AD THEATER hs^."^^-.-^.^.!S: •.«««
l\ I i^ II / -ii X . iUljaiijU Received from all other sources 3,363 19
Total Income $2.075.700 50
"A TlP"— Secure Seats in Advance. EXPENDITURES.
1 LAUGHING WEEK 1 Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
tf -."" .-vJ eluding $155,742 73. losses of prevl-
The Funniest Comedy Yet, ous years) -- 0.192.711 S3
___.^.__ ' " Net amount paid tor Marine Losses
. VBT^in Mllf^H (Including $— . losses of.
JOHNSON ■ SSttSSKS^Pl^g^ m. m 7,
V-r'lll 1 OV/1" • • • Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
____ charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 135,134 17
PRICFS \ic lie fie SOc raid for State. National and local «.«•»
PUIfFS lv ?V* tv 5Af taxes 62.500
1 IHWI, J ......... I«A., ir'.)C, OJC, 3UC. AU other payments and expenditures. 210.0*1 09
. MATINEE EVERY SAT. AND SUNDAY. Total Expenditures 52.027.431 M
"~~~~ Fire.
NEXT WEEK— "THE IDLER." Losses Incurred during the year H.UUII 99
' TRANH ADC Jl_jjrvj ICC Risks and Premiums. Fire Rlaks. Premiums.
i T pi irpHnvr \fiiv -79 Net nmount of Risks
| TELEPHONE MAIN 32. written during th.- 1
• —PACKED TO TH DOORS . - 3 amounV 'of" Risks * S^™ M
THE TALK OF THE TOWN. expired during the
Everybody in Raptures With Offenbach's De- K *? am ounV "in force 4O3 ' ZS1 ' " V - 3 2 ° ' 24S " 4
liEhtful Comic Opera. . W pecSsbe?3l. IS9S ..? MMB,(M 2.673.966 66 .
T* Hf? j " " — —~—~- * ' '■■■■'. ...-., . _
i w~*. '--. win* Ti/ri«»x->.r-».^-. E. B. CLARK, Assistant Manager.
DRUM MAJOR'S subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Sth
, UKU IVI IVI A JUK 2> day of January, m
DAUGHTER.
. Hear the Glorious Finale to the Second Act. BU 1 LIV %Jf iIALLIArV^
See the Beautiful White and Silver March
of Beautiful Girts. fipnprfll Atfpnte for Parififi ffla^t
Don't Miss the Most Fascinating Perform- General Agents for Pacific Coast,
' usual prices-ioc. isc, Xc, 33c and 50c. 413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c. ..:.. -•'. „ „'
Branch Ticket Office Emporium. 1 BAN FRANCISCO
78
IMPRESSIVE FEATURES OF THE SHAMROCK'S SAILING QUALITIES.
CLOSE-HAULED ON PORT TACK
BETTING ON THE RACE. I
9 .. <s>
» *
$> IN LONDON.
s> Seven to 4 offered by New Yorkers on Columbia, eagerly ac- <,•
--§• cepted by Upton's friends by cable. ■,- .. . <j.
I IN NEW YORK. <?
9 i,
a Patriotism starts first odds at 2 to 1 on Columbia, then shortened "?
J to 5 to 4. ■ *
Odds yesterday were 10 to 8 on Columbia. '"'
$ Little betting so far, but plenty of it is expected when the *
v Shamrock delegation arrives from England to back their boat. ,
Sir Thomas Lipton says he never bets and has not a shilling ♦
'-' wagered on the result. *S>
* <S>
i3>i«^4><S> < »^<s' < S>'«''? >^'S><S><s>^-^>S > <J>'?-4><^<v<^'«»^^>-S><S><^<»> <?--v
There is deep satisfaction for sportsmen on both sides of the Atlantic
n the immensely pleasing impression made by the Shamrock and her
>wner. Sir Thomas Upton, on their initial appearance here. Renewal of
MAY FORM A
NEW CLUB OF
WHEELMEN
Recruits Expected From the
Ranks of the Olympics
and Bay Citys.
The recent announcement of the new
Jirectorate of the Olympic Club that the ,
monthly dues of the organization would ,
be raised from $.". to $5 has met with some ,
opposition among the rank and file of the .
club, and particularly among the mem- j
bers of the cycling annex. The wheel- j
men are all young men, and even now .ire ■ ,
paying about $1 50 a month more than the ,
members of any other cycling club, the
next highest being the Bay City Whe-M- j
men, whose dues are 35 a quarter. In a I- ;
ditlon to the $3 dues, the wheelmen i iy '
21 cents a month additional :.s members
of the annex. This makes a total of $'.'j'j ,
a year, a considerable item In the ex
penses of many of the young men.
An px-presidem of the wheelmen, who ,
ha ■ also Ueeti president of the California I
Associated Cycling clubs, crystallised the I
feelings of.'a large number of the mem
bers, when he said in an Informal dis
cussion after the association's meeti'ig ;
Monday night: "On the day I receive a;
notice stating the dues are to be $5 a |
month. 1 shall indorse my resignation on :
the back and return it to the club. I can- \
not afford to pay &i 25 a month to belong .
to a wheeling organization, for, as a mat- |
ter of fact, 1 derive no other beneilta i
from the Olympic Club, because I do not I
have time to go there." The speaker is
probably better able to pay the sum men
tioned than dozens of others In the ;
cycling annex.
Speaking further, he said: "My idea
is that If they raise the dues, we will get j
about fifty representative wheelmen to- j
gether arid organize another club, with !
down-town headquarters similar to those
of the Olympic Gun Club. 1 know that
a number of the old-time Bay Citys are i
dissatisfied with their club just now,, be- '
catipe if the recent large influx of small i
boys into the club, some of whom have
been given places on the board of di- ;
rectors. No doubt they are excellent fel- '
lows, but the men In the Bay Cltya aged
from 28. say, to 3T>. gain nothing mentally
or otherwise by association with boys of [
18 or 20. I believe we could get a score i
of the better. class of old members into;
our new organization. Don't be surprised ;
if you hear of a new club about the ■
middle of October, with an age limit of
25 and dues about $2 or $2 50 a month,
which will cater to gentlemen cyclers
only."
John A. Hammersmith, leader of the i
Olvmplc Club, when Informed of a pos- \
sible defection of members said: "The
new board of directors of the club have
given Its financial condition moat careful
consideration, it has been found that •
nothing but heroic measures can save it. .
The club cannot be supported on the ba
sis of dues at $2 50 a month. The mom- i
bers of the board have therefore decided
to increase the dues to $5 on the Ist of
October. We expect to lose a few mem- I
bers, but the increased revenue and the j
new members we wjll receive will more
than compensate. "We will offer many ad- j
vantages to the members of the club
which no other organization could hope
to give its members."
Clarence N. Ravlin. formerly a well
known writer on cycle topics hero, has re
turned from a six months' trip to the
mining regions of Alaska. He says his
prospects are excellent, and he expects to I
return north in about four months.
Jules P. Hancock, formerly treasurer of
the Associated Clubs, was married at St. i
Rose's Church last Sunday to Miss Adah
Averlll of Nevada. They are enjoying a
honeymoon tandem trip in Lake County.
Joseph A. Ostendorf of the Bay City !
Wheelmen, now a resident of Los Angeles,
writes his friends here that he is the
happy father of twins, both bays. The
club "members have wired him their con r ,
gratulations.
GENTRY DEFEATS PATCHEN
Over a Poor Track the Pacers Make
but Slow Time.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., Sept. 2<V —
John R. Gentry won the race with Joe |
Patchea here to-day In two straight
heats. The time was 2:09 and 2:07 respec- i
tlvely.
The pacers were handicapped, the half- <
mile track being an inferior affair of
made dirt. A crowd of 2uoo persons wit
nessed the event.
Ten Eyck Is the Winner.
HALIFAX, Nova Scotia, Sept. 20.— The |
single scull race between James A. Ten
Evck of Worcester, Mass., and John
HiVnnan of Halifax for $20) a fide was
rowed this afternoon on Bedford Basin,
a heavy wind and rain storm prevailing,
and Ten Eyck won by a length. Time,
slow time wai caused by the water j
being very rough.
HANDICAP
WEIGHTS AND
ENTRIES
Brief Review of Some Likely
Starters in the Big Event
Saturday.
The opening handicap— a mile, worth
$700 to the winner— the special feature of
the racing card on Saturday at Oakland
track, will Bee about as evenly a balanced
field as has yet faced the barrier in this
rich event, The entries and weights were
Issued by Handicapper Brooks yesterday;
and on paper the race looks an extremely
difficult one to pick. On his Sacramento
form Cromwell has rightfully been al
lotted top weight, 117 pounds. During the
State Fair meet the chestnut horse seemed
to have recovered his old-time speed, and
will be hard to beat. Mt. McGregor II
comes next with 113, and Roslnante looks
"well In" with 109 up. The latter mare
has had a long rest and will take a lot
of beating. At Sacramento, Hohenzollern
was both good and bad, and with 108
pounds on his back will be dangerous.
Jennie Reed is greatly improved, and So
cialist has been going great guns at Oak
land in his work. Libertine, no longer
partial to weight, should be able to reel
off a very fast mile with only ninety
eight pounds in the saddle, and Lost Girl,
allotted ninety-eight pounds also, will not
want for backers. On September I,\ at
Oakland track, Lothian downed his field
over one mile and a sixteenth, galloping
In 1:49%, carrying eighty-eight pounds,
and asked to carry one pound more on
Saturday,. has an undeniable chance. The
other lightweights should not be over
looked. The full list of entries are as fol
lows:
Cromwell 117] Libertine »8
lit McGregor USjLost Girl 98
Ros'.nante lO.ijNilgar 97
Hnhenzollern 1"-, Monrovia 97
Recreation 11*1 ly.thian S3
Jennie Reid 101 The Fritter M
Socialist KJllMamle O S*
Pat Morrissey 99 Oralbee HI
Acceptance to be made at the track before 11
a. in.. Friday. September 22.
J. B. Ferguson will again do the start
ing at Oakland, and it Is probable that a
Starting device other than the Australian
gate will be given a trial.
Tarcoola, winner of the Melbourne cup
In 1894, will arrive on the next, incoming
Steamer from Australia. He is a son of
the renowned sire Xewmtnster, and is
consigned to Senator It. Porter Ashe.
GREYHOUNDS AND THEIR
TRAINERS A NUISANCE
Since hare hunting and the breeding
and training of greyhounds have become
a sport the residents of the Richmond
district have been sorely annoyed by the
men having the training of the dogs in
charge. Point LobOß avenue by reason
of its soft and spongy surface, together
with the wide range of territory In which
free access is afforded for the sprinting
of the greyhounds, has become a favorite
rendezvous for all the dog trainers in the
city. If the dog trainers had confined
their avocation to the sprinting of the
dogs in a legitimate sort of a way the
f>eople would not have grumbled, but of
ate the trainers have taught the dogs to
run down and kill cats, dogs and chickens
on sight.
This nuisance has become so great that
the people residing in the Richmond dis
trict have petitioned the Chief of Police
to detail a mounted officer to patrol the
district and try to keep the dogs and
their owners and trainers within legiti
mate bounds.
An Incident which at one time bid fair
to result in something more serious than
tbe loss of a cat's life took place on Point
Lobos avenue, where a very valuable pet
dog, belonging to Mrs. Mary A. McCabe,
residing. at 2yf>o Point Lobos avenue, was
killed by a pair of greyhounds out on a
training expedition. The fleet footed dogs
espied the little pet on the sidewalk in
front of Its mistress' house and gave
chase, which resulted In the killing of
the small dog. Mrs. McCabe was very
angry at the loss of her pet, and seeing
no sorrow on the part of the trainers, she
secured a pistol and blazed away at the
greyhounds, wounding one severely, her
only regret being that she did not suc
ceed In killing the two hounds. The shoot
ing at the dogs created quite a commo
tion in the neighborhood, but when the
cause was explained to those who con
gregated they all sympathized with Mrs.
McCabe.
The dog training nuisance has become
so great that the residents have sought
the assistance of the Point L.obos Im
provement Club to aid them in having
the nuisance abated. At the last meet
ing of the club the secretary was in
structed to communicate with the Chief
of Police on the subject.'
THE SAS FKAIN CISCO CAUj, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
effort for possession of the America's cup could not be made by a worthier
boat nor a more sportsmanly challenger.
The Shamrock's splendid performance on her first trial in American
■waters is as gratifying to yachtsmen of this country as it is no doubt to j
those of Great Britain. Too long our defense of this intfrnational trophy |
has partaken of the nature of a sail-over. So easy has been the conquest,
indeed, a majority of the times it has failed to provide that excitement
without which a sport speedily loses vital interest.
Many American sportsmen would welcome for several good reasons
loss of the cup this year; chief of them is the tremendous stimulation that
would be given yachting interests in England and in America— for a chal
lenge would be issued forthwith In the name of the New York Yacht Club
and several boats built in both countries for the race. It is not for the j
best interests of any sport that one country or one college or one club
should always win; really in the end such one-sided competition affects
the sporting development of the winner as much as it does that of the j
loser.
• • •
When the next challenge is issued we hope it will be with a seventy
and not with a ninety footer. Apropos of which an excellent story Is
timely ami illustrative of the present challengers sportsmanship. Lip- j
ton's wish was to challenge with a seventy, and he so informed the New j
York Yacht Club officials in their unofficial correspondence prior to the j
Issuance of the challenge. On the New York Yacht Club men expressing i
j preference for a ninety-footer— for the reason, frankly given, that in the
v i • fjQ
GLEN ROY IS
A WINNER AT
UNION PARK
M. Michalik's Greyhound Ac
counts for the Mid
week Stake.
The reserve stake, which formed the •
| card for the midweek meeting at Union '
Coursing Park yesterday, was won by M. ,
Michalik's Glen Roy. In the final he met i
the black dog £eau Peep. The latter had
the greater speed, but the hare doubled
hack from him, letting In Glen Roy. The
i work was all done immediately In front
ot the grand stand, where the spectators ;
could see for themselves how the tide of |
• the battlf flowed. The course was an un
i usually long one, each dog running up a •
1 good pcore.
The afternoon's sport was marred In a
! degree by a fog which, at times, ob
-1 soured the view of the spectators. J. J.
Edmunds' Morning Glory was looked up
on aa the most likely winner of the stake
> until the fourth round, when she met
] Still True. In this Morning Glory scored
i forty-two points to eighteen for her op
• poiient, and finally killed although
an extra dog had been released. She
went out In the next round before Glen
Roy, the ultimate winner.
The most notable upset of the day waa
the defeat of Tod Sloan by Tic Tac. The
former was a 6 to 1 favorite, but did not
run up to form. Boney Boy beat Right
Arm by a score of forty-two to two, and
was then drawn from the competition.
: Glen Roy beat Matchless, thirty-eight to
three; October Woodcock beat Hard
! Lines, sixteen to two; Morning Glory beat
; Mose eight to six; lowa Girl beat Royal ,
i Oak, twenty-one to twelve; Firm Foe
! boat Swinnerton, fourteen to six; Lady
I Marion beat Terronette, twelve to three,
j after two "undecldeds," the score of the
tlrst. being three each, and of the second,
two each. The results in detail follow:
Reserve stake, first round— Handy & Smith's
I MaKlf beat J. F. Thrift's Forgive; E. M. Kel
logg'B lowa Girl beat J. Keenan's Hoyal Oai;
F. A. McComh's One Spot beat Handy &
Smith's Free and Easy; J. Dean's Belle of An
tenon beat P. McOabe's <'raig Hoy; Aeneld
Kennel;?' Maid of Krln beat J. Ferris' Cleo
i patra; I.ande & Gerber'R Onward a bye; W. 11.
I Jones' Lady Marian beat A. Johnson's Bald
I Eagle; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe beat D.
Cronin'l Swlnnerton; T. J. Harrington's Beau
Pe<'ji beat \V. H. Ix>rd'e Revolver; M. London's
Leimlda? beat Vv\ C. Glasson's Joy Bells; Sterl
1 & Knowlrs' Wag beat <ius Gideau's Right
j Bower, H. H. Gray's Terronette beat A. Oh
' mejer's Occidental; Ed Wilson's Magnesia
beat I>. Ford's Juanlta; T. Hall's Nonpareil
beat Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr; J. J.
Dennis 1 October Woodcock beat M. B. Kav
anagh's Hard Dines; Courtney & Hore's Doug
las b»at J. Ronnlng's Dempsey Lass; I. F.
Helton's Tic-Tac beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan;
E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore beat AeneM
Kennels' Aeneas: J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory beat R. D. Taylor's MoHe; George Lahu
sen'a Fireball beat J. Jones' Galivant; F. I'as
son's Persetis beat J. Seggerson's White Chief;
11. A. Deckelman's Prince George beat W. L,
I Trode's Wandering Tom: P. J. Rally's Still
j True beat J. Dean's Mialmo; P. McCabe'H
] Boney Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Right Arm;
i Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo beat Q. J.
Fanarlo'K Old Glory: J- Jones' Moonlight beat
Aenelii Kennels' Pretender; M. London s Mac
neto beat M. Michalik's Kerry Cow; .J. I".
Thrift's St. Michael beat Aeneld Kennels'
Athena; M. Ml.-hallk's Glen Roy a bye; Scheper
& Powers' Matchless beat W. Creamer* I Re
port; W. 11. Jones' Rustan beat C. Sullivan's
I Gallagher; T. J. Kelly's Wlldwood beat Larkey
I & Rock's Liberty Hell.
Second round— Mjirlo beat lowa Girl; Belle
of Anderson beat One Spot: Onward beat Maid
of Erin; LRdy Msrlan heat Firm Foe; Beau
Peep beat Leonldas; Terronette beat Wag;
I Nonpareil beat Magnesia; October Woodcock
I beat Douglas; Lady Gilmore beat Tic-Tac;
: M< rning Glory be.it Fireball; Prince George
brat Perseus; Still True a bye; Lady Huso beat
Moonlight; Rt. Michael beat Magneto; Glen
Roy beat Matchless; Wildwood beat Rustan.
Third round— Magic beat Belle of Anderson;
Onward beat Lady Marian; Beau Peep beat
Terronette; October Woodcock beat Nonpareil;
Morning Glory beat Lady Ollmore; Still True
beat Prince George; St. Michael beat Lady
Hugo; Glen Roy beat Wlldwood.
Fourth round— Onward beat Magic; Beau
Peep a bye; Morning Gfbry beat Still True;
Glen Roy beat St. Michael.
Fifth round— Beau Peep beat Onward; Glen
Roy beat Morning Glory.
Final— Glen Roy beat Beau Peep.
UNION PARK COURSING.
The etake at- Union Coursing Park this
GETTING UNDER WAY— STERN VIEW.
week has attracted an entry of eighty
eißht dogs. The total prize money is
SIOIU, divided as follows: To the winner
$130. runner-up $100, third $70. three at $40
each. five at $20, eleven at $20 and twenty
two at $10. The <log beaten in the first
round by the ultimate winner will receive
$10, the same amount goiiiK to the dog
beaten by the runner-up. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
t >i«-n stake, SS dogs— Bartol Bros.* Bart'a
Belle vs. J. MoCormlck's Primrose; Russell,
Alim .t \\i!s..,n's Master Clair vs. A. Ohmey
f-r's Fleetfoot; J. Kennedy's Wine West vs.
Bartel Bros." Beer Brewer; W. Kramer's Re
port vs. J. Dennis' October Woodcock; J. Kee
iiin's Jtoyal Oak vs. H. A. Peckelman's Rock
lln B<>lle; C. L. Appleby's Clare B vs. Aeneld
Kennels' Athena: Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt
vs. J. J. Edmond's Morning Olory; T. J. McEl
downey's Lord Scattercash vs. R. M. Wyman's
Rush o" the Hill: Pasha Kennels' Rest As
sured vs. G. J. Panarios' Old <;ir>ry; J. Ron
ning's Dempsey Lass vs. E.I "Wilson's Magnet;
P Klley's Exnpnse vs. Handy & Smith's
Magic; J. P. Thrift's Forget vs. G. Sharmnn's
Walt a Little: T. Sullivan's Maid of thp Hill
vs P J Healey*! Maori Land; I. F. Halton's
Tio-Tuc vs. Bartel Bros.' Winning Style; R.
K. de B. Lopez's Santa Ynez vs. R.
K. <Je B. lope's Sarah; .T. Keenan'e Royal
Buck vs. A. Ohmeyer s Occidental; H. A.
Deckelman's Prince George vs. C. L. Appleby's
Little Sister: Pasha. Kennels' Metallic vs. J.
P Thrift's Forgive: A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic
vs. P. Doyle's "Wild Monarch: J. H. Perigo's
Boh<» vs. J. K. Cone's Red Glen; E. and R.
Scott's Lord Byron vs. J. Perry's Commodore
Nash; J. McCormiclc's White Tip vs. D. J.
Healey's O'llara; Aeneid Kennels' Pretender
vs. li. E. dc B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid;
D. Ford's Anita, vs. J. Anthony's Patriot; A.
Massey's Hudlwist vs. H. Lynch' s Loiterer: T.
J. McEldowney'B Rosebud vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence; M. B. Kavanagh'a Swedish
ye. W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome: Sterle 4-
Knowles' Wag vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Shore;
Otis Yldeau'fi Right Bower vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's McGregor; X Byrnes' High Time vs.
vp M. Ryan's Travers' Town: M. Ryan's Kill
Boy vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; M. Lon
don's Magnets vs. J. Shaw's Lucky Dog; T.
J. Harrington's Beau Peep vs. Handy &
Smith's Bylvanus; J. O'Dowd'a Shoot Over vs.
W. <\ Collier's Terrorlte; .1. Tyler's Beau
Brummel vs. E. M. KellogK's Sweet Emma;
T. Hall's Nonpareil vs. H. Lynch' s Lexington;
J. Seggerson's Candeleiia vs. F. A. McComb's
One Spot: I. M. Halton's (names) Lavender vs.
Sterle & Knowles' Sleety Mist; Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs v?. J. Kerrigan's Con
queror; Sterle & Knowles' Fanny X vs. Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma; D. Ford's
Juanlta vs. J. P. Thrift's Brutus; J. Kennedy's
Night Time vs. P. J. Reilly's Plough Hoy;
Handy & Smith's Petronlus vs. Ed Wilson's
Magnesia: E. M. Kellngg's Kid McCoy vs. J.
Rodgers" Willie Bronnnn.
—. ♦ ■
Leon Dennery's Job.
Internal Revenue Collector T^ynch yes
terday appointed Leon Dennery a deputy
rdllector of internal revenue for the dis
trict south of Market street. Dennery
takes the place of John W. Welch, who
has been assigned to a gauper's position.
;A MAN OF NERVE jk
:Is equal to emergency and can face danger. He is strong and goes bravely through MHI^SREB&S^fSS "ir !*siwP^i«
* the battle of life. Your best friend is your strength, and you need it. Look to your ? ,;-B^P**®l*oS \ ' '^X' [/$&
t weakness. Energy and endurance are necessary to get on in the world, and these ijjp^f $<m^^&Qßrrs^^^^^ < <ti?*'tiF
f spring from nerve power. When disease assails any organ there is pain or weakness. -^^^^/I^'^w I^^^rt'^ sa> -''~'-^^ i M^^/
i It takes full vitality to offset these attacks. Electricity is the remedy. P^BF /\£_ lj '-"W&j?**? 0 ~\ '^J
! Br, McLaughlin's New Treatment R^^^H 1 /
■;- Is the most successful form of curative electricity. It sends the current through the I ftuL (I
+ nerve center, and so invigorates the affected parts that the blood recovers right -WSgjMwl '^^^JT^l'^f^^"' '*^%J^-P^l/
. action, irritating impurities are cast out, the congested glands relieved, the stomach H^^ftF srty&Qa. W fy'-- Jswi-^Ss^\
; gains tone, kidneys are restored and the pains in the back are gone. ~wL '' ' %£ y&W* Jt*M'
*• Weak m-n, be vigorous and manly. Show that you've regained your magnetism and that - — „<*" 'fci^te.^ v* Jil Jw9u/^/^~%'^~* >>
i, there's a power in what you say and do. Get rid of that listless, nervous feeling. Repair your diges- i9^^//ttpT|^N M? f %IJW "I % ) \
; tion and enjoy the health and strength of a rational being. Electricity by my treatment works this %^^/MS!vr^4j?Wif*\\^ >-• y-
* change in your condition. I will show you how it is don;. S;nd or call for my new book, free, which /lr rt-'A^'m r\ y^~~ a ~~ St i •** J
'. explains the method. 'My new, improved Batteries have a patent switch regulator, and do not blister hsf^ v 4] M ' % J * v < —
; the skin, while the current is applied as your case requires. V (Hr \il^]m'~~'' ""* .—
'* TIT) M A MnTnnrrhliii 702 Market, Cop. Kearny, Ic'„ _ office hours: &s^~ LJq?/~-
-i II Is lUI fi lUI II U 11111 l 111 _.—>■> -_ .•_ •'lBft. W. tO B*3o n m • Rtinriave Irt ♦** < IS. »J
* UH. 11l 11 IllllllflllllllJ 6. F.. and Burdlck Block, | b.jw p. m.. bundays, 10 to L ,
■ «Xl *«•' •"■• x«.uxjuufc,i*xii*j Cor. Spring Md Saeond,' Lot Angelai. | NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
'•."••. "!*.: \*. \m. ''... ■j. ■.«._■ _j._ v. j. ... -. ■■^. i ... . . . ; - I '"''--.;' -I ■
Defender they had a trial boat Invaluable in tuning up a new defender.
whereas a speedy racer was lacking In the seventy class— Liflton renounced
the challenger's privilege of naming any size boat within the deed of gift
provisions- and the Shamrock is a ninety-footer.
Should the Columbia be beaten we could not in courtesy, after such
treatment, challenge with a seventy next year, unless, of course, I,ipton
was quite agreeable; but if we retain the cup encouragement to build sev
enties should be given all futur« challengers. The point made by such sug
gestion is that thereby a class of big single-stickers would be created to
participate in the usual racing of the yachting year.
• • ♦
The most impressive feature of the Shamrock's sailing off Sandy Hook
last week was tho comparatively slight disturbance she made in going
through the water. Evidently there is something in her underbody which
Kives good warrant for the confidence of Sir Thomas and for William
Fife's insistence that she be launched in skirts. Certainly the Shamrock's
performance the other day brought unfeigned surprise to those who looked
upon her for the first time, or had perhaps seen photographs of her under
.sail in the Solent.
There is no doubt the Shamrock was expected to make quite a fuss as
she went through the water. Reports of her work on the other side spoke
of it, and her full bow and heavy quarters suggested it.
But nothing of the kind was visible in her sailing last week. On the
contrary, she went through the water smoothly and with astonishing
ease. Instead of pounding with her full bow and sending the spray high
NEERETTA
FOOLED THE
WISE ONES
The Game Little Mare Eeats
Out the Favorite, Our
Lucky.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 20.— The third day of
the meeting brought a larger attend
ance, and all were well paid for their
trouble, as Neeretta, one of the gamest
little mares that ever looked through a
bridle, took the 2:16 trot In three fast
heats, besting a Held of fast ones, in
cluding Our Lucky, on which the wise
division plunged. The mare was forced
almost off the track in the first heat, but
trotted around her field In such handy
style that she clearly showed she was
the best of the lot. A killing drive took
place in the stretch of each heat, and
Our Lucky was lapped on the winner, but
oould not head her. Walden, behind Dave
Ryan, gave an exceptionally tine exhi
bition of driving in the second heat after
he looked to be out of it. Summaries:
Trotting, special, two in three; purse $200:
John Kkelton (Lelghinger) 2 1
Daughestaur (Cecil) 1 2
Time— 2:29, 2:32Vi.
Trotting, 2:16 class, three in five; purse $1000:
Xeeretta. NePrnut-Bess (Brooks") 1 1 1
Our Lucky (Hogaboom) 2 2 2
Addlson (Lafferty) 3 3 3
Pahle Francis i Spencer) 4 4 4
Ned Thorn (Hellman) 5 5 5
Mamie Rlloy < Berry) 6 6 6
Dollcan (Smith) 7 d
Time— 2:l3'^, 2:1114, 2:13%.
Pacing, 2:IS class, two in three; purse $300:
Pave Ryan (Weldon) 1 II
Valeria (Bigelow) 4 2|
Marguerite (Jeffries) 2 4 :
Irvlngton Boy (Cecil) 3 3
Gaff Topsail (Smith) d
Time— 2:14 l i. 2:13.
Half mile, district maidens, for three-year- !
olds, purse $100— Purnlah (Tullett) won, Sly- i
dell iHyde) Plahena (Dodd) third, j
Time :50. W .1 B, Roy M, Ethel H and Sallle
Walker also ran.
Five furlongs, three-year-olds and upward,
purse $12:".— John Brownell (Gilbert) won. Isa- !
belle (Sullivan) second, Colonel Dan iMacklin)
third. Time. 1:02. Ojai, General Wilson. Jen
nie Gibbs, Himera and Fred Gardner also ran.
ALL TEAMS
ARE PLAYING
GOOD GAMES
Changes in the Last Week
Which Bring Nines Closer
in the Column.
The four teams In the league to-day
are approaching a common level of game
with startling rapidity. Three of them
are in the same hundred percentage with
the Dudes still trailing a bad fourth.
The position of Cal Ewing's men is un
fortunate. At the beginning of the sea
son his men played very poor ball and
they made speedy descents down the col
umn which represents the standing of the
teams. As it is now they are 166 per cent
below the leading Senators and nearly
a century behind the Lobsters, who stand
third in a list of four teams. But the
playing of the Dudes of late is not that
of tail enders. It is really equal to the
best and when Sacramento crosses bats
with the Oakland team it will find a much
fortified nine to bat Into subjection. The
Dudes took the measure of the locals in
two out of three games last Saturday and
Sunday by playing the better ball. That
they lost the first game was a matter of
The local team has lost Its winning
stride and in consequence has gone down
the percentage column with a hop. skip
and a jump. The two victories of Santa
Cruz over the Senators have advanced the
Lobsters several stations, and they will
light San Francisco for second place un
less that team regains its old-time form.
The standing of the teams is as fol
lows:
' • 7) XT. 03.O i!' *t\ *2
p B p a i < — n>
ra 3 Is 5piO b i
3 r - _ 3 «« 2
a m js » . « 2
5 sing ; _ 3
CLUBS. | gig? j ; I
clubs, s 2 t? ? : j ; g
• 6 | J |; • t j
Sacramento ;14 515 34 58.58(1
Sacramento 14 5 5 34 58 .5S6
San Francisco 71.. 6! 9 34 65 J123
Santa Cruz 5 4 .. 11 30 59 .508
Oakland ".. 5 5 9 . . 29 6S .426
Lost 24 „ 29 39..!
The rivalry existing between teams has
broken out in fistic demonstrations and
this is something which the managers
should use every means within their
power to guard against. The squabble
between Dunleavy and Hildebrand, wh,ile
a personal affair, places their team in
bad odor. One redeeming feature of the
encounter is that it was not on the field.
Managers Harris and Kwing are alive to
the disposition of their men and they
should fine all players heavily who inter
fere with the progress of the game dur
ing contests, when no good reason for
protracted recalcitrancy exists, or when
their men engage in conduct that is hood
lumlike in character.
. ♦ .
The London Chronicle estimates that
6000 of the 14,000 parish churches in Eng
land are inclined toward ritualism.
CLOSE-HAULED ON STARBOARD TACK.
over her forward dock she rides over the water like a shallow-draught
center-boarder, and does less hammering than any ninety-footer that has
ever come out. of England.
She seems, indeed, to make less disturbance at her bow in a choppy
sea than the Columbia, although the latter has not been seen yet in such
weatherly conditions as those which prevailed during the challenger's first
sail on this side.
Somehow the Shamrock appears to displace less water at the bow than
the Columbia; nor docs water so much boil up on each side of the yacht,
to swirl along her side and under her counter for the making of a consid
erable wake, as Is the case with the defender.
• * •
It is difficult, perhaps impossible, to make trustworthy comparisons
without the yachts sailing side by side in the same water and air, but
carrying in the mind's eye the work of the Columbia under somewhat
similar conditions it docs look as though Fife had succeeded in giving his
product an easier entrance, for all its seemingly heavy bow, than Herres
hoff has secured for the more finely drawn racerlike bow of the Columbia.
And the value of easy entrance cannot be overestimated. It might
mean minutes in a thirty-eight mile race over a choppy cross-sea, and it
surely means seconds under any conditions.
Yet it must be borne in mind that no one has viewed the Columbia
under such conditions, or with the rig she was designed to carry, in
weather approaching that the Shamrock encountered on her second sail.
Harpers.
COLUMBIA
FAVORITE IN
THE BETTING
Odds of 10 to 8 Are Being
Offered on the American
Yacht
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— Betting on the
America's cup match has not yet become
active. Now and then wagers are heard
of on the result, but the amounts have
i been small. Before the arrival of the
! Shamrock the inclination was to make
the Columbia a great favorite, and there
were rumors of money being posted at
odds of two and three to one on the home
boat, but it was impossible at the time
to find out who the enthusiastic patriots
were that felt so sanguine that the Co
lumbia would win.
The Columbia still has the call In the
; betting, but it is conceded that the Sham-
I rock is a better boat than any of the pre
! vious challengers. The disposition on the
I part of the Columbia's admirers seems to>
I be to wait for terms not one-sided. Oc
casional bets have recently been made of
10 to S and even 10 to 7, with the Columbia
favorite, but the amounts have not been
large. The bulk of the Columbia money
will not be bet until next week, when the
holders of large sums hope to obtain even
money, but failing in this a point or two
may be conceded to the Shamrock ad
herents.
A prominent member of a city club .lust
returned from London reports that he suc
ceeded in placing £200 on the Columbia
there at even money and wanted more,
but was unable to get It. At the time he
made the bet there was only a meager
amount of speculation on the result of
the races.
Sloan Wins Twice.
LONDON, Sept. 20.— At the Birmingham
races the Great Midland handicap plate
of 400 sovereigns, for three-year-olds and
upward, was won by B. GottschaJks Lex
icon. Lord William Beresford's Chinook,
ridden by Sloan, was second. Eight horses
ran, and the betting was 9 to 2 against
Chinook.
The Atherston selling welter handicap
plate of 200 sovereigns was won by Moon
lit with Sloan up. Outpost was second
and Torres Vedras third. Eleven started.
The betting was 50 to 4 against Moonlit.
Sloan also finished first on the Wedlock
bay filly in the race for the Solihull nur
sery plate of 10S sovereigns. Madame Care
was second and Dryfoot third. Eleven
horses ran five furlongs. The betting
j was 5 to 4 on the Wedlock filly.
Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a $
marvel of beautiful illustrations |:
— its half-tone work being es- ||
pecially fine.CALIFORNIANS
WILL DOFF THE
BLUE TO-DAY
Both Commands to Be
Mustered Out.
COLORS WILL BE RETAINED
THE TWENTY-SEVENTH HAS
SAILED AWAY.
probable Chang-e of Programme for
the Grant and the Thirtieth
Regiment — No More
Smallpox Reported.
By to-night the California Volunteers
"will be out of service. The artillery will
go rst, and then the regiment will be
raid off and discharged. There win be no
ceremony about the discharge, and Its
most prominent feature Will be the clink
of gold. Not that the California men will
get very much in the way of money, but
it will be the first paid over to the men In
a long time. The artillery battalion has
had a pay-day since It returned here, but
It Is some months since the men of the
First Regiment have received anything.
They will get no travel pay. for the men
all enlisted here, and although there is
something due on the clothing allowances
of most of the men, it will not be much.
Before the regiment has gone out of the
service Colonel Duboce will issue a last
order to his men. In it he will recall to
their minds their old service in the guard,
and ■ ■•• will ask that the men stay to
gether, re-enter the service of the State,
and perpetuate the name and fame and
the organization of the old First Regi
ment.
The regtmental colors will be retained
as the sacred trust of the reorganized
regiment. There was a plan on Coot to
have them placed on -exhibition in the
rotunda of the City Hall, and kept there
us one of the treasures of the city, but
Colonel Duboce declined to let them go.
He did not feel justified in giving them
up he uttid, as the old guard regiment was
to be reformed, and he, and his officers,
believed the -colors should be retained by
those who had added to their luster.
They will be carried in all parades, in ad
uition to the new colors the regiment will
get, • and a special guard of honor,
selected from among the men who fought
under ■ them, will escort them. Their
place will be in the regimental armory.
.Battery D of the Volunteer Artillery
will leave for Los Angeles to-morrow by
s-peeial train. The men are all from the
touth, most of them from Los Angeles,
and a royal reception is awaiting them
down there.
Some of the men inarched from the
Presidio, and the remainder were
brought around on the tug Sea King.
The transport Tacoma, which was to
have sailed at 6 o'clock last evening, was
obtained until this morning on account
of a defective refrigerator. The George
W. Elder left her lock and anchored off
the Large office at 4 p. m. yesterday. She
bailed early this morning. The Twenty
seventh Regiment was distributed be
tween the two transports.
Several small boys tried to stow away on
the Elder, but they were discovered and
sent to the Harbor police station by the
uincers of the transport service. Boys 10
12 and 13 years of age seemed to nave
acquired the craze for going to the Phil
ippines, and every time a transport la
about to sail there are half a dozen moth
ers down at the Government wharf look
ing for missing sons.
The Twenty-seventh has left Just in
time to make room for the Thirty-second, ;
which will reach the Presidio to-day from
Fort X-eavenworth. Kansas. The Thirty
second is in command of Colonel Louis A.
raig.
The -.ran sport Grant will probably take
away the Thirtieth Regiment. She will
coma In to the Government wharf to-day
and the supplies for the Thirty-first that
are aboard will be unloaded. The Thir
tieth Regiment was to have sailed on the
Sherman, but as that vessel has been de
layed by the boiler-makers' strike and the
Grant is ready for sea the men will go on
her.
The hospital ship Relief has been de
layed again. She was to have sailed yes
terday, but fresh orders came from Wash
ington, and it may be, to-morrow before
s-he -•■- away. The ninety-eight men
who came out from the East and the
twenty nurses who were to sail on the
vessel have been ordered to other trans
ports.'so the lief will carryonly her own
crew and two or three doctors. She will
take on an extra supply of coal here and
may go via Guam and not call at Hono
lulu at all.
There has been no spread of the small
pox -at the detention camp. There are
seventeen- men being held, three of whom
have th«- ease and two more are sus
pected. These are kept in one section of
the camp and the other fourteen are kept
:i way from them. No more cases have
beon reported from the regiment at Angel
Island.
Major Junius L.. .Powell, surgeon
United States army, has been appointed
surgeon in charge of the recruit camps
at the Presidio, and also as medical in
spector of all camps at the post.
A -detachment, to consist of Second
Lieutenant Richard A. Rickard. United
States Volunteer Signal Corps, two signal
sergeants, a corporal and eleven signal
men. have been ordered to proceed •<> Ma
nila on the Sheridan when she Bails. The
men are now at Angel Island.
Lieutenant Colonel Marion P. Maus, In
spector general. United States volunteers.
lias been ordered to the Department of
< ■nlumhi.i to make inspections of the posts
In that pertinent.
A detachment of 400 assigned recruits
now at the Presidio will sail on the Sheri-
in for Manila.
The men will be organized into one bat
talion of three companies, under Captain
Edward' T. Winston, Nineteenth Infan
try; Second Lieutenant William B. Gra
ham, Thirty-sixth Infantry, United
States volunteers; Second Lieutenant Ed
ward :»■ Gowan, Thirty-sixth Infantry,
Unit'-d States volunteers, and Second
Lieutenant Lewis W. Cass, Thirty-
Beventh Infantry, United States volun
teers.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Fred W. Pal
mer bat been assigned to duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio.
GBAPE-NTJTS.
% Perfect I
I BODY BUILDING |
Food |
1 Grape-Nuts |
17 MATERIALS IN BODY.
If you would live well, eat well, that
3, make sen»ibk- Selection of your food.
The- body must have all of the seven-
en ingredients required in building
a body or disease sets in.
• -Nuts are made from wheat
irley, selected and so handled in
noceMefl of manufacture as to i
the starch into grape sugar,
the first part of the name,
contain all the needed elements (
mbine. with Oxygen. Water and j
,n to reconstruct and maintain
body in perfect health. Grape- (
:■ od is the most scientifically j
jirticle for human consumption ,
produced, and will make clear its t
healthful claims to any user. <
LAWYERS SWEAR
JUDGE COFFEY
IS PREJUDICED
Laura James Contest
in Court.
TWO AFFIDAVITS ARE FILED
ATTORNEYS HART AND FOX THE
AFFIANTS.
Both Contend That a Decision Ad
verse to Their Client Was
Reached Through Failure
to Credit Witnesses.
Judge Coffev has again teen charged
with prejudice. Two affidavits making
! this periodical charge againb: his Honor
, were filed yesterday morning by .W. if.
; H. Hart of Blythe case fame and George
j W. Fox, who is associated with Hart in
prosecuting the Interests of Laura Milan
James, the alleged contract widow of the
late Dr. C. A. James, and her infant son,
I Theodore Milan James.
The- charge of prejudice against Judge
I Coffey is the outcome of certain decisions
handed down by the court declaring- the
claims of the .alleged widow without foun
'■ dation.. Dr. James died a few years ago
i at his Howard street residence, leaving a
'large estate. As he died intestate the
property was tinder course of admiliistra
! lion pending distribution to relatives in
1 Indiana, when Mrs. James came forward
and tiled a petition in which she sought
distribute to her of all the estate by
virtue of her alleged relationship.
The case was assigned to Judge Con>y
I for trial, the marriage contract was pro
| duced and evidence to substantiate airs.
James' claim Introduced. Considerable
evidence tending to prove that the signa
ture on the contract was genuine was in
-1 troduced, but Juage Coffej handed down
I a decision declaring the document to be a
forgery. An appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court and the decision reversed,
! the higher tribunal holding that the lower
court erred In admitting certain evidence
' and excluding other.
Now that the case is back before the
Superior Court the attorneys named ob-
I ject to another trial before Judge Coffey,
i both claiming that the court was preju
diced and decided the case against nts
I own opinion. In his affidavit Attorney !
• Fox contends that Judge Coffey. compared
' signatures himself and failed to consider
, the evidence given by experts who j
testified that the one on the mar
riage contract was genuine, the
evidence pi Expert R. C. Hop
j kins, whose ability has been recognized
| by Circuit Judge Sawyer and other dis
tinguished . jurists, being among that
which the court failed to consider.
I Hart reached further into the case in
; his affidavit than does Fox. He says
that he has known Judge Coffey for many
years and that he Is positive that this j
jurist is a man of set opinions and that I
I in passing upon documents similar to the ;
one in question his Honor frequently does,
and especially in this case did. pass upon
the genuineness of the signature from his j
I own opinion and discredited the opinion of j
more experienced persons. He further
Bets forth that the action of Judge Coffey
in arriving at this adverse decision from i
his own opolnions closed an avenue of ac
tion, as "counsel were deprived of the
benefit as well as the pleasure of cross- :
examining his Honor on the subject of |
handwriting." For ttifse reasons Hart is (
confident that Judge Coffey cannot retry
the case without entertaining his opinion
heretofore formed, and hence a transfer
to another department is prayed for.
It is understood that when the motion i '
for a transfer comes up this morning At
torney Shadbourne. who represents the
heirs, will file a counter-affidavit, and the ; ,
contest between counsel, spiced now am!
then by the remark? of the court, will
make an interesting hearing.
A GUEST'S BANK ROLL.
Charge of Embezzlement Against the
Proprietor of the Ahlborn
House.
H. .T. Renner. a visitor from Georgia,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of August
Fehlemelcher, proprietor of the Ahlborn
House, on the charge of felony embezzle
ment, and Fehlemelcher was arrested and
booked on the charge. He was released
on bonds.
Renner stated that when he went to the
Ahlborn House as a guest he deposited
with the proprietor a roll of bills amount
ing to $640. When he asked for the bills
yesterday the defendant's wife took: the
j-.ill out of the safe, but on counting it he
found that $140 was missing. He demand
balance, but w.a.- refused, and as
certained later that the proprietor had
lost the money in gambling.
Fehlemelcher admits that Renner
handed him a mil of bills, and when he
offered to count it he told him it was
all right. The roll was pirn-™} in the safe
and returned to Renner by defendant's
•wife. Two hour? later Renner came back
and said there was $140 short. The nll
had not b'-eu interfered with from the
time it was locked up in the safe till de
livered to Rentier.
Advances made on furniture and planoß, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
NIT A FISH WILL BE THE
BRIDE OF J. DEIFENBACH
MISS NIT^A FISH of this city, who has bepn visiting Southern Califor
nia during the past year, will next month become the bride of J.
Delfenbach of Hueneme, Lrf)s Angeles County. The wedding will be
celebrated at the beautiful home of the Erlangers in Berkeley and
will be amoni? the important social functions of the season.
Thia Is the first public announcement of the engagement of Miss Fish
and Mr. Delfenbach, and the news of the coming marriage will be In the
nature of a surprise to the mnny friends of the bride-elect, who is flfe wi-ll
and popularly known In Oakland and Berkeley as she Is In tlie social gr
c\cs of her own city. While not a college girl, she has scores of friends
among t li«- students nt the State University.
Miss Fish is a sister of James Fish, formerly connected with the Oak
land Postofflce and now Postmaster at Valdez, Alaska, to which place he
was recently transferred.
Mr Peifenbach is one of the leading young men of his home town and
met Mips Fish while she was in the South. Her parents reside In Canada.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUHSBAY, SEPTEMBER 21,-1899.
WEDDED AT THE HOME
OF A REVERED PASTOR
AVERT pretty wedding ceremony
took place yesterday afternoon at
4 o'clock at the Larkln-street resi
dence of the Rev. Dr. Horatio Steb
bins of the First Unitarian Church. The
contracting: parties were Louis M. Walters
and Miss Edyth C. Cochran. The cere
mony that made Mr. Walters and Miss
Cochran husband and wife was brief and
simple. Among the first to extend them
congratulations were Dr. Stebbins and his
wife. Only the immediate relatives and
friends of the bride and groom were in
attendance.
Mr. Walters, the groom, is a wealthy
resident of the Western Addition and has
been in business in that part of the city
for a number of years. The bride 1? a
clauerhter of Mrs. T.. H. Cnchran of Men
,'. cir.o Count) . bui has made tier h m ■■
In this city for a number of years past.
She is a graduate of the Girls 1 High
FIREMEN ON THE
AUSTRALIA GET
WAGES ADVANCED
Back to What It Was
Five Years Ago.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
mail steamer Australia sailed for Hono
lulu yesterday with sixty-five cabli: and
forty steerage pessengers and over 1000
tons of cargo. This is an unusually heavy
load of merchandise, hut 8000 tons more
would have been shipped could the vessel
have carried it.
The. coal passers and firemen on the
Australia went out happy. A few hours
before ih< vessel sailed they sent a dele
gation t" Captain Howard, superintend
ent of the company, asking for an ad
vance of wages. The matter was referred
to the head office, and an advance of $."'
a month w:is given the men. The w;tK«-s
for firemen and coal passers i? now back
to what ir was flve years ago, and the
men arc in mn?. quence juhllant.
It is now believed that the big pile raft
which broke away from the Czarina has
gone to pieces. The schooner Defender
reports passing through a number of
plies with the nark on, and the Cleone,
when two miles r.ff Caspar, saw two lots
Of them. The raft that was towed in hy
the tugs Rnll^f and Rescue was com
posed of barked piles. A number of them
drifted out during the tow and have since
been spoken. The raft which got away
from thi- Czarina was composed of piles
with the bark on, and it '.vaa probably
portions of it that the Defender and
Cleone saw.
The Cleone towed the schooner Dewey
down from Albion and narrowly escaped
colliding with an unknown collier. The
captain of the Cleone says he signaled
that he had a tow und the collier
answered. Instead of looking out for the
tow the collier cut across the Cleone'9
stern und struck the Dewey a glancing
blow. No damage was done, and both
vessels held on their course.
Lieutenant Porter. V . S. N., has been
detached from the training ship Adams
and will go East in a few days. The
lieutenant is a son of the late Admiral
David E. Porter.
Flour is n very scarce commodity in San
Salvador rind Guatemala just now and
next month will see some heavy ship
ments from this port down there. Ho
scarce Is the article that the Government
of Guatemala has thrown off the duty
during the month of October, so flour will
School, Is highly accomplished and iS |
noted for her beauty.
After the marriage ceremony a luncheon
was served at the home of the bride's
mother. The happy couple then departed
yn the 6 o'clock overland train for an ex
tended Eastern trip. They expect to be
in New York in time to witness the great
homecoming demonstration in honor of
Admiral Dewey. On their return homo
they will take apartments at the Pleas
iinton.
•• ■
he admitted free for thirty clays. The
little steamer Maule Is lure to take ad
vantage of this state of affairs. She will
load up with all the flour she can carry
and will sail from here some time next
week. The steamer Colon, which sails on
the 28th Inst for Centra! American ports,
will also take some large consignments
and other vessels may be put on the
berth.
Lightship No. 70 came In from the bar
yesterday and a lirst-class can buoy htis
taken her place. The lightship has to be
overhauled and it Will be October a before
she is back in her old place.
Two of the crew of the French bark
Lamorclere deserted last Tuesday night.
They gnt over the side and swam to the
British ship Ventura and from her got
ashore in a Whitehall. The sailing of the
Lamorclere was delayed in consequence
and her shipping master is now seeking
for men to 1111 the places of the deserters.
RECEIVED THEIR BOYS.
Entertainment for the Men
Who Enlisted From St.
Joseph's Parish.
There was a complimentary reception
to the members of the two California vol
unteer commands at St. Joseph's Hall
last evening. The reception was in honor
of those members of the regiment and
the artillery battalion who are members
of the parish of St. Joseph, but there
was no limit to the soldiers who were
to be received. Every one who wore the j
blue was welcome and every one of the
men who came was made to feel him
self so.
A most interesting and entertaining
programme had been prepared, and when
it opened there was not a vacant seat
in the hall. On the platform were some
of the prominent people of the parish and
several of the officers- of the regiment,
and through the audience the bluecoats
were scattered from stage to doorway.
The feature of the programme was an
address by Father McKinnon, the chap
lain of the First, who wove Into a sim- j
ple tale of the life of the men In the I
islands a good deal of information about i
affairs down there. What the soldier
needs, he said, is not criticism, but sup- |
port; he needs the encouragement of his
people at home; he needs more evidences
of patriotism and less fault (hiding. It
Is easy to* tell how to run things down
there, he said, but it Is not so easy to go
down and run them, and In that con
nection he paid a compliment to General
Otis, who, he said, is as prudent and
hard working a man as there is in the
army.
In speaking of the people Father Mc-
Kinnon said there are eighteen tribes, all
favorably disposed toward the United
States except the Tagailos. The Tagal
lOß, he said, are treacherous, and as an ;
instance of their treachery he told how ;
they once went into the northern part |
of the island and inviting all the tribes
in the vicinity to meet them they asked
; who was in favor of peace. A vote was
taken and a great many declared them
selves for peace, and the next day the
Tagallos sought them out and killed them
all. The war will last, he said, until there !
are troops enough In the islands to pro- i
tect those who are kept from showing
their allegiance to this country through
fear of the Tagallos. When they are pro- |
tected they will come out as friends and j
then the Tagallos will be left alone and
cannot hold out. There are 50,000 of them
armed with modern arms.
Father McKinnon spoke enthusiastically
of the work of the men from California
and he praised the work of General
Smith, particularly his government of
Negros.
When Father McKinnon came upon the
stage he was given an ovation that few
men can claim. Everyone roße and every- '
one shouted, and for some minutes there ;
v.-as no stopping the storm. His remarks
: throughout wen greeted with bursts of \
applause, particularly the persona] inci
dents he told of and the deeds of bravery
he described.
The audience was welcomed by Father
Scanlan, pastor of St. Joseph's church.
The reception whs under the auspices of
the St. Vincent de Paul Society of the I
parish. The programme in full was as ;
. follows: :-!*'
Instrumental quartet, "Stars and Stripes"
(Sousa) K. Finn, violin; H. Hay. piano; C. :
king bnnjo; T. McMahon. accordion; Introduc
tory remark, John T. Dowlln*, president St.
Vincent & Paul Society; address of welcome,
Rev Father Bcaltlan, pastor of St. Joseph's;
Church; ballad. Miss Lattte Crawford; cornet <
■oh "Let Me HIM ■ Soldier Fall" (Wallace),
J nines O'Connor; H<l<lref>». Hon. James D. Phe
lan Mayor of San Francisco; Instrumental
ciuartet. "'-Whistling Kufus" ; humorous selec- -
tion* \V J. Hynes; Knickerbocker male nuar
tet, "Kentucky Babe" (Oeibel), Herbert Wil- I
Hums first tenor; >•. M Billot second tenor; D, i
11. Crane llr«t Lass. 1,. A. Lar»en, second bans; j
bustle principal musician. Sergeant Julian |
M Altken. First California InitPil States Vol
unteer Infantry; address, "On the Firing
Line," Hey. Father MeKlnnon. chaplain First
California I'nltcd States Volunteer Infantry;
contralto »ok», Miss Adeline Wrchler; singing
comedians. Kelly and Marlowe. !
Miss Kalisher's Recital.
Mips Clara Kallsher, the San Francisco
contralto who ha* just completed a four
years' course of study In Paris and Ber
lin, will give a reception recital at
Sherman & Clay Hall this evening. She
win sins several numbers never heard In
San Francisco before and will be assisted
by Prank Coffin. the well known tenor,
uiid Dr. 11. J. Stewart, accompanist.
Alleged Bunko Game.
Peter Roblln, a Klondike miner who
had one « >f his hands frozen off while
searching for gold, swore to a complaint
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday for
the arrest of F. S. Crandall and Charles
McLane on the charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses. He alleged that he
bought a cigar store at 412 Kearny street
from the defendants on the representa
tion that the stock was worth $300, but as
a matter of fact it was not worth more
than $25.
GRATIA VANCE
HAD A TRIO
OF HUSBANDS
Judge Coffey Hears a
Unique Contest.
SEEKING A CHILD'S CUSTODY
SON OF THE DECEASED IS THE
OBJECT OF LITIGATION.
The Court Must Determine the Pa
rentage of the Child as Well as
the I/=gal Stc.tus of the
Case at Bar.
The contest for the guardianship of Ira
Leroy Vance, chiid of the late Gratia
Vance, was commenced before Judge Cof
fey yesterday, and seme interesting sec
tions of tlie family skeleton of the de
ceased thai have long been closeted were
dragged into i> ibitc view. Ira Lincoln
Vance, who adopted the boy In question,
seeks his custody by virtue of the re
lationship he believes he bean toward
the boy. while Julia Evans Rose, the
youth's grandmother, prays for his cus
tody, claiming that by reason of her
daughters many and peculiar marriages
fhe boy's alfeged father is not entitled
to his custody.
Gratia Vance, mother of the lad whose
fate is now banging in the balance, died
a short time ago leeaving an estate of
some little value. Ira Lincoln Vance
Immediately made application for letters
.of administration upon the .'state and
also asked for the custody of the child.
Within a few "lays Mrs. Rose filed a sim
ilar application, and the contest was on.
Yesterday it went to trial, and through
the testimony runs the thread of an In
teresting tale.
According to the testimony introduced
by Mrs. Hose, her daughter, several years
ago In a little town in New York, married
Frederick Dunne. They lived together for
a short time, and then, for some unknown
reasons drifted apart. Next, without hay.
ing been divorced from Dunne, she be
came the wfe of Orson Debillo Hill.
Finally she drifted away from Hill, but
while her marriage to him was still in
full force and effect she again went
through the ceremony of marriage witn
the petitioner, Ira Lincoln Vance.
It is said that the child Is the natural
son of the second husband. Hill, but if,
as asserted, when she married Hill the
Child's mother was the legal wite of
Dunne, the lad is of illegitimate parent
age. Hill denies that she was the wile
of Dunne when he manod her. He fle-
Clares she wns divorced and that the child
is his legitimate son. Vance claims other
wise however. He says the woman who
bore his name at the time of her aeath
was his legal wife for the reason that
Dunne was dead when he married her,
and that the fact that Dunne was alive
when Hill married her invalidated Hills
marriage, as there was no divorce, in
consequence, he declares he is entitled to
letters of administration and the guarrt
lanship of the child, which, he says, he
adopted, with his mother's consent,
shortly after he married her.
Hill 'has nominated Mrs. Hose as guard
ian of the child, claiming that as the nat
ural father of the child he has the ngat
to dictate as to matters concerning its
future welfare. After Mrs. Rose had
finished her testimony an adjournment
was taken.
FERRAL WAS AGGRESSIVE.
Was on the Verge of Contempt in the
Sullivan Case.
The defense In the trial of Cornelius J.
Sullivan, charged with the murder of his
stepfather. J. L. Pratt, was concluded be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday. Judge Fer
rel. who represents the defendant, nar
rowly escaped being adjudged guilty of
contempt of court, but he made a point
in favor of his client. Judge Ferral called
Detective Brainbridge to the stand and
sought through him to prove that the
deceased had twice been convicted and
Bent to penitentiary; that once he escaped
therefrom and again was convicted of a
crime against the ballot box in Alameda
County Judge Ferral produced the crim
inal record and although it was objected
to and the objection sustained the
prisoner's lawyer through a series or
side steps, notwithstanding the ruling- of
the Court, managed to get the facts con
tained in the record before the jury. On
concluding his many questions to the de
tective, the record being the basis of
each none of which were answered by
order of the Court, Judge Ferral asked
th-it an exception to each ruling of the
Court be entered. Judge Lawlor refused
to make the order on the ground that It
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has Just unearthed another
band- of counterfeiter* and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
i executed that the average person would never
suspect them of being spurious. Things of
i great value are always selected for Imitation,
! notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, whlcti has
many Imitators but no equals for disorders like
indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to relia
ble druggists who have the reputation of giv
j ing what you ask for. '
BEECHAM'S PILLS
cure bilious and nervous ills. ,
sick headache, disordered
4 liver and impaired digestion.
lOcenxta and 95 cents, at all druv stores. ■
I jT »i«Tt-r-t-T-f-t-»- 1
Eye = Glasses
WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Bausch & Lomb Stereo Field Glasses.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Quick repairing:.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTIC.ANS< HOT^PH.C^TU3. .
642 Market St. instrument*
■M9IR CIMMM fminiMt.
(. . —
chronic flgggr&Tsm
NASAL CATARRH Bfl?'«'^sl
! !«oru even breath drawn BB &€wJfi£S?.iii 1
I Into the lungs. Don't nt-n- WT.*h._ q '»«kB"*«0j
lect It. There la a 'remedy jj^WfEVEft jffi» if A
fnr th!s trouble. It la Kjv^ VjffJfMA
Ely's Cream Balm pw^j?e||
It relieves Immediately th.- P^jlS-^J^^^OT
painful Innammatlon. $TfjßCttJ%Zya!s!iM
cleanses, heals and -cure!). Hfy \->^»»"' — JSS
Cream bnlm In placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
' —does not produce sneezing. Large size, We;
at drupglsts or by mall: trial size, 10c, by mall.
! ELY BROTHERS. 16 Warren «t.. New York.
! visit DR JORDAN'S great
f MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
I 9 (3 1051 MASKS ST. tet.fti*Ki,C.F.Cd.
1I T Or The Ijr e ' it Anatomical Museum in the
A World. Wr»knes^es or «ny contracted
üßs aR disr.ise p»-»l«l»ely cured by the oldest
0 IP HI ipeculist en the Cotst. E*L 36 years.
A fl^yj OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
\ m^BK^m Comultitlon tree and rtrirtly private
■ MjSwrm Trc iimeni personally or by letter. A
WM ff^tW J"O».riv» CVr»m every case undertaken.
A9n ll A Write for Book. PHILSdurBY of
f "fl I? MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A
k A IL valuable book for mri:) I
I f DR. JOBD A .>' A CO.. 1061 Market St.. 8. P.
was too latp. Here Ferral began an argu
ment on the life that rested in his hands,
that he was in court for Justice and for
right and if the Court would not allow
him an exception he would ask the ques
tirins over again. Judge Lawlor quietly
warned him not to take the risk. An
other argument followed and then Ferral
abandoned his purpose, but through an
other series of questions managed to
evade the ire of the Court and seek the
desired information. This done the case
of the defense rested and the introduc
tion of testimony tn rebuttal commenced.
Argument will be concluded perhaps this
afternoon and by night the stand taken
by the jury in this, the fourth trial, of
the defendant will be known.
In the Divorce Court.
Juolpe Troutt has granted Minnie L.
Calvin a divorce from William H. Calvin
on the ground of extreme cruelty. The
custody of a minor child was awarded
Mrs. Calvin. Joseph E. Owings has been
granted a divorce from Sadie V. Owing*
on th*> ground of desertion. Decrees of
divorce have also been granted Mary
Adami from John Adami, on the ground
of extreme cruelty; Catharine Molloy
from Joseph Molloy, on the ground of
willful neglect and Adelaide M. King
from Jnhn H. King, on the ground of i-x
--treme cruelty. The application of Anna
M. Meyer for a divorce from William
Meyer, on the ground of cruelty, was de
nied by Judge Hunt. The court said that
he believed the unhappiness of the couple
was caused by the interference of one
Gottfried TeuFcher. and advised that
Teuscher's interference be no longer tol
erated and they would find domestic con
tent.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Howard H. Harsha against Louella Har
sha, for desertion; James Little against
Alice Little, for cruelty, and Mrs. M. H.
Wells against F. J. Wells, for failure to
provide.
" Green " beer is
fermented in a high
temperature, and put
on the market before
fermentation is com-
plete. It may cause
biliousness.
Wielands
Extra Pale
is fermented for
months — till "ripe"
• — almost at the freez-
ing point, where all
the air has been fil-
tered.
It never causes biI-
IOUSneSS. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144
California Bott:ine Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections SlO and
611 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash «
ASSET?.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $72,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 391,313 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds. Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office SM 97
Cash in Banks 77,863 25
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 15,886 25
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 6,315 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 124,212 TO
fertiflf-ate of deposit in hands of
United State* Trustees 25,000 00
Cash In hands of United Btate« Trus-
tees 2,600 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .$715,819 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,753 SO
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17,006 0«
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 1,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $302,347 97; re-insur-
ance 50 per cent 151,17199
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $235,882 41; re-in-
Burance pro rata 143,598 81
Gross premiums on Marine and In-'
land Navigation Risks, $ -;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ 1 re-insurance 50
per cent
Total Liabilities - .$328.082 16
INCOMK.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $472,076 80
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 3,680 00
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 1T.384 64
Received for Rents
Total Income .$493,139 99
EXPKNmTTJTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $38,999 14, losses of previous
years) $305,699 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(including %■ . losses of pre-
vious years) •■-•••••••
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 158,185 18
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 38,632 72
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • •• 9,94160
All other payments and expenditures.. 27.862 14
Total Expenditures $538,114 47
Losses incurred during the year, fire... 5296. 222 99 ;
Risks and Premiums. (Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $52,709,606 $691.707 87
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 46,548.959 710,895 51
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898 1 48,718.312 538,280 38
ADOLPH LOEB,
United States Manager
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th
day of February, 1899.
MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET,
«AN FRANCISCO. CAI*
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' •
sbbbbbbbbb^.
Jll carters'
ICTIfiMOnB HDM ■ ■ m Mm MM
B)CK HEADACHE
. Positively cored by these
,liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
-1 feet remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable, ( 4
Small Pill,, Small Dose.
\.\; l Small Price.'
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KlUt.\ VST. Established
in 185* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body-and mind and
.Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fall. .Try him. Charges low.
t'nrpneuiiranK'Pd. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F- UIBBO9T. Box lU37. San Francisco.
"When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call. _
-*-O-*-O<-C >0-»-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-*-0-*0"»-,0-*O+
! I Take advantage ♦
5 Of the Round-Trip , q
+ Tickets to ♦
° ,°.
! ? Hotel del Coronado. i
° , o
£ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel; t
? if longer, $2.50 a day. ?
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st, ?
o San Francisco. O|
♦ t
••■O-4-O-4-O-*- O-«-O-*O ■♦- O-»-O-»-C-»-O-*-O*-O-*'
../ETNA SPRINGS,.
For grand scenery, invigorating
climate, health-giving waters and
good living spend a while at /Etna.
Hates. $10 to $14 per -week; S. P. to St, He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m. ; private rig to
springs; round trip. $7. Apply \V. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs. Napa Co., or J. H. SIMP-
PON, I. O. O. F. building, San Francisco.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Brights and other renal
complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D..
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st
SKAGGS'HOTSPRiNGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4% HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' staff-
Ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; beat
natural bath in State; swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $o 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
■week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing —
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
. HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
r | T HE best Deer Hunting, Mineral Water*.
" Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
the hunting' is good. J. CRAIO, Manager.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to "Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FIXE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect Six-
teen miles from Truokee, in the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
art unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak. no pests,
and pure air and pure, water. Address MRS.
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
Go +o BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your
Rheumatism.-. Address A. BETENS, at
springs, or call on LOMBARD & CO.,
agents, room 30. 22H Geary st.
~ BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, good
boating on lake; boats free to guests, prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
LAUREL DEL ;
LAKE - AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. •  H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS!
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O. '
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ. Santa 'Cruz, Cal.
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
This hotel is located on the corner of Locust
' and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, 11 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON. _ 304
; Montgomery et.
...DO NOT...
:«Uv Be Without
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting: th&
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by-prepaying jj for sams
at the : Business Office or by order through
carrier. :
...TERMS...
15 Cents per Week
65 Cents pep Month
fOSTAOe PREPAID*
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat still dull, but rather stronger everywltere.
Barley, Oats and Corn neglected.
Flour and Millstuffs as previously quoted. ; ' i
Beam and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Hay in lessened receipt and rather firmer for choice.
Potatoes, Onions and I 'egctahlcs about the same.
Xo variation in Poultry worthy of note.
Fancy Butter firm and other grades weak.
Cheese and Eggs quiet and not over steady.
Wine Crapes continue to advance under scarcity.
Another rise in Melons. Lemons and Limes scarce.
Pried Fruits in good demand.
Xo change in Provisions.
Charters.
The British ship Falrport. now at Tacoma.
comes here In ballast to 1 ad wheat for Europe
at 36s Sd.
The Hay Market.
The circular of SonWTS & Co. says of Hay:
"Receipts for the week ending to-day show
a total somewhat less than for the week pre
ceding, the account as Indicated about amount
ing to about 4000 tons, In comparison with 4300
tons for the week preceding. The situation 1?
practically uncharged here, although the ab
sence of strictly choice wheat hay Is more
marked now than at any time previous this
season. There is plenty of gm>d hay coming.
but for retail purposes we must have gilt-edge
•wheat hay and choice . ill! .- red or black tame
oat. These two varieties will probably be in
fair demand throughout the entire year, but j
there Is such an Immense amount of other j
grades that for the present at least there
seems to be a very discouraging future for
same.
"We are continually hearing of large lots of
tally hearing of larse lots of
hay that are being used In private store
houses and in many warehouse buildings where i
the owners are not considering for a moment :
marketing their hay under present prices. It j
(<oe., seen at present from the number of new- .
barns erected that we will have a large sur
plus of hay at the end of the present season un
)r-ss. as we have expressed slves before,
eomo unexpected demand springs up."
Weather Report.
(12nth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eur-.ka M San Diego '']
Fresno 102 Sacramento 95
Los Angeles SS Independence 9:
];,.] Bluff M Yuma Ms
Kan Luis Obispo 80|
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ita: Maximum temperature.
64; minimum, '<■ . mean. a".
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific- Slope. An area
of high pressure Is moving In from the Pacific
and causing generally cloudy and much colder
weather over th» northern half of the Pacific
flone It will probably be followed by rain
over the northern half of the coast Thursday
The temperature has fallen slightly over Cal
ifornia. Nevada. T'tnh and Arizona. At Port- !
land there has been a fall of 20 degrees and at
Seattle IS degrees during the past twenty-four
hours. Warm weather prevails In the valleys
of California. Conditions have been favorable
for raisin making near Fresno. A maximum
temperature of 92 degrees is reported at Mount
Tamalpals rid a corresponding maximum of
12 at Point Reyes.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ling mldnlgl September 21, 1899:
For Northern California— Cloudy Thursday;
probably light showers in extreme northern
portion Thursday night; cooler In the interior;
western winds on the coast, with fog.
For Southern California— Fair Thursday, with
fog along the coast: light westerly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Thursday; cooler in the
.northern portion.
For Utah— Cloudy; cooler Thursday. •
For Arizona— Fair Thursday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
Thursday, with heaw fog in the morning;
southerly changing to westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. ' ADIE,
Forecast Official.
•
<t — : _ — »
<r — «>
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
XCT' YORK, Sept. 20.— This was a day of
violent fluctuations and great speculative ex
citement upon the Stock Exchange. The move
ment of prices . .... bo feverish and uncertain
that the disposition among professional opera
tors was generally to close up accounts with
tho day. As a consequence net changes are
astonishingly email considering the wide vi
l.ratiun during the day. in only a few instances
do they exceed fractions, and though the ma
jority of Kti.cka are lower there is a fair sprink
ling of gains. There was a time in the morn
ing when a long 111 • of specialties had advanced
between 1% and 3 points and during the after
noon they' Cell very generally to as much be
low last night's level. A range of between
S and S points was traversed during the day
by the lowing Indus-trial Block*:
Continental • Tobacco, ■ Smelling preferred,
Colorado Fuel. Consolidated (Jan. Federal Steel,
Manhattan, People's Gun, Tobacco, Metropoli
tan Strtet Railway and Tennessee Coal. Ihe
railroad stocks did not move nearly so widely
aH a rule, but an extreme range of between
Ivs and 4>* wtis traversed by St. Paul, Rock
Inland. Burlington, Northwestern, Great west
ern "A." Chicago and Eastern Illinois, St.
Paul ..... Duluth, Great Northern preferred,
leading first preferred and Lackawanna. Th»
index of the market all day was Brooklyn
Transit, the dealings in which were on an
enormous scale. With a total capitalization of
430.000 shares, to-day's dealings In this stock
footed up 285,175 shares. it advanced 2% after
the opening, fell VA to a new low level at 704.
and then retraced its course, rising 8 points
to 83Vs. and closing at the high level of the
morning. The whole market followed in its
wake In a general way, though Its erratic
fluctuations were impossible to follow at all
times. The market was a gigantic speculative
contest throughout. The bears broke down the
(rains which had been built up in the morning
with apparently little effort and dislodged some
very heavy offerings on the decline from hold
ers who had vainly hoped that the fall in
prices bad come to an end. There was large
selling through commission houses and tha
flood of industrials poured upon the market
•was said to be due to the calling of some large
loans in which these stocks figured as collater
als and had to be sold to liquidate. United
States . Milling, which sold yesterday at 56,
Bold to-day at 24, after first selling at 2.'.. an
extreme decline of 32 points. The preferred
Etock, after selling yesterday at 75, sold to-day
at 80, The closing prices for these stocks were
for the common 20tf}25 and for the preferred
40050. There was no Important development
to-day 'in the ' money situation. The rise In
New York exchange at Chicago and the ad
vance'in the call loans at- some other Eastern
cities' indicates that the Western demand for
money has been shifted some from New York
to the other Eastern cities. Considerable sums
of Chicago money are reported to have been
loaned in New York during the week. The
outgo, however, still continues both to the in
terior and to the sub-treasury. Foreign ex
change was somewhat easy, more notably bo
on Paris and Berlin than on London. At this
time last year when New York's surplus re
nerve had fallen below {5, GOO gold began
promptly to come In from Europe. Previous
to September last year we had already im
ported over $100,000,000 of gold on balance.
■while thus far this year the excess of ex
ports of gold has been nearly $3,000,000. Al
though the merchandise exports for eight
months of this year Is nearly $75,000,000 less
than last year the unliquidated trade balance
in our favor thus ' far this year is therefore
jo ; , 000,000 greater than for the same period last
year. Sterling exchange Is still IV4 cents In
the pound above the level at which gold Im
ports began last year.
Bonds weakened In sympathy with stocks,
but the movement was not wide. Total sales
par value, $1. 512.000.
United States bonds were unchanged In bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares * y .' . Closing
Bold. Stocks— • • Bid.
3,220 Atchlson 20H
31 450 Atchison prefd 62 1
2 440 Baltimore & Ohio 60
'500 Canadian Pacific 91%
115 Canada Southern 51%
Central Pacific 56V4
1,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 26%
. 6.020 - Chicago Great Western... 14%
21,650 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 129
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 9%,
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 40
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois WJ4
1,600 Chicago & Northwestern 166%
18.770 Chicago Rocklsland & Pacific 112
300 C C C & St Louie 644
2l<o Colorado Southern 4%
725 Colorado Southern first prefd 43%
ISO Colorado Southern second prefd 15
4,450 Delaware & Hudson 122%
6,947 Delaware Larkaivanna & Western. .IS- 1 *
2,400 Denver & Rio Grande ' 21' i
2.100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74%
Erie 18%
6!)5 Erie first prefd 3*%.
020 Great Northern prefd :■■'«.
430 Hocking Coal 17%
200 Hocking Valley 33
l.f'.'O Illinois Central 112%
430 lowa Central 12%
2'K) [i v a Central ■ "•■:''] B5
200 Kansas City Pitts,burg & Gulf S
Lake Brie & Western 17
Lake Erie & Western prefd — 75
...- Lake Shore 202
Ift.nso Louisville A Nashville W.i
40,810 Manhattan Elevat< ! 107%
14,535 Metropolitan Street Railway 19i,< 3
2.103 Mexican Central 14%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis., 71%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S3
10.710 Missouri Pacific 44',
1.2.V) Mobile & Ohio 43%
837 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
2.42") Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39%
2,(k''O New Jersey Central 119%
£.400 New York Central 137%
4.C40 Norfolk & Western 23%
600 Norfolk * Western prefd 6*\
6.850 Northern Pacific &2%
1.214 Northern Pacific prefd Tv U
5.225 Ontario & ". ■■•:-: SiVs
Oregon Railway <£: Navigation. 43
...' Oregon Ry a.- Navigation prefd 76
0,310 Pennsylvania 131 V*
Pittsburg C C & St Louie 74\
L.OOO Reading EIU
13,210 Reading first prefd IS
200 Reading second prefd 32
Rio Grande Western 37' i
Rio Grande Western prefd K0
100 St Louis & Pan Francisco 11-«
ft Louis & Run Fran first prefd 70
630 Xt Louis & San Fran »'oond prefd.. 85V4
200 St Louis & Southwestern m v
1.720 "St Louis i Southwestern prefd — BS\
12.970 Bt Paul lSf»%
St Paul prefd 17&
100 Bl Paul & Omaha 119
26,123 Southern Pacific 36 4
KiO B( uthei Railway '. 11%
7.150 Southern Railway prefd 61%
2,600 Texas & Pacific 19
6,760 Union Pacific 44%
7,270 Union Pacific prefd 7* •«
217 Wabatsh 7',
1,200 Wabash prefd 21%
3.210 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
1,050 Wheeling & Lake Erie second prefd 29
200 Wisconsin Central 16V4
Express Companies —
Adams 115
American 147
100 United States 50
200 Wells Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
1,210 American Cotton Oil 43
200 American Cotton Oil prefd 92 •
American Malting 15
200 American Malting prefd 66%
1,410 American Smelting & Refining 37Vi
2.459 American Smelting & Refining prefd 87%
American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd 30%
2.460 American Steel Hoop 10%
l; 750 American Steel Hoop prefd S4
12.000 American Steel & Wire 57=.;
1,300 American Steer & Wire prefd ■■• .
1,000 American Tin Plate ::*(%
1,223 American Tin Plate prefd M
65,170 American Tobacco 124
American Tobacco prefd 143
1.450 Anaconda Mining Co f.'jt-i
285,175 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 52",
13.550 Colorado Fuel & Iron .',?•%
13.660 Continental Tobacco 42%
2,650 Continental Tobacco prefd i«2v,
24,720 Federal Steel 5:%
10,225. Federal Steel prefd 77'
1,050 Genera] Electric 119
1,040 Glucose Sugar 69%
Glucose Sugar prefd jrs
1,200 International Paper 27
800 International Paper prefd 73
2O Lai Ie le Gas 65
"CO National Biscuit 43 i
National Biscuit prefd 98
100 National Lead 29
... National Load prefd 110
l,4"0 National Steel w>%
£00 National Steel prefd 94
100 New York Air Brake 158
200 North American ]■'■.
600 Pacific Coast 46%
Pacific Coast first prefd f2
Pacific Coast second prefd C 3
2.C00 Pacific Mall :-'•>;
44,165 People's Gas i- t
1,060 Pressed Steel Car 56%
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd us'
160 Pulman Palace Car 165
1,690 Republic Steel 27%
1.325 Republic Steel prefd 7114
470 Standard Rope & Twine 6%
50,520 Sugar 14:1
Sugar prefd 116
10.420 Tennessee Coal & Iron 12014
4,390 United States Leather 11%
4.750 United States Leather prefd 75%
3,666 United States Rubber 46%
United States Rubber prefd 11414
1,030 Western Union 57%
915,700 Shares Bold.
CLOSING STOCKS.
U S 2b reg 100% M X & T 2<Js 70
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 93
Do coup 108% j N V Cent Ists 111%
Do new 4s reg.. 130 X J Cent gen 55. 119%
Do coup 130 No Carolina 6» 130
Do old 4s reg 111% Do 4s 101%
Do coup 113% No Pacific lstß 113 "
Do 6s« reg 111% Do 3f G6
Do coup 111%' Do 4a 103%
Dist Colum 3.655. .117 NTCtSL 45.. 107%
Ala class A 100 Norf & W con 4s. 94
Do class D 109 i Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 103 Ore Nay lsts 115
Do currency 100 , Do 4b 101%
Atchlson' 1 gen 45.. .101% Ore Short Line 05.127
Do adj 4s 86 ; Do con 5s 115
Can So 2ds 109% Reading gen 4s 86%
Ches & Ohio 4%5. 95% R G W lsts ji7%
Do 5b US% Bt L & I M con 55. 112%
Chi & S Wcon 75. 145 St L & S F gen 65. 124%
Do S F deb 55. ..120 St Paul con 173V4
Chi Term 4s MVSt P C & P 15t5.. 121
D & R G lsts 10614 Do 5s 121
D & R G 4s 99% ( So Railway 6s 10$%
E Term Va & Ga 8 Rope & Twine 6s S3
Ist? 106 Nenn new set 35.. 95
Erie en 4s 70% Texas & Pac lsts. lls
F W & D C Ist.. 78 Do 2ds 57
Gen Elec 5s 116 1 Union Pacific 45.. .108%
GH&S A6s 108 Wabash lsts 115%
Do 2ds 108 Do 2ds 100
H & T C as 110% West Shore 4s 112%
Do con 6s 11l Wis Cent lets 77
lowa Cent lsts 116 IVa centuries 87
X C P & G lsts.. 70%! Do deferred .... 4.
La new con 45. ..106 C & S 4s 85%
L & Nash unl 4s. 99%
MININt* STOCKS.
Chollar 40' Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 20|Ophlr 1 05
Con Cal & "Va 1 60 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 65 Quicksilver .2 00
Gould & Curry 22; Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross. 25 Sierra Nevada 72
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 54; Union Con 40
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket .... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 514
Call loans 4%!f?5 West End 9314
Time loans ....4%©6% Do prefd 113%
Stocks— Westinghouse Elec 47
AT& S F 20% Do prefd 65%
Do prefd 62 Bonds —
American Sugar ..143 Atchlson 4s 9914
Do prefd 116 ! Mining Stocks-
Bell Telephone ..MO Adventure 71^
Boston & Albany. 262 Allouez Mining Co 5%
Boston Elevated .107 I Atlantic 29
Boston & Maine.. l 99 ; Boston & M0nt... 335
C B & Q 120% Butte & Boston.. 63
Edison Elec 111 205 Calumet & Hecla.77s
Fitchburg prefd.. l2l Centennial 331
'General Electric .119 Franklin 171!
Do prefd 138% Humboldt 2%
Federal Steel El Osceola 33
Do prefd 70% Parrott 44
Mexican Central . 14% Qulncy i;,o
Mich Telephone . 98V4 Santa Fe Copper.. 12 ■
Old Colony .■..•....207 ' Tamarack 211
Old Dominion .... 31 Utah 35
Rubber 48 Winona 9
Union Pacific ....44 (Wolverines 4314
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. Money on call, firm:
C@7& per cent; last Joan, 6 per cent. Prime
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
mercantile. 4%ffsVi per cent. Sterling exchange
easier with actual business in bankers' bills at
J4 gs%@4 85% for demand and $4 82@4 52% for 60
days. »£ Posted rates, $4 83^14 W. s and $4 88%@
4 87; commercial bills, $4 81%. Silver certifi
cates, 59#59?ic. Bar silver. 5S 13-16 c. Mexican
dollars, 47^c. Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, easier.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 20— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balances, $285,193,474; gold reserve,
$205,021, 599.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's I/ondon financial cablegram: The
markets here were dull, hesitating and idle to
day. The conflicting Transvaal rumors spoiled
business. Americans were uninteresting and
narrow in movement, finishing heavy, espe
cially for Louisville and Nashville. New York
Central and Northern Pacific. Tintos, 46%;
Anacondas. 11 3-10 on dividend anticipations.
Silver spurted on Eastern demand. Bills were
more active, but the bank did less In them.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept 2n.— Canadian Pacific, 95H;
Union Pacific preferred, 7:'; Northern Pacific
I)r ,. t p rr p,i 77%; Atehison, 21V 4 ; Grand Trunk. S;
Anaconda, 11. Money, 1% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— FIX)UR— Receipts,
15. 790; exports. 20.74S barrels: sales. .WO pack
ages. Quiet and closed steady at about un
chahged prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 222, 000 bushels: exports,
72.M3 bushels; sales, 2,11<\000 bushels futures,
bushels spot Spot firmer; No. 2 ret],
[. o. b. afloat Boot; No. l Northern I'u
luth. 79-sc f. 0. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 81% C, to arrive; No. 2 red. 73'i,c. ele
vator. ( 'ptlons opened Ho higher on firmer
. ablet.. Ruled quiet and declined %c under lo
cal liquidation In the absence of outside sup
port, bul rallied sharply later, advancing "isc
and closing firm at a net advance of V'! s*''5 *'' on
covering, the shorts being scared by the In
creased Inquiry for ca*h wheat for export.
gales Included: No. 2 red March. 7S l-16@"79%c,
. ;.••.<■ May, 78%®79 l-16c. closed 73c; Bep
-. ;3@73%c, closed 73^<- k ; L>«cember, 76%ffl
sed 7r.vt»c.
HOPS DulL
HIDES- Firm.
>OL— Strong.
METALS The market for metals continues In
Uf.t!ess form so far as local transactions are
concerned, with prices slowly sagging under
offerings. Disappointment was expressed In
the ckble news an i advices from the West por
trayed Irregularity. At the close the Metal Ex
cfcange called:
PIG IKON— Wan-any, nominal at $17.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $1"* 60.
'IN Weak $31 75 bid and $32 15 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, $4 57% bid and $4 62% asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper ii» SO.
SPELTER —■_ Spelter easy, $5 50 bid, $5 60
asked. - '
CO FKEE— Options closed steady and un
changed to five point.-" higher. Sales. IT.'i'X)
rags including: October, $4 20; December. $4 60;
March >4 70<S4 75; April, $4 75: May, $4 80«?4 So;
.'ul\- $4 90©4 95. Spct— Rio dull but steady;
mild steadier but quiet; Cordova, il»ic.
BUGAR— Raw barely steady and quiet; fair
-■»::r,;i.K, 3 : *<'; centrtfußal, 56 test, 4%c. Mo
h<ss(.'« Pugar, 3 : -v' Refined— Eaey and lower;
No G, 4 We; No. 7. 4 7-16 c; No. 8. 4%c; No. 9,
4 9-: C- No. IP. 4 B-I6c; No. 11. 4 l-16c; No. 12. 4c;
No 13, 4c; No. 14, 3 13-16 c; Mold A, 5 7-]6c;
Standard A. 4 ::.-?'.; Confectioners" A, 4 15-16 c;
Cutloaf 5 9-ioc: Crushed. '■• 11-16 c; Powdered,
514 - Granulated. 5 3-16 c; Cubes, .'.'-16 c.
BT7TTI R Receipts, IT" 1 ! packages; steady;
Western Creamery. 18®2Sc; June Creamery,
15%«?22c; factory, 13®18c.
BOGS Receipts, dhf! packages; steady;
Western ungraded at mark. 13@17c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK. Sept California dried fruits
quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— -%<■;
prime wire tray, 7%@Sc; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
l>'.;!",c.
PRrNES-2U<3S%e.
APRICOTS— 12@13%c; Moorpark, 14®
160.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7%g9c (new.)
■fr *■
Chicago Grain Market.
,* — : n,
CHICAGO, Sept. 20.— Wheat opened with a
continuation of the firmness which has for two
days puzzled the trade. In spite of '.he enor
mous liquidation and heavy receipts the mar
ket stubbornly resisted professional selling.
Liverpool reflected the advance here yesterday,
being quoted %a higher. December opened a
shade higher at 70H@70%C and advanced to
70% c, and slowly eased off to 70 : -_.-. Half an
ho;ir from the close local shorts attempted to
cover. Offerings were found extremely scarce
&nd December was bid up through calls to
71-. The close was at 71%©71% c. Trade In
September was Email, but it closed at the
71% c. ■ -. - -
Corn was erratic owing to the squeeze In the
September option. Sales for that month were
made .it the opening at 34% c. but it advanced
immediately to Bf>c. Profit-taking and a let up
of the pressure on the shorts caused a steady
decline to IV «c. Just before the close it was
bid up again to 34»ic, or %c under yesterdays
Close. Trsuie in December was of the ordinary
character, closing unchanged.
Oats ruled firm under a scattered liquidation.
December closed %c higher.
Provisions ruled firm and slightly higher
throughout. A fair cash demand caused a bet
ter tone, but speculative Interests continued at
a low ebb. January Pork closed 7U.c higher
and Lard and Ribs gained 5c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September ..'. 71% 71% 70% 71%
December 70% 71J4 70% 71%
May 73% 74% 73% 74%
September' 34% 35 33% 341,;
December 29% 29% 29 29%
May 30% 30% 29% 30%
Oats No. 2— 22% 22% , 22 22%
September 22% 22% 22 22%
December 21% 22 21% 21%
May 23% 23% 23% . 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
October 7 95 X 05 7 95 8 05
December 810 8 17% 810 8 17%
January 9 57% 965 9 57% 965
Lard per 100 lbs—
October 5 27% C 32% 5 27% 630
December 5 35 5 40 5 35 5 40
January 545 5 52% 545 650
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 17% 520 515 5 17%
January 4 97% 5 02% 4 97% 5 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 67(??68%c: No. 2
Red 70%<W71%c; No. 2 Corn. 33%®34%c; No. 2
Oats. 22%@23%c; No. 3 White, 23% c; No. 2 Rye.
:,tl< ,'r,.r,7%c; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 11%: Prime Tim
othy Seed, $2 met 25; Mess Pork, per bbls, $7 40
BIOS; Lard, per 100 lbs, $5 17%@5 32%; Short
Ribs Sides (loose), $5 06@6 35; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), $6<s*> 50; Short Clear Side«
(boxed), $5 60<@5 60; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal. $1 22.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .' 16.000 21.000
Wheat, bushels 198.000 7,000
Corn, bushels 1.230,000 696.000
Oats, bushels 682.000 202,000
Rye, bushels 31,000 13,000
Barley, bushels 72,000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creamery. - 16ig'22c: Dairy,
12'-.'alSe; Cheese, easy, 10%@ll%c; Eggs, firm,
fresh 15% c.
Foreign Futures.
4 i
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Ma
Opening 6 9% 5 11% 6 %
Closing 5 9% 6 11% 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 15 20 15
Cloving 19-20 20 15
Flour —
Opening 25 55 26 70
Closing 25 35 26 65
«, i,
California Fruit Sales.
4 . ■ 1
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— Porter . Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit to-day: |
Peaches— Strawberries, 45® 90c box; George
Late, $1; Yellow. ' 90c; Salways, . 55@95c.
Grapes— Tokay. ■ CSciSSI 10 half crate. Pears—
Bartletts, 65cjf$2 40 box. Ten cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Sent. 20.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit.
Peaches— Salways, 65c@$l 20 box; Lev! Clings,
85c. . Grapes— Tokays. 65c<ij$l 20 half crates;
Malagas, £o@9sc half crates; Muscats, 75(&35c
half crate. Pears— Doy dv Cornice, $2 .W2 55
box: Rartletts, $1 70f 1 2 60; Seckles. $1 2501 60
half box. Fourteen cars sold to-day
The Earl Frulr Company auctioned Califor
nia fruit to-*iy as follows:
BOSTON Sent 20 -Grapes— MUaga, single
crates, wiWSSo average 84c. Peaches— George's
Late. Rs@9oc, average K9c; Levl Cling, $1 : Oc
tober Blush, Jl 10; Salway, WrSJI 16, average
$1 10. Three cars sold to-day. Unfavorable
weather.
XKW YORK Sept 20.— Grapes— Malaga, sin
gle crates, 66@$1 20, average 99c: Muscat. TScg
$1 or,, average 91c- Tokay, sincle crates. lOc^l
$1 60. nverage $1 11; double crates, $2 3^2 60.
average $2 37. Peaches— Salway, 40cff$l 10,
average 79e; Susquehanna, 85090, average S7r.
Pears-Bartlett, boxes, $1 W®J SO, average
$2 2«. Prunes— German, single crates. $1: Hun
garian. $2 15@J 75 average $2 66; Italian. $1 2.T?i>
1 30, average $1 27- Silver. $1 15«1 20. average
$1 17. Fourteen cars sold to-day. Unfavorable
weather.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Sept. 20.— The American Wool and
•"ott.in Reporter will say to-morrow:
' Another large week's business has been
transacted in the wool market, the sales for
the week aggregating over 9,000,000 pounds.
The market has. In fact, been somewhat ex
cited at times.
T*io weeks aeo some of the sales effected
were reported to have been made slightly
under the edge of the market, but the trans
actions of the past week certainly have been
in most cases at full quotations. Strength
ened by the opening at the London sales,
where prices were quoted 10®12% per cent
higher than »t the close of the previous sales,
the feelins In the local market Is very firm
and the trend of values is unmistakably up
ward. There is nn especially good demand for
fin.- staple Wf«.ls. Ma»y of the trade believe
that this kind of stock is bended toward 65c,
and there are not wanting those who are pre
dicting even 70c for this .-lass of stock.
The sales of the week In Boston amount to
0,117.000 pounds domestic and 395,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 9.512,000, against a
total of g.oatf.OOO for the previous week and a
totaJ of i.584.000 for the corresponding week
last year. Sales since January 1. 1599, amount
to 209,R46,000 pounds, against 83,764,010 pounds
last year at this time.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 15,067 bales.
including a good selection of Queensland new
crop. The latter was in better condition than
the IS9B crop and the home trade and the Con
tinent were eager bidders for this grade.
Scoured merinos were well represented and sold
principally to Yorkshire at hardening rates.
The Continent operated reservedly and Is evi
dently waiting for the opening of the Aus
tralian sales next week. Swan River sold read-
II: to the home trade. Lambs were in excep
tionally strong demand and merinos sold at 15
per '?:it advance. Crossbreds were in sternly
request at prices ranging from 10 to 15 per sent
higher, Yorkshire taking the bulk. Fine
creasy croasbreds were quickly disposed of.
Medium low erossbreds. were largely repre
sented and brought out keen competition, with
the home trade the best buyer at decidedly
harder rates. A good selection of washed
cross stripes was taken by the home trade at
an advance of 10 per cent.
Eastern Livestock 'Market.
CHICAGO. Sept. 20.— CATTLE— demand
was rather dull to-day and while choice grades
were steady ordinary cattle were generally 10c
lower. Good to choice, $5 7056 S3; commoner
(Trades, $4 2:50 6.V, stockers and feeder*, 5".f,":
b'.il!s, cc.wb and heifers, $L"<rf> 30; Texas steers,
$3 ' i|4 16; rangers, $3 255?5 30: calves. $.',■>.
HOGS— Trade was less animated and the ma
jority of sales were made at slightly reduced
prices. Heavy. 54 10i?4 70; mixed lot*, fi '■■■•''.(
4 7S: lights, $4 36@4 76; pigs, *3 75^4 60; culls.
S2'(s« 10.
SHEEP and lambs were in poor demand.
lambs averaging 15<??23c lower. Sheep, $2 50@
4 CO, largely at $3 7;"'7j4 30. Western flocks pre
dominating and bringing $3 70&3 S5; lambs.
$3 cO<J?'j 25, Western rangers bringing $4 60(8
C 40.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; hogs, 33,000; sheep,
16,000. _______
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 20.— Clearings, $275,
--790; balances, 555.202.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 20.— Wheat, steady; Walla
Walla. 59c: Valley, eo®6lc: Bluestem, 61£62 c.
Cleared- British bark Sofala, Queenstown,
with 132,405 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. Wheat, firm; Club, GSc;
Bluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. £o.— Consols. 104%; sliver.
27%: French Rentes, lOOf 75c. Wheat cargoes off
coast, more inquiry; cargoes on passage, less
offering; English country nurlots. firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 2').— Wheat, steady;
French country markets, .steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 IS-Kd.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. Spot No. 1 Northern
Spring, steady, 6s Id. Futures, quiet; Septem
ber, r - !■)•.„,!; December, 5a ll%d; March, 6* VI.
CORN'- Spot American mixed new firm. 3s 6<l;
American mixed old firm, 3a Cd. Futures, linn;
September, 3s 6d; October, 3s 5T&d; November
Ss 6d.
<S ,*
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — U 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87.
Sterling Cables — 4 88
Now York Exchange, pl^ht — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars ....48 -45%
Fine Silver, per ounce — £&%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago opened . stronger under
light offerings and higher cables. The sales
of the past two days were absorbed and forty
boatloads were taken for export. There were
evidences that Wheat was being quietly accu
mulated. Light Northwestern receipts and
frost In lowa helped things along. Still, It
was a small scalping market at best.
The local market Improved with Chicago and
futures were rather higher.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02»4; milling, $107%
(fll 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
40WI ctls, $1 08%.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$108%; 70.000, $109. May— l4.ooo, $114%; 34,000.
|1 14%.
Afternoon Session— December — 28,000 ctls,
$109%; 8000, $109%; 42.000. $109%. May—
$1 15V&; 18.000, $1 15%.
BARLEY— still characterizes the
market and sales are few and far between.
Offerings are more than enough for current
needs.
The Lamorlclere takes for Europe 55,965 ctls,
valued at $55,100.
The afternoon market on call was livelier
than for some time, but at falling figures.
Feed, 75r«52%c; Brewing. 87%<fc(9uc; Chevalier,
$161 12% per ctl.
■ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
4000 ctlH. 82c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls. 83% c:
6000 BS%c; 2000. S3%c; 2000, 83% c; 4000. 83% c.
Seller 'M, new— 2ooo, 82% c; 2000, S2%c; 12.000, 82c.
OATS— There is not enough going on to
change quotations, either way. White. $1 Dsfl
1 17%; Red, $1 0591 12%; Black, 90@97Hc per ctl.
CORN— large Yellow. $105; White
and mixed, $1 02(711 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9OQ9Sc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
California family extras. $3 60#3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25©3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for su
perfine. . . .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 SO; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 56©6 96; in sacks, (6 35^6 75,
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay fell off to 394 tons. There
is a firm tone to strictly choice wheat, and a j
car. sold at $3 50, though the sale was excep
tional. The medium and lower grades continue
dull and weak. . 
Feedstuff show no change.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 ."VOiffr. 50 per ton. • .
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18<g:i8 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill.: $27@28; Jobbing,
$28 50@23; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal.
$23 502 4 50; Cracked Corn, $24® 25; Mixed Feed,
$16016 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
Wheat, $6 50©3 50 for common to good
and $9@9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6®
8 50; Oat, $6@7 50; Barley, $s@7^lsland Barley,
J6®6 50; Alfalfa, $5 50&7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50@9.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head continue
quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— $1 6691 75; Small White,
$2 10-52 15; Large White. ;$1 &X&1 75; Pinks,
I $2 1592 25; Red?. $4: Blockeye, $3@3 25; But
ters, nominal; Llmas. $4 05@4 15; Pea, $.' lO_J
2 15: Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2%©3 c: Yellow Mus
tard 3Siff?4c; Flax. $1 <>f"ii2 10; Canary Seed.
2» I <fi3c per 1b for California and 3&c for Last
ern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 3c; Hemp, Vii
4V.>c'; Timothy, nominal. '
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 bo
(§2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
■ All descriptions stood about the same yester
day. The feeling in Potatoes continued weak.
Tomatoes were still In heavy supply.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60®6Sc; Early Rose.
40©55 c; Burbanks. 40<3>S0c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks. 90c@$l 50; Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 00. lat
ter titnir" lor best Merced.
ONIONP-70@S5c per ctl; Pickle Onions. 50®
&VKGETABLES-Green Peas.' 2®2%c per Ib;
String Beans 2c; Lima Beano, 2c; Cabbage,
50®60c- River Tomatoes, 15®2Sc; Alameda To
matoes' 20(5 35c; EPS Plant. 25if35c; Green Ota*,
40Q60C per box; Dried Okra. 12' 2 c per lb; Oar
tlr 2ff3c- Green Peppers. 56®500 for Chili and
35650? per box for Bell: Carrots. Woe per
suck- Bay Cucumbers. 25®35c; Pickles. $175
per ctl for No. 1 and 75c for No. 2; Summer
Squash, 25<g 35c; Marrowfat Sijuaoh JP per
i,.,, Green Corn. 25c@$J per sack $I@l -5 per
crate for Alameda and 75@S5c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Turkeys rule firm, being scarce, and young
are higher Ducks and Geese are also firm and
good young Roosters sell well. There is still
the usual quantity of Eastern on the market,
which operate? against any marked advance.
The scarcity in game continues. --.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@lbc for Gob
blers and 15® 16c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
17@19c; Geese, per pair, $1 50<$l 75; Goslings.
Jo®*" Ducks. $3 60@4 for old and $4<gf6 for
young- Hens, $3 50375; young Roosters. $4@5;
old Roosters, $Ui4 50; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, $3
ftZ 50 for large, $2 50©3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Doves, $1 per dozen; Grouse, ;
Sage Hens, J6; Mountain Quail, ; Hare,
$1 25; Rabbitts, $1 £0 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers report a certain strength In .strictly
fancy creamery, which Is in light supply, but
the medium and lower grades continue plentiful
and easy. Cheese is unchanged.
The top quotation is still obtained for Eggs,
i but the market is easy and dull, as most buy
ers me running on the cheaper Eastern.
1.1 TTER—
Creamery— Creamery, 25@26c; seconds,
23® 24c
i >;.iry— Fancy, 22Vi@23c; good to choice, 21@
! 22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, i '(?2lc; firkin, 19@21c; cream
ery tub. 21622 c per lb.
("UKiyi:- Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
;.; 1 •'.!•; Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern,
U&iaC.
EGGS— Quoted at 211125 c for store and 27@i30c
per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 22>j@24c for se
lected, iO^lc for No. 1 and 17@19c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The few Wine Grapes that came in -were gob
; bled up like hot cakes at the advanced prices.
; Table Grapes were also firm, though there was
no scarcity.
Wisconsin Cranberries are on the market at
$- per bbl.
Cantaloupes advanced sharply and Nutmegs
were also firmer.
i There was no change worthy of note in tree
fruits. .
Lemons and Limes are firm at the high prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 3",®60 per box for common and 7&c
4; 51 for good to choice.
BERRIES— Blackberries, $334 per chest;
Strawberries, $8 per chest for small and $2@3
for large berries; Raspberries, $3'<J4 per chest;
Huckleberries, he per lb.
Grapes, 3,'.© ■•■•■ per box for Fontainebleau, 3."®
COc for black, 85®80c for Muscat, . 40£65 c for
Tokay, 65fs|7oc for Seedless, Bo@6oe for Cornl
chon. and 4(>gCoe for Isabellas; crates sell 10-3 1
15c higher; Wine Grapes, J2lf?j'24 per ton.
Watermelons- $"■'•.- 17 per 100.
Cantaloupes— sl@l 25 per crate; Nutmegs, 25®
50c per box.
Pears, Bartlett. TTicig^l 25 per box; Winter
Pears. Boc©tl per box.
Fics. 50fi"5c per box for double layers of
black and .'<.' li '■ f 'C for white.
Peaches £64?76c per box.
Plums and Prunes, ?.5<575c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40(Ti«Cc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, J2G3 for com
mon and S3 M lit to for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, JS; California Limes, Jl; Bananas,
51 5052 10 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl&2 £0 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The market for all descriptions continues in
good J shape at previous prices. Peaches rule
very steady, and the bad break in prices pre
dicted by the trade in general has failed to
materialize. In fact, this is not a year for
breaks in anything.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes; In
sacks, 5..c for 40-50' s, 4 : ..<- for 60-608, B»i@4c for
, GO-70s, 3Jf3\4c for 70-80's. 3r(3'«c for 80-90' s and
I 2' 4 '!/3c for 90-100' a; Apricots, lOSjllc for Royals,
14iil5c for Moorparks and 12ft 12Hc for Blen
heims; Peaches. 4©sc for Standards, s@6c
fr>r choice and CVi'S'c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
I/Ki'llc; Evaporated Apples, 6@6%c; Sun-dried,
•!®sc per lb; Nectarines, 7 1 <_{?Sc per lb for
red and S^9c for white; Pears, 55?7c for quar
ters and "Vy^S'e for halves; Black Flks, 3c;
White Figs, >'iifi l Plums, 5',4@6c for dark and
Tii ~' ie for bleached.
RAISINS 3 ',c for two-crown, 4?ic for three
crown, b%c tor four crown, s<i?R^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 6@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and Jl 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
-..■.:■■.
NUTS— Walnuts, 598 c for hardshell. 10@l2c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, :if&l2c; Almonds,
liii-'ri ip-,c for paper shell, .SiT9c for soft and
4®sc for hard shell: Peanuts, 6%@6%c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. B>,-_i{?i>c: Filberts, Il@
ll'-i- Pecans, 7%©Sc: Coconnuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— ll'^c for bright and lo%c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7^4c;
light amber extracted, 6Vi@7c; dark, sV_c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24^26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, SV£c per lb for
heavy, 9@9%c for light medium, lie for light,
I 12Vic for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
I Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Hc; California
Hams, 13c: Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12 50; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50;
extra clear.. $16 50; mess, J15@15 50; Smoked
Beef. 12c per lb. ■ -
LARD— Tierces quoted at s»4@sSic per lb fcr
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure,
7%c- 10-lb tins. S^ic; 5-lb tins. SVic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. o%@7&c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There are some new Hops on the market,
and dealers are asking the quotations with no
buyers.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10^c; medium, 9(??j»Hc: light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16e; culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@Jl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts. 25950 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^>'p.'e per lb; No.
2 4(g'4 l ic: refined, ; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@llVic
for fair to good. *
Fall Clip San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains, 798 c; San Joaquin and Southern. Moun
tain, 7H<s9c: Northern free, 9@llc; do, de
fective. TU'S'lOc per lb. ,?;:;>
HOPS— at ll®l3c per lb asked.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7(gSc per lb for Steers and 6^@"c for
Cows. . •
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@?%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%©&%c for small. 6%c for
medium and 5V4c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 6Vic; dressed Hogs, 7@BV»c.
General Merchandise. ;
.' BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7>4c; Wool
Bags, 26®'28c; Fruit Bags, 6%c, sVic and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7'/ac for
bleached Jute. .
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50-
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 5C In bulk and $10 75
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
• Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, V 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, a c: Pow
dered, s\>ic; Candy Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Gran
ulated. sc: Confectioners' A. sc; California A,
— ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4He; Golden C,
4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, He more;
boxes. He more; 50-Ib bags, %c more. No order
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominoes,' half-barrels. 6%c; boxes, 6c per lb. "
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 7.250 Sugar, bbls 1,950
Wheat, ctls HIM Lime, bbls 346
Barley, ctls 7,900 Wine, gals 39,700
Oats, ctls 72' i Eggs, doz 7,260
Cheese, ctls 155 Brandy, gals 590
Butter ctls 190 Quicksilver, flsks IS
Tallow, ctls: 246 Leather, rolls 97
Beans, ska.: 751 Hides, No 60)
Potatoes, sks 2,464 Pelts, bdls 142
Onions, sks 320! Wool, bags 132
Bran, sks 1,000 Hops, bales 89
Middlings, sks... " 666 raw, tons 4
Sugar, sks 679 Hay, ton 3 394
OREGON. ,'
Flour, qr sks 7.734
EASTERN.
Malt, sks 760
— m — —
<$ - ' __— : $>
THE STOCK MARKET.
<?— — — — <s>
There was a (food business in securities on
the morning session, but fluctuations were few
and narrow. Hutchinson Plantation sold down
to $29 50 and Gas it Electric to $66.
In the afternoon Makawell Plantation sold
down to $4S 25 and Pauuhau 10 $37.
Mining stocks stood about the same as on
the preceding day. The telegram from the
pump said: "At C:2O this morning the water
was --2 feet 4 Inches below the 19G0 level station.
No. 2 elevator has been running continuously."
The Overman assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
Bullion is assessed 5 cents.
The Santa Rosalia Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 5 cents, payable on the
25th.
The Comstock Pumping Association had $7848
cash in its treasury on September 15.
The Champion Mining Company of Nevada
County has declared its forty-ninth dividend.
The rate is 25 cents per share.
The Isabella Mining Company of Colorado has
declared a dividend of 1 cent per share,
j amounting to $22,500, payable Immediately. This
is the first dividend since June. 1899, and will
make $202,500 for the year and $472,500 from the
start.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
New York and Honduras Rosarlo in Central
America, $15,000; Raven mine in British Co
■ lumbia, $10,000.
The dividend of $2,000,000 by the Calumet and
Hecla Copper mine of Michigan will be paid
on the 29th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up.. 112% — Mutual El Co. 15 16
<s quar reg.... — — O G L & H.. 49 50
(s quar new... — 131 Pac Gas Imp. 66 67
Ss quar coup.. 10814109 Pac L Co 41% —
Miscellaneous— B F G & E.... 65% 66
Cal-st Cab 55.117 — San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55... 107% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65. .130 — I Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Flrem's Fund. 22s —
! Geary-st R ss. — 95 j Bank Stocks—
H C *. S 5%5.107% — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
L A Ry 55....105!«109 Bank of Ca1..253 254
L A LCo 65.. 99 - Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nationl.. — 215
Do gntd 5sN — 100 |Lon P & A....125% —
Market-st 65. ..126% — |Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 05.115%116 Nev Nat 8k..152%1W>
NCN Glt 78.113 — Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal 6*. 114 — Ger S & L..1550 —
Nlt of Cal 55. 115% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
!NPC Rlt 65. 105% — Mut Say Bit. 40 42%
I N PC R R 53.105' 107 S F Say U... 500 —
! N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Say & L So. — 82%
lOOL&H 58.108 — I Sec Say Bk. — 310
' Oak Trans 65..111%111% Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C Ry 65... 128 130 Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry.65.106 — California ....120 —
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powe'l-f.t R65.118 — Market-st ....'. 62 —
Sac El G<tßss — — Oak S L&H. — 60
S F & N P ss. — 114% Presidio 16 —
S F & S JV55.115% — i 1-owaer-
S Ry of Cal 68.108% — ! California ....150 165
ISP Of A 65.... — 113 ,F. Dynamite... Bfi —
S P c «s(i;i05).110% — Giant Con Co. 73% 73% j
S P C 6511M6). — 114% Vigorit 2% 2** ]
B PC 65(1912). — 121% Sugar-
BPCis eg 102% — liana P C 0.... 14% 15%
j PBr 6s — 126 Haw C&8 Co »6% »7
B V Wat 65....113%114 Hutch S P Co. 29% 29%
S V Wat 48. ...104 — Kilauea S Co. — 29%
S V W45(3dm).101%102 Makawell S C 45% —
Btktn Gas 65.. — — Onomea S C. 36Ti 37
Water Stock*- Paauhau S Co. 37% 37%
Contra Costa.. 74 75 i Miscellaneous—
Mmlii County. 50 — Al Pac Assn.. 117%
Spring Valley.lo2 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 87% 88%
Central Gas Co — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent L & P... 5% 6% Pac C Bor Co. — 142%
Equit G L Co. 4% 5% I Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 117 00
5 Bank of California 283 50
100 Giant Powder Con 73 00
20 Giant Powder Con 73 25
20 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 96 50
170 Hutchinson S P Co 29 50
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co, cash 29 50
35 Market Street Railway 62 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
$14. Oakland Transit Co 6s 11l 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 37 37%
100 Paauhau S P Cd 37 25
5S F Gas & Electric Co 66 50
60S F Gas Ac Electric Co, s 90 66 00
40 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (third mortgage).. 101 50
200 ■ Igorit Powder 2 62%
Street—
$5000 Spring Valley 6s 114 00
- Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Bunk of California .' 253 50
5 Giant Powder Con 73 25
100 Giant Powder Con * 73 37%
£5 Hana Plantation Co, b 6 15 00
150 Hutchinson S P Co 29 50
$10,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 108 25
51 Mak.-tweli Sugar Co 48 25
300 Makawell Sugar Co 48 75
100 i Uiomea Sugar Co 3S 25
5 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 50
25 Paauhau S P Co 37 12%
175 Paauhau P Co 37 00
10 S V Gas & Electric Co 68 00
$2000 S F & S J V bonds 116 00
50 Spring Valley Water 101 75
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (third mortgage). 101 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 74 75
100 Equitable Gas 4 75
SO Mutual Electric Co 16 75
SO Mftkawell Sugar Co 49 50
15 Spring Valley Water 101 t>7%
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
20 Giant Powder Con 73 25
60 ll:tnn Plantation Co ■ 15 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co.. 29 87%
45 S F Gas & Electric Co , 66 50
15 Spring Valley Water 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes l:i 400 Gould & Curry. 26
300 Best & Belcher. 48 1 50 Mexican 46
100 Best & Belcher. 49 fioo Potosi 52
500 Bullion 071 100 Union Con 43
100 Chollar 44 ■ 200 Utah 13
300 Con Cal & Va..l 70! 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Crown Point... 21 !
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 35 1 400 Potosi 52
600 Belches 34 1 300 Savage -31
50 Caledonia 63 1 350 Sierra Nevada. 77
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 50 Standard 300
700 Ophir 1 10 1 100 Union Con 43
. Folio-wing were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher .... 37! 100 Gould & Curry. 26
300 Bullion 07 100 Justice 09
100 Caledonia ...... * 62 i 100 Overman 11
200 Caledonia 60 100 Savage 2?
50 Caledonia 58 200 Sierra Nevada. 7i>
100 Chollar 44 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes ...- 14; 500 Savage 30
100 Belcher 36 250 Savage 29 I
200 Belcher .... 34 100 Sierra Nevada. 77 1
250 Best & Belcher. .50 50 Standard 310 '
200 Best & Belcher. 49 100 Union Con 42
100 Best & Belcher. 48 ' 200 Yellow Jacket 27 I
600 Potosi .521
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, September 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 07 Justice 08 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 14 I.'. Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 32 33 Mexican 46 47
Best & Belcher. 48 49. Occidental 24 25
Bullion 05 07 Ophlr 110 115
Caledonia 62 64 Overman 10 11
Chollar 43 44 Potosi 51 52
Challenge Con.. 31 34 Savage 29 30
Confidence ..... 70 75 Scorpion 08 —
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 75 76
Crown Point... 20 22 Silver IHII 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate '.. — 07
Eureka Con . — 50 Standard 305 —
I Exchequer 02 0." |5t Louis.." 07 —
Gould & Curry- 26 27 Union Con 41 42
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 Utah 12 14
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 27 2S
. «. .
I Funston Avenges His Wounded Horse
Colonel Funston sat on his horse,
watching his . Kansas boys lire at the
enemy at Caloocan, when an orderly came
up with the commanding general's com
pliments and an order to stop firing.
"Cease tiring!" shouted the. colonel.
Only a few of the nearest, men heard
him and the firing kept on.
"Cease firing" ordered the colonel
again, and this time the bugle gave forth :
the peal and the firing, after scattering , ■
stopped altogether. Just then a ball from ;
the insurgents drilled the neck of the
colonel's pony. Quick as a flash Funston
whirled around, fire in his eyes.
"Commence firing!" he shouted at the
top of his voice. Give 'em at nine
hundred yards!" '
It took three or four rounds of ammuni
tion all along the line to avenge that
horse, though the colonel still rides it.—
Manila Correspondent In Leslie's Weekly..
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1S99.
I ' — -
Su. Mo Tu. We Th Fr. Sa. Mootr* Phasss.
Su. Mo To. We Th Fr. | Sa. Moon-* Phas**.
. 1 1 ,
1 l |/_i New Moon.
" 1 ~i SSs NewMooa.
: V*/ Sept. 4.
_L _£ ii JL ______ ■*»«* Quarter.
_i __.I_lLl _L lr v^q^:
10 11 ! 12 13 I 14 16 16 " Sept. '3-
' 1 1 /r\ Full Moon
JL — * — — ® 9eP'-":9
"24 ! 25 3« i 2; j & 29 j so i _»« Quarter"
:24 25 26 2; 28 29 30' fff Lo„t Quarter".
1 W Sent. '(!
e =_
egg ~3
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, i 'ai
September 20, I*l*9.
The time ball on the tower of the new F^rry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 12'"> th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p m., Greenwich time. ■ •
C. G. CAT/
Lieutenant Commander. I. S. X., In charge.
; «> ♦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
<e> — »
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER H.
Sun rises .'-..5:57
Sun sets 6:07
Moon rises 7:07 p. "'.
D !Time| |T!me| |Tlme| ITlme|
b l 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. i I Ft. I ! Ft.
? 1H W" |_ W| IH Wl IL W1
21 ... 0:29 5.3 6:00 1 41 12:22 6.0 6:46—0.1
22 .. 124 5.0 6:40 1.9' 1:01 6.0! 7:40-0.1
23 '.. 2:22' 4.6 7:23 2.4 1:43 5.81 8:39 0.0
24 ... 3:30 4.2 8:10 2.8 2:29 5.6 9:40 0.1
25 ... 4:45 4.1' 9:101 3.1 3:24! 5.3! 10:46' «,3
»8 ... 6:05 4.1 10:23 3.2 4:26 I 5.0 11:50! 0.4
27 ... 7:15 4.2 11:47 3.1| 5:39 4.7, |
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the nrder of occurrence as to time. Thq
(second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
end the last or right hand column gives the
'ast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as oometlmes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on thn
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus flcn f— ) precedes the heisrhr.
and then the number glvpn Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference Is the mean of the lower low water?
<9>- — — ♦
Steamer Movements.
<*> — V
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Empire [Coos Bay jSep. 21
Samoa Humboldt Sep. 21
Corona 'San Diego Sen. 21
Brunswick [Newport ]Sep. 21
Willamette ..... Seattle Sep. 22
Weeutt Humboldt ...Sep. 22
Mariposa Sydney Sep. 23
State of Ca1.... Portland Sep. 22
Arcata (Coos Bay Sep. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 22
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 23
Orizaba [Newport Sep. 2?
Progreso Seattle ; Sep. 23
Washtenaw iTacoma S*>p. 23
A. Blanchard... Coos 8ay.... Sep. 2:5
Pomona Humholdt (Sep. 21
R. Adamson Nanaimo 'Sep. 24
T'mntilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 24
Lu«»lla Tillamook Sep. 25
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego Bep. ;•.".
Coos Bay Newport [Sep. 27
Columbia (Portland Sep. 27
Aberdeen Portland Pep. 27
Curacao Mexico Pep. 2?
America Maru.iChina and Japan. Sep. 30
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Cofjuille RlvJGrays Harbor Sep. 21 '
Pomona [Humboldt I Sep. 21. 2 Pier 9
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 21, 9 am Pier 11
Brunswick .[Oregon Ports. Sep. 21, 2 Pier 20
Ruth | Coos Bay Sep. 22, 3 Pier 2
Parm'shr ..!China& Japan Sep. 23. 10 amlSW 3
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd.lSep. 23. 10 am. Pier 9
Weeott Humboldt..... Sep. 23, 2 pm Pier 13
Corona ..... San Diego. Sep. 23, 11 am'Pier 11
Areata ...V.lr-oos Bay (Sep. 24. 10 amlPier 13
Samoa [Humboldt Sep. 24, 10 am|P1er 2
A. Blanchrd )C oos Bay Sep. 25, 4 I Pier 13
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 25i 2 pm'Pier 2
State 'Cal... .Portland Sep. 25, loam Pier 24
Orizaba Newport 'Sep. 25, -9 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Pep. 26. 9 am! Pier 2
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego Pep. 27, 11 amlPier 11
Colon IPanama Sep. 28, 12 m PMSS
Umatilla ...'Vic & Pet Sd.lSep. 28, 10 am Pier 9
Columbia ..Portland Pep. 30. 10 am'Pier 24
• ■ »
Shipping Intelligence.
1 I
<$ __ e>
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. September 20.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bra Kg.
Ptinr Charles Nelson, Anderson, SO hours fm
Seattle. -
Ptrnr Cleone. Hisrgins. 25 hours from Needle
Rook, via Albion 20 hours, with schr Dewey in
tow.
Stmr Sunol, Liebig, 20 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. 80 hours from
Departure Hay.
' I' S Lightship No. 70, Lowell, from lightship
anchorage.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 8 days fm
Departure Bay.
Schr Dewey, Schmaling, 20 hours from Al
bion, in tow of Ftrrr Cleone.
Schr Mary 13uhne, Krebs, 3 days from Ee
reka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 20.
Stmr Tacoma. Dlxon. Manila and Honolulu;
United States Government.
Ptmr Australia,. Houdlette, Honolulu; J D
Spreekels & Bros Co.
i-'tnir Geo W Elder. Parsons. Manila via
Honolulu; United States Government.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 20.
Ptmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu.
Ship Wachusett, Lamberth, Puget Sound.
Bchr Una. Maskins.
Bchr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Bowens Land
'" X " TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 20, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per pilot boat Grade S-Sept 39. 10 p m, 4
miles SSW of the light ship, ship Jabez Howes,
from Baltimore for San Francisco.
. MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Sunol— Sept 17. 12 m, 2 miles off
Caspar, passed two lots of piles about 50 or 60
feet long.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Rival, fm
Usal
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 19— Br
ship Forfarshlre, from London. •'■■■- ■ - i ■■■
■ PORT TOWNSEND Sailed outward Sept 20—
Ship John C Potter, from Tacoma for Sydney.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Sept 19— Stmr Progreso. for
San Francfsco; simr Willamette, for San Fran
elsoo DlEGO— Arrived Sept 20-U S stmr
gXN DIEGO -Arrived Sept 20— U S stmr
Badger, from Santa Barbara, to sail this after-
COOS Or ßA r Sailed Sept 20-Schr Monterey.
Arrived Sept • 20-Stmr Laguna.
h -PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Sept 20-Stmr
n Sept e^Stn,r Geo Loo
™NANAIMoi S t aned Sept 19-Haw stmr San
M BOWENS S^"AN D n iNG-S.ai,ed Sept 20-lschr
BOWENS 1 ENDING— Sailed Sept 20-Schr
Bender Brothers, (or San Fiancisco.
FrREK\-«r.!lc<l Sept 20-Schr Mabel Gray,
for in Pedro; schr Laura Pike, for San Fran
eispo ■ tmr Sair.ua. for San Francisco.
ASTOPIA-Eaijed Sept 20-Stmr State of
Ca»lV»rn'a. for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept 20— Stmr Rival; stmr
Geo 'Loomis. for San Francisco.
g AN UIKGO- Sailed .Sept 20 Leander.
i=i".\TTT .;:- Arrived Sept 20— Stmr City of
ropcka, from 1 yea.
, FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sept 6— Stmr Zealandia,
for c; •-, Francisco.
GUAVMAS— Arrived Sept 19— Schr Corona, fm
Port I.udlcw. U.
P GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Sept 19— Bktn Wrest
lor from Fort Bragg. • :;■
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr
Port Stephens, for Seattle.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Manitou, fm
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 2')— Stmr Ser
via. from Liverpool for New York; stmr Rhyn
land. from Philadelphia for Liverpool. ■
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
1 SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr New
York, from New York..
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool. . - 4
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 20-Stmr Cata
lonia, from Liverpool for Boston.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York for Glasgow, and
proceeded.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Sept 20— Stmr Si
berian, for Glasgow; stmr Nederland, for Ant
werp.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MILK CONTRACT
CANNOT BUY A
VOTE FOR BURNS
Bliss Will Never Go
Into the Corral.
Oakland Olrice San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 20.
Somewhere In Europe In the breast of
Senator Fred Stratton is securely locked
the key to the political situation in Ala
meda County. It is the general opinion
that Senator Stratton does not wish to
succeed himself. He has more than in
timated that such is his intention, but—
When the Senator left Oakland a few
months ago his primary law had not
been tested, and consequently when he
talked of rearing from public life he
was not aware of the boom that its suc
cess has since given to its author. The
knowledge of whether he will or will
not retire would be a source of great sat
isfaction at this time, when lines are
already being laid for the general cam
paign next year.
Assemblyman Bliss is already a candi
date for Senatorial honors. The same
supporters who put him in the Assembly
declare their ability to place him in the
Senate. Mr. Bliss is ambitious, but not
aggressive. Personally he would prefer
to succeed himself as Assemblyman, but
circumstances may force him into the
Senatorial race.
Just now Mr. Bliss is a very interesting
political factor. For several weeks it
has been generously whispered that the
Assemblyman had bet bought by the
followers of Dan Burns; and that the
particular bait is the contract Mr. Bliss
now holds for plying all the dairy
products to the Pullman Company. Add
ed to this, a local paper a few days ago
published something complimentary to
Bliss, and concluded with an apologetic
statement that perhaps the !a*t Senato
rial fight at Sacramento had been fought
on very narrow lines, and that now the
legislators have had time to think they
might be inclined toward more liberality.
This was construed as inferring that Mr.
Bliss, who was a pronounced Grant man
and a pronounced anti-Burns man, might
have changed his mind.
Mr. Bliss has not changed his mind and
will never vote for Colonel Burns for
United States Senator.
"That story of ing bought by the
privilege of supplying butter and cream
to the Pullman Company," said Mr.
Bliss, "is one of the funniest I have
heard for a long time. It is true I have
that contract, and it is just as true that
I have had it all the years I have been
in business and an age before I war ever
thought of in politics. It is a wonder that
it is not reported that the contract has
been taken.«*away from me, for my re
fusal to vote for Colonel Burns. But I
do not anticipate any such action. When
I was first elected the newspapers in siz
ing up the Senatorial situation placed
me either with the Burn* men or in the
doubtful list, and one of them published
a story that I was to be reached through
my brother-in-law who was represented
to be a well paid employe of the Southern
Pacific. It happens that I have no
brother-in-law, nor any other relative,
however remote, employed by the rail
road company. In Oakland a man can
hear anything by talking to himself and
1 have learned that this is the met! by
which many so-called 'political rumors'
emanating from "a source of undoubted
authority' have their birth.
"Before Mr. Grant went north I visited
him in San Diego. We discussed the Sen
atorial situation. I asked him If in the
event of an extra session he would again
be a candidate. He said that he would
n<jver be a candidate again, if it meant
getting into another fight such as was
waged at Sacramento this spring. I
understood from this conversation that it
in unlikely he will again seek Senatorial
"Strange as it may seem, with all the
reported political workings that have been
going on in regard to an extra session and
the calling of a caucus, I have never been
asked to Elgn a call for a caucus since the
Legislature adjourned, and neither have I
been asked to vote for any particular
candidate. My constituents do not want
Colonel Burns, and that ends it. 1 am
ulways ready to go into a caucus if by
so doing the Republicans can agree upon
a representative man, but I should never
be bound by any caucus as regards my
vote on United States Senator. I cer
tainly would not agree to enter a caucus
liA^d on the principle of dropping the
weakest candidate each time and binding
everybody to vote for the- man having the
most votes at the finish.
■•I have talked with Senator Stratton on
the question of the State Senatorship and
he gave me very plainly to understand
that he would not be a candidate to suc
ceed himself. This Impression seems to
be very general, and I find that he gave
Jt to many of his friends. If I were asked
what I would like to do I would prefer to
succeed myself as Assemblyman, but
these matters have to be adjusted, like
everything else, and if I find that it is
expedient to attempt to succeed Mr. Strat
ton I shall certainly make the attempt.
I do not feel that anything I did at Sac
ramento this spring needs an apology,
and I may say without egotism that since
my turn I have been thoroughly con
vinced that my course was in harmony
with the wishes of the people who Bent
rr.e there."
Assemblyman Joe Kelly, when asked re
cently if he had been requested to sign a
rail "for a Republican caucus, made the
very honest reply: "No. I have never
cu-en such a paper. 7 understand, though,
that one is being circulated, but I guess
ihey know where I stand, anyhow, and
they don't feel it necessary to run after
me." Mr. Kelly, however, omitted to
explain who was represented by "they."
Howard "Wright moved his residence
from East Oakland as soon after the ad-
Ir.urnment of the Legislature as was con
venient, and it Is understood he Is now
living somewhere on BernaJ Heights. He
has not figured in politics since last
March, and hi district Is already can
vassing its available material for his suc
cessor.
CARTOONS ARE NO
LONGER AN ATTRACTION
Fifth Ward Nnbobs Must Pay for
Their Enterprise in the
Recent Campaign.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— D. Edward Col
lins has paid one-half of the assigned
claims of the prize winners in the Re
publican essay and carto6n contest in
augurated by the Fifth Ward Republican
Club a year ago. The other half it is
•■might to recover from G. Rus?el Lukens
and Rev. .i. W. Ellis, the co-committee
men with Mr. Collins.
Last fall the Fifth Ward Club, -which
is the aristocratic kid-gloved club of all
others, became ambitious. It was very
anxious to elect Governor Gape and the
county Republican ticket. It offered
prizes to amateurs for essays and car
toons and Jack London and Mr?. Josle
M Galloway won the chief prizes. For
several months the winners wore out
thHr shoes and patience chasing the se
lect committee, which consists of a
clergyman, a banker and an attorney.
v 0 one was anxious to produce- the $40
required to pay the winners, so there
is in Justice Qulnn's court, set for trial
September 23, a little suit against the
committee, and n demurrer and worse, a
deni-il has been tiled. The court has over
ruled the demurrer and denial and next j
week the distinguished defendants will i
have an opportunity to explain why they
have not paid the lady and other prize
winners the amount they so gallantly
Mrs Galloway's cartoon Is perhaps the I
cnvso of the trouble. It was a clever
d'riwlnK representing the Hon. Mr. Ma
culre busy blowing his own trumpet,
while Hori. Mr. Gape was walking off
with the cake. Ultimate developments
nave probably caused rue club to think
llffe-entlv of that cake winner, and per
hans explains why it is not now In any
hurry to pay for thai cartoon.
__ 1 «■ ■
Death of J. M. Russell.
OAKLAND. Sfi-t. 20. James M. Russell.
f! -., r restaurani man of San Fran
,,;..,! at his hom< . 1680 Webster
,U Sty. tn-d.rv. He was a nativa
of Windsor. Vf. V.. aged SO years, and re-
here several years. '
BEACH SOULE AND
HISS POMEROY WED
;* f*\ AKLAKD Sept. 20.— Beach C. Soule, son of Professor Soule of the Uni- 8?
» I I varsity of California, and Miss Ethel B. Pomeroy. whose engagement was g.
I announced two months ago, were quietly married in San Francisco yes
*? terday. Neither of them confided to their relatives or friends that they
8S Intended to wed so hurriedly, and the news was a gTeat surprise to the S£
of young society people of this city. Mr. Soule lives at the Bacon home on Oak gj
o. Street, and Miss Pomeroy has been living this summer with her aunt, Mrs.
•^ Blake, at Beleved»re. lt
£• The young couple left their homes yesterday and were married In San R
2» Francisco. To-day they sent dispatches to their friends. Mr. Soule has jf
.1 frequently confided to his friends that he was opposed to an ostentatious
*■ wedding but nobody expected the event to be arranged quite so quietly.
iS The bride is a charming girl, 21 years of age, and was an active member to
2t of the Young Ladies' Red Cross League. She is very popular in society and £•
o. enjoys a handsome inheritance. Mr. Soule is interested in mining and is a
•" very popular young man. The bride and groom were always warm friends of
•* Miss McKisick and Mr. Brugulere, who were married very quietly about R
.• three years ago. and whoso example they followed. i*
MILLER STANDS CHARGED
WITH EMBEZZLEMENT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 20.
Street Superintendent Miller stands
rharged before the City Council with em
bezzlement. Councilman Schaffer made
the direct charge to-night before the
committee of the whole.
"I have positive knowledge," said Mr.
Schaffer, "that Mr. Miller has collected
money from people in his capacity as city
numberer and has not turned it into the
treasury. He has put it to his own per
sonal use."
"If that is the case, that Is embezzle
ment." said Councilman Stetson, "and
should be investigated at once."
■ V m are sure of the truth of your
Mr. Rowe, addressing
ffer.
"Yes sir, I have positive information,"
was the reply.
"Thm the Board of Works has been
lit. 1 said Mr. Rowe. "but without
v way Baying anything about any
■ i mistake or criminality on the part
j oi • 1 recommend that the matter
be sent to tl I Works."
The debate arose over a resolution In
troduced by Schaffer requiring City Num
berer Sillier to r< port at once on the
y '..< had received, and ordering the
Auditor not to pay two warrants amount
ing to $1:6 for work done in numbering
Rowe at once stated that the
matter could not be taken up by the
icil, as Mr. Miller is an employe of
the Board of Works. Girard paid that it
was the Council who gave him the extra
J;>t) a month to do the duties «£ city nTlm
berer, and if he were not doing them the
Council should take it away. Schaffer
said he had made particular Inquiry at
the offices of the Auditor and Tax Col
lector, and he was informed that for two
. - there had not been a dollar turned
in by the Street Superintendent. Pr
to that time the city numberer's returns
averaged about $6 per month.
tson thought that out of courtesy
•' Street Superintendent no such
criticism should be made until he was
:it, to which Schaffer replied that
Mr. Miller was present when the resolu
tion was read and had seen fit to go
The matter was submitted to the Board
.; \\ orks.
The City Council finally passed the tax
levy ordinance, fixing the rate at "
malnti nd 17 cents for bond re
demption and interest. Stetson, Cuvel
•id Rowe said they would like to
add a few cents for park and boulevard
fund but out of deference to the ma
lority they would not press their desire.
When the municipal water ownership
mater came up. Cuvelller Introduced an
irdinance appropriating $1500 to test the
•y of the wells at Roberts Land
ng and to prosecute the Investigation of
wells and properties. City Attorney
ited that only the Board of Works
tests made, by direction
if the Council. The mutter w;is finally
eferred to the Cify Attorn*;.-. City En
,iim! the chairman of the Fire and
Committee. Mr. Cuvelliep said
that unless the Board of Works acted
with hast.' the option on the wells would
The committee decided to recommend
c appropriating $3500 to dredge
off the city's wharf.
WEST OAKLAND HOME
IS READY TO REFUND
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.— Mrs. J. A. Camp
bell, secretary of the West Oakland
Home, made the following explanation
to-day regarding the difficulty between
the home and the State Board of Kx
amlners over the appropriation paid to
the home during the past year:
"We keep two sets of books." she pnid.
set is kept at the home by Miss
re, the matron, and the date of en
dismissal of each child is im
mediately entered in that set of books.
cry Fix months, when I make out
my report, I take a copy of the entries
and dis.-harge.s made in the matron's
books, and it is this copy which 1 use in
making out my future reports.
"It was hf-re that the error occurred,
for in making the copy I failed to check
off all the discharges.
"We have always been anxious to have
our books examined, as we take pride in
ihe carefulness with which the affairs of
the institution are handled, and so when
Mr. Parker called I gladly took my books
and went down to the home. As I read
the f-mries in my book he checked them
off in Miss Oilmore's book. He soon no
ticed the failure on my part to enter a
discharge which had occurred. In all, I
think there were twenty-eight such er
rors.
"We only examined the books from July
1, 181*8. to July 1, 1^99, though I am afraid
the same errors may have been made
during the previous six months.
"Mr. Parker acknowledged that the er
ror w?\s simply a clerical one, and I am
sure be will say as much.
"We will be only too glad to pay back
.any money which we have receiver), an
we" are even mori anxious than the State
is to have the Hctount exactly correct."
McNAR-DAVIDSON.
A Berkeley Belle Weds a Prominent
Attorney of TJkiah.
BERKELEY. Sept. John L. McNab
and Miss Vivien Davidson were married
this afternoon at the residence of the
bride's parents, 301S Fulton street. It was
a pretty home wedding, with only the
immediate relatives present. ; The Rev.
Edgar J. Lion, rector of St. Stephen's
Church, San .Francisco. officiated. The
bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John Davidson, well known in the society
of the university town. The groom is a
brother of Gavin McNab of San Francisco
and one of the leading attorneys of
Ukiah. Mr. and Mrs. McXab will take an
extended tOUT throughout the southern
part of the State before returning to
Ukiah.
■ » ■
Fabiola's Annual Donation Party
OAKLAND. Si pi Phe ladies of the
Pabiola Hospital have been unable to find
a single vacant store in the business por
\ lion of the city where for several years
they l aye regularly received their annual
donations and so have concluded to ro
il, ir friends and the annual dona
tions for thia year at the Fablola Hospital,
corner of New Broadway and Moss ave
i nue. Oakland.
The three donation days for this y.-.-ir
are Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday,
October :>, 4 and a. On each afternoon of
these days, from 2 to 5 p. m., in their as
pieml lv rooms, the ladles of the Fabiola
i -nil! welcome all friends of the hospital.
The fact that no vacant store is to be
found where for several years there has
i heen no difficulty in finding one speaks
well for the revival of business In Oak
i land. In this prosperous condition of af
fairs the ladies of the Fabiola say that
I they expect donations corresponding to
| the hetter times and t-> the unselfish work
| done in the community by the Fabiola
I Hospital,
Boat CQub's Officers.
BERKELEY, Sent. 20.— The Boating As
sociation of the 1 niversity of California
has elected the following officers for the
coming year: President, P. C. Waggers
hauser ' r 'o; vice president. Irvinp C. Allen
•s»■ secretary. J. A. Baird '00; treasurer,
j" "k Moflltt; directors-^. K. Moffltt. J.
' C Allen, James Hopper, F. Cerf. Clifton
I H. Tracy. J. A, Ba4rd, F. C. Waggers-
I hauser.
THE SAN FRANCISCO (ALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
SAYS NEGROES ARE
PREPARING FOR RACE WAR
OAKLAND. Sept. 20.— Rev. J. L, Allen,
pastor of the Beth Eden Baptist Church,
which is an organization of colored peo
ple, has expressed some radical ideas re
! garding the increasing race troubles in
I the Southern States. For many years he
lived in the South. He says:
This last evil— that of lynching — must be fol
lowed by another— a race war, which, in my
mind, seems Inevitable.
Of course the problems of the South between
the whites and blacks could be settled without
war: but this involves the taking of an entirely
different stand— one toward the other — by both
the whites and blacks. It must be admitted
that a great many negroes are Ignorant, but I
believe that those who do understand the real
' situation have been responsible for misleading
the others. The negroes should let politics j
: the whites should let the negroes alone
and permit them to vote as they please. I say
there is no real need of it. if some precautions
were taken, but 1 am tearful that a war must
be Neither the white nor ths black understimd
each other. They will fight as long as they
i rannnt uniWptand each other.
I look for this war any time; should not be
i surprise! to find it coming on within the next
few weeks In the nature of uprisings. In the
I long run there is only one way for such a race
', war to end, but the public, in my belief, under-
I estimates the strength of the negroes. Very
j many of the blacks in the South are men of
lerable means, and these, so I am md
, have b<^n turning their property hold-
Ingt Int c in and laying up stores of arms and
] ammunition by way of preparation for a rare
I conflict. I am Inclined to think that God will
i be on the r.^trro Fide, and that the result of
i such a conflict would be for good. It is clear
! to my mind that the races nrver can be sepa
! rated. They cannot live one without the other.
■ No two races can live separately in this coun
try under its system of government.
How the war will change the social status of
the negro I do not care to predict.
STUDENTS' RECEPTION
TO PRESIDENT WHEELER
BERKELEY, Sept. 20.— There will be
• little in the way of demonstration to greet
President and Mrs. Wheeler when they
; reach the University of California about
j the beginning of next month. It is the
i intention of the students in charge to
: carry off the whole thing with quietness
and dignity.
Upon their arrival in the university town
i the new president and his wife will be
1 met at the station and driven In carriages
to the home of ex-President Martin
Kellogg at Bushnell place. This will be
■ their residence f< r the first year at least.
As soon as the president has become set
tled in his office there will be a simple
meeting between him and the students
upon th" campus. The University Corps
of t'lo-iets. consisting of two battalions,
will be formed upon parade. President
Wheeler will hold an informal inspection
| of the corps ami will then speak to them
■ fmni the flagstaff In front of the library
-g. Shortly after this a public re
' ception is to be Riven either in the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art in San Fran-
I clsco or In tho Harmon Gymnasium upon
I the college campus. I'pon this occasion
President and Mr?. Wheeler will meet the
i students individually.
Edson Adams Injured.
OAKLAND Sept. 20.— Edson F. Adams.
E resident of the Merchants' and Farmers'
avings Bank. Is confined to his home on
account of a fractured knee, sustained a
few 'lays ago while he was examining
some mining properties In Napa County.
"FOUNDER'S DAY" AT
THE LICK SCHOOL
The California School of Mechanical
Arts will observe "founder's day" in an i
appropriate manner to-day. It was
on September 21. ]575, that Jam^s Lick ex
ecuted the deed of trust providing for the
endowment of his numerous bequests, of"
which the institution of learning is one,
and as Thursday next will mark the an
niversary of that important event it will
be observed with tilting exercises.
During the morning there will be an of
ficial inspection of the school by the board •
of directors. Irving M. Scott will also do
liver a brief address to the students. The
public is invited to visit the school in the'
afternoon and see it in actual operation. ;
The board of directors of the Lick
School of Mechanical Arts Is composed of ■
the following well-known merchants and
professional men:
Hon. Horace Davis, president Sperry
Flonr Company, president: A. S. Hal
lidle, president California Wire Works,
vice president; James Spiers, president
Fulton Engine and Shipbuilding Works ■
John O. Earl, director Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company; Rev. Horatio I
Stebbins; James S. Bunnell, auditor I
WellH, Fargo & Co.'a Express; Shel
don G. Kellogg, attorney.
MACCABEES' NIGHT.
Ladies and Knights Attend the Me
chanics' Fair in a Body.
The Toadies and Knights of the Macca
beea attended the Mechanics' Fair in
large numbers last night. Drills and ex
s and a special entertainment was
the programme of thp night. The guest
of honor was General Shafter, who joined ;
with tho Maccabees to make the evening
a splendid success-..
State Commander W. S. Hall of the
order of Ladies and Knights of the Mac
caHei 3 was entrusted with the address of
welcome. The committees and other of
;., lala iir. t>. be commended for the work
• hey have doji'j in making the evening a
great succew.
To-nipht will bo Union Iron Works'
night and the following programme has
been arranged:
Overture Fair Band
Grand vocal duo C. D. Held and R. W. Jones
•Answer" Arranged by Mr. Joru.-s
Selection Hamilton Evening School Band I
Composed of employes of I'nlon Iron Works. |
BBSS solo, "Holy <:ity" (by request). .C. D.Reid
Cake walk
Mies Emma Kramer and Whistling- Jack
Music by U. I W. Silver Tone Band, Al
Cox, leader.
Address Edward T. Morris
Barytone solo, selected R. W. Jonea
"America" Hamilton Evt-nlng- School Band
Vocal «e!ert|on, in French Kmlln Penez
Accompanied by Miss Emlle Lassalle.
"Oregon, I'rido of the Navy" Fair Band
Hon. John Barrett's Address.
The members of the Chamber of Com
merce expect a large attendance at the
address of Hon. John Barrett, which will
be delivered at 2:30 o'clock thjs afternoon
in the assembly rooms of the chamber.
The subject of the ex-Minister to Siam
will be the trade relations and possibilities
of the Oriental countries and the Pacific
Coast States. While the meeting has
li. i n called by the members of the
Chamber of Commerce, that body has ex
tended invitations to all other commercial
and Industrial bodies, and the public In
general, ,to be present. Mr. Barrett is a
very Interesting and plensing speaker.
Died Away From Home.
William Flannigan, a soldier, died in the
Receiving Hospital last evening presum
ably from Brlght's disease. Flannig-an
had bt-en drinking heavily and was taken
to the hospital yesterday morning and
treated for alcoholism. He was dis
charged shortly after noon, but proceeded
to celebrate the event by inbibing more
liquor. Last evening he was found at
Fifth and Market streets unconscious and
removad to the Receiving Hospital, where
lie died a short time afterward.
SHOCK OF THE
TRIAL MAY RILL
JOHN NICHOLL
So Declares Expert
Dr. Woolsey.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 20.
The features to-day at the trial of the
$50,000 breach of promise suit of Jane
Hodge against the aged capitalist John
Nicholl, who is familiarly known as the
"Duke of Richmond," was the expert
testimony given by Dr. E. S. Woolsey. J.
S. Eastman and Frank L. Adams; some
warm cross-firing between the attorneys
and the much longed for story of Mazie
Nicholl, whom the aged plaintiff regards
as the prime cause and instigator of the
breach of promise.
When the trial was resumed this fore
noon the courtroom was crowded with
spectators and Attorney Foote's cross-ex
amination of the aged defendant, Mr.
Nicholl, was continued. He declared that
he had never told his daughters of his
alleged engagement to Miss Hodge, but
that the latter had broken this news to
them. Regarding the spicy letter received
by Miss Hodge over his signature defend
ant frankly admitted he had dictated it*
contents.
Attorney Foote was anxious to learn
what church Nlcholl attended and the
First Presbyterian proved to be the one.
Mr. Foote openly admitted he was not
up on churches and Mr. Nicholl face
tiously remarked that "it is time you
were."
"You are known «hy the name of 'Duke
of Richmond' sometimes?" queried At
torney Foote.
"Yes, that and many other names," re"
sponded the witness, who at one time
owned Point Richmond, now belonging to
the Valley Railroad, "and BOmetfmes my
daughters call me 'Duke' at home, just
joking." Thereafter matters pertaining
to Mr. Nicholl'B health during last No
vember were gone into and it appeared
that during that month witness had not
been well.
Dr. E. S. Woolsey was called this after
noon to give expert testimony as to the
aged capitalist's condition. He graphic
ally described his method of examination
of the defendant, related the fact that
Nicholl had nearly fainted at the time
and that in his opinion, briefly. Nicholl
was enfeebled. The doctor declared that
any shock would be likely to kill the de
fendant. "In fact." he continued, "it is
my opinion that the shock of this trial
will kill him." To this statement Mr.
Foote vigorously objected. Dr. Woolsey
also declared that matrimony in Nicholl 3
case might prove immediately fatal.
When Dr. Woolsey had been disposed of
he took a seat beside defendant's counsel
and began coaching Attorneys McKee and
Mhoon in their examination of Dr. J. S.
Eastman who was next called. Attorney
Foote objected to this, declared it was un
fair and referred to Dr. Woolsey as "the
main guy" of the defense's experts.
Judge Ogden, however, ruled that the
doctor's action would not beobjectionablo.
Dr. Eastman, as well as Dr. Frank L.
Vdams who followed on the stand, both
testified that they had examined de
fendant's physical condition; but while
each summed up his various ailments
about the same, neither would vouch as
to any absolute prool of feebleness.
The" star witness of the defense. Miss
Mazie Nicholl, was now called, and all
eyes were turned upon her. She. was
gowned In black, with white front and
pretty blue collar. Around her neck also
loosely hung a black boa. Her hat was
forgeously decorated with green feathers.
ler hair, Sprinkled with gray, gave her
a matronly appearance. Yet she spoke
quite dramatically, her big black eyes
snapping at times when objections and
interruptions were made while she gave
her Btory, which seemed exceedingly well
memorized. Once while her father's
counsel made a slip by referring to her
as "Now. Miss Hodge," Mazie s color
rose to her cheeks.
"No affection further than that of an
uncle for his neice existed between Jane
and my father," she replied in answer
to a question. Asked what she knew of
the alleged engagement, etc., she said in
part:
"On November 11, 1 98. I went to Jane's
home at Mrs. Boyd'v and was surprised
over her peculiar m finer. 1 asked what
was the matter, an< she replied: 'Why,
Mazie, don't you kno»v? Why, your papa
has proposed to me.' Thin slu- asked me
to speak out. I did not know what tv
say. "Why Mazie,' she continued, 'your
fapa has been after me for two years.'
told h'.-r she ought to know papa was
old and did and said 80 many foolish and
annoying things. Jan.- said, '1 told him
1 did not love him, but that 1 would be
affectionate.' Finally she promised she
would drop the matter and go riding with
him no more.
"I told her we could never get along to
gether and that she could never be the
same to us again. I told her some pro
vision would have to be made for us girls
Eiessle and me — about the property, as,
for instance, that she should get only a
child's share. Then she said for me to go
home, talk it over with Hessie and what
ever we decided she would abide by.
Those were her last words, 'I'll abide by
your decision.'
"On December 8 I saw her again and
we went driving to have a final talk. I
tol.l Jane 1 had not n-uch to tell her, and
she complained that 1> had told Mrs. Boyd
about the engagement; that Mrs. Boyd
had told a neighbor a : nd now it was pub
lic talk all over. I thought I had a right
to tell of It to the only living relative of
my dear mother. I replied that I told
auntie because I thought slip might help
us decide the matter— possibly in Jane's
favor. Hessie and I told Jane that papa
may get a wife, but we could never get
another mother. Jane complained, too*
that the decision had been long coming
and said 1 had never treated her ns a
cousin. Finally I told her it was all off
she could never come into our home, and
she suggested T ask father to write his
refusal to marry her over his signature.
'No,' I said; 'it cannot be— lt cannot be.'
"Auntie Boyd, when she heard of it,
said it was a shame, disgrace, the idea of
such a woman marrying an old man; that
Jane wouldn't live with him two weeks
and that she had roped him in."
On cross-examination by Attorney Nus
batimer Miss Mazie Nicholl admitted that
she had taken notes of all the conversa
tions she had testified to, a fact that ac
counted for her remarkable memory.
The trial will be resumed to-morrow
morning.
"FLEEING FROM POMPEII."
Marble Group Presented to Art Asso
ciation by George Crocker.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker have pre-
Bented to the San Francisco Art Associa
tion a mapniflcent marble group entitled
"Fleeing from Pompeii." The subject
treated is an incident of the overwhelm
ing of Pompeii by the eruption of Vesu
vius. It represents the flight of a man
and woman through the showers of ashes,
smoke and lava that destroyed the ancient
city. The woman carries an infant in one
arm. and all three figures are gracefully
modeled.
The group is about eight feet high and
rests on a circular pedestal three feet in
height on which is carved several figures
typical of the life of that period. The
statuary is in white marble and is the
work of the famous sculptor Bonzoni, who
flourished some twenty years ago. The
original cost was $20,000. It is now in Mr.
Crocker's parlor, but will be transferred
to the art association in a day or two.
Drs. Tillman and Roche Return.
Doctors F. J. Tlllman and T. B. Roche,
two young County Hospital internes, who
became externes on the Ist of last July
and who have distinguished tbemselvi s
by kindness and sympathy to the poor in
the hospital as well as among their
brothers of the profession, have returned
from an extensive deer hunting expedi
tion through the northern counties. The
young medicos left here at the beginning
of April and in company with G. T. Smith
of Berkeley and Harry Tillman. hired
a two-horse team and started off from
San Rafael. During their absence they
had the rare good luck of turning over
one dozen bucks. One of these was
shipped to their companion. Dr. T. J.
Crowley. assistant at the County
Hospital
TO LIFT THE DEBT OF
NEW YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
GENERAL COMMITTEE EFFECTS
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION.
Will Endeavor to Raise Any Deficit
Which May Remain After
Applying Proceeds of the
Grand Bazaar.
The general committee having In charge
the approaching fair and bazaar in aid
of the new Youths' Directory at the sug
gestion of Chairman Kelly decided at a
meeting last night to perpetuate its or
ganization until the last cent of the $35,
--000 debt which confronts the institution
is paid. While it is confidently expected
that a large sum will be realized by the
fair, which will commence on September
2S at Armory Hall, Market street, near
Tenth, still it is presumed that there will
remain a deficit, and to overcome this the
committee will continue its labors.
Chairman Costello of the. committee on
programme reported that interesting fea
tures will be presented every evening dur
ing the fair, and tiie ladles of the dif
ferent booths will have "nights at home,"
at which there will be vocal and instru
mental selections.
The ladies drew lots for choice of posi
tions for the booths with the following
result: No. 1, Saint Rose's; 2, candy
booth; 3, St. Dominick's; 4. charity; 5,
Mission Dolores; 6, St. Anthony's; 7, SL
Joseph's Union; 8, St. Patrick's; 9, St.
Charles; 10, League of the Cross; 11, hos
pital; 12, St. Mary's; 13, Sacred Heart;
14, St. Anne's.
The executive committee has the dcc
i oration in hand and will be assisted by
j the ladies in charge. They will all meet
: at the Armory next Monday morning to
arrange details.
The chairman appointed George Gal
lagher, W. A. Derham and H. J. Fisher
| as a printing committee, and Mr. Fisher
will also act as a press committee. J. B.
! Mclntyre, G. B. Gallagher, 11. J. Maher
'• and Frank Conklin will confer with the
I various organizations of the city for spe-
I cial nights.
David J. Costello was appointed poet
: laureate of the Youths' Directory and
i will compose a poem to be read at the
! opening of the fair.
Two scholarships for a boy and a girl
I have been offered by two of the leading
business colleges and will be contested
for by popular vote. J. H. Rossiter has
donated a greyhound to be raffled for. A
vote of thanks was tendered to the gen-
erous givers.
There will bo two musieales given in
aid of the directory— one to-night at the
residence of Mrs. J. P. Carroll, 631 Guer
rero street, and the other next Monday
night by Mrs. Mulvehill at 3534 Twenty
second street, near Castro.
SOL CAHEN RETURNS.
Past Department Commander of the
G. A. R. Will Tell Garfield
Post of His Visit East.
Past Department Commander Sol Cahen
of the Grand Army of the Republic re
turned yesterday from Philadelphia,
where he was one of the representatives
from the department of California and
Nevada at the National Encampment of
the G. A. R. On his way home he had
as companion Pension Commissioner H.
Clay Evans, who is on his way to this
city. Mr. Evans stopped at Salt Lake for
a "short stay. During his absence of a
month Mr. Cahen remained a week in
Philadelphia in attendance on the en
campment, and then went to Washing
ton, D. C. where he paid a visit to Presi
dent McKinlry. Next Tuesday night he
will attend a meeting of Garfield Post
and will tell of his visit in Washington
and to places that were made historic
by the War of the Rebellion.
. ♦ .
Richmond in for Improvements.
Progressive Richmond, through its im- \
provement club, will demand its share of !
the tax levy. In several sections there are
choked sewers and drifting sands which
will be catalogued among the nuisances
of the district. At a meeting of the Point
Loboa Improvement Club on Tuesday
President George B. Fletcher stated for
the Information of the executive commit
tee that the time has arrived when certain
Improvements had become a necessity.
Among subjects of complaint was the bad
condition of a blind sewer on Thirty-first
avenue, which had been permitted to re
tain the offal of a cow ranch in the neigh
borhood to the injury of owners of prop
erty, who would otherwise build on their
lots and add to the wealth of the district.
Drifting sands which were permitted by
the owners of vacant lots had become a
nuisance which was Intolerable and an
in justice to those property owners who
had improved their streets and sidewalks.
John J. Cassldy, secretary of the execu
tive committee, with J. M. Wilkins, chair
man of the same body, drew the atten
tion of the club to the want of more lights
through the entire valley. On the recom- ;
mendatlon of Mr. Wilkins the secretary
was instructed to communicate with the
Supervisors and request that body to pave
the city's portion of Fulton street, from
First avenue to Stanyan street, alongside
of Golden Gate Park, the property own
ers haying paved their portion on the
north side.
On motion of Secretary W. P. Johnson
thj 5 chair appointed the following commit
tee on the monthly social which will be>
held in the club rooms on the night of Oc
tober 28: J. T. Williams (chairman), pres
ident; George R. Fletcher, v. W. Wench
ell, Ed GJnley, A. Hlmenover, W. P. John
son and P. M. McGushin. The admission
will be by tickets at 25 cents, and a dance
will follow the literary exercises.
Eureka Society in Hot Water.
There is another rumpus in the Eureka
Society for the Protection of Children.
Ex-Secretary Wadham resigned as a di
rector yesterday and he was followed by
D. S. O'Brien nixl J. C. Irvine. They,:
with W. H. Treighler. propose to form
another society to he known as the San :
Francisco Society for the Protection of
Children. The statement has been made
that the trouble was caused by the fact
that "VVadham ran the Eureka society as
a sort of divorce bureau in the interests
of his legal friend O'Brien. For every
charge there Is a counter-charge. The :
directors of the Eureka body at once filled |
the vacancies by electing- L. A. Albora.
O. M. Ratto and S. T. Dodson. It still
holds the Eureka Boys' Home, where
there are about three dozen children.
There is some apprehension that Wad
ham will make trouble with regard to
the custody of some of these children
over whom he was appointed guardian
during the time he was secretary of the
Eureka society. He says li^ will retain
the guardianship over a number.
Driven From Home.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children are
i puzzling over the case of a little waif
which fell into their hands yesterday.
The daughters of Mrs. Mary Garbarino
of 1117 Broadway found a little girl
wandering on Pacific street, near Mason,
whose face was badly cut. She said that
the wounds were Inflicted by her father,
who struck her when she asked him fur
bread. The child gave her name as Anna
ii( Qrody, and said that she was 8 years
I of age, and that her folks lived in Salmon
alley, off Pacific street. Mrs. Garbarino
kindly cared for the waif until yesterday,
when' Officer Shannon inrule an unsatls
i factory investigation. He failed to find
! any one of the name given in Salmon
alley, and no one there knew the child.
! She" was placed with the Ladies' Pro
! tection and Relief Society.
Chinese Gamblers Arrested.
The San Francisco Chinese Merchant.**'
Club at 127 Waverly place was raided last
evening by Sergeant Duke and posse and
thirty-seven prisoners taken. The entire
fan-tan outlit was captured and the raid
was one of the most successful for some
time. The capture was effected by Offi
cer John Conlan, who masqueraded as a
Chinaman and gained an entrance to the
gambling room. His mnke-up was com
plete and the wily heathens were taken
by surprise. The prisoners were locked
up at the California street police sta
tion.
Four Escapes Captured.
Seventeen Inmates of the Youths' Dl-
I rectory yesterday morning scaled the
i fence "surrounding that institution and
i made their escape. They were encouraged
i to make the •'break" by four boys who
I are now in the City Prison. The names
i of the latter are Alfred and John Fay,
aged eight and nine years respectively.
i and Charles and Martin Doyle, aged 11 and
112 years. The other escapes, becoming
i alarmed returned to the home. To-day
I the boys who were arrested will Be sent
I back to the directory.
Casey Breaks an Ankle.
Jackie Casey celebrated his release
from custody by imbibing too much In
toxicating liquor Tuesday night, ami early
yesterday morning- he was arrested on
Polk street by Officer Charleston and
booked for "drunk." Yesterday morn
ing, when ho recovered his senses, he
found that he could not use his left
tinkle. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital by Detectives J. B. Gibson and
Ellis, where Dr. Heintz found that the
ankle bone was fractured. He was later
removed to the Waldeek Sanitarium.
CROSSED WIRES START A FIRE.
An Early Morning Blaze on Market
Street, Near Powell.
A fire which caused much damage to
the basements of the business-houses on
the first part of the ten-hundred block
of Market street occurred about 2 o'clock
this morning. It is supposed to have been
i aused by the short circuiting of wires
under the tailor-shop of A. Jacobs at 1010
Market street. Its discovery was due
to the sudden extinguishing "of the elec
tric lights in the saloon of Kelly & Bren
nan. at 1016 Market, which caused one
of the proprietors, Harry Brennan, to
make an investigation, resulting in the
location of the blaze.
An alarm was rung in from box 47, and
when tlie firo department arrived clouds
of smoke were Issuing from many of the
stores, Much damage was caused by
smoke and water, and the department
worked nearly one hour before the lire
was entirely < xtinguished.
Yerba Buena Lodge.
The members of Yerba Buena Lodge of
the Knights of Honor entertained their
friends at a smoker in the social hall of
the Alcazar building on Monday, and in
addition to cigars, pipes and tobacco there
was served up a good supper. Among
the many who were present were Grand
Dictator Archibald, Grand Assistant Dic
tator Salomon. Past Grand Assistant Dic
tator .Learned, Grand Reporter John
stone, Grand Trustee Joy and District
Deputy Summers. After the supper had
been partaken of A. M. McPherson, P. J.
Denny, W. H. Howard, Arthur Logan,
J. E. Erickson, C. P. Wedekind, F. F.
Wedekind, R. H. Noble and J. W. Ed
monds, the committee on social hour, took
charge and entertained those present with
a good programme of sours, instrumental
music, gramaphone selections and an ad
dress on the work of the order by Thomas
Johnstone, the grand reporter, it was
one of the most pleasant smokers that
this lodge has ever tdven.
A Supposed Incendiary Fire.
\n alarm was turned in yesterday after
noon at 4 o'clock for a fire on Cotter |
street, opposite the Jewish Orphanage j
Asylum on the Mission road. The damage j
amounted tv about $23. The fire was sup- !
posed to be the work of an incendiary.
The property damaged belonged to a man
named Anderson, who was absent at the
time, and shortly before the tire was dis
covered two ladies, Mrs. Hallock, resid
ing on Francis street, and Mrs. Kock,
residing at 23 Cotter street, two doors
from where the fire started, saw a man
cuming out from the rear of the building
at 19 Cotter street, where the fire oc
curred. Immediately after he left the
premises smoke was seen to emerge from
the back portion of the building.
The ladies were unable to give an accu
rate description of the man further than
to say that he was a tall, thin fellow,
with a high white collar, and dressed in
a dark suit of clothes. Detectivps Fitz
gerald and Graham are on the case.
Policeman Freel Fined.
Policeman John Freel, whose ambition
is to be a detective, was fined $2f> by the
Police Commissioners last night for being
drunk. Several days ago Fred reported
for duty in an intoxicated condition and,
swelled with his own importance and In
cidentally his "jap." he starti-d to dic
tate to Captain AYittman as to how to run
the department. Wittman sent him home
and the following day he preferred
charges against him. After listening to
the evidence In the case the Commission
ers charitably imposed a fine instead of
dismissing the offender from the depart
ment.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS !
OF THE
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF |
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December, j
i A D IS9S and for the year ending on that day, i
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
i State of California, pursuant to the provisions
1 of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
i condensed as per blank furnished by. the Com-
-1 missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up j
in Cash $500.000 00 |
ASSETS.
I Real Estate owned by Company....! 389.159 23 :
' Loans on Bonds and ilortgages 1,080.560 56
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824, 02 1 oO
I Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral — 67,(00 00
'Cash tn Company's Office 8,684 24 \
Cash in Banks 177.799 4o :
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,037 50 j
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,807 06,
i Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 115,683 92,
I Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flic and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 7,918 21
'Ground Rents, well secured 21, 320 00
Total Assets .$2.710,727 67
LIABILITIES.
Loßses adjusted and unpaid $ 47,895 96 j
■ Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 100,939.14
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 2,818 06
Gross premiums on Fiie Risks run-
I nin X one year or less. $950,938 95;
1 reinsurance 50 per cent 475,469 47;
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $909,-
-247 99; reinsurance pro rata 494,79159
! Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
! reinsurance 100 per cent |
! Gross premiums on Marine Time
I Ri s k B , $ ; reinsurance 50 per
Amount "reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 566,667 35
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17.352 58
Total Liabilities $1,705,994^25
INCOME.
| Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1,226,144 49;
I Deposit premiums on perpetual
i Risks •••••■ ; 16.73163
! Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •••■•• •■ • •••!• 61 « 574 ss i
Receivd for interest and- dividends
1 on Bonds. Storks, Loans, and from
all ether sources 44,643 60
Received for Rents 18.569 94
i Received from all other sources 2,665 0J
Total Income .$1.570.329 60 j
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 751,877 00
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including deposit premiums re-
! turned 17.522 4!)
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 ut
Paiil or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244,023 46
Palrt for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 48,356 00
Paid for Slate National and local
taxes '• • 43,757 27
All other payments and expendi-
tures 171,085 25;
Total Expenditures $1,346,626 47 ',
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year — $813.443 66
Risk* and Premiums. IFire Kisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $139,088,171 $1,594,496 47 ;
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 130,651.130 1.568,512 04
Net amount In force
December 31. M 8.... ICTJW.gQ 1.560.156 94
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President.
RICHARD MARIS. Secretary.
Subscribed to and sworn to before me, this :
6th day of February, 1599.
HENRY F. REARDON. Notary Public. !
EDWARD BROWN & SONS, j
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET, |
SAN FRANCISCO. j
FARC E COMEDY
PRESENTED AT
THE ALCAZAR,
ii » WAKE and personally present!"
A might be a good answer to roll
£\ call at the Alcazar this week, for
"Too Much Johnson" seems to be
drawing a good half the theater going
public, and to sleep were an impossi
bility—noise is rampant. In spite of the
title. Billings Is the man— and what a
man. The fact that one can lie is a fatal
defect and skill argues a long apprentice
ship. If the fellow ever gave himself an
i introspective look, the shock would blind
! him— he is the very prince of liars, and
because of this, adored of the audience.
Not being required morally to agitate
I the public over farce-comedy, let him
settle the case with his own creditors.
The audience, considering him in the
person of Eugene Ormonde, are his
debtors. He is a quietly triumphant
rascal, never too slow but once, when
he holds the first curtain tableau a shade
too long, and beautifully wooden and
unemotional to the end. Miss Howe, as
the mother-in-law, is the first of the
w.,rnen not overdoing tho bustling splrli
I and seldom too loud. The two yoiing
things, Mr. Denithorne and Miss Henry,
out to capture the conditions of happi
ness, are merely background, and as
such, unimportant.
Miss Foster does her almost nothing
quietly and well. Mr. Webster is a
ferocious Mr. Johnson, but very funny.
He would be equally funny if his voice
were tamed or even crippled. There is
I not a serious moment in the action, and
I constant laughter is inevitable. Next
i week "The Idler" is the bill.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Midweek Notes.
The Columbia opens its doors on Mon
day evening with Madame Modjeska in
"Marie Antoinette." Clinton Stuart, the
author, claims original treatment of an
old theme.
The Orpheum offers an exceptional
bill to Its patrons this week, and stand-
Ing room only is the result. Nexi
Jennie Yeamans, Frank Cushman, the
minstrel, and Seymour and Dupree are the
additions.
"The Drum Major's Daughter" is in its
last nights at the Grand Opera-house.
On Monday "Rip Van Winkle" will be
sung.
The California Theater, thoroughly re
fitted, will open Sunday, October 1. with
Ben Hendricks in "A Yenuine Yentle
man."
The Tivoli has played to its capacity
with "Lohengrin" and "Othello." The
I popularity of the latter warrants its be-
I ing run another week. It will alternate
I with "Martha."
I Adgie and her lions are still the chief
I attraction at the Chutes. The amateur
■Amazon march is the feature of this
(evening's performance.
Braunhart Perjury Case.
When the perjury proceedings pending
against Sammy Braunhart were taken up
yesterday morning before Judge Graham
"the defendant's attorney. Garret Mc
l Enerney, stated that he had only received
i a transcript of the evidence from the
rourt stenographer the night before am',
for that reason he requested Judge Gra
ham to continue the case. Judge Graham
continued Braunhart's case until 9 o'clock
! this morning, when the arguments will
I be heard.
Smuggled Silks on the Sherman.
Customs searchers found yesterday on
the Government transport Sherman a
i quantity of silk dress goods hidden near
i the powder magazine. The bundles bore
the names of United States officers who
; returned from Manila on the transport.
! The goods were seized and confiscated by
j the Federal authorities, but will be de
i live red to the owners on payment of the
duty owing on the articles, there being
a concession made in the case of sol
diers.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. IS9S. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and Gil of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash"" $533.333 33
ASSETS. "~
Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2,735.077 24
Cash Market Value of all Stocks end
Bonds owned by Company 2.333,634 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 972.090 37
Cash in Banks 57,963 79
Cash in Company's Office
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 914 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
on 194,463 A
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued.. . ..............
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.... 250.837 68
Total Assets .$7.314.237 fit
LIABILITIES. ~~ ~~
Losses adjusted and v"Paidu "P aid
Losses In process of Adjustment or ;
In Suspenre •••■ $106,666 67
Losses resisted. Including expenses..
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $- ; re-
insurance 50 per cent. Gross pre-
miums on Fire Risks running more
than one year, $ ; reinsur-
ance pro rata 549,287 79
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent.... .......
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, > > reinsurance 50 per
Liability' under' Life' Department""'.! 4,802.980 82
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 12,139 73
All other demands against the Com-
pany ■ 347,793 46
Total Liabilities .$5,818,873 47
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ........... ...$1.350.801 39
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums W'j •:
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ................
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
ail other sources 232.844 OS
Received for Rents 41,969 19
Received from all other sources 1,001, 550 56
Total Income .$2.677 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years $570, 655 44
Net i- mount raid Tor Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious year 5)............
Dividends to Stockholders
PaW or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •:— •■■■■ 47S ' 474 29
raid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 132,752 38
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 17. IS" 08
All other payments and expenditures 1.307,050 S2
Total Expenditures .$2,506.149 99
Fir-.
Losses Incurred during the year $570.655 44
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .• ■ • • $391,390,452 $2,033,462 SI
Net amount of Risks •
exDlred during the
year.. ••• 173.459.061 842.23105
Not amount In force
December 31. IS3B 196,831.822 1.095.336 S3
_ OLOF WI.IK. President.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April. 1599.
. GUDM. AKERMARK. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
WeeMy $1.00 Year
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until °:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission meet; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Ftrpets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Charter No. 79, R. A, M;~- A
Stated meeting THIS " R ! SDA " «A#
EVENING 7:30 i lock, Mission Ma- J±J\
sonic Temple. 2668 Mission si. ' l ' us J 1 " ,„„.
ness and Rov.il Arch Degree. By order of
the H P. JOIINJt. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. aiul " -A,
M.. will meet THIS (T!H'R?lU\)^^
EVENING Sept. 21. at 7:30 o clock. J\j\
Third degree. %£s£^^ ™ >
FRANKLIN ft PAY. Bee
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS iTHURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING), at 7:80 o'clock. First ''••- J&JX
grce. Masons p.re cordially Invited. /V '
By order of the W. M
J. I:. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
ACCOUNTANTS.
F. X BALLARD, 401 Ca!. St.. designs, audits ft
xjiusts BProunM for corporations .<;• firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private; ;
no tee without success; llecticns. G. W. j
HOWE, any nt law, 850 Market.-cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLTZ attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.- tel. Black 71; practices in all courts.
1,. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market st.. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed.
NAOLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. '.-27 Market st., opp. Mason.
i: .Til < A ISINKTS.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen: one panel opening as a door;
call and see it: descriptive bookie! tree. W.
S. BROWN general agent. '■-''■ Ellis st.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class: 1714
Market st.. S. 1".. Cal : American and Buro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room, $1 per day up;
Fuites without board. $1 per day; single rooms.
DOe; special rates by month, also to tourists.
GENTLEMAN can find room and board in pri-
vate family at 232 Haight St.; fine location;
Haight st. cars pass door; terms moderate.
ELLIS. 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; buth: telephone, gas; piano.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334- Double rooms with
board; bath, etc.:priv. fam.: home com.; reas. |
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents. ■
I'OST. 142 l' — One large alcove front room; also |
sunny room; board for couple or two. i
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN NESS, 941— Elegantly furnished rooms;
excellent board: special rates to couples.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IP pages, sent to any address in the
United Stntes. postpaid, for ?' per year
boarding yon CHILDREN. ',
WANTED—lr.fant to board; $10 per month. 210 .
Lexington a\f. .
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
HOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
_ ___ I
A— ssso— CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, rent $15; daily receipts $1S; best loca-
tion in Mission. R. G. WILK E, L'CnS Market. I
A— sCml— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors; .
choicest location; rent $:>j; daily receipts $->; !
meals not less than ■-„<■; bargain. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st. '
A— si",oo: ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-class ;
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
$s*!- lease; disagreement of partners cause
of sale. K. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
13750 Mai st. corner saloon, close to Chroni- :
cle, well stocked, paying tiptop.; ease; owner
must go to Mexico. WILKE 900 Market st. j
A— sl2oo— DAIRY, produce and delicacy store ■
in very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Call K. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— S3SOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes j
St.; rent $:..': old-eetabl. and good paying ,
place; no credit: all cash custom. Inquire R.
G. lI. KK, 91 ■ Market st.
A^-$ll!50— CORNER Bal n with 6 rooms; rent I
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
uile bouses and iron foundries; place clearing
above $151 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R. G. WILKK. 906 Market st
A— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market St.; open day and night; no j
better paying place in this city; lease.* R. G. j
WILKE. '.■ 6 Mai . St.
A— slsoo; CORNKK grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40: a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In sight; all c_ ah
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$2"O— BRANCH bakery, candy and 1 variety; 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns build- t
ing; will give lease. M. LESS. 705 Market St. J
A— s7./>— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco candies, etc.: store central; north, nr.
Market; clearing $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$2fCO— COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call building: clearing $3yn monthly: proof
furnished: siekr.»?s. M. LESS. 783 Market.
SHOE sh> p In country: fine location: at a bar-
gain this day. COWING & CO., 996 Market.
FINE delicacy store, center part of city, at a
great sacrifice. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
PARTNER wanted mfg. business; will bear in-
vestigation. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$4 f iO— RESTAURANT; good for man and wife;
investigation allowed; $250 will buy a fine va-
riety and bakery: sickness cause '■•• selling;
good location; good country hotel for sale.
EITI •- 100SVS Market st.
A LIST of bargains this week: Saloon, 3 living
rooms. $275: saloon, living rooms, city front.
$75: grocery and bar. Mission St.. only $275;
several other bargains. HEALY. 917 Market.
$500 — BRANCH bakery, stationery. notions,
etc.; n rtl of Market; cheap rent; 2 nice liv-
ing rooms; receipts J.lOO monthly. WINSTON
& CO.. 1026 Market st.
A— s6so— LAUNDRY route, clears $100 a month;
good horse and wagon. (CREDO &CO 22',i
Geary st.
$400— GOOD chance for oysterman; an estab-
lished oyster business for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & C 0.,, 777' Market st.
DRUG store for sale; price $1000; in town of
1000 Inhabitants, with 1000 more in immediate
vicinity: only 1 other 'rug store In the place;
in Northern California; on railroad; in farm-
Ing, lumbering, dairying and fishing district.
For particulars add ■ - GUIS, box 2169, Call.
PAYING saloon In wholesale district: must
Bell; going East. WICHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO.. SIS Clay st.
WOOD and coal yard nn account of sickness;
1082 Howard st. : a bargain. Apply to J. A.
LENNON. 315 Clay st.
NEAT restaurant near Seventh and Market
sts.: good* paying business; light expense;
'all or address 3 Sixth st.. or apply Call.
GIRL, first-class cook, would like place to do
general housework: references, 1149 Mission.
FOR sale cheap— Wood, coal, hay, grain and
feed business. NE. cor. Valley and Dolores.
FOR sale— On account of sickness, half-Interest
in coal yard. I'll Dupont st.
FOR Bale — A good paying board bouse and
saloon. Inquire at this office.
FOR sale Engravers' well established busi-
ness in a good town: brightest prospects. Ad-
dress box 2155, Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
NOTION Bazaar for sale: toys, stationery, fan-
cy goods; half price. Room 127, 1236 Market.
$450— SALOON and lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
as partner. Apply liquor store, 815% Fols
WANTED— Good man with a few thousand
dollars in an Old established manufacturing
business; will stand full investigation. Box
2134. Call office.
WANTED- Buyer or partner for plumbing
bust nets; no experience needed. 1918 Howard.
A WHITE .v- CO.. 997 Market Bt.— Do you want
a quick sale? List your bargains with us.
$1000- FOR SALE-A paying drug business in
Western Addition. Box 22SC. Call.
HI! BRANCH bakery for sale; 1 living rooms.
&or.?i Filbert st. «
AN offer wanted; old-established corner xal.on;
A Bide entrance to tamale cafe, fair stocK and
A _ood business. 632 Market St., room 6. 1
HUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WELL-KNOWN Chicago house wants desir-
able man with few thousand dollars capital
to establish and conduct branch business;
$200 per month and expenses; also special
profits: term of years: high-class business:
goods widely known; $5000 per year or bet-
ter: inquirers to receive attention must state
amount of cash capital; also approximate
financial condition, and name references.
HENRY WADE, Boyce building, Chicago.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washington st.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1841. Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Arply Call oflice. .
FOR sale— Good paylnc Inside route on this
paper. Apnly Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse; weight ;'SO pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 220 Sansome
St.. room 15.
TWO-small business wagons; one large one;
doctor's phaeton; a bargain. 3767 Twenty-
fourth st.
FIXE business buggy cheap. 16 Bond st.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one tun; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama'st.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet- Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st . tel South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister st. ; phone South 116.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., -.02 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
.1 E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
'st.; cleaning. 8c per yard: tel Mission M
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 '".olden
Gate nvo.: tel Fast 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office nnd factory. -1 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) >! mill U.ISM.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. S
Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
C STEERS medium: 112^ Oak St.: circles
Tues., i p. m. : Th.. 2 p. m.; 250: readings, $1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 14s Sixth St.. r. 12.
PROF. GEE— Readings $1. 1035 Market St.: test
circles Thurs., Fri.. S p. m., 25c. 627 Bush st.
MRS. J. .1 WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
PROFESSOR ZEHA, the best fortune teller
In the city. 263 Third st.: upstairs.
GYPSY life, reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
2"c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh st.
SPIRIT test, business medium: sit. 50c, $1; cir-
cle Tues., Thurs . Sat. at 8, 10c 510 Valencia,
MME I.aN 1 quoen of clairvoyants. 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth: fee 25c up: satisfaction.
YOUR future tojd by cards, 25c; daily* 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.: Bun. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS ■' J.MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept v.'.-l. Sat.;2_Bp.rn..loc&2sc; sittings dally.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- !
band's picture. "c, ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. j
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
jj 538 IVY aye.; three sunny rooms, basement,
yard: betweent Laguna and Octavia sts.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market ft., over Cafe _inkand Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use' of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
(iental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
flliings from $1 up; other fillings ,from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 60 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work: teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. 13.60; plates,
full set, S3; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.,you can
have your extractions Bone painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 GO up: plates, extractions free. $l 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and (ills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty! all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. V. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 12 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
Fhorttrand, typing, languages. telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.: electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping. electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing. German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rate's: life* scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. O. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters an teachers;
Ellis system, sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. purvey. aesay.archl. ay and even.;
est. 1?64 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher, Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 95*
Adeline ft.. Oakland.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 5-7: hours 2 to 8. ■
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW- Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 005 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and .correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.tith.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United Stntr>s or Canada one year for 11.
postage paM. ■* m
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE.CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary st_ ; tel. Grant M.
THE SA"N FRANCISCO CALL, THUIRSDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. 1890.
EMI'LOVMEINT WAXTED — FEMALES.
COMPETENT Danish girl desires situation as
cooking and housework; best of reference.
MISS CPLLEN. :<«• Sutter St.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wants work;
ch;inil"-r work, sewing or mending; willing to
ii'-si^t in general: good home more object than
wages. Call or, address 21 Eranklin st.
(;i,i,|i ic'iinan cook wants place; general
housework; references: wages $25. 741 A Thlr-
h st.. near Fillmore.
RESPECTABLE, competent woman desires to
do general housework in city; good reference.
1801 Mission Ft.
RELIABLE Eastern girl desires a position in
second work and help with children; wages
$18, $2" Call at 221 Hickory aye.
y.ij'NG ficrman girl wants situation llfcht
i isework; $K> per month. Call at 2704 Twen-
ty-first st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter and
ncr sews 7.V a day or $4 a week; city
or Oakland. M. C_, box LJ46, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do housework in the city
, r country; small wages. Address box 1429,
Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; terms, Ssc a
day: good city references. Address box 1430,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; good reference. 61S O'Farrell st.
LAD- wishes work as chambermaid: just from
Canada. Address box 1227, fall office^
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wants work at
once. Address bos __6, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation.
Address 748 Howard, bet. Third and Fourth.
(■HUMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission St., room 1.
IOUNG woman wishes a situation; housework,
cooking. 1231 Market st.
WANTKIJ— Situation by middle-aged American
KaMern woman as housekeeper, hotel, private
family, ranch or mining camp; good cook;
reference. Address Room 13, Ahlborn House,
3i!> Grant aye.
WANTED— By a first-clasp French laundress",
washing or cleaning in private families by
the day; best of references. Call or address
MADAME, 10 Caroline place, between Pacific
and Jackson sts.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as cash-
ier in store or saleslady in bakery; experi-
enced and best of references. Box 2259, Call.
_OUNG lady, city reference and experience.
wishes position as nurse or nursery govern-
ess. Box 1219. CalL^
GOOD, respectable woman, lately from ttu-
E— st, wants laundry and upstairs work. SM
Geary st.
\\ VNTED Place us stenographer; understands
mimeographing; wages $15 per month. Box
22! M. Call.
SOBER, middle-aged woman wants position;
good rurse in sickness or confinement. 426Vs
Grove st.
1 III: MAN woman would like to work by the
day general housework and washing done.
Boa 1221, Call.
NICE German girl wants situation; upstairs
work and wait at table; city reference. 1022
Larkln _t,
_O1 NG lady wishes p.»^i'i" n ot an 3' kind ln
evening. Bos 2290, Call.
WmM \N wains v rk by the day; washing and
cleaning. 1648 Mission st.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, with-
out any [ncumbrances, wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor, in city
or country, for a good home. Address MUS..
Tl BURT. 256 Eighth st.
FIRST-CLASS c".»-rman cook desires situation;
in private family; best of references; wages
$35. Box 2164, ''all office.
HT young girl would like a position ln
a drygooda store. Apply 334 Hush st.
GERMAN girl, good co,,k, wants position In
email family. Inquire O. SIMON. 68 Clemen-
tina st
WINI HKSTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 100 rooms: fee to SI T.O night; $1 50 to J6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st
EMPLOVMKST WASTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced mill-
wright on quartz or flouring mills: first class
in quartz mining; city or country. Bux 1229, |
Call office. i
MAN and wife wish positions in gentleman's
f;nnllv as butler and chambermaid; good ref-
erences. A. W. s., 219 Seventh st.
GERMAN, first-class gardener, wishes sltua-
ln a private place; city or country; good
references. Address box 1225, Call office.
YOUNG man desires a position with a private
family: willing to do anything: is handy with
horses; city preferred Bos 1431, ''all office.
BRIGHT young man, age JO, living at home,
would like a situation of some kind. Addr"»s
J. M X., C7C' Lexington aye.
c;i" 'li cook wants position ln a cafe or restau-
rant; German. Please call or address M. <i.,
774% Folsom st.
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position;
experienced. 179 Fourth st.. room IS.
BARBER, three years' experience, wants posi-
tion; city or country. Box 124>>. Call office.
YOUNG man wants light work In private fam-
ily. Box 1223. Call office.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried. Hrst-clara hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271, <"aii office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, merchandise and
mining, wants position. bond furnished;
would leave city; Mexico, Manila or any-
where. Address H. I>. LLOYD, 836 Mission.
FIRST -CLASS French cook wishes situation,
Oakland preferred; best of references. Ad-
rtr.-si- box M 2-1. Call office. Oakland.
JAPANESE wishes |ob cleaning house by day,
W ei or month, Address SASAKI, "2.; .lesale.
SOBKU. competent, American, with small
family, wunis position .is working fop-man
on ranch; understands grain, ;ruit. stock and
poultry raising. Address P. O. box 15, Oat
Hill, Napa Co., Cal.
WANTED Work by young man nt win. low and
house cleaning by the day or other small jobs.
Henry Andersen, K_ r.ush: telephone East ■ ■
A BRA N't H Office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IC9S Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 '■i Market *st.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO. LKT.
FLAT of 5 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento st.,
nonr Jones.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. I7is Leavenworth st.
FLAT huntinc made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & lIOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HARRISON, Xl near Sixth— Clean flat; 6
rooms, bath; rent 522.
NEAR City Hall I sunny modern flats. 5 and
t rooms and bath each. 26 Grove nt., 25 and
27 Birch.
NEW sunny flat: 7 rooms and 2 kitchens; lat-
est Improvements; bay windows. 417% Third.
NINETEEN and Noe, northeast comer — Four
rooms, modern: $14; water free.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073— 105 ft. from Castro cars;
upper 6 rooms, large lot; fIS; water free.
WASHINGTON AYE, 18%. off Ninth, near
Mission— Four rooms and bath.
$9— MINNA. 1025— Flat of four sunny rooms; all
conveniences.
439 FOURTH Ft.; R room sunny flat; ln goo>l
order; reasonable rent to good tenant.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; C and 7 rooms, hath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FLATS TO LKT Fl KMSIIED.
SUNNY lower flat 3 rooms and bath; furnished;
Jl-i. 21l'i Baker st.
FI'RSITtRE FOB SALE!.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. 25c to Mic; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. KASTF.RK OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton at.
KOK sale— Furniture; parlor and two bedroom
sets; .almost new; cheap. Inquire. Ki4 Mission.
FOR SALE A 1.-room house; all rented; $3r/i.
Apply 83 Steven— 9n st.
$300— "-ROOM Oat, Hearty new; 2 steady roomers;
rent reasonable. 772 Stevenson st., near '.tth.
4 ROOMS furntkhed In oak for Jl< M. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. lK'7-ini Market.
CHFAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for II per year.
furniture: wasted.
WANTED— $.".000 carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLKMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED--$5OOO carpets. furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. SUversteln, 1121 Market.
'■ FURRIERS, FURS, KTC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrak.-.n toques, $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny: top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS-
WANTED— Lady canvassers on soaps which
sell on their merit; experience not necessary
to make good wages. Apply at factory, 30UD
Mission st. ■
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., PHONE "GRANT 155."
Waitress, Stockton, $20; waitress. Auburn; 2
waitresses, Bakersfield, arm work, tare here;
waitress, Colusa, $20; chambermaid to wait,
Antioch, $22 50; chambermaid to. wait, city,
$20; chambermaid to wait, Mt. View, $20;
waitress, restaurant, San Jose, $25; waitress,
restaurant, city, $20; waitress, restaurant, $6
a week; laundress, ' Jamestown, fare here,
■.-17 50; ironer, San Jose, $25; laundress, in-
stitution, $20; 2 cooks private boarding-house,
$26. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., PHONE "GRANT 185."
Cook for San Jose, $30, see party here at 11
o'clock: girl for general housework for San
Jose, $20, see party here at 11 o'clock; girl
for general housework for Merced, see party
here at 2:30; girl for general housework in
small American family, $20; and 50 girls for
general housework, from $15 to $25; woman
with a child old enough to go to school, $15
to $20, see party here at 10 o'clock, Stanislaus
County. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED German cooks, 130; also a num-
ber of German and Swedish girls for cook-
ing and housework, $20. $25. city and country.
J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutler St.
WANTED— Cook, boarding-house, nice place,
$35. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
TWO laundresses, Institution, $25 and $30;
laundresses and chambermaid, $30. private
family. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Second girl, $25; 2 Protestant second
girls, $20, city and country; 4 nurse girls,
$20; 2 German nurses, $20; 5 Protestant girls
for housework, $25; second cook, restaurant,
$6 a week; 8 chambermaids and waitresses,
$20, city and country: 10 restaurant wait-
resses, $5, $6 week; 3 fancy ironers, $7, $10
week; woman to do cleaning, institution, $20;
housekeej>er, $20, nice place; 20 girls for cook-
Ing and housework, $20, $25, city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, housework, country, $15
per month. MISS H. CULLINAN, 823 Sutter.
NURSE, Oakland, two grown children; $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, San Jose, $30, see lady here to-morrow;
housework. Oakdale, ! M". MISS 11. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Butter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
A— HOUSEWORK. San Rafael, $25; Alameda,
$20; Oakland. $25: Sausallto, $2"; Berkeley.
$25; 12 housework girls, "ity, $25 and $20; 15
young girls to assist. $10. $12 and $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, $20; laundress,
$18. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.
OPERATORS wanted to work In factory on
Indies' and children's wear. 723 Market St.,
room 35. "*••
A GIRL to do general housework and plain
cooking; wages. $15; references required 1773
Post st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; sleep
home: no washing. Call before 12 o.'clock at !
152$ McAllister st. |
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist i
In light housework. 1649 Mission St., bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
WANTED— Young cirl who would like good
home to assist with light housework; orphan
preferred. Box 2293, Call.
GOOD pants finishers. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S, Powell and Eddy sts., 7:30 a. m.
OPERATORS on white goods, underskirts and
caps. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome it.
NEAT, strong girl tor general housework and
cooking. 750 Castro st., near Twenty-first.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $10.
Apply 121 SB Fulton st.
AN apprentice on custom coats; pay while
learning. 65f> Clay st., room 7.
WANTED— A -class waiter girl; call early.
2513 Greenwich ist.
GIRL, 16 or over, to assist housework. Call !
3520 Twenty-third st., near Valencia.
WANTED— Dressmakers' apprentice. Apply to
MRS. BEKEART. 121 Post st.
TRIMMER wanted: state experience and wages
expected. Address box 1224, Call office.
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
family: good home. 2504 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS coat finisher. 6% Kearny st.,
room 16.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' capes;
good pay. MEYER 8R05., 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework.
Apply at 1314 Masonic aye.
AN assistant operator on custom pants; steady
work. -2." Fifth St.
WANTED Girl as waitress for bakery and
coffee parlor. 132 Fourth Ft.
GOOD waitress wanted. 106 Second Ft.
GOOD finishers on coats, $12 i>er week. 251
Eighth St.. Oakland.
RELIABLE clrl for housework and cooking, j
Call for 2 days, after 9 a. m.. 2130 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl of 15 to assist with light;
housework awl baby. 129 Olive aye.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on ladles' putts; also
Improvers. Room 4, 231 Post St.
GIRL to do general housework and assist
cooking. Call at 249 Fourth st., upstairs.
YOUNG girl to help around store. Call €29
Lark in st.
NURSEGIRL wanted. 630 Turk st.
NEAT girl for light housework; good home;
small family. Call 610 U. Polk st. ______
FIRST-CLASS shirt finisher; must be experi-
enced. MAJOR CONWAY, 88 Flood building.
WOMAN to do housework and plain cooking;
references. 1227 Pacific, near Leavenworth.
WOMAN to do housework: wages $20. Twenty-
eighth and Alabama sts.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
t
j
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
Ml!. DAVIS.
FINISHERS on coats, pants and vests; best
wages In the city. 541 Market st.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure; $10 per week; steady position. Address
box 704, Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording ladles' un-
derskirts, flannel . skirts, etc. Apply H.
FRIEDLANDER, 838 Fell St.
EXPERIENCED apprentices wanted; must
know how to sew well. 131 Montgomery St..
room 5.
GIRL for housework and cooking, short trip
and In country. Apply 617 Steiner St.
TAILORESS wanted on pants. 713% Bush st.
GOOD pants finisher; permanent; first-class
pay. 724% Market st., room 27.
GIRL for general housework In German fam-
ily: no wnshlnz. 439 Minna st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $15. 1530 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and apprentice for cus-
tom coats. 1036 Howard st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on vests;
steady work and good pay. 554 Folsom st.
WANTED girls to label canned goods. Over-
land Packing Co., 217 Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl apprentice to learn the hairdress-
Ing trade, S. STROZ.YNSKI. 24 Geary st.
50 GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36^. Fremont st.
APPRENTICE on pants; paid while learning.
110 William St.. oir Geary, near Taylor.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
wo at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
M. POWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth »t.. near- Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN~SS4S
..Leading Employment and I^abor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
harness makers, .stone and concrete masons
upholsterers slate splitters
wood turn.-is mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door makers
blookmakers setters sawmills
machinists on corrugated rolls coopers
wages above Jobs, $.*., $4 $3 50, $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO"
164 laborers and teamsters, $2 50 $2 $1 75 day.
MURRAY .v- READY, 634-636 Clay st.
STABLEMEN OTHER HELP
14 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness cleaners, etc., city and country, $50, $40,
$30, $25 and found; also help for Utah, Ore-
gon, Washington. Hawaiian Islands. Ari-
zona. British Columbia. MURRAY & READY.
631-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS
GRAPE PICKERS
stif. MEN AND HOYS
....FARE? $125, OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SUIT; YOU WILL....
80* to l»0 days' work. $30 per mo. and fd....
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
$3 50 DAY— COAL MINERS— S3 50
TO SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH
FARE PAID; BOSS AT OUR OFFICE:
COME SEE HIM. MURRAT & READY. 634-
-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR PARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
197 MEN FOR 50 different Jobs
..FROM LABORERS TO RIN MACHINES..
..WAGES $26 to $4u per month and found..
ALSO LUMBER PILERS, crosscut sawyers.
tree fellers, bark peelers, Jack screwers,
woodsmen and millmon of every descrip-
tion, $80, $75, $65, $50, $45. $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tietnakers, shingle and bolt
makers picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
to every R. R. In California but one
driller*, Jiammersmen. teamsters, laborers,
stone masVns, etc., from $3 50 day: board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
25 carpenter, 8 hours, free fare, 16 miles lrom
J?an Francisco, 9 months' Job $3 day
15 carpenters, city and country Job —$3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
9 GOLD MINES
4 SILVER MINES
23 OTHER MINES
25 miners *2 50 day
154 laborers (no experience wanted), $ai per
month, including bund and lodging ••
25 laborers, Inre $1 60, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine
$34 and found
27 laborers, large mine *<>3
MURRAY & READY. l":4-<;::6 clay st.
BOILER-MAKERS MACHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
5 machinists, city and country Jobs $3 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers. .$6O. $50 $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
MARRIED HELP
5 farmers and wives.. 2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives
2 chambermaids and porters
5 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook ior men, man as ch"r»m»n on
ranch; $60 $.".", $50 ?i5. $40, $35, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT i! A K ERS
32 cooks $65 $55 $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
19 waiters..' 1 $35. $30, $25, $20 and found
3K dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
4 first 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boy« to learn. $45. $40. $35. $30. $25, $20. $15
and found; come and see us: la porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen.
Janitors, $30. $25. $20, $15 and found; 7 iaun-
drymen $35 $30. $25 and found
r. rooks and wives. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st. ___^__ -
......GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers <no»experlence), fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare" $1 50 ....$6O
is teamsters fare 75c $2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50, »3. $2 50, $2. $1 75 day;
3 milk wagon drivers, city. $35. $25 and found;
young man for a grocery store, city
$20 and found
5 railroad section hands, fare .'A- $60
MRURAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS
33 chorvmen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc, J4", $30. $25, $20,
$15, $10 and found; by the day
MURRAY & REAI'Y. r.:(4-»'.:?6 Clay St.
A-HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
Eng-lneer. hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
r-rs 4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack
sewers straw bucks, derrick forkers, fire-
man. $4. $.i. $2 50, $2. $1 75. $1 50 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
S2 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
9 milker* $30. $25 and found
MURRAY A READY, 138-636 ''lay st. _
TALLYMAN, lumber yard, near city. $2 sft day:
fruit and grape nickers, Sonoma. Napa. Santa
Clara and other counties. $30 and found: help
for private families, 125 and found. MURRAY
6 REAI'Y. 634-636 Clay st.
F\ 111-' PAID ...OREGON FARE PAID
25 men to work for a Sawmill Co. MURRAY
* READY. 634-636 Clay st.
cock $50: dishwasher, $20; same country ho-
tel. MURRAY & READY, 634-686 clay st.
W VNTED -Quartz miner, ?2 5» day; man about j
place, $2.".: stableman and driver tor milk |
route $25; buggy washer, $50; harness cleaner, |
$45; farmers, $20. $25 and $26; errand boy. $3;
v.-e.-k; milker; 20 woodsmen for California,
$55 to $!>■: In woodsmen for Oregon; boy to
learn blacksmith trade; 73 laborers for mines,
mills, woods, pick and shovel and other work.
51 75 $1 90 ?2 day; 20 teamsters, $1 75 and $2
day. "and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62$
Sacramento ft.
W\NTEI» Man and wife, private family. $50;
ppp hoss her- to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Se< 'ii'l cook, $14 week; short order
cook and wife as waitress, $60; cook and -.vife
for tnechani< b' boarding-house, ? ! ">0; boarding-
house cook $»o. and helper $20; waiters, good
restaurants, $30 and $4": hotel waiters. $25 to
$30; night cook, country hotel, $:;5; night
dishwashers, $25, and $7 week, and other
hotel and restaurant help; assistant bakers
and others. J. F. CROIeETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon in city. J35 |
and found; teamster to haul milk to city. $30
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED Man and wife on ranch near city;
no objection to 1 child; $40 and found. W. I).
EWER & CO., SlO Clay st.
WANTED 10 more grape pickers, $26 to $30
and board; 10 men for mills, woods and brick .
yards; 50 farm hands, different places near
City; 10 scraper teamsters, railroad work,
f] 85 to $2 per day: 3 laborers on ranch near
City $26 and board: good strong boy to drive
2 horses on a ranch near city, $20 per month
and board, free fare: American farm hand
near city free fare, $25. and others; cooks,
$40 and $50. W. D. EWER & CO, 610 Clay.
COLORED bellboy, $10 per month. MISS CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter st.
PORTER Hanford. $20 and found. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. -Help wanted
for best families, hotels and restaurants; see
our list in office and register your name free.
PORTER, $20; 2 waiters, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE.' 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A good Industrious boy from about
16 to 20 years of age to learn window shade
manufacturing business; must also under-
stand how to take care of horses; no other
need apply: must furnish good references.
Address box 12,11. Call.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wnges $2 per day. Apply to JAMES
A. McMAHON, 210 Spear Bt.
WANTED— A pressman on custom pants; also
a boy about 17 or over to learn. Apply 411* i
Kenrny st, top floor.
WANTED— A boy who has had experience In
book binding. THE HICKS-JUDD COM-
PANY. 23 First st.
BARBER wanted; young man; a good work-
man: wages $6 50 and board. Address F. J.
S.. 1754U Seventh St.. West Oakland. CaL
$65 PER month can be made by steady man;
permanent place: light work; must have
small capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
BOYS wanted at CALIFORNIA BARREL
FACTORY, Potrero, city.
BOY wanted. 116 Geary st.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS..JM Sutter Ft.
JEWELERS. .32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
WAGON boys wanted at WESTERN DELIV-
ERY. "7J Natoma st. Call bet S and 9a. m.
BOY about 16 to work in llcpuor store. Apply
after 10 o'clock at 400 Halght St.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES, 7% Sutter st.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman, experienced in gro-
cery or crockery business. Box 1230. Call.
WAITER wanted. IS Eddy St.
TWO tailors to work on coats; good wages.
US Natoma st.
THIRD hand on bread; $30 a month; board and
room. 2SOS Twenty-fourth st.
BOY wanted to make himself g-enerallv useful
about store: ref required. 914 Market, upstairs.
GOOD WAITER wanted. 29 Fourth ?t.
WANTED— Second cook, email hotel; elderly
man. 1012 Battery st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R, HANSEN A C0...........1M GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
WANTED
Coast Road, free fee and fare for laborers
and teamsters, $1 75 and $2 a day.
10 stone masons, $3 50; 15 helpers, $2; free
fare.
VALLEY ROAD
3 different camps— 2o 4-horse teamsters,
$2 25 a day: 20 2-horse teamsters, $2 a day; 15
laborers, $2; free fare.
25 laborers and teamsters, $2; board $4 50 a
week.
6 graders. $2; 5 teamsters, $1 85; no blanket-
needed; board and lodging, $5 a week.
MADERA BRANCH
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day;
free fare.
30 laborers, company work, $175 a day;
board $4 50; free fare.
10 rockmen. $2 a day.
C. H. HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife, private place, country, handy
man and woman cook, $50 and found: man
and wife, private place, $40 and found; farm-
er and wife, do housework. $40 and found;
man about place, $45 and room. All see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
2 BOILERMAKERS. $3 75 a day; 4 carpenters,
near city, finishing work, $3 a day; 2. stone
masons, north. $4 a day; 4-horse coal wagon
teamster, $2 50 a day, steady; 2-horse coal
wagon teamster. $2 25 a day, city; driver,
light delivery, $20; baker wagon, $16 and
found; sack sewer $2 a day and board; 2 hoe
downs, $175 and board; dairyman, 25 cows,
no butter making, $35 and found; buggy wash-
er, $50; buggy washer, $30 and found; har-
ness cleaner, $30 and found; stableman, $25
and found; assistant janitor. $20; almond and
apple pickers, $1 and found, for Marln and
Solano Cos. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
30 LABORERS for steel gang; company work;
board $4 50 a week; free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHAS. MUTTI, the cook, wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHEF, country restaurant, $100; second cook,
hotel, Honolulu, $60, fare paid; second cook,
restaurant, $60; cook for a small club, $60;
meat cook, hotel. $70; cooks. $12. $10, $3 and $7
a week- dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20
and $25.
3 restaurant waiters, country. $11 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GOOD, steady barber; good wages for the right
man. 623 Clay st.
BARBER with 6 or 8 months' experience
wanted. 3119 Fillmore St., nr. Greenwich.
BARBERS— S7S buys 3-chalr . shop; rent $10;
good 10c trade; sickness. 533 Sixth, grocery.
WANTED— Young man, IS years, to work in
grocery store. 435 Third St.
WANTED— Potwasher and waiter at restau-
rant, UK* Market st.
YOUNG man for grocery who has had some
experience. 633 Larkln st.
BOYS for picture framing; one to learn and
one with experience. JONES. 547 Mission st.
WANTED— Cashier understanding restaurant ,
business; all-around useful man. 29 Stockton.
THREE energetic men or women; steady
work; good wages. 47i; 1 2 13th St., Oakland.
SMALL errand boy. CONWAY & ASHER, S6
Flood building. '
POLISHER wanted; Contra Costa Laundry,
Fourteenth and Kirkham sts., Oakland.
WANTED -Sign painter; young man; steady |
work all the year around. 79 Third st.
MAN and wife for private resort in country.
Call S a. m.,311 Taylor st.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 514 Second st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st. j
WANTED Fleet-class restaurant man with
some means to take hold of a cafe connected
with one of the best saloons In town. Apply
between 10 and 12 at the Florence, 102 Ellis st.
WANTED— to carry out bread a few j
hours in the morning. Call at Pioneer bak- i
cry. cor. Clay and Mason sts. j
WANTED— At once, man to do lead glazing j
and hand metallic sash work. LOS AN- j
GELES ART GLASS CO., Los Angeles, Cal. .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso- j
rial art; constant practice: expert Instruction; i
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. *3.'. Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 2:.c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and }2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply ;
K. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta- }
tion, on Valley Road. j
EXPERIENCED boy to feed Job press. 10
Stevenson st.
WANTED— after school to learn a trade.
1008 Mission st.
WANTED— Boys to learn tailoring; also tail-
ors. 131 Montgomery st.. room 5.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore St.
STEADY position for good engraver. Apply
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market st.
COATMAKER and apprentice on vests wanted. ;
DRISCOLL, 103 Fifth st. \
BARBERS— 4-chalr shop: good business; for
sale. Apply STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED firm requires services re- |
liable man for this community; salary $1S j
weekly and expense?; state former employ- !
ment. "Manufacturer," box 1027, Phllada.. Pa. j
WANTED Young man to assist In restaurant; j
German or Dane preferred; good wages. 10 j
Stockton Bt. :
COMPOSITOR wanted. Call at Hayes Valley
Printing and Stationery Co., 310 Hayes St., .
n>-ar Franklin. j
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, "21 Mar-
ket st. ' .
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st.
BARBERS— Paying 3 chair shop: $90; on ac-
count of sickness. 203 Montgomery aye.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. .1. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS— Good shop In country for sale.
DECKKLJ— -N BROS.. 10« Ellis st.
BOY with some experience in men's furnishing i
goods, at LUBIN'S. 'ill Montgomery st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission si., bet. Ist and 2nd sts. j
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight salary
paid. Apply 8 a. m., 300 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to Ssc; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals: best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE, 13S',_ Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _ CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
'for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st , near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; rending room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
leiula st
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
NO. 1 fresh Holsteln and Jersey cow; third
calf; fine milker; gentie, 1312 Folsom st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIF.L. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Gold*- Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODOING — FOR SALE.
30 ROOMS, corner; rent $55 $750
18 rooms on Turk, near Market 550
48 rooms on Market st.; rent $75 1.800
48-room hotel In Oakland 2,600
80-room house; clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy st-: must sell COO
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11 -room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2,200
50 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500.... 3.7.'>
"-room flat, $150; 8- room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6.500
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $*K».^ 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
LODGING houses to suit, at honest prices:
I money to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST
, EXCHANGE. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
FINE bargain, 17 rooms; vicinity Sixth and
Market; clearing $75 monthly: best bargains
■ In lodginghouses in city. HEALY. 917 Market.
$900 WILL buy a corner house of 32 rooms; all
full. EITEL, lOO&i. Market at. 1
HOUSES LODGING — SALE.
STOO^SNAPTIsTooms: fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASELE. 3 Eddy st.
$300-BARGAIN: 24 rooms; *» rented ; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$325-20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market:
all rented; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
TO rent-9-room lodging-house, with private
entrance in rear: newly painted Papered,
313'/. O'Farrell st., nr. Mason. la Grant aye.
$225— ELEVEN furnished housekeeping room 8 ;
clears $21 50; 2 rooms free; low rent. IOUI
Folsom st.
BEALE 343. near Santa Fe Terminal— Large
house 50 rooms; good renting location.
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
Howard St.. cor Third. _____
LODGING houses— Call before buying and Bell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
,' HOUSES TO LET.
H^>u7fE"~hunUng made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery St.
$10— EIGHT rooms, yard; fine view. Lombard
St.. near Hyde.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Leather purse with 3 pockets. 'contain-
ing gold and sliver coin and Masonic and
quart* pins. Finder may keep money If pins
are returned to E. C. HARE. Masonic Tem-
ple, or 1139 Fifth aye.. South San Francisco.
LOST— Wednesday morning, lady's gold watch;
partially open face; initials T . C. on .back
Reward on returning to Berkshire Hotel. .11
Jones st. ■
LOST-Gold band ring set with 2 diamonds;
Saturday night. Return to MISS BROLQLET.
459 Geary st., before 9 a. m. or after 6 p. m.
LOST— Sept. IS. a light brown Irish setter with
one tooth missing out of lower Jaw. Return
to 1370 Eddy St.; receive reward.
LOST— Purse, on Folsom St., near Tenth, con-
taining money. Return to 1401 Folsom st.,
Mahoney's drug store; reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; engraved Henrietta
Hanson Return to owner. 2126 California st.;
liberal reward. • ____
LOST— Silver skye terrier dog; collar with bells;
liberal reward. 1273 Broadway.
ON OFarrell-st. car, small hand satchel con-
taining two bathing suits. Return to 96 Third
St.. cigar store; reward.
SATURDAY" night, chain bracelet, lock; re-
ward? 9 Beale St.. or 1260 ; Seventh, Oakland.
LOST— August 15, a gold I O. G. .T.
badge; reward of $1 GO will be paid for return
of same to Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 18 pages, sent to any address In th-»
United State?, postpaid, for $1 Per year.
MEDICAL.
I>!'_ WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 7KI-766 Clay St.. Pan
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over MOO varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DR. GOODWIN, lady's physician; formerly of
401 Van Ness aye. and 13*2 Market st.; now
at lIS Eddy, one block from Market. '
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st,; bet. Mason and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
MRS DR. WTETH, ladles' physician: consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
1 MRS DR. GWTEB, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS? DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1223
Market St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 818 Kearay rt.
MRS DR. WEGENER. ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MR*S ALLENTladies' physician, 22S Van .v .
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to a p. m.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AND MINING.
W F ARAM mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills bldg., S. F. . tel. Main 844.
COPPER mine partly developed; accessible:
runs 10 per cent: price $15,000; gold quartz
mine in Oregon, IS-inch vein. $50 ore; price
$5000: purchaser may deal with owner direct.
W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand' machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A— ST. BERNARD (at the stud); Diablo II;
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast; prize
winner; fee $20. X .. 22',. Geary, room 29.
OLD building for sale. Inquire N. MEYER.
311 Battery st. ; .
BARBER'S outfit: chair, etc.: complete: cheap;
also clock 100 years old. 1107 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 130? Mission St.. near Ninth.
GOOD Caligraph typewriter. $25; get particu-
lars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery Ft.
4 H. P. GASOLINE engine carburettor, muf-
fler, tank. batteries, etc. WHITE, 516 Mission.
CANARIES, fine young singers, $2; females.
50 cents. 118 Fell st.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearn> St., near Pine.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS engines. lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10: MISFIT.
CLOTHING PARLORS, .'l3 Montgomery st.
DR. CREELYS C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
2 DENTAL chairs: must be Al and a bargain.
Ohio Dental Parlors, inc., 850 Market St.;
open evenings and Sundays, 9 to 2.
WANTED— Second-hand surrey or light car-
riage, in good condition. Box 1218. this office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room 12, Flood building.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, IW first-class scraperteam»
with harness nr.d pead bars; long Job. E B.
PTOVTT F'r^b-irst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as lons as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe b!dg.. 1170 Market St.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal; no commission; no delays J
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abov»
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6U per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legaces bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
A RFLIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. j"w__rj__W. J- HESTHAU 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
150 TO 000: lowest rate?- Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 692. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 6»0 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
XT?TNE~new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIS', 7G9 Market st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
yket St.. If you want the best.
A FINE Arion piano, $90. THE J. DEWIX,
CO., second floor Flood building.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
SPLENDID 45teinway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10, Flood building.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvals', 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
A— sBs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister M.MTSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Afi we are felilne good upngi-.t pianos for M
cash and $o per month, we as* you to lnvesti-
gite and approve thts method; prices are the
?ame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 "and
io per menth. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearr.y and Sutter
iftadway, olkS°' Thlrt^ t!l ™*
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
wes n t . "'i^^SS? la KOHLER « CHASE'S,'
.o, .:< and 30 O Parrel] st.; pianos, organs and
all otner musical Instruments cf all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poeaiOM done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
.-Hf. 175. «
Cornish IS3 q,,
hmith & Barnes ....'. " 130 0i)
1 Stock. 1 Chiokerins. l Weber
HENJ. CU&TAZ & SON. 14 O' Farrell st.
A ;^-UPRIGHTS, (63 up; Installments. IS 73 up;
rents. X up 'allowed on sale). Heine, 130 Ellis.
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento et., agent for
Francis Baoon and Hallett &. Davis pianos.
A "BARGAIN — Steinway upright -heap.
SCHMITZ, 15 McAllister, next Hib*mia Bank.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Homung Br;s.' pianos. 2!i5 McAllister St.
EOHMER, Byrcn Mauzy and ether pianos. 303
Pest st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos md 4 Cabinet Or-
£ar.g. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O' Farrell st.
SUPERIOR Ytolins.f zither*,: «ld ' and new. hT
MI'LLHR. rr.p.'W. ■-' ■!- - 2 Latham place.
OFFICES KM) STORES TO LET.
WANTED-Tiil'T cr pawnbroker to rent fine
corner store: Kearr.y st. ; also fine offices- 112
SPECK A CO. '
F'">R rent or for lease. M 3 Howard St.. larye
=tnre and large concrete basement.
EMMA SPREPKELS building. 927 Market at.—
Desirable nff.ggg. $12 50 to $20. . ■
PALMISTRY^
iiME. NEERGAARDT"pupil~of~Count"st. G«r-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones: issea:
office hours. Ito 8 p. m. : reading by mall. $1
PERSONALS.
ASSORTMENT cf imported and domestic rem-
r.ants tor suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel. ■
HAG carpets wove to 1 rder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer i.-.
carpet twine, □ hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gl-: MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
MME. LOUISE'S mar.lcure parlor has removed
from O' Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
JAMES a. SORENSON, watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st.. near Missioa.
WANTED — Name and address of persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have pa:i In en stock
for •> or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG,
032 Ma.-ke: at.. S. F.. room 23.
LaCHMaN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and sea!
garmen-s: also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, riies cured : examination free!
? Drs. Maoafleld & Porterfield, S2S Market st.
LEDERER'S Qaintonlca Hair Tonic; used by
all >ad:ng r«*opie: makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TTHE best is what you want. At Lederer's
Hdirdressmg P.irlcrs they always suit you;
2!c; erv-d switches, $1; fine, $2 50; Lederera
FciSio Shampoo, 5c pkg. Leuerer, li 3 Stktn.
HLRSUTINE Co.. hair Erecialists. ercw hair
cr na cay; book for stamp. <i Ed.iy st.
A— I— \DIES" tailor-made suits to crder at
■wholesale fibres. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansc-ne.
IF ycu ■wish full value for your ca^t-oK clcth-
■-■s call on B. COHEN. 137 Third st.
CUR leather is carved in Mexico; beautiful
telts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cai. Amer-.can and Foreign
Send fcr circular. ! Patents Solicited.
MARY— I ;-t ny handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1305 Stockton, nr. Broal-
way. There ycu can get most anything in that
i:ne en easy payments; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
K:tei. 44 Thirl St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
2"c to XI 30 per eight: $150 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fr.rn the ferry.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
soli; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. K23 Foisom st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no inj*c-
U sn : g-uarantd. Dr. Gordln. ZU Pine. ab. Krr.y-.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LSM'~>S. 1117 Market «t .. bet. 7th and Sth.
W.4.VTKD — '">td e-iid tor :r.anu£a*n;r_ O. NoitA)
Jeweler, 24 ; O'Fa-r "'<'.. bet. Pnw»il & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 niw ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
PHYSK [AM AXD SURGEONS.
ER. C C O'DONNELL. office and residence,
'■TT— '--->=- b-»t. glTth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
A FEW CHARMERS
AT A. M. SPSCK 1 CO. 's
In the r.xamir:?r building.
". "'"•"' — Market st.: 7 years' lease; rents
;: ' per annum net; grand improvements-
Jl^.Ow) — S-story stone, brick and iron building:
rents $10,060 per annum; guaranteed lease; S
i>.ar«' Jease.
iIIO.OCO — fl-st^ry new rressed trick; Z y»axs'
guaranteed irase: rents $7'X!O.
J5J.00O — t-stcry brfck: vicinity cf Tlvoli; pays 1
I per cent net; always rented.
♦3. «»;'»— Grind Investment; block, frcm Stock- j
t - .r. i Market; lot 23x137; old improvements; '
pays ■*) p^r cent n^t; if irr.ptnv-i will pay IS per j
129.00*— Jones st.; 77-foot front roes with 3 ;
fr ntage>: :air irnprcve:m.-:us.
114.000 — O«ary st-, near Mason; store- and i
lodging house.
$IS.iV>o— First st.; 37-foot front: 2 fronts; near
M!.=jlon.
$10, ."00— New fiats; very fine: r»hts $55.
$l'!. mm)— Ninth st., near Mission; business
JSCi'O— Stockton st.; rents J7O; lease 10 y^ars
$-.-!)¥)_ California st. : 3 fiatj: rent 3 $45.
$!7;tr— Turk St.; 2 fiats and stabie; reduced •
fr'jm W.VO: larrr* lot.
12690--2 fiais: rents $13.
1750— Cozy new ecttag»; large let, used for :
chickens and vegetables.
ether bargains at A_ M. SPECK & CO 657
Market -n.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CP.OCKER BUILDING. ;
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
1390 to $SoO— Sunset Heights lots from Sev- I
enth to Nineteenth 1 -''-s.. ready to builß
en; $25 down, JlO monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H at. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to J7Co— Richmond lota. $13 monthly.
$75 to 1300 — Ocean Boulevard lota, to monthly.
JIOO to Mission st. and Ocean View iota, ■■
%i monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ 4 BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
E3QO— EASY term*: new park residence, 9' sunny
rooms fn'^hed basement, substantial and up
to 'date, fin* location, large lot; .Cart «.. be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-at.
line ass the door; Haight-at. cars. transfer
tafaajni at Masonic aye. J. HTICMLRX,
builder ar.i owner, on premises.
NEW HOMES • •••■•••"
Five ti 7 3 and 10 room houses, finished
with' ail modern conveniences, front: on
Walter Pl-r-e and Primrose sts., from $3100
to t4y*>: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wiih to sell them,
call en W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
rOINT RICHMOND towns! te to sell; 24 acr-s;
lots to leaae L _G_ W. HAIGHT. 401 California.
WANTED at one*-— Good city properties for
cash Apply SPF.- X & CO.. »€? Market at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*üb!>eription» has t»-n established at 10*» Va-
>ncia «t. __^__ [
AL T V TO I \C II 1 NOD
NICE improved r»sid*r,ce In Berkeley, beaut!- |
fu'.iy laid out ground, for small Improved
farm in bay counties; must hay« good water
: facilities. <rerm3.n- American. 34 Kearny st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Uoom-rentlns Co.. 428 Kearny.
BRYANT. 1101-Two or three furnished front
r-ioms: complete for housekeeping; cheap.
CL VY. IC2K- Four unfurnished rooms and bath '
for housekeeping; $13 CO.
EDDY.- 917— Nicely furnished housekpg rooms; I
splendid location; private res.: no children. •
pr.T.ls, sig — Newly furnished housekeeping j
rcumi ground Boor; reasonable. i
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 319—2 housekeeping rooms newly fur-
nished; ground floor.
ELLIS, 1455 — Large front parlor, handsomely
with bath and kitchen.
"FIFTH. 343 — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap.
FILLMORE. 1929— Fine sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; single.
FULTON. 213—2 furnished flats. 2 and 3 rooms;
running water; cual and gas range.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 10C0— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping ;
private family: :'re« telephone.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nishe.i comDlete fcr h-jusekeecins;; large
5-ard; rent tn.
HOWARD, 719%, bet. Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent reason-
' able; batb^
• HYPE. 110— Three rooms; all furnished com-
■ plete for housekeeping.
HYDE. 127— Sunny furnished housekeeping
I rooms with front view, and others.
' HYDE. 305— Furnished housekeeping rooms; en
suite or single: $14. $11 and $9.
' IV AN HOE, lOCS Poik. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
«unny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to in. $15 up: ret.
! KEARNT, 104— Front suite, unfurnished, $13;
j three rooms. Jl.".
! LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 for-
! nlahed front rooms; stove.
j LARKIN, 328—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete: gas range; bath.
! MAIN, Sunny furnished housekeeping
! bachelor rooms; $4 to J.S month.
! MINNA. 2S— Furnished front housekeeping
I rooms.
; MINNA. 342— Housekeeping and single rooms.
: MISSION. 945— Front rocm. with folding bed,
j and kitchen, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
! MISSION. 17riU, nr. Thirteenth— : sunny fur-
i nlshed housekeeping rooms: bath; laundry; *8.
I OCTAVIA I*o3 cor. Geary— front room,
| mantel, folding bed, kitchen, ga* stove, •-■
! SUNNY front suite 3 unfurnished rooms, all
rr.o<iern conveniences; Western Addition. Box
j 2292. Call. -
i SUTTER, -Furnished parlor, bedroom,
I (dining-room, kitchen, bath; no children; lady
j will board for rent.
: THIRD. 31*— Housekeeping rooms, $1 50 to {: 50;
a.so others.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
! suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Vac
: !erc:a st
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Infurn.
A^BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
• 23c to $1 per night: $1 2: to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t-
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor its.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 "0 day. MRS. J. KING.
I AT New Grand. 24£ 3d— Ist-class sunny rms..
' 13c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 32 Second St.. double rooms for week, $1 30
to $3: single. $1 to $1 50: day. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1354)— Fu-
rnished rms.. eultes. single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor.' Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well fura. rm». £ offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hoteli— Clean, neat
rocnas; fl W week up. elevator day and night.
ELLIS, i?."!? corner Larkir. — Sunny bay window;
rr-antel; folding bed; gas; bath; $13.
FURNISHED rooms to let. 408 Sixth st.
EXCELSIOR House. 3:- Tuts; cor. Taylor— New
mangt. : sunny front bay-wind, rms.; trans' nt.
GEARY. 405 'The Navarre*— Conirortatle furs.
rccßis; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEART, Elegant suite parlors, suitable tor
der.tirt or physician: other rms.; piano; phone.
GEARY. 736. near Leavenworth — Two neatly
furnished rooms, $4 and $3 monthly; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission gts.— Sunny rccms. en suite or single;
'.adies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HAI'iHT. I l *— Sur.ny furnished front rocm;
gas. bath cr grat»; 1 nr ! gentlemen.
HANCOCK House, 751 Mission— Select family ,
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. Second and Third. ,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
cptior.al : reasonable.
HOWARD, 713 — iOu sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nlehed: every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. S2-.J— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running !
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1130 '-.»— Newly furnished rooms;
reasonable: light housekgeping privileges.
HOWARD. 1311 A— Bay-window front room, j
sunny side, nicely furnished: 1 or 2 gents.
HUGHES HOUSE. 21t Third— Newly renovat- i
ed; 23<: to 50c per night; 51 50 to «3 "er week. i
LARGE sunny alcove room overlooking Jeffer-
son square; choice location: references ex- ,
changed. 536 Turk at., cor. Gough. '
LE.vVENWORTH. o!7 — Single sunny furnished
room for a gentleman; $5 per month.
MASON, all— Large sunny front room; gas;
also single; private family. :
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay- j
win.iow room; $1 per we»k; transient. j
MISSION. 92CV- Handsomely furnished newly :
papered sunny bay-window front room.
OAK, 35."> — Large ----- furnished; gas; ;
bath: private family; for 1 or 2; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny rurnished rooms and ;
offices; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele- i
gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellla St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and |
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50:
week. 12 to $3; month. $8 to $33; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SEVENTH. 262— Nicely furnished rooms: sun- ;
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
rear Market— ornlshed and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., K?arny et.
THE MALFGRD. 107 Taylor and 104 Turk-
Lovely sunny suites of rooms suitable for
dentist; also ether rooms; fine transient. In
suites and eln^'s.
THE H»ath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms ;
and board: hot and cold water; telephone:
modern: all conveniences. ;
THE Oake. 119 Third— A good rooming house!
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay.-
wtndow moms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD, 123— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. j
THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 75c to !
$1 per week.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— Tee "Weekly ;
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the :
United States, nostpaid. for fl ■ <•- year.
SEWI.VG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; r-pa!red. bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. SOS Fourth St. ;
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly !
Call. '.< pares, sent to any address in. th«
United States or Canada one year for 11.
postage paid.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD FELLOWS' Cemetery" Association^The
annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY.
September 25. 1593. at 2 p. m. at the office of
the association. Point Lobos aye., far the
election of Trustees, eta By order of the 1
Trustees. . GEORGE T. HEN Pres.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
EPF.CIAL notice— Notice is hereby given that I
the transfer books of THE BANK OF CALI- '
FORNIA will be closed on SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 30. 1559. at no^n. and will reopen on
MONDAY. October I<s. 1839. upon which latter
date certificates for new shares will be ready
for delivery. By order of the Board of Dlree- '
■ tora. ALLEN M. 'I. at Secretary.
: »!— Colchester' 1 English* Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; gafe. reliable; take no
other; send *c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drug- ■
glsta. Ch'.chester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa. ;
MRP. DR. HOPKINS, 935 Marfeet st. , office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism. :
BAD tenants eject-! for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION 1
CO.. 413 Montgomery *t.. rooms 9-10: tat, 5521).
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1« pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1..
postage rnld.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F SMITH, prop..
72? Mission; goods guaranteed; tel Clay 23.
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713. j
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL. TIIfESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1599.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
: FOR rent— A well-furnished house of ' rooms;
917 Chestnut st.. bet. San Jose and Clinton
•ayes.; short distance from Chestnut-st. sta-
tion; apply mornings.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large-
grounds private. MRS. DR. FTTNKE, 1416 3th.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
| OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rrrrr??7r.Tr?r77rr777 r? hotel •.*?;:?: " rrrrrrTrrrm
JGOOO— Hotel of 30 rooms. in the best paying
country town in the State: large lot; easy
I terms. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
I FOR rent with board in private family, a large
handsomely furnished room, with furnace
heat; 2 blocks from ears. Address A. W.,
Oil! ofn>e, Oakland.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
! AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, th«
! -furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i J .,^^ J^.. , Jl^. ri _-_-.„„.„-... 
I $10 CASH, $5 monthly till paid, for a fine
I chicken run, 50x256 feet: price all told. $130;
Al soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of good water: 3 buildings now going up;
electric cars and Brand boulevard near by;
not far from a fine school house: Westall
Tract, Fruit vale, adjoining East Oakland.
i Call or send for circular, 435 Seventh St.. near
corner Broadway. Oakland: H. Z. Jcne^,
owner; carriage free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 iSOc per
' share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
> company. 327 Market St., on and after Mon-
! day, October 2. 1599. Transfer books will close
! on Tuesday. September 2<5. 1539, at 3 o'clock
| p. m . " E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
! Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
I United States, postpaid, for $1 p-*r year.
~~ PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building, San Francisco, Cal., September 12,
Ig99 — Sealed proposals for erecting double
i draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end
i piers therefor, across tidal canal at Fruitvale
• aye.. near Alameda. '-'a.., will be received
here until 12 o'clock nocn. November 14. 1:99.
Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
]yiASBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Lecnhard Hater and Emma Wlnzenmeyer.29-23
Gleusseppe Auletta and Hllka Schurring. ..25-15
I John ? Batchelder and Lorena L. Fisher.. 3S-24
• Morris Ketelson and Louise V Campbell.. 24-22
! Robert E. Wade and Alice E. Lawson 0-fl
i William C. Farrenkopf and Ertelle Beebe.23-13
I John L. Geary Jr. and M. Alice Mackall. . . 3l-2«
Bernard L^avy and Ellen McMahon 29-23
Peter Becker and Sally Griffin 2*-19
Charles L. Parks and Teresa G. Maguire.... 23-21
John Cooney and Mary E. O'Hara 30-23
: BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of '■ publication office* and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
\LT— In this city, August 2S. 1599, to the
wife of R. H. Healy. a (laughter.
MoLINTOCK— In Oak:-; September 18. 1533.
to the wife of L. W. McLintock. a daughter.
MITCHELL— this city. September 20, 1393.
| to the wife of J. C. Mitchell, a son.
! RICHARDSON— In this city. August 23, 1359, to
I the wife of T. T. Richardson, a daughter.
! SMITH— In Oakland. September 16, 1*99, to the
1 wire of C. C. Smith, a son.
WARSHAUER— In this city, September 19,
IS!>9. to the wife of Mai Warshauer. a son.
MABBIED.
ARNDT-XRIEGEL-In this city, September
17 1599 by the Rev. William Brandes of Ala-
I meda. 'j. Friedertch Arndt and Clara Eda
| Kr;-. both of San Francisco.
MABEE— 7JMJNEE3— In this city, September
i 17 1599 by John a. B. Wilson, D.D., at 522
' Polk street. John J. D. Mabee of Petaluma
an i Mary E. Ziminees of San Diego.
NOUNAN— MURPHY— In this city. September
20, 1539. at the home of th- groom's parents.
by the Rev. R. W. Reynolds, Edward P.
Nounan of this city, and Miss Mildred a.
Murphy of Caltstoga, Cal.
PETERSON— COMPART— In this city. Septein-
' bT 1». 1899, by John .V. B. Wilson. D.D., at
parsonage of Howard M. E. Church, Captain
Luran Peterson tad Minnie A. Compart, both
Of San Francisco.
ROSS— McDONALD— In this city. September 19.
1599, by John A. B. Wilson. D.D.. at S Haw-
thorne street. W. M. Robs and Rachel Mc-
Donald, both of San Francisco.
SEGELKE— BIERMAN— In this city, Septem-
ber 19. 1599. by the Rev. Paul Brar.ke, John
1 B. Seg« li and Mrs. Charlotte I man.
died;
Atherton, Jane S. Enos. Florence L.
Brown. Mary A. Eiben, Dorathea A.
Bauerle, J hi Bawjr, Marie
Burns, Myra Jacobl, Horace G.
Buckley. Ellen Keady. Margaret T.
Buttman, Eva Little. John T.
Brarens, Mabel Loeeide. Frederick,
Ccchrane, Joseph Ltndsay. Charles
Cohn, Jake M 1 cm ala, Mamie
Chaaney, Teresa Pooley. Suzette M.
Carroll. Miss Mary Schnoor, Annie
De la Montanya, Jaa. Simpson, Thomas
Duggan, Theresa Tiaffay. Elisa
Walsh. Jamea
ATHERTON— In this city. September 19, 1839,
Jane Selby, -.v.tut of Faxon Dean Atherton of
Menlo Park, and youngest daughter of Hen-
rietta I. and the late Thomas H. Selby.
(£7 Funeral services will take place this
day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at 2113 Bu-
chanan street. Interment private.
BROWN— In this city. September 13. 1850. Mary
An.-. beloved wife of Byron Brown, a native
of England, aged 41 years and 8 months, (San ,
Jose, '..'a!., papers please copy.)
(ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at - o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. MI Minnie street. Interment Laurel :
Hill Cemetery.
BAUERLE— In Oakland. September 20. 1599.
John, beloved son of A. N. and Minnie
Bauerle, and grandson of the late Louise
Bauerle. aged 5 months.
BURNS— In this city, September 20, 1599, Myra
Burns, *a native of California, aged 73 years.
BUCKLEY— In this city, September 20, 1599,
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Timothy Buck-
ley, and sister of Mrs. Timothy O'Keefe and
Cornelius Donovan, a native of New Market,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years. :
(CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully tnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. O'Keefe. 1831 Mission street,
thence to St. Charles Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 3:30 o'clock. ;
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUTTMAN— In the City and County Hospital. !
September 20, 1599, Eva Buttman, a native of
Illinois, aged 32 years.
BRARENS— In this city. September 30, 1599.
■ Mabel, dearly beloved daughter of Anna and i
the late Henry Brarens. and sister of Hattl«,
Harry, Ella and Arthur Brarens, a. native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years and 6 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
("Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the. residence of I
her mother, KM Seventeenth street, near '
Church. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'HRAN 5 :— In the City and County Hospi- ;
tal September 20. ISS9. Joseph Cochrane, a
native of California, aged 43 years.
COBS— In this city. September 20, 1839, Jake,
beloved twin son of Abraham and Carolina
B. Cohn. aged 8 years 4 months and 6 days.
CHESNEY— In this city, September 18, 1899. •
Teresa, dearly beloved wife of Andrew Ches-
ney, beloved mother of Raymond Chesney. '
daughter of M. J. and the late Mary FarreF
and sister of Emma A. Farrel, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months and M
days.
CARROLL— In this city, September 20. 1899,
Miss Mary B. Carroll, beloved, sister of Mrs.
A. G. Coagriff. a native of Mallow, County
Cork. Ireland.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
DE LA MONTANYA— In this city, September '
IS. 1599. James de la Montanya, a native of
Haverstraw, N. T., aged 80 years 2 months
and 6 days.
C7-The funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at Grace
Church corner of Stockton and California
streets. Interment private, In Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
DUGGAN— In this city. September 19, 1539,
Theresa, beloved wife of James B. Duggan,
mother of Joseph B. Duggan, and sister of
the late Dr. W. E. Reanlon. a native of
Dublin. Ireland, aged 57 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor? to FTanr.agaa & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. .
20 Fifth st-, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
■ ... i
N. F. D»tr.:-:'-- Chas. H. Jacob.
cms jacob CO srsSf H ?i \
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
' ere. 313 Mason street, bet, Geary "4 I
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213. '
fully invltad to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Friday) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. " 829 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where' a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EN' si— Oakland. September 20. is»9. .Flor-
i ence L. beloved daughter of Henry and Car-
rie Enos. a native of . Oakland, aged 1 year
and 6 months.
EIBEN— In this city, September 20, 1899, Dora-
thea A., dearly beloved wife of Henry J.
i Eiben, and mother of Henry Jr.. Caroline and
■ Theodore Eiben. a native of Heide, Hoistein,
Germany, aged 53 years 10 months and 5 days.
HL'SSEY— In thai city, September 13, 1539. Ma-
rie, relict of Henry J. Hussey. and mother of
Robert E. Hussey, a native of Ireland.
E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 3742 Twentieth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem ma.as will be celebrated for the repose
ef her commencing a: 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery- Please omit flow-
j ers.
JACOBI— In San Rafael, September 20. 1599.
Horace G. beloved son of Jacob J. and Edith
Jacobi, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and S months.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets. Interment Home of Peace
i Cemetery-
■ KEADY— In this city, September 19, 1539, Mar-
garet T., only daughter of Mary and the late
' John J. Keady. a native of San Francisco.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Thursday) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
! dence 1213 Mission street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
-1 quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
■ LITTLE— In this city, September 20. 1559, John
T. son of Etta and the late George D. Little,
. a native of San Francisco.
LOHEIDE— In this city. September 20. 1539,
Frederick TV dearly beloved husband of Isa-
-1 bella Loheide. and father of Mrs. R. Jentzsch
and Max H. Lcheide, a native of Wlnden.
Westphalia, Germany, aged 86 years 3 months
and 5 days. A member of Veretn Eintracht.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday* at 2 o'clock, from hie late residence,
1 743 O Far. — I between Hyde and Lar-
I kin. Interment Cypres3 Lawn Cemetery.
I LINDS VY— this city, September 17. 1539.
Charles Lindsay, a native of Sweden, aged
17 years.
McDONALD— In Bakersfield, Cal.. September
19 IBH Mamie, beloved wife of Warren Mc-
Donald, and daughter of Mary and the late
Jeremiah Harrington, and" sister of Jam«
and Annie Harrington, a native of Hoboken,
New Jersey, aged 25 years and 8* months.
O-Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■ Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
! of her mother. 2>i3 Tehama street, thence to
! St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
i will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
! ■ commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
| Crcsa Cemetery.
POOLEY— In this city. September 13, 1533,
Suzette M. Pooley. beloved daughter of John
and Anna : ■ ley, and sister of John, Anna
I and Virginia Pooley, a native of Virginia
} City, Nev.
BTTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, !bui the resldencs,
I 41S SuttT street, thence to -• Mary's (Paul-
lst) Church, where a solemn requiem ma3S
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
! commencing at 3:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
j Cross Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
! SCHNOOR— In this city. September 20, 1599. An-
i nic, beloved wife of Christian H. Schnoor,
i and sister ■'. Mrs. P. Kaney, Mrs. Delia
i Kaney and Patrick McDonough, "- native of
| Clifton. County Galway.. Jreland, aged 47
■ years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at I o'clock, from her late residence,
! 426 Shotwell street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I SIMPSON— In the City and County Hospital,
I September 20, 1539, Thomas Slmpeon. a native
of Scotland, aged =' years.
TIAFFAY— Ln this city, September tt>. 1339,
Elisa Tiaffay. beloved mother of Leopold
Welnant. a native of Fran.-- aged 52 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the par. of
Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
WALSH— In this city. September 20. 1539.
James, beloved husband of the late Ellen
: •Walsh, and father of John and Richard
Waish. a native of County Cork, Ireland.
! Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-mflrrow
I (Friday), at 5:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
: the United Undertakers. •„'" and -• Fifth
I street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at '} o'clock. Interment
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cornelia J. Fringle (widow) to Calvin F.
Knickerbocker, lot on X line of Pacific street,
72:S W of Broderlck, W 20 by X 127:S>;; $10.
Lucius L. and Helen F. Solomons to James
Burke, lot on >"■' lin# of Lombard and Brod
erick streets, W 32 rS by X :*>; Jit).
Pacific Improvement Company (corporation)
to United States Laundry Association (corpo
ration), lot commencing 140 S of Fifteenth
and 137:6 W of Valencia, X 34. W to
Albion avenue, S 2, E to point S 32. E to com
mencement; 110.
Edward and Annie Bros to William Lohse,
lot on E line of Alabama street, l'H X of
■ Twenty-nm. X 25 by E 100; $10.
Frederick Boe*e and O. .' ■. Baldwin, trus
tees under 1744 d 191. made June S.
1537. by Henry and Rebecca Rothschild, to
Thomas W. and Chris C. Rivers, lot on S
llae of Twenty-sixth street, 100 E of Mission,
E 43.6 by S 100; $10.
Pavingß and Loan Society to Edward L
Walsh, lot on X line of Twenty-seventh street,
24.') E of- Church, E 25 by X 114; $1650.
Jonathan and Anna Anderson to Thomas
Chaffer, lot on X line of Day street, 130 W
of Sanche:. W a by it 114: $10.
J., Bertha 'i . J. and Harriet Welssbein (by
O?car Herman, attorney* to Mainrie McCarthy,
lot on X line of Twenty-third street, 273 W
of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W 23 by X 111.
lot 173, Heyman Tract; $10.
Oxen O. Heydenfeldt to Elizabeth A. Hey
denfeldt, lot on X line of Jack.«on street, 50
W of Drumn, W 40 by X 120; also lot on SE
comer jot Howard and Eighth streets, SB 137
by SW 137 :ti; also lot on SE corner of North
Point and Stockton streets, I 137:4 by E 275:
also lot on X line of Post street. II!) W of Lar
kin. W 67 :« by x 120; al»<; ail Interest in
estate of Solomon Heydenfeldt, No. 10,137, trust
deed; SI.
Edward B. and Sarah C. Pond to Frederick
-r..ius~n, lot on NW line of Harrison
street, 50 KB of Essex, NE 57 by .V 100;
$3162.
Michael Man - - to Garr^tt and Cathe Morl
arty lot on XE line of Lanarton- street, 80 XW
of Folsom, XW 2 by XE M); $10.
William Carroll to Mary Carroll, let on E
line of FlorLla street, 100 X of Butte, X 42
by E 100; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Anna May Mel
luish, lot on I line of Twelfth avenue, 200
X of A street. X 2.') by E 120; $10.
Helena J. W. Stevens to Patrick McGoldrlck.
lot on E line of Boyce street, 150 s of Geary S
25 by E 120; $10.
Eugene de Freville to Henry E. and Johanna
Shields lot on W line of ■ och street, 80 S of
McAllister. S 77 :« by W 27:6: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Marks, Ir>t on J line of O'Farrelt street. 173 B
of Lacuna, E 25 by BJM; $— .
William J. McKw to Jane F. Millsap. lot on
W line of Ashbury street, 130 M of Fell, M 25
by W 1C6:3; gift.
Alameda County. : ;.
James McManu3 to William Phillies, lot on
E line of Linden street, SO X from center line
at Grant street. X 50 by E 100, being portion of
lot 1. on Map of portion of Mllltken property.
Oakland; $10.
John and Sophia W. Owens to Samuel E. j
Knowles, beginning at a point on line- dividing
lots 1 to 4 from lot 3 5 to 8, block 4, Enclnal
Tract Xo. 3, distant 75 W from W line of. Chest
nut street. W 50 by S 50, being portion of lots
6 and 7. block 4, Enctnal Tract, map 3, Ala- |
meda: $10.
Elizabeth J. Frawley to George Frawley, lot
on X line of Spring: street, 352 E of Adeline.
E 50 by X 106, being lots 96 and 97, Klmball
Tract. Oakland: $10.
David N. and Prlsctlla S. Mitchell to Augusta
E. Bean, lot on X line of Watton «treet, 350
E of Grove, E 37:6 by X 120. Oakland; $10.
Brooklyn Investment and Loan Association
to Ernest and Katharine Rehor, lot on SE line
of Twenty-third avenue. 77:6 SW of East Twen
ty-second street. SW 27:S by SE US:9W, being
portion of lots 1 and 2, block G. subdivision 50,
Associates Tract. East Oakland; $045.
Thomas E. and Etta N. Haven to Acyusta E.
Bean, lot on SW line of East Twenty -fourth
street, 152 :<5 XW of Twenty-first avenue, NW
50 by SW 140. ■ '-.£ lots 20 and 21. block M,
Map of Xortnern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland: $500.
Ida MeQuesten to L. X. McQuesten, lot on E
line of Adeline street. 30 S ot Fortieth stnH»t
or Evoy avenue, 3 30 by E 10), being portion of
lot 20. on Map of H. C. Dohr's Homestead, Oak
land Township; $10.
J. F. and Sarah J. Crocs to A. and Johanna
U. Spar-man, lot 21. block B, Gasklll Tract,
Oakland: $10. -^
Venllla R. Parker to John Black. lot on X
line of Twenty-fourth street. 190 E of San Pablo
avenue, I! 83. X 100, W 15. X 25, W 50. S 125 to
bogirminfr. being lot 23 and portion of lots S and
22, block X, Kelsey Tract, Oaxrand- $W.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
V R. Parker, lot on W line Locksley avenue
248 B of Clifton street, 5 SO by W 100, being the
S 35-foot lot 13 and X 15-foot lot 80. Locksley
•quart. Oakland: $10. . .
John and A«rnes Black to Ella L. and Mar
garet M. Bullock, lot on SE line of Fourth ave
nue, 65 XE of East Eighth street, XE 50 by SE
110, betas lots 4 and 5, block 4, Clinton, East
Oakland; $10.
Bernard Rannom* and Julius -A. Crist to D. I
Edward Collins and Frank H. Brooks, lot on I
S corner of Twenty-sixth avenue and right of I
way of Southern Pacific Railroad Company, SE '
100 by SW 50.' beinr lots 1 and 2. ■ block G '
Knowles i Potter Subdivision . of Kennedy I
Tract. East Oakland; $10. " . -, •
John Pennycook to Anna M. Pennyoook, lot
26, block F. Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
William F. Whiuler to Charles H. Mackln
tonh. lot beginning at a point marked by a
stake on SE line ot Bay avenue. £0 SW from
Intersection of said avenue with center line of
Central Pacific Railroad Company's track,
thence SW 300. SE 300. XE 300. XW Soi) to be- |
ginning; also beginning at most E corner point i
of land of Shearer, th-ence SW 523:4, SE 353:6, j
XE 453:5, XW 3SO to beginning: also personal
property on said laud, Brooklyn Township;
$17,250.
Clarence D. and Grace L. Vincent to Thomas
D. Prout. lot on. W line of Frultvale avenue,
125 X of Hopkins street, >' 10 by W 140, being:
portion of lot T, block B, Dimond Tract, Brook
lyn Township; JlO. : _
Harry M. Kebby to Mary C. Kebby, lot on X
line of Eagl« avenue, 54 W of Mulberry street,
W 24 by X 150. Alameda; U-
Metha W. Johnson to Joseph D. Palmer, lot
en SE line of Shuev avenue. 125.T0 SW of Huff
avenue, SW 140 by 8E 150, being portion of lot
S. Map of portion of Shuey Estate, Brooklyn
Township: 110.
Hans A. Thompson to Johanna M. Thompson,
lot on "W line of Park street i. nee widened to
SO feet). 50:2 X of can Jon avenue. X 50:2, «
106 01. S 50, E l->» : to beginning, being portion
of lot 9, block R. lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda; gift. .
Johanna M. Thompson to Laura E. Thomp
»on. lot on W line of Park street (since widened
to SO feet). 30:2 X of dan Joee avenue, X *):-.
W 10S:ll, S 50. E 104:6 to beginning-, • being por
tion of lot 9, block R. same, Alameda; also lot
13. block A, lands of Oakland View Homestead
Association, Oakland; $10.
H. A. and Johanna M. Thompson, to same,
lot on E line of Bay street. 100 S of Eagle ave
nue, E 125 by S 50. being lots 13 ad 14. block B,
Taylor and Page Tract, Alameda; $10.
John and Adele Bhend to Joseph Sasselll. all
interest in lot beginning at a point 100 feet from
XE corner of Page and Second streets, N 30 by
E 133. being lot 2«. Mock 32. Tract — , Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley: $1.
Hannah and J. M. Lopez to Charles P.
Rooocy. lot 1, block B. Rooney Tract. Berke
ley: 1500.
George W. Austin to Albert Raullno, lot 10.
block 23. resubdivision of Smith's subdivision
of Matthews Tract, Berkeley; no.
James W. Walsh to Martin Walsh, lot on XE
line of San I>?andro road with E line of Loretz
av?nue. X 124.63. E 25, £ 116. 5.". TV 26.235. to be
ginning, being portion of lot 1 on Map of re
subdivision of Hogan's resubdivision of lots 22.
23 and 24, Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: gift
Mary K. and Martin J. Tiemey to same, lot?
2. 4 and 5, Turnbull Tract, being a subdivision
of a portion of lot T, Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn
Township; gift.
Emma E. and G. W. Fleming to Encinal
Building and Loan Association, lot on X line
of Eagle avenue. 95:8 E of Grand street. E
37:6 by X 100, block 56. map of property in
vicinity of Encinal Station owned by Columbus
Bartl^tt, Alameda; $30.
H. H. Pitcher to Annie O. Pitcher, lot on
XW corner of Morton street and Pacific avenue.
>; 150 by W 50. be-In* lots 11 and 12 and the E
s') feet of lot 13, block A. map of 144 lots in
Pikee Tract. Alameda; gift.
B. C. Hutchlnson to J. B. Purs», lot on E
line of Myrtle street, 98 :U* 8 of Twenty-first.
- 50 by. E 125, being lots 28 and 39, map of
subdivision of Wall Tract, Oakland; 110.
Michael Callahan (executor of the estate of
Michael Sullivan) to E. J. Flanigan. lots 9
and 10, block 15, San Antonio, East Oakland:
$1560. •
Rosina Holawick to Auguste Warren" lot on
XE line of East Tenth street. 30 SE of Twenty
sixth avenue. XE 66.67 by SE 43, East Oakland;
gift.
Melinda A. Keese to Julia Keese Duff, lot
on E line of Bowditch street. 130 X of Dwight
way. X 120 by E 150, being a portion of lot 1,
block 8. College Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
George H. and P. L. Pretortous to Conrad
Scheerer. lot 22. block 69, map of subdivision
Xo. ! at Park place, Brooklyn Township (quit
claim deed); $125. -
Builders' Contracts.
William Henry and Baste Hindi** fawners)
with B. K. Albertson (contractor and archi
tect) — All work except furnishing the mantels
for a one-story and basement cottage on E line
of Cook street. 173 S of Point Loboa avenue, 3
23 by E 120; J1323.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
D C McClellacd. C 8 AlDr Moesman. X V
i J D Hand, Mobile '•■■'. ■ i-. X T
Mrs Hand. Mobile R B Dixon, Boston
O L Spauldlng Jr. C D B Moore. Wash
; S A M Schwedusky. X T
! R O Rickard. USA Dr A F Buchanan. 11l
I F L Case, USA ;1I Story. Boston
H M Merriman. U S A Mrs Story. Boston
jDr J E Shepherd, U Mrs W P Lad.l. Boston
9 X ' |Dr P C-llddon. Boston
IV M Atkinson, C S X Mrs GUddon. Boston
; F Differ. Los An? IF H Short, Fresno
j J J DrtscoU, NT iE N'ordman. Vallejo
. Mrs Drtacoll, X V }E Goodman, X V
H X Dorr, Boato-n :Mrs Goodman. X V
0 B Mltcham. '' S A'J Garwood. Stockton
J 0 Whlttaker, I!! I Mrs Klrumhauer, Ger-
T W Waterman. Denvr; many
Mrs Waterman. Denvr.T J Klrhin, X T
i R A Pearson. VTneh Ueo Clover. X V
!1 E Rlckarda. Butt« IW G Cooke. Honolulu
: H C Rlekards, Butte [Mrs Cook», Honolulu
i B E Calkina. itta L W Winslow. Wis
G A Loweir, Chtco C P Bra.*lan. San Jose
1 T T Courtney, Butte pTV Mr: He. Watsonvlle
j (5 D Elderkin. Butte ;W Ziervosel. Germany
I Rev G Henderson,';"; L Sran, Germany
Scotland M Hecket. rdmany
D Paulln, Scotland ,C VI Loomis. USX
GRAND HOTEL.
1 Wolbrecht, USA G W Kimboll. Ogden
E Coffeen. USA J Portei Fresno
W Allen. San Mateo J F Dearth. Bakerafield
I L R Pou-dstone, Cal E X Koos>er, Somerset
A P Wi<th. USA R F Lytle. Wash
■• C A Bwtaler, Placervl J Lytle. Wash
! G W Small. Salt Lake C J George. Los Ang
i W Sims, Sacto EG Anderson. X V
|C 0 Thomas, US A iH F Luckett. Pittsburg
J S Sanderson. Colusa P. .T Hartman. Durango
1H J Tint. New York E L Campe.. X V
B H Grisrsby. Seattle G G Reid Georgia.
I B Russell. Pla<-. -• - J M Wilbur & w 111
. H W Pent! and. Ariz G D Flske, Woodland
! A J Hart. San Jose M Ensiirn. New Tork
G M Pock. Stockton H Grutman & w. Utah
W H Winters. Butte M F Keavey, Cal
Col J F Flrch, Butte |L Batchelder & w. Cal
F Doyle. Anaconda Kin - Poundstone. Cal
5 Sullivan & w. MontJ M Morley, aHywarda
I Mrs M D Glidden, CaM B La Rue, Placerville
[ Mrs Williams, Cal - C Bailey & it Cal
0 D Cummlngs. Alaak J F Martin, lowa
f H Daly & w. Anaconda H P Msrrtl, Arizona
Dr M R .--km.-iri. Mont W H Bayer. St Louis
R R Lowe. Dawson W G Cantalay. Sn Raf
H B Johnson, Xeb jW Poland. Sta Cruz
J H Beggs, Denver iCapt A B Conner, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.'
c A Sohay. Mich IE Small. Idaho
A M Gillen. Mich JR Roberts. San Simeon
' A Romlng. Mich jJ H Richardson. Cal
■ F Etrlan.i. Sacramento 3 Irwin. Colfax
j W B Johnston. X York : - A Smith, Sacto
I S Taylor & w, X B WH D Hammond, Cal
j W B Wilhelm. Mo J Maloney. Rlver«tde
j A. W Fellow*. Mich : Mrs McLaughlin. L A
j J J Gard. Kelseyvtlle !H O Barrett. Modesto
IR C Bliven &w. Cal iJ J Fleming, Maryavlle
j VV Ferguson. Cal i
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. September 2 1
Strar Coqullle River, Thonjpscu._ •■• ho^r? frm
Ver.tura.
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, 21 days from
Xaknek Bay.
£chr Guide. Olsen. 6 days --m Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida Schnauer. Sorenson, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September 20.
Btmr Xatlonal City. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
TRAXS-ATLAXTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Majestic,
from Liverpool via Queeastown.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
PMMinflSf S. S. Marlposa sails
f3 ft *»-%!■£ via Honolulu and
I* C*^"* ™ Auckland for Sydney
a - — w Wednesday. October
C^^ V A 4 at 10 p. m.
SjWmSliin-J The S. S. Australia
CylCfllllJIII(; alls for Honolulu
fOnlRJii7U-» Wednesday, October
\Wliipj|U!r is, at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New 7."\land. Australia, India, Suex.
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
I D. SPSECKELS & 3R05.C0.. Agts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
AMERICAN LINE.
tTEW TOM. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PASIS.
: Stopping at Cherboorg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul ...... ..Sept. 27jSt. Paul Oct. 1?
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. lit St. Louis Nov. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Nordland ...Sept. 27: We«ternland — Oct. 18
Frlei»land Oct. 4! Kenstngton ... Oct. 25 :
Southward ......Oct. lljNordland Nov. 1
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Davvson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, i p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), NagaaaJci and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on Cay
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Friday. October 6
HOXGKOXG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., cor. First. ■
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COKPAQNIE GENESALE TBANBATLANTIQPI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, -f^Qfn-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <ti£Fri>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •^>&m m
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA
NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct. II; LA BRETAGNE,
Oct. *%. - First -class to Havre. $»S0 and up-
ward: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL. AGENCY FOR
UNITF.D STATES. AND CANADA, 33 Broad-
way (Hudson. building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31at day of Decemb«r,
; A. D IS9B, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections Sia and 811 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash gOO. (WO 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company 1833.971 17
Loans on Bonds and Mortagagres 2,034,139 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.563.131 23
; Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral...... 141.550 00
Cash in Company's Office 11.36< 83
Cash in Banks 153,007 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 20,154 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 65.872 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 681.403 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marina Risks
Rents due and accrued "t j33 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on leases already paid... 20,073 74
Total Assets ..H.4.io,sq 38
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid J129.555 13
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 123.81* Jl
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 38,410 33
Groes premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning one year or less, 51, 792, 988 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent 5M.434 33
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J2.033,-
-1 150 09; reinsurance pro rata I.US.OM 17
, Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, i ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. I ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Amount r*c!aimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance poli-
cies 1.543,313 73
All other demands against the Com-
I pany 301.271 39
Total Liabilities _ ..t4.5g5.917 _.
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 12.522.173 33
Perpetual deposits received 51.704 S3
Recetvad for interest on Bends and
Mortgages 130,300 28
, Received for interest and dividends
' on Bends, Stocks, Loans and from
I all other sources 136.0« l 42
Received for Rents «,«7 94
Received from all other sources 17.748 33
Total Income $2,?63.«2S ■
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J212.75« 68, losses of pre-
vious years) 11.533,541 25
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including J , losses of pre-
vious years) -■•
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 552,589 14
Pa: for Salaries. Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 264.198 73
Paid for State. National and local
taxes ■ 81,003 04
All other payments and exp*ndltures 150.637 16
Total Expenditures ..S2.SU.9<i3 32
—
Fire.
LoP!«es incurred iTarta*; the - - $1,391,397 43
'■ Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
writ- during the
year »23<>,589,«2S $3,353,694 04
Net amount of Risks-
expired during the
j year 311.5H3.977 3,230,287 33
Net amount in force
December 31. 1838.... 355.2C5.C85 3.532.133 S4
~~ E. C. IRVIN. President.
BEXJ. F. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and swprn to before me this 23d
day of January. UM.
THOMAS B. PROSSER, Notary Public
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT.
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
Manager S. F. Department.
219 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I ijt,. Steamers leave Broadway
i Sgfcl—,^ wharf. ?an Frar."lsco.
' MJnß^^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
"viP^teScaSk September 13. 23, 28. October
: ■ aVatt^Ki *• change at Seattle.
I Baß^l £"<■■■■■ Victoria. Vancouver
f m*Wa^aKi fB - '-■'■ Port Towasend. Se-
' .^^^^^_H__K attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
j cortes and New Whatcora
{■Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
li. 23. 28. October S. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
' to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. ; at Ticoma to N. P. Ry. . at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 18, 21, 26, October 1, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
'■ Cameos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles} and
Newport. 9 a. m., BeotmifcSf it. 21. ■ 29, Oc-
S tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
I Lea Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
! m.. Seotember 15. 19. 23. 27. October 1, and
I every fourth day thereafter.
For Ens^nada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
: Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La. Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Ma), 19 a. m., 7*h of each
1 month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and h^'ir? 1 nf sntl!n?.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gem. Agts.,
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
_ — _ . ,
THE 9. R. & R. 00.
f DISPATCH FAST 6TEJ!__nCRB TO "
:PO3R.TI J .A.2SriD
, From >-.- 1 r- ='--•■■- Wharf at 10 a. m.
FIDC $12 First Cl««« Including Bert!
rflflL $8 Second Cl«»-i and MeaiA,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5, 15, 25; Oct. 5. 15, 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20. 30; Oct. 10, JO, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
' Through tickets to all po'.nts East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
130 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.,
Snr>erintend<»nts.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
~FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MootJcallo."
MOX.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
: days, 1 p. m. and 1:38; Sundays, 10:30 a. ra.. 3
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
; FARE 1 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
i _____
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Biiiiiiti Parry-
Commencing September L 1399.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. ra.;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. "«:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For MUI Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:GO acd 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '3:OO. *9:00, *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m. 1:00, «1:4.-. *3:30. *4:00. 5:30. 8:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
. Trains marked «•) run to San Quentin.
FRC\M SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »S:4O, 7:55, 8:40, »10:»
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. «3:«. 4:33, 5:15 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
: and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 .-00. /•3:00. •9:43. 10:45. «ll:4S
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20, «3: 30, 'o:^. »«:CO. 7:00, 10:15
p. m. .
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentin -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— G:43, 6:50, 7:55, 8:53. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35, 2:46. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p m.
- THROUGH TRAINS.
7:10 a. m-"week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S:2O p. m. Saturdays — and war »ta*-ns.
8:0u a. m. Sundays — Cazadero apd way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt- Reyes and way sta'na. ;
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
WIIHMH PACIFIC CO3n*A3TX*.
(PACIJIC STSTSK.)
tntu !••»▼« »m<l »r» due to arrive at
SA3II FIIAJICiWO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
taAva — FaoM Acotreri 1:39. — akbjt»
T:OO x Beoida, . = ui.-r:= and Sacramento. . . . 3:4.1*
itQO/k. Marysvilla, OrorEle and Eadding »f»
Woodland Ss43?
7iO«a Elmira, VacarUle and Euaiaer 8:30*
. 7iS«_. Martinez, Saa Kansoa. Valiejo, Napa,
CalißtoaaandSan'-a Ecsa 6t13»
a>«O* Atlantic KxpreM, OgUeo and East.. 9:13 a
•«S4»a Sau Joae, Lrrermore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Flacerrille,
MarysTUle. Chico, Red Biuff 4ilS*
o: 3* a 'Milton, Oakdaleand toccn. 4:13p
B:3Oa Yoeemite Valley Tta Oaiuale and
<Jhine«e 4il9p
•:OOa Harwaria, Nilea and Way Station*. I!s43a
• :4H)a Martinez, Tracy, Lithrop. Stockton,
Blereed and Fresno 1»«1Sf
•■••a Freatio, Bakersaald Banta Barbara,
Los Angeles, Deming: El Fuo,
New Orleans and East 6HSp
l*t««A VaUejo. Martine* a::d Way Station* ?:43r
1 1 i«4»a Harwards. Nile* and W,y Stations. 13?
iaa4H>_i Nile*, LiTencora. Stockton, Sacra-
meato, Mendota, Hanford, Vl*a'i*,
Pcrterrtlle 4:I9»
•liOOp Sacramento Itirer Steamer* *Bioop
•iO«r Hiyw*rd». Nilt* and Way Station*. 5:43?
«iV<*p Martinez, San lUmou, Vallejo.
Napa, OklWoca. Saatani>*a 8«13a
4i««r Benicia, VacariUe. Sacriuienta,
Woodland, Knishta Lau-Ud«,
MaryjnUla. Oro»ul« l<h4»A
«tt3»pT7Ces.eao Jose and Stockton - 7:13p
4:30p Yoseisit«Sieepisg Car for Raymond I*:l3f
a<*4li>The OwL Tracy, Fresno. S&kecs-
fleld, Saacua (or Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. *t43A
SißOr Ptockton. Merced, Fresno I»il3*
B:3Op Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mcjara r.nd l.oa ADgeles •r4Sa
0«3Or Santa Fa Route, Atlaatia Kxprea*
forMojaTa aud East 8:43*
•s««r FnndacoSpecial,Ogden
and Lo»t *;-Tot
«5:#O? Haywarda. Nile* acd San Jcae.,.,.. 7:43 a
•<S«OOpViUejo ia:iBl-
t7s««p Valiejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions.. t»^3p
ot«*r Orecou Kzi<ress,.Sa<:raSento, Maijs-
tilie, Redding. Portlaud, Fugek
«o«nd an.lKast ««134
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gaag^).
(Foot of Market Street.) —
JTi4JtA Santa Cruz Eicursion for Santa
Cnu and Principal Way Station* J»s»3»
•iIS a Newark. CenterTU!o..S*a Jose, Felton,
Boulder Cruz and Waj
SUtiona Si 3»»
4Bil*P Newark, Centerrille, San Jcae, New
A\™?j\an Feiton, Boulder Creek,
gaata Cnu and Principal Way
Stations •I#i3#a
4Ul*r San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. •!*•*
M'l*v'eltoa. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tion» /»«««__
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSli mSCISCO— Jjot a' Itirztt Strut i.;i I)—
•7:15 OKW ll:00i.*. |14l "Slfl J3:»
•i.-co tJ:Ofl *s^opja,
fr.mOilUl*— r«sl«r3ra»i»i».— "6.Co 8:00 10:00l.lt.
>13:C3 *i:e: t:.:s -3::: t»:C3 •s.-o.ii.
" COAST DITISIOS (Broad Gauge). "
(Third and Town3end Sta.)
"•««I«A Ocean View. South San Fracci.--- •fl:3«»
*7iOOa San Jose and Way Station* {.Keir
Aimadeu Wednesdays only) *8i««A
|7tSOA Sunday Excursion (rr Sac:* Cruz,
Padno GroTs and Principal Way
Station* :»i»3»
•■••a Sao Jose. Trea Plnoa, Santa Cniz,
PaciUo Grote. Pa»o Rubles, Ban
Luis O . ,di .\ Surf. Lompoc and
Priucfral «'r fii.itlon* 4il«p
!•:*.•_ Fan Jose and Way Stations 6:33 a
|li3Va Ban J.-ae and Way 6tatioug l'JOr
*8:43r San Mateo. Iledwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .!> ae.
Hollister. Snuca C'niz. Salinat,
Monterey a:-.d Pict:;o Grore # l0:3«>4
a Si3vp San Jose. Santa Cruz. Paciflo Oror«
aad Principal Way Station* *7i3©p
•4:lSp Saa Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
*3:04)p San Jose and Principal Way Stations **:33a
St3op San Jose aad Principal Way Stations 'Ohio a
6::tOF San Joaoaiil Way Station* 5:::0p
1 1 1 : 1 • > r San Jog.? and Way Statiuca t?::t«)p
A for Moraine. I* or Afternoon. "
• Sunday ezeepteil. I Son Cay only. t S;ir.iir!«y oc!y.
bßatQrday and Snnday /Socdar and Monday.
i — ■ ■
| CALIFORNIA NORIWESTERN 81. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:CO, 11:00 a. xa.; 12:»»
*:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Tnursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I.M
and 11:30 p. m.
■UNDAY3— B :OO, 3:20, 11:00 a, ra.: I.JO. J JO.
! 6:00, 6M p. m.
6 AX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DAYS— i 10. 7:50, 3:20. 11:10 a. xn. : 12:«.
3:40, 6: IS p. ra. Saturdiya— Extra trip« at
1:33 and 6.3£ p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 3:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. S.-W. 5.-05,
«:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
II"* schedule as above.
LeaTe i ArrtTs
: Ban Francisco. | la Effect San Franc! sea.
■ m 1 1 April li, 1 .
: Week Sun- 1339. Sun- , Wee It
IXvy*. days. Deetir.j_tion. ' days. , Days.
T 'M am. 100 araj Novato, 10:40 arnj »;IQ asa
1 t .30 pmj 9:30 am Pet.i •.. «:06 pmilo:23 a=»
; *.1« pm 8:00 pra, Santa. Ki^ea. 7:35 pm (:23 ._.
Fulton.
TJO am Windsor. 10« aa
Heal cis burr.
Lytton, ■
G-»yser»H!e.
1:19 pm 8:00 am Glovenjal*. T:35 pm| 8:10 pnt
' 7:30 amj Hopiand aad ,10.;; aza
2:30 pm 8:00 am, Utiaa. 7.33 pal ' 6:23 p=»
•- 1 j ■' M.
, IJO am, 13: 23 a.T»
1 g :00 am! Gaernerllle. ' T:«S pra
1.3." m <:20 pra
T:2O ara 8.-00 aat' Sonoma '19:49 mm; 8:40 an*
I and I .
1:10 pm S:00 pra! Glen Ellen, j Mi pra] 6:20 pa
f:3O an 1:00 am SebastopoU 10:40 am 19:33 aa>
1:10 pra 5:00 pm 1 7:35 pm| 6:30 prai
Stages connect at Banta Rc«a (be Mark West
j Bprtni?» and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
lor Lytton Springs: at Geyservlll« .or Siajfga
'Springs; at Clovtcdale for the- Geysers j at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprinca, Highland Sprinir*.
Kel»eyrllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lak*-
port and Bartlett Spr+r._rs: at L'lclah for Vichy
prlnf*. Saratoga Spring. Bine Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pino,
Potter Valley. John Day's. P-iv»i-sld«, Lierley*s» !
Bucknell**. Sanhedrin Hei^hta, Hallnilak
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Eprtasa.
Kavarra, Whitesboro, Albton, Little River.
Orr« Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, ITsal. Wlllltta. Laytonv'.:>, Cum*
ding's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to aT. point*
beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket Offices, «?0 Market et.. Chronicle blStv
H. C WHITTNG, R. X. RTAX, •
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAT IX THE TEAR PULLMAN
| PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
( FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET • FERRY AT s:*} P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED 3T ITR.'
'. FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
: EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
j REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
! RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MAXT IN-
j DUCEMENTS AS TEE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, C 3
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1113 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAX JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara «C
THE SIN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ;• V
: From Jan. IS, 1393, trains will run as follows:
• South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed. , Paasen-
ser. i Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
! Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton j 3:45 pmj *:00 pm
9:10 am ; 2:03 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11 3)5 am 7:45 pm Hanfortl 7:45 am 1:45 pa
1:9 pm]l3:Jo am Bakersfleld 2 ■•>, am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pmj 6:53 pm Tuiare 5:50 am] x:O5 m
i Stopping at intermediate points as required, j
For particulars of stage and other connections
j inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
; San Francisco.
MOUNT TA-nALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY,. April 23. 1539.
I WEEK DAYS. 3:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on M:nday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m., Returaiag Sams Even-
ing, arriving la Saa Francisco at 11:2)
'• • p. m.
i SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43. 2:30
and 4 a. vn.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THO3. COOK & SON,* Agt3., 621 Market it
1314
NEW DARK HORSE
TO GIVE MAYOR
PHELAH A RACE
Joseph D. Grant May
Enter the Contest.
A HINT FROM HENRY T. SCOTT
DEMOCRATIC FIGHT FOB. DIS
TRICT ATTORNEY.
R. Porter Ashe Is Gaining Strength
Among the Delegates to
the Democratic Con
vention.
The Republican leaders upon whom the
responsibility devolves of bringing for
ward a flrst-claas, high grade, popular
and progressive candidate for Mayor,
did not hold a session yesterday, and
therefore did not officially proclaim the ,
"dark horse."
Henry T. Scott went to Burlingame last
evening. In response to a message by
telephone ho suggested that Joseph D.
JOSEPH D. GRANT MENTIONED FOR THE MAYORALTY.
RELATIVES TO WELCOME
BOYS OF THE FOURTEENTH
CALIFORNIANS WILL BE GIVEN
A FITTING RECEPTION.
Citizens' Committee Will Help and
Obstacles Will Be O-vercome.
Tribute to North. Dakotas.
An enthusiastic meeting of the rela
tives and friends of the Calif or nians in
the fourteenth Regular Infantry, who
are expected to arrive home on the City
of Para early next week, was hel<l in the
Ellis-street armory last night for the
purpose of receiving the report of the
committee appointed to confer with the
citizens' committee in the matter of pro
viding a fitting welcome to the brave
Eoldier boys. The fact that the report of
this committee was somewhat in the
nature of a disappointment did not for a
moment dampen the enthusiasm, but
served rather to strengthen the deter
mination of the relatives' association to
carry out their cherished plans for a
grand reception.
President John McGeary called the
meeting to order, and after the miutes
of the previous meeting had been read by
the secretary, Miss Philita Mohun,
Chairman J. H. Burson road the report
of the committee, the substance of which
was that while the citizens' committee
was willing and anxious to do every
thing in its power to give the boys a wel
come, there were serious obstacles which
must tirst be overcome. The first ob
stacle was contained in a letter from
General Shafter stating that the Four
teenth would lie landed at Angel Island,
where they would be paid off and brought
to this city 200 or 800 at a time.
The second was the announced declara
tion of the Harbor Commission that the
nave of the ferry building would not he
available for future banquets. The citi
zens' committee, however, promised that
every effort would be made to Induce
General Shafter to permit the landing of
the soldiers in San Francisco in a body,
to Induce the Harbor Commission to
reconsider its decision, and further, to
furnish a tug and a band to meet the
transport as she enterd the harbor.
It was decided to engage a steamer on
which tho relatives could also go out to
m»»e.t the City of Para, and I^s tickets
were 6poken for on the spot.
During the evening the association gave
a warm testimonial of lta appreciation
of the friendship existing between the
North Dakota volun teens, several hun
9red of whom wore present by invitation,
Rnd the California boys in the Fourteenth
Infantry, by adopting the following reso
lution.-?, which were read by J. R. Baird:
Whereas, We, the friends and rela
tives of the volunteers serving in the
Fourteenth Regular Infantry, have as
sembled In duly organized meeting,
and
Whereas, We recognise the many
acts of kindness and of friendship
shown by tho officers and men of the
North Dakota volunteers to the vol
unteers of the Fourteenth Infantry
djjring the Philippine campaign, and,
Whereas, We feel that it is our duty,
in the absence of our boys, to thank
the officers and men of the North Da
kota volunteers; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the North Dakota
volunteers have our heartfelt thanks
and our best wishes that thoy may at
tain the reward of true friends and
brave patriots; and be it further
Resolved, That these resolutions be
spread upon the minutes of this as
sociation and that copies be forwarded
to the North Dakota volunteers and to
the press.
Mr. Baird had hardly resumed his seat
n-hen the North Dakotans rose in a body
tnd cheered the relatives' association
antil the building shook. The latter re
ipomled with a will and then a committee
lonsistlnK of Mrs. Kennedy, Mrs. Walker
Hid Mrs Baird was appointed to go out
10 the Presidio to-day and present copies
If the resolutions to the North Dakota
■egiment. The association then adjourned
|o meet Saturday night In Balboa Hall, In
Iho Native 6ons" building.
Massage— D. Sullivan, 215 Kearny street.
Hours. 4 to 5.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
William Qreen, salesman, San Fran
ilseo, 13332 37, assets none. W. B. Scott,
Paklar.d, JU9S Li, no assets.
Grant's name at tho head of the Re
publican municipal ticket would inspire
the masses of Republican voters with
confidence of victory
Mr Grant now occupies the office of
president of the San Francisco Art Asso
ciation a position once tilled by James D.
Phelan. lie has succeeded Phelan so ad
mirably at the head of the association,
that the line of succession may be ex
tended to the head of the municipal
government. .._-..* •
Mr Grant is a merchant of character.
■He has traveled extensively throughout
the civilized world, and paid especial at
tention to modern methods in the govern
ment of large and progressive cities.
• Mr. Grant has not yet signified a
willingness to surrender the time which
his business affairs demand in order to
accept public service.
The Democratic convention will meet
again next Tuesday evening. The con
test among aspirants for the office of
District Attorney is becoming quite ani
mated. The Iroquois brave* have re
solved that every man who failed to sup
port Bryan for President in 1896 shall be
excluded from the list of the acceptable.
This resolution is regarded as a declara
tion against Charles Wesley Reed.
R. Porter Ashe is gaining strength
among the delegates, and his nomina
tion for District Attorney would be no
surprise. Many delegates believe that he
would win out by reason of his personal
popularity when another candidate might
lose.
The Democratic Municipal Convention,
committee on platform and resolutions
will meet to-night at 8 o'clock at the
headquarters of the Democratic County
Committee.
The Forty-first delegation to the Re
publican convention held a meeting yes
terday at the residence of Sheldon G.
Kellogg, 192S Vallejo street, and indorsed
the following candidates: W. G. Sy'el,
son-in-law or President Kelly of the
liihernia Bank, for Assessor; W. G.
Doane, for Auditor: John Farnham, for
Public Administrator; John l,ackmann,
for Sheriff; G. P. Sanderson, son of ex-
Mayor Sanderson, for Supervisor.
-•-#► -•-♦ ♦<»♦ <»-+-» ♦» ♦ ♦■<$>-»-®
PART BASALT BLOCKS,
THE REST BITUMINIZED
THE PECULIAR CONDITIONS ON
MONTGOMERY STREET.
T. J. Clunie Declines to Act With
Other Property-Owners and the
Result Is a Disfigured.
Pavement.
Considerable curiosity was aroused yes- !
terday afternoon regarding the paving, of ;
the block on Montgomery street, between
Pine and California. It was noticed that
the block was being bltuminized, the con
crete foundation having already been laid,
with the exception of fifty-nine feet in
front of the property belonging to T. J.
| Clunie. On this portion the workmen
! were busy putting .<ack the old basalt
I blocks which formerly constituted the
; pavement.
The explanation of the matter lies in
the differences tuat exist between Clunie
and the City Street • Improvement Com
pany, which was recently authorized by
resolution of the Board of Supervisors to
proceed with the work. The city is to
stand $490 of the expense, and the prop
j erty owners the balance. According to J. !
W. McDonald, the president of the pay-
I ing company, ail the property owners
| agreed to have the work done under the
| conditions placed by the Board of Super
: visors.
"1 had the street torn up," said Mc-
Donald, "ready to be paved, and my rep
resentative went to see Clunie's manager,
j J. H. Todd, in regard to the proposition.
He was told what the cost would be, and
I he, replied that he could have the work
: done for $45, though Todd did not offer 113
I that amount. My representative informed
.him that it was impossible to do it for
$45, as that would bo at the rate of 6
> conts a foot, which would not pay for the
j concrete, i As ho refused to treat with us
! there was only one thing to do, and that
was to put the basalt blocks back in
place."
Manager Todd when seen in regard to
j the affair said: "We have no desire to
' stand in the way of public Improvements
whatever. McDonald Is working under
an old agreement signed by all the prop
i erty owners except the Stevenson estate,
from whom General Clunle bought this
! property. We have never signed the pe
j tition, and do not feel bound by it. Me
' Donald's man did not come to see us
! until the street was torn up. I had al
ready practically signed a contract with
the Pacific Paving Company for the same ;
; kind of pavement now in front of the
Phelan Duilding, consisting of wooden
j blocks covered with bitumen, which I
consider superior to the other pavement.
When McDonald set his figure it was so
much higher than that of my choice, of
pavement that I refused to entertain it.
In a moment of pique, I suppose, he had
! the blocks put back. We will shortly
put down the pavement which we were
•originally In favor of. and that will end i
the matter,"
. ■ » ■
October styles Standard Patterns, the only
high grade, low priced Beam-allowing patterns. |
Domestic Office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth. • .
Welcomed the Minnesotans.
California Hotel was in gala attire last
evening in honor of the welcome and ban
quet extended Company I of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Ilfglment by Company
I of the First California. It was an ap
preciation of the kindness and goodwill
t !.<>wn the California boys by the Minne
fcotas while at Manila.
An elaborate menu was provided. As
soon as justice was done, cigars were
passed around, and the rest of the even
ing was spent in telling stories of camp
life at the front.
Isles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. RnthoohlH. 334 Post Bt. •
POSTAGE OH SUMO AY CALL
SUHDA V CALL wrapped ready
for matting — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, THTJKSBAT, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899.
GEORGE CROCKER
WILL NOT ADMIT
THE LARGE DEAL
The Speyer Buy Is
Still a Mystery.
CONFIRMED BY INDICATIONS
EVERYTHING POINTS TO A SUB
STANTIATION.
H. E. Hunting-ton Will in All Likeli
hood Be the Supreme Power
in the Southern Pacific
Company Here.
Not-withstanding the secrecy maintained
by the Crockers at this end of the South
i crn Pacific Company's line and the close
] neBB with which Speyer keeps his lips
j shut at the other end, it is generally ad
mitted In the big yellow building on Mont
gomery street thut the Crocker interest
will soon exist only as a memory of the
past and that Huntingdon will In truta
be the Southern Pacific.
The report that the transfer of stock
has been nia.de and that the. price paid
by Speyer was $13,<X>U,i)00 is considered
very premature. It is believed thai the
deal is on, but it may be many days be
fore it Is consummated, and the price
Which will be exacted by the Crocker peo
ple no man eaji say — or at least the oniy
men who could say are Crocker himself,
Speyeu and liuntington, and they persist
in remaining as mute as the proverbial
ciam.
The Crocker interest in the Southern
Pacilic Company comprises some 300,000
shares of the capital stock and is Jointly
owned by George Crocker, \V. 11. Crocker,
the three children of the late Colonel Fred
Ciuoker ana Mis. Hattie Alexander of
New York. These shares at the present
prices would be worth between Sli'.Ooo.oOO
and $11,U(Ai,OuO. This is considerably less
than the reported price of. the t-ale. More
over, Huntingdon, who, It is almost a cer
tainty, Is the man for whom Speyer is
acting, Is not the one to pay more
than its value for anything he buys.
If he nurses the exact mark at all It la
pretty sure to I"; on the under rather than
on the over side of the line.
When seen yesterday George Crocker
refused absolutely to give any information
either one way or the- other. To all ques
tion* put to him his one answer was: "If
there has been any such deal as you in
qulre about, Mr. Spe> or, taking your ques- |
tions for my authority, is the man who
made the purchase. Therefore it Is to
him you must go for the information you
peek. There have been reporters up here j
all day, and each one of them has re
ceived the fame answer, and that la the
only one they will get from me."
Mr. Crocker was then asked to deny
the story, which be refused to do, and all !
questions pertaJning to his future position
:: ; relation to the company, of which he j
is now the second vice president, he abso
lutely declined to discuss, saying that his
answers might be construed into a reply
to the first and- all important one.
However, his demeanor was such that
a man after talking with him a few mo
ments could not help leaving witli his tirst !
suspicions of a deal having been strength
ened almost to a conviction.
Every other member of the family
as well as every director and of
ficer of the company acted in
the same way. They all re
fused to admit any knowlf-dge of such a
sale being in progress, but thoir denials
were practical admission of tho truth of
the report, so weak and confused were
they.
There is one thing upon which there
can hardly be any doubt. If the sale
does go through it will be found that
Huntlngton is the man for whom Speyor
Is acting:. Hardly any one <-lse would
think of investiiii; so heavily in a concern
in which he would not have the con
trolling influence nr taking such an Im
mense block of stock, which is not paying
anything very remarkable In the way of
dividends, particularly when bo many bet
ter Investments can be found by one hav
ing so much capita! lying idle.
Huntington's purchnsr- of the Crocker
interest means that Huntington, and
Huntlngton alone, will be the one power
in the company. True the Stanford inter
est is still there, but it will be nearly
secondary so far as any Influence It may
exert on the policy of the road is con
cerned. The man who, In all probability, \
will be selected to represent the master
mind on this coast will bo H. E. Hunt
ington, who, notwithstanding reports to j
the contrary, is on excellent terms with
his uncle and has the old gentleman's
confidence, as far as that astute financier
extends it to any one.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2<l.— The Tribune
says: Tho purchase from the Charles
AN ATTEMPTED SUICIDE
FOLLOWS LOVE QUARREL
|-|- IZZIE MURPHY, a good looking servant girl, tried to end her life with
; carbolic acid yesterday. She had a quarrel with Frank Onettl, her
' I lover, and when he refused to make It up she placed a two-ounce vial
' -I— i of the deadly drug to her lips and would have swallowed It all had not
' Onettl knocked the bottle out of her hand.
> Lizzie lives with her cousin, Martin Maker, who keeps the lodging house
, at 1017 Broadway. Onettl works in the Gibraltar warehouse. The couple
5 have been lovers for nearly two years and were to have been married next
' month. Miss Murphy, however, took a fancy to another young man and
? went out with him a couple of times, much to the disgust of Onettl. After a
' heated argument one day he persuaded Lizzie to go to his brother Joe's place
5 on Sutter Creek. Joe is a married man and is doing well at placer mining.
p She remained there for some time and only came back to 1017 Broadway last
; Saturday.
5 The couple met last Tuesday nlpht and quarreled. Lizzie brooded over
• it and early yosterday morning purchased the carbolic acid. At noon she
! met Frank as he was returning to hia home from the warehouse, for his
. lunch, and asked him to lot bygones bo bygones. Onetti said he did not
want to sco anything more of her. It was then she swallowed the carbolic
• acid.
Onetti picked her up from the sidewalk where she was writhing in
! agony and carried her to 1017 Broadway, where Bhe was given an emetic.
, The Harbor Hospital was then rung up and In a few minutes sho was in the
operating room in the institution. Drs. Morrison and Folkers worked over
I her for half an hour and then pronounced her out of danger. Miss Murphy
le badly burned with the acid about the mouth and face and will be able to
' swallow nothing but liquids for some time to come.
" " " ~~~ — " "" ' " ~~ -H-nWs ' I Hales. .
■ . :.-... Hales. ■..„.:.- ,---,!-  Hales. J_ _^s^lJ —^-
tiIBSB afO Why business is so good at Hale's
: TT^T, — t • never did fall business open so early, come so freely and so
one of our $ 3 .OO hats. steadily, and promise so much . every department is a busy
/ js3ffl)^af'3iS store in itself - our bu y ers bou s ht ear| bought wlsely and
ZTV^Tt bought largely; and "repeat orders" are everywhere the rule;
'WfyP SStSS such goods as these, such prices as these, are why:
l^y/y tlstically fasten- C 3 ' '
"^V ed with coll Of _ - a • • •<*.*-»
WM: o v r^r.,^ new silks cloaks and suits ladies be ts
. JM^ minings folds our ever alert buyer snaps the new 24 gray homespun cheviot suits an « el ent imitat on o M exjean
sA^-^ flnlshln X brim ' things up bo quickly that we fre- fly-front jacket, silk lined, skirt well carved leather be its 1 fe: mches_ wide
/-^^^ B oft rosette trim- quently show them before they have made and percaline lined both with covered buckle, in black and
.^PncT^'J l^Jtlnir^ss an ° ther SUCh ' and ta '! O^' aP $l l^O black patent' leather* SS
I I new swivel? and pompadour I " 36" black "crepon separate skirts. covered buckle, 1% inches w.de
stripes, elegant goods for fine waists, well made and percaline "nw-P® l^. •• LV",!' ",Vnt'hV;' ' hoYtV " Vt itched and
in exclusive designs that take in all feet fitting *«-00 black leather belts • stl|ch » fl and
sleeping garments the latest and most popular fall I . 48 stone martin opossum scarfs; l^} C fu}^etwlA6 !
ftslCCping gcZI IIICIIL» colors . n Jnches wme# yard 8 tails and 2 heads; a fine value.^.. serviceable belt, 1% inches wide. ... ,
ladies' good, quality • flannelette new Persian silks, in the latest 1 ••• •• •••••";7 ,*'♦ ........... ... ••• •••••••• •;":* > !vr belt I
gowns, mother hubbar.d style, cut styles and colorings; very swell for 26 children's mixed cheviot jackets steel studded black leat^ belt -
long and wide, in plain, pink and vestlngs, trimming, etc; 20 inches ! large cope, high . collar, trimmed 1% inc he» Ide, one of the novelties
blue. also pink and blue checks; wide f 9 1.50 yard i with combination, cloth and braid of the seapo a n " ■• ••;;•■••• -^ "^t'l 1 !
sizes small, medium and large new ermine stripes-effects in ma- for ages 4 to 14 :—:V7* 4 > „ a large assortment of tan leather
SOC each rine, hello, cardinal and black and i 36 black sateen underskirts, with , belts, with nickel buckle and studded
extra fine quality ladles' flannel- white, to be had only at Hale's; I deep flounce and ruffle; braid with steel points UoC eacn
ette gowns, mother hubbard style, 21-inch SIS yard i trimmed: skirt lined all ■ througri •« j
sailor collar of pink, blue or cream with outing flannel; all slzes.>—OO HCW CIUePCIOWnS
Cinderella flannel, trimmed with # j ust lni new eiderdown flannel, S6
fancy braid; assorted patterns in gpt materials . ., art •_ «,^ctirc ' inches wide, in plain and ripple solid
pink and blue plaids and checks; 120 tambour bureau scarfs. ic v i OPIVeS indOlTieStlCS colors; new fall shades.. ..45c yard
sizes 14, 15. 16 and 17.. .price $1 each 120 tambour bureau scarfs, 18xu4 *„„„,.♦ now Pirfcrdnn-n flannels 27 inches
ladies' Cinderella flannel gowns. inches, in open work designs we've gone over the entire depart- n£ % stripes latest
best quality Cinderella flannel; yoke i2sc each ment and gathered the remnants of £ -Me,. in fancy colored to 75c yard
trimmed with wide torchon lace. 120 tambour squares to match table linen, toweling, napkins flan- e5O Seces 'scotch tennis flannel S3
drawn with colored baby ribbon, col- scarf. 32x32 inches wide; used mostly I nels, flannelettes muslin sheeting, 50 pieces Scotch tennis flanneU S3
lar and cuffs trimmed with lace in- for pillow shams 25c each , white goods, eiderdown flannels, per- inches medium colorings, stripes
iertion and hab? Son? colors pla"n "I stamped and tinted grass linen | cales. silko.ines. denims and draper- so^d at 25c
pink blue and cream- sizes 14 15 16 table covers, in white with colored I ies and placed them on sale this bo\s shirts, lines that sola at <2&c
and 17 ..!. ?...?!?f.?.. .ll.BOeach tinted designs, and natural with ; morning at much less than their real and 30c. but we are closing them out
' stamped designs; size 36x36 inches | value, chance to save on many bo they are on sale to-day at......
12c each 1 household needs. • -SUC yard
veilings — for breakfast
3000 yards black, plain and dotted r^t t^/ /MW/ '/Sfff German china decorated mush
Tuxedo mesh veilings, in a large S^^^M.'L^fW/ fJW/ (^) and rnllk set - 3 pieces> P lat bo l
The store that closes every /Jg&/ J^£* — -' "^^ new fall catalog ready, send
night at six, Saturdays -in- JsSSl \ S^&£~U^®G&&> GOOtP^k^^ us names of your friends in the
eluded g3agttw ?iTiTriiiTiii hTii wammm^'^^^ country; it's free.
a I 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. i ' \
Crocker estate of its holdings of stock of
the Southern Pacific Company by James
Speyer was snid in Wall Btreet yesterday
to be for C. 1". Huntlngton. the president
of the company. Mr. Huntlngton was
Bald to be In the Adirondacks, and Mr.
Speyer had no information to Impart. The
amount of the purchase was reported to
I*> 340.000 shares, which included the Cen
trnl Pacific Railroad stock exchanged for
Southern Pacific stock. The totnl value
of the stock purchased is about $12,260,000.
It was stated that Georgo Crocker would
retire a.s second vice president of the
Southern Pacific and b« succeeded by 11.
K. Huntington.
GIGANTIC RAILWAY TRUST.
Significance of Rockefeller's
Entry Into New York. Cen
tral Directorate.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.— The Journal
says: "A billion dollar railroad combine
is foreshadowed by the entry of "William
Rockefeller into the directory of the New
York Central.
"Tho union of Rockefeller and Vandcr
bilt transportation interests throughout
the country would result in the manage
ment of The principal railway systems of
tho country passing under the control of
two families. A gigantic railroad trust
would thus be formed which would eclipse
In magnitude anything in the line of com
binations this country has yet seen.
"The combined wealth of Rockefeller
Brothers— John D., Wiliam and Frank
on a conservative estimate reaches five
hundred million dollars, and William K.
VanderWlt the heirs of Cornelius and the
other branches of the Vanderbllt house
would easily bring the total capital of the
combination up to the billion dollar mark,
and perhaps even to a billion and a half
dollars.
•'Railroad men and financiers to-day bo
lieve that the Rockefellers are going to
assume tho control and direction of the i
Vanderbilt railroad Interests.
"In the West the effect of Rockefeller ]
control is likely to be felt in tho pushing ;
: of Mr. Vanderbilt's schema of a groat
' transcontinental lino."
The. World says: "The report that a
; billion dollar railroad combine has been
, formed between Vnnderbilt and the
j Rockefellers ip without any foundation
, whatever. The election of William Rocke
feller as director of the New -York Central
• road means nothing whatever except an
I investment.
"It Is quite probable that William T\.
1 Vanderbilt may at an early day realize
■ the ambition of his family and own a
i transcontinental line connecting the
waters of the Atlantic and Pacific, but
the report that ho has secured control of
the Southern Pacific road through Bp#yer
&' Co. la not true. Speyer & Co. are Ilunt
lngton brokers and would hardly carry
out Mr. Vanderbik's contrary instruc
tions."
TEACHERS WILL NOT
LOSE THEIR PLACES
SCHOOL BOAKD'S MISTAKE TO
BE RECTIFIED.
Through tho faulty verbiage of a reso
lution adopted by the Board of Education
at its last meeting twelv^ pedagogues
| lost not only their positions and per
! Quisites as "heads of departments" hut as
j teachers in the school department as
•well. It was not the intention of the Di
[ rectors to throw them out of the depart
i ment; the one object was to abolish the
j position of "departmental head" and save
to the depleted school fund the $15 per
month -which attaches to positions of that
classification.
As soon as the error was discovered a
meeting of the twelve heads involved -was
called and thoy came together at Super
intendent Webster's office at the City
Hall. The meeting had a double-barreled
object; to learn Just what was their
status in the department and to fight for
i the recreation of their old positions.
Superintendent Webster was called in and
upon the tlrst point was quick to reassure
them. He said that if through faulty
construction it was made to appear in the
resolution that they had bt-en dropped
from the department the mistake would
be rectified. Upon the second point he
held out no assurance.
The Board of Education, he explained,
considered that the position of head of
department had come to be little more
than honorary as there were no dis
tinctive responsibilities or duties attached
to It. This he expressed as his opinion,
but said he -would advise the discharged
heads to get together as a body and
formulate a certain line of duties other
than their regular obligations as teachers
In the department and then memorialize
the board to re-establish the positions.
The teachers did not agree with their
superintendent that they had not already
distinctive duties and responsibilities.
They argued that they were responsible
not only to the School Department of San
Francisco but as well to the faculty of
the State University. The departments
of which they -were the heads were all ac
credited by the State University and it
was obligatory upon them to see to it
that the teachers In the departments of
■which they had supervision brotight their
classes up to the standard set by the
State institution. They claimed that this
responsibility alone was worth the $15
per month -which -was added to their
monthly stipend.
They could not argue profitably, how
ever, in face of the opinion of the Board
of Education and finally decided to fol
low the advice of their superintendent
and memorialize the board for the re
establishment of the position and the
repayment of the $15 per month.
Oriental Imports.
The steamer Carmarthenshire, which
arrived yesterday, brings 2000 bales of
Japanese mattings of novel designs to the
Pattoslen Company of San Francisco
from Kobe, Japan. •
« ♦ ■
FIRE IN WESTERN ADDITION.
The O^Kane Residence Narrowly Es
capes Total Destruction.
The residence of W. D. O'Kane at 2119
Broadway had a narrow escape from total
destruction by lire yesterday afternoon,
shortly after 2 o'clock. The flames orig
inated, on the roof and were caused by a
spark from a chimney. Before the fire
could be subdued the entire top of the
structure had been destroyed, and tho
damage will amount to several thousand
dollars.
As soon as the fire was discovered an
alarm was turned in from box 25fi at Fill
more street and Pacific avenue. The Fire
Department was quick in responding:, but
the blaze had already gained considerable
headway and much difficulty was experi
enced in 'extinguishing it. as the fire was
confined between the roof and the ceiling
of the upper story. Much damage was
done tt> the interior of the structure by
water and articles of considerable value
wore ruined. W. D. O'Kane, owner of the
house, is one of the proprietors of the
"Union Transfer Company in this city.
To Be Sent Back to Texas.
The Tarantino family at 51 Jessie street,
consisting of a mother and three
children, all of whom are weak-minded
and whose deplorable condition was de
tailed in Tuesday's Call, will be shipped
back to Texas, whence they came. Mayor
Phelan is assisting the California Society
for the Protection of Children to that de
sirable end. <
SUIT FOR POSSESSION
OF MISSION ROCK
TJNTTED STATES WANTS IT FOB
A COALING STATION.
United States Attorney Coombs yester
day prepared a complaint to be filed to
day in the United States Circuit Court
asking for th<j ejectment of the California
Drydock Company from Mission Rock, in
San Francisco Bay. The United States
Government wants the rock to be used as
a coaling station. The complaint recites
that the patent issued by the State of
California In 1870 is valid only as to what
ever lands may have been at that time
under the sovereignty of the State, but
contends that no State patent can hold as
against the United States in the case of
any Islands or other realty over which
the United States has sovereignty.
' Mr. Coombs said yesterday that it had
been held by the courts that the United
States is entitled to the islands in the
bay of San Francisco and to all the tide
lands in the State and lands that
are covered and uncovered by the
ebb and flow of tides reaching
these lands at ordinary high tides. All
lands below ordinary high tides belong to
the State.
There will be two contests in the trial
of the case — one as to what the area of
Mission Rock was at the time it was
filled in and whether it consisted of a
Jutting rock or whether the lands about
it were above ordinary high-water mark.
Mr. Coombs will also present this ques
tion, as to whether tide and submerged
lands, the title to which is vested in the
Stat< j by reason of its sovereignty, can
pertain to those tide lands which sur
round islands where the State has no
sovereignty.
The latter is a new point, and its treat
ment by the court and counsel will be of
much interest.
Does he drink? No; but he usps
regularly The Old Government "Whisky.
It stimulates, tones, satisfies, but does
not act like a drug nor create an ab
normal craving. •
ACCUSED THEM FALSELY.
A Colored Sailor Brutally Beats a
Japanese and His Wife.
George Allen, a colored sailor on a
coasting vessel, while drunk last night
had a racket in an Oneida-place house,
which caused a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon and one of battery to be
placed against his name at the California
street station. Shortly after Allen had
entered the alley he claimed that he had
been robbed of $45 by a Japanese woman.
He promptly beat her husband, S. Aru
nura on the head with a chair and as
saulted the woman with his fists. Aru
nura suffered considerably from his
wounds and the woman was badly In
jured. Officers Dinan and "Williams "final
ly arrested the sailor after a desperate
struggle. When searched at the police
station Allen still had the $45 in his pos- i
session.
The Crystal Hot Sea Bath*.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
watertubondßwlmmlngbathßjNorthßeacl^*
A Week FREE[¥~IT
Treatment and Medicine =•©! §
FOR y3 »""^^
Catarrh, Deafness, I |f%§
NOISES IN EARS %My]r
AND THROAT DISEASES -^rprl
GIVEN to show the supc-ior yea .
merit of my new INVENTIONfSsssr £«&•'
and ANTISEPTIC treatment. §§/ iJHk
that gives marvelous cures ts£*gM
even- after other treatments 13S1115I :
fall. So easy a child can use S
It; 2000 tent caws, over 95 per i|& $*&&§£s
cm cured. Hundreds of In- s
dorpoments. But the best wa,vES_iis'SaKsC*i2.
Is to try it and be convinced while you can
FREE. "Write for literature or call at once
for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
Salad Bowls,
Beauties,
25 cte. up.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
STORES EVERYWHERE-
zoo Stores.
PUSH
3-Day Specials I
Much cood coffee is spoiled in the
making. Our "Ideal" Coffee Pots
minimize this evil.
TEA, pep 1b 40p
Regularly 60. ,-.:".
Oolong, English Breakfast,
Japan, Assam. Ceylon, Gunpowder
and Family Mixed.
0 X WHISKY, 75e; 3 bots $2.00
gallon. $3.00
Finest quality of
this well-known brand
regularly $1.00 and $4.00.
SARDINES (Lemolne), tin lOe
Just received a fresh
shipment of this celebrated brand.
TOMATO CATSUP, pt. bot 15e
Ideal brand — best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
PORT and SHERRY, 35c ; 3 bots.sl.OO
gallon...
Choice old native wines
Regularly 50c and $2.00.
SALAD DRESSING, bot 25c
Mrs. Herman's
celebrated make.
Regularly 30c.
MAiL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE. FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St.. near Market Tiltphoni Wilt 152.
Tiliphom Main 5522.
I UNDERSTAND I
g There's nothing philanthropic about n
Eg our "little-at-a-time" plan — it's gl
i™ solid business through and through, S
and we wish you to know that we Q
depend as much upon your business H
as you do, perhaps, upon ours. 0
This
I Bg.lfoffi™»«g ;| fjtted w j tn
I • corduroy H
5 ! cushions M
and brass H
Price $8 SO. fittings— ||
THE J. NOON AN ■
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), if
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET, I
' flbove Sixth;- ||
Phone Booth 11. Open Evenlagj, H
000000000000000000
Si? PALACE '■"■!' l
%CRANDOSXMk^%
Zi SAN FRANCISCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway.
P 1400 Rooms—^OO wi h Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. O
© NOTE TEE PRICES: O
lO European Plan.* J.OO per day and upward O
]Z American Plan ?8.00 per day and upward ft
© Correspondence Solicited. "•*
A JOHN 0. KIRZPATEICK Kantger. O
. OOOQOOOOO OOOOO OQQQ
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invlgorator and Ncr-
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for- Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder.' Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS £ BRUNE. Agents.
223 Market street. S. F. — (Send for Circular.)
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS, "
Bottlers of -..".,
• ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of tbo eltjr.
J J hone. Jessie ISO. - .!.