VOLUME LXXXVII-Na 16.
GENERAL BULLER'S FORCE DEFEATED
WHILE TRYING TO CROSS THE TUGELA
Attempt of Commander in Chief of
the British Troops in South
Africa to Reach Ladysmith Re
sults m Disaster.
Boers Concealed Along the River Mow Down
the Advancing Foe, Causing the British to
Hastily Retreat, Leaving Eleven Guns and
Many Dead Behind.
LONDON. Dec. 16.— The War Office has received a dispatch announcing that General Buller has
met with a serious reverse, losing eleven guns. General Buller was attempting to cross the
Tugela River. Finding it impossible to effect his object he ordered a retreat in order to avoid
greater losses.
The following is the tevt of General Bulier's dispatch announcing his reverse:
"Buller to Lansdowne: Chieveley Camp. December 15. 6:20 p. m.— l regret to report a seri
ous reverse. I moved in full strength from our camp near Chieveley at 4 o'clock this morning.
There are two fordable places in the Tugela River, and it was my intention to force a passage
through at one of them. They are about two miles apart.
"My intention was to force one or the other with one brigade supported by a central
brigade.
"General Hart was to attack the left drift. General Hildyard the right road and General Lyt
telton was to take the center and to support either. Early in the day I saw that General Hart
would not be abie to force a passage, and I directed him to withdraw. He had, however- at
tacked with great gallantry, and his leading battalion, the Connaught Rangers. I fear, suffered a
great deal. Colonel LG. Brooke was seriously wounded.
"I then ordered General Hildyard to advance, which he did. and his leading regiment, the
East Surrey, occupied Colenso station and the houses near the bridge.
"At that moment I heard that the whole artillery I had sent to support the attack— the
Fourteenth and Sixty-sixth field batteries and six naval 12-pounder quick-firers, under Coionel
Long— had advanced close io the river in Long's desire to be within effective range. It proved to
be full oi the enemy, who suddenly opened a galling fire at close range, killing all their horses, and
the gunners were compelled to stand to their guns. Some of the wagon teams got shelter for the
troops in a donga, and desperate efforts were made to bring out the field guns. The fire, how
ever, was too severe, and only two were saved by Captain Scholfield and some drivers whose
names I will furnish.
"Another most gallant attempt with three teams was made by an officer, whose name ! will
Of the eighteen horses inirteen were killed- and as several drivers were wounded
I would not allow another attempt, as it seemed that they would be a shell mark, sacrificing life to
a gallant attempt to force the passage. Unsupported by artillery, I directed the troops to with
draw, which they did in good order.
"Throughout the day a considerable force of the enemy was pressing on my right flank,
but was kept back by mounted men under Lord Dundonald and another part of General Barton's bri
gade. The day was intensely hot and most trying on the troops, whose conduct was excellent
We have abandoned ten guns and lost by shell fire one. Th.3 losses in General Hart's brigade
are. I fear, very heavy, although the proportion of severely wounded. I hope, is not large The
Fourteenth and Sixty sixth Field Batteries also suffered severe losses. We have retired to' our
camp at Chieveley."
The San Francisco Call
LONDON, Dec. r6.—Eng
land went to sleep last night
without knowing the worst
news that has come from the seat
of war since hostilities began.
What time the War Office re
ceived the news of General ful
ler's reverse, which was practical
ly a defeat, is not known, but it
was after midnight when it made
public Buller's report.
While the report is fairly dear
it needs •elucidation in certain
parts, but there can he no mis
taking the results of the battle.
Eleven British guns lost, at
tempts by two columns to cross
the river repulsed with heavy loss
and the retreat to camp — that is
the outcome of Buller's first at
tempt to reach Ladysmith.
Two points in his report stand
out with tremendous significance
when the circumstances of the re
verses experienced by Methuen
and Gatacre are recalled. When
he moved out in full force from
Chieveley early yesterday morn
ing it was his intention to force
the passage at one of two ford
able places on the Tugela River,
but he discovered that this was
not feasible, owing to the fact
that the number of Boers had
been under estimated.
At Stormberg and Magersfon
tein the same fact was discovered,
but not until the British advance
had been surrounded by the mo
bile foe.
Again, as in these other two
engagements, the British on the
Tugela River were caught in an
ambush. The river bed at the
point selected by General Hild
yard's column to cross turned out
to be full of Boers, who over
whelmed the British artillery.
Ten guns had to be abandoned
and another was lost by shell fire.
Two were saved b>; the heroic
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899.
MORE TROOPS TO BE
RUSHED TO BULLER
His Defeat Regarded as the Most
Serious Military Event Since
tfye Indian Mutiny.
LONDON. Dec. 15. 4:30 a. m.— The
news of General Roller's reverse
was received bo late that news
paper comment to-day Is confined to
perfunctory expressions of extreme
regret and disappointment and of
the necessity of calmness and redoubled
efforts to retrieve the position. This latest
check Is regarded as the most serious
event In Great Britain's military history
since the Indian mutiny.
The Standard says: "General Buller's
dispatch Is deplorable reading. It Is the
now familiar st«.ry of concealed Boers and
of British troops marching up blindly al
most to the \<ry muzzles of the enemy's
It cannot be doubted that f.e
moral effect win be to aggravate our dtf
• r the whole field of operations.
wintry has discovered with annoy
,nd surprise that subduing Boer
farmer? Ip about the hardest work we
have entered upon since the Indian mu
tiny. Their commandants have shown
themselves able to Rive our generals use
ful but expensive lessons In modern tac-
The Times says: "Since the day of the
Indian mutiny the nation has not been
confronted with so painful and anxious a
situation. Plainly General Kuiler's ad
vance la paralysed for the moment a*
completely as I^ord Methuen's and Gen
eral Gatacre/s."
The depression ov«r the defeat of Oreat
Britain's trusted and Idolize.] commander
Is all the Rreater a* during the last forty
eight hours there had been reports of the
relief of Lsdysmtth. Yesterday the War
i tflic*- allowed it to be understood that me
•i ..f affairs in Natal was entirely
factory. The reaction is all the more
i ron ninced on this account.
The gloomy information came too late
•■ice clntis. and only a few
,iists and straKcl- rs were waiting at
the War Office. It had hardly been real
ised until now. even after the experience
of the week, that General Buller could
fall.
Virtually nothing had he*»n allowed to
leak through regarding his preparation,
but the public waited patiently. In the
confident belief that he was taking *uch
time and precautions as would Insure suc
cess.
No independent reports of the engage
ment have yet been allowed to come
through, but General Buller'R own dis
patch tells the sad tale In sufficient out
lino to show that the British have been
entrapped again by the astute BOOTS. It
was not anticipated that General Duller
would make a frontal attack. No criti
cisms of his movements are made, how
ever, since apparently he suffered a re
pulse rather than a defeat, and did not
efforts of Captain Scholfield and
some drivers.
It seems almost incredible that
the artillery should have ap
proached so near the river with
out cavalry or even infantry skir
mishers having first developed
the enemy's position. Colonel
Long, who was in command of
the batteries, seems to have only
discovered that the river was full
of Boers when he got quite close
to it with his guns. He was sub
jected to a galling fire at close
range, which killed his men and
horses before he could extricate
himself. No mention is made of
any supporting infantry, though
it is hardly possible that batteries
would be sent so far forward
This ttaowi the railroad hrldpe and the Bulwer wagon bridge, which were destroyed by the Bo«rs,*wltfa the lecatlOM of the fords by which the British attempted
to force passage across the Tugela, and the positions of the contending for* p s as ■!• ■crlbcd In the dl- I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLENSO AND THE TUGELA RIVER.
Major-General Fitzroy Hart. Corr)
rT)ar)ding the Irish) Brigade Which
Lost So Heavily at Coler;so.
push the attack home, but broke it off In
the middle so as to save a aseleM s;c-n
flce of life ft Is < xpected that be will r--
tiew the attack shortly.
Immediately on reo-lvlng the nev
War tiflice dedded to mobilize still an
other division and to replace the lot
artillery. The necessary reinforcements
will b« hurried off as speedily ;<« possible.
Fifteen transports are due to arrive at
Cape Town between PooomtHH" IT and Jan
uary s, with about IMM troops of all
arms, but unless Gener.n T'-iller Is able to
renew the attack, which is exceodingly
doubtful, the British generals will be com
pelled for another furtnight or more to
remain on the defensive.
The latest dispatches Indicate the con
tinued bombardment of T^adysmlth, whose
position Is now perilous.
Major General Sir Herbert Charles
Chormside has been appointed to com
mand the Fourteenth Brigade In the Sev
enth Division.
The Hat of casualties among the non
commissioned officers and men in the fight
at ifagersfontelE, just issued, shoi
killed, M wounded >2i severely) and 76
missing. This, however, Is apparently not
a complete list.
without some support being pro
vided.
Scouting appears once more to
have been very inadequate. Both
the number and exact positions
of the Boers seem to have been
unknown to the British.
it is difficult to measure the
probable consequences of thi>; re
verse. Southern Xntal h secure,
but it does not appear that Gen
eral Btiller can advance again un
til reinforcements arrive. Mean
while the situation <>f Ladysmith
is ni«>-t perilous.
It is n<>t possible thai the
5c w ill shake in any
way the £rim determination
which now animates the British
nation to fight the contest to a
TELLS HOW BOERS
DECEIVED BRITONS
in a Letter Joubert Predicted Maoy
Events Which Now Seem to
Be Ta^iog Place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dee. 15.— "T0 Pre
toria." the British cry. Is on a
level with the Parisian cry of IS7O.
"A Berlin."
This is an extract from a letter
written by General Joubert from Lady
smith under date of October 27 to a con
tributor to the H.-rlia Gazette, In which
paper it was published In full. The other
passages, which at this Juncture will be
read with peculiar Interest, follow:
"Ever since the infamous Jameson raid
of ISM our Government was convinced
i that some disreputable characters would
urge England to war. Its meaning could
not be mistaken. It could have for Its
j sole object only the annihilation of the
I Boer republic. We were equally sure that
we would have to depend on our own
resources, for. although we knew that
this war would meet with the unanimous
condemnation of all European powers, wa
did not anticipate that any of them would
summon the strength to come to our
rescue. England's arrogance and her
strong navy have so cowed European
powers that they dare not bid her stop
in her despicable land-grabbing, not even
where their own interests ar«? Involved.
j Knowing this circumstance, we depended
! solely on ourselves, improved our means
of defense and tried to keep the English
in the dark as to our real preparations.
To this purpose we gave their disguised
spies access to our antiquated guns and
artillery, but were very careful to con
ceal from them our modern artillery
parks. Our calculations proved correct.
The English public credited these mln
leadlni reports. Tbjrir cry 'To Pretoria'
Is on ■ level with the Parisian cry of is?').
| 'A Berlin.'
"Your letter lays much stress on the
numerical superiority of the English, but
in my opinion the example Is a different
one. England cannot »end more than
85.C00 soldiers to the Transvaal without
withdrawing all her troops from the colo
nies. This In Itself Is an Imposing army,
but only half of them will be available.
Granting that England will have effected
the landing of her troops by the middle
of December, she will have lost in the
meantime at least 1 <•"•'< through deaths,
casualties, desertions and captured. Their
number would accordingly be reduced to
75,000. Wo will try to prevent the junction
of the English forces under Duller, but
even If we should not succeed the English
finish. Already the War Office
is taking energetic steps. In the
course of the next few days a
large hody oi troop? i> due to ar
rive at Cape Town. The seventh
division is to l>e mobilized and
an eighth may also soon receive
orders. This is. so Ear as the
United Kingdom is concerned,
the uttermost that can be done,
with the exception of calling out
the last reserves that can he
drawn from the garrisons and
regular troops.
The m<-ral filter of the British
empire is now being tested
has not been since the Indian
mutiny and the Crmn
While news of Culler threw
into obscurit) ail oilier news
terday the repoi >m a
Boer source of -harp fightim
the night of 1 December 10 at
feking. The Boers attempted to
capture the British fort, but were
forced to retire. A smart light at
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Colonel Lionel Godoiphln Brooke,
the Connaught
Wnngers. V»ho Severely
Wounded nt Colenso.
will l ■ 35. (M0
;ti< n in
■
f'f tb< r
"The scene of war will rover N.ital and
Cape Colony, an are* of say 7<>> kilo
meters. Our own camp Is protected by
throe mountain ranges and &k) men are
imply sutllrU nt for its protection. Our
communication l.« *-x< % *-l'ent. Outposts have
command of and facilities for destroying
provisions In case their position becomes
untenable), If war should be carried into
our own country, for which there are no
prospects at present, our advantage*
would become greater yet. For while
facing unknown conditions In Natal and
In the south, we are quite able to make
use of the splendid opportunities of de
fence which our own country offers.
"The enemy will meet a very stubborn
resistance In the Transvaal and Orange
Free State, and every Inch of ground will
co<u them dear. You correctly suggest
that we most likely would resort to
guerrilla tactics. A (M months will b«
sufficient to shoTv to England the impos
sibility of the task she has undertaken.
Her losses will be tremendous."
Zoutspan Drift, ten miles cast
of the ( Grange River« on Thurs
day • iked in the retire
ment of the I
deneral French in the Xaauw
poort district ha*- more than once
during tl
the Boer advance.
We are still without new
further lighting on the part ofl
I Methuen's force Possibly
the Boers, equally with the Brit
ish, are glad of a short respti
fore renewing the conflict. I
eral < i his official dispatch,
which hardl) bn n c confi
dent <pirit of victory, makes the
significant that his can
non are of ver\ little u>e. ai
timates his r - 100 killed
and wounded.
BOERS WANT TO FORCE
FORMAL RECOGNITION
WASHINGTON. Vm. 13.— Mr. ""mm.
I'nlted States Consul at Pretoria, has
cabled the State Department that tha2
THE NEW S-INCH FIELD HOWITZER.
PWI, of which much was ex
t.
■
■
■ ■
■
■
■
■
BOER REPORTS OF THE
MODDER RIVER BATTLES
■ ...... .......i, in-r. 1.,-ini 1 lonowiriK or
f.dal announcement bu been made:
••<;<!;«>r:il Cpinje report? that yesterd.ij
There was desultory fijrhtlriir until 6. wh^i
li.avy cannon lire was mumed. Th<
Bcaadlnavtana stormed v difficult position
bat It l»iam»- unt.nahle anJ they suffer-.:
*«Vi if !y. J was unaWo to send help. Tht
l'.riii.sh w.-re in nverwhoiminp foro»\ l.vi
Ji;Ust have ha.] at !«-a?t 2(XK» nun put out
«>f art Win. oMh^r in killed or woundod."
Another ofjioial report from Captjiir
J'jr.riart paj-«:
"There wcr« no r\gna of surrender the
burthen nßhtinj? with conspicuous brav
ery and maintalnitiK their positions utidei
li.avy Uritish firr. Our cannon were of
very UiU« us... The nntish were erwitiy
..sslvt...! by ».allo..ns. Tw.-»ty-f,,ur am
bulaacea were workinp haxkward and
forward Utw.«n the Rghtiz.? line and
t!.- etxrny's camp. Our loss la not def
initely known, l estimate it at 1<» klll.-d
und wounded."
A t. It-Rraph operator at Moddcr Rivor
*lrc*:
••<iun and M.ixfm SltaK has boen pro
reftSlnc since :.:30 thif morninp. At In
caasonadinc was procofdlnp. and at J
t!x» fIK-'niUK was reported to be v<ry m
vcre. The I3<»er force alons the river
hn.uk was bHn X heavily attacked!, and is
r.-ov|vin X ap.sinance from the other Boer
forcep."
It 1p not known whether the operator
rrfen. to the BshUns of Monday or to
rtntued iJKhtlnj; on Tuesday.
SHARP ENGAGEMENT
AT ZOUTSPAN DRIFT
II
infan
■
nrMi
f the
MINOR COMBATS NFAR
KIMBERLEY AND MAFEKING
LONDON, ivc. 15.-The War Office has
received a dlrpatch from Colonel Keke
vlch. dated Klmberley. Sunday. Decem-
Ixr M. saying: "The Hoers have reat
tacked Kuruman and have again been re
pulsed by loyalists and Hechuanaa.
"The Kimberley forces made a demon
stration northward December I and drew
tOO JJo. rs and three guns. Fighting en
t-jed for several hours. The British cas
ualties w«-re one man killed and *oven
vomided."
PHLTTOHIA. Dec. 31.— 1t is officially an
nouncrvl that Molnpo. west of Mafeking
was bombarded December 11. Sharp light
ing occurred. The lt.^rs attacked a Brit
ish post at Marking during the night of
December 10. After severe fighting the
Boor» were repulstd ajid retired to Buv
nians Fort.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Perkins and Representative
Kahn Urge Action on Call
fornia Petitions.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.-S*nator Tor
kins and Representative Kahn to-day
called upon the Treasury Department to
dit»cov<r it* attitude on the petition of
the tea importers and oxport.ru of San
Francisco. The latter desire to he permit
ted to repack fas in any style of pack
age and any weight called for. In bond
•ml to be permitted to liquidate any bond
on dutiable wnst<- which Jt calls for. The>
claim that if tin cannot get the consent
of the department to this accommodation
ihe tea tnde certainly will be diverted to
ether countries. This would mean coneld
rrable loss, not only to themselves, hut
to the packer* and tin and box factories
In California. It will in no way work any
losa of revenue or cause expense to the
Government. ]• will require an act of
Conproj-s to change the existing law. but
It Is believed the Treasury Department
will not sanction a change. Mr Kahn will
Introduce a bill In the House at an ear.y
date In the Interest of the tea merchants
of San Francisco. The petition is signed
l»y nineteen leading tea Importers ana ex
porters of San Francisco.
Th* Oallfornlans also presented to Quar
termaster General Ludlncton the protest
of the San Francisco steamship pain en
against the action of Ryan a.- Co.. con
nr, 1 ll' r l£ lmin « United States trans
ports at .san Francisco, claiming they are
hiring peddlers, stevedores and men who
ha\e no knowledge of painting and t »at
they have cut wages to 12 and >2 5n per
(lay. whereas the Government I* paving
men in navy yards for the same work
w~>. General Ludington says he will or
°*J* n investigation at once.
n J. rf. y . »^Z culled on the supervising
architect of the treasury with the request
that an area wall bo built on the Sevonth
stroet side of the new postofttce at San
lTaneisco. so as to afford natural llgi
and vinulutlon to the basement of the
bull. ling. The department agreed -1 >ok
Into the matter and report to them at
once.
Kahn introduced a bill
Laki
;.. the l*i
• i
:
- Waters Introduced a bill
ti the
-
• ••
• iiti.ii on J.mu-
IMfl
iTwl A. Leydan and Hans Honrik Mici
have been appjinted day insnertors in tlu
i uttom-house at San Francisco.
i>r A. j. Landla has been appointed a
mulon examining surgeon at t'hlco
1 • -J'Slons have b.-on granted as follows:
California: Original-Sebastian Ca-a\.
yale<. Pasadena, Sv Henrj a. Wagner
ieorffetown. S8: William \v. Cady, Sent
••.; Nathan Itazur. San Bernard J0 :
l<*spph Huble. San Jose. <- Ro<=torati<vi
'••ll*, J . *»*» l«> f|J
Ph D Ifujers,
T-ftV ' A AIr,2 r, ««»toratlon and Increase-!
.Vllllam M. Favorite. Baker City $4 to »12
ncrease-Bgbert Ma ben, Medford. $8 to
,\Vashins:ton: Original— Orln S. Curtice
terns, X (Original widow, special Del
vmbor 5-Georgrann«h Mllliken. Sprague.
♦
Transports at Honolulu.
• th< Thirty-eighth ai
l tn
. will i.-ay
' :■ th.
LEO CENSURES
CZAR'S ATTITUDE
Peace Conference Slight
Referred to.
; at< h to Th« Call.
I
■ announcing the ap
of the •
Roman
• iii>- commencement of the holy
' ■ • bed that
: ' rty m
• tin..-, bave been
■ ■
-
• that
lend a
- es« a
which, h.
, all impartial j .
Invited ti ■
• the most p..wr r ful naUons
V. I
p more woi nvlta-
Lvored
' ' ..I to IT. -
bj the •!•
f the
r< d a p..
tiUlt ntlnued the rontiff
Itself
to this desire and bad gain. ,1 the point
11 w:i who, with the
■ " ■ '<■ ■ ■■ prlved the Pot>e
at bostUltr," a*ked the Pontiff
have w. to fear from them whr-n even in
th»- fn<-. r Europe they d.. not hesitate to
violate the sanctity of tho rights and du
tie^ wnlrh naturally flow from apostolic
- whatever the f - u
1 ' >uld certainly never
be round on th'> "side of
are afraid."
National Guard Commissions,
BACRAMKND Dec. 15.-National
Guard commissions were to-day issued
from the Adjutant General's office as fol
lows: William 1). McCarty, colonel and
purgeon. Sanitary Corps, assigned to divi
sion headquarters; A. B. C. Dohrmann.
lieutenant colonel and paymaster divi
sion: H<njamtn A. Hayes, "captain Com
pany G. Sixth Infantry; Philip A. Collins
captain Company l. Seventh Infantry
Charles W. Apee. captain Company ft
Sixth Infantry; Thomas B. Harlot' lieu
tenant Second Division. Xaval Militia-
George E. Kammeret, lieutenant. Junior
Krade. Second Division. Naval Militia-
William G. Morrison, lieutenant. Junior
prade. Second Division. Naval Militia-
James C. Kelly, ensign. Second Division'
Naval Militia; John F. Murphy, en*™'
Kirn Division. . Naval Militia; Daniel o
Uambauer. second lieutenant Comoanv
H, Sixth Infantry; E. A. Reynolds, first
lieutenant and battalion adjutant. Seventh
Infantry: Warren A. Win*, first lieuten
ant Company F. Second Infantry; J«fT.-r
sun D. Jones, first lieutenant Company I
Seventh Infantry: Harry E. Mitchell fl«i
lieutenant. Company M, Seventh Infan
try: Curtis C. Cavalt. first lieutenant
Company F. Fifth Infantry; John H
Slmms. second lieutenant. Company C
Seventh Infantry: Henry T. Bennett sec
ond lieutenant. Company K. Fifth Infan
try.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christinas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17. NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
Life Sentence for Walker.
PHEtiCoTT. Dm 15.-Tho Jury in the
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899.
FRUIT GROWERS HAVE
FINISHED THEIR LABORS
After Urging Further Favorable Legislation and
Passing Resolutions, the Convention
Adjourns.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 15.— The greatest con
vention of fruit growers In the his
tory of the State closed Its labors
this afternoon and adjourned. To
morrow the horticulturists are to
be the guests of the local fruit growers.
They will be taken to Stanford University
on a special train furnished by the South
ern Pacific Company, leaving here at 8:40
a. m. A reception and lunch will be ten
dered the visitors and Dr. Jordan and
other members of th« faculty will ad
dress them.
The four days' session Just closed have
been productive of great good to the fruit
interests. At no time did Interest In the
proceedings lag and the papers read were
all able and instructive.
a movement has been organized against
the reciprocity treaty with France and the
more recent ones made by .-..:. fruit
associations and other organizations
throughout the coast will be a>ked to aid
In defeating the measures.
The most important is the convention
that has been called for the organization
of both the green and dried fruit men in
this city on January 15. Delegates are
expected from all parts of the coast. Two
separate organizations will probably be
formed.
Marysville was selected as the next place
of meeting.
A campaign of education among the
growers has been Inaugurated by the or
dering of the distribution of 20.000 copies
; of the address of M. Theodore Kearney
Of Fresno on organization and co-opera
tion.
At the opening of the convention Mr.
Kearney of Fresno referred to the reso
lutions passed yesterday demanding that
the present tariffs on fruits be maintained
and a pure-food law enacted. Me said
the matter should not rest with the pass
ing of the resolutions. At his suggestion
Secretary I- long was Instructed to for
ward copies of the resolutions to the Con
< gressional delegation at Washington and
also communicate with all fruit associa
tions and Hoards of Trade with a view to
having similar resolutions adopted
Mr. Kearney also urged the holding of
a convention of all the fruit growers of
the state within a short time for organi
zation. He thought the dried and green
fruit men should men In one body
Several members opposed this as* Inter
fering with the convention of dried fruit
nT"thls at - aS b " n ''' ;'"1; '" 1 tot January IS
John S. Dore proposed enlarging the
convention and including both green and
dried fruit men. This carried and Judge
Aikon added ton more names to the com
mittee to arrange for the convention. The
lull commit) cons/ta of: Judge W. H.
Aiken. U rights: S. R. Johnston, W. P.
< ragin S. P. Sanders. C. \\\ Chbds. AN
fn«l Harstow. H. L. Stevens, L F bra
ham. San J«.so; J B. de Jarn<ute. Colusa;
A. B. Fletcher. 11. L. Qibbs. Napa; A. it
Sprague Los Angeles; John Markley Bo
noma: T A. Jacobs, visalla; Charles E. !
Barnes. H. \\\ Meek. San Lorenzo; A
Mancura .Palermo: B. F. Him-hinson,
J-owler; B. F. Walton. Yuba City Q E
Lawrence, Lodi.
They will at onco begin work and cor
respond with all fruit associations to see
th.it d*>gates ire .«ent horn. It appears j
to be the sense of the meeting that th* i
green and <lrld fruit men organize sepa
rate associations but meet at the same I
time.
W. Otto Emerson of Hay wards ad- i
the honorable members of the Doited States
S.nate.
The resolutions were adopted unani
mously.
The subject of "Irrigation" was handled '
by Professor S. M. Abridge of Pasa- i
derm. H<> stated Irrigation was the arti
ficial moans of producing crops an.l the
matter was of ■ arly origin. Surface ir- '
rijration. ibtrrigatlon and Interirrigation
:is practiced by them California citrus
Growers wore ■ illy explained.
Th.> afternoon proceedings opened with
an able paper on "The Citron of Com
merce, Cultivation and Manufacture. Im
.
f Thomas Walker ><n trial for th»
murder <>f Ri<-h.ird Bennett, a wealthy
rdtct of guilty.
wl:h the penalty fixed at Imprisonment for
llf.'. Kiirnt lurors held out for the death
:■■ until convinced the others would
not chance.
ADAM SWEIGERT'S WILL
MAY BE CONTESTED
Heirs Assert That the Executor Has
Appropriated Funds to His
Own Use.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15.— There promises to
be a bitter contest over the estate of
Adam Sweigert. a capitalist, who died In
San Francisco about a month ago leaving
an estate worth nearly (500,000. This was
; to be divided between his ion Jonathan,
, hi* daughter, Mis. Caroline Schmoll. and
tin- children of a deceased son, the two
1 llrst named each to receive one-third of
; the entire estate and the remaining thli 1
to be divided equally between the heirs
of the deceased son. Jonathan Swelfc-ert
was made the executor by the will, and
now it is claimed he has appropriated
some of the funds of the estate to his
own u?e.
Two weeks ago, when the petition for
probate of the will came up. it was con
tinued on behalf of the other heirs. Yes
terday it developed there was a disagree
ment between Jonathan Bwelgert and the
other devisees over the disposition of $97,
000 cash received by the testator for prop
erty at the corner of Kearny and Post
streets, San Francisco, shortly before his
death, and not Included in the will. Jona
than claimed that these funds were plated
in his hands by Adam Bwetgert In trust
for specific purposes, and the continiu*«ce
that was asked was in reality for the pur
pose of enabling Jonathan and the other
heirs to come to some amicable agreement
i In regard to the disposition of this money.
This had not been done >esterday, and
Judge liyland suggested that the heirs
come to some agreement over the mat
ter. Another continuance of two weeks
1 was granted.
William J. SwHgert. one of the grand
children, stated that the account rendered
by Jonathan Swelgert as to th« disposi
tion of funds received from the Bale of
the Pout and Kearny street property was
unsatisfactory as to items aggregating
upward of J3<",(X"O; that among these Hems
were gifts to himself of $10,000; to his
wife, 110.000; to his son George, $5000;
to his daughter Clara, $1500: $5000
to Mrs. Schmoll and $500 to the
grandchildren. Jonathan Swelgert, he
■aid, claimed that he had carried out the
instructions of his father in these mat
ter.", while he (William J.) and other
heirs claim that the funds were not a
trust, but part of the estate, and that
. the manner of distribution was pre-
I scribed in the will. He added that $30,000
Would have to be returned to the estate
or there would be a spirited opposition
i to Jonathan's appointment as executor.
Eminent legal talent has been engaged
on both sides. Jonathan Swelgert has
secured T. C. Coogan and Snook & Church
of Oakland, and Mrs. Schmoll and the
i other heirs. Rodgers. Paterson & Slack of
i San Francisco.
NINE CITATIONS FOR
CONTEMPT OF COURT
Judge Scott of Omaha Includes His
Predecessor Among the
Accused.
OMAHA. Dec. 15.— Judge Scott to-day
Issued citations against ex-Judgo Hope
well. his predecessor on the bench, and
several others connected with the defei ■«
in the l><>,ii) habeas corpus case, to appear
and show cause why they should not be
adjudged in contempt.
Including the three clergymen who were
adjudged guilty but who have moved for
a rehearing there are nine persons for
whom citations have been Issuer", from i his
court on contempt charges growing out
of the various cases before him for hear-
Ing;. ,
Picture Frames.
Old Dutch. Flemish. English and pray
onkn. mat Kilts and bronzes with mat
boards In colors to match. Any picture
can be appropriately and reasonably fitted
in our frame df-partment. Sanborn Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
, port. etc. ' by Secretary B. M. Lelong of
tirexsed the convention on "Beneficial and
Injurious Birds; Their Economic Value to
1 ,; ll o c . F a m *' r and Orchardists." He illus
' il a o tcil his remarks with stuffed birds and
«£ i lsl * - He stated there were over 13,000
; mTriU n^ c study of ornithology, and
i ?„.? '"a 1 ? 00 different species of birds are
round in North America. They accomplish
much to prevent the increase of Insects
and rodents that are injurious to plants.
; Hawks and owls help the farmers to keep
rodents In check. Insects alone cause an
en? . • loss of J200.Wj.0«) in the world. All
; species of birds do some good, and in a
measure should ba protected. They eat
some fruit, but the amount they destroy
is a small toll for the services they render
the farmer and orchardlst. Just at pres
ent there is a ruthless slaughter of the
feathered songsters to supply the demand
of the millinery stores.
A Paper by Hon. Eugene Germain of
Los Angeles, late United States Consul to
Switzerland, on "Need of Better and
More l mi form Pack for Exportation."
was read. He said California is. after all.
a ui veritable fruit-producing and fruit
phipping empire, whose superior products
have long since outgrown local dimensions
and are now entering the markets of the
world. A broad-gauge commercial integ
rity—honest goods. honePtly packed and
honestly labeled— is needed to extend our
markets. As a basic principle the fruit
grower should produce only Al fruit, his
market product should be free of all
wormy, undersized, warty specimens of
windfalls and bruised specimens, and con
sist of only a prime article. The next
Step must be to study European condi
tions and practices— style of package,
methods of marketing and preparation to
meet the customs and practices of the
European seller and consumer. Dried
apricots, pears and peaches from the Pa
<itu- Coast dominate the markets of Con
tinental Europe. There has been some
complaint In regard to the packing and
assorting of American dried fruits and
this must be remedied.
The committee on resolutions presented
the following In regard to the recent re
ciprocity treat? entered Into with France:
Whereas, The Government of the United
States has entered Into a reciprocity conven
tion with th.- Government of France. in which
li contemplated a material reduction of duties
on Imports of French prunes, walnut! 1 , al
monds, preserved fruits, olive oil, wines, etc.;
and whereas. It U the belief of the fruit-grow
ers of the State of California assembled In
their annual meetlne: that any lessening or re
mm-al of the present tariff duties on French
prunes, nuts and wines would work a most
serious Injury to the fruit, nut and wine In
dustries of the Pacific Coast; now. therefore,
be it
Resolved. That the frult-prower* of the State
of California do most earnestly and strenuously
protect arainxt-nny and all proponed reduc
tions from existing tariff rates . n Imports of
French prunes, walnuts, almonds, preserved
fruits, olive Oil, wines, etc . and further be It
Resolved. That the honr.raMe members of the
l.'nlted States Senate are h«-reby respectfully
requested to so modify the promised reciprocity
treaty between the united States and France
aa to permit the present tariff on Imports of
French fruits, nuts an.l wines to remain un-
Impaired, thus Riving to the frult-trrowers of
the Pacific Coast that measure of protection
which satisfies labor with a fair return and
lends safety to the millions of capital Invested
In their orchards. He it further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be engrossed and that the same be sent to
Senator c,en r jte C. Perkins, through whom the I
action of the fnilt-rrower* of California In
convention nssemMed shall he mad.* known to
the State Board of Horticulture. He treat
ed of the propagation of the citron and
treatment of fruit. So far the citron con
sumed In the United States Is imported
from Europe. Most of it Is shipped to
Eastern houses and by them prepared for
mnrkrt. In this way the importers avoid
the payment of duty. This Important over
sight on the p»rt of Congress should en
list the attention of California growers.
Reliable houses place the demand of th*>
United States for citron at 12.n0n cases of
2.10 pounds each. The best quality of cit- '
ron is raised In Corsica, the next best In
Greece and the poorest In Sicily. We do i
not know of any citron grown in this
country. The citron grows and fruits well
In California wherever the lemon thrive.
BUSHWHACKING
IN PHILIPPINES
Isolated Bands of Ban
dits to Be Dealt With.
Special ni-. t ,atrh t c The Pall.
WABHINOTON, Dor. IS.— lsolated bands
of bushwhacking insurgents, who are
caught by <>ur forces In the Philippines,
;*r<- Ukely t.. be summarily dealt with.
At tho ('ahinoi meeting to-day the matter
Uscussed at .sumo length, ami it was
the general ■entlment that the situation
demanded vlgorotis treatment. As long
■ as the in urgent! keep up a show of an
army under ■ semblance of discipline they
will be treated as prisoners Of war wli.-n
captured, bui when th.-y degenerate Into
bands of marauders, harassing
, our f..n-.. s by cold-blooded assassinations,
it la the Judgment <>f the offiVi-rs in com
mand in th. I'hllippines ancl of the Presi
i dent and of the member! <.f the Cabinet
that the situation aemands summary ac
1 tlon.
ENGAGEMENTS FOUGHT
IN LUZON AND NEGROS
WASHINGTON, Per. 15-The War De
partment to-dny received a cabhpram
giving the latest .1.-\ elopments in the sit
uation in the Philippines. The cablegram
I is as follows:
MANILA. Dec. IS.— Batchelder. with th«
Twenty-fourth Infantry, reports that on the
14th Instant he had an engagement at th«
Junction of Magat and Rio Orande rivers, leu
holla province, the enemy leaving four dead
and five mortallr wounded In the tren. h.-s
Our loss was one drowned and four wounded.
He Bays he Is In need of clothing, precision*
and money. He will reach Tugugaro. Cnca
yan province, shortly. Doubtless the navy le
lleved him yesterday.
Four hundred and seventy-five Spanish pris
oners arrived this morning, among them tins
sick at Vlgan. numbering 120. Young nt Ban
jul. Northwestern Luzon. reports .hat his
troops are still pursuing the remnant of thy
Insurgents, who have twenty-three iWIIIWW
prisoners In their possession. The <*ounti ,• Is
exceedingly rough. Our men are without shoes,
hut still are perslntently pursuing. The mini
ber of Spanish prisoners now In the hands of
the Insurgents Is probably 1000. mostly In tli«
south. I expect to effect their release In a
few ilnys.
Xeercs reports Serjeant Alfred Ro-der. Sixth
Infantry, with twenty soldiers an.l eighteen
native polio*, attacked 400 Insurgent a- Mad
rigal, Negros, this morning; no casualties.
The enemy loss was twenty-eight kill*".! and
many wounded. OTIS.
INSURGENT SPIES
LEARN OTIS' PLANS
BOSTON, Dec. 15.-A letter received
from one of the officers of the IT.l T . S. S.
Monterey at Manila, dated November 3.
Mjrs:
"The Princeton to-day was ordered to
coal to go to some unknown destination.
Great secrecy Is maintained nowadays
even misleading statements are pub
lished in UM papers. They do not fool
the wily natives, however, who Ret in
forma tl-m from the main source of or
der?;. It is said, with reason for absolute
belief, that spies have been caught with
copies of orden which had not yet
reached the person to whom they wera
addressed, and thnt the detachments of
soldiers ordered by telegraph to move
have been ambushed in places which the
insurgents could have reached only by
bfing informed of the Intended move
ments. Secrecy at present is more of a
pretense than n reality "
CONDEMNED SOLDIERS
SAVED FROM DEATH
WASHINGTON, D«c I*. - Bacretarx
I The tree Is easy of culture and the prepa
! ration of the rind simple, therefore there
I is hardly any reason why the California
j grown citron, were it accorded the same
: protection that the orange and lemon now
I have, should not supplant the Imported.
Th.- committee on the establishment of
a free market in San Francisco reported
that such a place would be a great benefit
to the producers and to the purchasers. It
presented the following resolution, which
was unanimously adopted:
Resolved. That the establishment of a fre«
market In the city of San Francisco, under the
terms of the law passed for that purpose. I- a
duty Imposed not only by /legislative enactment
but by the Interests of thousands of producer*
throughout the State and of thousand* of con
sumers within that city.
Resolved. That the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners be appealed to to carry out the
provisions of the law, and If in their Judg
ment further legislation Is necessary, that they
recommend such additional enactments as will
enable them to speedily and effectively estab
lish such a free market as the producers and
shippers desire.
George C. Roeding of Fresno, who Is
leading authority 01 the Smyrna fig in
California, read an Interesting paper on
"Account of Work of the Blastonhaga or
Capri Fig Insect in Fertilizing the Smyr
na Fig. He described his experiments
In an able and technical manner, and
exhibited several of the Capri fig Insects.
The committee on the president's ad
dress made the following report, which
was unanimously adopted:
So much of the address as relates to the
question of fruit distribution la of vital Inter
est to the growers throughout the St.it..- and
merits the most careful consideration of the
convention. Matter* have, since the address so
read, been Incidentally discussed before the
convention, and we recommend that m much
<■. the address as relates to that subject be
referred to the standing committee on mar
keting.
The question as to Insect pests and Investiga
tion touching predacious Insects* and parasites
so ably discussed In the address is one of great
Interest to the frult-growera of the State and
should rjrcelve earnest consideration and In
telligent action on the part of this convention.
The work of the State Board of Horticulture
In the suppression of Insect pruts is especially
commanded to the attention of the California
fruit-growers. Producers of do other State in
the Union or of an) other country in the world
have made the progress In the destruction of
thesff rests a? has the State of California.
The appropriations suggested on the part •■(
our State legislature (should be urged, not
only by this convention but by all local socle
ties organized In behalf of the fruit-growers
through the State.
Regarding tnexi adulteration, we would re
commend that this iiiu-stlon, than which there
can be none more Important, be referred to tho
legislative committee to devise a plan »o that
the Influence of the fruit-growers of this Stats
may be wifely directed and i.. effective.
Your committee d»!»lres to emphasize the im
portanc* of the president's recommendation
that Congress be urged to adopt prompt meas
ures looking to the preservation of our forests
nnd the protection of our water sheds.
The committee heartily concurs in the closing
recommendation of th. president, and in con
formity therewith offer the following resolu
tion, rf suggested by the president.
"Resolved, That our member? In Congress
be re.iueM*d to present and act and labor for
its itdoptlon. setting nslde from settlement for
homes, nil mountain lands unoccupied In the
Bl itp/rf California, and restrict the devastation
caused by prospecting for mineral and minimi
purposes."
County Commissioner Ehrhorn of Santi
Clara gave a short talk on peach tree
1! eases
Alexander Gordon of Fresno discussed
the vlnehopper. He had successfully !
combated the vlnehopper by spreading
alfalfa hay in his vineyard
The almond Industry was discussed.
After many votes of thanks the meeting
adjourned.
The committee to arrange for the con
vention called for January 15 mot thin
afternoon and organized by electtnt S.
P. Banders chairman and A Barstow sec
retary. An executive committee will be
named from those residing In this city,
whose duty It shall b« to make all ar
rangements. The committee will also
sena out the address of Mr. Kearney that
was ordered printed.
Root has recommended commutation of
the death sentence Imposed by court-m.ir
tial upon <"orp..ral I >anij>hofter and rwo
other soldiers .if the Washington Volun
teer Regiment who were convicted of
assaulting Filipino women. The commuta
tion rrcr>mm<iided is lmpri^or ment for
twenty years. In making this recomm»n
datlon Secretary of wnr Root states *pe
(ideally that he is satisfied of the legality
of the orieinal sentences, alth'>ugt
had Im-^ti <aJled into question by military
laws ■
More Soldiers for Manila.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.- The War De
partment lias arranged to senri about 1000
recruits to Manila to fill the regiments
which are running short on s»ccouru of
..oath, disease and discharge. Th.- steam
er Surnner Is being transformed into a
troopship i:t Norfolk and will h^ used for
tho transportation of these recruit! wno
J.r.- n.0%- helng congregat.-l at l'.,rt SiO-
Transports Reach Manila.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.-General Otl«
notified the War Department to-day that
the transports Clt y, of Sydney and Pathan
with the Forty-sixth Infantry Volun
teers arrived at Manila this morning No
casualties are reported »»•«■»»*>•
JOHN D. SPRECKELS
GUEST AT A DINNER
Senator Perkins Entertains Califor
nia's Republican National
Committeeman.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.-Senator Per
kins of California gave an elaborate din
ner at the Metropolitan Club to-night In
honor of John I) Sprockets of San Fran"
.omco. who Is here in attendance upon the
meeting of the National Republican Corn-
a Many rllstln«rui!.hed guests were, present
among them being Spoaker R&nd«S
S'-nator F,,«.ter of Washington senator
s«i°a n tlvL Or r KO ." >aII the California Repr^
flentatUes in Congress, Captain M J
Danle 9 of the California Citrus Growers 1
Association. J. B. Van Antwern i f
Paulln. Edward 8. Little C^' C^rlt^n
and James F. English. Carlton
The table was ornamented with La
France roses and the boutonnlereg were
carnations Speech making MnduTged
In. each of Senator Perkins* guests belnc
called upon to respond. Between th«
speeches there were songs, and naturally
enough. Speaker Henderson, following hU
well-known proclivities, led in the chorus
It was midnight before the gixeVts OI d 8;
Bill for a New Charleston.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. -Representa
tive Elliott of South Carolina to-day In
troduced a bill for the building of a new
cruiser to be named the Charleston to
take the place of the cruiser of that name
recently lost Jn the Philippine. Knox of
Massachusetts Introduced a bill for civil
government in Ala-ska.
Miner's Sudden Death.
PI.ACERVILLE. Dec. 15-Thomas Mr-
Manus, a pioneer resident of this county
dropped dead this afternoon in his claim
near Spanish Flat. McManus was one of
the oldest miners on the North Side
Death was due to heart disease.
BEECHAM'S
FOR ALL 1 I hi »*—
BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS;
™™ A 2 ACHE ' ) and ( IMPAIRED DIGESTION,
wpa S ??tKh C£! ndred ] DISORDERED LIVER and
WEAK STOMACH, ) Diseases ( FEMALE AILMENTS.
Bold everywhere, in boxes, at 10 cenu and 25 cento each. Annual sale orer 6,000.000 boxes.
PHILADELPHIA GETS
THE BIG CONVENTION
Republicans to Meet in the Quaker
City on June 19 to Name a
National Ticket,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15 -The National
; Republican Convention will convene at
! Philadelphia on Tuesday, June 19 next.
The place and date were decided upon by
: the National Republican Commit- to
day after a friendly contest for the honor
of entertaining the convention between
the city selected, Chicago. St. Louis ard
New York. The meeting of the committee
was held at the Arlington Hotel and was
presided over by Senator Hanna. the
I chairman of the committee. Forty-three
I Of the forty-rive States and each of the
i six Territories were represented. Senator
Foraker. proxy for Charles L. Kurtz, the
I national commltteeman from Ohio, and
Senator Wolcott, proxy for J. F. Saunders
of Colorado, being the only absentees. In
addition to the committee many of the
leaders of the Republican party were In
; attendance.
The proceedings throughout were enthu
j siastic and harmonious, every speech that
: was made emphasizing the fact that Prc3.
, Idem MeKinlcy would berenomlnated and
that the convention would be in effect
simply a ratification meeting.
The claims of the rival cities were pre
sented by distinguished citizens of each
In open session. The balloting occurred
in the afternoon behind closed doors.
Upon the first ballot Philadelphia received
13 votes, Chicago 20, New York 7 and St.
; Louis 9. On the second ballot the contest
narrowed down to Philadelphia and Chi
cago, the New York votes went fo Pnlla
delphla and the St. Louis vote was split
between the City of Brotherly Love and
the Windy City of the Lakes.
An amusing Incident occurred In connec
tion with this ballot. After it was con
cluded and announced a* Philadelphia 26
and Chicago 23 T. N. Jamie ton the na
tional commltteeman from Illinois, sud
denly discovered that In the excitement
be had forgotten to vote. He demanded
that the vote should he recast, and this
was accordingly done, but it ill I not
change the result. Chicago gaining only
the vote of the committe*!man from Illi
nois. Philadelphia won by the narrow
margin of only one vote.
Immediately after the announcement
the Quaker City boomers, who had been
waiting in the lobby, broke out In ringing
cheers, and th*» hotel was soon given up
to their jubilation. Later many of them
went to the White House and called upon
the President.
As the ballot was secret there Is no rec
ord of the city for which each committee
man voted, It was th« desire of the lead
ers at the meeting to-day 'hat the conven
tion should be held on June 12. and that
date would have been selected had it not
been that It conflicted with the date of
the Rhode Island elections. June 5 was
then selected; but the date was reconsid
ered and changed to the 10th. in the hope
and belief that fore that date Congress
will have adjourned.
During the meeting of the committee
Cyrus Leland of Kansas offered the fol
McKINLEY COMES
IN FOR CENSURE
Civil Service League's
Resolutions.
Special tMspetch to Th» Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Dec. 15.— At the
business session of the National Civil
Service League to-day all the old officers
were re-elected and resolutions, which
were In part M follows, wore adopted:
The league reKurds th« order Issued by th*
President on the r.'th day of May last withdraw*
In; several thousand places from the classified
service and nullifying th« rules intended to
prevent evasion of the law as the first unmU
lakable backward step taken by * Federal ad
ministration since the civil service law was
parsed. The Injurious effects of, this order hava
already been se*n In the demoralization of
many Darts of the Federal service, In the en
couragement of the enemies of reform In their
efforts to cripple the merit system and secure a
further relaxation of the rules and In the wide
spread distrust of the promise* of the Presi
dent and the party In power to enforce and
r-xv li.l the civil service law.
We also regret that the President has not jet
fulfilled the assurances given by him to a
commlttf-e of the league of his Intention to In
clude In th» cla«t>ln«-d service a much larger
number of places thin those withdrawn, but on
the contrary he ha* Included none whatever.
We venture to hope that such extensions may
be yet made at no distant day.
We ask Congress to remove the legislative
restriction ui>on the consolidation of post
offices to the end that the department may
apply the merit system to minor offices wher
ever practicable by making them branches of
larger offices and filling them from the cleri
cal force therein.
The withdrawal of fourth-class r-^stmaster
shipt from patronage would afford a most for
inM.it.l* blow at the remaining- bulwarks of the
(polls tsyotem.
The leaguo rejoices In the substantial
progress made In civil service reform In
the State of New York by the passing of
an effective reform law, and heartily
commends Governor Roosevelt for his dis
tinguished public service In aiding to re
store the merit system, which had been
seriously impaired by his predecessor Th
league expresses Its satisfaction at th©
action of Governor Wolcott of Massa
chusetts In extending th*' classified serv
ice and resisting the Insidious attempt
made to cripple the merit system In that
State, and declares:
We confidently rely on public opinion to pro
mote the extension of the merit system to all
brauchea of our national. State and municipal
gm-rnment
HAWAIIAN RACE IS
FASTJJISAPPEARING
HONOLULU, Dec The number of
deaths in this city during eleven months of
this year Is an Increase of 40 per cent over
the number during the year when cholera
visited the Islands and an Increase of no
less than bO per cent over the figures for
the year following, which was Just after
the city Lad been given a thorough clean
ing. Statistics show that the principal in
crease Is among the native Htwalians
and the Japanese. As there are no recent
census figures upon which to compute a
death rate It Is Impossible to compare
death rates, but physicians think that the
growth Of population Is not enough to ac
count for the Increase In deaths. " The na
tive population is decreasing, yet there
will be 626 deaths during !899 if the rate
keeps up, while In no year since 18*9 has
there been more than 461. This reems to
confirm the Idea that the natives are dy
ing out.
The Japanese population has Increased
enormously, so that an Increase in the
deaths might have been expected. There
is a K reat Increase In the deaths among
the Chinese and Portuguese a* veil but
strangely enough, the white population
lhT%£? OlUtlOn ' Whlch "«t over under
Whereaj, Th*
State* pr
apportioned among the tmrll StWt! Übe
ins to their reiKctlvc numW r .« * tg?°s't g?°s'
whots number of persons of *,A <?.'?* th *
eluding Indian, not ta»-,j. hV ;l n h: * t '- «"
to vote at any electlr,,, f ,, r Vh- < \ V . rl , ¥ht
i tor. for President un-1 Vice It- ' :: ' !7 VV l T
| United State*. Uepresentatl-.,.,. I
i executive ard Judicial offices !,{ ' Ji'
the members of th#» L*»i»in', •_ .' "
ll* denied to any of the n;al ii h'-Tt tV-/'' U .
»ueh State. being .'l years of *«.!
1 of the United States, or la any \J* tl ; t '; | l ;V", i
except for participation la r«b-»Ul -n ,-,';.»'.
crime, the basis of representation therein
be reduced in the rroi-.rtlon which th, Taan
ber of such male cltlxens iha!l b»a- ta nH
whole number of male cltlier.s n
in such State.
Resolved, That th* Republican N .
Committee respectfully petition* Com
reduce the representation In th» v
Representatives of th» Cuiurresi -.'. tho
States In any State which has tn tnm
"denying to any of th« mul<? lnhr»!.: , ,
"In any way abridging the right t.» v
provided in laid section of th« conatlteu n
After the tin.- and place ha.l b« n
lected the committee considers! briefly
rerjuest from Delaware that the c mi
tee take some action to straight. •.
the factional fight in that State t.. i
two contesting delegations from I
sent. The committee decided that It fa
no Jurisdiction.
After the Delaware cas«» had been «!; .
pn-.-ii of the chairman was a';t ;-.:•.• ■ .
appoint a subcommittee of five to nriK
arrangements for the convention, also .i
committee of three to prepare and dis
tribute literature. Chairman Hanna and
Secretary Dick were made cx-ofticlo met:;.
bera of all subcommittees.
Messrs. Manley of Maine, Long of Flor
ida and Simon •>? Oregon were appointed a
subcommittee 1 to consider the election of
delegates In the District of Columbia.
Adjournment n
rrow, wh« •
changii'K t f
will be brotight
:» ..'dock to-morrow morning tl
•
respects to him In a I
Payne Resolution Abandoned.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— The Payne
resolution for the reapportlonment of del
egates to the National Republican Con
vention on the basis of the Republican
vote cast In the States and Territories will
not be pressed at thi9 meeting of the Na
tional Committee.
Up to last night Mr. Payne had fully In
tended to offer the resolution to-morrow
and to urge Its adoption, but after a con
ference with the President at the Whlt«
House to-night, nt which Secretary Dick
and Governor Nash of Ohio were present,
he decided to abandon the effort to have
It acted on at this met ting Much oppo
sition had developed to the proposed
change, and the conclusion was reached
that it was inexpedient to push the mat
ter at this time.
does not nhcw such a state of affairs
According to the fig', for eleven
months there will he tifry-six dearhs
among whites during this year. La.* 1 year
there were seventy-seven and in sevctal
previous years the figures have gone over
thirty, while the population has undoubt
edly grown very much. From these fig
ures it appears that the whites are do'.nff
better In Honolulu as regards health than
either natives. Japanese. Chinese or Por
tuguese. The manner of living may have
something to do with this, and an ai;!»;i
tton has been started for • thorough
cleansing of the rity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sour Stomach,
Heartburn,
Flatulency,
Nausea,
HUDY AN CURES
I \Ui^ ) £' r- r^s?-- t hudta.v
==^.-7 •" I - »"'"■ "« :~~: ~~ .prom pt \y
/EfSV/--? -** ?a^= r j ore r comts
h:jr- -'. ,= : - »ny wi»k.
f^yTi^« -;?^= . "*»« of th«
. * »l^m».rh. an.l
f=?*sV 5' v-Ui'.i-s^i^ stimulating
Igllfafi l*ivt' I th * 1 1 tt I •
&£>-*' Hands cam*.
'/vCTi 4- v/^ Julce< « hat
iff* ■--" LA ■
l^j n^—7 *■ - i //i v•r»l o n of
, >>T— CiK- V i ' f» o d into
nil "I / / f^/'O t's, *«" ton «» ">»»«
.//• if [jL ( /,X&L''4t£?? \ llttI * 1 fland*
v *r/Jy r /\<&£i^ ) v»»ity of th^
\-~^.y,]i h . -
/ %^^f/ r 4 T^^^ HI'DTAS
„ Drspeptla,
I Nervoat Djrwpwpila. Simple Ir!';.-i - Chmnlc
Indlgrstlon and Catarrh of the St<<murh. IIUD-
YAN prevent* Canrer of the Stcmach anj Ul-
v •ration of Stomach.
The numb, dexcrtb* the »mk po'nts when
*tomach U out of onl»r. HL'DTAN brlnga
prompt relief.
lI'I'YAN* cure* palpitation of the heart, con-
fu»tnn of mind. «le«pleiiiineta. <lii»in^»». i-.-.t «.
a< h-«, sallow complexion or paleness. emnc!a>
tlnn. loan of appetite, lo«a of itrcnirth a:. ' con-
atlpatloo.
HIIiYAN Is th» b»<<t remedr in th!» w*r?>l for
•urh condition*, becaua* It cure* permanently.
fi^T HlinVlV From ' our •"■■« Me a
U-I 11LUIA.1 parkace. oU packace* for
12 50. If your <!ni««lv do*s not keep It. send di-
rect to the HL'DTAN RrMFOTro . cor. Stork-
ton. Ellis and Market it* . San Francisco, Cat.
You may consult Hudyan doc-
tors about your cane- Free of
charge. Call or write.
\S visit OR JORDAN'S orcatJ
{museum OF anatomy!
i IC!IJU3«T3T br. e-i*^i :• Ci. i
\ '-f Tk« L*r^',i AiutonucaJ Minna in ib« T
ST a<Vt*v Wortd - w *»«:■<?'"• of *n* r, rtrj -f.< 4
L. IRm «»:**»«• »*U«I«»I/ car*4)< r thfi,ljni T
• fSal &p«cullucsta«Co«u. Ettjftyean. O
ffSCst or. Jordan-private" diseases
V 4 jbVn Trtitncni p«r«an4!ly n by lv:-r A A
!FO»I * J *'' * r *»»«»«'yc*»«uaJena*en. \
I XSWB IMlMti p«rv A A
I 7'jl **».»!•• (W«in ncrjrununlrrj.tj. T
aril 11 A *'rh«for Book. rniLoturovd A
T 1 j Il'I 1 ' UHNIUir, M.ILkB »«L». <Af
A & (1 »«lu*bl« book tot (Ora) \
f Da Jo It DA M A «'«> . 1051 Market Ht.B. F. ¥
ALL Servou* /H»*^o^-»aiiin,i M-m-
or;. blMKil«««n«M, >U.. UIMd br OT«r-
work and ladiseretioa*. T»»y t*i*klu
antS tmrrltt rf«tor« Lo«t Vlulttj la ol 1
or roanx.and fit a ma for atadr. bu»»-
Mm or ploasara. J>n*«Bt Io«aj»:t» an l
Ooaanrnptloa If takea la tin*. ™«<*
OMsltowiimmadiato liupro*«m«ot aou eifocta CUniS
whxra all ottMra fail. Itttu apoo bating Uwi«aalM
AJax TaW«t«. Thf h V? nTmi '.boo JtaA» and will
ears yoa. W««it« a p»,i'tf« wrltun Bnarant^ to .f.
hrtteawlnwehciMor refund the mon-» Prlo*
50 CtS ** r p "i ka fA or •'* Wki|M |fuli trmZ
UU Lli. mentj for ««i.fi b 7b 7 wall. loplalA *ntl«t
Dpon r««*lpt ofpric-. Clrcnfara f re« * "™«« i
AJAX REMEDY CO..»?.Ss«*«j«b«,
For sale In S. F. by Lelpnlta A Co""^fo Ptr-
centacc Prut Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. i*.. OaaVd.
NEW WESTERN MOTEL.
|{E.\RNV AND UasMl.N«;t >N ST3 -HE- <*
■■ modeled and renovated. KINO \V ion ii
CO. European plan. Rooms. Me »o tl Uj daj*
J.-. 0 l ? J we * k: wto »> mont »>. Free b".h.- hoi
and cold water every room: fire f rat«a in «'v«ry
room; elevator runs all nUJit. ■ "* *** ryELABORATE DECORATIONS
FOR THE GOLDEN JUBILEE
Streets of San Jose to Be Decked in Kvergreens
and Lighted With Thousands of Vari-
Colored Electric Lights.
■ |
■ ■
■
Juirped to His Death.
•
Oil Stock Sold.
BAKERSFIKI.D. Dec. 15.-J. J. Mark,
cashier of the Hank of H.-tkersiield. re
rn-irto the 5al«» of 4>\<w> shares of Thlrty
ihr<^» <»n Company to v San Franclvco
capitalist for CSOO.G"X The land on which
thin company is operating Is on the pouth
nui cjusuier section of the Kern River
district. It contain? three paying well*.
Extensive development work on the land
Ik now to begin. This work is to »»e done
by the Imperial OH anil i. •:.■! Company,
which retains a controlling* interest in
Thlny-thre*- Company.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A TRYING J&Rk
POSsTSON Mj%IM
"My position !» .i v^^***— _-^
trying .one* was tlie ( i*«*Jxs2r
joking- remark . "sjßr
model of a fdii'^'s'^'^&^^t^.
fashionable 'y>s- iadlr\
there is less /f^//^^^* r^ [ f**.}
lie rea< liir./ and fcz£^*^'''£?*tff
stooping hour SJL
after hour from I *~ZV~~-*-''>X*'a}&\
ri or n until " juJtt^l Vm**^\\
night. And that I V :Z> "' 1 /f ?/-%>'\\
is a very meager '/ V »v^l\
outline of a bi:si- " *
nev» woman's day. With many such
women the ordinary strain of lalx>r is
intensified and aggravated by a diseased
condition of the delicate organs, and
they become victims of that terrible
tiackache, or blinding headache, which
is so common among business women.
If you are bearing this burden, l>ear
it no longer. For the liackache, head-
ache, nervousness and weakness which
spring from a diseased condition of the
womanly organs there is a sure cure
in Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
Half a million women have been per-
fectly and permanently cured by this
wonderful medicine.
"My niece was troubled with female
weakness for arout four years before I
asked for your advice." writes Ml J. Y.\
McGregor." of 6rd St. and Princeton Aye.,
Chicago. IIK " You advised her to take
Dr. PicrcrV Favorite Prescription which
fihe did faithfully for nine months, and now
we must acknowledce to you that she is
a urll ZHMtan. We cannot thank you
enough for the cure.* ?
Sick women can consult Dr. Pierce by
letter free. Address, Buffalo, N. Y.
WHY,
Use a Welsbach Light!
of course.
And always use a Welsbach
Mantle — no other gives one-tenth
the service. Try one — it'll make
the imitations look expensive.
Th« Genuine Civet Tr»<>
Satitf action. In WELSBACH
Sealed Bex Bearing Marie
ALL DEALERS
Jtrvnrr nf Cun'rrfril UanlUl and '.rap
tmltatt 'H ■••■ j-ui i.
— — |*w-n Harmless
PH ROuQ """■■""' Efficient
■ roVuli V • -Toilet Requisite.
COMPLEXION ***** tVkes'the
WUrlrUkAiwn . . • O n« and take* the
tWo TINTS P ", C * po rri eri •: .
FLESHY SoH by *" *"«'««.
PHROSO Ntt ra or tont b y matl « P OTt
XmaYcAL paid - pric « 50 cents -
J Send for free sample.
th»» Santa*. Clara Pioneers' Society. Th«"
matter of ♦ inert ainment Is in tin- hands i
<>t Mrs. E. O. Smith and the reception |
committee Ik headed by lira B. D. Mur
phy. Th«*s«* industrious worker* .ii
enough to Ruarantee the Buccess of any
movement!
The iirnirraninio of events is an unusu
ally interesting one The flr»1 day opens
with a reproduction of the Inauguration
of stut-lxioil In this <lty. thf tlrst capital
•if the t^t:itp. Wednesday ther«- is a ,?ran<i
sir««-t iiuriidr. fnl!(iwffl by a &raml ...ill
In tti.- i'ourthouse in the evenliiK. The
n«-xt <la>' is ilevoted to Spanish sports.
The I'ioiWers and Native Suns of the « ity
are k< ing to kt-ou oi>» n house, and visi
tors will be royally treated.
A light battery <*f artillery will be to
to participate in the celebration and pio
n<-.-r s»ocities are o«)minß from all over tne
■ State.
Small redwood trees nre J>«-liik put in
plan* along the principal streets, and a
force of i-ieotririuns are ready to begin
SEARCH FOR A
MISSING WIFE
.
No Trace of Mrs. Gan
non Has Been Found.
♦
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
T.OS ANGELES, Dec. 15— Eugene Gan
non, a postal clerk on the run between
Los Angeles and Albuquerque. Is minus a
.vlfe. who disappeared a year ago under
w>culiar circumstances near Philadelphia
»n route to a visit among her kindred.
Fhe couple were married In this city two
rears ago. after a courtship of six months
luring their residence In a private board
ng-houxe. Kittle was known of Mrs. Qan
non and she said less regarding her past
history. She dressed in widow* weed-.
avis decidedly handsome, of beautiful fig
ure and T. years of age.
Since her departure detectives have
scoured the'-Eastern cities for the missing
woman and the reports the husband has
received demonstrate that what lit tl«- in
formation sh- vouchsafed regarding her
self has not agreed with other statements.
Qonnbn says she was last seen on a train
going from Washington. D. C, to New
York, and from the moment she stepped
ui«>n the soil of Greater New York her
whereabouts remained an enigma. A let
ter written bile on the train Is the last
Gannon has heard of his wife.
Gannon ftlll swears constancy to the
missing wife but is willing to forego all
claims to her if she will Inform him that
he Is no longer the object of her love.
Gannon admits '.hat when his wife left
she took several hundred dollars that had
been saved from his salary.
M, DANIEL'S STORY
Says He Left Claire Fitch Before 11
C'Clock.
POHTI.AXn. Or.. Dec. 15.-Testimony
U\ the trial of Prank McDanlel for the
mimJiT of Claire Fitch In all in and ar
gument by counsel will begin to-morrow
morning The principal witness in the
trial to-day was the defendant^ who told
the story <»f his visit to Cycle Park with
t.'lalre Fitch and described the routa
taken, both coming j;ii<l p«lni?. and
whom they met. as well as he could
rcm<>nil»er; u>l«l of standing fifteen
or twenty minutes on the corner of
East Hlxth and Hoyt Btreetn; of their
separation; of bis having heard the town
clock strike 11. and of his reaching home
and going to bed about 11:30. He said
that <»n parting with Claire he called her
bark aft«-r she had gone a step or two
to ask for a latchkey she hud which he
wanted to use., and then they parted
again, she starting toward hone, he go-
In*; in another direction, and that he did
not fi-e her at all after she. was two or
three Mej.s away from him. He did not
lni»k an>und to see when* s - he went. He
also stated that before i>nrtiiiK they made
an encasement for the next Sunday.
The prosecution Introduced a number
of witnesses In rebuttal. M. F. Culver
testifying that l' 1. Gee. who yesterday
swore that he Baw ".!■ 1 ».i:ii- 1 and Claire
Fitch on the corner of Kast Sixth and
Hoyt streets on the MIL-ht of the murder,
had told him I hat he knew nothing about
the case. The uroseeutinn also called
four members of the Grand Jury which
Indicted McDanlel. A.I 1 Morpe. at
whose house Mr Daniel lived, yesterday
testified that he heard McDanlel come
homo about 11:30 p. m. on the night of the
trnuedy.
The Grand Jurymen ■ tilled that when
Morso was IWoro them he stated posi
tively that he heard nothing after he
went to bed that night nt 9 o'clock ex
cept the creaking of the stairs once.
Weinstock Case Dismissed.
PLACKRVILLE. Dec. 15— The com
plaint recently tiled by John E. Sexton of
this city, in the Justice Court at Diamond
Springs, a small town near here, charging
H. Weinstock. of the firm of Welnstock
A: Lubin of Sacramento, with a felony In
violating section 317 of 'he Penal Code In
advertising in his annual catalogue an ar
ticle the sale of which is prohibited by
law was this afternoon dismissed on mo
tion of District Attorney Darlington. The
District Attorney stated to the court that
after a careful Investigation of the case
he did not believe that tln-re was sufficient
evidence to secure .< conviction a.nd that
It would l>e impossible to prove any guilty
Intent upon the part of Defendant Wein
stock.
___ m
Pn account of the t#me neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17. NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
THE SAN FT* AN CISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1899.
handing thousands of vari-colored electric
lamps that are to Illuminate the principal
streets. Prom the top of the courthouse
a 30,000 candle-power searchlight is to cast
its rays about the valley.
The ladies have completed plans for
decorating the two Superior Court rooms,
where the grand ball is to be held Tues
day night, and open house maintained the
rest of the jubilee. The whole building is
to be decorated with bunting, evergreens
and Christmas berries.
The first advance of the jubilee crowd
will arrive Sunday night, and will consist
of an excursion of pioneers from the Bast.
It is thought 30.000 visitors will come to
the Jubilee and the railroad has made
preparations to handle large crowds The
representation of th« first State Capitol
is completed anil Is being stocked with
relics of pioneer da] Societies and
schools are hard at work on the floats.
The jubilee promises to be the greatest
nrtion ever held in Santa Clara
Count*.
RAIN FALLS IN
MANY SECTIONS
•
Precipitation Is Greater
Than Last Year.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACI RVILJ B. Dec. 15.— The heaviest
storm that has occurred within the past
ten years has been raging here for me
past thirty hours. Nearly two Inches of
rain fell In this city In eight hours to
day. The rainfall for the season to date
Is "2.05 Inches, us against 3.4' i Inches to the
name date last year.
STOCKTON, Dec 15.— Since last evening
.53 o? an Inch of rain has fallen here, and
the storm Is not over. Reports from the
country about Sonora are to the effect
that the fall to date this season Is about
16 im-hes. or four times what it was at
this time last year. The rain is proving
quite a detriment at this time to farmers
on the black laiids. as it prevents plowing^
KARA? Dee. ;;. -The rain continues The
precipitation for ill.- twenty-four hours
ending at 7 a. in. was .SO of an Inch, and
for the season 10.27 Inches.
SANTA BARBARA. Dei 13.— Rain he
Kan falling litre early this morning and
has continued during the day. The moiM
ure was badly needed in this county
MILTON.. Dec. 15.— The heaviest storm
of the season Is prevailing Jure to-dny.
The wind has approached a Rale in veloc
ity since yesterday evening and rain has
fallen heavily at Intervals. Practically no
seeding has been done In this vicinity.
Rain commenced Falling so early In the
season and has fallen so continuously
that not even summer - .i How Iris been
seeded, and ranchers are becoming de
pressed at the outlook. To-day's storm Is
so severe thd all the heavy freight teams
plying between here and Angels are "hung
up" and mountain roads ■■•• becoming im
passable in places. Streams are risipg
rapidly atid overflows are looked for at
almost any time.
KINO CITY. Dec. 13.— it commenced
raining lightly hen yesterday morning
and has continue! at Intervals t.i this
evening At !i o'clock this evening about
.CO of an inch had been precipitated. The
fall for the season Is 3.50 inches. The
weather Is warm and vegetation is grow
ing rapidly. Reports from Jolon. Bitter
water and Peach Tree valleys indicate
that the rain is genera] in this section
SAN Mli ST'EL, Deo. 15.— 1t commenced
raining about dark yesterday, and up to 7
o'clock this morning .41 of an Inch had
fallen, making for the season a total of
Z.t& inches. Green feed was never better
at this time of the year. Farmers are
sowing all available land and prospects
never seemed better for a bountiful crop
MONTEREY; Dec 13.— This section was
visited but night by the highest wind of
the present season as an accompaniment
to the rainstorm of the week. At times
the wind became almost a pale and con
siderable d. imago was done to unprotected
plants and smnll trees. Unusually heavy
seas were seen on the opposite side of
Monterey Bay and outside the heads, but
the heavy wind did not get Into the har
bor. The wind continue* very high and
damage to small shipping hereabouts, as
well as to coastwise steamers, is feared
If the gnle it.., not abate.
Difficult to Identify.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 15.— Three
years ago Charles A. Webber of RedJaads
forged checks on Superintendent Vlzetti
Of the Santa Fe lino eating houses and
disappeared, and his whereabouts was
unknown until Sheriff Rouse was notifl?d
by the Santa Barbara Sheriff that he hud
Webber hi Jail serving ■ term for petty
larceny. When the term expired he was
brought here and Identification attempted
A half dozen men to-day recognized Web
ber, laying there could be no mistake, but
Webber's deserted wife faced the prisoner
nnd denied him positively as to color of
eyes, height and shape of forehead. He
won a full beard, but offered to be shaved
to a mustache, as Webber wore, to give
Mrs. Webber all chance, but she denied
I him. saying positively he was not Webber.
Acquaintances who knew Webber at Red
lands intimately are equally positive il-at
It IS he. The man gives his name as
Wilson and claims San Francisco as his
home, where he says he has a son attend
ing school He has Immense nerve and !s
never caught off his guard. The sin riff
will probably release him.
♦
Detained by the Plague.
HONOLULU. Dec. B.— The British
steamer Carmarthenshire lias arrived
hero from Japan with only 250 Immigrants
on board, the other 400 who had been
booked to come on her bavins bean pre
vented leaving owing; to the outbreak of
the plague at Kobe. There m no sick
ness among those on the- Carmarthon
shire. *
» ♦ ■
Artists' Outfits.
PyrogTaphy, oil color and water color
outfits put up In nice boxes for Christmas
presents. Skins, wood -and leather arti
cles for burning. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
TWO KENTUCKIANS
IN A WORDY WAR
Exchange Compliments
in the House.
WHEELER AND BERRY CLASH
GOVERNORSHIP FIGHT BOBS UP
IN CONGRESS.
Goebelite and Anti-Goebelite Take
Occasion to Denounce Each Other
During the Financial
Debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 13.— closing
day of the general debate on the financial
bill proved to be one of exceptional inter
est. At the outset a ■harp personal col
loquy occurred between Representative*
Wheeler and Berry, of Kentucky, both
Democrats, over tha. recent Kentucky
election and the charges growing out of
it. Wheeler secured recognition to ques
tion statements made by lierry yesterday
as to corruption in the recent Kentucky
campaign.
"1 regret the necessity of having to
■ wash our dirty linen of Kentucky on the
Boor of the Mouse,' said Wheeler, "but I
do not propose that our people shall be
maligned and slandered without a. word
of protest. '
Berry »at a few seats ahead of Wheeler
and the latter addressed himself person*
ally to his colleague. Wheeler declared
that Berry iepresented neither Kentucky
nor her people and that the people of his
district woiiitl speedily rebuke him by re
tiring him to private life. The election of
Taylor he asserted, had been bought and
paid lor. with .1 railroad on one side and
the plain people on the other. Hut
despite this, he said, Governor Goebel
would yet We seated.
"Yes. I use the word advisedly," pro
ceeded \V heeler, referring to his character
ization Ot Goebel as Qo\ ernor, "for before
the bud* burst <■!) any tree In Kentucky
be will be Us chief executive and he will
have routed that nefarious guns who won
their certificate of election i>y corruption,
timid and rascality."
Wheeler closed by declaring emphatic
ally that Taylor had not been elected,
th.it he had secured by Irregular methods
a certificate of election; but when the
calcium light of the courts was turned
on this proceeding li would be William
Qoebel who would be seated In the execu
tive chair.
(■.ii.in.-l H<-rry was quickly on his feet
as Wheeler closed and responded savage
ly, personally and with much feeling He
said the speech just heard was typical of
the Intolerance of thai Kentucky element
which did not br«*ok any freedom of opin
ion, He did not need the Influence of the
gentleman or his backers. Four times
he had been sent here and he would re
turn again. Shaking his linger at Wheeler
Berry exclaimed: "You are cringing at
the feet of Goebel, and 1 tell you that
your scalp •- taken now by Qoebel."
Whm reference was made to the irreg
ularity of :he Louisville convention
Wheeler sought to Intel nipt, l"it Berry
waved him off. declaring thai the gentle
man had participated in the disorder and
had stood up and yelled down op|>ositton
with policemen about him.
Wheeler interjected H flat contradiction
of this but. not heeding Interruptions,
Colonel' Berry proceeded In hi liery re
sponse, declining that Wheeler was as
bad as Goebel himself.
Wheeler gained a minute to rep de
fending the regularity of the Ixjuitnille.
convention and saying that only a few
thugs and ti.uKhs were excluded. The
tension over the affair was relieved at
this point by a point of order from Kep
resentative Cox of Tennessee.
"What Is the point of order? asked the
chairman. ' '■'.'■ . ■ ■
•I object to having this Kentucky side
show thrust into a tinunclul debate." said
Cox gravely, to the education of the He
publican side. This caused a laugh and
he heal of the exchange between the two
Kentucky gentlemen was dispelled.
Broslus of I'ennsylvanla spoke in favor
of the bill. BroaluH declared that no
Date in American history would shine
with greater splendor through the cen
turies than that Which tells how this ii:t
ii. hi preserved Its honor, maintained its
credit and kept its money good.
(•iv..ii. i of Tennessee spoke against the
I.HI Williams of Mississippi arraigned the
Republican side for inconsistency, and
urged that it was possible by legislative
enactment to maintain a ratio between
the metals Boerlnj? of Kentucky denied
that the election of Taylor In Kentucky
\v;is due to fraud, and said the strongest
refutation of i he charge was the fact that
the election was held under the Ooebel
law framed by the Democratic candidate.
" Bailey of Texas received dose attention
from both sides when he sj>oke. He said
a remarkable spectacle was presented by
the debate on this bill. He recalled that
when In the Fifty-fourth Congress Towne
asserted that the Republican party had
never declared tor the gold standard, the
Congressional Record showed that he was
Interrupted by man} Republicans with the
exclamation:
■•And It never will.
Bailey said the Republican •- was bo
busy studying the trend of events that it
had not time to study the science of
■ money While the first section of this
' bill purports to establish the gold stand
! ard the law of 1875 fixed the gold dollar
! -is the unit of value. This bill was. there
fore simply a re-enactment i"M forward
; to make people believe something new and
i wise was being done.
I Immediately following Bailey <- m.> the
I statement of Scudder (Dem.) of New
••As - Democrat I favor the single gold
standard and will vote for this bill."
The debate closed with a short sp«>c<*n
by Morris •>■ Minnesota In support >< the
I bill after which, at 5 o'clock, the House
recessed until S p. m.
': =
UNITED VERDE CASE.
Permanent Injunction Asked For to
Restrain the Sale.
NEW YORK, Dec 15.— 1n the Supreme
Court to-day Judge Gfldersteeve hoard
arßumontP "ii the motion to make perma
nent an Injunction to restrain the sale of
th«» I'nlted Verde Copper Company, the
mines and nneltera of which corporation
;ir<' at J«'rom«-. Arizona. The action was
Institutod by Oooreo A. Treadwell. who
owns i".< ■" out of rjK).OOO shares. William A.
Clark. United States Senator from Mon
tana and his family holding 344,000 shares.
The purpose of the proposed sale Is to
abandon the company's New Jersey char
ter and effect a reorganisation under ■
West Virginia charter. Judge QHdersleeve
took the papers and reserved his decision.
PEERLESS
OIL COMPANY
OFFERS EXCELLENT INDUCEMENTS TO
INVESTORS OF SMALL MEANS,
Our property Is the B. E. '« of Sec. 31, Tp. IS
8.. It. 28 E. (160 ACRES PATENTED). in
HERN RIVER DISTRICT,
i Four mllra north from Hakerntleld. '
ALREADY THERE ARE
FOURTEEN IMPORTANT WELLS.
In our Immediate vicinity, and there are
WO DRY HOLES IN THE DISTRICT.
Tr^rlos* \\>ll NO. 1
Is Down 235 Feet,
■• \J \r
And without doubt we will strike the oil be-
fore rrachlnK the depth of r.O feet.
We have not yet advanced our price above
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
CALL FOR PROSPECTUS. MAP & REPORTS.
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS:
JOHN M. WRIGHT. Pre»ldent.
Hon. JACOB H. NEFF. Vice-president.
H. C. PARK. Secretary.
Hon. JAMES G. MAGUIRE. Director.
R. W. HART. Director.
OFFICE. ROOM 47, EIGHTH FLOOR. MILLS
I BUILDING. SAN FRANCISCO.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
A TACOMA MAN'S
HORRIBLE CRIME
Adam Crist Kills His Wife and
One Son and Wounds
a Second Child.
TACOMA. Dec 15.— Adam Crist to-day deliberately shot % his wife fata My.
killed his *-year-old son, seriously wounded a second son ■■*• <1 3 years, :i id
then ended the tragedy by putting a bullet through his own brain. Jeal
ousy is the only motive assigned for the crime.
Crist was the proprietor of the Chicago lodglng-hous?. ll' returned
this morning from a six month"' business trip to Spokane and wan at the hotel
during the forenoon, apparently in 'lie best of health and spirits. At 2 o'clock In
the afternoon he went to a Pacific avenue pawnbroker and purchased two revol
vers. He stopped a few doors away .it a drugstore and bought 23 cents" worth of
vitriol, lie must have proceeded directly home, for the shooting occurred only
a few minutes later.
Crist was In the kitchen of the lotel, on the second floor. wtMB hi* wife •vas
called ;o th*- head of the stairs to talk to a peddler. After an Interval of a few
minute? be sent the younger child to ask her to come to the kitchen. Immedl-Ue
|y afterw.ird four shots were tired, all of which were found to have taken effect
In her body. Crist then turned the revolver on the little boy and wounded him in
the leg, but the child managed to crawl down the stairs and escape. The woman
staggered to the sidewalk and Crist went Into the hall, where he caught the
8-year-old boy. There are no wltneases to this part of the tragedy, but from the
position of the body he must have held the lad close to him while he put a bul
let through bis heart.
A .:•»-• allt.er bullet through his own head followed and both bodies fell to th«
floor, still clasped in each other's arms.
MARIN INVADED
BY PANTHERS
Party Organized to Kill
the Animals.
Fiwlal Dlxpatch to Th* Call.
TIBITRON. Dec. 15.— Two large speci
m. us of the ferocious panther tribe which
have been responsible of late tor numer
ous depredations In the northern part of
Marin County— not even stopping at mak
ing attacks on human beings, as wit
nessed In a recent Incident near Camp
Taylor have visited the southern part of
the county, and for ten days have kept
the residents of the mountain region
around here and Xl Campo In ■ state of
terror. A number of old hunters tried to
hunt the dangerous beasts down yester
day and again this morning, but without
any success.
For several days a number of dairymen
leasing portions of the Lyford ranch have
been annoyed by finding calves killed and
partly eaten, footprints in the vicinity
■bowing the work to be that of California
lions, as they ure commonly called. Last
Monday J. Jucobson saw one of the beasts
in the "hills above Xi Campo, and hastily
beat a retreat, as he had no weapon but
a shotgun loaded with buckshot. On the
following day Henry Mersey perceived
the two panther*, a male and a female,
together back ot Hlfarlta station. Consid
erable alarm was manifested by the more
timid residents at these discoveries, but
affairs reached a focus yesterday, when v
Portuguese dairyman witnessed the kill-
Ing of a tine call and could do nothing to
prevent it. He came to town and reported
his loss, whereupon a posse sallied forth,
but found when they reached the spot
that both beasts had disappeared 'after
eating a good part of the slaughtered ani
mal
Next Sunday Albert Smith, "boss"
painter of the Donahue line, will head a
party that mean.-* to trail the two danger
ous panthers to their lair by means of
rleerhounds and there make short work of
them. Those who will go with Smith are:
C Almv. George Donahue. J. Jacobson,
Henry Hersey and George Oollomore.
Coyotes have also been numerous In this
region of late, and as many as five have
been >■••< n In a pack. Their depredations
have so far been confined to poultry.
Glee Club Tour.
BTANFORD LNIVERSITT, I>^<-. 15-
The Stanford Glee and Mandolin dubs
tin- university n>-\i Thursday :■■!
their huiiii.-iI holiday tour. The Itinerary
Includes S:m Jose, S;ui laiis OMspo, Santa
Barbara, Lot Angeles, San Diego, River
side, Redlands, Pomona and th»- larK.-r
towns of the San Joaquin Valley. The
Glee Club Is composed of the foiiowinK
men: First tenors, Riley, Dawson.Gay and
Frlsselle; second tenors, Mann, Dopr.
Hardy and Forbes; flrsl bass, Drake. Bd
Gilman, Corbusler, Whlttaker; second
i-arkin. Thompson. Po« und P, k
Gilman.
g The fabric, the shape, the style, AJuZw)^ n
H the finish and the make-up of these
I ten fabric, the shape, the style, /^- /H f M yhll^^/tp^X
the finish and the make-up of these
ten dollar tailor- /rl^fT /|\
I made overcoats Ah jl 1 1& m:j \
9 and suits j\ : i |' I '" ; ; »i|
g anu suiis /j-i« !■ m 1!m 1 ! iiHp. Jrf^w
B stamp them as values full worthy iaf ■ , !|J ' , ,j jr IJr
M Through close buying of cloth \l| [|l •Jif^^^j^fi I
Mwe have put $15 worth of goodness 1 1|| j/ J^^ il| Q
into them. Jlj " \\ I
| Samples given to anybody who |:|;; jlj ,;j :j )!■ ]|. ill |
B asks for them. '':ij ; jl ,;.',,. |jl| |j |
M If you don't live here, write or J|| | ]jl|u: |I| i
I sample book No. 2. \M Ij j ( i| |j| p' \ H). |
IS. N. WOOD & CO. . if I I
B IS Market Street and 111 (■ I
£ Corner Powell and Eddy. W ■ |
? IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL, *
V SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17. •
i christmastide IN I
1 BELEAGUERED PRETORIA:
? By DR. FREDERICK W. DEVELYN. Whr Wis With the British *
£5 Arroy During the famous 104 Day Siege of S
£ Pretoria by the Boers. r
WORKING FOR A
BETTER LIBRARY
Movement Started in
Redwood City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD < ITV. D*»c. 15.— A move
ment hi "ii fool at Mil- place which if
canted to a successful termination will
give Redwood City one of the lineal pub
lic libraries of any city of Its *lzf In the
State. Ten year.- aajo .i number of literary
Inclined citizens formed the Redwood City
Library Association, purchased books and
other rending mutter and rented quarters.
The library w;i.-< thrown ••!»«■" lo th«
public, hl)i> lia>l the privilege of using It.
t)iii a MiiaH iiiinu.il fee waa charged for
the I'fU ll»-Kf <if lakiti*; OUt I
The association i>««- been k>-i'i in »-xl-<t
ence <i"wi> to the preseni day, and from
time t<i tlnif new l»ick-< have been addvtl,
iiniii there »re now about BUM volun
thH sUelves. All <>f ih«* leading ma|
and ilif <i;iii> papen ire la be found
there
The directors, together with some "?
thf leading citizen* •■• th»- .iiv. hu\»
latel) unaertaki n to i . • tha
.ill. in and ;iv\.ik. n i
ii^ behalf. A number of meeting" nave
been held recentlj and various committees
appointed.
One "t the flrsl steps t,ik»-M was t<> ln
crease th«- annual <lw»-s from Ji to $J :m>l
i<» solicit in« members. A commltt< •
appointed t"i the latter purpose and In
one week'« inn* Increased tli»- membership
bi 108, and it i> thought that t>v the
■if the year another hundred .it least will
■ % n added.
A committee w.i> appointed to >;■> I
Francluro and purchajw S3SU wortn 'if new
i>...iks. and it succeeded in getting
r-xi-fIU-tit r»-ii.lltiK initit.-r. p;irt .if which
has ;iir»-aiiy arrived
Another committee has been appointed
-•■r ;:rni bet ter qua
which It Is thought vkill b- done •■■
th»- rlrst of t he I
it I- the ln!»"iti«>Ti ..f the dire* t.ir- I ■
Iteep the asmx latlon running with t( ■
i>- .j\.-.i fr«.iu membeni until th* at •
levy Is made *nd then to i»sk the ■
of Trustees <>f th^ city t" lei y a suftlctftit
tax to <i|>frat» i It ainl tlir.»w it npt-n to all
th«- cltisens wh'i naj desire to mak<
of It fr»*p of charge
Those uhci ar.- taking especial Ii
in the matter are B i ' ::..iM-rt
Brown, Dr .) I. Ross, i P Behrens, <;
il Rice, Jnnif-* Van Court, li>-\ Mr.
Maai RV Mr Martin. Mr Rositeter. Mr.
Pierson, A. Klncald, P P. Chamberlain,
Mrs*. Baunders, Mi** Stewart and M -
McVenn.
Another niff-tiiin will i>p h«-UI next Toes<
<lay niKht t.. take further action In t>-h.iif
«>f the association.
Numa Droz Dead.
BERNE. Switzerland, Dec
Numa Droz. the distlnculal
• • -m;u: and former President <>r th»
confederation, died to-day la hi* iirty
siX!)l •
ADVERTISEMENT*.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
. — OP THE—
Hibernia Savings »Loan Society
MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
of th« Mat* U>irlslature. passed March 23.
1533. and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California. r»pre-
•enteij in Senate and Assembly, do enact a*
follows:
Section 1. The ra«hler or Secretary of every
Savlnirs Hank. Savings and I<oarr Society an I
every Institution In which deposits of money
are made und interrftt paid thereon, shall,
within fifteen days aftrr the Ist day of De-
cember. In the >e»r one thou*an<l elitht hun-
dred and nlnety-thrre. and within fifteen day*
of the l»t day of December of each and »v«ry
second surceedlnc yeur thereafter, return t'»
the lioard of Itank Commlxslonem a sworn
statement, showlntr the amount standtna; la hi*
credit, the last known place of residence or
j-..>«t..fMr- al !r--.. an<l the fact of death. If
known to said rushlrr or secretary, of «vtry
depositor who shall not have made a deposit
therein, or withdrawn therefrom any part of
his deposit, or any jmtt .if the Interest therein,
for the period of nmre th«tn trn years next pre-
ceding: and the cashier* and secretaries of such
savings bank.*. -.i\lrn<t and loan societies and
Institutions fur deposit of savlnK* shall Klv* no-
tice ol them* tlrp« alta In one or mure newspa-
per* published in or nearest to the city, city
and cuunty or town where such hanks ar« situ-
ated at least once a week for four successive
weeks, the cost of such publications to b« paid
pro rain out of said um'lalntei) deposits; pro-
vided, however, that this act shall not apply
to or affe<-t the deposits made by or In th«
nnme of any person known t > the said cashier
or secretary to be llvtnir. any deposit which,
with the accumulation tnereon. snalt be less
than fifty dollar*.
.-"•<■'. inii !. T!i- Board of Rank Commtaalnnera
•hull Incorporate In their aubaequenl report
each return which ahall have been m» 1» to
them, aa provided In Section 1 of this act.
Section 3 Any abler or aerretary of either
of the bankln< Institution* mentioned In •ac-
tion 1 of this Art nrglertlnir or refusing to mak«
the aworn atatement required >>> aald Bectlon 1
■ hall l»- arullty of a misdemeanor.
In « ■. .Tl.in. >- with the forerolnc the follow*
Ins; statement In submitted, an appears from
our book* at tli* ri. -•-■.. on th« lat
day of DmaAtr, A. U IMI la wit:
Name. .VI.:- Amount.
An. lent.. Andrew. Sin Kijm.ib. ■>. Cat.. ISJI 13
k«tr .ii. I. I 131' tfteuart »t . 8. K. 133 M
Il«ri>-t' Milton Bod!*, Cal j.:« -»
r.iiit.«Mr-l. Jnhn San 1-rari. m. .. Cat.. 1. "''•*■ ;<; <
Bishop. William. ...Tukelet ■» II
M.iii«.<i»-t. Aifr-.'.... \\ iii.i-.t llotei,o.K. IX7 Tl
Kraily. John 149 K«laum at.. U.K.. 34<> H
Hra.ly. P. F Sun Francisco, Cal.. 21* Wl
liramlun. l'utrl>'k..iu>ln»>nt. N-v :.*?■*
lirysun. Mary TSI Iteile at.. 8. F.. I* 17
liuikr. Ann H3 Htxtn at.. & F... S3 93
Elm. i.i. Hotel,
ith at , 8 r
-■■':. II I •• I .
ltr.-a.iway at.. &F. M «
<•ur.lrti.ia. Jennie. ..M»nlo Turk. San
Malm <•■> . t'al O M
Carroll. Catherine. San Fram-li«»-o. ••»! *» 74
fin"! l-'i. (£ugene..San Matro <".... Cal. .'••> J»
Claffey. John -.• Franrlsoo. CaL. IS I XI
Clarkaon. William. (illr-i Cul C 3 45
Close. NtUto Pta*xu lions*. H.F.. m «7
<'..|i-m.«ii. .!. In Corner Kln>t anj
I" ■-:>•■ in at*., S. r.. 41* B
rolling s! a ry No ntldrea* tat*
I'unnellj . Mary 1..|.1y .iii.l J«ne«
■U, H. X Ml »*
Connelly. Mtrhael...^ Minna •!.. S. X.. »1 "7
• •urlwtt. IU«-har.l....T». > son. Arl4 CIVi <W
rntnff, Jmnn J'a !!»<• »t., f- X Ml "*
l-ult i.. K.tiiu»ii<J.....N.>vHrru. M<-n.l.»«l-
n» ••».. r»l tl »'»
l>aly. Maria Sun Kranrlno*. I'al.. «i 17
I»mvlh. Annie IS! Sixth at., tf. X... VbVt
Ivlanry. Stephen. .San Krunrlwo, Cal.. 119 •'
iN-trult. < harl»-!»... Sun Krmnctaoo, o'al.. l> -'1
l 'in .ii Mar> San Pram i- ■ "'al.. 11l I'J
IHinoii TII "" lb »- l ' l i-..., l n"«.. iT: mn
- i
I«>herty. Mary S*n Joaw. «. # al K> ?»
I*>nahu*.Mrr\>n J.S:«n Mateo, «'al ICA'O
iMinrlitli. l > atrl. i K...N>» «.IJr<-»i. (t: V.
l>,nl .in. IVtrr Bltxadway ami San-
som* at.. S. X. .... 132 0»
Donovan. Jerry. ...Out-I.le Mlaslon.H K. U) tl
|i..1...\a:i. John 4l!»St<-Veri*>n »t..S t ..U «.-
iMifTv. \\ llli . Sun fmnritcci. '*' • «•» IV.
l>un»fur<l. John.... U'>war<l at . bet 6tt»
and Cth atn.. a. X.. U H
KtlwanJii. I-'la O.
and Mabel I- fM-
».i'!» i-TT^i Sterenson at.. ...
Sun Francisco CO Jj
Edward*.Tlii)maaM.Sati Mateu. fal "1 4>»
l-'lv AKn** *■ --. Fruni'laco, Cal.. 1M *2
Kniinyf Carrie 15 Ueli^n \'\ . J«. F.. 47 i 3
Kuiißhne>.V\tlllarn.orUnd. «*olua» Co..
cai m:« :<
KlanlKan. James. ..N(» addrt-M ......... 1"& J»
Plynn. John I'utrvr... s. JVCaI. W»M
KoMrr. Jam^n \\ ..Care Frank ■•■ *11.
Wtrkhani. X• •■
n .
Fra>we Henry Kern Co.. Cal 1.10 M
»:alney.KlUa»"-IhMMI Fourth at.. ». V. U il
Octajoa! William.. .I'hllailelphU Hoiiae.
San Franclacu !•• ?•
(ilfTord. I»avld K...San Frumlaco. Cat.. ZO li
Oould, J»hn What Cheer Houae. I
y KIl/rfl'-thMUI X
n. \\ -1111.1111. .Fhlla<Mi > i! -
Mil Kranrlsci. 11* *»
Graham. Jam-* ..Tru< *■■ Cal JJ7 C.
lirren Mary Kureka. Nev A-i M
Ilan^'n. .•hrUtlun.a.Wa-hlnKton at SK JM h;
Harris, rtlleic «« l i ►*•«! «•. »• >- ';? •<
Hoill^ey. Jamr»..V.Xo •fdrw. .".»..•. g g
n. nrv Anne * I'olk at., f. r.... I.J w
l\ ll e B Vlon. l^tr.Vk...l* Natoma at 8. Y. 1.1T! i%
H UK an. Thomas.... Steamer JV11.an..... II- ..
lan.-- •
1i. ,1.. 1nn Jatiws»....**an Frani-l»oi». Cal.. !»J .-'
ward.MuryT.lMiran.l Hotel. * V MM
IIHl"T' William. .Sat. Kr.ncUco. CaL. 4uH «
Hyland. J-.hn A. ...N0 n-Mnraj «■•
J.ttr. C.othtlde AX-. 4 p p £
J,haniVn.J.Vh l in...lWFol^m at.. H F. ICo :^J
i »,„.,,„ lani«... .San Franolnco. Cal. SU Jl
johS A!i™rt.::.M s« 7 . r | t .t.. s. »•: Ai
K^er-!:::::^ SffiS^g
Ke« JanV BIJ Howard at.. B.F. M O
KrJrnafn lkVnarJ..l!u«h -»l. ll'f*. S«. F. 1W 13
k »•» Aim* 8.. liwiWyn. Oal t«i <»i
I^wU. Margaret... r!d "and Folsom'iti.:
I^n-Kir-sn^i^'fiS::: 4;S
Patrick IgM* p Ho-,.
t « n^h Thomai t-> Howard at.. H.F. K7 a I
i'von-' John ..... '*7 Mission at.. S. F. K3 73
t&. Ham. Salmon «-reek v Men-
w: •»
M.hoß.John St^ I^U.;' Sierra . tTJ
Mnhoner Mary San Franetaco, Cal.. D 3 U
Manchen" Flla «» Kearny at.. H. F. tZ7 7i>
*Snn lVenJ.r"ln...l<J'.hoClty. Idaho 5.7^12
Mell> Henry » Natoma at. ». F.. l«i 07
Ml'ler ■'Henry \V...San Franrlsco. < mi.. 13 «
Moloney «;arre,t...l'..K-he Nev ,„ „
Morkan. Michael. ..No addreaa ».-.» 4.
M v»d Mu*?. r.M.t.San Jo 3 e. C.I MM
Mumhy Mtrhael...Sacromento. Cal. . 1.1 XI 44
Murray.' Catherine. S7^ Greenwich at..
Murray John Uavlsvllle, Cal , S3) »4
Me "r*He Edward.. Hamilton J.UI 77
Mrcau ey. Henry ..K«ai Canyon. Nor.. UI«
MrUonaK* »'• J...-»<an Franclaco. ; .•■• 5 43
M.-Kurnan owen. ..San Franclaoo. Cal.. 1.9 M M
WB^ 1 ? rsr^w^ss
aye.. P. F 1C 21
McNulty. J«me«.../What Cheer lloui.,
S. •*••.••■•>••••••••• *21 II
ilcl * hall - c " uo Kis!»«K i5 ! »« \T o-k" tj la
i^ili.^^.rS? "jactaon "01
Nleison. ->vi I>llpjnc Bt> s r 4TJ w
t..hn w: Dntaan - U oi
.Nlllson. Peter «ark Free Trade.... 79 ■
NiKSon. Ceorre S.
(•» minor) 51^ Facramento at..
Norton. Thomat....»ii Wgto'iZlkT. Ill [«
Blien. L>enl» »'"« nt lteye». Ca1.... 1M 4^
O'Connor. Maria. ...Mil MlMlon at-.S.F. HI S»
O'l^ary. Johanna. .Tomb«ton<f. Aril 7*l •>
tfNVll JnseDh 1« Sanwime St., W.F. M «1
O- Neili. Ann P IS Clara at H. F. . . 475 12
O'Neill Mnry Alameda I'olnt. Cal.. .3 07
• Vflellly KlUHbeth.74l Harrison »t..8.F. »7 M
OHellly. Kurene... Central Hotel. 8. F. JO M
Helrce. Mary Jane.. No address 13 »
"■..."" r r. Kmplr- Hotel. 8. F. U.IC3 14
PotW Wll'lsm '• -r. Sacr-x r> •
Bar- W i\
Power*. Nellie 5« Stockton at..B.F. 71 71
Pratt. Annl- A 2« Laurel place. B.F. 771 f.i
llaffer" Peter Sacramento. Ca1..... I. it
KeynnldK. Michael. \jc* Angles. C1a1.... 171 II
Klchter. Otto 12 Turk at.. 8. F w 57
Kobinson. Kllen.... Valencia at., bet.
17th and Ivh. I F. Si IT
Robinson. Mary, or
Cheater Ariel
Griffin (a minor). California are.
S. F 153 Vt
Griffin (a minor.. S». F li 3 «
Eamuelaon. Edwin. 1£ Howard at.. 8. F. Ui 23
Sheehan. C fmatllla. Or W7 «v.
Sheeh.in. John 315 Itryant »t.. S. F. ISS 43
Silva. I'edroAnton Idaho 92 07
Sllvera. Mnnuel I. ll« Jarkson at-. 9.T. •"• 17
Soarea. Antonio P.. Mlllbrae. Cal S3 33
Stewardt. Henry. ...Ship Dublin 1.4.2 U
Stewart. lion* Pan Franclaco. Cal.. m;
Sullivan. Patrick. ..l 2 EUhth at.. 8. F.. 0» 31
Sullivan. Timothy.. Han Francisco. Cal.. 21. C.
Taffe. Mary Fifth »t.. north of
Natoma. 8. F 3M 6
Taylor. ■William. ...lo Sacramento at ..
SI
ThirKler. Janett#...Pa'n Franciaco. Cal.. 71 2*
Toftmann. Hana N 41? rU»t at.. 8. F.... M .J
Tracy Kdward « Whitman pi.. S. F. « li
Tracy! Ellen 31 Husa at.. S. F 117 it
Trfmble Jane Iffl Folsom at.. H. F. as il
Turley. Catherlne.-Ca.- *r*
Whlppev. Dm. F...Palt I-ake Clty.Utah 951 10
WhnV. Jam " C M r i., ll o n t '"«_ V" 1 «. ,7
Whittle. John "---SS^ Sk W7 n
Wllllama. Wllllain.San Franclaco. Cal.. ii 71
Total tn.JM»
State of California. City and County of llan
I'do'aoiemnly «wear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained In th<» for»-
jro'.rir itaumcnt. and that every allecatlon.
Statement, matter and thlnK therein contain* I
la true to the bent nf my knowledce and belief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subacrlbed and aworn to befora me thlJ 7th
day of i— VTk-VT urns, »m m
In and for th« city and County of Saa Fran-
clxo. State of California,
34
BOXER PARKER WINS
IN THE NINTH ROUND
Has Rufe Turner in Trouble After Three
Rounds of Fast Fighting- Cole Loses
to Richie on a Foul.
\f in PARTvEH, the l>ox*r. made goo.l
X laM night at Woodward* Pavilion
* \ * statement be utt«*r«*d upon his ar
rival from the Hast come weeks
fine* At that time he naid he had not
traveled y*X) mile* to h* whipped by a
negTo. He whlpi^d Rufe Turner, the col
ored lightweight of Stockton. Jn nine
rounds*, but «w unabl* to put him out.
Try us he might for the hint fix rounds
to land a blow which would prove effec
tive, he was not fable to do »-o. He banged
Turner about the ring " "promiscuous-!! ke."
cuffing: him on head and body, but could
not deprive him of hl» sense*. In his
dtesslnc room after the bout Parker be
wailed the showing he had made, claim
ing he should have won in four round*.
He exhibited a bandaged ankle a- one
cause for not fighting up to hi* Denver
form.
The crowd took exception to some of his
bloms which landed low on the body. It
was on* of th«**e delivered In the third
round which teemed to tnki* much of the
Jaum!ne«.s nut <'f Turiu-rs movements
and left him. practically, a beaten man.
The first a:id second rounds were all Tur
ner" *.
When the electric pong Font the men to
gether the i'.rst tlm<» they sjinrred at long
range, each feinting to draw the other*
fire. Turner wa». ih»« :!m to try leading
with hits left, but wan short. Parker then
tried to work the colored man Into .1 er
ror, but after dn!r.g so let him slip oat
again without damage. Turner then land
ed a light right on the head and followed
it with another on the body.
Parker landed his left, but received In
return a Miff jab wh'.ch made him h>ok ,
rertous. Turner agnln land**] right and
left without Inflicting any damage. Park
er Jabb«d lightly with hl» left, n.lss^l at
the pecond attempt and took a right and
left In return. Turner apparently thought
be saw an advantage an-i peppered I'ark
er with heavy rights, which seamed to
daze the Denver man. He was a little
wobbly on hl« feet when the gong sound- ■
c-d the end of the round.
The second round provided a whirlwind
of fighting. The honi»r» still being on the
aide of Turner. Parker raised his guard '
t>> protect his h*ad. for which his oppo- '
n<>nt wan aiming. Turner van the first to •
lrad. landing a right which . encircled
Parker a r.eclt and fallowing It with a stiff
right and left. Hoth men landed their ,
rights In a sharp exchange and as they
broke away Parker lauded another right
on the body. 1
WRECK OF A
RUNAWAY TRAIN
»
Three Men Killed and
One Injured.
♦
Spe<-Ul r>!*patrh to The OUT.
LEWIBTON. Idaho. Dec 15.— Piled up at
the bottom of K^ndiick Hill, on the
Northern I'ncllio branch, are two ergjne«
and nineteen earn loaded with steeL Ir,
houses near by are the dead bodies of En-
Fin>-« r* Arthur E. Bain *nd John A. Og
<Jen. Fireman Earl DraJshaw and IJr&ku
man A. Budge, all of Spokane, and the fa
tally Injured body of Jvhn Peterman, also
of Spokane.
The trrtln was an extra, with a load of
steel for the Northern Pacific extension.
Tlj© raJls were covered with Ice and snow,
a:.d in descending the long grade leading
Into K«*!.drick the train got from the con
trol of th<» trainmen and daj.he<} madly
down thr steep grade, about " o'clock this
evening, on.- and a half nill^s fact of
Kendnck four curs were ditched and the
track torn up for a yuaxter of a mile.
When the r<--t ol the flying train struck
the yards the ♦•ngln»'s and all the cars
»»rr ditched and completely w^tclced. and
the track here was torn up fur ?"> yards.
Wrecki!;g train* have b< en sent from Spo
kane and Lmtntoa.
LIABILITIES STRETCH
INTO THE MILLIONS
John F. Squire Meatpacking Corpo
ration of New York Makes an
Alignment.
I'.OSTON. n. c. n.-The John S. Squir*. fie
Company corporation and allied compa
nies, In ih»* meat and provision
and meat-p:ickii:g business, assigntd to
day. The llatillities are estimated at T-V
C>V).(X»O and the o>-*.>tK *t Js.«f <o.ty«), the Kit
ter including ■ r^-er;t appraisal of thr
plants ut Kast Cambridge and SomervJH*
at t2/"".'>'«). Ti\f company was Inoor
jwrated Jn 3M <r . ;.:.<'. has a paid up capit.il
of PJftWJWft. the HiKk l#Hrig largely hfld
In the Squire family.
The creditor* are banks for the mo«t
rari. th- «lot«« National Hank or this < i:>
being one of the heaviest. Other lioston
I- •■: X - an- lnvoive<l to mime extent. Lut
the indebtftinese is largely outside of Flow
ton. dlvld«-d for the most part • among
banks in the New Krtgland States, in
which the Squire Company has branch
Ktorc*. The estate of the lute John I*.
Squire is not involved in any way .n the
efslrnment.
»
IN THE SENATE.
WASHINGTON. I>ec. 15.— 800n after tne
Senate convened to-day, on motion oi
Hale it wu!« agreed to adjourn from to
day until next Monday.
Atdrich Of Khode Island presented a spe
cial order lixlr.g the ?tan<ilnc committed
and their i»«-r*onnel of the Set, ate of me
Fifty-clxth Congrosn. Th<* order ras
adopted without Olxscnt. a statement !•«••
Ing made by Corkrell of Missouri t!:a.t
such vacancies an existed in the minority
representation would be filled at an -early
date.
l>:i\iK of Minnesota hecured the pampas*!
of a resolution requesting the Secretary
of Btate to transmit to thi> Senate the
reports if Hon. Hartlett Trlpp.' Satnoan
Commissioner, on affairs In Samo*.
Tlllxnat) h:id panned A resolution railing
upon the Secretary of Wnr to. submit a
•urvey and estimate of the com for the
Improvement of the (treat I'e.edee River,
South Carolina, between Oheraw and the
Wilmington. Columbia and Augusta. Rail
road bridge. -if-
The Senate at 12:42 went Into •.■■iCvc
■>— lo> aod at 1:20 adjourned until Men
dar.
Smelter in the South.
I.OS ANGELES, Dec. 15.-The Anker
Metallurgical and Furnace Company has
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
BIGGEST SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY.
] To offset this Turner caught Parker
with a left on the head. In the next
moment Turner landed on© of the most
t-ftVctive blows of the fight. He caught
1 Purktr flush on the face as the Denver
■ boxer came toward him and again had
: .Mm In apparent distress. He then went
at Parker, fhowerlr.g blows on him. but
i could not reach a vulnerable point. The
: mon were at it hammer and tongs when
the gong sounds. The spectators were
all on th-lr feet, yelling Mko madmen. The
boxers did not l.«-ar the slgT.aJ that the
round had ended and had to be dragged
to their corners by their seconds.
In the third round Parker began tr.<»
tactics which won him the fight. He
. Jal'lwd Turii-r re peaf-diy, throwing back
the colored man's head each time with
such a jsn.ip that It *e*med It must come
<rr. ThN worried Turner, as he seervd
unable to c*t away from It. He claimed
in hi* drf-!<Mr.!?-room afterward that Pir-
Jc«t hit >.Sm low in this round and hurt
him. All through the third round Pariter
had a !« a<3.
Parker -.ras on the aggressive 5n tne i
fourth and went after his man viciously !
Turner *as the first to land, sending in
■ right and taking nne In return. Parkor
was crow ling him and got a nght In the
fare for his pains. Karh missed several :
opportunity, when Turm-r made amends
by knocking Parker to his knef»
He thought ho had Parker on the run i
and w»>nt nt him pavairely. landing at will !
on thr. Denv»rite. Park.-r held on an-i hit
In t^^• rilnchefl. for which he was hiFscd '■
i>Y i. ■■- spectator*. Turner had him on the :
vercc of collapse when the round ended.
This was tho turning point In the flpht
1 mm this time forward Parker Improved
while Turner lost all th*" rpe«>d h.« had"
previously ?h«Tvn. His Ir'.lliant A<-Ui.*»
vanished nnd Parker. Jabbed him at will
All the lion In Parker was amused and
he contested even' Inch of tho way. Tur
ner made one uesperate stand, landing a !
light on the body which sounded through
out the big amj-hltheatcr. Park<r rougl.ej
It with Turner. »*uoh landing blows which
made them sropgry. As the fifth roun<'
•"nd»-d Turner wa.« helpless on the ropes
but try i,f he would ... could not
musu-r up the etrtngth with which to
stop him.
In the sixth Parker continued the tab
bing, and Turn.-r gay.? out premonitory
signs that he hid had enough. Parker
landed right and left without return, and !
Tumor was almost helpless. He went
down from a light blow and was loth t-.
get up. When he did s> he could not hold
up his hands. His strength was pone, and
ho was soon wrestled to the floor again. \
its new smelter In tbla city nearly ready
to handle ore. The company Is Incorpor
ated for rwo.y'O. This is the first smelter
In S.-.uthern f'aJlfornia. The manager.
Joseph Anker. Is the Inventor of a
process for using crude petroleum !ii
smelting, which he claims cheapens the
process at lea-*t 33 per cent
Dredping Delayed.
PAN JOSE. Dec. 15— Under the terms
( of the contract work of dredging AlrUo
Channel should have commenced yester
day. No dredger appeared and had not
arrived this morning. The contract may
b<» forfeited. No reason Is known here
this morning for the delay.
AN ALASKAN HOME.
I How the Family Gathers Aft?r the
Day's Work Is Over.
An Alaskan hut is not tho worst place
In the world— far from It. Its Interior con-
Fists of a Mjuare Moor of earth flanked on
all sides by two wide ledges rising one
I above the other like- a terrace. On the low
er one rest the cooking, weaving and fish
ing utensils, the knives and needles, pots
and pans. On the upper ledge, with much
display of wonderfully woven . blankets,
ure the beds. In the centtr of the room
glows the lire, the smoke groping its way
out of a hole In the rojf. After the days
work is done and the stomachs of both
! people and dogs are full the family gath
i ers around the 2lre. Facing the door slu
the father, next to him the mother; on
one hanu the sons, and on the other tho
! daughters, even to the third and fourth
generations. It may be. lU-yond these are
the servants or p laves. Each has his place
| and takes it as a matter of course. With
out, in the darkness, the dogs clutter
I about the door and howl. The mysterious
i and Implacable sea ke»ps up It? thunder.
I The snow-capped mountains, with their
! Illimitable glaciers, lie Just beyond. The
! shafts of the Northern Lights dart
through the sky. .-.■ the harpoons of v
Titan, with incredible relerlty. Is It
sUange that, amid Fcent-s so "wild and
ftarful. superstitions, also wild and fear
ful, spring Into existence? Or can one be
surprised that in an unlettered country
the story tellers are of mighty power, and
toll tal-s that affright the "children till
they scramble to the safe shelter of their
mothers arms? When the family sings
In strunge. broken, yet rhythmical meas
ures, the dogs howl louder than before,
and tho women sway their squat 1....;i>s
back and forth unceasingly, keeping their
hands occupied meanwhile at their ta--ks
of weaving or braiding. Ihe men carve
their spoons or cut curious figures from
i the black i-late. Th- suitor for the hand
of one of the daughter* enters slyly and
takes a seat with the sons. No "protest
Is made. The father and mother go on
with their little tasks, tho voting girls
giggle after the fashion of girls the world
over. And the suitor, thus unrepulsed
contents himself, thinking hi* case won.
The oldest among them chants some old
folk song, and the father rises. It is the
signal for good-nights. The ashes are
spread over the fire, and by the light of
a few fishes' tall", dried for the lighting,
the fnmlly goes to bed. forgetful of crash
ing bergs, of the mysterious aurora, of
the mountains where the snow lies for
ever and always. £•< la home made any
where. wh»re the. spirit of home exists —
Self-Culture.
. ♦ ■ .—. —
Three Wives in One Picture.
Copley, the irtlst and father of the
future Lord Lyndhurrt, once had a
singular exiH>ri«nc*». A rich citizen of
Rrlstol who had married a second
wife, instructed him to paint a fam
ily group of himself, wife and their seven
1 children. ' When Jt was done the gentle
man remarked that it wanted one thing
more, and that was a portrait of his first
wife. "But." said the artist, "she is dead
you know. What can I do? Sh« can only
be admits] as an angel." "Not at all,
said the other, "she must come in as a
woman; no ■ ■••1* for me." So the tlrst
wife was added to the group. While
however, the picture remained In the
studio, the citizen returned one day with
a strange woman on his arm. "I must
have ati"; cast of your hand. Mr. Cop
ley." said he "An an i.lent befell my sec
ond wife; this Is my third, and she Is come
to have her likeness included in the
group." The painter compiled, and all
three spouses appeared In the picture.—
London Echo.
An Innocent Critic.
Governor Roosevelt la always glad of a
laugh. A short time ago he employed an
opportunity and paid for It. The Incident
happened while he was visiting Cornell
I nlverslty during a convention. The stu
dent*, glad of a chance to display their
enthusiasm, entertained the Governor
at one of the fraternity houses. Just as
he was about to leave one of his Btaff
said to him:
. "Governor, the boys have the founda
tion of a capita! library and I think they
would appreciate a copy of your 'Rough
Ri«l< r*.' .
"All right, boys." Bald the Governor
heartily. 'Til be glad to send you a copy
with my compliments. The book would
be bin a small return for your hospltal-
Whereupon one of the students broke
In excitedly:
"Thafs so. Governor. I've read it."
' * '
Latest detail* to band regarding a ter
rible earthquake shock experienced In
Aeia Minor show that at one center alone
I(*vs houses and Fhnps were destroyed
while hundreds of lives were lost
THE SAN FBANCI6CO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899.
PARKER JABS TURNER UNTIL THE LATTER IS DEFEATED.
Parker's strength was waning and he
could not take advantage of his oppo
ner.t'B weakness. Turner went down
again falling on his back in Parker cor
ner. He apparently wanted to stay down,
but the cries of the spectators had the
effect of making him Mand up.
Parker continued jabbing with his left
hjvnd. and whenever Turner could do so he
clinched to avoid punishment. Parker
threw all his weight on Turner when he
had an opportunity. Turner was on the
floor when tie gong signaled the end of
the seventh round.
Parker hanged him about in the eighth.
the colored man taking all the blows and
returning none. Turr.er fell In his own
corner near the end of the round and
wanted to stay down. The cries of his
seconds and of the spectators urged him
to continue, and ho lasted out the round.
The end came in the ninth. Purker beat
a tattoo on Turner's bcnly nd Turner
suddenly went down, clutching his side
after the fashion set by Richie In the pre
liminary bout. He whs counted out rap
idly, being on his feet almost as the ten
fateful seconds were counted off. Referee
Jordan awarded the bout to Parker. The
latter was npparently just tint Into a
lighting mood. a.« he wanted to whip bis
seconds and every other man In the ting.
The preliminary bout between Willie
Coß* of this city and Clarence Richie of
St. Louis was an unsatisfactory affair. It
ended abruptly In the second round when
Richie suddenly fell on his back after a
tiinch In Cole's corner. He writhed about
EPILEPTIC SETS
HIMSELF AFIRE
♦ —
The Accident May Cost
Dr. Sharp His Life.
»■» ■ .
Special Dlcpatch to The Can.
LODI, Dec. Attracted by moans and
the funv * of oil and burning flesh Dr.
Mason an : Professor Wotten burst into
the dental parlors of Dr. A. F. Sharp yes
terday afternoon. The room was dense
with smoke and In the center of the of
fice lay the senseless body of Dr. Shnrp
by the side of an overturned coal oil
Etove. His clothing was burned from Ins
body.
The fire was extinguished and medical
aid given the unfortunate dentist, lie
was badly burned from the waist to the
feet. Hia back, hands .r,.l wrists were
tlso badly burned. The lower limbs were
almost cooked and the skin fell away as
the Bbredj of clothing were removed.
The attending physicians give out but
little hope for his recovery. It Is supposed
that Dr. Hl.itip fell in an epileptic fit
and upset the stove, causing the terrible
accident he being afflicted with that dis
ease. He came here about a year ago
from M-indota, 111., where ne has rela
tive
Toilet Articles.
One perfumery,
mirrors In c-llulnid
with ■■•.■:::■.£ silver mountings.
:- for .-i lady
Ifarkei street •
The Obelisk in Danger.
one of the chief attractions of Central
Park, In the Cltv of New York, Is the
Egyptian obelisk erected opposite the
Metropolitan Museum of Art. This an
cltnt monolith was erected in Central
Park in ISM. having been transported
from Alexandria, under charge of Lieu
tenant Commander Qorringe. It was as
serted that the severity of our climate
would cause (integration, and steps were
taken to prevent this, or to reduce it to
a minimum. A careful examination made
recently proves that in spite of the care
tak»:n to prevent It the process of disin
tegration lias been going on. The rav
ages of th<> weather ar« particularly no
tlceuble on the wept face of the obelisk,
which has a scaly appearance In certain
places. This la the side upon which the
shaft rested when partly burled In the
s.inds of Egypt, and the hleroejljrpl on
11 are much fainter than on the other
three surfaces. Then, the crack which
extends from the base to the south side
of the obelisk has been gradually spread
ing, although It was rtlled with a wooden
plug covered with cement when Uk
stone was erected on Its present site.
The authorities who have chance of the
obelisk will make a thorough investiga
tion, and if it can bo shown that the
monument is in danger of destruction by
being exposed to the Inclement elements
It will probably bo removed and exhib
ited una cover.
Hard on the Italian Women.
The whole modern education of an Ital
ian woman is to fit her to carry out the
profusion of matrimony. and since In
Italy man is still very much behind his
colleague* In England. Germany and
America, he on this side is apt to wish
for a wire who Is a doll, sweet and pretty
perhaps— DUt still a doll
Yes: The women In easy circumstances
In Italy arc dolls, who simply am, us
when they are Intelligent; or fascinate m
when they are beautiful: they are deslr
able as women, but little esteemed by
men. If they have virtues (and they have
great virtues) they have them by nature.
an.] not from education, very often in
spite of education.
Of religion they know the rites, and
Ignore the higher Ideal*,
Of morality the forms, and above all the
hypocrisy.
Of the science of life, of hygiene, they
know nothing, or nearly nothing.
of literature, a little French and a lit
tle English. They must appear a little
educated, but not too much so.
They know that Dante is the greatest of
our poets, but have never reau him They
know that Rousseau and Voltaire must
not be read by proper women
They know nothing than can nourish
the intellectual life of woman, which
would help her economically or spiritu
ally.—Professor Mantegazza, in the Hu
manitarian.
« ♦ .
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will b* .
received AFTEB 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
as though In great pain and clutched at
his groin mutely indicating that he had
received a foul blow. Referee Jordan
waited until he stood up and th<en decided
the bout In his favor, allowing the claim
of foul. Richie' seconds led Mm to his
corner, where he continued to give out
ward signs of pain.
The spectators wen In doubt as to the
extent of Richie's Injury and many of
them raised the cry of "fake." After a
few moments the injured boxer walked
out of the ring unaided. Th»; blow, as
described by Cole and persons in his cor
ner, was ■ fair one. He had been getting
some punishment in his own corner and
In a breakaway landed a left swing on
the head. He followed this Instantly with
a straight r:^;;t on the body; which land
ed Just at the top of Richie s trunks. This
was well above the danger line.
Cole's showing waa disappointing. It is
explained by his friends a> being due to
illness. He is said to have trained nt a
disadvantage and his work showed he was
not in his old-time form. i!- was slow,
his Judgment of distance was bad and
he had no defense which his opponent
could not get Inside of. Richie was the
aggressor and had much the best of the
first round. Cole tr!M several swings in
the second but mIFsM and took some stiff
jabs in return. The sudden rndlng of
the bout early in the second r •ml proved
a disappointment. On th*> showing made
up to that time Richie would have won
ultima* -unless Cole Improved In a
marked manner.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
tC r v rißht. 1«9?. by H H. Tgb*rf )
TANTORAN PARK. Friday. D?cember 15. 1899.— Twenty-fourth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy.
J. J. HT-RKE-Pr»aldln« Jodff*. J. F. CAUPWMX. Starter.
,ITO FIKST RACK—SIx :ur!one»: two-year-olda; purse. !
! I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight St. Km. «m. *im. Ptr. Fin. Jockey*. Op. Cl.
___________ _________ i i '__^
456 Parr. Iwnnenbaum. I* 2 ... 6 1 54 2* 11 Henry ' 2) M
4« Plomed 115 4 ... 2 2 12 12 2 4 H Shield* 7-10 3-2
♦ "■4 Jolly Briton 115 1 ... 5 4 65 3 2 36 'Spencer 12 15
(375) Cravlta 115 '. ... 14 2 4 5 3 4 2 < - <n>y • 15
... Mountebank 115 « ... Jh 314 4 5 10 T. Burn* 8-5 1
41S Racetto US', 7 ... 4 1 . 4h «10 6S E. Robs 12 30
SO Xl Art* 115; 3 ... 7 7 7 7 'Hennessey .... 20 100
Time— v;, :26; H. :51 s ;: \. ;:1? V Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. V. Mc-
carty* eh. jr.. by N>ma'l-Hl.n'lln« > tte.
Henry on Dannrnbaum won race by hurrlnr th© rail. Dlomed does not like a route.
Mountebank not up to much.
Scratched— Shot 113. Prestome IDS.
A*T Q SECOND RACK— Five furlong*; realdtn?; ail apes: pur?*. $410.
I I I nminr.
In<>x. Ron*. Aye. Weight. St. Hm. Hm. \m. Ptr Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
400 Alice Dougherty. 2. 3 ... 1414 15 14 Vlttltoe ' 3 6-2
4CI Limerick. 3 97 11 ... 23 22 23 21 'Henry 35
4CC March Seven. 3 ST 3 ... 3 2 3 2 3 3 3 8 It Walsh | 10 30
4W nioom> Chance, 3. 107: j ... 44 4 1 54 4: Hertlng 20. 40
4:« Gold Finder. 2 102: 6 ... 5 2 (I 4 4 5 S T. Burns 6 8
... Minn Reel. 1.. ...... .107 7 ... 8 8 (5 6 6 Songer .... 12' 40
... Firelight 11. 2 ■" 4 ... 6 1 Th R TIT Martin 12 »
410 Heartless. 3 107 i S ... 7 3 Ch 7 1 I Bpencer 6-5 6-3
Time— 1;. :25H: *». :V\: H. 1:04. Poor start Won easing up. Second and third driv-
ing. Winner. F. Phillips' eh. f.. by Rlley-Ml*3 Murphy.
Winner pallor*d In after once nearly falling to Mr knees. Limerick ran to form. Heart-
less laft away, owing •. Spencer's carflewness.
PcratPhea— My I«>ar 107. bite Hat r-T. Tuthlll 190. Tar.oka 97, Maid of th« nills 97 St.
Act» 9:. Pallle I.urg S7. Leipzig 97.
A"7 A THIRD RACB— Oaa mile; two-year- old* ; rume. $400.
Ind^x. Horse. Wfiitht St. \m. Hm. Vm. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. < >p. "m!
1 — :
(4«7) Anjou 10<!! 4 32 31 Sh lh 1«; Spencer 3-5 7-10
M.-.4) Th» Lady 10.-' 3 4 4 4 4 2 5 Vlttltoe ... 4 7
4M Punello 106 2 22 22 lh 3 4 32 T. Barn 6 5
OH) Bathoa ml 1 14 I', 2! : 4 4 Thorpe 5-2 16-5
Time— H, : :s>;: 4. ■XX: *«. l:l?4: rail*. 1:47. Good start. Won first three driving. Win-
ner. W. B. Jennlncß* b. c. by St. Andrew-Jude.
Anjou away poorly. Bathos probably short. Sunello will be hard to beat next tlm».
FTiT'RTH RAfT- Peven furion»;«; handicap; thr#^ year-olds and upward: purs«.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. %m. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys. Op." 1 "*!
— 1 1 : -
(4*f>) Klntr Carnival, 3....1051 2 24 23 In 11 14 )j Martin 7-10 7 10
439 Xl K«tro. S S3! 1 11 . 114 II 2 2 2 3 f. Walsh !!!' . 712
414 Potente. 3 95| - __! 3 3 13 i Johnson .. !| 4 5-2
Time-;. :234: S. -M: «i 1:044: %; 1:31. Good start. Won all thre- drivinc Winner
-Carrutherii <?■ Shield*' b c. by Getaway-Marietta. "inner,
A pallor for the winner. Martin drew it fine.. Potente requires stronger ridlnz than
Johnson can rive him ••'•»«
Scratched-Pweet William 94. Mamie G 92. N"ar>amax 113.
WFTB KACE Six furlones; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
Index. Hers*. Are. Weight. .St. %m. %m. »4m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op"'ci."
401 First Call. 4 .1121 3 ... 4 4 44 71 1 4 Thorn* 2 i"7
4C7 Grand Sachem. 4.. Krt 2 ... 2h 2h 24 24 T Walsh 1 L*
440 Ponw. 4 11J 5 ... 620 5 B^ 38* Glover .;;;.V 2 0 to
210 Indra, 1 112 1 ... lh lh 42 46 ; Ktley ' 7 fi
44? The OfTerlnc. S 104 4 ... II 12 11 5 Bonier 5 \"t
452 Inverary 11. 4 •■■■■ 6 ... % Pulled up ... illelnson"!!!!'.! 10 »
Tlme-«4. NH 4. :614: *;. I:U4. Gorvd "tart. Won easily. Second and th!nfdrMn7
Winner. J. Coffer's b h. by Imp. Order-Ranette. orivine.
Going suited First Call, which ha« bad lens. Indra showed spe«d. The Offering blew
up. Inverarv like* a dry track.
Scratched— Di ■ Quixote 109, Crater 104.
m 7'7 S 'XTH RACK— MiIe and a alxteenth; all a«<»«: purse. $400.
' . — .. ■— — ■ — - ■ ■ ■ ■ „ -
Ind^x. Horse. Age. WelghtJSt. Km. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. '"""a!
'JS'SSTT-.. 1 ::::::::: »°! 3 !!. 3 2 ?L 'lh 12 Spencer i'-JVJ
442 I>ecoy, 2 J«! 1 14 11 I%^ 2 2 2 R T Walsh k o i
4« Wallensteln. 2 73j 4 ih 2 4 33* 3 I i 2 Banner • |9^
431 Ix)thlan. 3.... .^.^jjf^ 2 4 4 4 4 4 Hgnry ..!!■!!!! 8 15
Tlme_M6. ST.; 3-16. :34>i: ■ :-v ttOWfi 13-76. 1:27?;: mile, |:47H; 1 1 Km 1-54U Good
ffOr'lH Art"''!'' a PU "' Second and thlH <!nvln «- Winner. W. Shields* b.' g., bylUyon
Zoromster outcia.-sed his company. Decoy ran a nice race. Wallen.-teln weakly ridden.
Scratched-Brrus nil! S2. ** 17 naa<n -
Education of Japanese Women.
Under the auspices of the economic and
reform section of the Society for Ethical
Culture, addresses upon "The Social Con
dition and Education of Women in Japan"
were recently delivered before a large au
dience. Inazo Kitrobe, I'h. D.. professor
of economics In the Imperial College at
riapporo. rave a historic resume of the
condition of Japanese women, and said
their present Inferiority Is due to the feud
alism existing In his country for the last
.00 years. Japan received its beginnings
In literature from China and its Buddhism
from India, and both of these forces also
had an indirect influence in lowering the
status of women.
Ohson H. Sakurai. Registrar of the Melji
Girls* Semiary at Toklo, and Miss Anna
C. Hartßhorno. who spent three years in
Japan, said that general interest In educa
tion is Increasing, and it is only a matter
of time before privately endowed schools
for women will be a part of Japan's edu
cational system. The Mei.li Seminary',
which is the only private non-sectarian
girls' school in Japan, was established In
IV.'. but lost all Its buildings and appar
atus by fire three years ago. Over I*oo
girls have received the benefit of Its train
ing, but, owing to financial needs and the
CLARHNCE RICHIE.
Buthnell Phsto.
Wa« awarded the decision by Refers
Jnr-lan last night In his bout With
Willie Cole at Woodward's Pavil: n.
lack of a permanent fund, only sixty are
now in attendance.
The Japanese Government began to take
an interest in co-education twenty yt-irs
ago. when several young women were
sent abroad for study, and at the present
time there are ten Japanese girls studying
In the United States. The outlook for the
future was said to be a promising one if
the proper interest and encouragement
are given from countries more advanced
in culture and enlightenment.— Philadel
phia Ledger. 7
Questionable.
Miss de PuystiT— l can trace tuy an
cestors back to the reformation.
I- Job— ■ That's nothing. I Van trace
mine back years and years before they
attempted to reform. "*iore tnej
A French officer invented an army bi
cycle which promises to do good l service
It folds. At the word of coroirand th .
soldier riding the Wcycledfsm2S"Vlds
the machine in two. whips out the han
dlebars. attaches two broad strap. »l|,U»
It over his back and walk* off 1 with nS
iThi«'paTk v : nlence than tf ha io ««*-
LONG ODDS
AGAINST A
MUD RUNNER
Sam Dannenbaum at Odds of
50 to 1 Defeated Diomed.
Tanforan Results.
Amcng the starters In the first event nt
Tanforan yesterday, a six furlong sprint
for two-year-olds, was Sam Daunenbaum.
ridden by Henry and .sporting tin- colors
of "Whltebat IfcCartr. The ring thought
so little of the youngster's class that lv
and M to l could be fathered In profusion.
Dlomed, which had receded from 7 to 10
to 3 to 2. skimmed gayly out In front,
riving early pr : ... • of winning In rag
time. Henry gradually moved up from
fifth position with his mount and catching
Dionied when his breathing apparatus
showed signs of Impairment, beat him oat
a scant length at the wire. The winner
ran practically unbacked, and his victory
was welcomed by the books. Mountebank,
with Burns up, backed from S to 5 to even
money favoritism, ran unplaced.
Cold, rainy weather and a card which
did not look particularly enticing., at
tracted only a very small crowd. I avor
ites earned brackets on four occasions.
Frank Phillip's handsome fllly Alice
Dougherty took the rive furlong scramble
for maiden two-year-olds at odds of 3 to
1. Vlttltoe took her out In the lead at
the outset, and though she nearly fell to
her knees three furlongs from the stand,
won easily from Limerick. Spencer,
astride the favorite. Heartless, word no
alarm clock, for when the barrier was re
l^a.ied ho was almost left.
Had not the b:g colt Anjou been a first
class mud lark, he would have mot with
defeat In the mile run fur two-year-olds,
Starting a 7 to 10 chance. Spencer, who
rode him. made up the KTOUDd lost by de
grees, and driving at the finish, led The
l.ady out loss than a length. Bathos and
Sunello made the pace to the stretch,
where both null.
The seven turlong handicap proved only
a romp for Kinj Carnival, the favorite.
Jack Martin took liberties with the big
colt. downing Xl Estro by a narrow mar
gin. which ml^ht have been half a dozen
lengths. Potente was the only other
starter.
With Grand Sachem looking the only
one to beat. First Call was backed off the
boards to capture the tlfth number, which
he did with case Closing equal favorite
with Sachem ►;• experienced no difficulty
In heading that horse In the brush home.
Show honors wont to Pongo.
A 3 to V> favorite Zoroaster, with Spen
cer on his back, galloped In winner of tho
final nilic and a run. Receiving
much the better ride. Decoy finished In
front of Walk-nsteln for the place.
Track Notes.
The firm r,f }'.-'.rv.- \- \Vaterhou.«o yes
terday purchased Marcato from P. Ryan
and lie will sport their colors to-day.
F. Walsh, who rode Decoy in the last
race, was fined $25 for rough riding, an ap
parently most unjust ruling. The little
fellow was accused of carrying out Spen
cer, th( pilot of Zoroaster.
Jerry < horn, who was ruled off the turf
for life in connection with the Little Pete
scandal, arrived yesterday on the Marl
posa. He made a hit in three races In
New Zealand, but after the oßiclals there
had made inquiries as to hi* standing on
this side his promising career In the An
tipodes was cut short.
To-Day's Entries.
Flr»t race— Five furlongs: two-year-olds;
purse.
460 Antoinette .. '.'■ *■'* !■ (TUi BUI 10$
4:^ F. W. Erode.. loS (450) Sardine 110
472 Diom«?<i 110 4j4 I'reatorae 1C«
473 Limerick .. W
Second race — Or.» on! a sixteenth miles: »ell-
Ins; three-year-olds and up.
471 Wyoming ....:iO7 «'» Red Pirate ....104
U6.1) Daisy F 107 4.1S Judjre Wofford. 95
(470) Silver Tone ...104 t>:% Taiwan 110
... itumlet 98 40S Espionage 9)
Third race— One mile: three-year-olds and up;
selling.
463 ngma«ter ...IK 417 Fleming ... 102
444 Personne 102 476 Ir. Ira 106
425 Einstein .... 1«2 if?. Rapldo l"2
403 Terrene .. W. 4C3 Eailsta 102
Fourth race— Mile and a quarter; Holiday
handicap; Hi//).
415 Morlnel 106' 439 Topmast 107
457 Forte 107 j4M Meadowth ■ .107
Mi Marcato 11l *' I'otentc 92
4 "■:■ Malay lOsl <47 Rosormonde ...107
Fifth race— Six furlongs: handicap.
4tt Montallade . 92 (463) Sybarl* 104
(475) Kin* Carnl\-a1.112> 4-V.i Aluminum . ' >)
447 Bra Ledl :■ 437 Silver Maid.... W
Sixth race— One and an eighth miles; hurdle
handicap.
(««2) Granger 1501 44" Duke of Y0rk.. 153
MS Major 8 13T.1 44 .". «an ■re 130
«. r > P. X ISO 4«2 Monlta 130
462 J. O. C 123
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Sardine. Prestome. F. W. Brode.
Second race— Silver Tone. Wyoming, Espion
age.
Third race— Batista. Einstein. Fleming.
Fourth race — Topmast. Morln*"l, Malay.
Fifth race— King Carnival. Sytaris. Be*
I>>dl.
Sixth race— Major S. Grander. Montt*.
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all news deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the suffix
will be limited.
A Lost Art.
Mr Henpeckt-I wish sometimes I had
the knowledge of the ancient Egyptians
Friend— ln regard to what, old man? '
"Perhaps you've ?=— -n some of their
mummies? They understood how to make
a woman dry up and remain so "
The Same Old Story.
The pickerel lie In the shady pool.
Along with the perch and dace-
But the fisherman's not particular, for
He lies In any old place.— Puck.
If some people were to think twice be
fore speaking they would have no use
for tongues. "
A CHRISTMAS
SUGGESTION
PARENTS :
Buy your chilJren a
Cleveland or
Crescent
BICYCLE.
POPULAR PRICES
20-inch. ..520.00 24-1nch...522.50
inch. ..525.00 2iHnch...530.00
Adults $35.00 ;»n. $40 00
LEAVITT & BILL, i
309 Larkin St., S. F.*
20 San Pablo Avc, Oakland.
Open Evenings.
STIFT TOO
SPEEDY FOR
McCORMACK
The Philadelphia Heavyweight
Defeated by His Lighter
Antagonist.
Special DUpateh to The Call.
CHICAGO.. Dec. 11-Bllly Stlft. th.o Chi
cago m!'Jdle-we!;:ht. was given the decl
.•.lon over Jack McCormack, the !'...:
phla' htavy-weight. at the end of .x
roun<ls h-.-ro to-night. Both men went at
It hammer and tongs as soon an they : • .;
the mark. Stift nas put to the floor near
the end of the first round. He evened up
matters In the next by sending McCor
mack down twice. Mac went down again
In each succeeding round, and in the final
on« had all he could dv to stand oa hi*
feet.
SELLING BACE WAR.
San Durango and Forbush Claimed
Out of New Orleana Field*.
NEW . ORLEANS. Dec. 13. -The "man
with the halter" was in evidence to-day.
H. Robinson, owner of I Albert, claimed
San Durango In the first race and T. H.
Smith, owner of Elkln. claimed Forbuah
at 16/) In the last. Debrtde and Lackman
were the only favorite* to win. Weather
clear and track good. Results:
■
a-c-
Selliiis. five and one-balf furlnng^El Caney
wor^Mit* Mac Day .wood. Profit third. iZ!
• won.
Will Play at Portland.
J> I XIVERSITT. Dm
' r l:rr > ' a dljpatch
fr " m ! rh'ch injures a n
■
n men Murnfi
I ■
I
Th< K. >
People complain." expostulated the
poubrftte. "of the scantiness of my skirt*,
but if I don't kick. I «lon't see why they
should Detroit Journal.
The Czar ha* revoked the law which
since 1883 has forbidden Poles 10 acquire
rC M, l e-Ve -V. ale . cxce Pt »•>' Inheritance. They
jvlll still be restricted, however, both in
Poland and in Western Russia, to slxty
fiv.» heptare^ for one family.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i.
No Incurable
Cases Taken by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Money
Required
Til! Cur©
Is Made by
I DR. MEYERS & CO.
I No Injurious
I Medicines
Are Used by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
No Charge for
Remedies or
Appliances
{ Is Made by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Lost Manhood,
Private Diseases
Permanently
CureU by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
_^ /
Thousands
of Men
Restored
at Home by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Private Book
Sent Fre« by
DR. MEYERS & CO.
The Great
Medical
Institution of '
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Has Been
Established
Nineteen Years.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Are the Only
Specialists on
the Pacific Coast
Who Cur©
Disease and
Weakness of
MEN EXCLUSIVELY.
Office Hours:
8 to 5 Dally.
7 to 8 Evenlnirs.
•> to 11 Sundays.
Elevator Entrance.
731 MARKET ST.. S. F.
CNNYROYAL PtLLS
P -^^V Original «oJ Oalr Oen«l.«. -- M.
J^_f(yjjM I'rurm *>r CMct<aM-*i \ % fo\ ZfVi
LMiJa*2gkmJ*2 3r**d la H*4 a»l vZd a«ul itdflV
T^ MMd vita t.»» rtMwa. Tah«
f* ♦^ %y]a« otiirr. /f-."w*« n.),nr» ▼
I / ffftunt and imtittt-tu. AtDri(|U'i.waM4k
I (» -.<'•» Maawa *>r intlnlin. ■••tiamitaU «>4
IP D - Krllrf f.r I^ll*^- m Mif,  Mm
~\^^tr M»!L JO.OOO T«#t!:a<rei«lj. /Tmi /-*y«r.
" m^ m l Cal» >| ic«t«rC?l«BUc»iC<fc.«l«rtJ«anf»qß»#^
UMtf ml\ l-ormt iTi^glMa. r™.U'A.|-*
COKE! COKE!
P. A. 'NAI-O.
WbolOalc r>a!er and Shipper of. Coke.
OFFICE 313 FOLSOM ST.SPORT
PLAY FOR THE COAST
GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
Presidio Club Links, the Field Over Which
the Contest Is Being: Waged
Brilliantly.
Ol *IxW n playern whr. quallfleri
• ■ m.l of th.>
implonfhip of th.- < •.
and San Francisco Golf clubs five
. Y r « OaWanrt «"»"». six were members of
in* I resldio Club. two came from the Bur-
Jingame Country Club and one each from
a v '•■■■• • • Club, th. Army
and the Navy. The San Rafael Golf Club
Jiad no representatives. The best scores
iv Qualifying round were made by
John Uwcon and "W. p. Johnson, whose
records were ;c each: Major 11. J. Gal
lagher. IV S. A., and Lieutenant W. G.
Miller. U. S. N.. both qualitled with 111;
while N. W. Howard, secretary of the
Hanta Catallna Golf Club. Just failed to
qualify with 113. No golfers came down
from Tacoma. Portland or Victoria. B. C.
N. W. Howard and E. Conde Jones wert
the only Southern Californians.
In the opening rounds of the competi
tion, which was at match play over eight
een holes. Lieutenant W. <i. Miller, who
had made 111 in the qualifying round.
easily beat 1.. t». Kellogg, who Had tnad.
1"9. C. Page, whose qualifying score was
3°T. after a close struggle, defeated J. W.
Hyrne, whose qualifying round was made
In M.l; John Uwkod Iwat E. i: Folger
by an ample margin; W. P. Johnson li.a;
A. H. Williamson; K. C Jones won from
It. R. Gaylord. though the letter's medal
j'lay score was ]<il us against the formers
M 2; and H. M. Fitzgerald defeated F. S.
Btratton. The best medal play score was.
that of John Lawson, who made thirteen
holes In C 4. which would give S3 for the
full eighteen holes.
Of the eight who entered the second
round three represented iho Pan Francisco
Club, two the Oakland, whilf the Bur
lingame Country Club. Kos Angelas anil
the Navy each had on« representative. In
this round the winners were C. Vage. J.
3>awf«m. K. Conde Jon»"s and 11. 11. «Jood
win. the last making th*» «'lKhte«-n holes in
<3. 43— s*i. the lowest score made In the
cnmrwMitlnn. '
me Pan Francisco Club thus had two
representatives In the semi-flnal round,
the Hurllngame Club ow and the outside
world one. All these Were sure, of prizes,
the losera laklnc the third and fourth, and
the winners the llrst and second. A! this
tlm»» It looks as thoufih the final round
w\iu!d t»e b'lween John 1-awson and 11. B.
Ooodwln. thouph 12. Conde Jones Is a Hke
5y candidate for one. of the two places:
The Oaktand Golf Club was minus Its
Ftroncest plater. C. P. Hubbard. while E.
R. Folgrr ffll an easy victim to John
l^iwson. Quite a crow;d «if spectators fol
l..w«d J-awson and Folper round the
course and the verdict rfn<l«*red by them
was that 1-awson was l>ett«-r with the
brmsile. driver and putter, while In ap-
the two wcro about on oven
term*.
As Is th« cano In all competitions, there
w»»re som«- curious results. H. M. Pitt-
C*>rald and K. Conde Jones, with medal
jilay scores of 10*. ( each, proved victors,
while K. It. Foleer. with T3 for thirteen
);..loh. whlrh would Klve I<C for eiphtoen
holes, was ba<riy beaten: and Lieutenant
\V C. Miller's Km for seventeen holes, which
■w*uld klvp 1«6 fir elKhteon holes, : roved
an easy winner, thoush V. S. Stratton and
A H. Williamson, with scores of 106. and
R 11. Gaylord. with a score of 101, were
■
•.. and
Th.
T "ti
I
unctl>
" <lub wfll
Ins-t. The
OARSMEN THY TO
REVIVE RACING
IN LIGHT SHELLS
Want the Highest Development of the
Sculler's Art Here— New Boats
Are Being Built.
The mrmixTS of the Ariol .win* Club
are manifesting much Interest In swim
ming and shell racing, and the- clubhouse
Is a !-c»-ne of activity on fine Sundays.
S«v«ral good swimmers have recently
Joined the club. among them J. A. Geddes
•,nd Harris of th<- old Lurline Swimming
Club J. Foley and N. A. Denvir were
recently initiated as members. It Is pro
nosed next beacon to form a relay swim
ming team to represent the club against
t.ams Of the Dolphin and Olympic clubs.
With regard to shell rowing, some of the
elder members say that in former days.
,hi n it was in vogue, races have been
rowed In water In which a barge would
not have lived.
Single sculling will be In favor next
y.-ar. James Wilson already has a shell
lind Will tnt« the senior ibell race, as
also will Stenberg. and.it is expected that
William McAusland will return to the
t-l..irt. The Ariel* have hopes of making
vjji a strong Junior barge yew, which will
enter upon practice early in the coming
reason. The crew composed of Charles
Winter bow; Charles Peters. F. Ix>th and
1' Lynch, stroke, which won the Junior
bam championship of ls*3. will keep to-
KCtllcr and will try to win the intermedi
ate barge championship of l.««. fc. Me
henna, whose aepaxture from the city
Uiis year broke up the senior barge I aim
U on hi. way back from Scotland ana
after his return the senior crew will be re
" K anlzed. The Artels will have a new
outflUlHer *klft built, and J. It Bookman,
the ciuo s representative on the board o I
managers of the Pacltic Association has
Lvten im.truct.-d to secure an much en
,;.-nH-iit for racing in shells as pos-
recent election of officers of the
Ariel Club resulted in the choice of the
following: W. Howe, president; K. J.
Knch vice president; H. A. l'less. treas
tjier- Eugene Klanders. financial *.ecre
tary! A. Taylor, recording secretary;
Jam.s Wilson, captain; H. Wilson vice
captain; I. J- Knrtcht, Johnson Hardy.
Jonn OConnell. B. Btenbew and Charles
Wilson, director?; J. B. Buckraan. D. J.
gtjeehan and K. McDonoujjh, delegates to
i 'I- l''.i. I!.' A "Ma lion. the Denn ls poley
F01..y
hum crew of the South Knd Rowing
Olub. which Is eald to have outrowed the
••Midgets." taking up the challenge of the
Ahoneda "Spiders' to a five-mile race on
KanAntonio estuary, but this It not now
rrobablo. But there M«m» to be no good
awn wby the "Midgets." all of wliom
Ire available, should not accept the chal
lenge. It is thought the cutter crew of
the naval militia will so up to th. Asto
ria regatta next year. Dr. C. C. Dennis
«i 11 communicate with the commanding
on cer^f The naval mllltla In Oregon and
m- to make arrangements for the event,
which would excite a great deal of Inter
*. The OrtKonlans have a good cutter
named General Tuttle. and the contest.
£h?rh might be for the. best two out of
three rSS one on each day of the re
1-atta would be an Interstate one.
At the la*t me. ting of the Alameda Boat
Club two new applications for m.-mber-
Fhli> were receive^ and the challenge s
pued by the senior bar ß « crrw was dls
<usved Captain W. G. lianscn and
I eut.nant J. L*"*»« T' cr ?, lnstrucl '
Jd to confer with Al Rogers re
rardlnK a new skiff. Th.- racing
barco is in Rogers* shop, where It will
have the seats and oarlocks put into or-
A, r iinrt the body varnlsh«'di of California
X ""tV.i .of th/ rn.v.rslty of California
fJjtlnV Association was out last Sunday
in Oakland Creek In an outrigger skjfi.
'Ie mvh the association may Join the Af
filiated Students. in which case It will be
I qualifying rounds will be played on the
1 33 d, 24th and 23th: the first round of the
competition on the 30th. as stated: the
! seml-tlnal at 10 a. in. and the final round
at Ip. m., on New Year's day. A com
petition in driving or approaching may
be added. As the annual contest tor the
gold medal, carrying with it the club
championship at medal play, takes place
on New Year's day. the donors must be
■ consulted with regard to fixing another
date for that competition. Three gentle
men will present cup* for a ladies' tourna
ment, which will be a handicap contest.
After having been several times de
ferred, the Oakland Golf Club will hold
this afternoon, beginning at 1:30 o'clock,
the second contest for the Macdonald
cup— nn « rhteen-hole tournament, match
play, with handicap. The tirst contest for
the trophy bejian on September 2, and re
sulted In a victory for C, P. Hubbard over
Ernest It. Foiger.
Th. open competition .to be held under
the auspices <.i the Oakland Golf Club
may be entered by professionals and ama
teurs'.' the former reclvlng money prizes
and the latter trophies. it will take place
early next year, ami the meeting of golf
ers so skilled hs Willie Anderson, 11. R.iw
] lins. Dr. Btepbenaon and Alexander
I Smith cannot fail to be productive of line
play. The really great golfer, particularly
if he be a Scotchman, never plays any
harder than he is obliged, so that to see
him at his best it Is necessary to pit him
against a player of his own caliber.
The opening tournament on the new
links of • he Hotel Green. Pasadena, is set
j for the -Ist. 2M and 23d Inst. it will be
under the management of William Wat
son, who- recently arrived from St. An
drevrs. Scotland. Thursday will be de
voted to practice. On Friday there will
be an open handicap and the contest for
the Hotel Green championship cup and
gold medal for ladles. On Friday there
will be an open amateur handicap and a
contest for the Hotel Green championship
cup for men. The same rounds, both for
men and women, wll determine the win
ners of the handicap and championship
events.
The Pasadena Country Club held a
three-day polf tournament on the 7th. Sth
and J<t h Inst. E. W. Hitching* won the
second series of handicap' sweepstakes for
men. there being thirteen entries, with a
net score of 43. C. B. Scoville. J. E. Jar
dine and B. O. Bruce tied for second
place, with net scores of 46. H. Grlndlay.
the green-keeper of the Ix>s Angeles
Country Club. «nd William Watson will'
play a professional match at Pasadena
on the 23d Inst. A golf club has been
formed at Santa Ana. and a course will
soon be lnid out.
At a recent meeting of the Waverly Golf
Club of Portland, Or., the following offi
cers were elected: William M' Master,
president; P. H. Birth, captain: P. B. Olf
ford, secretary-treasurer; A. T. Huggins,
and K. Livingstone, directors. In the last
tournament William Melfaster and Miss
I«ewis won the Mixed handicap four
somes. with ■ net scon- of 55. Mr. Whid
den and Mrs. Koehler being second, with
>. The men's open handicap was won
by A. T. Huggins. with 103. P. 11. Blyth
• handicap plus 2) '■:.-• with I".'>.
The men foursomes were won by Blyth
and Mnsworth, with a score of 101 less
S— 9S, Glfford and Whldden being secono..
with lUS It ss s— loo. Miss Lewis won the
ladles' open handicap, with a score of 71
less 7— € l. Miss Macleay being second with
71 less 4— €7. Miss Macleay and Miss King
won the ladies' handicap foursomes, with
7G less 3—73. Miss A- Heitschu and Miss
Flanders being second, with 73 less 1—74.
On the 6th Inst. Miss A. Heitschu (who Is
well known in San Francisco), playing
scratch in the tournament for the Mums
Cup. went round the course In 63, the rec
ord score for a woman.
r off financially and will procure a
ivirf and p .lrge. Th»- boat-
Init Interests ..f the university have never
fri-m the tire which Bye
away Its tine two-story
• > Husln.
The fair ts ai Berkeley should iry
to infuse fresh life into rowing l>y taking
it up and organising crews, thus emulat
ing the State Normal Behool s4
which during the j.ast year hai«
formed six rowing dubs. These clubs
the Normal Behool K-'winj; As
tlon. In which there are seven crews,
( ,rie ..f young men and six of girls. The.
latlon ovm a barge named l'risti*.
irchas4 i from the Triton Row
lub. Th.- »^.iri l>let.-(, Jtowing Club
furnish«-s dressing rooma, hwiaea the
Hows the us. of its
own barge on three da\s of the week, it
I to build a boathouse for the
Norm.il Bel • in, the board <>f
• • bchen recognizing the
of rowing as a means of <\
; •]'■>> the Normal I
■ ml other clubs of girls row on
Bay, among them bring the
Columbia*. Nereids and Olympiaa.
DOGS AND THEIR FANCIERS.
The surprise of the day among dog fnn-
Clers Is the defeat at Oakland DV M.iy
<f Philip Meyers' lately impor'.-d
. A.iri Rachel Bbc w;ts shown
Utton. The member* of th t - St.
Bernard «'!ub are speculattiig as to the
chances >f Alta Rachel and her dan.
Mr. Mudgett's Princess Satchel, when the
. her at the San Francisco
show.
Mrs. Raxes St. Bernard dog King Men
elek has developed greatly recently. Mrs.
Saxe. it is said, contemplates applying for
read mis*i> in to the S - Bernard Club. If
- —fill th<re can be no doubt that <he
will win h-r share of the club's trophies.
tear ■ j.anleis were the banner breed
lat Oakland. W. C Kalstnri of Frultv.ile
j ha« purchased a black dog puppy ny
Black Duke [I-Galety c.iri. The pine mil
■ it have bought yn.+n Silk, by (Juy
Silk, out of Lucille. Queen Silk was
bought >n wh<lp to Tattoo.
Qrace, the noted Yorkshire terrier
r. baa presented Dave Sinclair with
, a 1. . ng-cM.it> .1 dog puppy. Dave is proud
of his ne .on.
i. Pferdaer "f Victoria has bought t*x>m
Mudgett a. St Ilernard puppy by
i/e Prteoa J . out of Moiiie aCarsbali
Frank McQnesten of Dawson City has
booght from Hugh McCrackt-n a St". Ber«
■ narn dog puppy by tihaMa, out of LawlT
Delight.
Thf Pacific Mastiff Club held a well at-
I meeting last night. Dr. F. w
Rkaife. the reterlnary oflcer of the dub,
j read an interesting paper on the proper
( dogs In si< kness. emphasizing the
tic treatment.
SWIMMERS AT SUTROS.
The usual competitions in swimming
and diving will take place to-morrow at
Sutro Baths. The entries follow :
Fifty-yard fla»h. Juveniles— It. Cook, H.
I^lc ken. 11. Freeman. O. Owens. C. Schilling
A Kaufman. E. Mlnt*r. T. Hitter. W. -Klein -
ing. O. Lowenthat. F. Neal. On<- hundred yard
race, amateurs— C. I^utidln. G. Wallace J Wli*
ber. R. Kldlns. C. Sullivan. 11. Steiije |
l^a'.rd. H. Beebach, P. Banberc K. Smith. II
Freeman, J. Wilson. T. Lahusen Tub race 100
yard*— E. Itawlinson. 11. HcCormlc, C. Beyer
J. O'Bnen. O. Ehrman. W. Wljlow. H. Olsen*
K. I.iev.iMt. E. Wells. A. Itaudatn. Trick and
fancy tprinßboard 'dlvlnß-W 1 •Mugla**. E
I>oukUks. J. Cathcart, I*. UcCormlc, a. Davis'
H. Cordell, R. Riding. O. Mlsner. H. Freeman!
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received APTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899.
CARLISLE INDIAN SCHOOL'S FAR-FAMED FOOTBALL TEAM.
FOOTBALL enthusiasts are of the opinion that the forth
coming contest on th.- gridiron Held, between the Univer
sity of California eleven and thai from tho Carlisle 'I'a.i
Indian Bchool, will be the most sensational In all the history
of the game on this coast. Tin- Indians have met tl
teams of the Bast and have always performed brilliantly. They
are aggressive and fast, i • * 1 1 are said to l"-, In a degree, slow
CALIFORNIA'S MEN
PREPARING FOR
THE INDIAN TEAM
Most Sensational Game In the History
of the Sport Is Expectea When
the Elevens M^et.
After weeks of negotiation, first with
the Chicago University and then with rep
resentatives of the <"a.rlislc- Indians, a
bolidaj game has at last L>« on arranged
definitely with the latti-r loutbaii team.
University of California eleven win
• n i;i competition with the Indians
during th»- holloay \m---k.
■■\vii;u < •ham.-f )uiv«- tii<- Callfornlani
with itn- great Carlisle team?" That li
the question whirh all f-IMTttmll • •nlhusi
kltlß. XT* :;.••:< M .:.
the game la of that Intensity which ex
■ ttes .1 gi ii»-rai attention to all football
tave reached v:< general conclusion
that even a team <>f the ralltHW ihown i>y
iiit j! 111. i eleven In the Thanksglv
urn game, when 1 Stanford w.i^ def< ated by
ore of 3u to o, cannot nope to prove
victorious in a contest with the sensa
tional Indian football U-am Still tht-re
are many who hoia v contrary opinion,
and thej are of im-. t.fiutf that Urn
i'iK- s kin chasen will cover themselves witn
Ki"ry in th. gridiron struyKie between
iiit- Bast and tn«- w.-.-u
California has certainly played a fine
quality of football during toe entire sea
son and is entitled to a game with the
Eastern whirlwind team, itegret is heard
on wary side that the University of Chi
ciago eleven was not secured for the holi
day game, .is in.th that team and the blue
and gold aggregation are similar In re
gard to their style of -play* and general
make-up. The Indians have played the
biggest teams', in the country except
Princeton and have met with a meed of
success in all their engagements.
Heavy, grinding worK is what the In
dians map out lor themselves In every
game. They know little, of the tine points
of the game, that is from the strategic
point of view. If they did, according to
the foremost critic ot tootball In America,
there would not be a team In the country
that could defeat them. In straight foot
ball they have no superiors, and they play
with a fierceness cnaraeteristic of their
race. The style of game most effective
against them is the tricky, .new-formation
kind. On line play they are strong,
strength and long training having
wrought a bulwark of defense in this par
ticular.
With this end in view California will
perfect all its tricks, devoting most of the
time to the practice of plays that were
not used against Stanford or the Olympic
teams this season. As a master of trick
football Cochran has no equal, and he la
ably seconded by Kelly. Both men are
saturated with the crafty play thai has
characterized Princeton, and the training
work for the next two weekß will be well
worth the watching.
Tills lighter team of California, with
backs fleet as the wind, and a team that
has handled itself in fine fashion all sea
son, opposed to ■ swarthy, muscular and
strong set of aborigines, will certainly
present a football spectacle new to this
coast. The Indians play marvelous,
straight football, and they come almost
up to the Harvard team in weight, tho
heaviest eleven In the country. The only
hope for California thus is in Its quick
backs playing trick football.
California's eleven began training yes
tesday. Since Thanksgiving the men have
Indulged themselves, forgetting nil about
training restrictions and dietary bans.
The two weeks' rest will not necessarily
be ruinous to their condition. Had the
season lasted another week the blue and
gold eleven would have been stale beyond
a doubt. With two weeks of active train-
Ing the eleven should be In strong lighting
trim. For six days before the game the
Indians* will have no opportunity for
training, due to the trip across the conti
nent. They will not suffer seriously on this
account, as tlyy are always in prime
physical shape.
The blue and gold eleven that will line
up against the Indians will be the same
as the Thanksgiving team, with two ex
ceptions — Captain Whlpple and Hill, left
end. Clay will be found in Wnlpplo's
place and Masters in that of Hill. This
will weaken the team to some extent.
Christmas day has been set for the
game, but this may be altered. It Is sug
gested that a game on New Year's day
would be more fruitful from a financial
point of view.
The price of admission will be $150 and
$1. and the game will he played at Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds, the
stands that were erected for the Thanks
giving game not having been disturbed
The public will get a chance this time to
secure the best s<-Hts. as the usual reser
vations by the colleges and University
Club will not be made. : ;. ■
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
If the ground is in such condition that
play Is possible, there will be an associa
tion football match to-day on the Presidio
athletic ground, between tho Vampires
and a fan of British apprentices, cap
tained by the Rev. H. W. 1. O'Rourke,
one of the chaplains of the Seamen's In
stitute. The Vampires have not played
together since their visit to Shasta Coun
ty on Thanksgiving day. where the Res
viick men defeated them after a rough
game. The Vampire team will be chosen
from the following: J. McGaw (captain).
J. D. Robertson. G. T. S. White, \V. ti.
in grasping tho tri<k plays of strategic opponents. The Cali
fornia eleven coaches have reason to know this and outside
the conditioning of their nn-n will devote much turn- to the
practice of these puzzling plays. in Coach' Cochran thi-
Berkeley men have S mast.- hand in this kind of play. His
associate, Kelly, is also clever and it is their schooling upon
which the Blue and Gold representative! base in >i»-* of victory.
Bel wood. C. Y. Williamson, Kr.-d M.■Dior
mid, H w. McDlermld, •; T. McCallum,
A. B. McCallum. J. T. Burtchaell, H. w.
Weaterfeld, A. K. Chambers and J. T.
litshop. The kick-off will be at 3 p. m.
CYCLE HACbS POSTPONED.
Tho rare mi-ot which Wi's to have t"-<>ii
held a.t Sau j»is.- next Wednesday in ■n-
Junctlon with the Jubilee celebration bos
been declared off. Tho crack profession
als, tempted by the large prises offered i>>
the management ■•( the new track at i-os
Angeles, have departed for the southern
city, where they can race twice a week in
doors, evenings. sfcFariand has not yet
down, as he is holding back for a
bonus to hiin^ his two motor pacinp ma
chines. Tin wily Mac would none of the
short end of the born, a« usual.
At Hi.- meeting of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen held last -Tuesday night toe
following nominating committee was re
lected to name the officers for the ensu
ing year: W. H. Haley (chairman).' \V.
C. Cort>.-tt, 1.. 11. Smith, Oscar Hansen and
Ed Runs. • On account of, their efficiency
the officers of the present year will all
be asked to serve again, the club having
had a prosperous season. There seems to
be no desire to experiment with young
and inexperienced directors, a course
which has almost proved the undoing of
another prominent local club.
Edwin E. Stoddard, well known in th*>
trade here, returned from a two months'
Eastern trip Thursday night. He has
closed with several lines for his firm's
1900 trade and says that automobiles or
the machinery to make them in any quan
tity cannot be bought for love or money in
the East, such is the demand for the -in
put there. . ,
Prince Rhys, a well-known rider, is In
town. His brother. King Rhys, is visit
ing his parents in England.
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
Tho wint. r season of tennis hrpan last
l:iv at the California Tf-nnls Club
courts. Bush and Strlnor streets, and
' judging from tho inter, .st displayed by the
participants there should be a series >•'
-sfui tournaments played weekly by
the club's ra< ket-wiel.l.rs. The Whitney
1 brothers again asserted their superiority
and will no doubt win the tournament
when the ilnals are played off.
The rain hits somewhat Interfered with
the play this week, but if the weather
permits th-re will be a singles tournament
on the courts this afternoon, it will be
a class affair, J<>.- Dally being selected
to classifly all competitors. The entries
I will be divided Into four classes and every
eft,.rt will be made to finish the tourna
ment Sunday. All thr- active players will
enter and the tournament gives promise
of being an old-time su<
The officers of the club are at present
engaged In trying to arrange a series of
i intenlub matches with the Alarm .hi and
! Oakland clubs.
ATHLETES WILL ENTERTAIN.
N>w Year's day at the Young Men's
Christian A— OdatJOn will 'he an event
worth the ■Ming Tho plans In pr< p.ir.i-
Uon promise a bis gymnastic exhibition,
.i> well as a general entertainment <>f «x
. .ii- i.i quality. Physical Direcor ICattern
la at present working with the best acro
batic and gymnastic material the dob
md nine 11. ay wrinki. s are be
ing tried on the liars and mat. In th»
evening there will !»■ a grand concert In
tbe Auditorium, at which will |..
Mary Weaver IfcCauley' Harry P. Glr
ari. Henry IfcCauley and others.
The basket ball players and the indoor
baseball men are hard at their tavorite
sports, a schedule of games between the
four branches of the anocutUoo is being
arranged ami the rentes win Be com
menced ■hortly. The indoor baseball team
has a number <>f matches on wli
Ht-liance and Olympic clubs in the sched
ule for the hanclsomo silver cup.
Entries for Sunday's Handball.
Profamor John Riordan, manager of
Phil Ryan's handball court at S.\S Howard
trr.t, has maile the following selections
for the Rames to be played on Sunday:
D. J. Sbeehan and J. R. Dockman vs. K. Mo-
DonouKh and B. r.yncta.
('.. Smith and J. Condon vs. A. McVlcker
and T. Leach. ■
T. Foley and J. Klrby vs..R. Housman and
M. Kirby.
K. J. Prcndericast and L,. Waterman vs. M
Basch and W. H. Kedlan.
.1 Harluw and E. Ourley vs. W. MuEUire and
E. Toy. ■ . ;;• **
W. Fisher and W. Marion vs. P. Ryan and
M. McDonald.
The event of the day— R. Llnehan and J.
Riordan vb, .T. White and J. Collins.
Wife-Beater's Punishment.
Thomas Uarkins. who cut up his wife's
wearing apparel and threatened to cut her
hf-art out at 3)7 Second street a week »p
aj.prared before Judge Treadwell yester
day to receive his sentence on th<- charge
of throats against life. The Judge or
dered that h* procure bonds in |5»0 to
keep the peace, and in default to be con
fined in th. County Jail r.»r six months.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Fancy Inkstands, writing sets, desk |
padß. pold pens and calendars make ac- I
ceptable and useful Christmas pr»<*. Nts
for a gentlemaji. For sale by Sanborn. i
Vail &. Co.. 741 Market street. • I
DUCKS COME FROM
ARCTIC REGION TO
GLADDEN GUNMEN
Big Returns for Sportsmen Who Shot
Over the Preserve^ ot the Gun
Cluos Last Week.
Thf turning point in the dock shooting
s.;is.,ri was reached last Sunday. From
ail the gun club preserves and from the
localities where unattached sportsmen are
accuatamed to gather come report* of an
abundance ot ducks. Heavy storms from
the north, for which the sportsmen have
been anxiously watching, have at last
driven the i>;n!s trom tin ir -umm. r
haunts In the Annie and have spread
then along the California .oast. The bay
is full of splendid ran\ asbac ks and blue
bills, ami the mb condition prevail! in
Baa Pablo and Richardson bays.
On the marshes the birds swarm about
the newly formed poods, rinding in them
some feed which the <>id ponds do not
afford. With the north« m birds here me
gunmen look for good sport from this
time forward whenever ■booting condi
tions are favorable. The rain of the past
week may have scattered the birds over a
large territory, but they arc at least
within the district over which the city
sportsmen shoot.
Nine members of the Oyimpic Gun ciub
had line sport mi their Cordelia preserves
lust Sunday. The combined bag was |fj
dinks. t»f these 11. L,. Miller secured M
H. B. Hosmer w. F. Foster 22 M £
linger U, t* w . llurpham if, w. I). He-
Arthur and j. C Jenson 10 each, L Titus
H and Dr. <; W. Kletser 3. Mr. liosni.-r
ceased shooting at 1 o'clock, at which
time be was "high gun.' 1 He could bave
Increased his bag indefinitely, as birds
wcr.- plentiful.
The members of the Black Jack Club
enjoyed their share of the good shooting
Hilly Swain, Newton Hlckman. Fred John
son and Bert Patrick shot over the Sal
man Island ponds, with Edward Murray
as their guest. The total bag was sixty
eight birds, made up chiefly of ■
and mallard. The sport was not even, the
birds favoring some ponds more than oth
ers. President John I.emmer. with John
Butler as Riirst. went to the preserve on
Wednesday to remain until to-day. It is
possible the rain of Thursday and yester
day spoiled their sport somewhat.
The members of the club are all sport
ing duck Ftraps of the lineal quality. The
bother was presented by Bert Patrick.
while they were made anil stamped, each
with Its owner's name, by Fred Johnson.
L. K. Larsalere and j. h. Burfelnd
were the only representatives of tt»e
Bpooney Gun t'lub on their AJvarado pre
serve last Sunday. They enjoyed their
!irst Rood shOOl of the season and secured
f.iir Dags. Larsalere, Burfelnd, I'hii Be
keati and Harvey McMurchy will be on
the ground to-morrow.
Joe IfcCrea, Joe Brickerstaff and Dick
Itchen secured B Joint bag of fifty ducks
near Mount Kden.
Price brothers secured thirty ducks at
the bridges near Alvarado. while Plum
rner and IfcPbilllps killed tho same num
ber on their favorite Kround. near Newark.
Sadler and Henrloulle shot on the bay
shore between Mount K'lvii and Alvarado
and made a joint bag ot eighty.
Achille Roos and another member of the
San Pablo Shooting Club enjoyed great
sjxirt on Monday. The flight wa.s heavy
and afforded the first hiuh class shooting
Of the season l"P to this time it has Deen
:i comparative blank, the birds preferring
the overflowed land rather than the arti
ficial ponds.
Members .if the Alnmeda County Sports
men's Association who shot over their
Sonoma preserves !a.-<t Sunday secured U.M
ducks, chiefly canvasback.
Jesse F. lyes. an all-around sportsman
of Alameda. has remove. l to Los Angeles.
He is an enthusiast on yachting and
shooting nnd will soon be Identified with
sport In the south.
The directors of the Olympic Gun Club
have outlined a plan r>y which all the trap
shooting In this vicinity may be -oncen
trated <>n the dub's grounds at Ingleskle
next season. At the last meeting of the
directors the trap shooting committee was
Instructs! to open negotiations with ill
shooting clubs In and around this city.
The object Is to make the club grounds
the Mecca of the gunmen. Should this
arrangement l» effected it Is believed the
result would be the most prosperous
at trap shooting the gunmen have ever
experienced. At the present time there are
a number of grounds fox* the men who
fancy trap shooting. With several events
held on the same day. the shooters have
been divided.' If all are held at the Ingle
side grounds there will be shooting- there
every holiday, and the enthusiasts will
know where they can find sport at any
time. The grounds are pronounced . the
llnest in the country outside those In New
Jersey where the American handicap Is
held. ■ \
SEND IT/TO EASTERN FRIENDS.—
The Christinas Wasp, illustrating the
past, present and future of the Pacific
Coast. H pages: 25 cents. Now on sale. •
■ m ■ — !
Professor Le Conte in Court.
Professor Joseph 1.0 Conte of the Cali
fornia I'niv» rslty was an interested speor
tator in Judgf Mogil'l court yesterday.
11.- was to appear as a witness for Llm
Din. charged with felony embezzlement
by Ong Hing Dop. 1013 Mission street. Llm
Din had been cook at the university and
COURSINGMEN EXPECT
A YEAR OF ACTIVITY
With Valuable Stakes, for Which Fleet Dogs
Will Compete, the Outlook Is
Promising.
THE California coursing: committee
has beer, reorganized on the Mres
laid out by the ABM m an Coursing
Board at its annual meeting in L.il
las. Texas, in October. It is the recon
nized governing body of thf sport on this
coast and w.ll pass upon all matter.- of
registration and disputes* as to ownership
of dogs subject to review by the American
Coursing Bcaxd. Al the major part of the
sport in America is conducted on thts
coast and the majority of the dogs .ir»*
owned here, it seems an Bane* essary cm
cession to allow Eastern men with tew
dogs and small opportunities to
them to dlrtct. in even a minor degne,
the sport in this Bteti . « hnrr it htta at
tained its highest development.
The California Coursing Commutes is a
represeatadve body, it is mad* tip ol <m
uf the Intvrntate Coursing Ctub,
Inglesid.' Coursing Club and S.n ram»->ito
club. Th* Stockton club Is <xi>» «r — l •■>
Join shortly. Th.- Interstate club .1 w-
gatSS are: Frank Mi. ran. I. F. Kalton. R.
K. Mai. .m. J. R. Dickson and J'.hn
Klein; Ingleside club: H. A. Deckelman,
David Dillon, Captain Clarkson and W.
i\. Thomp-on. The country < lut>s .i
lowed representation m proportion t.» .heir
membership.
The coursing at Union Park to-day «nd
to-morrow wul t>^ f the hlghesl class.
Amoiiß th. entries ar.-: F.niin P
Ho.k Island X i tin . Stt.ct Kmrna. <'.»n.«-
mara. QladJator, Date) «'lalr. Lady Km
ma. Royal Flush, Cavalier, Homing
(Jlory. Wild Tralee. R<.sl#- t'l.tir, l^xin*?
ton, Lady Clare. O X Capitol, Golden
Oate, Thornfcill, xoung America and Firm
Friend. These are not all the >■• nsatio&ai
performers entered, which is)nam the ul
timate winner must run "a jcr» at dog/ m
the language of the coursing iu-u. to
carry on brst prize and its attenaant
honors.
Tho feature of the card at I: .
morrow will be the match between E i>
Pallon's J.ily of the West and Murphy &
Tolauds Pieasan't <Jiri. in a p»-rio.i of
w -.-ks at liiKN-side Lily won five
op^n stakes and was runner-up in ttie
sixth. She met Pleasant « lirl in the third
round of the stake on November M and
was defeated, out of thi- defeal devel
oped the match s»-t for decision to-rv-.r
row. Th-Tf is so wide a difference of opin
ion over t v i»-ir respective runninK Qualities
that heavy wagering is expected over h»
match. Lily of the West was bl
Jerry O'Shea, being by St. Lawrence-Ft
renzt. She was whelped in December, Iv 7
Pleasani «iiri was r.re.i by her ■ ■
She is by Master (Ili-nkirk-Twilight. and
was whelped In November, ICfT. < m h»-r
remarkable performancea recentlytii«-rep
resentative of th" Fallon kennels is i-x
p«-cted to rule favorite In the Letting.
The stake is for beaten doga and ma.iy
| i ..n-s art- Included in th«- list
The management of I'nlon Park is pre
paring to open the coming y«-ar with an
ambitious meeting, it is purposed to have
thr..- days' coursing with possibly four
stakes. As at present outlined th<-se
would he a puppy stak*-, Opes staki-.
champion rtake and beaten ■!• g stake. If
are finally decided upon \h>- pre
liminary -funds of all except the cha-n
plon stake would be run off on Saturdaj.
The ri-milning rounds of th>- open stake
and all the champion stake would ho .lis
posed of on Sunday. This would leave
s.-v»-r;tl rounds of the puppy and the
beaten-dog stakes for Monday. This pro
prammc would provide for all aK tw 'md all
classes >f <jors.
The card at Inpleslde on Christmas day
was arrested on the Mail dock while about
to board a steamer for China. As Ong
HlnK Pop admitted the money was given
as a loan the case was dismissed and the
distinguished professor was not called
upon to testify.
FACULTY AT STANFORD
ABOLISHES BASKET-BALL
Consider! That the Game Is Too Se-
vere a Physical Strain on th«
Young Women.
STANFORD INIVKUSITV. Dec. 15 —
The faculty athletic committee at a meet
insr held last nlpht passed a ruling virtu
ally abolishing the K,ini»' of tiasket-ball
when played \>y yotm> ladles of the uni
versity. Thi- rale forbids any Intercolle-
Kiatf contest between the young women
which rvquir.-s team work, and further
provides that all contests must bo played
on the home campus. It is not Intended
that the same of tennis should come with
in this rule.
The reasons given by the faculty ath
letic committee for placing such restric
tion! upon women's athletics Is that th»>
physical strain upon the youiiK women Is
too great.
The committee is composed of Profes
sors Kelloßg, Branner. Richardson. <luiilo
Marx and Dr W 1
COURT NOTES.
Bruce Bonny, representing Shreve A
Co., Jewelers, swore to two complaints In
Judge- Slogan's court yesterday charging
Harry B. Smith, one of their salesmen,
with misdemeanor embezzlement, and he
was booked on the charges.
■ ♦ ■
PROVIDE FOR THE POOR.
Salvation Army Asks for Assistance
in Furthering a Deserving
Charity.
The Salvation Army has commenced to
make preparations for its annual Christ
mas dinner to the poor of this city. The
IdM of the army Is to feed at least 2i»>i <<l
those unfortunates who have no firesides
to welcome them on that day of days,
and to that end calls OB the more fortu
nate of the people of this city to help
them to extend a little ktndnexs to the
forlorn ones during the season devoted to
[>.■.■!(••• and good will.
Not only is money asked for. but con
tributions of all kinds will be thankfully
received and used where they will Oa
the most good. There may be some who.
for one reason or another, are <11-<
ini-lliifd to give money. These can send
something in the way of edibles. If they
an- so disposed, as anything that may
tend toward the comfort of the deserving
poor will t>e thankfully recelv.-l
Two thousand tickets will »v* printed,
and only to those who can show that they
an regally deserving will they be dls-
All contributions should be addressed to
lieutenant Colonel William Kvans, S. A.,
1139 Market street.
Iroquois Meet and Resolve.
The regular meeting of .the Iroquois
Club was held last evening. William Mr-
Mann presiding. The discussion of tho
panhandle bonds was continued. A reso
lution was adopted Indorsing the ordi
nances Introduced by Supervisor Byington
In the Board of Supervisors reducing
street car fares for school children and
worklngmen during certain hours of the
A resolution requesting Democratic
memberß of Congress to support Senator
Mason In his endeavors to assist tne
Boers was also adopted.
She — Why, Mr. Smith, you don't mean
to say you have taken up gclf?
Smith <age 7S>— Yes. I found I was get
ting a bit too old for lawn tennis!— Punch.
Selling depot for Waterman fountain
and other gold pens. San born. Vail ft Co.*
will be ■ champion stake. limited to thir
ty-two dogs. For the Saturday an( Sun
day before the various rounds of an open
stake will be run ..ft. For New Year's
day a veteran stake, and possibly one for
puppies, will be the attraction.
I'at Horgan. who served with credit
among the volunteers at .Manila, has set
tled down In his old home at Concord.
Coursing men expect to see representa
tives of hi* ke»n« Is* aguln In competition
shortly, as he Is known to have some good
performers among his dogs. He still has
some of the Sir Hugo-Just Eclipsed litter,
of which the dog ii- H rirun was the
star. He was killed by accident Just after
he had shown himself to be«one of th«
most promising young dogs on the coast.
T. J. Cronln. who for twenty-five years
has been In the front rank of Callfornian
coursing men. always owning noted do»s.
has a grandly bred puppy which the own
er's friends believe will some day be a
wonder. He Is by Hughle-Annle l*aurt«».
and was bred by Tommy Hall of Merced.
There are only two of the litter left, a
sister being owned by T. J. Mclnerney.
They are a year old and will not be sent
to the slips until they have fully devel
oped.
Pasha Kennels' Sly Girl Jr. has whelped
to Emln Pasha. The net result was only
one puppy, to the great surprise of Man
ager J. M. Halton. An average litter Is
usually from six to eight puppies, and'ial
culatlng on this basis Mr. Halton prom
ised some of the prospective puppies. The
largest litter whelped on this coast was
that of Daisy, the sire being Major. Sev
enteen pupple* wa.H the result of th
union, and Included such remarkable
greyhounds as Emln Pasha. Wayfarer.
San Joaquin. Joe. Patchen and Alametia.
showing they combined quality with quan
tity.
Martin Kerrigan has lost an eleven
months-old pupi by St. Lawrence-I^idy
Blanche, which was one of the most prom
ising on the roast. He has ulso suffered
the loss of two by St. Lawrence-Daisy.
Distemper was the cause.
One Of the For Freedom-Miller's Rab
puppies has succumbed to distemper.
There are five of the litter still alive.
J. M Rossetcr. owner of the Pasha
Kennels. Is In London. James T. Rosscter.
who preceded him across the Atlantic. Is
with relatives i: Ireland.
Hugh Lynch's Lot! Mls rounding Into
form gradually and Is again In the com
petition. She Is running at Ingleslde to
day.
M. B. Kavanaugh has lost his Imported
dog Ski by death. He was a prize wlnn<r
at the spring show of the San Francisco
Kennel Club, and was Just rounding into
form on the field when he died.
Domlnlek Shannon has purchased thre#»
puppies from Weston of Colorado Springs.
They are by Royal Grrentlck. he by Royal
Crest-Drytlme, and are out of Lurtile.
which Is by Glenklrk-Innocence. They
are eleven months old. two being lil.uk
and one fawn. The black dog weighs *•>>..
pounds, and the others .'.; and So y » pounds*
respectively. They will be started for the
first time. In February. In addition to this
trio Mr. Shannon has three more, by Safe
guard-Slnaloa, the latter a Merced win
ner. They are fourteen months old and
are ready to go to the slips at any time.
T. Coone.y of San Jose nearly lost a
brlndle sister to Captain Kane's Greenball
on Wednesday. She was ruck by a Mis
sion street car, but the motorman dropped
the fender In time and the. greyhound was
picked up practically uninjured.
John H. Bnrfelnd has lost by death hi*
promising Australian puppy by Cough
Mixture-Native Lass. The puppy sickened
and died without showing any symptoms
attendant upon ordinary diseases to which
young greyhounds are subject.
OAKLAND TO MEET
THE CONQUERING
ALL-CALIFORNIANS
The Ballplayers From Across the Bay
Hay- Unlimited Confidence In
Their Pitrher, Steffani.
The Sacramento and San Francisco ball
teams, having had an opportunity to show
what they could do In fast company, th«
Oakland* will be sent against the All-
Callfornlans lhl* week, and put to the teat
to which the other teams were subjected.
The Dudes are remarkable for the con
fidence they have In their playing ability.
They are going agalnM the All-Collfor
nlan* with the expectation of at least
breaking even. They are particularly con
fident of Pitcher Steffanl's ability to
puzzle the hitters of the Eastern aggre
gation. Toward the close of the regular
season Steffanl was pitching high class
ball and It Is thought by many that ho
will be the star of the league next year.
Notwithstanding the heavy rains of the
last few days. Recreation Park diamoml
has absorbed this moisture and wilt b»»
in good condition for to-day if the storm
ceases. The line-up for to-day is as fol
lows:
All-Callfornlaa. rn«lUnn». Oakland.
Chnnce Catcher Hammonl
Knell Pitcher Ilorch»r»
Shanahan Fir-- base Hutehlnson
Mertes Second has« Dunleavjr
Hulen Third base 1.-mc
Lockhead Shortstop Sihm»»'
McCarthy Left Said.. Mnsklman
Van Haltren Center field Donovan
Johnson Right field Hardle
Teams representing the St. Nicholas and
Philadelphia laundries will play a match
game Sunday, at 10:39 a. m . for the bene
tit of J. Magorty. a paralytic.
Careful Housekeeper— Bridget you may
get all the preserves we canned last year,
and boll them up again. I am afr. i : they
have begun to work.
Brlgct— Like enough, mum. like enough.
Everythln' 'round this house has to.—
Brooklyn Life.
LAME BACK.
Does your
y^ff\ back ache?
J&lr Va Have you
111 v ft? dull, drag-
/V» 3r3 r glng pains
vZT j -4»<. below y.mr
JByJT'V kidneys?
/ til I M V x ways want
\ JllASr y\. s~\ to sit down?
Kill It /Jj^i ; If you rto « •
V I'll I x/^^ /you win find
rf 1/ II f n'l<k and
II /If D^^^r wonder fu I
ill I^fl\*^ relief In my
in \'Ti\ Electrtf
m\\ / l\ lieU '' »
KB I I II a t il r e's
!*'%} >-^* f remedy for
* \y\ these troub-
l e s. i 116
dr. Mclaughlin method
of applying electricity gives me
power to send the strengthening
current directly to the worn-out
muscles, to . give them new life,
canse a better circulation, and In a
few days a permanent cure. You
wear It while you sleep.
Call and test It free. If you can t.
I will send you my booklet free tell-
ing all about It.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin.
TOT Market St.. cor. Kearny. 8. F.;
Burdlrk Block, cor. gyring and Second
Bts.,- Lob Angela. Ofile» bour»-« a.
m. to S:3S p. m. ; Sunday*. 10 to L
NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
56
SATURDAY.... DECEMBER 16, xßqq
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrejj All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
IHIILICATIOX B)l I HI.. .Murkrt and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main 1808.
r.niTOttlAl. IOMI 217 to 221 Stevcnuon St.
telephone Main 1*74.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mniclr Coplcn, O «>■!«.
' :.* Term* by Mall. liiilndlnK I'ontagret
IIUI,V CAIX (Including; Monday), our >e«r..
DAILY • Ml (Including Sunday). <1 months. . 3.(K>
tIAILV CALL (Inrlndlnir Snndnv), 3 months. . 1 r."
DAILY CALL— My Mnulr- Month •<"<•
MMIAV CALL One Year 1.r.tl
Wi:i:ii.LV CALL One Venr i <*>
All iiukiiuKnlrrit arc authorized to receive
anltacrlptiona.
Sample copies Trill be forrrnrded when rfqarilfil
OAKLAND OFFICE fM>S Droadwar
c. GBORGB X noons?.
Mnnacrr Foreign AdvertUlnar. Marqnette Dnlld
lnir. < lili'HKii.
— — — _
M \V TOIIK . OKRBSPOKDBWTI
C. C. > II I >'•> Herald Square
xf.w. vouic iu:i>ui:sk\tati\isi
t'KlinV I,IKE\S Jit M Tribune Building
cniCAGo M \N •« v i \ mi*.,
Sherman Moonci P. O. \m« CO.l i.rrat North
ern Ilutel; Fremont Honvei Audlturlum Hotel.
KtCW YOUK M \\ v STAXDSi
Waldorf-Aittnrtn II.il.l; A. llrrnmnn, 81 Union
Sqnaret Murruy Hill Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (X). C> OFFICE. .Wellington notel
J. F. i:\GLISII, Correspondent.
Hit Will OFFICES — Of M.mtKomrrr otreet. cor
ner Clny, open iiml'l I>j3O oVloek. :iIK) Ilnyea
Mrrrl, oprn until !»::tO o'clock. as MnAlllnter
■ Ircet. <»|i«-n mull OISO o'clock. (lift Larkln
Mrect. open until OISO o'clock. lIMI MlHulon
■""• • ' open until 1O o'clock. 2U<sl Mnrkct
■ treet. corner Miteenth, open until •» o'clock.
1000 Valencia street, open until I> o'clock.
l«Mt Kleventh ktreet, open until i* o'clock.
KW. corner lw .n > -at* oind and Kentucky
*irc«-t««, open (■■■•ll J» o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhoum— VaudeMlle,
Columbia— "The Unn's Mouth."
California— "The Fportlns; Duchess."
Tlvt.Ji— "Tar tnd Tartar."
Grand Oi»-ra-Kou5e — "Th« Chimes of NurmanJy '
Alcazar— ••Mother »rth."
AH.anibra— Georgia Minstrels.
Chutea, Zoo mjii Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
r\. Mac.
Ol>-mj4m, corner Ma?on and Ellis utreeti*— Specialties.
C»njtraJ Park.— Htperlechase and Coney Island.
I'anorara* Battle if Manila Bay. Market rtreet. near
I.lr::!..
W«-Men» Turf Afsociatlon. Fan Mateo Countr— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
: ' • 't H, it v o'clock.
THE STRfIW EOND EVIL.
T Thomas A. Kelly, former
net, who wa» indicted
a straw bond upon which 1
• aped from the Lny
rt of mile post on the broad
ry and corruption.
The manufacture of straw bonds has been a Police
Court industry with which the authorities have tem
porized and trifled for many years. Grand juries
have investigated numerous scandals having straw
bonds for their objective, the police have protested
publicly and privately against the acceptance of such
sureties, and the Supervisors have occasionally
:i<]o]ited measures to restrain the evil; but the case
fixers, the clerks of the Police Court and the political
bosses have continued to divide the proceeds of the
business without practically any more serious inter
ierence than an occasional new>-paper exposure.
Every time a new Board of Supervisors has been in
ducted into office the members have been warned
anair.st appointing as Police Court clerks persons ad
dicted to tht habit of accepting straw bonds. But in
most cases the warn ings have Rone unheeded. Year
after year a class of men have sought and obtained
these places whose only purpose has been to use therf
fur ueu.-itinp justice and acquiring wealth corruptly.
I be punished.
■nd flagrant, but his
:ormatory
the sew cb rtcc v. D do what
tent, the Police
"lggled for years to do —
the straw bon>! c
■ • of corrupt officials to accept
■ r to procure •
■ | rixers and I - •
■ : the 4 "■-■unty Clerk, | <
' m no rase will they be
That function has
1 to be called a "warrant
- id a good salary' ftttd
This individual will
. he must be
• c courts of the
a unine the sure
- ted in sums of less thnn
I rrpon on their sufficiency
bet they are filed ll<* is
pen continuously, and for
- two clerks, who mu^t
leys. His bond is fixed by the charter
However, notwithstanding all this, it is well enough
to pursue the evildoers in the Kelly case. Judge
Lawlor having called attention to the perjury em
ployed in the defense of that individual, if the Grand
Jury now does its duty it will find several more in
dictments.liut the evil of accepting straw bonds will
receive its deathblow on January ft. Like Othello,
the case fixers will be without an occupation after
late.
The Sultan of the Sulus has struck a hard bargain
with Uncle Sam. The South Sea savage has prom
ised to protect Americans from assassination and
s»iracy in exchange for America's guarantee that
slavery and polygamy shall be recognized. Expan
fion is playing" some sad tricks with American ideas.
Campbell hit the nail on the head
■ when in the discussion
'" overs' Convention in
"\. '"We have had talk enough on the
let us have organiraiion."
" barber who tried three times in three days
irffe to death must have
• :ia.k which sometimes makes his craft so
■nnable to customers.
• <r nickel-in-the-slot telephone
c has been hung tip in the Supervisor*.
H'hit n expect of a telephone ordinance?
TELL THE TRUTH-
SENATOR CHANDLER has not done well in
moving to table the Pettigrew resolution, and
the Senate did worse in adopting the motion.
The resolution asked for information, for the use of
Congress, upon the extent to which the Filipino gov
ernment, organized by a proclamation written by
Consul General Wildman. had been recognized by
the army and navy of the United States. This in
quiry is amply justified by the official statements of
•:an -now in his reports in the State Uepart
nciit. and by the more recent testimony concerning
the action of our naval authority in the affair at
In his public addresses and in his message the
ent has left the disposition of the Philippines in
the hands of Congress. That body represents directly
the people and the States. It is influenced by public
opinion, aii'l that should be based upon full knowl
edge of all the facts. The people of the country wish
to be just. With the facts before them they will de
vhat is just We can rise superior to any na
tional misfortune. In the course of our history this
country has been invaded; its Capitol has been
burned; its soil has been desecrated; the union of its
a has been dissolved and re-formed; its Presi
dents have been murdered, and it has survived it all
and emerged from misfortune stronger by reason of
the difficulties it has mastered. But it has never been
guilty of injustice and dishonor, and will not be un
less intrigue and deception lead the instincts of the
people astray.
itor Chandler has not explained how Congress
can act intelligently in the grave matter referred to
i* by the President unless all the facts are before it.
The summary suppression of thi? resolution of in-
quiry j'.ams and locks the door upon all the facts
which are material. The same Senate, when it rati
fied the treaty of Paris, qualified that act by its reso
■ disclaiming any intention of our Government
•rmanently annex the Philippines. Whether that
disclaimer were wise or otherwise it was the solemn
act of the treaty-making branch of Congress. It is
known that without that qualification the treaty could
not have been ratified. This disclaimer was made in
view of the disclosures of Wildman's official reports
and the reports of our army and navy officers. The
suppression of this inquiry into further facts in the
line will be taken by the country as a confession
• ■ these facts exi>t. It would be taken as an ad
mission that action under Pettigrew's resolution
would disclose the formation of a Philippine govern
ment under Wildman's proclamation, the exercise by
it of all the powers of government, civil and military,
including the 1 I - jht of nationality in the parole
of prisoners of war. and that it had a flag and an
army to follow it and a fleet that sailed under it.
N« I Mowing these is the admission that
the four islands were surrendered by Spain to that
government, with the exception of a small strip of
territory around Manila Bay and the city of Manila.
It prill be seen, therefore, that suppression of the in
makes no part of the situation any easier for
• in authority, bin rather tends to increase their
difficulties. The people of this country- are not chil
dren, to be chidden for asking questions. They are
the final z- .nd have a right to know the rei
son for all thing 9 done by their Government. They
are not going to be frightened by any disclosures.
They are not afraid of the dark and surely do not
shrink from the light.
We regard it a? extremely unfortunate that the
Senate refuses to «eek the facts. Admiral Dewcv
talks about shooting Aguinaldo when we catch him.
We can do that. Spain <hot Rizal. The Filipinos
are giving us a guerrilla fight, as they did Spain, and
it is proposed that when we take prisoners we shall
execute them as Spain did. But then things are not
me way as by Spain. The
Spanish Government is not republican. The people
had no responsibility in the slaughter of Ri.-al and
the wholesale butchery of guerrillas in the plaza of
Cavitr. Rut when we imitate those thing* it is the
• r.eople. W e nre sure that the freemen
who mrr f ire-ide<*. in who^e name
the awful Bt of death is pronounced on the
Othei 'he world, will want to know that the
sentence i« just, and they cannot know if their «er
marily suppress the information upon which
alone the righteousness of the penalty can be deter
mined.
AMERICAN EXHIBITS AT PARIS.
PVENJAMIN D. WOODWARD. Qnited States
Commissioner to the Paris Exposition, gave in
the course of a short interview just before his
recent return to Paris a good deal of interesting in
concendng the prospects of the American
exhibit there. It appears from his statement that we
will surpass the world in the departments of machin-
I engineering, and yet we will not be able
to make complete display of our work in those lines.
The reasons why we shall fall. short of showing all
we can do or have done is curious. In the first place
the prosperity of the country and the activity of in
dustry have constituted a handicap in an unexpected
way. Many of our manufacturers have actually been
so rushed by the work of filling orders they could
not prepare exhibits. Mr. Woodward is quoted is
saying: "All American industries are crowded to the
utmost extent. In many cases manufacturers are
working night and day to fill orders. It is difficult
to get materials. Many exhibitors who took space
and desired to exhibit find it impossible to use it.
They cannot get ready. There will be no carriage
exhibit, for instance. It has always been in other
exhibitions an important exhibit, and the manufac
turers were very anxious to get space, but when they
Start building a vehicle for the exposition it is sold
before it receives the first coat of paint. A customer
comes in and finds it to be just what he wants, and
immediately he demands it. I have finally had to give
up the idea, of settings-carriage exhibit.''
Another obstacle in the way of obtaining exhibits
has been the rapid absorption of manufacturing plants
by trusts. By reason of these movements toward
larger organizations individual manufacturers or ex
isting manufacturing companies stop all their plans
for making exhibits, and the trust organizations are
not effected in time to undertake them. We have
thus the curious paradox that we shall make an in
complete industrial display at the expositi6n because
of the very activity of our industry and the magni
tude of its enterprises.
In commenting upon the State displays Mr. Wood
ward Riven the first place to New York hy reason of
the magnificent exhibit it will make of engine
work. Of our own commonwealth he uys: • I Tho
State of California has prepared at great expense a
large relief map of the State; also maps and models
of the largest engineering work on the railroads of
the State, and of long-distance electrical transmission,
which is an important thing. California's appropria
tion is being expended very judiciously. They are
doing exactly what we wanted them to do."
Finally it may be noted the Commissioner is san
guine the exposition will be thoroughly ready for the
opening day. "We shall make it a matter of pride,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT/L, SATURDAY. DECEMIVKK I<>, 1899.
he said, "to be ready on time, and the French and
others will do likewise. Our first material was
shipped on the Prairie— a Government transport. We
have completed all the contracts for all of our four
annex buildings to be finished on the first of Janu
ary or February. They will be devoted to agricul
ture, liberal arts, marine and forestry."
Thus it appears that while our display will not be
a comprehensive one showing all we can do, it
will still be one that will astonish foreigners, and in'
most respects at any rate witf be in good shape when
the first visitors see it. Our Government has not
voted so much money for the exposition as other
great nations, but private enterprise has made up the
deficiency, and Americans at the great world competi
tion that closes the century will have well founded
reasons for pride in the work of their countrymen.
LIEUTENANT N I BLACK of the navy, after
six months' service in the Philippines, has de
termined upon a complete reversal of our
policy toward Chinese labor. He says: 'The Chi
nese, of all the Asiatics, are individually the most
trustworthy, commercially the only honest, and as
employes the only faithful people who are at hand
as the true instruments to use in making these islands
a veritable treasure trove. To restrict them in any
way will be a political blunder and commercial sui
cide."
It is announced that Admiral Dewey is in thorough
sympathy with this view. The other members of the
Philippine Commission are not as marked in their ap
proval. We have no doubt that, as an economic
proposition, Niblack states the truth. He is backed
by the fact that no tropical country has ever im
pressed the world's commerce with its surplus pro
duction without using some form of servile and do
cile labor. White men cannot work in the Philip
pines, and it is proved that the natives will not work
beyond supplying their simple .necessities. Our
dream of wealth, therefore, is to be realized by the
exploitation of cheap coolie labor from China. This
labor is to produce such a surplus of hemp, sugar and
t< k-ieco as to make the islands a treasure trove. We
are told that between them and the United States
commercial intercourse is to be free. No pretense Is
made that coolie wages in the islands can be raised
to the American white standard. If it were pretended
no one in California would believe. Out of an
abundant experience we have learned that Chinese
coolie labor here, instead of going upon the white
standard, established here the coolie standard for
white labor, and for that reason we demanded the ex
clusion of Chinese. But why exclude them here if
they are to be commoners under our flag in the Phil
ippines? From there they can continue a still more
dangerous competition with the American white
wage-worker. They can really make the islands a
treasure trove for the few who have the capital to
exploit cheap labor, but the white labor of this coun
try will be more vitally smitten than ever.
It is a settled element in the protective policy that
to admit free to our markets the products of servile
labor which compete with the products of white labor
| here is the equivalent of domesticating servile labor in
| this country to compete with white labor face to face.
; We call these matters to public attention now.
i Others say this country will cross that bridge when it
comes to it. The same men will say, when the bridge
is reached, that it is manifest destiny; the flag will
be waved and white labor will get a stunning blow in
the name of Fate and Patriotism.
WHEN* reviewing a few days ago the recom
mendationj of the Postmaster General The
•ued out that his plan of petting rid of
the deficit in the postal revenues by restricting the
amount of matter carried as second class mail would
have the immediate effect of reviving the cry for a
reduction in the rates paid to railways. It is con
i by impartial rtndentl of the subject that either
of the proposed remedies would be sufficient for the
evil, but up to this time it has never been possible to
get a majority in both houses of Congress to decide
which one to take.
. There i^ do reason why both remedies should not
be applied. The abuses of second class mail privilege
should he checked, and st the same time the exces
sive payments to the railroads should be stopped.
By that process the postoftice would not only be rid
of its annual deficit but would have each year a hand
some surplus to turn into the treasury or to be ap
plied to postal improvements of one kind or another.
It never seems to occur to anybody in Congress,
however, that both economies might be practiced!
and consequently the advocates of each are just about
strong enough to defeat the advocates of the other
whenever that other gets a bill before the House.
In the last Congress the action of the House on
the subject was a farce. When a bill to put an end
to the second class mail abuses was to be voted on
a majority of the members, without regard to party.
i 1 they would never restrict second class mail
privileges so long as the greater evil of railroad ex
tortions was permitted, so they voted against that
bill. A little later, when a bill to reduce the postal
payments to railways was under consideration, a
majority vowed they would never impair the effi
ciency of our railway mail service by a false economy
so long as frauds were tolerated in the second class
mails. So nothing was done. Every Congressman,
however, had made a record which he could show
to his constituents to prove that he had endeavored
to put an end to extravagance or fraud in postoffice.
affairs.
The Postmaster General has given his indorsement
to the proposed restrictions upon second class mail
privileges, and now comes a representative of the
National Board of Trade and urges in place of that
plan a reduction of railway payments. TTr i* reported
as saying oo per cent of the mail is carried in railway
mail-cars, the railroads receiving an average of $.75,049
annually for each of the 021 cars allotted to this work,
whereas for passenger cars the receipts amount to
only $10,528. He advocated a horizontal reduction of
25 per cent in rates paid railroads for carrying the
mails, and charged the Postoffice Department with
discriminating in the interests of the railroads. He
expressed the opinion that a cheap parcels post could
not be secured until this ceased.
The statement that we cannot expect a cheap par
cels post until railroad mail rates are reduced is sig
nificant. It is known the express companies are
fighting against the establishment of a parcels post.
The railroads will of course fight any attempt to re
duce their revenues from the postoffice. The two
forces will, naturally combine, and as a consequence
postal reform at this session is hardly to be looked
for. It will take a long fight to overcome an oppcv
1 sition of that kind.
Patriotism seems to be in disfavor at the mtional
capital. The House nf Representatives has declined
to he represented officially at the unveiling of a
statue of Daniel Webster which has been erected in
Washington.
THE CHINESE OGAIN.
THE POSTAL PROBLEMS.
THE SAME OLD ASS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Robinson, a mining man from San
Andreas, is at the Lick.
Joseph R. Ryland, a San Jose capitalist,
is registered at the Occidental.
J. F. Parke. a wealthy mine owner of
Jackson, Is staying at the Palace.
Sidney N. Hodgklns, a traveler from
England, is a guest at the Palace.
District Attorney Carl B. Lindsey of
Santa Cruz is a guest at the Grand.
W. A. Bowen, a well-known business
man of Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
A. Trebelll.tho singer, is at the Palaco.
He arrived from Australia on the Mari
poso.
R. H. Gaylord. the Pasadena capitalist,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife.
Arthur H. Flemmlng. one of the leading
business men of Pasadena, is a guest at
• . I '.ibice.
Mr. and Mrs. Garrett have come down
from their home in Mary«\ille and are
staying at the Lick.
Rev. Dr. Murphy, a prominent clergy
man of Baltimore, Md., is registered for
a short stay at the Grand.
Edward de la Cuesta, a wealthy cattle
dealer of Santa Barbara, la among the
recent arrivals at the Lick.
Frank S. Johnston, a well-known fruit
man of Los Angeles, is registered at the
I. irk while on a short business trip to this
< lty.
F. W. Macfarlane, the Honolulu mag
nate. Is one of those who arrived in the
city y* sterday on the Maripopa. He Is at
the Palaco.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Edward Chambers, ac
companied by their daughter, have come
up from their home in Los Angeles and
are at the Palace.
D. H. Davis and G. Schumacher, two
wealthg fruit buyers from Chicago, are
registered at the Palace while on a busi
ness trip to this city.
Arthur Patterson, a traveler from Lon
don who Is making a tour of the world,
arrived on the Mariposa yesterday and
went to the Occidental.
C. Schraeder. paymaster of the German
cruiser Geler. is at the Occidental on his
way home to Germany after having been
detached from his ship.
A. H. Harlln. W. H. Newman. R. Has
l'>m and J. J. Tully, a quartet of Stockton
business men who are visiting the city on
pleasure bent, are at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. McClanahan arrived in the
city yesterday from Honolulu and regis
tered at the Occidental. Mr. McClanatian
is one of the leading attorneys of the isl
ands.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CAT to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
■ ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HIS OWN SON— Amelia. City. The man
who. pointing to another, says: "Brothers
and 6isters I have none, but that man's
father Is ray father's son," allude* to his
own eon.
ILE DTT DIABLE-J. H. W.. City. He
dv Dlanle. on which Dreyfu* was con
fined, is one of a small group of three Isl
ands off the coast of French Guiana. In
4 north latitude and 53 west longitude.
The group known as "les lies dv Salut"
aro a part of French Guiana, on the north
eastern coast of South America, 31 miles
northwest from Cayenne. They ore called
He Joseph, Ho Royale and He dv Diable.
A SIGN-W., City. If a widow desires
to practice dentistry, and wants fo place
a sign at the door of her office, It would
be 1n good taste to use the following:
Helen Wank, D. D. 8.; that would con
vey the Information that she Is a doctor
of dental surgery. If she nhould use, Dr
Helen Klank It might lead the reader of
the sign to believe that she was a prac
ticing physician. The most comprehen
sive sign she could use would be Helen
Blank, Dentist.
A LIST OF COlNS— Subscriber. City.
Of the long list of coins submitted, there
Is but one that commands a premium;
that is the three-cent piece of 1&65 for
whirh from 28 to 50 cents is offered *Tho
selling price of the others is from 20 to
s<i rent* advance over fa«.e value The
selling price of a half dollar of MM Is from
$2 50 to $6. The selling price of a $10 gold
ptod of 1842 is from $13 to $15. The Mint
mark "O" does not stand for Ohio, but
fur »w Orleans.
HOMING PIQBONS-8., Alameda. Pal
If y..u have picked up a homing pigeon
that belongs to the I'nlted States Navy
you had better communist.* with the
Navy pay office In th.' Phelan buildlrnr
Ran Francisco. In California a perron
who picks up an estray is entitled to rea
sonable compensation for the care of the
same, also to a reward. Homing pigeons
may be registered with J. Barnes secre
«JT 6 f ' allforn «a Homing " Pigeon
Club. 163 Tremont avenue. San Francisco
LAUNDRY JOI'RNAL-A Subscriber
City. The answer given last Saturday rel
ative to a laundry Journal was based on
the fact that It does not appear In th*
H»t of papera published in the directory
of Sun Francisco that there is such a
publication as the California Laundry
man, and the name of that publication
does not appear In th* lint of claw Jour
nals Printed In Ro -ir» directory of pa
pen Published in the United States: but
nnrlm««? l anSWer WaS PU»>lish*>d this de
partment has been furnished a ropy of a
periodical V" u d , In this city faring the
title, of the California IxiundrymanV
FRATERNAL
ELECTIONS
San Francisco Cam D of the Woodmen of the
world has elected the followlnK-naraed of fleer,
for the ensuing: term: W. B. Wilson, consul
commander; M. J. Merryfleld. advisor Heuten-
ZZL? m ' Mallatl J r . banker; H. J. McCUntock.
clerk; E. Gordon, escort; A. V. Bartholomew,
■entry; > B. Friable and J. W. McDonald.
managers. v* y
Mount Moriah Led** ot the Fre. and Accept
ed Muoni has elected the following officers: J.
C. Klmball. worshipful master; W. C. Hack*
senior warden; Frederick Craumer. Junior war
den; J. D. Richards, treasurer: Theodore Fre
nch, secretary: H. U. Davis. D. M. Richards.
umT °" Hlckox - trustees. Th. Installation
will be on the »th lnst.
Hermann Lodge. I. O. O. F.. has elected the
following named a* Its officers: Ern«t Nebner.
noble Brand; John Kuebn. vice grand- M R.
Jager. secretary; Jacob Altman. treasurer; Wil-
Ureckwoldt. trustees. Reuter aDd * r
,T, Tn * fo ." owln *..r am<1 ' d * re thOM wno h»ve been
9OM to preside over Sequoia Parlor. N 8
O. \\ . for the ensuln* term; Henry B<-heper
p^i™ '• J#hn H Dumb -ell and Murrv I>
I ohlmann. vice presidents; Hlchard D Barton
recording secretary; Charles E. Torre" flnar."
c '»' r^tary ; .Lewis M/nannan. Insurer;
A. Gudehu,. manihal: H. T.. Senstacker. JaniH
F. Lyons and Mathew O'Brien, trustee*; pr
B. F. Ix»nn»>lly. RUrceon; 6. A. White II
Scheper and W/Jj. Goodwin, directors of the
T a [' ,° f ,,!^"''/- - N '- " °- W. The officer, will
I* £5 2? January 7by Charles Heverln of
San Francisco Parlor, district deputy grand
president.
Golden Gate Parlor. N. 8. G. w ha* elected
the following named as it« officers for theeneu
'n 5. tf ™; FrrJ Suhr Jr.. pant president; Julius
Blebeshelmer. president: Fred Craum»r Louis
?v f°K ri stL » n '» .L<mll". L<mll " Bleb *« vlc# President.:
A.lr.iph Eberhart. recording secretary; David
» ll»"n. financial secretary; J. H Mclsaac
marshal: A. H. Blakely. trustee; Dr. A j'
Fltzjrlbbon. Dr. E. B. Howard and I>r j" L,
Arbocast. surscons. "
Y<mn Ladles 1 Institute No. 7 has elected the
following named for the ensuing ti>rm to serve
as Its officers: Kate Buckler, president; Jn«ie
Shea and Mary Daly, vice presidents; Kittle
Burke, rwrdlnir secretary; CelU Vounr. finan
cial secretary; Mrs. W. C. Bones. treasurer-
Kate Daly, marshal; Xano Mahoney, Mary
Mr. an. Ma«!e 11,, Mn . Mrs. A. Lewis and
Mrs. J. Fojrarty. trustees; Florence Dempsey
oritanlst. and Dr. Wendele. surseon
. Ivy I.od(fe { !*! * Knight* of Honor has
elected the following named as Its offlcer« for
the ensuing; term, which will end on the Jint
of December. 1900: Frederick W. riiiiman
dictator; Thomas Corbett, vice dictator; Kel
son' R. Norton, assistant dictator; Isaac On
yon, reporter; Oeorite C. Beor. financial re
porter: Charles W. Ives. treasurer; Jame« Han
sen. Chaplain: Henry Schwarz. rulde: John
Cronln. guardian; A. O. B. Barthold. sentinel;
Louis Zeiss, James Hansen and Nelson it.
Xorton. trustees.
Lincoln I. rln Friends of th« Forest, hns
elected the following' as Us officers for the next
term: Mr*. Susan Tryon. president: Mrs
Bertha Mackrett. vice president; Mr». Mary F
I The Sunday Call's j j
| GREAT CHRISTMAS \
\ ISSUE.... : :
i Out December 17. i \
! JAN INNOVATION IN \
A CHARACTER AND QUALITY. jl
;J Note the Great Features : §§
!▼ KITCHELLS MARVELOUS MADONNA. V ,
• ''/ A composite photograph of the famous beauty types
of the Madonna. The most strikingly beautiful pic-
i ■ ture of the age. : i
| MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by
Mark Twain.
j THE LEAGUE OF TEN. by Madge Morris Wagner.
| A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Ouida. ']
I THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS. by Heiter M. Stowa.
iA FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Mary E. Wllklns. ,
THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS, by Hester M. Stowe
FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Mary E. Wllkins. ,
CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS A
CAME, by Major Jose Ramon Pico. £a
THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER- by Father ii
:£>•• Yorke. rx*.,; 1 ::IC.;-O- ?v? v
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVE'S CHRIST-
*.. ERANS. ' MAS.
, CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. HOUSE.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR {CHRISTMAS AT MANILA.
CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
'■"'• - Neither expense nor time has been spared, and
*» the Sunday Call, December IT, will bt the ■'9/t
£^»^ roost artistic and Interesting. Christ- _^ s *l2
irnTlfxT'^QL- mos Issue In America* jQp,*^&X&Vk
WHERE BRYANISM
HAS LED DEMOCRACY
Not a Democratic Go
of any Northern Sate.
Not a Democratic Senator
from any Northern State.
Both h«
Republican
Nca York 1' mo
New Jersey lost !
Connecticut I 000
Indiana I B 000.
Old leaders deposed and
Populists in control
Nothing left to lose.
— N»w Tnrk IFerald.
Waldo, chaplain: Mrs J. A. Duncan, treararrr
*;«•. A. I. Craig:, financial atcmarV MIU
'.*"■.'• «. M»lM »l" rll - recor.llnn •*cretary; M,"
Annie Sharp, marshnl: Mary Burrou/hs war'
■len; Mn. OeorKla Uoot. Inside iru.ir 1 J*m%
M. Duncan ont.lde iruard: Mrs li»||« r^h!
rnond. orranlst: John Rlnner Mm. Ida Ula.k
all and H. B. n«rllngarae. trustees. ****"*'
Christmas no\*eltles at Townsend'i. •
Fine plum pudding at Townsend's. •
Time to send your Eastern friend
Townaend's California Glare Frultn; Me rt»
In fire-etched boxes. 627 Market; Palace.'
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th-»
Press Clipping Bureau ( Allen's). Mo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
— ■ m ■
No waiting at Townsend'*; plenty of
h .',' ip - Th°"«ands of packages of CailforMa
Glace Fruits ar-i Candles packed all ready
to hand out. 827 Market street. •J• J
Great bargains— Closing out children's
i*- 00 9me?.f«l9 me ?.f «l dolls, cheap. Sanborn.
vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Goodman's Will Contested.
Adolphua Henry Scott, a grandson of
the late George Goodman, who died Dt-
c * r H^''£v, i. IS3B - 'Paving an estate vaJuP't
at $20,000. filed a contest to decedent'« will
yeaterdav. He alleges that the deceased
was unduly Influenced by his children.
Duereasso Goodman and Lucretla
Thomas, and also that he was of unsound
mind at the time the will was executed.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist excursions, via,
Santa F« Route, with latest vestlbuled. can 111
upholstered sleeping cars, through from Cali
fornia to Boston every Wednesday, St. Paul
every Sunday, and Friday, to St. Louis every
Sunday, and to Chlcaro and Intermediate
points every Sunday, Wednesday ' and TrHa>
Call at ticket office. t2S Market street for full
particulars.
Letter Carriers' Association.
Th.-> San r'ranrl* •<•, letter Carriers' \[ ;
tual Al<l A
tw.lfth annlver.o
a ball In N Hall on t!;e i
January 2'V
The CaUfornia Limited
On the Santa Fe Route. Connecting train
leaves at 5 p. m. Monday. Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. One day to sea Los Anir-|e. anil
beautiful Pasadena If desired. All meals served
In Harvey's .Untrue cars. Finest equipped train
and best track of any tin* to the East. Gee
full particulars and handsome folder at ticket
office. «2« Market street.
Badgesky Again Sued.
Mary A. Henarle, by her attorney*
Rofffru, Paterson A Slack, has nidi
another suit against Louis D. Radgesky to
recover title- to an Improved lot of lan-1
on Haight street, near .Broderlck. which
she all- i;. Radßc-pky InJuced her hus
band, the late D. V }: Hrnarle. throujrh
undue influence and fraudulent repr»>
mentations, to convey to him. Mrs. Hen
arie aJ»o domandn an accounting.THE THEODOR IN TROUBLE OFF THE HORN IN FAIR WEATHER.
THE German four-masted bark Theodor has hrul an eventful career. In 1562, she was launched from the yards of
R. Napier & Sons. Glasgow, and In her time was one of the fastest steamers running between Liverpool and New
York. Faster craft were built, however, and tho steamer was relegated to the second class. Boon the was not
Ijood enough for that, so her machinery was taken out and the was christened the China. Later she* became
the Magallar.es and that name can still be traced on her bow, although it is partially covered by her present name
Theodor. On her voyage here from London the Theodor was 232 days on the passage. She was partially dismasted off
the Horn and had to put Into Honolulu for repairs. The vessel was twentydays coming' here from the Islands.
MORE BIG REALTY DEALS.
BUSINESS has been good In real
estate circles during the past
week, notwithstanding tho fact
that we are on the verge of the
holiday seasi»n, when all property
transfer* are supposed to be more or less
neglected. The fact that south of Mar
ket street property is sti.l in great de
mand received further jiroof in the t>:Ue
I y Thomas Magee & Sons yesterday of a
l.'t near the water front for 554.000. The
property has a frontage of eighty feet,
and the pufcoaser contemplates the erec
tion of a line building on that and the ad-
Joining site. No further details or de
scription of the property are yet obtain
able.-
It was also reported yesterday that Irv
ing M. Scott had purchased a big block
of land In the same district, adjoining the
site on which Miller, tioss &. Scott are
about to erect a new building on the cor
ner of Mission and Fremont streets. Ac
lorJ.i.g ta report Mr. Scott has purchased
the lot i;;7:G by 123 st on tne southeast cor
ner of Mission and First streets lor
|13fl.0i*) from the Meyers estate, and also
the adjoining property on First street
and extending back i'7s feet to Fremont
street; which wa* bought by H. E. Uothin
■ w.-ek ago for |45,yw. This latter piece
of l^Liid is known as the- Howard prop
irty. and has a frontage of fifty feet on
both First and Fremont streets. Mr. Scott
in bald to have paid Mr. Bothln 550.1 M)
for the land. It was also reported on the
itreet that the purchaser of me property
w«u> I. H. de Young, but 11 is understood
that mat fact was denied by Mr. d.-
Young, <uid although Mr. a :).:•.-. declares
be has* not sold, tne belief is quite „■ :.
ir.it that If Mr. Scott .as not already se
cured tl)«xe two valuable pieces of real
t>:ate the negotiations are under way unJ
v — be tOi'isummaied within a few dayb.
Should this report prove true. It Is pre-
Kuxned that a large building will be
erected Oil the Site, whlc. •■ ..I be occu
pied in part by the offices of ih« Union
Iron Works.
The other big transaction of the week
w.i- the one heretofore reported of
Thomas H. Williams Jr.'s half interest In
the HalU-ck building to Frank S. John
ton, guardian ?or Frank llansford J.ohn
j-on. for JI2O.AM. The purchaser Is a
nephew of Mr. Williams, and is now the
owner of tho whole property, provided, of
course, that the hale li» cunnrmed by the
I'm!. ate Court.
The Douglus Investment Company has
told to Mis. Alice Welch, wife of S. B.
Welch, the house and lot tS:9xl27:» on the
north line of Pacific avenue. CS:S> feet west
. : Steiner. for 5 *.:.-j. In part payment the
Douglas Investment Company took the lot
in the south line of Pacific avenue, s<j feet
east of I*l tree street. 40x117:*. at a valua
tion of $12.iKJ0. This lot was deeded by
Mrs. Minnie P. Tatum to Mrs. Alice
Welch prior to the exchange with the In-
M-nmnit ("onij'any. ShaSnwaid. Huckhee
& «*o. conducted the negotiation. The
hanc firm reports the sale of the house
and lot ut 212 Pacific avenue, lot GS:9x
127:»'«, to It. tfpreckels. The seller was the
«':.rlt estate, .-.:.•[ the price paid was
Rust ell fie Surryhne teport the following
recent sates: House rikl lot 23x100 on the
north line <>f Page htreet, between Web
fter and Flllmoro. for JT^O-t; a house and
lot 20x60 at ISli I^eavenworth htreet. for
fl»v0; a lot 51x125 on the weft pldo of Chat
tanooga *m-et. IS2 south of Twenty-first,
I21M; v. lot 24xsS on the south line of Hush
7!« feet <-Jißt of Ilroderick. J15."i0; lot
SSjcIOO on the north line of Fulton street,
t.'. fret <*ast of First avenue. 11000; lot 2.*.x
<C:6 on east lin«* of <'npp street, 75 feet
south of Nineteenth. $ICV>; a house and lot
r-.tl.T::* on east line of St. -in van street. 23
We Have Not Advanced the
Prices on Sealskin Garments
Notwithstanding the recent '. *tM&(f£
i enormous raise in the prices of ; '^^^^\
\ Seaisklns, we are still cffrrln? ' }$£$&£%>
! garments at former prices, fully « | £• tt££
~y PS o/
BELOW -.vhat others are char;;- ; >^S^^.^^^^?sk
ing similar goods. | v - ,  ~ '/^
i Sealskin Jackets $150"":: ®PwßrW
LONDON DYE V*W UH- i JB^S£§Y J^
I: Fur Neck Scarfs. Bit* ' I^^
Curved Stone Marten Opossum < * ■ \\&' l\
! Scarf, i head and 5 tails.s2.so \ ■- \ Il\
Same in S.bie color $3.00 [ Children's Fur Sets for
Horseshoe Stone Marten, Opos. !| Holiday Gifts:
! sum Scarf, i head* and 8 I 75c ur
la I $3.50, $4 00. $5.00 <! '
• i Every garment beautifully fin-
Sim? Scarf in SaMe c010r.. .54.60 \ ished, fit and quality guar-
H. LIEBES & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED.
THE LAftCEST FVH HOUSE lit THE WOULD,
Nos. 133, 135, 137 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
feet north of Eighteenth, $2500, and a lot
26:Sxlw on tsouth side of Point Loboe ave
nue. SO feet cast of Eighth avenue, for
tUM).
Baldwin & veil have sold 16ts 50x100
north line of 1 street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth avenues, for $ltnw; svxl2ii.
«-uft t-iue Nineteenth avenue, near H
Mreet. for $14*); west line of Eighteenth
avenue, between H ami I streets, for $-">75.
and a house and lot 25x75 on San Carlos
avenue, near Nineteenth, for $2iw.
Easton. EMridge & Co. held a regular
auction sale of local realty on Tuesday,
at which the following pieces of property
were sold: West side Taylor street (Nos.
2jl»-2027». 62:6 feet north of Filbert, six
Hats and lot CxM feet, JXwO; north side
(No. COt Mint avenue, through to Steven
pon street tNo. Ill), three-story building
containing three l!at.=. also a cottage. I>U
25x75 feet, *>70u; noxth side (No* 4f<>4)
Twentieth street, 230 feet east of N ••.
house of live rooms, lot 25x114 feet. $Ss'»;
north Fide (No. 331-K Clay street. 10:2 feet
east of Walnut, residence of 12 rooms, lot
2T:»:xl^T:0 feet. 17100, subject to approval;
northeast corner of Devisadero and Hush
streets, lot lOOx&Stf feet, with nomjnal im
provements, 514. C.«); west side (No. 250 M
Mission street, 52 feet south of Brook, and
No. £13 San Jose avenue, store and cot
tare, lot 2">x133:3 feet, $3'J<y>.
G. H. i"ml • & Co. held an auction sale
of realty on Monday, at which $15,000
worth of property was disposed of. Nota
ble amonK the bids received were those of
$14.75" for the lot 50:3x72 feet, with a three
j-tory building thtreon. on ihe southeast
corner of Haight and Steiner streets, and
of Jl2A*t for the hit sr'xl<>>5 r 'xl<>> and flats at 1435.
1437 and 1441 McAllister street, between
Pierce and Scott. In addition purchasers
presented themselves fur the nine pieces
of property sold in partition by order of J.
C. Culler.. Martin Stevens and John 8.
Rolls. They included the southwest cor
ner of Sansome and Greenwich streets,
houses at 21*. 22.1 and 222 Lexington ave
nue, lots in the Garden Tract Homestead
Association and realty In Alan Men
doclno and Fresno counties.
Five new building contracts, represent
ing an aggregate value of $3i».7t3, were
JiW'd during the past week. The largest
was that of the Santa Fe Terminal
Company of California, with. Peacock &.
Ilolliday. for alterations of a freight
warehouse at Main. Spear, Harrison and
Itryant streets, for 121.000. Henry Kahn
contracted with Thomas Magee Jr. for al
terations, etc.. In a building on the south
east corner of Ellis and Glasgow streets,
at a cost of $3100. A M. Speck awarded a
contract to Jones, Peterson & Rountreo
to erect a two-story frame building with
trick foundation on the south line of Green
street. 174 feet east of Van Ness avenue,
for $3750, 11. A. Schultze contracted with
A. F. Hellmuth to build a two-story house
on th* southeast corner of Seventeenth
and Folsom streets, to cost JI.V-j. Joseph
ine Aubrey let a contract to D. T. Fran
coeur for alterations and additions to a
one-story and basement building on the.
northwest line of Pine street, 11<> feet west
of Devisadero, to cost 11320. ■
The savings banks, building associa
tions and private capitalists of this city
loaned an aggregate of J ."._■'.. ICi upon local
real estate during the week ending De
ce.mber S«. against $42<».5Ki for the previous
week. The loans of the savings banks
were as follows: Hibernla. $75.^50; Ger
man. $K3.400; San Francisco Savings
I'nlon. J2H«.WW; Savings and Loan, $21.
30^: Humboldt. t2»,~>*y. Security. $2500:
Mutual. $10,000. and French. 135.0U0. Th«
loans of the building associations
amounted to $5750. and those of private
capitalists and others were 534.9C5. The
San Francisco Savings I'nlon made one
loan of $?"0. < «»Q and one of $17.5 M, pre
sumably at 6 per cent, that being the rate
of nil the loans by the Hlbernia, Includ
ing on«* of »»"."■". and of ihr Mutual and
most of the Humboldt. including one of
$13,500. Tho French Savings made one
TITE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1899.
loan of $20^000 and the German one of
JTS.Oi-O. probably at 6. Releases for the
week were J329.&20. a€alnst $182,050 for the
.», Th guilders- Association has elected
the following officers for the year 1900-
President,; C. P. Moore; vice president!
thares A. Day; recording secretary.
Charles M. Lindsay; financial secretary.
O. O. Oilleapie: treasurer. F. \V Kern;
c . 35* M3 s*M. utlve ' committee— Valentine Franz.
\\llliam Horstmeyer. C. M Mason, J. D.
Hannah. J. E. Mallory, A. Guilbert. Carl
Krecker.
The Holly Park Improvement Club will
give a house-warming party at Its new
nan on Crescent avenue, near South ave
nue, to-night. The committee on arrange
ments Is composed of H. E. Wlnkler. P.
Hillers, Fred Plelhop. L. J. Clark and
Thomas L. Comyns.
Henry Michenfelder is erecting a two
story frame building, to cost about $4000.
on the corner of Lux street and San Bru
no avenue. South San Francisco. The
second story will be used as a public
hall for entertainments, etc.
The Macdonough estate has decided to
demolish tho four-story brick building on
the southwest corner of Grant and Union
Square avenues and erect a four-story Iron
and terra cotta building on the site. The
new building will cost about $35,000.
The report that the Red Men's build
ing. 320 Post street, has been sold to A.
Aronson for $105,000, Is erroneous. It Is
stau-,1 that the property Is held at a much
higher valuation.
A. L. Cummings. a returned Klondlker.
has purchased, through Bovee, Toy &
Sonntag. IM acres of hay, grain and fruit
land In Kern County from J. E. Edwards
for $16,890. The same firm has also sold
forty-three, acres of land In Solano Coun
ty for V. W. Slater to J. G. Reynolds for
$4300. and eighty-seven and a half
acres In San Joaquln County for G. W.
Curtis to William E. Wilson for $13,000.
The Probate Court of Contra Costa
County has confirmed the sale of nearly
500 res •■( good farming land, near the
town of Danville, by the executor of the
estate at D. N. Sherburne, deceased. The
purchaser of the land is A. Lebrecht of
Walnut Creek. The price paid was nearly
$10,000.
David Bush, manager of the country
land department of G. H. Umb»en & Co..
reports the following recent sales: Twen
ty-seven and a half acres of land, two
miles from Kapa, near the water works,
from G. W. Martin to Mr. Maxwell. Miss
Brad) and Mrs. Lee, two sisters and broth
er, for $2000: 400 acres of land in Bolllnger
Canyon, near Mount Diablo, in Contra
Costa County, from the F. J. Pringle
to Bi-rt rt.>niiiKer f'"" V^'JO.
Black Patti Troubadours.
Th- advance sale Of the Black Pattl
Troubadours, who open at the New Al
nambra to-morrow ni^-ht, has exceeded all
Latfons. Deaplte the rain the sale
I morning at the box office
N'.w Alhamhra with a rush and up
k la?t night almost the entire
•house had been sold out for the opening
::nan<H-. to say nothing of a big sale
For the remaining portion of the nrst
The famous colored prima. donna Is sur
rounded this time by the best and largest
. >mpan) the bas BT«r l.rought to the
ird the big performance Is said to
r superior to any thins she has ever
given • has a grand chorus this
time of thirty voices and a troupe of Ine
rest colored '-"medians on tne stage.
44 THE FR AW 'LEYS"
AGAIN ON DECK
mR. FRAWLEY has withdrawn
yMV, "Th« Fatal Card." a title tlrnt
li Ih v* came near having a double sig
nificance, and has called a new
deal with a revival of "The Sporting
Duchess." The latter Is a far better play,
however you may look- at It. although a
certain tone that It seems to have In the
first act »«• very materially lowered by the
clots of melodrama that follow. In his
last dramatic experiment— ln his present
selection' of plays and people— Mr. Fraw
ley is treading close to the danger line of
tolerance. He has allowed too slight a
margin of safety, and it is his own fault
if the more discriminating element of his
onco enviable clientele has deserted him.
Frawley's name was one to conjure with
In the past, when he gave- us Blanche
Hates and Frank Worthing, but ho should
not count too much upon the things that
he ha." done and try to cajole the public
Into believing that the Frawley company
must necessarily be a great organization
by virtue merely of its title. The man
ager of a theatrical company cannot rest
on his record and hope to succeed with
indifferent wares, which Is a lesson that I
think Mr. Frawley Is taking to heart
about this time.
There are possibilities In the company
as It Ik- there is promise of better plays
In the future, and personally I wish Mr
Frawlry good luck In his enterprise; but
the necessity of rending htm a lecture la
not the less on his present showing.
"The Snorting Duchess" Ib a play of
modern Kngllsh life in which the arts of
Intrigue are dexterously employed and the
vices of society exposed in an amazingly
outspoken manner. There Is never a
veiled allusion, but rather a boldness of
speech that Is absolutely unnatural In Its
crudeness. Th<>re Is some good unaffected
dialogue and fair comedy, and. art aside,
the play Is one of movement and Interest
PORTER GARNETT.
I&natian Evening Dress Function.
All arrangements for the 1900 party to
be given by Ignatian Council of the
Young Men's Inntltute In Native Rons"
Hall on the night of January 12 have
1 n completed. A fine orchestra aad
wtll-kiK'wn soloists have been engaged,
hihl special attention will be paid to
itloiu. I::vltatlons arc to be obtained
only from members of the council and
In accordance with an established cus
tom the function will be an evening-dress
one.
On account of the time neces
sary In the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVEBTIBE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
MAIL STEAMSHIP
MARIPOSA HERE
FROM AUSTRALIA
Brought a Number of
Notable People.
A SHIP CAPTAIN MADE HAPPY
HIS SON AND HEIK BORN OFF
THE FARALLONES.
Captain O. J. Humphrey Goes East
to Buy Steamers — Steamer
Thyra Goes to Portland
to Load Flour.
The Oceanic Steamship Company^ mail
eteam**r Marlyosa arrived from Kydney
via AurUiaiii, Apia and Honolulu late
Thursday nlgtn. Trre run from Honolulu
was inado In the good time of I U.i\s a
hours. Captain Hayward will not go out
on the steamer, ou the 27th lnst. His> plac«
will be taken by Captain Houdlette of tha
Australia. Captain Hay ward will visit his
old home in Connecticut and will then go
to the Cramps' yards in Philadelphia, to
superintend the completion of the new
steamer Ventura.
Among those who came up on the Marl
posa were Mile. Trebelll, daughter of the
famous singer, and her sister, Mlsa Van
dono. The ladies have btn.-n on a concert
tour through the Australian colonies,
where they were very successful. Harry
Cogill, who was well known as a variety
actor here fifteen years ago, came back
on the Mail boat. He Is accompanied by
his wile and son. Miss Edna Hay ward,
me youngest daughter of Captain iiay- i
wara. also came borne on th» jtlanposa.
While the Mariposa was at Apia there
was great rejoicing among the Uerman
element over the settlement of the Sa
moan question. The news that Germany
was to have L'polu and Savali and Amer
ica Tutuila bad been received tile day be
fore, nence tne German jubilation.
There was a horrible murder of a trader
just before the M;tr;po?:i arrived and con
siderable mystery attached to the affair.
b rank Cornwall, well known throughout
the group, had been found dead in his
house, 'lne killing had been done with a
small hatchet, but there was no trace of
the murderer. A native woman was ar
rested, but as there was no evidence
against her she was released.
One of the cabin passengers on the
Martposa lost her purse shortly after she ,
landed on the wharf. In order to unlock
her trunk f-h-- laid the purse down on a
case of goods. After the customs officer
got through examining the woman's ef
fects she turned to picK up the purse, but
found it gone. It contained $23 60. A vig
orous search was made for the missing
article, but no trace of it could be. found.
The complete list of cabin passengers by
the Mariposa Is as follows:
From Sydney— S. K. Laldley. Miss E. Hay- i
ward. Mile Trebelll. Mile. Vandono. Mr and
Mrs. S. C. Howell. Mr». Congan. Miss Consan.
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. El well. Mr. and Mrs H
CoitlU. Master E. <' frill. Mrs. Olarkenuon. r>r
J. P. McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. W. Howell and
three children. Mrs. J. Howell, W. V. Huza
cott. Mrs. Sloman. From Auckland— R s
Sac*. A. Conway, A. H. Patterson. Mrs Ken
nedy. From Apia-Robert TlbbltU, Charles
Schroder. From Honolulu— L. Marcus. C C
Qulnn. M. M O'Fhasjhessy. W. H. Townaend,
Mr. and Mrs. P. MclV>nald, J. C. Ward. Mr. '
and Mrs. C Conradt, Mr. and Mr». J. V :
Winter, and child. Miss M. Llewelyn. Miss N.
Cook. W. P. Dili F. W. McKarlane, Mr. i
and Mrs. McClanahon. Frank Andrade, Charles
Harklnson. Mlsa F. C. Falrchlld, Miss Will
mann. Mr*. C H*MiTr.ann and three children,
Mr. and Mm. S. L. Rich. Mrs. C. A. Rtch. W.
A Bowen. Captain Bray. Mrs. Wlddlfleld. Miss
Wlddlfleld. Miss M F. I">re.vfu«». Mrs. A. T.
CartwrlKht. Mlfs ti«iH-lch. D. B. Smith, Mr.
and Mrs. Silltir.an. W. G. Irwln.
The steamer Irrawaddy, now loading at
Philadelphia for Port Los Angeles. In the
John.«on-L<« line, has been purchased
by C. D. Lane of this city for $1"4."- and
next spring she will be placed In tho
Nome trade.
The transport Aztec arrived from Ma
nila via Nagasaki yesterday morning.
She brought up neither passengers nor
freight. As soon as her damages have
been assessed by the Inspectors she will
be turned over to her owners. In a
storm off the coast of Japan the Aztec
lost her foretopmaat
Captain O. J. Humphrey of the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company starts for the
East to-morrow. He will visit his old
homo In Yarmouth, Mass., and will then
go to New York in search of some ptoam
era for the Cape Nome trade. Captain
Humphrey is a great admirer of the San
Francisco detective. Sunday last he was
taking some friends through Chinatown.
They visited the Chinese theater and one
of the ladles, upon seating herself, threw
open her Fealskin sacque.. The garment
had caught in a very valuable amethyst
brooch set In diamonds and when she
threw open the coat the brooch was jerk
ed from its fastening and thrown among
the crowd of Chinese In the theater be
low. Captain Humphrey laid the case bo
fore the police and on Monday the brooch
was recovered from a. Chinese who lives
a Ocean View.
The British ship Otterspool arrived from
Valparaiso yesterday In ballast, after a
good passage of fifty days. On Decem
ber 9. when off the Farallones, the wife
of Captain Reid presented him with a son
and heir. Captain Johnson, the pilot, sug
gested to the father that It would be n,
pood Idea to have the boy christened
"Farallon Reid."
Martin Jones, who calls himself a clerk,
was charged at the Harbor police station
yesterday with burglary. He opened the
door of the People's Express Company'
office on Market street and was walking
ofr with a package of cigars valued at
$40, when he was caught.
The long-looked-for schooner Martha A.
Tuft arrived from Grays Harbor last
night, after a passage of thirty days. She
was delayed by the southeaster.
The ship Cyrus Wakefleld has been put
on the berth for Honolulu. She will carry
a cargo of 3500 tons of general merchan
dise and should materially reduce the
overplus of goods now awaiting shipment
to the Islands. She will bring a cargo
of sugar back to San Francisco.
The Santa Fe steamer Thyra, which Is
due here to-day, will, after discharging,
go to Portland to load flour for th»» Orient.
From the Columbia River she will go to
San Diego to complete loading.
Calendars for 1900.
"California Violets. >f "fioldcn Popples"
and "California Wild Flowers" are th«
moat popular calendars for 1900; price 50c
each. Catalogues ami price list of all
kinds of calendars furnished on applica
tion. Banborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market •
BELLBOY ARRESTED.
James Milledge Charged With At-
tempt to Commit Burglary.
James Milled*:*, a boy about 17 years of
age. was arrested yesterday afternoon and
charged at the California-street Station
with* attempt to commit burglary. Mll
ledge had hern employed as a bellboy at
the Russ Houoe, but was discharged some !
three months ago for drunkenness.
During the excitement of the fire on
Bush street yesterday afternoon Mllledge
entered the hotel where ho had been mi
ployed, and was In the act of searching
one of the rooms when he was caught by
one of the employes and brought before
Colonel Young, the proprietor.
Several keys belonging to the hotel were
found on Mlllodge, and as he could dye
no satisfactory explanation of his pres
ence In the room he was turned over to an
officer. About a week ago Colonel Young
found Mllledfe In the hallway, and for
the moment forgot that he had been dis
charged and passed him unnoticed. Tnat
afternoon a guest reported that a purse
had been taken from his room, and it is
thought that Mllledge was th* culprit.
« ♦ «
Revenue Canceling Punch,
Complying with new law, can he procured
from J. C. Irvine ft Co.. 751 Market st. •
Anniversary Banquet.
Court Rohln Hood No. 1. the pioneer
court of the Foresters of America in
California, will celebrate its silver anni
versary of Institution on Wednesday next
by a supper in an Elllf»-8treet dining room.
This will be for members and their lady
friends or relatives and for a number of
specially invited friends.
RB-^ :—: — i - ~*^B\l i tmr * J mr SJnJr v j i^. _ \aW ' - — . \^E23
■B>^-^''-^-~«-.--^7r*(j l |f/jfl^ vwM&S t ' i '^C'»s
jysScj_^^~ M *T^*j jpi tWv^s/ j kL< ~-^^j^sP^^ ~ ■- "if QbT '' ' J ' ' *^^B
BH ~ - - —^-f ■( tilt 1 1^^ '*^ v>\^ jo^flßflßßgL * HljH'
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Strengthens Racked Nerves.
Adjt. 5. W. Groomes, 140 East Jones St., Dayton,
Ohio, writes:
**l had great relief from Paine's Celery Compound last December.
While living: in Columbus I took a heavy cold that resulted in the urip. I
suffered intense pain with my head for three months. No medicine seem d
to do me any good until I bejjan using Paine's Celery Compound. Ail the
suffering in my head was soon gone, and 1 have Celery Compound alone to
thank for my cure."
Suffering has its first effect upon the nerves.
When the body is not sustained by nerve energy,
indigestion, slow circulation of the blood and an im-
poverished system result.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER ||
GOOD-BY FOR A WEEK.
THE FftAWLEY COMPANY
Will Lay OfT Until SUNDAY NIGHT, Decem- |
ber .4
Lait Matinee To-Day and Last Performance
To-Nlßht Of
THE SPORTING DUCHESS.
NLXI IUDAY AFTERNOON.
SPECIAL!
The Bis Rae-Tlme' Sensation From the East.
"THE HOTTEST COON IN DIXIE."
Presented by Forty Colored Binders. Dancers
and Comedians of Their Race.' Includ-
ing the ORIGINAL "CLORINDr"
CHORUS.
POPULAR |:| Evening 75c. 50c. Me
RICES 1:1 Matinee 50c. Be.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAUGHTER FOR YOUNG AND OLD!!
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY AT I.
EVERY EVENING— EVERY EVENING.
Brilliant Performance of
TarandTartar
Hie Cast of Favorites and
FERRIS HART/V\AIN.
POPULAR PRICES, V>c and We
' Telephone for ■>!». -Bush *.
Watch the Announcements for the Grand
Holiday Extravaranza,
"LITTLE 80-PEEP."
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
FRANCIS POWERS" Beautiful Mexican Play.
"MOTHER EARTH"
ItflU ißl&a'iD ILrilllll
Preceded by the Laughable Farce Entitled,
"UP TO WATKINS."
Monday Night— Reappearance of
ERNEST HASTINGS,
When will be presented the wittiest comedy or
the season.
"DR. BILL."
EffccWbe Christmas Display
dainty Cups. Pretty Clocks. Chop
Dishes, Ornaments, Vasts, Sifter Ware.
Lamps.
COME JUST. TO LOOK
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CHINAWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Setter and Post St 9.
861 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
_
.
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, ran
be obtained at all MtBJ deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
wiU be limited.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATI'RDAY). DEC. 1«.
Parquet. Me, any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
The Famous Legitimate Stan.
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The Monetarist.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Wet Collection of Vaudeville -tars.
Laxt Two Appearances
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
Queen of Comic Opera.
COLUMBIA'^
En-fagement of the Distinguished Actor.
M" FREDERICK WARDE
Together with MR. AND MRS. CLARENCE M.
liRL'NE and an Excellent Company.
Xatines To-Day, ROjIEO AND JULIET.
To Night. 'ME LION'S MOUTH.
XMAP NIGHT.. •■Tltn CHRISTIAN"
SI'NDAT NIGHT "RICHARD III"
NEXT WKEK-Monday and Saturday. "Vir-
flnljfi". Turnday Nirht nr. I Saturday Matinee,
"The Merchant of Venice"; WedneMay,
"Richard III."
Prlcr»— Evenlnjtu. 25c to $1: Matinees. ISc to 7^;.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN US.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
THE CHIMES OF
1 NORMANDY!
NEXT WEEK-"FLKDERMAUS" (Th*
Bat), by Strauss, the Waltz Kins.
Usual Price* lA\ Ssc. ISc. Ue and We
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, tic.
Rranch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
TO-DAY .... CHILDREN'S DAY I
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2 30 P. M.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE.
The Smallest Actnr on Earth.
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLn.
ELLA HURT Coastlnn the Chute*.
' AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT— SPECIAL !
Several of the fiercest and live-
liest rounds of the Corbctt-Fitz-
sinununs and JEHI RIES-FITZ-
SIMMONS fights, including the
knockouts ,
Phone for Beats. Park U. • '.
BASEBALL!
ALL-CALIFORNIA
vs.
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
| RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and HarrUon'streata. "• ,
GENERAL ADMISSION. O CENTS.
Ladles Admlttei Free to Grand Stand.
AMUSEMENTS.
71/fiam#ra~
i (Till; PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE^
Eddy »nd Jones Sts. hone SOUTH 770.
I^AST PERFORMANCES MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT.
THE ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
a MONSTER PERFORMANCE
Evening— ljr. 130. 3Zc, JOc.
Matinee— lie. Kc. Kc.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAT) NIGHT.
Black Patti Troubadours.
Recur* Feats NOW am! Don't Walt for
th* Ilig Crush Bundar Nlxht.
j Popular Prlren — !50. £>c, Jsc, 60c. T3c.
MATINKK SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Ue. 23c. Xc an'l Me.
"STEEPLECHASE !
TFNTIHI PiDL' lth ar -- ! M irW *' *'• -Op««
V L 'I«AL Irtlla Daily from I to ll:J0 p. m.
Admission loetodM the thrlllln* rt-> on th*
horiirs. I;., rv winner receives at r- "::.'.. 6uc«
reaslv-p winners will b* Kiven
A HANDSOME $20
COLD WATCH.
PROFkt:scm HIIX. the Win Wlr« Artlit:
MnriIANICAL HANI RAZZLE-DAZ-ZLE:
GREAT ROMAN CARROI.'SEL; HI.TYCLn
C'IROrS: AKHIAI. TRULLKT: lIARRKI. Of
I/)VE; KARTHwfAKK FLOOR: MYSTIC!
MIRRORS: lII'MAN i'AUE; lIAI'NTED
HPRINO: LIVKLY HLOWKJt. and a ■««• of
Other*.
Th? t'omplet^iy New Ftork of Prl*e» In'-lncJta
CHItIfc'TMAS PRKHKNTS AND TOYS.
1»— ADMIWION-IvV.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
PECOND MESTIKO, Dec. 4-15. 1190. Inclc»lT«.
Six hl(th-cla«» runnlnc r«■ ••■* e'err week-day,
rain or »hlne, bezlnnlnr at 1 .!) p. m.
Th* Ideal winter racetrack of America, ri-
tron* it«p directly front the rallrcad rar* ir.t >
a vuperb grand »•»•.!. gl.vo-inrloied. wher«
comfortably !-■ -i — I In tad weather they caa
enjuy an unobstructed view of th* race*.
Trains ftave ThlrJ anil Town«*nd ■-? • at
• :GO. : ■ 4 < and U3>> a. m.. ar. t 12: U. i: *'.. :: :.)
and 1 t' p. m.. returnlnir Immediately after la*t
rnce and at 4:43 p. r.i. Rear ran r«*ervtd for
women ar.J their escorts. No •moktng. Valencia
•tre«t 10 minutes later.
San Joi<> and way »tatl'>n9. Arrlr* at Han
Urn:; • «». 12:43 P. ■ Leav* San Dnino at 4:00
and 4:4S v m.
Rates: San Francisco tn Tnnfnran Mi return.
InclU'llng admlsirton to tra^k. II T>.
XV. J MARTIN. President.
' P. 11. OP.KFN. - »nfl J>lnn^a»v.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Panorama
IUIIUIUUIU The p an( , r ama M op»a
m  (!illy from 10 A. M. ta S
At th' P. M.
"I lllv A correct representation.
rx . m of the grMltal victory «v*r
Battle of achlerM vn land or sea.
OULIIC Ul surpassing anything »••-.-
exhibited In artlitlc merit
Manila Rav nd »ntere*t. Don't fall ta
Banna Kay n^ E , Uh M af ,et
<> ' ' Th* luxury, comfort, c ivimttKN, I
; ii cu.hlne and mwUarat* c£ujg--» aar* i
II clven tt. I
: PALACE and ;|
♦ GRAND :
♦ . »
♦ hotels a rvputattcn that I* known •Mr. ii
ii ever th* (lUh lanruag* Is sDokta. •
111 1 Connected by a eovereii pa»«a««way— 1
i 14» rooms— 9o4 with baths. ,>
I JOHN C. KIRKPaTRICK. Man*.?.- J
♦ »•»•••»■•••■»••■»-••••• •♦-— —
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
78
OPENED LETTERS
FOR SIX MONTHS
AND TOOK MONEY
• ■
Railway Mail Clerk
Blake Trapped.
GOOD FOR THIRTEEN YEARS
TEMPTATION SHOWED HIM
EASY LIVING.
Caupht by the Clever Detective Work
of Postal Inspectors Erwin and
Bricker. Who Have a
Clear Case.
PrestoiuA. niake. railway mall clerk, re-
Siding at J20." Sanchez street In this city,
• has gone wrnnit anil is now In the Coun
ty Jail lamenting the weakness that led
him Into terrptation. He was arrested
; yesterday by Postal InFpoctors Ei-win and
Hrlcker on the charge of taking money
from t-pcclal delivery letters en route !.<•
• twern this city and Ix>» Angeles and em
bezzling the K.xnic.
For the pa/rt six months Fm&l! sum.* of
mnn<?>* have been reported mlpslng; m the
• railway mall l>etwr en the two cities and
kiii examination of the letters showed that
{they had been opened by a skillful hand,
r their contents extracted and the letters
i c-arefully :esealed. Inspector Erwin took
I as his asjslMant In?p«M"tor JJricker. who
ha* done fume very clever work In his
line, and The two laid their plans to trcee
the theft ■ to the perpetrator. Their vigi
lance wiu* rewardtnl yesterday by the d«s
oovery that Hlake was the thief and they
put him jndrr arrent on the arrival of the.
train at the Oakland mole. When con
fronted with the positive proofs held
against him by tho agents Blake broke
down and confessed his crime, begging for
. mercy at the same time. He told them
• that his peculations beisan several months
• «ko. but that his st«allncs had not
amounted to more than a few hundred
dollars In all.
After he had ■ooa through th« "sweat
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^u^^^
Very small mmd. mm sasj
to ULke as •o'ptir.
SEE rARTTtfQI" 1 " 11 " see
u AK I IKo rot DiniMEss. * LL
GENUINE UITTLE BILIOUSNESS. GENUINE
GEMINE U^ R FOR TORMO LIVER. GENUINE
PILLS for cohstipatioh.
WRAPPER " — FOR SALLOW skim. wi?appfb
ITIIArrLK lfl|pi_Jroßl fl|pi_Jr0R the COMPLEXIOR KAFPtK
•j I OAUMJJLTIJU wucriuvcjuAHATvac.
"T^Hsl T J^JJ ON 'R'SZID PAPER."
STATE/V\EINT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
Orm: ftatb op
• "allfcrria. .m the 31*t day of lx>c«-nil*r.
A. V. I<sy. ur.d f<r the year «"ndlnic on that
day. a.c ;ra<V tv tli» Ir.nuranr* Commissioner
•if th«> Stale of <"«lifurn;a. l«ur*uant to the
provUtoan ..r Beetlon* «:h and till of the Po-
JiTlcil Code; oon<l«-nw« .1 » j*-r Manic furnished
ty the «.\>mml«i«ion<T:
CAPITAL
Amount of «'»j.it;.l 5»... Jc. |*|.J up In
Cub $1,000,000 00
- ~-
AKSETS.
Renl r«rnt>» I'trnM tiy Company $<M,7v« (*>
I^mn* on M<ir»i« an<l M..i-t.i.; > 43«.727 i)T
GaJth M .:.■•: \ ;..:.•• nf (ill r-t >. lea
ani !V,nJ»> uvvnod tiy «*nnijiany.... 2,'.>72.4ffl 00
Anwar.; of l^>ar« »i-ur»>l t>> p!i*dir*
■•f lt>niiK, Htrx-ku. and other :nar-
kctatota sweurttloa «!■ collateral...'. 2-l.s<7 c*
Ca*h in C'>;ni.:in>'ii Office 12.97* .*.i»
C«hh in Banfca 210.72S 1»
Interest <lvi' an>l accrued on Col-
lateral I. a- - r?j Tt"
Jntei-em dv»- and aocrurd <>n lJ.ind»
unii M(jtirra»r''n 7.7U1 IS
Premium* jtj due Oourne of Collec-
tion r ci.in n
Warrant* - :(.'.:;')!'.•
l»ue tn-m other C<.mi*nie» for Ke-
lr.»ura:»<-« on loxw-a alrrsdy j.alJ. . . 2.171 CO
Total .'•••!> «.Wu.:««
I.IAUILITIKS.
Lsvi-e* rl«u«ted and unpaid m.x>: 9:
l.nt>n-t. in priM-piiH t.f a..;. .•:•!■< Nt or
• In Sui«t»-nf«e Jin.OKT Ti
L»'»nre.» r^MnM. Inclti'linc «;***».. Cl2i 00
Grnrn jir*nilum« on Kir^ HUkn run-
nln»r ana y»-«r <ir I****. $<cz.llu s7:
re-in^uranr*- .Vt jwr r»rnt 4CCOC3 41
Crooc iir«'iTilurni« *>n }-lr* lt!i>lt» run-
nlnc nii-r" tlmn <•:!' year. 11. X\-
O'i .'■<*; r^-lr.Mir«n<^ i>r<> r»ta TH.tOt C
Cn>ra ;:■:..■.•- <>n Marine Tim*
lUsks, S ; re-ln*urance iO
p»-r ctit M>.»27 47
Total M:.i .:;•:■•- 11.415.507 76
IN. #
I f^fcfih b t*t us I] v *^fr*#*| v*hi *or Fir*
prrtnlutn* ". •. tl.4 c « MI S9
JCet Canh actually re<N-Jv»^l for Ma-
fine pretnlumi< . 411.909 42
rtw<Mv«"<l f>>r Intfiffct on !'..::■!«• an\
Monitnrm 27.745 27
Hr<-el\«^J for lnt»T*f<t ani dtvldemla
on Urr.iln. StuoJtii. I»nnx. and from
»ll rtthfr »'*urc«*«i JIS.r.H 16
Iter«>ivo«l for K.-nt« 24.71* 52
Toua m^ • - 7 :jo sc
-
EXPENDITURES.
}i*i »mot-nt |>ttd f,>r Vlrc I. .^<-<t
> Iri. h. )<• k- t l.i'».-« of j.|.--
vloua yrarxl SSI9/JK 92
JC'-t :i mount i«ild for Vnrine !,n. .»
Cnrlu.'jnt- f l. s-.-« uf pre-
vious year«> 2C7.529 29
PlvMer«i« t" £torkhi.ld«T» 120.0U0 00
I'nld or u'lfiwed ff>r < °>immli!<l»n or
Hrolterare 2:4.734 05
Paid for 8a!«rl«»*. Ffct.. nnd other
rharr<"« for oßl^r*. r>rk«. etc 216 "^3 57
Paid for StrU. National, and local
t«x«*» 44.ir.fi:,->
All other i«ynici • and expenditure* ••: If* 72
Total Expenditure* J1.907.r,C6 C 5
Is+mm Incurred rluiinr Fit*. Marine.
lsm*r* innjrred durlnr
th* ye*r , l '\VC. .. 1179.175 t%
I'.Wl •■ and Premtunw. | Fire Itlxkn.) Premiums.
JCet amount of Rlrkr! \
■rrlttra Ourins the
year JIRO.CS.-..315' $2,102,146 $1
»t amount of Ktckul
rxptred during the
yenr lK.Ott.Wtii 2.144.512 26
Net amount in force
Itertmher SI. 1«9g....| I^.<:a.'{.;S2; 2.K0.5J7 87
Marine J '
Ii »ks and Premium*. Rink*. Premium*.
Net amount of lU«ksj
trrittrrj during the!
year $10X24.676 $H*.JIS S2
N»-t amount of HUlc*
'•iplred during the
y.jir 1W.425.454 728.541 N
Net amount in force I
I»eoeirher 81. ig» «,»44.«t. lO.MIW
D. J. STAPLES. Prenldent.
nERNARD FAYMOXVILI.n. ImMui
*üb».. rU»<i and nworn' to before me. this 14th
4Uy of January. !W. M. M. RHOIIER.
X>eput7 Insurance Commissioner.
ing process" he was placed In the custody
of United States Marshal John H. Shine.
He win be taken before Commissioner
Heaeoek to-day and a date set. for his
examination.' '**«"'.*'
Mr. Blake's disgrace Is a surprise to his
friends, for he has been thirteen years
connected with the Postal Department In
various capacities. His salary In his last
position was ?r..V' per annum.
CABLE-CAR ACCIDENTS.
Three Occur on the McAllister
Line- Within on Hour and
a Half.
There was ■ chapter of accidents on the
McAllister street line yesterday afternoon,
all occurrlnc within an hour and a half.
About " o'clock car 237 was crossing Leav
enworth stret-t when a Post street car
came down the hill at a jrreat speed and
■truck tho rear platform of car 237 with
such force as to nearly overturn it. A lit
tle Kirl was thrown off, but was not In
jured, and all the passengers were shaken
up. Berg'eant Oleeson and Detective
Crockett were among the passengers and
Jumped off. thinking the car would topple
over.
Half an hour later J. E. Grady of Stock
ten was croHslng Jones and McAllister
streets, rolling a cigarette, when car '£72
■truck him, knocking him down. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where a
cut over his left eye was stitched and
dressed. His left leg was bruised. About
3:30 o'clock a McAllister street car struck
the rear platform of a l.arkln street ear
at the crossing of the two streets, and J.
F. Briscoll of 25 Golden str<-« I. who w:(«>
standing on the platform, was thrown off
Into the mud. lie was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that
he ha escaped with the hands being
skinned.
ROBERT DUNCAN MILNE
SERIOUSLY INJURED
WELL-KJfOWN WRITER STRUCK
BY A CAR.
His Skull Badly Lacerated and the
Injury May Prove Fatal —An
Operation Deemed Necessary.
Robert Duncan Wine, the well known
writer of .short stories, met with an acci
dent last night shortly after 12 o'clock
which may cost him his life.
Mr. Mi!:. was crossing Market street,
i between New Montgomery and Second,
1 when he was struck and knocked down
. by car 2SI of the McAllister street line.
• He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
1 by Officer Meyers, and it was found that
Milne had received a severe gash In the
back of the head and probably a fracture
of the skull. The examining physician
deemed it necessary to call In assistance
to operate on the victim. m»u«.t>
Th« ETipman of the car. P. He«iv. whs
?£ " lat «ne™ of witnesses, allowed to
?k ? .J . ov in r< *coKnlzance on the theory
that th»* accident was not duo to his care
mornTng. He mil appear in court ™*
NEWHOUSE WAS NOT
WILTSEE'S PARTNER
JUDGE SEAWELL HANDS DOWN
HIS DECISION.
Judge Sea well has decided In favor of
the d^fenuant in the suit of Oscar New
liouet. against E. A. Wiltsee. In which the
plaintiff sought to establish his claim that
he had a partnership interest In certain
i?«m? X Ti f tandtn*; m Wltaae's
fhe»# mine* were included in ih.
MgUi
. ■ »tute/of y fSSSt WI it
iitllP
■Hi
During the trial of the rase certain m - t
ter* developed that led Wiltsee to c ?nsl
the arrest of NVwhonw. nnd the cLo *.fn
sas. U L b * f °r Judß " I)u «nHn thfnear
future on habeas corpus proceedlneJ in
■mated In behalf of the defendant
Your Name in Gold.
Tour name stamped In gold letters free
r~m h |aTbo^V£^_^ *"■««
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 0:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
SEE
and critically examine*
OUR
new stock of attractive styles in
PIANOS
and more attractive prices ; from the
Incomparable KNABE to the low-
priced Boudoir.
EVERYTHING NEW,
rto old stock to work off on you.
Lowest prices for Standard Pianos*
KOHLER & CHASE, offiSa.
OPEN EVENINGS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899,
VICTIMS SAY CARELESSNESS;
GRIPMAN SAYS ACCIDENT
Cable Cars Crash Together at Sut
ter and Powell Streets and Seri
odsly Injure Two People.
BECAUSE of a gripman's bad Judgement or an Imper
fect brake — circumstances which In street railroad com
pany's logic are the direct result of a shower of rain—
two cars crashed into each other at Slitter and Powell
streets yesterday noon. One victim Is at his home with
a damaged kneecap, a lad is badly bruised and a score of
passengers in suffering, from shock.
The force of the collision was so violent that the dummy of
the Suiter-street car knocked the Powell-street car clear
across, the track, the blow doing serious damage to both. The
cars were crowded, and in addition to those injured many were
thrown to the street. Had the cars crashed into each other
a moment earlier the Powell-street would have been struck
in the. center and a fatality could hardly have been avoided.
The dummy approached the crossing at a lively speed,
struck the rear end of the Powell-street car. on which Joseph
Kahn and a boy were Standing'; and threw them heavily to the
Boor a« the car was derailed. The dummy should have waited
until the car had crossed, but the brakes were not used in
time to prevent the collision.
Joseph Kahn of 1207 Jackson street, a man of middle age
and crippled, was on the rear platform of the Powell-street
URGING CITY TO
SHAKE OFF THE
PULL OF SLEEP
•
Such Declared to Be
the Real Issue.
— »
BONDS WARMLY ADVOCATED
»
MAYOR PHELAN APPEALS TO
CIVIC PRIDE.
If earnest work on the part of Improve
ment and district clubs can Insure suc
cess, all of the bond propositions will un
doubtedly be voted upon favorably. Last
night meetings were held in many parts
of town. All were well attended, and but
one spirit was manifested— the spirit of
civic pride and progress.
Mayor Phelun visited several meetings
and gave short addresses in advocacy of
the bonds, but although he asked his
hearers to question him freely regarding
any objection they might have, no one
was found who was not In accord with his
Honor's arguments.
I'ixley's Hall, at Polk street and Pacific
avenue., was crowded by members ot the
Forty-first District Improvement Club
and voters when ex-Supervisor Denman
called for order. In opening the proceed
ings he said that some of the bonds need
ed no explanation, but regarding the pan
handle there is still need lor some popular
education. "We need schools, and shall
have them," said he. '"We need sewers,
and shall have them. We certainly need a
hospital, and we shall have it. We want
our park panhandle extended, and we
should have It also. Every great city ex
tends and maintains a creditable park and
boulevard system. We must have it too,
and we certainly shall have it It our cit
izens realize the value of It and their re
sponsibility. This extension will act also
as a great firebreak between the north
and south sections of the city, and this is
a new id. a that should not be lost sight
of l expect to see all the bonds passed
by much more than the necessary two
thirds vote."
P. N. w.-llin spoke in detail of the var
ious bond propositlons^and attacked some
of the existing fallacies concerning them.
He refuted the Idea that the sewer system
would result in tearing up all the streets,
destroying existing systems and taxing
small owners out of their property, lie
explained how the various sections of the
city would be benefited and stated that
the cost would be very small compared
with the immense improvements.
Mr Wellin said that the labor question
was disposed of by the charter, which
fixed the hours and the pay of laborers.
It will require from 500 to 1000 men. prob
ably for two years. to work on the park
extension, and all the money spent will
merely change hands right here In our
own city. lie referred to the opposition
to Golden Gate Park thirty years ago and
to the many arguments that were ad
vanced against it at that time and showed
how they had been proved fallacious and
misleading.
"Was there ever a time, he asked,
"when obstructionists did not arise when
ever a public Improvement was suggest
ed? They will always be with us. but
they must not blind us nor stop us. If
Chicago had had a park running through
h/r midst at the time of her great n*r© not
car. He was so severely injured that he had to be conveyed
home and at once put to bed.
"It appeared to me that the gripman of the dummy could
not have been attending to his business." said Mr. Kahn,
"for at that point Sutter street is nearly level, while Powell
approaches down a steep grade. The dummy crashed Into it
with great force, and a moment later I was picked up. dazed
and with fearful pains in my left side. I have suffered for
some years from sciatic rheumatism and now my knee is
numb and swollen considerably, and I also received a blow
on my back, which is causing considerable pain. A lad who
was stantling by me was also knocked down and carried into
a drugstore. Several passenegers were thrown from their
Seats, but not seriously hurt. I am only surprised that I was
not killed ."
The gripman of the dummy explained the accident by say
ing that the slippery condition of the tracks, due to the rain,
was- alone responsible tor the accident. One of the shocked
passengers asked him if a gripman is not supposed to make
allowance for a slippery track, but received the reply that
BUCh affairs are unavoidable accidents. The injured buy, after
being treated in a drugstore, was taken home.
one-half of that city would have been re
duced to a:'li.'s. We want to live here
and enjoy life here, and our children
want to do the nine, It is our duty to
• 'fiat Owe improvements are carried
out."
A. Sbarboro. representing the Associat
ed Improvement Clubs, was the next
sj>eaker. lit* .said that he does not own a
foot of land anywhere near the line of the
proposed park improvement, but was con
vinced that by extending the park and
building the sewers every inch of the city
would he directly benefit.l .
The adoption of the new charter has
mail.' it perfectly safe for. the city to issue
bonds, for every dollar that will be spent
will go Into the proper channel for which
it was intended.
"This is not an election of brfsses," said
the speaker, "but an election In which tins
laborers and the artisans are U) determine
whether they itre to insure an era of pro
gress or whether they are going to allow
another Coxey army to march out of this
State because there Is nothing to do here
1' Is a Question of whether you will allow
t c city to sleep as sha h:us slept for the
pust live years or whether she Is to b« put
in a position where she can double her
population and importance during the
next fifteen years."
Ch'-ers greeted Mayor Phelan as he
arose to speak. "Ordinarily we are divid
ed at elections," he Mid, "but ut this time
we can be united. We are to build a city
for the future. The pioneers, noble as
they were, only eared for their present
and made no plans for the future. They
intended only to make their money here
and go somewhere else to spend it. We
do not feel like that. It is true San Fran
etoco is out of debt, but if we have no
debt, it is equally true that we have noth
ing for which a debt may stand. It is only
our climatic favors that prevent this city
from being very unhealthy. Our schools
are a menace to child life; our hospital Is
a menace to tiie health of any who go
there. Oakland. Alameaa and Los An
geiei put up to shame with their beautiful
schools, anil they acquired them all by
Issuing bonds.
"It Is said that we should have necessi
ties before luxuries This is true, but
where Is the man who does not have both
if he can afford them? And is not San
Francisco wealthy en,, ugh to have both?
We save had the four walls of a house
long enough: it is now time we put a little
furniture ami a few pictures and carpets
in It. 1 would not vote to make San Ra
fael, or even Oakland, a world's resort. It
would be foolish, because they can never
be aught but suburban places and will
only get what w. leave. With San Fran-
Cteeo H Is different. We are bound to
grow and the more beautiful we make our
city, the more quickly will It grow. If the
acquisition <rf schools, parks and sewers
would retard the obtaining of our water
and light plants we might hesitate, but
these improvements we propose to acquire
now will but hel]. us in the near future to
own all our gas and water plants and per
haps other things.
Precita Valley Club.
The mass meeting which had been an
nounced for last night was unavoidably
postponed until Monday night in conse
quence of other pressing engagements ot
ttM speakeri who bad been scheduled to
addr«»« the meeting.
In the awntliws the club proceeded to
transact Its regular business. John T.
Oraham, chairman of the executive com
mittee, offered s resolution indorsing the
bond kssue tor all of the features em
bodied m tile proposition. The scheme for
UWtn was Indorsed la particular, as the
section of the < Ity in which the club v*
located and for which the property own
ers bave been contending erer since the
organisation of the improvement club Is
i!.««-d of sewer unprorements.
President J. B. Vlzzard spoke of the
dilatory tactics of the contractor who has
the tlilin,,' In of Bernal I'ark. This
lir.ni«ht rorth additional remarks from
Secretary Young, who announced
that the Supervisors had extended 120
more days to the contractor without any
seeming Justification, thereby protracting
the work, which should have been com
pleted months ago.
It was shown liy the statistics of the
number of families with school children
that there Is a necessity for another
school building south of Twenty-fourth
street, and to bave such a building erected
will be the aim of the property owners as
scion as the hond election so decides.
The dub has made ample preparations
for the mass meeting on next Mr>mTay
night, at which there will be able speak
ers present.
Park Sentiment.
The Trusting held at Devisadero Hall
under the auspice* of the Panhandle and
Ashbury Heights Improvement Club to
discuss the bond issues was largely at
tended. A number of speakers presented
stronp and convincing arguments favor-
Ing the proposed improvements. In call
ing the meeting to order Chairman C. D.
Saltield -xpressed the opinion that there
would not be 5000 votes cast against the
buml measures, lie had made a hoase
to-house canvass and found that business
men, merchants, lawyer* and labonng
men generally were going to vote for the
bonds.
Henry X. Clement, who was one of the
first Park Commissioners, stated that he
and his colleagues, Frank McCoppin and
<"l!;irlf>8 H. Story, had agreed upon the
need of a park at least 1000 acres in ar< a.
It was to extend west to the ocean nnd
t-aat to \an Neaa aveuue. As the charier
line extended to the west line of Devi«a
dero street the city had no power to make
any reservation outside of its limits. He
contended that the only way to acquire
parks, sewers, schoolhouses and hospitals
was by the issuance of bonds.
A. 8. Baldwin said that It was not a
question of squandering money but to buy
borne valuable land that will afford pleas
ure and comfort to the people and b* a
well-paying advertisement for the entire
city. There would be no trouble to sci me
a syndicate to buy the property Intended
for the panhandle on twenty \"e.ars' ti ne
hi " per cent. It Is a cold business propo
sition that will be of great protit to the
community.
Charles Sweigert, State Senator Wolfe
Assemblyman White, Charles Alpers, G.
B. Perkins and D. C. Henderson also
spoke of the benefits that would accrue
to people in all walks of life if the 'jund
elections are favorably voted upon.
Point Lobos Club.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club met
las,, evening to consider the bond :
Oeorge R. Fletcher presided. The attend
ance was large. Resolutions were adopt
ed that Indorsed the act of Mayor Phelan
In calling for the bond election;* invited all
Improvement clubs and citizens to vote
for the bonds; approved of the action of
the Merchants' Association, and also
pledged the club members to do all that
th*-y could to carry the elections on De
cember 27 and I*9 in favor of the three
propositions.
President Fletcher said that the reports
he had received from different quarters
had convinced him that all of Richmond
favored the bond Issues and was practi
cally a unit. The Point LoboS < lub wus
the first to take up the bond issue, and
was proud of its record In that connection.
The . (tension of the panhandle and the
boulevard would be of Incalculable value
to Richmond. President Fletcher also
named committees to work for the bonds.
us follow*;
Finance— William A. Deane, ('. R, Han
son. Volney E. Wincneii, John J. Cassldy,
1". J. Ward, William P. Johnson, George
Magoonis.
Xi- , tions— James M. Wilkins. D. 1,. Fitz
gerald, K. K. QUlob, Fred (Slander, (Hans
<;iesc, Fred L. Jones. Kmile Serveau
George H. Fletcher.
Visiting— John T. Williams, Samuel Mc-
Kelvey. p. M tfcGusnln, L. <;. McMullin,
11. U. Jaudin, Charles Goodall, 1. C. Cog
gin.
Press— Walter T. I.yon. J. J. Duffy
Charles Constant. Colonel Charlet a
Murphy, Robert Jordan, K. 1.. O'Connor
Chris Hunger.
LJteratur« — Krtward Olnley, I. S. Green
A. 1,. Holder, Nick Hesse, a. Hemenover'
J. H. Siv« rs.
The other speakers were D V Kelly
<'unis Hlilyer. P. H. McCarthy, P m'
YVellin and Mayor Phelan, In the order
mentioned. Mayor Phelan said that the
only question was whether the improve
ments were desirable, if they were they
were wanted; if they werv not desirable
they were not wanted. He then explained
how necessary they were, at some length
The meeting was enthusiastically favor
able to the bonds.
En Route to South Sea Islands.
HONOLULU, Dec. S— The missionary
pchooner Hiram Blngham, In char.
Rev. A. C. Walkup. the weU-knowa mis
sionary, arrived yesterday on her wav to
the South Sea Islands.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
I effects of the well known remedy,
Srßui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually.
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irrigating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are plea.sant to the
taste, hut the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna end
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig BTBVF
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
BAN FRANCISCO, OAI*
LOUIS VIXJLE. XT. JTEW TORK. W. T.
Vor ssje by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottlo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
No_2- M. I. S. T. No. 2.
W /. • * •** *^t £IS^Mmm\ mm ■fj '
I haTe irtTen personal Inspection to theworkingof M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
must say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. 11. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collegt.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter horn- lore standing. Any cane of I: ilamciatian of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate ('land, no matfr if the p..t» I».it»> -en fur rears forced to as*
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be cured, and permanently restore yonthful rigor and
I vitality. It In no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case •'
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Will remor* en-
; tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis. Locomotor
Atazia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the aerren.
M. I. S. T. lias bren on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of snff-
i erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians allorer the country. It is* pleasant to take and
808 HF^ P33 absolutely safe. It neTer increase* or diminishes the action of the
Warn Pwjy BLi ISr, heart. If you are suffering from any chronic Ji^rase Ton are urifrd tr>
H" nTa m ■■ write to u», no matter how man v doctors or kin.!s of nines yon
■ B Ifaifal bare trie<l without relief WE GUARANTEE TO Ct'RE 1"OU
That yon may judge of the Talue of the Great Specific for you. self.
t. a  we will send you one large case by mail FREE.only askieg that
when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, girlng symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for 15.
Addreta M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
f IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL, ?
*♦ SUNDAY, DECEMBER (7. ♦"
I ■■ . — I
: ; WHEN CHRISTMAS STANDS AT '$
| GOLDEN GATE. I
« ♦
*♦ A Full Page Drawing by MARY DAVIDSON, the Pacific Coast's V
V Most F amous Newspaper Woroan Artist. Now •*
•* . Studying Art in New YorK- ■
♦ ♦
•♦♦*♦%♦%♦•.♦•.♦•.♦%♦%♦•.♦•.♦•.♦•.♦ •.♦•.♦♦•♦%♦•.♦ %♦•.♦ •.♦•. ♦•.♦•. ♦•.♦•
*&)**' ■' I? Jutk \ *~g^
U <off«>«iiT li 'I**
A LOT OF
TALK
On the subject of pood laundry work
is not necessary. Our work sneaks for
Itself. Superb color and finish and the
absence of "saw edges" on your collars
and cuffs ate our specialties. • ♦
United States Laundry. Offic»
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount il«-"| r «l.
Subscriptions at low as $1 will «n*.llle
donor to this dalnttly artistic volume
••FIELL» t-LGWtKS"
• i. nth bound. 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Ib ready for delivery.
Hut for the nobfe contribution of the
world's 1 greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved Doet
of childhood. Address
EDUEMK riELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR TOMD,
ISO Monroe St.. Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is Inserted as our
> .- .■ * Contribution.
BAJA CALIFORNIA \
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wondirful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
d Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circulars
2 OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
• Rff YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PAB!l
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Dec. S7rSt. Paul Jan. 17
New York.. Jan. 3 N«rw York Jan. 24
St. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louis Jan. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
South wark Dec MlNoordland Jan. 10
Westernlaadl ...Dec. 27 Aragonla Jan 17
Kensington .....Jan. 3|Frlesland Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
30 Montgomery st., or any of Us agenda*.
\ ■ ■■*, »_'- ■■• <* m jt a iiJri~iMHißilEWHiiiillHiMirt'T rT IMsi i ■ .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
'5% Steamers leave Broadway
fffr^ pi Wharf. S.in Francisco:
i-'T^'V M.4>kan ports 14i n,
'J vt**k'lrV'3fc *^ c - '"• "-'• •'■ J in - '• eh « n *'
1 a^sV safinssn l .'' c nipsvny's steamers at
I sCssWaH^l
B^JpS-^^PJ*! For Vi>-t^rla, Vancouver,
■ "^^HtSi/fti < 11 C.), Port Tnwni'nJ. H'-
attle, Taroma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a m . Dec. 17.
23 • 27 Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N..R'y.: at T i ma to N. P.
R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Par. IS.
JO. 25, 30, Jan 4. and every fl'th day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. JJonterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford <San Luis OBIapo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Peftro.
East Son Pedro 'I-"" Angeles) and Newport. »
a. m.. Dae. 11. H. 12. 26, *>. Jan. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San I>l»go. stopping only at Port liar-
ford (San Luis ObUpo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and RMondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Dec. 18. 20. 24, M. Jan. 1. and every fourth
day thereafter
For Kns^rwida. Mardalena Bay, San J«««» d«l
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. LaPas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Hej •. 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ■ .»
For further Information obtain company's
folder
The company reserves the right to cnanc*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
TIOKKT OFFICB —4 New Montgomery
»tr»^t (l"a!«ce Hotel).
QOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. On. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
' THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. in.
FA DC * 12 Flp«t Clkm Inclndlnx Bert*
IMnL $8 Second Clans and Meals.
State of California. ...Sails IVc. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 1
Columbia Sails Dec. 9. 19. «*• Jan. *
Short Line to Walla WaJla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
F. C WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Bmnnan streets. 1 p. »..
for YOKOHAMA ami HONGKONG, -ailing at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nugniakl ami Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of railing.
AMERICA MARL* Thursday. Dec. tl
lIONOKONO MARU Tuesday. Jan II
NIPPON MARU Friday. Fel>. »
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. Tor
freight and pannage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVEHY. General Agent.
SBPHWIP p - p - MarlpnM satis
™y92hS. v!a Honolulu ant
.VrilWl Auckland for Sjixlnev
' Wedn»sd«y. Dec. 27.
MShID«) "' • »• »• Aostrall*
/alir,4iii. nU * for "onolul.i
KfsPW\]y w-: tesday. Jan. 1».
R .^ rlt Ve^ n^ R i° 1 th ' "Ad* "Hawaii
Engl?nd. Ne eTc.ftro na nrsl Ui c t «a a » l . U * SUtU
 b. afKCCKELS4 dRGa Ca Aon ------
Piar 7. Foot PidtcSt^^tW^«7SS?g
COMPIORII OESERALE TIAJISATLAHTIQIH
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
falling every Thursday Instead of *ttif?*
Saturday, from November 2. ISX) at J*ift
10 a. m. . from Pier U. North River, foot of
M A^nr"vV L^ NORHANDiut Nov.' II; LA
GASCOG.NE. Nov^H: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
m : A i«? RF ? rAGNE ' I)fC - 7 - First-claw ta
Ilf.nH't l^ an « upwar '>: 6 P*r "nt reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre. $45: S per
cent reduction ton round trlp ' GENERAL
•^^ NC^ EP X UNTTEI BTATES AND CAN-
ai>a. :2 Broadway <iiudaon building). New
I ♦ kT/ KLOA ZI & CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents, s Montgomery nve San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBa
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJH
Steam or "Montlcollo."
MON.. Tl>». Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:4J
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. in. and « JO; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
P. m Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Mer No - I. Telephone Main 1501
FARE ;..., ...JsbiCITY FINANCES
CONSIDERED BY
THE SUPERVISORS
Auditor Wells Gives
His Views.
— •—• —
REAPPORTIONMENT OF FUNDS
■ ♦ — —
MONEYS PAID UNDER PROTEST
FOR TAXES TO BE USED.
Excess Property of Estates Revealed
by Probate Court Proceedings
May Be Added to As
sessment Roll.
Th© Finance- Committee of the Board of
Supervisor* yesterday considered the mat
ter of adding to th© asseesment roll sev
eral suras In excess of the statements
returned to the Assessor which were di
vu.ged by the probate of the estates In
the courts. The following estates are In
volved In the proposition:
WUllaa A. riper. JK.6.U00; Charlotte A
Lyr.cJx, IM.IM; n. c. •:it!:r.. r M7.7U: It. H
riuaimer. KJ.S&4; Roeer :-ndenta«i. MUM:
C. T. KlrcfckoS. J1T.258; 8. A. RackltJTe. J3400;
Llorfl I>vi«, JJ.OCJX43; L p. xy nx \ tTi ii.O4i.is6;
C. J. Brtilotr, J1M.600; total. J 4i.M6.
r ialt addressed the committee
ar.d held that the sums could now be add
ed to the assessment roll according to law.
lie paid that Assessor Dodge was willing
to place the additional proixrty on the
roll, but wanted authority from the Su
pervisor*, city Attorney Lane will give
nls consent but will render no opinion as
to the power <.f the bnar.i in the premises.
Auditor Welle raid the truces. It paid.
c<.uld not be made available immediately
iin.l the legality of their collection would
have to I>e liually adjudicated. Wells
ruKi?estod that a ri*upport!onment of t«omo
J73.1H10 of the taxes on bonds, etc., paid un
der protest be made at once and it would
relieve the financial strain to some extent.
Mr. Wo]!* further stated that the 175 <iOO
appropriated for .^. Marys i'ark would
r<*v.*rt to tin- enneral fund If it were not
t!>M-.l before th,. vn.i of the tif=enl year
Bunmisor Collins uid that the money
c .i.l 1 :,<it be um-.J for the purptises Intend"
«d because one «.f the X'roperty owners
l:u'l made a protest.
•\V.:i." paid Mr. Wells, "something
mu^t be done. I will not sign any more
demands ..n the urgent necessity fund, as
that fund Is cxhaUFted."
The iH<cus.-i<>ii tram brought to an end
by Chairman Aigeltineer. whose pu^pe;:-
Uon t!;.it the Finance Committee m^et the
Audit.ir Home time to-day to lix the vnri
*ua apportionznents of the moneys re
<■■ :■ ■ i for taxes under protest was nc-
Puperintendent Hewitt addressed The
» ::.!:. ittro relative to a request for $"".?:.}
:  «v ;tr> - , removing wires of the Jlre
..:.;:» aiid police telegraph from eighty
poICH helpnsing to the pan and electric
-..:;■] i.lephone c<>mpanle«>. The tirs«t under
rroun-j .Ji>trict would be practically
« ...!•■! . f an pul.'K and overhead wires if
•:,•• <it\'s vires were removed.
The ctimmlttee was of. the opinion that
1: orould !-e impossible to allow the entire
rv.m nsKed f.«r. but will endeavor to pro
jld* a ;>nrt at l«ast for the purposes in
tended.
FORTY-EIGHTH IS
OUT OF QUARANTINE
WILL LEAVE FOR MANILA
NEXT WEDNESDAY.
Herbert Hopkins. Late of Company
F of the First California, to Be
Buried by His Comrades.
TV.- V. rty-elphth Infantry Is out of
;<!■;. :uin»: it ha* been paid off and nil
:!..-.t new remain? for it to do is to start
: r Manila. It will bo on the Grant prob
aKv on the S'th-
The regiment has been subjected to a
thorough <H?inf«>< tiiiK ami there Is no fear
<'f n::y disease breaking out on the way
«>vcr. The ?lck men airl the convalescents
• f whoa together there are twelve— are
Mill at the Government quarantine sta
:: :,. where they bare bevn under treat
n • :.t. and they will l>e left there after the
r«;iracnt leaves until they are fully fit
f r tin- vuv«k<> <>v«-r an<l the i?land service.
Noi •■ uf the cases has been held ar.y
•b< re imr the regiment. The renim^nt
waf •■•i;canip»"-<l In the detention camp on
the southeastern end oC the Island and the
quarantine station where the ?ick men
»'T" f< i:t i« on t!i<* north end. I*nder
those circumstances there was no danger
!:■■ ::» !i:?'-r'inn alter a case was isolated.
•■•.I- ft<lv«ntaß«» the quarantine h.ts
iT'i-^i'lit ih«- rudiment Is ojii»<jrtunity for
drill, aii'l it is safe to say there will not
It- « better-trained command In the
fcianda \\hc:i It reaches there.
Burk Klnc. a private In the band of the
B< renth infantry, di«*d at t!i«* Kcneral hos
pital yesterday. His body v.-n* taken In
rharge by an un-l«>rtaker. who will ehlp
:: Mast to hi* relatives.
«a;>;aln John A. Miller, commanding
• 'ompany V <<t the First California Volun
t< •■!.-. lias Issued a circular to all the
m«-ml«-r.- <>f the romjwny notifying them
of the arrival <v the body of Private Her-
Iwrt A. ll<i>klns of C'om|iany X from Ma
jiila and of the funeral to b»> held to-mor
row. -All the mctnlxTK of th«* old company
ute ■ is. .; to attend in uniform If possible,
and without if they have no uniform*:
also campaign hatn. White Rloves will bo
provldetl. The funeral will be from the
t 'mi. any armory. Hi Kills street. The as
ectnbly will be at 1 o'clock. The members
< f th»* cumiiany will parade as escort to
the National <"emet«ry, where the body
will be interred..
I
Amity Lodps I
• (). F.. |
M
POST US! CEREAL.
COFFEE THE CAUSE
of Heart Trouble.
"Three ca^r-s of heart trouble that I
have been relieved by stopping coffee |
and taking Postum Food ».'offte h;tv ;
come under my notice. Fim. my own '
cape. I suffered greatly from palplta*
tion and irregularity of the heart. My
physician ordered me to leave off cof-
fee, and when I took up Postum Foo-I
Coffee In it» place the heart trouble
was soon entirely cured, and I find the I
Postum to be Just .18 the doctor said, j
'not only harmless, but very beneficial.*
"A gentk-man friend had much the
e;ime trouble with bis heart. I sug-
gested that he try Fostum. After the
JirM cup at breakfast, lie said: 4 I don't
want any more of It- Inquiry proved
that It had not been properly boiled, »o
I prepared a cup for him, strictly ac-
cording to directions, and ho pro-
Jioumed it "delicious* and 'better than
coffee.' Mr». of Paducah suffered
ir.ueh the name way. and has had tho
Fame experience In recovering from
heart trouble by the discontinuance of
coffee and taking up the use of Pob.
turn. For private reasons, I request
that you withhold my name from pub-
lication." — , Princeton, £»
MUNICIPAL LEAGUERS
FINISH THEIR LABORS
Delegates as They Appeared at the Trolley Party.
THE California League of Municipalities finished at
noon yesterday the labors of its second annual ses
sion, choosing San Francisco as the place for the
next annual gathering. During the morning session
amendments to the by-laws, intending to facilitate the
business of the organization, were adopted and officers
for the msulng year were selected. In addition the con
vention put Itself on record as being in favor of tbe con
stitutional amendment to be submitted to tho voters at
the next election exempting State, county and municipal
bonds from taxation.
In the afternoon, 86 gueMs of Mayor Phelan. the dele
gates took a trolley ride around the city and enjoyed a
lunch at the Cliff House, dispersing well satisfied with
their three days' labors.
W. H. Turner of Merced, chairman of the Board of
Trustees of that city and second vice president of the
league, called the convention to order. Joseph Hutchin
■oo of Palo Alto, chairman of a ppeclal committee of
three to consider changes in the byMaws of the lenguo,
offered a report sugp«sting amendments taking the de
termination of the place of annual meeting from the ex
ecutive committee and leaving it with the convention;
X»rovlding for the compensation of the secretary and such
assistants as may be necessary: providing for a San Fran
cisco 1 ink as treasurer; substituting for a commit) of
three on municipal improvements a committee of live city
engineers to which can be referred municipal Improve
ment questions; providing for the maintenance of head
quarters and support of the organ of the league. Califor
nia Municipalities; providing for the calling by the ox
ecutive comm|ttee of special meetings and for the pay
ment of bills, and providing for a scale of annual dues
from cities of the various classes as follows: For cities of
the sixth class $20. for cities of the fifth class $30. for cit
ies of the fourth class $40. for cities of the second and
third classes $50. for other cities $CO.
The amendments were thoroughly discussed and unan
imously adopted.
The election of officers for the ensuing year boing th«
next order of business, nominations for president of the
league w<r« called for.— t. N. Klrkbi of San Mateo
named Mayor Snow of Oakland. M. B. Sorensen of Mo
desto nominated W. 11. Turner of Merced. W. B. Hrlggs
of Redding nominated Mayor Sweet of Santa Rosa.
\Y. H. Turner arose to say that he. believed it was the
wish of the convention thnt Mayor Phelan should con
tinue in the office. In which belief he offered to withdraw.
Mayor elan. who bad arrived Just the minute before,
declined the honor, saying that as the interior cities had
a much larger interest nt stake in the league than San
Francisco, lie thought the presiding officer should come
from one of thvm.
A ballot was taken and Mayor Snow of Oakland was
declared to be elected. Tho other offices were filled as
follows without opposition:
First vice president. Mayor Sweet of Santa Rosa; s?c
ond vice president. Mayor Turner of Merced; secretary,
H. A. Mason: treasurer. First National Bank of San
Francisco; executive committee, in addition to the presi
dent and secretary, who are ex-ofllclo members — Mayor
Fred Eaton of Los Angeles. Mayor J. D. Phelan of San
Francisco and Joseph Hutchinson of Palo Alto.
Legislative committee — E. K. Taylor, Alameda; W. R.
Briges. Redding; Charles Francee, Salinas; D. C. Druffel,
Santa Clara; Taylor AlMn. Fresno.
Judiciary committee— C. N. Kirkbride. San Mateo: R.
REPAIRS TO HARTFORD
PROGRESS SLOWLY
None of the Shipwrights Who Quit
Work Last Month Have Been
He-employed.
VALLEJO. Dec. 15.-The Hartford Is in
the large stone dock and repairs upon her
are till In progress. She will not be
completed until near the first of the year.
Ouite a number of shipwrights have re
A PROMISING LITERARY
CAREER ENDED BY DEATH
THE death of Peter E. Studebakor
at the Hotel Savoy yesterday
morning cut short what promised
to be ii brilliant literary career.
Young Mr. Studobaker was the
prnndHun of the founder of the famous
linn that bears his name and the son
of Peter E. Studebaker Sr.. who Is now
the head of the carriage baUM and
who. ,th William K. Vnnderbllt, con
trols t'. automobile trust that is capi
talized at 5200.000.000.
Born the heir to almost limitless
wealth the deceased was the victim
at .1 lii'ij-t unkind fate. An accident
in early childhood resulted in his be
coming a cripple and so shocked an
already delicate constitution that con
sumption und other troubles added
th*lr burden to the poor pain-racked
frame that he was forced to bear
through the world. Bui as a compen
sation for his physical ill nature grave
him an intellect of a very high order,
which it was Ilia pleasure to cultivate
In scientific and literary pursuits. He
became quite proflcent in the various
sciences, and when a short time ago he
gave his attention to play-writing, he
achieved almost instantaneous success
as a dramatic author. One of his recent pieces, "Sword and Scepter," a ro
mantic drama of the "Prisoner of Zenda" order, was being prepared for
presentation at tho time of Mr. Studebaker's death, and another, "Friendly
Foes." was soon to be put on the boards by the Frawlcy company.
Though young Studebaker had been suffering from a complication of com
plaints, the immediate cause of his death was heart failure, superinduced by
tho weakness resultant on a severe attack of nervous prostration from which
be had been suffering during the past week. He was barely past his twenty
first birthday at th.; time of his death, and though he had been on the coast
but a short time, he hail succeeded la winning for himself a host of friends
who ■111 mourn his untimely taking off.
The only relatives with him at the time of his death wore his mother
and sister, who had accompanied him to the Pacific Coast to look after him,
tho trip having been undertaken for the benefit of his health. He was
worth about '.000 In his own right and this will go to them. The body Is at
present at a local undertaking establishment awaiting the decision of the
family regarding Jtn final disposition.
The death of her brother makes Miss Studebaker the sole heiress of her
father's fortune and one of the richest young ladles In prospects In the United
States.
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1899.
F. Robertson, Los Gatos; Walter F. Haas. Los Angeles;
J. N. Frank, Ran Leandro; W. A. Beasley, San Jose.
Engineering committee— C. E. Grunskjr, San Francis
co; M. Frost, Petaluma; Frank Olmstead, Los Angeles;
C. W. Moore, Santa Clara: J. W. Johnson. Riverside.
Considerable friendly rivalry was exhibited by repre
sentatives of the various cities to have the honor next
year of entertaining the convention. Mayor Sweet of San
ta Rosa Invited the delegates to hold the convention in
his city, with Its beautiful water; Joseph Spinney asked
them to go to FTesno. where they had wine stronger than
water; Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles urged them to take
the convention to his city. Th/- gentlemen named offered
various arguments In behnlf of their cities. Other dele
gates wore of the opinion that San Francisco was the
best placo for the next convention, and after three ballots
this city was chosen, Los Angeles bring neck and neck
with her until Delegate O. A. Bennett of Yreka cast the
deciding vote In favor of San Francisco.
Resolutions wore adopted thanking Mayor Phelan and
the city and county of San Francisco for hospitality ex
tended; thanking 11. A Mason for his untiring efforts as
secretary, without compensation, during the post year;
thanking B. F. Lemborn for bis work as league organizer,
and providing for the appointment of a special commit
tee of five whose duty it shall be to Investigate the mat
ter of the adoption of a uniform system In municipal ac
counts, to submit their report at the next annual conven
tion of the league.
Just before adjournment Mayor Phelan proposed the
following resolution:
Whereas, a constitutional amendment will be voted on
at the n*xt State election, exempting State, county and
municipal bonds of CRllfornla from taxation. Th» Imposi
tion of this tax simply reeults In preventing our citizens
and savings banks from holding th'-fo bonds. Issued at low
rate* of Interest, and compels their sal* outside of th«
State, which is a needless draupht upon our resources; and
\Vherens. It Is Illogical and unproductive of revenue for
the State to tax Its own Indebtedness;
Reno] therefore, by the league of California Munici
palities, That the people of the State be urgently requested
to vote at the next election for the constitutional amend
ment exempting from taxes all nd» lesued by the State
and by the counties and cities of the State of California.
In support of the resolution the Mayor said that under
the present system it was impossible to sell such bonds
In the State, fur which reason they were bought up by
bankers In other States, Instead of by citizens of Califor
nia, who could find In them a safe and good Investment
If they were pot taxed. Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles sup
ported this view, and the resolution carried unanimously.
After luncheon the delegates boarded two special trol
ley cars at Fourth and Market streets and were whirled
over the electric lines of the Market Street Railway Com
pany for three hours. They were guided through the
Union Iron Works, taken to the garbage crematory and
the Lick School, shown all over the big electric power
house on Sixteenth street, carried along the panhandle
and pointed out the park extension, and finally were land
ed at the Cliff House. After enjoying a tasty spread to
short addresses by Mayor Phelan. Joseph Hutchinson of
Palo Alto, Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles, "Sammy" Braun
hart. Frank J. Sullivan, D. O. Druffel of Santa Clara and
B. F. Lamborn of Alameda, with three cheers for San
Francisco and its Mayor the delegates took the cars back
to town, their labors ended.
ported and are at •work on her. but none
of the forty who quit work last month
are employed. It looks now as if the Sec
retary of the Navy would not be In a
hurry to again place these men upon the
rolls of the navy yard, but the latter say
that they had no intention of balking the
Government In lit; work.
The tug Vigilant, which plies between
the Naval Station at Goat Island and San
Francisco, is at the yard undergoing re
palrß to her boiler and engine.
Repairs to the United States steamship
Rclndla are rapidly nearing completion
and she will be the next naval vessel to
PETER E. STUDEBAKEW.
go to Manila with stores for th« fleet there
and officers to Join the several vessels In
the Orient. It will probably be the first
of the year before she departs. Several
officers are now on their way from the
East to take passage in her
The Naval Hospital Is causing the Navy
Department some inconvenience, as Its
completion In some distance off, whereas
i It was thought that 4t would have been
ready for occupancy long before this. It
: is now proposed to place In the wards
< metallic ceilings. The officers' quarters
are nearly ready for their tenants
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff Is making
a very popular commandant of the navy
yard. His persona] qualities coupled with
his executive ability will result In a suc
cessful administration of the affairs of the
i yard.
WILL USE MARCONI'S SYSTEM.
Wireless Telegraphy for the Ha
waiian Island Group.
HONOLULU, Dee. 8. -The Interlsland
Telegraph Company, which Intends tr. use
the Maroon] wireless telegraph bat wan
th<- islands her*, has Incorporated for
gOO.OOO, with all the stock ■übscrlbed
Work on the system will begin at once.
Washington Chosen.
rnirA<;<>. Dec. is-Tho offlcers of the
National Woman's Christian Temperance
t'nion hay decided on Washington, I). <"
as the location of the next convention!
The convention will open on November 30,
Brumby Is Better.
WABHINOTON, Dee. 15.— TJeutenant
Brumby is reported to have rallied soiik-
wh:it and to lie better to-day.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
General Debility,
Overwork,
Rheumatism,
Bronchitis,
Malaria,
Mysnepsla,
Qonsumptlon,
Depression,
Exhaustion
and weakness from
whatever causes
prevented and cured by
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
It i» the greatest known stimulant and Joni
All druggists and grocer*. Ar04.l suUilmui. il X ) ;
dangerous. Duffy's has a proprietary stamp on each t»on
If jr^ur dealer cannot supply ) ;>u, a hottlc will he »ci.i. i>t«,,..
on receipt of |i co. t bottle* for $5.00. Valuable Dook c
Information and testimoniali aant on applicatlnn.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., kochwUr, N. V,.
ELIZA MILLER
APPEARED AND
MADE DEFENSE
Admitted Criticizing
Judge Coffey.
HER CONTEMPT PALPABLE
AS SHE IS A WOMAN SHE WAS
SPARED BY THE COURT.
Attorneys Stipulnte for the Compro
mise of a Claim and More's Es
tate Will Soon Be
Settled.
In answer to the citation Issued by
Judge Coffey. Eliza M. Miller, adminis
tratrix of the estate of the late Alexander
P. More, appeared In court yesterday
morning to show cause why she ehould
not file her final account. Mrs. Miller was
called to the stand and the court Imme
diately called her to account for state
ments she had made reflecting on his. con
duct In the case. * Mrs. Miller admitted
having expressed her opinion of the ac
tions of the court as published, whereupon
Van R. Paterson arose and demanded her
suspension as executrix on the ground
that hor prejudice and evident misman
agement of the estate were resulting in
great damage to other heirs. Judge Cof
rey said that she was plainly In contempt
of court, but as she was a woman the
court wns Indisposed to punish her. Judge
Coffey also said that he would not sus
pend her, as It would only complicate
matters and she was allowed to remain
in power.
Mrs. Miller then presented an answer to
the citation requiring her to render her
final account as administratrix. She al
leged that it was Impossible for her to
settle the estate at the present time, as
such settlement was prevented by a suit
pending in the Supreme Court, by which
U. Clifford More, as administrator of the
estate of Lawrence \V. More, sought to
recover $13,670 14 from the estate 01 A. P.
More. The attorneys representing the
heirs then stipulated that the claim be
compromised for 50 p«»r cent of the sum.
The case then went over till next Wednes
day, and In the meantime an effort will
be made by Mrs. Miller to reach an agree
ment with the claimant.
Mrs. Miller denies that Helen K. Row*»'«
share of the estate, which practically con
sists of one-t\venty-fourth>)f Santa Rosa
Island, can be distributed to her without
loss to the estate, and this application for
distribution will also be heard on Wednes
day.
-
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, ivrappcd
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all news deal
ers', or at The Call busbiess
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
wiU be limited.
STANFORD'S FAIRY NIGHT.
Children of Members to Entertain
and Be Entertained in a Par
lor of Native Sons.
Stafford Parlor No. 74. Native R..ns >«f
the Golden West, will on the night of
Tuesday next have an evening with the
children of members, and this has been
termed "Stanfords 1 Fairy Night." It is
to be strictly for members of the parlor
nnd their wives, children and lady rela
tives. The committee— A. F. BehleJcher, S.
O. Stanyan an«l F. 11. Jung— having
charge of the affair proposes to make this
one of the moat interesting events that
the parlor has ever given In the line of
a night at which ladies can attend. In
this the committee will be assisted by
Walter Murphy, chairman of the commit
tee on good of the order. With one ex
ception the entertainment f<«r the even-
Ing will be entirely by the children of
numbers, ranging in years from three
and one-half to eight. The programme
will include tt.,- American Highland fling.
by Mildred McCarthy; plan.) solo, Aifr.d
RoncoTleri; vocal solo, Jennie Metsler;
recitation. Har<lie Lewis; cakewalk by
little Ruth Brophy, aked three and a half
years, and Harold BorcheTS, aged four;
recitation. K.lith Dick; Polish military
i/oi.-iia Polaom; son**, Master Jack
Robertson; buck and wing dancing. Eliza
beth Letbert; "Lover's Rose," a specialty.
by Leonle Trautvettor and Jennie M. tr
ier; piano solo. Miss Rrcker. and another
cakewalk by Juveniles. This will be sup
plemented by an Amazon march by a
number of ladies who are related to mem
bers of the parlor. This, the committee
says, will be the most stunning inarch
that has ever been seen on the ;
slonal Ptage or in the amateur drawing
room.
After the programme there will be the
stripping of the Christmas tree, when
Stanford's Santa Claus will hand out the
presents. It has bc*en stated that the
delicately framed and sylph-like Henry
ti. Martin, the hlfrh sheriff and grand
treasurer of the Native Sons, will take
the part of Santa t'laus.
Useful Christmas Presents.
Traveling: eets, valises, bags, pocket
books, billbooks and card cases are nice
presents for either lady or gentleman.
Lettered In gold free of charge when
bought from Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
MILITARY EVENT.
Forty-Fourth Annunl Reception and
Ball of the Nationals.
The members of Companies C and G. the
Nationals of the National Guard of Cali
fornia, gave their forty-fourth annual re
ception and ball in the assembly hall of
the Bills-street Armory last night. Never
has that hall been more artistically
decoruml than it was last evening. The
prevailing colon were silver-spangled
light blue and white. There were a num
ber of American Hags displayed where
they produced the best effect, while ferns,
prim leaves and living plants helped to
make up an artistic arrangement.
It was an evening dress alTalr, but few
of the members of the two companies ap
peering in uniform. In the grand march
there were in"!"'- than a hundred couples.
It was led by Captain K. C. SutlifTV and
Miss Kdlth E. Henderson. The dance pro
gramma was made up of thirteen num
bers, with three extras. The following
named were in charge of the ball:
Door director— Sergeant P. J. Neumann. As
sistants— Scrijeunt J. N. Hush, Corporal J. M.
Noonan. Sergeant a. 8. Hatneld. W, H. Shaw,
Frank H. Mill*. Reception committee— Major
C. L Til>len. Captain C. P. Le Breton, Captain
E. C. Hutllffe. Captain J. W. Lmmbrell, lieu
tenant C. I- 0 "I>-H. Lieutenant T. \\ Spar
rowe. Committee of arrangements— Lieutenant
CJeorge J. Petty (chairman). Lieutenant W. N.
Swaney. Bcrgeant A. B. Anderson, George T.
Ptylps, Herbert C. Stewart.
CHINESE MUST GO.
Collector Jackson Determined to
( Clean Out the Detention Shed.
Customs Collector Jackson took sum
mary measures yesterday to clean out the
detention sheds at the Mall Dock In which
Chinese immigrants awaiting a landing
have been kept. He found eighty-five
claiming to be natives of the I cited
States who had been In shed long enough
to present their proofs of nativity and he
called upon their attorneys to do so.
Thirty responded and placed the required
affidavits in possession of the Collector
and rtfty-flve failed to present the proofs
asked for. He thereupon denied a land
ing to the fifty-live, ,and they must bo
taken away on the next steamer unless
their attorneys carry the matter Into the
United States District Court on habeas
corpus. The papers of the thirty will be
examined by the Collector within the next
tMvr days. . -...«■: .^
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A STUDY BY MISS BALCH OF WELLESLEY.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONO/*IY.
Contributors to th!» course- Mrs. Helen
Kate Gannett Wells. Mr» Louie* E. Ilonan.
Miss Emily <;. Balcn. MH» Lucy WheelocU
X. THE HOME IN ITS RELA
TION TO THE STATE.
Every one, or almost every one. unites
in pral»e of the family and the home. It
is the original unit of the state and the
ultimate test of its soundness. On the one
hand good conditions here are the abso
lutely necessary prerequisites of pood so
cial conditions Kenerally. On the other
hand happy home conditions are, the inti
mate object of most human endeavor.
James Russell Lowell Fays In one of his
delightful letters: "You say that life
seems to be a struggle after nothing in
particular. But you are wrong. It Is a
struggle after the peaceful home of the
soul In a natural and loving state of life.
Men are mostly unconscious of the object
of their struggle, but It Is always connect
ed In some way with this. If they gain
wealth or power or glory It la always to
make up for this want which they feel
but scarce know what It la."
Nevertheless, when so much is said tn
a general way of the Importance of the
home remarkably little attention seems to
be paid to It In tho concrete. Whenever
the need Is felt of "doing something."
whenivcr a want Is detected, any agency
rather than the home is reported tn
cation must be made more eompfate, and
the school Is Instituted. Th»- little child
must be taught to occupy itself, to ob
serve, to adapt Itself to others; hap;
wholesome moods must be made habitual
to it, and the kindergarten takes in the
little one. Religious training must be
made as far-reaching as possible, and the
Sunday school spreads over the land and
in large measure substitutes itself f'.r
home teaching. There is felt to be a lack
of mean* of recreation, and sociables and
girls" and boys' clubs and other organised
schemes are started. Mothers no longer
find time to read as they did— let th m
form reading circles and read together,
or clubs and study and debat« togeth'-r.
From religion to whist, the tendency is
to organize groups of persons, selected
for their common interest in some
one matter, to exercise or Indulge
themselves together in a special dir
meeting on only one side of their lives.
themselves more or less all of one cla^a
and with a corresponding narrowr. :
experience to be got from one another.
AH this is the direct opposite of the
conditions' at home life, where a small
number of persons of t >th wm, unlik- in
age and generally In tastes, but united by
close personal ties, meet, not for one spe
cialized kind of activity, but in the multi
farious unclasslflable activities of home
life.
It Is obvious that the tendency to rr
ganlze in groups, cutting across the famllv
group, is natural and Inevitable. It Is also
obvious that It brings about very- great
advantages. It Is equally obvious that It
tends to take from the duties and activi
ties that find their place within tho fam
ily circle, to lessen the scope of the family
lifo, which is the object of so much en
thusiasm.
This change. It ts Interesting to notice.
Is quite In accordance with the trend ~>f
the development of the family as far an
w* know it? history. In early Rome the
state was essentially a federation of pa
triachally organized family groups. Each
family contained not only the immediate
family, as we understand It. but a much
more extended circle of relatives— uncles,
cousins, married sons and grandchildren—
besides the slaves. These were bound to
gether by the common and a!
authority of the patriarch head of the
family (paterfamilias), who had the right
to even kill his children or to sell th-m
as slaves. This group was bound togeth
er, too, by the worship of its ancestors
and the sacred ceremonies of the hearth,
which gave It Its chief sanctity and im
portance.
Many of these features reproduce them
selves more or less exactly In the nv>*t
diverse nations and diverse times. To?
patriarchal famiiy of the early H*bre*s.
the Chinese family to-day, with its an
cestor worship and intense filial piety, nre
examples.
Such a family may bo studied from
many different aspects, as a body of kin
dred, as a household, as an economic com
munity, as a religious group or as a po lt
tcal unit (whether independent, as a clan
or an imperlum in lmperio, a state viihin
the state.i.
In all these aspects the tendency has
been similar— to reduce the family group,
to simplify it. to give over its vaiiDUS
functions, as they develop, to be carried
on In new ways and In a more highly or
ganized form outside the family. The
typical family comes to contain only the
parents and unmarried children. The rites
Of r«'llt;i'in are observed not mainly with
in the family, but In public worship. The
family authority not only extends over a
Btnaller group, but its scope Is constantly
1 by the growth of public author
( law, of the state.
This family law had two Fides— the au
thority of the family, vested In Its bond,
over Its own members, and. secondly, the
duty of the family to protect it» own
members from outside aggression. Th*»
origin of our own penal law Is In the tribal
codes of retribution whereby one family
could exact from another damages for In-
Jury Inflicted by one of Its members. In
place of »he otherwise obligatory .evenge.
with the endless counter revenge* of a
blood feud thereby entailed. It rested also
with the fomily to punish Its own offend
ing members, whether for Injuries with
in Its own circle or for Injuries to out
siders entailing general cost to the group.
It wns a HKMMntoUI ' - hanee when the
state took from the family (and from the
Individual) the, right of revenge and the
-Ibllity for defense ami undert >.>k
to preserve order hy public rules and by
public power— a step In civilization which
Is not yet accepted, to our shame. In all
p.irtß of our country. whether among
Georgia lyncher» or Kentucky feud flght-
K'lunlly momentous was the other ride
of this change, when th<- "tat-- took from
the hand of the father the right to punish
the fTOWH son. thus bringing about the
direct relation between the state and the
individual citizen which characterizes
ni' .;• m < ivili2utl<>n.
Nowhere, perhaps. ha« the disintegra
tion of the family pone further than in
this country, where children so early oeek
Independent live*, where parents are so
little disposed to exert authority.
Some radicals not only prophesy !,ut
desire a further movement In this direc
tion. They <rlticize family life as econ
omically wasteful and unsatisfactory, ;is
dwarfing and stultifying to the individual,
as bietrtllH a family selfishness which Is
as harmful to society as persona;
■netful*.
To most of us. In spite of the element
of truth In these criticisms, th* family
seems to have a raison d'etre which Is bo
fundamental, po far-reaching that It Is,
like all the deepest things, almost Impos
sible to prove or to analyze. The fact
that the tendency has been for thousands
of years to simplify the family group,
both In Its composition and Its activities,'
does not In the least mean that there Is a
tendency to do away with It. On the con
trary, the essentials of the family may be
only brought Into higher relief by being
thus separated,.
'i*™' • ji r ». .Var.nr-t E. gangster. Mr*.
Miss Anna Harrow., Mr Mary Holx-rts a , th
md other*. *
The family ha* functions which cannot
be taken from it without unspeakable
loss. it gives to the future citizen that
early education that education which is
largely preconj-clous even, which Is tho
most Important of oil. nn<l It educates all
its im-mbtrn. as can be done in no other
wny. on the intimate personal si<lf\ No
education In the world romparos with that
received by the parent! in bringing up &
child. The kelflsh become unseltlsh. the
frivolous earnent, th. careless responsible,
the foolish wise, at least In 11 degree.
Here. In an intensely Individualistic soci
ety, a limited communism Is practiced,
which keeps alive the Ideal of fraternal
dealings. Here the parent realizes that
he has a stake In the country exceeding
the span of his own lifetime and his own
Interests.
The way to Mrengthen the family is
not mainly to organize societies to »tu«ly
or Improve It, but for etuh Individual to
bring his own family life to the highest
possible plane, to create a home atmos
phere where family affection doea n^>t
mean Indifference toward those outside
the family group, where Intimacy is con
sistent with respect fur Individual privacy,
where diverse Infr . the rich
ness without detracting from the
of the home life, wher- famlllartt
not broad, anaat, whor. a atnM af mutual
responsibility and family pride (in It*
M) doM sot lead to a desire to
enforce conformity to family sMn.lards—
In short, to create a home which can
strengthen afresh and mutually educate
all Its members, so that the state, dealing
with the Individual i the indi
vidual nt once Individualized and social
• x*-rci»ed In th. srn ill circle
nooM In th" qu
make the i,ul>llc of th>
citlzt-n.
Wellesley Collee*.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' XMAS.
Festivals Last Evening by Alta and
La Estrella Parlors in Native
Sons' Hall.
Last evening Alta Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Gol leu West held its
Christmas festival In the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building, and it was at
tended by a very large number ot ladles
gentlemen and children, the latter receiv
ing candles and toys from the gayly dec
orated tree, which was In chars* of Santa
Claus. represented by Mrs. Lizzie Meyers
a member of the parlor. There was an
auction sale of articles suitable for
Christmas presents and a programme of
dancing. Ihe festival was directed by
Mrs. J A. Steinbach. Miss Lizzie Doug
j*f«. Mrs. .1 J. Griff. Mrs. 11. W. Frnscr.
xi S' Faulkner. Mrs - E - Trlttenbach.
T»i M i. Mar hal ,¥ 19 * A * Mclntyre. Mus
M. Rlchter. Mrs. H. Meyer, Miss M. Mc-
Carthy and Miss Mabel Miller.
The ChrlHtmas festival of La Estrella
Par or Native Daughters, held in Sha»t»
Hall of the Native Sons' building last
night, was a ple.-sant affair, for thero was
a good attendance, good nolle, an excel
lent programme and a fine Christmas tre«»
Illuminated with many colored electrlo
lights. The presents from the tree wcrn
distributed by J. B. Whlttemore. who en
acted the part of good Santa Claus. MM*
E. Mclnerney. Miss Bertha Platz. Mlsn
Mamie Johansen. Mist Alice Boldeman
Mrs. Harriet Hall. Mrs. A. Nichols aM
Miss A. Panella were the committee on
entertainment.
ARGUING THE FRENNA CASE.
Attorney for the Defense Claims the
Barber Was Justified in Shoot
ing Turner.
Tti* Frenna case will not gn to the Jury
until Monday. All >i u>- coun
sel f or the defense were  . be
•
mer made tiie opening
f.>r Frenna. and .n the a.
f;u't that the d<
threatened to kill the mar:
and that h« nia l<
draw a revolver on I
In th<- ■ illdlng. wl
|u»tl-
Datlon for Prenna to si.
W H Ban • mer, anj
rit-t Attori
phy will m.ik- the . . . f,, r
the people. The Ju<lce'a i
Jury will follow. *!;.! it is ex[»-cted that
sptclal instrurtions will be, MiU.mltt
• nwel, with a request that
they be embodied in th*- charge. In
sui-h a request 1....
and the h.
prepared. Frenna maintains his v
air of .-onti lent that
the strain is beßinnlng to tell on him.
A Popular Lunch.
ZJnkand • continue* to be the popular place
for a flrst-clasa hot lunch at noon. •
OFFICERS ELECTED.
Market-Street and Eureka Improve
ment Club Meet.
Th« Market Street and Eureka Improve
ment Club met last night at Seventeenth
and -Mark- streets for the election of offi
cers and delegates to represent the club
for the. ensuing year. The new officer*
are: E. U. Morgan, president: J. McDon
aid, vice president; W. i. Dubnls. socre
t:iry. M. E. Oumpel, treasurer. Executive
committee— Dennis Barry. Bernard Jonst.
J. B. McDonald. G. A. Clough. \V. M. Mor
gan. The following were elected delegated
to the Federation of Mission Clubs: M
E. Dubols, A. B. Morgan and W, J. Cuth
bertson.
LAND BUYERS LOSE.
Illegal Sales of Government Tract*
in Hawaii.
HONOLULU. Dm B.— The full text of
Attorney General origin- opinion regard*
ing the sales of local Government landj
after annexation has been received here.
and does not make any change in the sit
uation. It Is generally thought that the
only hoi>e of tti« purchasers who paid
largo sums Into the Hawaiian treasury
for lands is in special legislation by Con
gress. There wlil be claims for money
paid for land an*] if th»» land Ms finally
taken away, as provided by Grtggs* opin
ion. the present holders who hmvo erected
buildings will want reimbursement for
their losses.
Fire at a Penitentiary.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Dec. Firs at the
penitentiary day consumed the manu
facturers' building and caused lots to
the building and contents amounting to
between $75,000 and 1100.000. The principal
part of the loss falls on the State, which
owned the building and the machine
shops, which were together valued at $60.
000 and were uninsured. Aside from the
State, the principal loser Is the Lee Broom
and Duster Company. $25,010 on machinery
and stock; fairly well covered by Insur
ance. .... -_:
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to he issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received ATTEB 9:30 P. M.
SATUBDAY,
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
MARKETS.
nged.
vrket.
■
' ' *ged.
. - •'. tuffs weak.
Kdthing nczcjn Beans and Seeds.
Provisions" wore active at Chicago.
Lard firmer. Hams being cut again.
Dried Fruits. Xiits and Raisins dull.
Oranges continue in large supply and weak.
Poultry market continues overstocked.
Lazier grades of Butter weaker and dull,
liggs and Cheese as previously quoted.
Potatoes and J / egetables unchanged.
Charters.
Th» Alsterkan-.p loads m-h^at at PortJand for
' 41s r.d: C. T). Bryant, coa! ut Nanalmo
tr>T !.>.:..:•... Cyrus Wakefleid, merchandise at
th> rx^rt f«.r Honolulu; Rose, lumber «t MoikJv
ville fcr I'remantle. 40s.
Tr.e Bank!elsh is chartered for wheat to
ruroye. Sfcs fi.
Weather Report.
nrcth Meridian— Paelflc Tim*.)
FAN FRAXCIBOO, JVc. 15—5 r m
The friliowir.K *r« the seasonal rainfalls to
tfatr, as compart-d with thc*e of *ame date
lL>t season, .»: : rainfalls in la»t twenty-four
hours:
lAst This I-ast
Statlnrt^ J4 Hours. Season. Season.
nureka ; .... «.M
Rr-,i PiulT 1.12 945 3.'«4
Sarrainento ('.*S 5.7.< 2.-1
Smii Francisco 0.4*1 9.47 •' I' 7
Frr>no 0.:7 4.19 I.M
lnrf»P»'^<l» > tire G-1S !•<' tjt J
San Lulu Ohispo !."« 3.46 I.M
. !*•• 'Anpeles o.ivt ;.lt 0.30
■Han I'ltfu 0.09 I.SS J.C7
Yair.% ' ■ O.vA O.SS 0.!'4
hii-i Franclnco data: Maximum temperature,
■ fk; ijilnlmun:, ♦*: mean. 62.
WCATHKR CQXDITIOXS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
V titport* «re mlfFinc ti-nicht from Eureka.
i. ali::>ia'tions In Oresoa. *Wasalnstoa and she
: lVlFt.' . ■
■ The norm continues over the Pacific Coast
. i'Tid '-.lts Influence i* felt to the Rocky M.ian
t*ln?: ■ An area of unusually hinls ptvuura
(■>rrU«'s the t-ountry east <>f the Rocky lloua
tairi*. • Em»TKenoy w'arnincs f<.r i»ev«-re cold
windo and *now have lx-cn Issued by iht*
W.atln-r Huroau In Warhintiua !ir the upper
ViUley.
Storm *!Kiiai» are dirplayM «;<<n«: the Pacific
Co*Ft, nnd veshels have l>«vn warned of Bever*
conditions fr"tn I'fklnt Conception northward.
Snow If fallinir In the Sierras *r.d r«stwitfl
to the Rocky Mountain*.
There will probably be a very h^avy snow
fall along the lines of the central and north
ern transcontinental roads.
The fOllow'lrtK maximum xrlnd velocities are !
rrportcd: Furt Canby. 4« miles per h^ur. from |
the northeast: Sacramento. 36. south; San Lulu j
<itil*po. 32. »cuthea>t; <"arf=on City. 3». *nuth
rn-n; Winnemucca. 12. ft>uthfa.«t; Salt l.ake,
SC. from the nouta.
Foieca»t maiV at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 16:
Northern California— Rain Baturday; brisk
*iu;hTly winds.
Southern California/— Ra'.n Saturdaj" fresh
somberly wind*.
Nevada— Snow Saturday; high southerly
winds.
l't*h— nain or snow Saturday: high south- !
erly winds.
Arizona— <""lnudy Saturday; probable rain with
»tviw in th»- mountains.
Pa!i Fran«i«co and vicinity— resettled weath
er. Saturday, with occasional rains; frr*h
•outh» eMerly winds.
ALnxAxnnn o. mcapie.
forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Market.
manl
■ ■ •
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
1
■
I
■
-
I
■
■ ■
-
A latf a4van<<» of 13N, in Mh> rrlt" of I 1I 1 C i
C. O. Una .<t. Kou::» w« j» fratui* of ihe <iav* •
I'rX* ehucn In bond* w«t<» *>,nn»what ir- '
titular and «v«re frr ifce most j«art narrow
T^tal rsl***, far valup. Jl.Ci.rmrt.
fi.'.t.-il S-..H** new in <W.ined ar.d tfcs !*
ad\ar>cvd *» !n th» Lid price.
.n:;v.- vurk stock ijst.
:
HoM. Stock- HM
2.437 AtrMM3.i pr*M ..'.".'.'. cvt i
6.ra naitiraora & Ohio ;-~ ; -.Ji* ;
• • rans'lhm I'af'.r*^ ••••................ i*!ss» !
a-<o faiinila Southern !!!" " iv '
41.1frt «'h»»iip»ak# & Ohl« *."." - ( ,i~ '
v.lfKi Dilcaco tlr'-r.i \\>!>tcir. ..' ' ij i
:i.v.-4 ••!il<mik'.. RnrUncvm & Qn!acy.~.T Juiu
ChICaXQ, IlXl A- IyjUlxvill* ;; 4i4 i '
CWcara. IrM & Lralrrlllc jjr«-M..."' 4; '
ww ••i.i.-»K.) * Eaatera Itllnola 4$
JO.OfKt <'h'.raKf» A- Nnrt!iw»«Mprn *]<•!)
t*.2s« rh!ra.K'.. Rock Ifland A; l^cWe...i!ll9 I
3.r^» Cokrado Southern * - A s 1
X* OiOora.lo fU)uth«m l«t rr»-fd " 441? ;
lffl <v>lnrado S'-uiliTn ?1 prrfj k. '•
«..in IMa^ar* & lludyim i\:.\ ]
fjfl !>-lxw»r' 1 . l-acknwanna & W«st«nu".Xl3y '
€?0 I>fti-.vr *t lU^> «ir»njp '...] j.>J |
fCO I >cnvf r A- nio Cran.l» rr*rd Tl»^ !
.:.:;:. kh^ ■ ;; ,." j
COft I>l^ l«t pri'fil 3-.*. 1
1.449 <;rr«t Northern pn-fd IB.v
:30 Hoc-kin* «'*l Ks:
Ho^klflK VaJley j;i 4
I.CO nilaola Central H;i
....... lo*r% Ontral 12ij
lowa. fVntral prffil ' »,4
2.7(*» KanraH City, rittufcur*; A tlulf sui I
MM Ijike r:r!*> A- •\S>Mcrn |
1,-,.- FYlr & Wmtmi i>f»-M T> J -i I
Ijifce Shore •(.; I
in.wo ;^ouii>vn!<> & Ktrtrllie MVi
:7.»03 Manhattan K»vat*'l. *x rtlv ST»
c.MO MMropMltan Ftr«^t- lUiiway 1744
J.C3O Mexican Central 114
....... Minnrarollii-A ft l-fOUl* fifti*
r» Mlnnr«t<olla A St u!» rr«fJ .. S4
t,r« Missouri X'aclflc it
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11
1.W5 Mlssoprt. Kansas & Texas prefd S3 T »
2.720 New Jersey Central |]M
6.PW) N>* york Central 130S
3,or>v> Norfolk £- Western 2-44
1.736 Norfolk I Western prefd KU
5.545 Northern Pacific M : «
4.120 Northern Pacific prefd 74
4.220 Ontario ft Western 23%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 4!
•;«;•■ ° T Rallwa) * Navigation prefd . 76
10.200 Pennsylvania 133
!<*> Reading is»4
1.270 Reading Ist prefd '.'."'.'.'.".'. UK
«00 It. , line 2d pr«-fd ;<;i *
Hlo Grande Western 41
••• — • Ri<> Grande Western prefd S3
..» St Louis & Pan Francisco S*i
3W St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
1..0 St 1..-.UI* A- San Fran Id prefd 334
.00 st i. ■!.•••. Southwestern i(i» t
l. rt «> St L«.ul*, Southwestern prefd 27>;
:*,i:-o -• Paul p,>s
st l»au| prefd ... .'..'.".'.'.' 169*
Pt Paul A- i»mnha i»o
.r..MO Southern Pacific ' 39
3.«"iW» Southern Railway ... . l.'S
S.SOO Southern Railway prefd ri«.
I.CO •■■-•••''■ I , fi i*
I\<.".« rnjon Pacific H
5.570 T'nlcn Pacific prefd ..........
COO Wahash "./■■ V
2.1VJ1 Wahash pref.i «,„*
S.SM \vh««iin« & l k ;;;;;; k
5.200 Wheeling «L L E 2d prefd ."£ 27
*<0 Wisconsin Central 174
Rxpraa companies—
Adams . tll
li: American j..,
Vn'ted States .;. M
W>n»-Farto .;.;;;v!li2s '
Miscellaneous —
l/*0 American Cotton on 3i t.
American c,,ttcin Oil prefd.. ' i*
410 American Malting .... 714
.'•"> American Malting prefd '.'.'."" S6
1.4».-> Amcrl'-an K-. »:tfng * K'fln.. . ru'.v*
1.461 An-.ericnn Sni-Ifing * HeSn prefd!! SS !
American ?p!nta 3T.
•"• American Sj>'r:ts prefd ! 17 |
1.208 American Strel Hoop -— 4 o U j
350 American Steel Hoop prefd! $~i '
l-.4r> American Steel & Wire tiK
J. 4500 American Steel & Wire prefd.. ««
3.Mi American Tin Plate " '^xi
Kfl Am«ri<-an Tin Plate prefd "77
«6.058 American Tobacco "lOI*;
American Toliacco prefd 141 •
1.4 M Annronda Mining Co "'" 4,114 I
in y,i) Brooklyn Rapid Transit f<vl
3.CM CnW-rad.-, Fuel & Iron 44\
K<*n Continental Tnhscro --.v! i
2.11'> Continental Tobacco prefd .'.:;!!/!* (."• " I
17.W0 Federal Steel "... . S«
4.ne, Federal Bteel prefd . " tfs I
6."^ General Klectric V.'.V.V"l'l
l.€S4 rtlucoyp Sucar ..; 455.;
Olucose Sufrar frefd j-,
410 Infrratlonal Paper !" jiti^
4*3 International Paper prefd . ....."! <*
800 I^clede «?a» 75
3*o National Biscuit '! si
National Hiscult prefd !!.! ?4
400 National l*ead ;«%
National I^ad prefd 101 '■
I.«M National Bt«l ' j.<! I
4SO National Steel prefd " n
100 Now York Air Brake " "147 ,
4W North American »i;
2<JO I'aciflc Coa*t ... . 4714 I
I'acifl,- Cast Ist prefd S2 '
Pa<lfir r.-ia« 2d prefd firt
L4SS Pacific Mail 42.;
4.3.7> People's (San . 67>*
l/'in Pr.^s».l St^el Car rrefd r- r . '
!(«> lapsed Steel far prefd R:,t; !
464 Pullman Palace Cur v* I
l«0 S Uoi^ A Twine 10
S4.CM Stißar 134 1
Suinir pr»*fd 1 1 3 '
*.'^'» T»-nn*4s«e<» roal &• Iron f.s
M2O T'nlted States Leather Wi,
7irt Vnit*d States leather prefd 71U
1.410 I'nlt^d States Rubber 42U
iw» T'nlted Stntes Rubb-r prefd 104 |
"vn Western I'nlon I7U 1
1.23 M Republic Iron A Steel ;n»;
C 25 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 641. !
P C C & Pt I>oul» "
•
CLOSING BONDS.
t" S2» reg 102 m KiT Ms «;«;
I* S 3s reg 103*; M X & T 4s SHU
V 8 3s coup 109V IV V Central 15t5...112<,
0 S new || reg....ir:3\ V J Tent gen E5...120
13 8 n<-w 4s cf.up..l33\ \* ■ -. Una Cs 127
V S old - - reg UIH]V Carolina 4s 104
0 P old 4s coup. .. 1144 is" Pacific ista.... 110
D S 8s reg lintjS Paclrtc It «.-,U
U S r.s coup lUfijX Pacific 4s 102H
t)ls of Col 3. 605. ...US !V! V VC& S L 45.. .105
Alaliams. class A.'.HS Is* a \v con 4s 90
Mal>ama cla>s 1t. .111 s" a w gen Cs 11l
Alatinmn. class C..101 ;Dr Nay lsts . .. IDS
*lH»wma Currency. i"" ">r Nay 4*... 11*14
Mchlson K«-n 45... :<7Vr>r Short Line (•
At.-hlcr.n adj 45.... 7?VOr P Line con f.5...1155,
Canada So ;ds....iw s Rending Gen 45.... SCH
'hes A Ohio 44*.. 94< 4 It O W lsts <W
The* ■ Ohio ;.... ..r.5 !5 LA- I M con Es..lOS
?. A NW <r, n 75.. MS ;S L A S X gen 65.i244
■ A >c\vsr deb f.s.lN'i si Paul cons.... 171U
Chicago Term 45«... SI - p<• A r lsts . Hsu
O A Ji G lsts . 101*4 •;!•<■* C is ijou
Tt A- tt G '- !>S So Itailway r.s lf»7Vi
R TennVAG lsts..Jo3 ptand R A T 65.... 9.>
Krle <Sen«-ral 4» l"t)"4Jrex A Pac Ist*., 111
F w A P C lsts... Tl'-j. Tex A Pac 2ds 54
General Elec L 5....11'« :Cnlrin Pacific 4R..!lfi3»i
TH&P A«* llrt Wabafh litl 114
3 I! * .« A Ms....lf:S IWatwsh *dP .. W)
!I A: T C 5s Hl'; West Ph'ire 11l
.1 A.- T C con fi«...110 AVis Cent Ist! W4
towa Centrnl l«tn.li: ,Va Centriei <■■ '
X C. P A O lsts... CV |Va Pof.-rred 9
'■* new cons Is 107 |?nln ASo 4s ... .. «4
f. A N Unt 4« 99 Sr> Parlfi'- 4s . 73»;
MINING STOCKS.
("hollar "0 'Ontario 100
Crown Point II Ophlr Cm
Con Cal & Va 1 CO Plymouth OS
l>fadnood M Quicksilver 1 7. »
Gmild A Curry M do prefd ........ 7SO
Hale A Norcrc?*.. 32 Sierra Nevada 45
lir.jnestake 65 '«i, Standard 2 »W
Inm Silver 50 Union Con 2*
Mexican SO Yellow Jacket 10 J
BOSTON STOCKS anii BONDS.
M'jney — ' WestlnstaouM 40
Call loans fig; Wls Central 17"4 !
Time loans Ctfj6; Dominion Coal 45
Slocks— 1 do prefd m
Atrhlson Wi 1 Hond«—
do j.rvfd C2 l «(Atchlßon"4a $6 j
Am Sugar 134% Mining Shares
do jtrvfd .... 114 : Adventure <;
Prf-11 Telephone.... 34l All'.uez M;n C 0.... 3»4 '
lioston & Albany. .242 Atlantic 22
IJoHon & Maine. .lts Hoston A M0nt....27S
do preld llutte A 805t0n.... 52
C n A Q 127«».Cal * Hecla 7SO
IM Klec 11! COS Centennial IMJ 1
Kltchburg prefd. 117 FranVlln 13.4
lien Electric v.-\ Humboldt *1
do pi»fd 137 .O8c«ola 67' i i
F«d Steel 14 (Parrot S^vi
do pr<fd 76^ Quincy 132
Mcx Sen II * Santa Fe Copper.. fiVi
<>I<l minion 21'/» Tamarack 18S
Rubber 42\ Winona 4Vj j
ITr.lon Pacific 47% Wolverines 37 1
I"-.;.-., Land 3 Utah 29
.\Y:e York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— Money on call, steady.
*t r-4ffi per cent; last loan, I per cent; prime
mercantile paper. . r i4tit! per cent. Sterling ex
change easier, v.-|th actual business In batik
ers' bills nt $4 K74*** ti% for demand and at
*l Sl l i-04 Kl*i lor sixty days; posted rates,
*4 s;i i tj4 ss4; commercial bills, I« II; silver c»r
:;:i. .■:••>. f.?«js3»ic; l^r silver. :.i>'«c; Mexican
doliars, <7^j>"- Government bonds irregular;
tt&te botids inuctlcve; railroad bonds Irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK. r>e<\ -The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram nays:
The market* here began flat to-day on the
absence of confirmation of the rumors that
Ladyjmltli had been relieved, but noon hard
en*. and remained firm, a fresh wave of buy-
Ing ordf-rs resisting «very attempt to sell prices
down. South African buying was particularly
good. The •-•;;:. relief of Ladysmltb
are Mill credited by the markets. The story is
•aid to hare emanated from Marlborough
House It Is tinted that the War Office denies
nothing-, but only says that It haa no new* to
Issue. The market closed cheerful at the ton.
Americans were slightly bought early in the
session and remained steady ml the afternoon.
THE SAN FBAyciSCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1899.
when New York sold. Full London buying
brought them also to the top at the close,
fpanljih fours were <*'«. TJnl *. 4514643. The
lull was induced by the decline In metals. An .
"''''"•■'" were Si. with Utahs 6, on failures al
luded to below.
The bank received to-day from Crormany the
£160.00 in ,- old reforre-1 to yesterday, half in
Oennan coin, half in sovereigns. it bought
£10.000 In French coin. It also engaged £«0.000
more from Germany for to-morrow and ar
ranged for £500.000 from various Continental
©enters next w»ek. The bank's buying price for
eagles wan reduced to 7Cs 6.1.
The bank did a good business In loans. There
were four small exchange failures.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 15.— Canadian Paciflc. Mi»:
I nion Pac!ft> preferred. 76-,; Northern Pacific
preferred. 76%; AtchUon. 21; Grand Trunk. 74;
Anaconda. S'». Bar Silver, steady at 'J7 L 4 J per
ounce. Money, •; i>er cent.
Bank Clearings.
I " NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstre*t, shows the bonk clear-
Ings at the principal citle« for the week ended
Thursday. December 14. with the percentage of
Increase and decrease, as compared with the
corresponding week last year:
_ Percenter*.
cities— Amount. Inc. Dee.
New York t1.ZU.4M.04] U. 3
! Boston 1M.9C3.537 12.4 ....
Chicago Itt.9M.MB 24.0
Philadelphia 52.51S 274 14 .. .
SL Ixhilb 56.673.4!17 JO. B
Pittsburgh 2S.O4S.ISrt 42.1
Baltimore 22.1 86, .... . 15.8
San Francisco 31,834,78! 24.5
Cincinnati li 577.7'J0 26.1
Kansas Cfty 14.7C4.WJ 2,-..« ....
New Orleans 12.57i.405 6.0 ....
; Minneapolis It 37.3. 4 20.5 ....
l*trolt 8.861.313 27.5
Cleveland 11.706.4 34.0
I<oulßvi:ie 8.830.i33 35.4 ....
Providence 7.525.80Q 35.2 ....
• Milwaukee 6.516.736 13 3 ...
Pt. Paul 6.051.614 7.2 ....
■ Uuffni'i 4.64?.763
Omaha f>. !»?::. :.|rt .... 14 0
Indianaroll* 6.54K.531 27.fi
Colnmbiw, 0 6.413.600 ii 1 ....
Savannah 3.7*9.223 5 8 ....
Denver 4.073 P.. 1 47.4
Hartford 3.045.953 25.6
I Richmond 3,0705*51
I Memphis 1. 097. is] U.l .".".
; Washington 3,200.698 #^» ,
I I'Mria 1.533.558 ... ii 6
Rochester 2.668.23S 84.3
New Haven 1.703 os 3 . - ■•
Worcester 1.851. 1 M .... 13.1
Atlanta 2,n f > -_•! l" 6
Salt Lake City 2.P19!?49 35!3
Springfield, Mass... 1,608.645 .. so
Fort Worth 1.5:,3.401 44
Portlai Me 1 2.M 2.*» 172
Portland. Or r.2ICM9 12! i ..!.
St. Joseph .1.775.0J7 (9.0
I>* Anseles 2.:=.2 61S \»'\
Norfolk 1.56&.4CS 2.11
P>Tacuse 1.129.911 .... 2.5
I>«*h I !ne» 1 1-.14 "ij3 ■>* 1
Nashville 1.624.451 37!* !!!!
Wllmlnnton. Del... 9.'.3 7M 15.J
Fall River 1.53')!357 6.3 '.'.'.'.
Scranton 1 ,11.7 -]<> •»■> 9
Urand Rapids 1.554.408 23'«
AiiKUsta. Ga 1.517.199 C 6 0
I-« W^H ■■• «36.ir.l .... i;!:
Dayton, 0 1.031.341 82.0
£«attl« 2.153.761 46.2 !!!!
Tacoma 1 095 7r> 30 9
Spokane 1.33H.5G2 11.7
•v. lnux *,? I }' 1.277.4.-.6 33.1 !!!! ;
-New liedf^rd 457.16*? "IS
Knoxvllle, Term..., 572 565 •» 1
Topek.l i «4:..7»fi 47:2 :::: I
Hlrniinshan; jiXO 737 js\<;
Wichita 479.264 j'j
Hinßhamton 3J> ;•]<"■) 9 •> *"*"
I>-xlnKti>n. Xv 640935 " " "a'«
Jacksonville. ■ .1... 2sn!uio « i [
ima«oo 5.75.605 93 —
A m mooom 000 165 ;;■■
( itanooca 4to 554 44 •> ""
Rookford 111 ST.3',l^ 47 «
Canton. 0 279 'CKi «i'o •■•■ :
Springfield. 0 822.479 Rt'i "'."
FarKO. N. D r.::.74" " 'i'l
Slorx Falls, p. D... US I*7 ig'c
Hasti,i R v - Neb 151.7 M ; 3
iTomont. Neb jns 574 •> - "
Davenport 774!3«s ' 203
1 oledo 1228.718 29 ""*
iSalveston : 'fv{rK<o " ' "«"*
{['""■ton 5.'64!U07 !!!'
Macon, c.a «» orio \\'\\
rounfmtown. 'i. ... 30! «*>s !!'" 154
Evan»\ille li; & £/ 6TI "•' •;•! :
Sprlnrfield. 11l 4i»"».n "c\ "\
H^na '<4 14h IT
Uttle Rock 613 2M 4i i
Sj » :in *»- « 3 77; (e3 **;* •••• ;
Totals. V. S «.913.120147 U I
Totals outside of •'•* 1
New York ('.. .-; ■ , 14.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J16.299.gE3 .... in .
Z?™} 0 1i:307.H7 12
Winnipeg 1.953,558 26 8
Halifax 1.461,002 <; 4
Hamilton SSS<4W 10 - 1
St. John, N. 15 CO67S« lU>l 'I'l
Victoria. B. C £4:»!723 jVc
Vancouver. B. C... 867.059 ]4 3 us
Totals IM.M.M4 .... ~2~S
+
Bradstreet's Financial Review. f
' I.
r»v. - , ORK> De °- 15 -Brad«reet s financial
rCTtel to-morrow will say: Although rail
money rates did not go to an extreme then
was further pressure in the loan market re
sulting in declines and liquidation throughout
the security lUt. more particularly In indus
trials and specialties. The selling la some cases
was of a kind that would plainly Indicate that
lull pools or large speculative interests were
compelled to let go of their holdings. Hearlsh
Interest! were very active and after adding to
the depressing factors by their sales helped the
market to steady Itself as It did on Thursday
by covering extensive lines of shirts " ur »<>-»>
The market had before It throughout the
week the fear of gold exports, exchange ,a,"*
advancing In a way which Indicated that gohl
would probably i- taken from New York for
London as th. Utter seemed unable to procure
a supply at Paris, the actual result being "he
engagement of '■ 100.000 for shipment 'i.v t?>!
day s steamer. The fact that sales of bonds to
the treasury have ceased because of the sham
rise in the market price of governments had a
bad effect, as It cut oft relief through the a
tlon of the treasury and th.-re was a general
disposition to .all on Washington for further
■ lance to the money market. Not until
Thursday however, did Secretary <»ace [» x
any steps to meet this desire. The announce
ment that January Interest on th» public debt
amounting to 8.600.000 would be anticipated i .•■
the month, though tardy, was well received and
aided In steadying the mark- Meantime de
velopmonts had occurred which tended to un«et
tie the specula!. situation. The fact that
large Inter.-sts In Boston Identified with
the management of corporations whose ne"
(■unities have been active In that m ir"
k-t were In difficulties with respect to
their holdings of mining and other «ha.re«
reached Wall street In a somewhat indirect wav
not clearly understood and gave rise to a. r.
port that there was dancer In the hpccula
tire poslflon of Urge people in the New York
market, Later on when it became known that
the Boston troubles had bewi adjusted and the
baT.k there which was Involved in them had
been helped through by an Issue of Csoooou
clearing-house certificates a feeling of relief
was apparent It may be noted, however that
the heavy sale, of pool mocks and the breaks
In the manipulated specialties were apparently
started by the unfavorable development at Boa
ton and under the actual money market condi
tions gained headway as they proceeded The
ltrltlKh repulses in South Africa were a!*,,
among the depressing factors, leading a, they
did to foreign selling, which on Wednesday
reached as much as 60.000 or more shares r.r
stocks. Considerable amounts of high grade
bondß are said to have been sold in N"w y >r£
of late for foreign account. In some Instances
at concessions. On Thursday. however
London removed Its attitude and bought
stocks to some, extent. On the whole the
foreign Influences were adverse and aided
the disturbing factors to keep th the mi,
ket In a nervous state. In which neither Mr , '
ings dividends nor "richts" like "hoVe to m™!
scribe for the M per cent stock increase j. v
the Pennsylvania Railroad had any effect In
checking decline*. it would ■■••»iv however
that the. liquidation of weak accounts and
unsound speculations have been thorough and
as the public snows little disposition to trade
In stocks there ha« beea ■ good deal of out
»nd out buylßC at the concessions by nermn
nent or temporary Investors. dividend-paying
shar»s receiving much attention from such
quarters. vn
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK. Pec. nilWllHl to-mor
row •will fay: General trad* in wholesale and
manufacturing lines Is quieting down, but It
if worth noting. It i* undisturbed by the
money situation, the Influences of which have
been confined to speculative circle*. The holi
day trade, on the other hand, • has been given
a decided Impetus and comparisons with the
fame period of preceding years are uniformly
favorable, little doubt remaining that although
the retail trade In seasonable lines baa been
effected in some localities by unfavorable
weather holiday specialties have enjoy. i ex
ceptional activity. As regards prices It is a
notable tact that as many staples hnve ad
advanced this week as have declined, while
by far the larger number of quotations have
remained steady or firm. The strength of tex
tiles is still a most notable feature of the
general situation. Cotton goods are heavily
sold ahead by agents and a very large spring
business has already, been booked. Raw cot
ton la firm and unchanKt-U on the week, partly
owing to the light receipts and to reafflrma
tion of a short crop estimated by the De
partment of Agriculture.
Manufactured goods, where not advanced, are
firmly held. Wool it- less active than of late,
but prices are not less firm and BOOM finer
gradc-H are quoted higher. The London market
haa closed at an advance over the last sale
and talk of higher prices with the first of
the year it. common. Woolen goods share the
strength of the raw material and silks and
products are also linnly held.
Corn, among th • cereal?, has displayed a
specially strong tone, owing to small receipts
and depleted stocks. Provisions have weakened
after the recent advance, but lard and pork
are still higher than last week, and hoc re
ceipts are rather emaller than expected. Wheat
has been steady, partly on foreign reports of
cold weather, partly because of intimations of
international disturbances and because of ex
pectatiGna of a bullish Government crop re
port.
In most lines of Iron and steel quietness and
firmness are confident. Estimates of produc
tion point to a net gain In stock, and a source
•■! strength Is the claim made that th* fur
: nace capacity for half of next year at least
Is already booked. .... m ore have been
. a.-me and although nothing like the rush to
book production witnessed a year ago has
been seen a large part of next year's output
Is expectod to be placed by the close of the
' .'-ear. What little weakness there is percepti
■ ble Is in a few lines of finished product.
Hardware Is in quite active demand at a
; number of markets on holiday specialties. In
| other metals there Is considerable Irregularity.
| Tin In again dull and copper Is being shaded.
j while lead Is higher. The open season, usually
\ not regarded an favorable In the anthracite
coal trade, is this year welcomed because it
; allows or unimpeded shipments later than
: usual. High water In the Ohio has released
i a large quantity of bituminous coal and the
: outlook Ib for replenished Western stocks.
; At the East, however, bituminous coal Is still
I In scant supply.
Wheat. including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.260,643 bushels, against 6.133,
831 bushels last week, 6.243,859 bushels In the
] corresponding week last year. 4.464.399 bushels
! In lf>»7. 3.529.526 bushels 'In 1596 and :,C£6,o<3
1 bushels In 1*95.
Blnce July l. this season, the exports of
I wheat aggregate 97,553,926 bushels, ngalnst 109,
720.K1 bushels last year, and 115,509,197 bushels
.in 189«! 9
Failures for the week In Canada number 28.
against 31 last week. 31 In this week a year
I ago. 43 in 1597. 39 In 1596 and 42 in 1593.
Dun s Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. Dee. IS — R. G. Dun & Co.'s
! weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
] Unusual depression In stocks this week has
displayed the great divergence between the
' trading and the productive Industries of the
| country and Its speculation. Never has pro-
I duction been greater, the number of haflia
employed larger, the wages distributed higher,
nor the purchasing power based on earnings
greater than at this time. and never have 11-
j dltlons of trade or returns Of earnings and
traffic given more certainty of greater .>usl
, ness for transporters. Yet an the earnings
of the railways and manufacturing companies
mount upward tJiHr stocks decline us If it
were disastrous for a roud to double Its earn
ings and ruinous for a mill to realize unpre
cedented prospect*. Inflated capitalization has.
of course, done much barm and speculative
excitement has counted profits in many oases
i long before they were earned. Money markets
here and abroad have been strained by British
I reverses In South Africa, and wherever they
; were overloaded have been pushed to quick
1 and disastrous Instead of gradual liquidation.
The result Is that the Industries and tranx
ponlng companies realize great profits, th«
speculative holders of their t>tocks realize se
i vere losses.
Iron production still expands. The iron Age
reports the output of pig :: m.<<.<>:. 9m .<<.<>:.9 tons weekly
December 1. against 255.512 tons November 1.
The decrease in stocks not held by the great
steel companies la 5200 tons. A Plttsburg com- 1
l pany bought 40,000 tons of Bessemer for $24
at Valley mill, which Is below recent prices
I and Oray forge Is quoted a shade lower at
$21. Bars are again irregular, Lie for com
1 mon at PlttsbUrg and 2.2 c for refined nt the
I Bast and plates nnt exceeding sixty inches i
are sold at 2.1 cby mills out of orders, while
it Is said 2.4e is shaded at times for No. 27
black sheets, but nearly all works still have
, orders far ahead and In other specialties prices i
are unchanged.
The collapse of London speculation dropped
j the quotation of tin to 24c here, with recovery
to 25 1 , c, and copper Is weak at 16*ic, but
lead Is a shade stronger.
The boot and shoe works are hastening de
liveries to meet the enormous consuming de
mand and have shipped from Boston 188.421
cases In two weeks •• December, against "2. -
C.',\ last year and still less In any other year
except I*&7. when 191.524 cn.-t.-s were shii.|.*.l. 1
The same dealers who urge early delivery on j
past orders at lower prices are slow to pll4M
more at the higher prices now asked, white
most of the works holding orders for some I
time ahead are not anxious to take more &t
present.
The approaching holidays make all welcome
a season of quiet. Leather continues v»ry
strong, with scanty supplies of «sole but great
demands for upper.
The movement of wheat Is disappointing, but
priors have declined only SS I.1 '. With corn a
fraction higher. Atlantic exports of wheat.
Hour included, have In two weeks of Decem
ber been only 5.32*. 604 bushels, against 11.1?$,- '
4i!« bushels last year, and Pacific exports were
1.501.957 bushels, against L2M.U4 bushels last ]
year. Shrinkage In Western receipts only 8.- i
975.725 bushels, having come forward In two
weeks. against 17.745.411 bushels last year. Is
remarkable, though the movement then was
abnormal.
Exports of breadstufts In November decreased
t5.500.000. which, with the losses of $000,000 In !
provisions and $13.nfK>.000 In cotton, lowered the
value of staple exports $15,337,567 . In spite of
an Increase of 000. 000 In oil. Hut enormous ]
•shipments of products made the excess of ex
ports over Imports more than $49,000,000 for the ,
month.
Wool did not advance further, though sales
(scarcely diminish and have been 22.075,000 ;
pounds In two weeks at the three chief mar- j
kets, so far exceeding all consuming demand* [
that peculation must still account for moat
of the business, but there was less excitement
and more buying by small works. No change
In quotations of good appear, though In pome
heavy weights for fall advances of 10 to 15 J
per cent are reported.
Failures for the week were 21R In the fnlt.d
States, against Ml last year, and 26 In Canada, ;
against 31 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Doc. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts, 14.
713 bbls; -xports. 25.691 bbls: Inactive and nearly !
steady, with buyers l#loc under the market.
WHEAT— Rroelpts. 54,575 bushels; exports,
15,545. Spot market easy; No. 2 red. 74^c f. o.
b . No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79Hc f. 0. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard nuluth. NHe f. O. b. afloat fpot: :
No. 2 red. 72% c elevator. Options closed eaay at
'»<• "I** line. following local sale* and liberal Ar- j
gentine shipments. Subsequent slight declines |
were prompted by fear* of a bearish Govern
ment report and an entire absence of Impor
tant export demand. Finally the market milled
Might ly with Corn and eloped steady at '•».• de
cline. March closed at 78%< . May closed at
74 7 )>c; July closed at 75'ic; December riffled at
72»,c.
HlDES— Steady.
LEATHER
wool. Dull.
COFFEE — Closed quiet. 10 points lower.
Sales. 19.750 bat;*. Including January. }", "><ij:, 85;
March. $5 DOSS '. May. $6 05; July, Jo 15; Au- ]
fust, !n i 0; September $•> ttOC 30; October, J6 23 |
(iH 20; November, $6 35. Spot — Rio, steady: No.
7 Invoice. 6"ic; No. 7 Jobbing. 7%c. Mild- I
Steady.
SI OAR Raw, firm; held higher. Refined.
steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2499 packages. Market
quiet and steady. Western Creamery, !3t>27c;
June Creamery. 22&2.1V*c: factory, 15«£<i520<\
EGGS— Receipts, 532 packages. Market steady.
Western ungraded, MOSHc; Western. :.'l«j24c,
loss off.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— Evaporated Apples
ruled moderately active and steady at un
changed prices California Fruits, quiet.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
6<&«>4c; prime. 6»;i&?c; choice. ~\o>>\.'-; fancy, I
sH©9c
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34fiSc per
lb. as to si/- and quality.
APRICOTS Royal, 13815 c; Moorpark. if.-gißc.
PEACUSfI 1... | ;,, „-.,.; unpeeled. 7V4«10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 15.— Provision* wfn> em
phatically jitrotiK to-day, sentiment was de
cidedly bullish and the market active throußh
out. Opening Usurps were over yesterday's
close, the ho« supply being light and prim it
the yard firm. With the price up. there was
an excellent demand, commission houses com
liiK Into the pit with pood outside orders.
Speculators bought with confidence in even
better fljcun-s later on. Packer* were not anxi
ous to take profits and as the session pro
gressed bidders Bteadlly advanced their figures.
The profit-taking at one time checked the ad
vance temporarily, but the close was very near
th« top. May pork closed 30 cents over yester
day; May lard closed I2'i©lsc up and May
ribs IDe hither. -• -*. -.•->
Wheat was dull and heavy, there being a
Reneral disposition to await the Government
crop report, which was not due until after trad
ln« hours. The openlnc was steady on the
strength of llrht Northwest receipts, and the
steadiness of the. Liverpool market. Mar open
lnc. a shade, up at f»«i&67T4c. Buyer* were
chary, however, ; expectlnc the Government re
port to be rather bearish, and the market
eased oft. touchlne 6!>S. A slight reaction
caused by bujeri against "puts' ' followed, but
the rinse was at the "put" figure, the windup
leaving May %c lower at 69Uc.
Corn was a bit easier on freer country oft>r-
IriKs and better weather tor the movement.
The strength of provisions, however, had a;
steadying effect and the market sustained only
■ slight .lo*.i. closing steady. May clused He
down.
The oat* market was stacnant and lifeless,
such slight motions as It male helm? In sym
pathy with corn. .May closed a shade under
yesterday at 24'« c.
The leading futures ranged a.« follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
heat No. 2—
December 66 f,6>; 6 -,t 66
Jto 69-i 69% 65% 6S«i
Corn-No!*:- 701 ' 7 ° 70 * Wi
December 3H; 3i<; 30% 31
I*™*™ SIS 31\ 31 n%
' oatsN-0.-!;-- .... a% 33^ 33
.;;•:,: m^.::::::::::: sj n%
Jln« Pork, per barrel- "" 4 2Vt 24 ' mi
if_ n " ary 10 2» JO IT% 10 l?»i 10 3."» '
llru-.-pVr^-.bs^ 40 1062< - 1035 10W
ary 5 47H 5 57>i 5« 6 S7U
M sU-Ribs;-oer-iM^s- 580 565 677U
short Rids. D er 100 ib«—
•(? n '. Irir - v J« R4T-, r t«1
M _ a > 550 560 545 560
«t° a ' h 0181 '""" were a» follows: FlouT!
tiZiZ^rh 0 - 3 Bprln « Wheat. e4U?7fi7e: No. 2
si«;-ii ■ ■ <f : No. SCorn - MUWIHc; No. 2 oats.
, X, • w
««:Prtm«Tl«nothj s 3SW^: . No. 1 Flasnei-d •
bhl J-
Hhn,,M itu, aide, loose, K»CSM: Dry Salt. -d
hir,rt dP 7.-.-^?'«3- MW«Hc Short Clear ilde..
gs rayg y - di3ti " er!> ' qjja*
"r-^ ."^jrj 1 - s " Si ro =:
Wheat, Iju - :oo() ;.,'coo
bu M 4 „«, jggg
■ ::::::::::::.
nirf,^bu:::::::::;::;;;;;;;; i; (via  ,M, M
Brtey, bo:::::::::::::;;:;;;; j
marke tt t h wil r^«H Exchan ««' *>-«•! the Butter
frwh. 2^ heeSe ' ™' "'^^Hc. ;■«-■; ■«-■ firm;
-^ ■ !
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
8^7::::::::::::::::^ Mar - M*y-8^^.::::::::::::::::::;M *y
8^^.::::::::::::::::::; !$ 1$
_. w PARIS.
»ST Dec - Mar-June.
L Flour- IS4 ° 1325
fc'"* 24 20 23 40
Closing 24 00 25 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 15.-CATTLE-Steady. un
changed; cows steady; canners firm; fed Tex
ansi steady. In good demand; good feeders firm.
Fancy Christmas steers. $7tf*S 50; good to choice.
$5 4086 80; poor to medium, $4 30f|5 25; mixed
Mockers, ::;■.(•; 75; selected feeders. 14 25fi4 ►;:.;
good to choice cows. $3 SOfT 4 50; heifers $3 50«r
i" J r : . c ■inn-:-. }..,.;. bulls, *- 20: calves. $1
it. i.n fed ,T' xa » beeves. $4 25(5(5 25; grass Texas
. St^PT^, S3 '2 •:
H-»;s Mark-r 2Hc to 5c higher; clearance
I good. Mixed and butchers. $3 95fi4 50- good to
; choice. ,$, $ ',4, 4 15; rough heavy. $4 65{i4 95- Ucht
$3 M 34 10; bulk of sales, $4& 10. B '
SHEEP— Steady: good to choice lambs strong.
Native wethers. $464 15; lambs. $4ft4 75- West
ern wethers. $4*J4 50; Western lan; |i 65QJ 50
■ • tpto— Cattlt. 2500; hogs. 24,000; sheep'
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Dec 15— There was a good attend
j ance at the sale of Cape of Good Hope and
i Natal sheepskins held in Mincing lane to-
I day. All the offerings were sold, the home
trade securing the bulk. Long and short
wooled skins were %d and coarse Va'« I higher.
iVinv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. D^c. 15.— Taken as a whole the
, metal market to-day was easier on a better
, class of news from abroad and the west, later
I leading to Increased inquiry from the real buy
ers and confidence of sellers. At best business
W "r * l A>!\.? ll iy - The - M l Exchange called:
PIGIRON — Warrants, lower to sell at the
LAKE COPPER— Nominal, at $1« 75617
TlN— Steady, at $25*i25 50.
I. HAD— Steady, at $4 65'§4 75.
SPELTER Steady, at S4 65'(?4 75
The brokers' price for lead is 14 45 and for
copper SIT.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1" To-day's condition
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance. $257,535.123; gold reserve. 5243.273.596.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 15.— Consols, 102 1-16; sliver
|S7" 4 d; French rentes. lOOf 57% c. Wheat cargoes
! off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
par.sage, rather firmer, partly 3d higher; No. 1
standard California. 2?*; English country mar
kets, firm.
LONDON. Dec. 15.— Wheat firm; No. l stand
ard California, Is M; wheat In Paris, weak
flour in Paris, weak; French country markets'
steady: weather in England, frosty.
COTTON— Uplands. 4\,d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot firm; No. 2 spring, fis Ud
Futures quiet; March, 6s ir.i. May. 5s 9?« d.
CORN— Spot firm; American mixed, Ss 7d
Futures steady; December, 3s W.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or . Dec. 15.— Clearings. $340,-
CD9; balances, $92,277.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 15.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 61352 c; valley. 51552 c; blue stem. ;.3c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 13.— WHEAT—
6O',ic; blue stem. He
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — - ji s»>4
Sterling Exchange, sinht — 4 -.oj
Sterling Cables — 4 594
New York Exchange, sight — 1214
New York Exchange. telegraphic — 15
Fine Sliver, per ounce — f#i:
Mexican Dollars — 4^*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The William Tlllle takes for Cap*
Town 65.562 ctls. valued at 179.630; Lord Cairn.
for Cork. 45.656 ctls. at $43,560.
The market was dull, with a decline in fu
tures. .
Liverpool advanced ' 4 c. Argentine shipments
were MIMI bushels. The Chicago market was 1
very tame, with little news There were m..... '
sellers than buyers* and it was a small day.
The Government Issued Its report, giving the
crop of 1599 at 547.300.000 bushels, or 12.1 bushels
per acre There wen 291.7C0.C00 bushels winter
and X 5.000.000 bushels spring. Th.- new winter
crop Is estimated at 30,150.000 acres. or .'"'/n-i
mor* than last fall, and the condition Is placed
at 37.1 per cent. v v
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97H99S*«c; milling. Si
r a 1 02V4-
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 8000 etla
Second Session— May- 4000 ctls, $1 04»4' 10,000,
$1 04Vi- "
Regular Morning Session— May— 24 000 ctl»
II M.;; 14.000. $1 04»i: December, 1900—12 000 ctls
$1 ">■"».
Afternoon Session— No sales.
HA RLEY— There Is nothing new to report
the market being neglected.
Experts from this port during the first eleven
months of the year amount to 2,745.300 ctls val
ued at J2.K39.600, against 7V.SM ctls, at l?io 116"
during the same time last year. * ' '
Feed. Nc for No. 1 and 60&75 c for off grade* -
Brewing and shipping grades. BJ'»9oc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sa'e«
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls
"SHic. •
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS-llolders report a very firm market
with an advancing tendency in the i,,.,:
grades. r
White. $1 lf«il 30: Red. |l 07401 10- Qriv
$1 117',. Black. 97Hc@Jl 074 **•
COKN-Eastern White Is quoted hi $: 02«4«
1 05 per ctl. and Eastern yellow at II c,-,'<, 1 V
RTB ji 05 per ctl. * Cjtfl U
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at $1 90©2 15 p« r ctl .
Flour ami Millstuffs.
Shipment of 4000 barrels Flour to Liverpool
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 M| 75
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 4f1»3 60: Oreeon
and Washington. $3 4003 SO per bbl for -itra
$3 25«S 40 for bakers' and $2 15^3 for suoerflnt'
MILLSTUFFS-Prlce. in .art, a M m fo'l
lows, usual discount to the trade- Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 Ib.; Rye Flour. $3 75- rJ2
MeaL 12 50; Rice Flour. |7; CornmeaU i: '&■
Oat Groat*. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25<83 £0; Buck
wheat Flour. $•■•• 25: Cracked Wheat, ti 75:
Farina. U 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 00: Rolled
Outs (barrels). |t#l 25; In sacks, $5 '.507;
Pearl Barley, 15; Split Teas. JO; Green Peas.
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
//</v «;/</ Feedstuff s.
There has been no Hay market for two days,
owing to the rain. The feeling continues very
weak. FeedstufTs remain as before.
BRAN— H3OI4 per ton.
MII)DUNGS-$17'&30 per ton.
FEEDSTITFFS— Itolled Barley, ll« 5f1©17 60
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26f?27: Job
bins. $27 80633; Cocoanut Cake. $20621; Corn
nieal. J23 54)f«2» 50: Cracked Corn. $21025; Mixed
Feed. $16 0*141 17; Cottonseed Meal. J2S per ton.
HAT — Wheat. 17 50#S £0 for common to good
and $'J®l Co for choice: Wheat and Oat. J7R9;
Oat. $6 SOfiS: Barley. $.-i{?6 50; Alfalfa, $J@l per
ton: Compressed. %'Uin per ten.
STItAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All de«erlptlnns are fjulet and unchanged.
BEANS- I . mall White, J- •>"
Pinks. 5." ■
■
a rnlnal; Lint, U . ■ ■ 1 Kid
■ itl.
SEEDS Bn ::. lloal .r '. :•"'.-. Y.-Ilnw
Mustard i .' Flax, 12 : ". : Canary, * :»': »' per
\ Ifilfa,
Rape . I
•
DRIED IKA.- Nltaa, i. '■ o-l 90; Green. $1 Ti
Potatoes, Onions <; bibles.
Potatoes and Onions are steady. Los Angeles
Vegetables are In good supply.
POTATOES-Early Hose. 90S 95c; River Reds.
eo«j;oc; Rurbanks. 40075 c per etl: Salinas Bur
banks, KOI 23; Oregon Hurbanks. SOcQil 10;
Sweet Potatoes, for River and $1 25 for
Merced.
ONIONS Mc«tl 25 POT ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Peas, s®«c per 1b;
String Beans. 6<o7c; Cabbage 40<9J0c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 75c© $1 25; Egg Plant from Loi
Angeles. lOc; Cucumbers. $1: Dried Okra
12'ic per Ib; Oar ll 4ftsc; Green Peppers from
Los Angelea, :,.;►. Dried Peppers, 8® 10c; Car
rots. 3OJHOc per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Bquash. 75cfljl per box: Marrowfat Squash $20
per ton; Mushrooms. 15525 C per lb.
Poultry and Game.
There are still large stocks of Eaatera on
■ the market and quotations for tome kinds are
; still lower DfCaaad Turkeys are In heavy
| supply and weaker. Game show* very little
change.
POULTRY-Llv- Turkeys. 13314 c tor Gob
blers and 13<3Hc for Hens. Dressed Turkeys.
14gi."c: Me. per pair. $1 751J2; Gosling. $1 75
©2; Ducks. »4fj4SO for old and 14 ;,.,-«5 50 for
youns: Hens. J.V<7. : Young Roosters 13 501? 4-
J3.Va3.0 for Urge an,l 12 7563 25 for small
uab" S> : P * r Ze " for °' d a " d ll T:&: :; for
r.AME-Quail. $1 BftgJ; Mallard. J37J3 CO:
rr i a ?. % ; a f b - ack s, IJ W i0 = B Pfi«. *» "*m 25* V«V
I I 5? I**1 ** W'i««»»«. II =*X SO! Hm.ll Duck
I i rn J 'n vi. ' "'" ; mxxx ' P* r 'lo^n; Hare. $1 n«
I 5, B SJ 1 a $1 75 = rr ' ra >- ?••••. W*s » Whit"
j*} 25«1 50; Brant. $1 75«2 50; Honkers. 1*.,:
! [: n .»: l J ! ',, h rn hnl I>«.I > «. *2 M iwr dozen; Jack Snipe.'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The lower grades of Butter are weak, but
Creameries show no further loss In strength.
Stocks of all kinds are ample, Cheese Is firm,
and some dealers are getting over the quota
tions.
Kicgi are about as before quoted, but the
mark- I is not firm.
BUTTER—
• 'reamery— Fancy creamery. 24c; seconds. Ilfl
Dairy— Fancy. 21fi22c: good to choice. 174©
20c; common, Ufrltic.
1-lckl^.l roll,  nrkln. 2u{j2lc; creamery
Eastern. ITi^lSc tor ladle packed
CHEESE— Choice mild new. :.—•• old. HUe-
Young America. 12 1 -"' 13 .-; Easter 1 li4^i6c :
Western. 13',i«lJc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 22'i*323c for store and SO®
33c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— CylJ storage
IStjlDc for firsts and lit; for seconds; freah. 21©
23c j»-r dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is no change worthy of note. Orange*
»f In free supply and weak, while good
I are In light supply and firm. Apples
are plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— SS/o&k: per box for common. ?sc<B|l |
for good and $1 25ft 1 50 for choice; Lady Apples
Jl w>«J2 p»r box '
BERRIES — Strawberries. |MI for large-
Cape Cod Cranberries. $7 CO& 3 50; Coos Bay
Cranberries, II 50 per box.
Persimmons, 25ft50c per box.
Winter IVarf. r.ito^J2 per box
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. %1 1032 23
per box; See-lUng?. %\UI 50; Japanese Manda- 1
rins SI 50<ai 7r. : Pomelos. S101: L* mo ns. $ig
1 60 for common and J234 for kooU to choice-
Mexican Limes. Ilft4 SO; California Limes 25«
60c; -Manas. II :• ■it:: per bunch; i'lnrai.bies
$3 50^4 per dozen. '
Pried Fruits. Nuts ivui Raisins.
Shipment of 75?4 pounoa of LSeeswax anJ 123
t I l.iv.-r;
Tha markal I r ararytblac exr» t ,t Honey I*
flat and no Improvemer- 1 until alter
thn turn of tlie year. Tbar* la no pressure to
■ r. -rally I.elleve In firm prkea
■rheo iiuiii
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 44c for
40-JO'b, -MJ4V for SO-60s. 3Hc for 60-70's, 3S»o
for 70-SO's. 3c for SO-Ws and 2» 4 c for 90-lWs.
Apricots. ii4n:i.- for Royals. UHOMc for Moorl
I«a'ks and 12«14c for Blenheims; Peaches in
i'tc for Standards, 6V6V4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 12V4«15c; Evaporated
Apple* 7ij7»*c: Sun-dried. 5t(.",V,c per lb: Nec
tarines bWi^c per lb for red; Pears $H«Sc for
quarters and Sft'lUc for halves; Black Figs 30
»4c; Whit.- Flks. 4©6 c: Bleached Plums git»^
Unbleached Plums, 7<g7Hc for pitted and iw
for unfitted. ™
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's — Fancy per
lb. 10c; choice. Ie; standard, he; prime 6c" un
bleached Thompson's, per lh. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lh. S>*c; choice. "\ c; standard. 64c
prime, Mi unbleached Sultanas. sc; --dless'
50-lb boxes, tc; 2-crown loose Muscatel* sV4c'
3-crown, <■.'«<••; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers'
2-crown, 1160 per box: 3-crown, $1 60 > Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. 12 £0; Imperial. »3 All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS - Chestnuts. MTIOc; Walnuts. MMc
for standards and 9^loc for s^ftshell- Al
monds. 11<&V12c for paper-shell. »©ioe for soft
and »96e for hardshell; Peanuts. t ©«» 4 c for
Eastern and 6c for California; Brazil Nut*
7Hf/Sc: Filberts, livj^irc; Pecans, idquc'
Cocoanuts, 14 50fJ5. w*yt
HONFjY-Comb. HH«l2c fo.- bright and 1048
lie for '.lKht anil.«-r; water white extracted 7S
'«'.-; liKht amber extracted. t\«7c- dark 'tKc
per IK . ' ' 7 "^
BEESWAX— 24tJ2fic per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicago market was reported more ac
tive yesterday. Here pure Lard was advanced
>._.,- per round. Bacon was steady.
Local dealers ore cutting Hams acaln and
some Fale« ;is low as ll',c are reporte.l ' Thi«
Is In the face of a re.ent advance at , nica "'
where Ham* are reported very firm n ' ca * 0 '
CURED MKATS - Hacon. i^c p ; r ,b, b fnr
heavy. SVic for .tght medium. IOUc for lla-hf
12Uc for extra lUht and 12c for suirarVur^i*
Kastern suicar-cure.l Hams. l^gi; l . Cali'orni*
Hame. nominal: Mess Beef. Jl2 per " bb|- «tra
j Mess. 113: Family. Jl4: extra Trim- Pork $'45?
LAIU> - Tierces quoted nt fiVjc per lb for
compound nnd 7'» c for pure; half-barrels pure.
Ec; 10-lb tln«. B'i<": 5-lb tins B\c ' P '
COTTOLENE-Tlerces. ;^i7»»c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-CulU and brand« nell
about lc under quotation!. Heavy waited
st»er». lie: medium, lie; light. 10>4c; Cowhides
lie; StaKs. The: Salted Kip. lo^c; Calf Uc :
pry Hides, sound. ISU © We: culls and
brand-. Ue: Dry Kip and Veal. 17 C - Dry Calf
:oc; Sheepskins, ycarllnss. ?..':;:,.• each' short
Wool, 33fjC0c each: medium. *Ulf9oc; lonr Wool
11^1 X each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 73?0r
lurce and M for ?ma!l: Colts. 50c.
TALIOW— No 1 rendered. 60 per lb: No 2
4c: rWlncd, 6 ! -c; grease. 2ijc.
WOOI,—
Fall clip. Fan Joaquln plains. 91?l0c; South
ern. R(&10c: Mtddl- County. lltf'.Sc; Humbol.it
and Mcndoclno. 16R17c: Eastern Oregon, IJOIJC- I
Valley Oregon. 17018 c; Northern Mountain'
free. ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective l(Va
lie ncr lb. "
HOPS-6-e9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7O"Hc per lb for Steers and «H©7o
for Cows.
VBAL SOIOC per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c: ewes. 6Hc per lb.
LAMB— S©BV4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoi s»if7STie for small. SSO
< 5- c for medium and Mfi^ic for larre; stock
Hogs and feeder:-. S^c: dressed Hogs. 78^4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bogs. 7f?7Ue: Wool
Bugs. 25©30 c: Fruit Bags. Re. «V and 6»io for
the three grades of white and "He for bleached
Jut*. SffiVS
Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton. $<: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle. V:
Bryant $6; COM Bay. »5; Wallsend. $5; Scotch.
: Cumberland. 13 73 In bulk and 111 25 la
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£* AT j^
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 Valencia Street.
THIS DAY. ~»
SATURDAY. Dee. it, at 11 O'clock.
We will sell M head cf Work. Ro«d and Dmft
,I2T**** from i to 7 tan f.ld and weight fmm
1000 to lltt) lbs, ail broke and sound. The pub-
lic Is Invited to ■•all and examine Ihll Mock
and see them In harness any time before sale.
!.I.|Va. A DOTI
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office— Sixth street.
AUCTION SALE
?f? f X READ or HORSEB weighing fmm ICCO
'■akl^ni "J EI(! »TH and HARRISON STS..
Oakland. BATURDAT. L*c. l«, at 1 p. m.. rala
i sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg M Can
"'• »'; »^i*J. Jon. Uoclt Spring, and C.stl.
In sacks! • ox-. tl3 per toa in bulk «*
Harrison's rlrrular says
••Kurlnir the ueek there have been ntx ...
merles of coal from Washington. 19. 72* tons;
two from British Columbia. 7403 tons; on* fr-m
« Hr.llff. K4« tons; total. 50.67* ton*. If the*«
arrivals continue we will pull through th«
winter In goo«J shape, an the quantity delivered
fully equals the amount mnaumed thin w»ejc
It now looks a.'" If the congestion In the coast
freight market for the movement of dal wi'.l
shortly be relaxed, as the Government has
commenced re!ea«tr.g transports. - r— of
which will naturally drift Into coal transport*,
tlon: there Is pi.-: of room for them. Ther«
have been two serious colliery explosions this
week, accompanied with loss of life In eacn
case. The delivery of Comox will not be tn
terfered with, a.i they have fully 30,000 ten*
mined ready for delivery, but the accident »t
Carbon Hill mine Is much more serious, artr t
may discommode the Southern Pacific Company
for fuel for a time. Latest cabled quotations
from Great Britain report marked advance* in
th» price of all coals a* welt a» a stiffening In
freights; the two added together make Kr.g'.iin
fuel Imports almost prohibitory."
HlCK— China mixed. $3 IM 90; China N'-> l
14 25® 4 75; extra do. M &035 li; Hawaiian
$4 87>?f?5; Japan. $4 H#t; Louisiana. 14 .V'H UL
SUGAR— Th» Western Suirar liennins; Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In ICO-lb bacV-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed ;%•'•
Powdered. 5«iC; Candy Granulated, ie; Dry
Granulated, »'» Confectioners' A, 4 T ,c- Call
fornia A. : Majcnolia A. 4'-c: Extra C. 4Hc-
Golden C, 4\ic; barrels. l-l«c more: half-bar
rels. '«c more; boxes. >^c more; SO-lb box*.
»ic more. Xo order taken for less than 73 b.»r.
rels or its equivalent. Dominoes. half-barreU
iSc: boxes. s T io per lb.
CANNED GOODS— Shipment of 75.511 c*«»<i
fruit, 23J cases vegetables and 25.331 cases sal
mon tv Liverpool.
♦
Receipts of Produce.
FOR DECEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks.... 17.273 Sugar, sk* ♦/*»
Wheat, ctls :. «o:. Sugar, bbla r1!r 1 !
Barley, ctls MX Lime, bbls K«
Oats, '.!■ 430 Hay. tons ;■»
(Torn, ctls 10 Straw, tons ..... '.-.•%*
t'heese, ctls 47 Hops, bales ' J«2 ■'
Butter, ctls 1«! Wool, bags 23
Tallow, ctls m Pelts, bndls 4S
Beans, sk.i 737 Hides. No TV
Potatoes, -<ks .... I.SSOjEitks. doz i,J3>
Onions, sks .... 27C leather, rolls ... M
Shorts, sks '•"> Wine, gals S4.:w»
Bran, sks . 3.0«0 Brandy. gais .... 13,1:0
Middlings, ska .. '.-•
AUSTRALIA.
Wool, bales IS I
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are cheaper again. Butter an Ch«*s«
are unchanged.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the sarr.« as
last week. There are pier.- of Los Angeiea
summer Vegetables on the market.
Poultry Is very plentiful, as ten carl^u'ls
I came in from the East th:» week. Game, too.
Is In good supply an 1 cheaper.
There la no change in Meata. The atomy
weather makes Flan scarce and t!tar.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $— — #11 SO Castle Gate.. — <Jl3 M
Wellington . 910 00 Southfleld
New Waning. Wellington — C"> It
ton ©10 CO Coca Bay — 0*
I Seattle CO®
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, fancy, per Common Egg*...
square ZCft:,'_ Kancn Eggs, per
Do, per roll —«,tij dozen US-
Do, good ~s*° Ilonry Comb, par
Theese. Cal —Vli pound . UttlS
1 CSee*e. Eastern 17620 Do, extracted... —OH
Cheese. Swiss 20tJ2S •
Meats, per Ib—
Bacon U©l7|Pork. fresh urn
Beef, choice 154T20 Pork, salt li^lS
Do. good I0«15 !V,rk Chops '.'.'.'.'.'..tSait
Corned Beef —910 Round Ht^ak.. lOOU
Ham. r*l 15«— iSlrloln Steak ....iir.tt—
Do. Eastern. .. l7 VU—i Porterhouse. ao...T)'Jii
Lard KtflS Praoked Beef ....nyti
Mutton lnul",l n ul", I'-rk Sausages.. uv,ti ."I
Lamb :- : :\>al 14tT25
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 501*63 Quail, dozen J2T? r»
Young Roosters. Mallard. pr....73c3Jl 00
each . ... SO4Z& Canvasbaclc. pnir
Old roosters. 'a '■'■■■■ ■ 7^: "p tl 23
Fryers, each 4>&W Sprig, pair ..•*»—
}iroiler*. each 3."»-ii4>. T-.il. per pair UVM
Turkeys, per 1b... 171*20! Widgeon, pair W««
Ducks, each WtJW) Small Duck, per
Geese, each. .ll 2Sfn 501 pair 40QW
Pigeons, pair ....401*50 > Wild Geese, par
Rabbits, pair iW'.A\ pair 7Jc«ll
I Hare, each — <&20 Eprtl»h Snipe, dip >»»
Doves, per doe 11 25, Jack Snipe — Oil
Fruit* and Nuts—
Almonds, 1b 15®20 Lemons, do« »«*-.
Apples 4'tl * Lime*, per doi ' lliir.
Bananas, dozen... lOli 15 Pears, per lb 'Ml 4
Cranberries. <|t- ..lOui;.|Ratsin* 1b " £§13
GrapvM, par 1b....10tri2 IStrawb»rrtea1 Strawb»rrtea '»»
Huckleberries. ib.. vi' drawer T. 25JT1S
Oranßes, d0zen.... 15^25, Walnuts. 1b '.'.'.— «ii
Vegetables- —***•»
Artichokes. doc... Onions. lb .... £• 1
Beets, do« 12»l5|Okra. dry. per lb -«"',
Bean., white, lb.. 5f- Peppers. ggrine n Ib <»!»
Colored, lb *if 5 Potatoes, lb .... J»j
Lima. 1b... ......-© Sweet Potatoes... £8 4
Cabbage, each ... Parsnips, doi .. tsaV-
Cauliflowers, each 6WIO Radishes, dx bchslO«l3
Celery, bunch ... 5*- Sage, d->« bnch« 2.»fiv,
Cucumbers., d0z.. 20'1r23i String Bean* lb Sfrl*
Cress, do» bnchs.2nfl.x.lsumm»r Haiiasn
E« Plant, Ib 151,20 per D . .._.„ St?n
(Jr^en Ivan. 1b.... &UU> Thyme. lb t&na
Lentils. Id «4# S,Turn!r«. <\or .. . io«t".
Lettuce, doi l&©- Tomatoes, lb It?:}
Fish-
Barracuda «— Shrimp* — 4J;i»
Carp !' v "i: Shad -^8!J
Codtlsh — 4<li Sea Rasa — » -
Flounders »?■»>—, Smelts 1502t>
Halibut lift— Pole* _ i/i;
H-rrlnic —<b 12 Skates, each lOtili
Klturflnh — «15jClam*. gal WhJ —
Mackerel — »— 1 Do harlshell.! 4fl«M
Do. Hors* — — iCrabs. each 1041 1$
Perch —©—I Do softshell.doa IS9*J
Pompano — it — 'Mussels, gut \Q'tt\l
llnrkn.oh nit— Oyster*. Cal. l(X»..4*e.v>
Salmon, fresh ... :r,^— i Do Eastern. :;■.;•>
Salmon, smoked..— *j JO
THE STOCK MARKET
There wan a fair business In securities yes
terday. <:a« * Electric declined from J i TJ to
$'.2 75, and Alaska Packers' from $117 '.'• i • III*.
There were no market changes In the oil
storks.
The Paraffin* Paint Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of B cent* and an extra
one of -'• cent* on the COth.
Tli*- Paelno AuxllUry Klre Alarm Company
j.ani an »-\tr i dlUdend of 5 cents per ■UN
on the nth.
The American Fuel Oil Company wl!l par
Its first dividend of 2 cents per share to-rt.iy.
The Oakland CSas Company ami th<» I\trirV* i
ami tfunset Telephone companies paid th-* usi-V.
dividends yesterday.
The Sprlnc Valley Water Company wilt pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share on the JWh.
The Contra Costa Water Company pa!J a
dividend of 4') cents per share yesterday.
STOCK AM' BOND EXCHANGE.
FniDAT. r>c. 15—5 p. ra.
V 8 Bonds— !n ! \-<.
4a quar coup.. — — Eqult 01. Co. ;. ! 4 ." l i
4s quar rex v .. — — Mutual El Co. lt*J ~
4s quar new... — — •<; I. a. H... «j «
•■ quar c0up... 109*4110 i'ac Uaa Imp.. — ■
iliscellaneous— Par LJsht Co. — i.
Cal-st Cab 55. .117% — S X '■. * X.... J3% Jl
C C Wat 35. ...103 Hi.; Jan Francisco. 3\ :.\
Kd L A P bin - 'btockton CUM.. M -
F * Cl Ry Rs.HS - I Insurance—
Geary-*t It as. — M IFlrenVs Fund.KS -
H C & S i^s.UJ — ltank Stock*—
Do Ss 10«H — Annlo-Cal «4U _
L. A l:y 55.... — 10< Hank of Cal..4'X) _
L A LCo 65.. I* - <nl Slt * T.. — _
Do cntd «m.. ft — i First Natlonl n.i — -
Do fntd $s.. — 103 I I>in P A A 131 IKVi
LAIt P « 55. 101% — Merchnts* Kx. — 14
Market-fit «»...— 131 N>v Nat P.k... — 1»
Do Ist M -.11* — H.ivlnr- mat-
Nnn olt 7s. 11l - Or S A L....1750 _
NR of Cal «s.li;'j — Mum s * 1«...ii.-*» ti*>
N nof Cal 55.U35113*» Mut 8v Dk... T» Jft
NPCRR <s.IUIH — ! a F HaT U... Coo -
SPC !'. R 55.107% — fiav & I. So — «
N" Cal Klt 6sl» - i»ec 8v Hk -»2
OOL &11 55.10S — L'nlon T Co.. 1400 uU
Oak Tran <* . - 113 Street nallroidV
oak WCn «a..lft« _ California. l^
Ocean 8 B If*i..in9i 4 Oeary iio "~
Om CRy 6»...12H' t — Market-st «l n a
P&a Ry «s..IM - n, 8 LAS -' 15 * T
Continued on Page Thirteen,NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
WHAT OAKLAND
MAY GET AT A
BOND ELECTION
Projects Determined
by the Council.
THEIR APPROXIMATE COST
MAYOR SNOW CLEABI/T EX
PLAINS THE PROPOSITION
Preliminary Steps Also Taken for
the Calling of a Freeholders'
Election to Frame a New
Charter.
• Intercepting sewers south 9
♦ and west aide and north Oak- <* N
* land storm sewer, $450,000. %
% Fresh water plant for hu- °
c man consumption. 31,500,- o
% oo °- ;
♦ 6. Xt water sprinkling plant, ♦
% $75,000, <*
+ New City Hall, $300,000. ?
2 Grove-street extension and o
o wharf, $100,000. ♦
* New schools, annexed dis- ♦
* trlct, 850,000. :
2 New engine houses, annexed 6
« district, $50,000. 4
Oakla .a OfQce San Francisco Call.
MS Broadway. Deo. 15.
These wen the propositions and the ap
proximate amounts that will be allowed
for each, as determined by the. City Coun
cil, to be submitted to the people of Oak
land at a bond election- So the first move
toward bonds has been made. The City
Council In committee of the whole to
r.lght began the discussion of City At
torney L'uv'a report upon the method of
submitting the bond question to the peo
ple. 1 hey started a little at sea and
Mayor Snow read to them a message that
he had prepared upon the bond question.
"A careful figuring shows that 15 cents
lidded to the tax levy of Oakland will pay
:he Interest and the one-fortieth redemp
tion on each million dollars* worth of
bonds," •Kan the Mayor. "If the Im
provement to be made can Increase the
v alue of the property of this city 16,500.000
then the taxes on this Increased valua
:on will pay the Interest and redemption
n each million dollars worth of bonds
and there will be no Increase In the tax
rate. Therefore It will be only necessary
0 Increase the assessed valuation of Oak
land 100 per cent In twenty years to be
itile to pay the Interest and redemption
■i $4,(vj,'>oo In bonds without an Increase
In the tax levy, and Oakland has more
.ban doubled in assessed valuation In the
ast twenty years."
-Mayor Snow th<*n went over the propo
-itaons which he suggested, lie urged the
.(instruction by bonoa of tho southern and
western Intercepting Fewera and a storm
■«iwer for the annexed districts. In order
:o. Increase the aseessment valuation ox
he city he proposed ihu purchase of some
■!' ::.- low lands along the southern and
'■• su-rn shr>r«\ the improvement of this
;ind under the park and boulevard act by
1 ppeclaJ Issue of bonds and the leasing of
his. laud tor manufacturing. Tins he held
Aould so Improve other land In the nelgh
:>< rfaood of thes* sewers as to bring up
.he valuation and the municipal Income.
L'ndcr the law a separate election must
; - held tor parks, boulevards and thor
nughlarcs, and Mayor Snow buggested
iha.t about JSCw.OOO be set aside for theso
jiurpoees, of which -".wo will bo for per
manent crosswalks. This money, ho t aid.
s-hould only bo asked for from the people
after the most definite plans had been
jjrepared for a system of parks.
For the building of wharves ho recom
mended no specific amount, but that one
Krand plan for tho city should be first
adopted, and that this plan should always
be adhered to, but that it should be car
ried out from tlmo to time as the people
choc* to vote the bonds.
On water works the Mayor said:
"Until State absorption of pnvato water
X ants for the benefit of municipalities oc
turs bond money Invested by cities In a
water system that Is any less complete
than that of the private corporations sup
'.ylrg too city will always result In an
apparent lose that will have to bo paid
cut of tho treasury. That loss will be
moro apparent than real, for \*hile water
rates are ncmlnally fixed by the Council
they are really regulated by competition,
•md a system of pipes that would supply
water to Oakland would reduce the cost of
•water to consumers, wherever laid, 50 per
cent below the present charges. It Is
j robe«bl« that tI&O.CWO annually could be
taved the people of Oakland, which would
bo Interest and redemption upon $2,500,000
In bonds.
"If the fresh water for consumption
Tiropoeltlon is submitted the salt water for
s-prfnkllng will bo unnecessary, but the
?alt water plant should be gone ahead
with fchould tho other ail.
"There should bo more BChoolhouses and
moro engine-houses in the annexed dls
1 "Aa for the, City Hall, If the Council
feels that It should be submitted I will
toln with them should half a million dol
lars be asked."
The Council then discussed the matter
for several hours nd finally settled, in
the rough, that tho propositions above
t hould be the ones submitted and that
jilans should be prepared for some figure
U the neighborhood of those suggested.
The Council also decided to take the
necessary steps for the calling of a free
holders* election for the framing of a new
charter.
ONE EXECUTOR DIED,
ANOTHER IS INSANE
OAKLAND. Dec Attorney Burdette
•Cornell to-day petitioned the Superior
fourt for the revocation of letters of ad
ministration issued to Richard Layton In
the estate of Rebecca R. •.Might, de
ceased, and the appointment of himself
as trustee of all the trusts created under
the Cartwright will. -Mrs. Cartwright died
hero In November. li&2, and in her will
hhe named as executors Garrett Layton,
lllchard Layion and Mrs. Alice A. Donzel.
Thrf latter, however, relinquished her
rlsrhts. and thereafter the Laytons were
appointed executors. In June of last year
liarrett Lay ton died at Placer County,
and last April Richard Layton. the sur
viving exectflor, became incompetent and
was committed to the Stockton Insane-
Afiyhiro. It is now necessary that an ad
ministrator be appointed for the purpose
of caring for and protecting the Interests
«.f the estate, valued at }.'i«iuO, and which
is devised In trust for the sole use and
l.emTlt of decedent's daughter. Mary E.
Murray. and her children. Maude L. Man
ning and Ella L. Palmer. Citation has
been issued to Richard Layton to appear
before Judge Hall on December 28 to snow
cause why his letters should not be re
voked.
Renewal of a Big Mortgage.
: Judge
Hill • luthorizlng
.■is executrix of
•
. rty In Alameds
11. - belonging to
the estate f
Useful Christmas Presents.
Beautifully Illuminated boxen filled with
pood writing paper, tied with silk rib
l«ons, make useful and handsome Christ
mas present*. For sale by Sanborn, Vail
£t Co., 7*l Market street. " •
SHE FAIRLY WRECKED
A PRISON WITH A MOP
O /"VUvLAND. Dee 15.— Kate K..c-iii. aged 35 years. will probably never nsrnin A
♦ I I find a drslre lurking in her heart to call at the City Prison to Inquire ♦
\ \^J after friends whose checkered careers and ptnehant for strong drink have 8?
r^ landed them behind prison harp. Nor 1.- Chief Hodgkins anxious that sne ♦
4 ever should. A wrecked corridor and smashed windows are the silent wit- 88
i» nesses of her presence to-day in the female quarters at the City Prison. The Z.
♦ 1 reperoua Kato called at police headquarters this afternoon to inquire for 4
*£ Charles Strom, who was arrested last night for drunkenness. Officer Cur- ;♦
5 tl!», on watch in the office, noticed that the inquirer herself was pretty much 4
♦ th* worse for liquor an.l determine to place her in Jail. She demurred, but 28
.' wns finally landed in tne women's quarters at the prison. There, after the ♦
♦ officer left her, she found a mop handle, and after wielding it most threaten- •?
¥ lngly at the head of a fellow-woman prisoner «he boisterous Kate broke down X
♦ a partition and smashed about every window In the place. It required thecom- V
t blned strength of several officers to unarm the woman. She is said to have i
iS money In the bank and will b« made to pay for the damages, besides enjoying V
♦ a slorioue opportunity of being given a heavy sentence when her case comes 88
« up in the Police Court. 4
CREEDS OF THE
CHURCHES MUST
BE BROADENED
Remarkable Address
of a Layman.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 15.
Deputy City Attorney Seymour \V. Con
don made a remarkable address at the
meeting of the Bay Association of Con
gregational Churches last e\*enlng. Ha
spoke for a modification of creeds and de
clared that creeds should be broad enough
to take In any one who wanted to wor
ship God.
••Every church." eald he. "has Its own
peculiarities, but also It has that which Is
In common with every church— the com
mon worship of God. For years 1 have
been studying these separate churches,
and through all these years I have been
incapable of understanding the verbal ma
chinery, the costly apparatus of creed,
by which we worship. But through all
this there is only one thing which appeals
to me and that is the common worship of
God on a common basis. Young men are
barred out of the church by the creed
which you maintain.
"We have not the strength to say that
we as a church are •willing to make our
creed broad enough for , all. There are
broad minded men who are kept out be
cause they cannot honestly declare they
believe in all to which we adhere. There
is a great moral waste in the- cost of
this great religious machinery; but it is
not all waste which should keep men
away. It is because they fad themselves
up again.n a statement of creed they
subscribe to honestly ami squarely.
"There is a crisis in our churches and
religious thought of this period. The time
is coming when we have no right to take
our yard stick and tell our brother wo
cannot worship under the same roof. The
tendency is to subdivide, and this should
not be.
"The church should modify Its creed so
as to keep no heart out. It should take
; in all those whose hearts beat true to God.
Not to do this is to violate tho sacred
trust of the church."
The remarks caused no little friendly
discussion. _______^___ —
Society.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— Mr. John Vance
Cheney was the guest of the Ebell So
clty at luncheon Tuesday and enter
tained the members with one of her de
lightful talks. There was a fairly large
and very representative attendance and
In si!' of the threatening Idea the af
fair proved to be one of the pleasantest
of the year. The luncheon tables were
especially pretty, decorated in green and
red, Christmas berries being employed.
Mrs. Cheney, in her talk, spoke of the
necessity of lifting the- mind dally from
the little things of life And fixing It upon
the higher and nobler. She quoted Pro
fessor Gates of Amhcrst, who said that
with only thirty days of spiritual eleva
tion of this kind would come marked re-
Eults. Faith, she said further, was the
keynote to success, and argued that In
the present case of the securing of the
funds for the now library site, faith had
been the means of accomplishing much.
After Mrs. Cheney's address, Mrs. K. P.
Gleason, the president of Ebell, spoke for
a few moments on the entertainment to
bo given Thursday evening at the Mac
donough Theater for the augmenting of
the site fund and urged redoubled
efforts on the part of the ladles in the
disposing of tickets for the evening.
The luncheon was rendered additionally
pleasant through the kindness of Miss
Maud Wellendorff of Berkeley, who play
ed thr«e piano selections in splendid style.
They were a mazourka ,by Karganoft,
Feeling's "Schllileld," and a waltz by
Mosxkowskl. Among those present were:
Mrs. Prentlss Selby, Mrs. Chllds, Mrs. E.
H. Benjamin. Mrs. R. P. fllesieon. Mrs.
Sam Breck Jr., Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, Miss
Babson, Mrs. C. H. King, Mrs. Dr.
Paulln, Mrs. Henry W'adsworth, Mrs.
Barrett and Mrs. Crellln.
An engagement that will create not a
little Interest In society is just announced.
It is that of Mr- Myra Sperl and Samuel
Prather. both well known in local circles.
Mrs. Sperl Is at present the guest of
Thomas Prather on Alice street, where
the wedding will take place December 27.
It will be very quiet. Mrs. Sperl la a
widow. Mr. Prather is a brother of
Thomas Prather and the owner of large
land Interests near Montague, this State.
Robert Clarence Newell, the organist of
St. Paul's, dedicated the Instrument and
lectured on the "History and Develop
ment of the Organ." He played several
numbers and accompanied the singers of
the evening. Mr. Newell ranks high as a
pianist as well as an organist.
Those who sang were Putnam Orlswold
and Mlps Alma Berglund. Mrs. Margaret
Cameron-Smith and Llewelyn Hughes
played a duo with violin and piano. The
church was decorated for the occasion.
ALAMEDA, Dec One of the pret
tiest weddings of the season took place
Tuesday night, when Miss Alice Hand and
Louis T. Ward were united in the holy
bonds of matrimony.
Th*. wedding took -place at the residence
of the bride's grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.
John Dlokson of l&tt Sherman street. Rev.
Dr. Trunk R. Brush officiated. Over a
hundred guests were, present, and the par
lors had been beautifully decorated in
white and green. The ceremony was per
forms] beneath a canopy of white Illu
sion decorated with smllax and a chime
Of white wedding bells. While the solemn
words were being spoken that made the
young couple man nnd wife Mrs. V. Hand,
aunt of the bride, played Mendelssohn's
wedding march.
II m Mabel Trethewajr, a cousin of the
bride was maid of honor, and the brides
maids were Miss Mamie Chappel of Ala
rm la and Mis'? Mabel Yates -of Center
ville Emmet Jones was best man. The
bride wore a gown of heavy white silk
trimmed with pearl passementerie. She
carried a bouquet of Sultans and white
Illusion. The maid of honor wore pink
organdie and carried La r ranee roses.
The bridesmaids wore white organdie
trimmed with green velvet bows. They
carried bouquets of white carnations.
A banquet was served after the cere
mony. Mr. nnd Mr*. Ward left subse
quently for a wedding trip to South
ern California, During the winter
they will take up their residence with
Mr' Ward's mother. Mrs. J. G. Ward
of 1589 Versailles avenue. The bride
Is th« daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. Hand and Is very generally known In
Alameda, being popular in society and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16. m
"li^iiilifil
musical circles. The groom Is success
fully interested In mining matters.
UNIVERSITY MUSICIANS
TO TAKE A LONG TOUR
BERKELEY. Dec. 15-The Musical As
sociation of th.> University of California,
consisting of thirty c.illeKe musicians, has
. made final arnincments to tako an cx
.•• I'hristmas holidays
1 through thr northern part .if the -
'and luiuiiminK Into Washington and Ore
. fon. latlon Includes s glee.
>lln, binjo and guitar club, the
men • picked by .1 Bjrsten <>f
stri>t competlaon from the best n
• in the university. Th« men will
thr> university town the day after
Christmas, and before returning will hav»>
sung Uu-ir <-..ll»^tro songs in entertainments
at (Vheatland. Chico, Hed Bluff, Redding,
Ashland, Eugene «'ity, Portland. Seattle
uver and Victoria, They will be
ibout ihr^e weeks.
The members ot the association are:
The Message Sent by C. P. Huntington to the Ladies of the Ebell Society.
First tenors— H. Schuster. A. C. Nahl. Al-
N-n W. Smith. R W. Tullv; second tt-n^irs
Mark While. Hay How.-11, Howard Mf-r
rlll. Walt.-r iiakowt-U. Jack C. Hoffman,
Yanci' (tsmont; First bassos— Bcdeston B.
Marsh, I>u lUy Smith. William Hush,
v Henry, Wiilt.-r Bundschu, Wil
liam It «!.ilds. Ralph Phelps, James
Bloch, OeOrge Fish; second K-ts
<'harlo«« Eiarwood, l>e Vere McClaren,
Harold Nock, Edward Jack, Fred Huff
man; first lirinj'»— <"llnton R. Iforse, Lor
•rt, Blwood Woodburn. 11. Bonlfleld,
A Perry, Howard Merrill; guitars— Fred
Blanchard, Allnn W. Smith, Sumner
Hardy; mandolins— Hugo Pohelm, Clinton
R. Morse, Clarke Briggs, H. Reichman, H.
Cummings; cello— Edward G. Kuster.
To prevent rrippe. chlll» and fever, take
Gler's Tonic Port. Theo. Gl«r Co., Oakland. •
WILL HAVE TO SELL
TO PAY THE PASTOR
ST. MARCUS GERMAN CHURCH
IS INVOLVED.
Lutheran Organization Seeks to Sell
Church Property to Meet Big
Note and Rev. Jatho's
Back Salary.
Oakland Office San Frar.rlsco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 15.
According to a petition filed In the Su
perior Court this afternoon, asking for an
authorization to sell certain church prop
erty, it appears that the St. Marcus Ger
man Lutheran Church on Filbert street,
Seventh, U heavily involved in debt.
The petition was filed by William E. F.
Wehr and G. Magerstaedt, president and
secretary respectively of the church or
ganization, which is incorporated under
the laws of this State, and the property
they ask to be allowed to sell 1h that on
which the church .stands on the east side
of Filbert street, MO feet north of Sev
enth; and the reason given is that the
church has do money with which to meet
a certain promissory note made on June
13. 18?6, for the sum of $5000. and an in
debtedness of $800 due the pastor, Rev. A.
Jatho. for back salary.
The obvious inability of the church to
meet tliees obligations was thoroughly
discussed at a m.'<tlng of the church trus
tees, held last Monday, and after due
consideration it was decided that the only
means by which the debt could be paid
would be by raising money from a sale
of the church property, and the president
and secretary were thereupon instructed
to apply to the Superior Court for power
to make the sale.
The matter will come up before Supe
rior Judge Greene on December 22.
SULLIVAN FOUND GUILTY
IN THE FIRST DEGREE
OAKLAND. Dec. 15— C. C. Sullivan, the
Alatneda burglar. wa« found guilty of
burglary In the first degree with a prior
this evening, and he ran be given from
ten years to life imprisonment, at the op
tion of Judge Hall.
The greater part of the day was occu
pied in arguments by LMFtrlct Attorney
Allen for the prosecution and Attorney
Crowloy for the defense. Judge Hall gave
the Jury the privilege of going home and
reaching it? conclusion to-morrow or be
ginning Its deliberations at once. The Jury
■ i to accept the charge at once and
begin their work. After being out less
than two hours they returned a verdict
aa requested by the District Attorney, hut
with the recommendation of mercy to
the court. The llrst ballot etood eleven
for conviction to one for acquittal and on
the fourth ballot the one man changed
and went with the majority.
Encampment Chooses OflScers.
AL.AMKDA, Dec. 15.— Sunset Kncamp
ment No. 26, I. O. O. F., has elected the.
following officers: High priest. O. Bense
man: chief patriarch. C. J. Hammond Sr. ;
henlor warden, A. G. Bussenius; Junior
warden, E. Young; scribe, P. R. Fox;
treasurer, H. P. Wichman.
EBELL LADIES
SEND THANKS
TO HUNTINGTON
Telegram to the Rail
road Donor.
THEY ARE JUSTLY PROUD
CITY COUNCIL NOTIFIED THAT
THE FUND IS COMPLETE.
The Women Have Performed a Pub
lic Service of Great Magni
tude and Deserve
Praise.
The Eb«ll Society; through Its p--;ldent,
Mrs. R. P. GleaBon. to-day sent Its an
swering message of gratitude to C. P.
Huntingdon for his contribution of 13009 to
the library site fund. The message ran.
The ladle* of the Ehell send to Mr. Hunt-
Ington their heartfelt thanks for his gra- '
clous and u«»n*r'"'us addition to this library
fund. It has Insured their success. The
announcement of the splendid gift to Oak
land was made last evening to a mati
meetlnt? of citizens and was received with
(treat applause.
MRS. R. P. GLEAPON,
President.
Mr. Huntington's proffer of the gift
was somewhat more lengthy than the
Ebell's telegram of thanks and contained
a line that expressed surprise at Oak
land's not having raised the money
through other methods than solicitingsub
soriptlons. The telegram was as follows:
Mrs. n. P. Glea*in. Ebell. Oakland:
Telegram received. I have multitude of
calls for money, so many that I have to
turn most of them down, but as I can see
the dlfßcultjr you must have experienced In
raising money to buy a site for a library
that another party Is to erect, which will
of course give all the credit to him, I will
Rive you the J3OOO you need. It Deem* to
me, though, that this would have been a
proper and appropriate thins for the city
to do through a tax upon all ltd citizens.
C. P. HUNTINQTON.
Though th© society feels that a great
responsibility has been lifted, leaving the
organization entirely successful as far as
the matter of the site is concerned, the
ladles did not altogether cease their tabors
to-day. The treasurer of the library site
committee. Miss Babson, was on hand, as
usual, to receive contributions, for It is
Intended that all surplus In the fund shall
be devoted to the equipment of a chil
dren's room In the new library building.
The children of the city have already sub
scribed $123 91 to this purpose and this
has been doubled by the children's com
mittee of the Ebell, so that now there Is
$274 52 pledged for the Juvenile room.
More contributions are coming in rapidly
and It is expected that the baseball game
on Saturday afternoon of next week be
tween the city and county officials will
still further swell the fund. Miss Mor
ton's pupils have given a generous dona
tion—as the result of an entertain
ment.
It has been suggested that the children's
fund be raised to $5000 In order that an
elegant room may be fitted up. This fol
lows the Idea as carried out in the Bos
ton Library. The ladles In charge of this
matter ire the original committee— Mrs
F. B. Glnn. Dr. Myra Knox, Mrs. R. P.
Oleason. Dr. C. Annette Bucket and Mrs
John Russ. Miss Babson will be treas
urer.
The Ebell in Its Joy to-day did not for
get the next business step necessary and
this afternoon a communication was di
rected to the City Council reporting suc
cess, officially and offering the $20 000 At
the meeting of the Council on Monday
night action on this formal proffer will
be taken. The communication reads:
To the Honorable, the Council of the City
of Gentlemen: The Ebell Bo
ciety has the honor to report to you that
pursuant to the extension of time given
therefor by your honorable body and
within the time so allowed we have suc
ceeded In raising by voluntary subscrip
tions the sum of twenty thousand dollars
(SM.000). for the purchase of the library
site at the southwest corner of Grove and
Fourteenth streets (100 feet on Grove street
by 1M on Fourteenth), that the title to said
lot Is perfect and clear and that the deed
of the same to the city of Oakland will be
promptly obtained and delivered.
The time of our option having been ex
. tended and part of the money having been
paid, there Is no uncertainty in this direc
tion. Very respectfully,
THE BBSLL LIHRART EITE COMMIT
TEE. ■
The Ebell Is $500 short of what the public
attributes to its securing for the Union
Savings Bank pledged a half thousand
two weeks ago on condition that there
GET THE GENUINE.
Hunyadi Janas
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
Huny Adi Janos - isa msm& necessity.
MRS. SARAH C. BORLAND.
would be lacking that amount or over at
the expiration of the option. Since there
waa nothing lacking the bank will not be
called upon to pay.
With the consummation of the site
matter Oakland finds herself awaiting the
erection of two public buildings— the li
brary and the postofflce. Within a fort
night both sites have been secured and it
is only a question of a few months when
the buildings will be und^r way. This
fortnight, therefore, will be regarded as a
new turning point in local bistort, for
both buildings are badly needed and hi\«
been long desired.
The movement f<>r the library site can
not but be most gratifying to the Bbell,
for It has be»»n ■ C''m-r;il <>n<- Into which
the public has entered gladly In no way
vu the campaign conduct i
one. From the most prominent and from
the mnpt modest gifts were accepted and
with equal pleasure; ami It is probable
that in every ease the 25-cent contribution
of a schoolboy or the $1 donation "f a
mechanic was received with mure genuine
delight by the ladles than the more muni
ficent pledges. The widespread good will
in the work was shown in on*' way la^t
evening, and particularly remarked by the
ladle*, by the presence of the gleo club at
the First Presbyterian Church and it* evi
dent willingness to help make the meeting
a pleasant one.
MILLER ON COST OF
CROSSWALK SYSTEM
OAKLAND. Dec 15.— Street Superin
tendent Miller hub made a report to
Mayor Snow regarding the cost of laying
E roper crosswalks throughout the city to
c used in connection with the Question of
the proposed bond Issue.
Mr. Miller shows that the total number
of crosswalks In the city Is 1350, combina
tion wooden culverts and crosswalks 1200,
bituminous crosswalks 340; total 2X90. At
aoout 250 points in the city no crosswalks
have ever been built, though to subserve
public convenience there should have
teen, and at least 100 crosswalks could be
constructed to good advantage In the
more thickly settled sections of the an
nexed district. At present about one-fifth
of the wooden crosswalks in the city are
more or less in need of repair.
The Street Superintendent estimates
that to substitute concrete, iron and
bitumen for wood in the reconstruction of
combination crosswalks and culverts the
total expense will amount approximately
to $75 for each walk; the cost of recon
structing 600 crosswalks in bitumen at $38
will be $22,800; 400 combination crosswalks
and culverts at $75, $30,000. making a total
of $52,800.
A PIONEERS DEATH.
James Morris, a Retired Mining Man,
Succumbs to an Attack of
Apoplexy.
ALAMEDA. Dtc. 15.— James Morris,
father of Mrs. Rauswell A. Smith of 212il
Clinton avenue, died this morning shortly
after half-past 7 o'clock at trw rendencfl
of his daughter. Death resulted (mm an
attack of cerebral apoplexy.
Mr. Morris for a number of years has
been a resident of Carson, New, and for
the past several years had spent the win
ter with hl« daughter in this city. Yes
terday morning he was found on the
floor of Mb room. A physician was sum
moned and he found him suffering from a
stroke of apoplexy. His left side was
completely paralyzed. Though he lived
for twenty-four hours after he never re
gained consciousness. Deceased was born
in Belfast. Ireland, seventy-four years
ego, and had been a resident of this
coast for fifty years, being engaged ii>
this State and Nevada In mining and
merchandise business. The body will bo
taken to Carson to-morrow, where the
fune-al services will be held Sunday.
■ ♦ ■
Her Continuous Performance.
Jane played solitaire and, see.
Paresis ib the penalty.
Not for Jane, though— nay, oh, nay—
But for those who watched her plaj{.
(BQHHMLQJLy
MIBB CARRIE WHELAN.
EDUCATION
AND AGITATION
BY SUFFRAGISTS
Local Workers for
Equality Waking Up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9«M Broadway, Dec. 15.
Education and agitation comYdned are
Urn f-Htures durtiiK these few weeks
that precede th>* opening of the next
campaign for political equality, of the
work being done by local suffragists. The
different clubs of Alam»>da County are
holding regular meetings, securing large
attendance on every occasion, and glvl 7
to members and visitors alike the ablest
arguments procurable. To make the ques
tion a live one In all minds, and to also
make It a clear and popular one. Is now
the chief desire of the leaders.
It Is expected that real action will fol
low the new year eloaaly. For then the
fight In California will begin, or rather
the fight will continue. And those who
believe In giving the ballot to women
and who witnessed the last crushing de
feat believe that victory will surely perch
on the VOJtrafe hanmu the next time.
One of th.> BJOSi active organizations
In this county Is the Seventh Ward Polit
ical Equality Club of Oakland, which met
ening at the Whelan re.-
Slxth :ist Oakland. Mlsfe Carrie
•ri. who Is recording Mcretarj
the State, union, is president of the Sev
enth Ward club ana a very active and
lealoui worker. Last evening she
brought to the club's notice the recent
artlclea by Mrs. Olive Schrelner on the
. question. These were enjoyed and
dtecu
The s. oond Ward Club will meet on
January 2 to elect permanent officers.
Then it vvlll fall into nghtinK Use with
Alameda'i other like organisations. It
numbers some very active women among
Its m»ml»rs. One of them
C. Borland, who Is an eloquent and I
ful npeak<«r for the cause In which shu is
vitally lnterented.
The local suffruKists are lately In re
f Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt's new
"Century Calendar." liii* calendar will
be welcomed to every ~ome that Is sym
pathetic to suffraKe. for It Is not only
very artistic, but also instructive and ln
ting. A hundred steps In ttu
vancement of women are given.
The "Hottest Coon in Dixie."
OAKLA.NI>. Deo. 15-"The Hottes'
In Dixie," an evolution of that popular
ragtime farce, "Clorindy," attracted a big
throng at the Macdonoufh Theater to
night and will be repeated to-morrow
night. It has been pronounced the best
colored show on the road.
Were Married by a Justice.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15— Albert Peter Burk
hardt of San Jose and Elizabeth C. Me
f'anns of San Francisco were married to
day by JuHtlce yuinn. AVhen the groom
secured the marriage license from County
Clerk Jordan he gp.ve his age as 2S years
and that of his bride as L'»> The ceremony
was witnessed by Gus Kelley.
Masonic Officers Elected.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 15 —Oak Grove Lodge
No. 215. F. and A. M., elected the follow
ing officers last evening: C. H. Wever.
W M ; P. S. Teller. S. W.J W. H. M
Baurhyte, J. W.J J. B. Vosburg, treas
urer; O. Lubbock. secretary; H. S. Mc-
Farland, trustee.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9.30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
HEAVY SHIPMENTS
OF GOLD TO EUROPE
Change in Foreign Rates Declared to
Be the Cause of the Ex
portation.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— Wall street re
ceived with little surprise to-day the an
nouncements of gold shipments to Europe.
There has been talk to that effect all
through the week, and with the change In
foreign rates it was declared that exports
were inevitable.
The lust engagement announced was
that of &00.GGO by the banking house of
Belmont & Co., and although the news
first came from the sub-treasury it wan
said the gold would not be drawn from
that place. The second engagement was
that of Daring, Magoun & Co., who or
dered $500,000 of double eagles at the sub
treasury, and the third and last official
announcement was that of Kuhn. Loeb &
Co., who engaged $750,000 In double eagles.
All the gold engaged to-day will leave
on the first steamers, and it Is thought
that further engagements will be made
to-morrow. Report had It that one of the
biggest banking houses had completed ail
arrangements to ship a big sum from the
reserve In Its own vaults, and three prom
inent foreign exchange houses, not yet
down for shipments, are likely to be heard
from.
ALLEN OF NEBRASKA
MAY NOT BE SEATED
Question Raised as to His Bight to
Enter the United States
Senate.
OMAHA. Dec. 15.— The Question has
been raided ax to whether William V. Al
len, appointed Senator from this Btate.
may be seated. The contention of some
Is that. Hay ward never having taken hts
eeat. the whole matter Is in the same po
sition as in the States where the Legisla
ture failed to elect. The question Is salu
to have occasioned Hayward considerable
worry before his death.
Several lawyers who have been Inter
viewed did not rare to express a derided
opinion. Some were of the impression
that, the Legislature having made an
flection, the failure of the party elected
to qualify would not deprive the State of
thf» rlßht to representation. Other* of
eijuaJ. prominence wore In doubt about lv
/Tnews^n
I OP THE
UDAYCITItsM
SUIT AGAINST
MAYOR SHOW IS
ALL PREPARED
H. D. Rowe Becomes
the Complainant.
WANT PERMISSION OF STATE
ATTORNEY GENERALS CONSENT
IS NECESSARY.
The First Fight Will Be on Briefs
to Secure Authority From the
State's Legal Repre
sentative.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Ml Broadway I
Papers were prepared M-day and se"rve<l
upon Mayor R. W. Snow In" the threatened
suit against him for personal property
commissions collected by him while Aud
itor and Assessor of the city of Oakland]
The papers were sworn to by 11. D. Howe,
president of the City Council of Oakland,
and were prepared by M. C. Chapman an. l
Fred V. Wood, as attorneys, and th»
amount sued for Is $*517 21. the amount or
the commission between the years 1553
and IMC.
These papers arc not a full raft, but
rather a preliminary hearing before tn«»
Attorney General of the State In a request
for permission to sue Mayor Snow In th«»
name of the State. When threats of *uic
against the May i were made M. ('. Chi[>
man was employed to examine the law.
and it was found that suit could only be
brought In two ways, by the Oakland City
Council or by some taxpayer with th»
consent of the Attorney General. The City
Council has up to the present refused t<»
bring the suit and has postponed action
for three months, and this It Is believed
means that no such action will ever i<
taken. That left the matter where It w.i *
necessary to bring a suit against th«
Mayor in the name of some taxpayer with
the consent of Attorney General Ford.
In such cases Mr. Ford has made a rul»»
that he will grant no such requests until
a hearing has been given earn Hide. «md
In making such a request It I- necessary
to prepare the complaint It Is proposed t.»
file, together with the argument* n» to
why the name of the State Is desired.
These must b*. filed with the Attorney
General and served upon the defendant,
and the defendent then has ten days In
which to make reply. The Attorney Gen
eral gives his decision upon these papers.
The suit again- Mayor Hnow will tako
this course. The complaint WU drawn to
day and served upon the Mayor to-night
and will be filed with the Attorney Un
eral at once. 11. I). Row*, the president
of the Council, finally derided to bring;
the suit In hi* own name, and so he pj>
pears as the complainant niM.rnt '■!>■•
Mayor. The suit Ik brought acalnst May
or Snow and against George T. Hawley
and E. A. Heron, who were hi* lands
men as Auditor and Assessor in l v >",.
••I have Snail) decided to bring thu *ult
in my own name if 1 can secure the ne.vs
sary permission." said Mr. Ilnwe to-nunt.
"1 believe that I am right and when I
1 hold that belief It would be cowardly not
to be willing to use my own nnra», and *«»
I will bring the suit If 1 can get th* op
portunity. Th<» complaint merely nay*
that In 1536 Mr. Snow took $'£17 Zl wnich
he claimed as the commissions upon th«
collection of personal property tax** for
the seven years previous. It th»n state*
that the charter of Oakland provides that
no city ni!li ial shall be entitle), to any
compensatlon aside from hi* salary, art!
that this was In addition 10 his* salary.
Accompanying this complaint Is a hrl'f
of arguments why I should •■• permlttr<l
to bring this Mil In the name >r th*
State. Mr. Snow win be given an opirr
tunlty to answer this brief. If Attorney
General Ford decides not to grant my
request my suit falls, but If I get ttin
necessary permission the suit will be filed
at once and In my nam« This Is r>-... > a
preliminary hearing of the case.
"I have only brought suit fox thoso
seven years' commissions because th it
amount was taken at once and was *.h>*
first amount taken. Should I get permis
sion to bring the suit 1 will all Ale in .
other suits for about HbtM in all. repre
senting the commissions between lftW and,
1539."
QUAY PROFESSES TO BE
SANGUINE OF VICTORY
Denies That He Will Withdraw From
the Fight Without a Vote
Being Taken.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.-Senator Quay
does not agree with the predictions mado
by some of his friends that his case be
fore the Senate Is hopeless. On the con
trary, when I saw him at his burnt to
night he seemed In the best of spirits and
entirely optimistic as to the results.
"I Just arrived in the city to-day." ho
said, "and have not yet had (Ira to mahu
a thorough canvass of the situation, but
I believe that I will be seated."
"It has been said. Senator, that jroti
would ask the Governor to recall your ap
pointment In case you should find it Im
possible to obtain a majority In your fa
vor." I observed.
"That is not so." replied Mr Quay. "My
case is before the Senate and . will stay
In the fight until It Is disposed of. I have
no objection to a vote being taken at any
time.'
Mr. Quay declined to say anything. fur
ther for publication, d. clarmc that he h.i I
not been here lons enough to n»c«»rtnlr»
th© exact situation; but that he was qult.»
willing to nave the matter decided on It*
merits.
The Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections will have a meeting to-morrow
to hear arguments by former Senator E I
munds and Lawyer Wilson against th«
seating of Quay and by th* Attorney Gen
eral of Pennsylvania In his behalf. Tho
hearings will bo public.
Invitation to Kautz.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. M —The battle
ship lowa and the cruiser Philadelphia
arrived at Santa Monica to-day 'from" San
Francisco. Rear Admiral K.i .'': com
mander of the Taclflc Coast xnuadrnn. I*
on board the Philadelphia. Mr*. Kaurz
and daughter arrived here yesterday. If
the admiral can b* persuaded to come tr»
this city the Chamber of Commerce will
tender him a receDtlon.
Coinage Contract Unpopular.
BptctaJ Cable IS The Call and the New Tork
Herald. .Copjrrifht. ISW. by Jamea Gordon
Bennett.
CARACAS. Dec. 15— The rontr.i
the coinage of tllver. which h,i«
given to Mr. Warren of Ohio, has rai«*-«l
a storm of protests from all commercial
and financial bodies.
New Pass in Rocky Mountains.
After numerous hairbreadth escapes and
many thrilllne adv#ntnrts. a party of e*ptor
er» In th* RocVy Mountain* stumbled onto a
paaa whm they bad b«llev»U It psgaj] for
none to exist. In a lib* manner. people who
have believed dyspepsia l..;urable are.astnn-
Uh«d to find that ther* l» a way «> health.
Hostetter's Stomach Dltters used faithfully
make* the <JU»itlnn strong. the bowels regular,
the liver active. Try It.
ONE MORE CHANCE
To CUt th« Famous PAINTING or TH AN-
OBLUB TREE IN TURKISH TAPESTRY
BUY 82 60 OR OVER VI
J. COHN & CO.'S,
96-58 WASHING! O • ST..
And Get a MxW TURKISH TAPESTRY KItEK.
SATURDAY. Dec. 16tl. Oal}'.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
m*FIN*KFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, enrner Of Market and Third streets, open
until 1J o'clock every night 1n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-JC7 Montgomery street,
rcrner Clay; open until 9:ZO p. m.
JM Hays rtreet; oj.en until S:3O p. rl. *..
«*? McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
fir. I-arkln fti-eet; cjxn until *;lfl p. m.
I*4l Mlwlnn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
I?n Market etrtft, corner Sixteenth: open
cntil * p- tn-
It* nVvonth street; rpon until I p. m.
IPX! Valencia street; open until S p. tn.
1223 Polk street: open until s p. m
North wert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
i-.cky street?: open until 9 p. tn.
CIIIKCU MSIt VICES.
FIRST Ur.tte* Presbyterian • Church, corner
Gnldrn Cate a\e. ar.d Polk rt, — Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. n. ami 7:W i>. m. by the |.;u<-
tor. H. 11. Be I. D.l». Morning theme. "The
— <.r.iUnJ — TtT — Tfi* He Hover"! Liie.' livninit
thenje "Whose Mark Have You?" Sabbath
*ch.->ol at I*:.*/ a. m. «.'. E. societies at 5:3u
and f:3» p. ta. Stranger* cordially Invited to
alt sej vices. Pew» tree. <?ourt*ous ushers.
<v>me and bring > our lrlend*.
Ml I I IM. NOTICES.
A£TLUM of Golden Gate Commandery r -J
No. IS. K. T.. OS Sutfr st. -Officers 'Sji* 1
u.i n.ei!i!>cr« ot Ihlk iornmanJei> arc ft
ben by notined to krMinUe in lull unl- &?
t.'ini at the atyluni on SATURDAY. ~
iVc, 16. at 12 SO o'clock, for the pun»«-e of at-
tending the fu:>eral of our late prelate. MU
ALEXANDER NEWTON CARSON. The em-
inent commander earnestly rvyuests a full
attendance. .1 C. CAMPBELL. L C.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. d _-r\»
A M.-Meetms THIS .cATL'KDA V) TvX
L'VKNINQ. *t 7 o'clock, p. 2. !_?_
B. F. FIRE DEPARTMENT— The reg- jftmO—*
ular funeral .letall of this dej>art- Jg(&Ml>
I .:.:»;: ; .■>.:..;.•■ at 3 Engine 1H IS EL-W
DAT. at fc o'clock a. m.. for tlie puri>oi«e of
attending the tuncral of the late 1 )KNE
t-HKRIDAN. late m«-m)>er ••: thin department.
By onlcr D. T. SULLIVAN.
Cnlef of Department.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of tl»e *ti*-k!iolu>r* of the Wlttrani Pro-
;'-.•■: Ottnfiaay Mill !•■• i.-M at their offlce,
2C7 Market st., fan Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day i»f Januao. I*oo.
at the hour of Z. ji. m.. for the |«ur|«>*«* of
«j|e« ting .. l>oard ol directors t.» eerve for the
• : • . :..: year, an.l tlte transaction of *uch
«.ther bUMm-iui as may come before the meet-
Ing. CHARLES A. 11l <i. b«-.
orfice. 2T7 Market «.. San Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
THE California Ifcbris Commmiun. having re-
ceived arplicatluiiK tv mine by the hydraulic
$iroc«f-s frum B. F. Keith and J. and Wtn.
< ... :.-.■■■.. li» the Sydney FltX Gravel Mine.
near Jacks-otu ill*-. Tuolumne Co.. ti> deposit
ti. ::■>■: in W,«k.l» «"reek and Tuolumne River;
from the Kureka 1.-;., and Yuba Canal Co..
consolidated, in a jxirtlon of the Consolidated
PJaoer Mine, at Columbia. Hill. Nevada Co..
to deposit tailing* Jn Spring Creek; from F.
lil Th(.nia?*.in. tn the Chalk Flat Mine, near
Pike City. Sierra «'o.. to Jeiiosit tulllncs In
«.Tialk Flat Ravine; from Walter Bolre. in
the IW.ire Placer Mine, neai Railroad Flat.
' Calaveras Co.. to deposit tailings is a ra-
vine below the mine; lroni ■ Paris Bean. in a
I •..:.:. i.: <\)3>r Pot Ravine, la Yuba Co..
Bear Clipper Mills. ti> deposit tailings In
Coffee Pot Ravlr.e; from J. W. Plnder. tn the
Littte Gap Mine, near Hamilton. Tuolumne
Cj.. to depos-lt taillr.iis la Streamlets Valley;
from J. M. Gilbert and A. M. Colw.ll. in the
R<-n Franklin utiJ Itavt* Consolidated Mine,
at Yankee Jlrn*. Placer Co.. to deposit tail-
ing* In an old pit: from Jos. Williams et
•is., in the Williams Ranch Mine, near Ono.
Fhasta r o .. to d. i«>*lt tailings in Wats.;n
Oulch; from O. W. Henderson et als.. In the
P'«ut!:rrn Cros« Mine, at Yankee Jijr.s. Placer
Co.. to dei>or!t tailless In M»xlcan Gulch:
ar.a from A. W. Mellon et. a 1 .*., in the <~h«ru-
kee Mine, at Cherokee. Butte Co.. to .l-i- ■.-.t
tailings In Dry Creek, fixe* notice that a
meeting will be held at ruum 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal.. on December 26.
_ P .!». at 1:30 p. m. ,
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the rtockholiiera of the paauhau Su*<r Plan-
tation Company will be held at the offlce
of tlie company. 327 Market st.. in the city
and county of San Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY, the :d day of December. IS9?. at th»
hour cf Jl o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
»>ct!n« a board r.t directors to serve for the
♦ r.s'uini! y:r and the transaction of sucn
other business nr may come before the m»et-
li.g. Transfer b«ok« will clr.*e on Wednes-
day. November It. IW. at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Th» abeve advertised meeting of the Paaj-
l)*u Fvcar Plantation Company i« postponed
ur.tll THURSDAY. peoemr-T 51. 1W at 11
o'clock a. m. E. H. SHELDON. S<s-retary.
_
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
The Nevada National Rink of San Franclscn.
<"*l.. Win be held at lt« banking house. 301
Vnntrnmery rt.. San Francisco. «"al.. on
TUKSIiAV. January ». r«0. at 2:15 o'clock p.
m.. for the election cf direru.ri to serve for
th» envufnp y»nr. ar.d the transaction of such
f'hrr business ;is rr.nv cnm» before the meet-
lnc GT:o GRANT. Secretary.
c »i r""fit»n V .n'i r 9. JR"IV
ATTORMJVS AT LAW.
i... . ' ■ '
ADNICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chronl
Jcle building: BO advar.ee charts; all cases;
e«tstes. mortgages, damaces. collections
bankrupt- y: wi!K etc.. drawn: moderate
fees; rail «r write.
ADVICE free; dl\orre law a »peclalty; private;
t>o fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. St,o Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH r. FLOOD. *?.% Market st.. opp. Mason"
••r-r.sult^t;! n free; pirrt-rr.te fe«p.
I" J! MVJt7UA<:H. attorney at law. lias re-
m:mej rractlce «t :<P3 ral. rt.. Clur.le b;dg.
L S CLARK. Fmtna Spreckel* bulldlnn. 527
Murfcef r^«,iHi.Hnn freo; wn fee« in advance.
DICYCLI2 HICPAIIIIXC.
T JS. n n VARKET. Market and Tenth
RAMm.rn and idt;al bicycles
REPAIRING A SPKSCI ■, :.ty
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. :;5-Unlted State^H^r;%ocins~sTso
week up. flth hoar<! $3 50; mite for two with
board. $12: l>oar<l, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all nlgnt.
HOTEL~FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market-Elegant
r.ew furniture; flrst-class In every respect:
taMe unh\ir;>a»»ed: hot and cold water: ele-
vator: suite*, with board. for 2. $50 month up.
ROOMS and board can be obtained In private
Spanish fan-.IIy at 22j Geary «t.. opposite
Union Square Park: references.
Kr\V family hotel; flntt-clas.* In all appoint-
ments; excellent table. M>7 rallfornia st.. oc-
cupvlnc corner opposite Grace Church.
"BHLGRAVIA imTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun-
ry suites; best i»oar.l: for 2. $«r. up; single. $20.
LAS PALMAS. l«tf> Market St.— Fulte of 2 or 3
■ m.; yrttraf; bath: sin. rtni. ; board optional.
LONOWORTH. 532 Geary^Large "sulTesT bathT
for 3 or I gentlemen: excellent table board.
OFARRKLL. 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good table t.nar-1: term* tn holMay transient*.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED^
FIRFT-CI.ASP room and board wanted:~n<rob"
Jectlon If part or the wh<M» in exchange for
vocal and piano lessons: by leading singing
teacher of p. F.. who*e office Is In central 10.
rxlUv T\rx 1710. Call office.
BOOKS — M AND OLD.
KCHOOL BOOKS bought md exchanged
Hn»me» HrvY Co.. Tn< Mt«»)nti >t.. r >ar Third.
HOOTS AM> .SH6KS.
6PTCIAL!: SPECIAL!! PPECIALM
W* pair* Infants' patent leather shoe* *izes
1 to «. only IS cents pair; mall orders filled.
PEOPLE'S SHOESTORE. 1303 Stockton «:..
near Broadway.
BOOTS and shoe* made ••, order from lst-claas
C??^" 1 ' * 6 to X'K ' flaring cheap. H. SAL-
MM'N. 4<l liurh st . formrrly »ith McNulty.
in SINES* CHANCES.
A— S3OO— RESTAURANT! oyste7"and chop
h*u*e. with dally r*-celpts of $30; Hi) first-
claka price*; rent $4&: the best location in this
city. Call It. G WILKE. S** Market *t.
_
A— CX»RNER ••■: ■■■ n with 7 years' lease in
wholesale dlrtrlct; place estab. years and
clearing from $lu;> to sts* |>er-month: no lirtter
offer in market. IC. G. :.hi; ** Market.
A-1400-DELICACY «tore and branch bakery"
on Larkln si.; rent jr.. good paying business;
fine place for 2 Jadien or nun and wife. Call
It. G. WILKE. :<OC Market rt.
A— 44SO— CANDY store and factory, with living
rooms, in choice location on Polk rt.: rent
$32.' clears $32 r"T week; elegantly fitted: a
rare chance. R. G. WILKB. Mt Market tt.
A-S4OOO— CORNER crocen' and har: choicest
location; rent $40; doing a large rtore and bar
trade; rtock all fresh; a rare opportunity.
rail R. G. WILKE. MX Mart st.
A— sl3'tft— RESTAURANT close to. Market and
Mason sts.; doing a rushing business; place
elegantly fitted up: worth double the mont)
a*k*d. ----- M>S Market st.
A-S!>SO— PORK and delicacy ttor*. doing 1
large and flrrt-cla*s raying business; rent
$20; the very bert location: owner mutt sacri-
fice en account of other Investment*; a great
terrain Call It. O. lI. KK. 80S Mark- rt.
A-ssoo— SALOON: O'Farrell and Stockton sts.;
loa*e. R. Q. WILKE. Ml Market st.
BAIIRER shop and cigar store for sale; price
t&oo. llox 1737. Call.
GROCERY stock and business, horse*, war "as.
Twenty-first st,. and Treat aye.. at bank-
rupt eale. For particulars apply to Hoard of
Trade, 202 Market it.
UCSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
A— S6OO— SALOON; among wholesale houses.
where hundreds of people are employed; no
night or Sunday trade; rent $30; old ape the
cause of sale. STENBERG CO.. -• ■-. Kearny.
A— PARTNER wanted: restaurant: to attend
carh counter and help In general; $75 per
month guaranteed; prefer partner to hired
help. BTENBERO CO.. 2C«J Kearny ft.
A-$275-SALOOn} 2 blocks of Market: 3 newly
furnished rooms; handsome bar and back bar;
viilue in sight: owner sick; must bell. STEN-
BERO. 2CV- .irny st.
A— SI2OO— STEAM laundry in busiest country
town In <-allfnrnta; lot 60x100; brick building;
one block from depot; remarkable chance for
active man: machinery, wagons, everything
In tip- 1 shn|-e; any one looking for good
place will flrwi this a fine investment. See to-
day STENBERO CO.. US 1 * Kearny st.
A NEW LEASE SECURED.
FRED HUEMANN. the proprietor for the
past ten years of the California Bchnetaen
Park, near San Rafael, has secured a new
|ea;»ejorjjiesejarnous^jjlcnlc grounds, and Is
now^Tirepared to meet committees for picnic
excursion arrangements for the season of ISHx)
at his office. 123 Sutter St.. Tuesdays and Fri-
days, from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
STORE. In new building; large lot: good well
of water: electric light; large basement: In
an* of ... best mining camp* In the State;
no old stock: very cheap If sold before Jan-
uary 1 lM)o: other Investments cause of sale.
Address box C 4». Call offlce. V^
TO TRADE— S-room house and lots rented for
raloin or lodging houce. BASILE. 3 • Idy st.
tlWK>— OON; Petrero. nr. Union Iron Works:
fine fixtures; full value In stock; receipts $25
day: rent $20 month. BABILE, 3 Eddy st.
FINE corner grocery: best In Mission; cause
sale slcknes*. COWING & CO.. 995 Market St.
WANTED— A paying route on a morning paper:
about 400 to COO subscribers; state price. Ad-
dress box 544. Call office^ ;'■■«
PAYING business on Market et.. opposite Pal-
ace Hotel: suitable for man and wife. Ad-
dress letter box 37M. Call offlce.
5 PARTNER wanted In old established
business. Box 1714. Call race -_
BARBER shop and rooms complete; rent low.
IVa Howard *t., near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Good fruit stand; 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth st. .__
$2iK>— DRUGSTORE: good business; best corner
In Western Addition; old stand; fine oppor-
tunity for physician: good reason (or selling.
Box U. 33. Call.
$55o— CORNER grocery with bar; cause other
business; value Inside. Box 532. Call.
BALOON with 6 furnished rooms and bath:
rent $24: Btock and fixtures $275: cause of sale.
sickness. irs Perry st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
FOR sale— Home bak»ry with portable oven; 5
year** lease;.rent $15. 49C Fourth st.
SMALT., home restaurant, north of Market ft.,
fr.r sale at a bargain. Own»r. box 170fi. Call.
FOR sale — Old established wagcn-maklng and
horseshoeing bu*lr,ess: 15 years present lo-
cation. Apply 22 rtland n\e.
$2000— PARTNER wanted in old established
business. Box 1714. Cal! offlce.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
and mere In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO.. Cl 4. Ca'l building.
COFFEE and lea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & COS. 4)2 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
tubscrlptlon* has been establlJhed at the
corthwest corner of Twenty-aecocd and Ken-
tucky »ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions 'has been opened
at 1213 Polk t-t.: o|*n until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1C94 Va-
l>m-| t :
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS'.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new: bus. buppy. new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2B Harrison.
SMALL Hungarian pony and wagon for sale.
122."> Guerrero st.
FOR sale— Cheap: 2 wairons; one box-covered,
one oi«en. Apply at :.•*<>} Buchanan st.
i ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
10P SETS ■•cond-hsn.l harness: wagons, carts.
buggies. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING:
WHF.N you b-conie disKUs.ted with poor work
eenJ to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. Si 3-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Work*. G. H.
STEVENS, mer.. 3t-40 Sth St.; tel. South ZX.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clear.. Co..
% 4*.3 Eievehaon rt.: tel. South 2TS: lowest rate*.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Gutter St.:
tel. Main S?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
j CARPETS cleaned at Zc per yard; laid at Ic.
STRATTON'S. 2 F.iehth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
rt.: cl*anlnr. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
«7;-te nve. : fVt.nono K««t its
I — . "
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
I VTICA <"lear.lic and Toilet Compound* and
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure
cur. for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
] Ae*nt. <~"fW and factory. .1 Spear st.
I CLAIRV4JYAKTS RPiRITCALISM
| MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may he eon-
j tulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery: she will
fhow you how to overcome your enemies, re-
move family troubles; retort lost affections:
ur.lte the *p{i<»rnt?d: recovers loft or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; tend stnmp for circular
with r;— •!«! term*. MRS. I»R. F. CLARK.
JC' Turk St.. near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market si trance,
tei-t medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats ell d!*ea«es; sittings SI.
MMX. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; l>est urtvlce in difficult mat-
ter*. 8 Hayes Kt.. room 7, second floor.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 102<4 Sixth St..
10 ». m. to S p. m.
MME. MORBAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c Ut>. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader: reading*. 25c.
MRS. RANKIN. card-reader and palmist. »ii
Mission i<t.. near Sixth.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: Certnan Fpoken. 92lVi Mission. op Mint.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewrlter.
330 Ells st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evening*.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
rlttln** dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently: business
advice; name* given; 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st
MME SYBILLE-Cradl? to grave: future hus-
hand's picture r>: lilies. '14 O'Farrei, st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
leal eucce«*ful. Room 110. 927 Mark-t st.
COTTAGU TO LET.
COTTAGE— 4 rocm* and bath; modern Improve-
ments; 21* Locum aye.. bet. Van Ncsa aye.
•nd Franklin rt. and Golden- Gate aye. and
McAlllMer *t. Apply C2S Golden Gate aye.
DENTISTS.
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlor*. 927
I Market st.. over '"afe Bnkand Teeth extract-
♦•d without i>ain by use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the l>«-;t and most artistic
•lental work at reatonaMe prices; pure gold
fillings lroni SI up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plate* that fit
from J4 50 up; open evenings and Sunday*.
A NEW aoaasl for palnlex* dentistry —
Synol. on application t<» the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates: thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge wcrk: teeth with-
out a plate; fllltngs. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full cc.l, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlor*. 24 Sixth si.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket t>t . cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions lone ainle*sly teeth
without plates our t-i>rcinlty : gold crowns.
$3 M up; plates, extraction! free. $4:* up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. tn.: Sundays. » to 2
p. m. G. W. WHJ.IAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by Ills wonder-
ful «ecret method; crowns. $2; bridges. «4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received I first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
rpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; r*uiirantee 10 year*; lowest prices; 10 op-
»rator*: no student*. P97 Market st. .
G* * A RANTEED dentistry. $1 per week; we
r>fer to ftXKt city patients. Esmond Dental
Parlor*. 43 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full *et of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
s You?>fG. t », t i i pri k tt > i ut pute - vr - ir "° :
OHJO Dental Parlors. Inc.: S graduate "opera-
tors:open evenings and Sunday*. {SO Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted M
year*. N. T. Dentists. M 7 Mission, cor. Sth.
Tin: SAN FK AW CISCO call, SATURDAY, UiSU.K3I.IS.KK i». tow.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes; 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Pan. over O'Connor * Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post^lt.. &~f7?
. practical courses in boDkktojjin^. shorthand,
typing, language*, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new &0-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrot t building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted perscnclly by Mr. and Mrs. Ayrea;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
ALL students ■ but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123 C Market st.
ENGINEERING school. civil. electrical, mining,
mech, survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
_*st. ISC4. VAN DKR NAILLEN. 833 Market.
>! ISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. 302 Montgomery Ft.
E. L APPLEBY. banjolst and teacher; hours.
1 to 5 and 8 to » p. m. 220 Eddy st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys: Easter term. begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallctt. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the orter at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
piiv.orclu* Barker's Academy. Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night : correspondence.
START right and the end Is In sight. PROF.
MERKI. vlolfn. mind., guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG. arithmetic, grammar. writing:
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.Sth.
CHEAPEST and best In Am-rtca— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada on* year for 11,
I r «tage paid. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Slitter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency — Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st.: phone Davis 811.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main UM,
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
be»t help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Oearv St.: te). Grnnt ».:
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AMERICAN lady wishes position as houses
keeper or co«<k for a few men. Call or ad-
dress 205 Sixth st.
TRANSISTOR of English Into Spanish would
like to do work at home or give Spanish les-
sons; thoroughly competent. Box 545, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes steady po-
sition in large private family or delicacy
store; good carver; best rtfs. Box 545. Call.
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing: SI per day and car fare. Address
box 9, 300 Hayes st.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. $21 Mission St., room 1.
WOMAN wants position to work In restaurant:
kitchen work. 37 Ivy aye.
POSITION wanted by -irl to do housework or
cooking. Apply 126 Lily aye.
RELIABLE woman wishes a place as house-
keeper: city or country. Address or call 720
Laurel aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- !
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to II 50 right:' ll 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: fre* bus
and baggage to and from terry.
Cl-ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St. j
A RANCH lire for Call advertisement* and 1
rlptlons has bee* established at the
north* corner .if Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky ft*. Open till 9 p. m.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at li>.<6 Va-
, Uncia t-t
I A BRANCH oitlre for the reception of adver-
< tlf«-mer.ts Mr.d subscription* has been opened ;
1 *t 1213 Poll- st.: r,,#r until «p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Situation on gentleman's place; un-
derstand* care of horse*, harness, carriages,
c-.-wr .1. i chicken*; Is temperate and honest.
Please address. Mating particulars, till Mon-
day no<.n. Box 1740, Call offlce.
A YOUNG German man, 29. ■■'■ -•■'. habits, '
wishes position in an institution or hospital: j
two years' experience; not afraid of work;
good references also as sexton In Catholic
1 Church. W. A. MUELLER, 1324 Montgomery. :
ELDERLY man (Englishman), well educated.
I peeks employment of any kind; speaks Ger- I
■ nan and French fluently: willing to teach and I
j make himself generally useful for good home.
Box :.42. Call offlce.
; INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German: un- '
derstands tho care of hordes, cows, garden
; work; has. porter experience, and Is handy
with tools: desires position. Box 535. Call.
| HONEST, industrious man. understanding care
i of orchnrds, horse*, carriages, cow, garden
1 and fowl*, wants position as caretaker any-
I where In California or Nevada: good refer-
! ence*. Address B. P.. 417 Powell st.
! SITUATION wanted by married man Just from 1
the East; 8 years' experience In flour mill; ;
also exnerier.ee as engineer: handy at moat
anything. Call or n.Mrewi MR. SUMMERS.
776 Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
I DRUGGIST thoroughly competent desires en- 1
EaKen-.ent, city or country: American: 3S; ex-
ceptional reference. MANHATTAN, Box 539. ,
, Call office.
MAN and wife to work on ranch; man under- I
stands pruning and care> of trees; wife good j
cook; one child; good reference. Box 1725.
_ Call. !
| SITUATION wanted by married man Just from 1
. the Esst: flrst-ciaSH painter; handy with tools;
lathing, shingling or anything. Call or hi
iiret-s J. M. CARTER, 1..3. West St.. Oakland.
! BOY of 15 wishes any kind of work; under-
, stands German. Box 10. Call branch 300
Hayes 
I ENGINEER and machinist: experienced In sta- |
tionary, traction and hoisting engine work II
L SANDOVAL. Hotel Winchester; San Fran.
! SITUATION wanted by active elderly man; all-
j round stableman and driver; good milker and
| gardener; references. Box 641. Call Office,
YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper, bill
1 clerk or stenographer; first-class references
Box 546. Call offlca.
WANTED— By an experienced salesman, sltu-
atlon In a general merchandise store; best of
relerences; have been over 7 years with
present employers R.. box 536. Call offlce.
JAPANESE young man wants position at
housework: can speak Kngll*h well. FRANK
NISHIKAWA. P. O. box 634.
GOOD all-round baker woull like position In
country town. Box 631. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by young man In whole-
sale Jewelry house; have had flve year*' ex-
|<erlence in Eastern house. Box 526. Call.
BARKEEPER wishes a position; good refer-
ence* ; long experience. Address BARCH. 741
I*agunn st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes work In the I
city or country or some Institution; Is a flrst-
j class workman. Box £07, Call office. >■ 
COOK with wide experience; good reputation;
so «l on bread and pastry; sober and eco-
nomical. GEORGE STOLL. Russ House.
WANTED— Position by a first. class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.; references given.
Address box 1456. Call offlce
I CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
MAN and wife wanted: no children; rent free
1232 Valencia St.; call after 8 p. m. -"*
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery St.. room 1. second floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . the
northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
( tucky sts.a Open till 9 p. m m
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till « p. m.
EXCHANGE. ~
1 WILL exchange a valuable' patent for a
grain, stock or fruit ranch: this article is In
use every day. Address FRANK YOUNG.
Woodland. Yolo. County. Cal.
ON account change of residence, fine corner
residence In Alameda in exchange for San
Francisco property. GEO. W. H. PATTER-
SON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to- any addresn In the
United State*, postpaid, for «1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eye*, or continuous eye trouble
1 can at once be overcome with Mayerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mail. EOc. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071 ! i Mar-
I ket et.. San Francisco; telephone Mint 257.
+♦+♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»
♦ f
£^r On account of the time neces- X
X sary in the preparation of the X
X Christmas Edition of THE CALL, X
+ to be issued Sunday, Dec. 17, X
4- ■ +
jNo::: j
I Advertisements I
♦ for that issue will be received X
I AFTER 9:30 p. m.
I SATURDAY. |
•♦■■■• ■♦•
♦ ♦♦<-<>♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL, 10
Montgomery st.
HAIGHT. 621— Elegant almost new flat of 7
rooms and bath; $25.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms. 2293 Geary St.; rent
cheap. MADISON &. BURKE.
SUNNY fiat: 5 rooms and bath: newly decorat-
ed. 145 Second aye., cor. California. Richmond.
SUNNY flat of 7 rooms and garden. 736 Four-
teenth St.. near Market; basement.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
ens each: first and second floors. . 417 1 ? Third.
FREE TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90:
heavy matting. 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
*t.. near Broadway: open evening.
FIVE rooms, furnished, for sale cheap. Call 10
to 3 (no dealers), 25 Birch aye.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1:31 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. E. CODY O.ate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
I WANTED— <-a.rr»t* furniture, etc: highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R HANSEN * <"0 • - 104 GEARY ST.
Waitresses— Donuia, $2:.; Gait. $20; Bakers-
field. $20: Jamestown. $20; Keswlck. $20: Ne-
vada. $20; cook. Kennett. »-■■. lunch waitress.
£0c; dinner waitress. oOc; restaurant cook. $7
a week. ' •'.'■
FAMILY ORDERS.
Two German cooks. $30; 20 German and
Swedish girls, housework. $20, 125; 20 other
girls, housework. $25. $20: 10 young girls to as-
sfet, $15. $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Gaary st
WANTED— German or French governess, $25:
laundress. Institution. $25; German or Swedish
laundress. $30: I cooks. German style. $30;
second girl. $20; second girl and seamstress.
$25: a number of German and Scandinavian
and neat Irish girls for cooking and house-
work, $20. $25. $30, city and country. J. K.
CBOSBTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
TWO neat girls wanted; 1 for cooking; also 1
for second work; references required. 1180
O'Fatrell st.
WOMAN— Reliable worker for kitchen work.
Call 44S Third st. c
GIRL for general housework; no washing;
wages $20. 1010 Dolores st !
OLD woman to mind children and assist; good
home; $5 month. 457 Tenth st.
WE furnish stenographer-; there is no charge
for the serrl *; Remington standard type-
writers, 211 Montgomery st.: phone Main 87.
WANTED— For inside work. 2 reliable, ener-
getic women. Apply 47? 1 - Thirteenth St..
Oakland.
WANTED — Good German girl; general house-
work: good wages. 933 Halght St.
E PERIENCED hands on woolen waists, S.
r. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st.
■ LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness: halrdn-sslng taught In four weeks. Call
cr write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. £35 Clay st.
LADIES' cloak*, salts, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. IV* Stockton, nr Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and aubcrlptlons
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH nfflce for the reception of adver-
tisements and AUbKcrlptlon.i has been opened
at '.TV- Polk St.: .per. until 9 p. m.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements an 1
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty- s«-c nd and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 9 p. m
A BRANCH office (or Call advertisements and 1
tubscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va- ;
lends. *t. : •:■.*■♦
.■-;; ' V HELP WANTED MALE.
COOKS AND WIVES FARMERS AND WIVES
Wanted, for small mine boarding house, cook
and wife; $*"■-■> and found: fare 50c; call early.
Choreman and wife, ranch $4'i and found
Milker and wife $10 and found
MURRAY & READY.
63« and 636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN M-
leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
6 pruners. orchards and vineyards.. s26 and fd
10 farmhands and teamsters.. s2s to $20 and fd
4 driller*, near city $«n
Italian gardener, private place $2.'>
Gardener and chofensan '. $25
Woodchopper*; tools and provisions furnished.
MURRAY & READY,
j 634 and 636 Clay St.
C. K. HANSEN A co m GEATtY ST.
Teamsters for th- Coast Road; tree fare; ship
Sunday and Monday.
« rockmen for quarry, company work. $2 50
a day; part fare advanced.
Tent repairer for a railroad camp. $1 50 a
day and board, free fare both ways; machine
hand for a planing mill. $3 a day.
Baker and assist Ml range, country hotel.
$45; baker, country hotel. $30; second cook,
country hotel. $35. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ".-. ■:.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy. C3O Market, downstair*.
BARKERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
n.fnt H. Bernard. Sec . 104 7th: tel. Jessie 131
WANTED— Experienced men's furnishing goods
es.le».men for retail. EAGLESON & CO. 535
I Market st. - .
WANTED-Flrst-clars salesman for hat depart -
ment. Apply at RAPHAEL'S.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 53« Fourth
street.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday "and Sunday.
416 Hayes «t.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for Saturday and
Sunday. 1326 Pacific st. "
TWO barbers; steady; $12: 6 for Saturday and
Sunday. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 107J
Market St.. near Seventh.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. Apply at 217
Fourth st.
BARBERS-Hotel shop for sale; a bargain.
DECK ELM AN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
SKA MEN. blacksmiths and green hands at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart nt. -
WANTED— Two quarry pick men. . Colusa
Stone Company. 206 Kearny st.
WANTED— A shoemaker on repairing. ' 3C60
Seventeenth st.
BOY In Unsbop; age l«. Apply between 7 and 9,
533 Mission st. • % ■ , • 
WANTED— A boy about 14; good home; small
wages. 131S Turk at.
CUTTER wanted for wholesale clothing. 222
Butih st. -
LADY or gentleman to run dining room; 690
rooms; must have $300. Apply 743 Mission st.
NIGHT cashier. Bay State Restaurant, 29
Stockton it.
WE furnish stenographers; there Is no charge
for the service. Remington Standard Type-
wrlter. 211 Montgomery st. phone Main 87.
WANTED— Messenger boy; apply In own hand-
writing: state age: give . references. P. O.
box 2048.
WANTED— First-class iron moldera. Apply
MORAS BROS. Company. Seattle. Wash.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room cheap. . 104 Kearny st.. tailor shop.
MAN to do. Janitor work for hi* tuition at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard at. ■ - '- ,
Vr '£ci T £ l> ~0~ 0 ■ t * <>™ -on ■ military work at
2*20 Greenwich st
HECP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
■ Sic. 162 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 40« McAllister.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission) st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c*
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offic-. Flllmore sL
MEN wanted to learn harbor trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction ; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated -catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teacb the art.
WINCHESTER Hotel, il Third H.. near MM
ket: 7CO rooms. 2. .c- nljrht: reading room: free
'bus and baccnge to and from the ferry
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ha» been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Kte For Sale
WORK horse. $20; business mare, $30; road cart.
$15: buggy pole, $5: fine brood mare cheap. 19
City Hall aye., opposite Leavenworth st.
60 HEAD fine, draft and driving hoi— at 1631
and 1625 Market st . between Twelfth and
J'rady; also some fine matched black teams.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
m Sixth It.; auction sales every Wednesday.
I.I.IVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
FOR 6-year-old horse of 1150 lbs. at 2335
Mission st.
houses — LODGI.VG— for sale.
IN our lodging house department:
A new. vacant downtown rob— house.
J3so— 11 rooms; near Pheian building.
$6:.0— 12 rooms: Qeary and Mason.
$1500—22 roomf: on Union Square.
MONEY TO LOAN
INSURANCE CUT
A. M. SPECK &CO 667 Market st. 1
R. H. WINSTON A CO 1C26 MARKET ST..
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE.
Ii rooms, rent $40. only $650
23 rooms, rent $40, only 600
4s rooms, good location, only 750
67 rooms, finest corner In city 3500
81 rooms, cheap rent, a snap 2f>oo
OFFER wanted on 12-room lodging house north
of Market st.; all full; will sell very cheap;
must sell at once; furniture and carpets In
good order. M. GRIFFIN, agent. 710 Market
PL, near Call building.
TO buy or sell your furnished houses see BA-
BILE, 3 Eddy: 200 bargains: 8 to 100 rooms;
title guaranteed; money loaned on furniture.
14 ROOM house— Hyde St.. near Ellis; must
sell: going away: carpets worth money asked:
M>S\ C. IV DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE; $4..'.; on account of depart-
ure: 20 tunny rooms: well furnished: ill
rented: rent $50. Apply place, 533 Broadway.
14-ROOM lodging house for sale,. 1125H Mis-
sion st. •
HOUSES TO 1.1.1.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NINETEENTH, 3215—5 rooms, bath and base-
ment; large yard; $13.
$J0: CHEAPEST boose In town; 12 rooms. 152S
Market St., near City Hall.
DRVISADERO. "-'l comer Hayes— House, 8
rooms and bath; J.V. rent.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you set from BALDWIN & HOW ELL. '
in Mont«r>rre»-v -t '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Kearny. between Batter and Post.
Cocker uiiei. black, with brown spot on
each eye answers to nani" of "•Sam." Re-
turn 703 Leavenworth st.: reward.
LOST— Check on Bank of British North Ameri-
ca -for $375: useless except to payee. Finder
1 ..I-- r-turn check to bank; no questions
asked. ,
FOX TERRIER lf-st a weoic ar.o: white, with
black and tan suot on face. Finder return to
2027 Vallejo St.. and eel reward,
LOST— Bm*.U brown wallet containing two en-
.volopcs and pencil, between Flood bliig and
ferry. Flnd*r please leave .it Call office.
LOST— A five-pointed enameled star: liberal
reward. J. H. FISHER JR.. "M Commercial.
LOST Pearl opera glasses: Ii tials "M. If";
Orpheum: reward. Ml Market st.
LOST— Brlndle greyhound tltch. US Flood
aye.. Sunny Side; reward.
LOST Female fox-terrier: "Nellie": black
spot on back: license. Reward at 529 Howard. •
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
■ and specialist; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post Ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to .'.. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned !
ladles' epeclali&t: safe and reliable; has orac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousand*
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed Write or call at lt23U Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $5; warranted; II years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st. near Mason.
IV ATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care
MRS. DR. OWYER 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hour*— 10 to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to I.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2751; re*.. 1.11.' Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge:
cure $5: consultation free. .'ln Kearnj Si
DR. and MRS. DA Y IKb. IKS Market, ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen.
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed: treatment SI.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' pnysician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office, 13 hours 9 ft. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10J5 Market St.; hours. 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. m.: guaranteed treatment. S3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 11 IS Market
»t.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ease» of the hnmnn Mt US Vw« «t. I
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 30 cents per share or. monthly install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 6-7.
W. F. AFvAM. Mining attorney, room 40. sib
floor. Mills building. S F. : tel Main »44.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counter*, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
• 2 BEAUTIFULLY marked . choicely bred St
Bernard dog puppies; nice Christmas pres-
ents; also Angora kittens. Presidio Kennels
3313 Clay st.
A NICE present In the shape of a sapphire
and n»-arl ring, price $9, worth $20. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Smith Premier typewriter and ele-
»rant walnut cabinet desk at half original
cost. D., box 173 Call office.
WILL pay cash for second-hand piano or store
It and advance money upon it. Box 637, Call.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade. $10: cost
$35. PLAEA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
25 HORSE-POWER engine and boiler for (Me.
316 Railroad aye. .
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap
42 Mrln st. '
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, placer*, lathe*
Iron & wood; Id hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.'
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second hand: acety-
lene generators, Bullard & Breck, 131 Post it.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-slded sticker; 1 <**•"£
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com
pressor; 1 band saw; i locomotives. 3 steam
ers. 220 Fremont st. •
SAFES-New ar-1 second for banks. merchants.
# eteamers. residence.; portable »* r « t > t( . bo i < *;
specie chest!-, bullion safes vaults etc. The-
Waltz Safe Co.. 101-111 Market St.. I F.. ' »'
FRESH snowtwlls-'T.Carr" an.l all brands
English fire brick, fire ,lay. c - k , du •*•'-• R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.; tnj|Maln 6056.
EDISON concert phonograph, price r .'?j»rjf p f 1 o
tIOO. concert records. 32 CO. BACIGALLFI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C BENTHAM. IU Kearny st,
CLOSING out of 300 new and M band heater*
■nd ranges; from I: up- 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. t2 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
FOR CTirlstma* pre - cft-PmtKKPKN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
bolters and engines. H. S. White. Sit Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery. boilers,
water pipe: new. 2d hand. Whltelaw. 216 Spear.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm I'llls: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 110 Golden Gate » »-
SAFES— New and recond hand. THE HER-
MAW c.\»^r *■*<"> 4'?-i*i c- — in'-i f » st.
~~ MISCELLANEOUS \VA>TS.
WANTED— Second-hand dental chair by a re-
spectable registered .dentist. Address 715
Howard st.
WANTED— Good cash register, couple of 8-foot
showcase* and a small safe. Address 339
Col fax st.. San Jose. _^____
SECOND-HAND high-top organ, cheap and In
good condition; give price and make. Ad-
• dress 641-417 Commercial st.
FURNITURE of 3 or 4 rooms; must be cheap.
Box 638. Call offlce.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: 122 per ounce
for gold In It. 32<« Hush st 3d floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call offlce.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT proposition, any amount; « per cent, first,
tecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages, confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room It. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission: no delays. J. NOON-
AX, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. -above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see roe: i;o
to tlOO.COO: 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished P. A. Dolan. S3« Markt.
ANY amount at < per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages ant] legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. > I -PAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry More. 84t Market
St.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price* for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
IiONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and m. Doth hoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. room *. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator, tsi, Davis 935.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest ratesl BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
Indoirer MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
tSCOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 3 per
cent WINSTON A CO.. IOM Market st.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indurser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan MM
160 TO *£0.0 Co; lowest rates: Ist and 2d raortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
rommlfdon: private. LICK, lit McAllister St.
i IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
I moTf rrr">v »> H. MTrrtPHY. p.-. Murket st.
musical INS lit I Ml
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
. price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for tf per month, and some good
pianos for S3. $4 and II per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutler sts., San Francisco;
1 Uin*l Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16. 2$ and 30 O'Farrell st. ; piano*, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grade*
•nd prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. \ . ■ .
KNAIIK pianos, new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 OFarrell st
A DECKER baby upright is a fine thing for a
holiday gift. See them at MAUVAIS'. 76J
Market st.
, DECKER planns and Packard piano* and or-
gans are sold only •!■■!- 769 Market.
OLYMPIA music boxes are sold very" cheap for
cavil or on Installments at MAUVAIS'. 76J
Market st
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. U. 14. *4. 34. 34 per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 htetnways. 1 Vote & Son* and
; • fifty ether slightly used high and medium
' grade pianos; ipeclal discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sale of piano* on storage;
closing out lot of uprights $60 up: open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. .1710 Market.
A FEW new planou to rent at 12 M per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S6O Hayes st.
A SPLENDID opportunity to secure a beauti-
ful upright at n snap. Km. 12. Flood bldg.
$ISO— ELEGANT upright, xtool and cover: cost
tl"<0: for sale on $.". Installments. 1116 Post.
WILL pay cash for second-hand piano or store
It and advance money upon it. Box 637, Call.
ELEGANT Stelnway upright sacrificed for
cash. Room 10. Flood building.
A— ELEGANT Kstey upright for sale; slightly
used: magnificent tone r ">- Cough st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented S3 per. month
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. M 0 Hayes at.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other piano*. 308
Post st.: open evenings.
WANTED— 2 square pianos. BYRON MAI'ZT
JtW Post st.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright: sacriflecd.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Vnn Ness aye . nr. Geary st.
LA ROE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. .
W. a BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. age.it for
Francis Bacon and Hallett He Davis ptanoa.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new: cheat*.
HORNT'NGS. 21« McAllister St.
BARGAIN-Good upright; cheap. BCHMITZ. II
McAllister st.. next Hlhernla Bank.
SI . T «r; I i I X?S v '°Hns. tithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, rerwlrer. ? t,«trnm rt%r»
w^ w .-^----P- I - L LAUDS.
OIL lands. wanted. AMBROSE HARRIS. «2
Examiner building.
~ I'\I.MIMItv.
LA , r>I S?~x. nLEXI r ' ads >* our P aln >. we: rents
tl. The Norwood, fill Taylor st.
PHOTOGUAI'IHC SUI'I'LIEsT"
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper
superior to all and lower In price; sVrn^r;
do/. 25c. mailed. «al Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
f> ':.'• I ■■■«■_ H.
1 £RED E. WALLACE. w7lT^o*t be res^on-
Tr.iT «. r . . a . ny c!- c °ntracted by my wife.
IDA WALLACE. after this date.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 137 Third st.
LEOERER B Quintonlca Is the one thing that
? • E£f,. your ha!r a fln « Boss; **« Lot. Sold
by LEDERER. 128 Stockton st.
•"I.KMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: send for him. SM Kearny.
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LED
I.KKR. an artist In halrdresslng. 25c: doll's
wigs made to order; Foamo Shampoo, sc pkg.
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ■ '
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct, beautiful
map: your soldier boy wants It for Xmii;
con t be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of 11. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. «08. t27 Mar-
ket St.. 8. F.. Cal.; agents wanted everywhere.
JOHN L. UOONK. Pat. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law* a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. ) Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights i.i every room; /Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 route*;
25c to Tl 60 per night; II 50 to tt per week:
fre* 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. - J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M., Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
PERSONALS.
6000 CHRISTMAS trees: sites and prices to sn'i
all: delivered; order early. California Chr!.-.
mas Tree Co.. CCS Sacramento; tel. Main us.*
LEADING theatrical and masquerade co ,
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders**,.
Melted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mirk»t st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments, r
LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Jth.
DOLL wigs made of human hair M* Lav*. Vtrtta
parlors. 1140 Market St.; telephone Folsom I*4
BEST price for caj»t-'>ff clothing and bric-4.
brae. 11. MARKS. 203 Third at.: »>nl poitn.
PAINTING and paperhnr.gln*; rooms pnper>-1
12 60 up. JENSK.. A BATH. 3W SUth JC
HIRSLTINE CO.. hair specialties grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp, < Eddy it
INCRUSTATION— N>w invention for . hina fed
orator*. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 gartsorae t».
LACIIMAN * CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and s«at
mrm»Mii- also remodeling. 104 steamj tir
WANTED- Old gold for manuf O. NOLTrT
Jeweler. 24< O'Farrell. bet. Powell and M«»cn
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOH SALB.
13400— MODERN &-room cottage on bltumlaii-i
street: lot 25x130; also a large T-room boat-,
on Pierce st . near Halght; bouse* built I*
tult purchaser; easy terms. Inqulr* oa prea.
I.e. F NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 roorav
latest Improvements; Ho* and Hill sts.; n*a-
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FOR sal* cheap— 3 2-story houses, in good con
dltlon: on 2Cta st.. near Howard. MR.-
POHLKER.
FOR sale or lease— Lot on Geary St.. between
Stockton and Powell. T7:«xlJ7:«. Addre*'
CHAS. H. OHM. Scbellvllle. Sonoma Co.. Ca
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Pax.
west of First am. snd you wish to sell tn»
rail en W. J. OI'NN 410 Montgomery «t-
ROOMS FOR .'IOUSEKEEPLXG.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlptlont
received at Call branch offlce. 2300 FlUmor* »t.
FIFTH. 353—1 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. SIS: also single nni., %i. %* and V
FOLSOM. SI(V-Sunny front room and kitchen,
furnished complete; man and wife; no chl.
dren. . _______________^_
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Front sunny room,
with bath. |6; 3 housekeeping rooms, com
plete. |». __^
HOWARD. 623—2 large sunny rooms, guitar
for housekeeping, with sink and running
water; terms reasonable.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; first floor; also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite, kitchen, housekeeping, other*
reasonable.
HOWARD. *34— Sunny suit* complete swim
keeping, 110; sunny parlor*. 12 week.
IVY AYE. 27>-J furnished room*, new furni-
ture, with dishes an 1 bedding, for houa*k»«r.
LEAVENWORTH. 405. near Ellis— let; lam
sunny and housekeeping rooms.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Poet— Newly fur-
nished bedroom and kitchen; star*; 111.
MARKET. I«i8. opp. Tenth— Large sunny al-
cove room and sunny kitchen, unfurnished. H.
MISSION. 94! Nice front room with folding
t.e<l and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 701— Two nice housekeeping rooms;
man ana wife. _^_______________
POLK, l«20— 1 or 2 sunny double parlor* unfur-
nished; ol*o lurnished nadroowa.
POLK 1527— 2 sunny rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping, with cook stove; bath.
SEVENTH. 651— tt; 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny suit* of I rooms for
housekeeping; also 3 room*.
WILLOW aye.. 30— Unfurnished upper floor; 3
rooms and bath; rent 112.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094) Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1?23 Polk st.: open until » p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st« Open till 9p. m.
HooM» TO LET — Kara. ••>■ l.'nfnrn.
A BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night; II 25 to %. per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor st* -
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to SI M day. MRS. J. KINO.
BOHEMIA. 239 Pest. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. unny suite* for gentlemen and families;
spec, rate* tourists, elevator; all comrenienca.
BURNETT. 142t Market st. (old No. 13<4>— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 12C« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn; rms. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmor* st.
F/LLIB, 618— Large sunny room; suitable for 3
gentlemen; everything new.
FULTON. 218. near Van Ness —Single
room; srentleman or lady; tt.
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. K6— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; other rooms; baths, phone: reasonable.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GOUGH, 213—3 unfurnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath. etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Srveata
and Mission sts.— Sunny room*, sn, suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21— The Wellington— Sunny rooms
60c to SI 50 per night; 12 60 to 17 per weak.
GRANT aye.. 217, opp. Samuels' lace house—
suite or single; very reasonable.
HAIGHT. Newly furnished sunny rooms.
HANCOCK House. 711 Mission— Select family
rooming house; SI 60 to tt per week.
HARRISON. 7<M"i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed. sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: SI a we k up.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HYDE, 232— Newly furnished front parlor, sun-
ny and central; other rooms; bom* comfort*.
JONES. 117— Nicely furnished^ sunny single
room: private; rent S7.
LA It KIN. 707— Large newly furnished parlor:
rept S3 SO: private family.
LOCUST aye.. 125. near Van Ness and MoAUU-
t»r— Furnished front room; tl per week.
MCALLISTER. 1034— Large furnished room;
large closet; gas; hot and cold water: rent M.
MINNA. t<7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. II per week; transient.
NATOMA. 604. near Sixth— Furnished rooms,
single or en suite.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Market-Nicely famished;
35c day up; 32 week up: transient.
OAK. 116— Sunny suite of rooms: gas. bata;
newly furnished; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator, electric l:«Mv lay. wk.. mo.
OFARRELL. 604— A nicely furnlslMd suite of I
rooms, bath and latest improvements.
PERRY. 34— Single furnished front room to let.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis st.— lncandescent light.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladle** par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI 60; week. S3 to
tS: month, V to 330; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, it Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH 2W2. cor. Howard— Single fur^
planed bedroom, tt per month.
BUTTER. 705— Offlce of late Dr. ■ be rt son . so
other sunny, handsome room*.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming how**
for good people. 11. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWO large rooms In rear of 718 Natom* at .
bet. Elghtn and Ninth, rent to.
VAN NESS aye SOS— Elegantly and newly fur-
niched sunny bay-window rooms: no children.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till •) p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1273 Polk St.: open till I p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements snd
subscriptions has been established at 10M V*.
lenrla st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS' new discovery for rlieu*-
matl-m: also medicated baths for alcoholism
and rheumatism. bW Mkt. . offlce 7; 1-5. 7-10.
rooms capered from U: whitened, II oo-
painting done. Hart man Paint Co.. 319 Third!
BAD tenants ejected for 34: collection* made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO '
<!>> Montgomery »t.. ro«rn« vio tel. J53).
IEWIJia MACHINES AID »II'PLIK<
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold-
machine supplies. 14» Sixth: phone Mint 43. '
ALL kinds bought, s- \ exchanr^d rented- re
pairing at lowest rates. . 205 Fourth st.STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
• ■ ••.I Itevtav 43a,
■' -el MalnSTli
_^^_Vk*ATCII lIKPAIHIAG. ~~
t VhI CC n IES t rle * n '^^cT^arantee<l t rmn.
_The Roy Jewelry ,-.* t1r)(1 Co Mf> Kearny"
ADVERTISEMENTS
Ml .UM II REAL ESTATE.
1 ELEdANT »-room colonial homes adjacent
•Jnivertlty of Cal.; Juit completed: porcelain
fcatb; finished In natural wood; all modern
< 7'^ rn « cti e^rH nny frontage; terms If de-
rtr»d. M. L. fffRT3, 17th & Uway. Oakland.
TWO flat*— lo ror.tni,; modern: near station- I
r?' r " t . ( ** to , rtl|v< ' r ' !< *>': rrlce « «•; easy terms.
. I-Rn-.STC X ti'IHHXiiTON, Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
oaklam) II lIMH hb FOR SALE.
A £,J!?. t . ro<Sl V'" m to you from H
furniture w i Pr Jnh >TV , ' -Mln. Oakland.
DiytDBXD NOTICES.
D i£2££E N £~ T «~C^*~^ r FhareVof~tne
Ilutchlnscn Sugar Plantation Company will
i*>ai..- at the company Jr:
i£ ' ca Ml) after Wednesday. Dec.
• KISf S fcS^i close on Thursday. Dec.
'ck p m
K. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
' PIIO»»O»ALS. ~
V Ee^ SITV or "calTfornlv. berke^
bj£wS*E fontractor*. builder, and material
Jhlt~^ r liS U hor< - b >' R ken to all concerned
lhe ;£r,V\, PIV , po '' als S biA - are •ollri; for
iISTr hl, M addition to the chemical
J?^m««?' bul'aißg- and an addition to the
»£r£i? °>' mn aMuia on the unlvrrsity grounds.
r«£ ♦.. . t* 1 * and *° r the labor
-£. 1 7s7 s sl ?'. n ? th « aatertals necessary there-
.or. and Bald bids or projosals will b« received
.;!' »?^ cp of lhe "egent* of the University :
» /' ?',.. Mark H °r»ilns Institute of Art, corner j
or California and Mason sts.. San Francisco,
*- L*^ BT cr •I.M o'clock p. m. in the |
-tth day of Decfn-ilier. IS?9.
And notice is hereby further given that the :
plans and specifications of said buildings have
•*2 n niade and ad*, pted and are placed In the I
tfSce of Curlett £ Mc-Caw. architect*. 314 Phe-
lan tmildlnp., San FrancUco. where the earn*
spty be at-en and examined during each day
rroa io o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. in ,
Iroa thi* date until the .'fth day of Decem-
ber. ISB9.
No bldj cr proposal* will be considered unless
the same are accompanied by a certified check '■
or a bond of raid proposer »n the sum of ten
<10) per cent of his proposal, with sufficient I
*uretlc*. conditioned that if -.id bid or pro-
jx*al shall be accepted the party proposing will
Oary enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
JTform the duty and obligations in accordance
with «<»ld proposal and plan and fpoclnoatlons,
which shall be and are hereby rt-ijuirej to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is gtv«-n pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act tn amend an act entitled an
net to create and organtr.e the University of
OU'.Torrsla." approved March ~*. lses, and an
act amrndatrry of section 2i> thereof, approved
March 2«. 1*72, relating to the construction of
l.ullflln*:*, urproved March 3. ISS7.
By irder of the committee on grounds and
l>u!ldinE* ol the Board of Regents.
Dated rx-ceminr IS. IW.
E. A. DEKICRE. Chairman.
W. A. M-KOWTN. Actlnir Secretary.
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
»«-aled proposals mill be received by the Board
cf Director* cf the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Us oCQcw, room 13. 320 Sansom* St.,
F*n Francisco. i*al.. up to 10:33 o'clock a. or,
FATVKDAY. December 23. 189 S. and opened
Irsir.i-dlately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnlrhlng and delivering auarter-
tr.aster and commissary supplies for the Vet-
*raa»' Home. >apa Couaty. cal. (railroad eta-
tlon Tount\il». for six month* commencing
January I. IMn, and ending June SO, IMS.
Pchrdules with Information and Instruction*
for fc-jVmfttlr.g bids will be furnished upon
ajT'lc-atlon br the undersigned. Bidders will
cart-fu'.ly follow the conditions cf the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
it in accordance *lth such schedule*. Each
bJAQer must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied rherk upr-n come well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
rrrt rf the amount of hi* bid. payable to C
Matoa Klr.ne, treasurer, conditioned that the
im.r will enter into a food and valid con-
tract Mr>on nottr* of acceptance as required
tv law. The l»oard reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
v.tv over or under the amount tpeclfled.
*<Mr»-*s 3. 3. PofWILLK Secretary Board
<'. 7'! rector« of the Veterans* Home of Call-
f-rnla. ro<-m '.%. 273 Saasotne St.. Fan Fran-
rtsco, Cal. By order rf the Beard of Dlrec-
trr*. J. J. BOOVILLE. Ferretary.
: i\ rn.\'N'i~7?r*o. CW.. rw^-ember 11. 1">»—
1 ' a>l protx-iuals. In triplicate, will be r«»-
■r'\*i here urtll 12 o'clock m.. January 12.
' and th»n opened, for construction of an
'r'rjnrn storeho-use at Fort Point. Cal. Oov-
rr&aaeat resi-n-e- the right to reject or accept
i r.v or all bids In whole nr in part. Prefer-
e-re ri-ren to articles of dom^stiP privluctlcn.
< -i-1itlon« cf price «nd tjualltv including in
th* rtie* of foreign rrodurtlon* the duty
tV.ore^n) r»!ng equal, and such preference
:Iv»n to article* of American production pro-
*-j~ol m the Pacific Coast, to extent cf eon-
rotn] tl^n required br th» public serriee there.
Ir.f-rmstlon rurnlshed on ar plication to nn-
J»n'lrneil. Envelopes containing propo«als
thmild be endorsed "Proposal* for Storehouse :
r* Tort Point. Cal." and addressed r>r J. M
M^PFHALK Deputy Quartermaster O*n»ral.
■
LEGAL ADVEIITISEMEVTS.
TO JAMEfI PARR, son of SAMUEL Mi TV
formerly of the township of Cartwrtght. On-
tnrlo. in the Dnmir.lon of Cana^'iv, and miT«e-
Quently of the island of AWtnus. near Pan
FiaTT-lKeo. Jn tbe Stat* of PalKorn!a.
Wherea*. The aSove-namiNi JAMES PARR.
If living en the Jfth day of March. I«3S. would
f.» er.t)t*»d «s me of the next of kin of
LEONARD LUCAS. Ooeased. late of Monks-
town, Oounty of Dublin. Ireland. Deputy In-
Fp^-tnr C»n«-ral Royal Navy, to a distributive
*nare rf th» personal e.tATe of the said
LDONARP U7CAB. Purntinnt to an ord-r of
the Chancerr Division of th» High Court of
Justice In Ireland, mad* In the matte- of the
e*tat<» of the rail LrriNARD LUCAS, de-
oea->«e<l. ard In a cnuse PARR v BLAIR
<IC<«. No I*3V th« mH JAMKS PARR. If llv-
k ing on th» Mid 2.* th <*.ay of Marrh, I<K>^. or If
Fine dead his personal representative 1* by
his sniiritor on rr before the 11th day of
January. I!* 1", tri rc»me In and prove his claim
• * surh nert r,f yin at the chamber* of th«
R'.pht RoDeratfta th« Tlc» Chancellor - ' lie
land. FUr rv>urts, v 'in. Ireland, or in de-
Banft thereof he will »»e peremptorily *relu<l»4
frr>m the lienef.t of the K&ld order. Wetfnes-
ftay. th" 17th <".ay of January. 1900, at 11
o'Hock !n the fcTeno-m. Nt the said chamber*.
is appo!nt»-il for adjinil'-atlng on th» claim
Psted this lMh day of SwwiW. IR»>. I! A.
ro««r;RA%'T:. rhief Clerk. FRED FUTTON* A
f-CtS. SolleM'orn hf.ving -'ace, 22 Harrourt
•tn»t. Dublin, Ireland.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
cf Ran Francisco. State of California— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
corporatirm. upon its application for a Judg-
ment nf dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422.
Notice 1« hereby riven that OCCIDENTAL
FEET PUOAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
rur.'.red and existing under and by virtue <-,f
th# law* nt the State of California, and hav-
lnr Its office and i lace of business In the city
and county cf San Franrinco. Btate of Call-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
drees»-d t.. lhe Fupertnr Court of the city and
county nf Pan Francisco. Stat- of California,
which application Is rigned by a majority of
the Board of Director*, praying for a Judg-
ment <>f dissolution "« I< S corporation, and
that Friday, fveremher 223. ISW, at 10 o'clock
a n>.. at ihe eoiirtroom of said court. De-
partment Numt»r Two. In the City Hall of
the City and Cnuntr nf Pan Francisco, have
l- »•« «!;.■.!.•■■! as the day. time and place for
the hearing of sad application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and aT.»»>d the offl lal seal of said Su-
rerirr «>'urt. this r<^th day of November, IRM.
[Feal] WM. A. DRAKE Clerk.
By .TOPrril RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Fndnrsed: Filed Noveml>er ?ft. 1«M. WM.
A DEAKE. Cl«>rk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
MarrlsKe licenses rave been Issued a* follow*:
Harry C Shekels and Nellie M. Th0maa.... 21-18
Jr»ep'h IVinslch and Ma«rg|e Connich 2!»-lK
John F. Burrows ami Minnie R. Johnson.. .3l-32
"ir.-'r ' H. Jones nrA Carrie L. Pom-ers 21-20
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. nr.arrlaKe and fletth notice* sent by
mall will ni.t L-e inserted. They must be handed
in nt cither <>' 'he publication offices and be
indorsed with the nnme and residence of per-
•on« authcrlred to have the *ame publlkhed.
BORN.
QUINLAN— In Fruitvale. December 14. ISM, to
\h- wife of J. M. Qulnlan. a >on.
MARRIED. "
*URI<K:s— JOHNSON— At the residence of
Judge N. C. Brings, Hollister. December 14.
101, by the Itev. J. W. Bryant. Arn 4 and E.
Brlggs and Bertha A. Johnson.
LACKER— CARMAN— In Oakland. December
f.. !•«'. by the Rer. I>r. E. R. Dllle, Dr. W.
L. Lackey and Marion Kate Carman. both of
San Francisco.
LOWELL- SHATTCCK— In this city. Dec -
ber 14. 1K». by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case,
Fred«-rlrk A. Ixiwell of Sonoma and Hattle
J. Fhntturk nf San Francisco-.
DIED.
Bowen. James B. Hopkins. Herbert A.
Carson. R*v. A. N. Hughe*. Margaret
Chrtrtensen. Clara M. Kelly. Joseph F
I^e-j. lUiaia Lgnch. Michael
Denxler. Jacob McMurdo. Mrs. Dr.
De\echi clarence A. Mala«er. Felas
Dolan. Bridget Murray. Frank J.
f^ Bton . Giles A. Queen. Joseph
BUmm, Rose Sheridan. Eugene
Ferguson. Thomas H. Stone. William L.
Flynn. Patrick Watson. William
.Forcada, Mariana Wilson. Man' A.
Frawley, Anne M.
BOWEN— In New Almaden, December Is. 1899.
James B. Bowen. beloved husband of Mrs.
A. Bowen, brother cf-Thomas W. wen. and
father of William. Thomas. Samuel. Lucile
and the late George Bowen. a native of New
*£»• aged BS years 6 months and 23 days.
t7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:80 o'clock, from James Ha-
Can s undertaking parlors. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
CARSON— In this city. December 18. 1599. at his
re».dence. ill Bartlett street. Rev. Alexander
Ae > *_ t 2 n Carson, a native of Tennessee.
. t-TFrlends and acquaintances are re*pert-
ruily Invited to attend the funeral this day
"Saturday), at 2 oclock. from his late resl-
aenoe, thence to Trinity Presbyterian Church,
corner Twenty-third and Carp' streets, where
Wrrtcca will be held at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
CHRISTENSBN In Oakland. December 15,
l^W. Clara Mary, daughter of Charles and
bine Chrtstensen, a native of California, aged
14 years 4 months and 6 days.
DA .LV— At the residence of his parents. 1310
Eighteenth avenue south. December 15. 1599.
« ilMuin Daly, dearly beloved and only son ;
of Jofcn and Mary Daly, and brother of Alice ;
and the late John Daly Jr., a native of San j
l-rancisco, aged I months and 21 days.
DENZI.ER— In this city. December 15. 1899.
Jacob, beloved husband of Esther Denzler, a
native of Zurich. Switzerland, aged 75 years
and : days.
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. I<ISH Larkln street, between Geary and '
Post streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
DEVECHI— In this city, December 15, ISS9. i
Clarence Anthony Devechl, beloved eon of i
Edward Devechl. aged 3 months and 14 days. !
DOLAN— in this city. December IS, 1*99, at her
residence. £-36 Church street, Bridget, be-
loved wife of James J. Dolan, formerly of
Bear Valley, Marlnoca County, a native of
County Claire, Ireland.
CT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend he funeral this day (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, from St. James Church, corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-third streets, where a sol-
emn -requiem high mass will be held for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EASTON— At his home In Berkeley. December
13. 1*99. Giles Alexander Eastor.. rector
emeritus of St. Mark's parish, beloved hus-
band of Mary Esther Hasten. and
father of Mrs. Warren It. Porter. Klmball G..
Berkeley. Stanly A. and Robert E. Easton. a
native of Western, Oneida County, New York,
aged 70 years 6 months and IS days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, from St. Marks
Church. Berkeley. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Town- j
send streets station at 3:30 o'clock.
ELI AS— ln this city. December 15. 1*99. Rose
Ellas, 1-1 .v.-d wife of Morris Ellas, and
mother of Mrs. Amlel Morris and Lillian and
Louis Ella*.
FERGUSON— In this city. December 14. 1599.
Thomas Henry Ferguson, beloved husband of
Kitty Ff-rgus<»n. and father of Alice. TTioma*
and the late James Fvrruson. i. native of
Albany. N. V.. aged 42 years.
C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at : o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Pearl street. Interment private.
FI.VXN— In Oakland. December I.*. 1599. Pat-
rick Flynn, beloved brother of John Flynn of
County . way. Ireland. Mrs. P. Connolly
and Mrs. William Connolly of West Oak-
land, a native of Rahc-n. County Galway.
Ireland, aged 72 years. (Plttsburg, Pa., pa-
pers please ecpy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ai 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
»'f his sister. Mrs. William Connolly, 1675
Atlantic street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church.
FORCADA— In this city. December 15. IS?S,
at her residence, 4 Montgomery court. Marl- ;
ana, beloved wife cf Jose F^rcada. and
mother of Frank and Nicholas Furcada, a
native of Badalona, Spain, aged 61 years and
11 months.
CTTrlends and acquaintance* are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRAWLEY— Entered Into eternal rest at Port-
lend. Or.. December 14. ttM, Anne M.. beloved
wife cf the late Michael J. Frawley, a na- |
tive of London. England.
HOPKINS— At Camp La Carlotta. Negros
Island, P. 1.. April 16. IS?9. Herbert A. Hop-
kins. »on of Elizabeth and the late Albert H.
Hopkins, and brother of Mrs. S. Langan.
Mary Tobener Hopkins and Henry Dehn Hop- I
kins, a native of Gold Hill. Nevada, aged 20 i
years, and I months.
C3"Friends and acquaintance* are reaped- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ■
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the armory, Sl5
Ellis street, under the auspices of Company
F. First California Volunteer*. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio.
HUGHES— In this city. December 14. 1539. Mar-
garet Catherine, beloved wife of John
Hughes, daughter of James and the late
Bridgtt Nelson, mother of Mabel J. and John \
J. Hughes, and sister of Josephine. James M.
find the late John Nelson. Mrs. S. Bullard and '
Mrs. George Cullen. a native of San Fran-
cl*co. aged 23 years 3 months and 19 days.
PYtenda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. James Nelson. 275 Shipley
street, thence to St. Rose* Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repobe of her soul, commencing at I
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. i
KELLY— In this city. December 15. ISS3. Jo- |
seph P., beloved son ,i Mary and the lat*.
Peter Kelly, and brother of James T. and the
late John P. Kelly, a native of San Francisco, I
aged 21 years 2 months and 25 days.
LYNCH— In this city, December 14. ISS9. Mich- ',
ael Lynch, beloved husband of Mary Lynch
(nee Murray), and brother of the late John
Lynch and Hanorah Cunningham, a native of
the parish of Fuscla, County Kerry. Ireland, I
aged •'. years. (Stockton pnj^rs please copy.) '
~r1«-n!i« and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 5:39 o'clock, from his late
residence, 34 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the re^oee of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McMURDO— An annual solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated In St. Agnes' Church,
corner Masonic avenue and Page street,
this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of the late Mrs. Dr. John
R. McMurdo. Friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend.
MALAGER— In the City and County Hospital.
December 15. I«S9. Felas Malager. a native of
Mexico, aged 43 years.
MURRAY— In Bacolod, Island of Negros, June
23. ISA Frank J. Murray, late of Company A.
First Regiment, California U. S. V. Infantry,
beloved son of Ellen and the late James Mur-
ray, and brother of William E. and John J.
Murray, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 5 months and 21 day*.
B7Frlendl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun«ral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Unlt«-d Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment National Cemetery. Presi-
dio.
THE members of the late Company A, First
Regiment California, U. 8. V. Infantry, are
hereby requested to assemble at the armory,
corner Pag-e and Gough streets, at 1 o'clock,
to-morrow Sunday), to attend the funeral of
the late Private Frank J. Murray.
JOHN F. CONNOLLY.
Late Major First California Regiment, U. 8.
V. Infantry.
QUEEN— this city. December 15. 1893. Joseph
Queen, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month.
SHERIDAN— In this city. December 14. ISM. at
his residence, 2«0« Folsom street, Eugene,
dearly beloved husband of Carrie A. Sheri-
dan, and son of Owen and the late Mary
Sheridan, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years.
£7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2606 Folsom street, thence to St. An-
thony's Church. Army street, near Folsom,
where a solemn requiem hUh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hi* soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STONE— In this city. December 15. 189.9. Wil-
liam Leonard Stone, beloved husband of Min-
nie Stone, dearly beloved son of Mr? L
Stone, and brother of Susie B. Stone Mrs
W. A. Glunx. Mrs. O. Knox. Mrs. X B.
Smith and Mrs. W. C. Barrett, a native of
San Lorenzo, Alameda County. Cal., aged 82
years 11 months and 25 days.
£7Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 557 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
*ervlo«-s at 12:1:. o'clock. Interment Holy
Crncs Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Mission streets at ; o'clock
WATSON— In this city. December 14. UN \ViI
llam. beloved husband .if Mnry Watson and
father of Harry. Richard. William. Charles
Daniel and the late John Watson, a native of
Birmingham. England, aged «1 year* 1 month
and 22 days.
r. 7" Frl«-nda and acquaintance* are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from his late res!
dene*. tS Cook street, thence to Holy Ctom
Church, Eddy street, between Scott and De
vlsadero. for services. Interment Mount Cal
vary Cemetery.
•WILSON— In this city. December 3. 1599, at 106
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flannagmn A <~i .lli^ne-)
FUNERAL DIRKCTORB AND EMBALMGRS.
Z0 Fifth st,. opposite L. ncoln acaooi.
Telephone Sou -la to. ;.,
N. F. Dethleften. Chas. H. Jacob.
CM AH 11. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Director* and Embalmers. 313
Ma*on street, between Geary and O'Far-
rell streets. Telephone. Main 6213.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1899.
Fourth etreet. between 4 and 6 p. m., Mary
A. Wilson, beloved wife of Robert Wilson, a,
native of Harrodsburg, Ky.. aged 30 year* v
(liarrodeburg. Chicago. Indlanapoll* and
Iy.uiFvllle papers pleaee copy.)
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third Bap-
tlFt Church. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frederick I William and Sarah H. Blnk to
Patrick O'Neill, lot on W line of Larkln street.
75 S of Lombard. S 25 by "W 10&:9; $10.
Jonas and Fannie V. Erlanger to John A.
Lennon, lot on N line of Eddy street, 171:104
W of Franklin, W 34:4H by N 120; HO.
GregoriQ (or Glacomo) O. Glusto to Francesca
M. and Angollna Glusto lot on N line of
Grove street, 110 W of Octavla. \V 17:6 by M
120; 110.
Elliott M, Cofer to Emellne P. Cofer, lot on
N line of Turk street, 110 E of Broderlck, N
137:6 by B 27:6; 110.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Ellen Brundage,
lot on N line of Fulton street. &6:3 W* of Lyon,
W 25 by N lW; 110. . .
Katharine (or Katie) Cone (Wetzel), Minnie
and Hattie Wetiel to George D. Shadbourne,
lot on W line of Folsom street. C 5 N of Twenty
second. N 50 by W 122:6. quitclaim deed; $5.
Mary G. Welsh to Elizabeth J. Glynn, lot on
E line of Folsom street. 185 S of Twenty-sec
ond, SSOby E 122. C; gift.
William Ward to Maria Ward (wife), lot
on NE corner of Twenty-third and Alabama
streets, E M by N 104; gift.
Estate Orrille M. Colburn (by David 8. and
O. M. Col burn, executors) to Mrs. A. J. Col
burn. lot on W line of Chattanooga street. 210
6 of Twenty-third. S 25 by \V 175; also lot on
6 line of Twentieth street, lES E of Dolores,
B 25 by S 114; IBSOO.
Caroltne 11. Slme to William M. Slme and
Sime Company (a corporation), 1792 D. 47. made
by Mary L. Slme to Malcolm T., Hugh T
William M. and Marion 61me. dated June 22,
ISS7. of lot on N lln- of Jackson street, 122 E
of Drumm, E 15:6 by M 40; also 1797 D. 47.
should be 17»7 D. 21, made by Mary L. Slme
and Charles Aehton to Hugh T.. Arthur M..
William M. and Marion Slme, February 6, 1595,
of lot on N line of Pine street. 17:8 W of St.
Marys place. W 20:9, N 47:«. W 21:7. N 32. E
60. S €2. w 17:8. S 67:6; also lot on N line or
Everett street. HO W of Third. W 25 by N SO;
also property In Solano County, quitclaim deed;
*5. • •
The Slme Company (a corporation) to Adolph
Meyer and Kaaten Winter, lot on X line of
Jackson street. 122 B of Drumm. N tO by E
15:6; JlO.
Joseph H. Dunn to Samuel P. Blumenberg,
all Interest In lot on E line of. Dupont street,
97:6 S of Pine. E 60. S 40. W SS. S >>», W 22. M
40:10; $10.
. S. P. Blutnebers to Emll A. Kehrleln. un
divided twelfth of same; $10.
Marcus Modry to Joseph Peers, lot on W
line of Taylor street, 75 M of Pine. M 62:6 by
W 137:6; $10.
Joseph Peers to William C. SDenoeT. lot on
E line of Hyde street, 84:8 8 of Filbert. 9 23:11
by E CS:9; $10.
William C. Spencer to John C. and Cecelia
Hawk*, same; $10.
Bernard Huellmantol, Murdoch A. Campbell
and Julius Quinchard to Roealla Steffen, lot
on SE line of Clara street, 145 SW of Fifth,
SW 30, SE «. NE SO, NW 32. SW 20, NW &3; J5.
Alameda County.
Letltla Beretta to George H. Wasor, lot on
NW corner of Nolan (or Thirty-third) and
Market streets. W 116 by N M, being the 8
84 feet of lot 16, block P. map of property of
Central Land Company. Oakland; $10.
C. and Rose Gribble to William IL MacKin
non, lot on N line of Amethyst street, C 55 E
Of Broadway. M 147.33. X 42:6. S 149.83, W
14.73 to beirinnlns. being the E portion of lot
24. block H. resubdlvislon of Weston Tract.
Oakland; also lot 15. block D. Thermal Hill,
formerly the Howe Tract. Oakland (subject to
a mortgage for !i ■■ |10.
Edward A. and Catharine Shultls to Jacob
Burkhardt. lot 44. block K. Melroso Station
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
John J. Jr. and Ida M. Atkins to John J. At
kins Sr., lot on X line of Pacific avenue. 53.30 E
of Arbor street, N U4.BS. ■ 25 3 112. 15, W 25.14
to beginning, being lot 3, block Q. Powers
Tract. Alum, da; $10.
Robert J. Callaghan to Seraphln Cheyrias.
lot on S line of Railroad avenue (or Seventh
street). 27:0 E of Poplar street. B 25, S 104. W
2". N lf>3:10 to beginning, being lot IS. block
4», Brlggs Tract, map 2. Oakland; $10.
Georre H. Wagor to Jacob Brunner, lot on
NW corner of Nolan (or Thirty-third) and
Market streets. W 116 by N 34. being the S 34
feet of lot 16. block P. map of property of Cen
tral I -and Company, Oakland: $10.
J. W. and Jennie R. Haitaatl to Mary E.
Mathewa (ruardlan of the estate of Roy P.
Mathews, minor), lot 20. block H, Latham Ter
race, Brooklyn Township; $1623.
Builders' Contracts.
B X. Trobock (owner) with J. F. Imgnn
(■contractor), architects Copeland A Pierce— All
work for a two-story frame building on W :ine
of Taylor street, C2:C S of Washington. S 27:6
\>r W 127.6. r :
Copies of The Call s great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all ne^i's deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
7i>ill be limited.
HOTEi ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J V Shepherd, N V Miss £ Morrison, Deny
II .- Miner. Arcata Miss Jaeger. St Helena
0 E Williams Uklah I Mies Miller St Helena
II P Brainerd, Petalum P v Prince, Boston
V F Davis. Los Ang J C Ruddock. Uklah
J L Boson, Plymouth \V C Fuller & w. Cal
II Thorp. Sacto W McMullen Boston
J D Boyd. Marysvtllo W H Roberta. Cal :
J Breuner, Sacto !C J Smith. Seattle
1 Eaer & w, Denver W C Baker, Honolulu
a P Halfhlll. Los AnflH B Kail, King City
R N Sweetland. Ch*o F A Lowell &vr
D L Albert, Rockport W A Walker, Phlla
, J Curtis. Lindsay E M Carr, Pinole
Mrs Wright. Cal Mrs E B Reamer. Cal
V T DuPuis, Carson jR A Gay lord Aw Cal
J H Martin, San Jose C E Lindsay, S Cruz
J I' Treanor, Cal L W Fauquler, Yreka
W F Keaater, Mnrt'.nei C Gazley. w & 2 eh
F C Stanlford. Cal ! Portland
, F A Yon Dorstcn. Cal J J Tully. Stockton
, F B Glynn & w. Cal A H Harlin, Stockton
; W H Turner. Merced |H Haslam. Stockton
G R Moss, Cal Mr* L R IT. land. Isle
I W Dolan. Sacto of Man
I C H Davis. Cal Mrs F T Baldwin, Cal
I N O'Neill. Cal Rev Dr Murphy, w & 3
] C L Weiss, Mare I«ilnd| eh, Baltimore
! W a MeNamara, Cal O W Wallace Indiana
j J E Mason. Petaluma S El way, Pa
II R F'-ige, Sacto R A Sweetland, Chgo
.1 C Merrill Jr. L Ang W F Parker ft w. Ik A
I J II Edwards, Cal J B de Jarnatt. Cal
!.T Hamilton. S Lake W McDermott. B Lain
A A Hyatt, S Jose f Enzansperger. Sonor
: J A Mißhavaca. Napa J A Stevens. Chgo
F M Martin. Cal W Steinbeck. Holllster
i F C Stanford. Cal ,T I" < 'ii<<tall, Cal
'S II Courtenay. Cal fl C Sherkels &w L A
, Mrs S M Morrison, ,W S Wllcox, Uklah
Denver J D Boyd. Cal
Mrs W C Brlnker. Den
PALACE HOTEL.
A W More. Tesla Mrs 8 C Howe!!. II m
A H Robertson. USNISE Laldley. Sydney
Dr E R Stltt. U S N 'Mrs Kennedy. Sydney
C M Hunter. Chgo W B Townsend, St Lou
' A B Roeiter. Poland A H Frenlng, Pa-»aden
i F E Curtis. Poland J X Baker, Wash
F C Henderson, NT I A Trebelll, Australia
E H Carquevllle, Chi^o 7. Vandour. Australia
D F. Keating. Provldnc 'Mrs '", v.' Botrars Cal
F. A McLennan, N T Miss A D Smith. Cal
ii V Diekson. N V P B Mandeol. Chgo
Mr* ■ Dwyer Sacto i.Mrs F L Mandel Chgo
H W Lester. Conn II A < 'Ifase Riverside
C D Duval. Conn Mrs M A Chase. Cal
Mrs F H, Macfarlane, C A Eheetß, San Joso
Cal Mrs C a Sheets, S Jose
- Miss Macfarlane a l F Hod^klns, Stockton
, Miss Phelan, c l 3 Hodgklns. Stockton
Miss Small. Cal AC Mnrkley USA
a ■ Caldwell. Agnews w C Smith. Spokane
B II Davis, Chgo jR D Sullivan, Honolul
O W Luce. Los Ang Mrs R D Sullivan. H m
F M Schumacher. Chgo C F Allen, Denver
R Graham. Los Ann F A Armsby. Cal
E Chambers, L Ang Mr- V A Armsby, Cal
, Mrs Chambers. L Ang J W Kn<>\, Merced
Miss Chambers. L Ang X T D W Pries Carsn
J W Anas, Plttsburg 1 A Bnint. Cal
C C Wrtcht. Los Ang T M Walsh N V
o M Victory. NY r y Perks Jackson
H A Cohen. NY A .1 Kd wards. Stanfd
A R Katz. NY C Downing. Arm.ma
i F W Macfarlane. Hono I 9 C Rowel], Honolulu
Mrs II M Congar. Horn
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
A B Lehlgh. Sacto A Spelss. San Jose
\v p Butler. Minn .1 R Barton St Paul
J f'arrtson. San Jose L R Martin, Pt Coeta
J '.in.-.1. Santa Cruz II 1: Benjamin Tulare
P BsrktX Santa Cruz J D Wells. Fre'sno
j McKenzle. Neb A Brakine, Australia
H Cook. Courtland H N Smith. Bentcla
B Stein. Oakdale J Williams. Stockton
J King. Slsklyou R Treat Uklah
G Stark, Dlxon . J E Hall. Colfax
c B Wlsner. Sacto
On account of the time neces
sary In the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
A True Friend.
A friend In n<»ed Is a friend Indeed.
When ho grabs you h.y the collar
And says, "Old boy. It glv«-s me joy '
To let you have this dollar."
ASYLUM SALARY
LIST REVISED
Wages of Employes Are
Increased.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 15.— There was a
meeting at the State Capitol to-day of
the superintendents of the State Hospitals
for the Insane, together with one mem
ber of each managing board, with the
State Commission in Lunacy. In the ab-
Eence of the Governor Daniel Kevaue,
secretary of the Stat© Board of Exam
iners, presided.
The purpose of the meeting was to Re
vise methods for the Improvement of the
administration of the various- institutions.
It was rt-solved to appoint a committee to
be named later to provide a unrform sys
tem of by-laws for the several asylums.
It was also decided to form a commit lee
to bo revise the contract schedules that
articles and supplies of uniform descrip
tions shall be furnished the State lnsil
tutions, ihus giving the State the benefit
of small margins by bidders.
It was also resolved to bring about a
revision of the diet table bo that more uni
formity would be obtained in the feeding
of the inmates at the five asylums.
Quit" a discussion was had relative to
the duty of the superintendents in caring
for cases of r.current Insanity, but the
opinion was general that mu.-h must be
left In these matters to the discretion of
the medical superintendents. It developed
that much carelessness Is practiced in the
commitment of Insane patients and wry
often persons ar>- sent by county examin
ers t" the asylum without a proper show
ing or without Informing the asylum man
agers as to the peculiarities in the case.
At the afternoon session a desultory dis
cussion respecting the recently adopted
salary schedule was indulged in. Several
of the doctors and members of the Board
of Managers objected to the cut made in
the snlarieß of some of the employes.
After hearing all complaints the com
n went into executive session, and
when the doors were reopened the follow
ing changfp wre announced in the salary
schedule adopted about two weeks ago:
Beeretary to ny «li^a.l superintendent. 1100
per month with maintenance. $125 with
out. Instead of $100 flat; treasurer and sec
retary t" Board t%t Managers, $70 per
month, instead of $50: laundryman, $60 per
month, instead of $o5; female night at
tendant. $.V). Instead of $40; servant to
medical superintendent, $35 with mainte
, $50 without; servant to assistant
physician. $3.'.. instead of $20.
'!':•■ committees authorized at the morn
inpr session were announced as follows:
By-laws— Drs. Gardner. Clark, King,
and Campbell.
Revision of schedule — Drs. King. Gard
ner. Hatch, Campbell. Crane and Stew
ai is Young of Agnews and Chestnut of
Stockton.
Dietary— Drs. Gardner, Campbell, King,
Crane, Hatt h ar.d a professor of the State
University, to b< named hereafter.
CHILDREN ENTERTAINED.
■ Young Ladies of the State Normal
School Establish a Custom.
The young ladles of the State Normal
School, on Powell street, near Clay, rn
t*>rtainod about forty children yesterday
afternoon In fashion. Besides furnishing
amusement In tho way of songs, Btory
t<Ml!iiK- ami mualo, the normal students
prepared for the two-score of children a
lunch that would have made a confec
tionery establishment preen with envy.
A march, followed by a class song ren
dered by the student body, put the chil
dren at ea.^o. Miss Anita Sullivan told a
story of plants and sundry good people.
, Miss E. Carpenter enlivened the gather
■ Ing by a song, and then tho only original
female Santa Clans, Miss Ethol Parsons,
h. M th.; Ftaco for a few hrlef minutes.
ward Miss Parsons dismembered the
•mas treo of its many weighty prr-s
j ents and tho youthful hearts were made
j.glad.
The contributions which enabled the
1 young ladles of the Normal School to hold
tli.ir exercises were subscribed by some
1 of the merchants of San Francisco.
The committeo to whom the success of
' the entertainment Is due is as follows:
Ml.-s BrldffM (Chairman). Miss Roberts,
Miss Hobara, Miss Parsons, Miss Farwell,
Miss Levy and Miss Hongland.
Toilet cases with celluloid fittings, al
bums, workboxes and collar and cuff
boxes in creat variety. Good values and
at all prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market tt:' •
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Powell-6t It 6s — 122 i Powder—
Kac El Q ARSs — — California .... — 155
Sl'& Xl fe.UI 115V4 E Dynamite... 83 -
5F & SJVSb..IIS';H6 Giant Con Co. — 80' i
SKy of Cal 6».10»V» - Vlgorlt 8 S>i
F Pof A Gn...112?i — ■ Sugar—
B 1" C la(I90S). — ill Hana P C 0.... 8% Mi
H " C <>»< 1996). 11l - Maw C&3Co 94 100
Sv C 65(1312). — — tlonokaa S Co. 31Vi 31 r i
IPI 1» eg 6s. — — i Hutch 81' Co. 2i&» 25*:
3 PDr Cs 123% — KUaaea 8 <<■>. 20 —
S V Wat 65.... — I!4>* Makawell S Co 414 43
3 V "Wat ..103 — Dnomea S Co. — ' 33
S V \V4s(3dm)l(k>% — Paauhau 8 Co. 30& —
Bikton Gas 6«.y— — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks'— Al Pack Assn. 117 —
Contra Coßta... 74 1 ; — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County.. 60 — | Oceanic S Co.. bo% 9jt
spring Valley. 95 95V4 ■ Pac A F A.... 1V» -
O«i and Electric— Pan C Bor Co. — 146
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Palm Co.. 9*4 —
Cent L A P.... 5H «'i
■ Morning Session.
Board
tO Alaska Packers* Assn 117 25
100 Alaska Packers' Aesn 117 00
SO Giant Powder Con 90 00
250 Hutchlnson B i* Co 25 g7^
20 Mutual Electric Light 14 s;i,
23 ■ itual Electrlo Light 14 75'
225 Onomea Sugar Co 32 75
220 S F On* & Electric Co 64 00
SS 1" Gas & Electric Co, ■ 90 63 75
Street—
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, a 30 M 73
fIOOO 8 V Cs 114 it)
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Contra Costa Water.... 75 3714
80 Giant Powder Con 90 00
30 Honokaa 31 75
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 25 574
75 Hutchlnson S P Co. s 90 25 73'
50 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 25 75
25 Maiket fetreet Railway 61 S7>4
25 Market Street Railway 61 75
30 Mutual Electric Light 14 75
25 Oceanic 8 S Co 96 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 9S 75
10 Ooontaa Sugar Co 32 60
855 Paauhau S p Co 30 25 "
10 Pacific CoaKt Uorax Mi M
100 6 F Gas & Electric Co 64 00
11000 8 P Branch Ky Us 123 73
10 Spring Valley Water 95 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Equitable Gas 5 524
20 Giant Powder... 90 00
10 Giant Powder so 75
100 Mutual Electric Co 15 00
25 Paauhau Hugar Co ; SO 37%
20 Spring Valley Water : 35 75
JSOOO S V Water 4s (second mortgage).... 103 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — '•• '. ■ :.C
20 Contra Costa Water 73 75
10 Equitable Gas 5 374
10 Giant Powder....^ 99 50
60 Honokaa Sugar C 0.... S2 00
ICO Hutchlnson Sugar 25 75
10 Spring Valley Water 15 37^
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave J 10
100 Tidal Wave 2 15
100 San Joaquln O It D Co ! M
200 San J.«<iuin O & D Co 1 05
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 10
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 li,
100 Yukon Crude Oil Co j 20
Street—
100 Shamrock .:...,.. „ ; 300
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
600 Dominion 40 "
300 Dominion 45
200 New. Hope X 00
Street—
One-tentu Home Oil Co at $3750 per shar*
Afternoon Session. ,"••♦'*
Board—
20 Blue Goose 82 00
600 Dominion '• :.. 40 '
200 Dominion 43
200 San Lulu 6 37«
Street—
100 Caribou ».,.« 100
MINING STOCKS. <
The followlnc were the sales m th« Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
- . .Morning Session.
800 Belcher 18 200 Mexican 40
400 Best Belcher' 86 1500 Mexican 48
500 Challenge Con. 15 200 Ophlr 87
200 Con Cal & V.I 724 Ophlr 83
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 l.v» Ophir SO
110 Con Cal & V.I ::• . 200 Potosl :. M
200 Gould A. Curry 12 700 Savag* 10
300 Hale & Norc... 37 600 Sierra Nevada. SI
200 Mexican 421 200 Sierra Nevada. 50
200 Mexican 41; 400 Carters G01d... 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 1» 100 Ophlr ..- 88
800 Belcher 19 200 Ophlr 9S
600 Best & Belcher W 200 Ophlr M
200 Con Cal & V.I 77^ 600 Ophlr I 90
160 Con Cal & Va..l 73 800 Overman 11
200 Hale. & Norc... 88' 100 Sierra Nevada. 51
800 Ophlr 94! 300 Yellow Jacket. II
The following: were the sale* In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 37 IN Mexican 40
500 Bullion 04 200 Ophlr 88
200 Con Cai & Va..l 70 300 Sierra Nevada. 61
Afternoon Session.
600 Best ft Belcher 38 600 Ophir 95
50 Ccn Cal & Va..l SO! 500 Potosl IS
8000 Con Imperial .. 01 300 Sierra Nevada. 63
100 Mexican 44 1 SCO Union Con 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, December 1! 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. : Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Kentuck 01 01
Alta — 06 Lady Wash .... — 06
Andes 11 13 Mexican 41 42
Belcher 17 - lft Occident*! 13 IS
Best & Belcher 85 38 Ophlr 89 90
Bullion 03 \O4 Overman M 11 13
Caledonia 60 55jPotosl 17 18
Chollar 15 16iSavag» «... 09 10
Challenge Con. 14 16 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 66 - — ■?•* Belcher 02 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Sierra Nevada. 49 60
Con Imperial.. 01. 02 Silver Hill — 07
Crown Point... 18 17 Ft Louis — 01
Exchequer — i 02 Standard — 175
Gould & Curry 11 12 Syndicate — OR
Hale & Norc... 87 2% Union Con 80 83
Julia' — 02 Utah 06 06
Justice ;... 05 06 Yellow Jacket. 11 IS
Notice to Mariners.
SAN DIEGO BAT. BEACON LIGHT NO. IH.
Notice Is hereby Riven that on or about
December 15. 1599, a fixed white lantern light
■will ha established on the structure recently
erected In 6 feet of water (low tide), on the
northwesterly side of the channel of Pan Diego
Bay, about three-eighths of a mile southeast
erly from Fisherman's Point, In place of the
former day beacon marked "B" on Coast and
Geodetic Survey Chart No. MM.
The focal plane of the light will be twenty
four feet above mean high water.
The structure consists of a cluster of four
piles surmounted by a square lamp house,
painted black with "34 1 In white on each
side.
Bearings of prominent objects from the
structure, as taken from the above-named
chart, are: Beacon No. « light. EKE. % E.;
Coronado Hotel tower. BE. by B. 4 E.: Bal
last Point Lighthouse. B. V* W. Bearings are
magnetic and given approximately.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1»99." page 10,
after No. 4, and the "I Art of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. UM. page 12.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON.
Rear Admiral. U. S. M . Chairman.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrofrraphlo Office, V. 8. N.. Mer
chants'" Exchange. San Francisco. Cai.,
L>ecember 15. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of th« new F*rry
bulldln* was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c . at noon of th» 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, V. 8. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Btates Cntwt and Geodetle Survey-
Time? and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Sui't-rlnt'-ndent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlßslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five, minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tldo Js the nam- at both places.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 16.
Bun rise* 7:19
Sun sets 4:13
Moon sets 6:53 a. m.
O Time • Time Time Time
£ Ft. 1 Ft. — Ft. Ft.
? L W K."W 1.. W H v.-,
16 ... 3:5! J.»j 10:06— 5:19 — 1.2 ;
H W L W II W L, \V
17 ... 0:22—4.7 4:41 3.0 10:51 6.3 6:00-1.1
IS ... I:C6 4.8 5:30 3.1 11:3« 6.1 6:40-0.9
19 ... 1:49 4.8 6:20 8.1 12.21 6.7 7:19 0.6
10 ... 2:31 6.0 7:14 3.0 1:07 5.2 7:55—0.1
21 ... !■«; 5.1. 8:11 3.01 1:54 4.6 8:30 0.3
22 ... 3:43 8.1 9:11 2.S 2:42: 4.2 »:06| O.S
NOTE— In the above exposition of th» tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successlva tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
th« day. the- third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVF.
Steamer. From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
;
Thyra China and Japan Dec. 16
Columbia Portland Dec. It
Coos Bay Newport Dec. II
Empire Coos Hay Dec. IS
Homer Coon Hay Dec. li
Arcata Coo* Hay Deo. 16
A nianchard... Coos Hay Dec. 18
Wellington Departure nay Dec. 18
Albion Tlllamook Dec. IS
Aloha Tlllnmook Dec. 16
Willamette Seattle Dec. 18
Newsboy Grays Harbor Dec. 18
Aberdeen Portland Dec. 17
Newburs Grays Harbor Dee. 17
Pi m. na Humboldt Dec. li
Walla Walla... Victoria & fusel Sound Dec. 18
Corona Pan Dleiro Dec. IS
Crescent City... Crescent City Dec. IS
Bristol Departure Bay ; Dec. IS
Mackinaw [Seattle Dec. IS
Ci quill* River.. Grays Harbor Dec. 19
Peru Panama Dec. 20
Bonlta Newport Dec. 20
Jeanle Pu*et Sound Dec. 20
Matteawan* .... Tar, mil Dec. 20
South Portland. Departure Bay Dec. 20
State of Ca1.... Portland Dec. 21
Point Arena Point Arena Dec. 21
Alliance 'Oregon Ports Dec. 21
Santa Rosa San Dl.^jro Dec. 22
Samoa Hilmboldt Dec. 22
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 23
Umatilla Victoria .fe.Puset Sound Dec. 23
Orizaba Vancouver IDec. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Ealli. | Pier.
Santa Roml San Diego Dec. 18, 11 am Pier 11
Pt Arena,. Point Arena.. Dec. It, 2pm Pier I
Queen Vie & Pjtt Sd. Dec. 17. 10 am Pier »
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 12
Brunswick Humboldt Dec. IS, 10 am Pier I)
North Fork. Humboldt Dec. IS. 9am Pier 1
Coos Pay... Newport Dec. 18, 9am Pier 11
San Joee.:.. Panama Dec. I*. II m PMS3
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 18. 10 am; Pier 13
O. Dollar... CJrays Harbor Dec. IS, 6 pm,
Albion Tlllamook Dec. IK, 3pm Pier 3
Homer Oregon Ports. Dec. 18. 10 am Pier 20
A Blanch'dlCoos nay | Dec. 18, 9am Pier IS
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 2*
Corona ..... San Diego I Dec. 20. 11 am! Pier 11
Aberdeen ... Portland Dec. 20, 6pm ........
Pomona .... Humboldt Dae. 20. 2pm Pier $
New-hurt? ... Cray Harbor Dec. 2". 6pm
Am. Maru..j*hlna& Japan Dec. SI. 1 pm|PMS3
Bonlta Newport Dee. 22, 9am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Dec. 22 |
Walla Wall Vie & P*t Sd. Dec. 22, 10 am Pier 9
Tanis iW»t Coaat... Dec. 23, ;
Rtatw of Cal Portland Dec. 24. 10 am Pier M
Shipping Inielligotce.
♦ »
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 15.
Stnir Marlpo«a, Hayward. 22 days 19& hour*
from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 44 hours.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brtdgett, hours from
Ventura. ' _
Stmr South Coaat. Olaen, S3 hours from New
port. - - . -■ .
Stmr Alcazar. Cunderson. 20 hours from Port
Harford. '■ '- f V ; ,'. J . «
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, IS hours from Port
Bant Willamette. Haasen. 88 bours from Se
attle.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. SO hours from Eu
reka. " * * • •■'■ •
Stmr North Fork. Bash, tl hours from Eu-
Hr ship Otterepool, Reid, 50 days from Val
paraiso.
Dark Oakland. Ackerman, U days from Ev
er>tt
Schr J ' Epping;er, Col.strup, -40 hours from
Bowens Landing-
Schr Bender Bros, Weteael. 28 hours from
Bowens Landlnc.
Schr Nettle Low, l/ow. 6 boars from Point
Reyes.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehoola, 11 day* from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 48 hour* from
Bowens Landing. -
Scbr Martha W Tuft, Bennerwlt*. II day*
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 4S hours from
Flshcrnians Bay.
CLEARED.
Friday, December 15.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Htmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins >■. Co.
Stmr washtenaw. Ollboy, Nanalmo: B P Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson. Nanalmo: R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Bchr Mirpah, Pleraon. Ampala; C D Bunker.
SAILED.
Friday, Decemb»r 15.
Ptmr Costa Rica, Crry, Panama and way
port*.
Stmr Santa Crui. Htnkie. Ameeport.
Stmr South Coast. < >l!«en, .
Ptmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Etmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Crux.
Stmr 'Washtenaw, Gllboy. Nanalmo.
Nor itmr Tellus. Pedersen. Nanatmo.
Bktn Monitor. Tur!-.flf. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 15. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind H\V. velocity 32 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec lE— Schr C H Merchant,
for Ban Pedro; ship Darning Wave, for San
Francisco: schr James H Bruc«. for San Pedro.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Dec 13— Stmr Albion,
for San Francisco; itmr Aloha, for San Fran
clrco.
VENTURA— SaiIed D*c 15— Stmr Graca Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr Cleonw. for
San Francisco.
PORT HUAKELET-Arrlved Deo I*-Or bk
Plrat, from Port Townsen.l.
ASTORIA— BaIIed Dec IS- Stmr Aberdeen, for
San Francisco; bktn Omo«a, for Valparaiso;
Br ship Verajean. for Cape Tmrn: IJr ship
Benlcia, for Queenstown; Br ship Sierra Mi
randa, for Queenstown; IJr ship Crown
many, for Queenstown; Br ship Kirkcudbright
shire, for Queeiistown.
Arrlred Deo 15— Stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay.
1-ORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Deo 15— Bchr
Bangor. from Han Pedro.
Sailed Dec 15— Sehr Queen, for Santa Bar
bara.
ALBlON— Sailed Dec IS— Stmr Scotia, for San
NEWPORT fP)-Salled D«c 15— Stmr Sequoia.
f r Baa Francisco; schr Excelsior, fur Port
Blakeli
P<>KT LOS A NOF.l.E6— Arrived Dec 15— U 8
stmrs Philadelphia and lowa. hence> Dec IS.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec I*-Stmr Sequoia,
for .
-«AN DIEOO— Sailed Pec 15— H B M stmrs
Pheasant, for Pnn Francisco, and Icarus, for
SEATTLE— Sailed Deo H-Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Franr-lsf-i.
GRAYB HAHBOR- Sailed Dec 15— Btmr» Su
nol and National City, for San Francisco; schr
A J West, for Honolulu; schr MHancthon, for
San Franc-ism; *rhr Llllebonn*, for Honolulu:
Btmr Luella. for Pan Francisco. Deo 14— Stmr
Newburg, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE)— Balled Deo 13— stmr Arab, for
Portland.
MAXILM.— Sailed Dec Stmr Olj-mpla. for
San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN'— SaiIed D«c IS— Br ship Dal
romar. for Hull. *
ALGOA Arrived, Br ship Anealos, hoo
Auz 21
COLON— Arrived D«o IJ— 6tmr Plnanc*. from
New York
Balled Dec 13— Stmr Advanoa, for N*w Tork.
CARDIFF— Deo 14— Br ship Yaxaaa,
for Santa Rosalia.
IQUIQUE-Salled Deo Bktn Wrestler, for
Victoria.
PANAMA— Arrived Deo %— Stmr Acapolco.
hence- Nov I.
HASTINGS MlLL— Palled Deo 14— Ship W H
M.icy. for Dela?oa Bay.
HONOLULU— Arrived D*o s— Br stmr Car
marthenshire, from Yokohama: Haw schr Nor
ma. from Laysan Island: Br stmr Wyefleid.
h»nee Not 24. Dec 6— Schr Columbia, from
Aberdeen: bark Onaway. from New York; stmr
Alameda, hence Nov 13; bktn Amelia, from Port
Blakeley. Dec 7— Schr Hiram Bingham. hence
Nov 4; sctr Eric, from Seattle: schr Je»«le
Minor, from Eureka: bktn 8 O "Wilder. henc«
Nov 17: bark B P Cheney, from Tacoma, Deo
B— Stmr Msrlposa, from Sydney.
Salle-J Dec 4— Schr Eva. for Eureka.; sehr O
TV Watson, for Port Townsend. Dec s— Haw
ship Hawaiian Isles, for Royal Roads; echr
Aloha, for San Francisco; Jap stmr Toyo Maru.
for Victoria. Dec »— Rtmr St Paul, for Manila:
«trnr Indiana, for Manila; Br stmr Duk* of
Fife, for Manila: etmr Alameda, for Sydney;
Mmr Ohio, for Manila. Dec 7— Br bark Errol.
for Royal Roads: Br stmr Carmarthenshire.
for Pan T>lejo. Dec B— Br stmr Garrone, for
Manila.
Cleared Dec Bktn W H Dimond. for San
Francisco.
TOWNSVILLE— SaiIed Nov ♦— ship Tron-
Cat*, for Vancouver
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Oct 29— Br etmr
Bloemfontein, for Honolulu. Oct 31— Ship
Eclipse, for Honolulu. Nov I— Bark Alex M -
Neil, for Honolulu. Nov 2— ship Aristlde*.
for Pan Francisco. Nor S— Bktn \Vm Carson.
for Honolulu. N v !V— Br ship Clan Graham, for
San Francisco: Br »hlp General Gordon, for
San Francisco. Nov 11— Pr bark Adder«ley, for
Honolulu. Nov 14— bark Forthbank. for
Honolulu. Nov 15— Br fhlp Pharnplon. for Hono
lulu Nov 17— Pchr Golden Shore, for Honolulu.
Nov IS— Br ship Celtic Monarch, for Pan Fran
cisco. Nov l!>— ltal bark Marie, for San Fran
cisco. Nov Ger »hJp Caeierea, for Hono
lulu.
In pArt Nov Russ baric Aldebnran. for San
Francisco; Hr ship Aspic*, for Honolulu; Br
bark Berwickshire, for Honolulu; Hr ihlp
Prummulr. for Honolulu: Br hark East Afri
can, for Honolulu: Br ship Glenesslin. for Ban
Francisco: Br bark Heathfleld. for San Fran
cisco; f.ktn Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu: Hr
bark Norfolk Island, for San Francisco; bark
Sernlnole, for Honolulu: bark Snow A Bur
pes-j. for San Francisco; Nor bark Bolvelr. for
Honolulu.
Chartered to load— Br bark Calthness-shir*.
Br bark Gen Roberts. Br hark Inveresk. Br
chip Bolulutha. for San Francisco; ship Ban
galore, for Honolulu; bark Carrollton. for
Honolulu: bktn Chehalls. for Honolulu: Br bark
City of Adelaide, for Honolulu: Br ship Gal
bralth. for San Francisco: bark Empire, for
Honolulu: ship Florence, for Honolulu: bark
Gen Falrchlld. for Honolulu: bark Hardn
Brown, for Honolulu; Br bark Helen Penny, for
Honolulu: Br bark Highlands, for Honolulu;
Br ship Hllston. for Honolulu; Haw bark Him
alaya, for Honolulu: srhr Honolpu. for Hono
lulu: schr Inca. for Honolulu; bark John C
Potter, for Honolulu: Haw*»hlp John Ena. for
BUI Francisco: schr layman I> Foster, for
Honolulu; bktn Omefra, for Honolulu: Br bark
Oregon, for Honolulu; schr Prosper, for Hono
lulu; bark Sonoma, for Honolulu: ship Stand
ard, for Honolulu: Chll ship Star of B<*niral.
for San Francisco: Chll ship Star of Italy, for
Honolulu: Haw ship Star of Russia, for San
Francisco or Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Sailed Deo IS— Stmr Olympta, for
San Francisco. >
GENOA— Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Ems, from
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Dec 14— Btmr Spaarn
dam, from New York.
Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Maa*dam. for New
York.
COPENHAOEN-Salled Deo IJ-Stmr Thlnir
valla. for New York.
QUEENSTmOT— Arrived Dee 15-Stmr Ura
brla. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
f
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S'nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves Ban Franolaoo at
5:00 p. m.
DAT. WSDIfEBDAT. rEIDAT, BATUIDIT,
. ArrtTlcg In Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
rSIDAT, 6UNDAT. TUESDAT. WIDIfISDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In Ore y*ar. Pullman Palao* and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Molt
for Denver, Kansas City, Chicago and the East
6:10 p. m. ■ j
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btockton, Fresno, Hanford, VVamila-
Tulara and Bakersneld, furnishes good local
train service.
San Fraaolaco office, OS Market St.. t*l«sbofM
Main 153 i. -v«»«
Oakland office, lilt Broadway.
Paemmento office, I'll J street.
Ban Joae office. 7 Wast Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m. and 1:45 p. m !
Sundays.. COO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:11 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains
Fare.. San Francisco to Summit and Return
$1 40.
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MommL <l ', 4 J^F' Anilr ' n - s-tAWtahHi
■ j V JM I>!M-a 9 ! Ux«OU..hrvxt lability or
Iffliliri »M ljl^asefi, I^«t Manhood. Debility or
*^smCIW IT . .' refirl ' lg .- )l ' b<Ki >' an(t «'»'' «'• •<
STrTartill **'"'" ' •'■'••«»• < 10..-w.rrureav»hrn
<OUPI others fall. Try tun. Charts low.
c^HssbbSbbbK nrrtfoaranlred. flallorwrlte
i Or. J. r. 4.1880.V. B«x l»o7,b«arVaactKo;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
northern"
PACIFIC
JAILWAY
TWO TRAINS DAILY
via the
"Shasta-Northern Pacific Route."
Elegant Double Drawing-Room
bleeping Cars. Superb Dining-Car Ser-
vice and Leather Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping Cars on every train.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul
every Tuesday night This car is
nicely upholstered in leather and has
all the comforts of a first-class Pullman.
Bear in mind it's the only through car
run between San Francisco and St
Paul.
Tickets on sale r.t lowest rates to
SPOKANE. BUTTE, CHICAGO.
ROSSLAND, WINNIPEG, NEW YORK,
HELENA, ST. PAUL.
T. K. STATETER, Gen. Agt..
< 638 Market Street, S. F.
•wTTHfR^t ruini conrAHT.
(p»ctrio st%tcm.)
Trml»« li-Kt^ nail mr <lii<t (• nrrltcat
NAM >It « HCfM **.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEATB — FBOU Pi. iv ■ IS. IS?3. - .tun
•7jOOa Ucuirti. F>u!*nn, Elnlia. Taeavi]]*,
Koais:y and menmtnto .... *7>l3s*
•7iO«a bht.-u rU?rta»-DaTl3, Willows,
RtuX nhiS, Pcrtlacd ... *7tl3r
•7i3r>4 Martinez, »aalt»mon.Va!lejo. N»i^,
.. ,- ~ Calljtdca and Hinta I; si •0il5»
•Bi3oa Th" OTerlan-l Llmlted-Ocaen. Dan*
Tcr, Qaaka, C'Mcapi .. •3i!3f
•a,a»* 8»!i ,lo»«. Lhtnrora. Htocktnn.
lone. HMrainrtitn, ,-.!•,
Mnrjiiilln. ( hico. lt»l liluff . •«•■••
•»!»•* 'Mittoa. OnkiUin and Honor* . *4il3p
•!):O«* Iltjwania. Nih-aaod Way hUtloos.*! Itl3a
•»i«Oa DstU, Wrodland. Kr.'.J.u Laodtaf,
Marymllio^drovUW . •7j13»
•!>>••» AM-.rsi- I nil— Il|.ili ii ac! East a w:43«
•9:w*a Uartium, Tracy. lA'^rop. iitocktoa.
Mrrcaand t'rwno . *l*il.tp
•»«••» PortC'oaU, Kresuo, Mn|tn sod low
Ai)|«ln . ■•*••*
•IO:CO» Vuli.-j .. llar'.ln. ' avit.l Way fltarkma ••:I.lr
•ll>Uo.\llaTW3ri!n,Mleaand Wayhutiona, *3tl3r
•l*:OwM Nilrs, IJw.-mori'. HUMskton, Hacra-
mento, MeodoU, HatifoiO, ViaaUa.
Portenille »4ii3p
jj I :OOp Sacramento l:lverS!e«mFra MtOOp
«3:OOp IlßTwanl', Niks a-'. Way .-"at: 13»
•4iO«P Martinez. Haa ItAmon. Valleju,
Nap*. CaiUtoz.*, Haiitn Rosa •»■!■» 4
*4i««r It. ntcla, Va«».:ir. Harraiaent^
Woodland, Knl;Uta l^adiuc.
lUriafillr. «»r..fi •1*:4»4
•4i:jf»r sf;e^ Han . I- ■«»!.. 1 Nekton "Til**
•S:0«pllio Owl IJalted— Traer. ritnxv,
n.-lcnCt !.!. Kai:«l23 . ' r -aJ.C Ear-
bar*. l<i Anetl'H •I»i«3a
an:w#r Sneirt 1.1-. !♦«!— > 1 l"asts "Sow Or*
ltanssnd East al*»4ila
•3i»Op :kton. Mriectl. Fresno •l»il3r
•3i3Op Fresno, llakeraOeM. ManU ll»r!.»r«.
I'• Ari-l.w, I'ri.l: ;, hi PsaA
Now "inn and Eut ••ill*
*3tSop SanU V . Uo«U— Atlautlc Eipraaa
for Mi.lam and Has} ••itl»
•6:«ornajirsriU,Nilf3au.lBan Joaa •7ilr»»
toiaop Voile).. •Itillr
•oi3«>r Oriental Mill— Ojdea and Eart •liflO*
JTiOOp VaJlejo. Port Co«U and Way Sta-
tions. Jw:33r
•B>o3p Oregon and California Uxprca«,hao>
laments. MarjarlU*. IleiMtnc
Pnrtlancf. P1,,( Hniin.l and !!ank *Wll»4
COAST DITISTOa (Xarrorr (ias^e).
! (Foot fit Market Street.!
*»<■■>.« .■iiUf»ille,.-an.lrj««,l>ltr>n, '
Uoa'dci ( 'ret- k ,.' * C'niz and Way
Btatloi.3 •»*•»
fSilSr I,'eratJr. CcnterTiile. Kan Jos*, Naw
Almadeo, Feltoa liculder Creek,
Banta Cms •n't Principal Way
BUUoos 1 1 wi.vu
•lil.Tr Newark. Man Josa, Leu Cafn.v *9i3oa
tllilSp Hunters' t'iccnion. Ban Jos* and
• Way Htatloss :7ittoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
• rr«M Sal fBIICISCO— n»t •' ■«■•! itmtitiif •) —
•7:18 000 11 00*. ■. tW3 •2:03 |J;C3
•i:M t::: •c:3r.«.
rimotiuis— fi4t if Brtii»«t— 'fliOO 8:00 loom.a.
_ tl2 0a »I:C3 tS:C3 *3::3 1i.38 'ISOr.-.
(Utsr IHTIMOX .Rr..ad(.aaa;i>i.
(llilf'l ai.rl To-.tdi
|6:IO* Ooxaii View. Month Han t'ranclaeo.. fUiaor
•7:00 v Hat. .1o«n ai»l Way h'.i'loin N'«i»
Alma'lea Wetlnenlajsonly) •l:3i)r
•Bi©O)a Ran Jniie. Tras Pluoa, Hanta irns.
PaclUe Grme. l'aso Itnblcs. San
l.nii Olibro. 1 rf. I»nip<>o ami
Prl.iCii*: Way Htatluua *<ifOr
•lOt-104 flan Joss an<! Way ••-•'•■.na »«it»a
•ll::i<U San J"»a ami Way Stations *»»•!
♦•4:s3i San Mat* irniwr.o.!. Menlo Part.
I'll. i Alto, Kant* Clara, Hau Jom,
Trea Plaos. Hanta «'mx. Salinas.
Monterey and l'aelflo Orove t' 0 ' I "**
fji:i«>r San.l<>#oainl Way btatlons *?i3»r
♦ l:|.lp Han Joae ami Principal Wayßtatloss •»:!.'»»
13:00r SanJoso and Principal Way Matlons lOiOOa
•3i3Or San an<l Principal Way Stations •1115.14
•ti::tOr Sail .Toa- and V.'ay Statl..u« t*iO»*
>llt<sp San Jtw»«rnl Way S?vi.-,ns •7i»«p
A for Momiu| I* fur Afternoon
* Daily. t Sunday exeirpUd. I Sunday only.
6 Satoid&y only.
# T.ucs(l»»i aad Fildajs . c Thursdays and Bandars.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RATAEZi.
WEEK DATA— 7:23. »:CO. 11:00 a. m . 13:13.
1.00. 5:18. (SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at I.U
and 11 to p. m.
6UNDATS-I 00. 1:19. U.-00 a. m.; 1:13. I:3*.
1:00. *:t0 v. m.
BAN nAFAKt* TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6. IO. 7.50. »:». 11:10 a. m. . 13:43.
- 1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips a*
1 II and 6:85 p. m.
' 6UNDAYS-«:10. 1.40. 11:10 a. m : 1:40. 1:49. J M.
«:!5 D. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrtv*
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — — —— October 15, — — — - .
Week Sun- ISM. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 1:00 am Novato. 19:40 am 1:40 am
t:Sopm »30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:13 ana
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa, Rom. 7:16 pm (:33 pm
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor. 10:3 an
HeaMsbura;.
Lytton.
OeyservlHe.
3:10 pm 1:00 am Cloverdala, 7:JS pm ••» pia
7:10 am Hopland and
140 am UVlaa. 7:13 pm lOpa
7:10 am 10:Saaa
1:00 am Gutrnovffla. 7:15 pen
1:10 pm 1:33 pnt
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 an
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pra Glen Ellen. 106 pm 1:33 pa
7:10 am 1:00 am BebastopoL 10:40 am 18:35 axo
1:10 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pea t:t3pn>
Etacea connect at Banta Itosa for Mark West
Sprint* and White Bu!?bur Springs; at Lyttna
for Lytton Springs: at Oeysenrllfe for Skats*
Springs: at Cicverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyrille. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Ray, Lak*-
port and Bart!*tt Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
pnnss. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laur«4
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upp*r Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llarley'a.
Burkn»l!«i. SanhMrln Heights. HullvUle. Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal, WUlltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket flees. CO Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vk» gas— Ilii Parry.
Commencing October 1. 1W».
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO Mill, VAXAJTC
AND BAN RAFAEL. ~*— •,
TVfJKK DATS— »7:eo. •>»«. U:(M a. m.; 1:44,
•1:40, 5:15. 1:00, 1:19 p. m.
EXTRA TniPS-Fnr Mill Valley and Baa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at » M Slid 11:11 p. m.
BUNDATB-*«:W. •10:00. 11:30 a. m. ; lit
1:15, «4 48. 30. 00 p. m. •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT*— S:H, •«». 7:45. 1:* a. mT?
•U:JO. i.Vi. •3:40. *8 IS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays an*
Saturdays at 1:41 and 19:U p. ra.
BUNDATS-«:20. *$:40. •15:00, «il:« a. avx
•1:4). '3:13, 4:45. *<:30 p. n«.
Train* marked (•) »'art from Ban QtMßttn.
, FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAT9-S:C. 8:45. 7:55, »:4S a. naTj
11:5:.. 1:23. 1:45, 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an*
Baturdays at 7:00 and 10:29 p. m.
DAYS— ■:«(. 10:06 a. m. ; 11 08. 1:11, I*l..
1 6:00. 1:46 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way statlocaj
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way siati-
'•«■*■». Suadajs—Tpmales. and. wa£ rJUli&aj
1314
SUPERVISORS UP
IN ARMS AGAINST
ATTORNEY LANE
Resentment Over His
Strictures.
TELEPHONE ABUSES MUST GO
AL ACTION WILL BE TAKEN
MONDAY.
♦
Th* Beard Refuses to Be Blocked in
It* Proposed Reforms by the
Stand of the City
Attorney.
■ .. .
The members of the Board of Supervi
pcm. independent of party a£iilations 01
yuestions of policy, deeply resent thw poai.
ilon uUieu against them by Cay Aiu>rnt>>
J«i:.e in connection with the propottd tax
nt.ou of r.icKrl-ln-tbe-Blot telephones aj.t!
the regulation of telephone Injustices
-•:•::..■.- of the board axe abtouiuivd thai
the City Attorney, in order to impress
them w:tu itis importance iuid to yunial:
il.itii lor ajiy Inattention they may hav<
t^howii to his opinions, Intends to block
the adoption of ordinance* that are n'-'Mil
tcatly lor i&e public benciit and for t_iie
correction of corporation ttbutes.
)':i<? Uceju»«» Ct>;umuu.o •■.— i Citj
Attorney l^ano Tor ;.:- advice In ref
erence to the proposed legislation. Then
U nothing In me taw wnlch makes tius
adMctj Uii.dir.t; upon the tx^ird or whk.ii
torccs the :■■.!:•., to accept It. ThT«s li
i.otlilnj; in tlio law which compels tht
board 10 K«ek it, but since a question was
railed courtesy dictated a reference to th<
diy Attorney. Since he has acted in t*
arbitral} a manner and by Inference 11
by noUiinp more direct haa assumed tc
tie tho hand* of th« board the numbers
have determined noi to be- delayed In theii
action, They intend to adopt Uu> meas
ure* on Monday whether Mr. ]-.:.•■ sub
mits his «j;rfnlon or whether he llniis It
:. • to consume more time In dellb
eratlon.
Tho ifupervtsors are determlnej that tlw
city shall not only roap a substantial rev
enue suid that patrons of the telephone
compiuilos hhall receive that for which
ih«y pay. hut that the slanders of tele
phone aK»nts shall not go unrepudiated
The** ugeiits. of whom ex-Super\isot
Katon is the leader, hare said that the
m»-asurtp. nhlrh have already received
the unanimous support of the board, were
introduced for corrupt purposes. lns=lnu
utloiiK bare been thrown out apaln^t cer
tain memtuTF. who n<»w fed a oouble rea
fn for maklnj; their ilrst support of the
oi'iilnanrcy emphatic.
In the same way it has been iwtnted out
th:it William X. Nixon, adjuster of the
telephone company; is a .lose personal
friend and political supporter <.f Mr. I^ne.
having championed the cause of the city
Attorney in two conventions. That any
connection vhould l>e drawn between these
fact* ar.d Mr. I-ane's delay In submlitlng
hi!« opinion is obviously unjust, but it
fhows tome of tiie tactics employed by
p«-opl<-. The Supt'rvisors
have tirr.'. «.f this Kind of tnetics and do
not Intend that even the City Attorney
shall place ih^m in a false position.
They ar«» Mill eager to receive th*> opin
ion <>1 ih<- Attorney. notwlthstHtutlng
lii? strl.-tun^s upon them, but they will n<»t
wail until after Monday for the brief
They n-.-ilin- that every effort is being
made to prevent ih«m from udoptlnir the
nwa.«uns. The holiday? ar« appntachlnp.
•mi if the board Intends to do jinythlnt; It
mu!«t act «t once or li^e th« power t<. art
at all. The controversy between th«
Iw-.ard and Mr. Lane may not then rob the
city of n. mat "rial Wtiffll. Mr. Lane de
olinfvl to »,a wn yesterday or to discuss
In any way the proposal measures. He
mill n.it tarn about tho matter until he has
rendered his opinion. ;>nd he will not pay
when he will submit his opinion.
HE WAS NOT MURDERED.
BUT DROWNED HIMSELF
TFLLOW SENSATION EXPLODED
BY FACTS.
D Not a Sailor. Nor Killed
Dthan, but Took His Own
So the Jury
Decided,.
■
A yellow sensation «ns pricks and
burst yesterday at the lnque.st held by
Coroner Hill on the body of the unknown
man found In the mud under a f.oat at
the Folsom-istreot. wharf last Wednesday
morning.
The sensational story wa« to the effect
that the man was murdered about a
rrmnth ago by some of the striking mem
bers of ti:«? crew of a Russian vessel then
la ;«.n, tho sailors having struck for
higher wayes and the d«*cea.<«-d being a
"scab." I nfortunatcly tor the romance
01 pervons with more imagination than
rommiin-M'nso. the autopsy revealed the
fan that the man \va.< drowned and that
It was not a case of murder. Dr. ZabaU
who made, the autopsy, found neither bull
let wound nor n.ib <,n the body, nor any
other mark of violence. TherV were no
tattoo marks, which would have been a
corrobonition of th« theory that the man
was a xail-.r and the witnesses teatinM
that the clothing bo wore was not that
worn by seafaring men. To clinch the
matter Mill further. Navigator I ~nry
IVtenon und other sailor men testified
inn ,Z * kni "*»' th « clothesline fasten
ing the m m w.Meht to the body had been
m *lZ L' y a lanil llII(lM 'i- and that no sail o?
»«M "■"«• tied them. The iron belonged
■
"Ins of
«tml." "'*° th **"• """ "■"• ° f ">•
«"aj.ia]n Pnt*r*nn testing that th« de
f the
WILS
™,tV rf w Ml " h ", l , dlnp !! anchored » the
'•
mud. He as well iX g the other seafaring
it" the
the weight
: - r,-tr to
<
■
much easier to have thrown the Wv of?
I>.-puty «"oritner McCormlek was the
the murdor
lubber nrj.l dM not kn,,w a Pr «'^ny knot
haJf )lllph f~« the ten command' ■
"IVrhaps they .irwnM him ?o m «wh-re
fl-=e Micwt«l th« Coroner. Rarra^jrJi
•V. "and then tn,,k his bcuJy to 7hT Joar
md punk It th*r»." loat
Th<* jury returned n verdict nf suicide.
Handsotae Christmas Presents
T1 " es »rt
- pu.
■
■
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all news deal
ers', or at 77;,* Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
will he limited.
FIRE FIEND OF A HOODOO
THEATER SOUGHT BY POLICE
I J
0' San Francisco's oldest play
houses, around which is associated
many incidents of the early ''ays,
was damaged by a fire yesterday
afternoon, which left little of the
building: hut its miter walls and the
memory of its past successes.
The tire is supposed to be of incendiary
l origin
Shortly after 1 o'clock fire was dl»
< covered on the stage of the old
Push Street Theater. As poon as
, Chief Sullivan of th* Fire Depart
, ment arrived on th<» scene he appreciated
i the sorlr.usiie?s of tnr * situation and a see
| ond and a third alarm wore rung in. The
Inflammable character of the interior of
the building made the blaze an extremely
dangerous one. and had it not been for the
well-constructed outor wall of brick the
greater part of th« block, bounded by
Kearny. Montgomery, Sutter and Bush
streets,' would have been destroyed.
The firemen made ■ heroic fight
against the blaze and kept the flames
within the confines of the walla of the old
theater building. By 3 o'clock the fire
was practically extinguished. The theater
was destroyed, but the only damage suf
fered by the surrounding buildings was
from the smoke that swept through them
In clouds. The loss is roughly estimated
to be JlS.fOrt and (a fully covered by insur
ance. The following companies carry
\ lines on the theater building: Sun of
Ixindon. H*>oo; Greenwich, $3r.00;3 r .00; Westches
ter. SSSOO; Home of New York. 13000; Home
Mutual, $15nO: Springfield. (2000; a total of
«2 # >.O*i. The property is owned by the
Shields estate.
While many of the firemen had narrow
e*ca>-'s from Injury during the progress
of the fire, none of them were seriously
hurt. Extraman Rich of Engine 17 was
near -a portion of the roof when it fell
and In rushing for safety grabbed a piece
• if rapped tin, severing the arteries of his
wrist and severely slashing the fingers of
his left hand. His wounds wore dressed
by I »r. Morrison of the Harbor EfospitnL
. Chief Sullivan had a hall breadth escape
from falling through the burning roof
Into the seething furnace of flames below.
He was Htanding on the roof when he felt
it giving away beneath him and Jumped.
He was grabbed by member* of Engine 3,
Jufi as the Umbers tumbled.
Fire Marshal Towe. accompanied by sev
eral detectives, »■«.< last night scouring
th«» city for "Colonel" Stone •! ' th<- Fil
ipino cfrois. Towe is anxious to Interview
Stone, as he is Inclined to believe that he
knows something of the origin of the (Ire
In the theater. The detectives were in
structed to arrest him and lock him up
pending further investigation.
Shortly before midnight Stone was seen
walking hurriedly down Fifth street and
the Fire Marshal was at once lnforme.l of
the fact. Summoning two of Captain
Bohen's men Towe started In pursuit, of i
the "colonel." but was una to overtake
! him.
Stone. It Is said, has been piqued at Alf
Elllnghouse. one of the lessees of the
I theater, for his action in having
! him and the band of barn-stormers eject
| »d from the theater. It is Bald that he
j ewore to be revenged and even threatened
to do Elllnghouse bodily harm.
When Stone and the company of hun- '
gry Filipinos arrived here the "colonel" J
DEFENSE OF FAIR'S
CHILDREN NOT GOOD
I JUDGE TROUTT SUSTAINS MRS.
CRAVEN'S DEMURRER,
Petition for an Allowance for Main
tenance Will Now Go to Trial
on Its Merits.
For a second time Judge Troutt has
sustained the demurrers of Mrs. Nettie
R. Craven to the separate answers of
Charles I. Fair. Teresa A. Oelrichs anil
Virginia Vanderbilt. and her application
for a family allowance from the estate
'of the late James G. Fair will now be
j heard on its merits. In his opinion Judge
1 Troutt pays:
"In the separate answers offered by the '
respondents it is in effect alleged thai on ■
April 13. 1537. on the children's application
fr,r distribution to them of a portion of
the real property of the estate, it was
decreed by this court that they were the !
sole heirs of. the decedent and hence enti- i
tled to a distribution to themselves of
the whole of such property, and also that
Nettle H. Craven had actual knowledge
: as well a* constructive notice of the ap
plication for partial distribution, and had
an opportunity then to prove that she, as
the decedent's widow, was one of the
heirs, and that having then failed to as
sert any claim to such share in Buch dis
tribution she is forever bound by the re
cital in the decree declaring the" children
to be decedent's sole heirs.
"The demurrer urges that these allega
tions do not constitute a defense to her
petition. On the other side, however. It
is contended that these facts when proven
| will estop and debar th« petitioner from
TI7E SAX FK Ay CISCO CALL. " SATURDAY. DECEMBER 16. 1899.
WHERE THh FIREMEN HAD THEIR FIERCEST FIGHT.
entered Into negotiations with Elling
hou.«e to rent tlie A 1 ham bra. Stone rep
lesrnted that he had "money to burn."
and that lie intended to become the fore
most theatrical manager of the United
States. When the time came for Stone
to pay the rent of the theater he de
clared that he had lost a portion of his
imaginary wealth in a disastrous mining
deal, but promised to pay the amount on
the following day.
Kllinghouso • came suspicious and or
dered Stone out of the theater, together
with his company. Incensed at the action
of KllinghoiiFe the "colonel" uttered loud
and angry threats and procuring a bowle
knife and a pistol that looked like it had
done service in the war of the rebellion,
he started out with the fixed Intel I of
sending the theatrical manager to the
Morgue. Stone's wife, on learning thrt
the company had been thrown nut of the
Alhamhra. went to Klllnghouse and plead
ed with him to allow the "■tars" to per
form.
"II will break my husband's heart if
you don't," she tearfully remarked. "You
know he Is so wrapped up In them."
Touched by her pitiful appeal KMlnß
houae consented to allow the troupe of
dilapidated perform*" rs to occupy the
theater for one week. He confidently ex
pected that Stone would at least keep his
promise to pay the rent, but In this he
was mistaken.
About a week ago Elllnßhnuso rented
the Hush-street Theater for an indefinite
period. St« " after being ejected from the
Palace and other hotels took his company
to the Hush-street playhouse, as he had
no other place to go. They were Installed
in the property room of the theater and
proceefferl to make themselves at home.
Again Stone failed to pay the rent of the
theater, and the wandering band "was
again thrown Into the street.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday after
noon the "colonel" went to the theater
and meeting the watchman severely crif
clzed Elllnphouse and swore to be re
venged on him. He paid he was going to
asserting herself to be the decedent's
widow, and hence will defeat her applica
tion for an allowance out of the estate.
"By reference to section 14R6 of the Code
of Civil Procedure It appears that It Is
the duty of the court to make such rea-
FonaMo allowance out of the estate of a
decedent as shall be necessary for the
maintenance of the widow during the
progress of the settlement of the estate,
it if» conceivable that a decedent's estate
might ronfclst entirely of separate prop
erty and be entirely disposed of by will
to some other person other than the wife.
Nevertheless, the widow. It is apparent,
would be entitled to a reasonable allow
ance out of the estate for her mainten
ance during the period of time designated
by the statute.
'•I-Ikr-wi=r. it apprnrs to me If a widow
directly o r indlrfftly waives h.r ripht to
I share In the partial distribution of nor
i even fails
nother's claim, on an appllca
i tion for partial distribution, thai ),• is
I the <i- . ]* heir. r< t she may ap
ply to tho court for the statutory allow
-able amount fur hor tom
malntenance H ! : L m of
opinion that th<- fiornurrers should be mm
' a.s wore the Ur>t Interposed l<v iho
petitioner."
CLUB WOMEN
AT LUNCHEON
Mrs. I. Lowenberg Enter
tains 200 Guests at
the Palace.
Two hundred representative ; clubwomen
met at luncheon at the Palace yester
day afternoon, the quests of Mrs. I. Low
enberg, the president of the Philomath
Club. -- .
"The Comedy"
Thought to Be
the Prey of an
Incendiary,
Fire Marsha! Towe Is
Investigating All
the Movements of
Colonel Stone, a
Suspect.
see Jake Raver. who he claimed was his
friend and from whom be •■m-
Bufflcleni money to tni<- b:'u 0\,.-r his lin
andul difficulties.
The watchman, who the police say was
under the Influence of liquor, a few min
utes later left the thenter to ■■• •' •'• >Irlnk.
Stone was standing outside and he would
have had little trouble, so the detect lVCß
argue, to re-enter the playhouse and set
fire to it. It is known that he did not ap
pear at Raver's office until some lime af
ter the fire. He seemed nervous and de
manded pufllcient money to pay his debt*.
Raver refu-ed to let him have any money
and he at once left the place.
About five years apo Stone was em
ployed as watchman at the Maze, on Mar
ket street. He was there only a short
time when various articles disappeared as
if by mafic. Suspicion was directed to
him. and ho was taken Into custody. As
ho seemed to be mentally deranged he
was examined as to his Insanity an* sent
to the Stockton Asylum for the Insane.
Several months later ho escaped and went
to Honolulu.
I The ? rfpin of the fire Is a matter of
speculation. Madame Fabri-Mueller'a
company of man comedians had .1 re
nearsal in the th.ator during the fore
" ""• hut after they retired th • watch
men. Jan»< I lark. says that he inspected
'"** premise* and found everything in
Proper v, condition. The Filipino circus"
which has been searching for a plac« of
refuse for several days, found shelter In
tne property room of the old theater They
were " pay a certain amount for the «<■'
cominnihjtionn. but when their inanaeer
Colonel" Stone, failed to pungle they
*''?',' ,:. r( l erpll off the premises.
; Colonel Ston« interviewed the watch
man a short time before the lire broke
cut Clark loft Mm In the front nffli o of
the theater while he went to a neighbor-
IriK Faloon for refreshments. While h • was
tUAre he was told that there was a light
; In the theater, and rushing back found a
blaze raplnp on the stage. He fought it
%yitn a hope from one of the fire plugs un
til tin tire department arrived.
. The bu'hlliiK Was orlclnally the Alham-
P™ Jhf ntcr. and gained a reputation as
th« hr.n.p r.f minstrelsy In San Francises
It was there that I lly" Emeraon E>cor«d
his llrst Buct.cßscs. Later the name of the
play hrtiße was chanß^d to the Bush-
Btreet Theater, and under the manage
) ment of Charlie Hall was a theatrical
: mint. Kate Castleton made h^r hit there
with For Qoodneai Sake Don't Bay I
Told You." As far back as ISTfI Tony I'as
1 tor held the boards In the then popular
resort, and a long string of other well
known artists have appeared there. Dur
ing later years a. hoodoo hag hun^ over
the i. '«*•**. Theatrical managers who have
uru.erinken to conduct the playhouse hare
i me*, with financial failures. Everything
that «aa undertaken there went wrong
until tl.. theatrical people feared the place
and for years its doors have been closed
as a regular resort. Recently it had been
known as the Comedy Theater, wnero a
performance has been fdven semi -occa
i sionally by a company of German come
dians.
For three successive years Mrs. Lowen
ben,- has entertained the clubwomen at a
breakfast, and these affairs have come to
be looked upon as one of the delightful
features of club life.
The tables, which were set in the Maple
Hull, were arranged in the form of a hol
low souar.-. M d rone berries and groat
<wh T ( ; h D: B anthemuins made a most ef
fertuo table decoration. Seated at table
was the entire membership of Mrs. Low-
b a e ■ club, the Philomath; all the la
hif,t£V c Laurel Hall, of which club the
nnfi ,i was , President for three rears
;V"1; V" 1 rkuJ!? e *r* n A a of the Century, Soro^
nmi California. Corona. Ebell. Oakland
and ( hannlnp Auxiliary, respectively
w»T s the vcrv excellent menu the fol-
SS&!S&^?iiS5Sg5 the delightful
" aiures 01 . nn |. :
..^"^"f'' r. Mr * IjOUIB TVelnmann:
Mr. HVlun 7, T x - """"thai; •Tllrnblnsr/'
s™'m« 4 -Straw.." Mrs. Frank .T.
' •cSS*!" •• Mls H Hevneman;
3*wf« .r BucJraaJl; "Ship.."
"\Vrt.«" \f^ nX , f<> !. d: "If.- Mrs. Lov " n Wlilt,;
Mrs. Robert Mackenzie: "Tlm Djln B Century"
wm.^Ti 'ii '" A n: " Our Soldier Ban." Mrs.
F. Merrill' Harrln^ on : "Our Flag." Mr.. John
ir, Mrs * , \ y >W( 11l delivered the preet
af tSJtSSrST I*'1 *' w - iiaj&ht ° iated
!n T ?Ppltvin2. ho nss| sted Mrs. Lowenberg
hm Hoi B her quests were: Mrs Wil
liam Haas, Mrs. l Hecht. Mrs. M. J.
Hemr Mri nn > Mra ; S " Ll»«ithal. Mrs. M
Brow r n°Sn n d fe g Ch B U^n. MISS Hllda
The Man With the Hoe.
tllU^f lib|t|on - Ma «"k Hopkins Instl-
JnrJn-i d t th 5 t the study ot German is
&& n * ln Franco, while the study of
Enclish Is on the decline.
ONE MILLION IS
THE MEASURE OF
CANNERIES DEAL
Large Consolidation Is
On Foot.
BLOCKS OF STOCK ARE SOLD
♦
EASTERN MERCHANTS ARE IN
THE FIELD.
♦
Local Capitalists Are Interested in a
Scheme to Purchase Canneries
That Are Outside of the
Combine.
A deal of larjre size and of much public
ng the canning Industry of
California, If on foot. The amount in
volved Is J1.000.u00 and It may he more.
According t<> wry Kood authority Frank
S. Johnson of the Johnson-Locke Mercan
tile Company, who is at the h<-.id of the
■••■. ripttona In :he
; principally la New York and Phll
1 a. amounting to (750,000, for stock
in a. new corporation which has fur its
aim the acquisition and operation of cer
tain Calif thai are ml
side of the combine. The Information is
to the effect, however, that the subscrlp
tlonal upon securing op
tinns on certain canneries that nave not
- on ih- ir prjp
• :v.g a pri*'i- that
meets the • timatea ■'. tl
chasen k, who are principally
wholesaif gi E >me local capitalists
art- als<. reported to bf in tl.
lined all around anddi
are nit-t with in some anart*-rs, hut lie
ng Is substantially the stale of af
tairs.
Mr. Johnson will probably return fr< m
New York within the next f"rtnlght. His
irit»-r-st m the transaction I* that of a
selling agent largely. The Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company dealt largely in.
dried fruits and also In canned fruits to
nt The companlei outside of
tt •■ canneries comhlne represent a very
large output An estimm.- is made that
■ "f two of the concerns ai >n<-
is fully 1,000.000 cases. These are r •
tnpany, Limited, and
the Code- Port w«m! Company of tnls city.
In .addition to these tw< the deal takes In
mention of th«- Golden Gate Packing
pany n( fan Jose. There is no qu
! that Mr. Johns* n has placed a very la'pe
am.>\: • k In the Kast upon s>me
Private loiter? have been re
ceived htie fn.m agents of the canning
companies mentioned in which nanaes of
some purchasers are male known. Th*>
first effort of the deal, If it Is final
II bo that practically all ihe
canning business of the State will be un
d-r til* control of two cone: .is. the pres
ent combine and the new ore to be
tormed.
At the office of the California Canneries
Company yesterday denial was made that
an option had been given to Mr. Johnson
for the purchase of the company's prop
erties, verbal or otherwise, but knowl
edge that a deal was being attempted was
admitted.
•HOBOES' BECOME BURGLARS.
Two Convicted by Judge Mognn of
Having- Burglars' Tools in
Their Possession.
Willam Harris and Fred Turner, who
were arrested late Wednesday night at
Fell and Filbert streets by Policemen
Carrier and O'Connor for having burg
lars' tools In their possession, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday. They
were acting suspiciously, which fact at
tracted the attention of the officer? and
when they were searched each had a
piece of iron shaped at the point like .1
"jimmy.
They are genuine specimens of the
'hobo, and when the Judge asked them
what they were Intending to do they
frankly admitted that their object was
burglary. "We were hungry.' said Har
ris, "and had to do something. We found
the pieces of iron on the water front and
went out on the cars to look for a suit
able place to break Into. After wandering
around we thought it was sinful to take
other people's property and were on our
way back to the water front when the
officers arrested us.**
Harris Is from Minneapolis and Turner
from Illinois. They mm on a brakebeam
between Portland and this city. The Judge
did not believe their tale of being hungry
and their sudden conversion and ordered
them to appear for sentence this morning.
Best pla^e to get your klovp orders Is at the
Factory. 121 Grant aye. Danlrh^ff and Ffdora. •
DANGEBOUS ARC LAMPS.
A Severe Shock Received Through a
Steel Umbrella Handle.
Thomas A. Belfrldge, a marine enfrlneer.
has sent to the Hoard of Bupenriaora a
communication calling attention t<> th.
dancer arising fr-.<m h« ng f ng arr i amps
too low over the s!. '..walk. This h»
state.-, endangers l'f.- every day. .■.■•:
ly wh.-n it is raining, in support ..f this
assertion he recited the experience ..f a
gentleman who was severe!) shocked on
Market street, near Fifth, on Thursday
evening. The man whs attracted i>y a
gaudy show-window and approaching he
hold his umbrella, which was open ■•v.-r
his head t<. keep off Hi*, rain, The st-ei
■.me In contact with an .-ir<- lipht
and its owner was knocked out in an in
stant.
It took some time for him to recover
and Mr. Belfrldga >taios that had th.' full
! " ; ' the electricity reached the man
it would have killed him. It happened
that at the time he was huldlne the pro
n over his head only a part of the
thumb came In contact with the iron rod
the rest of the hand grasping the wooden
handle. Mr Belfrldge requests the Snner
visors to jrive this matter their at:.
and amend the tire ordinance regulating
the distance of arc an.l nth.>r electric lieht
lamps and wir.-s from the sidewalk
If ynu have n*vpr tasted Jp»m Moore "AA"
whiskey, try it and !«• .-onvinced.
Identified as Thomas B. Brown
The body of the unknown man. who ex
pired suddenly in a saloon at the corner
of Post and Mason streets last Tuesday
morning, was identified at the Morgue
yesterday by Mrs. Ella McFadden 601
Post street, who had rented a room to
him, as Thomas B. Brown, who was em
ployed during the summer as Bton
In h lumber mill in Pretno County W
came to this city about two months ago
and had been drinking heavily ever 'since
hi? arrival.
Dr. 7>abala the autopsy surgeon, found
that death had been caused by tubercu
losis of the lungs. The deceased was a
native of England. 44 years <ld and un
married.
Lincoln's Violet Tea.
A lar*e number of the friend- of Lin
coln Relief Corps No. 3. of the Woman's
Relief Corps. G. A. R.. attended the violet
tea given by the members for the benefit
of their fund for the sick soldiers of the
Mvll war who come under their care The
function was in the California hall of the
H'ne IVrith building, which was prottilv
decorated In violet, and the num*nv,,"s
tables were laid with violet clothe and
on each was a va.«e of fragrant violets
The tea was ««ervr,| fa t (ll , Hi on , vn)( . h
were palnte.l nr« I vloletn. The affair
was conducted t>\ Mrs. I>.>t s Mortimer
the president: assists h y Mrs. Mlna Shel
don. During the afternoon Mrs X Cook
pave a piano recital; Mr?. Mortimer *anc
a ballad and Miss XoiHe Howlln enter
tained with topical snriKP
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
Hales.
ijji^ what are words at Christmas time? you (m>i '
Msl must see our toys and prices to appreciate XJjO^-r"
H> r them? this is a big store, full to overflowing tfgg^.
W~s with all sorts of Christmas things; and no rife?-'
js^il matter which way you turn, it will greet you fffl*ffi}
Xi * with cheerfulness, worthiness and practical ■OS
!\$ l remember— children's day to-day. pi
|r>l 935-947 Market st. WBff f .
— - — — — ■ — •
5 CHRISTMAS GIFTS
%f ARTISTIC CALENDARS
WEDGEWOOD WARE &
fir VIENNA NOVELTIES
%L STYLISH CORRESPONDENCE PAPERS
FINE LEATHER GOODS
ty W I P DAf 1^ C H'C "7«9POSTST
•Jf^ V^ l\ Vy V^ l\ Ll\ k3 215 219 BISH ST
v!^ OPEN EVENINGS, commencing December 18
EXTRA SESSION
PROCLAMATION
IS POSTPONED
May Not Be Issued
This Month.
»
RESULT OF THE CONFERENCES
»
NEW FORM OF AGREEMENT IS
DEMANDED.
«
Governor Gape chanced his plans and
left the city for Sacramento on the Ore
gon express at I o'clock Thursday even-
Ing. Several politicians v.-: had expected
to see him and talk on extra session topics
were disappointed when they ascertained
that he had gone to the capital. Two con
ferences were held Thursday, and at tho
second one. which took place after 6
o'clock In the afternoon. It was decided
that the extra session should not be called
before the middle of January. The pro
gramme in this respect is open to revision.
The enthusiastic advocates of the special
session still insist, however, that th. Gov
ernor will issue the proclamation without
delay.
Within the past week D. M. Burn* has
stated positively to his contldentiul i>up
porters that he would not accept an up
pointment ad United Btali Sc.iator even
if the Senate fhould decide to admit Mr.
Quay of I't-nnsylvania.
Burns' thirty supporters have not yet
signed the agreement for the extra ses
sion. Many Senators and Assemblymen
who are not opposed to an extra session
declare against the pledge which had been
presented for signatures and which sev
eral members have signed. The aim baM
legislators who have not signed any pa
per want a caucus of the whole Republi
can membership of the legislature, and
they desire a provision against secret bal
lot in caucus.
Tho Call ascertains that tha opposition
to the election of Burns Is now stronger
than it was on the day the regular ses
sion adjourned. Assemblyman iluber Is
said to be the only recruit that Burn has
gained since last winter. It is not even
surf that Burns fa Huber'a first choice.
Men- who wagered and lost ler^e Bums
of money last winter on the proposition
that Burns would be elected Senator have
lost betting confidence. One of the heav
iest losers remarked yesterday that Hums
developed his • Mr.' strength at the regu
lar session, and that the tifty-slx anti
railroad members were masters of the sit'
uation.
Senator Thomas Flint left the city yes
terday for his home at Ban Juan, Sena
tor John F. Davis of Jackson also left
town for home yesterday morning. Sena
tor Morehouse has returned to Santa
Clara County.
M> IT TO EASTERN FUII'NDS.—
'in. Cbrlatmai \\ asp. illustrating the
i ast, present and future of th>- I
Coast. 92 i ■ nts. Now on sale. •
HIS CRIME WAS MURDER
IN THE SECOND DEGREE
Jury Returns a Verdict of Guilty
Against George
Tanner.
George Tanner, who shot and killed J.
B. Brown and Mrs. Fannie Barnes last
August In a lodging house on Folsom
Btreet, was found guilty of murder in the
second decree last night by -j. jury in
Judge Dunne's department of the Superior
Court. The defendant will be sentenced
January 6. 1900. The case has been on trial
since last Tuesday. Tanner male the de
that h.- had killed his victims to
save his own life.
It was shown that he was madly infatu
:it.il with the woman, Fannie t
was d.sperately Jealous when be foun-1
that Deputy Sh.TifT Krown had w i
affections. He went to the St. IU
tel, ."J'3 Folsom street, to remonstrar
Brown, when, according to the testimony.
I'.r. iv\n set upon him. He drew hit* re
volver and In the fight ahot both Brown
and the woman.
Dr. Parker* • Couch Cure. One dose will stop
a couch. Never fall*. Try It. All drucstata. '
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Freda A. Holt from Frank If. Holt on the
ground of willful neglect, Charlotte Clark
from Joseph Clark on the ground of de
sertion and Emellne A. Morton from Per
clval B. Morton on the ground of failure
to provide. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Mary c. Algren against Andrew
Algren for Intemperance. Grace I. Hen
♦■sey against Walter J. Henesey for fail
tire to provide and Annie C. Walsh
against Thomas K. Walsh for failure to
provide.
A Pose by Nance O'Neil.
The Christinas Wasp Is out with
ninety-two pagrs of fine pictures and let
ter press descriptive of the past, pres
ent and future of the Pacific Coast. l
eclipses anything the Wasp has hitherto
done in the" pictorial Inc. Nearly every
thing of Interest on the Pacific Coast Is
Illustrated, it Is an admirable publica
tion to send to Eastern or foreign friends
to give them some conception of the won
derful resources of the Pacific Coast. The
number contains a double-page cartoon
representing "San Francisco Hitting by
ihc Golden Gate Receiving the Tribute of
Hales.
tho Orient." Nance O'Neii po?ed for 8w
Francisco in her best style and the Orient
Is represented by a croup of typical na
tives photographed from life. It is printed
in black, red and gold, and makes a. most
striking picture.
CNCO**O*ATC9 atuSSf I Is* «sW WSSm
Saturday's and Monday's Specials !
GRANULATED!^ SUGAR, Si $1.00
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER.... 4Sc
Finest In th» city. Regular esc aouar*
EXTRA !;;■"■_ BUTTER 40c
Rerular Me *quar«.
PETALUMA ; Hl^ EGGS 30c
GuaranteKl. ReruUr 43c dox»n.
EASTERN Sugar-Cured HAMS, I2ic
Guararteed tCS Be*t. Rcrular Uc lb
Best Table Fruits, 2i- |b T£ $2,00
In llea\*y Eyrupt. Rerular $: Aozin
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP- ■£? 25c
Genuine Im:^rte.l. Regular We
FINEST OLIVE OIL, i-gal can, $1.15
ImrortM From Te»rar.a. Italy. R#» |l V>
BEST %2S TOMATOES- •.„•,. 25c
Fontana Columbus lirand. Rerular V)c
PORT, SHERRY, Angelica, Gal 95c
5 Tear* Old. Rejrular II 10 rallon.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKY-. 95c
Imported From Belfast. Rrgular tl M.
Rye and Bourbon Whisky, gal 52,50
< Year* Old. Medicinal L**e. «:»ru:ix I) f-0.
ZINFANOEL, Vintage 1893, gal
Rcrular T'.c gal.
COMPLETE HOLIDAY SUPPLIES.
Chii*tai«s Tre« Ornament* at R«<!uc«4
Price*. Call on us and *ava money
1848-1854 M«rket Street.
Opp 7th. Phone 8. 232. No Branch Stores.
Mo n no i
SFURS!
Sealskin Jackets. . .$125, $151, $225
Genuine Mink Capes. .£(s and up A
Neck Scarfs ....$2 and up
Collarettes $5 and up
Electric Seal Capes, with As-
trakan yokes or plain . $[| and up
River and Russian Mink Capes
• $15 and up
r
Fox Boas and Scarfs. .$l9 and up
r
ALBERT HOEFLICH,
116 GRANT AYE.
OPEN EUENINGS.
Come Just to Look
Prettiest
Chioawart
Croclter>
Glassware
Lamp*
Ornament*
No*eltle«
Clock*
LOWEST PRICES
Come Just to Look:
Great American Import^ Tea Col
Central 210-212 Grant avc,
Stores : Bet. Suttcr and t»rmt«t*.
801 Market St.. opp. Powell.
52. Market St., foot California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
DIIDTIIDr-"-"^ 1^ '
UUI IUULSssfiS
k« it. B.a FriMuJfc