VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 62.
HOT BATTLE
WITH ENEMY
Seven Americans Were Killed and
Twenty Wounded During Sun
day's Fight at Caiamba*
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
MANILA. August 1. 9a. Sun
day's fight at Calamba was a
warm one. The Insurgent
were unwilling to abandon th
place, which is the bey to the
Lake road. General Hall, hearing that
General. Mall ar was preparing to make
an attack sent Major Woiser.berger
with three companies of the Twenty
first Infantry, three troops of cavalry
and one of Hamilton's guns to attack
the insurgents.
This detachment found a force of 1000
rebels behind hastily made intrench
ments. The rebels held their tire tint
the contingent of theTwenty-firslßegi
ment was within 300 yards, when they
fired a volley. The Americans dropped
in the high grass out of sight and re
turned the fire.
Lieutenant Love, who war-* walking
erect along the front of the men, was
shot in the arm. An insurgent officer.
equally brave, stood at the top of the i
trenches directing the lire of the insur
gents until he was killed, when the
Filipinos fled.
During the fighting on the north side
of the town a small body of insurgents
attempted to enter on the south side,
but a troop of cavalry repulsed them.
The total American loss at Calamba
was seven killed and twenty wounded.
Sixteen dead insurgents have been
»
The American garrison at Morong Is
going I.- Calamba.
A body of insurgents has visited
Taytav, where they killed several na
tive? who were friendly to the Amer
icans.
HOW THE WAR WILL
AFFECT POLITICS
WASHINGTON, July 31.— Senator j
Burrows of Michigan in an interview
with a Post reporter this afternoon
said:
It is my judgment that if the war in ]
the Philippines is still in progress next :
year and the end is not thru In sight the j
situation will be to the disadvantage of j
the Republican party. The only hope for;
the party and the country, I might add, i
Is In a speedy change of conditions In the j
Philippines: Unless the war in the Phil- j
ippfnes speedily ends it. will become an !
important political fa. tor. and its <*on- t
tinuance will make the outlook for Repub- j
Ih-an sin-cess uncertain, to say the least, J
lf 1 could have had my way we would :
have .-imply taken a coaling station <v- a
base of supplies in the and 0X1.u7.0n: I
v r w.--;!'ei Tro-, &&£« had for pay a prnny v ,
Spain, and we won].; have our foothold in j
the East without the sacrifice of life and
money. I believe in finding new markets j
for our people. We are the greatest pro- >
dui-ers the worlel has known, and the
Orient doubtless offers us a great ippor- j
tunity. No inne yet knows what .sibili- j
ties are. to be afforded lev China, which
sterns now to he iggering to her fate.
If there- is to be a great development in
that direction I certainly want th- United j
States to have a share. At the same time
we must not e.verlook the fact that we
may run counter at any moment to Eng- j
land: France or Germany.,' and I believe
that England, now apparently so friendly.
will strike at us the moment we cross her
threshold. More- than .hi--. 1 say frankly ,
That if our participation in the '. stern
trade is to be purchase at the cost of
an indefinite war in the Philippines; we
r,ive rd> ir what we re- ]
The. President is acting wisely, in ray ;
opinion, in endeavoring to restore peace ;
and order in the Philippines hy sending
an increased army to assist Oeneral Otis. .
It is to he -sincerely hoped that fresh i
troops will he able to establish the au
thority of the I'nited States. We must I
remember, however, that although we j
have now been lighting some time ;
we have oonejuereel a territory only about
•fifty miles to the north of Manila and
fifteen miles t.o the south, a mere baga- I
telle compared with the immense area I
e.f the archipelago. If the additional
troops sent te. Oeneral Otis cannot restore
peace. Congress will have to deal with the |
prohlem. ought, to have by the Ist Of |
December some definite information upon j
which to act. For the present. 1 hope the |
President will continue in his effort to:
end the trouble and that his efforts will!
be crowned with success. Victory for j
the Republican party next year will he !
made more certain by the success of our
arms in the Philippines."
"Yon would not now abandon the Phil- j
ippines?" -:
"1 do not _;ee how we can do that now. !
We cannot surrender our ships tei Aguin- :
aleio and say to lii tn that he can murder I
our soldiers. Now that we have com- j
menced: the only thing, we can do is to |
end the conflict as soon as possible. After. |
this is done the question of -the disposition i
of the islands or their permanent reten- i
tlon rests with the people and with Con- I
gr< pp.
EXPLORERS BELIEVED
TO HAVE PERISHED
"Went to Brazil and Have Not Been j
Heard Of for Over a
Year. ;
KANSAS CITY, July 31.- A party of ex- ,
plorers. headed by two Kansas City men.
Weldon E. Williamson and Marcus K. ]
Kirk, in which was Alfred Greenfield of '
V ton. Kans.. which left this city in j
March, IS9B, and have not been heard :
from since June, 189S] is now believed to j
have, been exterminated by a hostile tribe j
of Indians in the western part of Brazil] j
whither it went in search of great rub- 1
ber forests in the Interests of Kansas ,
City capitalists. '••'--
Secretary Hay of the State Department j
has notified the United States Consuls In j
Buenos Ayres. Rio Janeiro and other
South American capitals to make Imme
diate and thorough investigation and re
port'all results at once. L. B. Price of tnis
city, who furnished the financial backing
feir thi expedition] has sent Frank Green
field, lire brother of one of the lost men,
to make a search]
While Mr. Price is not willing to be
lieve the members of the party have per
ished, he . - very anxious about them.
A letter received here to-day from Mrs.
Edwin R. Overman of Salisbury. N. <' a
Bister of Mr. Williamson, gives her belief
thai the men have been killed. Mrs. Wil- ;
liamson, who went to Brazil a year ago
to hunt for her husband, has returned to
this country and now believes him dead.!
as does Mrs. Kirk, who is now in Chicago
with her parent s.
PLAGUE IS AGAIN
RAGING AT BOMBAY
The Monsoon Season Has Closed and
the Prospects Are
Ominous.
NEW YORK, July SI.— A Sun cable from
Bombay say?: The plague is raging at
Poona. where in the last forty-eight hours
there have been fifty-nine 'new cases and
The San Francisco Call.
' fifty-six deaths in the city, and In the
I cantonment SOI new cases and 261 deaths,
r In the city the fresh cases include Mac
. j lad of the" Bombay Lancers. Miss Ogor
man and Mr. and Mrs. Stephens. Miss
I Hartley, who was attacked on Wednesday,
jis dead. Thf meteorological conditions
. I Indicate the close of the monsoon, and
• the prospects are ominous.
j MRS. THORNTON ARRESTED. j
■ Charged With the Murder of Her
Husband.
WEBB CITY, Mo., July "1. -Mrs. John
I Thornton was to-day arrested on a war
j rant charging her with killing her hus-
I band, a well-known mining engine-
i whose body was found yesterday two
PS -«-. *"■»- F*"- r*a pv f-*a .-sa --- •-"■ i—-» ■--— >— - c— ' — ' — ■ . r ....
CHEERS REDOUBLED AS THE TATTERED FLAGS WENT PAST.
 . , _.i*v. cv,__
miles southeast of this place with the ,
head nearly severed from the body.
Mrs. Thornton left her husband a year !
ago and had threatened to kill him. Once ,
.-he shot nt him on the street.
KILLED BY AN EXPLOSION.
Threshing Machine Engine Blows Up
and Kills Seven Men.
DETROIT, July 31.— A special to the
News from White Cloud. Mich., says: A
threshing machine engine exploded to-day
near Rig Prairie. Charles Haight, Alpha
Haight, Charles Crabtree. George Over
ly, Cecil Priest and Raymond Howe were
killed. Oscar Evans and George Halght;
were severely Injured.
POPE WILL PROTEST.
Objects to the Exclusion of the Vati- j
can From Peace Conference.
LONDON. August I.— According to the
Rome correspondent of the Standard the
Pope is about to send a Utter to the
Bishops of Belgium and The Netherlands
protesting against the exclusion of the
Vatic in from The Hague conference and
the refusal of permission to the Pope to
give adhesions to the protocols of the con
ference. _
New Coaling Stations.
BUENOS AYRES, July 31.— According to
advices received from Magellan Strait the
American Minister at Santiago, chile, has
definitely purchased various Islands of the
Wellington archipelago with the object of
establishing coaling stations.
Big Blaze at Holyoke.
HOLYOKB, Mass.. July 31.— Fire to
night gutted the four-story Whiting build
ing, on Main street, entailing a loss of
$4iV>ooo. The building was occupied by the
Parsons & Green Company, manufactur
er.--. ♦ _ ".;:.;
Sir Philip Mansfield Dead.
LONDON. July 31.— Phillip W. Mans
field, who was Mayor of Northampton in
1892 and who represented Northampton in
Parliament in the Liberal interest from
IR9I to 1895, is dead, aged 80.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1399.
MASSACRE
OF WHITES
BY YAQUIS
Mexican Indians Slaying
All the Settlers They :
j^r Come 7 Across.
THOUSANDS^ ARMS
*' ,' ' ♦/' —:-"-y-.- >'
General' Torres \ Mobilizing Troops
for a War of Extermination
y ■ Against the Reds.;
i
! —
Special Dispatch to The Call. . ' ,
ORTIZ, July 30.—Any doubt that the
Yaquis are on the • warpath in deadly
earnest was dispelled when a courier
arrived to-day with news of the killing
of several Americans and Mexicans at
points In the central and lower Yaqui
valleys. The courier says the Indians
are waging a bloody war upon all set
tlers and that he has positive evidence,
of the slaughter. J. F. Remley. a mer
chant of Hermosillo, and E. Miller, a
photographer in his employ, both
Americans who were traveling through
the small settlements in the valley, are
among the killed.
The victims were surprised and shot
down without quarter. The entire coun
tryside is in terror and people are flee
ing from pueblos and mining camps to
the settlements. It is estimated that
from 2000 to 3000 Indians are in arms.
This does not represent their total
fighting strength, however, for several
thousand are working in the larger
towns, and these send their earnings to
the braves in the field and thus furnish
sinews erf -war.'
The outbreak is a surprise to General
Torres, who subdued the' Yaquis in
May, 1887, after a hard campaign of
more than two years. He was at the
Yaqui capital, Torin, only a few weeks
ago and discovered no indications that
the hatchet was being dug up. The
general is now in the field with the
Twelfth regiment, and other troops are
being mobilized as rapidly as possible.
Colonel Kosterlitzky, formerly of the
United States army, is gathering troops
at Magdalena. 220 miles from the scene
of trouble, and will reinforce General
Torres. A battle is expected in a few
days. ;'.}»-* '■?'
It is impossible to estimate as yet the
number of whites killed, inasmuch as
the- Indians are devastating a wide
stretch of country. .
At the signing of the treaty of Tin
two and a half years ago General
Torres told the. Yaquis that another
outbreak would mean a war of exter
mination. Torres was in earnest and a
bloody reckoning may be expected.
FROM TRANSPORT TO CAMP
THROUGH CHEERING CROWDS
Royal Welcome for the Men From Utah and Nebraska
Returning From Manila.
Cheers and Flags and Tooting Whistles Mark the Progress of the
7 ' Volunteers to Their Last Military Home at
the Presidio.
f --jHERK were more flags, more
7 "; cheers, more whistles and more
- enthusiasm yesterday as the
1 Nebraska men and the Utah
men marched up Market street
on their way to the Presidio. There
were thousands of welcomers on the
wharf and 'there were thousands more
along the "line of the parade. There
was a whistle going wherever there
was a factory or an engine of any
kind. and _ the steam blown away in
adding to tire din would carry the sol
diers back again to Manila, did they
wish to go.
The troop? left the transport at • 9
o'clock and?"- formed on the- dock,- the
regiment in front and the two batteries
of artillery in the rear. The escort
sent from the Presidio formed on East
street and waited for the word. When
it came .-arid the newcomers marched
out of the dock those around the en
trance gave a ringing cheer and it was
taken up and whirled along the. water
front by the lines of watchers. until the
steamboats and factories joined in the
chorus to swell the boisterous greeting.
Down East street to Market, out Mar
ket to Golden Gate avenue then to Van
Ness and then out Lombard to the
camp the men passed through almost
unbroken lines of people, and every one
was cheering and every second one had
a flag which he waved vigorously upon
the least occasion. The ladies of the
Red Cross Society were at the wharf,
and they gave each man a bunch of
flowers to decorate rifle or hat or
blouse or haversack.
The battle flags were there, too, and
their progress up the street could be
followed by the renewed outbursts from
the crowds as they caught sight of their
tattered folds. The regimental flag of
the Nebraskans is little more than' a
shred and their national colors are
worse; the guidons of the Utah bat
teries are torn to ribbons, and the col
ors in all of them are faded and dim.
But the men are 'very proud of them
and they will hold the place of honor
among the treasures of the States from
which they came.
The mascot of the Utah batteries
marched with his comrades, proudly
bearing the silver cup the batterymen
had won on the baseball field at Ma
nila. There was a tournament held by
teams from six of the regiments and
the Utah men won the trophy. The
mascot is Robert Donohue. a lad of
twelve years of age, who has been With
the batteries since they left home a
year ago. "He was in three battles with
the troops, one at .San Fernando and
two at the waterworks, but he came
out of them all unscathed. .../ ;^i
The part of the parade that created
the greatest sensation was the line of |
ambulances carrying the men who
were not able to stand the long walk
from the wharf to the Presidio. There
Were ten of them, all filled with pale,
emaciated soldiers, some with crutches
beside them, some with heads band
aged, some with their arms in slings
and all showing plainly in look and at
titude what the island war is costing.
The sick men were cheered to the echo,
and they livened up and cheered back.
Men shouted words of encouragement
to them and women broke past the po
lice and threw* flowers into the ambu
lances, and all along the line the course
of the hospital wagons was. one of tri
umph.
[ At the corner of Van Ness avenue
and Bush street the troops were re
viewed by General Shafter and Gover
nor Poynter of Nebraska, ' and then
after reaching the Presidio they were
drawn up in line on the inner parade
ground and the Governor addressed
them briefly and gave them greeting.
He referred to their brilliant work and
their uncomplaining obedience and he
ended by' declaring that Nebraska was
proud of her sons.
The troops were reviewed once more
Governor Poynter, Adjutant General
.Barry of Nebraska and Adjutant Gen
eral Charles S. Burton of Utah. The
Utah men lined up with the Nebraska
men" and marched past the reviewing
officers with them. -v7^ ;-.V" :
The men .were then marched at once
out to the camp where as quickly as
'possible. they were assigned to quarters
and the work of preparing dinner was
commenced. They marched up from i
the transport in heavy marching order
with this exception— the Utah men had
no arms. They left their guns and re
volvers In the Philippines with the men
of the Third Artillery, and they car
ried only their blankets and haver
sacks. Each man had one meal in his
haversack to guard against letting the
men go hungry should anything delay
the commissary department, but there
was no delay except from the late ar
rival of the troops and before 1 o'clock
the mess call was sounding merrily
down the company streets.
Ths Nebraska Regiment has been as
signed to the tents adjoining those of
the Oregon Regiment and the Utah
men have been put on the hill over
looking the camp on the old parade
ground. They were not long in settling
; themselves in their new quarters, and
m— tea tea lea tea fen te] fc» >■__■ SB MB Js_3 6__k
by the middle of the afternoon the camp
was in fairly good running order, lines
of men were coming and going to and
from the straw pile and there were few
who did not sleep last night upon a
well-filled mattress.
So far no programme for the govern
ment of the troops has been outlined,
but it is certain that they will be given
the fullest liberty. There was a small
guard set yesterday afternoon, but it
had not much in the way of duty to
perform. To-day the men will be told
what they can do and what is forbid
den.
The work of mustering out the men
from the Hancock will take three weeks
anyway. The Utah batteries may be
finished inside of two weeks, for on the
way over Major Grant had his officers
prepare most, of the necessary papers
and they are ready for the mustering
officer now. Besides there will be very
little in the way of ; a property settle
ment in the case of the batteries, for
they left most of their property with
the military establishment in Manila.
Every one of the men is loud in his
praise of the way in \ which they have
been received and loudest of them all
is Governor Poynter. He is going back
to Nebraska probably this evening and
he declares he will make a most flatter
ing report of the .homecoming of the
regiment when he gets there. "I will
say to the people of Nebraska," he said
yesterday, "that the men could not
have been more heartily welcomed had
they belonged to this city instead of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
back in Nebraska. It was the greatest
welcome I have ever seen and we are
all grateful. I will say at home that
the regiment is well and that the men
are bearing modestly the fame they
have won. As for myself, I have none
but the kindest thoughts of San Fran
cisco. I have been shown every cour
tesy by the city officials, by the army
officers and by the business men. I
have been given every assistance I
could need and I shall always be grate
ful for the way in which our beloved
regiment and myself have been received
by the people here."
Adjutant General Burton of Utah ar
rived Sunday evening. He came to be
on hand when the batteries landed and
to consult with Major Grant on how to
get the men home. "We will not let the
batteries be scattered," said he yester
day. "Our boys have done too well to
allow them to break away from each
other now. We will bring them home
together and we will give them a recep
tion at Salt Lake that they will long
remember."
All the men who came in Saturday
night have been provided with warm
clothing. The Nebraska men. in addi
tion to heavy underclothes which they
drew while on their way here, will be
furnished with a chest protector apiece,
the chest protectors having been sent
out from home by their own State.
The Utah men have also drawn heavy
clothing, so there will be no increase of
the sick list from cold or exposure.
Every tent has a stove and there is
plenty of coal, every men has a good
blanket and a straw mattress can be
had for the filling of it: there is plenty
to eat and there is nothing to do but
rest, so the life of the troops from now
until they start East should have but
the one care— to see their native States
The Nebraska boys owned the Orph
eum last evening and will continue in
control to-night and to-morrow night.
Owing to the exertions of the citizens'
executive committee the entire regi
ment will see the splendid entertain
ment provided at this popular house.
Yesterday afternoon a representative
of the citizen?' executive committee
i and a representative of the Orpheum
went out to the Presidio and presented
Colonel Mulford with 469 tickets for
last night's performance. Of these
nineteen were for the officers and 350
were distributed among the men of the
regiment and 100 among the members
of the Utah Battery. This afternoon
i 454 tickets will be distributed among
the soldiers and to-morrow night all
who have not seen the performance will,
be made welcome.
The soldiers thoroughly enjoyed the
programme last- night and there were
so many encores that it was late before
the last number was given. A section
in the center of the house had been re
served for the men and when a num
ber pleased them a thunder of applause
went up from that quarter that set
everybody else applauding. After their
year's service in Manila a night in the
Orpheum seemed like fairyland to the
war-worn soldier boys. After the en
tertainment they returned to camp sat
isfied that they are really and truly
home again and that there are some
I pleasures left in life after all.
TRANSPORTS GOING NORTH
The Morgan City and the St.
Paul to Sail for Seattle.
As soon as they can be made ready the
transports Morgan City and St. Paul will
leave .'this port for Seattle, where they
will take on the Third Cavalry, which is
under orders to sail from that place for
Manila They will leave for the north
within a week. The St. Paul will have to
be reehartered for the trip. The transport
Indiana will sail to-day. ' .'>■ ■■-—' .'■..'
Captain A. C. Ducat. Twenty-fourth In
fantry recently appointed aid on General
Shatter's staff, arrived from Honolulu on
the City of Peking last Sunday. He was
on his wav to Manila on one of the
transports "when the order assigning him
to duty on the general's staff intercepten
him at Honolulu. He commenced his du
ties yesterday.
James A. Doyle of Company D of the
Oregon regiment, who died in the general
hospital at the. Presidio last Sunday morn
ing, was buried in the Presidio cemetery
yesterday. His own company furnished
the pallbearers and the escort.
Fifty men of Troop F of the Sixth Cav
alry, stationed at the Presidio, will start
to-day for Yosemite Park to do garrison
duty during the summer. The detach
ment will be in charge of Captain Wilcox,
the troop commander. -"-.. -"' ■■':
Acting Assistant Surgeon Carl H. An
sen. Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert
J. Mi-Adorv and Acting Assistant Surgeon
C. H. Steams have been assigned to duty
on the transport Indiana.
Misses Caroline L. Danford and Mar
garet H. South, contract nurses, have
been ordered to Manila on the transport
Indiana. They arrived in this city too
late to take passage on the Ohio.
Private William H. Porter. Troop A,
Fourth Cavalry, having been tried by
court-martial and found guilty of absence
without leave, has been sentenced to for
feit $10 of his pay.
FOR FLOOD SUFFERERS.
Bale of Texas Cotton Auctioned Off
Brings $2000.
NEW YORK, July 31— first bale of
the new crop of Texas cotton grown at
Sinton. Patricia County, and shipped by
Governor Say'ers. was sold at public auc
tion in front of the Cotton Exchange to
day for the benefit of the sufferers by the
floods in Texas. It brought $2000.
ANTI-TRUST RECRUITS.
Attorneys* General of Tennessee,
Wyoming and Utah Fall in Line.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 31.— Attorney Gen
eral T. S. Smith to-day received letters
from Attorneys General G. W. Pickle of
Tennessee J A. Van Orsdel of Wyoming
and A. C. Bishop of Utah indorsing the
anti-trust movement. _
They expressed their intention of at
tending the proposed conference of Gov
ernors and Attorneys General to be held
in St. Louis on September 20 if they can
absent themselves from .their official du
ties at that time.2
NO ABATEMENT OF
YELLOW FEVER AT
HAMPTON HOME
Disease Probably Brought by a
Santiago Veteran- General
Quarantine in Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— The latest I
official advices received up to 8 'dock i
to-night show a total of thirty-seven
cases and seven deaths from yellow
fever at the Soldiers' Home at Hamp
, ton, Va. One new case developed at
the home day. Thus far the disease
has been confined to the home, but all ■
surrounding towns are excited and a j
vigorous quarantine is being main- '■
tamed. Dr. Wadin of the Marine Hos- j
pital Service is now in charge of af- j
fairs at Hampton and is working in- ■
co-operation with the local Boards of
Health. He has strengthened the cor
don about the town of Phoebus, which ,
he reports is in very bad sanitary con- |
dition. The fact that only one new case j
appeared to-day is encouraging to the \
officials here, who are taking even- j
measure to prevent .1 spread of the :
disease. They feel that the fact that
the affected locality is in the hands of
the Government and under the one |
management will be of great value In
dealing with the scourge and will en- |
able better results to be obtained than j
where the epidemic broke out in com- j
mercial places. Already a number of |
inquiries have been received by Dr.
Wyman from quarantine officers j
througout the United States, asking
whether they shall Impose a maritime
quarantine against Norfolk. He has J
replied that there appears to be no ne- |
cessity for such a restriction in the
case of either Norfolk or Newport
News.
Dr. Wadin's official report of his ex
amination of the existing conditions
at the Soldiers' Home reached Dr. Wy
man to-day. It is dated yesterday and j
notes the fact that the doctor has seen j
all the cases of suspected disease at
the home. He sums up the history of
the contagion as follows:
"Early in July an old soldier entered
the home for a short lest and soon aft- ,
erward appeared at the dispensary, !
where he informed the physician in
charge that he was but recently from
Santiago via transport to a northern
port; thence he started for Manila via
San Francisco; beat his way to the
home on a freight train and entered
with his baggage. He complained of
dumb chills and fever and was pre
scribed for. He mingled freely with \
the inmates of the home and a short j
time ago disappeared. This is regarded j
as a possible use of the outbreak. i
"Preceding Friday, the 21st, there J
had been re. thing of a suspicious na
ture. The weekly death rate was as
f usual. But on the "Ist and 22d there
became ill during the night, with sharp
chills and high fever, some eight or ten ;
inmates, men of usually good health. I
These seizures, although noted as pecu- j
liar, had occasioned no alarm until i
about Thursday, the- 27th, when a death ;
occurred^ the man becoming distinctly]
yellow some time prior to his death. On
or about the same day another died
without having attracted particular at- ■
tention. He Iso turned quite yellow.
Autopsies were held on both by the
resident patologist. It was then, or a';
little later, that the telegram was sent
asking for ar . expert. I found there
were 3600 inmates and that 35 had been
taken ill since the 21st." Dr. Wadin
says he withheld a positive diagnosis j
VICTORY CLAIMED
BY BOTH SIDES
Status of the Cleve-
land Car Strike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, July Whether the :
boycott on the Big Consolidated Street j
Railway Company is having any effect or
not, the company shows no indication of
a desire to change its policy with respect
to the strike. A special meeting of the |
directors of the company was held this
afternoon. At Its conclusion President
Henry A. Everett was asked if the strike
had been discussed.
"Incidentally it was." was his reply.
"Is it the Intention of the company to
move for a settlement of the strike?" was
asked. • •'.
"No." said President Everett. "We are
going ahead as .we have been going. We
are hiring new men all the time, and we
now have nearly all we want. Some of
the new men arc being discharged when
found to be not the mem we want and
others put in their places. We are satis
fled with the situation, and 1 might say
that the board of directors % has been a
unit from the beginning, and lt is unani
mous in favor of the policy being pur
sued." ■.'•-
On the other hand, the leaders of the
strike profess to be very much encouraged
by the working of the boycott, -and they
say they must surely win, because, they
declare, the public is with them. The
president of the union has been busy all
day listening to the complaints -of mer
chants and others who claim they have
been boycotted without warrant, and
when he discovers that the person who
"complains is . Innocent of the charge of
having ridden on a Big Consolidated car
he gives notice to union men accordingly.
Secretary Bishop of the State Board of
Arbitration arrived in the city to-day to
look over the situation. He said he was
willing to undertake an investigation of
the strike if it was desired. He had a
conference with President Everett, but
refused to say what transpired. It Is In
timated that he may visit the strike lead
ers in the morning.
SOUTH AMERICANS
: FORM AN ALLIANCE
Are Suspicious of the Growth of Im
. perialism in the United
* . . States. _ '..
LONDON, Aug. I.— A dispatch to the
Morning Post from Rome mentions a re
port current there to the effect that the
larger South American republics are sus
picious of the United States' absorption
of Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines
and the growth of imperialism in Amer
ica and have exchanged views on the sub
ject of offensive and defensive alliance
against the United States.
The prime, movers in negotiations are
Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Para
guay.
It is said that preliminaries for an alli
ance have all been concluded between
General Julio Roca, President of the Ar
gentine Republic, and Dr. Campos Salles,
President Of Brazil. After the formation
of the league, Bolivia, Peru, Colombia,
Ecuador and Venezuela will join it.
Found Dead in His Cabin.
VISALIA. July 31.— John Q. Owen, an
old man living at Three Rivers, killed
himself with a pistol several days ago.
To-day his body -was found ln the cabin
in which he lived alone.
! in his first communication because of
the assertion of Surgeon Vickey, at the ;
home, that there had been no communi- :
cation of inmates with any Cuban sol
diers returned since last May or early
in June.
With the discovery of the probable
origin of the infection and the two au- '
topsies to-day, there can be no doubt,
he says, about the disease being yellow
fever, and continues: "There has been
a, very tree intercommunication be
tween the inmates and the people of
Phoebus, a public- house * near the,
grounds having been freely visited until |
last night.'' :-) '-: .'-
After .'i cordon had been established
around the Soldiers' Home, neighboring '
cities were warned and advised to hunt
for any inmates of the home, who might ;
be visiting and to keep them under
close observation. Dispatches to this
effect were sent Sunday to Norfolk. j
Portsmouth, Newport News and Rich
mond and the Health Officer at Wash
ington was notified. In Norfolk a house
to house inspection is being made.
Surgeon Vickey, at the home, has been
asked to prepare a list of soldiers who
have departed within a month, with a
view to tracing them.
HAMPTON, July 31.- This usually
tranquil town has been in a state of
feverish excitement to-day since the
discovery of yellow fever at the Sol
diers' Home. ires of people took ad
vantage of the first opportunity to
leave the place. Last -.light a speciai
train left Old Point with fully 300 of the
guests of the hotels.
Business in the town of Phoebus, ad- ;
joining the Soldiers' Home, is suspend
ed. Late this afternoon a self-appointed
guard of fifteen Hamptonians, with
Winchester rifles, vent to the home to
assist in enforcing the quarantine reg
ulations. Chesapeake and Ohio trains
have discontinued their service to the j
city.
NEWPORT NEWS, July 31.— After a j
day of intense excitement over the yel- i
low fever outbreak at the Soldiers' i
Home, Newport. News rests to-night
with a feeling of comparative security.
It is felt now that no loophole has been
left by which the scourge may find its
way to this city.
Newport News has quarantined
against Hampton and Elizabeth City
and county and Warrick County. Thus
this city, which is nearly ten miles
from the infected point, has the ad
vantage of practically a double quaran
tine on land. A tugboat patrols the
river to prevent the evasion of quar
antine restrictions by means of boats.
The danger line ashore is guarded by
an adequate force of special policemen.
The street railway company was pro
hibited this morning from running cars
between Hampton and this city.
Hundreds of people left the. city to
day on account of the scare.
■NORFOLK.. July Fear -of the
spread of yellow. fever to this city and
thence abroad has been largely allayed
by the absolute quarantine against the
three peninsula towns 'adjacent to the
infected spot. A licet "'of seven tugs has
been chartered, to patrol the fourteen
miles of water between Norfolk and the
Soldiers' Home, and the Norfolk River
front is constantly guarded by police
men, while a guard from the navy yard
is stationed at the naval hospital to
prevent the landing of small boats con
taining refugees from the peninsula.
The Old Point hotels are practically de.
serted.
ISLAND GRAIN
FIELDS ABLAZE
Losses by San Joaquin
Farmers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. July 31.— Grain fires swept ;
through the harvest-laden fields of the
lowlands this afternoon. Roberts Island
farmers were the losers. Three thousand
acres were threatened and for an hour
anxious watchers observed the efforts be
ing made to save the vast fortunes at
stake. . There was no close telephone com
munication and numbers went to the
Courthouse dome to watch the scene
through glasses.
A dense volume of smoke passed over
the. southern portion of the City shortly
after -2 o'clock, and it was at once sur
mised that the daily conflagration had
started on the islands. The lire burned
for two hours, and during all that time
the farm laborers, reinforced by thresh
ing outfits, worked like men whose lives
were at stake. They plowed around and
beat the flames, and at 4 o'clock were
rewarded by getting the fire under con
trol.
Two hundred acres were burned over
and many thousands threatened. Woods
Bros, are the heaviest losers, over half
of the burned area belonging to them.
; The fire started- from a corner of the
Blossom ranch, three miles from the old
Garwood ferry.
There was also a fire on the island near
Fishermans Camp yesterday, by which
Lane & Thompson are reported to have
lost about 200 acres.
Peat fires are now known to have been
the, cause of all the recent destruction
of grain ;on the islands. The under
ground coal beds are becoming a really
serious consideration, after several years
of slumbering, following the overflowing
lof the lands. Farmers with fine crops
! do not know at what minute a blaze is
going to break out, and some measures
must be taken to quench the peat fire
beds* The farmers are going to flood their
lands where possible, while others will
'■ ditch around the subterranean fires.
WITNESS HANOVER
BACK IN COVELO
Brophy, the Man Who Accused Him
of Perjury, Has Disap
peared.
COVELO, July 31.— Marshal Redwine
arrived from Santa Rosa to-night with
Hanover, the alleged perjurer, whose tes
timony sent three men to San Quentln for
long terms for complicity in the Llttlefield
lynching case.
Brophy, the one-armed man who has
been vigorously pushing the case against
Hanover, disappeared yesterday. Hano
ver's hearing is to take place to-morrow.
Sheriff Smith of Uklah has just wired to
Redwine that Brophy and Russell pur
chased tickets there for San Francisco
this morning. The authorities contem
plate taking measures to arrest Brophy.
BOTH ARMS AMPUTATED.
Sad Result of Contact With a Live
Wire. .
LOS ANGELES, " July 31. — Teodore
Kritchmas, the Pasadena rancher who
took hold of a live wire in the mountains
and received 2200 volts of electricity, sub
mitted to the amputation of both arms
this morning. The, accident occurred two
weeks ago, and physicians tried to save
the arms, but they were.too badly burned.
Kritchmas is rallying from the shock of
amputation. %
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 1, 1399.
STATE PENAL CODE
A BOOK OF ERRORS
Report of the Revision
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 31.— The commis
j sion for. the revision and reform of the
I law, consisting of A. Caminetti and R. N.
i Bulla, to-day submitted to Secretary of
] State Curry volume 3 of the report of the ;
. commission, the volume being the revised
i Penal Code of California. Says the com
' mission's report in part:
I A glance at the law under which the com
mission has acted will soon determine that
• the main reason for its enactment was founded
on the long-felt want of legislators and State,
' count, and other officers generally, as well as
. the judiciary and members of the bar, to ob- ;
tain, not. so much new legislation, as a revis- |
ion and codification of existing laws.
j This want was no doubt based on the indis
! criminate passage of statutes ' rather than ,
amendments to codes on the .subjects contained ,
in the latter since their adoption.
This practice had grown to such an extent
that fully one-third of the political code was
/obsolete; the civil code touching on many sub- :
jects lacked many of the laws affecting them, j
especially a? to corporations; the penal code j
was minus a considerable portion of the penal
enactments in force, and the civil procedure,
though less affected, was also ln need of re
vision.
The only changes adopted were such as were
required in changing a statute standing alone
Into a section, article or chapter, forming a
component part of a codified system on the
subject to which it related, and such as might
be necessary to remove portions thereof which
had been repealed, or were declared unconsti
tutional by the courts. Conflicting provisions
were harmonized, and- existing laws containing
uncertain and Incongruous provisions, which
had been tne subject of consideration by the
Supreme Court, were corrected in accordance ,
with the opinion of that tribunal.
Investigations have been carried on by mem
bers of the commission and material gathered
which would have permitted us to complete
the entire work of the first division by the
first Of October, 1899.
. The civil code was transmitted to the last
Legislature and the Judiciary Committee of the
Assembly, acting upon the recommendation of
a sub-committee appointed to examine said re
port, ordered the first volume introduced as a
bill by the Judiciary Committee.
We have since reviewed the political code,
1 adding thereto the legislation properly forming
i part thereof, and adopted at the last legisla
i tive session, and filed the same June 30 of the
present year. ."*''.
On this day we have filed a supplemental re
port consisting of the revised civil code, con 7
raining the amendments thereto of said session.
The' original of this report was filed November
80, 1898 ■ -.-**-"
The commission, in carrying on the work of
revision above mimed, have examined tie exist
ing laws in and out of the codes. This Involved
thousands Of code sections and statutes, ami
the determination of many questions arising
from such investigation.
ENDEAVOR CONVENTION".
Gathering of Christian Clans at San
Rafael. *
SAN RAFAEL. July 31.— The fiftieth
quarterly convention' of the Golden Gate
Union of the Society of Christian En
deavor will be held at the Presyterian
Church in this city on Wednesday. The
boat carrying the yndeavorers will, leave
the Sausalito ferry in San Francisco at
6:30 p. m., and returning will leave San
Rafael at 10.15 p. m.
Elaborate preparations are, making to
receive, the ".isiting delegates. The fol
lowing form the convention committee :
John ir.. Allen (chairman), Guy Windrom,
John 11. Kemp. .1. H. Fisher, Alex Nicoll,
F. Ernest Edwards, Norman McKellar, of
San Francisco; Dr.- G. G. Vanderlip. A. J.
! Todd, John Olmstead, Miss Etta Shaver,
Edward Davenport, U. S. Turloy, of San
Rafael. *•:..-■
_♦
Strout Ranch to Be Sold.
NAPA. July 31.— of the largest real
estate deals consummated in this county
for some months will be closed in all
probability to-morrow. The well-known
Strout ranch in Berryessa Valley, consist
ing of 1600 acres and improvements so ex
tensive and costly that they caused the
financial downfall of the former Owner,
will become the property of M. Shively,
• lately of Deerfield, Mo. The property is
now owned by the Union Trust Company
of San Francisco. Mr. Shively has made
an offer which the company's agent says
it will accept. Ex-Sheriff McKenzie is
now conducting the ranch. The con
sideration i.- not known, but will be well
up in the thousands. . . ..
Brought Back From Ohio.
LOS ANGELES, July 31.— F. N. Thorn
ton, formerly deputy Postmaster at Pasa
dena, who is accused of having embezzled
$700 worth of stamps were brought to Lbs
Angeles to-day from Ohio by Deputy
United. States Marshal Vivian J. Fagln.
He was arraigned in the' United States
court, but the time for' pleading to the
indictments, of which there are two, was
continued. •
Bartlett Pears Shipped.
WALNUT CREEK, July 31.— first
shipment of Bartlett pears from this sec
tion-was a three-carload lot from the
Bancroft ranch. One of the carloads was
sent direct to New York, and from there
will be shipped to London, Eng. The fruit
was very choice, and was packed in half
boxes of twenty pounds each. ;
Nebraska Regiment Entering the Presidio.
MUTINY CHARGE
AGAINST A YUKON
STEAMER'S CREW
Brutality of Captain Morine
Causes Trouble That Leads
to Arrests.
DAWSON, July 15, via Seattle,
Wash., July 31.— When . the
steamer Yukoner of the so : called
Galvin Company arrived from
7:7j down the river a few days ago
the entire crew was arrested on a
charge of mutiny or piracy, and, after
a hearing, was held for trial at the Sep
tember term of court. The charge was
brought by Captain Edgar Seymour
Mi nine, against whose tyranny ; during
the long winter while the boat was
frozen in at Russian Mission the crew
mutinied. Among the crew are several
well-known San Franciscans, the of
fice of purser having been . held by
Thomas Cuningham,.who was for many
years chief operator and for some time
superintendent of the Postal Telegraph
at San Francisco.
The Yukoner was purchased by the
Galvin Company . last fall, when the
Mary Ellen Galvin, built by the com
pany, was found to be unequal to the
task i if stemming the Yukon. Men
were to be landed at Nu:ato. where they
expected the Gold Star, which had gone
up the river in advance, to meet the
Yukoner on its return from Dawson
and thence they were to go up the Ko
yokuk. Through some blundering of
the engineer, they say, the Yukoner's
boiler burst when she was near the
Russian Mission,, and there the boat
wintered. ii _ ■•-'■'"■
According to the members of. the crew
to a single man. the conduct of the cap
tain was so brutal and overbearing
that the men finally refused to work
and demanded their pay. Mr. Curtain,
one of the officers of the company, pre
vailed upon them not to ieave, for their
desertion meant the destruction of the
boat and cargo. The captain, under
protest finally consented to leave and
delivered up the ship's papers to Cap
tain Larson. Captain Murine and his
wife went ashore and at the first op
portunity in the spring came to Daw
son ahead of the Yukoner, made com
plaint against the crew and the arrest
followed. 7* . _ _', ,
The case was heard before Colonel
Steele, in command of the Northwest
Mounted Police, and he held all of
them under bonds for trial at the Sep
SAMPSON FILES SUIT
FOR HIS PRIZE MONEY
Libels the Maria Teresa and Other
Spanish Vessels Taken by
His Fleet.
WASHINGTON. July 31.-Rear Admiral
William T. Sampson has filed suit in the
Supreme Court of the District libeling the
Spanish vessel Maria Teresa and miscella
neous-stores and supplies captured upon
her and other Spanish vessels. In his bill
he says that he brings the suit in his
own behalf and also in behalf of all the
officers and enlisted -men of the United
States navy who served with the United
States naval force and took part in the
naval engagement of Santiago de Cuba
on July 3. 1 SOS . and in captures made sub
sequent thereto. . __ -.
Admiral Sampson says that the fleet of
the United States was acting under his
immediate command as commander-in
chief; that Commodore Winfield S. Schley
was the commanding officer- of a division
of the fleet under his orders and Captain
French E. Chad wick was fleet captain, or
chief of staff. He recites the capture of
the Spanish vessels, and says that the
captured property has been or will be sur
veyed, appraised and Inventoried, adding:
"This will show that the ' Teresa, was
worth $700,000 .over and above the cost of
recovery." „ _ ..
He asks a rule upon the Secretary of the
Navy to show why the value of the cap
tured property shown, or which may be
shown by the survey, appraisement or in
ventory, should not be deposited with the
Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of the
United' States, subject to the order of the
court in v this case. .
DEATH UNDER WAGON WHEELS.
Engineer A. H. Pepper Loses His Life
Near Stockton. .
STOCKTON, . July 31— A. H. Pepper,
formerly engineer on the steamer T. C.
By SAM \AI. YA/ALL.
tember term. The bonds of Captain
Larson, Purser Cunningham, First
Mate Herman Franca, Second Mate
Hiekey, Engineer Holtz, Jackson and
Spaulding were fixed at $2000. Some of
the men, finding it difficult to find
bondsmen in a strange land, are -still
in jail. The others, under smaller
bonds, are Frank Lahery of San Fran
cisco, fireman; Bernard Flannigan and
Del Reiman, firemen, of Portland;
Charles Mahoney, Arthur Dahms,
Charles Gascoygne, Ed Hiekey and
"Billy" Spaulding of Seattle.
DEATHS AT DAWSON.
Men Who Have Lost Their Lives in
the Gold Fields.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 31.— Dawson
advices note the arrival there on July
9 of a party that started over the Ed
monton Trail fourteen months ago. The
party consisted, of Captain George
Dunn, Edward Miller, Alfred B. Clegg,
William Brownlow, James Wallwork,
Charles Fowler, Hugh Stevens and
Henry Jackson. They endured terrible
hardships. It is the first party that has
made the trip from the starting point
on the Mackenzie River in the same
boat.
The Yukon Council has decided to
construct a series of public highways.
Work is to be commenced without de
lay. Already $10,000 has been appro
priated for the work, and as much
more has been pledged by mine owners.
Substantial wagon roads will be con
structed to all the principal creeks.
The following deaths occurred at
Dawson during the week ending
July 14:
I). S. McDONALD of Portland, Or.,
from injuries received by falling down
a shaft on Dominion Creek.
JOSEPH BECKIE of Seattle, typhoid
fever. .;..-,. -v---^..
E. SEEBURG, typhoid fever.
M. H. LYTTLE of California, typhoid
fever.
JAMES E. CARR, consumption. He
was about to board the steamer Bonan
za King en route home and died. on the
wharf. "*?
JULIUS FULSCA of Tacoma, con
sumption.
Walker, met an accidental death this noon
ln a peculiar manner. There were no wit
nesses, but it was plain he had been
thrown from the water wagon of a thresh
ing outfit and had found death instantly
beneath the heavy wheels.
Pepper had been working on the Bell
place for some time, and on Sunday went
to San Francisco, hoping to bring about
a reconciliation with his wife. The fail
ure of his mission started him to drinking,
and though he reached the ranch • this
morning he did not offer to go to work
Liquor caused the accident.
THROWN FROM A CARRIAGE.
Mother and Child Narrowly . Escape
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July Mrs. George
Tait met a serious accident yesterday
afternoon, and her 2-year-old child had a
narrow escape from being killed. Mrs
Tait was on her way to the depot, riding
in a carriage. The horse got frightened at
an electric car. Mrs. Tait jumped from
the carriage and fell, between the wheels
which ran over her. breaking an ankle.'
The baby was thrown under the horse,
i and William Hanley grabbed it just in
! time to save its life.
LOS ANGELES. July 31.— A man about
28 years of age who has gone by the name
of Relther, but whose identity is un
known, was found dead in his room in a
Main-street lodging-house this morning.
He had closed the doors and windows and
turned on the gas.' He left an unsigned
note saying he would commit suicide when
his money was gone. . He was of medium
build and dark complexion. He came to
Los Angeles on July 20. -
Honors for Pauncefote.
LONDON. July 21.— was officially an
nounced to-day that Sir Julian Paunce
fote, the British Embassador to the
United States, who was head J of the Brit
ish delegation to the International Peace
Conference at The Hague, has been ele
vated, to the peerage.
Turned On the Gas.
MANY CENSURE,
OTHERS DEFEND
Character of McNaugh-
ton Dissected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 31.— The investigation !
into the charges of immorality, incom
petency and lack of character made
against Professor James McNaughton,
the new principal of the State Normal
School, by a committee of the Alumni
Association commenced before the board
of trustees this morning. The full board
was present Trustees H. C. Brown
(chairman). G. W. Sweigert, R. T. Pierce,
F. J. Short and F. W. Leavitt. and State
Superintendent of Instruction Kirk. Gov
ernor Gage, who is an ex-offlcio member
of the board and is said to have been re
sponsible for McNaughton being made
principal, did not appear.
Attorney J. R. Patton represented Mc-
Naughton. Eli Wright and J. G. Jury,
members . of the Investigating committee
and attorneys, represented the Alumni
Association.
As soon as Chairman Brown announced
all in readiness Eli Wright presented a
supplementary report to the report filed
at the last meeting of the board. It was
a voluminous document, consisting of let
ters received in relation to McNaughton,
and occupied over two hours in reading.
There were letters from business men,
teachers and pupils of Council Bluffs,
Iowa; Mayville, N. D., and Temple, Ariz.
A great many of them related to Mc-
Naughton's record at Council Bluffs and
referred to the charges of immorality and
lack of character made against Mc-
Naughton while he was Superintendent of
Schools there. '_ '"■*;■'■*«
A letter from S. B. Wadsworth, an attor
ney at Council Bluffs, said he firmly be
lieved the charges made against Mc-
Naughton to be true. McNaughton was
incompetent. He loaned money on chattel
securities, and notorious characters called
at the school buildings and McNaughton
took them into the basement and trans
acted business. By loaning money to dis
reputable women he enabled them to con
tinue their immoral practices. There were
other letters of this kind.
The correspondence from Tempe, where
McNaughton last taught, related princi
pally to his incompetency as teacher and
disciplinarian. He was accused of favor
itism, and the charge was made that he
had accepted $20 from a pupil in consid
eration for allowing him to graduate. A
few letters spoke of him as a scholar and
a gentleman. .: _,,»- i-
Attorney Patton followed in McNaugh
ton's defense. He read a typewritten
statement consisting of 200 pages and
consumed nearly three hours It reflect
ed on the investigating committee of the
alumni to the effect that it was unauthor
ized and did not • represent the Alumni
Associatiqn. Letters were read from
ministers, educators and prominent citi
zens giving McNaughton a high char
acter arid denouncing the attack on him
as malicious. The action of persons in
Council Bluffs in sending out what were
termed anonymous charges was de
nounced as worse than highway robbery,
as it was an attempt under cover to rob
Professor McNaughton of his good repu
tation. _ ■•.-"•■ '-:.'." _ . _ '■
The animus of the charge against Mc-
Naughton was declared to be the fact
that Superintendent McNaughton waa
Instrumental in the dismissal of a drunk
en and incompetent teacher named Arthur
Stevens. It was claimed the charges were
due to malice and revenge and had no
foundation in fact, and Professor Mc-
Naughton. had been given no opportunity
to deny them. Ministers of all the
churches of Council Bluffs had testified
to McNaughton's good character.
Resolutions from the trustees of the
Mayville (N. D.) Normal were read, de
claring that after an investigation they
were satisfied the charges made at
Council Bluffs were not true.
Attorney Jury argued for thirty
minutes. He urged the necessity of the
dismissal of Professor McNaughton. A
man of his character would drag down
the school, even if his innocence were
proved. •-.-''■.'.•'
The investigation will be resumed in the
morning, when Attorney Patton will
close f-«r the defense. The case will then
be submitted to the board, which will
probably take it under advisement.
The normal trustees met this evening
and reinstated Miss Cornelia Walker on
the petition of a large number of citizens.
At the annual election she was dropped.
Her position will be assigned by the presi
dent. The resignation of Miss Louise '
Maitland as teacher of drawing was ac- I
cepted. _______________ ■
Aged Burglar Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES., July 31.— aged
burglar who goes by the name of Henry
Gardner, and who has for two months
pretended to be deaf and dumb, was sen
tenced to three years in Folsom peniten
tiary by Judge Smith this morning. Gard
ner wrote a letter to the Judge in which
he said that he had passed thirty-five
years in jail, and had been "horribly
treated." -; -*;■; -•?'..
Coghlan Relieves Green.
SEATTLE. July 31.— Captain Joseph
Coghlan. who arrived from the East to
day, has assumed charge of the Bremer
ton naval station, relieving Captain Green.
MISCELLANEOUS. ¥
liiSßi"
•CM
Thomas Hatton Testifies to tie
. M fori of Dr. Atom.
v..._- .. - '
r»r Aborn the specialist in the treat-
ment of CONSUMPTION at 554 Sutter
Street has received the following Letter
from MR. THOMAS HATTON. a . well-
known and Prnminent lonian **h-' 13
well known to MRS GEORGE REfcMAN
GRAY. 22S MONTGOMERY ST., S. _"-.
Thomas Hatton, Rear Estate. Loans and In-
- vestment Agency. 310 Fifth st.
PES MOINES (la.). Ma> . -'■'■ - }>&»■_
>To Whom II May Concern: The undersigned,
a resident of the "city- ot Pcs Moines for tho
past thirty-seven -.car.-, desires to bear testi-
mony to .-he skill 6* Dr Al«;rn in *»'*«Jji
ment of. pulmonary a* kindred complain ■
About the year lSTfi I waiver* fJ^My af-
flicted with bronchial and lung troubles, in
fact, had two, ox three write severe ft"".?^"
hr.ces. and my left luner was practical^ un-
less. Dr. Aborn. treats me constitutional y
and by local Inhalation applications and within
two months' time I was practically cured I
continued the., treatment for some, time longer
and have never suffered a day since from any-
trouble of the kind. And my luners and bron-
chial tubes have been sound. I, believe, as any
one's could be, and are at the present time,
after a- lapse of twenty-three years. 1 have
known the doctor and of hls successful prac-
tice for. the past thirty yen rs. '-•'■■:". T
Purine the doctor's practice at that time i
I persona.lv knew of a. number of people whom
he treated with pronounced success. : From my
own personal exoerlence. and observation 01
I his treatment of Others, I believe, the doct-r
! to be capable of doing a great good to persons
ft"'"* ta .uci, ' •'-'''.tho&'-haxtSn"'
j DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
' GIVES INSTANTANEOUS RELIEF.* BTJTLD3
! '!■ IND KEVITALir.ES.THE WHOLE CON-
STITI'-l-lON --i.IITIFIKS THE SYSTEM
AGAINST .'ni. PS AND CATARRHAL AF-
FECTIONS AVERTS THE TKNORN'-i
i OR PREDISPOSITION TO CONSUMPTION*.
ANP THEREBY PROLONGS LIFE.
I OVER THIRTY YEARS PEVOTED TO THE
i TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF THE E-E,
EAR, HEAD, THROAT ANO LUNGS.
Dp. Abopn's Office and Residence,
554 SUTTER STREET,
Bet Powell and Mason. San Francisco. Cal.
FREE CONSULTATION.
OFFICE HOURS— to 12 and 2 to 4.
MUNYON'S INHALER
-sfe^ CURES
J^k CATARRH
V Co,ds ' Cou S hs ' Ha^
J^&lk.. Fever, Bronchitis,
j^_^^H^^^. Asthma an *- Al!
m W_\Wmm Diseases of the
CLOUDS. OF MEDICATED VAPOR AR3
Inhaled through the mouth and emitted
from the nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all
the inflamed and diseased parts which cannot
be reached by medicine taken into the stomach.
Jl reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw places-
It gees to the seat if disease— lt arts as a balm and
tonic to the whole system— sl.oo a' druggists or sent
by mail. 1505 Arch street Philadelphia.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness end Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WJK li\ 4STF.E FOtR BOXES .
to cure any case with a positive written jrnar-
autre or refund the money, and to destroy tha
appetite for Intoxicating liquor*).
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
. KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
C-TbHUC lIDIIIV *"»«>se*« Misery, Poverty
OinUnD UnlNNand Death. Upon receipt
if $10.00 we will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
tve written g-uaranteo- to cure or refund
our money. Sine-- fi "i no.
9ZSOROB DAHLBSNDKR * CO. Sole Aft--.
tii Kearny at.. Baa Fraaelaoo.
I A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE!
mrm On account of having
JSM closed up my Sacra-
_ r Tf mento branch store I j
__-__ offer to my patrons and
__t_t___l the public ln general
H_£*!St\ J5OOO worth of woolens,
JmSffil which I wish to turn Into j
_jKfl£%(lß__\ cash before my fall and '
j_9_Ws2m2A winter stock comes In.
*On account of window.
eloeed up my Sacra-
mento branch store I
offer to my patrons and
the public ln general
$5000 worth of woolens,
which I wish to turn Into
cash before my fall and
winter stock comes ln.
See prices ln the window.
SOT JOE POHEIM, j
THE TAILOR.
HJlti 201-208 Montgomery St., j
tejT|l 1110-1112 Market St..
wA \vk San Francisco. ;
HI ti 485 Fourteenth at.. Oak-
143 South Spring at..
J-**' .JT Los Angeles, Cal.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
♦ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A gfe 1051 ST. fth*?i, ST.CiI. A
T X_t The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
A _±__ m _y-__ W'ond. Weaknesses or any contracted A
__ '"' yM disease »«»ltl-.ely cared by the oldest _
9 l__* ____ Specialist c a the Coast Eat. 36 years. 0
A ____*_ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
V _F4(Sf__l| Coesultatie-en free and strictiT private \
A M vWI Tr« nment personally or by letter A. m
W I fjr W ■ Poe.ttve Curt in every case undertaken. W
Mml lI A Write for Book. rBILONOI-UVct A
T 1 II H*aai*UE, MAILED FKEB. (AT
V A JL valuable book for men) \
9 08. JUBD.4X A CO.. Market St., 8. F. ¥'
_____x Dr. RL. Walsh
l^^_^^^A_ 815**4 GEART ST., bet.
K_y^-*^£?J^!ls-M Hyde and Larkln.
U_f- Fr« y'lTilJ Crowns ..7..'....'.5_£.00
\i ]aJte-*^ Flesh-colored Plates..
t-?^_*== ~<>.y-l_ *."i.«Mi
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN Hrßt prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No student*. II
years' experience.
Xran^DlBALL'S fiEINYIGORATOR
_____ l&a|- Five hundred reward for any
J_9^ ■^"W case we cannot cure. Thia secret
____, . j remedy • stops , all losses in 2*
-i7\ -. I hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
RJPI WITT ' tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
>■___■ -*^ Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
■ mm frWi Manhood and all wasting effects
| •£- — i ---■ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
i sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at lOriZVt Market St., S. F. All private
diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
®DR. MEYERS & :"->*~^.~™~-- j
DR. MEYERS & CO. "'■■-"* I
Cure all Disease and Weak- j I
ness of Men. Established 18 I
jears. Pay when cured.. I
Home cures a specialty. Free I
book for men. . Call or write I
731 MARKET ST., S.F. I
Elevator entrance. |
WeeKly Gall $1.00 uerYearDEWEY TO BE WELCOMED
BY FORMER SHIPMATES
THE OLYMPIA ENTERING THE BAY OF NAPLES.
- ■ ■ ■■■ ■. -,
CALL HEADQUAR
TERS, WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHING
TON, July 31. Admiral Dewey
will receive appropriate and an
effective naval greeting when he
comes ling home in his flag
ship ( Hympia.
From Secretary Long and
Assistant Secretary Allen I
learned to-day thai it is not the
■r " 1 1
intention of the department to
order the North Atlantic squad
ron to cross the Atlantic and es
cert the hero of Manila Bay back
to his native land. While the
■L—' ,1 I* . 4
subject has been discussed at va
rious times, it is not deemed nec
essary to send a fleet to Europe
DU PATY DE CLAM
REGAINS LIBERTY
Sruguiere to Counter
sign His Acquittal.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, July 31.— !.■- Soir announces
that Colonel Dv Paty de Clam was
liberated at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
He immediately drove to his home and
retired to bed, alleging excessive fa
tigue. He declined to see anybody.
General Bruguiere, Military Governor
of Paris, has the power to override the
decision that there is no case against
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam, but it is un
derstood that he will countersign the
acquittal.
Nothing Is yet known of the actual
grounds of the acquittal, but it is re
ported that Dv Paty de Clam was ex
onerated because it was proved that he
acted under direct orders from Gen
erals Gonz and De Boisdeffre, against
whom severe disciplinary measures are
imminent. If this is confirmed it will
prove that the efforts of tie- general
staff to make General Dv Paty de Clam
a scapegoat have failed.
General Roget and Major Culgnet,
who were tie chief witnesses against
Dreyfus in the proceedings in the Court
of Cassation, each maintains that he
has absolute proof of Dv Paty de
Clam's forgeries and intrigues. If
their statements, which it was believed
at the time were made to shield the
general staff, are discredited, nothing
will remain against Dreyfus.
RENNES, July 31.— Already the
crowds that gather daily about the
home of Mme. Dreyfus and the prison
! whore her husband is confined, as she
passes from one to the other, have be
come so augmented as to demand a
material increase in the force policing
the route. Gendarmes therefore have
been placed at close Intervals along the
entire distance from the Rue de Cha
tillon. where Mme. Dreyfus resides, to
the prison, In the Rue dv Hamel. Strict
orders have been issued to prevent per
sons passing from the Rue dv Hamel to
the prison precincts. This has resulted
in a number of conflicts with the
gendarmes, none of which, however,
has been serious.
AHEAD OF THE RECORD.
Hansen's Great Race for the Thou
sand-Mile Championship.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., July 31.— A. A.
Hansen, who started on his attempt to
break the 1000-mile world's record on Sun
day morning, finished 500 miles this even
ing at 5:30, breaking the national 500-mile
record by 11 hours and 1 minute. Man
sen's time Is 38: 10 The former time was
held by ii. C Guernee of this city at
43:31. ■■;
Hansen is riding in excellent condition
a;. . 1 present indications are that he will
break the record he is after by between
ten and fifteen hours. The bruise received
about the back in the fall Sunday has
bothered him considerably, but outside of
this he feels good. After completing the
500 miles Hansen took his first sleep sine.
starting. He will be out again at day
break. • /.. ,':-•■
Took Too Much Morphine.
REDWOOD CITY, July 31.— Deputy Cor
oner Claude Fox to-day held an inquest
to Inquire Into the death of James Col
lins, who was found in an unconscious
condition in the barn of John Offermann
on Friday last and who died the same
© NEW YORK, July 31.— Times cablegram from London says: There 0
* has been little press comment upc-n the alleged utterances of Admiral *
* Dewey at Trieste, though the papers here print much from the Amer- *
* ican papers. They are tickled here, but try to refrain from showing it. *
£ The public is pleased at his attitude toward Germany, ' but rather
+ shocked that a man of his position should be so frank. +
* A Washington special to the Times says Baron yon Mumm, the +
* Washington representative of Germany, denies that he has made any *
-* complaint to the State Department of the interview in which Admiral *
*** Dewey said that "our next war will be with Germany." It is not be- *
"* lieved here that the Navy Department will make any inquiries of the J
k- Admiral concerning the interview. , -4
& + + + + * + + + + + + **.* +++ + + + + + + +
to welcome the admiral home,
but it is intended that the navy,
represented by the North Atlan
tic squadron, shall take a modest
part in the ceremonies attending
his home-coming. It is the pres
ent intention to have the fleet at
Hampton Roads or in the vicin
ity of New York Harbor to give
the admiral a nautical ..greeting.
As a distinguished naval officer
! day. Collins on that day borrowed 50
; cents from a friend here. He went to a
local drug store and complained that he
had not been able to sleep for several
nights and bought morphine. Thence he
went to the place where he was found
dead. On his bed was found the box con
taining part of the morphine. The Cor
oner's jury found that he came to his
! death from the effects of morphine, taken
• accidentally.
Boys Escape From Jail
MARYSVILLE, July 31.— Alfred John
! son, Harry Miller and Willie Holmes,
! aged respectively 12. 18 and 16 years, es
caped from the City Prlosn early this '
morning while awaiting examination on a
charge of burglary. They made a rorra j
from jail blankets and attached the iron
handle of a bucket, bent so as to anchor
to the top of a brick wall sixty feel above.
They made a hand-over-hand climb and
gained an adjoining roof and the street I
without attracting attention. The trio j
were arrested for tin- burglary of a barn
and were given an opportunity to plead
■ petty larceny, but refused.
Colony of Russians.
j STOCKTON, July 31.— A large colony of
I Russians is to be established in the Har
: mony Grove District, a few miles east of
. I.cccli. About the first of the year some
wealthy Russians who have planted simi
: lar colonies in some of the Middle States
purchased a large tract of land from Mr.
Bnird in that vicinity, and last week
added to the original acreage by paying
H. B. Pope (50 an acre for 200 acres ad
joining. Negotiations are under way for
■ < the purchase of several other tracts in the
neighborhood. Th.- promoters say the
land is to be divided into small tracts and
farmed by their countrymen.
Railway to Buy a Township.
ASTORIA. July 31.— 1t is stated here on
the authority of the secretary of th" com
pany owning the property that Henry Vil
lard. the New York capitalist; who is now
in Portland, will come to Astoria this
week and examine the Flavel Township,
and if he is as well satisfied with it as he
thinks he will be will purchase the tract
outright. The proposed purchase is said
to involve a big railroad deal, but Just
what the purpose of the syndicate repre
sented by Villard is cannot be learned.
Bible School Closes.
SANTA CRUZ, July 31.— The Summer
Bible School at Twin Lakes closed to-day.
This afternoon Rev. N. L. Freeman of
Vallejo led the institute in a study on
"The Holy Spirit." At 5 o'clock a vesper
service was fed by Rev. B. F. Farmer of
Anderson. This evening the closing ad
dress was given by Rev. E. R. Burnett of
Oakland on "One Hundred Years of
Baptist History in America."
Senator Clark at Los Ang-eles.
LOS ANGELES. July 31.— United States
Senator W. A- Clark of Montana arrived i
in this city this morning and, in company
with his brother, J. Ross Clark, spent the. \
day in visiting his Investments her.-. He
leaves for Arizona to-morrow, where- he
will inspect the United Verde copper mine ;
at Jerome and other of Ids Arizona invest
ments.
♦
Tracklaying Commenced.
STOCKTON, July 31.— Tracklaying on
that portion of the Valley road which is
to connect Stockton and Point Richmond
was commenced to-day, and to-night
about a half-mile of track is down on the
Morse tract. There are only two miles of
track to lay fore the men will have to
wait for the building of a drawbridge
across the river.
Harriman Party Goes to Portland.
SEATTLE. July 31.— Harriman
party left here to-day In two divisions for
Portland, Or., one by water, the other by
land. The majority of the party sailed
this morning on tin- steamer George W.
Elder. The remainder left this after
noon In a special tiain.
Woman Pensioner Dead.
NEW YORK, July 31.— Eliza Sanford,
one of the sixteen daughters of Revolu
tionary soldiers on the pension list, died
at Montclalr, N. J., to-day, aged 84 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1. 1899.
remarked to-day: "It will be
more appropriate and more like
a family reunion to have as many
as possible of his former ship
mates in Xew York when he
reaches there, than to have a de
tachment sent out to greet him
so far away from home."
It is quite likely that after the
North Atlantic squadron con
**
-eludes its summer cruise along
REVOLT ABOUT TO
BE PROCLAIMED
Crisis Reached in San
Domingo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN. Hayti, July 31.— From
a dispatch just received from a reliable
source it is learned that a revolution will
be proclaimed to-morrow or the day after
to-morrow in the republic of San Domingo
in favor of Don Juan Isidor Jiminez.
According to the dispatch the entire
western portion of the republic has de
clared in favor of Jiminez, and he is the
only candidate for the Presidency
throughout the rest of the country.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of Martin
ique, July 31.— News is arriving slowly,
owing to the occurrence in San Domingo
on Friday last of a violent hurricane
which caused immense damage. Three
large schooners which were In the road
stead of San Domingo were wrecked, and
only one man of the crews of the vessels
was saved.
After striking San Domingo the hur
ricane moved to the northeast, devastat
ing the country between San Domingo
and Coin, forty-four miles from the capi
tal. The extent of the damage is not
known.
The latest advices from San Domingo
report that General Wenceslayo Figuero,
the Vice President, urged by a number
of his friends, has accepted the Presi
dency, promising to retain the present
conservative Ministry in office, Pending
the meeting of Congress, General Figuero
will assume full responsibility and power.
Only In the environs of Moca is the
agitation caused by the assassins and
their friends apparent, and it is said that
the partisans of the Government are in
creasing in numbers.
The Governor of Moca has taken meas
ures for the preservation of order and
great activity Is being displayed by the
troops of the garrison. Active prepara
tions arc being made with a view to sur
rounding the enemy and to repulse an at
tack which it is thought they may make
at any moment. '"V
At San Lorenzo de Guayubin the Gover
nor has appealed to all the people of the
city -.o pledge themselves to co-operate
iii the maintenance of order. Commerce
is paralyzed throughout the country.
LONDON, August I.— The Dally Chron
icle's Rome correspondent says: The
newspapers announce that in view of pos
sible (-implications in Central America the
Italian squadron has started from Buenos
Ayres. There has been an interchange of
views between the Cabinets of the great
powers with reference to the probability
of a civil war in San Domingo and
eventual intervention by the United
States. __________«__».
Alleged Firebugs Arraigned.
SANTA ROSA, July 31.— H. M. Gregson
and A. Gotzsch, arrested for alleged arson
in connection with the burning of Timber
Cove schoolhouse. appeared in court this
morning, and their examination was set j
fur August 10. Both were admitted to
ball.
Big Catches of Salmon.
ASTORIA, July 31.— The run of salmon
has Increased and fishermen are aver-'
aging 800 pounds to the boat. They are
receiving 5% and 6 cents and are making
big wages. It is thought the run will con
tinue until August 10, when the season
ends. If so the pack will probably be not
more than 50,000 cases short.
Will Live in San Francisco.
MARYSVILLE, July Thomas Dou
gall, for many years . the leading dry
goods merchant of Marysville, has sold
his palatial home on D street to Herman
('helm of the Union Lumber Company,
having decided to reside in the future in
San Francisco with his family.
the New England coast, it will be
ordered to prepare for Dewey's
reception. When the Olympia
is about due on this side of the
water, the fleet will go out to
meet her and escort her tri
umphantly into port, so that all
America may share in the sincere
welcome home awaiting Dewey
and his gallant officers and crew.
This is about the idea prevailing
at the Navy Department at pres
ent relative to Dewey's reception
by his naval associates.
TRIESTE, July 31.— Admiral
Dewey spent the day at the Hotel
de la Ville. while his flagship, the
Olympia, was being coaled. He
will return to the ship to-mor
row, and expects to sail in the
afternoon.
MYSTERIOUS NO
LONGER IS THE
HERRIN GUEST
Reason of Steele's
Visit Here.
At last the presence of the mysterious
Steele at the Palace Hotel is explained.
Mr. Steele, who Is a member of Seward,
Guthrie & Steele, one of the leading law
firms of New York, arrived here a few
days ago under circumstances which
caused not a little comment. He was
brought here by Attorney Herrin of the
Southern Pacific, who journeyed to. Den- I
ver in a private car for the purpose of j
meeting and escorting his distinguished j
guest. Upon the arrival in this city Mr. ,
Steele was assigned to rooms in tin- Pal
ace Hotel without having to go through
the formality of putting his name on the
hotel books. He brought a stenographer
with him, who was kept busy until all
hours of the night. He denied himself to
reporters. Mr. Herrin professed to be en
tirely ignorant of his identity, and alto
gether the whole affair savored of in
trigue and romance and gave its chief
actor a character that would have stood
for his being anything from a foreign po
tentate to a domestic train robber.
The fact of the matter . is that Mr.
Steele's' presence here was for the purpose
of consulting with Herrin and arranging
the details of the big deal which is fully
explained in the following dispatch from
Salt Lake:
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 31.— Cen
tral Pacific Railway Company was incor
porated here to-day for the purpose of ac
quiring all the railroad land, land grants
and franchises of the Central Pacific Rail
road. The company is incorporated in
pursuance of the plan of reorganization
of the Central Pacific, and is in the Inter
est of the Southern Pacific
Thomas Mar. of Utah is named as
president of the new corporation, whose
capital stock is placed at $87,000,000.
REV. J. C. LYNN OF
SAN JOSE RESIGNS
The Weil-Known Divine Leaves the
United Presbyterian Church for
a Larger Field.
At a called meeting of the San Fran
cisco Presbytery at San Jose yesterday
the Rev. John C. Lynn, for the past three
years pastor of the United Presbyterian
Church of San Jose, tendered his resig
nation.
This course was made necessary by rea
son of the action of the committee on
i Home Missions, which met at Philadel
phia. Pa., in May last. For the past
twenty-four years the Home Mission
Board has supported ln part the San Jose
Church, but this year it failed to grant it
: any aid. thus leaving the pastor without
j a living salary.
The Rev. Mr. Lynn has rendered faith
-1 ful service and his work has been cmi
i nently successful. The action of the board
is not for the purpose of dismissing Dr.
Lynn, but to stimulate the church to self
\ support. Dr. Lynn will either go East,
'. where several calls await him, or take up
■ the work at Agenda, a new and flourish
j ing mission near Salinas.
Accept Crocker's Offer.
WOODLAND, July 31.— grape grow
ers of Yolo County have adopted a reso
lution accepting the offer of H. J. Crocker
and will contract to deliver to him for a
term of seven years their grape crops at
$14 a ton. The resolution was adopted
without* a dissenting vote.
WASHINGTON AWAITS
THE SAMOAN TREATY
Meanwhile Every One, Including Officials, Is Marveling
Over the Call's Great Scoop.
NEW YORK, July 31.— The Call's great scoop on the Samoan treaty
was all the talk of the town on Park Row last night, or rather
early this morning. The correspondents, who sit up for early
morning papers, discussed this scoop and speculated on the way
The Call managed to secure the big piece of exclusive news. All of the
morning papers reprinted the treaty and the report Of the commission,
and all gave credit to The. Call except the Journal. This paper put a big
head over the news, and printed it in full under San Francisco date, and
introduced the dispatch by saying "The Samoan treaty was received
here to-day," but . never a word about The Call.
In the Herald office, the big scoop was generally discussed and the
enterprise of The Call was highly commended.
The Call's correspondent at Washington sends the following:
"The newspapers, have scored a scoop on the department," said Sec
retary Hay to-day, when asked for an expression of opinion on the de
tailed report of the Samoan commission published in The Call Sunday
and in other papers this morning. The Secretary playfully indulged in
newspaper slang and at the same time-assured me that he was officially
ignorant of the findings of the commission. He did not attempt to dis
credit the report as published in the morning papers, but he gracefully
declined to discuss the subject or make any comment upon the report of
the commission until an official copy of that document is before him.
The Secretary explained that the administration has the greatest confi
dence in the wisdom, ability and discretion of the members of the com
mission and their recommendations or suggestions will now naturally be
received with full force. He added that the official report arrived in
San Francisco by the same steamer' which brought the published report
and suggested that it may be on its way to Washington by mail.
In diplomatic circles there was but little disposition to comment
upon the report, because few of the responsible legation men are in
Washington at this time. There are some differences of opinion as to the
wisdom of forming a council composed of delegates from each power
with an administrator from a neutral nation.
It is believed by many persons that the problem will not be finally
solved- until either the United States. Great Britain or Germany takes
absolute possession of Samoa. It is contended that friction will continue
so long as the existing three-cornered responsibility prevails.
DEATH OF A ONCE
FAMOUS BEAUTY
Close of the Career of Mrs. Kate
Chase Sprague, Who Was Well
K.o° wn in Washiogton.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— Mrs.
Kate Chase Sprague, wife of
former Governor Sprague of
Rhode Island and the daugh
ter of the late Salmon P.
! Chase, Governor of Ohio, United States
i Senator and Chief Justice of the Su-
p reme Court, died at her homestead.
Edgewood, In Washington suburbs,
early this morning. She was 59 years
I old. For three months she had been ill,
l but had consented to medical treatment
i only ten days ago. She grew steadily-
I worse and the end came a few minutes
after 3 o'clock this morning. At the
bedside were her three daughters. Miss
I Kittie Sprague, who lived with her
: mother; Miss Portia Sprague of Nar
> ragansett Pier, and Mrs. Donaldson of
Brooklyn, N. Y.
Not many American women have had
a more varied career than did the beau
i tiful and brilliant daughter of Salmon - .
1 Chase once the mistress of millions, then
dependent on the generosity of the friends
of her father and her own for mainten
ance and to save the roof under which he
died to shelter herself and children. The
daughter of a man whose name was a
synonym for all that men esteem as noble
and virtuous, and on which she herself in
yeara of prominence In the highest social
'life Of the capital and the country but
shed additional luster, and the wife of a
man almost as prominent and as much
esteemed as her father, she gave him
grounds for suspicion as to her wifely
conduct, tied from his roof under the
cover of night, setting the tongue of scan
dal to wagging and dragging the honored
names of both father and husband in the
dust At the same time began to wane
the political career of the brilliant Roscoe
C'onkling. who was named as co-respond
ent in the suit for divorce instituted by
Governor Sprague immediately afterward.
A certain historical glamour has always
surrounded the name of Kate Chase. As
a girl of 16, when her father was Governor
of Ohio, she was the mistress of his
household, and by her beauty, .Queenly
carriage. sparkling wit and knowledge of
men and affairs she soon became a valu-
In aid to her parent and a conspicuous
semed as her father, she gave him
und-- for suspicion as to her wireiy
duct Hed from iris roof under the
er of night si tting the tongue of scan
to wagging and dragging the honored
nes of both father and husband in the
it At the same time began to wane
political career of the brilliant Roscoe
lkling who was named as co-respond
in the suit for divorce instituted by
rernor Sprague immediately afterward.
certain historical glamour has always
rounded the name of Kate (.has.'. As
iri eef 16, wh.n her father was Governor
Ohio she was the mistress of his
isehold, and by her beauty, queenly
riage sparkling wit and knowledge of
n and affairs sne soon became a valu
e aid to her parent and a conspicuous
tlgure in the world in which they in. eel.
It was however, when President Lincoln
called' Mr. Chase to Washington as his
retary of the Treasury that she began
to reten as a social queen and the recog
nized head of the President's official
household. Many were the worshipers at
her shrine and many were the hearts and
fortunes laid at her feet. She accepted
the offer of Senator Sprague. and their
wedding was one of the most brilliant
events that Washington had ever seen.
Senator Sprague had the prestige of a
war Governor, a military, man, the young
est member of the Senate, and was one
of the richest men in tin* country She
went with him to his Rhode Island home,
on Narragansett Bay, and renaming the
old place Canonchet began to make it by
lavish expenditures, tit her • ideas of hat
a rich man's home should be. Half a
million went for improvements and $100,
TO MEET THE GALLANT
CALIFORNIA SOLDIERS
A SESSION OF THE RECEPTION
COMMITTEE.
Arranging the Details of the Wel
come to Be Given to the Mem
bers of the First.
The reception committee of the Native
Sons and Daughters of the Golden West.
who are arranging for the reception of
the First California Regiment, met in the
headquarters In the California Hotel last
evening President Byington presided.
The secretary read a number of com
munications, one being from the Boys
Brigade, numbering seventy-five, tnJe.
command of F. B. Worley. asking tor a
no«ition in line. All communications were
referred to Grand Marshal Pistolesi.
Mr» Mary E. Tillman and Mrs. C. F.
K-iDD* who were appointed to see about
securing a tug for the general committee
to take part in the reception on the hay,
announced that they will make their re
n rt at the next meeting.
1 Mrs AD. Coddington reported that she
had called on the Harbor Commissioners
who cave the use of the nave of the
tiny building in which to give the ban
ouet and that there will be ample room
?or 1800 men seated, allowing twenty-four
inches space to each man. A \ote <._.
thanks was passed to the Harbor Com
mis-loners for their courtesy.
A proposition to decorate headquarters
free of charge, made by C. Goldberg,
was accented. Lewis B. Mayer was ap
pointed a committee of one to secure an
option on a place in which to distribute
the medals and certificates,
the L Morgenstern. Mrs. De Rooi Miss
Ferris' Grand Marshal Pistolesi, Mrs. J.
H Coddington, Mrs Boldemann. Mrs.
Mary E. Tillman. Mrs. C. Ryan and L.
B. Mayer were appointed a committee to
secure donations.
Mrs M. E. Tillman suggested that the
executive committee of the citizens' com
mittee the president of the Red Cross
Society the presidents of relative asso
ciations' and General Shafter be added to
the reception committee. A motion to
that effect was carried.
The several sub-committees were in
structed to present at the next mcetlna
MRS. KATE CHASE SPRAGUE.
-080 for furnishing. It was while thus en
gaged that the first whispers of domestic:
trouble in the Sprague household- were
beard. Then came the loss of the Sprague
fortune and further estrangement between
the two. Then the flight of Roscoe Conk- :
ling from the home before the muzzle of
her husband's pistol, and then the flight
of the wife herself.
After her divorce, Mrs. Sprague retired
to Edgewood, the country home of Chief
Justice Chase, on the outskirts of Wash- j
ington, not far from the Soldiers' Home,
where he died, and where she also
breathed her last. It was an old place,
bought in 1869 from Thomas Magruder, |
who built it many years before."
Here, though nominally retired from so
ciety, she became the center of a nota
ble circle. Roscoe Conkling was a fre
quent visitor, and President Grant. Phil '
Sheridan. Senator Sherman and others
also went to talk of old times and dis- |
cuss affairs of the clay.
The payment of the mortgage on the
place, which was about to be foreclosed,
and the settling of an allowance of $3000
a year on her by her father's and her own
friends put an end to the financial ruin
that had long threatened her; and with
her two daughters she set herself to work, |
with a determination in keeping with the
high spirit and independence of character
that had always been one of her most not
able traits, to restore the fortunes of her |
family by raising garden vegetables.
chickens and eggs for the lovers of good ,
living in Washington, among whom she
had many* friends. At this she was quite
successful, but of late had not been able
to give her personal attention to the man
agement, and affairs have not gone so
well. Yet the spectacle of the beautiful
and talented daughter of Chief Justice ,
Chase as a market gardener has been one I
of the frequent topics of Washington gos- j
sip.
an estimate of the amount of- money each 1
committee will need. It was decide., to
communicate with General Shafter re
questing him to hold the troops subject
to the orders of the reception committee.
A committee, consisting of Mrs. De Itoos,
Miss Armstrong and J. W. Lewis, was ■
appointed a committee on badges.
A communication was received from
Grand Secretary Herman Schaffner of '-
the Grand Lodge of Knights of Pythias,
giving the information that it Is likely .
that the local lodges will take part ;
In the parade, and that the Uni
form Rank of the order will also turn
out to welcome the soldiers. A number
of the members of the Ancient Order of
I'nited Workmen called to ascertain what
they could do In the matter of the recep
tion. The desired Information was given, !
and they promised to bring the matter be
fore their respective lodges. Up to ;
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon 596 invita
tions had "been sent to fraternal order.-:.
HIS WIFE LEFT HIM
AND HE TOOK HIS LIFE
Thomas Lapsley, an upholsterer, re
siding at 790 Harrison street, near Fourth,
committed suicide early yesterday morn
ing at the house of his friend, William
Archer. 417%. Fifth street. I.apsley quar
reled with his wife and separated from
her some time ago. Ever since the sep
aration he had been despondent, and on
Sunday he told Miss Kennedy, his land
lady's daughter, that he intended to kill
himself. After he left the house he be.
came intoxicated— something quite un
usual for him— went to the residence
of his friend. Mr. Archer, on Sunday
night. Archer put him to bed and left
him to sleep off his fit.
At 7 o'clock yesterday morning when
Mr. Archer went to the room to wake
I.apsley he found him dead. The body
was yet warm, but there was nothing iii
the room to indicate the manner in
which Lapsley had committed suicide. A
small bottle of a bromo preparation for
the cure of headache was found in a
pocket of the dead man, but the vial had
not been opened.
On the front and back of an envelope
Lapsley bad scrawled in leadDencll some
almost unintelligible line... All that could
be deciphered was the following:
To Those Whom It May Concern— I.
Thomas Lapsley, hereby take the life that 1
earned through my most forgiven acts In this
world. What a miserable world It Is! Every
body is for himself, but I am. for one, for
everybody. No more. • • • My friends
el_n..nei • • • T am MM t-n-Aav n^w..l X.,
ENTWISTLE NOW
A REAR ADMIRAL
Six Months Ago He Was
a Commander.
— —
PRAISED BY ADMIRAL DEWEY
— — -
SERVED IN THE NAVY DURING
THE CIVIL WAR.
—4)
Dewey Says the Victory at Manila
Was Largely Due to Ent
wistle's Excellent Man
agement.
» ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, July 31.
From commander to rear-admiral in less
than six months is the remarkably quick
jump made by James Entwlstle, chief en
gineer cf Admiral Dewey's fleet, as a re
j sult of the action just taken by the Navy
| Department in ordering his retirement,
; with the rank and three-quarters sea pay
|of his next highest grade. By the oper
| ation of the navy personnel law Rear Ad
i miral Entwlstle was transferred to the
! line of the navy with the rank of cap
! tain. By a provision of the same law of
j ficers who served in the war of the re
bellion are entitled to retire with the rank
lof the next highest grade. The grade of
I commodore having been abolished by the
•same law, rear admiral is the next highest
I grade to that which Entwlstle obtained
;by his transfer to the line. Hence his pro
i motion to the rank of rear admiral.
Entwlstle was in the navy during the
Civil War and has served Uncle Sam on
the seas ever since. When the war was
declared with Spain he had risen to be
fleet engineer with Dewey's squadron. He
was on the Olympia at the admiral's side
, during the battle, and his promptitude
: was such that he was complimented after
-1 ward by Dewey. The great commander
I declared, too. that the faultless condition
of the machinery throughout the fleet
and the excellent management of Entwls
tle were largely responsible for the wip
! ing out of the Spaniards.
Admiral Dewey furthermore referred In
i a very complimentary manner to Entwls
•! tie in a speech which he made in Aus
: tria. He must have spoken at headquar
ters as well, for it was not long after
the great battle that a commission as
captain arrived for Entwlstle.
Captain Entwistle was near the ago
limit and was sent to his home in Pater
son N. J., with the expectation of being
retired He is spending the summer at
. Lake George and received no information.
; of the action in his case until a few days
! asro Then he had a letter from Acting
Secretary Allen of the Navy Department
informing him of his retirement under the
: provisions of the personnel bill. The let
ter also informed Captain Entwistle that
he would hereafter have the rank and.
three-quarters of the sea pay of a rear
3 Rear Admiral Untwistle will finish the
' summer at the lake and thinks^ he may
- afterward be assigned to shore duty. Ha
has just received a fine medal of the sort
ordered by Congress for all the heroes oC
Manila.
Silver Paramount, Says Teller.
SEATTLE. July 31.— United States Sen
ator Teller of Colorado arrived here to
night from Vancouver. B. C. Discussing
national politics. Senator Teller said Mc-
Kinlev and Bryan would be the opposing
candidates in 1900 and the money question
would be the paramount issue. As to the
Philippine question, he thought that the
United States should maintain control
over the Islands.
Encampment of Clergymen.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 31— The annual
summer encampment of Methodist minis
ters, members of the- California Confer
: ence, was opened in this city to-night by-
Rev ' Dr. W. W. Case, presiding elder of
the San Francisco district. The opening
address "Jesus in Prophecy," was deliv
ered by Rev. E. P. Dennett. A large num
! ber of clergymen were present.
Pickpockets at Work.
Mrs. J. Babrs, who lives at 812 Van Ness
avenue, reported at police headquarters
yesterday that her pocketbook, contain
ing $0, had been stolen from her pocket
while she was watching the parade at
Bush street and Van Ness avenue. There
were also several ferry tickets in the
pocketbook.
■ ♦ ■
Suicide in a Cemetery.
SEATTLE. July 31.— body of Jesse
K. Cowles of St. Paul, Minn., was found
in the G. A. R. cemetery this morning.
He had committed suicide with laudanum.
Cowles was about 30 years old and came
to this city about two weeks ago. His
failure to obtain employment Is assigned
as the cause of his suicide.
Veitinger Was Murdered.
SAN DIEGO, July 31_— fnystcians wno
have examined the remains of Jacob Veit
inger, tin- aged German whose charred
body was found in the ruins of his cabin,
declare that the old man was murdered
and the body burned. Efforts are being
made to find Vicente Rosario, the sus
pected Indian, but so far without success.
Sir James Edgar Dead.
OTTAWA. Ont., July 31. — Sir James
Edgar, Speaker of the House of Commons,
died at Toronto to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
 «J*sjJk In the olden days men
ViVl/* 2*» were physically, at least,
y -All /__t\ worthy of the admiration of
\ I^^v^--*4k women. It is a great big
\ if * *k\ some tbing for a woman
V \ v _. _j|L \to feel that her husband
>Li ' A"v\ V_ * s truly a . capable
'_tY~''j_r\ \____ an( l intrepid pro-
ißA'cJHr: #e*tay tector. It is a com-
J Af^SSa D £*sW\ • r ° rt • r ° r ncr to •**■•-
H#__aW/ ( that he has * he
//imls^sv.l s-\ physical stamina
I I urn/ \-~£ \ and courage to dc-
/l I /l_«_V Tk l fend her through
Lp .v//ifii_--'lHK*^ A a " " t_le v ' c *■ s 'i"
fl J-n^S YFKcS^r tude s of life.
'(' A^!&la&L -j-g|fc_f^ Nowadays there
/ 111 uL_fi*a m___!m____J not 1100 t° ad-
•^l /y^_-___=JS^t KjS^>-\ mire bout th?
-fjr J^~~^«^i_,-3~™S £oaverage0 average ma n
"v./^"*-* . from a physical
standpoint. He maybe a moral and a men-
tal giant, but the flesh of ill-health is weak,
and he is probably a physical coward. It is
not in nature for a sickly man to be a brave
man. His spirit may be willing but his
body is weak. That is the man's own fault.
Any man can be healthy who will pay a lit-
tle common sense a^.f-ntion to his health
when he has it, and when he gets a little
out of sorts, take the right remedy. Many
of the diseases that afflict mankind are
traceable directly to indigestion, torpidity
of the liver and impurities in the blood.
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is
the greatest medicine for disorders of this
nature. It strengthens a weak stomach,
corrects all disorders of the digestion, gives
edge to the appetite, invigorates the liver,
purifies and enriches the blood and tones
up and invigorates the nerves. It searches
out disease germs, kills them and carries
them out of the system. It is the great
blood-maker, flesh-builder and nerve-tonic
and restorative. It makes strong, healthy
men out of weak, sickly invalids. Medi-
cine dealers sell it and no honest dealer will
urge a substitute upon you.
•• I have been taking Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery and Pellets' and must say that
they have worked wonders in my case." write*
Mr I L. Pack, (Box 175), of Hinton, Summers
Co \V Va " I feel like a new person, in fact I
thin*-; I am well, but will take one more bottle to
make sure the cure is permanent. I cannot
speak too highly of the ' Discovery-' I can eat
anything now without misery in my stomach. I
have gained some eight or ten pounds, weighing
as heavy as I did three years ago.
" The medicine certainly worked like a charm
on me. out when I first began to take it I
felt a lMle worse for a few days; had paina
through mv body and bones, but all this left me
after tai ng the medicines four or five days."
34
In the World of Sport
RIVAL QUEENS
OF THE TURF IN
BATTLE ROYAL
Briar Sweet and Imp
in a Race.
— —
CALIFORNIA MARE QUITS
— • —
TAILS TO GET ANY PART OF THE
MONEY.
4)
In a Furious Drive the Suburban
Winner Gets the Verdict From
Firearm by a Short
Nose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 31.— The chief event
at Brighton Beach to-day was the Islip
stakes, one mile, in which Imp, Briar
Sweet, Firearm and Peep o' Day went to
tho post, with Briar Sweet as the favorite
and Imp a strong second choice* Firearm
being next in consideration and Peep
o' Day the outsider. They* got away In
perfect line, with Firearm in the ad at
the lower turn and Imp and Bralr Sweet
following. The Belmont cast-off set a
cracking pace for the quartet ami kept it
up for fully six furlongs, when they
came Into the stretch. Then clay slid
in next the rail and tried, conclusions
with the leader, Maher taking Briar
Sweet to the outside with the same ob
ject in view. Down the stretch they
flew, every boy driving his hardest. Briar
Sweet was the first to crack and dropped
to the rear going into the last furlong,
leaving Imp and Firearm to light it out
to the end, and they rushed past the
judges a short nose apart, with the
"Western mare in front, in the fast time of
1:40 3-5. Summary:
Five furle-incs— L,ady Cncas won, Clea second.
Beautiful third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
Five and ._ half furlongs— Stuart won. Stand
ing second, Modrlne third. Time, 1:08 3-6.
Pix furlongs— Box won, Donald Bain, second,
Glorian thiru. Time. 1:14 1-5.
One mile and forty yards— Maid of Harlem
won. Althea second. Dr. Barker third. Time,
1:44 4-5.
The I'llr. one mile lmp won. Firearm sec
ond, Beep o* Day third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Handicap, hurdles, two miles— Premier won,
Harry C second. The Lost Chord third. Time,
ST. LOUIS, July 21.— light rain made the
track at the Fair Grounds a little slow. Re
sults:
Selling, one and an eighth miles— Joe Gentry
won, Governor M Henry second, Terra Incog
nita'third. Time. 1:59.
Selling, six furlongs— Ladas won, Ruby Riley
second, Sidtilla third. Time, 1:15.
Two-year-olds, five and a half furlongs-
Felix Hard won. Haviland second, Glissando
third. Time, 1:10.i
Handicap, six furlongs— Tom Collins won.
Imp. King Gold second, Tulla Fonso third.
Time. 1:15.
Selling, one mile and seventy yards— Rush- '
fields won. Gaston second, Basquil third. Time,
Six furlongs— Sorrow won, Diser second, Elbe
third. Time. 1:17.
SARATOGA, X. V.. July 31.— Fine weather,
a fast track and a good attendance were the
conditions to-day at the Saratoga track. Re-
Bults:
Five Mischievous won, May Jane
second. Delay third. Time. 1:01%.
One and three-eighths miles— Laverock won,
The ■•::!, Adoiph Spreckeis third.
Time. 2:2l'i.
Five and a half furlongs— Sakhrat won, Fta
mora second, Post Haste third. Time. I:OSVt.
One and a sixteenth miles— Weller won,
Cathedral second, Miss Patron third. Time,
1:49 V
Six furlongs— Mai won. Rose O'Lee second,
Ineenamara third. Time, 1:16.
CHICAGO. July 31.— Weather clear, track
fast at Harlem to-day. Results:
Six furlongs— -.v. en. Tenole second,
Amelia Fonso third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Rosa Dlah won, Oconee sec
ond. Thrive third. Time, 1:01%;
One and one-eighth miles. selling—
Thompson won, Periwig second, Tulane third.
Time. 1:53%.
One mile— Deering won, Eberhart second,
Espionage third. Time, 1:40%.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Pay the
Fiddler won, Rosavannah second, Hanlight
third. Time. 1:45.
Six and half furlongs— Algaretta won, Can
ace second. Flora Louise third. Time, 1:21.
DETROIT, July 31.— The weather was clear
and the Windsor track fast to-day. Results:
Seven furlongs— Guilder won. Amber Glints
second, Pearl third. Time. 1:28.
Four and '.he-half furlongs, selling — Owens
boro won, Onoto second. Prince Real third.
Time. :56.
One mile, selling— Rena Campbell won. Colo
nel Cluke second, Laurentian third. Time,
1:42.
Six furlongs, selling— Payne won, Be
Light second. Triune third. Time, 1:14%.
One and one-sixteenth miles Eln won, En
nomia second, Ollie Dixon third. Time. 1:47%.
Mile and one-sixteenth, Wordsworth
won. Vannessa second, Ellsmere third. Time,
1:49.
THE ABBOTT FIRST
IN STRAIGHT HEATS
Easily Wins the 2:08 Trot on the
Opening Day of the Columbus
Meeting.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 31.— The Grand
Circuit meeting opened to-day under the
Biost favorable conditions. The weather
was clear and the track fast, though it
will improve considerably with continued
fair weather. There were three races on
the card and, with the exception of the
2:23 pace, they were almost featureless.
The big race of the day was the 2:08
trot, with four starters— The Abbott,
Eagle Flanagan, Kentucky Union and
Mattle Patterson. The Abbott was almost
a prohibitive favorite, and the bay gelding
did not disappoint his backers, winning in
straight heats. Eagle Flanagan was ex
pected to give The Abbott a brush, but
the favorite won with ease, being crowded
only in the second and third heats. The
Abbott clipped a quarter of a second off
his record in the second heat, when he
went the mile in 2:07%.
In the 2:14 pace Hob Fitzsimmons won in
straight heats, taking the first In the fast
time of 2:07%. There were nine starters In
this race, but Bob Fitzsimmons was al
most a. prohibitive favorite.
The 2:23 pace furnished the only excite
ment of the day. There were seven start
ers. Although Shade On was picked by
many to win. Wandering Jew sold favor
ite in the pools and his backers did not
flinch when Shade On landed the first
heat. Only four horses remained in the
race after the first heat- Wandering Jew,
Shade On, Beauty Spot and Mount Clem
ens Boy. The Jew took the second and
third heats in apparently easy style and
looked a sure winner, but in the fourth
he broke several times and showed evi
dence of weakening, dropping Into fourth
•place, while- Shade On took the heat.
When the horses scored for the fifth heat
it was evident that the Jew was out of it.
He nearly fell just after he passed the
wire and trailed far behind the bunch,
being shut out of second money by the
distance flag. There was a sharp brush
between Shade On and Mount Clemens
Boy at the finish, but the former won by
a length under the whip. Results:
t.OS trot, purse.. 19000- The • Abbott won In
straight beats. Time, 2:09%, 2:07*4: 1:07%,
Eagle Flanagan second, Hattle Patterson
third. Kentucky Union also started.
2:14 pace, purse, $3000— Boh Fitzsimmons won
ln straight heats. Time, 2:07- i. 2:10. 2:09. Fair
view second. Blaze Boy third. Star Hall,
Gypsy Lady. Walnut Lad. Sweet Violet, Lily
of the Valley and Burd Patch also started.
2:23 pace, purse, $3000— Shade On won first,
fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:17%; 2:17.
1:18%. Mount Clemens Boy second. Beauty
Spot third. Wandering Jew, distance^ In fifth
heat, won second ' and third heats. Time,
2:09*4. 2:09%. Annie Thornton, Maude Emperor
and Frazier also started.
REDS WIN A GAME
FROM THE LEADERS
| McJames' Wildness and Lack of Sup
port in Two Innings Defeat
Brooklyn.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....60 2S .652 Pittsburg ...46 42 .52.
Boston 53 33 .616 Cincinnati ..*A 43 .606
Philadelphia 51 3". .593 Louisville .. .38 49 .437
St. Louis 50 36 .580 Mew Y0rk. ..35 55 .389
Baltimore ...50 38 .SSO .■■-.: -. 34 67 .374
Chicago 46 40 .535 Cleveland ...15 73 .170
CINCINNATI, July St.— McJames was wild
ahd poorly supported In the eighth and ninth
innings and the Re.. won when the game
s-eemed sure for the leaders. Attendance, 2SOO.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 7 0
Brooklyn 3 S 4
Batteries— Phillips and Peltz; McJamea and
McGuire. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
CHICAGO, July 31.— Chlcagos played
their regular game in the field to-day for the
first time in several weeks, but could not over
come the Washington hoodoo. With a lead of
four runs, they went to pieces in the fifth and
never recovered from the slump. Attendance,
1100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 5 12 i
Washington 8 13 1
Batteries and Chance; Weyhing and
Kittredge. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
PITTSBURG, July 31.— Chesbro filled the
bases in the first inning on balls and let Mo-
Graw in on a' wild pitch. After that he stead
led down and with good support kept the hits
well scattered. Attendance, 2 - 00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 7 11 2
Baltimore 3 3 4
Batteries Chesbro and Bowerman: Hill and
Robinson. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE, July 31.— Giants played
poor ball to-day and the Colonels had easy
sailing. Doyle talked too long and too loud to
Umpire Smith and was removed from the
game. Attendance, 1000. Score:
,-.... R. H. V.
Louisville 8 12 3
New York 3 3 4
Batteries— Phlllppl and Zimnvr; Carrick and
Will. Umpires— Manassau and Smith.
ST. LOUIS, July Rain prevented the
game between Boston and St. Louis to-day.
TEMPLE YACHT CLUB
RETAINS FRENCH CUP:
Count de Castellane's Yacht Partially
Disabled and Left Far
Astern.
WES, July 31.— 1n the contests of the
London Yacht Club in the Solent to-day
the Meteor, Bona and Rainbow started at
10 o'clock in the race for the big yachts.
The course -was about forty miles. The
Rainbow gave up the race. The yachts
finished as follows: Meteor, 4:32:15; Bona,
4:11:06. The Meteor, however, allows
eleven minutes forty-two seconds. There
fore the Meteor won by seven minutes
nine seconds.
The second of the three International
yacht races for the French cup, held by
the Temple Yacht Club, was started
shortly after noon to-day. The course
was from Ryde pier ton miles to wind
ward and return. A nice southeasterly
breeze was blowing:. The challenger and
defender crossed the line as follows:
The Anna— Count Boni de Castellane
12:00:20.
The rea— ward 12:02:21.
The Laurea' finished at 3:07:39, at which
time the Anna was far astern, her steer
ing gear having become deranged. The
Temple Yacht Club is thus the winner of
two out 'if three races and retains the
j French cup. _■'
AMERICAN YACHT
BEATS CANADIAN
The Constance Wins the Sewanhaka
Cup From Glencairn
111.
DORVAL, Que., -July Glencairn 111
and Constance, respectively Canadian de
fender and American challenger for the
Sewanhaka cup. started at 1:25 p. m. in
the second contest of their series of three
races in five. The first race on Friday
last was won by Constance. The boats
sail a total of twelve miles in each race.
To-day's course was triangular, one and
a third miles to a leg, to be sailed over
three times.
The Constance turned the first buoy of
the first round at 1:48:30; Glencairn turned
at 1:51:20. Glencairn had to make an
extra tack to do lt and lost considera
bly. _, i.
The Constance turned the second buoy
at 1:58 and the Glencairn at 1:59:44.
The Constance rounded the third buoy
and completed eight miles at 2:19:23; the
Glencairn at 2:52J9. ■■" ■': ',
The Constance turned the first buoy of
the last round at 3:12:14; the Glencairn
at 3:15:50. _ , ..
The Constance won the race, finishing
at 3:30:00; the Glencairn at 3:30:54.
JONES DEFEATS HARPER.
Recovers the Tennis Championship
of Monterey County.
DEL. MONTE, July 31.— James Harper,
holder of the tennis singles championship
of Monterey County for 1898, and A. W.
Jones Jr., winner of the '99 county tour
nament,, played a match for the county
championship of the year 1899 on the main
court at this place this afternoon. The
play was fast throughout, each man doing
splendid work. Harper won the first set
in good style, the score being 6—l, but
Jones took the next three sets by scores
of 7—5, 6 — &—4. Leon Greenebaum of San
Francisco umpired the match, John Wil
ley of Pacific Grove acting as scorer.
Jones held the county championship for
three years, losing to Harper in 1597, since
which the latter has successfully defend
ed the title until to-day.
Matthews Defeats Connolly.
NEW YORK, July 31.— Mattie Mat
thews of New York defeated Eddie Con
nolly of St. Johns in a twenty-flve-round
bout before the Coney Island Sporting
Club to-night. They met at 138 pounds,
and at the end of the mill the referee,
George Edwards, decided that Matthews
had won. This ruling was not well re
ceived by many of the spectators, who
hissed and yelled at the referee, but Mat
thews had clearly the better of it. hav
ing administered twice as much punish
ment as he received. Jerry Marshall of
Australia defeated Bob Allen of Boston
In a twenty-round bout.
Ward and Davis Win at Tennis.
BOSTON. July 31.— The Eastern tennis
championship In doubles was won to-day
in the New England tournament at Long
wood by the Harvard team, H. Ward and
D. F. Davis, who had no difficulty In dis
posing of C. it. Budlongand Beals Wright
in straight sets. Ward and Davis, during
the tennis week at Newport, will meet
H. 11. Sack, and P. W. Allen, the Yale
pair, who won the Western championship
at Chicago, and the*- winners will be en
titled to play Ware and Sheldon for the
national championship.
Maiksmen Win Trophies.
MARYS VI I. July 31.— At the annual
tournament and dove stew held at Shel
ton's Grove under the auspices of the
Yuba and Sutter Gun Club M. Naumann
of San Francisco won the Appeal medal,
killing twelve straight birds. The Native
Sons of the Golden West diamond medal
was won by John Sanders of Smartsville.
Hale to Ride a "Century" Daily,
LONDON, July 31. - •'Teddy" Hale, the
Irish bicycle racer, started from Holburn
viaduct to-day in an effort to ride 100
miles daily for a year, Sundays excepted.
IHxon-Santry Match Postponed.
ST. LOUIS. July 31.— The Dixon-Santry
boxing contest, which was scheduled for
to-night, has been indefinitely postponed,
owing to police Interference.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1. 1899.
BICYCLE RIDERS
PAY LIGHT FINES
Round- Up of Wheelmen
in San Mateo.
— »
ENFORCING AN ORDINANCE
■ ♦ ■
USE OF BELLS AND LAMPS i
INSISTED UPON.
4)
Redwood City Residents Spend a
Day Watching the Bringing
In of the Luckless
Pedalers.
— — ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, July Bicycle ;
riders from neighboring counties would do
well to obtain a copy of the ordinance
passed some time ago by the Board ot i
Supervisors of San Mateo County and j
carefully study Its provisions. The or- I
dinance makes it a misdemeanor to ride
at any time without a bell, and at night,
from sunset to sunrise of the following
morning, without a lamp. It is an offense
to ride with the feet off the pedals, gen
erally known as "coasting," or to drag
behind the wheel any bush, stick or other
article.
The ordinance took effect .some time
ago, but the officers were lenient with
riders, refraining from making arrests to I
give wheelmen an opportunity to become
acquainted with Its provisions. Yester- \
day, however, they commenced a crusade I
against bicyclists violating the ordinance,
and as a resull a large number of arrests I
were made. Constable Chatham and his
deputies were busy most of the day run
ning wheelmen Into the Justice's Court.
As a result the treasury of the county la ;
richer and the bicyclists poorer.
As a rule the wheelmen took their ar- :
rest in good part, pleaded guilty, paid
their tines and went on their way. Others :
swore vengeance upon the constable and
court for transacting business on a day j
of rest, but finally followed the example
of the more philosophical and paid their;
fines. One pleaded "Not guilty," demand
ed a trial and put up a $". cash bail. It ls .
understood this one took the boat for Ore- j
gon this morning, forfeiting his bail.
The fines were light and considerable ;
amusement was supplied the townspeople,
who had nothing In particular to do but i
watch the fun. From now on a firm com- !
pliance with the ordinance will be de- ,
manded, and violators cannot expect le- j
niency from the court if convicted.
THURSDAY'S COURSING DRAW.
The Midweek Reserve Stake Promises
to Be Unusually Exciting.
The midweek reserve stake to be decid
ed next Thursday at Union Coursing Park
promises to produce considerable excite
ment among the lovers of coursing. The
first course will commence immediately
after the arrival of the train which leaves
Third and Townsend streets at 10:1,*».
The draw, which was held last night at
Pythian Castle, resulted as follows:
R. A. Att ridge' ■ Masterpiece vs. George
Ehmann's Fireman; James Byrnes' Nellie B
vs. M. B. Cavanaugh'B Hard Lines; H. E.
Allen names Menlo vs. J. Kenan's Fear Not;
O. J. Olsen's Sunburst vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl; J. McCormac's White Tip vs. E. Ma
loney's Precita Girl; George Lahousen's Fire
ball vs. W. Goldman's Wise Gasabo; A. John
son's Bald Eagle vs. J. Perry's Black Sheep:
J. Ferris' Cleopatra vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Maid; J. McCormac's Woodbine vs. Handy &
Smith's Dauntless; John Kerrigan's Lady
Blanche vs. Hurley & Ridley's Star of Cuba;
George E. Ehmann's Handicap vs. Taylor &
Mitchell's Lamplighter: M. Herzog name*.
Lady Norborn vs. J. Seggerson's White Chief;
Sterl & Knowles' Wag vs. S. E. Portell's Bonny
Scotland; J. H. Smith's Merced vs. W. H.
Jones' Rust Aeneid kennels' Maid of Erin
vs. I). Ford's Hayseed: H. Hessler's Bonnie B
vs. H. Lynch's Lexington; George Sharman
names Miss Skyrocket vs. W. Cremer's Jesse
Moore: M. Lundon's Lacondldas vs. Aeneid
kennels' an Cloie; F. Price names Madge
Wildfire vs. Handy & Smith's Mooner; F.
Brown's Alma vs. H. Weber's Montana: Pasha
kennels' Heat Agent vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Miss Alice; Hurley & Ridley's Ex
pense vs. W. C. Glasson's Border Valentine:
A. L. Austin's Lord Marmlon vs. J. Jones'
Gallivant; R. E. de B. Lopez' Banner Bearer
vs. T. Hood names Geraldine: W. H. Jones'
Prinze Jerome vs. W. C. Glasson's Terrolnte;
G H. Burfeind's Pastime vs. T. Hood names
Dempsey Lass; R. Strehi's Skylark vs. Lord
& Herbst's Kerry Gow; H. A. Deckelman's Pet
Klrby vs. J. F. Hawkins' Tick Tack; R. E. de
II Lopez' Santa Rita vs. H. Lynch's Loiterer;
.1 M Halton names Briar Root vs. T. Brown's
Sweet Briar: R. At: ridge's Charming Maid vs.
Ed Wilson names Magnet; Taylor & Maxwell's
Bounding Bell vs. J. Kiernan's Master Gordon.
Horses Arriving Daily.
SANTA ROSA. July 31.— Horses are ar
riving daily at the stables of Pierce Bros.
They will take part in the racing under
the auspices of the Pacific Coast Trotting
Horse Breeders' Association, to begin Au
gust 14 and continue to the 19th. Over
200 pacers and trotters will participate.
Shamrock to Sail on Thursday.
GREENOCK, July 31.— The America's
cup challenger Shamrock will not be ready
to sail for the United States until Thurs- j
day. _________________
THE OIL INDUSTRY
RECEIVES A BOOM
AN EXCHANGE IS TO BE ESTAB-
LISHED IN THIS CITY.
A Meeting of Bepresentative Men in
the Palace Hotel Results in the
Starting of a Big
Concern.
A meeting of well-known gentlemen was
held last evening in apartments in the
Palace Hotel for the purpose of forming
an organization that has for its object the
establishment of a permanent oil ex
change In this city.
San Francisco, being the natural mar
ket for the oil production of this State,
it was decided some time ago to place an
exchange founded on the same lines as
those now in operation in Pittsburg, New
York and London.
The exchange will, through a system of
certificates very much the same as those
used in other exchanges, handle the entire
oil business of the State, thus greatly fa
cilitating the growth of the Industry and
affording great assistance to both the
buyer and the seller. All data and infor
mation pertaining to oil will be collected
and filed away for the reference and in
formation of those interested. As the.
business increases stocks will be listed
and a call board established which will
provide for a president, vice president,
treasurer, secretary and chairman and
the oil business of this State will assume
the same Importance as the wheat pit or
the mining exchange.
Tho meeting last night was only for the
purpose of getting those interested in the
enterprise together and effecting a tem
porary organization which, it Is expect
ed, will be merged Into a permanent one
somewhere about the Ist of next Septem
ber. To conduct the business of the tem
porary association the following officers
were elected: Wendell Easton, president;
Henry Crocker, treasurer; Emil E. Kahn,
secretary. ">-:.'
The association, which is an entirely
voluntary one and unincorporated, is lim
ited to fifty members, of whom the follow
ing were present to affix their names to
the by-laws: Wendell Easton, Henry J.
Crocker, Emll E. Kahn, August Water
man, Werner Stauf, R. H. Herron. E.
Gauthier. George F. Beveridge, W. H. H.
Hart, Max Wolf, P. L. Wooster, J. Kahn,
G. £>• Easton, Leon Phlpps, Jesse W.
Lllienthal, H. C. Bunker, Hermann Na
than of Fresno, J. J. Mack of Bakersfield.
Fred W. McNear, C. B. Stone. A. B.
Smith of Fresno, George D. Moore.
DOXEY IS ON
TOE VERGE OF
BANKRUPTCY
May Be Declared an
Insolvent To-Day.
♦ —
VICTIM OF KEEN COMPETITION
— • —
HE IS UNABLE TO MEET LIABILI
TIES NOW DUE.
1,
For the Past Week the Bookseller Has
Been Trying to Realize Money
by Selling His Books at
a Low Figure.
•*: —
William Doxey, the well-known book
seller and publisher, Is again in a state
of financial embarrassment, and in all
probability he will to-day petition to be
declared insolvent.
For the past week Doxey has been in
dustriously getting rid of his magnificent
stock of literary works at low figures,
and there are now many empty book
shelves in his spacious store under the
Palace. 7,. 7 7
Doxey's financial troubles were first
aired last January, and at that time his
creditors held a meeting and generously
decided to allow him to continue business,
it being agreed that he should meet some
of his liabilities at that time and others
to-day. This settlement for liabilities
amounting to $48,300 was made on a basis
of 30 cents on the dollar, 15 per cent of
the total amount being due to-day and the
balance six months hence.
Mr, Doxey states that keen competition
is mainly responsible for his financial
ruin. "Selling books at a 20 per cent dis
count will ruin anybody," said Mr. Doxey
to a CaU reporter last night. "Ever since
I first was forced to have an understand
ing with my creditors business has been
unusually bad. I have struggled hard to
keep my It ad above water, and I found
it a rather hard task. The sale which
has been in progress here for the last
week has brought in little money. I
thought that I might be able to realize
quite a sum, but I had to let the books go
at a sacrifice. The money market is dull
and the people haven't got any money.
"I will decide to-morrow what my fu
ture course will be. Whether or not I will
to-morrow petition to be declared insol
vent I am not prepared to say to-night.
I will have reached a conclusion by morn
ing."
Deep concern is felt for Mr. Doxey un
fortunate predicament. He has been one
of the landmarks of the local business
world and has hosts of sympathizers In
commercial circles.
MONEY FOR TEACHERS.
Funds Will Be Divided Between Them
and the Merchants.
As a result of the decision rendered by '
Judge Hebbard last Friday that the Mis
sion High School fund was not a separ- '
ate special fund, and could be used for i
general school purposes, teachers and
merchants who had claims under the old
board will divide about $25,000 between
them. Attorney Frank Powers, represent
ing the merchant creditors, yesterday
filed with Auditor Wells a claim for that
amount, but the Auditor Bays there is not
that much in the fund, and that there i
are teachers as well as merchants whose |
claims are upon the fund, and that he ,
will act accordingly.
Weekly Ministers' Meetings.
Rev. J. N. Beard, a delegate to the Ep
worth League convention at Indianapolis,
delivered an interesting, talk before- the j
members of the Methodist Ministers'
Union yesterday on his trip East and .
about the convention. Rev. W. S. Gilbert,
chaplain of the Second Oregon Regiment,
discussed the Philippines before the Pres
byterian Union, and Rev. Dr. Wheat read
a paper before the Congregational minis
ters on "The Prepared Effort to be Made
to Produce Successful Results in Assisting
the Poor." Rev. W. A. Wardell, dean of
McKenzie College, Paulo, Brazil, will
speak to-morrow evening In Calvary
Church in the Interest of the Christian
Endeavor Society. >•* Tuesday evening
next a mass meeting will be held in the
Howard Methodist Episcopal Church for
the purpose of appointing a committee to
make suitable arrangements for the com- j
ing of the Epworth Leaguers In 1901.
Catholic Truth Society.
The. monthly religious exercises and lec
ture of the Catholic Truth Society will
be held In St. Mary's Cathedral on next
Wednesday evening, at 8 o'clock. After
the exercises a meeting of the promoters
of the society will be held in the church
basement.
A defeCtlVe
LJeJ^ Lp/i Stomach.
iki|l A diseased
W^\ 'ji Liver. .
All these may be due t.i CHRONIC CONSTI-
PATION. Know then that chronic constipa-
tion is a serious disorder, for It ushers in seri-
ous complications. Hudyan promptly relieves
and cures constipation or costlveness. either
chronic or acute. Hudyan Insures perfect ac-
tivity of all the organs concerned in the diges-
tion of food, and the elimination of the waste
products.
Do you suffer with headache. Fig. 1; or ls
your complexion pale or sallow. Fig. 2; is your
tongue coated. Fig. 3: does your heart flutter.
Fig. 4: is your digestion Impaired. Fig. 6; Is
your liver torpid, Fig. 6? Or do you have
i dizzy spells, are you drowsy, tired and un-
energetic? All these are the results of con-
stipation and are symptoms . that Hudyan
quickly relieves.
Hudyan acts pleasantly and gently, yet ef-
fectively; Hudyan does not produce any dis-
agreeable sensations,
♦ ■"• and Is tolerated by the
EN AND weakest of stomachs.
WOMEN In fact. Hudyan
ADVISED strengthens weak
"-jpXJSr stomachs. The effect
_ ",,,' ._ if Hudyan Is perma-
Call or Write. I nent an^ lasting.
*♦* •* Hudyan purifies the
blood creates rosy cheeks and a clear skin, es-
tablishes a glow of health. Hudyan will give
you a splendid appetite: will give you strength.
Hudyan is for sale by all druggists for 50c
a package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
TOU MAY CONSULT THE HUPYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL. OR WRITE. -.:■-.■.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets, Stricture,
•nd analogous complaint, of th. Organ, of
Generation. •-. . .--'''
Price Jl a bottle. For sal. by druggists.
fits Into Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
I who have used them for forty year, to our.
I BICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pin-
-1 pies and purify th. blood. .-' ..■*',---
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND I
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
! OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- |
! surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
; complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. . „-,„ 7,„__
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician ln attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer ana
I small game plentiful; magnificent drives,
; baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet. ,
Reached by the shortest stage route Into LAKe
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. JS; via Cailst. J9.^
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S F & N P. Rail fay to Hopland, or
PPR R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam- j
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG.
' Highland Springs. Lake County, Cal.. or see ,
1 L D. CRAIG. 310 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland. _„*,..,,._,
■ . AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
i ~~
W m MOUNT HAMILTON "3
M- II and the Great Lick Ob- }__ :
=&_- 11 1 = " "i . servatory the visitor sees _
*~~fe the stars and earth as —_ '
they can be seen from no •*"—?
other point. Hotel Yen- " §|
3 dome is starting and stop- a
ping place for all Mount '__
gi Hamilton visitors. Our lit- 3
HI tie book tells the story of g
g| : : a trip to Lick. Write for g
Hi GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., g
Eft 7l San Jose. j|
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4H HOURS
from San Francisco and but i miles" stag-
; ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
: natural bath in State; swimming and boating;'
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
! afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 HO. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
: week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
../ETNA SPRINGS.,
The balmy air and tlje waters,
With rest and bountiful fare, will
maKe you feel as good as new.
Details and rates cheerfully furnished by
W. L Mitchell, mgr., Aetna Springs, Napa
County, or J. 11. Simpson. Odd Fellows" Bldg.,
San Francisco. Telephone Mint 1535.
I SARATOGA SPRINGS, bounty.
Up in ths mountains near the lakes,
and in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.50
J. Martens, prop. ; city offlce, 41* Pine st.
The Place for r\T3 riTT A T3TV n ft« FOOT -
ORCHARDh.™ •»>.
HEALTH SPRINGS »«?"« 9 i.
**"■ itiiivk/ the C. P. H.R.
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Mileß from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chi:_,go Park, Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, <"AL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
i Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
pie accommodations In Hotel; also in new
cottages. Just completed.
Mrs. A. T. MOORE.
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP., NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
bathe. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
ls bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
boating on lake: boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, JS to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River. 2H miles frcm Guerneville.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terms, $7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
BAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guerneville, Cal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick, Siskiyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors. (
•>^___lSH^_H^_rM_M«__Mfc_____B«Kd_M_H
Interesting
..Paso Robles..
Many points of Interest n
near Paso Robles. Beau- S
tiful drives over mountain g
and valley to places of re- 9
nown. The mud and mm- »
eral baths of Paso Robles H
are world famous. Our g
little book tells about §
them. Write for lt. |
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop., |
Paso Robles. R
City Offlce. 636 Market st. |
t ... u .i.i..->- j »bi- ■■-..-_■ MBi'm— |g
-^Shasta Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMMING RETREATS j
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP, j
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE |
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND I
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel). _^__
niini BAA HOT SPRINGS. - This
Ufi IJ fl IV S B beautiful summer and
I UnUlllll winter resort, now
I rillffll%#W cwned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of hi? guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Ranpo Mountains, at an elevation of 1(300 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages: good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
| cupying entire cottages, or Invalids cr others
i remaining more than one month. Trains daily
i from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
i stage to Paraiso.) Round trip, $8. For further
! information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
I ralso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St., S. F.
YRON
-*"^ HOT SPRINGS
Have the only known remedy
for Rheumatism — the Hot
Mineral Blth"*. Address Inquiries to
A. BETTENS, Mgr.. at the Springs, or LOM-
BARD & CO., room 30, 22& Geary st., agents.
|, —
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
F., at 9a. m. and 245 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
ls located in the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
_
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa County. Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury In the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house.
Board and lodging, including baths. $9 and $10
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit Thii Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. In the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison, oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL . ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery: mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better ln Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY-A . MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco Table under personal care of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings: new management, JOHN NEVILU
Proprietor. .. .-.':.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RE-SORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 8100 feet. Large, lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $8 to JlO per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. «'aUvi!!». Napa County. Cal.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT go ont ?h C a°r 8 £
lng spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
8% Hours* Ride From Los Angeles, CaL
. AMERICA'S FOREMOST iiESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod;
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May I
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna. Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring at,
Los Angeles. Cal., or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS. Agents, 621 Market St., San Fran-
cisco. _^^__^^___________________
i .
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the Slate.
Unequaled fishing, sailing,. cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street.
SAN' FRANCISCO.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations flrst-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains and Sat. ev«e. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Offlce, 912 Larkln st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUtLDING: HAND-
some furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
modern convenience: electric bells and lighting;
perfect sanitary plumbing. . Strictly flrst-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths;
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL. Hopland. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRING*".
Glen Ellen. Sonoma County; also 20 com-
i p';ptely furnished 5-room cottages: good boat-
I ing, fishing and hunting: fine.'-, summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases In America:
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Dnnnel. 1021*4 Market at, bet
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit.
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LI'TTRINGER, Seavlew, Sonoma County.
of apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st.. S. F., for
particulars. '■___ _
riDfCRAn Most beautiful spot In Laka
WAKLODAU County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homellhe manner, with .one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 50. 9. F. and N. P. to Uklah: thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha. Laka
County. Cat ____,
\7/~aCF : IVII r l f--' San Francisco to Chl-
I UoLl'il 1 __-.• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade: home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH, Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZIANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. '* .<^.-:
»■■ ;
...DO NOT...
Be Without.
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting tha
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents per Week
65 Cents per Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.
_..^fXZictxZStzJZsrL a B IS fi l" ' non-ro.*onoas
lt*______^^t__l remedy for et,e>ll hu>a,
j__W_r\. I"!.!; Gleet, poraaatorrho. a,
£&¥•</ in Ito iJ»ya.^B White's, unnatural ii*.
Smd_f (imiLnuei yjg charged, or any inflamma-
_Ait% not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
|j» 'WPMTeau top'.tgli-D. tlon ol nt neons niem-
■ffSlTKtEvmS CHEWe-100, -" ">••*. Non-astringent.
Ifig^ClNClNmi.O.BßSfl Sola *-**' •>*-n.;-riM>..
•^fekjaW 0 -• i ____W nr sent in plain wrapper.
_^_9b__. ' " y&VI ,1? express, rr.'paid. l<*
< *s7M\__W__X_M m 9 i _\ £'-°"' or * bottloa, $..:&.
v 13 Circular seas on inrtasfc
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health ani
; Elrenfftb to sexual organs. Depot, — i Mark**GENERAL OTIS
NOT EQUAL TO
THE OCCASION
An Officer Says Many Lives and
Much Money Could Be Saved
in the Philippines.
An officer of one of the volunteer
regiments now in the Philippines
has written the following letter to
the Associated Press:
MANILA. June 27.— The arrival of the:
rainy season firi<ls the insurrection as
bulk. and vigorous as it has been any
time since the outbreak. The insurgent
armies arc well recruited, notwithstand
ing their heavy losses, and are well fed
and clothed. They have profited by their
five months of warfare against the Ameri
cans. They are fast adopting American
tactics ami are becoming better disci
plined and more skillful ln the use of
their weapons every day.
This is the unanimous judgment of the
troops who have been at the front all
through the fighting. The repeated stor
ies sent home about the collapse of the in
surrection are the fanciful dreams of cor
respondents and army officers, who never
venture outside the. walls of Manila.
The American people and the adminis
tration have been too long deceived with
regard to conditions here. Many lives and
millions of dollars will be saved by a
frank understanding of the true state of
affairs, followed by measures adequate to
crush th*- insurrection promptly. One hun
dred thousand soldiers should be here
ready for business by the beginning of the
dry season, in November. Garrisons could
then be stationed at strategic points and
freth troops be available to relieve 'n* s
exhausted columns. Continuous ; blows
would rapidly drive the Insurgents into
corners where I hey might be captured or
starved into submission, but a continuous
warfare cannot he carried on in this ener
vating climate by the same troops. 1- re
fluent reliefs are necessary. Troops should
not be kept here longer than a year. Men
from a northern climate retain their na
tive vigor for six or eight months after
arrival here, and then begin to succumb
to the. various ailments of tropical weath
er. This is exemplified in the case of the
volunteers and those regulars who have
been in the Philippines since last summer.
The most of them arc saturated with ma
laria, many have rheumatism and all are
greatly debilitated. They are unfit for
further duty. ami recuperation seems slow
and unsatisfactory. As it has been with
them so is it likely to be with their suc
cessors. _■-■' , .
Bui the ope great need in a successful
campaign is a commanding general who
can keep the light going all along the
line at he same "time. It is a great prev
alent belief among the troops now in the
Philippines; regulars as well as volun
teers that General Otis is not equal to
the occasion. He is regarded as being al
together too one-sided, too cranky and too
Blow. Generals Lawton; Mac Arthur,
Wheato'n and Funston are favorites It
is an open secret in many circles that
Gener.ll Otis takes none, of them into his
confidence. Genarl Mac Arthur is the only
one of the four on friendly terms with
General Otis. ._ ,
A mistaken impression seems to obtain
in the United States as to the extent of
the insurrection. The 3,000,000 Tagals are
the leaders in it, but by no means are
thev'a'one. All reports from every island
in the archipelago agree that the Filipinos
everywhere are alike hostile to the Amer
icans although some carry their hostil
ity to greater lengths than others. All
alike have suffered from 300 years of
Spanish oppression and a like cause has
bred a like distrust of the white man. The
10,000,000 million people of the Philippines
are as highly civilized as the 12.000.000
people of Mexico. Their civilization, too.
lias many points of similarity to the Mex
ican, both having been derived from
Spanish sources.
If .j,, American people will Imagine, the
I'nited States to ha-.'- 1 acquired Mexico
agaih-t her will, am! to be engaged in an
attempt to put down a universal rebellion
of the Mexicans with 20,000 troops, they
will have a duplicate picture at close
range of the situation in the Philippines,
with the exception thai the climate of the
Philippines is from 10 to 15 degrees more
tropical than that of Mexico.
The volunteers here were much amused
at the news that the Postmaster General
had forbielder. the circulation of Edward
Atkinson's anti-expansionist documents
through the mails on the ground that
tlkv might create mutiny among the
troop= They accept this explanation as
evidence that the administration looks
upon the soldiers here is a band of chil
dren. The troops are virtually united
against the annexation of the Philippines,
regardless of Edward Atkinson and the
Postmaster-General.
OTIS SENDS LIST OF
KILLED AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON. July 31.— General Otis
has cabled the following additional cas
ualties:
Killed— July 26. at Calamba. Quarter-,
master Sergeant Fred Suppinal, Company
I, Twenty-first Infantry.
Wounded— Fourth Cavalry, Troop G.
James A. Reese, leg, severe; First Wash
ington Infantry.' company H. Fred 1..
Ballau. shoulder, slight; Twenty-first In
fantry. Company D. Peter Christie, tem
ple, severe: Twenty-first Infantry, Com
pany I". Charles Grotter.dick, abdomen,
severe; Twenty-first Infantry. Company -
I, Corporal Godwin J. Rane, back, severe;
Twenty-first Infantry, Company H. Wil
liam H. Phillips, hand, slight : July 27. at
San Fernando— Third Artillery, Battery
L. J. Virger. ear. slight.
The War Department also received the
following death report from General Otis
at Manila.
From gunshot wound, accidental, May |
fi- -Henry Retime. Third Infantry.
Baecabulos. June 15, a_t Carlota; Ne- .
gros^Charles , irdinell, Company F, First |
California: .. • . . . . !
Tuber, meningitis. June 23— Frank |
I Murray, Company A. First California.
'Diarrhea. July 11— Frank Rohr.er. Com
pany M. Twenty-third Infantry: July 2o— !
\\-esl-v I yttle. Wyoming Infantry.
Deaths from typhoid fever—Peter
Mari«e Third Infantry. Company *• ; July
2". -John F. Walker, corporal, Company
G. Fifiv-llrst lowa.
Slvt accidentally. July 22— James Mc-
Guire quartermaster sergeant Sixteenth
Infantry; Company B: syncope— Christian
Rosold, Company M, Seventeenth In
fantry.
Dysentery—John J. Bowen, Company
G First -California; July 24— Thomas
Brether; sergeant. Ninth Infantry, Com-
I ja ">' H !-
Peritonitis — William Boacbane, Com
pany F. First Idaho.,-' , ,
Anaemia. July 23 — William Nicholas,
Fourth Infantry; Company E.
Stabbed by natives. July John M.
Garmble. Third Artillery. Battery K.
Knteriiis. July 23 — George Galler,
Twelfth Infantryi Company A.
_
BRUSH WITH REBEL
FORCES AT BABALYNOS!
MANILA. •■'.'':■ 31.— A Company of the
Sixth Infantry, commanded by Captain
Simps l.ns Tia'd an encounter at Baba
lynos on tlie west coast of the Island, of
Negro:-, with a rebel force. The latter
lost eighteen men killed. There were no
casualties on the American side.
The I'nited States transport Grant sailed
for the I'nited States to-day. having* on
board 4SI men of the Idaho regiment, 540
of the North i '.live. regiment and -Ti ot
the Wyoming regiment.
PASSENGERS HERDED •
ON AN OIL-TANK CAR
Southern Pacific Hospitality Illus- j
trated to the Disgust of
Sacramentans.
SACRAMENTO, July 81.— number of
mentans are making the air vocal
with complaints respecting the treatment j
they were subj< cted to last night at the j
hands of the Southern Pacific Company. i
A railroad trestle between Sacramento and j
Davis was discovered to be In flames, j
and when the fire had spent its rape fully
500 feet of the long structure had been
consumed. Long delays to trains result
ed. The local train from San Francisco and
two sections each of the Oregon express
and Eastern overland were dispatched to
Sacramento by way of Marysville. Some
of the local passengers for Sacramento
went by wav of Marysville. some walked,
and a number of them took a special train
; Which had been provided for them.
I This train, according to the statement of
Dr. (i c. Simmons, one of the complain-
I ing travelers, consisted of a locomotive
j and an oil-tank car. Men. women and
I children hung on to the car. the cow
-1 catcher, or found a place in the coal-laden
i tender. At 5 minutes before 2 o'clock this
| morning, four hours after the burning
1 trestle was discovered, the weary passen;
i gers were met a half-mile out from Sac
j ramento by an engine and coach.
' jhe delay is credited with having caused
! the passengers great discomfort, while it
i- claimed the ride on an oil car was an
• unnecessary hardship. Blame is attached
to the officials at Oakland, the scene of
| the fire being not a part of the Sacra
i mento division.
YOUNG MILLIONAIRES
ON A WORLD'S TOUR
Vanderbilt Party of College Gradu- j
ates Sails From Vancouver for
the Orient.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 31. — The j
steamer Em pri sof India sailed this aft- j
ernoon for Yokohama and Hongkong. She .
carried a distinguished passenger list, in
cluding the Vanderbilt party of young
college graduates, who are on a tour
around the world. Those in the party are: I
Alfred G. Vanderbilt, son of Cornelius
Vanderbilt: Douglas Cochrane, the well- j
known football player; William P. Bur- \
den, and Ernest iselin, nephew of Colonel
Oliver Iselin. They intend visiting the
Philippines and Siberia, and will finish
with a hunting tour through Abyssinia.
D. I >. Mann, the Canadian railway con
tractor, was a passenger, lie Is going to ,
China to look after some railway con- j
tracts Including some 800 miles of lines.
The Hon. K. Kaneko, a distinguished |
Japanese diplomat, is returning home. \
Mr. Xosse. formerly Japanese Consul at |
this port, and more recently at Chicago,
Is en route to Korea, having been ap- ;
pointed Japanese Consular representative
there. Claude I.cc Kiim also returned
home on the Empress. He is Kang \u
Wei's private secretary, and on arriving j
In China will actively engage in propagat
ing the reform idea of the noted Kang.
who will remain in Canada for some time,
perfecting the organization of the Chinese
Reform League, to which belong most of
the principal Chinese In this and other i
coast cities. i
- -♦■ —
LONG OBJECTS TO
PERSONAL COMMENTS
Advises Heads of Departments to
Mind Their Own
Affairs.
WASHINGTON, July 31. — Secretary
Long has taken notice of some rather
personal exchanges of opinion between
the Naval Bureaus In the course of official
business. Before he left the city to-day
he addressed an identical note to each of
the three bureaus— construction, engineer
ing and equipment— directing attention to
certain extracts from official letters that
were not proper, and warning the bureau
chiefs that comments similar to those
contained in the extracts were entirely
unnecessary and tended to retard the
transaction of business by provoking re
taliation. ".  .*, ..
The bureaus are told to see to it that
in their communications hereafter all
such criticisms and expressions of judg
ment upon the way in which the duties
of other bureaus are performed and work
done are omitted. They are to confine
themselves to statements 'if opinion per
taining to the matter under considera
tion.
POWER FOR THE CITIES
AROUND PUGET SOUND
Baby Presses the Button That Starts '
the Snoqualmie Falls Elec
tric Plant.
SEATTLE. July 31.- Dorothy Elizabeth |
Baker, the ten-months-old daughter of j
Charles H. Baker, president of the Sno- j
qualmie Falls Power Company, to-night
pressed the button that started the ma
chinery of one of the most powerful
plants in the Northwest and liberated j
3000 volts of electricity. This enterprise
was started by William T. Raker erf Chi
cago two years ago, and ,000,000 has
been expended to get the power of these
falls to market. The initial power is
thirty miles from Seattle, and it is so
thoroughly harnessed that all that will :
be needed" by Seattle. Tacoma and other
cities in this vicinity In many years, in
all kinds of industrial enterprises, will be j
available. .
TRANSVAAL POLITICAL
ATMOSPHERE CLEARER
Volksraad Discusses Kruger's Pro
posal to Eliminate Religious
Disabilities.
PRETORIA. South Africa. July 31.— Tbe
political situation continues to grow
clearer The Government is waiting for
dispatches relating to the committee of in
nulrv The Volksraad has held a secret
session for the pur;., of discussing Pres
ident Finger's proposal to eliminate the
question™? religious disabilities from the
■ onstit "Fischer, replying to an inquiry on
Herr Fischer, replying to an inquiry on
the subject said that not knowing t«e
«c o pe and constitution of the commission
of inquiry he was not prepared to ex
press an opinion and would not.be until
! the actual terms of the inquiry are de
j fined.
HENRY R. POWELL DEAD.
! Demise Possibly Due to His Having
Stepped Upon a Rusty Nail.
PALO ALTO. July Henry R. Powell .
I of San Francisco died in Palo Alto on |
i Sunday. He was a member of the local
i firm of Powell & Dean, proprietors of the |
| Palo Alto planing mill and contractors
I and builders. He was a Knight of
| Pythias and past master of tne Ancient i
; Order of United Workmen. Mr. Powell
I was 31 years of age. For the past three
I weeks he had not been feeling well, and
! during this time he ran a nail into his
I foot. Inflammatory rheumatism set in, i
i and later typhoid fever, .to which his
death was due. The body was removed
! to San Francisco, and the funeral will be
I held mi Tuesday at 11 a. m. from the fam- ,
I tly residence at 3128 Sacramento street.
! FILIPINOS MAY LAND. !
i Sixteen Actors Detained May Go to ;
the Omaha Exposition.
! WASHINGTON, July 31.— Commissioner
General Powderly of ihe Immigration
! Bureau has directed that the sixteen Fili- :
! nil,., actors who have been detained at j
' San Francisco for some ii;:.'*- pending the
! settlement of the question of their right
I to land be released and permitted to con
-1 tlnue their journey to Omaha, where they I
have been engaged by the authorities as
1 a feature of the exposition now In prog- i
I ress. ■ '__
McLachlan Gets a Place. *
I.OS ANGELES, July 31.— James Me-
Lachlan, formerly United States Con
: gressman from the Sixth District, has
' been elected treasurer of the Whittier ,
I Reform School, vice R. F. Dei Valle. The
I board of trustees will in about two weeks
I hold a consultation with the Governor and \
I the State Board of Examiners with a view
I to devising a plan to raise funds for the j
I rebuilding of the burned refractory build-
I ing. 1
THE SA.N FHAISTCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1399.
CANDLER APPEALS
TO HIS PEOPLE
Wants Mob Rule Ended
in Georgia.
— ♦ —
INNOCENT OFTEN SUFFER
. — ' —
THE COTJUTS COMPETENT TO
PUNISH CRIMINALS.
»
Asks Lawyers to Abandon All Tech
nicalities and Pretexts Which
Tend to Defeat the Ends
of Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATLANTA, July 31.— Governor Candler
to-night issued an appeal to the people of
Georgia to, join hands and put an end to
mob violence in the State. The Governor !
believes the only way to restore a condi- I
tion of peace and tranquillity and to bring I
an end to. the lawlessness that has been
manifested in different parts of the State j
is for the people to uphold the courts, j
aid them in bringing to speedy "justice all j
criminals, and by the strong force of a
virile public sentiment bring punishment
to lawbreakers of all kinds. The Governor i
tells of the reproaches heaped upon the
State by the repeated outbreaks, and
says:
The purity of the fair mothers and daugh
ters nf Georgia must and shall be preserved,
and at the same time the lives and liberties I
of all the law-abiding: negroes in Georgia muj-t j
and shall be protected. Arson and burglary
anel assassination and robbery and m-sault
must stop, and at the same time lynch law
nice-* stop. The good of both races and the
fair name of the State demand this.
The ordinary processes of the law are amply
sufficient to punish all crimes. Our judges
are pure and incorruptible. Our juries are
composed of our most intelligent, upright men.
who seldom make mistakes. The men often
. makes mistakes and the innocent are made
!to suffer with the guilty. It never knows
whore to stop, but after punishing the guilty.
drunk with the blood of one victim, it thirsts
for the blood of another, and often sacrifice's
. on the altar of vengeance those wlu ■ are
guiltless of any crime.
I We must away with the mob. We must f-
I enthrone the law. We must restore the altar
of reason and tear down the altar that pas
i sion has erected. We must do. this in th- in
; terest of the white men of Georgia and in the
Interest of the negroes of Georgia, and lor
I the fair name of Georgia, and to protect the
I virtue of the women of Georgia. Lynch law
I doer- not stop arson, nor murder, nor rob
-1 bery, no- assault. This requires the strong
, power of the statute law. sustained by a
healthy, vigorous public sentiment.
I would appeal to all officers of the State,
civil and military, urging them to remember
that the dignity and the fair name of Georgia
are in their keeping.
I would appeal to them to remember that
: they are the guardian of the peace and happi
i ness of the people of this State. It is their
duty to apprehend and bring to justice all
who violate the law. whether it he the negro
who commits assault or the white man who
i kills him for th» crime. The -rani Juries
. must realize that it is as much their duty to
ferret out and return true bills against mem
bers of the mob who lynch a murderer as It
is to return a true bill against, the murderer
! himself.
I would appeal, especially to the liar, to bring
the potent Influence which the members of the
profession exercise in every community to the
] aid of law and order, not only by discounte
nancing mob rule, but to aid the courts and
I Juries in bringing the accused parties to speedy
i trial. It Is the duty of a lawyer to see that
; his client has a fair and impartial trial, hut
he should not resort to mere technicalities and
! pretexts to defeat the end of justice, or even
t'i delay the enforcement of penalties whereby
j society suffers and the confidence of the people
', in the ability of the courts to punish crime
I is destroyed.
In bringing about this end I would In
| yoke the active, earnest co-operation of all
! good men. white and black, with the officers
: of the law in their efforts to prevent crime,
suppress mob violence and bring criminals t.i
I Justice and to restore' peace and , order and
| tranquillity to all people of every race, class j
I and condition.
ANOTHER DELAY IN
KEETON EXTRADITION
Mexican Government Demands That
All the Papers Be Translated
Into Spanish.
AUSTIN. July 31.— The extradition r.f
] John Keeton still hangs fire. Governor
i Savers to-day received the following let
ter from Judge A. A. Waltham. the United
States extradition agent at El Paso, Tex..
1 who has the matter in charge:
"I am in receipt of the additional pa
! pers sent me in the matter of the extra
, dition of John Keeton. now in jail in the
State of chihuahua. Mexico, and wanted
in the counties of Collin and Sutton for
! the crimes of murder and felonious theft.
"Immediately on receipt of the papers
; I made demand of the Consul here and
; went in person with him to Juarez to see
: the Federal Judge having the matter in
charge. They received the papers, but
, required translation of them into the
! Spanish language. I beg that you advise
me as to how. when and by whom the ex
pense of translation of the extradition pa
: pers and typewriter charges are to be
paid. I find nothing in the treaty which i
; would be construed to cover these cx
i penses. The papers are voluminous, and
much time is required to properly trans
late and prepare for submission.
"Vein will remember that the time of the
i commission of the two offenses by Keeton
I and Dale was prior to the time of the rat-
I ification of the present treaty with Mex
ico, and. as I understand it, it leaves the
matter wholly optional with the Mexican
Government as to whether a surrender
will be made. I learn that the Secretary
of State at Washington has recently de
clined to surrender a fugitive from Mex
ico on the ground that the crime ante
dated the treaty; and it may be. and in
my judgment likely will be, that unless
j a special effort is made through the Fed-
I eral channel the Mexican authorities will
take a similar view of the matter."
WAR OF THE MATCH
COMPANIES ENDED
Edwin Gould Admitted Into the Di
rectorate of the Diamond
Company.
CHICAGO. July Edwin Gould
of New Tork, for many years
considered the relentless and im
placable enemy of the Diamond Match
Company of Chicago, was admitted into
the directorate of that company by vote
of the stockholders at a special meeting
here to-day. Mr. Gould's admission to
the match board, following upon the ab
sorption of his match properties into the
Diamond Match Company, marks the final
and formal ending of the -war." which
has. bitterly vexed and troubled stockhold
ers in the Diamond Match Company.
James Hopkins of St. Louis was also
elected to be a new director of the com
pany, his election and Gould's being to
till the two new places provided for by the
vote passed by the stockholders increas
ing the number of directors from five to
seven. Mr. Hopkins was one of the orig
inal large stockholders of the Diamond
Match Company, and until three years
ago was also a director of the company.
It is said that Mr. Gould will be given
nearly $1,000,000 In .Diamond Match stock
for his interest in the Continental Match
Company.
Besides the election of two new direct
ors the Diamond, Match stockholders
oassed a resolution increasing the capital
stock from $11,000,000 to $15,000,000, to take
effect September 15. '•'..:_::
-,--'-, 4> —
Boring for Artesian Water.
WOODLAND, July 31.— 1t has long been
the contention of men of experience and
much observation that an abundant flow
of artesian water may be obtained in
Capay Valley by boring to a sufficient
depth. J. -W. Shannon of San Jose owns
a fine orchard near Guinda. He recently
began to bore a well on his premises.
Citizens of Guinda and the surrounding
country decided to experiment and in
duced 'Mr. Shannon to bore deeper than
at first intended, on condition that he be
paid so much a foot after going below the
200-foot level. If artesian water is found
Mr. Shannon is to refund all subscrip
tions. If the. experiment is a failure none
of the subscribers are to have any claim
against Mr. Shannon. The experiment will
be watched with a great deal of interest.
AUTOMOBILE
HAS REACHED
ROCHESTER
Accidents Continue to Retard
the Transcontinental
Journey.
♦ — «.
By JOHN D. DAVIS.
a a a a a »'a a a aa » aa a a »
$ START, JULY 13. *
<•> Miles, g
***** Estimated distance to Z,
* cover 3,700 «
« Monday's run 50 g
-*-*• Total distance covered . 401 c
O' -o
a fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi fi » c.
ROCHESTER, N. V.. ' July 31.—
After a vexatious day the trans
continental automobile reached
Rochester at 9:10 o'clock to
night, coming down Main street
lat eighteen miles an hour. Newark
! was left at 8:15 this morning and th«
i run made to Palmyra. The new nuts
on the inlet valves persisted in loosen
ing and falling off. A stop was made
at Palmyra to renew the supply of
| nuts and the trip resumed at 3:30
j o'clock with a new device for holding
the nuts in place. This worked beauti
fully until at Pittsford, when the spin
dle in the rear valve broke, taking the
nuts and causing a delay of two hours
while temporary repairs were made.
The run of eight miles into Rochester
was made in thirty minutes.
The inlet valves will have to he made
still heavier, and we are having the
spindles made five-sixteenths inches in-
' stead of quarter-rind*., as at present.
Everything else is entirely satisfactory
and we will start for Buffalo about 9
I o'clock. The roads are bettor than in
' the East, though on both sides of Fair
port we had heavy roads of sand six
inches or deeper. This and the grades
made the motor work hard, but it was
equal to every call and carried us over
the. worst of the day's run safely. We
had several rickety bridges to cross and
some steep grades. .
WILL MAKE UP FOR
THE LOST TIME
ROCHESTER. July 31.— long train of
carriages and wheels followed the auto-
I mobilists. Mr. and Mrs. Davis at once
j entered th" hotel and dined, while the
| automobile was taken in charge by J. J.
' Mandery, the manufacturer's agent here.
I The roads between here and Buffalo are
ranked among the best in the State and
some of th. best time of the trip should
'- be recorded I saw Mrs. Davis at the
' hotel shortly after her arrival. The acci
dents she declared, that have so frequent-
I ly Interrupted their progress since leaving
! New York have only added the spice of
' variety to the journey and had been ,i
i valuable teacher. She expressed herself
: as confident .that the time lost would be
' more than made up in the next few days
i and declared that she thoroughly enjoyed
every moment of the trip. The machine
is undergoing a thorough overhauling to
night. _
PARIS, July 31.— The American colony
here is constantly twitted by French au
tomobolists on the grotesque, picture of
Mr and Mrs. Davis crawling wearily from
village to village in the Empire State, not
1 conspicuous for bad roads, but Americans
1 point with satisfaction to the fact that
. at least the Herald tells where they are.
This is not the case with Comte Oyulai,
j who, the Velo states, left. Vienna on the
14th for Berlin to establish a record. This
Austrian nobleman, who was accompanied
| by M. Antolne de Fahnenfield, not only
' has not yet arrived but no more news is
obtainable of his whereabouts. French
i chaffeurs think some foreign friends
• would do better by telling what they have
i done than what they are going to do.
TWO MEET DEATH IN
THE ELECTRIC CHAIR
Louis Pullerson and Michael McDon
ald Executed in Sing Sing
• fc- Prison. . ,
NEW YORK, July 31.— Louis Pullerson
and Michael McDonald were put to death
by electricity at Sing Sing prison to-day.
Pullerson was taken to the electric chair
at 8-21 o'clock and a current 1720 volts
strong was turned on at 5:22. After fifty
five seconds he was declared to be dead
by the attending physicians.
'McDonald was put to death at 8:42
o'clock, a current of 1710 volts being
turned on at that time and continuing for
sixty-five seconds. McDonald's body re
sisted the electric current more than any
i other man put to death in Sing Sing. It
took ten seconds longer to kill him than
it did Pullerson.
Louis Pullerson. a negro porter, 20 years
old. on March 11. 1898, killed his common
law wife. Kate Smith, a white woman, in
their apartments in New York by stran
l gulation. He said that as the woman had
I been untrue he thought he had a perfect
right to kill her. "
Michael McDonald, a beef carrier, em
ployed in the Eastern Company's slaugh
ter-house in New York, on May 4. IS!'**,
killed Stephen Titus, the head timekeeper.
McDonald, after spending his salary in
drink, demanded several dollars which he
claimed were due him for overtime. Titus
told him to have the sub-timekeeper make
out the bill. McDonald then fired several
shots at Titus.
Anti-Saloonists Victorious.
PALO ALTO. July 31.— The petition of
Nils Johnson to reopen the Little Ven
dome saloon at Mayfleld has been with
drawn from the . Board of Supervisors.
When the petition was first presented
there was much opposition to it, which
culminated in a vigorous protest to the
Supervisors against its being granted.
The protest was signed by President Da
vid Starr Jordan and other members of
the Stanford faculty, and by many of the
property owners of Mayfleld. They ob
jected to' the saloon on account or the
bad influence of the place on some of the
students, and the withdrawal of the peti
tion is virtually a victory for -the forces
which had united against the saloon.
The Tupper Lake Fire.
MAT.ONE. N. V., July 31.— The fire at
Tupper. Lake on Sunday destroyed 169
buildings and nearly wiped out the town.
The loss is $150,000.
ALGER ANSWERS
HIS ACCUSERS
Long Statement in His
Own Defense.
— • —
NO FAVORITISM WAS SHOWN
— • —
OFFICERS WERE SELECTED FOR
THEIR ABILITY ONLY.
*
A Review of the Tremendous Task
of Raising and Equipping an
Army in Sixty
Days.
4) •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
+ ♦
♦ WASHINGTON. July 31.— ♦
♦ Root has notified Secretary *+
+ Alger that he will be in Wash- *f
♦ lngton and ready to assume con- >
♦ trol of the War Department at -♦■
+ 11 o'clock to-morrow. General ♦
♦ Alger will leave at 11:45 o'clock ♦
♦ for Michigan. "♦"
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WASHINGTON, July 31.— of the
last official acts of Secretary Alger, who
to-morrow will relinquish his portfolio,
] was to prepare a statement covering sev
eral matters regarding the conduct of the
j war which have been the subject of crit
icism in the public press, particularly with
reference to the appointment of staff of
, fleers in the volunteer army. The state
j ment is as follows:
1 am led to make the following statements
on account of the many criticisms which nave
been made by the public press, especially un
account of a recent article which appeared in
the London Times, containing assertions which
have nee foundation in truth. ,
At the commencement of the war with hpaln,
and for several years prior to that time, th"
regular army consisted of only 25,000 men, with
tic minimum number of officers prescribed by
law. The situation may be partially appre
ciated when it is remembered that within
stxtv days from the declaration of war the
strength of the army was increased to Zio.wn.
and everything for the equipment of Ibis great
force. Including clothing, tents, transportation, >
medical supplies, camps and camp equippage, |
an.i all that pertains to equipping an army for
service had to be manufactured, transported
and distributed for, use.
From the statement referred to, the public :
might be led to believe that the volunteer |
! army was officered by men selected through
political influence with the Secretary 'if War
; by special favor and without any regard to
! fitness for the duties they were to perform. ,
As is well known, the volunteer force, with
the exception of three regiments or* engineers,
: three regiments of cavalry and ten regiments
', of immune infantry, was made up of regi
: ments from the various States, the officers of
I which were all appointed exclusively by the
1 Governors of the respective States from which
I the regiments came, an.l any officer found un
; fitted for service and discharged was replaced
by another in the same manner. The Presi
! dent had no voice or control in the matter.
! The returns of the volunteer army show that
in August, 1898, there were 207.244 enlisted men
i and 8785 officers In those regiments. This, with
: the regular army recruited up to the war
strength, made an aggregate force of about j
275, men and officers. The volunteer officers I
appointed by the President number, all told, I
1032. Of this number 441 were taken from the
regular army and 691 from civil life. The j
scarcity of regimental officers in the regular
service, owing to appointments in the volun
teers, special recruiting and mustering details,
had so reduced their number that to have tak
en a large number for service with the volun
teers would have seriously impaired the ef
ficiency of the regular regiments, For a iittle
over a thousand appointments made by the
President, the number of applications was over
.'...""'i, and each application was aceompantel
by a certificate of his ability and in tr.o-t
instances the military service, either in the
regular army e.r State organizations, and not
infrequently In both. The certificates showed
that each one was as well qualified for the
position he sought and to which he was ap
pointed as could be possible for men In civil
life ln this country. <>f the number appointed
there were, for instance, twenty-six majcr
generals, of which nineteen were taken from
the regular army and seven from civil life. Of
those seven, ail but one were graduates of
West Point Military Academy and all ha.l dis- I
tinguished themselves in command during the
Civil War.
if the brigadier generals there were one hun
dred and two appointed— sixty-six from the
regular army and thirty-six from civil life.
Those from civil life had all seen service dur
i ing the Civil War or on our Western frontier,
i and all had proved themselves competent to
[ command.
it has been stated and repeated many times
I that the Secretary of War made these appoint-
I ments, when the truth is that very few were
i mad-, upon his recommendation, although he i
caused the entire list, with the recommenda
tions, to be complied and placed before the
President for his selection. I would be only
too glad t.i have had the honor to have made
these appointments. No better, no more loyal
or more patriotic set of men. as a whole, ever
served their count ry. and their appointments
were a credit, not only to the appointing
power but to the country they 'served. There
were exceptions, but that could not have been
foreseen. In every walk in life men are found
who cannot carry out satisfactorily the work
they have undertaken. There were three regi
ments of cavalry, the officers of which were
appointed by the Secretary of War. Colonel
Leonard Wood, now a brigadier "general and
commanding the departments of Santiago and
Puerto Principe, was one of these.. • Colonel
Griggsby and Colonel Torrey. both good offi-
I cers, were the other two. There were three
regiments of engineers, the colonels of which
were all graduates of the Military Academy,
and not only the officers, but the enlisted men,
were selected with a view to their special fit
ness and In most Instances upon the recom
■ mendations of the colonels themselves, and all
! proved themselves most efficient.
'< There were also ten regiments of immune
i Infantry, of whose colonels eight were grad
uates of the Military Academy, who were se
i lf., ted for special fitness to command, and in
i the short time these regiments were in service
i developed remarkable proficiency.
Criticisms as to the amounts and methods of
expenditures which could imply the wrong or
careless use of money were also made by the
London Times. This charge is false. So far
as the conduct of the service was concerned,
no person with any knowledge of the facts can
ever charge truthfully, and no one can ever
! show that a dollar was misappropriated, stolen
or embezzled out of the hundreds of millions
of dollars that were expended. The records are
an i pen book, and 1 will be glad to have them
' rigidly examined, and ask my successor to open
those accounts to the country whenever prop
erly called for in order that the entire truth
may he known. R. A. ALGER,
, Secretary of War.
j Washington. D. C. July 31. IW.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postofflce and Army Changes List of
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. July 31.— William B.
Unruh was to-day appointed postmaster
at Somis. Ventura County, vice J. F. Ful
kerson. resigned.
Miss Marion Radcliffe of San Francisco
has been appointed clerk In the Treasury
Department.
Army orders: By direction of the Act
ing Secretary of War. Major Seymour
Howell, paymaster of United States vol
unteers, is relieved from further duty in
this city and will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report in person on August 15
to the commanding general of the De
partment of California for temporary
1 duty. Major Manly B. Curry is relieved
I from further duty in the Department of
the Gulf, and will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report in person on August 15
to the commanding general of the De
' partment Of California for temporary
The following named enlisted men now
I at the stations designated will report for
! duty on transports to leave for the Phil
ippine Islands: Hospital Steward Joseph
Schraml. Fort Wadsworth. New York;
Acting Hospital Steward Charles Writes
man. Hospital Corps, Fort Sheridan. 111.;
Acting Hospital Steward Henry Fisher.
Hospital Corps. Washington Barracks,
D. C: Hospital Steward Charles C.
Young. Baltimore.
Private Thomas B. Noss of the Third
j United States Infantry and Recruits
Harris Brosius. Timothy Casey. Homer
C Chapman. Charles D. Hotchkiss, Au
' gust Hittmann. Timothy Murphy,
i Thomas J. Shelley. George D. Scott,
' Frank J. Short. George H. Slpe. John T.
Ballard, John C. Bolton. Lawrence N.
Duchesney. Festus A. Elder, Charles F.
i Hilt, Lvnn Hogate, Thomas Morgan.
Samuel Osaroff. Frederick O. Shiber. Ed
i ward Roth, John H. Smith. Robert Swift,
William Van Ulzen, Ralph L. Walter, Oli-
I ver H. Whitman. Thomas Willette and
' James Young. Presidio. San Francisco,
are discharged from tne service of the
United States. .
I Private Robert W. Collins of the Nine
teenth United States Infantry, Presidio.
GIFT OF A MANSION
TO LODGE OF ELKS
Mrs. E. B. Crocker's Beautiful
Sacramento c * m ' 2 Deeded to
the Order.
c SACRAMENTO, July When the members of the local lodge of
5 the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks assemble at their hall to
* morrow night they will be treated to a remarkable surprise. The deed
* will be read to them conveying to the lodge as a gift the magnificent
% mansion of Mrs. E. B. Crocker, situated on the southwest corner of
* Third and O streets, and valued, with its grounds, at $90,000. The docu
£ ments were drawn up in San Francisco to-day. the presence of Mrs.
* Crocker in San Francisco with her son-in-law, J. Sloat Fassett, of New
* Yor!* requiring their execution in that city.
T. When The Call is received to-morrow, giving the large majority of
* the Elks in this city the first information of their good fortune, their
$ joy will know no limit. The property referred to is the. old home of E.
X B. Crocker, brother of Charles Crocker, and one of the builders of the
* Central Pacific Railroad. It is connected by a covered passage with the
% Croc 1 -'- Art Gallery, presented some years ago by the widow of Judge
■*• Crocker to the city, and containing some 700 rare works of art.
■T> The residence is one of the best types of the comfortable architec
* ture of a quarter of a century ago. In some respects it resembles the
% present honie of C. P. Huntington on California street. San Francisco,
* being classically plain in exterior design and white in finish. Inside sim
* pie elegance prevails. The mantels are of the most beautiful onyx ever
* quarried, while the walls are adorned with many paintings gathered In
% Europe by the old mansion's former occupants.
* The grounds are wide, terraced, replete with stretches of lawn, and
* abounding in a wealth of semi-tropical plants and flowers. No club
* house in the State is more attractive within or without than the one
* which the munificence of Mrs. E. B. Crocker will enable the local lodge
<!> of Elks to occupy.
% It is understood that the gift is absolute, and that the only require
* ment is that the mansion and grounds shall be kept in good condition.
'''i The ownership will rest with the local lodge, the membership of which is
% fast growing, and in the' highly improbable event of the disbanding of
* the local branch at any future date, the property will go to the national
% organization of Elks, to be used as it. may deem proper.
&-
San Francisco, will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officer of that post, he hav
ing accepted an appointment as second
lieutenant of the Thirty-lifth Infantry,
United States Volunteers.
Pensions : California— lncrease— Joseph
Chilson, Fall Brook, $•" to $S. .
Oregon— lncrease— John M. Alley, Neha
lem. I* to $12. a— mi,
Washington— lncrease— James \\ . bmitn,
Olympia. $6 to $8. Original widow, etc.—
Talatha Cook, Rridgefield, $S.
WILL NOT PRESENT THE
MAYBRICK PAPERS
Home Secretary Says the Appeals Do j
Not Properly Come Before the
House.
LONDON, July 31.— 1n the. House of
Commons to-day Michael Davitt, Nation
alist, asked what action the Government
of the United States had taken in behalf
of Mrs. Maybrick, the woman now under
going sentence of imprisonment for life
after having been convicted of poisoning
her husband; whether petitions had been
received from public bodies and persons
in America, and if the Secretary of State
for Home Affairs. Sir Matthew Ridley,
would present papers to the House with
the Government's reply.
The Government's Home Secretary an
swered the question, saying representa
tion-* had been made in favor of Mrs.
Maybrick by the United States Govern
ment through the United States -Embas
sador here. Joseph H. Choate, and that
numerous representations had been made
by private individuate. But. he said. It
would be contrary to practice to present
papers dealing with the exercise of the
royal prerogatives.
WALK OUT OF JAIL
r AND ARE REARRESTED
I Moro and Requicenes Charged With
Having Counterfeit Notes in
Their Possession.
NEW YORK. July 31.— Frederick Mora,
and Ricardo de Requicenes, who were
convicted in the United States Court in
1597 of making counterfeit 100 peseta notes
on the Bank of Costa Rica and were sen
tenced to two years* Imprisonment and a
tine of $2000 each, were brought before
United States Commissioner Shields to De
discharged under the pauper convict act.
Both men had served their term of im
prisonment. . .. xi.*.—
After having taken the pauper oath the*,
i were discharged, but were immediately
rearrested on the charge of making and
rAvln-*- in their possession counterfeit 50
Sesos"no"es of the Bank of the Republic
of Colombia. They were taken to the
Ludlow street jail to await trial on the
new charge. The indictment on which
th* were rearrested was found by the
Federal Grand Jury of 1898.
SAILING CRAFT SAFE
ON HUMBOLDT BAR
Completion of the New Jetties Re- j
moves the Danger of Marine
Disasters.
EUREKA. July 31.-11*. a few more j
weeks the last trainload of rocks will I
have been dropped in its place on the |
south jetty and the great work of the |
Government on Humboldt Bar accom- :
plished. Six years ago no craft could ,
cro ss the bar without more or less risk. ,
now all this Is changed by the work near- .
C e°^u th o, iettv is 9390 feet, and the j
north jetty 8048 feet in length. The sur
fer shows a well-defined channel averag- ,
ing a quarter of a mile in width and -
twenty-four feet in depth at average low
water. The depth at high tide would give
thirty feet of water, which is enough for •
the largest vessels or steamboats. In this
great work the Government has expended
over 12,000,000. __
IMPROVEMENTS AT
GOLDEN CROSS MINES
Cyanide Plant and From Sixty to a 1
Hundred New Stamps to Be
Put In.
LOS ANOELES. July 31.— Negotiations
that have been. pending since the conclu- I
sion of the lawsuits that engulfed the
Golden Cross mines were concluded to- j
day at a conference between Jefferson
Chandler Isaac Trumbo. J. Waller and
<-_ J Trumlio. The company has decided
to add a cyanide plant of 1000 tons daily
capacity to treat the tailings that have j
been accumulating for ten years. The ;
140 stamps will be concentrated under one
roof and space will be provided to add
sixty or a hundred additional stamps as
soon as known ore bodies are opened. This
will make the largest gold plant operated -,
in California.
MILLIONAIRE DOYLE
MUST STAY IN JAIL
Judge Hallett Denies the Petition for
a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
DENVER, July 31.— 1n the United States
Circuit Court to-day Judge Hallett denied
the petition for a writ of habeas corpus j
for James A. Doyle, the millionaire mine j
owner, who is incarcerated in the El Paso j
County jail owing to his refusal to sur- ,
render a judgment for $700,000 gained in
court at Council Bluffs, lowa, against his |
former partner. James Burns, in defiance
.if an injunction issued by the District
Court at Colorado Springs. Doyle's at- '
torney entered an appeal.
FIGHTING FOR A FRANCHISE.
Rival Railways Continue Their Strife :
at Eureka.
EUREKA. July 31.— At the request of j
Mayor David Evans. City Attorney E. P. j
Campbell has . rendered an opinion in ;
which he holds that the resolution passed
by the City Council on February 20 and j
the ordinance of June 5, granting to the
Re! River and Eureka Railroad Company
a franchise to extend Its line along the
entire water front and across certain
streets, is illegal, the proper method of
procedure prescribed by the charter not
having been observed in overruling tho
Mayor's veto. The case will he brought
before the Council at its next meeting.
August 7.
There has already been much litigation
in regard to this right of way. The Eu
reka and Klamath road desires a like
franchise, and is contesting every inch of
the ground with its rival. The city elec
tion held in June was fought on this is
sue, and the Klamath people carried the
day, electing the entire board of Council
men.
GRAND STAMM ELECTION.
German Red Men Name Officers for
the Ensuing Year.
SACRAMENTO. July 31.— The Grand
Stamm, Independent Order of 'Red Men.
opened its session in Odd Fellows' Hall
this morning, the grand officers being
present. The afternoon session was de
voted to the election of officers for the
ensuing year. The following named were
chosen: R. Landmann, G. O. < '. ; Charles
Neubourg. G. U. C; F. Braemer, G. H. C.
II.; Charles Kuss. chaplain; B. A. Sam
mann, grand secretary; Joseph Gutberlet,
grand treasurer; J. B. Reinhardt, C. B.
Rode and 1.. Krumb. board of trustees.
F. R. Schwarz, R. Landmann and M,
Fuetcher were elected representatives to
the United States Grand Stamm. which
meets in San Francisco on Tuesday. Au
gust S. This will be the first time in the
history of the order tint the United
States Grand Stamm ever met on the Pa
cific Coast.
DIVORCE LAWS EVADED.
Homer Dunton of Woodland Remar
ried Within a Month.
WOODLAND. July 31.— Homer Dunton
was divorced from Helen Dunton about
two months ago. It was an open secret
that for some time previous thereto a
strong attachment existed between him
and Miss Mary Gardner. About a month
ago Miss Gardner left for a visit with
her brother in Corvallis. Or. Three weeks
ago Mr. Dunton, who is city electrician,
applied for and was granted a month's
leave of absence. He returned to Wood
land on Sunday and gave out 'he informa
tion that he and Miss Gardner had evaded
the California divorce laws by getting
married in Corvallis on July 22. Mr-.
Dunton is now visiting relatives in Santa
Rosa. ■"
Mourning in Santa Rosa. '
SANTA ROSA, July Michael Rut
ledge, brother of Judge Rutledge of this
city, was buried this afternoon. He was
a pioneer California!., a native of Dublin,
Ireland, and aged 68 years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You Have Dyspepsia!
E3JHAT >s what makes yon feel so badly
distressed after eating, feel .30 badly
distressed after eating, what causes
•=*= roar weak eyes and those gloomy spir-
its. Your stomach needs toning up. It is not
able to digest your food, and yon are growing
weaker every day because you are getting no .
benefit from what you eat.
Dr. McLaughlin's Method.
I have perfected my method of restoring
vitality to the stomach and other pang of the
body by filling them with Electricity, and
can assure quick relief and cure of all such
troubles. You wear my Electric Belt while
you sleep. Call and see it or let me send yon
my book about it, free. Address,
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin
70_i Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. ;
Burdlck Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts.. Los Angeles.
I Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.j
Sundays. 10 to 1. .NEVER SOLD IN
DRUG STORES.
000000000000000000
o-s-" PALACE *-*•*- 1
° GRAND hotels o
*? SAN FRANCISCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Room"-— 900 wi h Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THK PRICES:* O
O European Plan. fI.OO per day and upward O
II American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. . v
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
0000000000000 000 o
__. _.^ ■ ■ ■ _B _■ and Morphine Habits
_rt Bl 8 - H 9 <*--red at home. Writ*
P 1 \m -d a fr^ rticu,ar "
;** : - 111 IVI INDIAN OPIUM CURE.
\Jf a I V IVI B. D. KIMMIS, 231 Turk
St., San Franc.
Oirf" nni/ll Corner Fourth and
Uill L lIU I flL.o" Overcoats and
Valises checked fr««.
56
TUESDAY AUGUST i, 1899
■ " ' ___ ___ .
/OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. ,
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market ond Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main 186».
EDITORIAL ROOMS... 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1_."4.
DELnTP.KD BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Blaclc pies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
PAILT CALL (including Sunday Call), one year *2? n
DAILY CALL .including- Sunday Call). 8 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
BUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
.WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE . 908 Broodwaj
____________
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
MjMaftei* Foreign Advertising. Marquette BaUding,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C CARLTON • Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bfcerman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A Brentano. 0. Union Square
Hurray Hill HoteL _
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•I. L. ENGLISH. Corroaoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 38? Hayes street, open until
9-30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lcricln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second ond Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— of Cur Girls."
Columbia— "Heartsease."
:° rp beam — Vaudeville.
Tivoli Aida.
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Gran.l Opera House— "Boccaccio."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every af^irnoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Rices, etc
I
AUCTION SALES.
■
By F. "W. Butterfield— day. at 11 o'olock. Furniture,
at 91 Jones street.
By Chase Sc Mendenhall— Thursday, August 3, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
By Yon Rhein & Co.-Thursday. August 10, at 12 o'clock,
Rea! Estate, at 513 Callfot-nla street.
THE MUNICIPAL ISSUE.
AS the primary approaches out of which is to
come the first local government for San Fran
cisco under the new charter, the political squad
rons are gathering and marking time, in anticipation ;
o: the good time coming, hen they will inherit the
sub-nance oi the 1 payers. We use the word political
rather than partisan, because the file closers and cap
tains m these noisy forces have no use for proper par
tisanship except as a war cry to command the vote of
'■■'■'" « - • -:_ -„i
the honest and busy party man who is too apt to sink
his civic responsibility in the belief that the principles ■
of his party are at stake in a municipal election. From |
its standpoint of perfect independence in municipal
•* 1
politics, The Call has but one interest in the content,
and that is the best government for this city which
is least likely to be secured by men who use party
pride and ambition to get office which they use for
personal purposes and honors to which they have no
■■■'■■'■■■ . -■' -■— 4 *'**■■■.■. , . • 1
title of merit. Each party is a hydra now, with more
than one head and each head a voracious appetite tor
the spoils of the city and the' spoliation, in some form, i
of the taxpayer. The independent citizens have now
tv law, in this protected primary, an opportunity to
. ■ ■ - 111
give tone for many years to come, to the local gov- j
ernmenl oi San Francisco. By mutual agreement j
they can constitute a convention in which the inter- |
ests of the whole people will be considered, and to get
beiore the voters a ticket composed of candidates to
whom the administration of a city is a pure matter
of the cleanest business.
~-. T-. ■ , , ■ 1 • 1 J J _.1
The Democratic hydra, with its two heads and the
•- seasoned boss* who represent its equal tactions, is
before the public. From the record made by the lead
ers of each the people know just what to expect, if
either sue reed On the side of the Republican organi
■ zation there is offered a leadership that camps in two
saloons and knows only the politics of swipes. Be
tween these the people have ample scope and verge to
put through the primaries a convention which will
represent the character, the cleanness and the civic
pride of San Francisco. If they constitute and com- l
mission such a convention and with such result, The [
Call will support it.
If the people, however, fail in the duty which they i
, . &-. msrrtpfiJet ■ -*■- „,, —  ... ...
owe to their city and then-selves, The Call will still I
stand by their inter* in supporting such individual !
candidates as promise better than the city has had. !
The interests at stake are too vast, the character of i
the city is too important, for a paper independent in j
municipal politics to abandon the people even to the I
consequences of their own neglect. We repeat that I
no self-seeking enemy of puhlic interests shall be
elected on any ticket, if The Call can prevent it by
an independent fig! I against him.
Governor Roosevelt seems to have become a sort
of unofficial Prime Minister to the President, making
and unmaking Secretaries of War, removing and ap
pointing generals and suggesting with superior wis
dom the conduct of the Philippine war. For a disin
terested patriot, who doesn't want to be President,
"Teddy" has a remarkable faculty of keeping his
name before the public.
» ■■ '-■-■■ ' -
Uncle Collis has granted William F. Herrin a legal
assistant. It might have been suspected that in the
Southern Pacific fitness of things the name of the i
new comer would be Steele.
"Sugar is sugar, no matter how it is produced," is
the wise conclusion of Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son. The worthy Secretary must have seen some of
the Burns political farmers.
The French people are disgusted because Esterhazy
refuses to be a witness at the Dreyfus trial. This
would seem to indicate that the French people like in
decent exhibitions.
General Gomez, it is said, wants to be President of
San Domingo. The old man seems determined to get
a job even if he violates his most honored principles
and fights for one.
♦ ' ■ ■ —
Did you ever hear of the pot calling the kettle
white? No? Well, Eddie Graney says Sam Rainey
it all right ,
THE SAMOAN COMMISSION.
THE report to their Governments made by -the
Samoan Commission "and the text of the or
ganic act recommended for government of the
islands has been placed before the three nations con
cerned by The Call. Our first and exclusive publi
cation Of this present conclusion of a matter that but
lately threatened to embroil three great nations in
war "is something more than a stroke of news-getting
enterprise. True, the action of the commission was
world news of first importance, for the time displacing
the Transvaal question and putting the Alaska boun
dary out of news focus, but its publication now re
| moves international friction and gives the people and
the Governments of the United States, Great Britain
: and Germany an opportunity to amply study the sys
tem of government proposed for Samoa long in ad
| vance of the time for action upon it. ; The plan pro- j
; vides a nondescript government, intricate and com- ;
plex, and probably doomed to the fate of that which
it substitutes. Its radical infirmity seems to be that it
casts out entirely all note of the racial and national
characteristics of the Samoans. The kingship is abol
ished; because its existence holds out a prize to the
great chiefs, and its pomp and circumstance are j
dear to the native love of display and ceremonial. |
Abolishing a means of gratifying that inherent love j
of pageantry will not abolish the characteristic which
seeks such expression. It would have been wiser to |
use that trait as a means of guiding and training the l
people into ways of stability than to attempt the sud- !
den destruction of a disposition that inheres in the
native nature. . '
The kingship being abolished, a system of native j
provincial governors is provided for. These are to :
! meet at stated times and compare notes, report on :
the condition of their provinces and suggest adminis
trative features that may be common to all. This
assembly of governors is not given any substantial
power, either administrative, legislative or judicial,
and really amounts to nothing in the scheme. The
provincial governorship itself carries no valuable gov
ernmental function.
The real government is to consist of an administra- |
tor,, chosen from some disinterested power, that is to j
say, he is to be neither American, British nor German. j
He will be assisted by a council of delegates, one rep- j
resenting each of the three powers, America, Great
Britain and Germany, who will also exercise consular |
functions. This part of it amounts to the bestowment
of extraordinary powers upon consuls, who with the
administrator are to form the legislature of the
islands with authority to amend or abolish existing
laws, or to add to the present code. The final judicial
authority is in a chief justice, who is, of course, an
American or European. Petty courts may be set up
by the natives for petty issues and offenses.
Here, then, we have a scheme of governrrient, with
no charter, no bill of rights, no statement of the ele
! ments of personal and property rights and no provi
| sion to prevent their violation. In fine, there has
! been no provision made to protect the rights of the
I weak against the strong. This government is for j
| the natives. Its excuse is the recent outbreak and j
what followed. But upon the head of these dis
! orders the commission say: "The evils may be ;
' grouped under four heads. First, those which appear
i inevitably to attend the election of a king. Second,'
j those which are due to the rivalry of the for
j eign nationalities among themselves, and to their;
i disposition to take part in the native politics, and thus \
'■ increase the importance and bitterness of the dis
: putes which arise. Perhaps the evils which it is least j
! easy to cure are of this class, those which arise from j
j the rivalry and mutual hostility of the different foreign ;
I nationalities. This hostility permeates all depart- j
j ments of life. The traders on one side combine
' again*-! those on the other. The Municipal. Council
; is divided into two parties, each determined to sup- >
'. port its own programme and defeat that of the other.
! Proposed reforms and measures are judged, not on ;
i their merits, but by party considerations."
This is an admission that the troubles of the islands
are due to the presence of foreign traders who take
part in native politics to the creation of disturbance \
and disorder. There is nowhere any serious allegation
against the natives nor their discipline and order. ;
| Yet, for disturbances that are begun and continued by ;
] white foreigners in their rivalry for the profits of com- .
■ merce, the natives are punished by slaughter and the
i ancient form and privileges of their government are ;
taken away! After its statement of the case and of
i the .cause of the recent disorders, the reasonable peo- :
! ple in the three nations in interest would expect to see
: a form of government recommended that would con- j
| trol.the small number of white foreigners who are
: admitted to be the cause of all the trouble. Instead
i of this they are left uncurbed and the natives are
j treated with the greatest severity.
The form of government proposed can hardly
stand. When the executive and legislative powers are
'-. deposited in the same officers there is simply repeated
I a mistake in governmental science that was first per
! petrated,, discovered and abandoned long ago. It will
; no more work in Samoa than it did in the Italian re
| publics, for government is government, whether its
| objects be a few thousand Samoans or many million
Americans, and unless its form square with the
, world's experience it cannot stand.
The expense of sending this commission to Samoa
1 could have been saved by the three powers, for by
: concert of their foreign officers a better scheme could
1 have been devised. The islands are not placated; the
' murderous shelling of villages filled with old women
and children, because Captain Sturdee wanted "some
fun," is not forgotten nor forgiven by the natives, nor
are the followers of Mataafa reconciled to those of
j Malietoa Tanu.
The United States seems to be unnecessarily in
volved in a costly and vexatious partnership with
Great Britain and Germany in the exploiting of that
group of islands -which will never pay for the trouble
of governing them.
The commission expects great results from the con
centration of power in the hands of the administrato**,
and that thereby the evils of a tripartite jurisdiction
will be avoided. But the radical of these evils is left
in the constitution of the council of three, empow
ered to legislate and provide the ordinances which
the administrator must enforce. The latter officer is
a member of that council. Though -he may be a
Swede, Dane, Frenchman, Italian, Russian or Aus
trian, all these powers being disinterested in Samoa,
yet the European interests and contacts of Germany
and Great Britain will inevitably attach him to one
or the other of them. If his attachment be British,
the British and American councilors will join his vote,
make a majority of the council and ignore Germany.
If he join Germany the council will tic and the gov
ernment will be deadlocked.
So the new scheme is not promising of- prolonged
peace in Samoa. The native people have learned that
whatever rights they would retain they must defend.
After being assured by the treaty of Berlin of the right
to elect their own king, and having three times elected
Mataafa only to see him kept out of the office by the
.three nations which were pledged by solemn treaty
to put him in, they will have but little faith in any
treaty promises and international guarantees
THE SAX FEAX'CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
MORE YELLOW JOURNALISM.
BY dispatches from the East we learn the New
York Journal has published in full the Samoan
Commission report taken from The Call cf
! Sunday morning. In that fact there is nothing ob
jectionable, but the Journal in republishing the news
from our columns acted in accord with its yellow
ness and gave no credit for it. Now stealing is always
reprehensible, and getting the news in that way is
stealing it.
The Journal is at liberty to use the information
which The Call gathers for its readers. It is gratify
ing to know that despite the prominence it gives to
sensational fakes and Creelmanisms, it has enough in
telligence to know legitimate news when seen, and to
know where to look for it when desired. The Call
insists, however, that the yellow sheet shall be honest
in such matters. When it takes news of importance
from The Call it should give The Call credit. It
should not perpetrate the double fraud of stealing
news and then passing it off upon the public as the
product of its own enterprise.
The report of the Samoan Commission is one 'of the
most important diplomatic documents of the year.
In obtaining a copy of it and publishing it in advance
of the time when it will be given out officially, The
Call achieved one of the greatest successes of journal
ism. The report in The Call was copyrighted. The
New York Journal knew it was copyrighted. The
publication therefore was deliberate, and was done
for the purpose of enabling the Journal to parade itself
in New York as a gatherer of legitimate news as well
as a producer of yellow fakes.
That the Journal must get news from some
source outside its own staff is a matter of course.
That the more intelligent journalists in the yellow ser
vice should look to The Call for the needed news is
equally a matter of course. Nor does The Call object
to supplying it. If the Journal asks for it, The Call
will willingly give it, on condition that due acknowl
edgment is made. The objection to the course taken
by the Journal in this case is that the course was that
of a thief who tries to make a reputation for enter
prise by dealing in stolen goods.
MONEY FOR THE GROND RECEPTION.
rROM all classes of citizens there is expected a
prompt and liberal response to the appeal for
contributions to the fund for providing a grand
reception to the California Volunteers now on their
way home from the Philippines. The response should
be liberal because the men, who volunteered to repre
i sent California in upholding the flag of the nation in
' war, merit a glorious manifestation of public honor
, when they return, and it should be prompt because
the time for making preparations is short.
We have with patriotic ardor and hospitable cordial
', ity welcomed the volunteers of our sister States on
their arrival here. That is as it should be, and yet it
is known to all that the true welcome for those heroes
of the war will be given by their kin folks and neigh
' bors when they return to their own homes. The Cali
| fornia boys will have no welcome other than that
which they receive here, and therefore it should be
i made equal to the double welcoming given to the
volunteers of other States.
From every point of view it is desirable the recep
tion of the volunteers should be made one of the most
; notable civic festivals in our history. It should be
: official and it should be popular. It should be accom
panied by every form of public rejoicing— banners
should fly from every flagstaff, buildings should be
■ decorated, stately parades should mark their tri
; umphal entry into the city and there should be thea
] ter parties, music, feasting and grand receptions.
. To fitly provide such a welcome will require a large
j sum of money to defray the expense. The committee
■ fixes the amount needed at $50,000. With that sum
the reception will be made a festival that will have a
national fame. San Francisco will add to her prestige
;as a hospitable, liberal, patriotic city. It is not too
large a sum to be raised in such a community for such
1 a purpose. The one point of pressing urgency is that
! the contributions should be prompt. The appeal has
I been made. Let the people respond at once.
The London Saturday Review thinks that Canada
is a big enough boy now to shy stones at Uncle Sam,
who is too busy with Cleveland strikes and a Filipino
war to spank the new offender. Nothing but the most
factious British policy can revive, the Review adds,
an annexationist party in Canada. A few opinions
such as the Saturday Review entertains would very
quickly create an aggressive annexationist party in
the United States.
The proselyting ardor of two Mormon elders has
been cooled to the freezing point by a recent affair
in a Florida county, in which the elders figured spec
tacularly as principals. They wei«e stoned and chased
by a mob, their clothes were torn from their backs
and they were forced to swim a swollen river to save
their lives. They have volunteered the information
that they will abandon that field for the present.
The Czar's Peace Conference is at an end. Eng
land is hurrying troops to the Transvaal. Canada has
a chip on her shoulder for Uncle Sam. The Filipinos
are being slaughtered with due diligence. Germany
is reading an insult in every comment and European
birds of prey are hovering over the Chinese empire.
Even the nations enjoy a huge joke on themselves
once in a while.
A Corning editor has been beaten almost into a
pulp by a young man who resented the imputation
that his father had not as clever brains as his partner
possessed. If that young man's mental caliber is
any indication of his father's intellectual weight per
haps the editor was right. t
The Brownsville -woman who gave birth the other
day to seven babies is said to be doing as well as
could be expected. The dispatch is delightfully in
definite in reference to what might be expected under
the circumstances.
Notwithstanding the fact that Sir Robert Peel has
announced his intention of putting all the pictures of
his illustrious family in pawn, London editors are
fatuous enough to think he has "redeeming qualities."
. .
' Spain is still trying to discover why her generals
surrendered in Cuba. Perhaps some of the Ameri
can gunners might throw a little light on the subject.
♦
President McKinley may be expected to branch out
with his new war policy almost any day now since
he has taken Root in the Cabinet. '
Chief Lees wants bicycles for the use of the police
of this city. Great heavens! aren't there enough
wheels now in the department?-
The r people of Spain have not only "got on" to
Weyler's caliber, but they know he is a muzzle-loader
for blank cartridges.
Now if the Ko Kos of the Health Department will
only commit official hara-kiri the people will thank
them. :
DOES THE CHRONICLE STEAL ITS NEWS,
OR IS IT A "YELLOW JOURNAL"?
Tn an editorial yesterday the Chronicle writhed in spasms of indignation over what lt was pleased, un
grammatically, to characterize as the "evils of yellow journalism," "fake interviews" and "irresponsible journalism.
The cause of the tirade of the Chronicle was a cablegram, In its own columns the day before, from Trieste, giving,
in limping phrases, an interview with Admiral Dewey. In this interview the great sailor declared with blunt em
phasis that our next war will be with Germany.
This assertion naturally startled the world. Admiral Dewey has not denied it, but the Chronicle seems to
think that he has done so. Acting upon that assumption and forgetting that it had the original interview in its
own columns the Chronicle has become a dyspeptic scold. There are three or four phases of the affair that are
worth comment. In the first place the interview in which Admiral Dewey made his sensational assertion was copy
righted by the New York Herald and was the exclusive property of that newspaper and The Call. The Chronicle
had no right therefore to publish it. The Herald has given the source of Its Information. Does the Chronicle dare
to tell when and how it obtained the interview?
In the second place the Chronicle repudiates editorially what it published as news. In thus stultifying Itself
does the Chronicle wish to be known as a yellow journal afraid of its own color or as a purloiner of news too
cowardly to admit its guilt when caught? An answer to either question would be interesting and probably will not
be forthcoming.
I COMMUNICATIONS ♦
OUR POLICY IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir:
I have been a constant and careful reader
of your editorials regarding the Philip- j
pines and the Imperialistic war now be
ing- carried on in the Philippines against
the natives inhabiting those islands. The
Impossible report of General Smith of the
battle against the Babaylones on the isl
and of Panay authenticates the Informa
tion imparted to me by an officer of the
Oregon regiment while being entertained
in my house.
He informed me that in all their battles
the opposing force was very small, but
the fact of their (the Filipinos) being so
well acquainted with the peculiar con
struction of the earth's surface and the
natural protections afforded them by the
bamboo and scrub brush, gave them equal
advantages in fighting strength, and when
lt was reported that they had won a great
battle, defeating a strong detachment of
natives, they had in fact only accom
plished the feat by chasing a few Filipi
nos back into a more desolate portion of
the country, who would return as soon
as our soldiers had abandoned the cap
tured territory.
Regarding the capture of a large quan
tity of supplies, "as always reported by
the press censor," he stated in a manner
which he considered amusing that tne
Americans Immediately upon entering a
captured village would proceed to ran- j
sack every house, church and even hold j
up the natives and procure everything
of value, also that all natives discovered I
coming toward the lines with a flag of ■
truce were shot down. He volunteered
the Information that this was done for
the reason that some of them would
come into the lines to procure food and
would then return to their ranks and con
tinue fighting. There was no positive cvi- ;
dence that they had ever done so, but
it was rumored that such was the case.
In appreciating the above facts seri- i
ously, is it possible to ever convince even J
Ignorant, medieval people that a Govern- j
ment whose representatives are so Inhu- j
man on the field of battle is capable of
giving them a government any better
than that which they have just been freed .
from, and as long as such a war of rob
bery and extermination is carried on they I
will fight until the last man is gone.
He states that the people as a class
are clever, intelligent and progressive,
and. as Dewey says, more able to govern
themselves than the Cubans.
This gentleman has had years of ex
perience in the agricultural line, and is
capable of judging as to the productive
ness of the country, and he expresses the
opinion that it will take a century before
the United States will realize a fair in
terest on their investment, not consider
ing the cost of pacifying the people or
rather exterminating them, and the tax
payer of this country will never receive
an" authentic statement of the exact cost
of this imperialistic conquest. ,- .'
His statements regarding the in
competency of the officers in com
mand are almost beyond belief, and
that the people will realize this to be a
fact when every regiment returning from
the Philippines will authenticate what is
being told by those who have returned,
and when it has cost this Government
millions of dollars for keeping "Wyler
ites" in command in the army who are
acting in accordance and under the In
structions of an Imperialistic political
ring, they will then demand some change,
an early settlement, and some definite
policy regarding the future, of the islands.
A business man who would purchase
property and pay over his cash when it
was impossible for him to secure a clear
title or delivery would surely be consid
ered a flt subject for the asylum. The
people of the United States are not blind
to the fact that several million dollars
was paid Spain for something it did
not own and which it was unable to de
liver-however, we are an imperturbable
race,' stanch believers in standing by the
Government in unavoidable trouble, but
how much longer will we bear the burden
of such an Imperialistic war carried on
contrary to the Declaration of Independ
ence and the teachings of our forefathers?
The policy we are trying to carry out in
the Philippines is worse than England in
tended forcing on our forefathers, as it
is impossible for civilized people used to
a temperate zone to thrive in such a tor
rid climate, and it Is plain to the intelli
gent inhabitants of the Philippine Islands
that our object is to burden them with
a tax, where we have everything to gain
(which will not be much) and their con
ditions will not be bettered.
Wishing you success In your effort to
make this Important question plain to the
lovers of liberty and truth, I beg to re
main very sincerely,
main, v«j j, C. R. COULTER.
San Francisco, July 27, 1899.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LOST PROPERTY— X., City. There
is a law in the State of California which
says: "The finder of a thing is entitled
to" compensation for all expenses neces-
I sarily incurred by him in its preserva-
I tion and for any other service necessarily
| performed by him, and to a reasonable
reward for keeping it."
MRS. STANFORD'S DEED— A Sub
! scriber. City. The account of Mrs. Stan
i ford deeding all her property to the Uni-
[ varsity at Palo Alto appeared in The Call
iof June 1. 1599. The notice of the filing of
' the deed in the Recorder's office of Santa
, Clara County appeared on the following
i day. , ,
MUSTERING OUT— J. W., Berkeley.
1 Cal. • Soldiers who enlisted In the United
THE CHRONICLE CAUGHT IN AN UGLY TRAP.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
(From Jugend).
States army, regular or volunteer, and
were sent to Manila are not permitted to
be mustered out In Manila except in case
of physical disability. Unless there is a
special order from tlie War Department
men are mustered out at the place where
they enlisted.
VACCINATION— M. R. A.. Vallejo, Cal.
The rule that requires children attending
the public schools of California to be vac
cinated, if they have not been vaccinated
within a stated period prior to admission,
is a sanitary one that the Boards of Ed
cation or School Trustees have a right
to enforce. They have a right to refuse
admission to any child who has not com
plied with that rule.
POULTRY— P., City. It is not possible
to make hens sit at will, and in such a
way that one could have chicks hatched
so as to have "fryers and broilers ready
for the market any day in the month the
year round." But such could be accom
plished with artificial incubators provid
ing a sufficient number were used. The
hens will lay the eggs and the Incubators
will do the rest.
WAR MEDALS— A. L., Oakland, Cal. It
Is the intention of tne Native Sons' com
mittee that is collecting funds for medals
and certificates to be presented to men
who enlisted in the State of California in
the war with Spain to issue such a medal
and certificate to each volunteer, and if
he does not happen to be present at the
time of the distribution by reason of be
ing employed without the limits of the
State he can file his claim for such re
ward with James P. Dockery*. secretary of
the committee.
NAVY YARD SERVlCE— Subscriber,
City. Positions In the navy yard ser
vice, such as messenger, are filled by
certification from existing registers for
the departmental or Government printing
service, when not filled by transfer or
promotion. These positions are under the
classified civil service rules. Those who
desire to become eligible for such posi
tions should apply for the appropriate ex
amination in the departmental or Gov
ernment printing service.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
LB ItFftFN Manufacturer of Belting and
r. VCUCrt, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and WorkB-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
7 7.7 BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Qeary Street, above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
* COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
900 BATTERY STREET. _
■ Telephone Main 1861. -■•-■
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone* Main 5641
AROUND THE
» CORRIDORS
H. Levitt, one of the leading merchants
of Grass Valley, is at the Russ.
John Scause, a lucky Klondiker, is at
j the Russ accompanied by his wife.
John B. Cornwell. the Los Angeles capi
talist, is a guest at the Occidental.
Cy H. Boynton, a prominent merchant
of Ferndale, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. W. A, Moore, one of the leading
physicians of Benicia, is a guest at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and the
Misses Rutherford are registered at the
Palace.
D. Campbell, the Fort Worth (Tex.) pol
itician, is among the late arrivals at the
Palace.
H. P. Eatin, Arthur Wood and S. S.
Hooper are registered at the Occidental
from Honolulu.
Senator R. F. Del Valle of Los Angeles
came up to the city yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace.
J. K. Harrington, a civil engineer and
prominent politician of Santa Barbara, is
a guest at the Grand.
A. W. Fisher and wife of Pittsburg are
at the Occidental, waiting to welcome the
Pennsylvania boys home.
, Mr. and Mrs. " E. W. - Churchill have
come. down. from their home in Napa and
are staying at the Palace.
Lieutenant Kehl of the German army
and Dr. yon Foerster of Kell, Germany,
I are both staying at the Palace.
Dr. J. E. Naple and C. D. McKay, two
residents of Dawson, are both at the Pal
ace, where they arrived yesterday.
Lieutenant Rhees Jackson of the Second
Oregon Regiment is among the army ar
rivals of yesterday at the Occidental.
Dr. J. Wythe, U. S. A., is among the
arrivals of yesterday at the Occidental.
Colonel Eager of the Nebraska regiment
is at the same hotel, accompanied by his
wife.
Major H. A. Barrett of the United State*
Marine Corps, is at the Palace, accompa
nied by his wife. He comes from Wash
ington. D. C, in obedience to orders at
taching him to the Pacific station.
The Santa Fe. in expectation of Its early
arrival in San Francisco, has commenced
work on the foundations for its new sta
tion buildings on the corner of Spear and
Harrison streets. When completed it will
own some very handsome structures',
whose presence, it ls thought, will greatly
add to the value of real estate in that
section of the city.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 31.— Magner of
San Francisco Is at the Imperial; Henry
Zollars of San Francisco is at the Bar
tholdi; Tomaso R. Rodriguez of Los An
geles is at the Manhattan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 31.— H. W. Pudon
of San Francisco is at the Metropolitan.
William. H. Craig of Oakland ls at the
Wellington.
s — ~*~* "
Cal. glace fruit We per lb at Townsend'». •
. ■» .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •...
tme
There are diseases galore, yet every
death is due to heart failure.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. Blegert's Angostura Bitters la Indorsed
by physicians and chemists for purity. Doa't
accept any substitute.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
JAS. BOYES & CO M Sffi. rtn T%i ß^ri^
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and P*«l-
■^ ers in hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main TM,
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedtev. Props.
234 Fremont St. Costings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
7I ? PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF- PULP AND PAPBR CO.,
niLLMmLIIL 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
■C- \ei- HUll 511 Sansome street.
THE KICKS-JDDD CO., M &SsFifffc
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^^ PARTRIDGE %,£■»-
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
'''■■ : yy Mined by the -
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. at its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES. '
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards — Main street.HEALTH BOARD GUILTY
OF A PUBLIC OUTRAGE
Emergency Hospitals Closed to Aid
a Shameful Raid.
Political Doctors Prey Upon the Fears of Citizens to
Force the Board of Supervisors to Provide
for Political Rascals.
The Board of Health has gone as far '
ns it dares in its threats to injure the j
city, to jeopardize the health of Its peo- '
pie and to force the Supervisors to pro- I
vide out of the public treasury for the
motley and disreputable herd of Burns !
campaigners.
When the Board of Health took office
the members shamelessly appointed
men utterly unqualified for the posi
tions to which they had been chosen.
Gamblers, roustabouts, tenderloin loaf
ers and political parasites were placed '
in positions where they could render
no public service and. would feed upon :
public bounty.
Feople of .the city were Justly Indig
nant, but the Board of Health Impu
dently replied that the public had no |
choice and the city must pay for the
gang of blackguards chosen to admin
ister affairs of life and death. The
board threatened that if it did not re- j
ceive carte blanche in the way of funds
every health department in the
city would be crippled to such a degree j
that the Supervisors would be forced to
appropriate ail the money that was j
necessary for the outrageous raid. It I
as even insinuated that if necessary j
the political highwaymen, who stood
behind the shoulders of the Board of
Health at the doors of the city treas
ury, would declare an epidemic and
fierce teen the treasury for even
greater thefts. It was shown that the
people of the city would become par
g alyzed with fright and San Francisco ,
* would be dealt a blow from which it
would not recover in years. Frantic
endeavors were made to prove that the
bubonic plague had entered this port,
and that other frightful maladies were
likely to follow In it,** wake. The Board j
of Health was determined to accom
plish its raid.
As predicted in The Call on Sunday, ■
it has now gone as far as it dares in its
shameful schemes. In order to force
the Board of Supervisors to open the
treasury, the Board of Health has
closed ail the receiving hospitals — that
which is located in the City Hall, the
one on the water front and the third I
In Golden Gate Park. The bureau of j
vaccination has been abolished, the de
partment of food inspection has been j
wiped out, the bacteriological annex,
which made itself ridiculous in its ef
forts to find the bubonic plague where j
it did not exist, has reached an inglor
ious end. Assistants in other depart
ments have been removed and every
possible effort has been made to de
moralize the administration of health
affairs in this city.
The board has been utterly unscrup- i
ulous in its daring efforts to accom- I
plish the loot of the treasury, as it
was shameless and impudent in its ap
pointment of political ruffians to pub
lic office. The entire scheme has no
other motive than this.
4 Perhaps the most outrageous action
\ of the Board of Health in this direction
is in closing the Receiving Hospital at J
the City Hall. The members of the |
Board of Health believe that they have
the city by the throat and they intend
to choke it into submission. Utterly
without cause they have closed its main j
receiving hospital upon the absurd ■
ground that it is in an unsanitary con- j
dition. A prearranged report in refer
ence to the condition of the hospital !
was submitted by the Plumbing In- j
spector. The board had no shadow of
excuse for closing the hospital except ;
upon the lame ground that it was un- !
sanitary. As far as emergency cases |
are concerned, the hospital is in a bet- I
ter condition than it has been in years, I
but the Board of Health is determined j
to frighten the people of the cit£ to
the last degree.
This was illustrated In an almost j
horrifying manner after midnight this j
morning. The board had decided that I
the hospital should close at midnight. I
notwithstanding the fact that the j
Board of Supervisors had during the ,
afternoon transferred $47.' to the health j
fund to be used in making the improve
ments and repairs which Health Officer I
w Lawlor had declared to be Imperative.
These repairs will cost no more than ]
this sum. and they can be made with
out haste within two days. The Board
of Health said, however, that the hos
pital must close, and at midnight the
doors were locked.
One of the attendants, Dr. Morrison, •
however, remained on duty. Shortly j
after midnight Officer McGee brought
a patient in ail haste to the hospital. |
This patient was Martin Riley, a sol
dier In the casual detachment at the j
CONTRACTORS IN
A LIVELY WAR
OVER QUARRIES
Gray Brothers Shut
Out Their Rivals.
4,
Two rival contracting companies and
their laborers came within an ace of be
coming tangled in the throes of fierce
cimb'at at the foot of Telegraph Hill yes
terday forenoon, and had it not been for
the timely appearance of Sergeant Chris
tianson and a squad of police there might
have been urgent need for the ambulance
and perhaps the Morgue wagon.
The quarrel that has been waged long !
nnd bitterly between Gray Brothers and
the Cushing-Wetmore Company reached
a climax' and the laborers of both com
panies reported for duty yesterday morn
ing armed to the teeth and thirsting for
gore.
Gray Brothers and the Cushing-Wet
more Company have been busily engaged
for the last few years tearing big holes
In the rocky sides of Telegraph Hill. Their
quarries at the base of the hill between
Lombard and Winthrop streets are ad
joining, and the boundary line has been
a bone of bitter contention.
About a week ago Gray Brothers blasted
the extreme western end of their quarry
and the falling rocks and debris blocked
a road which was used by the teams of
the Cushing-Wetmore Company traveling
In and out of their quarry from Lombard
street. This move on the part of Gray
Brothers forced their rivals to use Win
throp street as a thoroughfare to their
(uarry. ..-_-- :'- :-
Under the provisions of an ordinance
passed by the Board of Supervisors on
July .1, Gray Brothers were granted per
mission to lay a sixty-foot sidewalk on
Winthrop street. Gray Brothers took ad
Presidio. Riley was taken from Ab
bott's saloon on Grant avenue, a popular
resort for thieves of both sexes and one
of the most disreputable places in San
Francisco or anywhere else. Riley had
been skylarking with one of the women
of the place and thrust his hand I
trfrough a glass door. The wrist was
frightfully lacerated and blood Issued
In spurts from an artery. The patrol
wagon was hastily summonded and, | '
serving as an ambulance, sped in all «
haste with Riley and Officer McGee to , >
the Receiving Hospital at the City Hall. <
When the wounded soldier arrived ; 1
there Dr. Morrison insolently refused to >
attend him. The physician declared . i
that the Receiving Hospital had been j I
closed officially at midnight and no pa- I i
tlents, emergency or otherwise, would ; i
be received. The Board of Health is | '
taking desperate measures to force j '
open the doors of the treasury. ]
The soldier's wrist was still bleeding ' ,
profusely. He was becoming weak ,
from loss of blood, but Dr. Morrison
stood haughtily on his officialism and '
declined to render aid. Efforts were '
made to secure by telephone permission j .
from some member of the Board of ]'.
Health to allow the soldier to be treat- j :
cd. Nothing, however, could be done, ; i
The hospital was officially closed and j i
the soldier might die on the step. This | '
climax of outrage indicates to what | '
length the Board of Health is deter- | .
mined to go in its efforts to obey the j .
commands of Its political master. ;
There is absolutely no sincerity in I !
the action of the board in dismissing I j
the employes and paralyzing the ser- ,
vice. This was shown clearly by the I ,
fact that the Chief Food Inspector and i
his assistants have determined to serve j ;
without pay until the question Is deter- j :
mined in the courts. This means that ! '
the Chief Food Inspector and his as- i ,
sistants wish to add a little buncombe j ;
to the blusters of their superiors. As | :
announced in The Call on Sunday, the j :
board met yesterday in secret session I
and adopted the following resolutions: ! ]
Whereas The Board of Supervisors have j ,
failed to appropriate an amount sufficient | I
to the proper conduct of the Health Depart
ment of the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and have only allowed sufficient to
pay the officers especially designated by the
statutes; be It hereby '
Resolved. That on and after the first day <
of August. 1-*'. the following positions un
der the control of this board be declared
vacant: Assistant police surge.. Morrison,
Thompson, Hopper, Dorr and Robinson;
food inspectors. Devoto, Murray, Breeze,
Sullivan. Erkson, Thomas, Lahaney and
Ryan: health inspectors, Crowe and Smith;
bacteriologist. William F. Barbat; vaccin
ator, George E. MePherson; chemist, A. C.
Bothe; assistant chemist, R. A. Gould:
statistician, E. B. Carroll; clerk of vital
statistics, F. C. Boeckman; bakery in
spector, J. T. Washington; veterinary* sur
geon. I. W. O'Rourke; plumbing inspectors,
Nolan, Kelly and Connolly; garbage in
spectors. Gregg and Coneo; clerk to health
officer R. M. Jones; assistant market In
spector, He-lilngsworth; ambulance drivers, (
Kelly, Pendergast. Kaplan and Lilly; Jani
tors. Berliner and Tyrrlll: matrons, Reel,
Swett. Wynne and Eddy; captain of launch, ;
P. McGowan; engineer, Cousins: deckhand, ,
Johnson, and messenger, John 'Wilkins, Be J
it further
Resolved, That the public be hereby noti
fied that on and after the first day of
August 1899, the free vaccination office at
the City Hall will be closed until further
notice: also that the Harbor and Park Re
ceiving Hospitals will be closed until fur
ther notice; that no chemical or bacteri
ological examinations will be made until
further notice.
While this board regrets exceedingly to
be obliged to close to the public these very
important departments, and feels that It
will nececsarHy leave the community with
out proper sanitary protection, and possibly
jeopardize the lives of Its citizens by clos
ing the Receiving Hospitals, we cannot ask |
our employes to serve without compensa- |
tion.
The outrageous action of the Board
of Health in closing the Receiving Hos
pital practically paralyzed last night !
the work of the Police Department. !
Emergency cases that would not be ac
cepted at the Receiving Hospital had
to be taken to the City and County
Hospital on Potrero avenue and Twen- |
ty-second street. If the honorable mem- !
bers of the Board of Health could so |
complacently violate the first oath of j
their profession and permit people to
die under their very eyes, the police j
could not. They therefore used their |
patrol wagons to hurry sufferers out to
the City and County Hospital. This as
a matter of course clogged the admin- |
istration of the Police Department In j
other directions. Offenders were held j
at patrol boxes sometimes for an hour
at a time waiting for a conveyance to
the central or branch prisons. This led I
to the additional outrage of leaving the i
city unprotected and at the mercy of
whatever malefactors cared to operate.
The Board of Health has begun a des
perate and a dangerous campaign to
| raid the city treasury.
vantage of this permission with a venge- !
ance, and on Sunday morning when the -
representatives of the Cushing-Wetmore
Company were sleeping soundly Grays'
men were busily engaged in laying the
sidewalk, which would virtually block the
Cushing-Wetmore Company's only access
and egress to Chestnut street. At each |
end of the sidewalk three stout piles were
driven Into the sidewalk to prevent teams j
passing over the sidewalk.
When Cushlng-Wetmore's laborers ar- ]
rived yesterday morning they attempted
to tear away the sidewalk, and Grays'
men stood hard by to prevent their rivals
from undoing their work. Harsh words
were passed and some angry threats
made, but Sergeant Christianson and his
squad soon quelled the disturbance. The -
matter will be taken into court.
Patrolmen McGovern, Freel, Connor and
Peshon were detailed to protect the prop- j
erty of both firms and keep the peace un
til the matter is decided by the courts.
Bate yesterday afternoon the Gushing-
Wetmore Company's laborers tore up the
objectionable sidewalk on authority fur- I
nished them by a written order from i
Mayor Phelan. The work of removing
the obstruction was carried on under the j
surveillance of the squad of police in at- j
tendance, and no resistance was offered i
by Gray's men. A representative of the i
Cushing-Wetmore Company stated last !
night that to-day they would enter suit j
against Gray Brothers for $25,000 damages.
THE KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. July 31.— The regular monthly
drawing for July of tho Canadian Royal Art
Union, by which the winning numbers of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held here
to-day. The first six winning numbers are:
17992, $15,000; 82G61. $4000; 07326. $2000; 92942, $1000;
42445. $500; 55999, $500. •
/:/• In the Divoroe Court.
Judge Bahrs has granted Laura E.Nash
a divorce from James E. Nash on the
ground of neglect. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Julia H. Allen against John
Allen, for failure to provlde;EUa Grlswold
against James Grlswold, for bigamy: John
B. Frick against Etta R. Frick. for deser
tion; Matilda Gore against William Gore,
for failure to provide; Max Bernstein
against Etta L. Bernstein, for cruelty;
Dora M. Koopmann against Louis Koop
mann, for desertion, and Louis Fredrich
against Adoiph Fredrich, for cruelty.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh - street, corner . Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
A RUSH OF WORK
ON TRANSPORTS
AND MAIL DOCK
All Wharves Crowded
With Shipping.
— ♦ —
ACCIDENT ON MORGAN CITY
— • —
HERBERT GLADSTONE BURNED
WITH GASOLINE.
♦— —
Barges for the Sacramento Wheat
Trade — Rear Admiral Kautz
Transfers His Flag to the
Philadelphia.
It was a question as to which were the .
busier yesterday, the Mall dock or the i
transport wharf. Both were worked to |
their full capacity, and any person who
had to visit either pier was compelled to ;
keep a bright lookout In order to avoid
being run over. At the Government wharf
are the transports Hancock. Indiana and
Morgan City; while at the Mail dock
there are the City of Peking, City of Syd
ney, San Bias and Gaelic. All the bag
gage of the Nebraska volunteers was j
taken off the Hancock during the morn- I
ing and sent out to the Presidio. Freight
and supplies were being rushed Into the
Indiana and Morgan City, while gangs of
workmen were engaged on all three yes- I
sels fixing up for another voyage. The
Indiana is to sail to-day with TOO recruits
and the Morgan City Is expected to sail
on Thursday with about 500 recruits.
At the Mail dock double gangs will
work night and day on the City of Peking
until she is discharged. She will then go .
on the drydock for an overhauling, and if
all goes well she will be loaded and away j
again for the Orient by Saturday after- :
noon. The Peking is six days behind
time owing to being quarantined in Naga
said, but she is expected to mako up the ]
time before she gets back to San Fran-
Cisco. The work of discharging the Gaelic !
will not be rushed until after fhe Peking
is out of the way. She is scheduled to !
sail on the 9th inst., so there will be
plenty of time to discharge and load her |
before that. The City of Sydney will be
unloaded as quickly as possible and will !
then be overhauled and turned over to the
Government. Her place on the Panama
run will be taken by the San Bias.
Captain E. M. Freeman, the well-known ;
pilot, returned from a visit to the East
yesterday. He was gone a month and
visited his brother in Baltimore and his
two brothers in Boston. The captain was
kept busy all yesterday morning shaking
hands with friends, and early in the af- ;
ternoon went home in order to keep his'
faithful "right" from being shaken off.
Herbert Gladstone, a young plumber,
met with a peculiar accident on the trans
port Morgan City yesterday. He was en
gaged in fixing up some piping and bad
a cup of gasoline on a table close by him.
He was using a candle to Bee where the
defects in the pipe were when Foreman
Wilson came along and asked him for the
candle to light his cigar. When the can
dle was passed back Wilson and Gladstone
talked for a few moments, and the latter,
passed the lighted candle back without
looking where he was putting It. The
flames came in contact with the gasoline
and there was an explosion that seriously
burned both of Gladstone's hands. He
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where Drs. Dorr and Hlmmelsbach
attended to his wounds.
The battleship lowa went to the Union
Iron Works yesterday afternoon to take ,
her armament aboard again. When she :
was getting ready to go on the drydock at
Port Orchard considerable heavy equip- ;
ment was put ashore at the iron works.
It is now to.be replaced. During the aft
ernoon Rear Admiral Kautz hauled down
his flag aboard the lowa and raised it i
again on the Philadelphia. The change \
was duly noted on both vessels and a sa- !
lute of thirteen guns fired. - - *
The steamer Novo arrived from Fort .
Bragg yesterday with the barge Chester
A In tow. The latter is a wheat carrier
built for the Sacramento River trade, i
She is 198 feet long and 38 feet broad. She
will carry 10,000 sacks of wheat or 12,000
<*acks of barley. The Chester A has been
built by Scammell & Ruddell to run in ,
conjunction with the steamer Pride of the |
Yukon. There is an enormous grain crop
In the Sacramento Valley this year, and
both vessels will be kept busy all through
the season. A sister barge to the Chester
A Is now being built. She will be named !
the Admiral Dewey. Scammell & Rud
dell expect that there will be plenty of
! business on the river for the barges all
the year round. .__.-,
Captain Johnson of the "Noyo was very
sick with rheumatism when the vessel
reached port. He was taken to the Ger
man Hospital by the mate as soon as the
vessel docked.
The old bark Colorado has been turned
into a barge and is shortly to be towed
from Departure Bay to San Francisco
laden with coal. The tug Pilot will tow
her down and the trip is expected to be
made quickly and easily.
LAST REPORT OF THE
SURGEON GENERAL
REORGANIZATION OF MEDICAL
DEPARTMENT, N. G. 0.
Dr. John Gallwey Tells of the In
creased Efficiency of This Branch
of the State Service.
Dr. John Gallwey, surgeon general of
the National Guard of California, has
forwarded to General John Dickinson a
report of the medical department of the
Guard since its reorganization. When Dr.
Gallwey left for Europe recently he was
too ill to complete the report before his
departure. In the document the surgeon
general reviews the condition of his de
partment prior to the appropriation by the
State Legislature for its improvement,
and his comments indicate that tho
medical and surgical branch and the
equipment and supplies were anything
but good. The bill, which appropriated
13000, also provided for the creation of a
sanitary corps as a staff department, a
surgeon general as an executive head,
medical examining hoards and for trans
ference and enlistment of men into the
corps, and all to be properly equipped.
Tne reorganization was duly effected,
as heretofore published, and the numeral
strength of the corps, including naval
militia, now consists of 29 commissioned
officers, 17 non-commissioned officers and
121 privates. By the exercise of much in
genuity the purchase of equipment was
made to come within the limit of the ap
propriation. Dr. Gallwey in his report
highly praises the Red Cross Society and
says that at the outbreak of the Spanish
War the society gave to the Sanitary
Corps, X. G. C, a sum of money for the
purpose of equiping'the medical depart
ment of the California regiments with
everything necessary for active field
service. This money was judiciously ex
pended, and in obedience to an order from
the commander in chief the entire equip
ment was turned over to the Gevernment
for the use of the United States Volun
teer service, and Dr. Gallwey adds: "I
can safely assert from personal observa
tion that no volunteer regiment at San
Francisco possessed an equipment equal
to that of the California Volunteer regi
ments. * * * In a report to the sur
geon general. United States army. Colonel
Mlddleton made special mention of the
virtues of the above-described equip
ment." _ui«*a
Special mention 13 made of the various
camps of Instruction held in 1897, where
the corps received much practical knowl
edge and some experience fn the line of
field and hospital service. In the work
of reorganization much credit is due to
the many executive officers of the Na
tional Guard for advice and assistance,
and though the reorganization has borne
good fruits, there ls still much to be
done. In concluding his report Dr. Gall
wey states that professional not social
qualifications must be the test upon
which commissions should be issued, and
that "the discharge of social and political
debts should not De permitted to disturb
the officers of proved ability in the med
ical department."
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st
ANOTHER JULIET AND
A NEW AIDA CHARM
Miss Roberts Makes a Hit
as Shakespeare's Ten
der Heroine.
IN* London years ago, when Mrs. Bel
lamy played Juliet to Garrick's Romeo, j
and at a rival theater Barry was the \
Montague to Mrs. Gibber's Capulet, !
the play had the unprecedented run of
twelve nights at one theater and thir- I
teen at the other, Garrick's desire to
speak last o'erleaping his terror of the
mystic thirteen. Stupendous revivals,
with magnificent scenery, correct cos
tumes and all-star casts, are the only
ones nowadays billed, for what is com
mon enough with us, the season's run. j
However, It applause is an indication of I
popular approval, "Romeo and Juliet" is a '
| success sturdy enough to reach at least ,
its thirteenth birthday, and need not, to i
make good its announcements, die on the j
seventh night. It is a most pretentious I
production. New scenery has been paint
ed, some new people engaged and, where
the principals are in question, gorgeous i
Hermann gowns and costumes are worn,
I absolutely correct to the period, of course, j
for Hermann would scarce lend his sound
ing name to anything less.
Miss Roberts has spared neither pains
nor expense on her Juliet wardrobe and
the result is a Joy to the beholder. Even j
I her wig, a perfect Venetian red, is a ;
I work of art, made by a local wig maker,
too, after days of patient search for just |
the tint. Mr. Whittlesey's costume sym
phony in red is gorgeous— simply gor
geous—and when one considers the prices .
at this theater one can but be thankful i
that the artistic sense is so great a part j
of some natures that no handicap is con- |
sidered when its demands are making.
As the shadows close about Romeo's life j
I his costumes grow somber; brilliant red, |
i thoughtful gray, sorrowful black. Mr.
1 Whittlesey's make-up was correctly and j
! handsomely Italian. The stage manager
! has made a success of his scenery. The
! set for the balcony scene, with its vine- j
clad walls, its hangings and its street
distances is well thought out and carried :
one into the atmosphere of the times. '
I The Alcazar lias reason to be proud of I
the result of its efforts. But "the play ,
1 is the thing," and the players, r ■:;--.
The Juliets of the stage, past and pres
ent, are, after all, not numerous; for to I
act Juliet well the actress must have so ;
' many years of experience that she ceases
to look Juliet. Miss Roberts comes to the ,
: part with both youth and experience, for |
she was little more than a child when she j
made her professional debut. She is four
teen—not a day older— and of how many
Juliets can this be said. They have been
stately and tragic, amorous, tender, elo
quent, seductive, impassioned, and even,
i as in the case of Mrs. Slddons, terrific
and sublime. Miss Roberts brings to the
early scenes a spirit of perfect innocence
and purity. Her childish coquetry in the
dance when her eyes ever seek out Romeo l
is so openly without guile that girlhood is
! patent. She plays the balcony scene for
comedy, and plays it charmingly so. But
before this, in the words "My only love
sprung from my only hate, too early seen
unknown, and known too late," a certain j
undertone of the tragic, the shadow of
Impending doom, which many critics con- I
sider the keynote of the part, makes Itself
vaguely felt. She is weighted with a han
dicap in her scenes with the nurse, for
Miss Leavy lacks real testlness— lacks de
cision; and not to know just how one is to
be met somewhat blunts one's intentions. ;
Miss Roberts' Impatience and winning
playfulness met with but little response.
With the first touch of sorrow she ages
and becomes the heroine, and comedy is
left behind forever. The potion scene
i will grow with experience in the part.
Even now the latter half is very strong
i and in places done with a subtle insight
that brings the corse of Tybalt painfully
.before our eyes. In no place does she
overact, and perhaps the fear of this ter
, rible fault accounts for the repression in
.the first part. Miss Roberts has the
strength and undoubtedly the work here
will become what she has the power to
I make it. Her love scenes were all beauti
i ful from the ingenuousness of the girl to
the passionate ardor of the woman, and
her death in the tomb a quiet heartbreak
to all. But we have one more Juliet to
love and are happy. : - -..'.
Mr. Whittlesey as a lover Is always
' worthy of being loved. So ably did he
' plead that, as some one has said before,
Juliet might have forgotten her modesty
and come down to him. Apart from the
j love scenes, his best work is done where
he slays Tybalt and In the tomb. In the
cell with Friar Lawrence he is strong
but somewhat overwrought. But the I
parting with Juliet and the tomb scene |
follow, and then in the satisfaction of
I these what did not quite please us is for
gotten. Mr. Dennithorne's Mercutio was
very good, as were the Benvollo of Mr.
Halifax and the Paris of Mr. Moore.
The other parts were satisfactory, but
' not of exceptional merit. But what of
this? Juliet and Romeo, they are the
play and they have won our hearts. Be
sides, if one sets about it he can find fault
with anything. Pepys. he of the diary,
said of the tragedy, "It Is a play of It-
I self the worst I have seen." Still, if I
remember aright, he saw a version so im-
I proved as to save the life of both Romeo
and Juliet. Miss Roberts and Mr. Whit
! tlaf-ey almost make us wish they had
j known that version, so unhappy do we
I feel that their lovo is for so brief a sea-
I son.
We expected much of both these artists,
I and we have not been disappointed. The
most unstinted praise is due them both.
The advance sale for the week is so large
that an extended run is probable.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Orpheum.
There was "standing room only" at the
Orpheum long before 8 o'clock last night.
The Nebraska boys to the number of
nearly GOO were the guests of honor and
the people turned out by thousands' to
applaud with them the splendid pro
gramme presented by the management.
The Eldrldges, "past masters of colored
comedy," set the ball rolling. They served
i as a splendid introduction to the even
ing's amusement and nearly convulsed
the audience with some of their clever
skits. They were followed by Herr yon
Palm. As a lightning painter in oils he
excels, and some of his pictures were so
true to life that they evoked storms of
i applause. Dave Meier gave a most in
teresting exhibition of bag punching. His
skill at this kind of exercise Is simply
marvelous and he at once established
himself as a favorite with the Nebraska
boys. La Fafalla and the others repeated
their successes of last week, and all In
all the programme left nothing to be de
sired.
The Junior Sagamore.
William G. Harrison, great junior saga
more of the Great Council of the United
States, Improved Order of Red Men, ar
rived in this city last night from' Indian
apolis. The visitor, who is a very prom
inent member of the order, will be here
during the session of the Great Council cf
California.
Electricity for Weak Men. ?
: . I
, . Vl\l/ f* ' ' There Ie nothing like ELECTRICITY to _
. . v U/l / > \y!( ydLf'si. ~W ii put life, rim * * rigor into weak men or ■>
-. \ \ «. /^^iT//"-*^ 'eia^^^lz&'y' women. Drugs fir* out temporary relief:
> . tin i v <4siuiat / %iffD^J^T\W.)/^ act merely as a stimulant, but Electricity a
\VV^__hs__^_\^______KKS^C- *" ce9 *° ""^ weak parte of the body In- y
Jii^\^k^^A^_n_il^oriK__|-MS_W_n^ Btsuitaneously. Imparting nature' force I
____^\vi^____V7\>^*^.^r-iWft VSWKB thereto and doing the required work sure- 0
/OX^^^Jf^^^^^^^-S^sy jJaw ly and In ft permanent manner. If -'run i
K«issS^b~!B»^H^^<*r A>^y?ai -irV/fi'-'elßl down In health and strength you had g_
a^__Sf« i *'7f*6\" ' v i A/ ' " tr V\___BH better try eiectrtoity. Use an Electrio vi
SJ^7 '° -r^iyAffj/ y*4&t6E-—\ Bel?,' for this It th. best method of ap- 1
l__lMM_l_C*FC*^ ■j'-TrT' . 2___k_7'l_L_ ""'r!_Tß'______ff pi Ting: It, but bo sure you got a good one a
9lWsf\M'a\-(%iF^m,t^^^eETM\^\\-m^^ while vow are about lt: in short, try "Dr. y
l__y&t»iJsy •«1 rJpfi s'feE'^^a l^rMMV^^- Pierces, 'or It Is guaranteed to be the I
xrrf<zgJl\jQ£jE&__X beet Electric Belt on earth. 0
£"7" "Booklet No. 9," free at oflloe or i
f*»oi-vy/'ix *> sM^^^—Xxr\vt\^y stat br mall for alo stamp., telle all '
™ ' l S^^" - PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., , +
/^^T/f^ 630 MARKET STREET, 1
\ Nf \ Oppo.ite P»lm. Hotel, Sen FranettN. ™
Tivoli Grand Opera Season
Has a Brilliant Open
ing Night.
w # OTWTTHSTANDING the fact that -j
|M San Francisco has been surfeited | <
1^ with grand opera this year, the | ]
I " Tivoli Opera-house was almost too j ]
" small to accommodate the monster i j
audience that awaited anxiously the j ]
rise of the curtain in order to revel once .]
more in the Imperial melodies of a master. i
Assuredly the management could not . •>;
have made a wiser choice for the inaug- »,
uration of Its operatic season than Verdi's *
"Aida"; not merely because this grand ._
musical structure enables an introduction j .
of every strong artist, but because its .
grandeur and grandiloquent airs invest »
it with a solemnity especially in accord ; *
with the festive sentiment that accompa- j *
nles an opening performance.
It did not require long to discover the | .
character of the impression made upon j .
the audience by this initiatory perform- j •
ance. Hardly had Avadano concluded his •
grand aria in the first act when the house j *
began to tremble beneath the applause ] .
that issued forth from the enthusiastic , .
assemblage. Time and again the artist | .
bowed, deeply moved by this immense j •
ovation; but the applause would not sub- J •
side until the tenor consented to repeat | _
the last few lines. This applause was ; .
honestly merited. A tenor of such crys- j .
talline clarity and mellow tone quality, , .
tinged with splendid dramatic timbre, is j •
certainly very rare, and by appreciating : •
such a voice the people merely proved j _
their fine powers of discrimination. Ava- : .
dano simply plays with the most dim- .
cult technical parts, and his high notes j .
are as delicious as a kiss. j .
Salassa, in the role of Amonasro, dv- .
plicated his former success. To possess i _
a barytone of such flexibility and power .
ls to be endowed with one of the richest | *
gifts that nature can bestow, but to De j .
so intelligent as to make proper use of
such a marvelous organ is the acme of j t
sublime art, and applause is but a weak , „
tribute to such talent. In the duet In the £
Nile scene especially, Mr. Salassa did not ]
hesitate to drain the last drop In the gob- \
let of music. Imperious and imposing, the , J
solemn tones dropped from his lips, his '
phrasing was exquisite; his modulation j -
was sublime. Would that there were «
many more artists like Salassa. j *
Mary Linck no doubt is always heard at i
her best as Amneris. Her big contralto 1
has full sway in this role and her dra- i
matic temperament has a fine chance to
assert itself. Miss Linck is an artist. But J
the Interest of the audience was centered I
in Miss Ella Prossnitz. the prima donna, ■
who has just arrived from Milan and in- i
troduced herself as Aida. Miss Proas- i
nitz possesses a dramatic soprano of a
mellow quality. Her upper notes were
elegant and were brought out clear and
ringing. Her lower notes were uttered
with some difficulty, no doubt owing to a
severe cold contracted after a day s stay j
in San Francisco. Her histrionic accom- 1
plishments are great. The Aida of Miss ,
Prossnitz must be pronounced asldealand, j
as far as one can see from last night, the
lady controls a soprano that will prove a
marvel ere the season is passed. ,
Chorus and orchestra did some praise
worthy work and Mr. Hirschf deserves .
much credit for Infusing life and snap in
both. No fault can be found with his (
direction; it was exemplary. George Lask,
the stage manager, deserves also a share <
when praise is distributed. The mounting j 1
W Not e fesa than six curtain calls were | <
.riven after the fourth act, which shows i ■■
the success of the season. This evening
"Lucia" will be given with Anna Lichter h
as Lucia. Barron Berthold as Lord Edgar,
and William Mertens as Henry Ashton. <
It will be an i^^ggmanc^^^ .
California.
Bronson Howard's four-act comedy,
"One of Our Girls,'' which was produced
at the California last night, would not bo
a success in Paris. It is one of the most
caustic satires on the marriage da con
venance and marriage in high life in the
land of the Gaul that has ever been pre
sented on the stage. The first act is
somewhat disappointing; it is smothered
in sermons and Dr. Girodet becomes al
most a bore. The second act is a de
cided improvement and the third is truly
Judged'from the severely artistic point
of view there are but two people in the
cast two people who hold the attention
of the audience by an exhibition of
splendid acting from the start to the
finish— Blanche Bates as Kate Shipley,
tho American heiress, and Augustus
Cook as the Count Flortan de Crebil on:
the first the type of the American girl as
we like to se? her, the other the Parisian
man of the world with all the vices of
the atmosphere in which he moves, with
the courage of the successful duellist,
and that sense of honor which arises
from the pride of station.
T. Daniel Frawley had but little more
than a walking gentleman's role as Cap
tain Gregory of the Irish Lancers, who,
unlike the Irish captain that one reads
about, is a little bashful and a good deal
woodenv. But that Is the fault of the
author, not of the actor. Hope Ross was
a pretty and interesting French wife in
love with somebody else than her hus
band, and the audience really sym
pathized with the giddy little thing— the
unhappy victim of a false education.
Charles King had a good make-up as
Foublanque, and Mrs. Bates as the
madame played up to her usual mark of
excellence. ' . . ■_■'''■
"One of Our Girls" will be repeated to
night and Wednesday and Thursday
evenings and at a special matinee on
Wednesday. The remainder of the week,
including the Saturday matinee and th©
Sunday evening production, will be de
foted to "Mme. Sans Gene."
Grand Opera-House.
Seldom has the Grand Opera-house
contained such a delighted audience au
the one last night, when Yon Suppe'a
comic opera, "Boccaccio," with Its spark
ling music, was produced. William Wolff
as the grocer, Arthur Wooley as the
cooper and Wlnfred Goff as the barber
kept up the fun, and many times th*
audience was convlused with laughter
by their broad and catchy humor. The
trio In the first act was encored six or
seven times. Arthur Wooley's song with
the coopers' chorus was also repeated
several times. Edith Mason as Boccaccio,
Julie Cotte as Fiametta. Hattie Belle
Ladd as Leonetto and Bertha Rlcci as
Peronella were In excellent voice and
Thomas H. Persse as Pietro was as usual
pleasing. Georgie Cooper made her first
appearance as Isabella and was the re
cipient of numerous bouquets. The
choruses were well rendered and the evo
lutions of the chorus girls In the last act
called forth loud applause. The opera
went with a swing and there should be
crowded houses during the week.
Chutes.
The new bill at the Chutes theater at
A-DVEBTISiaLENTS.
;..|..j..T..;..|..]..;.^.|^.|.»|^^.}^.?..1»1..T..;..i»^
No Clearance Sale.
_
We beg to inform our friends and the public
that owing to the "weeding out" of our various
stocks during our recent successful REORGAN-
IZATION SALE, we are reiieved of the neces-
sity of inaugurating the Semi-Annual Clearance
Sale, which at the close of each succeeding
Summer season has been an attractive feature
of our business. Our stocks at present are re-
plete with everything desirable and in demand
in the line of Dry Goods, and an examination of
our spacious show windows will afford the most .
satisfactory evidence of the excellent values we
are offering in Black and Colored Dress Goods
(including a splendid assortment of the latest
novelties), Ladies' Tailor-made Suits, Ladies'
Shirt Waists (special bargains), Wash Goods
(Fine Madras at "j\ cents per yard), Boys' and
Children's Clothing (School Suits a specialty),
and Ladies' Muslin Underwear.
!_fl_J Murphy Buiidlngr, /
Market, Jones and McAllister Streets,
San Francisco.
racted a goodly audience last night, and
Soe Matthews, a coon song singer who in
stitutes a very favorable comparison with
jizzle Raymond, made an immense hit.
-he was recalled three times. Rand, By
•on and Rand, an eccentric trio, sang
lome of the craziest songs heard here for
i long time and did some wonderfully
unny knockabout work, Hallett and Car
oil gave a clever German sketch, which
ntroduced some good Tyrolean warbling,
md Violet Dale continued her buck and
vine dancing. The rest of the bill was
mod and the moving pictures unusually
nteresting. The fat ladles' bicycle race
vill be repeated on Thursday, amateur J
.ight, and on Saturday a big Cakewalk
will take place. ;
Columbia.
"Heartsease," with Its romantic epi
lodes set to soul-stirring music, opened a
.rosperous second week at the Columbia
ast evening. Henry Miller, Miss Anglin
md the others of the excellent support
ng company still take hold of the com
nonplace roles of -the play in a way that
ifts the ordinary to the unusual and de
udes the auditor in imagining the mix
ture of hackneyed anecdotes and time
rled scenes a work of merit.
' Last evening marked the fiftieth repre
sentation of the star and his company,
md in honor of the event photos of Miller
n the player scene of "Hamlet" were dis
:rlbuted as souvenirs of the pleasant oc
casion. ,'•••'. _, ...
"Heartsease" holds the boards until
rhursday evening, when an elaborate
production of "Hamlet" will fill the bill
for the balance of the week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEAR lii
EVERYBODY'S TALKING
OIL
On the street corner, in the car, on the ferry
boat, at the theater.
EVERYWHERE
Excitement Daily Increasing!
A big oil boom is coming that will make
fortunes in a day for those that are wise
enough to get in at the start. Don't wait to
hear your neighbor's •
STRUCK OIL.
A few shares purchased now at $3 50 may fix
you comfortably for life.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
323 PARROTT BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
" ~~"~ AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND O^EI^HOIJSB
TELEPHONE— MAIN 532.
THEY LAUGHED— THEY SHOUTED—
YELLED AT LAST NIGHTS PERFORM-
ANCE OF THE FUNNIEST OF
ALL FUNNY OPERAS,
"BOCCACCIO!"
THE NEW MARCH A "HIT."
i You Ought to Hear the Chorus— a Corker.
Orchestra, 35c and 50c: Family Circle, loc.
Dress Circle. 25c; Gallery. 10c.
At the Saturday Matinee the Best Seat in
the House, 25c. __ . „
Branch Box Office Just Inside of Main En-
trance Emporium. _______________________________
21-EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS-21
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG,
In the Original Protean Comedietta, "Man-
agerial Troubles."
JOSEPH ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
HERR YON PALM.
LAURA JOYCE BELL AND CO.
LA FA AULA.
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME, i
THE ELDRIDGES.
DON'T MISS DAVE MEIER.
He punches the bag in rag time.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Spats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR™
AN ARTISTIC AND FINANCIAL HIT.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY
In a Gorgeous Presentation of
ROMEO
AND
JULIET.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR PRICES. . . ...15c, 25c, 35c, 59c
Next Week— "THE LADY OF LYONS."
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
There's No Such Word as Fail !
AND STILL ANOTHER HIT.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
HER EXCELLENT COMPANY.
PRESENTED BY T. DANIEL FRAWLEY,
In Bronson Howard's Great Comedy
ONE OFTUR GIRLS.
ONE OF OUR GIRLS.
REMEMBER THE SPECIAL MATINEE
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
...TAKE NOTICE...
-____-_— -—-————
In Consideration For the Thousands Who Were
Unable to Get Seats to See
--;vi;vie.. SAINS GENE"
This Magnificent Play Will Be Given
COMMENCING WITH
FRIDAY NIGHT,
AND CONTINUING UNTIL
Sunday Night, Including Saturday Mat.
MONDAY EVENING, AUGUST 7.
First Production on Any Stage of Clinton
Stuart's Fantastic Comedy.
-'THE FAIRY GODMOTHER."
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
TO-NIGHT AND WEDNESDAY EVENINGS.
SPECIAL MATINEE WED-,
POSITIVELY LAST - TIMES.
HEARTSEASE,
BEGINNING THURSDAY,
3 NIGHTS and SATURDAY MATINEE ONLY
CHARLES FROHMAN'S II Ift 1 1 pf
SECOND ! GREAT N H A IVI LM I
SHAKESPEAREAN ll M IVI L L I I
REVIVAL. ■■■■■•■«■■ ■ ■
HENRY MILLER AS HAMLET.
Miss Anglin as Ophelia; Mr. Stevens as the
King; Mr. Standing as Laertes; Mr. Walcot as
the Ghost: Mrs. Bouclcault as the Queen; Miss
Dale as player queen; Mr. Allen as Polonious;
Mr. Lamb as first grave digger, etc.. etc.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next Monday— "BROTHER OFFICERS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ENORMOUS SUCCESS OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
EVERY SEAT SOLD LAST NIGHT!
TO-NIGHT,
Superb Rendition of Donizetti's Great Opera,
... L» C > I /**\ ...
"Lucia" Repeated on Thursday and Sunday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
... /~V I l__J_r~\ ...
"AIDA" Repeated on Friday and Saturday
Evenings.
A GREAT CAST OF MOT'S LYRIC
ARTISTS IN EACH OPERA.
Brilliant Costumes and Scenery.
Enlarged Orchestra and Chorus.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S an.i SO CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
___E_____ u**=*^^____\W*m^^T^flfts?^t^
| __ W___^^__\tf * t| W_.r_r EJMtt£j -*¥ff
™ >SE PT; 4- ™ T° 16 T — y>
Choicest fRUITS.WINES.YEGE-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
OF (feLIFORN_A<r __^m^
A GS&Kt .STOCK SWWJ>
ffb*ycs Dltertair\p\eT\tr
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED /REE
Excursion Pates To Visitors.
tyuTß FOR TICUIAR $.
fern SHIELDS **^K2£!S
vSecRE.TAR.YV fKESIDEHT
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Rattle «i iM«M«'» ■■■
UCHw**' Those who were there
_ say the Panorama is a
_r_V. correct representation.
11l Lectures by Prof W.
*-*- G. ROLLINS after-
H/l _«>. --. 3 1 __-_. coons and evenings. -.
/Vl f_ 8! S Market st., nr. Eighth. *
•*»■»«"•«*'* Admission. 50c
»~k • Children. 25c.
Bay! ■BS2H_mHB__BEQ_S_ESSKOi
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
78
C O MMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oat a, Corn and Rye Inactive.
Hay In excessive receipt.
Bran advanced. Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged,
P-reultry quiet.
River fruit discharged late.
Lemons in oversupply.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Hams continue stiff.
Hogs continue scarce.
July bank clearings gain largely.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearinps in July were $82,594,431.
against J59.250.858 in July, IS9B. The clearings
thus far this year amount to 1525.800.737. against
■$456,703,4;:. for' the same time last year.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES.
Sales on call at the Produce Exchange in
July were 101,200 tons wheat and 45,100 tons
WEATHER REPORT.
Bc_2e."t_i Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 81, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were |
_„ irted from stations ■-, California to-day: ,
Eureka 58 Independence 92
Red Huff 94 Los Angeles _o .
Sacramento 88 San Diego <•*
Fresno 9S ; STUtna 1"- ;
• :
San Francisco data Maximum temperature, I
62; minimum. 52; men:*.. 57
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The weather is cloudy along the o^ast from
Cape Mendocino northward and over Arizona.
A thunderstorm has occurred over Southern
Idaho. .  ''*
The pressure has generally fallen over the
Pacific slope ar.d risen over the Kooky M'_ti_n- ,
tain Region. ,  j
The temperature has risen slightly over Cali
fornia and Western Oregon and fallen else- j
where west or' the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are becoming somewhat unsettled )
in the Sierras ar.d Arizona. . Thunderstorms
£1 -. likely In the latter region
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 1. 1S9?:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except j
cloudy along the coast Tuesday morning; fresh .
nprthwest wind. I
Southern California-Fair Tuesday, except ,
cloudy alone the coast Tuesday morning, and ,
cloudy and somewhat threatening In the moun- j
tains; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday; warmer in .
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday; probably thun
derstorms In the mountains.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday, -'"' thunder-
San Francisco and vicinity- Fair Tuesday;
fresh west wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official. j
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 31.- -There were' a num
ber of depressing Influences brought to bear
on the stock market to-day' and prices opened
lower, but later there was a rally and the ;
close was strong. Conspicuous of the depress- |
ing Influences was the reported outbreak of j
yellow fever at the Hampton (Va). Soldiers* .
Home. The group of railroads liable to suffer
from yellow- fever epidemic and the resulting •
quarantines have been favorites in the recent j
speeulatie.n. especially on the part of London, ]
A setback to them, therefore, was calculated I
to have a far reaching Influence in the gen- j
eral list. Louisville and Nasi:-, llle did. in fact, j
open down 1%. and the Norfolk and Western
Stocks, Senuthern Railway and Chesapeake and
Ohio Railway were also depressed and ruled
below Saturday's level all day, only fully re- j
covering in the late dealings. The exhibit .if
the Associated inks in the Saturday state
ment also nad some l'avorabie influence in the
early dealings. A decrease of nearly 12,000 tons
In the eastbounl shipments of freight from
Chicago, as compared with last week, had a •
rather halting effect on railroads. The effect
of thesa combined influences was to turn the
tide ejf speculation at first fre-.ni the railroads
into the industrials. The stocks of iron an.i \
steel companies were quite largely bought, but
the earliest strength was confined to a few- I
cf them. Federal Steel, Tennessee Coal Steel
and Wire and American Smelting being th" |
exceptl->r,s to the early strength. Later the j
entire -roup was affected, gains ranging from |
1 to 3%, the latter oressed Steel Car. Ameri- ,
can Tin Plate. American Hoop, American Car
and Foundry and American Smelting all •
shared in the movement. The Tobacco stocks
were strong and People's Gas moved upward
on the declaration of the quarterly dividend. I
There was early depression in Sugar on a re
port of additional competition in prospect, and
when this stock rallied strong— 2% from the
low point— the last evidence of weakness was
dissipated. The strength and activity of ail
road stocks was much augmented in the late
dealings, very* heavy blocks being absorbed.
There was continued buying of Southern Pa
cific and Central Pacific, which gained about
2 points each. Northern Pacific, Union Pa
cific, Atchison preferred and St. Louis and
San Francisco first preferred rose from I to 3
points. The coalers were quite strong through
out and Lackawanna was conspicuous for an
upward movement of 6% points. Pittsburg. C,
c and St. Louis rose 3 points. Sterling ex
charge was notably weak, actual rates drop
ping % and posted rates %. There was an ;
abundance of commercial bills in the market
for future delivery against exports and 'he
bankers sold short bills against these. This :
jinel the continued bieidlng for commercial pa- I
j.er on behalf of outside capital tended to re
lieve anxiety on the money question. There .
war consi.lerable selling of the bonds of South
western railroads, which lost something in
p:ice. Otherwise hon-i prices were unchanged ;
or higher. Total sales, par value, $2,374 |
United States 2s and 3s coupon advanced %
in the bid rice.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing i
Sold. Stocks— Bid. I
3.695 Atchison -'>'» \
3'V774 Atchison prefd 63 » :
425 Baltimore & Ohio 49% ,
Canadian Pacific. 98 |
........ Canada Southern ■ 53% ,
S.S7'". Central Pacific 54
4.250 Chesapeake A- Ohio -*-'s ;
?..'•" Chicago Great -stern 14%
11,481 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 12"! :
200 Chicago, Ind & I_.-.u:sville ... lo
Chicago, Ind A- Louisville prefd . . . 41
275 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 76 !
! 1,180 Chicago Ar Northwestern 162% j
17.275 Chicago, Rock Inland & Pacific 120%
4,650 <* c t * ,v St Louis 58%
..;.... Colorado Southern 5% I
826 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4' i I
_.'.;:.. Colorado Southern 2d prefd.. 17 i
3.8 C.> Delaware A- Hudson 121 j
7,486 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western 17?%
200 Denver & Rio Grande 22 I
912 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76%
100 Erie 13%
610 Erie Ist prefd 37%
Great Northern prefd 168
2W Hocking O.al 14% j
2,830 Hocking Valley -'% :
1,620 Illinois CentraJ 118 !
W0 lowa Central 12% .
»..:.'.. lowa Central prefd 53% ',
650 Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 7 ;
....... Lake Erie X: Western 21
600 Lake Erie Ac Western prefd 80
....... Lake Shore 201%
13.eta Louisville & Nashville 75*
3.225 Manhattan L 118%
2.175 Metropolitan Street Railway 212%
1,460 Mexican Central 15%
SOO Minneapolis & St Louis 57% :
300 Minneapolis & St I_oule prefd.. » — 91%
16,900 Missouri Pacific 49%
■825 Mobile & Ohio ' 46%
Missouri. Kansas A- Texas 12
] . -.-• Missouri: Kansas & Texas prof.!.. . 36%
3,420 New Jersey Centra! IIS 1 *
2.633 New- York Central 140
2,800 Norfolk & Western 21
S.pf' Norfolk & Western prefd 71-% :
18!35D Northern Pacific...". 53
3 669 Northern Pacific prefd • 78% ■
6,666 Ontario & Western 26%
Oregon Ry A- Navigation.'. .1
lf-0 Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 75
6.' iSo Pennsylvania 137
1,500 Reading '• 21%
9.'.2.". Reading Ist prefd 61%
1,000 Reading 2d prefd 34
Rio Grande Western 30 j
] Rio Grande Western prefd 78
1054 St Louis & '"i Fran 11%
329 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 72%
5...,, <Jt Louis Az San Fran 2d prefd 39
1 O^O St I_-.uis Southwestern 16',;
5 225 St Louis Southwestern prefd ?.8% !
Vl'.lh St Paul 13" j
St Paul prefd 174%
St Paul & Omaha 108
42.540 Southern Pacific. 15%
2 680 Southern Railway 11%
9 010 Southern Railway prefd 53
1.060 Texas & Pacific 22%
11.260 Union Pacific 44%
4 097 Union Pacific prefd 78%
500 Wabash S
2,230 Wabash preTd 23%.
610 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9%
186 Wheeling & I-ftke Erie 1.1 efd 24%
1 2'W Wisconsin- Central 16%
Express Companies—
Adams 113
'..'.'.... American • • 138
140 United States 50.
"Wells Fargo 126
Miscellaneous—
1 300 American Cotton Oil 41%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
American Maltlnc 17%
200 American Malting prefd 67
2.400 American Smelting & R 39%
1,495 American Smelting & R prefd 56%
100 American Spirits 6
American Spirits prefd....: 30%
6 050 American Steel Hoop 34
2 225 American Steel Hoop prefd 78%
15.775 American Steel & Wire 59% |
725 American Steel & Wire prefd 97
10,050 American Tin Plate 41%
460 American Tin Plate retd 88
60.504 American Tobacco 107
American. Tobacco prefd 140
J,1_.0 Anaconda Mining Co 56 ,
::'::.-•; ' _
12.15*. Brooklyn Rapid Transit 116%
4.17.1 Colorado Fuel & Iron 47
15,910 Continental Tobacco 44%
4,080 continental Tobacco prefd 87%
IS.SSf. Federal Steel 59% |
5,497 Federal Steel prefd SI 1 -* j
685 General Electric 123
200 Glucose Sugar 69 |
Glucose Sugar prefd 105 " .
680 International Paper 42'- I
1.47," International Paper prefd 79 |
1,615 Laclede Gas 57 i
400 National Biscuit 47%
....... National Biscuit prefd 97% j
200 National Lead 80%
175 National Lead prefd 112
4,715 National i-teei 54%
2.115 National Steel prefd 94
New Tork Air Brake 198
11,400 North American 12
' ."...•... Pacific Coast 37
....... Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 55 j
2.400 Pacific Mall 48% •
13,200 People's Gas 120%
14,795 Pressed Steel Car 58
690 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88%
: : Pullman Palace Car 159% i
100 Standard Rope & Twine 7% |
4.465 Sugar 161%
100 Sugar prefii 118%
10.889 Tennessee Coal & Iron 71 '„
700 Vniteel States Leather 6% i
4.77.*. United States Leather prefd 73%
250 United States Rubber 50%
100 I'nited States Rubber prefd 115% ■
1.670 Western Union 90%
522. 960 shares snld.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 11l M K& T 2ds 69% J
Do 3s reg 10Sy Do 4* 93%
Do 3s coup 109 S' V Cent lsts 114 |
Do new 4s reg... ,12:' V J Cent gen .121 i
Do new 4s coup. .130 Mo Carolina fis 127%
Do old 4s reg 112',; Do 4s 104 ,
In old 4s coup.. .US l.\'o Pacific lsts 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s 67%
Do 5s coup 112% Do 4s 103%
Dlst of C 3.65s 119 N T C ft. St L 45.. .107%
Alabama class A. .110 Nor" ft W con 45... 94% I
Do class. B 110 . Do gen 6s 135 ;
Do class C 104 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112 !
. Do Currency 100 | Do 4s 101%
Atchison gen 4s 101% Oregon S L 6s 132
j Do adj 4? So%! Do con 5a 112%
I Canada So 2eis< 111% Reading gen 4s — 88% ;
c Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% Rio G West lsts... 98% :
Do Ss 119 St L& I M con 55.114 ;
1 Chi ft N W con 7s. 145 St L& S F gen 65. 124% I
I Do S F deb 55...122 Vi St Paul con 170 I
! Chicago Term 45... 99% St P C & P 15t5.... 121%
Den A: Rio G 15t5..1'.6 Do 5s 121%
I Do Is 100 So Railway 6s 109% :
;E T V ft C, 15t5.. .103 Stand R ft T «5... 85 I
■ Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... ; .'7',
IFWft DC lsts... 77 Tex & Pac lsts 115
; Cen Electric 5= 119 Do 2ds 55 I
, G H ft 3 A 6s 110% Union Pacific 45... 105%
I Do 2ds 11l Colo Southern 45.. 4*%
I II & T C 5s 110% Wabash lsts 117
Do con fis 112 Do 2ds 102% |
lowa Cent lsts 116 West Shore 4s 114%
X C :* & G lsts... 61% Wis cent lsts 76%
I_a new con 4s 106 Va Centuries £•>'*
L& N unified 45... 99% Do Deferred 5
MINING STOCKS.
'Chollar 23 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 22 <'; hi: 105
Con <"'al ft V 2 00 Plymouth l" 1
■ Dead wood 65 Quicksilver - 10 j
Gould r& Curry . 4 < Do prefd - o'> I
Hale & Norcross.. 32 Sierra Nevada 7.7
Homestake 65 0. Standard 2 55
Iron Silver 51 Union Con 3't j
Mexican 50 Yellow Jae-ket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 6 i
i Call loans 3%fi4 West End 94
I fimp loans 5%®4% Do prefd 113
Stocks— Westing-louse El 50%
! Atch Top ft St Fe. 20% Wisconsin Cent ... 15
Do prefd 63% Bonds—
I American Sugar. ..I'd 1 ! Atchison 4s 100%
Do prefd 118% Mining Shares
j Bell Telephone 350 Adventure 9%
I Boston ft Albany .".26s Allouez Mln C 0.... 7%
I Boston Elevated .-.'.109 Atlantic . . . 30
I Boston ft Maine. ..204 Boston ft Mont — 354
I Chi Bur ft Q 138%|Butte & 805t0n.... 7»
jEd Elec 111 205 Calumet ft Hecla
! Fltchburg prefd lis Centennial 3;% I
i Gen Electric 124 'Franklin V)bz
Do refd 141 jHumboldt 2 ,
; Federal Steel 60 Osceola S9
Do prefd 81% Parrott 72 ,
'■■ Mexican Central... 15 Quincy 162
1 Michigan Tel ■• Santa Fe Copper... 13%
j Old Colony 205 Tamarack 222
Old Dominion 37% Winona 13
Rubber 50 Wolverine 46% .
j Union Pacific 44"- Utah 44% |
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 31.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were quiet to-day owing to the
holldav season. The tone was steady. Ameri
cans boomed in the morning, Louisville reach
ing 6R%0. Renter's telegram announcing yel
low fever In Virginia caused a sharp drop
In the house, speculators selling Louisville,
which touched 66%. The close, however, was
well above the worst. New York buying on
the fall, lt looked like a real boom In the
morning. The general opinion here is that
the movement has stopped until the autumn.
CLOSING.
LONDON. July 31.— Canadian Pacific, 100%:
Northern Pacific preferred. 80%; Union Pacific
preferred. 80%; Atchison. 21%-
Bar silver, uncertain. 27% d per ounce.
Money, 2% per cent.
THE MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 31.— Money on call steady. j
3U^4i 3 per cent; last loan, 3% per cent. Prime j
mercantile paper, 3%04% per cent. Sterling j
exchange, weak, with actual business In
bankers' 'bills at Jl 86%-54 86% demand and at :
$483%@453% for sixty days. Posted rates.
*4 84®4 85 and {4 87%'"~4 88. Commercial bills.
$4 82%04 .83. Silver certificates. 60%'ft61c. Bar
silver Co%c. Mexican dollars. ISc. Govern
ment ' bonds, stronger. State bonds, inactive.
Railroad oonds. irregular.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 31.— FLOUR-Receipts,
24.780 barrels; exports. 4270 barrels. Weak and
lower, with little demand for spring patents.
Winter patents, $3 6003 7.*.; winter straights. $3 30
i?i3 45; Minnesota patents. (3 705 3 85; Minne
sota bakers, $2 9003 10; winter extras. $2 40
(ft 2 80.
WHEAT— Receipts. 206.274 bushels; exports,
131,333 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 76% ct.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 northern, Duluth, 77"4, cf.
■ .-. I. afloat; No. 1 hard. Duluth, 80% cf. o. b'.
afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 74% c elevator. Op
tions onened weak at lc decline, influenced by
lower cables favorable to crop news at home
and abroad and liquidation. All day the mar
ket ruled heavy on a small room trade. Later
selling motive? were light on export transac
tions yellow fever news and disappointing clear
ances. Shippers said high freight rates pre
vented business. Closed weak at l%c net de
cline. July, 74%@75%c, closed 74%e; Septem
ber. 74%t.75 B-16c, closed 74% c; December, _.@,
j 77 7-16.-. closed 7" '..
H< IPS— Steady.
HIDES Steady.
WOOL Ste ,
I METALS— Attention tn the local markets.
Western markets and abroad to-day was cen
tered In tin which advanced in remarkable
form notwithstanding the unprecedented rises
o* the j.ast few weeks. Excitement was re
i ported at all points and business was exten
sive Strong cable*, bullish reports from pri
mary markets and very' heavy demands were
' responsible for the additional improvement.
I The. other departments were about unchanged.
I At the close, the Metal Exchange called:
1 PIG IRON Warrants No. 2, unchanged, with
i $15 23 bid and $15 75 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 00.
j TIN— Unsettled, with $33 bid and $33 50
I 8 LEAD— but firm, at $4 55 bid and $4 57%
' asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and
for copper $18 50.
SPELTER Quiet at 6c -
COFFEE Option* closed steady, unchanged
Ito 1 point lower. Sales, 22,500 bags. Including
September. $440: October. 14 45;. November.
$4 50 Spot coffee, Rio, dull and easy; mild,
! dull, no market. -.'■■--:•_ '.)?_
SUGAR— Raw, firm, held higher, good de
mand* fair refining, 3 15- 16c; centrifugal. 96
test. !%c; molasses sugar, 3 13-16 c; refined.
firm but quiet.
UUTTER -Receipts. 11,915 packages, Steady.
; Western creamery. 15®18c; fresh factory. 110
14c: factory. 14eg14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,300 packages. Quiet.
Western, Wqlhc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 31.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6%'f7%c:
1 prime wire tray. 8%05%c; choice, B%"£(3c;
fancy. 9%©94 c.
PRUNES— 3%OSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Miorpark, 14£"15 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeeled. 11*5 11% c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 31.— With almost everything
favoring lower prices at the opening, wheat
; started with a decline of a full cent for Sep
tember, that option opening at 69%(570c. In
! the course of the first half hour's trading a
further slight decline took place. September
touching 69%<g69%c. Liverpool showed a de
! cline of l%d, while Continental markets
showed weakness. Foreign advices all told of
favorable crop conditions throughout Europe.
Domestic conditions were also favorable.
World's shipments were put at 7,350,000 bush
els, compared with 3,880,000 bushels a year ago,
nnd the Northwest receipts continued liberal.
When the risible figures were announced, show
ing an unexpectedly small Increase of 6000
bushels, the ma:*, became noticeably
i stronger, a recovery to 70%e taking place In
September. The rally did not hold long.. Dur
ing the afternoon the market became very weak
I again on remarkably small amount of trad
i ing. Longs who had withstood the pressure
I during the morning weakened when the price
i again got below 70c. and offerings from that
source caused a gradual decline to 69% c. The
■ close was weak at 69%®69%c for September.
Corn in the main followed wheat and acted
'•weak all day, closing at the bottom. Septem-
I ber lost %c.
Interest In oats centered in the July deal
and heavy selling by elevator Interests and
country receivers caused a decline in the op
tion alleged to have been cornered. the close
showing a loss of .'>•_<*-. September was weak
In sympathy, closing %c lower. ..:■:
A yellow fever panic raged la the provision
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
pit and the market was In a badly demoralized
condition all day. All classes of holders sold I
at the best prices they could get and as the j
demand was light at all times, prices melted j
away with remarkable rapidity. The market |
opened weak and lower for. all commodities I
and under steady selling pressure ruled weak
to the close. Liquidation was mostly from
the outside, commission houses leading In the j
I selling. The close of September pork was 57%e :
: lower, lard 17%£20 c lower and ribs lost 25®
27% c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
innita — (./pen. nign.
Wheat No. 2—
July 69% 69%
September 70 70*4
December 71% 72V&
: May -,l~t 75
Corn No. 2 —
July 85 81%
September :. 31 " si's
December 29>i 2H»*
' May 80«4 32»«
I Oat* No. 2—
July 2o 25
I September 19 li»4
December I!>',4 IPS
i May 214* 21' 3
Mess Pork, per bbl—
; September S 41 8 52*4
October 8 50 8 60
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 5 82*4 6 32>*
October 5 3.> 5 374
I Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 00 5 05
j October 5 02^ 5 07V4
. uuw.
68%
68%
71%
74%
30%
30*4
2y
30H
20V4
10
19%
21H
8 25
8 30
6 22H
6 27Vi
i 90
4 92V4
65%
69H
71%
74H
31
. 8w;
29'^
3014
20' i
18%
19 '«
21%
8 25
8 SO
5 22>4
5 27^ j
i
4 M
4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, I
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 66(8'67%c; No. 2 red. |
71% c; No. 2 corn. 31(g'31%c; No. 2 oats, 19% <%■ I
22c; No. 2 white, 23%<3j2t'%c: No. 8 white, 21%@ j
I 24>*e; No. 2 rye. 51%©52% c: No. 2 barley, 32® |
, 34' 4 c; No. 1 flaxseed. 97c; prime timothy seed, |
82 45: mess pork, per bbl, *7 65<g8 20; lard, per .
I 100 lbs. $5 10©6 25; short ribs sides (loose), {4 SO !
: @5 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), Jo 3?H'g j
i 5 50; short clear sides (boxed). 15 2".'<?6 35.
Flour, barrels JS.OOO
Wheat, bushels 63.000
Corn, bushels 453.000
Oats, bushels 683,000
Rye. bushels ".ino
Barley, bushel? 14,000
16.000
13fi.nnn
704, 000
233.000
17,000
2.000 ;
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
I market. was firm: creameries. 13%@17c; dairies, ,
12@16%c. Cheese, steady; B%@9c. Eggs. firm; ;
j fresh, ll%c. I
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. \
Wheat— .Sept. Dec. :
Opening 5 9% 5 10% j ,
| Closing 5 8% 5 10 ,
PARIS FUTURES. I I
Wheat— Sept-Dec. j '
Opening 20 30 1
j Closing 20 15!
Flour— , r S o
I Opening 27 80
; Closing 27 65 ; I
. <
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
• CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July There was a fairly ac
tive demand for cattle to-day, and as the
supply was not large prices were not steady.
Good to fancy cattle, $5 30(25 95; commoner :
grades. $4 40@5 20: stockers and feeders, $3@ : i
4 80; bulls, ferns and heifers. $2^5 10; Texas j
I steers, $3 50@5 30: calves, $3 50^ 75.
The early market for hogs was strong, but •
I Lee-rune dull later on yellow fever news. Heavy ,
! hogs, 13 90©4 62%; mixed lots. $4 20®4 65; light. ;
54 37v'ff4 70; pigs. $3 7." '; 4 05; culls. $2"54.
Sheep were steady and In good demand: ;
: lamhs active, strong. Sheep, J2 50©3 50 tor
culls up to J**?.". 25 for fancy wethers; lambs,
I $4e§4 50 for culls up to $6 *;>* 90 for prime. ' ,
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
17,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 31.— Consols, 106 13-16; silver.
27% d: French rentes, 10Of 57% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing;- cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady: English country markets,
dull; import into United Kingdom, wheat, 302,
--000 quarters: import Into United Kingdom,
i flour 229.0™ barrels: wheat and flour on pass- j
age to United Kingdom, 2.700.000; wheat and I
flour in passage to Continent. 1.390.000.
LIVERPOOL July 3L— Wheat, dull; wheat ;
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, weak; '
COTTON— 3%d.
CLOSING. !
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2, red Western winter,
dull Ba 3d; No. 1. Northern Spring, dull, 5s lid.
Futures, dull; September. 5a S%d; December.
Ss lid.
CORN— Spot— American Mixed, new, quiet.
.■.« 4.1- do., old. quiet. 3a 4* 4 d. Futures, steady;
September. 3s 4%d; October, 4s 3%d; November,
nominal.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. July 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's California fruit sales:
Peaches— Early Crawford. 67c; Foster. 88c;
Susquehanna. 76c. Pears— Bartletts, II 4501 70,
average $1 61. -Purple IXiane. $1 20:
Yellow Egg. averaee Jl 30. Prunes— av
erage, $1 30; Tragedy, Jl 15@1 30, average Jl 25.
Thirteen cars sold.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
', NEW YORK. July 31.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat
on Saturday. July 29. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows: Wheat.
36 m-""**. bushels. Increase 146.000 bushels; corn,
11*464.000 bushels, decrease 1.724,000; oats. 3.
--7-14 riffl bushels decrease 903.000: rye. 587,00*
bushels, decrease 24.000; barley. 532.000 bushels,
decrease 297.000. _■
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 31.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $280,440,416; gold re
serve, ?245,118,665.
HOLIDAYS IN ENGLAND.
LIVERPOOL, July 31.— The Grain Exchange
will be closed Saturday and Monday. August
5 and 7, and the Provision Exchange Monday,
August 7.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN. 111.. July 31.— Eighty tubs offered, but
none sold. Market steady, 17% c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July Clearings, $260,
--583; balances, 163.080.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 31.— There was noth
ing that looked like strength In any direction
and the Portland wheat market was reflect
ing the bearish sentiment of other markets, but
iin « less degree, for while the' East was off
from lc to IV. a decline of but %c was noted
| here. Walla Walla was quoted at ".'.%.• and
valley at 57% c. with no demand for blue stem.
The totals shipments of wheat from Port
-1 land for July (flour included) were 531.800 bush
els, compared with 1,210,804 in the corresponding
. month last year. *
The total shipments for July from Portland.
! Tacoma and Seattle were 693.273 bushels, com
pared with 1,706.585 bushels In July. 1898.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., July -Wheat, club, 55c;
i blue stem. 5Sc. _..■ ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 54%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 "-7%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
! New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Mexican Dollars 43% 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
.WHEAT — Chicago was easier. owing to
world's shipments of 7,300.000 bushels, and an
Increase of 800.000 bushels on passage. The
j foreign situation looks weak, the weather be
j ing fine abroad. The Northwestern crop out
j look Is not favorable, but the Northwest sold
freely. There were more buyers than sellers,
but the demand was chiefly to fill shorts.
The local market, was dull.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1050107%; milling,
$1 089401 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December—
6000 ctls. $1 12; 26.000, $1 11%.
Second session December S™lo ctls, $112;
I 6000. Jl 11%. May-2000, V. 15%. .
Regular morning « se.sion— December— l6,ooo
ctls, $1 11%. May-2000, Jl 15; 4000, Jl 15%.
! The board adjourned at noon ln respect to the
I memory of the late Jacob Martensteln.
BARLEY— The Marlborouzn Hill takes for
'■ Cork 80,298 ctls, valued at $88,328.
' The market Is quiet and weak, with a decline
: on call.
peed, 87%0?2%c; Brewing. S7%c/gjl 02%; Che
i valier, $1 12%01 15 per ctl..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
: 6000 ctls, 86%e-; 4000, 86% c; 8000, 86% c.
Second session— December-- 2000 ctls, 86% c.
Regular morning session— December —2ooo ctls.
86% c; 8000, 86% c; 4000, S6c; 8000, S6%c. Seller,
-;.. new— SoOO, 84% c; 2000, 84% c
No afternoon session.
OATS— Are dull and unchanged. There Is no
demand at the moment. New white, $1 25-31 40,
and new red, $1 07%(51 15 per ctl.
CORN—
I Small round Yellow, $1 30-J1 35: Eastern large
1 Yellow. $1 1001 15; White. Jl 1001 15; mixed,
■ $1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 17%@1 22%.
RYE- 9*ie@92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR California family extras, $3 6003 75,
: usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 4003 55; Oregon
i and Washington. $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
I $3 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
! lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham :
I Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
I Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50;
! extra cream Cornmeal. $3 25: 0»" «* l ', ' 6 J ®
4 75: Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 20@3 50. j
; Buckwheat Flour. $4® 4 25; Cracked Wheat :
i $3 75; Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; In sacks. .
I $6 3506 75: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50;
Green Peas, $5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Over 1100 tons of Hay came In and the mar-
Vet continued depressed at the old questions.
Bran is 50c higher. Middlings are unchanged, j
BRAN— J16Q17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 60019 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $20 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27*728; jobbing. :
$28 50029; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; S o ™™*}- •
123 50024 60; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed. ■
$15016; Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton. _
HAY— Wheat, $7®B 50 for good and $9 for ,
choice: Wheat and Oat. $6 5003: ° at ; *° .^US,* I
Barley. $507;' Island Barley. $506: Alfalfa. $a 0 .
. I oO per ton; Compressed Wheat. $9@lo.
STRAW— 20®40c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
.. Beans continue quiet, but firmly held. Seeds
are unchanged.
BEANS-Bayos. $1 9002: Small White, $2 050
2 15; Large White, $1650180: Pinks. $2 3002 40:
Reds, nominal: Blackeye. $4 1004 15; Butters,
, nominal: Llmas. $4 1004 15; Pea. $2 1002 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl. — „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
1 Mustard. 2%Q3c; Flax, nominal; Canary /s f'"*.' i '
■ 2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 8%09%c: Rape, 30J%c, .
Hemp. C%@4%c; Timothy. 4%©5% c. 1
DRIED PEAS— $1 2501 50; Green. $1 0* )
j 02 per ctl.
j POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES. '
I Onions were firm at the advanced quotations. j
! Potatoes were unchanged.
Vegetables of all descriptions were plentiful :
and prices showed little change. Sweet Pota
[ toes brought 3c per lb. _ ,
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. $101 15: Early
1 Rose. 76c©$] 10; Burbanks, BOcosl 10 per ctl In ,
; sacks an.i $Psi 25 ln boxes.
"ONlONS— 9oc«jsl per ctl for Sllverskins;
| Pickle Onions, 7*.c'i?sl per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75c©H 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75-32 25 for fancy; Green
Peas. 2(g2'- 2 c per lb: String Beans. 1%02%c;
Lima Beans. 4e&6c; Cabbage. 60060 c; Tomatoes,
"-'• .'"■ ■■- per small box; Rivers. 3..©60e; Stockton,
5p075c; Egg Plant. 50075 c; Green Okra, 500 per
box; Garlic. 2@3c: Green Peppers, 25-WSOc for
Chile and 50075 c per box for Bell; Carrots, 300
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 16925 c: Pickles.
75cg$l for No. 1 and 40050 c for No- 2: Summer :
Squash. 15025 c: Marrowfat Squash. $16020 per 1
I ton: Green Corn. 25075 c per sack for Vacaville. 1
I $101 25 per crate for Alameda and 75c for i
! Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12% c for Turkeys. $3
03 SO for Ducks, $5 6006 for Hens and $5 for j
old Roosters. Another car is expected to-day. i
Local stock was nominal, as usual on Mon
-1 day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 11012% c for Gob
blers and 11-gi2"-o for Hens; Young Turkeys. I
16®lSc; Geese, per pair. $101 25; Goslings, $1 25
©1 50; Ducks, till* for old and $3 5005 for
young: Hens. $4 5005 50: young Roosters, $50
6; old Roosters, $404 50; Fryers, $404 50;
Broilers. $3*54 for large, $2 5003 for small:
Pigeons, $1 5001 75 per dozen for old and $1 603
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The market for Butter, cheese and Eggs
stands the same as at the close of last week,
and Is without feature.
BUTTER—
Creamery*— Fancy creamery. 20021 c; sec
onds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17%®1Sc; good to choice. 160
17c; store, 140150 per tb.
CHEESE— mild new. 909% c; old. 80
B%c: Young America. 9%01Oc: Eastern, 13©15e.
EGGS— Quoted at ]6'f7l9c for store and 200
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%©20 c fot
selected, 16© 17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $15022 50 for frees and $30 for clings;
Apricots, $30040 per ton, according to size and
quality anu district; Bartlett Pears, In this
city. $25045 per ton: Green and Yellow Plums,
$150*20 per ton: Colored Plums, $10015.
A strike of the fruit handlers on the river
dock interrupted the unloading of the boats
until about noon, when the matter was ar
ranged. In consequence of this strike most of
the fruit was discharged too late for the mar
ket, and rrlces ruled low.
Crapes arc showing more assortment, and
supplies of Melons are larger. Berries con
tinue cheap. Peaches and Pears are in large ;
supply.
Lemons are in overstock and dull and there 1
will be an auction sale Friday.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 2."'5.55 c per box; Crabapples, 35'g50c
per small box. ....'-••
BERRIES- Blackberries. $304 60 per chest:
Strawberries. $5 per chest for small and $203
for large berries; Raspberries. $305 per chest;
Logan berries, per chest; Huckleberries. I
607 per lb. ■ '-■'% „■*' .• '~
Grapes. fiOc per box and 7.-.* per crate for 1
Fontainebleau, 7.".- per box and $1 25 per crate
for Rose of Peru and $1 75 per crate for fancy
Muscat. '■'
Watermelons, $5015 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $203 per crate; Nutmegs, 40c@
$1 2*. per box.
Currants. $4ffs 50 per chest.
Pears 25050 c per box. according to size;
Bartletts, 75c05l 25 per box. •
Nectarines, per box for white and 450.5 c :
for reel. ._.__«.;_ .
Figs. sOcosl 50 per box for double layers of
black and for white.
Apricots, 35075 c per box.
Peaches i ".-■_ ";•.. per box in. 15025 c per bas
ket Sawyer's Seedlings, 50c per basket.
Plums, 25050 c per box: Prunes, 40065 c per
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. $2©4;
lemons. 75c©$1 25 for common and $1 5002 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $404 '•'.'. Cali
fornia Dimes. per small box: Bananas.
$1 5002 7.0 per bunch; Pineapples. $102 50 per
dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
New York advices report a growing demand
for fruit at rising prices, but the trade there
ls all at .en owing to confusing quotations
received from this coast. There is no confu
sion here, as prices are sufficiently defined.
The fact is. the East have been expecting low
prices and are surprised at the figures which
th"*- have to pay to get fruit.
DRIED FRUITS tOld -Prunes. 6%c for
40-50' 5c for 50-60' s, 4c for 60-70's. 3%03"*;e for I
7.1 jo's 2%@3%c for 80-80*8, 2%&2% c lor 90-100' • I
and 202% c for 100-llO's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, ln
sacks, B%c for 40-60's. 5%- for 60-60's, 4%c per |
lb for 60-70's, 3\e- for 70-80's. 3Vio3%c for 80-90's
and 2HO3c for 90-lflO's; Apricots. 9011 c for Roy- j
als and ll'/i®l2%c for Moorparks; Peaches, 7^3 •
7%c: Evaporated Apples, 7%OSc; Sun-dried. 5% '
fitic per 11-; Nectarines, 6@7c per lb.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4% c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown. 4%'d6e ;or Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%©3 c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s®Sc for hardshell, 10011 c
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. 11012 c: Almonds,
new crop. 7%c for Languedoc and 9%c for
paper-shell: Peanuts. 6Q7c for Eastern and 4%
©5c for California: Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb. ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7%@7%c; \
light amber extracted, 6%07c: dark, Iftc |
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26O27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The strength in Hams continues, and full '
figures are exacted by sellers. Bacon and Lard
are also firm
CURED MEATS — Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 909% c for light medium, lie for light.
! 12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%t?14c; Califor
! nia Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $15015 50; j
extra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear. $16 50;
mess, $15015 50: Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
si LARD— quoted at 5%©5% c per lb for !
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure, !
7%c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE-Tlerces. 6%©7% C per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc. under the quotations. Heavy salted j
steers. lO01O%c; medium, 909% c; light, 9c; I
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, :
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf, 17c: i
' Sheepskins, shearlings, 20030 c each: short
' Wool. 25060 c each: medium. 70090 c: long Wool, '
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $202 25 for
large and $1 2501 50 for small: Colts, 25©50 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4eg4%0 per lb; No. j
I 2, 3®3%c: refined. ; grease. 202% c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and South- |
crn, 7 months, 8011 c; Foothill and Northern ,
j free, 11014 c; Foothill and Northern defective, :
9®llc; Nevada, 11014 c; San Joaquin Foothill '
free. 10012 c; do defective. S@9c; Humboldt and
Mendocino, 16%@18c; Valley Oregon, 17018 c;
Eastern Oregon, 12014 c for choice and 9@11%c !
for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 15©17% c per lh; 1899 crop.
12%®13c bid and refused.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is nothing new. Hogs continue In light
supply and firm at top quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7©Be per lb for Steers and 6%®7c for
I Cows.
VEAL— BOIOc per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c: Ewes, 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%®5%c for small. 6c for
medium and 5%eg5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs. 7©S%c. ? ; *-■-_
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Rars. 6c; Wool,
26028 c; San Quentln Bags, nominal.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $8:
! Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
j Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $9 in bulk 'and $10 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
I Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle j
j Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton ln bulk and $14 ln
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100- TO nags.
I Cubes. A Crushed and Fine • Crushed. *>%c.
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, s"4c;L>ry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Cali
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. ♦Jg-
Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels,
%c more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or us
equivalent. Dominos. half-barrels, o.fcc; boxes.
6%c per lb. ";'-.' : 7
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. July 31.
Flour, qr sks 3,M" Straw, tons 1*
Wheat, ctls 9.269 Pelts, bdls -J'»
Barley, ctls 6,050 Hides, no "6
Oats, ctls 4,075 Wool, bags -•>
Corn, .'tis. East. 3.000 Eggs, doz Vl'T^l
Rye. ctls 2,570 Wine, gals 38,000
Cheese, ctls in Hops, bales 4.>
Butter, ctls 171 Brandy, gals 7,800
Tallow, ctls 22.1 Leather, r0115.... .9
Beans, ska 4.800 Hides, no I 5 *
Potatoes, ' sks 1,281 Pelts, bdls „*>
Onions, sks 452 Lime, bbls "'- 1
Bran sks 83 Sugar, sks 4,10.i
Middlings, sks... 350 Sugar, bbls 1.910
Hay. tons 1,117 Quicksilver, flks. 334
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks B*2 Bran, sks »2
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6.172 Wool, bales 13S
Bran, sks 844'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quiet on the morning session,
and the only changes worthy of note were an
advance in Gas and Electric to $71, and a de
cline in Giant Powder to $73 87%.
In the afternoon the sugar stocks were weak.
Hana selling down to $16 50 and Hutchinson to
$31 50. Contra Costa Water declined to $76.
There was nothing new In mining stocks.
The telegram from the pump said: "At 6:30
a. m. the water was 15 feet below the 1950-foot
level station. The elevator has been working
continuously."
Dividends payable to-day are the Oceanic
Steamship, sac. Gas and Electric 42c, and Hana
Plantation 5.V per share.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 85c per share on the ">th.
The Giant Consolidated Powder Company
will pay a dividend of 50c per share on the
10th.
The Contra Costa Water Company will pay
a dividend of 40c per share on the 15th.
The shipments of ore by rail from the mines
of Eureka district, Nev., for the week ending
July 28 were as follows: Diamond mine, 106,
--880 funds: Eureka Consolidated. 146,700; Ham
burg, 34,460; Richmond, 36,750; Richmond Fur
nace diggings), 36,630; from Hamilton. Rocco
— Homestake, 151,790.
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia mine for the past week reads as
follows:
•'I4OO level— The west drift has been extend
ed twenty-three feet: total 745 feet. This drift
has been passing through porphyry alternating
with streaks of quartz, the latter giving as
says varying from $1 to $6 per ton. 1650 level —
We continue making necessary repairs on this I
level. 1750 level— Started a south drift from
i the end of the sill floor and extended It twenty;
I four feet, saving some of the fillings. On the
. fourth floor we have put in one set at the
north end 'if the stope and one set south, at
the south end. A raise has been started from
this floor and is up one set. It i- intended to
connect tins raise with the 1700 level drift. j
This connection will afford us a good circula
tion of air and enable the work in the stopes j
to be carried on to better advantage. Have
extracted 41 tons of ore of an average assay !
value of $16 41 In gold and 2" tons of ore assay
ing $7 per ton In gold. The ore extracted is
fillings from old workings. When we have
made the air connection more work can be
carried on In this .section, and also In the
new ground that has not been worked sine*; j
last report. At the junction of the north- |
west drift from the C. and C. shaft and the
west crosscut, an engine and fan have been |
set up. They have been placed near the winze
leading to the non level and will furnish air ]
for work on that level, the natural draft for
merly used not being su%cienl for present
requirements. I".'"" level- south drift on
this level has been cleaned out and retlmhered i
for a distance of 34 feet, making a total length !
of 146 feet the drift being full of rock— is now.
giving assays ranging from $7 to $15. 1950 level
-The station on this level has been recovered!
and work preparatory to putting it in good con
dition has begun.
In the Chollar and Potosi mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the week
30 feet: total length 353 feet: face In clay and
porphyry. Have had one man easing timbers ]
and cutting drain during the week. Have
saved from the drift six cars of ore assaying,
cold. $!> 19; silver, $28 >'-?■ per ton. The joint
Bulllon-Poti si west crosscut has been advanced j
7 feet: total length 279 feet; face in porphyry. i
Have been engaged part of the week in tim
bering and repairing the crosscut. Sutro tun- I
nel level— The Zadig drift has been advanced .
10 feet during the week; total length 980 feet;
face in i rphyry.
In the Sierra Neveda mine, on the 1400-foot
level, the south drift started from the main
west' drift opposite the north drift was ad
vanced 25 feet: total length 227 feet: face In j
quartz, clay and porphyry. East crosscut No. ;
3. from the north drift from a point 80 feet .
south from east crosscut No. 2. has been ad- [
vanced 19 feet; total length SO feet: face in
porphyry and -'lay with stringers of quartz j
through it. Nine hundred-foot level— The north >
drift from the west end of west cross No. -
has been advanced 9 feet: total length 121 feet
and Stopped; face In porphyry an.i clay. Have
been engaged part of the week in moving air
pipe an.l ear track Into the main north drift.
When this work ls completed will resume work
in the face of said drift.
The weekly report from the Ophir mine
reads as follows: No underground work has ',
been .lone the past week through the Ophir
shaft. Central tunnel The joint Mexican west j
crosscut was advanced 19 feet: total length 61
feet; face in porphyry with no sign of west ;
wall' Sutro tunnel connection— The Sutro tunnel
direct connection was extended Ifl feet 6 Inches;
total 276 feet; face In hard hanging wall rock.
During the past week a line of two-inch pipe
was connected with the new compressor of air
system of the c. and C. shaft and carried to
the face of the above-named drift and work
with machine drills started. All the material
for this work was taken from the Ophir works
and the Central tunnel. We will use machine
drills until we pass through this hard ground.
In tiie weekly report of June 30 reference was
made to a four-foot vein that had been cut by
the west drift, at a point 224 feet west of the
north lateral of the Sutro tunnel. A south drift
has been started OH this vein and extended 17
feet' the face "being in quartz, clay and soft
porphyry. The drift is run on the east side
of the vein, the vein formation being 18 feet
thick where ctit through by the Sutro tunnel
direct connecting drift. No ore of value has
been found in the south drift which was start
ed at a point 360 feet north of the C. and C.
line Work has been continued in the south
west drift and the drift extended 12 feet: total
length 81 feet The face Is in a two-foot
quartz vein with soft clay walls. The vein por
phyry next to the vein, is full of iron sul
phides. No ore of value has yet been found
In this drift.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 31—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El <",-,. ,4 15
is quar c0up. .113 — Oakland '.as.. 4.% — .
Is quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 72% —
4s quar new.. — — Pac I. < 0 4- —
3s quar coup..lOS% — SF(J & E-... 71 71%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 110% — ' Insurance—
XL & P 65... .130"* — Flrem's Fund. 222% —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ii«%n. | Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 jAnglo-Cal .... 66 67%
H C ft S 5%5.1i7% — Bank of Ca1... 2.0 2So
L A Ry ss!'.. .1064 — .-nl S D.v T.. — "8
LAL Co 65.. 99 - First Nat10n1.,227%238
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A... — —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65. ..126% — Nev Nat 8k... 182 —
Do Ist M 55116% — . Savings Hank*—
NT CN G R7s.HO - Ger S & L..1640 —
N Ry Cat 65..U3%114 Hum S '& L.105U 1160 I
N R'of Cal 58.114% — Mutual Say.. - 42% ,
N'P eH R 6s. - — S F Say U.. 500 — |
iNP CR R 55. 105% — ? & L 50..:. — 85 ]
N Cal R R 55. 11 l - Security SB— 300 ;
OGT. & H 55. 111 — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 65. 110 — ' Street Railroads—
dm CRy 65...126%130 California ....116 —
IP & Cl Rv 6s.lo4%lo7%'^eary M —
1&0 65." 115 - , Market-st 61% 62%
Powell-st 65.. .118 122% Dak SL & H. - -
I Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio — 16
I S F & N P 55. 113% — ' Powder—
1-: F& S .TV..5.11 .'■ .11.-C California .... — —
Sierra R Ca16a.1«8% - |E Dynamite. .. 85 -
!SP of A '65. ..112 113 Giant Con <O. 13% .4
i S P C 65.1305>.112 112% Vigorit 2% —
i** P C 6s(lW fi >. — 114%' Sugar
's P C 65(1912). — 122%jHana P C 0.... 16% 16%
'- 3 P C 18 eg ss. - 107% Haw C ft S C. 98% 98
S p Br -ds ..... - 125% Hutch B P Co. 31% -
ft V Wat 6s 116 — IKilauea S Co. — 30
S V Wat 45.... 104% — Makaweli SC. 47% 48%
SV W 45(3dm)101% — Onomea S Co. 38 .89
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — jPaauhau S P. .38 38%
Water Stocks- Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 76 76% Al Pac Assn.. 116% - |
Marin co 50 - Her l.d Vk5..250 -
Spring Valley. lo2 102% Met- Ex Assn. — 105
Gas and Electric- Oceanic S Co. - 90'
! Capital Gas...— — Pac A FA.... 1% —
•"antral O Co.. — - Pac C Bor C 0.134 135 j
Cent L & P.. - 7 Par Paint Co.. !>% -
Eqult G L Co. 3 3%
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 3 M I
50 Giant Powder Con <4 00 .
.*, Giant Powder Con 3 8,',. ,
50 Hana Plantation *'"■■■■■■ "00
50 Hana Plantation Co. s 90......... 16 87%
13000 Los Angclfs Ry 5 per cent bonds — 106 50
50 Market Street Railway, cash 62 im
.*. Market Street Railway 62 00
10 Oakland Gas 48 M
250 Paauhau S P Co 38 Bi%.
50 Paauhau S P Co « '■•
11 S F Gas & Electric Co .1 00-
SleW S V 6 per cent bonds 116 (VI
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 50
■v •,*._' Afternoon Session.
Board— : '.-'•- -"- , Vy.v-
-5 Alaska Packet** Association 117 50
10 Contra Costa Water 77 ft)
.30 Contra Costa Water '. 76 ">
10 Contra Costa Water 76 50
50 Contra Costa Water 76 2".
10 Contra Costa Water 76 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
100 Hana Plantation Co 1* 50
121 Hana Plantation C 0..'.: .....* 16 62%
150 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
BO Hutchinson S P Co. b 10 31 .0
60 Hutchinson S P Co 31 "-"is
90 Hutchinson S P Co 31 M
26 L P * A Bank 130 00
150 Makaweli :'.**',;l V
sßooo Market St R R con 5 per cent bds..H6 '-'••
$5000 N P <* rt R 5 per cent bonds l'»> 50
70 Paauhau S P Co 88 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 38 «2%
16 S V Water '"- -'•*>
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds 101 is
Street—
$1000 S P of A bonds 112 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND' EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
• Board—
30 Contra Costa "Water 7 " 00
20 Contra Costa Water 77 7".
35 Giant Powder Con 74 12%
20 Giant Powder Con — 74 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 31 *T 3
50 Paauhau S P Co 89 00
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 87%
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 00
25 Market Street Railway 62 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Giant Powder Con 74 0)
60 Onomea Sugar Co 39 25
30 Market Street Railway 62 00
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 2.1 100 Hale & Norcrs. 34
pi" Best & Belcher 65 100 Ophir 1 15
200 Challenge 38 800 Potosl 5°
100 Con Cal & V...2 151 100 Savage 23
' Afternoon Session.
260 Best & Belcher 61; 100 Mexican 57
.-.* . Best & Belcher 63, 100 Ophir 105
160 Caledonia 67- 100 Potosl 47
100 Gould & Curry. 42' 150 Yellow Jacket.. 34
100 Justice 081
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con 04] 100 Gould & Curry. 41
200 Alta OS 200 Justice 09
200' Belcher .... 27 250 Mexican 58
300 Chollar 24- 700 Ophir 1 10
60 Con Cal & V.2 17"i 100 Ophir 1 12%
100 Con ("al & V...2 15 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
400 Gould & Curry. 42
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 20 500 Overman ._ 11
1100 Best & Belcher 63 200 Potosl 49
400 Best & Belcher 64 200 Sierra Nevada. 80
500 Chollar 23 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
400 Con <al & V...2 OS 100 Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Crown Point... 27 200 Yellow Jacket.. 34
100 Hale & Norcrs. 34 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
P MONDAY, July 31—4 p. m.
Bid Ask 1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 00 1 Justice "7 09
Alta 07 os I Kentuck 03 05
Andes 20 21 Lady Wash — 01 02
'. Belcher 26 27 Mexican 56 67
: Best & Belcher 63 fit Occidental 22 24
! Bullion 08 09 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 67 68 Overman 10 12
(hollar 23 21 Potosl 47 48
Challenge Con. 26 28 Savage 23 24
Confidence 85 95 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & V...2 05 210 Seg Belcher.... — OS j
Con Imperial... 01 "2 Sierra Nevada. 60 62
Crown Point... 26 27 Silver Hill '.2 03 I
Eureka Con 50 —Syndicate 07 —
; Con New York. - 03 Standard 260 — j
I Exchequer — 04 St Louis 10 —
I Gould & Curry. 40 42 Union Con 36 37
Hale & Norcrs. 34 36 Utah 11 12
[ Julia 02 "1 Yellow Jacket.. 33 35
The Confederate States Seal.
Th/. original of the great seal of th-» |
Confederate States of America is now the j
property of Mrs. Pendleton of Shepherds
town. W. V.. vice president of the Daugh
ters of the Confederacy of West Virginia.
Colonel Alexander R. Boteler, father of
Mrs. Pendleton, was a member of the
United States Congress from Virginia be- j
fore the war. and was a leading and in
fluential member of the Congress of the
Confederate States. He was appointed
chairman of the committee to design a j
great seal for the Confederate govern
ment. Colonel Boteler was one day walk- !
ing toward the monument to Washington i
which stood in front of the capitol at i
Richmond, and thought that he had there
the central idea for the great seal. He
communicated his idea to the committee,
and a design was drafted and sent to
London to a then celebrated artist and
engraver named Wvatt. who reproduced
the design in silver. This was greatly
admired and promptly approved by the
Confederate Congress. From the original
design bronze or copper dies were made
for use, and the original was presented
by the Confederate Congress to colonel
Boteler in recognition of his services and
the appreciation of them by the authori
ties, of the Confederate government. At
Colonel Boteler's death the seal became
the property of his daughter, Mrs. Pen
dleton. The seal ls of solid silver, about
fhree and one-half inches in diameter and
is engraved in high relief.— Baltimore Sun.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty flve minute's later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 1.
rises 5:13
seta 7:18
n ri.=es 0:44 a. m.
D Time Time ITime Time;
(» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
y L W H W jL. W H\V
1 2:05 9:08 4.0 1:14 3.0 7:41 5.9
2 " 25S — 0.3 10:01 4.4 2:16 3.1 8:32 S.B
3 "' 3-42—0.5 10:42 4.5 3:10 3.0 9:20 5.S
4 ' 4 -21 —0.5 11:13 4.8 3:1-9 2.9 10:05 5.S
4:54—0.4 11:50 5.1 4:41 2.6 10:48 5.7
6 ■" 5 : 23 ■ ■" - 1 6:22 2.4 11:26| 5.5
7 ... 5:51; 0.0 1 1 - •!■
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eaily morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings" on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and th^n the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Chas. Nelson... |St. Michael 'Auk. I
City if Puebla.! Victoria & Puget SoundjAug. 1
Sunol |Orays Harbor |Aug. 1
Mackinaw Tacoma Aug. 1
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 1
Robt. Adamßcn.|Nanaimo Aug. 1
Baracouta |Acapulco Aug. 2
Arcata Coob Ray Aug. 2
North Fork IHumboldt Aug. 2
Empire ICoos Bay [Aug. 3
Weeoti IHumboldt Aug. 3
Coos Bay , Newport Aug. 3
State California lAug. a
Progreso ISeattle [Aug. 3
Corona Pan Diego Aug. 4
Point Arena Point Arena lAug. 4
Willamette ISeattle lAug. 4
Bristol [Departure Bay lAug. 4
Hongkong Mam China and Japan. (Aug. .".
Thyra 'China and Japan ...Aug.' 5
Pomona l£* IHurnboldt I Aug. • 5
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget SoundlAug. •'.
Bnnita Newport (Aug. fi
Fulton IPortlnnd Auk. fi
A Blanchard...'Coo? Bay ! Aug. fi
San Jose Panama Aug. 7
Crescent City. ..'Crescent City Auk. 7
Columbia ....... IPortlnnd (Aug. 8
Par.ta Rosa 'San Diego Aug. S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Brunswick Oregon Ports. Auk. ]. 10 anVPier 20
Aloha ......'Point Arena. . Auk. 1. "3 pmlPier 2
rsertha Bt. Michael. ..l Auk. 1. 2 pmlPier 34
Aloha Point Arena. .l Auk. I. " Pier 2
Columbia ..[Portland Auk. 1. 10 amjPier 24
Samoa ..... JHumbolrlt |Aur. 2. 10 amlPier 2
Santa Rosa' San Dieeo lAup. 2. 11 amlPier 11
Coquille R.iOrays Harbor I, 2 pm I Pier IS
Pomona ...[Humboldt Auk. 2. 2 pmlPier 9
Sunoi .|Grays Harbor Auk. 2.12 mlPier 13
Arcata ...'.(Coot Bay I Aug. 4, 10 amlPler 13
Coos Bay... I Newport. lAup. 4, amlPier 11
City PueblalVlc & Pet Sd.lAugr. 4. 10 am'P.'er 9
N>T*burg . . 'Orays Tlarbor' 4. »pm
We«otl ....IHumbolrtt (Aug. 4. 2 pmjPler 1"
Corona ISan Dlpc-o [Auk. 8, 11 am Pier 11
State of CallPortl.ind.." lAuk. 6. in amlPier 2»
ii Arena.. I Point Arena. JAuk. 7. 2 pmlPier 2
Oiracao ...Mexico Auk. 7. 10 amlPier 9
A: BlanchMlfoos Bay lAuk, 7 ....-!
Bonita INewport !Ausr. 8, ? am Pier 11
San Bias. ..{Panama Aug. 8, 12 m|PMSS
Steamer.
! Destination, j
Sails.
■
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, v. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 31. 1599. -'•- *\
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
-.*:.: c. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. P. S. N., in charge.
FORECAST OF WIND AND WEATHER IN
THE NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN FOR
AUGUST. 1899.
The area of high barometer— The northeast
trades— The sub-chart of average pressure con
ditions for the month of August shows an area
AUCTION SALES.
NEW FURNITURE.
THIS PAY (TUESDAY) AT 11 4 M
011 JONES ST., NEAR BUSH " "
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Jlark'l I st
W " i^ M^**^^^^^^^"""*****^ M^*****"'""""""""**'"""''*" l> * M,^ , .^"...^.^»»M"«
of -high barometer (pressure 30.30 inches) cen
tral in latitude 41 degrees north, longiture 152
degrees west, slightly to the north and west"
therefore, of its position during July. Around
this area of high barometer the winds circu
late in a positive direction, i. c.. In the same
direction as the hands of a clock,' the wind
arrows of the Pilot '"hart showing the preva
lence of northerly winds between the area cf
maximum pressure and the Pacific Coast of
the United States, northeasterly and easterly
winds (the northeast trades) on the southern
slope; souheasterly, southerly and southwest
erly wine,.-, to the west of the center, and west
erly winds along the northern slope. In tha
immediate neighborhood of the center itself
frequent claims and light variable winds will
be experienced. The probable limits of the
trades are shown upon the chart. Over the
eastern half of the ocean they will be founei
blowing with an average force of 4 (Beaufort
! scale), varying in direction from north north-
I east along the meridian of 130 degrees west to
j Mist northeast In mldocean. and to east south
; east beyond the meridian of 180 degrees west,
especially along and tee the southward of the
j parallel of 10 degrees north. Frequent vari
-1 ables will also occur within this region,
I Northerly and northwesterly winds will re
place the trades between the American coast
and a line drawn from 40 degrees north. 135 .le
grees west, to 15 degrees north; 110 degree*
west Southerly winds, becoming southwest
erly as we leave the equator, will prevail frord
the American coast westward to 120 deer"-*
west, and from the line to the parallel nf ;i
degrees north. Between 10 degrees ne>rth and
15 degrees north the prevailing direct of th»
wind will be easterly. The winds of this re
gion, especially of its more northerly portions
I will be subject to frequent interruptions by
; tedious calms.
Occasional cyclonic storms of no great in
! tensity may be encountered between the par
-1 allels of 10 degrees north and 20 degree- nortn
along the sailing route from San Francis to
j the line and return. Heavy thunderstorms a--*
I also likely to occur along the coast of Mexico
I and Central America and in the doldrums, or
I region between the trades. Squally weather
may be expected in the vicinity of the Ha
waiian Islands.
The area of low barometer— The prevailing
westerly winds— An eastward prolongation of
the area of low barometer central eve conti
nental Asia covers Bering Sea (pressure 29.85
inches). The presence of this low gives rise
to a belt of variable winds mainly from south,
southwest an.l west, extending from the Aleu
tian Islands to latitude 40 degrees north The?-.
winds will have no great strength, owing to
the weakness of the barometric gradient of
slope, their average force being less than 4
on the Beaufort scale. (alms will be frequent
throughout this belt, especially between 155
degrees west and 170 degrees east
Cyclonic and anti-cyclonic circulations—Tem
porary areas of high and low barometer will
I).' found moving in a general easterly direc
tion across the ocean. Around the areas of
high barometer the winds circulate in the same
direction as th» motion of the hands of a watch
(anti-cyclonic); around the areas of low barom
eter in the opposite direction (cyclonic). In
advance of an anti-cyclonic area, or high, the
weather is dry. the barometer rises, and the
thermometer falls, while the general direction
... the winds Is polar or westerly: in advance
of a cyclonic area, or low. ft is damp, the
barometer falls, and the thermometer rises,
while the general direction of the winds ia
equatorial or easterly. The eastward passage
of an anti-cyclone is generally marked by th*
occurrence of light winds and fair weather; of
a cyclone by the occurrence of gales, rain and
toul weather. The progress of the latter a
generally confined to the region between the.
parallels of 35 degrees north and 50 degrees
north. Their occurrence is slightly more fre
quent during August than during July. Out of
2240 observations within the belt specified (35
degrees north to 50 degrees north), and between
125 degrees west an.l 143 degrees ea„st. 10 per
cent gave a wind force above 5, and 3 per cent
above i .Beaufort scale), as compared with 9
per cent and 2 per cent respectively, for the
month of July.
Monsoons— The area of low pressure central
over Asia maintains Its depth (29.60 Inches).
The southwest monsoon may be expected to
blow steadily throughout the China Sea. ac
companied by hot. sultry, weather and abun
dant rain, especially along the western coast
of Luzon.
Typhoons— The average occurrence of ty
phoons for the month ofAugust, derived from
the observations during the thirteen-year
period 1884-1896. is between 3 and 4. The region
throughout which these storms are most fre
quent and the tracks followed by the several
classes are shown elsewhere upon the chart.
Fog— Fog and mist will be prevalent along
the American coast, and occasional fog may bo
expected north of the 40th parallel from the
American to the Asiatic coast. Frequent fog
probable above the belt shown on the chart.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 31.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg, with barge Chester A in tow.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 66 hours from Grays
Harbor. , .
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. 54 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hours from
San Diego, etc. -: —•;'__''-"'_
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 1* hours from Eureka.
Schr Gotama, Johannissen. 6 days from Cor*
Bay. «»____
Schr Martha W Tuft, Johnsen. 35 days from
Navidad. . ~ __.,
Schr Eureka. Asplund, 5 days from Coquille
River.
Schr John A. Nillson. 3 days from Eureka.
Schr San Buenaventura, Langktlde, 56 ■ days
from Teacapau. Mexico.
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmussen. 4 days from
Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Monday, July 31.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ___._*
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nay Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
RosenfehVs Sons.
Bktn City of Papeete. Tahiti; J Plnet & Co.
SAILED.
Monday. July 31.
Stmr Bonita, Ntc*lson. San Pedro.
Stmr Weeott. Burtis. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Alcatraz. ''arisen. Greenwood.
Stmr Tillamook, Anflndsen. .
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. I'sal.
Br ship Marlborough Hill. Lang. Queens
town.
Bktn Jane A Falkinburg, Marden. Port Had
lock.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu.
CHARTERS.
The Diamond Head loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Ancaios loads wheat for Cape Town or
Algoa Bay. 355; Glenard, wheat or barley for
Europe, 22* 6d.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Orange Branch, at Astoria— Sighted a
full-rigged loaded ship two days ago headed for
Columbia River, thought to be Br ship Mac
duff from Calcutta for Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 31. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW: velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC FORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 31— Schr
James Rolph. from Eureka.
Sailed July 30— Schr American, Girl, for San
Francisco: schr Meteor, for San Pedro.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed July 30— Stmr Luella,
for San Pedro.
PORT ANGELA— Arrived July 30 — Ship
Charmer, hence July 11. *, '_":"-.-
SAN PEDRO Arrived July 30— Schr Letltla,
from Grays Harbor. ««.«,.»»,
BANDON Sailed July 30— Schr \ olante. for
San Francisco. ;'•---- , -'' _.• _
VENTURA Arrive.! July 31— Stmr George
Loomis. hence July 38.
Sailed July 31— Stmr George Loomis, for San
COOS BAT- Arrived July 30— Stmr Areata,
hence July 28. July 31— Stmr Empire, from
' Sailed July 31— Tug Columbia,' with dredger
in' tow for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 31— Stmr
Mlneola. from Comox.
' EUREK A— Arrived July Schr Sparrow,
ASTORIA Arrived July 31— Br stmr Orange
Branch, from Vladivostok.
EUREKA— Arrived July 31— Schr Fortuna,
hence July 86, _,
RHDONDO— Arrived July 31— Schr Lottie Car
son 'from Eureka.
" USAL— Sailed July 31— Stmr Navarro, for
Ventura. EASTERN pORTS .
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared July 23— Ship I F
Chapman, for New York and San Francisco.
DELAWARE BREAK WATER-Passed July
30 Ship E B Sutton, from Philadelphia, for San
Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 2S— Ship A G
Hopes for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed July 23— Schr Louis.
for Honolulu.
MANlLA— Arrived July 30— Stmr Valencia.
hence June 88.
Sailed July Sl— 0 B stmr Grant, for San
Francisco.
STANLEY. F I— Sailed July Ship Cyrus
Wakefield, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived July 19— Bark Edward May,
hence July 2.
Sailed July Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francis.-..
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived July 29— Bark Snow
and Burgess, from Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 88 Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
KINSALE— Passed July. 29— ship Norma,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
ARICA — Sailed July 2S —Br ship Sierra
Blanca. for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 2?— bark Norman
die, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July Stmr Um
bria, from New York. . -::.'. :.
Sailed July 89 Stmr Servia. for New York.
GENOA— Arrive.; July —Stmr Ems, from
New York -
■ ANTWERP— Arrived July Stmr Frlea
| land, from New York.TIME NEEDED
FOR PREPARING
TALLY-BOOKS
Delegates' Tickets for
the Registrar.
— • —
NAMES SHOULD BE PRINTED
— ♦— —
ESTIMATE THAT NEARLY 12,000
-REPUBLICANS ARE ENROLLED. j
— » -'- --
The Voters Will Not Take Orders
From the Bosses or Go to Saloon
Headquarters for In
struction.
«
Yesterday the Registrar of Voters sent
a. communication to each .if the organized
political parties asking that the Election
Commissioners be furnished with the list
of the delegates to be voted for at the
primary election. The object of this re
nuest Is to print the names in the tally
Viooks to he used at the polls. The organ
izations receiving this letter are not at
this time able to comply with the request.
In the selection of delegate tickets con
siderable headway has been lade by the
City Republican League, the organization
of which Henry T. Scott Is president, and
also by the executive committee of the j
Democratic Committee of One Hundred.
The clubs formed under the auspices of j
the Republican County Committee are at !
•work in each Assembly district in the pre- j
paration of a ticket, but there are no in- j
dications that the tickets will be ready j
for transmission to the Registrar before j
the latter part of this week.
it is feared now that the Election Com
missloners will not receive the names in
sufficient time to have them printed in the
tally book, and as a result the clerks 'at j
the various polling places will be com- |
pelled to write the names ii the tally |
book. There is a strong suspicion that J
some of the regular politicians are :hem- ;
ing for delay in order to defeat the true j
purposes of the primary election law. j
Under the most favorable conditions, with
the names printed in the tally book, it will
take a long time to canvass the vote, and
if the names have to he written In the
book an interminable length of time |
would be needed to complete ■ he canvass. ,
To-me>rrow evening there will be a meet- j
ing to organize the advisory central club
of the Republican County Committee, i
Yesterday A. J Raisch; chairman of the >
committee; sent out the following notice
t" each one of the delegates recently
chosen:
The meeting of the delegates of the Advisory I
Central Club of the Republican party will he I
held Wednesday evening, August 2, at I
lie;:, for the purpose of effecting permanent J
; ■: ■-a.'-.i.-.utii.in. You hare been elected a delegate
t.v your district club to represent them in
s-u. h • realization. Your attendance is re
quested.
It is asserted at Republican headquar
ters that the enrollment of voters on the i
r- gular club rolls numbers 11,800. The Call
bi lieves this is an overestimate, but rec
ognizes the fact that many independent
•eet.rs who have hitherto withheld their
names from club rolls were recently en
rolled. This large enrollment does not in
the slightest degree signify that the Re
publicans so enrolled propose to take or
ders from Kelly and Crimmins, or go to
the saloon of any other boss for instruc
tions. These Republicans will take the
best ticket presented to them in their re
spective districts and will use their influ
ence to secure the election of men of char- |
acter and ability to compose the conven- j
tion. I
. . .
There never was a time in the history I
of the Republican party In Ban Francisco
that the voters of th.' party entertained so
little respect, for bosses and boss meth
ods. It Is doubtful if i 'rimmins and Kelly '
could recruit a following of 1000 voters in
the whole city.
If the organization which has its head
quarters in the Grand Hotel puts the
best delegate tickets in the field it will
likely win out in the contest for the con- i
trol of the convention, as the Republicans
enrolled in the regular clubs are free to
express their choice at the polls. The pri
mary election gives the people a chance
to control the convention and if good men
are not chosen the people will have only
themselves to blame.
A lively time is anticipated at Ihe meet
ing next Thursday evening of the regu
lar Central Republican Club of the Thir
ty-first Assembly District. The meeting
will take place at Trades Union Hall.
corner of Mission and Sumner .tree and
will consider the report of a committee
appointed to select delegates to be voted .
for at the primary election.
The Democratic factional fight In the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District Is becom
ing intensely bitter. Last night Buckley's
followers; believing that they were being
duped by the Kainey men In the Gallagher
club met in Powers Hall and organized
a Buckley club. There are now three
Democratic clubs In the Thirty-eighth.
The fine representing the McN'ab faction
is headed by Bert Schlesinger. The
Lainey-Examiner league is represented
hy the Gallagher club, and John J. Sulli
van is president of the Buckley club which
was organized last night. The indications ■
are that ere will be three delegate tick
ets ln the field.
The Democratic campaign has been en
livened by one very funny incident. The I
Rainey-Examiner league, i ring that i
they were getting the worst end i if it in i
the contest with the Democratic execu
tive committee, fancied it would be a
good scheme to have an arbitrator ap- ■
pointed to adjust the differences in dis
tricts where Rainey and the Examiner ,
were weak. So word went out that ex-
Judge Jeremiah I-". Sullivan had been
clothed with all the powers iif a court of
arbitration. The disgruntled and discon
tented Democrats who had grievous bur
dens to bear were all I vised to go to
Judge Sullivan's law office for consolation
and redress. Rainey and the Examiner
did not select Sullivan until they had gone
down the line of a long list of Democrats
without finding one to step in and arbi
trate. One prominent Democrat who was
offered the position of arbitrator was ad
vised by his friends to go out in the
Thirty-ninth District for an hour and
practice titration and then consider how
he felt after he Nad passed the ordeal in
that section of the city. In most of the
districts the Democratic fight is shaping
itself to a contest between Buckley on one
GRAPE-NUTS.
FOOD AND WEATHER.
Temperature Increased or Re-
duced by Food.
The old army ration for the tropics
has been very sharply criticized for the
reason that it consists of articles of
food that any person even slightly ac-
quainted with the elements of food
knows is not adapted to the needs of
ill-- human stem in hot weather.
Nature shows forth in the selection of
food by inhabitants of various coun-
tries; for instance, the Esquimaux in
a cold climate selects heavy, carbon-
aceous ids, tallow, bacon and such;
while the Hindoo and inhabitants of
hot countries turn to the cereals for
sustenance.
We should follow this hint of nature,
and particularly in hot weather should
avoid much butter, meat or any of that
class of food. Perhaps a little meat
once a day Is not amiss, even it. hot
weather, but the breakfast and lunch
Should be made of fruit, one or two
slices of entire wheat bread and some
Grape-Nuts and cream. Grape-Nuts
are mentioned, because they furnish
the ideal cereal food In a most palat-
able and delicious form, in addition to
which, they are ready cooked and re-
quire no attention whatever from the
cook.
A person can pass through weather
that may be intensely hot In a comfort-
able manner if the food be properly
selected, and the above suggestions can
he put Into practice with most excellent
results. Price 15 cents per package.
side and the Committee of One Hundred I
on the other.
» -» »
A REPUBLICAN JUBILEE.
Harbor Club Extends Greeting to j
Congressman Kahn.
The Harbor Republican Club held a
general jollification meeting last night at
its rooms at Davis and Washington
streets. incidental to the refreshments j
and general good time there was some j
excellent speech-making. Congressman
Kahn, Henry B. Maddison. the- club's
president; and other eloquent speakers
being sent. . .
Congressman Kahn said that his first ;
efforts at legislation would be for the
enactment of laws thai would work the
rehabilitation of the merchant marine
and 'hat he did hot think it would be
many years before ships flying the Amer- |
lean flag would be carrying the commerce
of all parts of the world. "This has been
a railroad-building country for years;
now it is about i" become a shipbuilding
nation." said Kahn.
Among the speakers were Henry B. j
Maddison. G. G. Camasa of the Italian-
Swiss Colony and Captain Charles Pratt. I
. *•*_-
! THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT. j
Republicans Nominate a Ticket to Be
Voted For at the Primaries.
An exciting meeting of the Central Re
publican Club of the Thirty-seventh As
sembly District was held in Central Hall,
on Devisadero street, last night, and
twenty-four names were finally selected
j as the nominees of the- party in thai sec
tion of the city fe.r delegates to the mu
nicipal convention. The men chosen will |
be voted for at the primary election next j
! Tuesday The ticket selected was agreed i
■ upon at a conference of representatives of )
! the two Republican clubs organized in the
| district, an.i is made up as follows: L. E.
! Clawson. Rudolph Belau, E. C. Heghler,
George Clark. P. V. Long. T. V. Maxwell,
Ed Christlen, N. Schlessinger, A. Tilden,
! John Higgins. J. K. Jones. H. J. Alex-
a nder Benjamin Curtaz. J. R. McGuffick, ]
' YV. K. Owens. E. J. Clark. John Herron, j
IJ. 7f. Seyden, J. F. Newford, F. P.
1 Haynes, J. N. Scott. Morris Levi, W. R.
Ramsey and Al Lewald.
A delegation from the Kelly and < 'rim- j
mins "push" was present for he purpose
of breaking up the meeting, and although
they. were outnumbered their hoodlum tac
tics nearly proved successful in accom
plishing their purpose. T. Jones, a ward
striker from the Crimmins camp, was par
ticularly offensive, and In a final desper
ate effort to cause disruption by precipi
tating a riot he indulged in a stream of
vituperation directed at all who opposed
his alleged views, and then dared any one 1
to throw him out. A dozen men sprang to
'their feet to accommodate the belligerent
"striker," but better counsel prevailed
and a semblance of order was finally re
stored. _ I
J. P. McMurray. a disappointed offlce- .
seeker of the gang ."tripe, loudly seconded j
the efforts of the chief disturber, and ad
ditional confusion was caused by a large
an respectable element in the club who
became convinced that they were being
hoodwinked into indorsing a job ii the 1
selection of the district nominees. Among:
the latter were Holla V. Watt and A. Til
den; th. latter being one of those honored
by a nomination. Mr. Tilden resigned the
honor because, as he stated, the commit
tee which had been intrusted with the
task of selecting the list had not yet
authorized Chairman Heghler to make a:
report and that therefore the entire pro
ceeding was irregular. He then left the J
halt but it is understood that he has al- i
ready reconsidered his resignation, which j
President George D. Clark declined to en- j
tertain because it was not made in writ- >
ing The two clubs have practically
amalgamated. a large delegation from the I
"lower end" .-It:":' signing the roll of the j
Central Club previous to the meeting.
\ Both organizations declare themselves op
! posed to the dictation of Kelly and Crlm
i mins or any other would-be boss.
HARMONY DID NOT PREVAIL.
Consolidated Democratic Clubs in the ,
Fortieth District at War.
All was not harmony in the Fortieth
District Democratic Club last night at
Bear Hall. A month ago the club pre
sided over by Edward R. Rock md the
one presided over by Bernard Bienenfield
were consolidated and the latter was.
made president of the new organization.
The trouble last night occurred over the
fact that the Rock faction was only ;
granted eleven delegates to the conven
tion, while the Bienenfield club exacted
fourteen. 77 ,_. .. ... J
Sidney Van Wyck objected to the hold- .
in"- of the election of delegates, claiming
that Rock had the rolls of both clubs in j
his possession and refused to allow the
committee on enrollment to examine and
certify to their correctness. After an ac
rimonious debate a motion to adjourn sine
die was carried and a number of the mem
bers filed out of the hall, and they say
they will meet next Wednesday to elect
heir own delegates.
Headquarters Opened
The Forty-third Assembly District Re
publican League opened up its headquar
ters last night at 620 Bush street. Charles j
B. Benton and Thomas B. Upton, mem- I
bers of the district committee of the Cen- j
tral Republican League, will be in attend
ance lay and evening for the purpose of
enrolling members. Last night thirty-five j
voters signed the roll, and it is expected
that the membership will soon reach sev
eral hundred. James D. Hart is president ;
and F G. Robrechl secretary of the
Forty-third District League. j
Democrats Elect Delegates.
The United Democracy of the Forty
third Assembly District met last night at
620 Bush street and nominated the fol
lowing delegates to the Municipal Con
vention; F. Reis Jr.. J. F. Callaghan.
Jeremiah Sullivan. J. 11. Shanahan. E. J.
Forster, Leonard Shores, Alex Vogelsang,
J. J. Fagen. Antone Pileovich, P. H. Mc-
Carthy, J. J. McGuire, Henry Staude and
Joseph Motto.
Speeches were delivered by James J.
Fagen and P. H. McCarthy, presidents of
the two clubs which have agreed to con
solidate in the interest of harmony.
_. m .
Forty-Second District Republicans.
A well attended meeting of the Republi
can League of the Forty-si District
at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter street,
last evening elected the following perma
nent officers: President, John W. Taylor;
vice president. C. W. Gordan; secretary,
Oscar F. Barber; and treasurer, A. K.
Smith.
Phelan Club Meets.
The James D. Phelan Club of the Twen
ty-eighth Assembly District held a meet
ing at Armory Hall, Second and Folsom
streets, last evening. M. Rodgers pre
sided and D. F. Sullivan acted as secre
tary. Addresses touching upon Democrat
ic politics were made by J. Dolan, John
Murpny and John « .oakley.
Twenty-Ninth District Delegates.
The regular Democratic Club of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District met last
evening at Bryan Hall, corner of Fourth
and Tehama streets, and selected the fol
lowing named gentlemen as their candi
dates to the coming Democratic Municipal
Convention:
Thomas F. Eagan, James B. McSheehy,
Nicholas Wenlnsky. James Tierney, John
D Coughlin, Charles Kaufman, James
Hagertv, William McClure, George Madi
son Thomas Brady. James Walsh, Tim
othy McSweenev, Thomas Glbney, Joseph
Flanagan, Thomas Brosnan, J. D. Court
ney.
Stirring addresses were made by Hon.
J. J. Barrett and William P. Humphreys
and eighty new members signed the roll.
Indorsed Phelan and Dodge.
At a meeting of the Thirty-second Dis
trict Central .Democratic Club at Ensign
Hall, corner of Third and Brannan
streets, last night, resolutions were adopt
ed Indorsing Mayor Phelan and Assessor
Dodge for the manner in which they have
performed the duties of their respective
..fin '
Fortieth District Democrats.
Flugger's Hall on Point Lobos and First
avenues was crowded to the doors last
night with the Democrats of the Fortieth
District. J. D. Mclntyre presided at the
.ting and in a few well chosen re
marks stated the objects of the meeting.
The first business 'transacted was the
reception of the report of Robert Haight,
chairman of the nominating committee.
The recommendation of the committee
was unanimously adopted. It recommend
ed the following named delegates:
Charles J. Ileggerty, Dr. Charles ■V.
Cross Samuel Dannenbaum, Cassem
HIE SAjN lIJAKLbCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1,."' 13-99;
Hirsch. Parker W. Jones, Matthew Bra
dy, Milton L. Schmidt. James P. Sheerln,
Patrick McKeon, D. W. Douthitt, Frank
D. ill- v, Bernard Strauss. Joseph Roths
child, Henry Borreman, Frank Coffey,
George Andrews, ML L. Choynski, Thomas
,1. Bradv, Frank E. Slattery. Michael
Heverty, Henry S. Buckley. Arthur Figal,
John Greely, Joseph Farrell.
Deckhands on River Steamers
Strike.
! There was another strike on the Sacra- J
I mento River steamers yesterday. Last |
| week the freight handlers, struck for a
' raise from 30 cents to 50 cents an hour.
j After a conference with the agents of the j
! vessels a compromise at 40 cents an hour
I was reached, and the men went back to ;
i work. Festerday the deckhands on the
I steamers Relief and Onward went on i
j strike. They have been getting $40 a
month, and how that the busy season Is
!on they want $50. Another conference ,
j was held and the owners offered $15 aj
month, but the men refused point-blank to ;
| accept it. and walked off the steamers.
After considerable delay a new crew
j from among the men on the wharf was
i secured for the Onward, and she started
away for Sacramento River points about
11 a. m. A new crew for the Relief was
not cured until the afternoon, and it ;
was 5 p. m. before she got away.
NORMAL SCHOOL FACULTY.
Nominations by Dr. Burk Confirmed
by the Trustees.
The trustees of the San Francisco Nor
mal School met last night in Secretary
Dinkelspiel's office in the Claus Spreckeis
building. Judge S. C. Denson presided.
Dr. Fred E. Burk nominated the follow
ing teachers to constitute the faculty, all
of which were confirmed by the board:
leorge L. Leslie, Miss Agnes Stowell,
Professor Elmer E. Brown, Professor Ell
wood Cubberley and Miss Estelle Carpen
ter. .
Mr. Leslie is a graduate of the Universi
ties of lowa and Chicago, and is at pres
ent head of the science denartment of the
Los Angeles High School and first vice
president of the Southern California Acad
emy of Sciences. Miss Stowell is a gradu
ate of the State Normal School of San
Jose, and has taken a course in Stanford
and Chicago universities In the depart
ment of education. She has occupied var
ious responsible educational positions, and
Is the assistant editor of the Oregon
Teachers' Monthly. Mr. Leslie and Miss
Stowell have not been assigned to any
particular brancti as yet.
Professor Brown is the head of the ped
agogical department at Berkeley, and
Professor Cubberley occupies a similar
position at Stanford. They will deliver a
lourse of lectures during the school term.
Miss Carpenter will be in charge of the
singing department, and is now superin
tendent of singing in the public schools.
Mrs. Mary Hardwigson was appointed
janitress of the Normal School.
It was decided to limit the number of
pupils to 100 for the present.
The following resolutions were adopted,
providing for the establishment of a
model school in connection with the Nor
mal School:
Resolved. That the president of the school
he authorized to establish model classes In
connection with the Normal School, a.l
mitting pupils of the regular primary and
grammar grades: that the Instruction shall
be given by the members of the Normal
School faculty, assist.-. 1. when practicable,
i, v the students of the school, the* aim
being to illustrate the best educational
methods of teaching and hygienic provisions
of development: that so far as possible the
course of study pursued in the public
schools be followed, so that pupils may be
received from and transferred to the cor
responding grades of the public schools;
providing that the total number of pupils
admitted to the model school shall not ex
ceed 120; that' the number in any one class
shall not exceed fifteen, and that a tuition
fee of '_ per month, payable quarterly In
advance, be required.
. ■» ■
OSGOOD THE BIGAMIST.
George L. Osgood, the whisky drummer.
•was arraign* I before Judge Mogan yes
terday afternoon on the second charge
of bigamy against him. In which the com
plaining witness is Richard Bourne, 32
Second street, and his preliminary exam
ination was set for to-morrow along with
the first case.
Osgood's third wife is living in this city
and the police are busily engaged try
ing to locate her. He has also another
wife in Texas. It is said that one of his
wives has engaged Attorney Peter Dunne
to defend him.
Osgood's past record Is being exposed
gradually, It was discovered yesterday
that about four years ago he. was charged
in Judge- Conlan court with forgery and
obtaining money by false pretenses and
the cases were dismissed through a mis
take of the complaining witness in not
appearing in court on the- day set for his
preliminary examination.
■ _» ■
••Barrel" Watts Is No More.
William Watts, better known as "Bar
rel" Watts, a member of the notorious
Watts family, died early this morning at
the County Jail of pneumonia. Watts re
cently served a term for petty larceny
and was awaiting a trial in the Superior
Court for grand larceny when his death
occurred. The last crime he committed
was the theft of a horse from Contractor
Young, and at the time of his arrest he
was chased eighteen blocks by Officer
Irvine before capture. He was a notori
ous criminal and had served many terms
in the penitentiary. He derived the ap
pellation of "Barrel" for having rolled a
small boy down North Beach in a barrel.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 31.
Schr ivy, Samuelson, 11 days from Everett.
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst, 50 hours from Ban
Pedro.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
■ PALACE HOTEL.
!I* S Dickinson, NY D Campbell. Tex
| B 1. Orr, I. Ang W G McCormick, 111
i Mis B I. Orr, I. Ang J Lyons, Ia
i Misses ' 'rr. I. Ang Mrs W R Rowland, Cal
i A L Hastings, I. Ang Miss Rowland, Cal
I H A Colladln, Mcx Miss N Rowland, Cal
Mrs Colladln, Mcx Gertrude Edmund, Mas
j Miss A Phillips, Mcx Mrs F. B I.eslter, Pa
X Spilling Germany Miss M McClnre, Pa
|J i" Sullivan. US N W B Seeley. Tex
j Mrs .1 C Sullivan, N V F H B Johnson, Eng
! Miss A Sullivan, N V D Lee. Ariz
l J E Naples, Dawson S A Burtt, N V
IC I) McKay. Dawson C a Allenhurger, Neb
! Miss W Wilson, Dawsn G 1- Clover. N V
\V F Carson, L Ant Mrs G F Clover. N V
H A Bartlett V 8 N Miss E Beand. Ky
Mrs H A Bartlett, D C R Clover, U S N
I* Luckenback, X V It V del \"alle. I. Ang '
Mrs Luckenback. X V Mrs del Valle, I. Ang j
R b Canfleld, Cal Mrs a C Staples. Ia
A Baillle, Tacoma Harriet Staples, Ia
t D J Burns, Portland Helen Staples, Ia
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Walsh. Auburn J T Herman, Fresno
l V Filcher, S Lake T Hall. <'al
Mrs K. Barrielow & C VY McLenon & son,
daughter. S Lake Cal
F C White. Chicago L D Jones. Cal
, V A Pinkley. Clm jn VV J McNulty. Fresno
I. M Washburn, S Jose E VV Clark, Cal
E McCrilles, Denver B T Hall, Santa Rosa
J Jones, Term A Duprey, Areata
1. M Kent. B Jose Mrs VV It Heyward,
' T Fitch, w & eh. Cal Cal
J W Hughes, S Jose E Jacobs & w, CaL
! J D Earl. Chicago C J Cox, w & fam,
i J C Franks & w, Cal Elmo
|F C France, L Ang jF VV Swanton, S Cruz
I J F Falkey, I. Ang i E T Klngsley, Ariz
i F Bennett, S Diego ! Miss Klngsley. Vriz
| Mrs G A Quintan, Tex J X Harrington, Cal
) Mrs H H Tooker, Utah Mrs M E Donovan, Cal
T A Qulnlan. H and R T Evert, Salinas
T Co WE Starr. Detroit
i Miss J D White. Ta- T T Roberts & fam,
i coma Decatur
' A X Crow. Modesto . S H Boynton, Oil
i Misses Crow, Modesto I Mrs c H Boynton, c ; ,i
] D 1. Dunovan, 111 j Miss A C. Lick, Cal
• L I". Howland, Dawson C A Foster. Lowell
I Mrs c W Otterson.-A F ,T..hns. Chlco !
Seattle Ft Dtller, Chico
F. J Pvle. Cal B I. VVerthelmer, Sac !
■ L B Merton, c a l Miss Grlswold, S J ose }
i ler VV '. Moon, 1 Cal H '* Ferguson. S Jr.: I
1. P Swift. Fresno E A Preble, Cal !
II VV* Sawyer, Wash Miss Mayberry, Nev
!" '". Langtry, Cal L H Butcher, Cal
Mr Prust, Nevada A S Warren Jr. Tent-
Mrs Pritz, Nashville Mrs J VV Wilzinski,
Mrs T T Knight, L A Visalia
Miss Knight. I. Ang Miss Wilzinski. Cal
Miss Lawson. I- Ang Miss E Conn. Sulsun
Mrs F. R Colston, Ala Mrs J H Heltman. Sac
Mrs C a Marston. Mo- Miss A Heltman, Sac
bile Miss M Heltman, Sac
Mrs Summerfleld. NVv
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. :* .
: Miss F A Shore, Eng , J D (Jray. Montreal
L J West &. w. Cal I J Decarl, Montreal
C W McKelveef, Cal A S Hamelin, Montreal
A I. Davis & w. c a l G Barton, New York
.1 W Rodgers, lowa G W Hook. Illinois
Miss E Hynes, N" V IW Stason, Illinois
J Brown & w, X Mcx W E Reavis. Seattle
O 11 Graw, Seattle F Estrada, Sacromcnt.T
J Lind, Salt Lake W Shaughnessy. Utah
G Green, Oakdale C S Stusrt. Arkansas
P e'lilan, Marysville Mrs C 1. Stuart, Mo
F G Albers, Cal Miss A Stuart. M ,
C w Sears, Omaha Miss L Stuart. Mo
c A E Hansen, NY tP Gingham. N V
J O'Connor, Chicago T O'Hanlon, X V
W Wise. S Barbara Miss E Rice. Omaha
E Williams. Needles Miss Klmmell. Omaha
! A Lacasse, Montreal I Mllner. N Dakota
A VVorln. Montreal J Reed, San Jose
J A Belanger, Canada
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BACON HEIRS
CHARGE FRAUD
AND MISTAKE
Two Sensational Suits
Are Filed.
— * —
BIG LEGACIES NEVER PAID
— ♦— — .
ENTIRE ESTATE TIED UP BY A
LIS PENDENS.
■ •■_.'
Serious Error of a Word Naming
Amount Bequeathed Has Been
Discovered and a Bitter
Contest Is On.
*
" : -■<■'■-:■■
Oakland offlce San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 31.
Two sensational complaints foreboding
an interesting contest over the estate of
the late Henry D, Bacon, which was dis
tributed some years ago. were filed In
the Superior Court late this afternoon, and
simultaneously a lis pendens was recorded
'■ against all of the property of the Bacon
Land and Loan Company, located in San
Joaquin, El Dorado and Alameda counties,
by Professor Frank Soul., and Mamie C.
■ Bacon, formerly the wife of Frank P.
Bacon.
The defendants named in either com
' plaint are Julia Ann Bacon, Frank P. Ba
i con, Ella Etta Bacon-Soule, Carrie Jenny
Bacon, the Bacon Land and Loan Com
pany (a corporation); and Frank Page Ba
-1 con Ella Etta Bacon-Soule and Carrie
: Jenny Bacon, as executors of the last
i will and testament of Henry D. Bacon,
I who died in February, 1893. The attorneys
for the plaintiffs are Bishop & Wheeler
and William Deamer. with ex-Senator Guy
C. Earl also associated as counsel.
The suits, the facts alleged in either
' complaint being Identical, have, for their
purpose the setting aside of the decree of
distribution in the estate of Henry D.
: Bacon, on the ground of fraud and mis-
It is charged outright that defendants
represented to plaintiffs that they were
: each to receive $2000 under the terms of
the Bacon will, when in reality the legacy
jin either case amounted to 510,000. The
! will was originally read aloud to the
i heirs by Attorney F. A. Berlin. the lega
i cies of ' Frank Soule and Mamie C. Bacon
i being announced at $2000 each, and later
: the legatees were furnished copies of the
' will, which also read $2000. They accepted
; this' amount, but subsequently the orig
inal will was inspected, when it was dis
covered. so plaintiffs allege, that Henry
D Bacon had written "ten" insteao of
"two." The will has since been photo
' graphed. Mr. Berlin pleads mistake pure
and simple on his part in reading the
amount of the legacies.
The complaints charge the defendants
with knowingly stating as a fact to these
plaintiff beneficiaries that tn.-- amount of
their legacy was $2000 instead of $10,000,
to mislead them and prevent them con
, suiting the record.
In August, 1893.. the widow and her three
children formed the corporation known as
the Bacon Land and Loan Company, in
corporating with a capital stock of $.".,000,
--000. and conveying to the corporation all
■■ their Interests in the estate of deceased.
"subject to the payment of the legacies
i provided for in the will." .--. ■ ■"-, :*
Subsequently on petition of the execu-
I tors it was represented to the court tnat
the legacies had all been paid, and the
court then distributed the estate, the resi
i due amounting to about $600,000, *o the
corporation.
Plaintiffs in the present suits purpose,
i now to have the Bacon Land and Loan
Company declared t.i hold the property if
; the old estate subject to the lien -of the
balance of the two legacies, which now
aggregate, with principal and interest,
to about $23,000.
Included in the property affected by the
lis pendens is the entire west half-block
bounded by Washington, Eleventh and
Twelfth streets, being located in the heart
j of this city. '
SPICY ANSWER IN THE
SMITH DIVORCE CASE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 31.
Norman H. Smith of Wisconsin, through
his attorney, H. S. Aldrich. to-day filed
a sensational answer and cross-complaint
in the divorce suit commenced on June 15
last by his wife, Minnie Smith, who
gained considerable notoriety last month
when she charged aged Arthur Arlington,
the bunkoer of widows, with having
robbed her of $215.
Arlington was held on June 14 to answer
before the Superior Court, and on the fol
lowing day Mrs. Smith tiled a divorce suit
against her husband, charging extreme
cruelty, Her original complaint recites
that she and Norman Smith were married
at West Superior, Wis., in May, 1!<93, and
that for a year prior to bringing this ac
tion she had been a resident of Califor
nia. The acts of cruelty narrated extend
from Mabton, Wis., to the State of Wash
ington and to San Diego. The wife al
leges that on one occasion her husband
tore her clothes, threw a pistol at her and
drove her from their home at Mabton with
her infant; that he frequently killed the
chickens and destroyed the eggs so that
she could have nothing to eat; that when
she went to live with her sister in L- is
Angeles in 1885, defendant husband fol
lowed her and made life with him unbear
able' that while living with him at Santa
Monica he choked her and threatened to
shoot her, as well as her sister, and.
finally that on one occasion tho husband
spoiled a Christmas dinner by pouring
kerosene over it. . „ ,A .^
The husband threatens to fight the ease
bitterly. He has telegraphed his attorney
that he is now on his way to this State,
and he promises to make matters decid
edly interesting. It appears that he him
self sued for a divorce last February, and
in answering said suit Mrs. Smith admit
ted that she was a resident of Wisconsin
for more than a year next preceding tne
commencement of the suit. Now in her
complaint she swears she has a residence
In California. c , „ . . 7. . . ,
In his answer filed to-day the husband,
after denying the allegations of cruelty
and his wife's residence in this State,
makes grave charges of her having disre
garded the solemnity of her marriage
vows on November 24, 1898, and January.
1889 at Lake Mills. Wis., naming August
H Wegeman as co-respondent, and on
May 14 1890. ; " San Francisco, infidelity
is again charged, this time A. Arlington
being named as co-respondent.
Smith does not ask for a decree of di
vorce but prays that his wife take noth
ing by her suit and that he be given cus
tody "of their minor child. Jessie Smith,
alleging that the mother is not a fit and
proper person to have control of her.
St. Joseph's Parish Picnic.
The parishioners of St. Joseph's Church
will gather in large numbers at El Campo
on Thursday next, the occasion of their
annual picnic. The affair promises to be
a pleasant one by reason of the interest
taken In it by prominent members of the
1,.._ ..-.1. ._....-•■■••••• I" »■■ -— *- t.**'---- 1
'._ been arranged and valuable and use
ful prizes will be offered to the victors in
the different events. Over 100 Kate prizes
will lee drawn during the day and holders
of lucky tickets will receive costly pres
ents which wen- donated by wholesale
and retail business men of this city.
\dults' tickets for the round trip will be
75 cents children 35 cents. . Boats will
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market street.
at 9:30 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. The following
gentlemen compose the committee on
games: Tf. P. I'iolan. E. I. Sheehan. G.
Bayreuther. F. Schilling and John Ren
ault. _^__ y_y
The entire registered debt of the city
of Philadelphia amounts to $51,170,500, on
all of which; with the exception of $4,600,
--000, the semi-annual interest matures on
Juiv 1. which will Involve the payment
of $1,055,947 67 on this account on that
date.
SHE SAYS HER HUSBAND
SET FIRE TO HER HAIR
.*. je-^. AKLAND. July 31.— A most interesting divorce suit is now on trial be- *
.7 I 1 fore Judge Ogden. The plaintiff. Otilla Wolchon, is seeking relief from '?>
* I I what she alleges to be the inhuman treatment of Albert Wolchon. Ac- *
_ I I cording to her story Wolchon would return at night, make himself com- -j.
* V-^ fortable with lighted pipe and slippers and then deliberately try to set <j.
* fire to her hair. He would attempt this with most serious intent, and *
•$> once nearly succeeded. a
* This Is not all of the cruelties which the plaintiff declares defendant was <£,
1" in the custom of practicing. Once when she was not on the watch he did *
'.' get a match to her hair, and only immediate action saved the woman. Oca- v
* sionally Wolchon would return to his home in an intoxicated condition, and
_ a general moving of house furniture resulted. He would batter the furniture. ...
Z jump on his wife and play the mischief with all things. On top of all this, •»
* W olchon Is accused of not having provided for a hungry family. ,*,
* Mrs. Wolchon was granted $20 counsel fees pending her suit for divorce. -j.
* but her application for alimony pending judgment was denied, she being ln <••
* comfortable circumstances. The case will continue Wednesday morning. *
* 4 ■"..-■■'"-_ _* __
i-x- i* * -t ■* *♦■ -r. |*4* im • •■£ >*♦* ♦<♦ft.fr t<>'X-3K-<s-W "-v•» I-r •-:••• • I * * •
NATIONAL PLANS
FOB WASHINGTON
STREET BRIDGE
Solution of Difficulty
Is Proposed.
— ♦ —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 31.
The trouble over the Washington-street
bridge is now in a fair way to disappear.
The situation of affairs at present .points
to an abandonment of Washington avenue
as a thoroughfare in the Fruitvale dis
trict.
J. R. Talcott, chairman of Supervisors,
sent the following letter to W. H. Heuer.
major. Corps of Engineers, United States
army:
OAKLAND. July 24. 1899.— W.H.. H. Heuer, Esq..
major. Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.— Dear Sir:
In yours of July 21 to the Board of Supervisors
of Alameda County you say "As I cannot build
two combined bridges starting from a common
point etc.," and asking us to waive the con
struction of any bridge for highway traffic
across canal, other than that proposed at
Fruitvale avenue, between Park and High
streets, I would say:
We take it for granted from the reading of
the above that the railroad company will not
require a bridge on Washington avenue and
that they also have been requested to waive
their right of way on said Washington avenue.
Are we correct? Respectfully yours,
J. R. TALCOTT, Chairman Supervisors.
The reason for the delay, according to
Major Heuer's reply, which is quite
lengthy depends upon the necessity of
things as it is compulsory to build the
bridge before the tidal canal can be com
pleted. The most important section of
the letter Is as follows:
The railroad company expressed a willing
ness to waive the construction of a bridge
at Washington avenue provided the Govern
ment would furnish a right of way, and lay
tracks on the same, connecting by a short
practicable route the proposed Fruitvale ave
nue bridge with existing Fern_ride-M.el.-ose
track. This appeared fair and equitable, an.l
if It could have been accomplished would have
saved the Government an expense of at least
$30,000. lt was ascertained, however, that there
was no law which would permit of the ac
ceptance of such terms, and such solution
could not be further considered.
The railroad company could not be expected
to purchase the strip of land above referred to
and lav track on same at an expense of 110.
to (13,000 without some compensating advan
tage, and in the absence of law the Govern
ment could not transfer to the railroad com
pany a strip of land and connecting track,
even though all the advantage*, were on the
side of the Government. The exchange, if lt
could be so called, would require special action
by Congress, and If authorized would require
that the land necessary for the connection be
acquired by condemnation proceedings. Judg
lag from what has occurred In the past in
similar proceedings of this work, this would
have delayed the completion of the tidal canal
for at least six years, to the detriment of the
work Itself and to the prejudice of the peo
ple of Alameda County.
The matter now rests with you. As yet I
have nee legal waiver of your right to a high
way bridge at Washington avenue. I am
looking solely to the rapid completion of the
won. as authorized by Congress. If you waive
th» right to a highway bridge at Washington
avenue unconditionally. I believe the work of
completing Oakland harbor can go on uninter
ruptedly, If you cannot see your way clear
to do this, the work must cease as soon as I
have made contracts for and completed High
street and Fruitvale avenue bridges, and be
delayed until Congress modifies its previous
action, furnishes funds and authorizes a
change In the existing project. Very respect
fully W. H. HEUER.
Major, Corps of Engineers, '*. S. A.
Crushed Between Gravel Cars.
ALAMEDA, July 31.— John- May, who
resides on Encinal avenue, near High
street, was injured Friday night at the
"sink." He was engaged in unloading
gra el from dumpcars, when the train
started. In trying to save himself from
falling under the wheels May got his left
arm caught between the bumpers. Both
bones of the forearm were splintered, .ie
sharp ends protruding through the fl;sh.
Crushed by Ealling Pipe.
BERKELEY. July 31.— Barrett Fisher,
an employe of the Hofburg Brewery in
West Berkeley, is In a critical condition
at the East Bay Sanitarium as the result
of attempting to move some of the fix
tures of the brewery. While handling
some barrels a heavy iron pipe fell from
an upper story and struck th- man on
the head, severely crushing his face and
neck. While the injuries did not prove
fatal, their extent Is such that Fisher
may be made an invalid for life.
Had His _Left Leg Broken.
Otis Nelson and Harry Stewart went to
the residence of Chris 'Christiansen, on
Tenth avenue, near Q street. South San
Francisco, last night, and in a scuffle
which followed Nelson fell and broke his
left leg. Tie was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and attended by Dr. Lane. A
charge of battery was placed against
Stewart, and < 'hristianson will swear out
a warrant for the arrest of Nelson to-day.
Christianson claims that the two men.
who were drunk, came to his house and
proceeded to assault him without any
provocation. Nelson is a laborer, 28 years
old, and lives on Fifth avenue, near M
street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blood Cure Sent Free
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mail to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
A free trial treatment is being sent out
by the State Medical Institute in order
to demonstrate the fact that the most
horrible of all diseases can be cured.
There is a good deal of controversy over
this subject among those who declare the
disease incurable, but the facts are in-
dubitable and must be acknowledged. The
action of this new remedy Is peculiar. The
physician In charge of the institute has
had a Long and varied experience treating
this disease of the Ho. and about two
years ago, after a long series of experi-
ments, he found the exact specific that
offsets' the poison, renders it lifeless and
eliminates it from the body. Having per-
sonally examined many hundreds of cases
and familiarized himself with every de-
tail of the disease, his discovery came
naturally and has never failed him. One
of his recent cures was a most hopeless
case, the disease having caused the hair
to fall out and the body was one mass of
putrescent sores, boils, blotches and un-
sightly disfigurements. In ten days the
entire outer skin was healed and there
CHINESE COOK
THREATENS TO
POISON A BABY
Being Dismissd He
Seeks Revenge.
— • —
ALAMEDA, July Mrs. George R.
Chambers of 1829 Clinton avenue has re
ceived anonymous threats through the
mail that unless she dismisses her Japa
nese servant he will be shot and the milk
used by her baby will be poisoned. The
threatening missive bears the Oakland
postmark and is supposed to be the work
of a Chinaman named Kay, or a Japanese
who covets the position now held by Mrs.
Chambers' servant.
Ah Kay worked in the Chambers house
hold up to last Wednesday, when he was
summarily dismissed. He was indignant
at being discharged and muttered some
thing to the effect that Mrs. Chambers
would be sorry. The following Friday
Mrs. Chambers received the annexed let
ter:
Mrs. Chamber: Me yon China frien. Me
no iik sen my fren go. Kay. No Ilk opostte
house .Tripp—-, make you my fren go. You
see him. I kill him, poison baby milk every
lavs. Me no care other girl other Jappee.
HI BIN DAS LEE.
Mrs. Chambers took the letter to the
Chinese cook at the home of Mrs. Peter
White, her aunt, who had recommended
Kay. He insisted that Kay had no knowl
edge of English, and that as far as high
binders were concerned he claimed that
he was "boss" of one of the tongs and
he would take it upon himself to see that
no harm was done the Chambers family
from that source.
Mr. Chambers, who is secretary of Glad
ding. Mcßean & Co. of San Francisco,
was not at home when the letter was re
ceived and did not arrive until Saturday.
He at once reported the matter to the po
lice and every precaution has been taken
to prevent "Hibandas Lee" from putting
his threat into effect.
PRIVILEGES ABUSED.
Well-to-Do Residents of Alameda
Insist Upon Free Vaccination.
ALAMEDA, July 31.— Health Officer L.
W. Stidham is authority for the assertion
; that the well-to-do people and society
! lights of Alameda have been systemati
cally abusing the free vaccination privi
'- leges. The Board of Health intended the
privilege for those who were financially
' unable to have their children comply with
the school restrictions requiring vaccina
tion. Blanks were printed for the signa
tures of the applicants setting forth that
I the parent was unable to pay a physi
cian. ;
Dr. Stidham says that some of the so
' ciety leaders of the city have applied for
these blinks. signed them without
, compunction and sent their children with
them to the Health Office. Ladies dre.s-.ed
in silks and bedecked with diamonds have
applied to Dr. Stidham to vaccinate their
children free of charge, asserting without
a blush that they were too poor to pay
' for the operation.
The Board of Health will take action to
prevent the abuse of the free vaccination
. privilege in future.
DR. MONTAGUE ARRIVES.
BERKELEY, July .11.— William P.
Montague of Harvard University, who
has been elected as instructor in the de
partment of philosophy in the University
of California, has arrived from the East,
and is making preparations for the work
of the coming term.
Dr. William Montague is a Harvard
man, and he is leaving the big Eastern
university to come to the Pacific Coast.
For some years he has been an instructor
under Professor William James, the psy
chologist, who visited Berkeley last year.
He is regarded by Professor James as
one of the most promising scholars among
the younger men in philosophy.
Dr. Montague was chosen by the Board
of Regents to succeed Dr. E. B. McC.il
varv. who has recently gone to Cornell
University to take charge of the chair of
philosophy there. During the absence of
Professor Harrison in Europe. Dr. Mon
tague will occupy his residence on Ban
croft way.
Will Sue for Wife's Property.
OAKLAND, July 31.— Judge Greene to
day appointed William O'Connell guardian
of the person and estate of his wife. Jo
hanna O'Connell, who was released on
parole from. Agnews Insane Asylum re
cently. The guardian's bond is fixed at
$250. It is understood to be the purpose of
the guardian to tile suit for the recovery
of property on Peralta street valued at
$5000 which Mrs. O'Connell deeded to her
niece, Miss Julia Barry, several years ago,
the deed for which, however, was not
recorded until a few days after Mrs.
O'Connell's commitment to the asylum.
There was a very bitter contest over the
appointment of the guardian and the legal
was noticeable improvement in all other
respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
edy brought about a radical cure.
The free trial treatment has saved a
great many who otherwise were doomed
to early destruction, and it was this ob-
ject which induced the institute to make
the 'offer. In all cases where the sores
have become characteristic of the disease
the. sufferer fully realizes the name and
nature of his or her affliction, but a great
many win: have Inherited the disease or
who have recently contracted it should
ask the institute for their 44-page book
describing fully the disease and also ex-
plaining the action of their new remedy
Sililide. Send your name and address to
the State Medical Institute, 14S Bass
block. Fort Wayne. Ind., and they will
forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
that will bring to the sufferer such won-
derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
joy for the Improvement shown as to ful-
ly compensate for the suffering and de-
spair that previous failure has caused.
Write to-day without fail.
battle over the property promises to be
even more Interesting.
Fraternity Robbed.
BERKELEY. July 31.— The Phi Delta
Theta. a fraternity on the corner of Du
rant avenue and Dana street, has suf
fered another loss at the hands of burg
lars. The fraternity recently lost its
chapter house by tire, and during the re
building all the furniture and personal
effects of the college men have been
stored in a barn behind the house. Two
months ago the barn was entered by a
gang of boys and completely rifled of all
the valuables removable. The goods were
recovered and the boys let off with a
caution. The caution seems to have had
no effect, however, as the same boys are
said to have stolen the identical things
again. Marshal Lloyd Is on the lookout
for the perpetrators.
A peculiar and important difference be
tween petroleum as used In Europe and
In the United States is that in the latter
the crude article is employed as it comes
from the well, while Russia and Italy
an.l other European countries use tho
refuse that is left after the lighter con
stituents of the oil have been removed by
a partial distillation. . ■-,'■?■.
Rich— Yet Starving.
Doctors frequently have very wealthy pa
tients who are starving to death. They have
money to buy food, but their stomach has not
the strength to digest it. It lies there a heavy
fermented mass, the sole cause of dyspepsia,
nervousness and biliousness. The surest rem
edy to cure a weak stomach Is Heistetter's
Stomach Bitters. It will restore vigor to the
digestive organs. Nothing is "just as good. "
See that a private revenue stamp covers the
neck of the bottle?.
s/^^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jQav^&Jfl <>-♦"> KEAB3JY ST. Established
.CaF^ 5r «s■• ''l tHti-t for the treatment of Prlvato
a Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
82-5 HEABSY NT. Established
ln I-H34 for the treatment ol Private
Plseiises, Lost Manhood Debility or
EjngMggiKWk disease wearing on bodyand mind and
____%s_&s?!% akin Diseases. I'hedoctorcnreswheii
i_*s£«&Xsl ot,ieiiull - Try him. Charges low
?^£_Kl__K-£»_\i ('nrprnzuarnnteed. Ci.llorwrlto.
Ziv. J- *'- «iIBE*>S» s*©.. 1337. San Francisco
py^ PATENTS f 3
_]jjjgf[33o MARKET ST. K?S*J*P
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jl„ Steamers leave Broadway
IBgjtw^ wharf, San Francisco:
IsSRS*-* Steamers leave Rroadway
t|C**»»i. wharf. San Kran.
KBKm*. For Alaskan ports, 1" a. m .
1 l"*&2t&&?-"<» August 4. 9. 14. 19. 2t. 29. Sep-
-1 f^M^BjjW timber 3. change at Seattle.
1 B»«£9VSsEil For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 __________Za_____H__l C). Pe.rt Townsend, Seattle.
' pKljKi'SSfjjt Tacoma, Everett. Anae-.irten
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
— 10 a m. August 4, 9. 14. 19.
i 4 29 September J, and every fifth day there-
after; change at Seattle to this company »
steamers tor Alaska an.l G. N. Ry.: at Ta-
coma to n. p. at Vancouver to C. P. **;
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 2 p. m.. August
2 : 12, 17. 22, 27, September 1, and every fifth
Hrfi^^Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucoa. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura Hueneme
Sen Pedro. East Baa Pedro (Los Angeles) an.l
NewDort 9 a. m.. August 4. S. 12, IS. 20. 24,
88, September 1. and every fourth day there-
a For ''an Diego, stopping Only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Dos Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m August 2. 6. 1". 14. 18, 22. 2«. 30. September
1 "and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Da Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing data*
and hours of sailing. -'■ .
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel.. - ■'_ •-'•-
-" POPPAS- PERKIXS & CO.. Gea. Agts..
19 Mark-t st.. San Fran.-isco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
rpoPtTXj-^isriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «I 2 First Class Including Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Claae and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails ••••■••„•
" July 27. Aug. 6, 16. 26, Sept a.
COLUMBIA sails ....Aug. 1. 11, 21. 31. Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In th» Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
x nreue E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..^^^^
~~ AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
New York.... 2 'New York.... August 23
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August IS,
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Adrla July 26 Kensington ....Aug. 19
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY, CAPE
NOME, DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
i our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further Information
apply to _
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan "treats. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
ft sailing:
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, July 2«
HONOKONO MARU Thursday. A jar 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 11
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PPtalMI S. -**- Meana sails
& __lll___] via Honolulu and
K H *" ■■^i Auckland for Sydney
™^^_^^ Wednesday. August 9.
uV^-L'^-X at 10 p. m.
m__w £3K s for 5 B!5
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Pamoa New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1 D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 327 Market St
COMPASNIS GENERALS TBANBATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _._£<»»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 ft. in. <£{£$ VS
from "Pier 42. North River, foot of _*_.?*■
Morton st. I.A TOURAINE .August : I: LA.
CHAMPAGNE, August 12; LA BRETAGNE,
August 19; LA NORMANDIE. August 26.
DA TOURAINE. Sept. 2. Flrst-class to Havre
MS and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip Second-class to Havre. MS, 10 per •cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES A>?D CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
Fl*o\7l * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. I Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAHEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
■Will leave Washington-street wharf at i a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. to.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington. street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday). „_
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer *'Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. J
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I Telephone Main 150 S. .;>.
I FARE 5*
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Snn Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until '.2 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 Montgomery street,
corner. Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
200 Hayes street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
•*.-<) McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
lf-41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o-clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. .
c7\Lli^^NlA~Ohapter No 6. HA . M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EA EN- ~j\, -
IXC, August 1, at 7:30 -.'clock. Stated ILK ;
meeting and It. A. degree. By order /V-* ;
of be H P. - „ _ I
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN I GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ■
A: Stat- meeting THIS ''""KS- -A.
HAY) KNlN'ii at 7:30 o'clock. J&jrK
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. _______ li
PACIFIC Lodge No. 138. F. and A. M., »
121 Eddy st. --Stated meeting THIS _J__ I
EVENING, at - o'clock. I_?\ :
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. /V > .
■
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. --Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ___%_,
EVENING, fit s o'clock. It _W
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /▼> j .
A. O. IL. Division No. 2— The regular«4«rfW»»
month:, meeting of this division will \_\l'. : if
be held ai Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth >«y.*
St.. on TUESDAY. August I. 1599. atc^Ciii"> .
7:30 p. m. BARTLY LEE. Pres. "s"^fc
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual -
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan- ; '■
tation Company will be held at the office j
cf the company, "27 Market st., Han Francis- I -
co. Cal.. on TI'ESDAY, the Ist day of Au- ,
gust, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for |
the purpose of electing a board of directors , "
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans- |
action '' such other business as may come ; ,
before the meeting. Transfer books will close ; '
on SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ;
ANNUAL meeting The Risdon Iron and Loco- |
motive Works— The annual meeting of the . ■
Ciders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo- , _
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the ]
ensuing year and the transaction of such | ■
other business as may be brought before the i '
meeting, will be held at the office of the com- j
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard , '
fts..' Fan Francisco, on MONDAY, the "th
day of August. 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m. • j .
L. R. MEAD. Secretary, . ,
ACCOUNTANTS.
P. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits & ; -'
adjusts accounts for rations & firms: ref. ;
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James O. Ma- '
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have ■
mcved their law offices to the Parrott build- , -
ing. 825-866 Market st. ; tel. South 215. I
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; ! 1
no fee without success; collections. G. W. i
HOWE, atty at law. 650 Market, cor. Stocktn. , *
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free; charges low; business pushed. .
L s CLARK— Emma Spreckeis building-, 927 j
Market; c, nsultation free; no fees ln advance. | .
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
■Vi". DAVIDSON. 221 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BO Wtl) AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with ! -
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor. j ]
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly flrst-class; 1711
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro- ,
pean ;>!an; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or .-.., suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
tiuite* without board, $1 per day; single rooms.
5Cc; special rates by month, also to tourists.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms; ,
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union |
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
SI'NNY home for children, near school; large
grounds: mother's care; $5 to $10 per month.
MIS.-* WILSON, 138 West Mission, near 13th.
SUTTER. 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board; ;
pretty garden; home cooking^ j
WANTED— A gentleman to share a large front
mom with a respectable young man; room _
and board $I*. _____ McAllister st. j
BOOKS— NEW AND Ol.h,
SCHOOL-BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Cc 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl6Co; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; first-class pay-
ing very best location on Hayes st. . owner ;
to leave" the city. WILKE, 906 Market st. '
A— s3so; BAKERY in lively country town, close
to the city: rent }2->; daily sales, $20; all cash
store trade; full value in sight. Call R. G. •
WILKE. 906 Market st ; -
A— s6so; SALOON: elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average -
business of $15 per day; card rooms: 'ash 3
register: safe; line oil paintings, located
close to Palace •'•;. rent $50; lease. Call -
R. G. WILKE. 9.-6 Market St. -
DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice; sa- -
loon with mercantile lunch; established years; -
rent low; clearing above $150 per month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars of R. G. j ;
WILKE. 906 Market st. '
$4,-,O_saLOON; best location on City front; sell- "
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKE
A CO., 906 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
A— $1100; [OPHOUSE and coffee saloon in -
wholes distrie;t: established years; clearing
above $150 per nth; only cause of sale dis- (
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market.
".'ANTED A partner to act as t,reas- \ '.
urer in a vaudeville show- under circus can-
vas; will guarantee profits to investor $300 .
per month. Call WILKIE & CO.. 906 Market, ;
$175— [GAR stand; bargain this day; depart- .
ure cause of sale. Mclaughlin & CO.. ;
7774 Market St.
$500— PARTNER wanted In mfg. bus.: Gov. "
trade. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777% Market.
$500 PARTNER wanted In manufacturing busi- ',
ness. See Mclaughlin & CO., 777% Mar-
•ft st. -
$1600— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosper-
ous country town near city: owner has had .
business 20 years; retires on account of old ' i
age. Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st. ;
$300— FRUIT store, doing splendid business. ' <
with good horse and wagon; owner compelled
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH- «
LIN A CO.. 777% Market St.
$700— LODGING house, 14 rooms; well furnished; -
excellent location; steady roomers- Al tran- '
sient trade; investigate. LESS A. CO., 765 Mkt.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living
rooms; excellent location; well-established;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
Investigate. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$150— COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo's nev/
b'.dg; ol<i estab; must be sold to-day; sickness
cause ot sale. M. LESS A CO., 765 Market. -
KICEI" ' * CO 22% GEARY ST. *
Investigate at our office.
$4000— ere; daily receipts $50.
$1500— Millinery: Invoice $300-0; $13,000 yearly.
$2000— Home bakery; exchange lor lodging-
house.
$170.')— Saloon: best on Market; $40 daily.
$4000 — Candy manufacturing and ice-cream .
parlor. j
$l(X-0 — Candy and ice-cream parlor: Market st.
$750— Partner, large- express and transfer com-
pany.
$200 — Cigar stand near Market; $10 daily.
— CANDY, soda and Ice-cream parlors In
good country town. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt ■
«Ii*O— MEAT market; established for years;
clearing *'' month. DECKER. 1020 Market.
I HAVE a list of good-pH>:ng grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, :.•• i, .uses, restaurants, , .
hotels, merchandise, etc.; sold and exchanged. I
Call nnl see my list. EITEL, 100';% Market. 1
COAL, wood and express business clearing $150 1 .
month; established 12 years; retiring cause j
of sale. W. B. DENNISON. 783% Market st. j
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap- 1
ply W. B. DENNISON. 753% Market st. !
t.i I *. 000- TWO free gold quartz claims; ledge 20 j
to 24 feet wide. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
A BONANZA from the grass roots; partner 1
wanted, with small capital, to work sluice '
claim: will pay $20 a shovel; money to be ex-
pended by Investor in ditch and sluices. M. '
RUSSELL, Golden West Hotel.
' -...,.-!!'!•: house in a paying locality, ex- 1
ohange tor Oakland, Alameda or San Fran-
cisco property; $4500. Rm. 2. 1007% Market st.
WANTED— In florist store, doing good
business, old established trade; or will sell, j
Address box 1099, Call, j. !
$500 — PARTNER wanted, good house. 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1013, Call.
BLACKSMITH shop, building, tools: country; '
clearing $200 month: cheap. MRS. E.. 355 '
Fifth st.
MILLINERY store; nice location; good busi-
ness: reasonable. 1034 Valencia St.
WANTED— By barber, one or two chair shop
In country town. Box 1091, CalL
A CATHOLIC book store for sale; exchange for
property. Hex 1557. Call office.
FOR SALE— Lark saloon, II Seventh st. Odd
Fellows' building; make offer.
BARBER shop for sale; three living rooms. I
313 Fifth Et. I
GOOD barber shop for sale. Inquire 14% Mont- |
gomery aye. 1
BUSINESS CHANCES—
RESTAURANT; bargain; must be sold;
30 miles from San Francisco; best town ln
State; selling account of partner; make offer.
Box 1466, Call offlce.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; bargain; owner
has other business; Investigate. 130 Eighth.
HALF interest in an established paying ho-
tel; price $1600. 1007% Market, nr. 6th. r. 2.
BARGAIN— S2OO; saloon. neatly furnished;
splendid opportunity; nr. R. R. depot. 636 3d.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock; investigate; bargain. Box 4891, CalL
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for rlzht man. 1135 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1479, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply 627 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont, city; own-rs wishing tee retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
$350 WILL buy a roadside house, with lease of
large lot; rent, $10 a month: 10 rooms, with
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house; car-
riage sheds: 45 minutes' from Kearny st.
Particulars W. WAINWRIGHT. 126 O'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney. j
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busl- :
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st. |
MINER with some capital would like to have j
position and interest In placer or quartz mine.
Box 925. Call office.
FAMILY boarding-house: steady hoarders; 11
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.Dox 71. Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250: splendid lo-
cality: cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from CEO
W. CASWELL ft CO.'S 415 Sacramento c t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TEAMING business can be had for price of
teams: steady work. Box 1018. Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-257 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
.1 m -QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; t-1. Jessie 944.
J. v. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
X*. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets craned. 3c yd. ; tel. Mint 34-"
CONKLiN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden ;
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and ;
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure I
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offlce and factory. 21 Spear st. .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESS! VAL.
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium has arrived in San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market st. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
Do you wish to know facts you should
know? If you will succeed ln your under-
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If
..■air domestic troubles will soon end? If you
will obtain your ambition? If you are loved? |
If you will succeed in your love affairs" I:
sick, will you be cured? If past troubles
will torment you? If you are lucky in spec-
ulations? Do you wish information you ought
to have concerning your ruture? Does an- ;
other share the love and attention that should :
belong to you
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success in All Cases.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL,
No. 1130— Market St.— No. 1130.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; cures diseases by sympathy; I
never fails; has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; tells by mag- ;
netic cards; shows picture of future husband :
or wife; gives lucky numbers; advice in all <
speculation, love and legal affairs; any one
consulting the madame will be convinced that
she Is no sham; tips on races; prices 25c and
up. Come and you will be surprised. 910 How-
ard St.. near Fifth. i
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second j
sight; diagnosis disease; full life readings; 1
ladies, 50c; gents, $1: sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
ARRIVED*^ The king of all mediums. Profes- i
sor Haley; tells your life from cradle to!
grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St., parlors 3-5. i
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist, past,
present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 12. ,
MRS ISABEL CASTEEL, clairvoyant and life !
reader; ladles 25, gents 50c. 873% Mkt.. r. 12. |
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, i
palmist and planets 28 Sixth <*... rooms 2-3. j
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. ' 73 Fourth St.. near Mission. \
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards: satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant, '
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 23c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CONSULT on matters of business, health ami
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25__la____9140|FaTreI^^
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones sts.— Cottage. 5 rooms, $10.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large basement,
yard. 919 <*app St.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenlnes and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates, thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth tt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
V. 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
floe hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3:, received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. ________
MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt: crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open evenings. 850 Market st.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., San
Francisco Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter f.-r any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., S. F.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses ln all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
A— HOPF'S Hinging, Piano School; summer
rates %; French. Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
ST G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
ln shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Fills system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, archl.; day and eve;
est. 1864. VAN PEE NAILLEN. 933 Market.
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
50c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalist's. 1209 Octavla.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory ln
Lei., sic. lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
THE Studio. 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet. English and German. 60c lesson.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FemaIe.
I FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best local references; city or country. Apply
MISS D. Cl LLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120 . ■ ;. •...' : :
FIRST-GLASS American cook desires situation;
understands ail branches of cooking; city or ,
I country; best of reference. MISS D. CL*L- j
LEX. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation; ,
j good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place; city or country- MISS D. . CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
good cook and housekeeper; 2% years last
place: city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
' Sutter.
i NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
! houseworker or second girl; best of reference.
MISS D. CULLEN, 2:'.*, Sutter st.
yOUNG lady wishes a position as housekeeper.
I Call at 719* Market St.. room 23.
GIRL desires to do upstairs work in family
without children. Address box 1098, Call.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at gen-
eral housework. Apply 271 Clementina st.,
off Fourth.
COMPETENT elderly woman wants place to
do housework: fond of children; small sal-
ary; city preferred. 143 A Natoma st.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation as
cook or do light washing; no postals. Apply
1326 California st.
GERMAN woman raised ln America wishes a
situation to do housework; is a good cook; ;
wages from $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard st.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to j
do at home. S2l Mission St., room 1.
i EASTERN woman wishes position as manag- I
ing housekeeper or as agent for wholesale j
: house: City or country; no objection to travel-
Ing. 310 Mason st., first floor. -
STRONG reliable girl desires a position at j
i general housework and cooking; city or Oak-
! land, call 221 Hickory aye., near Octavla st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman with little
girl 2 years old wants place to cook; small
' wages. 839 Mission St., room 2.
WANTED— By competent woman as working I
housekeeper; Is good cook an.l manager of 1
place In country; has best references. 350 San
Carlos aye. I
GERMAN girl wishes situation at general 1
housework; references. 3491 C Nineteenth St.,
I near Valencia.
I SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework in private family; Is a
good cook: wages J2O and $2*.; city or country. ;
Call at 1375 Fifteenth St., Oakland.
LADY wishes position as chambermaid in j
country or city hotel. Box 1478. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house- j
keeper; reference lf required. Address 874 ,
Mission st.
WANTED— By hospital trained nurse, care 'if
Invalid, or will give mast-age treatment. Ad-
dress M., 527% l.ireh aye.
- WANTED— Situation as first-class cook or
housekeeper; has girl 3% years. E. BROWN,
Winchester House, room 73.
■ A LADY would like a situation ln American
family at light housework; home more of an
object than wages; city preferred. Box 1012, j
Call office.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
, WANTED— Care of infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4930. Call office^
! WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 2-".c to $1 7,0 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and bngy.ige to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 31 ale.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
•phone Red 3211. 315 Stockton st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
SITUATION by young German In wholesale
house or offlce; wages immaterial; not afraid
of work. Bo* 904, Call. _
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the ear.- of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1096. Call.
ENGINEER 'wishes position; all-around good
mechanic; used to any kind of engine, also
electrical machinery; young; has flrst-class
references. Box 1095, Call.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly
understands care of horses, carriage's, garden;
good driver; thoroughly competent. Box 1452.
Call.
POSITION as tinner In city or country or ln
cannery; flrst-class workman. Box 1093. CalL
YOUTH. 19 desires engagement as clerk or as-
sistant electrician; best references. Box
1092. Call.
WANTED— or house cleaning, wall
paper cleaned or other work; have eight
hours every day to spare. ANDERSEN, 952 .
Bush st.: telephone East 9C3.
AN Industrious young man just from the
Philippines, with an excellent discharge from 1
the army, would like a position as night i
watchman or driver for private party or phy- ;
sician; please state salary. Addres Jo, box
1090, Call office.
SITUATION by voting man taking care horses,
cows, garden; good driver; handy with tools.
Box 1089. Call office.
MINING— Young man, 24, desires engagement
with gold mining company or mine owner as
amalgamator; understands office and under-
ground work; best references. Apply box
1013. Call. •
BARBERS Young man, 2 years' experience,
desires steady position. Address MR. FOW-
LER. 21 Wildey st.
CIVIL engineer, competent In field or office,
wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
bartender or porter; references. Box 1468. Call.
GERMAN bartender, 3 years' experience. 21
years old, reference, wants steady situation;
city or country. Address H. P.. box 1,".4. Call.
exchange:
ALL TOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
50 houses and lots, from $500 to $20.
30 in Oak'ld. Alameda. Berkeley; $50 to. 50.000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... 10,000
45 hotels, rooming, boarding houses; $200 6,000
"4 stores, saloon, business places; $100 to 4.000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS
OF PROPERTY— WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
~ _ EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071% Market St., San Francisco, CaL;
glasses fitted by mall. - •"--
FLATS , ro LET.
A M. SPECK & CO., 867 MARKET PT. "
810 Fell, 8 r $40 523 Linden ave.,4rsll
979 Post. 8 r 37 50 418 Fulton, 3 r.... 9
j 1720 Page, 6 r 26 2028 Golden Gate,3r 8
i 794 Lyon, 6 r 25 1057 Golden Gate,4r 10
1913" Devisadero, 6r 21 j 19 Erkson Ct..4 rll
'. 1225 Hayes, 5 r.... 20 ' 820 Buchanan, 3 r 8
1 431 4th aye.. 6 r.. 16 2085 Ellis, 3 r 8
913 Buchanan. .', r 15 39 Locust ave..3r 750
A. M SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
637 California, 30 rooms $150
209 Grant aye., 19 rooms ion
242 Post, 14 rooms 73
I 323 Ellis, 12 rooms 60
919 Geary, 10 rooms 50
259 Turk. 7 rooms 43
BE. cor. Washington and Mason, 12 rms.. 45
1010 Leavenworth. 9 rooms 45
808 Fell, 8 rooms 40
A NICE sunny upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. 30
Moss st., nr. 7th; key cor. Howard and Moss.
FILLMORE. 2216%— Elegant docorated flat, 5
rooms, bath and yard; reduced rent; $20.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; bath; all modern
improvements; yard; cellar; sun all day. lIS
Webster st.. nr. Halght.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. -''■!___
FOR RENT— A nice clean upper flat, 5 rooms
and bath, 113% Fillmore st.; also a nice flat
at 103 Germanla St., near Fillmore.
FULTON, 146-Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. '
LEAVENWORTH. 1619— Flat. 6 rooms, bath,
gas; modern improvements; rent $15.
SCOTT. 2031. cor. Sacramento— slB, 7 rooms,
bath. J.-H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery st.
SUNNY flat. 8 rooms; also house 15 rooms, cor-
ner; moderate. Apply 542 Haight st.
THIRD. 417%— front suites; modern Improve-
ments; 8 rms.; hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
UPPER' flat, 6 sunny rooms and bath; rent
low. 410% Thirteenth st.
UPPER flat. 5 nice airy rooms: rent reasona- j
ble. 1176 Harrison St., bet. 7th and Bth. J
VALLEJO. 1369— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye., $21.
2 NICE unfurnished flats, 4 rooms each; water
free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bush st.
$9— LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$10— A SUNNY flat of 6 rooms. 1017 Bryant
street.
$13 50—297 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat, 6 rooms,
bath, gas, nice yard.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
I'nited States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ________
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
GROVE, 818, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat, six rooms,
piano, garden, stable lf •'— dred: references.
FURNISHED and unfurnished flats of 6 and 7
rooms: references. Apply 1131 McAllister st.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond st. ; rent HO. 111.
FURNITURE. FOR SALE.
MUST be sold on account of sickness; small '
rooming house; $40 over rent, or will exchange
for lots; no agents. Box 1005, Call of Oca.
TAPESTRY. Brusselr carpets, laid and lined.
DOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mark?t.
HELP AVANTED FemaIe.
NURSE, $20, must speak French; also city, $20;
nurse, Oakland $20; German second girl. $20.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house. $30 and $15,
across the bay; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; 6
second girls. $15, city; second girls, country.
$25 per month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
MAN and wife to cook and do dining room
work, $50 to $55 per month, country. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH nurse, 1 boy 8 years old, $20, city;
French nurse, country, $20 ; nurse, Oakland,
$20; German second girl. MISS D. CL'LLEN.
325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED colored girl, housework, $25
per month, city. MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. Telephone Grant 12".
WAITRESS, private boarding-house, $20. Oak-
land; 3 waitresses, $20 and $25 per month; 4
waitresses, restaurant, $5 and $6 per week.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20 per month; country, $15.
MISS D CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN governess. $20 per month. MISS D.
('ELLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— German nurse for 2-year-old child.
$25; 10 German cooks. $25 anil $30; 2 wait-
resses, private boarding he.uses, $2"; cook and
second girl, same house. $25 and $20, first-
class place; fancy Ironer, $30; German sec-
ond girl, $20; cook, boarding house. $25; cook,
country, 2 in family. $30: 3 waitresses, res-
taurant, $5 and $6 a week; German working
housekeeper, $25; 2 girls for housework, Ala-
meda. $25; 2 Scandinavian laundresses, $30; 3
laundresses, country laundry. $25; 40 girls
for housework in city. $20 and $25; 100 young
girls. $12 and $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT ;
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Assistant lady clerk for this office; j
must speak at least one foreign language. See I
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St. ]
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
Head waitress and six girls for first-class
commercial hotel, country, see party here; \
waitresses for Fresno, Healdsburg. Woodland. ,
Dunsmuir (see party here). Hanford, Stock- j
ton. Porterville. Mill Valley. Ross Valley.
Madera, fare paid. $20 and $25; head waitress,
city, $25: 3 waitresses. $20; 4 chambermaids |
to wait. $20: 2 women cooks, $30; fancy Ironer, I
$30 and found.
Competent cooks and housegirls. city and I
country, $15 to $30; 2 nurse girls, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ________
COOK, Berkeley, $35, see party here; second
girl, country. $18; 3 second girls, city, $20;
seamstress, Institution, $20; German nurse
girl, one child, $25. must be willing to travel;
German nurse girl, $20; nurse, $23; housegirl.
3 in family, $25; cook, $30; 25 housegirls. $25
and $20; ranch cook, $20. MRS. NORTON,
$13 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to cook on ranch. $20;
waitress, hotel mining town, $20. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— An active and reliable girl for gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; references
required; small family. Apply 1301 E. Six-
teenth st., Fruitvale. near Twenty-fifth aye.,
or at 130 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— 2 women to cook and wait ln cof-
fee and lunch house; must understand the
business and have first-class references. 126
O'Farrell st.
FINISHERS on coats; must understand mak-
ing buttonholes and operating; 12 and 1. 251
Eighth st., Oakland.
GOOD German girl, general housework: good
wages; small family. Apply 933 Haight St..
bet, Devisadero and Broderick.
EXPERIENCED finisher wanted on pants.
564% Howard st, room 3. /
2 EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
on boys' knee pants; good pay. 1034 Folsom.
WANTED— lady barbers: wages. SW. cor.
Lombard and Baker sts.. Presidio.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3
in family. 2211 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework
and care of children; wages $10. Call 1651
Twelfth aye. south.
GIRL to assist with housework. 17 A Columbia
square. Sixth and Seventh, Folsom and Har-
rison Sts. .£:
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist In cooking In
small boarding house. 330 Main St.
GIRL to assist with housework; references.
Apply 2422% Bush st. >
WANTED lady to assist ln house-
work. 1422 Grove sC
GIRL to assist in the care of two little girls.
2217 Octavla st. ; $10.
YOENG woman wanted to help with cooking. |
Apply G. DIRECTORY. Central aye. and !
Waller st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny St., room 20. .
GIRL wanted for housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 1515 Devisadero st.
WANTED— to assist In housework: wages
$8 to $10. 2721 I_aguna St., near Green.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1424 v!
Jackson st. .. j
WANTED— GirI about 15, assist with baby and ;
light housework. 129 Olive aye.. Van Ness.
TAILORESS wanted on flne custom coats. 425
Natoma St. I
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to do light j
housework. 871 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
796 Sutter sL
WANTED— Strong, competent girl that under- |
stands German cooking and housework. 317
Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED buttonhole makers on custom
vests. 339 Fifth St. :.''■■:-■'■:*
WANTED— A steady girl for general house-
work; small family. 1241 Eddy st.
FINISHER on gents' custom work. 1036 How-
ard St.; good salary. i
GOOD finisher, buttonhole maker on custom j
coats. 466 Clementina St.
GIRL general housework: plain cooking: small
family; no washing. 2332 Pine, near Steiner. 1
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply 567 Geary st.
Wanted- Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework: small family;
references. 730 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats. 927
Market St., room 623.
FAT ladles wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Halght st.
GIRL for general housework. 344S Twen-
tieth st
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken.' LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
HELP "WANTED FemaIe. W,
100 GIRLS to reel fruit at Overland Packing
Co., 11 Harrison St., near Steuart.
GERMAN girl to assist in chamberwork and
mending; sleep home; wages $10. Apply 2513
Sacramento st.
RELIABLE girl, general housework, good plain
cook, $12. 2510 Pine st.
WANTED-200 WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., corner Seventh
and Berry sta
WOMEN and girls Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan st.. between Third and Fourth.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32% Fremont st.
WANTED— German girl for housework In
small family: sleep home. Call at 133 Beu-
lah St.. near Stanyan.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
HELP WANTED Male.
MAN and wife, take charge of small boarding
house, $30 per month; across bay. MISS D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BELLBOY. $10 per month. MISS D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MURRAY' & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want 3289 men to-day from 7 a. m
wages from $95 to $15 and found
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26 and $25 and
found
27 milkers, different places. .$3O, $25 and found
16 chore men and boys for ranches $26, $25,
$20. $15, $10 and $8 and found, good, steady
Jobs
COACHMEN AND GARDENERS
26 hay and harvest field hands, $2, $1 60, $1 25
day
..PUBLIC WORK AND CONSTRUCTION..
12 teamsters, four horses $51
gardener and wife $40
milker and wife $3 day
tunnel, hammer and header men $3 day
BOY'S FOR FACTORIES. BAKERIES.
STORES, ETC.
STABLEMEN, CARPENTERS, ETC
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs
$35, $30, $25 and found
3 bridge carpenters $45 and found
.... BLACKSMITHS— MACHINE BLACK-. . . .
SMITHS
15 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers for
city and country, $2 50, $2 day, $60, $50, $4.".,
$40, $30 and found; 2 machine blacksmiths,
fare 60c, $3 day
ENGINEERS AND HAY BALERS
2 engineers, hoisting engines, fare 60c, $3
day ..,
$3 00 day 14 hay balers $3 50 day
IN' SAN FRANCISCO
20 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses, $40 and $26 and
found
19 laborers, $2, $1 75 day. $30 and $26 and
found
can washer young milk wagon driver
I hundreds of woodchoppers tiemakers
Tare paid
20 boys to pick fruits $15 and found
12 laborers ln San Mateo County
$26 and found
....FOR ALL PARTS OF. CALIFORNIA....
196 laborers (no experience required). $3, $2 60,
$2, $1 75 day. $57. $45, $40, $30. $26 and found
WE WANT HELP FOR OREGON. WASH-
INGTON. ARIZONA, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
AND BRITISH COLUMBIA.
12 laborers, factory manufacturing compan-
ies, city and country
$175 day and $26 and found
2 deckhands $45 and found
laborers, street-car companies
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
155 men for 35 sawmill companies
laborers, no experience required
$26 to $40 and found
also 95 men for every class of woods and
sawmill help, $75, $70, $65, $60. $50. $45, $40.
$30 and found; also mill bench-hand, car-
penters, setters, bench-hand, eiaehine. and
boys for planing mills In city and country,
$3 day to $6 week.
LUMBER PILERS. ETC
WE PAY* YOUR FARES.
MURRAY* & READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES 21 MINES GOOD MINES
193 LABORERS, etc., (no experience) WANT-
ED. Anybody will suit. $57 per month, board
and lodging; steady job year around
6 coal miners, $52 and found; 2 silver miners.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP You FREE TO 777777
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILROADS HUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD) DRILLERS. HEAD-
ERMEN, SPIKERS. SECTION HANDS,
MUCKERS, LABORERS. TEAMSTERS,
ETC. WAGES from $3 DAY*. WE SHIP
YOU FREE
BOARD and LODGING, ONLY' $4 50 week
MURRAY* & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS 7 A ITERS DISHWASHERS.
19 cooks, come and see, $55, $50, $40, $30, $25
and found
25 dishwashers $25. $20. $15 and found
18 waiters $30. $25, $20 and found
...PORTERS PANTRYMEN. JANITORS...
BOYS AND MEN TO LEARN TO WAIT AT
TABLE, BEDMAKERS, ETC. MURRAY &
READY', 634 and 636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS LAUNDRY" HELP
washer hand, laundry, $35 and found, coun-
try Job
polisher and help starch, $30 and found,
country Job
6 butchers, shops and institutions, $35, $30
and found; 5 bakers and helpers, call early,
good wages
SHOEMAKERS.. WAGON DRIVERS..
ETC. MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636
Clay st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 Stockton St.— Butler,
$40: gardener, $30; cook, plain hotel, country,
$40; waiters, city and country, $25 to $40;
dishwashers, $15 to $30; porter, restaurant,
$25; washer, hotel, $20; laboring men, etc.
WANTED man to work In garden; $15;
see party 11 o'clock. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter.
PORTER, $20: dishwasher, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery* st., room 12.
WANTED— Steady man to deliver goods and
, collect In light outdoor worK; must be satis-
fled with $12 per week and have $75 cash.
1032 Market st., room 4.
EXPERIENCED brass molder for light work.
• Apply superintendent THOMAS DAY' COM-
PANY', 725 Mission St.
ERRAND boy wanted; steady work. 641%
Stevenson st. 'iC-y. ■-'■
FEEDER on platen press; steady Job. 109 Cal-
ifornia st.
THREE live salesmen; good pay. 800 Post st.
WANTED— salesman familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business; give age. refer-
ences and wages expected. Box 1094, Call.
WANTED — German boy In confectionery. 1503
Geary st.
WANTED— steady work. 2604 Sutter
street.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 17 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stockton st.
BARBER wanted. 763 Mission st.
WANTED— Good experienced man for liquor
store, with reference. 235 Third st.
WANTED— Second cook at restaurant. 1119
Market st . ; wages $7 a week. -
WANTED— Coatmakers to work inside. 927
Market St., room 623. 
LIGHT porter for drug store. Address box
905, Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.
GOOD wheelwright wanted. 630 Broadway.
BUSHELMAN wanted at 2835 Greenwich st.,
near Presidio. M. R. GOLDBERG & CO.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman on military work.
Apply cor. Greenwich and Baker sts.
ALL-ROUND laundryman who understands
boiler and engine. Vacaville Steam Laundry,
Vacaville.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
BOY with some experience In jewelry business.
4„ Sixth st.
WANTED— Oood plain workingman, doing all-
around work ln business house; married Ger-
man or Frenchman preferred : wages $10 a
week: no board. Box 1016, Call.
WANTED— A steady, reliable, experienced por-
ter for restaurant; only one with good refer-
ences need apply. 11l Larkin st.
BOYS, 12 to 16 years of age. Glass Works, cor.
Seventh and Townsend sts.
HELP WANTED —
C. R. HANSEN ACO . .PHONE GRANT ISS
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS
Free fare and fee for teamsters, laborers
and tunnelmen for the coast and Y'alley
railroads; 2 stonemasons, railroad work; camp
cook, $45; camp waiter, $25.
10 teamsters for the mountain railroad, see
boss here, part free fare.
50 woodsmen, ■ for Southern Oregon, fare
paid, choppers, fellers, crosscutters, sawyers^
chain tenders, barkers, roadmakers, etc., $2 75
a day, board $4 50 a week, see boss here;
4 men to lay dry stone, city, $2 a day; 7
laborers, near city, $2 a day; 3 carpenters,
$3 a day: blacksmith, $45 and found: black-
smith, ranch. $40; helper. $30; helper, city,
$35 and found: gardener, $25 and found.
Cook and wife, small hotel. $50 and found:
butcher, $40; 3 cooks, $7. $S, $10 a week;
vegetableman. hotel, $30 ami found: third
cook, make waffles, etc., hotel, $40 and
found.
Waiter, hotel, $40; 2 Italian restaurant
waiters, $40 and found: waiter, $7 a week,
$35. $30; lunch waiter, $4 a week and room;
man and wife to run a small boarding house,
$30 and found: porter, $4 a week and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1"4 Geary st.
KITCHEN and house steward. $60 to $75. for a
country hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Gang edgerman, $3 day; 20 laborers
for cannery. $1 25 day; 75 laborers for mines,
quarries, railroads and other work. $1 75. $2
and $2 75 day; laborers for city, $45 and board;
miners, $2 60 day; blacksmith, $40 and board;
bey for coal yard; stableman, $45; farmers,
butter makers and many others for different
kinds of work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. „.
WANTED— and wife, $50: butler, $40-; 3
elevator boys, $4 week and $10 and found;
cooks, country hotels, $30 and $35; waiters,
city and country. $30 and $7 week; dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED
Driver for milk route in city, references re-
quired, flrst-class place; hostler for city livery
stable, $45: 5 miners, $2 25 per day; « laborers i
for mine. $2 per day: 4 men to handle freight j
on steamers on this bay. no experience re- ;
quired. $45 per month and found: man for
breaking barn on stock farm near city, $20
and board; also 150 farmers: laborers for
brick yard near city, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tie makers, etc. : cook, hotel, near
city, $50; second cook for mine, $35; cook,
small country hotel, $3."; and others. Notice—
This is the only employment offle-e that guar-
antees every position. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Calendar salesman, experienced,
for our complete, extensive line of Imported
calendars, banners, panels, etc., for adver-
tising purposes. Address, stating experience,
with references. AUG. (JAST BANK NOTE
& LITHO CO., St. Louis. Mo.
I WANTED— Good cake baker, $40 a month,
board and lodging. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop: 4 rooms ln
back: .-heap rent; $50. DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st.
CUSTOM tailor cutter for busy place; middle
to good grade of work: good pay; short hours;
steady employment; middle-aged man with
California experience. Box 7249, Call office,
until August 5.
WANTED— Co-workers, either sex. every-
where; nicest home work ever offered: $12 per
week salary; literature and explanations. 2c.
Address THE NON-MEDICINE CURE
CLUB, lock box 802, Los Angeles, CaL
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearlr new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— A flrst-class cabinetmaker. FINK
& SCHINDLER. 1309 Market.
WANTED— men and 4 strong boys. 376 San
Jose aye.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; .half-soled while waiting. 35c to
60c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal arc: call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED- Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: beard. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
lng, 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 ' Davis St.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving in students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
__» . — — ■
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HORSES*. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
HORSES— anybody want horses IS hands
high and 2 feet across the back? Attend the
auction Thursday, August 3, 11 a. m., at
CHASE & MENDENHALL'S. cor. Van Ness
aye. and Market st. W. P. McCORD.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
' 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken cad, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killlp & Co., salesyard. 1732 Market.
FINE black carriage team, well matched, 8
years old. 16% hands. 807 Hyde st.
1 CAR small mules. 1 car large mulee, at the
Canty Ranch. Grayson, Cal. .
FANCY* carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES LODGING — For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPT. FIFTH.
12-room house; large yard; downtown $400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.: $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms; all
rented. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
6 ROOMS, new furnished flat; $150, halt cash,
balance '$5 monthly.
32 rooms; % block of Market; $100 a month
rent: $1100, half cash, balance easy terms.
14 rooms; $45 rent: very central: one of the
best paying. Inquire 252 O'Farrell st.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new buyers dally.
20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE, 3 Eddy st. ...
$.".0"' SNAP— house; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent .$4O month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
21-ROOM lodging house; owner must sell: make
offer. Room 2. 1007% Market St.. nr. Sixth.
FOR sale— Th? business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated ln the center
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy. Cal.
$750— HOUSE, 17 rms., nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled: estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CORNER house, 6 rooms, bath; marine view;
Interior decorations; $30." 2333 Leavenworth.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3356 Twenty-first st. ; key next door.
$45— HOUSE, 8 rooms, high ceilings; large yard
and basement. 1615 Bush St.. near Franklin.
LOST AND I'OLYU.
KNIGHT TEMPLAR charm, between Third
and Market and Grand Opera-house; name
engraved on same, also number of lodges.
Please leave at 16 Third St.; receive reward.
LOST-Large brindle Great Dane dog, close-
. cropped ears. Telephone Main 1603. or return
to National Laundry. 472 Geary St. Reward.
LOST-Gentleman's Elgin gold watch, with
fob; owners name engraved inside back cov-
er: liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
— e__e— e______________»^_^ __- ______________________________ m
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to » p. m.
_.ir_. __»«»_. al. k - , ....
A TREATMENT that never falls to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and' sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladles' physician of
lon* and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.,
bet Mason and Taylor. Offlce hours 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m.: Sundays 9 to 4. :
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
' diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find in her a true friend; a home for patient,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home, consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, to. no in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GW ER 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hour*.
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): safe an.i sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments i::ed; cure <_ or-
flce, $5; home In confinement; skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post sL. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours, 10 to 5 and . to s
p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m. _
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women.
f.O years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind svmr_.thy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc, bal les adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent: call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St..
pills, $1; very strong, $2. '■
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician; never
foils to cure: consult him first, save time and
» money; treatment can be used at home: con-
sultation free; call or write. 1023% Market st.
LADIES! — Chichester's Fnglish Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable: take no
other; send 4c stamps for partic lars. "Relief
for Ladies," in letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phllada.. Pa.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home;
no Instruments ; consultation free, confidential ;
home treatment. ss. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason st —
Private home ln confinement; ladles' friend
In trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
Dl PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home ln confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Fols"m.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;so up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. ■ 115 Mason st.
—cc— ■
~ MINING AND ASSAYING.
1 WISH to buy Central Eureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY, 530 California st.
■
1
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
PURE distilled water Ice. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463, Consumers'
Ice Co., 420 Eighth st, S. F.
PUG dogs for sale cheap, at 282% Natoma st.
MRS. ARMSTRONG.
FINE Jersey cow for 6ale. 1625 San Bruno
road.
FINE large modern double-door safe cheap.
14 Fifth st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FINE latest style sealskin for $90, worth $150;
also a beautiful Marquise diamond and emer-
ald ring for $70: cost originally, $140. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new- cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st.
1 3-h p. Golden Gate gas engine: perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
A FINE gymnast net. 20x40. 436 Geary st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
10 HORSEPOWER gas engine, $200; running.
2400 Geary st.
FINE suit. $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full Una
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden: cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
Iron; wood planers. 12 In. and 24 in.; hydrau-
lic pump; 2d. 3 BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Four fox terriers; reasonable; pups
two weeks old. Address, stating price, box
1020, Call.
SECOND hand 13x19 jobber; must be bargain.
Box 3344. Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
•-
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abovs
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY' amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain l'beral advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bid?., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 603 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. - DRY'DEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for it
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ; - >..•■:,
AV-SOLUTKLY' the ' oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; tefms easy: prices lowest, every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
I customer.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS! Bargains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms, 1710 Market st., and see another lot
good Standard uprights; very cheap for cash.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style, MAUVAIS'., 769 Market.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano offered to-
day. $95. Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post »CMUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
iA BARGAIN — Steinway - upright cheap.
SCHMITZ.* 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
,\7LSSS; UPRIGHT piano in tine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. . 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bfos.' plenos. 216 McAllister st.
A.— UPRIGHTS, $83 up; Installments, $5 75 up; i
rents, 52 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
.Post st. ■ :
Wi G. GER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon anel Hailett .'i Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER •<- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
7~ WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. '
1-" ;-.i_rcs. in wranper. for i ■■'•■c $1 per year.
"'/OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
ASHTON Y&I GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st. !
$60—105 Taylor st.
$50^455 Valencia st.. earner Sixteenth.
$35— sr.'.i Mission St.. near Fifth.
$20— ..2 Montgomery aye.
$22 50— S3« toward st., near Fifth.
$17-256 First st.
$20-354 Fourth st.
$25—111." Ha'rrisbn st . corner Langton.
EMM Al SPRECKELS 1 BLDO., 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Lie'-t he.it. Janitor and telephone Included,
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
ORNER store: fixtures for grocery and bar-
room: 4 rooms and stable; Twenty-fourth and
Sanchez sts.: rent cheap to good party. Ad-
dress $900 Twenty-fourth St. ■;■'...
N old established barber shop; 4 rooms, I
chairs, fixtures: complete; rent cheap. Ad-
dress 1105 ward st.
ROCERY corner. 217 Ninth st. ; 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Markat; rent low. . Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Pnrrott building.
rORE. with living rooms, suitable for delica-
cies, bakery; prominent corner. 1346 Valencia.
ARGE corner store for rent cheap. Apply for
particulars at 605 Natoma st. • •
EW laree sunny corner store; 3 dwelling
rooms: $15. 543 Natoma st.
N'.."ELY furnished front suites suitable for
doctor or dentist, 820 to 835, 121 Powell st.
HEAPEST and best ln America- Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address ln the
United St. -it as. postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARlS7"f^ir^^ount~Str7Ger^
. main. 61fi Geary st.. above Jones; classes;
offlce hours. 1 to *. p. m. : reading: by mail. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— partner, man understanding
manufacturing of ladles' wear, such as skirts,
waists, etc., to go in partnership with man
furnishing capital: only first-class artists
need apply; reference required. Address box
.(•?7, Call offlce.
PERSONALS.
CLYDE LIFFORD will please call* and re-
ceive Information; any one knowing his
whereabouts would confer a favor on him
by sending word to CHARLES MONTGOM-
ERY. Brooklyn Hotel. S. F.
AN Englishman Is desirous to correspond with
.1 genial lady, ot" mature, l age: object,
matrimony. A. hires- G. L. GORWYN, El
Reno, Oklahoma Tj\
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA has the name of
being the only reliable hair tonic on the mar-
ket: 35c bottle. T23 Stockton st. j
LEDERER'S hairdressing parlors still growing
in popularity: 25c only; see the great display
of switches in his window; $1 switches only
75c. this week only. 133 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. 1167 Market.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel. ■
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
prom O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. '
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post st.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dresa goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate- aye.;
separate Ward for contagious diseases.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
$25c to $1 " per night; $1 50 to $6 rer week;
I free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
,:KK bamboo furniture below cost to or-
ler. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter St. - j
PKR week for lady's suit, -Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 13.6 Stockton St.. pear Broadway.
LIFE Insurance policies bought .'or cash. Vf.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
—LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
UPTURE. stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gcrdin.i.l4 Pine, ab. Krny.
\ La lies' or cent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 957. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
TITS to order on easy 1 taliments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId cold for mnnufacng. O. Nolte,
Je-n-eler. _4- O* Farrell. bet Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1 1 21';. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
i-->1 UOMETHY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life: hen Is by laying on hands. 120 A Ed
REAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
$155-0 ONLY: reduced price; cheap corner; must
be sold Immediately.
Reduced from $1650 to $15:*; ready to build
on: ithwest corner Webster and Filbert
"is. ; 25x100.
THOMAS MAGI-:;*. & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots: any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye.. with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts.; corner, with Improve-
ments. $67C0. . .'
NEW HOMES
Fine 6, 7. *< and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce 'nd Primrose sts., from. $3100
to $45n0; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
SMALL chicken ranch; good location: furnished
house and lot; well water; chickens, pigeons,
etc.: 'everything complete; Railroad aye..
South San Francisco. Box 992, Call office.
$800 CASH, balance on time; new corner, 4-
room bay-window cottage, 10-foot brick base-
ment 1439 Shotwell st; take Folsom st. car,
get oft at Precita aye., walk up one block.
2032 SCOTT St.. near Sacramento— Modern 7-
room house, with lot 24x81:3. J. H. CARSE,
11 Montgomery St. . ■
CHEAP— An entire block and 10 lots south of
Golden Gate Park. 542 Halght st. :■■:■;
GOOD business property; 8 flats and' stores;
income $140' per month. Box 903, fall office.
$17«H- NEW house; brick foundation; 9 rooms
and bath. SPECK. 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE: COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE— Farm, 214 acres. 6 room and
basement house, barn, chicken and out
houses, well, fruit trees, 600 grapevines, etc.;
one mile south of Sonoma on main road. Ad-
dress box 1100. Call.
$6000- FOR -ALE— A 3-acra tract set. out with j
all the best varieties of full bearing fruit
trees, good house and large chicken yard; lo-
cated on the north side of the grandest boule-
vard In the world, "Estudlllo avenue," be-
tween the residence of W. J. Landers and
Paul M. Nlppert, San Leandro, Alamedw
County. Cal.; a rare opportunity. Inquire
JOS. HERRSCHER. Han Leandro.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. B. F.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. 7 y
EDDY 628, bet. Polk and Larkln— Parlor floor.
-/. or 4 elegantly furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath; gas; run. water;- no childn.
EDDY 917— Nicely furnished housekpg suite;
low rent; private residence; no children.
FIFTH. 353—3 Clean furnished housekeeping
connecting rejoins; 2 $10; single $6 to #7. . ■ '
GEARY, 1917— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette, gas, yard, basement. "-.::■ V-'.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Large bay-window
housekpg, $10; large room, housekeeping, $5.
HARRISON. 731— Front an.l back parlor, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent $13. . -.
HOWARD, 650— Front room and ' kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HYDE 129-Front bay window and alcove,
complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HYDE, 2605—3 clean sunny rooms, furnished to
suit tenant; rent $10.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean.
: sunny; fur, hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
JESSIE, 47*;. near Sixth— Front sunny room for
light housekeeping, furnished.
LAGUNA, 524 (St. James)— Furnished and un-
furnlshcd; light housekeeping; reasonable.
L £ ,;l 'P- i "- 19 *- Two furnished rooms, suitable
for light housekeeping; rent $15.
LEWIS, is. eifT Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
rooms, $10; water free: cellar.
MINNA. 435— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
nice kitchen; renovated. Call before 10 or
after 3:30.
| MISSION. 04.1. nr. Sixth— 2 Front rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping, also others.
MISSION, 1322— Large back room for house-
keeping, $1 75 a week ; bath.
NEWLY furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing; $8. Box 1481. Call Office^ _,
NOE. 153—2 or 4 sunny rooms; parlors; kitchen;
coal range; bath; yard; $10 to $16.
PINE. 851— Fine front and back parlor, unfur-
nished ; use of bath.
POST; en^— Unfurnished; 2 large sunny rooms;
housekeeping: rent $10.
POWELL. 80S, near Sacramento— sunny
rooms, complete for hkpg; bath; marine view.
1 SILVER, 30— Three unfurnished rooms up-
stairs and three downstairs, suitable for two
families for light housekeeping.
I I SIXTH, 216i_— Nicely, furnished housekeeping
■ ! rooms. $2 50 per wk. up; also single; quiet.
SUTTER. 1111, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. 478. nr. Sixth— sl4; 5 sunny furnished
rooms, kitchen; complete; suitable for tailor
or dressmaker.
: ' TURK. 335. near Hyde— Parlor floor, 3 furnished
| rooms, complete for housekpg.; private house.
- TWENTY-FIRST. 3278. near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, renovated,
bath, laundry.
' TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms In suits of 2 and 3; fur-
; nished.
> VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny parlor suite,
kitchen, gas range; small suite. $14.
; ROOMS TO LET— FnriiTand I'nfnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
! A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open oil night.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
i sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-class
i, In every respect; terms reasonable^
' AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
, Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Glrard House. 192 Seventh— Furnished sin-
\ gle and suites; also large unfurnished room.
1 AT New Grand. 246 3d— Lst-claaa sunny rms.,
1 15c to $1 day; POc to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
; AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms, •*'_ to $3 per week.
! BUCHANAN, 3105. near Union -Two nicely
furnished sunny rooms.
■ : BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
r! nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
' CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oate
• ; aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
'■ CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
■ ! furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
. EDDY. 2')6, nr. Taylor— 2 neatly turn, rooms;
running water, gas, bath, closets; moderate.
' ELEVENTH. 231— One nice room, furnished or
- unfurnished.
ELLIS, 114, nr. Powell— Newly fur. ; new man-
I agm't; cozy rms.. hand'ly fur.; reas.; trans t.
I FIFTH. 39 — Sunny bay-window double front
' j room." running water. $9; £^?£ n^^-_
• j FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny. unfurnished
1 j rooms to let. .
- FIFTH. 221- Newly renovated sunny rooms,
' $1 25 to $2 50 per week. _____
" FOLSOM, 776^ — Large furnished room, every
' convenience, $4 month.
FOURTH, 128Mb nr. Mission— New management;
; newly film, and renovated; choice front rms.
; i FOURTH, 222H— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double and single;. $1 week up.
' ! FRANKLIN. 111B— Single or suite of rooms.
; I furnished or unfurnished; elegant sunny cor-
ner; gentlemen prefered.
GEARY. MS (The Comfortable turn,
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HIER.
GEARY "" 556— Elegant front and back parlors;
piano: "phone; light housekping. ; other rooms.
'.RANI' SOUTHERN, .-*E. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE. lT^bet. 2d and 3d. nr. Harri-
• i son— Pleasant stfnny corner room for 1 or 2
gents: private house; board optional.'
' HAVES, 114— One or two ' sunny unfurnished
I rooms, very cheap.
• I HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; eiev.: free baths.
• HOWARD, 528. bet. First- and Second— Fur-
nished rooms; also suite for housekeeping.
'■ i HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished. sunny
: rooms; man and wife; others, reasonable.
- ! HOWARD, 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
I week up; also housekeeping and transient.
, ! HOWARD 1062 bet. 6th and 7th— Suite and 1
' j single, complete for hskg.; also sunny single.
. ! LARKIN 804— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
, j nished. .4.
1 LEXINGTON aye., Large, sunny front
■ room, furnished or unfurnished.
• LILY AYE., Nice sunny furnished room.
' j MARIPOSA. 116? Mission— Newly furnished
i , front and other rooms; all tunny; $1 week up.
' ! MINNA, 140, bet. New Montgomery and 3d -
i 3 neatly furnished rooms, single and double.
MINNA, 349i_— Nicely furnished sunny room,
' i with use of kitchen.
; MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, '846, bet. Fourth and Fifth— Newly-
j furnished sunny suites and single rms.; reas.
j O'FARRELL, ; 2')— Sunny furnished rooms and
' offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
' O'FARRELL. 745. near Hyde— 2 handsomely
, furnished alcove suites; sunny; also single
1 PLEASANT, well furnished room; gas, grate
and use of bath. 610 Polk st.
ROYAL House, 126 Elils st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
■ , week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
; offlce floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; large yard;
rent $7. ' "- ,-:-:'•'
SEVENTH. 230 A —2 front rooms and 1 back
room. $6, $8 and $10; new house.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
neat Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 19. nr. Market— Neatly fur. rms., sin-
gle and double; bright and sunny; $1 25 wk up.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
, I SIXTH, 136— Rooms for light housekeeping;
• also rooms; $1 per week.
SIXTH. 142 Has changed hands; everything
thoroughly renovated; furnished rooms, day,
j week or month.
SOUTH' PARK. 1158, off Third— 2 neatly fur.
- rooms; private fam.; gas; bath; $5 and $7 mo.
I THE Oliver, 886 Folsom, cor. -Sunny corner
1 rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THE Piedmont PSA Sixth St.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
: THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
- I for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. 106 H. near Mission— Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $8.
TURK. 132— Large sunny furnished parlor, also
upper front room; ' suitable for gentlemen.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, .postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— or four furnished rooms for
housekeeping In warm belt of Mission, with
back yard; no children; not over- $20. Box
. 1466, Call.
FURNISHED room ln American Protestant
family, 15 minutes' walk from Call; give full
particulars. Box 1021, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 sunny connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Oeary
and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Address,
stating price, to box 1696, Call office.
c
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
! painting done. Hprtman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. • PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at., rooms 3-10; tel, 6620.
THE SAN FRANCISCO £ CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. ' 205 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases. 232
Stockton st. . sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. S. SEIP, reliable clairvoyant psy-
chometrlst. hOc; Sun., Tues., Frld., at 8, 10c.
1724 Market St. .
MRS. HARLAN D, trance test medium; circle,
2 p. m and S p. m. prophetic readings, 10c.
14 A Geary st.
C V. MILLER'S materialising trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night, 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
AT Friendship Hall. 315 McAllister, sittings
dally, 2, 8 p. m. ; tests by good mediums; 10c.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8: me: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
_______
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-R('l'('Ll'H Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt. : tel. Black 311.
SUBURBAN llO.mS.
TO-LET— modern house of eleven rooms and
bath, with stable, in Ross Valley; 4 minutes'
walk from Rosa Station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
: i
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These flve houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to cltse contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 8— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MARCI'SE & REMMEL
620 Market st., S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. ,
$700— FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms. $100
cash. 320 per month. .
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath: lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc. ; half block
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL A: CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND 111. Attn.
HOME for ladles ln delicate health: large
grounds: private MRS DR. FUNKE. 1«.« Sth.
BERKELEY" ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HA, HA!— Just the place you were looking for
where you can raise poultry close to town;
a fine piece of property, size 186x125, 2-story
house of 7 rooms, plenty of water. 1 block
from electric railroad and only 5 minutes'
from railroad station. Apply JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
HAVE 5 modern houses In course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
just sold: people wishing to locate In that
locality please call or write M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
A LOVELY little home near the hills: house
of 3 rooms, lot 100x135. part of an orchard,
plenty of run for chickens; only _ blocks from
electric railroad. Apply JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$60 CASH. $3 50 monthly till paid for; price
all told. $290; new 3-room cottage and flne
level lot; an extra lot alongside can be had
for $1(0; terms, $5 cash. $2 50 monthly till paid
for; Frultvale. adjoining East Oakland, close
to . electric oar lines; flne boulevard and
model school house; over 60 families located
within 2. years;- own their own homes; rent
money a dead letter here, ('all or send for
circular. 455 Seventh. St., near Broadway,
Oakland; carriage free. H. 7.. JONES, owner.
EXECUTOR'S Sale Fine business corner lot,
50x75 feet, in heart of Oakland, bet. Ninth and
Fourteenth st^. ; within 2 blocks of Broadway:
convenient to broad and narrow gauge trains
and all street car lines; appraised at $4250;
will accept bid of $3000 and ask court to con-
firm sale; a snap. Apply to B. McFADDEN,
Executor. 906 Broadway, Oakland.
$2700— 2-STORY house of 9 rooms and bath;
modern improvements; lot 30x100; situate on
Filbert St., near Tenth. W. P. RYAN, 960
Seventh st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. f,
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 (50c per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday, August 1, I_>9. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 28,
1899. at 3 o'clcck D. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage kcenses have been issued as follows:
Alessandro Frati and Concetta Polvere. .. .34-27
Amerlco Vannuccl and Maria Luces! 32-19
F. Schumacher and Mary Zepperlen.. 77-40
Lewis N. Pennev and Ethel Home 33-22 ■
E. C L. Wilson and Blanche L. Arguello. .22-18
C. J. McLaughlin and Margaret McKenzie.29-3e)
Hy Christy and Mamie Walton 35-24
Frederick T. Martens, and Marie Dabln 26-23
James C. Eraser and, Ada Douglas 21-21
Elle R. ('an., and Mary A. Bobos 23-19
Edmund O. S. better ami Rose Mever 2S-20
IIRTHS-MARPJAGES-DEATHSr
Birth, marriage- and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be hand- j
ed In at either of the publication offices and ;
be indorsed with the name and residence of I
persons authorized to have the same published, j
BORN.
HENTZ— In this city, July 28, 1899. to the ;
wife of George C. Hentt. a daughter.
OLIVER— In this city. July 30, 1893. to the wife ]
of O. E. Oliver, a son
MARRIED.
MEN'".r? MEIER— In this city. July 29, 1899,
by the Rev. J. 11. Schroeder, William Menges
and Bertha Meier.
SHIELDS— »NVERT— In Oakland. June 25,
1809, by the Rev. Father MeSweeney, Alvln
W. A Shields and Mary- F. Convery, both of
San. Francisco.
STEVENSON— JOHNSON— In this city. July 29.
1199, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, John Stev-
enson of Crockett, Cal., and Augusta Johnson
of San Francisco. , .
YOUSE— I_OTKA— In this city, July 30, 1899,
by the Rev. Father Heslin, Frank E. Youse
and Florence A. Lotka. -•;.■■-•:•
DIED,
Adler. Laura Leehens, Mrs. K.
Anttila. Alna Lutjens, Magreta
Carmody. Michael Martin, Adoiph A.
Collier, May "' Meyer. Oeorgiana
Dohertv, Josephine Moore, Henry J.
Drew. Eliza J. Potter. Emma. E. W.
Duckworth. Lillian Powell. Harry R.
Gardiner. Hannah K. Rosenberg. Jacob
Hickethier. Ottilie B. Stevens. Mrs. Julia
Keegan, Michael Watts, Willie
Lapsley. Thomas _■ •■'.
ADLER— Windsor, CaL, July 31. 1899, I_aura.
beloved wife of the late Morris Adler, and
mother of David, Robert, Louis, and Joseph
Adler and Mrs. Mary Levy and Mrs. Carrie
Wise, a native 'if Germany, aged 72 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. *',■.*".'-'
ANTTILA— In this city, July 29, 1899, Alna
Anttila. beloved sister of Mrs. Sophia Slmoia
of Tellurlde, Colo., and cousin of Mrs. Maria
Komola and Margaret Mattsen, a native of-
Finland, aired 23 years and 21 days.
Friends and acquaintance*, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at' 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, under the auspices of
United California Finn Sisterhood. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 406 Powell street, corner of Post.
CARMODY— In this city, July 31, 1899. Michael,
beloved husband of Alice ("'armody. and
father of John. Alice. Mary. Emma and Ella
('armody, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
47 years. • • -* -. V": •.*
JlTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COLLIER— In the City and County Hospital,
* hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. . :::
Tißßkone South 88. : •-*■.■*.-._ ; -;v, : % iC:- -'/ :'- '
July 30, 1899, May Collier, a native of New
York, aged 60 years.
DOHERTY— In this city, July 31, 1399, Joseph-
ine M beloved 'laughter of James and Mary
Doherty, a native of San Francisco, aged
• 1 month and 17 days.
DREW— In this city, July 31, 1399,- Eliza Jane
Drew beloved mother of Christ!, Mary. Tilly,
Eliza and Edward Drew, a native of Ire-
land, aged "3 years. f
DUCKWORTH— In this city, July 30, 1599, Lil-
lian E beloved wife of B. E. Duckworth,
daughter of Charles and Catherine Under-
wood and sister of Margaret Brown and
Alexander Underwood, a native of Monterey,
Cal need 33 years 1 month and 3 days.
irjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at - o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church. Fifteenth street, near Va-
lencia Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GARDINER— In Rio Vista. CaL. July 30, 1899,
Hannah K. Gardiner, beloved wife of John
H. Gardiner. . «»____
JC^The funeral will take place Wednesday
morning, August 2.
HICKETHIER— Oakland, July 31, 1599.
Ottilie B. beloved daughter of R. E. and the
late Hulda Hickethier, and sister of Mrs.
Gustav Folte, .Mrs. Albert Schroeder and
Mrs Alice Rougk. a native of West Virginia,
age.! 27 years 2 months and 8 days.
KFEGAN— In this city. July 30, 1899. Michael,
beloved husband of the late Mary Keegan,
father of John Keegan, deceased, and broth-
er of Mrs Catherine Dougherty and Mrs.
John Kane, a native of the parish of Kil-
bride, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 86
irjrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LAPSLEY— In this city, July 31, 1899. Thomas,
beloved son of Thomas and Bridget' Ann Laps-
lev and brother of George and Rose Lnpsley
and Mrs. W. H. Malt, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years 6 months and 6 days.
LECHENS— In this city. July 23, 1899. Mrs.
Katherine Leehens, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs J F. Knief and Conrad. William and
the 'late J. H. Leehens and Mrs. F. Ring-
er a native of Langgons, Hessen, Darm-
stadt. Germany, aged 77 years 2 months and
9 day's. ,
(r7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her granddaughter, Mrs. J. Saxsenmeler,'
44 Clementina street, between First and Sec-
ond. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LUTJENS— In this city, July 30, 1899. Magreta
Lutjcns. beloved wife of the late Henry Lut-
jens, a native of Oberndorf. ■ Hanover. Ger-
many,' aged 78 years and 8 months.
fi"_7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday). at 10 o'clock, from the residence
Of her "daughter, Mrs. Fred Hons, 410 Mis-
sissippi street, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
LYNCH— In this city. July 30, 1399, Dr. Oscar
Gilbert, beloved husband of Sarah M. Lynch,
son of Dr. Gilbert Lynch of London, and son-
in-law of William P. Pyne of Los Gatos. a
native of London. England, aged 24 years.
C_7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. Dr. T. L. Ma-
honey 1903 Polk street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital.
July 30. ISO 9. Adoiph Alexander Martin, a na-
tive of France, aged 70 years.
MEYER— this city. July. 30. 1199, Georgians,
beloved wife of John Meyer, and daughter of
John Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years 10 months and 26 days.
H7y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1103 Buchanan street, corner of Golden
Gate avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
MOORE— the City and County Hospital,
July 20, 1599. Henry Jacob Moore, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 59 years.
POTTER— In Los Gatos. July 31, 1899, Emma
E Vf.. beloved wife of Edward T. Potter,
daughter of Mrs. J Godsll. and sister of H.
J. Godsll. Mrs. Kate Priestly. Mrs. Maggie
Gallup and Miss Ll'.lie Godsll. aged 29 years.
POWELL— Palo Alto. CaL, July 30, 1299,
Harry R-, beloved son of Mrs. S. Powell and
the late W. E. Powell and brother of Al-
fred G.. Sarah E. and Annie G. Powell, a
native of England, aged 31 years and 4 days.
■X7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 312. Sacramento street, between Baker
and Lyon. Interment Masonic cemetery.
ROSENBERG— In this city, July 31, 1899,
Jacob, beloved husband of Mary J. Rosen-
berg, an.! father of Robert O. G. A. an.l L.
R. Rosenberg, a native of Ohio, aged o9
years (* months and 7 days.
E_7"Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from
his lnte residence. 2319 Sacramento street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city. July 30, 1599. Mrs.
Julia A. Stevens, dearly beloved mother of I
Arthur E. Boothe, a native of Kentucky, aged
76 years 4., months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. I" Suhr & Co., 1127 Mission street.
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WATTS— In this City, July 30, 1899, Willie, be-
loved son of William and Madeline Watts, !
and brother of Lily. Alfred, Eddie. George,
Arthur, Madeline, Ethel, Alice and May
Watts, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years and 9 months.
CARD OF THANKS.
IN behalf of the family of my dear wife, de-
cease.',. I tender my sincere thanks to Coroner
].- E. Hill lor his humane kindness in our
hour of trouble and for allowing us to keep
our dear one from the Morgue.
JOHN H. JONES.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. |
j Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Margaret Wil-
I liams (wife of Thomas Williams) lot on S
line of Page street, --3:4 E of Central avenue
1 (Lott) E 25 by S 87:6; $10. - , '
German Savings and Loan Society to Mar
garet Granville, lot 4, block 2, Marlon Tract
: (Hospital loo: $10. '*. -- '■■•_ . _
Same to Hattle M. Tillman (wife of Henry
Tillman), lot 28, block 1, same (Hospital
j lot); $10. o- V '' -i- ii T.. .
Charles R. Bishop to Spring A alley Water
Works lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and
Pond streets, E 82 6 by N 107:6; ■*.". >>-
Frank and Thomas B. Dalton (Dalton Broth
ers bankrupts) by H. W. Westphal. trustee,
to Henry C. Bunker, lot on W line of Fair
Oaks street, 60 N of Twenty-sixth. N 75 by
W 125; $50.
Thomas and Ann Connolly to Thomas and
i Elisabeth Kerrigan, lot on SW corner o£
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez streets, "\\ 25:5 by
S X - $2400. J ■ '
Louis F. and Lena Brenneke to Eoline D.
Lamb lot on N line of Day street, 80 E of
Castro. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Louis P. F. Frey to Samuel P. Blumenberg,
lot on E line of Dupont street, 97:6 S of Pine,
_ ,-,, S 40 W 38, S 1:4, AY 22. W 40:10; $10. .
Samuel P. Blumenberg to Joseph H. Dunn,
same: $10.
C » Augusta and John E. Brannan to Sophia
P Halgnt undivided one-quarter of lot on NE
corner of Bush and Dupont streets, E 60 by N
77:6- $10. ,' . -
Ardenn B. Bullard to Amelia F. Counsman.
i lot on NW line of Harrison street, 375 SW of
I Fourth. SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
Elizabeth and Arthur L. Whltely to Caroline
W Baker and Georgy L. Whltely. undivided
one-half of following: Lot on E line of Sixth
avenue 200 N of Clement street, E 120 by N
I 50- also lot on N line of Twenty-ninth street,
77:9 E of Ellen or Hoffman. E 75 by N 114;
' $1000.
I Henry M. Whltely to Georgy L. Whltely.
undivided one-half of same (two descriptions);
gift. '_"-:.
Charles R. Bishop to Spring Valley Water
Works lot on W line of Mission street, 250 N
of French, N 25:9, W 64, S 25:9, E 66, block A,
French & Oilman Tract; $10.
Patrick and Mary J. Lynch to William C.
Hamilton, lot 825, gift map 2; $10.
Mary A and Charles Mokler to Mary E.
Michels (wife of P. J.), lots 43 and 44, block
46, Sunnyside; $10.
Alameda County.
Donald McKechnle to Annie McKechnie, lot
on E line of Market street 101 :7& S of Fourth.
E 103-1 S 25 W 98:6>/±, N 25 to beginning, por
tion of 'fractional block 100. Oakland; gift.
A 11. and Caroline H. Breed to Agnes Gower.
lot on SE line of Eighth avenue. 50 NE of East
Fourteenth street. NE 40 by SE 100, block 69,
Clinton East Oakland (subject to a mortgage
for $2000): $10. ■ . '-■■_ "■
Ernest J. and Johanna Hasch to Gustave and
Katharine Blehs. lot 7 and the portion of lot
8 beginning at the most E corner of lot S,
map of subdivision of Piedmont Heights, thence
SW 3.-5 chains, NW 3.02 chains, NE 3.45 chains,
SE .20 of a chain, Sl'*. 2.20 chains to beginning,
containing 1 acre and being the NE portion of
lot 1 map of subdivision of a portion of Pied
mont Heights, "Oakland Township (quitclaim
deed); $10. ', '
Builders' Contracts.
W F. C. Schmidt (owner) with A. H. Wil
helm (contractor), architect H. Gellfuss—Ex
cavating brick, carpenter, mill and stair work,
glazing, ' tinning, plastering, etc.. for one 3
story and one 2-story frame building (flats) on
E corner of Harrison street and Stanley place,
ne 50 by BE 99:6: 3MSI. -,-."-;''-*
Sajne owner with H. Williamson Company
(contractors). architect same — Gasflttlng.
plumbing and sewering for same on same;
$1819. ■- *.. '* ..... : -•-/.- ,
Mary A. Dryden (owner) with John Peca
rich (contractor), architects Martens & Coffey
—All work except mantels, gas fixtures and
shades for a 2-story frame building with brick
foundations on S line of Oak street. 110 W or
Steiner W 30. S 107:2. SE 32:5. 120:4, West
ern Addition 377; $4700. ■ .V;- -;
John Wiese (owner) with Robert Trost (con
tractor), architects Martens & Coffey— All work
except plumbing, painting, mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a 2-story frame building
with brick foundation on W line -of Capp
street IK S of Sixteenth, S 25 by W 105; $3050.
H. & S. Sachs (owners) with A. J. McNicoll
& Co. (contractors), architects Salfield & Kohl
berg—Elevators and dura waiters for a 4-story
and .basement brick building on SW corner of
Battery and Bush streets. W 137:6 by S 32:2;
$1975. -.-^vT!; '.' i-'-'.^
PERRAULT AND
PHELAN DISCUS.
THE TAX LEVY
Corkscrew Franchise
Is Granted.
— —
FUNDS FOR THE HOSPITALS
— * —
COUNTY INSTITUTION ■TO BE
IMPROVED.
♦-
Supervisors Argue Different Phases
of Appropriations. That Must Be
Made, but Decide to Wait
Upon the Merchants.
Supervisor Perrault precipitated some
rather heated debate anent the tax levy
at the board meeting yesterday by calling
upon Mayor Phelan to say why he had not
kept his word to the Finance Committee
by submitting an official statement show
ing how the numerous departments might J
be provided for In the levy and the dollar
limit maintained.
Mayor Phelan denied he had ever prom
ised to outline a plan, but said he had de
clared himself ready at any time to meet
the committee and render it advice and
assistance. Supervisor Perrault insisted
that his Honor had promised an official
statement, and his Honor Anally ceased
to deny It and avoided further distasteful
debate by bringing up the dire need of
the Health Department in so -far as the
Receiving Hospital was concerned. He \
said he had been informed by the depart- ;
ment that $500 to be expended in sanitary i
plumbing would be needed before the •■
hospital could be reopened, and he handed
down a resolution allowing it $175. Super- !
visor Collins made it an occasion to
strongly criticize the action of the health
authorities in' closing the establishment,
ami said in support of his allegations thai
he had been in the hospital several times
in the past seven months and had never ,
noticed the odor of sewer gas or anything
else objectionable. Despite Mr. Collins'
argument the resolution was adapted and
the hospital will be open again for busi
ness as soon as the necessary sewer con
nections can be made.
Supervisor Phelps stirred up more dis
cussion by asking who had let the con
tract for elevators in the new Hall of
Justice. His attention was called to the
matter by a resolution before the board
to pay th- contractors $13,300 for building
them. No one knew who had let the
contract, and Supervisor Holland, chair
man of the Building Committee, declared
that the claim had never been allowed
by his committee and was not properly
before the board. Further discussion de
veloped the fact that the original con
trait called, for five elevators to cost not
more than 114.000, but that only four ele
vators had been built, and $13,300 was de
manded for them. It also transpired that
the contract had been let by Shea & Shea,
the architects, without authority by reso
lution of the board. It proved too knotty
a problem to handle at one sitting and
was Anally referred to the Building Com
mittee for investigation.
Supervisors Lackmann and Perrault of
fered a resolution requesting Governor
Gage to declare the day of the arrival of
the Fust California In this city a legal
holiday. It was adopted unanimously, as
was another, extending a cordial invita
tion to President ParArio Diaz of Mexico
to visit this city when he makes his tour
of this country In September and Octo- 1
ber next. . _
Hi.is for the "corkscrew franchise
asked for by the Market Street Railway
system were opened, and that company
proved to be the only bidder. Its pro
posal was made on the lines laid down in
' the charter and was accepted by unani
mous vote of tin- board. The board also
adopted the plan proposed by the Mer
chants' Association for the purchase of
Fire Department supplies. On motion of
Byington, it was amended so as to in
clude every department of the city gov
ernment.
The statement of the Market-street
i Railway Company that the gross income
from certain of the lines of its system
; during the past fiscal year was $48,-),
was approved, and $0715 __— 2 per cent of
the receipts— was ordered paid Into the
treasury. This payment will make pay
able the Street Department labor claims
for the month of June. ;
A resolution was adopted rescinding
I that portion of the temporary tax levy
i which appropriated $600 for the payment
I of the clerk of the Board of Equalization.
The amount was Axed at $1200 instead,
and the clerks, who have been unpaid,
will now receive their money. .-''-';
A resolution directing the Finance Com
mittee to make a special appropriation in
the tax levy for the sanitary improvement
of the City and County Hospital was re
i ferred to the Building Committee to de
i termine what the necessary improvements
' would cost. _ _, _
City and County Attorney Lane tiled an
opinion with the board which establishes
the contention that the grade of a street
once fixed cannot be changed, except un
der a general adjustment of damages. The
property directly under consideration was
a lot at' Twenty-first and Sanchez streets.
The grade of the street at that place was
Axed in 1866 at 340 feel above the base. In
1888 the board raised it fifteen feet, render
ing property along the line practically
valueless. Owners petitioned the board to
repeal the resolution of 'SS, but Mr.
Lane decided that the matter was already
settled In their favor In numerous de
cisions of the Supreme Court.
Lackmann moved to adjourn at the call
of the chair that the board might meet
with the Merchants' Association when
that body brings in its tax levy, and after
some discussion his motion was permitted
to prevail. • ... -.:■".••
--PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
M B Kellogg, for permission to extend snow
windows of premises at 130, 132 and 136 Sutter
street one and one-half feet over the street
line' property owners for a change and es
tablishment of grades at certain points on
San .Pise avenue, southerly from Jarnac
street- property owners. for the establishment
of a grade on San Jose and Circular avenues
southerly from the crossing of the Southern
Pacific railroad tracks; D. J. Sullivan for per
mission to remove a building from Seventeenth
street between Guerrero and Dolores to Flf
teeenth «treet between Guerrero and Dolores;
Robert B Mitchell for permission to construct
a chimney on the outside of the building to be
erected on the southwest corner of Frederick
street and Fremont avenue, the same to en
croach eight inches on Fremont avenue, also
to construct two stairways on the Frederick
"treet side, to encroach on the sidewalk twen
ty-two and thirty Inches respectively, also to
construct a bay window eleven feet in width
on the Fremont avenue side on the second
story thereof to project two feet over the side
walk and two feet above the same-. Henry P.
Comady for permission to extend steps twenty j
Inches on the sidewalk in front of a building
on Clayton street, 37'-_ feet south from Page |
street; Adoiph Rehfeld for permission to re
tain a' sign on premises at the southeast cor
ner of Greenwich and Lyon streets; California
Concrete Company requesting rhe Superinten
dent of Streets be. authorized to contract with
It to lay 200 lineal feet of artificial stone side
walk in front of the school property on the
south side of Pine street between Earkin and
Polk at a cost of $3000; J. Alex. Boyer for per
mission to alter and repair premises at 7 Eddy
street by extending the front two feet on the
sidewalk; Chlchlzola Estate Company request- ;
ing that the lines of the streets on the west |
end may now be officially established in or
der that Improvement of streets in that tract
may be inaugurated; Chris Heinz for permis
sion to extend front entrance step? of a build
ing In course of construction on the east side
of Van Ness avenue sixty feet north of Green
street three and a half feet over the street
line- West of Castro Street Improvement Club
calling attention to petition filed June 28, 1*97.
for placing of Are alarm boxes at cornejs of
Hoffman avenue and Alvarado street and at
Clipper and Diamond streets.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and
referred to the proper committees:
Against proposed work of constructing a
plank sidewalk on westerly side of Fifth ave
nue, between Clement and California streets;
Catherine M. Atkinson and D. A. Hulse,
against the placing of an artificial stone side
walk on the east side of Locust street, be- ,
tween "Washington and Jackson; Mrs. M. Far
her, against the construction of artificial stone ,
sidewalks on Sixteenth street, between San
chez and Noe. . " :
. COMMUNICATIONS ,' RECEIVED.
The following communications were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Merchants' Association; recommending that
action on the proposed order amendatory of
sections 11, 12 and IS of order No. 1588, relative
to the use of streets and sidewalks by build
ing constructors ,be deferred for a few
months when it will pass into the control of
the Board of Public Works; San Francisco and
San Mateo Electric Railway Company, stat
ing that a new bridge must soon be built
to span the Southern Pacific Railroad tracks
on the county road near Mount Vernon avenue
and requesting that the matter be referred to
the City Engineer for his opinion as to
whether any action is desirable or not at this
time: from the same, setting forth that some
time ago an understanding was had with the
board for the opening of Diamond street \
■ through property owned by said company, j
which matter was reported to the City Engl- i
neer to report the cost 'of constructing a con- I
duit to carry oil the waters of the creek, and
requesting. that the board now take this mat
ter up and determine what shall be done in the
premises and when the work will be carried
out.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the performance of the following street work:
Roadway of Pacilic avenue for a distance
137:6 feet easterly from a point 137:6 feet east
erly from Baker street, to be paved with
bitumen.
STREET WORK ACCEPTED.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were finally adopter! as follows:
Crossing of Hayes street and Masonic ave
nue, bitumen; Thirteenth- stre?et, between
Church and Sanchez, bitumen: crossing of Six
teenth and Church, streets, bitumen.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed to print as follows:
Market street, between Valencia and San
chez, bitumen; Waller street, between Market
and Laguna. bitumen: Twenty-ninth street, be
tween Church and Sanchez. bitumen; Golden
Gate avenue, between Baker and Lyon streets,
bitumen.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolution!, awarding contracts' for street
work were finally adopted as follows:
Pacific Paving Company, granite curbs on
northerly Bide of Eighteenth street, between
Dolores and Church, for a distance of 398 feet
from the northwest corner of Dolores, atiel
Eighteenth streets; roadway to be' paved with
bitumen, and artificial stone sidewalk on north
erly line of Eighteenth street from Dolores 398
feet northerly; paving, 22 cents per square
foot: artificial stone sidewalks. 11 cents per
square foot; granite curbs; 90 cents per lineal
foot.
STREET WORK AUTHORIZED.
Resolutions were finally adopted authorizing
the performance of street work by private con
tract as follows:
City Street Improvement Company, to lay
granite curb and pave with bitumen Cole street,
between Have.-, and Fell; also Clayton street,
between Hayes and Fell; San Francisco Pav
ing Company, to pave crossing of Washington
and Laurel streets with bitumen; Pacific Pav
ing Company, to lay granite curbs and pave
with bitumen Clay street, between Spruce and
Maple; Flinn & Treacy. to construct a 12-inch
sewer, fee lay granite curbs and to pave with
cobbles (except the intersection of Thirteenth
and Devlsa'lero streets, which shall be paved
with bitumen to the center line of Thirteenth)
Thirteenth street, between Alpine and Castro.
The Sharon Estate was granted permission to
grade northerly half of Francisco street, in
front of Its property, 275 feet west of Leaven
worth.
The City Engineer was directed to make the
necessary' surveys and report back the proper
grades to be established at the northerly termi
nation of Norton place, off Filbert street north
erly, between Montgomery and Sansome.
The City Engineer .was directed to make the
necessary surveys and to set proper monuments
to fix the lines of streets in the district
bounded by Ocean and I'nadtlla avenue and
the easterly boundary line of the Lakeview
Tract.
The City Engineer was directed to make
surveys and set proper monuments to fix the
lines of streets in the district bounded by
I'nadllla and San .lose avenues. Ridge Lane
and the westerly boundary line of San Miguel
city.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"810 FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE -
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
t FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New* York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
y Louis. Cincinnati.
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
.REN J. LYNCH,
I T— I *_. _.
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED j
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE ]
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE i
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 p. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN I
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT ]
REGULAR ' HOURS AND REASONABLE '■
rates. yyy . ■■■ yyy:.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- j
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623 j
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD!
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
n«5. 3:20. 4:00. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. •-:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m. 1:00, »1:45. *2:30. M:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains mariced (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ,
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. »10:30
a. m.: 12:30, 2:15. »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ! ,
" •SUNDAYS— 7:OO. -8:00. •9.45. *10:45. »11:45
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. "3:30. "5:15. »6:00. 7:00. 10:15
P Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln. ■
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. ;
WEEK DAYS— S:*S. 6:50. 7:53. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 8:00. . 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
1-20 2-40 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m. . .■.'.;'-
-* THROUGH TRAINS.
7*CO a m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1-20 p. m — Caraden and way sta ns.
5:15 p tn. week days (Saturdays excepted.—
Point Reyes and way stations.
•KM a m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. ,
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. tn.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. F." to Summit and Return, 8140.
THOS. COOK & SON. A-fts., 621 Market «L
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ '
M GARTERS'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills, .
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
j Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
| feet remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
I ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
! Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
! Small Pill. . Small Dose.
! Small Pricey
KAIL&OAS X&AV-UU __
Mil TIII;K.\ PACIFIC t'OJIPAHT.
', V; (pacific KY.-rri-M.) -
Trtlai leave j»ii«l mo <lv«« lo nrrlie at J
NAN rKANC'iaC-O.'f;- .. - - _■;.<
_ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tSAVS — From Joe 25, 1899. — _______*
7.00 a Benicia, Sulauu and Sacramento. . . . Si4a»
7:00 \ Marysville Uroiilleand Redding lit.
Woodland s*l2*
7:00 a Elmira. Vacarille and Rnir.sey Bx-ior
TsSOa Martinez. Sail lUmnn. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and. Santa Rosa 6jl3f
SiOOa Atlantic lixpress, Ogden and l.ast.. tf:«4 •
■tItUA .lose, LiTermore. .Stockton. -,-»,-.;
lone, Sacramento, PlHcerville.
Marysrllle. Chico. Red 1t1ut1...... -«:I»P :
Bt_OA "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4:15p
•iSOa Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese. .f'!?* I
•IOO a Hay.vir.lß. Nilea ami Way Stations. Ut--*
tiOOi. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and rretuo. IS:l5#
•iOOa Frenuo, llakenlield. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso.
New Orleans and East «i4flF
lO.OOa Vall.-Jo, Martinez and Way Rtatlona 7: -»"f
11:00 a Uarwards, Nilea and Way Stations. St-19r
! llitOOM Niles, Llrermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Vlsalla.
Pcrt-eiTllie 4.15»
•I «00p Sacramento Hirer Steei mere "»:00»
SiOO? Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. 0:45»
4tO_r Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo. -
Napa, Calis. OK*. .Sauta Rosa StlS* ;
AtOOr Benicia, Vacarille, Sacramento. -r.
Woodland, Knights Landing. ;'
Marysrllle, Ororlllo IMW
IM Nlles, San Jose and Stockton 7il8»
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond ISilSv
•j««*Tl_o Owl. Tracy. Freano. Bakera- - *
field, Saugut for Santa Barbara.
Let Angeles 9145*
StßOr Stockton. Merced, Fresno l_t:l3r
■iSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno..
Mojare and Lot Angeles B.4S*
OaSOp Santa Fo Route, Atlautlo Express
for MiejaTn and East 0: -3 %*
_*4t«p Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogden
and East 8t4!»»
•:OOp Haywarda. Niles and San Joae 7:13*
*-:OOp Vallejo _•____
7)Ottp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
rllle. ReddiiiK, Portland. Puget
Hound and I'Ust 7:13*
t»t—r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
J_ tions tlO'3Qy
COAST DIVISION iN.trro.v (Jaiiife).
(Foot of Market Street.)
f-i__A Santa Onu Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Prinoip.-.l Way Stations l»i03»
Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, Felton.
Boulder Creek.Sauta and Way
Statious 3:30»
*S.lSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, Roulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M0:3«4
_ilßp Ban Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. otao*
Mt lSr Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
; m tlont /Qiao*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i ton SIR faiICISCO-Pccl of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.u. 11:00 *2:33 13:03
•4:00 18:00 •fi-COr.M.
etaaOtfUD— Foot of Broad vtaj.— *(i:oo 8:00 , 10:00 A.U.
; 112.0 «1:00 12:03 '3:03 li=aa •S:Cop.m.
COAST DIVISION ellroaiHlauge).
(Third and Towoaend Sia.) ■-
»0:IOa Ocean View. South Ban Francisco.. "■OtSOp
*7iOOa Ban Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *8:OOA
(7iSoa Sunday Fxcuxtlon for Santa Cruz,
Pncifio Grove and lVinrlpal Way
Stations :»:33»
SiOOa San Jose, Tres rinos. S.-inta Cmz,
Pacilic Grove. Paso RobUs, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
lOiIOa Ban Joseand Way Stations 0:83*
1 1:1.0 a San Jose ami Way Stations lt3OV
*_:43_ Sau Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San.lose,
Hollister,' Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Paeilio Grove *IoiB6a
•l»30p San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations "7:80?
•lilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 13 a
i "*3»oop San Joseand Principal Way Stations •8:33*
S:.'tOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations ■StSO*
8:30p San Jose WavStatious o::tUp
, f11:43r San Jose anel Way Stations t*?'Bop
A for Morning. V tor Afternoon.
: •Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday onljt
Matmrday and Bund**- /Sunday and Monday- -
CALIFORNIA NORTH WESTERN IT. CO.
T . 1-1 1 «—!_-} HITTI
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PAW
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry, Poot of Market 6*.
BAN FRANCISCO .TO SAN RAFAEL I
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U'.a,!
1:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip.
at 11: p. m. Saturdays— Kut ra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.( 1:30, fMj
4:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ;:
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 13:48w
8:40. 5:16 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips aft
100 and 6:35 p. m. ;
BUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40. 11:10 ft. m.; 1:40, 3:40, SM.\ :
6:25 p. m. .* ]
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park,
same schedule as above. *■ r *" f
Leave ) Arrive l i-_s.*;
San Franciaco. In Effect I San Francisco. ,
. : April 16, L ,- J
Week Sun- 1899. I S-_n- Week
Days. days. Destination. J days. Daya I
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ant
' 8:30 pm | 9:80 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:80 pm,
, j Fulton.
I dO am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg, 1
Lytton,
Geyservllle, i
1:80 pm 8:00 am 01overdftle. 7:Ssj)m 6:20 pan
140 un Hopland and 10:25 am '
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 psct
7:30 ami 10:25 ana
| 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm • .' 6:20 pra
f :80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 prn
7:30 am' 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ana
8:30 pm 5.00 pm i 7:35 pm 6:20 pcs
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springe and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprlngs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop»
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. ..
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- •
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomi
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Buckneii's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo, Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr'g Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brflgg.
We?tport. Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonville, C.m-
mlng-'s. Bell's Springs. Harris, OUen's. Dyer;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manacer. Gen. Past. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. _599. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ' J North- bound. ' :
gassen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. .Sunday Stations. j Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd |Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5. .15 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm' Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm!12:30 am Bakersfield • 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am! 1:22 pm
12:15 pml 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 prn
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. .'
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St.,
San Francisco. ■ _.. _
Weekly Gall $1.00 ser Year-
1112
BOSS BUCKLEY DISCLOSES
UGLY SECRETS OF THE PAST
The Examiner Was Sold Out More Than Once to
Huntington— lnside Story of the Mayne
Railroad Franchise Scheme.
Buckley Reveals Interesting Incidents in His Career as Confidential
Adviser and Political Manager of the Examiner,
SPECTATORS of the fight between
Buckley on one side and the Rai
ney-Examiner league on the other
expected thai the Rainey newspa
per which made, a few days ago.
such a furious attack on Boss Buckley
would follow up the assault! As Buck
ley promptly responded with ugly dis
closures concerning th Examiner's as
sociation with bosses, the unterrifled
Democrats, who enjoy a fight to the l
finish, suppnsed that the Examiner j
would forthwith turn loose on the i
"Blind White Devil" and do some rare
roasting. The surprise of the campaign j
is the silence of the Examiner. The j
Democrats are wondering If the Ral- i
Examiner league has not taken
alarm at the prospect of a controversy
which may disclose to the public the
long-concealed truth about the pur
chase of a seat in the United States
Senate.
Good citizens rejoiced at the prospect
of a fight between old-time busses and
political manipulators, believing in the •
.'..lac,- that "honest men get their dues j
when rogues fall out."
The fact is well established that the
relations which existed between the
Examiner and Buckley for many years
were confidential and intimate. The old
Evening Examiner was purchased at
the suggestion of Buckley and con- j
verted into a morning light. "When I
there was no money at the business j
office to pay the hands the conductors j
of the paper went to Buckley's Bush- .
street saloon and borrowed the coin j
to meet the deficit. When doubts arose i
in the editorial department as to what
course the paper should pursue on na
tional. State nd local affairs Buckley
was summoned. A carriage was sent,
to bring him post haste to the office. j
Time, however, changes all things, j
Buckley Is no longer the source of Ex- ;
aminer inspiration, A new boss has i
arisen and th" St. George Stable is the
fountain of Democratic wisdom am! re- j
form.
iking of the past. Buckley, who
was yesterday in a serene and remi- I
niscent frame if mind, contributed the j
following chapter to the political an
nals of San Francisco:
"When young Hearst obtained pos
session of the paper my advice was i
often sought by him. Frequently a car
riage would be sent to my house and I ;
would go to the Examiner office and
there be interrogated by its proprietor
ns to the policy of the paper on mat
ters of political import. 1 also ap- |
peared in the capacity of a friend and
attorney of the paper to settle a libel.
suit that might have cost the paper
thousands of dollars and possibly sent I
Its editor to State's prison." '
"What case was that?" he was asked, |
"That was the case of Hon. F. F. j
Strother," he replied.
"What were the circumstances?" !
' Mr. Strother was the Auditor of the I
city," continued Buckley, "and to my !
knowledge proved the best we ever had. i
Well, he had nerve enough to give the
Bulletin or some other paper some !
printing and as this was antagonistic j
to the-. Examiner it attacked him un- j
mercifully. They called him a male- \
factor and other strong names and Mr.
Strother promptly secured the services
of S. M. Wilson and commenced a suit
against the paper for a very large sum
pf money for damages. The Examiner
conductors sent for me to help them
cut of the affair and it was only after
a hard struggle that we could get Mr.
Strother to withdraw his suit, as we
thought it v. mid be detrimental to the
Democratic party. He did not, how
ever, dismiss the suit until th« Ex
aminer had made public reparation.
"If I am the bad man I am accused j
of being; if I am the character they are I
presenting to the public, why is it they j
Bought my advice for their paper; why j
is it they asked my aid in suits of j
libel: why did the proprietor of that !
sheet ask me to take charge of his
fight for Governor; to get the delega
tion of this city to support him for the ;
Democratic nomination and also later ;
to have him appointed and elected
United States Senator?
"It was during the period, from 1880
to IS9O that the organization of which >
I was a member was a grand one. I
was all right then. I was continually
doing these favors for Mr. Hearst In :
1890, when 1 refused to do what I con
sidered dishonorable and since which
time I have been out of politics, I be- I
came this very bad man. During that j
time, from 1882 to 1891, when, according
to that paper I was in control of the !
Democratic organization, this city was
better governed than it was before or
has been since. If I was the bad man
they represent me to be why did they
come to me time and again and accept
my money to keep their paper going; I
why did they pet me to settle their libel
suit— help get its proprietor the :
nomination for Governor?
"They say I am in the employ of j
Huntington. That's a lie! I am not in i
the employ of Mr. Huntington and have |
never been. But it Is well known to
every resident of this community that
a short time ago the Examiner was in
the employ of Mr. Huntington, under a
contract of one thousand dollars a
month for thirty months. And I want j
to say right here that that is not the
only time to my knowledge that the j
Examiner sold out to Mr. Huntington.
"In that article they say I was fined
$."00 in a contempt proceding before
the Supreme Court. That is another
malicious lie. The record shows that a
majority of that court saw through the
conspiracy and exonerated me by dis
missing the proceeding.
"Now as to this Wallace Grand Jury.
That is the great conspiracy they are
in the habit 'if Haunting every few
day to the public. In connection with
that matter I want to state that Wil
liam T. Wallace asked me to have him
nominated In the Democratic conven- j
Hon for Superior Judge, which I did.
and he was elected. At the San Jose
convention in 1890 he was a candidate
for the nomination of Chief Justice of
ji
the Supreme Court. He was defeated
in the convention and he attributed his
defeat to me and he swore in the pres
ence of his colleagues on the bench that
he would be revenged on me. In IS9I
he formed what was known as the
Wallace Grand Jury, which was in op
position to the law he had laid down
while Justice of the Supreme Court "of
this State, and which we all know was
I set aside by that tribunal.
"That so-called Grand Jury found
' what they called an indictment against
I me for something I had no more to do
j with than the man in the moon had.
; A man by the name of Mayne tried to
i interest me in a scheme to obtain a
railroad franchise from the Board of
Supervisors, and I refused to have any
thing to do with it. His attorney, who is
now a resident of this city, also asked
me to interest myelf and I gave him the
very same answer. I also advised my
friends on the Board of Supervisors
j to have nothing to do with it. In No-
I vember, 1890, I left for Europe. In
i December of that same year or just be-
I fore the expiration of the term of that
j Board of Supervisors, and at a time
j when 1 was seven thousand milesaway,
PRIZES AWARDED TO
SUCCESSFUL TURNERS
THE seventeenth biennial fes
tival of the Pacific Turn Bezirk
came to a close at an early
hour this morning at Turner
Hall, with the last strains of
"Home, Sweet Home." The last,
flay was a long one. crowded with
events from the assembly at 7 o'clock
yesterday morning till the last step in
the last dance on the programme began
last evening, but not a Turner in the
district and not one of his friends
who begrudged one of the many
hours spent.
The weather conditions were much
better than on the preceding day and
the sixty odd athletes entered in the
various events went at their work
with a will. In the amphitheater the
men continued their feats of the day
before on the horizontal bar. They
jumped, high and broad, they went
hand over hand tip the rope and they
sprinted, In the barn they finished
before noon on the apparatus.
Popular interest in the festival
reached its highest pitch during the
afternoon, when the wrestlers went
on the mat in "the Barn." Eight
athletes representing the Eintracht
and San Francisco vereins of this city
and the Oakland and Sacramento
vereins were entered to contest for
the- laurel wreath and diploma that
constituted the first and second prizes.
Before the bouts began the Impres
sion had gained ground that William
Oechsle of the Verein Eintracht would
down all comers. The Sacramento
contingent, however, which was out
for blood, was confident it had a r^ni
in William Noething who would give
the Eintracht's representative a tussle
for the place. As after events proved
the Sacramentans were wiser than
they knew.
The first bout was a short, sharp
Struggle between Fred Ottinger of the
San Francisco Turn Verein and Her
man Haustein of the Eintracht. Hau
stein won by very clever work.
Oechsle, the champion of the Ein
tracht, then appeared to try conclu
sions with Louis Trost of tu< San
Franclscos. His appearance was the
signal for prolonged cheering. The
Eintracht wrestler showed a larger
amount of muscle than his opponent,
and went at his work in a way to show
that he was a practiced hand. He was
in no hurry to throw his man, but he
showed a confidence and a skill that
were too much for Trost, who soon
went on his shoulders.
The Sacramento dark horse, Noeth
ing, was pitted against Ernest Rehor
of the Oakland Verein. He heightened
the hopes of his admirers by his work
manlike manner of going at his oppo
nent, and soon put him hors de combat
with a half Nelson.
The succeeding bout between Joe
Myers and Arthur Hluniel of the San
Francisco Turn Verein was a clever
exhibition in a class all by itself, Blu
mel finally losing to his opponent, who
threw him once more for luck. After
a slight Intermission the champions
came together to determine the ques-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 1, 1899.
I this franchise was passed.
"Had they indicted the Examiner or
the people who were running it they
would have been pretty near correct.
Mr. Mayne afterward informed me that
he had a contract with that paper for
j printing and advertising for $12,500 and
a part of that contract called for the
Examiner's aid in the passage of the
franchise and having the Mayor sign
| it. To corroborate my statement I re
| fer you to the editorials of the paper
: about that time.
"The people of this city have It in
j their own hands to regulate this gov
j ernment, and they only need take
■ charge of it. If they will go to the
| polls on the Sth of August and vote for
i reputable men, who will make a plat
form of principles in harmony with the
condition of affairs as they exist and
in keeping with the new organic law
they will succeed. They should put a
good strong force in their county com
mittee who will see to it that the in
dividuals they nominate will carry out
the pledges they make to the people. I
', ask the Democrats before casting their
votes to review the situation. Do they
Bays and Diplomas
Fall to the Lot of
Trained Followers
of the Beloved
Father Jahn.
tion of supremacy. They were both of
a size. Oechsle looking to be the finer
trained and more muscular of the two.
Northing showed a large amount of
beef, but before the bout had proceeded
many seconds it was seen that this did
not impede his movements. Oechsle
appeared to be confident of the out
come, while Noething showed signs of
wariness that betrayed a fear of his
opponent.
The San Franciscan was on the ag
gressive from the start and many
times during the next ten minutes had
his opponent apparently on the hip,
only to lose him. The Sacramentan
had a trick, when too tightly pressed,
bj crawling off the mat. whereupon
the referee would make the men
break. This maneuver met with the
disapproval of Oechsle's supporters,
who claimed that Noething should
have been disqualified. He was not,
however, and after breaking half a
dozen more of the holds of his oppo
nent, put Oechsle over and down with
a neatly executed crotch and arm
hold. _ .
The applause was deafening and the
excitement so great that it took ten
i.i i tit before the crowd cooled down
enough to enjoy the dance, which had
been interrupted before the bouts.
Following the wrestling came the
fencing. In which the various contest
ants showed remarkable skill. The
prize winners in the field sports, were
as follows:
FIRST GRADE— First prize. William
Hoffmann S. F. T. V., 67.1 points: second.
Alb Kuenzi and Gust Hotop, Eintracht
Turner Section, C 5.3 each; third, Ch.
Krause. Eintracht Turner Section. 64.8:
fourth, Harry Meyer, San Francisco, 62.4;
fifth, Ernst Rehe.r. Oakland, 60.1; sixth,
William Oechsle, Eintracht, 53.1; seventh,
Charles Steinbeck, Oakland, 52.7.
SECOND GRADE First prize, F. Attin
per S. F. T. V.. 72.6 points; second, John
Verme'hien, Mission. 63.2: third, Richard
Finn, Eintracht, 62.7; fourth. L. Seheppler,
Eintracht, 61.5: fifth. E. Seheppler, Ein
tracht, 59; sixth. A. Bluemel. S. F. T. V.,
ES.'j; event!, Charles Kummerlander. Ein
tracht. 58; eighth, Carl Haas, Eintracht,
11. 1. ninth. Christ Goltzene, Eintracht, 04.1;
tenth. Walter Nagel. S. F. T. V.. 54;
eleventh. Max Nagel, S. F. T. V., 51.6.
THIRD GRADE- First prize Gus Ehel,
Sacramento, 65 points; second. Gus Kroeger,
Sacramento, 64.7; third. William Offenbach,
Sacramento, 63.2: fourth, Louis Trost, S. F.
T. V., 63.1; fifth, Phil Buchmann, Sacra
mento 63; sixth. John Guetersloh S. F. T.
V.. C 2.7: seventh, Robert Martin, Eintracht,
6.'. 2; eighth. George Brandlein. S. F. T.
V.. 62.1; ninth. Oscar Kaiser. S. F. T. V.,
60.3; tenth. Carl Trost. S. F. T. V., 59.6;
eleventh, Herman Haustein. Eintracht, 59;
twelfth, William Bock. Mission, 68.7; thir
teenth. Christ Gerlach, Eintracht, ( 58.2;
fourteenth. John Verhoeven, Mission, 57.
fifteenth. Fritz Zecker, S. F. T. V., 57.
sixteenth. Walter Klein. Mission. 57.2;
seventeenth. Leon Edelmann, Eintracht,
57; eighteenth, William Braun. Sacramento,
£6.3; nineteenth. B. Brunje, Oakland, 54.7;
twentieth. "William Ringk. Oakland, 54.2;
twenty-first. Frank Gehring. Sacramento,
68; twenty-second, Henry tiler, Oakland,
60.9. •
VETERANS -First prize. Phil Gretseh, S.
F T V., 60 11-12 points; second, William
Schaefer. S. F. T. V., 57 7-12; third, A.
Schuppert, Mission, 54 19-24: fourth. E.
Nickel. Mission. 50%: fifth, L. Thierbach.
San Francisco, 49; sixth, T. Acker, San
Francisco, 46.
want to return to the conditions- of
government which this same unholy
Examiner alliance gave to this city
three years ago, which is fresh in the
minds of the people? They remember
the action of that infamous Board of
School Directors, which, according to
all the public prints, violated their
pledges to the people by charging large
sums for new text books and raising
the salary list $230,000. The Supervisors
then were Interviewed about the tax
levy, according to the newspapers, and
their, ideas were that a levy of $2 50 on
a JIOO valuation was the least that they
could run the government with. Mayor
Phelan turned them out of office and
recommended a reputable lot of gentle
men in their stead, who while in office
prepared a tax levy of $1 25 on a $100
valuation, which was copied by these
fellows at the meeting they held in the
corridors, of the City Hall, and which
officially became the tax levy, thereby
saving to the people an enormous sum
of money.
"Now if Democrats want to return
to this sort of government let them
vote for the delegate ticket submitted
to them by the Examiner and its un
holy alliance. The Examiner has been
villifying and blackguarding every per
son who comes in these headquarters
in a language known only to the in
mates of the hovel in which it is ground
out."
Sudden Death of Mrs. Duckworth.
Mrs. Lillian E. Duckworth died suddenly
last Sunday of heart failure at the resi
dence of her sister, Mrs. Brown, 405 Va
lencia street. Mrs. Duckworth was the
daughter of Charles Underwood, a promi
nent citizen of Monterey. Her husband,
B. E. Duckworth, is a brother of S. J.
Duckworth, former chief clerk of the As
sembly and well known in political cir
cles. Mrs. Duckworth, whose end was
entirely unexpected, leaves a host of
friends to mourn her untimely taking off.
She will be buried this afternoon from
her sister's residence.
Olympia.
There are twenty-four attractions at the |
Olympla this week and they all went well
last night. Chandler and McPherson are
both good singers and last night rendered
selections from popular operas which
were, well received. The Seymour Broth
ers are clever acrobats, and Dodson, who
calls himself "the divine." and who is
playing his last week, is popular as ever.
Prizes in apparatus turning were
given as fellows:
FIRST GRADE— First prize. Ch. Krause,
Eintracht, 41 points: second, Gus Hotop,
Eintracht, and Harry Meyer, S. F. T. \.,
SECOND GRADE -First prize. jr. Attln
ge , r S. F. T. V.. 43 points: second, John
Vermehren. Mission. 36 2-6: third. Charles
Kummerlander. Eintracht, 35 4-6. L,'"", l
THIRD' GRADE— First prize. Gus Ebel.
Sacramento, 41 1-6 points; second. Phil
Ruchmann. Sacramento, 39%: third, Louis
Troat. S. F. T. V., 39.
Field sport prizes were adjudged in
three groups as follows:
FIRST GROUP— First prize. "William
Hoffmann. S. F. T. V.. 32.9 points: second,
Albert Kuenzi. Eintracht. 31; third, F. At
tlnper. S. F. T. V.. 29.6.
SECOND GROUP— prize, Gus Kroe-
Epr. Sacramento, 30.53 points: second, Al
bert Kuenzi, Eintracht, 23.7; third, W.
Helnirke. Eintracht. 29.
THIRD GROUP— First prize, Gus Kroe
ger, Sacramento, 33.5 points: second, John
Verhoeven. Mission. 32.05; third, L. Sehep
pler. Eintracht, 31.05.
VETERANS— First prize. William Schae
fer. B. F. T. v.. 24 points; second, E.
Nickel. Mission. 21 1-3.
Prize?* for wrestling were awarded
as follows:
LIGHT WEIGHT— prize, Herman
Hornsteln, Eintracht.
MIDDLE WEIGHT— First prize. Wil
liam Noethlg, Sacramento; second, William
iipchsle. Eintracht.
HEAVY WElGHT— First' prize, Joseph
Myers, S. F. T. V.
FENCING— First prize, Carl Steinbeck,
Oakland. r-;,»_ .*._,---
WEIGHT LIFTING (100 pounds)—
prize, Charles Schulz. Eintracht, 12V4
points; second, Joseph Myers, S. F. T. V.,
7%.
Other prizes were awarded as fol
lows:
LITERARY ESSAY— First prize, Willie
Jaehne, Eintracht.
RECITATION— prize. H. C. F.
Stahl.. Eintracht.
SINGING— First priza, Oakland Turn
Verein. : iv" . :- . .;
SHOOTING— First prize, W. Glindemann,
P. F. T. V., 65 points; second, O. Bur
melster. S. F. T. V., 63.
SWIMMING— prize, Henry Gler,
Oakland. >-*'.„-"'
MIDNIGHT DUEL
IN IN ELLIS
STREET SALOON
"Jack" Wilson Got
His Man.
— ♦ —
WALTER CAVANAUGH KILLED
— »
HE WAS NOT QUICK ENOUGH
WITH HIS GUN.
♦
Quarrel Over the Disreputable Sister
of the Dead Man, Who Was
the Mistress of His
Slayer.
Walter Cavanaugh. a young man well
known in the tenderloin, was shot and
killed by Jack Wilson shortly after mid
night this morning in the saloon of C. G.
Borgfeldt on the northwest corner of
Mason and Ellis streets. Three bullets en
tered his body and he died almost in
stantly. Wilson was arrested a few
minutes later by Officer Harrigan while
standing on the corner with the smoking
revolver still in his hand.
The quarrel which resulted in the kill
ing was by all accounts the second the
parties had during the day. Wilson has
been living with a sister of Cavanaugh at
5 Latham place, a small cul de sac off
Mason street in the rear of Borgfeidt's
saloon.
As nearly as can be ascertained, Cava
naugh had been living off the profits of
his sister's degradation. The relation
ship of Wilson with Miss Cavanaugh, it
is said, interfering as it did with the
money supply of Cavanaugh, gave rise
to flip Quarrel.
Cavanaugh in a drunken condition
called yesterday afternoon about 6 o'clock
at the residence of his sister and Wilson.
He had been there but a short time when
the neighbors heard two pistol shots and
saw the woman run out on the porch,
calling upon her brother to come out and
go away.
Mrs. M. A. Carson and her son. Thomas.
who reside at 3 Latham place, heard two
shots. Half an hour later they saw
Cavanaugh reel down the alley to the
street alone. Miss Laura Graham of 1 ;
Latham place also saw Cavanaugh take j
his departure. ..'•'. j
About 12:30 o'clock this morning, while
Borgfeldt was closing the door of his
grocery, he heard men's voices as if
raised in quarrel coming from the side
walk. He next heard the saloon doors
open and the men come in.
"Have you a gun?" Borgfeldt heard
pome one exclaim. The next Instant
shots rang out. The saloon man thinks
there were four.
Instead of entering the saloon, he ran
out to the sidewalk through the door of
the grocery, where he saw Wilson stand
ing, with a revolver in hand. Officer Har
rigan. who was on Ellis street and heard
the shots, came up in a moment and
placed Wilson under arrest. The pris
oner told the policeman that he shot in
self-defense.
Inside the saloon door, lying in a pool
of gore, with fragments of glass all about
him, lay the dead man. His features were
Indistinguishable.
A revolver belonging to the dead man
was lying beside him, having fallen from
his grasp as the bullets struck him. Three
chambers were empty, another contained
an exploded cartridge shell and the fourth
an unexploded bullet, bearing out the the
ory that Cavanaugh had fired one if not
the first shot in the quarrel.
The pistol Wilson had when arrested
contained three exploded cartridges.
Stonewall Bailey, a bartender, was with
Wilson when he killed Cavanaugh.
"We were standing at the corner of
Ellis and Mason streets," he remarked,
"engaged in conversation. I saw Cava
naugh approaching us and, knowing the
bitter feeling that existed between the
men, I advised Wilson to watch him
closely.
"Just then Cavanaugh, who was accom
panied by another man, named "Wallace, I
think, accosted Wilson, and, drawing a
revolver, asked him if he was heeled.
"Wilson replied that he did not want to
fcave any trouble and advised Cavanaugh
to put up his gun.
"Cavanaugh raised his revolver as if to
shoot, when his friend grabbed him and
attempted to take the weapon away from
him.
"Wilson at this juncture started to enter
the saloon on the corner and was quickly
followed by Cavanaugh. The latter still
■ held his gun In his hand and again level
ing it at Wilson fired.
"Wilson immediately drew hft revolver
and fired three shots at Cavanaugh, in
stantly killing him."
Wilson was arrested immediately after
the killing and taken to the City Prison.
lie gave his age as 35 years and his oc
-1 cupation as that of a bartender. He was
1 pale and excited and begged to be given
a drink of whisky.
Jack Wallace, who was with Cavanaugh
at the time of the shooting, disappeared
j immediately after.
| When questioned about the killing Wil
son declared that he did not want to dis
cuss the crime until he had consulted an
attorney.
"When the proper time comes." he re
marked, "I will show that I acted In self
| defense. If I had not shot Cavanaugh he
I would have sent me to the Morgue. It is
i ! true that I have been living with his sis
' ter, but she had nothing to do with the
t j shooting."
NYMPHIA AGAIN ATTACKED.
Five Directors Are to Be Arrested on
Warrants.
To-day another move will be made,
aimed to end the existence of the Hotel
Nymphia. Warrants will be sworn out
for five directors of the Twinkling Star
Improvement Company, which company
conducts the new enterprise. The parties
to be arrested are L. P. E. Frey. Emil
Kehrleln, Valentine H. Kehrlein, W. H.
Richards and S. P. Blumenberg. Attor
ney John J. Barrett, acting for the citi
zens of North Beach, will swear to the
complaints and will assist in the prosecu
tion. .• , " :■ ■■ '.
Attorney Barrett stated yesterday that
he Is taking this action because of a fear
that the recent decision handed down by
Judge Bahrs in Geary-street turntable
case might affect the legality of the ordi
nance passed a few days ago by the
Board of Supervisors condemning the Ho
tel Nvmphia as a public nuisance. That
something may be done immediately to
suppress the place he will test the valid
ity of its existence by the arrest of its
promoters. Attorney Joseph Dunn will
appear for the directors. The warrants
j will be sworn out in Judge Graham's
court.
CRUSHED HER HAND.
Miss Theresa Schoopkin Received Se
vere Injuries in a Printing House.
Miss Theresa Schoopkin, who resides
with her family at 317 Green street, met
with an accident yesterday which is like
ly to result in the loss of her right hand.
The young lady is employed by the Stu
parich Manufacturing Company at 141
Fremont street, and was engaged in ope
rating a press which prints labels on pa
per boxes. In some manner her fingers
became entangled in the large rollers and
before assistance could reach her the ma
chinery had frightfully lacerated her
hand. All possible attention was given
the unfortunate girl and she was hastily
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Thompson dressed the injured
member. He was obliged to' take nearly
fifty stitches in the flesh, and at present
he expresses his doubts whether the hand
can be saved. Miss Schoopkin is about 20
years of age.
Hales. | Hales.
CI^O^SVCIS Headquarters for
school supplies.
£%_- Hsilf-*'^ Big savings in
I CIV I.ICIIW <5 blank books, etc.,
- text books, sta-
GtSOn-UP tionery, valises,
* slates, etc.
yesterday. * *
I . The busiest day of summer wound up a busy July. Hundreds
of people visited the store yesterday (more than we could
handle with the regular force). Extra help was employed, and (
I we think all were waited upon Most of the same lots on the
tables to-day for those who missed yesterday — plenty for every-
body. In addition we quote another list Come early.
Some new clean-ups.
Ladies' Seamless Cotton — Fast black, a flne elastic
stocking, full length, extra high double heels, double soles,
fine and elastic; 3000 pair on the tables until sold, in sizes
S\_ to 10 15c a pair
Boys' Extra Heavy, Bicycle-Ribbed Cotton — Fast
black, hand-twisted yarn, double knees, sizes 6 to 10; 600 pair
on the tables at Hale's until sold ' 14c a pair
Misses' Fast Black Seamless Cotton Hose — A fine ribbed
stocking of good weight, double knees, an excellent hose for
school, sizes 6 to 9%, a Hale's lii 1-iic a pair
Ribbon— About 50 bolts in all, a miscellaneous lot, of all-
silk ribbons, in numbers 40, 60 and SO, manufacturers' rem-
nants, ribbons that sell regularly at 23c. 25c and COc a yard;
most desirable colors, at Hale's lOc a yard
Two-Clasp Pique Walking Glove— A swell little glove in
sizes 5*4 to 7, tans, mode, gray, brown, red and white: many
people would consider this a good glove, for $1 00; price at
Hale's SOt; a pair
Hundreds of school children are buying their school supplies at Hales.
Spool Silk— 6ooo spools Cutter's Silk. 70 yards on a spool,
nearly 250 miles of silk, the kind that sells regularly at 7c; a
good assortment of colors at Hale's ii 1-iic a spool
Whalebone Casing— Good heavy quality, .3 yards to a
piece just enough for a dress; at Hale's until 501d.. 3c a piece
Pearl Buttons — You wouldn't know they were defective,
however these are manufacturers' seconds, 1000 dozen, two
dozen on a'oard; at Hale's until sold oc a card
Fancy Ribbon— 3% inches wide, an excellent quality of all-
silk taffeta, mostly striped effects, a good assortment of col-
or" the 15c kind; at Hale's until sold Oc a yard
' Percale— yards of yard-wide Percale in light and iri-
dium colors, an excellent quality and most desirable colors;
these are short lengths: there is surely something jn the lot
to interest you; the clean-up price is Oc a yard
Huck Towels— l7x36 inches, fine weave, with fringed ends;
you would expect to pay 10c; clean-up at Hale's until sold
J 1-3 c each
Canton ' Flannel— yards, 32 inches wide, an extra heavy
duality regularly selling at 10c; a snap at Hale's until sold
M ' 7c a yard
'" White'' Blankets'— oo'pair of all-wool White Blankets, size
63x76; a 53 50 quality; at Hale's $- 05 a pair
Some new arrivals.
New Dress Goods— Zibe plaids, one of the new plaids for
fall* a rough camels' hair service, in most of the new shad-
ings; one case will be introduced to-day at iioc a yard
"Fancy Suitings— Fancy poplins, broches, jacquards, cords
and stripes, from 40 to 45 inches wide, on sale tables begin-
ning to-day'; a good range of medium and dark colors to
choose from and an excellent line of fabrics; sold regularly at
$100 a yard: your pick at the clean-up *>Oc a yard
One of the best Silk offerings we have made this season-
Two lots of very heavy fancy striped Silks, especially adapt-
ed for fancy waists, tumble from $1 25 to 75c a yard; these
are all good colors and up-to-date in style, 19 inches wide.
at Hale's ............. 7oc a yard
Black Taffeta Silks— guarantee this fabric to give you
rood service; it is full 26 inches wide, the best Swiss make,
soft finish and a deep, lustrous black; at Hale's.. sl OO ayd
935-947 <^^^/^^/ILt^^.^k% a CreSCO
Street. /ff/ /ff/ <*&*&' *M&r <^^jg__mW' don t break
D.im.i linen m y^oiiz^s^y' wa yy,'
Mesh.
MINNIE ADAMS
IS GUILTY OF
CHILD MURDER
The Degenerate Poi
soned Her Baby.
Mrs. Minnie Adams has been convicted
of the murder of her infant son. John
Richard Gray. That she will not walk to
the gallows is due alone to the sympathy
of the twelve good men and true whs ;
passed judgment upon her. They have ,
fixed the' penalty for the crime at im- ,
prisonment for life.
Saturday morning at 11 o'clock the fate
of the murderess was placed in the hands
of the Jury. After an hour's discussion of
the facts of the case a ballot was taken,
and it is said that nine condemned her for
the crime while three stood for her inno
cence. Another discussion followed, and
the second ballot found but one man,
Juror Mehrtens. favorable to the accused.
Then the work of, bringing this juror to
a belief in the prisoner's guilt began. At j
6 o'clock he had not wavered, and Judge
Lawlor ordered the jury locked up for the
night. Sunday morning came, and still
he voted for acquittal. The jury was sent
back for further deliberation, and again
at 1 o'clock was called into the court
room. Foreman Manning stated that the
lone juror simply sat mute and discussion
of the case had ended. Again the jury
was sent back, and at 6 o'clock the same
scene was enacted. . Again the jury went !
back, and at 3 o'clock Monday morning j
Judge Lawlor was informed that the jury j
wanted certain testimony read. Judge j
Lawlor hurried to the courtroom, and then
it was made known that Attorney Mack,
who represented the accused, had left the j
city leaving Judge A. D. Lemon to watch I
the interests of his client. The city was
scoured for Lemon without avail, and i
finally Attorney W. W. Davidson, whose
address was near the court, was appoint- >
ed by Judge Lawlor to represent the ac
cused. Mr. Davidson consented to repre
sent the murderess after the condition of
affairs had been explained to him. Mrs.
Adams also gave her consent to the sub
stitution of counsel, and the jury filed in. I
It was only upon one point that Mr. Mehr
tens hung— the point as to whether Har- j
| rison Tyrrell, the young brother of the
' accused,, had testified as to there being :
I carbolic acid, or any. liquid, in the bottle
: he found, from which' the poison was sub- •
1 sequently poured down the baby's throat, i
The testimony showed that there was not j
! any liquid in the bottle when it was j
j found, and a further reading developed |
I the fact that after Mrs. Adams threw it
| out of the window, after the baby's death,
; there was a quantity of poison left there- |
1 in. This was all the evidence sought. The i
I reading occupied until 3:45 o'clock,, and j
j half an hour later the bell announced
that a verdict had been reached.
Mrs. Adams was brought into court, and
her mother, Mrs. Kelly, and her brother,
John Tyrrell, were seated near. Fore
man Manning rose in response to the
question of the clerk as to whether or not
a verdict had been reached and said:
"We, the jury, find the defendant, Minnie j
j Adams, guilty of murder in the first de
gree, and lix and assess her punishment _
at confinement in the State's prison for
life. So say we all." Then he continued: I
"We all regret the painful duty that has |
been thrust upon us— the painful duty of
passing judgment upon this woman for a |
crime that necessitates such a severe sen
tence. But it was our duty and we have I
obeyed the law." Judge Lawlor bowed |
and the juror took his seat. •
In the meantime Mrs. Adams remained I
mute, not a shadow of emotion crossing j
I her face. Judge Lawlor set August 19 as
the date of sentence, and then informed i
the bailiff to take the jurors to an early j
breakfast and when all had been satisfied |
to procure conveyances and see them to I
their homes. The court further thanked I
the jurors for the attention they gave the
; case and for their thorough deliberation
WHY "BRICK"
McPHERSON IS
VERY ANGRY
Cannot Get His Bail
Reduced.
"Brick" McPherson and Thomas J.
Clisham appeared before Judge Treadwell
yesterday for their preliminary examina
tion on the felony charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. Prosecuting
Attorney Carpenter asked for a continu
ance till to-morrow afternoon, as the po
lice desired more time to get their evi
dence.
Attorney Harvey S. Brown, who repre
sents McPherson, objected strongly to a
continuance and .wanted the case gone on
with at once. His client had been a long
time in jail and was entitled to an im
mediate hearing.
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson then took a
hand in the argument, and asked that
McPherson's bail be reduced to $1000. He
said the defendant could get bondsmen to
that amount.
The Judge refused to reduce the bail
and made an order continuing the cases
till to-morrow. McPherson was very an
gry when taken back to the City Prison,
and remarked: "I guess they have all gone
back on me. Why should all these dubs
stay outside while I am in? Wait awhile;
I will say a few things in a day or so.
Clisham's walking around, air it he?
It was reported yesterday that Clisham
will be a witness for the prosecution
when McPherson's case come , up for. pre
liminary hearing. He insists that he was
an innocent victim in the conspiracy, and
in consideration of his testimony against
"Brick" he will, it la said, be ultimately
discharged from custody. is still play-
Saloon-keener E. N. Smoot is still plaj -
ing peek-a-boo with the police. Attorney
Madden who represents htm. said yester
day that Smoot was keeping under cover
till he could get sufficient bonds and
would surrender himself by to-night at
the latest It was rumored yesterday that
he had disposed of his saloon business on
I arkin and McAllister streets and would
shake the dust of San Francisco from his
fret but this was denied by his friends.
Walter Berry, alias Emert, the other man
in the swindle, has not been heard of. The
police have been unable to find any trace
of him.
before passing judgment that means so
much to the now condemned murderess.
This through. Judge Lawlor left the
bench and with a deputy sheriff on either
side Mrs. Adams left the court. On reach
ing the corridor a realization of her posi
tion came over her for the first time and
she swooned away. Her brother hurried
into the courtroom and procured water,
and soon she was able to resume her jour
ney to her cell. * *
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
■________■
MISSING PROM THE PRESIDIO.
Rollo M. Moffatt Supposed to Have
Been Foully Dealt With.
j. F. Wassun. chief packer at the Pre
sidio, visited police headquarters last
night and invoked the aid of Chief Lees
in finding Rollo M. Moffatt, whom he
fears has been foully dealt with. Moffatt
arrived here about a week ago from
Alaska; and went to work at the Pre
sidio. Saturday afternoon he disappeared
and has not been seen since. He had over
$300 in his pockets, and was possessed of
considerable jewelry and , several gold
nuggets. It is feared that he has fallen
among, thieves and has perhaps been
murdered. He is described as being about
26 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches in height
and weighs about 140 pounds. He waa
dressed ln a dark suit of clothes.