VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 55.
MURDER AND RIOT IN
CLEVELAND'S STREETS
Youth Shot Down by a Conductor, and
Additional Explosions.
Arbitrators Abandon Efforts to Conciliate the Strikers, and
Sympathizers Are Only Held in Check by
Police and Militia.
§EVELAND. July 24.-The day
has failed to bring any relief
\ . to the strike situation, which is
V *— ' ' regard* as serious. Th^ State
if Arbitration has practically
abandoned its efforts to conciliate the
rtrikers and their former employers.
_ __ _
The resentment of the conductors and
motormen who quit work and the
more turbulent spirit of their sym- \
pathizers-is held in check to a degree
by the presence of the police and
militia. Small riots occurred during
the day. but with one exception they
were without serious results.
In the death of Henry Cornweil,
slain by a bullet fired by Ralph P.
Hawley a conductor on the Broadway
line, is the first fatality recorded of the
strike. Shortly after noon Hawley's
car was approaching Orange street and
was beset by a crowd of men and boys.
Cornweil, the 19-year-old son of a
butcher, was astride a horse and rode
to the side of the car. keeping pace
with it for some distance. Various
stories are told as to what passed be
tween the conductor and the boy, but
the mob was suddenly called to its
senses by the sight of Hawley, who
Jumped to the street and started in
pursuit of .well. The latter, closely
followed by his pursuer, turned up
Perry street. At Woodland avenue the
latter drew his revolver and fired. His
victim fell, with a ghastly wound in
the left temple, and died soon after be
ing removed to the hospital.
The crowd, which before the incident
had been so violent, was awed by the
seriousness of the affair and permitted
the conductor to walk back to hi; car.
He was arrested and taken to the sta
tion, where a charge of murder was en
tered against him. When. the. car re
turned in charge of another man. this
time laden with police, thousands of
people crowded around the fatal spot.
The track was blockaded and the
stalled cars bombarded with stones.
pieces •of brick and sticks of wood.
The police managed by dint of using
their clubs to clear the way after a de
lay of about half an hour. -
The police believe they have a clew
to the man who placed nitro-glycerin
which last night blew up a Euclid
avenue car and injured six passengers.
Matthew Robison. who was seen at 2
o'clock this morning driving a horse
and buggy, said to resemble the one in
- EUCLID AVENUE, CLEVELAND, OHIO.
Scene of the wreck of a street car by dynamite, Sunday night. when six passengers were badly injured by the
force of the explosion.
WHY SECRETARY HAY
REFUSES TO ARBITRATE
Firm in the Belief That the United
States Is Bight in the Boun
dary DispuV
WASHINGTON. July 24. as
the Canadian officials have laid stress
upon the refusal of the United States to
accept fair arbitration of the pending
question, it may be proper to explain the
reason for the refusal as pointed out to
day by a high official.
In the first place our Government, it
is contended, is absolutely certain of the
soundness of Its claims ih the matter of
the boundary. That would seem to be a
good reason for submitting the matter
The San Francisco Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. July 24.—Adju
tant General Axline to-day
ordered the Eighth and Fourth
regiments. O. N. ''.. and six un
attached companies to hold
themseH'es in readiness to pro
ceed to Cleveland on an in
stant's notice.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. July 25,
2 a. m. — A special to the Leader
from Columbus says:
"Adjutant General Axline
shortly after midnight received
the following message: 'Send
Second Regiment at once.'
'"The Columbus regiment was
at once ordered to assemble and
should reach Cleveland early this
(Tuesday) morning."
i which the mysterious wrecker rode, has :
been placed in a cell. Robison claims :
: to have found the rig masterless and
took possession, intending to deliver it J
to Charles Steinmetz, a delivery man
iby whom Robison is employed. Mr.
Steinmetz informed the officers that he
rented the outfit last night to a man J
whom he identified vaguely as having j
a lark mustache.
With the exception of the Mayfleld
suburban, all th lines of the big Con
soldiated have been in operation to- j
day, although their movements were
necessarily hampered somewhat.
A repetition of the wrecking of the
1 Euclid avenue car was attempted late
i to-night by strikers or their sympathiz-
I ers in Brooklyn, a suburb of Cleveland. ;
An plosion took place under the car,
but failed to injure it materially.
There were no passengers aboard and <
the conductor ar.d molbrman e*ceped ;
unhurt. j
Rioting broke out afresh here to-night ;
and a second attempt to wreck a car ,
| was made. A Pearl-street car speeding I
j south near Homden avenue, carrying !
I beside the motorman and conductor a I
i guard, successfully ran a gauntlet of \
j missiles thrown from the roofs of
I houses, only to run into a can of nitro- j
| glycerin, which exploded with terrific
force. The rear platform was torn off j
; and the flooring wrenched from its ;
j fastenings. The crew was not injured.
i but emerged from the shattered ruins 1
to arbitration on the ground that a good I
cause had nothing to fear from fair ar- ,
bitrators: but our Government holds that
arbitrators are almost all subject to the
fatal weakness of compromising. In our
case a compromise would amount to the
loss of our whole contention, for once
Canada is admitted to the Lynn Canal we
would be deprived of the only weapon ■
which we now possess for the protection
of our miners going into the Klondike
from extortion and perhaps expulsion.
It was for this reason that Secretary
Hay rejected the Canadian proposal to
arbitrate, attended by the condition that, |
in any case. Pyramid Harbor should be :
bestowed upon Canada. Then, too. it is:
realized that any agreement to arbitrate
might be extremely unpopular In > the
west so that the officials will be gin d to
adjust the matter without resorting- to
arbitration If possible. This has caused
a revival of the project to allow Canada
free port privileges at some specified
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY" 25, 1899.
j with their pistols drawn and began fir
| ing at what they thought was a couple
of men crouching as if to hide them-
I selves behind a small billboard.
| The explosion was the signal for re
newing the attack from the housetops
'■ and alleys. Troop A, hurrying on horse- ;
back to the scene, was bombarded with
giant firecrackers. One of these ex
ploded with such force that the mount
of one of the troopers was knocked
over, in his fall carrying with him two
other horses and their riders. Several
: arrests were made. Pistol shots were
frequently heard and one man was
slightly wounded in the arm. it is said.
ALLEGED BROOKLYN
DYNAMITERS DISMISSED
NEW YORK. July 24.— Police Magis
trate Jacob Brenner of Brooklyn to
day discharged from custody the twen
ty-one men arrested for the alleged
dynamite scheme to blow up the Ele
vated Railroad structure at Fifth ave
nue and Thirty-sixth street last week.
The cases occupied the time of the
court from the opening to the close.
A number of police officers testified to
facts in connection with the arrest of
the men.
William Ashby. employed by the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company to
secure information regarding the strik
ers, also testified. It was Mr. Ashby
who swore out warrants against the
strikers. Ashby repeated his story
about a man arising at the meeting
and declaiming that if the "L" em
ployes did not join the strikers "We
will blow them to hell with dynamite,"
with subsequent cries of "We will,"
••Wft-wJII. " ' Instructed by the~court to
pick out the prisoners he selected thir
teen men. seven of whom were not un
der arrest at all.
The police produced a piece of gas
pipe and some telephone wire found in
the hall. A pair of cheap ply era were
also exhibited as having been taken
from a man named O'Hara. It was ad
mitted by the police that thirteen of
the twenty-one men were arrested out
side of the hall.
The decision of the court dismissing
the prisoners was followed by rounds of
cheers.
port! on the Lynn Canal, Dyea, Skaguay
or Pyramid Harbor perhaps, while allow
ing sovereignty over them to remain in
the United States, and this Is one of the
propositions that is now engaging atten
tion.
JAPANESE ALLIANCE
RUMOR GAINS CREDENCE
It Has Caused Considerable Excite-
ment in Russian
Circles.
SHANGHAI, July 24.— reports re
garding a Japanese-Chinese alliance
which have been persistently denied for
some-time have now assumed definite
form and are causing great excitement
in Russian circles.
FOREST AND
FARM SWEPT
BY FLAMES
Mountaineers Vainly Fight
' a Conflagration Near
San Andreas.
HEAVY DAMAGE DONE
— ♦ —
One Woman Who Prevents Back
• firing on Her Place Loses Every
thing but Her Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
£-*« AN ANDREAS, July 24.— The
SAX ANDREAS, which 24.— The
great forest fire which started on I
j the Shockton place, near Valley
Springs, on Saturday afternoon,
j has developed into the most disastrous
j conflagration of this character ever
j seen in the county. At midnight it had
\ reached a point this side of Wheat's,
i seven miles from where it originated,
I and covering a depth of from eight to
i ten miles. The flames travel rapidly in
I tremendous jumps, devouring every
i thing in their course. No estimate of
i the loss can be made as yet, but it is
; very heavy, notably so in cattle, timber
! and hay. The Sutton. Manuel. McCarty
• and other places are swept clean of
buildings and vegetation, but as far as
is known no lives were lust.
When the fire fighters reached the
place of Mrs. MoCarty, where they de
sired to backfire, Mrs. McCarty ap
peared upon the scene fully armed and
j expressed her determination to kill the
j flrst man who would make such an at-
I tempt. The men left her to her fate
■ and she now has a fine site upon which
I to rebuild her home. Little sympathy
! iS felt for her
j The region in which the fire is now
! raging is the richest and finest grazing
| and agricultural section in the county.
j It is heavily timbered, with heavy belts
i of greasewcicici. which burns like oil, and
i against which it is futile to fight. The
I fire has been gaining in intensity since
; yesterday morning despite the fact that
hundreds of men have been zealously
I laboring night and day to prevent it
' spreading. The men work in regular
j reliefs, being served with meals, waiter
i and stimulants by the women.
It Is hoped that the Calaveras River
bed may prove a barrier to the fire. If
j this* hp- is i.-it realized* the. conflagra
j tion undoubtedly will prove the most
: disastrous ever seen In. the State.
Fires are . raging in the mountains
I back of Mokelumne Hill and along the
; Upper Stanislaus. The former is en-
I dangering the Amador Canal Com
! pany's flumes, while the latter is in
; heavy timber and threatens th.> great
! electric power lines that are being
| operated in that region.
FELL A THOUSAND
FEET TO HIS DEATH
Fatality in a Montana Mine Caused
by a Disarranged
Indicator.
BUTTE, Mont., July 24.— 8y the disar
rangement of the indicator on the hoist
ing apparatus of the West Colusa mine
this afternoon one man was killed and
eight others narrowly escaped The deaJ
man is William Thomas, shift boss. He
started from the bottom of the shaft
for the surface and at various levels other
men got on the cage until there were nine
The indicator had slipped back fort*'
feet and the engineer, not being able to
see the cage, continued to hoist until it
was up to the gallows frame. Thomas,
evidently fearing the impact would break
the cable, jumped when the cage was
near the sheaves. Instead of landing en
the floor of the shafthouse, he struck
an electric wire, which threw him di
rectly into the shaft opening and he went
To the bottom of the shaft, 1000 feet. The
body has not been recovered. The -aide
did "nd part and the engine was stopped
in time to save the lives of the cijht
other men.
ERROR IN DESIGN
OF THE NEW MAINE
Intimated That an Investigation Will
P Bring Out Sensational
Discoveries.
NEW YORK. July 24— A Tribune spe- j
cial from Washington says: A serious !
error has been discovered in the hull de
sign of the new battleship Maine, now I
building at Cramps, and 200 tons of armor j
must be sacrificed to remedy the defect.
It is feared a similar unfortunate condi
tion prevails in the sister ship of the
Maine, the Missouri, at Newport News,
: and the Ohio at San Francisco. If the j
armor is not lightened five inches of her
expensive side plating will be submerged
and she will be top heavy.
Naval officers Intimated rather broadly
: that something more serious than a mere
error would be disclosed if Secretary
Long found an opportunity to go behind
the bureau chiefs in this matter.
THREATENED LYNCHING.
Two Negroes in the Hands of En
raged Whites.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., July 24.— There
will be a double lynching In West Bain
bridge early to-morrow morning unless
something unforeseen occurs. Two more
members of the band of negroes impli
cated in Sammin's confession are In the
hands of a determined posse of whites.
One of the captives is Charles Mack, the
companion in crime of Louis Sammin,
who was lynched yesterday. It was Sam
min and Mack who assaulted Mrs. Ogle
tree 'n the presence of her husband at
Safford, one holding a pistol at the head
I of the husband to prevent his interfer-
I ence. %Zi&. '
Professor Markham Dined.
NEW YORK. July 24.— A complimentary
dinner was given to Professor Edwin
Markham of California, the author of
the poem, "The Man With the Hoe," to
night by the Manhattan Single Tax Club
at the Marlborough .Hotel. About -sev
enty-five members of the club were jres
entto meet Professor Markham.
Has Had Enough of Alaska.
WOODLAND, July 24.— N. B. La Brie
and J. "W. Barnes returned from Alaska
on Sunday night. They left Woodland fhr
the mines in January, IS9S. Mr. La Brie :
•will return to Rampart City next spring,
but Mr. Barnes has had enough of the
northern country and Is content to pass
the remainder of his days in California.
OLD BOSSES FALL OUT
AND HONEST MEN REJOICE
Christopher Buckley, Fiercely Assailed by the
Rainey-Lawrence Combine, Threatens to
Fight Accusers to a Finish.
Ugly Secrets of the Past Divulged — The Knife Was Out for
Senator White— An Electric Franchise Scheme.
CHRISTOPHER A. BUCKLEY.
The war among the Democratic bosses is on. Buckley,
who was fiercely assailed by the Examiner yesterday, retaliates
and divulges many of the ugly political secrets of the past. He
asserts that Rainey is behind the Examiner, and that the Fire
Department is the chief element of strength in the combine.
The assailed boss believes that W. R. Hearst, who tried to
knife Stephen M. White, is a candidate for United States Sena
tor. Buckley asserts that the present -managing editor of the
Examiner once followed him on the streets, hat in hand, beg
ging to be nominated for the Legislature.
THE expected has happened. The
bosses have falter out and the j
honest citizens now* stand a fair
chance of getting their dues. The
Examinees open "att ' on Chris
Buckley clears away all doubt as to the
present relation of Rainey and Buck
ley. These old-time bosses of the Dem
ocratic party are at war one with the
other. It is known as an absolute cer
tainty that Rainey was recently taken
Into the confidence of the Examiner.
Every politician on the inside is dis
cussing the new combine and wonder
ing why Gavin McNab is excluded from
the councils of the paper. The leading
men in the Committee of One Hun
dred appear to be dumfounded at the
remarkable turn of affairs. Jasper Mc-
Donald, chairman of the committee,
cannot account for the peculiar posi
tion of the Democratic organ. The fact
has not escaped the observation of the
committee that Rainey and the Exami
ner are endeavoring to organize clubs
and bring to their support men who
have been active in Democratic poli
tics and whose allegiance was counted
upon to bolster up the McNab column.
The Buckley broadside in yesterday's
Examines makes the fact clear to all
factions that the fight between Rainey
and Buckley is on and will be fought
to the finish. bvv
Buckley is resolved to fight. He pro
poses to give the Examiner as good as
it sends. In one sense this strife.be
tween Buckley and the Examiner is un
natural, as the boss is responsible for
the existence of the paper as a morning
glory of the Democratic party. Buck
ley advised Hearst to buy it, and when
no one happened around to pay its bills
its conductors went to Buckley's saloon
and borrowed money to pay the hired
help. -'' ■."- :'-■'" •'- '.'
It is rumored that Huntington. Her
rin and others of the Southern Pacific
monopoly brought Buckley back into
the political arena to lead the Demo
cratic party. Events at Sacramento last
winter, and subsequent events in San
Francisco, convinced the railroad man
agers that the Republican party con
tained within its ranks so many inde
pendent and courageous men that the
monopoly could not control the rank
and file of the organization.
The agents of the monopoly have
since turned their attention to the man
agement of Democratic politics. If
Herrin is behind Buckley the meaning
of the position is that the railroad j
fancies that Buckley is stronger than j
Rainey. : -;>;; . {:J, : 7%'v : f:i~l't~i ■■■>'<'-
The Call is glad that the Democratic
fight is on. Truth regarding many
shady and corrupt bargains of the past
may be brought to light. If Buckley
decides to speak out and tell all he
knows about corruption in politics and
the tactics of paid newspaper agents of
corruption, the exposure will redound
to the public good. Buckley has prom
ised to tell it all. The first chapter ap
pears in The Call to-day. This journal,
however, will not take sides in the con
troversy. It offers to the Examiner the
same opportunity that it gives to Buck
ley. Rainey likewise may tell of Buck
ley rascality, and The Call will publish
it. If Gavin McNab wants to intervene
and tell what he knows about both of
the bosses The Call will give him a fair
field. In fact, Herrin himself will not
be denied a fair hearing.
Last night Buckley was invited to
explain why the Examiner-Rainey
combine so furiously assailed him.
"I have been told on good authority,"
said Buckley, "and there Is no question
in my mind as to the truth of the as
sertion, that Hearst, the proprietor of
the Examiner, is a candidate for United
States Senator. He was out here last
fall and put money in some of these
legislative fights. The article which
appeared in this morning's Examiner
is a whole tissue of lies from beginning
to end. I never was an inspector in a
primary or general election. I was in
Vallejo as a business man and not as
a politician."
Speaking of Rainey and the paper he
controls. Buckley said: "They have
sent for dozens of my following and
told them to have nothing to do with
me. I anticipated this assault and told
my friends that the paper would at
tack me. This fellow Rainey has fur
nished the information, but I don't
want to mention his name. He is be
neath my notice." -V _
Buckley mentioned as an incident of
his career as a political manager that
he conducted the Senatorial contest for
George Hearst. He hesitated a min
ute, and then replied: "Later on I
will tell the people the secret of that
Senatorial contest. Let the Examiner
continue its attacks."
Continuing. Buckley made his state
ment in these words:
•'I was a conductor on the first street
car, ever run in this city. It was an
occupation a blackmailer never ascends
to. I also kept saloons, but they were
places where the manager and proprie
tor of the 'Mud Mill' would not be tol
erated. I never was a member of the
Republican County Committee, either
here or in Solano.
"I understood that this article was to
be published. I knew that it .was.be
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ing prepared and would he published.
I also understood that the managing
editor of the 'Mud Mill' was telling all
my followers to keep away from me: to
have nothing to do with me. The stuff
printed is simply a rehash of what has
already appeared in the past ten years.
"Many years ago 1 was actively en
gaged with a °*entleman named A. J.
Fritz, as members of the Democratic
organization. W. D. English and other
gentlemen who were members of the
State Committee at that time had the
idea that they wanted a Democratic
organ, and they requested George
Hearst, the mining man, who was
afterward Senator, to purchase the Ex
aminer, which he djd. and turned it into
a morning paper, with W. T. Baggett
as managing editor and W. H. Davis
as business manager. Both gentlemen
are living now and are in this city.
Often when the proprietor was out of
town these gentlemen would come to
me for money and I would advance
them $500, $700 and $1000 to keep that
'Mud Mill' from going to pieces.
"In 1875 Mr. Fritz and myself had
built up a Democratic organization, and
through the aid of the people who were
co-operatins: with us we managed to
elect a ticket in that year lß7s. In 1877
we elected a portion of the ticket. In
1579 the workingmen absorbed the
Democratic party, with the exception
of about 4000 votes, which we polled. In
1580 we compromised with the Working
men's party and carried the city for
Hancock. In 1881, during the delibera
tions of the Democratic convention, the
character of men who presented them
selves was such that I advised against
accepting them. They would not heed
my advice and went to the convention
and nominated them. I then told them
they would be defeated, and my prog
nostication came true, as they were
ignomlniously defeated by 5000 or 10,000
votes.
•'After the defeat of 1881 we then had
in existence a Democratic State Club,
which appointed a committee consist
ing of Washington Bartlett, Joseph
Clark, Judge Hager and two other gen
tlemen for the purpose of bringing
about a reorganization of the Demo
cratic ! party. I. suggested to the com
mittee a plan that the desired result
might be brought about. It was that
the Executive Committee of the State
Central Committee should appoint a
committee of twenty-five and a county
committee of twenty-five, making a
total of fifty. That the County Com
mittee should turn over all its rights to
this committee of fifty, and the com
mittee of fifty was then to formulate
a plan for the reorganization of the
party. This was done and from that
originated the forty-seven precinct
clubs.
"After the clubs were organized
George Hearst came to me and re
quested me to take charge of his con
test for the nomination of Governor of
this State. We secured a large majority
of the San Francisco delegation and
balloted for him for five days at the
Democratic State convention which met
thai year in San Jose. The local ticket
which was nominated that year by the
convention selected by the forty-seven
district clubs, which met in Union Hall,
nominated Washington Bartlett for
Mayor, a Board of Supervisors which
embraced E. B. Pond, J. Henley Smith,
F. S. Strother, Thomas Ashworth. Jef
ferson G. James and others and a whole
municipal ticket. It was elected by up
ward of 10,000 majority.
• "The administration of that govern
ment from 1883 to 1885 is before the peo
ple. It was the best administration of
public affairs that this city has ever
had. In 1884, when, according to this
newspaper. 1 had sold out the party,
Blame carried the State by 4000 ma
jority. Notwithstanding that, we
elected the Mayor, Auditor. County
Clerk. Public Administrator. Mr. Pond
for Supervisor and some other officers.
In 1886 we elected the ticket. In ISRS
we elected the ticket. In 1890. when Mr.
Stanford was a candidate for United
States Senator, his legislative ticket re
ceived 42,000 majority. In that election
Mr. Pond, the Democratic candidate for
Governor, carried the city by a smtil
majority and the local Democratic
ticket received 28,006 votes. 5000 more
than any local ticket has received
since. This is the time referred to in
this article that the city was being
looted and robbed, and during this time
this same managing editor, 'Long
Green' Lawrence, was seen to follow
me around with his hat in his hand,
begging me for a nomination to the
Legislature, which I consented to do at
the request of George Hearst.
"The people should stop to think of
the Government they received from
1882 to 1891. The Democratic adminis
tration of public affairs then was the
best they ever had. The government
was run for $3,850,000 a year. To-day
it costs 16,000,000. What .has been the
cause of this? I will tell you. This
•Mud Mill.' It has quarreled and fought
with every reputable man who I is
come into politics that it could not us-.
"These attacks on me are personal,
not political. The present proprietor of
that paper came to me in the State
convention of 1890 and wanted me to
defeat the aspirations of the Hon. Ste
phen M. White, who was seeking the
indorsement of that convention for
United States Senator. This I refused
to do. He afterward, through an
agent, wanted me to secure for him a
franchise for the Electric Improvement
Company from the Board of Supervi
sors. His agent offered to sell me three
thousand shares of Electric Improve
ment Company stock at $2 a share,
stating that when the franchise was
granted it would be worth $75 a share.
I leave it to the public what I was to
do with this stock. I informed his
agent if he wanted to do business of
that kind he would have to do it him
self, as I was not engaged in it. So
you' can see, as I say, his persecution
of me is personal, not political."
In reply to questions s as to the ad
vancement of money to the Examiner,
Mr. Buckley said he got back the
money loaned. Speaking of Lawrence's
career in the Legislature, he said the
managing editor of the Examiner was
a nonentity. "But," he continued. "I
do know, according to the papers, that
(Continued on Fifth Page.}2
CONVERTED YACHTS FOR
CENTRAL AMERICAN WATERS
The Dorothea, Frolic, Hawk and Viking Off Cape Charles.
According to a dispatch to The ("all from Washington, the Navy Department proposes to arm four yachts
which are to do service in Central American waters in case of emergency, with formidable batteries. The Do
rothea will be nicest heavily armed. She will be supplied with six 6-pounders and four Colt automatic machine
guns, a very heavy armament for such comparatively small craft. The Frolic will be supplied with four 6
pounders and two Colts. The Hawk will receive two 6-pounders and two Colts, and the Viking will probably
have a similar battery. All the vessels are light draught, ranging from eight and a half to twelve feet, and
they are- consequently able to get closer to shore than a regular man-of-war.
DEWEY WILL BE
GOTHAM'S GUEST
Invitation of Mayor Van
Wyck Accepted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 24. — Mayor Van
Wyck to-, say received the following cable
gram from Admiral Dewey:
"TRIESTE. July 24.— Mayor Van Wyck.
New York: Letters received ana invita
tion accepted. Expect to arrive about Oc
tober 1. Will cable dennitely from Gib
raltar. Have written. DEWEY."
Admiral Dewey's cablegram is in re
sponse to an invitation from the Mayor
asking him to be the guest of the city
upon his arrival in New York and request
ing him to express any desires he may
have in connection with the programme
for his reception.
The committtee on lane', parade and dec
orations for the Dewey reception met to
day and decided to Invite the Governor of
each State to send a portion or the whole
of the National Guard to take part in the
land parade.
TRIESTE. July 24.— A correspondent of
the Associated Press to-day visited Ad
miral Dewey on board his flagship Olym
pia and was cordially received, being re
quested to convey .he admiral's thanks to
the Associated Press. Admiral Dewey
said that although he had received many
Invitations from Americans sojourning in
Carlsbad he had never Intended going
there.
'"Look at me." said the admiral, "do I
look like a sick man? Do I look as if 1
required Carlsbad treatment? I am quite
healthy, and though I will be 62 next De
cember I feel quite young in health and
spirits, and from my humor you will no
tice that what I tell you is quite correct.
1 came to Trieste solely to recruit the
health of my crew, they having passed
seventeen months in the tropics without a
l real
"My reception by the Austrian officials
was most friendly, and according to the
usual etiquette. All reports of the Em
peror's declining me a reception are un
founded.
"1 expect to main in Trieste about a
week longer and shall then proceed, pr<«»
ably to Naples. Further details and
plans have not been decided upon, but
the cruiser will remain during the whole
of August at Mediterranean ports. The
last port touched in Europe will be Gib
raltar, where we will only take on coal
and stores. We are expected in New York
by October 1. I have accepted Invita
tions to receptions by the citizens of New
York and Washington, and am already in
possession of a photograph of the sword
of honor voted me by the American Con
gress."
Admiral Dewey absolutely refused to
talk upon poetical subjects, and when
asked what he thought regarding Eng
land, replied: "I have not thought any
thing yet."
The admiral this afternoon made an
other carriage excursion to the Chateau
of Miramar.
STREET DUEL WITH
WHIPS AS WEAPONS
Two Sturdy Men Lash One Another
for Ten Minutes at San
Anselmo.
SAN ANSELMO. July 24.— A duel of a
novel character occurred here yesterday,
in which two sturdy men stood for ten
minutes and lashed each other with
horsewhips, to the intense interest of a
large crowd that was waiting for a train.
Both men were painfully injured in the
contest, which was terminated only by
the horses of one of the combatants run
ning away.
John lago, who is foreman of a wood
choppers' camp at Camp Taylor, came to
San Anselmo to get a quantity of sup
plies expected on the next train. li*
tied his horses in front of the regular
hitching posts in such a way that the
large lumber wagon allowed room for no
body else's vehicle. When Eric Pereari,
the proprietor of a resort at Fairfax, ar
rived and demanded room in which to tie
bis team he was refused. Pereari struck
lago's horses with his whip to make them
move along and was- answered with a
blow from lago's whip. Leaping to the
ground, whip in hand, both men went at
it and for ten minutes rained blows upon
one another, lago had no coat on and
got the worst of the contest, but stuck
to his whip and lashed his opponent
across the back and head until some
women witnesses begged the men present
to interfere.
At this juncture lago's team took fright
and ran away. The owner desisted from
the fray and ran after them, with the
blood streaming from a cut across the
-cheek. Pereari had several welts across
the face.
ADRIFT AND HELPLESS
FOR ELEVEN DAYS
British Steamer Alnmere Towed Into
Halifax With a Broken
Shaft.
HALIFAX, N. S., July 24.— The steamer
Daniel entered the harbor this afternoon
towing the Alnmere, which is disabled.
The Alnmere halls from Newcastle. Eng
land, and has lost her tail shaft and pro-
peller.
The Alnmere had been adrift for eleven
days In a helpless condition. Her shaft
snapped in a gale on July- 10 and in the
rolling seas the propeller was carried
away. The steamer was driven about
until Friday, when the Daniel picked
*"=>»• UD.
EVANS MAY BE
TRANSFERRED
Disliked by the Grand
Army Men.
Special Dispatch to The '-all.
CAPE HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, July 24.—
Efforts are being made to induce Presi
dent McKinley to forestall the formal re
quest from the Grand Army encampment
for the removal of H. Clay Evans, Com
missioner of Pensions, by transferring
him to some other field. It is an embar
rassing situation for the President, but,
unlike the conditions which brought about
Mr. Alger's retirement. Commissioner
Evans' removal is demanded because he
has too conscientiously performed his
duty.
A special commission appointed by the
Grand Army was recently in Washington
to investigate the doings of Mr. Evans
as commissioner and will report to the
Grand Army encampment which will
meet in Philadelphia In September. Five
members of this committee called upon
the commissioner and the President, and
after concluding their investigation of
the work of the Pension Office separated,
each agreeing to put his individual views
in writing by the time the committee
comes together in September.
During their conference with the Pres
ident, it is understood, they found much
fault with the obstacles they assert Com
missioner Evans was putting In the way
of old soldiers and their widows receiv
ing pensions. And. it is stated, It is Inti
mated that the President might save him
self considerable embarrassment by trans
ferring the commissioner to some other
post.
When these complaints against Mr.
Evans were first made the President paid
little attention to them, but he ls now
said to be wavering. In spite of the fact
that Commissioner Evans has been more
than 01 cc praised by the administration
for his administration of the Pension
Office, it would not be at all surprising.
in view of recent developments, if the
President yielded to the pressure now
being brought to bear on him and trans
ferred Mr. Evans to another office better
than or "equally as good" as the one he
holds.
JEALOUSY LEADS TO
ATTEMPTED MURDER
Stockton Man Stabs His Pretty Wife
While Her Alleged Lover Of
fers No Defense.
STOCKTON, July 24.— Young and hand
some Mrs. Nasio Bacon, with her baby in
her arms, was furiously attacked by her
jealous husband last evening and stabbed
In a dozen places, while her alleged lover,
pistol in hand, stood by without offering
help. The husband made his escape.
The assault occurred near the southwest
corner of Goodwater Grove shortly before
8 o'clock. The- woman, her clothing satu
rated with blood, was carried to a house
near by, # and her companion started for
the city, "saying he was going after a doc
tor and an officer. That was the last seen
of him for the night, and It was not until
11 o'clock that the terrible deed was re
ported ln this city and surgical aid sent
to the scene.
Back of the stabbing lies a story of do
mestic trouble brought about by the al
leged lnfatuatloh of Mrs. Bacon for Pedro
Pagano, a young gardener. When the
woman was picked up she still held her
babe in her arms. The infant was cov
ered with blood, and slept as peacefully
as though in a cradle.
Young Burglars Arrested.
MARY'S VILLE, July 24.— Harry Miller
and Alfred Johnson, who claim a resi
dence in San Francisco, and William
Holmes of Minnesota, aged 18, 21 and 16,
respectively, were arrested here to-day
for the burglary of a barn, from which
they took some harness and a lot of sacks
! last night. They were selling the booty
, when captured. Holmes, who is colored,
: was carrying a slungshot.
BUYING BIG TRACTS '
OF SUGAR BEET LAND
The Oxoards Jovesting io the
Soil of Ventura
County.
VENTURA, July 24.— Toland & Andrews, attorneys for the Oxnards, _
§• have filed for record with the County Recorder two deeds whereby the c?
£* John, D. - Patterson ranch, consisting of 5576 acres, is conveyed to Samuel Q
Q C. Herrimom and thence to the Patterson Ranch Company. The consld- 88
g eration Is $500,000. The Oxnards own the controlling shares in this ranch &
__ company and they also possess 3000 acres in the Etting tract. One-third <a
& of each tract will be devoted to the culture of sugar beets each year. 28
*3 The Oxnards are very desirous to obtain control of other large #
£5 ranches in this county. Dixey Thompson, owner of the famous Bean g
£ ranch, containing 2300 acres, has been approached by the Oxnards, who &
£5 would like to lease the tract for five or ten years. A part of the Cal- A
# leguas ranch of 10,000 acres In Pleasant Valley is desired by them. It is 55
28 reported that the sugar company wants to lease some of Thomas Bard's #
8 lands at Las Posas. ; ". ■ vV :':: ; " 28
•3 Over 14,000 acres were planted to beets in this county this season. §
g The yield is estimated at 200,000 tons. <}
%t9Gm\a*___*\__^^ asfc-icwsKßrasS
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
• *
SHERIDAN SAFE
IN MANILA BAY
Brings Reinforcements
to General Otis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, July 24.— United States
transport Sheridan, which sailed from
San Francisco June 25 with reinfo_
ments for General E. S. Otis, arrived here
to-day. On July IS a great waterspout
was discovered directly in the course ■ >:'
the ship, and to avoid It It was necessary
to make a detour of several miles.
General Otis has received a letter dated
July 2 and signed by Charles BlanConi
and Fred Heppe, respectively, assistant
engineer and third officer of the hospital
ship Relief, who were captured by Fili
pinos off Paranaque on May 30. The letter
says the prisoners in the hands of the
insurgents "are receiving excellent treat
ment, but the suspense of fearing the
loss of our positions is terrible." The
writers beg General Otis to Intercede for
their release, and he has taken steps in
that direction.
Two Augustinian friars who had landed
frcm the Hongkong ship have been ar
rested here. it Is said they had docu
ments upon their persons snowing they
were agents of the Filipino Junta at
Hongkong and that they intended to bear
messages to Agulnaldo.
On board the transport Sheridan are
Brigadier General Samuel B. Young and
aids, Colonel Daggett, Major Quiblon,
Companies B and ll of the Fourteenth
Infantry-. 239 enlisted men and two com
pany officers, Troops A and F, Fourth
Cavalry, seven officers and 171 enlisted
men; Lieutenant Moss and 25 men of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, eight hospital
corps men and 41 members of the Signal
Corps, as well as 1248 recruits for the
regiments already in the Philippines.
DETAILS OF THE
BATTLE ON NEGROS
WASHINGTON, July 24.— The War
Department to-day made public the ca
blegram received yesterday from General
Otis, giving fuller details of the light, with
the robber band on the island of Negros.
Its text is us follows:
The campaign against the mountain rob
ber bands on Negros was more successful
than at first reported. Byrne with his
seventy men, killed one-third %C the 450
assembled. Including their leader, a Span
iard or Spanish Mostlzo. Pursuit was
then made by Lieutenant Evans and a
detachment of the Sixth Infantry, who
killed three and captured one of the rob
bers. They also captured many spears
and bolos and a large quantity of pro
visions and destroyed 100 huts. The two
casualties in Byrne's fight are Private
David S. Anderson, killed, and Albert B.
Jerkes, slightly wounded, both of Com
pany X. . OTIS."
The War Department also received tho
following from General Otis at Manila:
"Additional casualties;* Killed — First
California Infantry, at Bolung, Negros,
July 1, Company E, Walter E. Swe<-nie;
Ninth Infantry, San Luis, July 18, Com
pany X, Edward B. Webster.
"Wounded— First California Infantry, at
Bolting. Negros, Company X, Claude
Hulf, arm, slight: Twenty-first Infantry,
near Morong, 17th, Company C, Francis
Glancey, knee, moderate; Ninth Infan
try, near San Luis, 18th, Company K. Ser
gant Herbert L. Hartwick, arm", slight."
STRUVE WILL RECOVER.
WATSONVILLE, July 24.-Lawrence
Struve, who was shot by his uncle, Peter
Storm, on Saturday night, will soon re
cover from the -wound inflicted. It is not
thought the prosecution of Storm will be
pushed by the Struves, owing to the fact
that they do not wish their family
troubles aired In court. It is not thought
the failure to prosecute will lessen In any
way the 111-feeling that exists between
the male members of the several families.
DISAPPEARANCE
OF A SENATOR
Friends of Beveridge
Are Worried.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, July There has
been some concern here over the
present whereabouts of Senator Al
bert J. Beveridge. Letters last re
ceived from Nagasaki, Japan, dated
\ June 30, showed that he was quaran
tined on board Ship near there, with
the Asiatic plague on the vessel. One
of these letters, apparently smuggled
ashore, was from the Senator himself.
j He states that the victims on board
I were Chinese from Hongkong. In the
I letter the Senator says: "Thank heaven,
i Mrs. Beveridge is at Kioto."
i There has been no cablegram from
! him since the date of the letter. Mr.
j Beveridge has been over a great deal
| of china and traveled over 400 miles on
i horseback around Manila. He was with
i Lawton in his advance and was under i
Ore several times. Advices by mail say
the Senator had a close call in one en
gagement, four bullets being imbedded
in a tree against which he was stand-
SENATOR A. J. BEVERIDGE.
ing. several within a few inches of his
head.
A. J. Beveridge, who was chosen to suc
ceed Senator Turpie in the United States
Senate, was born a poor boy. He did
chorea on a farm, then went to the city
and sold papers on the streets, then
studied law, and was admitted to the bar.
Everything he has won for himself by
his own. unaided efforts. This Is not to
say ne did not gain friends, who have
been of great help t.i him. His talents
drew men to him. In the Presidential
campaign of 1896 a Chicago millionaire
wanted to gel Mr. Beveridge out to Chi
cago to deliver a Republican speech a
the Auditorium. He. spoke to the Repub
lican committee about him, but the com
mittee, not knowing much about the Indi
ana man, declined to incur the expense.
The Chicago man, whose name is J. O.
Shaffer, agreed to pay the expense. Still
the committee hesitated, but Mr. Shaffer
said he- would also guarantee the quality
of the speech, So the engagement was
made. When Beveridge rose to speak he
was probably not half so anxious as his
Chicago friend, whoso political reputation
was at stake. Mr. Beveridge began slowly
and quietly, but before long his fine ora
ton began tee rouse the audience of 50W
men to enthusiasm. Time after time they
rose i nd cheered him, and his triumph
was complete. Then the committee was
anxious to take Mr. Shaffer's financial un
dertaking off his hands, but he was just
as anxious to keep it. One result of the
speech was thai when the Chlcagoans
went to the Omaha exposition to cele
brate Chicago day they sent for Bever
idge 10 go along and make their speech
for them, which he did with great suc
cess. Mr. Beveridge is a young man with
classic features, long dark hair and im
posing presence. He Is a brilliant lawyer
and a natural orator.
SIMPLE SERVICES OVER
INGERSOLL'S REMAINS
Dr. Ridpath Will Read the Famous
Eulogy and the Body Will Then
Be Cremated.
NEW YORK. July -Simple funeral
exercises over the body of the late Rob
ert (1. Ingersoll will be held at Wal
ston, the Ingersoll summer home at
Dobbs Ferry, at 4 o'clock to-morrow af
ternoon.
Dr. John Clark Ridpath, who was for
many years a close, personal friend of
Colonel* Ingersoll, will read the eulogy de
livered by Colonel Ingersoll upon his
brother Clarke. Dr. Rldpath will also
read "My Creed," the last poem written
by Colon* Ingersoll. and will afterward
make a brief address.
John R. Smith of Dobbs Ferry, a warm
friend of the great orator and lecturer,
will read other selections from Ingersoll's
writings. . , 
Early Wednesday morning the family
will accompany the remains to Fresh
Pond 1- 1.. where the body will be cre
mated. They will bring the ashes back
to Dobbs Ferry, and they will be deposit
ed In an urn, which will be surmounted
with the bust of Colonel Ingersoll, to bo
made from the death mask made to-day
by John Gray Bernard, the New York
sculptor. The only music that will be
heard to-morrow afternoon will be Selg
fried's funeral march.
The mall to-day brought over 300 letters
of condolence, and telegrams continue
to pour in from all parts of the country.
Among those received to-day was one
from Julia Marlowe, the actress, now in
London, England. Another long one was
from Rev. R. H. Pullman, who was a
personal friend of Colonel Ingersoll.
Many theatrical people sent letters of
condolence, among them being H. C. Bar
naby. Augusta Thomas. Nate Salisbury
and Stuart Robson. Telegrams were re
ceived from the Brooklyn Philosophical
Association, the American Secular So
ciety and kindred organizations.
SAVERS HOPES TO
EXTRADITE KEETON
Filed a Statement Charging Him With
Stealing Sheep in Sutton
County.
AUSTIN, Tex., July 24.— Governor Say- j
ers has not yet abandoned hope of secur- j
ing the extradition of John Keeton, now
In jail at Juarex, Mexico, and wanted in |
Coleman County, Texas, to answer the j
charge of participating In the robbery of i
a Texas and Pacific passenger train and j
killing the fireman. In response to a i
request of the Mexican Government the !
Governor to-day forwarded to the United ;
States extradition agent at El Paso cer- j
, tified copies of judgments and sentences I
against Keeton's accomplices, together :
with a certified copy of the testimony of I
the State's witnesses as It appears ln the |
statement of facts used on appeal, which
facta connect Keeton with the crime. Sup
plementary to this evidence the Gover
nor to-day filed an additional application
for Keeton's extradition based on an mi
i dictment found against him in Sutton
i County for sheep-stealing.
The Mexican Government's refusal
I to grant the first application for Keeton's
extradition was on the ground that he is
charged In the application with being an
accomplice in Coleman County and that
the extradition treaty does not provide
for the extradition of persons charged i
with being accomplices in a crime.
Marblehead and Newark.
WASHINGTON, July • 24.— The cruiser
Marblehead has arrived at Coquimbo and
the cruiser Newark has sailed from Mull
ends for Callao. Both are en route for
San Francisco. '
RETURN TO TELL
OF THE HORRORS
OF EDMONTON TRAIL
Fifty -= Seven Survivors Bring
News of the Scores That
Perished.
WRANGEL. Alaska, July 20, via Seat- .
I tie, July 24.— Stickeen River steamers j
Strathcona and Cases arrived here -yester- j
day with fifty-seven survivors of th? hard.
ships of the Edmonton trail to Dawson, j
These unfortunates had been on the trail j
I nearly two years, and they related tales i
of suffering and demonstrated the non- I
feasibility of both the land and water
1 routes overland.
Under orders from the Canadian Gov- i
: ernment the Hudson Hay and other trad
ing companies have sent out relief parties |
to bring in the several hundred sick and
starving still struggling along the Laird
and Pelly rivers. During the past winter
it is estimated fifty died of scurvy and as
! many more were drowned, wide others
returned to Edmonton.
Strong language is used in decrying the
misrepresentations sent to newspapers by
agents of the transportation and trading
companies operating at and above Ed
monton, as well as by Canadian officials,
who recommended the route as a practica- !
ble one. The majority of the survivors
are without funds. Most of them are
American citizens, and the local authori
ties are notifying the Washington officials |
of their destitute condition.
The following is a list of the returning
survivors: D. L. Shawhorn, St. Louis; J.
K. linings. St. Louis; O. L. Ingles, Los
Angeles: G. Cosman. Los Angeles; L. Ste
vens, San Francisco; J. K. -tastings, Bos
ton; M. P. Corning, West Virginia; L.
Hopkins, Michigan; J. Seymour, Montana;
L. J. Gibbon, Montana; S. McQulnn, Nova
Scotia; A. Coswell' New Brunswick: J. P.
Mansfield, Los Angeles: H. M. Payne,
Northwest Territory: T. M. Simpson. Yar
mouth, N. S. : J. Morrison, Selkirk. N. W.
T.; J. Hansen, Chicago; D. Davis, Mon
tana; E. L. Kean; Manchester, N. H.; «'.
W. Gilmore, Manchester, X. H.; L. H.
Baird Northwest Territory; 11. F. Barth
lines. Nova Scotia; J. N. Hamer. Los An
geles; J. 11. Dowdy, Montana; H. Peter
son Minneapolis; J. Pruden, Selkirk, X.
W. T. : P. W. Ferguson, Yarmouth, N. S.;
T. J. McHugh, Manchester, N. H.; A. Lil
ga, Minneapolis: J. I meson, Ontario; X.
McLcod. Nova Scotia; J. P. Erikson. Mm
neapolis; W. J. Dawson. Wyoming; J.
Nesbit, Canada; W. Gillis, Canada; J.
Hanna, Montana; D. Fisher, Ontario; S.
Olsen. Nova Scotia; G. Miller. Minneap
olis W. Dick. Los Angeles: T. Johnson,
Halifax N. S. : J. Allen. Montana; J.
Bamstron, Philadelphia; S. L. Shannon,
California; G. A. Sheppard, England: L. j
O'Neill Michigan; J. Kearney, Oregon;
i • Jones. Northwest Territory; P.
Flemming. Yarmouth, N. S.; L. Rox
; wortbv. Portland. Or.; J. Ennght. Chi- ;
I cago: "C. H. Griffin, Montana; Joseph
Heanev. Victoria; Joseph Kent, Boston;
W. S. "Reynolds, Ottawa; Harold Paine,
Victoria. _ , , I
SEATTLE, July 24.— A Times special
from Vancouver, B. C., says: C. R. Malt
by. who arrived here yesterday from
Dawson, was fifteen months on the Ed
i monton route. With about one hundred
other prospectors he wintered at Wind
City. When he left in January sixteen
men were sick with scurvy. He heard in
March that Dr. Mason of Chicago and XV.
Gouchie, son of a Chicago banker, were
dying. ''■ , ,
There were about fifty men stranded
1 there scurvy stricken and frozen. E.
: Harris of Hamilton had both feet frozen
and they were amputated at the ankles.
Two Russians named Boorman from Cal- i
ifornia were dying with scurvy. They !
! were living on the sittings of sour flour j
i only. J. Patterson, son of Lieutenant
Governor Patterson of Manitoba; J. Coats, |
- worth, a Chicago lawyer, and Cecil .Mer*
I ritt, a Toronto lawyer, were stranded In ;
i Wind City in March.
All would have been well if the Indian j
ENTOMBED ALIVE
BY AN EXPLOSION
Four Miners Perish at
Their Posts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BROWNSVILLE. Pa., July 24.— An
i explosion of gas and fire damp occurred
| in the mine of the Redstone Coal Oil
! and Gas Company at Grindstone, five
i miles from here, by which seventy men
I were entombed. Four men have been
! taken from the mine— two dead and
j two injured. All but two of the re-
I maining men in the pit when the ex
| plosion occurred were able to make
' their escape, so the list of dead num
bers four, all Hungarians. They are:
Stephen Skleaner, John Yankora, Jo
i seph Lucas and George L. Humick. The
injured men have been sent to the hos
pital at Connelsville. They are slightly
burned and will recover. The two men
■ In the mine are supposed to be d-.ad.
The explosion occurred just as the
i miners were entering the pit by way of
| the shaft, which is 240 feet deep. Those
! who were in the mine, except the six
i killed and two injured, made their es
i cape by way of two other entrances.
There was great excitement when the
explosion occurred and a large crowd
of women and children quickly gath
ered about the pit mouth, wailing for
those ln the mine who might be dead.
It was several hours before the extent
of the disaster was known, as the mm!
-! ers who escaped by the two exits had
! to walk several miles to return to the
i pit mouth. The explosion was caused
j by a fall in entry 10, which drove an
I accumulation of gas into another en-
I try, where It ignited by a digger's open
lamp. ____________________
ASKS FOR FRANCHISE
FOR ELECTRIC ROAD
SAN JOSE. July 24.— There Is a prob
ability that Alviso and San Jose will be
connected by an electric railway. A.
Greeninger to-day renewed his applica
tion for a franchise. He agrees to com
mence work within six months and to
have the line in operation in eighteen
months. _ " , _ _ , .
Prominent San Jose and San Francisco
capitalists are associated with Greenln z-r
in the building of the road. The German
Savings and Loan Society recently pur
chased the First-street Electric Railway
under foreclosure proceedings, and it is
said it will be deeply Interested in the
Alviso road. The new railway will either
be a part of the First-street system or
else secure Its power from that company.
An electric road to Los Gatos, by way
of Campbell, ls being projected by the
same persons.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED. .
Monday, July 24.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus, Manila, via Hono
lulu. TELEGRAPHIC.
TELEGRAPH ir.
POINT LOBOS. July 24, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived July Stmr New Eng
land, from St Michael.
ST MICHAEL— In port July 12— Stmrs St
Paul, National City; barks Oregon and Hunter;
schrs A M Baxter and Carrier Dove.
Sailed July 11— Stmr Bertha, for San Fran
cisco; stmr' Lakme. for Seattle; stmr Ethel
Zane, for Port Townsend.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived July 24 — Stmr
Bremen, from New York, for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 24— Stmr Ems,
k from New York, via Naples and Genoa.
. guides could have been Induced to navi
gate beyond the divide after reaching
■ Wind City, but then- they stopped, say
i ing that savages, ten feet high, roamed
' through the mountains and crushed men
I between their thumbs and fingers and ate
I them up. The Indians reported several
; parties lost in the mountains. These men
1 will never be heard of again. It was after
the Indian guides loft them that they
strayed into the section of the country
where there was no fuel, and there froze
i to death. .The parties quarreled among
< themselves, owing to uncongenia'ity, anil
dividing provisions they took different
routes. Many remnants of parties were
lost in this way; for in their anger tney
left the Indian guides with the main por
tion of thee party and wandered away to
the mountains to become lost.
Mr. Maltbv urges that the- Canadian
Government take action against these
who are responsible for having advertised
the Edmonton trail as a feasible route to
Dawson, when It is nothing but a death
! trap. _M
GOLD FROM ATLIN.
First Shipment of Dust Out of the
New District.
SKAGUAY*, July 20, via Seattle. July 24.
One hundred and thirty thousand dollars
in gold dust came in on the evening train
from Atlin. The shipment was made by
the Atlin branch of the Merchants' Bank
of Halifax. Mr. Hotsford. traveling aud
itor of the bank, had with him an assort
ment of nuggets, the largest of which was
over sixteen ounces of pure gold.
Jesse F. Murphy, a well-known poli
tician of Olympia. Wash., brought out a
collection of handsome nuggets worth
$1000. The productive creeks as reported
in this shipment are Pine, Wright. Wil
low. Musket, Otter. McGee and Spruce.
Blankenship, on Wright, had the largest
individual success, and Willow has proved
rich beyond expectation. Dr. Runnells of
Puvallup is working twenty-five men on
this creek and taking out a very large
amount of- dust dally. Very rich quartz
has recently been struck on this creek
by Christopher of Portland.
Judge Irving is settling up disputed
claims as rapidly as possible, and in every
case is showing a preference for the orig
inal locator, generally an American. His
decisions give general satisfaction. Hun
dreds of claims are idle owing to dis
putes, and hundreds of others are idle be
cause the owners do not care to go on
them while the close season lasts. It is
believed, however, that the season will be
opened August 1. and that during the next
two months the output will be a great
surprise.
SUSPECTED OF MURDER.
Twiner Rescued From Death at Sea
Ends His Life.
JUNEAU, Alaska. July 18 (via Seattle,
July 24». Anton Baluh, an Austrian
miner, shot and killed himself to-day. His
suicide was the final act of an unusual
experience.
A few days ago Raluh was picked up at
sea ln an open boat off the mouth of
Copper River by the small steamer Dora.
His only provisions consisted of some
dried apples and a small quantity of fresh
water. In broken English he said he had
been struggling against the waves three
days. He and a companion named Bru
nell, formerly of Troy, N. _"., had started
out from Sunrise City in an open boat.
A heavy sea swamped the boat, . and
Brunell was drowned. Some of the
passengers on the Dora intimated to Ba
luh that he had made away with Brunell,
and his constant brooding over this Is
thought to have caused his self-destruc
tion.
OPPOSED TO THE
DUMDUM BULLET
Action of International
Peace Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, July 24.— final act
embodying the results of the Interna
tional Peace Conference, after enumer
ating the names and qualifications of
all the delegates, says:
In a series of meetings in which the
above delegates participated, inspired
throughout by the desire to realize in the
highest possible measure the generous
views of its august initiator, the confer
ence has drawn up for the approval of
the respective Governments the series of
conventions and declarations appended:
Convention for the pacific settlement of
international disputes. ;. \: ; :
Convention concerning the laws and
customs of war on land.
Convention for the adoption of laws
against the use of asphyxiating or dele
terious gases for balloon projectiles and
for the prohibition of the use of bullets
that easily expand in the human body.
The final act contains five expressions
of opinion, as follows:
The conference considers that limita
tions of the military charges which at
present oppress the world are greatly to
be desired for the increase of the material
and moral welfare of mankind.
The conference expresses the opinion
that the question of the rights and duties
of neutrals should be inscribed on the
programme of a conference to be held at
an early date.
The conference expresses the opinion
that the questions relative to the type and
caliber of rifles and naval artillery as
examined by it should be the subject of
study by the different Governments with
a view to arriving at a uniform solution
by a future conference.
The conference expresses the wish that
an early convention be called to revise
the Geneva convention.
The .conference had resolved that
questions relating to the inviolability
of private property in war on land and
the bombardment of towns or villages
in naval war be reserved for future
conferences.
The convention was signed by all the
plenary delegates.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— The United
States will not be bound by the reported
decision of The Hague conference to
prevent the use of the dumdum bullet
in warfare. So far we have not been
obliged to resort to the use of this bul
let, but the ordinance officers have been
making experiments to secure an in
creased "stopping" effect for the small
caliber ball used in the Krag-Jorgensen,
and these experiments have proceeded
somewhat on the lines of the dumdum
ball.
The specific reason why Captain Cro
zier and the remainder of the Ameri
can delegates voted against the pro
posal to prohibit the dumdum bullet
was because their general instructions
forbade them to pledge this Govern
ment to any line of action that would
retard the development of inventive
genius in war. Adhesion to the pro
tocols is voluntary. Great Britain also
refuses to prohibit the use of the dum
dum bullet.
GIRL COMMITS SUICIDE.
Had Been Threatened With a Term
in a Reform School.
LOS ANGELES. July Miss Emma
Nolte, 1" years old, committed suicide by
taking strychnine at 12 o'clock last night
Dr. W. B. Wood was summoned, but she
was found to he beyond medical aid. It
appears that she had been out late at
: night, and upon being reprimanded and
[threatened with the reform school if, she
1 did not amend she took the poison."
"""■-. ' .* ■'-'/-.-. _. ■ •.-. re-;.'--...' —
IjrpU 1 SLEEP-
3 " _^_^^,l-_^i^ NF^
SLEEP-
NESS
19 A CONDITION FRAUGHT WITH GREAT
diinger. Sleeplessness denotes .1 weakened
condition of the nervous system, and If pro-
longed may overthrow the reason.
Sleeplessness is one >•:' the early symptoms
of nervous decline, and nervous decline Is a
forerunner of complete nervous prostration.
i Stud] your case, in order that you may thor-
oughly understanu your condition. Fig. 1 de-
; notes . dizziness, headaches or vertigo; Fig. i
: hollow eyes and dark rings under eyes: Fig.
3 paleness" and emaciation: Fig. 4 coated
tongue; Fig. 5 palpitation of heart; Fig. 6
bloating and soreness In stomach: Fig. 7 tor-
pid liver;. Fig. S. weakness of limbs. These
art all symptoms that warn yen that you are
threatened with nervous prostration. Again.
' you may feel 'languid. -your sleep is disturbed
by horrid dreams, your appetite is poor, your
; memory is Impaired all these denote a break-
! ing down of your nerves. .
"Take HUDYAN.. for HUDYAN strength-
ens and - tranquilizer tr.* 1 nerves. HUDYAN
promotes sound Bleep, the sleep that brings
health and vigor In its train. HUDYAN pro-
duces rosy cheeks. :-:-i'.---
. HUDYAN cures
i ▼ -* ♦ Nervous Exhaustion.
MEN AND HVD V A N averts
WOMEN Complete N c r v o v s
ADVISED Prostration. HV D -
FREE Y\.\ possesses reme-
- a || /-..- - \A7_i*« dial properties that
', Call or Write. he i on ~' to it alone.
i ■* ~ "*■ properties which place*
It above any other remedy known to medical
science. If you notice any of th«. above symp-
i toms, be cured by HUDYAN. ; .
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a
: package, or six packages for 12 50.
! If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send "direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. cal.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN* DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WHITE.
MUNYON'S INHALER
' -^^%, Cures Catarrh,
a Cures Catarrh,
Hay Fever,
Wz^W Asthma and
--v. All Throat and Lung
/ T wm<§fek Diseases,
v •■ , /|' ! cffl J lv>J : and .
x-^Ht-i^ Prevents
icLi^_^-<<, Consumption
T^ J BY INHALATION.
It heals the sore spots.
It heals the raw spots.
> It goes to the seat of disease.
It penetrates obscure places where drugs
taken into the stomach cannot reach.
It acts as a balm and tonic to the whole
system. v *
Better than doctors.
Better than going to Florida.
Better than anything you have ever
PRICE $1.00,
With everything complete, at all druggists, or
mailed trom our office.
Munyon's Remedies for sale by all druggists—
■ f.T cures for 57 ills— mostly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch
street. Philadelphia, Pa., answered with free
medical advice for any disease. -
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
. And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Centers.
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated. *
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness 2nd Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
*«"« UtARAXTFE FOIR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, anil to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquor?.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OP THE PATIENT.
CT_nftl£ nOIMIr' causes Misery, Poverty
SI nUnO UnlillV mid Death. Upon receipt
■Jl slo.oo rre will mail you four [4] boxes and MO-
ive written piarantc?i> to cure or refund
: oarroone?. 'Sine- - - ' ••'.'«)—••..='-
GEORGE D AIT-BENDER A CO.. Bole Acta.
ti* Kearny st.. San Frmaclsco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
___*_. DO XOT DESPAIR ! DcnotSuf-
d__m_U___ fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
Bm^^9____ life can be restored to you. The very
War ins worst cases of Nervous Debility are
MR -atttfmk absolutely cured by ri'.Kl'Kl lit
__. TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
to*jC "^aawmf 'omnia, falling memory and the waste
sj_WV__ »S^ "nil drain of vital powers, incurred by
*1 \-_jefSjc* indiscretions or excesses of ear! v years.
, --'^JP' !,7^ Impart vijror^incl potency to every funo-
tlon. Brace up the system. Give jit^ts. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to tho eyes of £_rT_\ younp or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. _*_.» J 6 boxes at
•2.&0 a complete guaranteed cure TJgTI»or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > **"« pocket. Sold
every where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt ol
Vric« by TUB PRRFEITO CO., Carton Bid-.. Chicago, ill.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. :a
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
2 visit OR JORDAN'S great A
#MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
] A _!P i:ilMi__S.ST.tot.6:_S7_;,S.r.C;l. A
! \ ST The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
W _ !^fts_k. Wo,ld - Weaknesses or any contracted A
_ Mr_9_ disease l > '*' |,I, r, *'"-iir_c""i.y the oldest T
9 |J««| pe*^ac:-tc the Coast EeL 36 years 9$
i _%f&h ° R - -PRIVATE DISEASES $
_ I VilStvl Consultation free and strirtly private V
A R I*w_ n Tr« itment petsonally or by letter. A a
_— W Xi W Po * " l ' Curt,n every case undertaken. T
A V •'/ IW Wri * , -for Book. PniLOHIIPHVcf A
\'l 1^ M4RRUGE, MAILED FRKB. (.\ ¥
A li 11 valuable book for men) _ -
i<J JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. ¥
OR JOHD\> A«O., 1051 Market St. .S. F. ¥
I'liiiiMi fflMB--BB
DR. MEYERS & CO. h
Cure all Disease and Weak- N
ness of Men. Established 18 §|
®DR. MEYERS it CO cured. C
Cejre all Disease and Weak- I
ness of Men. Established 18 I
-,ears. Pa'/ wren cured. I
Home cures a specialty. Free D
_ bcok for men. Call or write Ij
v 731 MARKET ST., 8. F. HPRESIDENT KRUGER IS REPORTED TO
HAVE RESIGNED.
♦ PAUL KRUGER OF THE TRANSVAAL. t
# Who is reported to have resigned the Presidency of the South African +
iblic.
(From his latest photograph, reproduced from Black and White.) .
PARIS, July 24.— Dispatches re
ceived here from Pretoria. South
African republic, say the absence
of President Kruger from the
•..  meeting of the executive council
to-day gave currency to* a report that
he had resigned, owing to differences
between himself and members of the
Volksraad.
President Kruger. when seen to
right in regard to the matter, denied
these rumors, stating positively that
they were without foundation.
PRETORIA, July 24.— President Kru
ger had been absent from the Govern
ment building since Friday afternoon
and It was understood that, owing to
the opposition shown by the executive
council and the Volksraad regarding
the questions of -the Johannesburg fort
and the dynamite monopoly, he had ar
rived at the conclusion that he no
longer possessed the Iksraad's con
fidence and threatened to resign. To
day, however, a deputation, including
General Joubert, the Vice President,
Herren Schalk and Burger and the
chairman of the Volksraad, waited upon
President Kruger and induced him to
attend a secret session of the Volks
raad, which lasted over three hours.
Meanwhile an anxious crowd had as
sembled outside the building, waiting
expectantly tec learn the outcome of
what was regarded as a momentous de
bate.
Late this evening it was announced
that the Volksraad had finally assured
the President that they had the utmost
confidence in him. It is understood,
however, that a majority of the mem
bers of the Volksraad still differ from
the President on the dynamite monop
oly question.
KRUGER'S CAREER AS
SOLDIER AND STATESMAN
The resignation of President Kruger
would end a long career of activity and
usefulness in the service of his country,
during which be has filled most accepta
bly every office from the highest to the
lowest in her gift. As soldier and diplo
mat he has been In continuous service
•since 1842 and has well earned the respect
of his foes and the love of his own peo
ple, to whom he was commonly known
as "Oom Paul" (our Paul).
Stephanus Johannes Paulus, as Kru
ger was christened, was born at Coles
burg, Cape Colony (since 1806 under Brit
ish rule.), in 1825, and is therefore about
75 years of age. His first African ances
SILLY LEGISLATION
THAT DID NO HARM
Seoator White Says th)e Anti-
Newspaper EQactments Are
Dead Letters.
_\ LOS ANGELES, July 24.— 1t is the opinion of Senator Stephen M. 9
•* White that the so-called newspaper signature and anti-cartoon bills en- .*
£ acted by the last Legislature will be dead letters so long as they are per- f>
JH mitted to remain upon the statute books of the State. Senator Whit' %
& was to-day asked what steps had been or would be taken by the news- %',
5 paper interests which have retained him to test the constitutionality of &
ft. these laws. He replied: ■!:'■ S
£5 'There is nothing that can be done. Neither the newspapers nor any £•
O one else appears to be paying the slightest attention to these laws. Some £>
i? of the biggest newspapers of the State have been waiting for months for if
6 an action to be brought against them for a violation of either of the £
•* two statutes you have named, but no one appears to be willing to come i*
%' forward and give us a chance to test the legality of this legislation in the $
£ courts. In my opinion these laws will remain dead letters unless re- £
£? pealed in 1901." J?
•„a__io-*o.*«?ij^^
tor was a German, and not a Holland
Dutchman, as has been often said.
Though he spelled his name as Paul
Krugsr, he signs it to-day Kruger (Kroo
ger) after the Dutch, and not Kr tiger
(Krueger) after the German form. As a
boy of 10 years of age he marched at his
father's side in the "Great Trek" of 1835
to Natal and later back over the Drak
ensberg Mountains to the Orange Free
State. He was called into public office at
a very early age, being made magistrate
under the title of "held cornet" when
only 17, and until his present retirement,
of his own volition, he has in one posi
tion or another ever since been continu
ously In the service of his country. When
but vet a mere lad he took part in tbe
war with the Matabeles nd earned much
distinction by his skill and coolness and
bravery.
As a young man of 2.1 he went into his
first fight with the British, and was with
his father when the latter tired the first
shot at the battle of B< omplatz, of which
latter fact he has always since made no
small boast.
Upon the annexation of the Orange re
public by the British Paul Kruger, with
a large number of his countrymen,
"trekked" again, crossed the Vaal River.
and with others who had gone before di
rect from Natal laid the foundation of the
"Transvaal." or South African Republic.
Having earned distinction as a brave sol
dier, and confidence as a cool and clear
headed man. he made- rapid advancement
ln the official positions of the primitive
republic, and by 1*59 had reached the of
fice of commandant. • He held this -position
during the civil war of 1860, and by his
unwavering determination, quick action
and undaunted bravery, together with fin»
strategic skill, soon worsted his oppo
nents, captured Potchefstrom. their head
quarters and principal stronghold, and
brought the war to a close. Under the Pres
idency of Van Rensburg Kruger was mad»
commander-in-chief of all the Boer forces,
then engaged in hard struggle with the
Kaffirs, Zulus and other tribes, and in the ;
face of overwhelming numbers managed
affairs- most advantageously. In 1876 he
was elected Vice President, which office
he held when the annexation of the
Transvaal was proclaimed by Sir Theophi
lus Shepstone ln behalf of Great Britain
In 1877. He was the leader of the famous
triumvirate composed of Pretorius, Jou
bert and himself, which strenuously op
posed annexation and stood out for the
Independence of the Transvaal as guar
anteed in the Sand River convention of
1852. To Sir Bart I- Frere he appeared most
obdurate on this point always saying:
"We want our country back. We will
take nothing less than our country, and
we will not rest day or night until we
get it."
Kruger was a leading: spirit in the prep
arations for the revolt in 1880-81, and took
an active part in the direction of affairs
at the battle of Majuba Hill, where the
British were bo disastrously defeated and
made overtures for peace.
Kruger. of course, was a lender In the
reorganization of the Transvaal republic, j
and by his wise and moderate counsels
did much to heal the differences that had
been engendered by the events of the pre
vious five years. In 1883 he was elected to
the Presidency for five years. and ,-. -
elected in 1888, 1893 and again to his fourth
term in 1898,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25. 1899.
ARGUMENT BEGINS
IN WARDNER CASE
Hawley Opens for the
Prosecution.
— ■» —
DEFENDS STATE'S COURSE
— ♦ — ■
SAYS IT IS NOT FIGHTING OR
GANIZED LABOR.
♦
Robertson, Speaking for the Defense,
Denounces the Rapacity of
the Bunker Hill
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦-♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ ♦
-f NEW YORK, July 24.— A spe- ♦
-♦■ cial to the World from Wash- 4
♦ ington says: A committee com- -♦•
+ posed of Edward Boyce, presi- ♦
♦ dent of the Western Federation +
♦ of Miners, ami W. R. Goldsmith. ♦
♦ a citizen of Idaho, accompanied - +
-♦• by Senators Carter of Montana 4
♦ and Heitfeld of Idaho, called ->-
♦ upon President McKinley and -♦■
•♦• laid before him the facts con- -♦-
4 cerning the recent riots growing +
+ out of the strike of miners » in ♦
■♦- Wardner, Idaho; the part played ♦
♦ by the Standard Oil Company, ♦
4 and, more especially, the con- -*-
♦ duct of the colored troops called ♦
-♦• out to suppress the disorder. +
-f The President listened attentive- +
4- ly tee the long statement sub- ♦
♦ mitted to him, made copious +
-f notes and, it is said, will demand ♦
♦ an explanation of Governor ♦
+ Steunenberg of Idaho, whom the ♦
♦ committee accuses of being at +
+ the bottom of the trouble. +
+ The President was handed ♦
♦ hundreds of affidavits, the ma- ♦
■♦■ jority made by women, who >
+ swore they had been outrageous- ♦ j
+ ly treated by the colored troops. -♦■
•♦• More than one woman swore she ->-
♦ protected herself only with a re- -♦■
♦ volver. Citizens of the county >
-♦- swear they were robbed and ♦
♦ maltreated by soldiers out of +
•♦• pure wantonness. "♦"
+ +
+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WALLACE. Idaho. July 24.— Argument
in the Corcoran case began this morning.
J. H. Hawley opening for the State. No
limit will be placed on time, but either
side will I;-.- allowed only two speeches.
Robertson will follow Hawley, Reddy
closing for the defense and Borah for the
State.
Hawley occupied the morning session
with an argument on the law In Its appli
cation to Corcoran's case, and in the
afternoon spoke tor two hours, detailing
the evidence. Most of the time was taken
up with the evidence of conspiracy involv
ing the Coeur d'Alene miners and Cor
coran as an officer and leading spirit in
the Burke and Central unions. He de
clared the evidence show- i that all four
unions were moving in harmony, making
connections with each other, and dwelt
upon the orderly movements at Kellogg,
the firing line, the throwing out of skir
mishers, and the leaving of a reserve
party to bring powder when the mill was
captured. The strictures on the people in
Burke were severe, the evidence having
shown that disguises were unnecessary
there. He likened conditions here to the
days of the Molly Magulres in Pennsyl
vania, when strong alibis could be pro
cured for any one arrested. ; He took
twenty minutes to explain that the State
: was making no fight against labor organ
izations when conducted for lawful pur
j poses, believing that the right to organize
was the privilege of laboring men; but
■ that the State fought organizations like
those here which were only for criminal
purpose .
Robertson followed, speaking for an
hour before court adjourned, mainly on
the conditions here, where all mine oper
ators paid men the same scale of wages
except the Bunker Hill Company, and
showing that the latter not only paid less
wages but invited trouble with the unions
by discharging all union men from its
mines wherever found, and refusing to
arbitrate ln compliance with the State
law when the difficulty began in April.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Several California Postmasters Are
Appointed.
"WASHINGTON, July 24.— following
California Postmasters were appointed to
day: A. F. Aldrich, at Blake, San Ber
nardino County, vice E. L. McDonough,
resigned: K. G. Bester, Murton, San Di
ego County, vice Dana A. Juce, resigned;
Patrick Brown, Somerville, Contra Costa
County, vice B. O. Clifford, resigned.
Army orders: Private Joseph Murphy,
Company B, Nineteenth United States In
fantry, Presidio, is transferred to the
Third Cavalry.
First Lieutenant Robert B. Cramer.
Thirty-fourth Infantry, United States
Volunteers, on completion of temporary
duty assigned him in this city, will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report in per
son to Brigadier General Joseph Wheeler,
United States Volunteers, for duty.
Captain Charles B. Ewing, assistant
surgeon, is relieved from further duty at
Fort Brady, Mich., and will proceed to
San Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cal
ifornia, for assignment to duty with
United States Cavalry upon its arrival.
Private Joseph D. Sweet, Company M,
Third United States Infantry, now sup
posed to be at Manila, P. 1., will be dis
charged the service of the United States
by the commanding officer of his station.
The telegraphic instructions of July 19
transferring Private Peter McGloin. Light
Battery C, Third United States Artillery,
Presidio, to the Signal Corps, are hereby
conflrmed.
Pensions: California— Original— William
A. Ralston. Chico. $8; George L. Stoddard,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $6; Charles
j L. Metzger, Alameda, $8. Original widows,
! etc.— Sarah Johnson. Azusa, $8.
Oregon— Original— Edward Thayer, Ore
gon City. $8.
Washington— Original— lsaac H. Kean,
Sumner, $S; John B. Purcell, Pomeroy, $6.
CLERGYMAN ARRESTED
FOR SHOOTING QUAIL
Visiting Methodist Preacher Gets
Into Trouble in Ventura
County.
VENTURA. July 24.— Deputy Fish Com
missioner K'-rchevale of Los Angeles has
arrested John Stewart of Las Posas, Roy
Thorpe, a boy of Santa Paula, and Rev.
E. W. Osborn, a Methodist minister of
New Orleans, who is visiting in Santa
Paula, for shooting quail out of season.
As evidence the heads and wings of quail
have been filed with the court. The of
fenders will appear before Justice Boling
to-morrow morning for examination. The
penalty for violation of this game law
Is a fine ranging from $20 to $150. or im
prisonment in the County Jail from ten to
15j days, or both fine and imprisonment.
STATE VETERINARIAN NAMED.
Dr. Charles H. Blemer Appointed to
the Position.,
SACRAMENTO, July 24.— Dr. Charles
H. Blemer, who for a number of years
has been connected with the United
States Department of Agriculture, was
to-day appointed State Veterinarian un
der the law passed at the last session
of the Legislature. The office pays $2000
a year and $500 expenses. The duly of
the incumbent Is to see that the quaran
tine laws against stock are enforced,
RECIPROCITY
WITH FRANCE IS
FINALLY ARRANGED
Last Treaty Under the Dingley
Act and Marks the End of a
Long Discussion.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— The long pend
ing reciprocity treaty negotiations be
tween the United States and France were
brought to a successful close at the State
Department late this afternoon, when
Embassador Cambon, in behalf of France,
and Commissioner Kasson, in behalf of. the
United States, affixed their signatures to
the reciprocity treaty. It is by far the
most important treaty concluded under
the reciprocity provisions of the Dlngley
law. and tbe only one affecting the trade
with a large commercial nation. The ne
gotiations were marked by rather sharp
and long continued discussions, which
continued to the time the signatures were
placed on the document. In the end a
spirit of compromise prevailed and each
side yielded something. As a whole, both
sides express satisfaction with the gen
eral results secured, for while the com
promise necessitated some minor sacri
fices the general effect of the treaty will
encourage commerce between the two
countries.
The concessions granted by France em
braced most of the articles In what is
known as the French minimum tariff. This
comprises 644 heads, the rates being on an
average about 20 per cent lower than
those in the general tariff of France. It
was found necessary, however, owing to
protests from French agrarian interests
to except from this minimum list about
twenty-four articles, chiefly agricultural
products. The French Ministry was
obliged to pay heed to this sentiment, and
in turn M. i la-Boon made- the exceptions
a condition of closing the treaty. It was
on this point that the negotiations were in
doubt for several days, and it was only by
compromising on the extent of the excep
tions that an agreement was made [pos
sible As first presented the exceptions
numbered twelve, but some of these were
classes including -'a number of distinct
items so that In all there were a large
number of exceptions. As finally deter
mined upon these exceptions were nar
rowed down to twenty-four, and outside
Of them the United States get the benefit
of all the reductions on the French mini-
Resides the reductions given to this
country." the treaty is Important In con
tinuing a number of minimum .rates.
Which would have been abolished the
treaty had not been concluded. The most
INSISTS ON BEING
CALLED MRS. FAIR
Mrs. Craven Snubs an
Acquaintance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 24.— The mission of
Mrs Nettle Craven to this city Is now
definitely known, in spite of her endeavor
to keep her object secret. Mrs. Craven
is not only seeking evidence to bolster up
her claim for a share of the Fair mil
lions, but she asserts with supreme con
fidence that she will ultimately win in the
Mrs Craven is registered at the Marin
Hotel' as "Mrs. N. R. Fair" and has in
structed Proprietor Schneider to permit
nobody to send up a card addressed In
any other fashion. Schneider has proved
a faithful servant in this respect. This
morning a gentleman and two ladies
walked Into the hotel office, where Mrs
Craven happened to be sitting. One of
the ladies walked up to Mrs. Craven and
remarked:
"How are you, Mrs. Craven? I guess you
remember me." . #'■'"■'„
Rising to her feet. Mrs. Craven froze
the lady with a glare and answered:
"No madam; I do not remember you,
but - should be pleased if In the future
you would address me by my rightful
°W_h°thS- r 'words she swept haughtily
S?S I S-rS«- of Mrs. "Fair" at San
Rafael was revealed this morning when
she went across the street to a cigar store
conducted by J- Jelinsky and asked him
if he knew the late Senator Fair. jellnsK>
"ill he did not, and was then asked if
he thought a photograph *ould assist him
in recollecting If Fair was ever in the
St "You see." said Mrs. Craven, "once
when I was staving at the hotel with Mr.
Fair he came into the room smoking a
cigar of a different brand from, the kind
he usually smoked. 1 asked him where
he not it and he said at a store across the
street' I am eager to And out if you can
remember Sis occurrence. .for something
imnortant depends upon it.
With the concluding words that she was
sure to win her suit in the end, Mrs
Craven left the store. Returning in a
few minutes she cautioned the cigar dealer
to be sure not to say anything to anj
body that entered the store, and asked
about her. because her "steps were being
continually dogged by detectives.
FINE CLOTHING ENTICED
THEM AWAY FROM HOME
Two Runaway San Francisco Girls
Found by the Police of
Stockton.
STOCKTON, July 24.— Through two
pictures in a newspaper the police were
yesterday able to locate two girls for
whom the officers of San Francisco have
been searching for weeks. Beatrice and
Jennie Jorgensen are two pretty girls,
who apparently were not satisfied be
cause they did not have as gay colored
dresses as other girls in the neighborhood.
They left their home one morning sev
eral weeks ago, and their mother, who i.:
a widow, has been using every means
to find them, but without avail.
The poll officers read of the disap
pearance of the girls in yesterday after
noon's papers.
Jennie, the elder of the two, who had
assumed the name of Madeline, was tound
at a house where she was engaged in
domestic duty. When the officers ac
costed her she admitted her identity and
burst Into tears. . •,
The girl, who is IS years of age. said
that she had left home to make some
money with which to buy good clothes.
She then proposed to save something and
become either a milliner or a stenog
rapher. Her sister wanted to learn .-short
hand. She could offer no explanation,
however, as to why she should leav - her
mother without a word of warning.
Chief of Police Gall sent Jennie home
yesterday afternoon. The other sister,
Beatrice, is very ill here, but will return
home as soon as she is well.
POPE AGAIN SUFFERING
FROM HIS OLD MALADY
The Attack Is Not Serious, but He
Has Been Advised to Take
a Rest.
NEW YORK, July 24.— A Journal cable
from Rome says: The Pope is again in
disposed. His old trouble, intestinal ca
tarrh, has reappeared.
The present attack is not serious, but at
the earnest request of Cardinal Lappon
the Pope has abandoned his Intention of
conducting the villeglature.
Ex-Judge Gregg Dead.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 24.— V. A.
Gregg, 'ex-Judge of the Superior Court
of this county, died suddenly from a lit
of appoplexy to-day.
important of these articles are petroleum
and mineral oils. At present these oils
enter France on the minimum rate, but
had to-day's treaty failed a rate would
have been imposed making a difference,
of duty amounting to about $5,000,000. The
same is true as to cotton, which is one
of the chief articles of shipment from the
United States to France and enters duty
free. Had the treaty failed a heavy duty
would have been imposed upon Ameri
can cotton. The same is true of copper,
rubber and many classes of machinery.
France secures important' concessions in
over 100 of the chief products sent by
France to this country.
The Dingley law allows not to exceed
20 per cent reduction as a basis of reci
procity, but the full 20 per cent is not
allowed on all the articles covered by the
treaty. On some of them the reduction
is 5 per cent, on others 10 per cent, others
15 and up to 20 per cent. The list would
have been larger and the percentage of
reduction greater In some cases had it
not been for the reluctance of Commis
sioner Kasson to permit exceptions from
the French minimum list. This was the
main cause leading to the omission of
champagne from the list of Important
French products included in the treaty.
While quite desirous of securing a re
duction of duty on this class of wines,
the French authorities were not ready to
grant the large number of reductions
asked as an offset for the proposed re
duction on this particular article. As a
result the regular rates will be main
tained on sparkling wines coming to this
country.
The treaty will result in placing the
products of the United States on the same
basis in France as nroducts of Germany
and Great Britain. At present these coun
tries have the minimum French rate,
while the American goods with few ex
ceptions have had to pay the maximum
rate.
The negotiations ended to-day were be
gun two years ago by M. Patenotre. then
Embassador from France. When he was
succeeded by M. Cambon the latter took
up the negotiations and for a time th.-sre
was a prospect of concluding a treaty,
but delays occurred, and in order to close
the matter the French authorities sent
from Paris M. Charpentier, a treaty ex
pert, as special reciprocity delegate.
Embassador Camhon will leave for
Paris In about a week, carrying with him
the French draft of the treaty. The
French treaty is the last of the instru
ments of this kind and the treaty work
under the Dingley act is now brought to
a close.
MRS. RICH TO BE
TRIED IN MEXICO
Extradition of an Amer
ican Woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., July 24.— Mrs. Mat
tie C. H. Rich, charged with having
murdered her husband, John D. Rich,
in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, two months
ago, was formally extradited this aft
ernoon at 4 o'clock and delivered into
the hands of the Mexican authorities
for trial. She protested strongly, but
became resigned when the extradition
warrant was read to her. She wrapped
her shoulders and head in an Ameri
can nag and entered the carriage with
the officers and was rapidly driven
across the river.
The case of Mrs. Rich has attracted
wide attention, particularly along the
border, where the citizens have pro
tested against the extradition of any
American citizen to Mexico. The fact
that in this case the citizen is a woman
has greatly intensified the objection to
the procedure.
John D. Rich was the son of a prom
inent banker of Dodge City, Kans., and
courted and married his wife in Chi
cago during the World's Fair. They
went to Ciudad Juarez, opposite this
city, six years ago and engaged in mer
chandizing, she supplying a large share
of the capital. They quarreled often
because, it is alleged, Mrs. Rich was
jealous. Two months ago she found
Rich talking with a notorious woman.
Mrs. Rich attacked and severely beat
the woman. Rich came home late, and
during the night was shot while lying
in bed. Mrs. Rich called for a doctor
and a carriage and had her husband
quickly conveyed to a hospital in this
city.
Rich died and left a statement say
ing the fatal bullet was fired from a
pistol in the hands of his wife. Mrs.
Rich did everything in her power to
aid in the recovery of her husband and
has protested throughout that she is
not the guilty one. She is soon to give
birth to a child.
The Mexican Government has been
touched to the quick by the comments
on its methods of dealing out justice
and its barbarous treatment of prison
el^- and has provided Mrs. Rich with
fine quarters and promises her a
speedy trial. President Diaz has or
dered special officials from the City of
Mexico to Ciudad Juarez to attend the
case. ''•*' ''""
YAQUIS DEFEATED BY
THE MEXICAN TROOPS
Engagement Fought by General
Torres' Force With the Rebel
Tribe of Sonora.
LOS ANGELES. July 24.— According to
advices to-night received by General Juan
Ybarri of Mexico, who is in this city, the
warlike Yaquis of Sonora are again on the
warpath. The tribe is reported to have
plundered many haciendas, but yesterday
it was defeated in an engagement with
the Mexican forces, commanded by Gen
eral Lorenzo Torres at the town of Co
corit, ninety miles north of Guaymas.
The telegram says that Carlos Hale was
murdered by the Indians, and that a
cousin of General Torres was killed. The
Indians were defeated and forced to re
treat to the mountains.
Carlos Hale was the son of Charles Hale
of Los Angeles, who was appointed Con
sul to Guavmas several years ago. The
Consul died in Mexico in 1897.
CALIFORNIA OIL WELL
TRUST MAY BE FORMED
Proposed Combine to Incorporate
"With Twenty Millions
Capital.
LOS ANGELES, July 24.— 1t is rumored
here to-day that an oil' well trust is to
be formed, taking in all the oil properties
thus far developed in the Coalinga, Fresno
County, and Whittier. Los Angeles Coun
ty districts. W. L. Hardison is said to
be* endeavoring to secure options upon all
these properties and to be backed by the
Union Oil Company. It is proposed to In
corporate the new company with a capi
talization of $20,000,000.
Detective Goodman Dead.
LOS 'ANGELES, July John Gabriel
Goodman, the well-known local detective,
died to-night at the Good Samaritan Hos
pital from the effects of an operation per
formed to relieve . a stricture of - the
bowels, _
AMERICAN NERVE
WON THE DAY
Details of the Famous
Seoul Riots.
— ♦ —
FANATICAL NATIVES AWED
- — ♦ —
HOW COOLNESS OVERCAME SU
PERSTITION.
♦ ■
Electric Railroad Managers Who
Bravely Walked Into a Howling
Mob Have Since Learned Flight
Would Have Meant Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, July 24.— 1n
referring to the recent attack on the
electric line by fanatical ■ natives • in
Seoul, Korea, E. E. Rlttenhouse of this
city, who was connected with the con
struction of this railroad, said to-day:
I have received several letters and
many photos from Seoul lately, and the
most interesting incident to Americans in
connection with this uprising has not
been told, although the press generally
is giving much space to this singular out
break. This is doubtless due to the mod
esty of the two men interested, through
whom most of the news of the riots
reached America. I refer to H. R. Bost-
Wick of San Francisco, manager of the
Seoul Electric Company, and H. Ray
mond Krumm of Columbus, chief of the
engineering department, who alone and
unarmed, by their coolness and good
American nerve, dispersed a howling mob
of 3000 to 4000 Orientals and saved their
own lives and the power-house and elec
trie plant.
At the time the child was run over the
streets were literally packed wltn ex
cited natives discussing the decision of
the astrologers and "Mutangs," that the
electric railway and power-house were the
real causes of the drought and the suf
fering among the poor. With the death
of the child the noisy excitement gave
way to wild, unrestrained fury and the
howling mass of white-clad humanity
fell upon the cars, destroyed and burned
some of them and drove off, with broken
heads, the Japanese employes. A large
section of the mob. estimated by Mr.
Bostwlck at between three and four thou
sand, appeared before the power-house,
filling the street and swarming like sheep
over the city wall and the great east
gate which adjoins the power-house. It
was at this point that the two Americans
appeared on the scene. I have read In
a New York paper that the two Ameri
cans had to run for their lives. I am sure
no such idea entered their heads. To run
would be to Invite pursuit, and their re
mains would have soon been dragged
through the street. At any rate, they did
not run. but started across the open to
ward the mob. The effect was instanta
neous. The sight of those two calm and
fearless white men walking briskly into
the very jaws of death, utterly ignoring
the rage and -wrath of thousands, paral
yzed them with astonishment and awed
them into silence.
Suddenly Bostwlck held up his hand and
commanded them to "chorigah' (disperse)
by order of the United States of 1 America.
He had hoped to impress them With a
show of authority and parley until their
ardor cooled down a little, but he was
hardly prepared for the stampede that
followed the uplifting of his hand. Clubs
and stones that were intended for these
two brave Americans were dropped and
the rioters simply climbed over each
other to get away.
Harry R. Bostwick is a son of Rev.
c Henry E. Bostwick, assistant pastor of
I Trinity Presbyterian Church, situated at
! the corner of Twenty-third and Capp
streets. His brother, Frank F. Bostwick.
is cashier of H. S. Crocker & Co., and
resides in Eastland, Marin County.
Harry Bostwick lived at the family resi
dence. 3505 Twenty-third street, until about
two years ago. when he was engaged by
the syndicate now building the Seoul elec
tric line as a civil engineer, that being
his profession, and later was advanced
to the responsible position of manager.
His father left this city last April to
visit him in Seoul, having obtained leave
of absence from his arduous ministerial
duties, which he had performed during a
1 long period. The father has been with
: his son for some time, and is expected to
j return soon.
Harry Bostwick was born in this city,
and was educated in Horace Mann School.
After finishing there he took a three
years' course in civil engineering and
went to Xew York, where he ' studied
under the ablest professors. He returned
to this city and has been eminently suc
cessful since then. He is 2S years of age,
and. believing that there were great pos
sibilities in the Orient, decided to estab
lish himself there.
BOY SAYS HE SAW
GEORGE SAXTON KILLED
Stood on the Porch and Witnessed
Mrs. George Fire the Shot,
Then Ran Away.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Evidence which
might have had an important effect on
the trial of Mrs. Anna George at Canton,
Ohio, for the murder of George D. Saxton,
brother-in-law of President McKinley,
last October, came to light to-day in the
juvenile court.
Russell Hogan, 15 years old. who was
brought before the court as Richard
McKnight, declared that he had witnessed
the shooting and had left home that night
through fear of being called as a witness
at the trial.
"I was standing right across Lincoln
avenue from Mrs. Alt house" a place and
saw Mr. Saxton on the porch and saw
Mrs. George shoot him. I was afraid they
might do something to me if I told what
I had seen, so I left home and have trav
eled all over the country since then." said
the boy, when assured by Judge Tuthill
that nothing would happen to him if he
told the truth. In response to further
questioning young Hogan said that his
father was R. M. Hogan. superintendent
of the Aultman Manufacturing Company
and well known In Canton.
Judge Tuthill directed that the case be
continued till July 26, and Instructed Pro
bation Officer Kelsey to communicate
with Mr. Hogan at Canton regarding the
boy who claims to be his son. The boy
Is bright-looking and told his story in an
unassuming manner. He was brought be
fore the court on a charge of disorderly
conduct.
SPRING FAILS TO AVOID
PAYMENT OF ALIMONY
Court's Decree Invalidates the Recent
Transfer of Property to His
Relatives.
SAN JOSE. July 24.— H. M. N. Spring.
who recently.disposed of his clothing store
and started East to avoid paying Mrs.
Emelie T. Spring, who recently obtained a
divorce from him, $200 a month alimony,
reckoned erroneously. By the decree in
the divorce suit filed to-day, all his prop
erty is subject to lien for unpaid alimony.
In case the alimony is not regularly paid
the property is to be sold and a receiver
is to be appointed to take charge of the
property and proceeds. The decree is
dated June 30.
About two weeks ago Spring disposed of
his Interest in his store to his brother-in
law. F. "W. Moore, for $SOOO. and deeded
his real property to his sister "for love
and affection," and that he "may be cared
for by her." These transfers will now be
void, because the decree was signed be
fore they were made. The decree com
pletely upsets the plans of Spring, and it
is expected now that the truant Council
man will return to fight the case.
NEW RAILROAD ASSURED.
Mexican Capital Pours In to Aid the
Pan-American Line.
OAXACA, Mex.. July 24.— imme
diate building of the Southeastern Rail
way from a point on the National Tehuan
tepec road, to the Guatemalan border is
now assured.
Over $1,000,000 of donations to the pro
posed road have been subscribed by the
business men of the State of Yucatan,
through which the line will pass. This
road will be an important link in the long
-1 talked-of Pan-American Una, * J
MR. DAVIS NOT
DISHEARTENED
Automobile Will Soon
Renew Journey.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS
SYRACUSE, N. Y. July 24.—To
morrow the new cylinder will ar
rive and will at once be put in
place, and we will resume our
journey as soon as possible. I "
have had new springs put in the wagon
and other parts changed. I am con
vinced I have a good motor and one
that will land me in San Francisco on
time, and I am not disheartened at the
little breaks we have had. This is a
pioneer trip and there has been a great
deal learned in a short time. We have
had the worst roads possible, traveling
on the tail of heavy rains from Tarry
town here. It is not just to form too
hasty an opinion, for I believe that the
trip will be highly successful in the
end.
The people of Syracuse have been
most hospitable to us and have done
everything to make our stay pleasant.
DE KNYFF WINS THE
AUTOMOBILE RACE
Pppctal Cable to The Call and the New Tor-
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 24.— Rene de Knyff has
won the Matin's tour de France automo
bile race, having accomplished a total dis
tance of 2300 kilometers (about 142S miles)
in 44 hours 44 minutes 9 seconds.
M. Girardot takes second place, his
time being 49 hours 37 minutes ?,n seconds,
beating Marquis De Chasseloup-Laubat,
who arrived third, 5 minutes 40 seconds
j later. ____________________
CLARA FITCH WAS STRANGLED.
Frank McDaniel Accused by the
Coroner's Jury.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 24.— Coroner's
! jury to-night brought in a verdict that
Clara Fitch, whose body was found in
1 Cycle Park last Thursday, was murdered
■ by strangulation, and charging Frank Mc-
Daniel, who was with her when last seen,
I with the crime. McDaniel still stoutly
I protests his Innocence.
-_1» VEB TISEME2-ITS.
\ fe_£^[ W_t' iW__Fw<?& **/_£
When Baby's 111.
When the little loved one is sick, when
' its brow is fevered, its pulse rapid, its
' features pinched with pain and there are
great blue circles under its eyes, the mother
I hovers about the bedside, and with anxious
i eyes tries to read the meaning of every ex-
! pression upon the physician's face.
A woman may save herself almost all of
this worriment about her children if she
will. but take proper care of her womanly
health during the period of gestation. A
' child born of a mother who is thoroughly
'< healthy in a womanly way will almost
! unfailingly be healthy and robust. Dr.
: Pierces Favorite Prescription acts directly
on the delicate and important organs that
! bear the burdens of maternity. It makes
them well, strong and vigorous. It heals
all internal ulceration and inflammation.
It stops debilitating drains. It fits for
1 motherhood and insures a healthy child.
j Thousands of happy mothers have testified
! rd its merits. No honest dealer will urge
\ you to take an inferior substitute for the
I little added profit it may afford him.
"A lady told me that Dr. Pierces Favorite
; Prescription was good to take when with child."
writes Mrs. Annie Simpson, of No. 13 Chelms-
; ford Street. Lawrence, Mass. : " I was suffering
! terrible pains, aud was unable to get about the
; house without being in misery ._ I began taking
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and the first
bottle greatly relieved me. I took three bottles
before my baby was born, at which time I suf-
fered very little. The baby has been healthy
: since birth, and is now three months old and
: weighs fifteen pounds. When ray older child
; was born I suffer^ terribly. I don't know how
; to thank Dr. Pierce enough."
They don't simply give temporary relief,
but are a permanent cure — Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets for constipation. They
i never gripe. One little "Pellet" is a
gentle laxative and two a mild catharic.
000000000000000000
•**•" PALACE **?%
° GRAND timMk^l
j Q SAH FKAHCISCO. Q
v Connected by a covered passageway. **
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached *»
I O All Under One Management. O
O ' NOTE THE PRICE,-" : O
O European Plan.Wl.OO per day and upward Q
f_ American Plan. oo per day and upward —
" Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOHN C. KIRKPATKICK. Manager. O
00000 0000 0000 000
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great RestoraUve. Invlgorator and Ner-
vine. '-'--'.*".
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on it i cwn Merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRL'NE. Agents,
t23 Market street. S. (Send for Circular.)
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Or___* ot
Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For sale by druggists.
f riffs Indian Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty^years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
i PATION. Torpid Uver. Weak gttw-acJj, Pto-
[ c-l-a and, nurl<?» tb- _!__-.
34
CHYNESE LOTTERY
RUNS WIDE OPEN
f-\ OOD times have come again in
Chinatown. have come again In
Chinatown.
I T Lottery is played openly and
aboveboard in two prominent
offices and so .re are the promoters
of the game of safety from police
molestation that another company is
fitting up Its rooms and will soon
start operations with a $10,000 drawing
twice a day.
On St. Louis alley, six doors from
the corner of Jackson street, is a tall
building with heavily barred windows
and massive doors. This is the home
of the Fook Tai lottery, and so cer
tain is this company that it can vio
late the. law with impunity that its
doors are wide open and throngs of
Chinamen pass in and out, buying
tickets and watching the daily draw
ings. St. Louis alley is a narrow run
way which winds around from Jack
son to Dupont street— so narrow that
four people can scarcely walk abreast
through it. Go there between 9 and
10 o'clock in the evening and the
alley will be found bo crowded with
Chinamen that it is almost impossible
to force a passage way through. These
Chinamen are there for the purpose
of purchasing tickets to the drawing
which takes place at 10 o'clock. There
is no attempt to disguise the nature
of the place, and while white men are
barred by the man at the head of the
stairs 11 is not a difficult matter for a
white man to so disguise himself that
he will be admitted.
At 39 Washington alley, commonly
known as Fish alley, is the home of
Man Lee Dow Lottery Company. Here
also tickets are sold openly to any t
Chinaman who wishes to invest in the
seductive game. The crowds are not
--I great about the doors of Man Lee
Dow, for that company is in had odor
and Fook Tai is taking away most of
its customers. But Man Lee Dow,
like Fook Tai, feels safe from police
Interference and runs wide open and
has banished secrecy from its cate
gory of accomplishments.
There are other lotteries in China
town-many of them— but they are
TENNIS PLAYERS
AT DEL MONTE
Doubles Handicap to Be Held
Under Auspices of Lawn
Tennis Association.
Interest among tennis players is cen
tered in the doubles handicap tournament
which will be played at Del Monte on the
ISth md 19th of August. It Is some time
since a general handicap open doubles has
been arranged and this one is likely to
prove attractive for that reason. The
handicapping will be the most difficult
obstacle to overcome In order to secure
the success of the tournament.
The promoters of the tournament rely
upon the visitors at Del Monte to make
the affair a social success, as it will pre
cede the week of sport of the Steeple
chase Association. There Is no prettier
place for a tennis tournament than Del
Monte and it has ever been popular with
the tennis cracks.
The handicap doubles order of tourna
ment is not, as a rule, popular with the
first-class players, but the setting of this
tournament will more than compensate
them for their sacrifice. The three clubs
will be well represented— Alameda, Oak
land and the California. Across the bay
the interest in the tournament la even
greater than on this side. The Alamedans
have evinced a strong desire to enter and
many of the- players have formed double
teams with a determination to begin prac
tice at once. Oakland will not be repre
sented by the Hardys, as a team. Sum
ner Hardy will, in all probability, be at
Santa Monica on tic- !Tth. as he intends
to play in the Southern California tour
nament. Sam I lard',- will probably enter
with one of the other Oaklanders in first
class ranks, George Whitney, the present
champion of the coast, will not play in
the tournament. He will be on hand, how
ever, to meet the best of the racket
wielders in exhibition singles. Robert N.
Whitney fa at present away on a camp
ing trip and he will not be found in the
lists.
The entries will be made up of the ris
ing younger players. They have taken
the tournament quite serious and have
become more or less enthusiastic over It.
The- championship doubles tournament
of September 9 will be the next event
after the Del Monte games. The Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association has not
yet decided where the tournament shall
be held. Some are In favor of Del Monte,
while others want San Rafael. The ob
jection to Del Monte is the expense, but
those .who advocate holding the tourna
ment at the great seaside resort claim
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses. . .
fook *7ai and Man
<£cc Post Seem to I
&c Above Police]
interference. \
— —
LTwice a pay _Vo the]
prayings Occur at}
Public Off ices of the
Company.
still compelled to do business under
cover. Possibly they do not stand in
with the powers that be, as the
friends of Fook Tai and Man Lee Dow
claim these latter companies do. Pos
sibly Fook Tai and Man Lee Dow do
not have a "pull" with the police, but
it is a fact that every Chinaman in
town and many white men know that
the tickets are sold openly every day
and that the drawings are held in
public In the rooms at the places men
tioned. There is evidently either neg
ligence, ignorance or on the part
of the police.
The success of these two companies
in getting business matters so- well
fixed has caused other astute China
man to think that competition will be
the life of trade, and almost directly
across the alley from the Fook Tal
Company's office the Chon Chun Wing
Company is lifting up offices and will
start a $10,030 drawing twice a day In
the near future. This company claims
that It will run openly and will not
be molested by the police. Whether
its boast will be made good or not
is for the police to say.
that they can secure reductions that will
place attendance within reach of all.
The championship doubles this year
promises to be a great event as far as
tennis itself is concerned. It Is likely the
Whitneys will double up once more, and
if they do the Hardys will also [day to
gether. This alone will make as great a
success of the' tournament as the playing
of the Hardys and George Whitney did
for the championship singles at San Ra
fael early in this month.
PUGILIST RAFAEL HERE.
He Returns From Alaska With
Money and Experience.
Frank Rafael, a promising local light
i weight, who went to the Klondike" re
i gions in search of a fortune two years
ago, returned to this city yesterday, a tri
fle heavier, a little richer and with a va
ried experience. The young pugilist was
seen on the "line" ln the afternoon, busily
engaged in telling his numerous friends
about his trip to the gold regions. He is
as bronzed as a berry and looks to be
In fine fettle. Rafael said he fought a
number of battles ln Alaska with suc
cess. While he does not have to follow
the ring to support himself through life,
he would out of pure love for the sport
meet Billy Otts or any other good man
in his class.
"Jockey" Maynard leaves to-night for
Angels Camp to tight Jimmy Anthony
i next Thursday night. Maynard has been
training and is confident of winning. He
will be accompanied by "Spider" Kelly,
who will be in his corner during the mill.
Franey has just returned from the
springs and is In tine condition. He is
cured of his sprained ankle and is anx
ious to get on a match with George Greet-
There was some doubt yesterday
whether the promised fight between lie
| Connell and Neil under the auspices of
; the National Club would be pulled orf.
c The club withdrew its guarantee and the
| men for a time were inclined to call the
I match off. Later, however, they accepted
j the club's terms of a percentage and un
; less more complications ensue the contest
i will come off on schedule time.
THE CHINESE PARADE.
Tailors' Association Banqueted for
Their Splendid Pageant on July 4.
A banquet was given last night by the
Six Chinese Companies to the Chinese Tai
lors' Association, in recognition of the
splendid features the latter association
produced In the Fourth of July parade in
this city. The affair was attended by the
presidents of the Six Companies and the
Chinese Consul General, Ho Vow. It was
very elaborate, and hundreds of Chinese
participated in the festivities.
The banquet was inaugurated by an ex
plosion of firecrackers which lasted one
hour. Special permission was given by
the Fire Department for the setting off
of fireworks from 7 until 8 p. m. Speeches
congratulating the association on its suc
cess were made by the leading citizens of
the Chinese colony. The feast was held
at the X une Fong restaurant, 710 Jackson
street. *•
Paper-Hangers to Take Action.
The paper-hangers of San Francisco held
a well-attended meeting at the rooms of
the Labor Bureau Association, 915*_
Market street,. last evening, when many
phases of the conditions now existing to
the detriment of the trade were discussed.
It was decided to hold a mass-meeting on
Wednesday evening, July 26, at the Labor
Bureau, 915". Market street, for the pur
pose of enlarging the present organization
and coming to some agreement upon
which beneficial changes may be made.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
JOCKEY MAHER
AGAIN APPEARS
IN THE SADDLE
Rides Her Ladyship
at Brighton.
— ♦ —
HIS MOUNT RUNS SECOND
— ♦ —
THE WINNER A HUNDRED-TO
ONE CHANCE.
.
Maxine Is Beaten by Kirkwood
and Arbaces Finishes Behind
Roysterer and the
Elector.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 24.— There was little
Interest in to-day's races at Brighton
Beach, the track being muddy and a
heavy' mist falling all the time of the
races. Maher made his first appearance
since Suburban day, having the mount on
Her Ladyship in the fourth race. She was
a hot favorite and after leading to the
last furlong had to succumb to Llnder
mere, who was a 100 to 1 shot at the be
ginning of the betting. The Elector was
a hot tip from the West for the fifth, and
could do no better than second. Kirk
wood was good in the mud, so he got the
third race, the Suburban winner, Imp,
running a bad last. Results:
One mile, selling— Bishop Reed won. Rare
Perfume second, Strangest third. Time,
1:44 2-5.
Five furlongs, selling— Mynher won, Jamaica
second. Beverage third. Time, 1:03. Fluke
finished second, but was disqualified.
Mile and one-sixteenth — Kirk wood won,
Maxlne second, Tamor third. Time, 1:50.
Five and one-half furlongs— Ltndermere won.
Her Ladyship second, Eileen Daly third. Time,
1:09 1-5.
Seven furlongs— Roysterer won. The Elector
eecond, Arbaces third. Time. 1:20 2-5.
Steeplechase, about two miles— King T won,
Rhelnstrom second, Perion third. Time, 4:35.
ST. LOUIS, July Track heavy. Results:
Five and one-half furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling— Chickamauga won. Sen Pen second,
Lizsome third. Time, 1:1-%.
One mile, selling— Joseph Lister won,
Relle Ward second, Kisme third. Time,
1:46%.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— Sorrow
won, Aunt Maggie second, Osric II third. Time,
1:25.
Six furlongs— Tulla Fonso won, Hlndoonet
second, Apple Jack third. Time, 1:16 3-5.
Six furlongs, handicap— Tom Collins won,
Banish seond, Alleviate third. Time. 1:16%.
Mile and seventy yards. selling— Moralist
won. Hlttlck second, Basqull third. Time,
1:51%:
CHICAGO, July 24.— Weather clear, track
1 fast at Harlem. Results:
Five furlongs Zaza won. Mitten second, llu
ronia third. Time. 1:01%.
Mile and one-eighth, selling— Egbart won,
i Malaise second. Pi. cola third. Time, 1:13%.
Six furlongs— Grazlella won, f- a nova second,
Newsgatherer third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile— Espionage won. Pay the Fiddler
second. Brigade third. Time, 1:42%. No con
test and all bets off.
Mile and one-sixteenth— Carnero won. Monk
Wayman second, John Raker third. Time.
■ 1:47%.
Six and one-half furVmrs, selling— Maggie
Davis won, Free Hand second, Sim W third.
Time-. 1:20%.
DETROIT, July 24.— The weather was clear
and the track remarkably fast at Windsor to
day, and as a result the fastest time? shown
thus far on the Canadian circuit was hung up
in two races. Flying Hess stepped six fur
longs in 1:13%. Two-year-olds ran five fur
longs in 1:01% and a mile In 1:40%. Results:
One mile, selling— Rena Campbell won, Rot
terdam second, Wenlock third. Time. 1:40%.
Five furlongs, two-year-olds Advance Guard
won, Eous second, Olcott third. Time. 1:01%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Meglbbon
won, Kunja second, Red Pirate third. Time,
1:47.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing—Dally Report won, Foneda second, May S
third. Time. :55%.
Six furlongs, selling— Flying Ress won. Pope
Leo second, Hallista third. Time, 1:13%.
'ii- mil.-, selling— Colonel Cluke won. Amber
Glints second, Romer R third. Time, 1:41%.
MONEY THROWN AT
HIM BY THE FANS
Williams' Home Run in the Ninth
Pleases the Spectators at
Pittsburg.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.! Club*- XV. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....".6 86 .6*3 Pittsburg ...41 41 .500 I
Boston 51 30 .610 Cincinnati ..39 42 .484
Philadelphia 48 33 .593 New Y0rk... 35 4S .449
St L0ui5.. ...46 33 .682 Louisville ...33 47 .413
Chicago 45 34 .570 Washington 31 54 .365
Baltimore ...45 35 .563. Cleveland ...15 67 .IS3
PITTSBURG. July Pittsburg won two
games to-day by remarkable finishes. Williams
was the star in the first game and Beaumont
In the second. In the first Leever gave four
hits and three runs in the first Inning and
allowed no more until the ninth, when five hits
and five runs were made. In Pittsburg's half j
of the ninth, with Beaumont and McCarthy on '
| bases. Williams made a lone drive along the '
■ lett field foul line, making a home run. When [
', be came in he was showered with money by
j the fans. The finish of the second game was
i almost Identical with that of the first. Two
runs were needed and two men were on bases i
I when Beaumont came up. He made a beauti- |
ful home run drive to center field fence, but
i got credit for only a three-bagger because the
: runs he brought in won the game. "Attendance,
: 5200. Score of first game:
Clubs- **• H. E
Pittsburg • _ J
Philadelphia _••,*__; J? 9 _, V
Batteries— Leever and Schrlver: Fraser, Bern
hardt and McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and
j Hunt.
Score of second game: #
! Clubs— £• H. E.
! Pittsburg ° -« I
Philadelphia •• «-,- 10 2
Batteries— Hotter and Bowerman; Magee and
Douglass. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
CHICAGO. July 24.— Orphans outbatted
' the Orioles to-day and played the cleanest field
ing game, but McGlnety's steadiness and
Phyle's three bases on balls gave the visitors
'' the victory. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
! Chicago * 5 '-'"'■ \
Baltimore • 5 6 4
Batteries— Phyle and Chance; McGlnety _nd
Robinson. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
I CINCINNATI. July 24. The Champions easily
I outplayed the Reds to-day and won their eighth
I game from the locals. Dwyer was forced to
j retire after the fifth. Hautz, the new man,
i again did good work in center field. Score:
Clubs*— R- H. E.
Cincinnati 3 7 3
Boston 8 13 2
Batteries— Dwyer, Taylor and Pelts; Wood,
i Nl'cholg and Clarke. Umpires— Manassau and
Latham.
I LOUISVILLE, July 24.— The Brooklyn-Louis
j ville game was postponed on account of wet
grounds.
I ST LOUIS, July 24.— St. Louis-New York
I game was postponed on account of wet grounds.
GRAND CIRCUIT RACES.
—
; Altoka, a Hot Favorite, Outf ooted by
Chanty. '; >
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 24.— The
grand circuit races began to-day under
favorable weather and track conditions,
but the attendance was somewhat dis
appointing, owing, In the main, to the
street railroad strike. Only two of the
four races were finished, one being post
poned entirely and the other going over
unfinished. The race of most interest was
the 2:14 trot. Altoka was a hot favorite
before the race began, but he got only
one heat, and after hot finishes between
Charley Herr, Bonna T^lla and Altoka,
Chanty finally landed the rape.
Maximilian, the favorite, would have
won the 2:16 pace with ease in the first
three heats but for an accident to his
sulky in the first heat. The heat was
finished on one wheel, and McCarty was
thrown at the wire, but no other damage
was done. It took the favorite until the
fourth heat to recover himself, and then
he went out, winning as he pleased.
The 2:27 pace was the most disappoint
ing of all fur the talent. Harry O was
picked as a sure winner and was played
vigorously at any price. Sphynx S '■__*
too speedy however, and he won the two
heats, finished after exciting contests with
Harry O in the first and Orin B in the
second.
The 2:19 trot went over until to-morrow.
Results: v;. - '
2:14 class trotting, purse Chanty won
fourth, sixth and eighth heats. Time, 2:13%,
2:14"i, 2:18. Charley Herr won first. and second
heats and was second. Time, 2:12%. 2:11-4.
Donna Telia won fifth and seventh heats and
was third. Time. 2:13-*. 2:14*4. Altoka won
third heat ln 2:10%. • Dr. Spellman, Ruby,
Prince of India, General and Lanels also
started.
2:16 class pacing:, purse '■•"•— Maxmllllan won
fourth, fifth and sixth heats. Time, 2:12%.
2:14. 2:10%. Gypsy Red won second and third
heats. Time. 2:12' 2 . 2:14. Star Hal won first
heat in 2:09*4 and was third. Johnnie Ai?an,
Sweet Violet, Birdie Dlckerson. Free Bond,
Harry Harold, Gyp Walnut. Hipless and Thu-
Private also started.
2:27 class pacing, purse $1000— Sphynx S won
first and second heats. Time, 2:09*4, 2:10%.
Harry O. Orln B. Lockhart. Minnie Simmons,
George C. Easton, Jean Ingelow and Darkner
also started.
Thousands of Doves in a Stew.
MARYSVILLE. July 24.— is estimated
that at least 900 persons will attend the
dove stew and shooting tournament to be
held at Sheltons Grove next Sunday under
the auspices of the Yuba and Sutter Gun
Club. Two thousand birds will be used in
the stew. To insure a plenty, 70 cents a
dozen ls offered for the birds by the club.
The best trapshots in the State will be
present and a programme will be arranged
that cannot be surpassed.
Peter Jackson Redivivus.
VICTORIA, B. CV, July 24.— Peter Jack
son, the pugilist, who Is here from San
When requested, the Resort- mentioned in this column will send yon circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The CalL
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West,
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. -—.—.__.«_
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance: superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer ana
small game plentiful; magnificent drives,
baths ln variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Dake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $5: via Callstoga, $3.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S P R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County. Cal., or see
L D CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland. 
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
The Valley
of Prunes.
I Hotel Vendome is in San Jose, in
the Santa Clara Valley, the valley
of prunes. Hotel Vendome is head-
quarters for Lick Observatory visit-
ors. It is a modern hotel and sum-
mer resort— a place of pleasure and
health— of rest and recreation.
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose. Cal.
iliiiii
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4". HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal vfrtues; best
natural bath in State; swimming and boating,
grand mountain scenery: good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone le-
graph dally mail and express: FIR&T-CLAbS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at , *:3O
; a m or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
week References, any guest Of the past four
years Patronage constantly Increasing— last
j year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
A SPRINGS.
Here you meet nice people who
seek rest and health and com-
Tort rather than display.
Details and rates cheerfully furnished by
XV. I. Mitchell, mgr.. Aetna Springs. Napa
County, or J H. Simpson, Odd Fellows Bldg..
San Francisco. Telephone Mint IS3,*.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. Lo-
cated or. a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
i and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
: dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
j J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
! HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL 1 AM-
pie accommodations ln Hotel; also in new-
cottages. just completed.
MRS. /-. T. WIOORE.
.,;.... BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MODNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
I VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
j and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
| Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
! boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
families. XV. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE *R/-R/V\.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River. 2** miles from Guernevllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
' Mountain Resort. Terms. $7 per week; chil-
i dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMRLINSON. Guernevllle. Cal.
\ NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND * P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
} DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Francisco, says he will issue a challenge
to the victor In the Jeffrles-Sharkey fight.
He is confident of winning.
Reception to Athletes.
LONDON. July 24.— The United States
Embassador, Joseph H. Choate, gave a
reception at his residence this afternoon
to the Yale-Harvard athletic team. A
large number of Americans were present.
Amateur Records Lowered.
OTTUMWA, la., July Three ama
teur world's records were broken to-day
on the ten-lap bicycle track here. F. S.
Duzenberg of Rockford, la., lowered the
amateur two-mile unpaced flying start
from 4:27 3-5 to 4:25. It was previously held
by W. A. Sanger of Denver. Duzenberg
also lowered the three-mile unpaced, held
by O. B. Hachenherg of Denver. Fred
Hooper of Dcs Moines lowered the mile
unpaced flying-start record, previously
held by A. B. Hughes of Denver, from
2:04 1-5 to 2:03 3-5.
Decision for Caspar Leon.
ST. LOUIS, July 24 — Caspar Leon,
I champion bantam-weight of the world.
: was to-night awarded the decision over
Morris RauCh of Chicago at the end of a
i twenty-round bout before the West End
j Club.
Sons of Exempts.
At a meeting of the Sons of Exempt
Firemen last night in the hall of the ex
empts on Brenham place the members
decided to take part in the parade to re
ceive the California Volunteers from Ma
nila, and as it will he their first turn out
since organization the members expect
to make a good showing. They will prob
ably turn out with the exempts. The
association will give a "social evening"
In their hall on next Saturday night.
|IP©s®lE.<s)lbl]cgs I
|^cp(LcSipir-ii!-t^--5
II Are arranged with every mod- I
111 I crn convenience for health or jl
II pleasure bathing. Pr.va'e tub j
lljll I baths for these who wish them |
pi — sulphur p unoe, iron shower, |
I} soda, salt glows, etc. Com- ||
11 . petent women and masseurs ffl
ilr and attendants Write for book. I
i\\i Otto E. Never. Prop.. City office P
||1 Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market St. fl
-^Shasta Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET DRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
. McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information. Illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel). . _____
ninilAA hot SPRINGS. - This
_J la cU SB I\" I I beautiful summer and
I Ml- M I 111 I winter resort, new
I ■ Ifl i_ I w owned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
I cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, ln the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
! walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids cr others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. de-pot, * a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. 18. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St., S. F.
■RYRON
-*-^ HOT SPRINGS
Have the only known remedy
for Rheumatism — the Hot
Mineral R th c . Address Inquiries to
A. RETTENS. Mgr.. at the Springs, or LOM-
BARD & CO., room 30,22^ Geary St., agents.
i _
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
j ket affords. The Baths refitted and Improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. Grounds
and walks beautified. Fine hunting and fish-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts., S.
F., at 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs. : : :*•;■ . .
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, GUroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.. ...
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
is located In the midst of the Coast Range.
! Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
i plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
| water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
I tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
_ Charming Spot to Visit This Sammer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FlSH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
I ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
I teen miles from Truckee, in the heart of the
i Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
I an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because It Is clean, no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
LAUREL DEL
. LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE, SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none bitter in Lake Co. ; gas Indoors and
j out. H. WAMBOLD.
! FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT gSf'SSSE
I Ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; train
] to Martinez, stage to hotel. Office 630 Market.
SUICIDE OF A SCION
OF AN OLD FAMILY
HIS GRANDFATHER NAMED THE
TOWN OF MARTINEZ.
Had Been Drunk All His Life and
Wound It Up With a Revolver
Bullet at the Age of
Thirty-Six.
Joseph Martinez, a descendant of the
Contra Costa pioneer family of that name,
committed suicide yesterday by shooting
himself through the head. He was .36
years old and was born in the town of
Martinez, which took its name from the
grandfather of the suicide.
Joseph was a ship-painter by occupation
whenever he was sufficiently sober to
work It was his boast that he had been
drunk all his life. He and his brother,
Jose I. Martinez, had been on a spree last
Sunday night and took to their room
in a lodging-house at 1050 Howard street
two flasks of whisky. They arose at 8
o'clock yesterday morning and had sev
eral drinks of whisky by way of appetiz
ers and the subject of their- conversation
was what they believed, to be their bad
luck in not possessing more of the world s
S °Flnany Joseph pulled out a drawer of
the bureau and took therefrom a British
bulldog revolver of 44 caliber. He began
revolving the cylinder and Jose cautioned
him about being careless, whereupon^ Jo
seph laughed and with the remark I m
tired of fife, anyhow," placed the muzzle
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
S',_ Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, C-__
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS. Agents, 621 Market st., San Fran-
cisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing*
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
rEsTafiORCHARDSggF*
HEALTH SPRINGS £_§__
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate ln California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, bounty.
Up in ths mountains near the lakes,
and in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP $9.30
J. Martens, prop.; city office, 416 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUILDING; HAND-
scme furniture: 60 outside rooms; every
modern conven electric bells and lighting;
; perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
! venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious fres
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
Ashing, artificial lake for 'mating and swim-
ming; long distance telephore; campers' return
tickets. $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTER3, Glenwood,
Cal. «
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL. Hopland. . Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS-. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cute for dyspepsia, indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL. ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rent and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CSI.
KENILWORTH INN,
ILL .VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
i» » summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under personal car* of
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
fGlenwood, Santa Cruz County. Cal.>
THIS FINE RESORT'IS FROM NOW ON
- open as a first-class summer and winter
resort.' For particulars apply to the manager.
Round trip only 12 50 on narrow-gauge route.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Siskiyou County, Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
of the weapon to his head and sent a
bullet into his brain.
The deed was done so quickly that his
horrified brother was unable to prevent it.
The body was removed to the Morgue ar.d
an inquest will be held.
» «» »
SMITH CHANGES HIS MIND
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Miss
Myrtle Sloane for Obtaining
Money by False Pretenses.
__ W. Smith, 201 A Front street hns
changed his mind and yesterday swora
to a complaint in Judge Treadweirs court
for the arrest of Miss Myrtle Sloane nrt
the charge of obtaining money by fals,»
pretenses.
The story was published exclusively ir.
The Call of July 12, and at that timo
Smith said that he had no desire to hay->
the woman arrested. She obtained $1000
from him on June "28 on the representa
tion that she was to purchase a half In
terest in the lodging house at 242 Post
street and would give him a chattel mort
_a_e- on the furniture and effects. She
purchased the half interest, but in a few
days sold out to J. W. Ellis and wife for
$900. and Sitiith was left to whist for
his money.
Auzerais Did Not Appear.
When the name of R. A. Auzerais. aihe,
Allen, 774 Clayton street, was called byKAj
Judge Mogan yesterday while disposing
of the "drunks" in the City Prison.
Auzerais failed to answer to his name and
the $5 bail he put up was declared for
feited and the Judge issued a bench war
rant for his arrest.
Auzerais surrendered himself at the City
Prison in the afternoon and the Judge
released him on his own recognizance.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOTNG TO NEW YORK. BOS-
ton or intermediate potnts, ask your agent to
route you via the famous WABASH, NIAGARA
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge. MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the interesting and beautiful sights seen by
! the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash is
; the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
; dacks. White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because It Is the coolest, time th»
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for Illus-
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and
Sea " R. C. CLINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R..
Los Angeles, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath; swimming
, pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
19 to $12 a week. Round trip. $3 75. Stage-
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co.. Cal. City Office, 912 Larkln st.
I '
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa County, Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neural*!,-*, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury in the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house.
Board and lodging, including baths. $9 and $19
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen. Sonoma County: also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting; finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel. 1021% Market St.. bet.
Sixth . and Seventh, San Francisco.
PLANT HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON"
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit
'cream and milk: free conveyance for parties or
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
3. LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County,
cr apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front st., S. _"-., fop
particulars.
fiDI CRAI) Most beautiful spot In Lak*
IcAHLJOAI; County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all els«
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
HO per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County.
JOHANMSBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 8100 feet Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 pep
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS OATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor.
r'-->.' ; HOTEL BENUENUE
AND COTTAGES. LAKEPORT. CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion. 80x
40; fronts lake 200 ft.; fine bowling alley and
- shuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground: good table; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables "in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $3 W. S. F. end N. P. to Uklah: thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON. Bertha, Laka
County. Cal.
VACFIMITF Fan Francisco to Chl-
¥ vFOI—It-- - __• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mll°*
to Yosemlte Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade: home cooking:
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Callstoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or I
rooms, with board: good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
=■ — .' -.
...DO WOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting: lh3
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sam)
at the Business Office or by order ttafougb
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents pep Week
65 Cents pe p Montti
rO STAGE PREPAID."HEARTSEASE" IN
MELODY, PATHOS
AND MELODRAMA
A Fine Performance
Well Staged.
— ♦ —
MISS BATES PLAYS SANS GENE
DRAMATICALLY AND MUSICAL
LY EAUST REPENTS.
Edwin Stevens in the Title Role of
"Wang" — New Vaudeville At
tractions — Theaters Offer
Monday Night Novelties.
iall but the memory of "Hearts-
When all but tlie memory of "Hearts
as disappeared behind the last
curtain the music still lingers, and with
rise and fall of the haunting mel
.--iy wo hear the voices of the players
g again the story of love and ambi- j
envy -_■ hate, of pride and deceit j
ity, of rage and despair, that shall
lind a lace in every community so long as,
w< Id shall last. The composer, Will
rst, has built his theme above the (
if none of us. With only panto- |
to explain it, we might roach a
fair solution of the meaning. By ex- !
I stage management it has been per
adapted to the play. Dine for line,
■ for beat, it has been modified to fol
a the sentiment and pace of th« dia-
When Eric Temple tells Margaret
X< \l] the story of his love the music Is
i for him as surely as his words, (
• "yes" is said as much to the
. of the melody as to the heart of
i. In the second act it urges latent
on to destructive action, and forc
w_y from "Now, that was prettily
to "That opera shall never reach j
Garden." clearly foreshadows the I
1 the third act It plays a wonderful |
ivaricihg and retreating with the I
and slowly rising in intensity un- j
he one magnificent crash of "It Is j
car!".., we are almost lifted off our i
'he situation is tremendous; the j
skips a beat, and down comes the
on rousing applause, six calls, !
avos and a demand for a speech, j
>rthy of note that it is the melody |
iciios our ear, and not the dismal I
it the accompaniment, as so often
5 when the orchestra is behind the
v he the effect of the music, and it
i. but time seems to Influence each
, scene. While the tory is devei
nd before we are interested, things
uickiy, keynotes ire struck forte
id until tiny carry to the back
onfessiuns are reached andante and
presto; situations that "hold" are
[is. ln the fourth act we are given
absorb a very pretty scene with
• shadows betore a word is spoken
diimes ring out to divide out atten-
I'irae, in fact, marches "Hearts
ii: various measures and many keys
t onward to success. .
; sense that effect is produced by
star' g situation. "Heartsease" is a
melodrama, especially in its fourth act;
tmt melodrama has its value, and in the
f the Miller company, even though
in the necessary exaggerated key,
s even to seem unusual.
Its four climaxes express as many dis
ntiments—the joy of requited love,
hos of despair, the frenzy of im
rage and the quiet satisfaction of j
drilled. Briefly, the story is the i
•-i a young composer for a beautiful
girl, whose hand he hopes to win through
the success of an opera into which he has ,
poured his very soul; the hate of a rival,
who. by altering the address of a certain j
note and slipping it under the fastenings
of the only score, sends the opera to tern- ,
porary oblivion, to drag it forth in time j
and produce it under another name as his j
own; the havoc wrought by the promis
cuous confidences of an old fool whose
sense of honor is nil and whose '.ague
wags at both ends; the vanity and guilty i
love of a married man, who patronizes ;
ie young musician to find expression fori
at love and to be a little In front of
c fashion, who pays his debts without j
s knowledge and at the crucial moment J
too cowardly to save his honor at the J
:pense of what she is pleased to con- j
ler her own, and the final clearing away
doubt and false accusation by the con
ssions of an accomplice In his cups and
c final awakening of the very tiny spark
good in the ■' man's nature. It has a I
w dull spots and one rTGiculous situa- j
>n, but while we note these better feat- ;
es rush in and disarm criticism. Mr. !
illor's Eric. Temple is better supported ',
can when seen here before, and fine j
-itormance that we thought it then It j
tins immeasurably by the environment, i
ne atmosphere of music is apparent I
herever he moves; hi* exit in the second j
■t is more pathetic than words can tell, i
id to note, in the third act, the dawning •
id growing consciousness tnat strains j
cm his own composition are aching i
s ears, to follow him through all the |
lades of doubt, to fearful conviction and i
sane fury, is a lesson to would-be Thes- I
ansj that dramatic Instinct must steady |
ieir aim if ever they would so perfectly
it tho mark. Some rather poor marks
men have from time to time stood close j
a- Mr. Miller's elbow.
Playing iho lover to Miss Anglin must
i a dei,ght. so responsive is she to every j
;ne and touch. Margaret Neville is not
ie very best part that ever was written, i
it It has two dramatic moments and a
ye scene of hifinite beauty. Making the j
OStlpf those, Miss Anglin charms away |
hat is dull and impossible, and sends
; away hoodwinked into thinking better |
' it than ,it deserves. Her methods are i
-autifuliy artist Miss Dale plays the |
ster with quiet, unobtrusive sympathy, ]
id Mrs. Boucicault adapts her personal- ,
v rather well to the weak, vain, silly. In- |
consistent character of Dady Neville. She
and my lord, especially in the second act. ;
recall distinctly Sir Peter and Lady Tea- j
zle and their oft-repeated quarrels. Mr. !
Aiion plays Padbury from his head to his
toes,' but "except In the matter of stockings, ,
dresses more harmoniously than his Eng-
lish would load us to suspect. Mr. Stand-
Ing is an excellent Sir Geoffrey Pomfret.
and if Mr. Lindsay would make himself
understood Major Twombley would be a
creditable performance. Charles Walcotl
Lord Neville truly reflected the blustering
character that gouty men of his means ,
and station are apt to develop. E >•.-
Browne as Captain Jack O'Hara is made
to cut .-• foolish figure through three acts
and given a rare opportunity for good
acting in th.- last. He recognizes the op- |
portunity and does some clever work.
The butler announced the guests so dis- i
tinct!', that wo re-ally caught their names. i
This Is worthy of mention because the au- j
thor has obviously introduced him Into the ;
play for that especial purpose, and bo-.
cause stage butlers usually keep one
guessing. Th. minor support was notice
ably good, and the careful attention to
detail In these performances is itself an
education.
The stage settings are beautiful and as
carefully correct to the period as the pub- j
lie will allow. The scone in the third act j
is a modified copy of one of Hogarth's
pictures. The eighteenth-century Cnve~r.
Garden Theater was not an elaborate ,
place. Perfot inces began at -t in me i
afternoon, and dressing was not a notice
aole feature. The original intention was
to present the picture with absolute cor
rectness, but the public mistook art for ,
frugality, and art was sacrificed for their
approval. As part of the public. I am not
sorry, for the beautiful gown that Miss
Angiin is thus permitted to wear is a hap- i
piness to behold. Yes. the play may be a j
melodrama, and perhaps has not the value
In dramatic literature of others presented; •
but in wigs nnd patches and stage-man-
Bged to perfection it is beyond question an
artistic success. It presents as beautiful
a succession of stage pictures as we have
ever seen.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Tivoli.
The people of this city know a good
thing when they see it. and this is the
reason why the Tivoli Opera-house was
rrowded to the doors last evening. The
good thing was J. C. Goodwin's comic
jperetta, "Wang." Two years ago this
piece was presented at the Tlvoll and ,
:hen it was that Edwin Stevens made his !
nit here. Coincident is the fact that he
Digs good-by to his many admirers, prior j
' ;o his departure to the East, in his ongl- j
nal character of Wang, regent of Siam.
He was at his best In acting and voice.
The old nursery songs of the piece were
particularly catching and the juvenile
quartet came in for a large share of well
merited applause. Ada Palmer-Walker,
in the character of Mataya, the crown
prince, was well received. It was a sur
prise to all that she was able to carry
the character so well where heretofore
she has appeared only In prima donna
roles. Charlotte Bockwith, Georgie Cooper
and Inez Dean, and in fact the entire
company, appeared at its host and there
is no doubt that "Wang" will draw full
bouses. Next week the Tlvoli's grand
opera season will open.
m
California.
Blanche Bates as Mme. Sans Gene is
pre-eminently a success. "Madame Sans
Gene" as the week's attraction at the
California is likewise. The theater was
crowded last evening with those who had
come to see one of the best nights the
Frawlevs have furnished since their ar
rival in town and Blanche Bates in her
marvelous variety. 
The difficulties of the play were well
calculated to bring out with a good deal or
force the strength of the peoplewitb whom
Mr. Frawlev has come West. Augustus
Cook as Emperor Napoleon. Charles W.
King as Fouche and Miss Bates In the
title role were honored with repeated cur
lain calls after each act.
Mr Cook's Interpretation of the char
acter of the Emperor has put him much
in the favor of the first-nighters if the
considerable comment that followed the
last act goes for anything. It is a part
which he originated and to which he is
peculiarly adapted. Mr. Frawley as De
Neipperg was simply Mr. Frawley, and
for a week is relegated to a part that
does not lead him often to the footlights.
-•
Grand Opera-House.
The production of Gounod's opera of
"Faust" at the Grand Opera-house last
night was a genuine success and it should
prove the hit of the season. It was mag
nificently staged, the choruses wore finely
rendered and the orchestra was admira
ble. It afforded an opportunity for this
popular company of artists to show what
►_♦—^_^_$_-*_<»_^-4~» -*- +■: ♦ *>-+— cs--»~^e—#. 4>— ♦— cs^-«-*~*~<^~»- THE WITNESSES YESTERDAY.
DR. WACHENDORF LISTENING TO THE WITNESSES YESTERDAY.
At the preliminary examination of Dr. Wachendorf. accused of the murder of John Kehlenbeck, the defend
ant, stimulated by cocaine, closely followed the testimony offered.
they were capable of doing in grand opera
and they were not found wanting.
Thomas H. Persse's Faust was not
marred by a single blemish. He was in
excellent voice and sang ».'th rare feel
ing and expression. William Wolf's
Mephisto was lifelike, and he seemed to
revel in his deviltry, In the church scene
he was particularly effective. Edith Ma
son was a delightful Marguerite, and her
sweet, pure voice was heard to advantage
in the jewel song and in her prayer in tin
prison scene. Winifred (bjff as Valentine
and Hattie Belle Dad as Siebel were ex
cellent and added much to the success of
the production. Bertha Ricci was Dame
Martha and Arthur Woolley Wagner.
The finale, showing Mephisto and Faust
in Hades and Marguerite regenerated,
created much enthusiasm. The curtain
did not fall till nearly midnight, which
was due to the insistent demands for en
cores. The soldiers' chorus had to be
repeated three times. To-night Miss Julie
Cotte. who has made many warm friends
since her appearance here, will assume
the part of Marguerite.
Orpheum.
The new turns and now people at the
Orpheum this week are up to the usual
standard of excellence sot by the man
ager of this perpetually crowded place
of amusement. The graceful and beau
tiful La Fafalla in the new sensation,
"The Lotus Flower." heads the list of
tlie spectacular attractions. The awak
ening in the heart of the lotus flower and
the Persian dance are marvels of sensu
ous motion and kaleidoscopic color ef
fects. For the time being the stage is a
fairy bower of beauty.
Elizabeth Murray took the house by
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
Fresh from the convent. Miss
Murray has made a hit in coon
songs and Irish dialect this week
at the Orpheum.
storm. Her coon songs and her coon
walk are inimitable, and her Irish brogue
sidesplitting, especially the story of Mary
Kelly and the Easter egg.
The ridges are clever colored ar
tists and will improve on acquaintance.
Laura Joyce Bell presents a taking farce
comedy. Her grimaces are a stud v. The
Phoites, with their beautiful harlequin.
Martha Pholte. give the old pantomime
scenes that delight the young: and .make
even the sober face of age break into
smiles.
Freight Wreck on the Santa Fe.
LOS ANGELES, July 24.— wreck of
a freight train on the Santa Fe at Mc-
Clelland, between Ash Fork and Williams,
yesterday, delayed traffic on the Santa
Fe for several hours. Eleven cars were
turned over and considerably damaged.
The wreck was caused by a broken wheel
in one of the cars. None of the train
crew was Injured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX-, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
PTOMAINES VS.
MORPHINE IS A
MURDER ISSUE
Trial of Dr. Wachen
dorf Opened.
— — • —
THE POLICE COURT HEARING
— —
DEFENSE WELL ALLEGE NATUR
AL CAUSES.
♦
Preliminary Examination of the Phy
sician Accused of Murdering His
Patient. John Kehlenbeck, by
Overdose of Morphine.
Dr. C. C. J. Wachendorf, accused by a
Coroner's jury of causing the death of
John Kehlenbeck by a deliberate over
dose of morphine administered June 26,
appeared for preliminary examination be
fore Judge Treadwell yesterday after
noon. He was represented by Attorneys
Reel B. Terry and H. J. Custer. L. G.
Carpenter conducted the campaign of the
prosecution. The courtroom was crowd
ed. The defendant, according to the
statement of one of his attorneys, had
been given an injection of cocaine to
steady his nerves for the first legal fray,
and he was a study as he sat next to
| his legal advisers during the preliminary
' hearing. He listened with a smiling In
terest to the testimony of people he had
known during his short stay ln Alameda
! who stated that he had acknowledged
himself broke and starving while in that
city, and while the physicians called by
the prosecution were on the stand he
leaned forward and followed their techni
cal statements as to the relative effects
; of various poisons on the stomach with a
keen and painful concern.
It seemed to be the idea of the defense
to suggest that Kehlenbeck had died of
! a number of natural diseases— among
i them diabetes, pyloric tumor of the sto
mach and valvular affection of the heart;
' but the trend of the testimony advanced
lev the professional persons who took part
: in the autopsy and stomach analysis was
that the stomach of the deceased showed
every evidence of an overdose- of mor
phine not hypodermically Injected, but de
liberately taken into the stomach.
Deputy Coroner George F. Fisher, J. S.
Zabala, M. D., George F. Weeks, editor
of the Enclnal of Alameda; Dr. C. H.
Bronson of Alameda (who knew the de
fendant when he sojourned in the Enclnal
city). Deputy Coroner John D. Sullivan,
Dr. George F. Hanson and Dr. L. H. Gru
nig (who attended the autopsy and analy
sis of the stomach of Kehlenbeck), to
gether with City Chemist Louis Crackbon
were called during the afternoon.
Their evidence, in regular order, was
a succession of statements about the case
already published at the time the Coroner
took charge of the remains of the de
ceased. There was, however, quite a bat
tle from time to time between witness
and the attorney for the defense over the
matter of how the analysis could arbi
trarily determine that the deceased had
died from an overdose of morphine.
Dr Zabala. who examined the vital or
gans of Kehlenbeck. testified that the ex
cessive use of morphine was evidenced by
the analysis, although the stomach was
diseased and had in It a pyloric tumor.
Th- deceased had undoubtedly been a
constant user of morphine.
Dr. Bronson of Alameda had met the
defendant in Alameda. Wachendorf was
thou poor, had no money and confessed
himself a victim to the cocaine habit.
Dr Bronson, despairing of inducing him
to give up this habit, forbade him to visit
hi-* house. Keel B. Terry objected to all
this testimony, but the Prosecuting At
torney kept the ball rolling by stating to
the Judge that the plan of the prosecution
was to show that the defendant, after a
siege of poverty in Alameda, suddenly
grew rich lust before the death of his pa
tient and friend, Kehlenbeck. It was also
Intended to prove that Wachendorf was
accustomed to the use of cocaine and
morphine and had a sympathy of habit
with the deceased. ,
Deputy Coroner Sullivan testified that
he secured the body of the deceased on
the evening of June 26 of this year, at
Sire 1 -. Jessie street, up stairs. Wachendorf
was present at the time and gave the
witness several causes of death— said atro
pine had been administered to the de
c ceased to stimulate heart action, and
i stated that Dr. Kehlen had attended Keh
. lenbeck part of the time.
I Chemist Crackbon described the analysis
i made of the stomach to determine the
cause of death. Four tests were used. It
, appeared that morphine in large quanti
ties had been administered. There seemed
to be strong evidence of poisoning. Dr.
Hanson followed with technical descrip
tions of the various tests and chemical
results of the analysis made, all of which
has been published before.
Then Dr. Grunlg, who followed the tests
of the stomach of the deceased, came to
'< the stand. A lively word play followed
j between the attorney for the prosecution,
I the defense, the witness and the Judge.
I It was over the question of the presence
j of ptomaine In the stomach of Kehlen
beck. This germ poison is caused by the
'■ decay of animal matter, and the means
chemically used to detect it produce simi
lar results to those following an analysis
for evidences of morphine poisoning.
I Judge Treadwell listened patiently to the
1 ensuing volume of technical queries over
this matter, and finally asked Dr. Grunlg
! for some plain information as to
! ptomaines, and especially Invited statis
j tics as to the number of ptomaines which
the human stomach could accommodate
at one time. The witness went on to state
that there were several kinds of pto
maines, and among them one called the
"skate." This information, given in all
earnestness, caused a mild humor to per
meate the courtroom and precipitated an
adjournment until this afternoon at 2
o'clock. - - ': tf :
The prosecution has several witnesses
to call, and the subsequent attitude of the
defense is yet to be learned.
Meanwhile Wachendorf is closely jailed,
but manages to occasionally secure
enough cocaine and morphine to brace
his nerves for the trials yet to come.
THE TRANSPORT TARTAR SAILS.
General Joseph Wheeler and His
Daughter Were Among the
Passengers.
The transport Tartar got away for the
Philippines last night. Two battalions of i
the Nineteenth Infantry and a few men
of the Fourth Cavalry went out on the j
vessel. There were some lively times just
before sailing. A number of the soldiers
had broken out and were having a fare
well drink when the corporal's guard
broke in on their revelry. They were all
hustled aboard the ship, and when they
showed fight were put in the guardroom.
Major General Wheeler and his daugh
ter went away in the Tartar. A large
number of people were down to see the
gallant Southerner away and he and his
daughter had quite a levee on the poop
deck prior to the gangway being hauled
The remainder of the Nineteenth In
fantry is expected to-day. They will go
aboard the transport Ohio and will sail
for Manila to-morrow.
The remains of the late Captain Charles
Goodall will arrive here about August 3.
in charge of Mrs. Goodall. They will be
taken to tho family residence on Pierce
and McAllister streets, and afterward to ;
the Simpson Memorial Church, where the i
funeral ceremonies will be performed.
The Interment will take place at r the :
family vault, Mountain View Cemetery, j
Oakland. . . .
Sailors continue to be very hard to ;
procure, and the Ship-owners' Association ,
has raised the rate of wages $5 a month.
The men are not "on the beach," how
ever and even "blood money" in some
instances fails to secure a crow for deep
water ships. The barkentlne Catherine
Sudden for Honolulu is in the stream
waiting for six men. and the Roanoke.
loaded for Europe, has not secured half a
crew.
There is so much freight going to Port
land that the regular steamers cannot
handle it. In consequence tin- steamer
Empire has been put on the run and will
load freight for the Columbia River to
day.
Samuel Newland. a sailor on the Brit
ish ship Hyderabad, fell from the main
deck to the lower hold of the ship yes
terday and was badly injured. He was
brought ashore and sent to St. Mary's
Hospital. His scalp was very much lac
erated and his spine Injured.
TREADWELL IS SURE
HE HAS BEEN FOOLED
THE JUDGE ON THE "BRICK" Mc-
PHERSON WARRANT.
Thinks Some One Has Been Guilty of
Perjury or Contempt of Court in
Securing the Warrant.
Th? extraordinary circumstance of
"Brick" McPberson swearing out a war
rant for the arrest of Thomas R. Davis,
supposed to be a mythical personage, on
the charge of embezzling $100,000 has
aroused the indignation of Judge Tread
well, and ho is determined to probe the
matter to the bottom, as he thinks he
has boon made a fool of.
Yesterday afternoon he expressed his J
feelings from the bench. He said: "Mr. j
Clerk, I want you to put the case of
Thomas R. Davis, for whose arrest on a j
charge of felony embezzlement a warrant
was issued by this court last week, on the
calendar for Thursday and issue- subpenas j
to Attorney Harvey Brown. A. W. Mc
pherson and Prosecuting Attorney Car
penter to appear in court on thai day to
give fuller evidence to show why the court
should not withdraw the. warrant entirely.
"I also want the Chief of Police In
structed to bring the warrant into court,
and if it is not in the custody of the Chief,
whoever has it must hand it to the clerk
of the court.
"If the facts as represented in the news
papers are true, and I believe they are,
then the men Instrumental in issuing the '
warrant are responsible and should be -
punished. They are either guilty of per-!
jury or contempt of court. Everything
must be done to bring cent the facts, and
I am determined to do it.
"I don't believe that Mcpherson was
embezzled out of 1100,000., or even 50 cents,
and I believe he has committed perjury in
swearing to the complaint. The sooner
he is landed in San Quentin, where he
belongs, the better."
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter said it
was unnecessary to subpena him. as he
was an officer of the court. He knew a
man who was familiar with all the facts
and if the Judge would issue a "John
Doe" subpena, as he did not wish to give
bis name, he would see that It was served
upon him.
The Judge so ordered, and remarked
that he was satisfied the prosecuting at- ,
torney had only done his duty, but he
wanted the matter fully investigated.
In the Divorce Court.
Jennie F. Stone was granted a divorce
yesterday from James Stone on the
ground of extreme cruelty. The plaintiff
was awarded all of the community prop
erty together with the custody of her
minor child. Frank E. Adams has been
granted a divorce from Stella A. Adams
on the ground of desertion. Mary Eber
hardt has sued Charles P. A. Eberhardt
for a divorce, alleging intemperance as
a cause of action. Florence Craig has
been granted a divorce from John Craig
on the ground of willful neglect.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
191 Seventh ■treet. corner Mission. Salt
water direct frcm the ocean.
OLD BOSSES FALL OUT
AND HONEST MEN REJOICE
(Continued from First Page.)
he appeared before the Legislature as
a lobbyist to settle a claim of Himmel
man. It was nothing more than an at
tempt on his part of saddling a debt
on this city of $6,000,000. That fact was
published and spread broadcast over
the country. Lawrence is in the habit
of railing people unconvicted of crimes
criminals. This fellow has been con
victed and was sent to jail by the Leg
islature, and if he had his just dues
he would be there for the balance of
his life. I handed the nomination to
him at the earnest request of George
Hearst, but he never showed any grat
itude. My coat's off and I am ready
to fight. The more they come the
harder I will come back. I am not
seeking this notoriety. It is a cow
ardly attack on a man with his hands
tied or otherwise it would be different,
both to that scoundrel and the man
who has given me that tirade to-day.
I don't think the Lawrence-Rainey
crowd have any support outside the
Fire Department."
■♦
DEMOCRATS OBJECT.
Twenty-Ninth District Club De
nounces the Examiner.
The Democratic club of the Twenty
ninth Assembly District held a meeting
I last night for the purpose of selecting del
egates to the next municipal convention,
to- be voted for under the new primary
: law. James B. McSheehy presided and
James J. Farrel was secretary. Four hun
dred of the 700 members of the club were
present. , .. .
James Bowlln created quite a stir and
much applause in an attack on the Exam
iner, which paper he accused of an at
tempt to destroy the Democratic party.
He concluded by saying that every Demo
crat should repudiate the Examiner. Re
marks of a similar tenor were made by
Thomas J. Eagan and others.
The club, after indorsing James D. Phe
lan and Dr. Washington Dodge, nominated
the following as its choice for delegates
to the coming municipal convention:
At large— Thomas J. Lagan.
First Precinct— T. J. Malone, George
Madison. - „ , _ 
Second Precinct— J. Skelly, J. B. Mc-
Sheehv. _.
Third Precinct— McAvoy, Thom
as Brady. , __ __ .
Fourth Precinct— W. Zanders, >.. Uein-
ensky.
Fifth Precinct— J. Welsh.
Sixth Precinct— M. Herlihy, J. Tierney,
W. Burke. _ _
Seventh Precinct— W. Murray, J. Finn,
J. Tiernan. , _
Eighth Precinct— Kaufman, J. Deer-
Ninth Precinct— T. Gibney. P. H. Cahill.
Tenth Precinct— J. Haggerty. J. O'Brien.
Eleventh Precinct— J. Flanigan, J. Con-
lev.
Twelfth Precinct— J. D. Condon.
Thirteenth Precinct— Farrel.
Fourteenth Precinct— J. D. Coughlan.
Fifteenth Precinct— Breslin.
Sixteenth Precinct— William McClure. J.
B. Rvan. _
Seventeenth Precinct— J. B. Courtney.
POLLIES GIVE FAY
THE HORSE LAUGH
General dissatisfaction has been caused
in the Democratic ranks by an attempt
on the part of Charlie Fay, acting pre
sumably for his Honor the Mayor, to in
duce the leaders of the different clubs
throughout the city to submit to him a
list of the names of the delegates whom
they intend nominating for the coining
primary election.
A roar has gone forth throughout the
different precinct clubs in nearly every
district, and it is safe to say that few
clubs have complied with Fay s re
quest. _. .
Several prominent politicians were sent
for by Fay and he informed them thai.it
was the wish of the Mayor to peruse the
names of the candidates and advise with
them as to the candidates best fitted to
serve the interests of the party and inci
dentally his own. .
In most cases the request was met with
a flat refusal, but there were some who
complied with the Mayor's wishes and
Mr. Fay's request. The matter has caused
considerable hubbub in political circles,
and Fay Is being severely criticised.
Whether or not the leaders of the clubs
will ultimately deliver themselves over
to Fay is a matter for conjecture, but
it is certain that the request has caused
some soreness and many laughs at the
expense of Fay.
Alcazar.
"Faust," with Lewis Morrison in the
role of Mephisto and Miss Florence Rob
erts as Marguerite, was the attraction at
the Alcazar last night. It was a gratifying
success. As the evil one Mr. Morrison
was afforded an opportunity for the full
display of his dramatic ability, and he
was rewarded by several curtain calls.
Miss Roberts makes a worthy Mar
guerite, and in the scene with her soldier
brother, who is dying from a sword thrust
Inflicted by Faust, and in the prison scene
sin played the pari with great pathos and
dramatic effort. White Whittlesey as 1
Faust is very good and Frank Denithorne I
made a very' favorable impression as Val
entine, Marguerite's brother. The play is
well staged and the scene on the summit
of the Hi-co-ken is given with startling
dramatic effect. Altogether, "Faust.'' as
put on by the Alcazar Company, is well
worth seeing, and Lewis Morrison's fare
well week bids fair to be his most suc
cessful of the season.
The Chutes.
Violet Pale bucked and winged her way
into the good graces of a large audience
at the Chutes theater last night. She
was heartily applauded, as were also Hal
let and Carroll, a clever comedy sketch
team. The three Kei tons provided a varied
entertainment, which ranged from toe
dancing and violin solos to _ complete
dog show. Blanche Le Claire Sloan, a
sister of the redoubtable Tod. gave a pret
ty Roman ring act, and Vifanta presented
a novel electrical club-swinging exhibi
tion. The rest of the bill was good. On
Thursday night a feature of the amateur
performance will he a fat ladies' bicycle
race.
DIAZ TO MAKE A TOUR
OF THE UNITED STATES
Mexico's President Will Accept Many
of the Cordial Invitations
Tendered Him.
CITY OF MEXICO, July 24.— President
Porflrio Diaz feels highly honored by the
; pressing invitations he has received to
! visit many of the principal cities of the
' United States during the coming fall.
While he has not accepted any of these
! invitations, it is stated on the authority
i of a member of his Cabinet that he will
probably obtain leave to go out of the re
public from Congress when that body
■ meets in September, and that he will start
on an extended tour of the United Stater*
about October 1. It has long been Presi
dent Diaz's cl, sire to make a trip such as is
now proposed, and he believes that no
' more propitious time for doing it will be
found than this fall.
NICARAGUA ASKED TO
REFUND TO AMERICANS
During the Recent Revolution Mer
chants Were Forced to Pay-
Double Port Charges.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Secretary Hay
has called upon the Nicaraguan Govern
ment to refund to American merchants
■ the amount which they were illegally
compelled to pay for port and other duties
during the recent revolution at Bluefields.
Several American merchants were made
to pay these duties twice because officers
representing the revolutionists and the
I Nicaraguan Government were in control
of the different ports at the same time.
, A temporary adjustment was effected by
' the merchants ~aylng the second tax un
i der protest, with the understanding with
I this Government that their rights would
be protected and any overcharge refunded
when Nicaraguan politics assumed a
more satisfactory condition.
The State Department has fully met the
THIi EMPORIUM. I T ___?__?_?? -
¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^
sr^ III 7 ! iiP®Rii 111 c i
£ s^. Leons ™ Ooldenßnle Bazaar. w mStaLeons «
ft C4urcfini4,SL-PG_sr- America's. grandest STORE . J
* The Five St. Leons, the famous family of J
* gymnasts, acrobats and contortionists now exhibiting at J
* The Emporium, positively close their marvelous exhibi- *
J lion on Thursday afternoon. Only three more «
* days— 10 to 12 a. m., 2tosp. m. . Exhibition Hall, J
» second floor. Admission free. J
I Clearing Sale-Men's $™_*Z |
i Summer Clothing. t« I
J $7.50 and $10 which should close out the lot before Saturday night. J
fr All are in the popular sack coat style, up to date in cut and pat- *
* terns, materials all wool, making first class, linings __)_*¥ *
J and trimmings that will outwear the cloth in the IWUilf +,
ft garments, a dozen different styles and all sizes in j^l^ £&£_Z *
J the lot '. :...... . . . *!******** +
* Crane's Furnishings, _% ___*« J
| 65c on the Collar. t^Jt-T^ I
* Crane's handsome stock of Men's Furnishings disposed of. p.oo *
J Shirts, now 39c; 50c Shirts, 35c; 50c Neckwear, 25c; y^c Balbriggan _,
* Underwear, 4jc; we Colored Bordered Handkerchiefs, 10c; 25c J
{ Hose, 1 6c — together with a hundred more equally as good bargain-. +
I Don't forget the *
I Dinner Set Sale, /g^, I
ft For the entire week The Emporium offer- r*&££s*?*_____^^x tf^^___K "*
fr Meakin's Semi-Porcelain Dinner Sets, light |J^SSO^_^^s_^^^^^y *
* brown border and colore i spray of autumn leaf >{&*£*'' F*-^g^^_----__»^r _*>
* decorations, 105 pieces complete for 12 per- L__L^-*X __*JE_i* 2
* son*, regularly $12.50 set, special for one 2,
? week ft $7*25 4
| FOR TUESDAY ONLY* i
* Bargiin for Tuesday. Tuesday Bargain in *
* Bedford Cord Refrigerators J
? and v We have just 9 _i
1 am* _r_i- __, l^i-^E-s^ of the No. 20 *
ft RepP PiUUeS. ]^U^3{ _ North Star Rr- *
* _,«_._. , Hft _____=-=L! frigerators (con- *
fr The most fashionable Wash Fabrics of B *^T^l I ceded to be the *
fr the season, in both light and dark I ■"'__[ f*^**- best family re- *
fr grounds, with pretty figures and stripes, 111 e^Hi^ '^--^Sjfl frigerators manu- J
* strong, well-made cloth, the proper ma- | -Ihj-ij.l}^ factured), that we 2!
» terial for waists, shirts or dresses, regu- I !_l wish to close out «
J lar prices 12<^c and 15c yard— on sale A^p _^^^| to-day, the size is «
ft Tuesday only *° I Ns. == T === l I w ' -:-3x21x47 inches, *
ft \j|J-- i --TU capacity 100 lbs J
I Bargains for Tuesday |mr former price _____* **W J
ft in CrOCkery* | early enough to-day you can get ore
» -_ OT ____ _ . -. 'for $11*35 «
* f^Zi — c^-N Best qu-hty Stone ™ J
* - =-■■='%_)) China Coffe > Cups s«gB* /-^ T«<-scto. *
* ; ; )ff^ and Saucers, with Bargain for Tuesday. 5
fr " __JaU^ handle, regularly Pompadour Combs. *
J X-^l 11.50 dozen— to dr.- rompauvur fjrumns*.
fr ■"*■' on ] v get of 6..49 C -A- fine quality of Japanese Shell Pom- <*
fr ' ' nadour Combs, our regular 45c, 50c and "#
* --—-. '^ c 2 ra^ > an exceptional values at "^
* Fancy shape China \}^^~^^_//^\ i those prices — on sale to-day only at *
J Milk Pitcher, gold ¥^^_^'^\fy 34g «
ft edge, decorated with [\\4f~ U\ Bargains for Tuesday *
\_ pink, blue or purple \^h_h~>; Ji ! ■_ -__ - _- -. «
$ flowers, regularly \fi&ff^ \ I" MIiSKC FoilOS. <
fr 4o each — to-day \ * * f To-day only The Emporium offers its *
* , 10-t fi ,'■ ■[ entire stock of 50c Folios at the snecial _[
* only '*"* H^_JJz> price of 25C* Over 100 different J
J kinds — Piano. Duet. Violin, Mandolin, _■
? __ , 'Juitar and Banjo Folios. Among them
ft Bargains for Tuesday are: «
ft _ _. -»___r __ __*. :__§**** Strauss' Dance Collection. *'
fr in TOliet ArtiCieS* Champion Dance Folio. J
* Whisk Broom, double _ J°' io of , Plantation Songs. ,. J
J stitch, fin. quality of (§} National Artists Piano Folio.
fr broom corn stock, with M J °™ c Peoples Folio *
ft triple-plated silver han- Vg) Superb Mandolin and Guitar Folio. _ _-
i die regular 3"c value — Mm Bargain for Tuesday |
J to-dav-onu- we M __\ Bargain for Tuesday *
* _ A , n -uTtL?^ km In Muslin Curtains. *
T hard-milled Toilet hoap. /A teg
_\ in tTee fragrant odor 3 J,|;:J '■ ■ t/'A ■. SO pairs Ruffled Muslin Curtain*, white
fr of Violette. Heliotrope / ,c' . t 'I : and corded, 3'^ yards long, 40 inches _■
ft and Rose 'Jacqueminot," \i\ W^ %\ wide, very dainty and the correct thing ■*
* put up in box s of 3 /ic™ij{i!l|i!'/]ji']i''l for bedrooms or cottages, our regular *
* cakes— to day only, box. ' - price $1.50 pair — on sale to-day only *
* : ...19c 98c *
I Grocery and Liquor Specials %
* (For Two Djvs — Tuesdiv and Wednesday). *
* Flour— Emporium Fancy Family, there French Vermouth— Tor 2 da**<*. *
* is none better made— for 2 days, 50-lb bottle 58c i
frv_ 77c
£ Baking Powder he' Emporium Angostura Bitters— On special J
* brand pure and without adulteration, sale for 2 days, per bottle 583 *
fr Mb tins-special for 2 days...... JO© Tokay IV/ne-Regularlv 50c bottle J
ft dfeese-Toe/besi quality of Mild _ lv 4 roU eg to each buyer at the J
* California— for 2 d -v.-. pe- lb ......110 cjal p - ic , __ for _ days" 4 bottles I
* Van Camp's Soups- £ r £ - $yQQ J
* regular.y 2 cans for 25c-2 day*^ 3 x " r ' "" v ■* w J
* cans for. 25c Champion Bourbon— Regular. J
A Beans— Bayon ard Pink Beans, first ly $3.50 gallon— for 2 days, per gallon. 41
ft quality— for 2 days 11 lbs f0r.... _?5c $2*65 <«
f fr A** AAA****** ***** ***->* ******* ■_46_-«4A*-4^
ft
ft
ft
ft
ft
ft
ft
ft
»
fr
ft
ft
charges made by Nicaragua that Ameri
can merchants were involved in the rev
olution Inaugurated to overthrow the
Government by showing thai although
some Americans may have been in sym
pathy with the revolutionists they did not
take an active part. it is the expectation
of officials that Nicaragua will now re
fund overpayments without further pro
test.
LOST HIS LIFE IN
THE GRAND CANYON
Futile Search for W. F. Russell
Along the Treacherous
Colorado.
ASH FORK. Ariz.. July 24.— The party
which left here on July 14 in charge of
\V. w. Bass, an experienced guide, to
search for \V. F. Russell of Syracuse,
Neb., returned late last night after a
week's perilous hunt through the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado. Russell, in com
pany with H. B. Clifford, George D. Rob
erts', George and Charles H. Gibson, mm
ELECTRIC BELT _^/m^
••AIT A f VC"
"QUACKS" imMt
Differ but little from the common, every-dajr v_c_i_Lr^_l l^'— >>. " **2jKs_^o
sort of Quack. The latter fills you up with -<^ _r? -^^Jjßf 7ZT •I __ ___t '
poisonous drugs, while the former Impose in- Si-^'^SB^^^^^^JyC i'^f^J' — -
ferior old-style belts upon you at most out- 'V^/j* '"■^r'^r VlHwjes •^}!?\ras_qu^--
rageous prices. A good electric belt Is a good ' v I I -^- lT___f_ l. « "H»Ssf_^~"
thins for you If you lack strength and vitality, >____s?_ r 7 {___2_fWS
but be sure you jet a good one. We make elec- ""S^^K^-— _A VtiV^s>*V^".
trie belts. ('all at our factory and sales, ooms _-^/V / lfei_"\ **_Zaw_|c«' —
and examine the goods for yourself. "P»ere are "*^ f*^tJ___^__)£r__t^K_Vß±_
no quacks connected wltt our establishment. If ' r^^Mj_^^H^»-^\^
you cannot call, send 2c in stamp? for our ' l'^^^?)VV v
price list and "Booklet No. J." Addrese
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Frarvolsoo.
ing men of Boston and New York. Henry
Sellers and the two Fleming brothers of
Williams, attempted to cross the river,
which is full of rapids, whirlpools and
falls, at Bright Angel trail on July 9 in
a frail canvas boat. The boat capsized.
When last seen the capsized boat was
going over the rapids, Russell clinging
to it.
A search party was organised in the
hope that Russell reached shore some .'is
tance down the canyon, where, unac
quainted with the few trails leading out
of the canyon, he would perish from star
vation and exposure. The party consisted
of men who have many years' experience
in the great chasm. two of whom went
over the rapids and whirlpools in boats,
nearly meeting Russell's fate. There Is
little doubt now that Russell never
reached shore.
Body Cast Upon the Beach.
OXNARD. July 24.— The body of a young
man, Identified as that of Robert Archi
bald, son of a shoemaker here, was cast
upon the beach by the waves at Hueneme
to-day. The boy on Sunday went to Hue
neme to fish. It is not known how he lost
his life.
56
TUESDA \\ JULY 25, 1899
_
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 18CJ.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
■ Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year ?B.o<
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.00
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «>"> c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Tear 1-00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising:, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON Herald Squar*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE «
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
ehertn-a House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel 1
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel, A. Bre-utano. tl Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote!
J. L. ENGLISH. Correaoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9.30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- -991 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second end Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Heartsease. "
California— "Mme. Sans Gene."
Orpheum Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Wang."
Alcazar— "Faust ''
Grand Opera House— "Faust."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Hath" - Swimming Races, etc
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Barth— This day, at 12 o'clock. Book Store, at 1728
Market street. _________________________>_____-_■
_=ZZ
TWO CLASSES OF CITIZENS
DO you care for good government in San Fran
cisco? To that question every business man,
every property owner and every taxpayer will
promptly respond: "Of course 1 do." So far all are
agreed, but beyond that point differences appear, and
the general body of citizens divides into two classes.
The one class seeks to assure good government by
taking an interest in politics during municipal cam
paigns, the other class neglects every duty and shirks
ever*,' -responsibility of that kind, but when the cam
paign is over proceeds to manifest a great concern
for the public welfare by complaining, protesting and
denouncing everything that goes wrong and every
body connected with it.
In the terse language of the streets members of one
class are called "workers," and those of the other
are called "kickers." In communities where workers
prevail there is always a fairly honest and efficient
administration of public affairs, but where the kick
ers predominate there is endless corruption, jobbery,
confusion and wrangling.
There are too many of the kicker class in San Fran
cisco. Too many men of good position in the busi
ness world and in social and club life who content
themselves with wordy and windy denunciations of
bad politics, instead of making any serious and earn
est effort to remedy the evil and bring about the elec
tion of trustworthy officials.
These men find it easier and pleasanter to neglect
their political duties than to attend to them. They
have always some excuse. There is work to do in the
office or the shop, there is an engagement at the club
or the theater, there is a book to read, a friend to see,
or perhaps a mere inclination for dawdling, or play
ing pedro. Anything will serve to turn them aside
from the ward meetings, the primaries, the work ot
the canvass, or any other duty to which the responsi
bilities of citizenship call them.
The kickers become indifferent to politics as soon as an
election approaches. They may have been vehement
all through the year, but as soon as the time comes
when work is expected of them they lose interest in
the city. When urged to arouse themselves they grow
positively antagonistic. They not infrequently refuse
even to read anything about politics. They delight
in jibing at good men who show zeal in public affairs.
They stay in their places of business when no work
requires them, they hang around the clubs or their
homes for hours in idleness, and sometimes can be
heard boasting they arc "too respectable" to take
part in political campaigns.
Having neglected to attend to politics when by
attention they might bring about the election of good
men to office, they find very soon that they neglected
their own interests when they evaded their duty to
the community. Bad politics makes itself felt in their
business, in their homes, in the schools their children
attend, in the streets along which they pass and in the
taxes levied upon their property Then they arouse
again and for another year fill the city with the noise
of their complainings.
Every business man, property owner and taxpayer
cares for good government in San Francisco. The
issue before each of them to determine now is
whether they will manifest that care as a worker or
as a kicker. There is a chance to elect a good admin
istration to inaugurate the municipal government
under the new charter. The Republican party has
prepared the way. If the good citizens of San Fran
cisco share the political work imposed by the respon
sibilities of our republican institutions we can have as
good government as any in the world. If they prefer
private business or pedro games to politics they will
have none but themselves to blame if municipal
affairs pass under the control of Buckley or of Rainey
and the Examiner.
News comes that the report of the arbitration com
mittee has been adopted as a whole by the Interna
tional Peace Congress. Now will the congress ad
journ and crawl into it!
Canadians seem to have short memories. Sir Wil
frid Laurier says the only alternatives in the Alaska
boundary dispute are war or arbitration. He forgets
the Fenians.
The business man who neglects politics in this cam
paign will be neglecting business of the most import
ant kind
ROBERT G. INGERSOLL.
I F the reputation of Robert G. Ingersoll depended
IF the his atheism or his agnosticism it would be
upon his atheism or his agnosticism it would be
1 ephemeral. If the theories he so ostentatiously
announced were true there would be no excuse even
for reference to his extinguished existence. The
Preacher says: "And how dieth the wise man? As
the fool! Wherefore," he added, "I praise the dead
which are already dead more than the living which
are yet alive."
But Robert G. Ingersoll was not a great atheist,
nor a great agnostic. Dissimilar though they are, he
aspired in his published lectures and addresses to both
distinctions. His irreverence, however, his theory
of deistical brutality, was a mere phantasy, unsus
tained by scholarship or by reason and contradicted
by every element of his personal character. His love
for his wife and for his children, his tenderness to
ward relatives and friends, would have been spurious
and repulsive if in his heart he had not accepted what
in speech he derided and contemned.
Mr. Ingersoll was not a great lawyer. He was a
fine advocate before juries. He was an effective plat
form orator. He was capable of grasping immediate
situations and exciting the emotions of men and of
women. Upon occasions he would beat thin senti
mentalism into a glittering leaf that violated Shake
speare's injunction against painting the lily or adorn
ing the rose. And yet the man was intensely emo
tional and shocked human sensibility in terms that
mocked the iconoclasm he professed.
It was fashionable years ago for the narrow-headed
worshipers of themselves who infest modern com
munities to parade as gems sentences from Ingersoll
that, when they were analyzed, were meaningless.
The nineteenth century has produced great agnostics.
Strauss, the German, and Renan the Frenchman, were
specimens of this particular cult. But Robert G. In
gersoll belonged to a lower range of scholarship and
of thought. He had never studied the great German
and French critics of the Bible. His "mistakes of
-Moses" were pervaded by misapprehensions of the
text of the Pentateuch. When he attempted debates
with Jeremiah Black of Pennsylvania and with Wil
liam Ewart Gladstone, his propositions were liter
ally pounded into dust. His logic and his literature
completely failed when subjected to those tests that
represented the highest intellect and profctundest
knowledge of the world.
And yet. though not a great man. Robert G. In
gersoll was not common. The injury his avowed
sentiments might have done to the youth of the
country was counterbalanced by the clashing ac
knowledgments of his life. It was idle for a man to
deny the existence of God who confessed and pro
claimed the principle of fraternity. The aridities of
atheism were divested of their corrosive power when
pervaded by the magnetic affections. The brutali
ties of chance were idle assumptions when accom
panied by the admission of the certainties of law. The
hard conception of annihilation had no place in sen
tences that were infused with the glow and with the
heal of immortality.
There is some of the work of Ingersoll that will
survive and refute his atheistical and his agnostic pre
tensions. He delivered some addresses that were re
plete with tenderness and gently touched the finer
issues of life. He made some arguments that mani
fested power and energy. On many occasions he
developed a deep capacity for humor which was at
once broad and delicate. His heart and his intellect
frequently collided, and those sentiments that are the
eternal answer to the materialists broke through the
crust of his nihilistic dogmatism, with the refreshing
influence of the dew or of the rain.
The prevailing view of Ingersoll will sound in char
ity. He was better than his opinions, some of which
arrayed against him personal bitterness and held him
below the political crowns and rewards that he would
otherwise have reached. With all his peculiarities, he
stood for lofty principles and in many respects was
helpful to men and to women of all races. His voice
rang out for freedom and against every form of wrong
and injustice that illustrated the inequalities of civil
ization. He will be remembered in America and not
forgotten throughout the world.
THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY DISPUTE.
WHILE American and British banqueters are
holding festal Anglo-Saxon reunions in New
York and London, and while the delegates
from this country and those from Great Britain at the
Peace Conference are fraternally supporting one
another in advocating international arbitration as a
means of settling disputes between civilized nations
and the use of the dumdum bullet when arbitration
fails, the Governments of the two nations are having
the hardest kind of a time in determining which shall
have possession of a strip of territory and a harbor
in the remote wilds of the Alaskan coast.
The issue at stake is not large when the magnitude
of the territorial possessions of the two nations are
taken into consideration. Either of them could af
ford to lose the strip and would never miss it. The
soil in dispute will never be cultivated by either
Americans or British, and the trade of the harbor
will never yield customs duties enough to pay for
maintaining a warship to protect it. Nevertheless, the
dispute concerning the location of the boundary along
that frozen coast line has caused friction enough to
warm it up, and threatens to become in the end hot
enough to make it tropical.
The chief issue involved is the principle of the
thing. In the judgment of our diplomatists Pyramid
harbor belongs to us, and Canada is guilty of aggres
sion when' she demands it. In the judgment of the
Canadians the harbor belongs to them, and we arc
domineering land grabbers because we have taken
possession of it. Great Britain, it is said, is perfectly
willing to concede our claims, but docs not like to
irritate the Canadians. All parties are willing to ar
bitrate, but cannot agree on the terms of arbitration.
So while the champagne sparkles in the glasses of the
fraternizing sentimentalists in New York and London
the hardy adventurers who have gone to hunt gold in
the frozen north are getting their guns and making
ready to fight.
The genial diplomatists of a bygone age who drew
up over their walnuts and their wine the treaty be
tween Great Britain and Russia defining the boun
daries of their possessions in the great frozen north
west, without taking the trouble to have the country
surveyed or even explored, doubtless thought all was
well enough so long as it suited them. They did not
foresee that a time would come when the Russian
possessions would pass into our hands, when gold
would be discovered in the valley of the Yukon, when
there would be a sudden rush of trade into every har
bor along the Lynn Canal, when their carelessness
would come to disturb the relations of two Govern
ments whose people were bubbling over with the rap
ture of a fresh affection.
Such, however, is what has come to pass. The
Russians, who are desirous of keeping Great Britain
and the United States more or less hostile to one
another, are doubtless enjoying the situation. In
their judgment the blunder of the old treaty-makers
was providential. Of course there will be no war on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 25, 1899.
the subject, but it may have results sufficiently serious
to put an end to all the talk about Anglo-Saxon unity
and set the international revelers of the two coun
tries to hunting some other toast as a reason for
drinking their champagne together.
AUTOMOBILES AND RAILWAYS.
ANEW phase of the automobile question has
presented itself to Wall street. The far-seeing
speculators have begun to consider what effect
the new vehicle may have upon the earning capacity
of railways. It is not expected the competition will
be felt by long-distance freights, but it is believed the
short lines and the short-distance traffic over long
lines will be very seriously affected by the facilities for
transportation furnished by the motor cars.
A recent number of the Financial Review, issued
by Henry Clews & Co., in discussing the prospects of
railway earnings, says the problems of the trunk lines
may be solved by better management and by combi
nations, and then adds:
"The smaller lines, the feeders of the trunk roads,
would present a different problem, less easily con
ti oiled, and which, viewed in the distance, seems to
suggest a less promising outcome. It remains to be
seen how far that class of roads may be exposed to
competition from automobile carriage. Sufficient has
been already achieved by this new appliance to place
it beyond question that the automobile is destined to
become much more than a mere passenger vehicle.
With further perfecting in some of its minor details
it can be made available for carrying freight in con
siderable bulk, upon well constructed highroads, with
greater speed and at much less cost than by either
horse power or railroad. It thus becomes a question
of great interest whether much of the short-haul busi
ness of the railroads is not liable to be diverted from
the minor railroads to this new means of transport.
It is also a question under consideration among en
gineers whether it may not, in many cases, be found
possible to combine the automobile system with the
trolley system with advantage to both."
The Wall street men are by no means premature in
considering the problem. The competition, if it is to
come at all, will come soon in every section of the
country where there are good roads. The construc
tion of automobiles is being carried forward with all
the energy for which American manufacturers are
noted.
Not only are the manufacturing plants already en
gaged in making automobiles large and well
equipped, but new plants are being established.
Within the last few weeks it has been noted in our
exchanges that a Chicago company has been formed
for automobile work with a capital of $5,000,000. A
large bicycle manufacturing company in Kenosha,
Wis., has turned the plant into a factory for making
automobiles, and the Elgin Sewing Machine Com
pany of Elgin, 111., has been bought out by a com
pany, which will convert the plant to an automobile
factory.
The demand is sufficient to justify the new enter
prises. Orders for 4000 electric automobiles, to cost
$8,000,000, have just been placed with a New Eng
land manufacturing company, and a Chicago firm has
taken a contract to furnish Paris with 5000 electro
mobiles. These items are gathered from the records
of the news within the past two weeks. They repre
sent only what is new, and nothing of the great works
previously established and the large orders given in
the past. Wall street, it will be seen, is wise in keep
ing an eye on the automobile as a competitor to rail
roads.
WHEN OUR BOYS COME HOME.
WHILE the departure of the California volun
teers from the Philippines has been delayed
by the typhoons that now prevail there, it is
but a short time when the transports will start on
the voyage home. It is therefore timely to begin
preparations on an extensive scale for their welcome.
There was a great public demonstration of pride
in their patriotic valor when they set forth from the
city to engage in the war. At that time the excite
ment of the contest against Spain was upon the people
and every loyal heart was full of ardor and enthusi
asm. The volunteers represented the patriotism of
the State, and accordingly their farewell was given
amid the roar of guns, the sound of martial music
and the shouts and acclamations of applauding thou
; sands.
They will return to us to find the public mind re
stored to its normal condition, the thoughts of the
people once more intent mainly upon business and
politics, but they must not find any sign of lessened
esteem for their valor and their service. The hearts
of the people have lost none of the ardor that was
felt for them when they sailed away, and that fact
must be made clear by the cordiality, the stately cere
mony and the outburst of popular enthusiasm when
they return.
For an occasion of the kind nothing must be left
to chance. The State, the city and the various organ
izations, civic and military, among the people should
unite in preparing a grand welcome. There was a
holiday when they left us to fight for the flag, and
there should be two or three holidays when they re
turn with their standards crowned with the garlands
of victory. Let all those having authority in such mat
ters set about making preparations for the reception
at once. There is no danger of overdoing it. We
cannot do too much to show forth the love and the
honor due to our heroes.
The Crokcr cohorts in New York are at a loss to
identify A. M. Peck of Cohoes,'who has bought the
Muckross estate on which -»re situated the Lakes of
Killarney. They are of the opinion, however, that
he is a backwoods hyena to sneak up and steal as he
did the spoil from the Tammany tiger.
A cablegram from St. Petersburg is to the effect
that the Czar admires American dash. Nihilists in
New York, in an effort to please him, may be ex
pected to use lots of it, particularly in this fashion:
"To h with the Czar!"
Under the new treaty with Japan, which has just
gone into effect, Americans will be allowed the privi
lege, with the natives, of paying taxes. Many San
Franciscans will undoubtedly avail themselves of this
opportunity.
There will be no war between England and the
United States over the Alaska boundary dispute. The
I British bull lowered his horns the moment he heard
j that Uncle Sam had ordered the arming of four mo**e
j yachts.
The clergy throughout the land are busy these days
delivering their opinions as to the present where
abouts of Bob Ingersoll. And that will do him a lot
of good!
Projectors of half a do'en new lines of railroad
into the Arctic regions are more than likely to de
velop cases of cold feet.
No particular credit need be given to General Otis
because Aguinaldo has sought cover. The rainy sea
son has begun
NEW METHOD TO REACH NON-CHURCH-GOERS,
Priests, Choir, Cornetists and Cross-Bearer March
Through the Streets Gathering Up Sinners.
IN the mellow glow of the early evening yesterday the West
End witnessed an unusual religious procession says the
Host,,,, Globe It is probable it was the first of the nd
ever Sen in this city, it attracted a great deal of attention
as it passed along the streets, for seldom are surpliced
choirs seen outside of a church.
A vested choir of sixteen voices, two cornetists and two
Driest- with a crossbearer, from the mission church of St. John
the Evangelist, Bowdoin street, appeared on the streets at the
West End. This is an effort at mission work, anu it is to be
continued Sunday evenings. ~ :.- .
The little procession, headed by the crossbearer, followed by
the chorus cornetists and Fathers Converse and Couran. moved
out of the mission house on How, loin street, through Stanford
to Merrimac square, singing a mission hymn. A short pause was
made, and Father Converse addressed the large crowd that had
Proceeding, they passed through Lyman, Leverett, Green,
Chambers, Cambridge and Bowdoin streets back to the church.
A number of steps were made on the way. Addresses wer-3 de
livered and hymns sung.
From the steps of the church Father Conran made a short
address and invited the throng of people on the outside to come
K." the church. Many accepted the invitation.
" This Is one of the customs of the early church in England.
Recently it has again been brought out in that country. Since
Us introduction in Africa and India by the Cowley fathers, of
PRESS COMMENTS
«- <S> <S> <S> <S> <«• <s- •?> <S> ®lf *$" ® f
Dewey Said —
Sacramento Bee.
According to a dispatch in the Exam
iner, sent to that paper from Trieste by
Miss Nellie de Martini, Admiral Dewey
stated that he wished to see General
Lawton at the head of the American
troops in the Philippines. .
' That is repeated here merely for the
purpose of venturing the opinion that
Dewey never said anything of the kind.
Dewey Is a keen and shrewd diplomat.
He has seen too many good men lose the
public confidence through a surplus or
talk. And he will not put his foot in it
by way of his mouth.
Biggest Fake of the Century.
Reno Gazette.
The San Francisco Examiner, Instead of
being the "Monarch of the Dailies," is
the biggest fake of the nineteenth cen
tury. That yellow sheet's attempt to show
that the Oregon boys were destitute of
clothing when they arrived from Manila
is but another evidence of that fake jour
nal's methods. The ten-cent Dewey lov
ing cup fund is another example of tne
"Monarch's" enterprise. It is enough to
make one sick at the stomach to see
what the Examiner will resort to to bring
itself before the public.
Cause of the Examiner's Howl.
Santa Clara Journal.
Now comes' the Examiner and with a
lot of drivel attempts to belittle the cam
paign of General Otis. It will be found
later that the general has probably sat.
down on the fresh men of the Examiner
In Manila as General Shafter did at San
tiago. Hence this second howl.
— ♦ — -
The Journal Competitor.
San Jose Mercury.
At last the yellow New York Journal
Is to have a genuine competitor. The
convicts at Sing Sing have started a
paper of their own.
VIEWS OF COAST EDITORS
on the
Great Automobile Race.
Testing the Automobile Carriage.
"While the taking of a trip in an auto
mobile conveyance across the continent
may have some elements of sport in the
venture it is only by such tests that the
thorough utility of the invention can be
demonstrated. Possibly other ideas may
be Involved in the journey, but it will
not lie finished without demonstrating
both the strength and the weakness of the
horseless carriage as a practical machine.
Much as people may decry racing, and
little can be said in its favor, it was not
until the bicycle was put on the track that
it became the strong, light and useful ap
pliance that it now is. It will not be until
the horseless carriage has demonstrated
its practicability in transcon -mental expe
ditions and upon the speeding course that
It will win its way to some more import
ant position than that of a plaything for
the wealthy. , ,
That this experiment is being regarded
as something of importance is attested by
the fact that crowds of people meet to
see the wagon pass and are profuse in
their wishes for the success or the, ven
ture. The accomplishment of the journey
from New York to San Francisco with the
new style of carriage will establish its
character and reputation. while a failure
will result in nothing more serious than
a heavy demand upon the inventive genius
of the American people to supply remedies
for whatever defects may become appar
ent as a result of the trial.— Chicago
News.
Era of Long-Distance Riding.
Now that an automobile has left New
York for San Francisco the era of long
distance riding in self-propelling vehicles
may be said to have begun in the United
States. The longest distance heretofore
attempted has been 720 miles, between
Cleveland and New York, but in Europe
trips of several thousand miles have been
made. The journey to San Francisco will
be 3700 miles in extent and require many
weeks, the progress of the machine in the
Rocky Mountain region and across the
muddy prairies being prospectively slow
and difficult. It is now just fifty years
since the exodus to California in conse
quence of the discovery of gold there, and
the departure of a gasoline machine car
rying two passengers for the Pacific coast
is in itself a notable observance of the fif
tieth anniversary of the toilsome expedi
tions of the '49ers. What will be the means
of transportation to San Francisco fifty
years hence? Is it too imaginative a view
to take that in 1949 the trip can be made
In a flying machine?— Providence (Conn.)
Journal.
* * *
Longest Run on Record.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Davis left New
York Monday. July 3, in a motor carriage
bound for San Francisco. It will be tlie
longest automobile run on record, and,
besides requiring endurance, skill and
nerve, it will be the test of an American
made self-propelling vehicle over the
worst of American roads.— Standard.
This is an enterprise or rather a big
' advertisement for the New York Her
ald and San Francisco Call. Davis and
his wife started from the Herald office
- and will brine- uo at the Call office In San
which the fathers of the mission church in this city are -
branch, it has been most successful.
Father Couran, who has recently come from Africa, men
tioned it to Father Converse, who became interested in it. as he
thinks it will have a tendency to draw non-church-going people
to church. He secured from the church authorities a general
license for this work, which is to be carried on in this city
every Sunday night from 6:30 to 7:30.
The initial step taken yesterday was most successful.
Francisco when the trip is at an end. i
Areata Union.
Automobile Prevaricators.
It is to be hoped that the owners of
automobiles will not deem it an essential
part of the business of running those
things to stand around the market place
and discuss models, gears, saddles, tires,
rims, sprockets, frames, handlebars and
blow about the big figures on their cy
clometers. If the automobile develops as
many liars as the bicycle habit has
brought out then, Indeed, will our condi
tion be hopeless.— Tulare Register.
* * >. '' *- -
Automobiles in Marysville.
According to a well-known exchange,
! one of the leading hotels of Marysville
i has sent East for a compressed air au
tomobile which will be used as an omni
bus to carry guests to and from tne
trains. That will mean two more horses
out of a job.— Santa Rosa Press-Demo
crat. v
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. C. W. Nutting of Etna is a guest at
the Occidental.
B. F. Lute, a mining man of Reno, is a
guest at the Grand.
W. U. Taylor, deputy State Controller,
is registered at the Grand.
S. N. Griffith, a prominent attorney of
Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. T. M. Todd of Auburn has come
down to the city and is # at the Lick.
J. S. Mcßride, a wealthy mine owner of
San Juan, is a late arrival at the Lick.
Charles Erickson, the San Luis Obispo
contractor, arrived at the Lick yesterday
Captain J. E. Conrad, commander of the
transport Morgan City, is a guest at the
Grand.
Lawson W. Fuller, U. S. A., was one of
yesterday's army arrivals at the Occi
dental.
William Kirchoff of the Electric Light
Company of Los Angeles is a guest at the
Palace.
Bernard Stohl. a wealthy cigar manu
facturer of New York, Is registered at the
Palace.
Ex-Judge S. F. Gill of Salinas came up
to the city yesterday and registered at
the Occidental.
Senator Robert N. Bulla has come up
to the city from Los Angeles and is stay
ing at the Grand.
Attorney William D. Creighton of Fres
no is registered at the Grand en route to
Eureka, Humboldt County.
B. F. Shepard, one of the foremost and
best known citizens of Fresno, is among
the late arrivals at the Grand.
J. A. Chanslor, an oil man and capital
ist of Eos Angeles, is one of those who
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Joseph D. Biddle, the Hanford banker,
is one of those who arrived in the city
yesterday and registered at the Grand.
T. B. Walker, a lumber man and capi
talist of Indianapolis, is at the Occidental
with his son. Both gentlemen are in the
city on a pleasure trip to the coast.
Major General John H. Dickinson, N. G.
C, and Major Schmitt of the division
staff returned to the city yesterday from
a short visit to the interior of the State.
W. H. de Arcy, claims agent for the
Canadian Pacific at Winnipeg, and L. K.
Johnson,- master mechanic of the Cana
dian Pacific steamers at Vancouver, are
both registered at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. D. S. Walters. U. S. -_
are registered at the California from Van
couver Barracks. Dr. Walters is under
orders to join one of the new regiments
now organizing for service in the Philip
pines.
Edward Dickinson, general manager of
the Union Pacific at Omaha, returned to
his home last evening. He has been in
the city purely on pleasure and private
business matters. While in the State he
visited Castle Crag and other points of
interest.
Captain Andrew S. Rowan, commanding
Company I, Nineteenth United States
Infantry, arrived in the city yesterday en
route for Manila. He is the gallant gentle
man who so distinguished himself during
the Spanish trouble by carrying the . d
ministration's message to General Garcia
in the interior. This feat was attendeu
with such danger that its accomplishment
is regarded as one of the most heroic
feats of the entire war.
« ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July William A.
Waldo of San Francisco is at the Welling
ton; F. G. Kellogg of Oakland is at the
Riggs House. ; r
■ -» »
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 24.— D. Doye of San
Francisco is at the Sinclair; Henry Brew
ster of Los Angeles and Miss Gertrude W.
Haines of Oakland are at the Bartholdi;
A. Oakenheimer of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman; Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Kohl and O.
A. Tick ok of San Francisco are at the
Holland.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO NEGROS ISLAND— A. S., City. The
distance by sea from Manila to Negros
Island, in the Philippines, is 350 miles, ami
a transport makes the distance in about
a day and a half.
NOT INDEXED— A. S., City. As the
several articles asked for have not been
indexed in The Call the only way to as
certain the date of the publication is to
search the files.
ELSIE TYSON— F. R. F.. City. Miss
Elsie Tyson, who a short time since fell
heir to a very large estate, went from
her home in the interior to San Francis
co, and from there to Australia, where
she new is.
SEQUENCE— C. S.. Santa Barbara, Cal.
In the following play in cribbage there
are two runs: A plays four, B a tray, C
a deuce and C makes a run of three: A"
plays a six and B a five and he makes a
run of five, as there was no card to in
tervene to break the sequence order.' £:
COMMON CARRIERS— E. G. N., Ryde,
Cal. If a transportation company prom
ised to perform a certain act in the mat
ter of carrying freight failed to do so
and you were at a loss by reason of such
neglect, your remedy is to make a de
mand for damage sustained, and if there
is no response sue the company.
NAMES OF WEDDING ANNIVERSA
RIES—J. L., City. Wedding anniversaries
are known by the following names: First,
Iron; fifth, wooden; tenth, tin; fifteenth,
crystal; twentieth, china; twenty-fifth,
silver: thirtieth, cotton; thirty-fifth, linen;
fortieth, woolen; forty-fifth, silk; fiftieth,
gold, and seventy-fifth, diamond. These
and none others.
STARS ON FLAG AND COIN— 8.,
City. When the first United States flag
was designed the stars in the blue field
were five pointed, and as the flag was
adopted with the stars with that number
of points five points have been followed
ever since. In 1794 when designs for
United States coins were presented for
acceptance the stars thereon were six
pointed and six points have been pre
served ever since. This department has
not been able to find any given reason
why the flag has five-pointed and- the
coins six-pointed stars.
RETURN LETTERS— C. J., Bakers
field, Cal. The following from the United
States Postal Guide, which is based on
the postal laws, makes it appear that all
mail matter having upon it a request to
' return to writer if not called for or deliv
| ered must be returned, and not sent to
; the dead letter office: "See that every let-
I ter or package bears the full name and
postofflce address of the writer, to secure
the return of the letter if the person to
! whom it is directed cannot be found. A
I much larger portion of the undelivered
letters could be returned if the names and
addresses of senders were always fully
! and plainly written or printed inside or on
the envelopes. Persons who have large
correspondence find it most convenient to
use special request envelopes, but those
who only mail an occasional letter can
' avoid much trouble by writing a request
I to 'return if not delivered,' etc., on the
I envelope."
THE CENSUS OF 1900— Several corre
spondents, city and elsewhere. The tak
ing of the census of 1900 will commence on
the Ist of June. The enumerators will
commence their woik on that day. but a
I certain amount of preliminary work. in
structions, etc.. will precede that date.
! Enumerators are paid by the piece, 2
cents per name, and at scheduled rates for
! other items— deaths, factories, farms, etc.
A bright, active man ought to be able to
( earn from $5 to $6 a day. The work will
j last two weeks in cities and four in the
; country. There are six census districts in
I California. One district embraces San
Francisco, Alameda and Contra Costa
counties; another, the balance of - Con
gressman Loud's district, with San Benito
County and the counties north of Santa
Barbara and west of the Coast Range
! Mountains. Congressman Waters' dis
trict is another, less the territory named.
| The balance of Congressman Metealf's
district goes in with the Santa Rosa Con
gressional district, and the other two cor
respond pretty closely with the Congres
sional districts north and east central.
Enumerators are nominated by the Cen
sus Supervisors. Some test of fitnest will
be required, and there will be some exam
inations as to qualifications. Examina
tions for positions in the Census Office,
Washington, D. C, will be held in San
Francisco and some other cities in Sep
tember or October next, but neither the
! places nor the time have been definitely
i fixed.
■ m ■
Cal.glace fruit SOc ncr lb at Townsend's.'
■ • ■
Special information supplied daily to
! business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
~- . " " V
Sudden Death of a Pauper.
Benjamin Metzger, an aged inmate o:
the Almshouse, died suddenly at 4:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon on the side
walk on Sacramento street near Kearny
He had been out en a two days' leave
of absence and was seized with an apo
plectic fit. The body was removed to the
Morgue and an inquest will be held.
■ ♦ » __
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
j gestive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
I hv Dr. J. G. B. Slea-ert & Son*.THE DIVA'S GOING TO
MARRY THE BARYTONE
■I ff ADEMOISELLE REPETTO,
Signer Ferrari and Manager
Signer Ferrari and Manager
\/ 1 Lambardl have patched up
V I their differences. The diva and
■"■- * - 1 - the barytone have rejoined
Lambardi's forces. Bergami,
the "insulting" stage manager, has
been ordered not to come near the
theater on the night the Repetto
sings, and. to cap all the interesting
and romantic features of this cele
brated little band of artists. Repetto
and Ferrari have announced that they
ar? about v> join hearts and hands.
Mademoiselle Repetto did net return
willingly to the operatic company she
eft so suddenly about a week ago.
The diva claimed that Bergami; the
stage manager, had crossly insulted
her. using language which reflected
vipon her moral standing, and that un
der ne~t circumstances would she rejoin
Lambardi's forces. The management,
however, called in the law as inter
preted by Attorney Demartini. who
clearly showed the fair song bird that
until August 6; the day "n which her
contract expired, she could not leave
the State, and that artistically she
was Lambardi's property. Then
Tenor Petrovich came forth in the
name of the management and proceed
ed to offer terms of peace. It was
finally decided that Repetto should re
join the company, and that on the
nights she sang Lulgi Bergami was
not to come near the theater.
On Monday the diva rejoined the
Lambardis at Los Angeles. Ferrari,
who is a man of honor, resigned be
OREGONIANS GIVE
A FAREWELL PARADE
MAKE AN EFFECTIVE SHOWING
AT THE PRESIUIO.
Indiana Booked to Sail on the 29th
Inst. — Progress of Recruiting
Somewhat Slow.
For the last time the Oregon regiment
paraded under arms yesterday evening.
The occasion was a dress parade and re
view tendered to Mayor Phelan in grati
tude for the hospitality extended to the
volunteers on their way home. The full
strength of the regiment was on the pa- '
rade ground, and the ceremony went
through accurately and smoothly. The j
regiment was inspected by the Mayor and
his secretary. Colonel Sullivan, who were
escorted up and down the lines by Gen
eral Summers and his adjutant, Lieuten- ,
ant Crowne.
To-day the regiment will give up its
arms. and on August 7 it will be mustered
out; If posible it will start for Oregon
on the morning of the Bth and will pro
ceed direct to Portland, where the people
will be waiting to welcome it befitting the
homecoming.
The work of recruiting the Thirty-fifth
Infantry is not progressing so rapidly as
was expected. For some reason the re
cruits are not numerous, and there seems
to be a lack of interest and enthusiasm.
Colonel Plummer believes, however, that
after the volunteers have been discharged
many of them will come back into the ser
vice, but in any case he expects to have
the regiment ready within two months.
It is due to arrive in Manila early In
October, and although enlistments " are
slow It will be ready on time unless the
unforeseen happens. The Thirty-fifth is
the regiment which has been ordered to
be recruited from the Pacitic States,
Adjutant Genera] Barry of Nebraska
and Congressman Stark of Nebraska j
called on General Shafter yesterday to
talk over the arrange for the "wel- !
coming of the Nebraska volunteers, who
will arrive here within a few days. It
was hoped the Nebraskar.s would be
taken right through to Nebraska to be
mustered out, but it appears the same >
course as ; was taken with the Oregon |
troops will be taken with them. General
Barry will therefore assist in anything to!
be done here, and there will be another I
welcome provided for the volunteers when
they reach home.
Captain Hubert Rebeur, military and
naval attache to the French legation at [
Washington, and Aziz Bey, military at
tache to the Turkish legation, called on
Genera] Shafter yesterday morning to pay |
their respects. They were both with the l
army during the Cuban campaign.
• The transport Italian has been booked
to sail on the 20tn Inst. She will carry j
800 recruits and the following officers:
Captain J. J. Crittenden' Twenty-second
Infantry; Lieutenant H. Kinnison. Twen
ty-flfth Infantry; Second Lieutenant E. G.
Ball. Twenty-first Infantry; Lieutenant E. ;
E. Haskell. Twenty-first Infantry: Second
Lieutenant L. J. McCormick, Twelfth In- I
fantry, Second Lieutenant G. W. Wallace.!
Ninth Infantry; Second Lieutenant <'. S. •
Tifflany. Twelfth Infantry: Second Lieu- I
tenant H. 11. Woodruff, Thirteenth In
fantry. Lieutenant E. W. Robinson, !
Twenty-third Infantry, was ordered to
leave on the transport Ohio, but these or- j
ders have been revoked, and in his place j
Second Lieutenant F. R. Lang, Ninth In
fantry, will be sent. Robinson has been
recommended to a promotion as captain of
volunteers; and pending the action of the
President he will remain in this country.
Lieutenant Colonel Plummer having
completed the duties for which he was i
ordered down here from Vancouver Bar- j
racks, has be. order. to return to his
station. lie came to this city to examine j
officers for appointment to his regiment, j
the Thirty-fifth.
Pursuant to Instructions from the War I
Department, the following named nurses j
of the Rfc! Cross Society for the Main- j
tenar.ee of Trained Nurses (Auxiliary No. l
-i will proceed on the transport Newport
to the Philippine Islands, ""ting upon
arrival at Manila to Miss Henshall, who
is at the head of a detachment of nurses
from the society at that place: Misses j
Duensing. Barbara Ziegler. Mar;.' M. Sum
mey. Helen Fraser. Katharine Yeakel,
Amy Pope, Carlotta Marshall. Lydia E. ;
Coa'kley and Mary Murray. During the
voyage the nurses wii perform such ser- !
vice In care of the sick as may be re- ■
quired.
WELCOME THE FIRST
The Executive Committee of the Na
tive Sons' and Daughters' Com
mittee Actively at Work.
Last evening the joint committee of the
Native Sons and Daughters which has
charge of the reception of the returning
First California Volunteers held a meet
ing ln Balboa Hall. Native Sons' build
ing. President Mills in the chair..
The committee of arrangements reported
f ■ JHE transport Morgan City arrived
1 from the Philippines yesterday with
tllK transport officers City arrived
from the Philippines yesterday with
492 invalided officers and soldiers
X from General Otis' army. She left
Manila with 495 men all told, but
Tree died during the voyage and two lost
their reason. Their names are:
rrivate Murray McCaslin, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry: died July IS of phthisis.
Sergeant Jay L. Rundell. First South
Dakota; died July 19 of dysentery.
Private Silvester B. Bobbs. Company E,
Tenth Pennsylvania; died July 22 of dys
ptery.
Insane— Peter Alkemade, Eighteenth In- i
antry; James Egbert, Twenty-second In-;
antry. i
Alkemade is a raving maniac and has j
to be kepi in a straight-jacket. Egbert
is a son of Genera! Egbert, who was slain j
in batFc. and his mind has become unbal- j
need through brooding over his father's j
death. He is quite tractable, his madness j
taking the form of extreme melancholy.
The soldiers who died were not buried |
at sea. The remains were placed in her- ]
metic.-, sealed caskets and brought on
to San Francisco. Dr. Cardwcll. who was
in charge cf the sick. says that all the
men began to improve as soon as the j
Philippines were left behind, but many
of them will have to remain in the hos
. pital until they have fudy recovered.
The army officers who came up on thee
c [organ City were: Captain T. W. Moore,
: Twenty-first Infantry, quartermaster in
j charge of the ship: Major H. W. Card- !
! weil. chief surgeon. United States Voiun-
I teers; Dr. J. M. Williams, acting assistant
surgeon t'nited States army; Captain,
Andrew' -arisen. First Montana: Second
i Lieutenant D. Baldwin Jr.. First North
• Dakota; and Second Lieutenant H. A.
I Pratt. First South Dakota.
One of the passengers who came up on ■
; he Morgan City 'ices not appear among
I the list of sick, and yet he can hardly
i -a'k. he is 60 emaciated from bowel |
i troubles. His name is Louis Harmon and i
ihe was ... stowaway on the transport j
i Sheridan when she left New York. He j
1 is only IS years of age and has had all j
• of the Philippines and war that he wants.
i Louis' brother is Sergeant Frank Harmon
I of the Twelfth Infantry, and on February
\ 19 last, when hp saw his brother's regi
i ment going aboard the transport he fol
; lowed ar.d stowed himself away. When
i discovered h:- was put to washing dishes
in the pantry and thus worked his way to
Manila. ii- followed his brother to the
front as far as San Pedro Macati and
then he was taken sick and sent to the
: First Reserve hospital. At the hospital
that it had considered favorably the prop- the lad did not Improve and his brother
csition of the executive committee to in- wrote advising him to get back to the
vite all local associations, and that mvi- ' Fnited States as quickly as possible.
tations will be extended to every mili- ! Louis appealed to Captain Lombard of
tary. civic md fraternal association to i the Morgan City, and the kind-hearted
join in the big parade. The report was ! master at once gave him a passage. When
aelopte<i, and A. L. Morgenstern; J. M. j the steamer docked yesterday Harmon
Carroll. L. B. Mayer Mary E. Tillman. I was in a quandary what to do. He got
Mrs. V. R. Burry and Mrs. Charles F. j ashore and started to wander off the dock.
Kapp were named the committee on mvi- but was stopped by Wharfinger Deas^y
tations. and Collector Campbell who took him into
L. F. Byington and Mrs. Mary E. Till- I their office and kept him there while they
■-'-■■-■■.-'■■
cause he would not stand by and se-j
a lady insulted, and naturally fol
lowed the lady he so nobly protected.
Previous to leaving town the sing
ers made known to their friends here
the fact of their engagement, and
that as soon as their contract ex
pired they would leave for Milan,
where the nuptials of the diva and
the barytone will be celebrated.
The betrothal of this talented cou
ple is a romantic climax of a series
of troubles and artistic triumphs. Fer
rari and Repetto met for the first
time in Mexico, where they had come
to join Lambardis troupe Sucees*
f.rst awakened a mutual admiration,!
which mellowed into friendship and
finally to love, when trouble first cast
its shadows ovei the song birds.
Bergaml's insult was the culminat
ing point, and the day Ferrari de
clared his honor as an artist aud a
gentleman would not let him stand
tamely by and see a lady ■-..--. the
diva gave ear to his suit and prom
ised him her hand.
Transport Morgan Cit/ With Sick Soldiers From Man la.
man were appointed a committee to wait c
■re other organizations that are to honor ;
the returning volunteers and arrange
dates, In order that there shall be no 1
clash. '
It has been decided that there shall be
a day parade th. day after the arrival of
the volunteers, and there will be a ban
quet at a time not yet fixed in the large
hall In the eastern half of the ferry build
ing. There will then be a march to the
Pavilion, where the medals and certifi
cates will be distributed.
It was determined that the colors shall
be red. white, blue and gold, and to ask
al! who will decorate to us these colors.
The offer of General "Warfield to allow
the executive committee to use the as
sembly room of the .California Hotel as
headquarters was accepted, and it will be
occupied as such from to-day on. Henry
I. Fisher will be in charge of the place.
The committee then adjourned to meet
at the call of the chair.
VALLEY'S NEW GUARDIAN.
Yosemite Commissioners Appoint
Stevens of Fresno.
At a meeting of the Yosemite Valley
Commissioners yesterday John F. Stevens
of Fresno was appointed the guardian of
the valley, to succeed Miles Warren. Mr.
Stevens, who is an experienced mountain
eer, will take office on September 5. There
were nine other candidates for the posi
tion, but on his receiving a majority of the
votes Stevens' appointment was made
unanimous. He will hold during the pleas
ure of the Commissioners. Considerable
routine business was also disposed of.
Those present were: W. W. Foote. W.
11. Metsont J. C. Klrkpatrlck. C. S. Glv
ens. Charles G. Clinch, W. G. Kerckhoff.
William G. Henshaw and Secretary J. J.
Lermen.
Fell Against a Buzzsaw.
M. Ercoli, a crate- manufacturer, was
brought in to the Harbor Hospital last
night with a very serious cut across his
right hand. He was working In his shop.
61$ Davis street, when he stumbled and
his right hand struck a buzz saw that was
in action. The physicians of the hospital
think they can save the hand.
G. G. Kindergarten Free Training School, the
free normal training school of the Golden
Gate Kindergarten Association, will open July
31. Applications for admission may be made
this week at the rooms of the association. 221
Ninth street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
INVALID HEROES ARE
HOME FROM THE WAR
Hospital Ship Morgan City Is in
From Manila,
Three Died on the Feme-Corn Trip After Battling
for Life in the Swamps of the
Philippines.
hunted up a place for him to stop in
until he heard from his relatives in Bos
ton.
The soldiers who came back on the
MOrgan City were from the companies
as Indicated:
FOURTH CAVALRY — Privates— Hugh AY.
White, Company I; Charles McConnell, G;
Theodore Elklns. I: Frank Shong, K.
THIRD ARTILLERY- Corporal Rufus B.
Blume. Company K. Privates — Charles Lewis,
L: Herman E. Warner. L.
FOURTH ARTILLERY— Private Alfred Fry.
.'ompanv F.
THIRD INFANTRY— .Sergeant Hans Nlsja,
Company E. Privates— Ire,- D. Woodard, B;
Arthur \V. Shultz. B; Fred <*. Winder. X:
c'asinir Ozinski. I: Benjamin E. Ledgerwood,
H: l-.-r Rosengren, K. Theodore Dickinson, E;
William ("'. Schenck. M.
FOURTH INFANTRY-Corporal Richard H.
Grapert. Company H. Privates— James O'Nell,
G; Clyde A*.* Welsh. C; Howard McCoon, G;
William Mayvllle. I): George D. Valentine, F.
NINTH INFANTRY— Private John Ander
son. Company K.
TWELFTH INFANTRY— Privates .larob B.
de Hart. Company D; Richard Glblvd, D;
(■-..re- Martin, I; Thomas F. Murphy, 1. Car
roll Smith. A.
FOCRTEENTH INFANTRY— Sergeant Row
land Plumb. Company A. Privates— Benjamin
A. Harbour. i. Frederick Spener, E; Charles
Boutilller, M: Floyd F. Phillips. G; Bernard
C. Hensel. F; Alfred R. Poett. I.
SEVENTEENTH INFANTRY — Sergeant
George A Somerville, Company L. Privates
Otis Welch. A; Thomas Lisesne, A; Fred A. C.
Lange. M.
SEVENTEENTH L'MTED STATES IN
FANTRY—Private Wlnfleid S. Winters. Com
pany H.
EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY— CorporaI Percy
A. Moreton-Dyer. Company B; Corporal Joseph
B. Mahew. X: Corporal George Campbell. H;
Corporal Edward E. Smartwood. <'; Serjeant
William Wler. M. Privates— William W. Mark
wood. X; Fred Smith, A; John W. Bryant, L;
Peter- 1.. Alkemade. K.
TWENTIETH INFANTRY— Fred
Greader, Company F. Privates John Llndsev.
A: Mike Kelley, C; Alfred E. Dixon. F;
Daniel Gieb. band: Frank Thelan. B: Charles
Simon, B: Oscar C. Kinney. C; Jack C. Sea
wright. C.
TWENTY-FIRST INFANTRY-Private John
D. Puterbaugh. Company B.
TWENTY-SECOND INFANTRY — Corporal
William M Reinhard, Company M: Corporal
James Comerford. If; Sergeant Benedict Lan
dau. -C. Privates— Louis B. Davidson, B:
Lltcher M. Lacy. I-; Murray McCaslln. X died
July 1«. 1899); Claremont Donaldson, C; Nelson
Arvldson, D; Raleigh White, E; Henry B.
Cdelr" L; John D. Gheavim. L; Edward J.
Brown. I; Wtllett Harman, D; Hugh A.
Devlin. I: Joel F. Gregong, E: James Y.
Egbert. D; John- Blazek. I.
TWENTY-THIRD INFANTRY — Privates
Richard Stoecker, Company F; Joseph Cheese
man, D. '.•*.■."' !■; v-vv-;e .
HOSPITAL CORPS, U. S. A. — Privates
Daniel A. McMUHan. Fred \V. Reed.
FIRST COLORADO VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY- Charles M. Qrtnom, Com
pany D; Corporal John T. Lunney. B. Sergeant
George M La shell, B. Privates— William M.
Pad-n X: Edward J. Gilbert, E: Thomas J.
Hammer _; Eugene Arnett. H: William J.
Currier X; Joseph P. Kearns, M: Martin J.
Hell I; William G. Pancost. H.
FIRST MONTANA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY — Captain Andrew Jensen, Company
E Sergeant William H. Tolbert. A: Sergeant
Albert RJ Peterson. H: Sergeant William A.
.-hauler I: Musician Henry Rede. K. Privates
—Daniel P. Boyle, M. Milton Valentine, B;
Lenford E. Seeley, L; Clarence Barrows, I;
Joseph Sicard. D; Frank Landreman, M; Jo
seph S. Robins •': Henry B. Hlnton, F;
William McCartney, F: Edward F. Barrett, H;
Martin D. Keough. C; Louis Pallat, H; James
Tierney. B; George Berry. H.
FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY Sergeant Charles G. Bartlett. Com
pany C Privates— Louis H. Barieau, G; Arthur
H. Letson. F: Frank P. Wagner I
CALIFORNIA HEAVY ARTILLERY -
Private Thomas J. Ward. Company A.
FIRST IDAHO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY -
Corporal Isaac C. Richardson, Company H;
Artificer Peter Gearhart. A Musician William
j. Buckley. F: Corporal Walter I. Kennedy.
H: Sergeant Thomas Proctor, F: Artisan
Theodore W. Nelson. D; Sergeant Bmil -taut-,
D Privates— Howar S. Ban-lay, E; Joseph
C May. E; Frederick W. Soule. B: John
Lucey Bi William B. Strong, B; Christian
Jensen G: Darius P. Gray. B; Harvey C. Bur
son X- Frank Benefleld, F: James C. Hanson,
H:'l-:d. F. Harper. C; Hew W. Bothwell. H.
(-..-.. Babcock, F. Samuel D. Oilman. A.
David Bejorn, C: Peter Larsen, <*: Frederick
B. McKee, B.
FIRST NEBRASKA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—CorporaI Frank Fouke, Company
X Cornoral < harles T. Knapp. D; Artifice!
John D. Keener. F. Privates— Henry M. Heck
man G Eugene D. Shaw, A: Frank C Tuney,
A; Louis Brown, F. John 7.. de Turk I. ah
B Land,- E. John .1 Bloom, D; Walter L.
Smedley, E. Henry Bliss. E: William H. La
Rue k Herman W. Bensel. I.
TENTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEER
INFANTRY Musician James E. Stevenson.
Company E: Sergeant Charles F. Farst, E;
Corporal Clark S. Anderson. B. Privates
Svh-ester B. Bobbs. E (died July H)" Cornelius
Bticklev E. John F. Kenney. E: Thomas O.
lift-. »H; Thomas D. Harm. E. Mathew R.
Sun-hell.. H: Charles E. Man- I!
FIRST WYOMING VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY Privates John F. Wyatt, Company
F- Leslie S. Bookhart, '!. John J. Marsh, F:
Da H Ward. C: Sylvester B. Trowbridge, G;
John Hangartner. H; Louis R. Schmidt. G;
\\ illiam E. Williams. C.
WYOMING LIGHT ARTILLERY— Private
Robert R. Graham. Company A.
I'TAH LIGHT ARTILLERY — Corporal
Pari-.?- .1 Hall. Company B. Privates— Louis
J. Pennington, B; Peter J. Benson, A: Don R.
B.
FIRST NORTH DAKOTA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—CorporaI Mathlas Thompson. Com
pany B: Corporal Piatt Dunn, A Second Lieu
tenant Dorman J. Baldwin. H. Corporal James
Hanson. H: Sergeant Ostward D. Foley. C;
Musician Harry W. Klinefelter, K. Privates
Ole G Landstad, G; David F. Reauchamp. D;
Anton Nelson, I: John C. Diamond. I. Charles
E Brown. D; Henry J. Ready. I: Harry C.
Smith A. Maurice O. Roosa, D; Albinos Mc-
Donald G. William Fitzgerald. X; Nathan
Myers C; Herbert L Files, I; Henry M Van
nler, D: Albert E. McKay, G; John H. Thomp
son, C.
FIFTY-FIRST IOWA VOLUNTEER IN
FANTRY—CorporaI Delmer J. Marlch. Com
pany H: Sergeant Herbert A. Sessions, F.
Privates- Ole M. Olsen, M. Burt E. Barnes.
D; Clifford P. Stevenson. H: Fred Kemery, X;
Clarence B. Leech, L; Pliny i; Rltner E
Hen Davis. E; John E. Throw. M: Earnest C.
Bond. M; John B. Hallett. M; Max Ellsworth
.': Edwin D. Waldron. H: Blrney P. Baker.
H. Harvey W Weir. D; Thomas J. Parkiaon,
D; Edward L Walling. C.
FIRST TENNESSEE VOLUNTEER INFAN-
Corporal John *3. Williams, Company >.'. '
Privates— O. Win-low Johnson, E; Thomas A.
Crandal, E; Robert F. Vaughn, B; William !
Troop c;, Patrick H. Short, F.
THIRTEENTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEER
INFANTRY— Sergeant William li. Burlingham.
Company X; Sergeant Carl K. Reckner, G;
Corporal Jeske C. Furnell, E: Corporal Roland
A. Gray, L; Sergeant Joseph C. Strachan, B;
Corporal Ben F. Goldman. I; Sergeant William
D. Covington, B; Corporal Henry D. Carter, C; i
Sergeant James B. Chenowth, X; Corporal
Henry K. Harrison. L; Corporal Ferdinand
Falkenberg. G; Corporal James W. Spahr,
E; Corporal Hugh Waters. D. Pri
vates—Paulius G. Hul-.n. M. Claude H. Still,
C: Francis H. Cariveau. H ; Joseph F. Krltta,
C; Frank C. Smith. H; Albert E. Enckson.
H; William E. Harrington, D; Charles E.
Michaels, M. Peter Sorensen. L; Harry M. Gla- |
zier. L; George W. Evans. A; Charles E. Ban
ker, D: George J. Seymour. i-t. Samuel O. :
Abrams. B; Frank D Scott. B; Chester I.
Chamberlain. E; David H. Allen. F. Emii :
Carlson, B. Eugene A. Harvey, B: Richard M. i
Knight. F: Paul J. Bleber, C; Charles W. Ry- j
der. H; George S. Wooding. C; Fred W. Reich
art. O; Peter F. Roller. M; George E. Church I
Jr.. A: Charles F. Mullln. D: Andrew Mar
tenson. A; Lester P. Lorenson. E; John J. ;
Young, C; Ira S. Fowl?, V. Nicholas Remar- i
kei. D: William H. Miss, D; Jospe-h E. Dough
erty. A: Henry O. Ness. D: Harvey R. Smith. '.
T; "William J. Miller, G; Clifford J. Spooner.
M: Ralph M. Robison. C; William Watson, F;
Louis E. Brittson. C: Abel Nil-ton, H; William j
M. Winders. D; Albert R. Straub, D; William !
H. Dougherty. X; William E. Howard. H; I
James V. Allen C; Carroll C. Calkins, C; Nel- I
son Churchill, M; Adolph L. Bobet,' B; John J. j
McNeil, M; Emory W. Ross, B; George M. ,'
Duncan, G ' '■• .. '■*
TWENTIETH KANSAS VOLUNTEER IN- j
FANTRY— Corporal Albert C. Hanson. Com- !
pany X: Artificer Charles A. Kelson, B; Cor- I
poral Benjamin F Oliver, H; Corporal William
Rumhlev, I; Corporal Alex R. Hunt, G; Corpo
ral Peter Duffy. G: Corporal Clarence E. Sha
ron. A: Corporal Elvin Allison. X; Sergeant
Fred A. Recob. A; Corporal James C. Hammer- I
berg. G; Sergeant George C. Nichols. D; Ser
geant Joseph A. Robinson, D: Musician Robert
E. Pippin. H; Corporal John N. Weber, I; !
Artificer John Kennedy, C. Privates— Edward i
Crane. B: George H. wig. A; James S.
Mills, E: Lambert P. Steinmetz, L; Norman A. !
rtupe. E: Walter Hughes, D; Orvllle E. Par- I
ker, G; Fred L. Carter* E; Arthur C. Howe. !
c- William Murphy. D: Albion Nelson. C; ■
Thaddeus J. A. Wiegant. L; John A. Meek,
I; Lewis E. Coffleld, I; Edward T. Hemphill,
E; Elmer H. Aschcraft, E; Gus R. Hamilton.
E; Fred Atchinson, G; Frank E. Dorman. E:
A YOUTHFUL BURGLAR
WHO ROBS POOR BOXES
Out of the Sanctuary Into the Law's .Grasp.
FRED MILLER, a young Norwegian, who claims to be only nineteen
years old, was' caught by Policeman Floyd early yesterday morning
In an attempt to rob the poor boxes of Sacred Heart Church, at the
corner of Fell and Fillmore streets. Miller's partner in crime. Charles
Wilson succeeded in making his escape, but the police hope to locate
him before long. When searched at the City Prison a British bulldog re
volver two false mustaches and a burglar's chisel were found concealed on
Miller's person. In addition to being charged with burglary Miller will have to
answer a charge of carrying concealed weapons. The burglars effected an
entrance to the church by prying open the tower window on th* Fillmore
street side. Inside the window is a massive iron gate, and this barred their
progress and saved the poor boxes from being rifled.
After making several futile efforts to find a way into the vestibule of the
church the thieves gave up In disgust and climbed back to the open window.
Wilson got out first, and as he did so Policeman Floyd, who was standing
across the street, saw him and gave chase. Wilson had a good start, and
a-* Floyd saw Miller clambering out of the window he ran back in time to
catch him. The burglar attempted to make a dash for liberty, but Floyd
drew his revolver and soon brought him to a standstill.
About a month ago the poor boxes of Sacred Heart Church were robbed
and the police and clergy believe that Miller and his partner are responsible
for the theft. Miller appeared fore Judge Conlan yesterday morning and
waived his examination. His case was postponed until next Friday.
• ♦y-frW-^V*'-"-'*'' ■-**»•*»'*'- *■- —**-T—*T-WT-rT-.
Charles D Walt. B; Compton R. Hall. G; Al
bert Shaughnessy. E: Yale C. Whitakei D.
John B. Ellis G; Lou Rushton. I■. Marion
Smith; 'S. John N. GUlllan, B; Christopher S.
Clapp Jr.. I; Edward E. Harris. X; Arthur K.
SSSR. J H L$ L. Knox. I; Gu> W. Ludlng
ton, A: Leslie Q. Setzer. 1-. Henry K*«choff.
F Michael H. Garrlty. L; George >.Beckner
L; William Laudenschlager, C; Charles Hani
ilton E; William Wolf, L: William J. Hall.
M; Ri.-bar-l L. Lund-gulst. M; William P. **£
Gulre. K. Frank A. Smith, A. l.am- -tit \\.
Hubbell. M; William H. Schur. K. John H.
Haves. E: Charles E. Eggleston, K. Frank
Steward. A: Joseph Scott. I: Thomas J. David
son. H. Fred K. Arkell. L; Frank A. Hu
;FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA— Sergeant Thomas
J. Fenwlck. Company I: Sergeant Arthur W.
Swenson. B; Sergeant Ephralm O. Sloan, t».
Corp George T. Hipp. H: Wagoner Met
vin C Bowen, H: Musician Thomas B. ->haff
I: Sergeant Arthur A. Northrop. E; Corporal
William J. M -Samara. E. Corporal Joseph \\ .
Palmer. O; Artificer Charles T. Bartlett. H .
Corporal Ernest K. Painter, M: Sergeant I*^"1 *^"
S. Richmond. F. Corporal carl W. Anthony
B, Sergeant John W. Piatt, M; Sergeant
Ernest Madden, D; Sergeant Jay L. Run.lel.
(riled July 22). L: Sergeant Edgar B. Kicker,
E Sergeant Isaiah Cranston, X; Sergeant Ole
Gulbranson. E; Corporal Otto T. Craig. L: Ar
tificer Arne Haugse, X: Corporal Chris l-
Myhre, E: Corporal William A. \\ haley, H:
Quartermaster Sergeant Anton Jurlch Jr. L:
■Sergeant Frank E. Ha- kins. X Sergeant Oscar
w Course?, G: Corporal Daniel Ryan. F: Ma
sician David Elmea. M: Corporal Amos G.
Jones. D: Teamster Angus P. Roman. B; sec
ond Lieutenant 11. A. Pratt, M. Privates-
Walter C Brown. G: Roland A Spencer, C;
William Bickley. H. Clyde B. Palmer G: Otto
L Lew D; Nels Slmonson. X: John J. Nickel.
.- Ezra R. Fuller. .'. Jerry C. Furman, ''..
Jem O. Klrkpatrlck, H; Peter Nelson. K.
Charles Hammer, I: Harry O. Thompson. '»:
Isaac Harry. L; Otto W. Shade. v. Abraham
Cayce *: Henry Mauritzen. H: Marion Stew
art C- John A. Russell, G; Rolf Schumann. B;
Fred W. Barber. I: James Black, G: Horace A.
Chase A: Edward Burmer. C; James E. Mont
gomery H; Herman M. Bellman. B: Charles
P Wagner. I; Byron F. Hastings. I. Henry A.
Thompson. H: Charles M. Bray. A: Don G.
Ranous X: John. P. Richardson. L; Frank A.
Scherupp D: Nels P. Nelson, X: Henry C
Br*e« F- Earl D. M. Asolnwall, X James
Oibb.'B: Joseph Frost. I; Jay A. Parsons, G;
Robert W. Hawkins, B; Herbert A. Putnam,
I; John D. Christrange, D: Ephralm Babb. C:
Martin Elde. M: Charles H. Jackson. M: Clif
ton E. Malamphy. I: Alfred Pines, A; Charles
E Trusty. M; Louis F. Barber. C; John W.
Daley. F: William D. Ted,!. I: Joseph F. Tie
bel C: Leroy Berry. H; Hazen A. Martin. >';
Frank StiCh, H; Walter M. Jillis. G: Robert
Hall A- Clifton Dlckeraon, F; John Stanke,
E- George 8. B. Cook. G: Ray L. Washburn.
D- Frank C Fuller. X; Emanuel Hickman. D:
Fred B. Brunger. L: Amlll Wold. E: Anton
Welle-- IO: George F. Helmsdorfer, C; Clyde
Butcher G: Carl N. McConnell. G: Jerome B.
Morse. L; John F. Rogers. L; Will G. Stewart.
I: Fred C. Sorenzen. L: Robert J. Jerrow, D;
Albert A Johnson. A: David L. Smith. H;
Herman F. Kruper. X: Guy P. Squire, F:
Charles W. Morgan, H; John O. Johnson, E;
William Hamilton, L; Andrew Eida. I;
Michael F. McAdams. X: Doc Jenkins, H
C; John A. Hentz. H C: Clarence A. Van
Vrankin. E: Isaac Johnson. D: Leo Peashak. F.
"i few of the men were landed on Fre
mont-street wharf during the afternoon
but all who still required the doctor's care
were H( r. tl t to the Presidio on the quarter
master's steamers McDowell and Fearless.
Art Recognized by the Government.
The half-tone portrait of Colonel
Owen Summers which appeared in Sun
day's Call was from an excellent photo
graph taken by J. R. Hodson of 416 Geary
street Mr. Hodson has pained substantial
cwledemf nt of his artistic work from
the War Department, which has given
him the sole privilege of erecting a pho
tographic stand at the Presidio. His In
stantaneous pictures are widely recog
nized as in every way first-class.
Professor Hadley, who saw the Yale-
Princeton baseball game, was the first
president of Yale in years to attend
such a contest.
10 PAIN IN BACK?
*__ How* often you feel that dull, tired ache
*-~*tf&-fffc>a*£&2* in y° ur back and wonder what causes
_-- 4k<^^l^'ft-^^'^ ' Ij °°k out for it. There is never a
v , ! _ pain without a cause and the cause of
ti"'' '"-^^^^l'^K^V^^*--''^ **-**- P am is P om" to l a >' >' ou U P some
v.^^_£*^_lr jffi*~ -V^»_y l_i <,a -* for montns - If tells of a weak-
l^^S«^^,t» ness, and you should cure it. Your kid-
neys may be crying for needed help:
your spinal nerves may be exhausted
I^^V^-h^S^-iP'' anc * want strength; you may have io-
fHnw oft^n feel its dull, tired ache
in your back and wonder what causes
it. Lr.nk out for it. There is never a
pain without a cause and the cause of
this pain is going to lay you up some
day for months. It tells of a weak-
ness, and you should cure it. Your kid-
neys may be crying for needed help;
your spinal nerves may be exhausted
and want strength; you may have lo-
comotor ataxia in its first stage, or
.4_Wi^^^-._^,-t_\ lumbago, all of which are serious and
mi\Wi*i:" need to be cured to protect your health.
The Dr. McLaughlin
***i*-vi jfM w-i.'- 1
>%Bfi Electricity is the modern remedy.
\fv ff §M?-' I This is the life of the nerves and of all
' . Off A w*" X the organs depending upon them. It
will, when applied according to my im-
proved methods, cure the cause of these pains and lay the foundation
of perfect health. My Electric Body Belt pours vitalizing force into all
the nerves of the back, and no pain can exist where It goes.
LET ME SEND YOU MY NEW BOOKLET ABOUT IT: OR, IF
POSSIBLE, CALL AND TEST MY METHOD FREE. ADDRESS.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, _i\*t^k*T^^ ***'
Office Hours— a.m. to 8:20 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGJTORES.
EVIDENCE FAVORABLE
TO MINNIE ADAMS
DEFENSE SCORES A FEW MATE
RIAL POINTS.
Cross-Examination of a Witness Al
most Results in a Battle Between
Opposing Counsel and a
Continuance Results.
Yesterday's session of the trial of Mrs.
Minnie Adams, charged with the murder
of her infant son. John Richard Gray, al
most ended in a free for all fight shortly
after 4 o'clock. Some unusual actions on
the part of Assistant District Attorney
Salomon roused the anger of Attorney
Mack, who represents the accused, and
when Mack saw that his anger was get
ting the best of him he blandly asked the
court to adjourn. Judge Lawlor, under
standing the reason for the request, Im
mediately ordered an adjournment and
the prompt withdrawal of Salomon avert
ed a disturbance.
Officer Herlihy was undergoing cross
examination and was not enjoying the
grill in the least, when Salomon made
some remark and then smiled blandly at
the jury. Another smile at the jury from
Salomon resulted in Mack losing his tem
per.
"1 object to the prosecuting attorney
grinning at the jury in an effort to cast
a reflection on the efforts in behalf of
the defendant," said Mack. "It is un
called for and decidedly ungentlemanly."
Attorney Salomon arose and started on
a lengthy oration, all the while smiling
at opposing counsel. Mack saw that he
could stand it no longer, and asked for a
continuance. It was granted, and Salo
mon was deprived of the privilege of con
cluding his answer to the charge of un
gentlemanly conduct.
The little difficulty between counsel was
but the closing scene of an interesting
day. The defense succeeded in weaken
ing the case of the prosecution. Officer
J. P. Harrington was called by the de
fense and brought the records of the
O'Farrell street, station with him. The
record shows that Officer Herlihy, who
said that he saw Mrs. Adams leave the
drug store at the corner of Geary and
Devisadero streets ten minutes before 9
o'clock, tear off a label from a bottle and
throw it on the sidewalk, was at the sta
tion at 9:45 o'clock. He also remained
around there a few minutes and in con
sequence, if the records uo not lie. could
not have been at the corner mentioned
at the hour named. This was a hard
blow to the prosecution. Next Conductor
Herring of the Geary street car. on which
Gripman O. T. Cox said Mrs. Adams pro
ceeded to her home after leaving the drug
store, testified that he did not see any
woman get on the car as testified by Cox.
Cox said that the woman went inside the
car and he noticed her look around to
ward the drug store. Herring, who. if
that be true, must have been near her
all the time, collected her fare and
stopped the car for her to get off at Par
ker avenue, if she got off there as al
leged, remembered none of these things.
He remembered no woman nor any of the
Incidents set forth. When Herring left
the stand Herlihy was called, the trou
ble between counsel arose and the case
was continued until this morning.
"Long before I met you I had heard of
your family," said the count. "Yes," re
plied the beautiful girl, coldly. "I believe
papa Is nuoted in Bradstreet's."— Chicago
Evening Post.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JHCARTERS
SICK 'HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
K__ggD__ HALL'S REIN i VIGOR ATOX
JMi^iS-.- Fl\e hundred reward for any
_**** ™fl case we cannot cure. This secret
_ 38 remedy stops all losses In 24
_____ fc-«Jy hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
WfS P/TvTl tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
f____ \____\ Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
9f__ IMS Manhood and all wasting effects
_B_B-C_S_- of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
settled, $2 bottle; 3 bottle*. J": guarantied to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1013% Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
___ mm_. ■■■MM and Morphine Habits
F_ 111 Q B ■l <_ cured at heme. Write
iIMI B 9 M for full particulars
ilB 1I 3 IVI INDIAN OPIUM CURE,
WI I Will B. 0. SIMMIS. 201 Turk
St.. San Franc ace
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
ANOTHER CROWDED HOUSE— UNPRECE-
DENTED SUCCESS. _„_._
CONTINUED ENTHUSIASM— THE GREAT-
EST HIT YET.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER BRILLIANT COMPANY OF
PLAYERS.
In Sard -us Greatest Play.
MADAME SANS GENE
MR AUGUSTUS COOK in His Original '
Creation of "NAPOLEON
No Such Original, Beautiful and Perfect
Stage Effects Ever Seen in San
Francisco. . _
PLAY WILL RUN ONE WEEK ONLY.
• Reserved Seats— 2sc, 50c, 75c and »_ Matinee—
25c, 56 and 7.>r. _-,_.
Production? to Follow— "ONE OF OUR
' GIRLS," -THE GREAT RUDY."
COLUMBIA^
ONLY 5 NIGHTS? MORE AND SAT. MAT.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Mr. HENRY MILLER
And A SPECIAL COMPANY.
j In a Superb Revival of the Romantic Comedy.
HEARTSEASE.
A- presented at the Baldwin Last Year.
| CAST OF UNPARALLELED STRENGTH.
Next Production— "HAMLET."
j HENRY MILLER as the Melancholy Dane.
1 ALCAZAR 3™
REAPPEARANCE AND FAREWELL OF
LtWIS MORRISON
In a Gorgeous Spectacular Production of
FAUST!
i Positively His Last Appearance on Any Stage
of His Created Role of
MEPHISTO.
Big Cast. Strong Chorus and New Scenery.
PHONE MAIN 254.
PRICES ■_____• 15c. 25c, 35c. 55:
Next-FLORENCE ROBERTS IN "ROMEO
AND JULIET."
! GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE HOME OF OPERA IN ENGLI -L
ANOTHER ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
FAUST!
ORCHESTRA FLOOR, Reserved. 35c and ode.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. 15c.
GALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can
be purchased for 25c. Family Circle. 15c.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
• IS— HEW PEOPLE I— ls
LAURA JOYCE BELL «* CO.
LA FAFALLA.
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME.
THE ELDRIDCES.
KILPATRICK AND BARBER.
GEOMGE WILSON.
MINNIE PALMER.
LES BROWNS.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, s c.
Matinees, Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT.
Revival on a Irand Scale of the Greatest of
of Comic Operas.
WANG!
Final Appearance of Edwin Stevens!!
All the Favorites in the Cast!!
A Gorgeous Production in Every Detail!!
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY, opening of the
GRAND OPERA SEASON, in Italian. German
and English. WITH FAMOUS LYRIC
ARTISTS FROM EUROPE. Enlarged Or-
chestra and Chorus. Magnificent Scenery.
Costumes and Effects. Seats now on sale.
POPULAR PRICES— 23 and 5* Cents.
OUR TELEPHONE, BUSH 9.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Rs__"f"__-_ -__■__■______■__■__
a\-9 C* *» Those who were there
-. say the Panorama Is _
: rtV . correct representation.
if Lectures by Prof W.
Q. ROLLINS after-
Jl/j «-_ __ 9 _ _ _ noens and evenings.
_Y|£j| ; 113 Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission. SOc
Bay! . Childrea - 25c - .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10 CHILDREN. "3
Bathing, Including Admission 25c; Children 20c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats firm; Corn quiet.
Beans firm and active.
Excessive receipts of Hay.
Potatoes steadier: Tomatoes lower.
. A car .-■■ Eastern Poultry "Old.
Butter weaker.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Peaches glut the market.
Other fruits in sufficient supply.
Dried fruits about the same.
Provisions continue active and firm.
Meat market unchanged.
FRUIT AND SALMON* IN ENGLAND.
California fruits on the spot are selling stead
ily at firm prices, says the London Grocers
Gazette. Business for forward delivery is
Somewhat restricted by the Indisposition of the
packers to sell, except it very high rates. The
combination, information of which we pub
lished last week. Is. we understand, an accom
plished fact, and races some twenty-six
fruit canneries in California. There is no al
teration in the salmon situation; business is
being done in brands which are outside the
-combine" at something below "combine
prices, but holders who are Inside the combin
ation are very firm in their ylw-l^d express
the utmost confidence in the situation.
THE COBBER TRADE.
Henry i< Morton & Co.. London, estimate
the stock of Copper in England and France
and afloat thereto from Chile and Australia on
the Ist of July as follows:
Price. Tons.
<,- i-4-- 17s cd 32.637
?W '. 19 17 0 25.10 L
ism ::::::::::::::: re is o *»-*°*
WEATHER REPORT.
(5-Oth Meridian—Pacific Time.)
N FRAN<"'ISCO, Julj 24. a p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
r,-.p,-,rted from stations In California to-day:
Stations- Deg. Stations- Deg.
Eureka 5S San Diego 6s
Fresno .: . 106 Sacramento *"
Los Angeles 76 Independence ■•
Red Blurt r..; Yuma i"*>
San I- ■ T'; '
. Sani Francisco data: Maximum tempera
ture 59. minimum 50, moan 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A depression central -his morning over East
ern California now overlies the greater por
tion ot the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. Light showers have fallen In the
Sierra and also in the mountains uf Ltah and
Ariz ' ....
The temperature has risen decidedly over
Northern Ctah. Idaho and Northern Nevada.
Throughout California the temperatures are
generally below the normal. •
In the vicinity of San Francisco there is a
vertical thermal gradient of one degree rise
for every 100 feet of elevation.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: El Paso, 42 miles per hour from
the north: Cedar City, 26 southwest,
Forecast tna'Je at San Francisco for 30
hours ending midnight July 25:
Northern California -Cloudy and threaten
ing weather Tuesday; cooler in the northern
portion.-of the Sacramento Valley; probably
light .showers early Tuesday morning in east
ern ptcrtion; southerly winds in the valleys;
westerly winds with fog on the coast.
Southern California—Cloudy Tuesday. with
showers in the mountains; light southwesterly
wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with occasional
light showers: cooler in northern portion.
co 1 0le a r h_ClO -'- dy Tuesday; probably showers:
: Arizona- Clouds Tuesday, with showers in
northern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
possibly sprinkles in the morning; light south
erly, changing to fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER M.-A I'll-:.
ifflciaL
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jul: 24.— There was little
change in the Stock Exchange to-day. business
continuing at the same low ebb as last week.
which was the smallest week's business in the
year. The break of Consolidated Gas of 2% i
and a decline of over a point in Sugar turned
prices downward in the morning, but the j
bears were not disposed to be aggressive. Late
in the day an active demand developed for
New York Central, which lifted that stock 1% .
from the early low point. The whole market i
hardened in sympathy, Pennsylvania being ]
conspicuously affected. The early fractional j
losses were thus wiped out and final prices
were a shade above those of Saturday as a
rule. There, were a few wide movements In 1
the prices of individual stocks. Manhattan, I
Federal Steel. American Linseed Oil preferred
[arid Lead were heavy at one time and j
General Elect fell off a fraction, but lat- ,
er rose over two points, closing at 121%.
Pittsburg, C. c and St. Louis. St. Louis and
Southwestern preferred; lowa Central stocks,
Pressed Steel Car stocks and a few others j
made some display of strength. Th.- money I
market of the world showed relaxation from!
the recent strain, discounts In London and in !
Berlin declining an additional fraction, but ;
while anxiety over the money outlook is for
the moment "relieved, there is a general feel
ing that higher rates will rule in the near fu- [
ture. Local money lenders are disinclined to
lend money on time at present rates, believing j
that higher rates will prevail later. The ac
tivity ot business in this country, coupled with
the demand for money to move the crops. Is 1
expected to furnish employment for all avail- I
able funds. Owing to the activity of trade |
both in England and Germany, the large spec
ulative commitments at Paris and at Berlin. ■
there .will undoubtedly be a demand to bor
r.cw on credits established by the United States
on account of food exports. Such loans were
made on a large scale last year, but It is evi
dent that higher rates of interest will be re- \
quired to prevent the calling home of this
country's credit during the coming months,
' owing to the increased opportunities for em
ployment of money at home. It is, this situa
tion which : -as haused a halt in speculation
in securities both in this country and abroad.
Bonds were dull and narrow to-day and :
changes in piice.s were mixed. Total sales,
par value. J1. 650. 000.
United States 4s registered advanced '4 and
the 3« coupon '« in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold; Stocks- Bid.
1.410 Atchison 19%
15.!;9'i Atchison prefd 61% !
200 Baltimore & Ohio 47% ;
Canadian Pacific 97
2.-.'' Canada Southern 53% I
2c>) Central Pacific- 51% j
1.150 Chesapeake & Ohio 28% !
LS6O Chicago Great Western 14% !
6.324 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 136% I
....... Chicago. Ind & Louisville 9%
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 41
I.VI Chicago A Eastern Illinois 73 i
.-.cm Chicago & Northwestern 160% ;
880 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 118%
12n C O C .-. St Louis "^
...."::. Colorado Southern 4%
....... Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43%
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
3<)o Delaware & Hudson 121%
.... Delaware. Lae-k &* West* JC7
....... Denver & Rio Grande 21%
....'... Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74%
Erie I* 1 .
Erie ist pr<
'. Great Northern prefd IK6
100 Hocking Coal. 14'- 4 '.
K,O Hocking Valley 21
2 e 5 Illinois Centra! 117
3.370 lowa Central 13%
807 lowa Central prefd 52', 2
100 Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 7 I
Lake Frie .t Western 16% I
Lake Eric & Western prefd 75
-.. Lake Shore 200 •■
1.540 Louisville & Nashville 73%
7..180 Manhattan L 118%
1.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 211
820 Mexican Central 14% '
Minneapolis * •-' Louis 54%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90
5,3f0 Missouri Pacific 17*1
Mobile .-. Ohio 44% I
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 11*% j
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd . 34% :
■ New Jersey Central 116 " j
13.485 New York Central 140% 1
. . . Norfolk & Western 20%
280 Norfolk & Western prefd 70% j
3 410 Northern Pacific .".a., |
'7e17 Northern Pacific prefd 77% j
400 Ontario & Western 26% ;
Oregon Ry & Navigation 40 ■
Oregon By & Navigation prefd 75
4 442 Pennsylvania 136' i !
100 Reading 20% I
1 300 Reading Ist prefd 59% ,
...!... Reading 2d prefd 32%
... Rio Grande Western 30
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 79 ;
St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69 1
SCO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36%
3 370 St Louis Southwestern 15
7 rj 45 St Louis Southwestern prefd 37 j
S*Bs4 St. Paul 132%
.... St Paul prefd 173 ,
St Paul & Omaha 108
120 Southern Pacific 31% 1
Southern Railway 31% 1
800 Southern Railway prefd 51%
1 500 Texas A Pacific 22% !
3 150 T'nlon Pacific 43% I
- 250 Union Pacific prefd 77' ]
Wabash 7% |
. . Wabash prefd 22' 4 I
IM Wheeling & Lake Erie 9% |
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23% ,
400 Wisconsin Central 15 ;
Express Companies —
Adams U3 '
........ American 137
United States 49 I
Wells Fargo 125 ,
Miscellaneous—
600 American Cotton Oil ..41% j
183 American Cotton Oil prefd 92
400 American Malting 17% j
........ American Malting prefd.. 69 j
i
2. 050 American Smelting & R 29 |
2 .'. American Smelting & R prefd 84% i
American Spirits 6
American -Spirits prefd 29
1.100 American Steel Hoop 30%
365 American Steel Hoop prefd 77%
2.525 American Steel «,• Wire 56 I
American Steel & Wire prefd 95
625 American Tin Plate 3S
390 American Tin Plate prefd 84%
1.220 American Tobacco - 4 "'-i .
160 American Tobacco prefd 142
1,500 Anaconda Mining i/o 55%
7.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 114%
300 Colorado Fuel _ Iron 4..% ! i
630 Continental Tobacco.... 4! ,
Continental Tobacco prefd 81%
2,015 Federal Steel 57% -
650 Federal Steel prefd 80%
1.975 General Electric 121% '
22" Glucose Sugar ' ■'■' ,
Glucose Sugar prefd l fl 7
700 International Paper 41
International Paper prefd 7 ' a
100 Laclede Gas 54
1.170 National Biscuit 48.i ]
National Biscuit prefd 10-1 |
100 National Lead 30 I
100 National Lead prefd 112%
100 National Steel 49 :
260 National Steel prefd 91'^
New York Air Brake 20 ,
310 North American 11% i
'.". Pacific- Coast 38 .
....... Pacific Coast Ist prefd -I c
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 55
200 Pacific Mail *•%
700 People's Gas 117% |
1,350 Pressed Steel Car " ''i c
3.025 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83% i
Pullman Palace Car 15**%
Standard Rope & Twine 7%
8.975 Sugar 156%
Sugar prefd US
2.10 Tennessee Coal & Iron 60 ■
110 United States Leather 6% '
1,000 United States leather prefd 72% I .
United States Rubber 50
United States Rubber prefd 115% ;
Western Union ■'" |
171,300 shares soid. I
CLOSING BONDS. ]
V S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2d5.... 68' i ;
Do 3s reg 108"* Do 4s 93%
Do 3s coup 109% N V Cent ists 112
Do new 4s reg 123% N.l Cent gen 55.. 121% I
Do new 4s coup. .ISO No Carolina 65... 129%
Do old 4* reg 112% Do 4s 1"4
Do old is c0up. ..113 No Pacific Ists 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s 67% :
Do as coup 112% Do 4s 103%
Dist of C 3.65s 119 N VC A- St L .107%
Alabama class A. 109 Nor & W con 45... 95% < :
Do class B.i 109 Do gen 6s 135 j.
Do class C.......104 Oregon Nay 15t5 ..113%
Do Currency '.'* Do 4s 101 )» j I
Atchison gen 4s 102 Oregon s L 65... 132 Vi '
Do adj 4s 85% Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 111% Reading gen 45.... SS !
Ches & Ohio 4^s .. 97% Rio G West Ists... 99 : -
Do 5s 119% St L & I M con 55. 113% ;
Chi & X W con 7a. 145 St L & S F gen 6s-124% j
Do - F deb 55... 122 % SI Paul con 170
Chicago Term 45... 99Vj St P C & P ..121%
Den & Rio G i5t5. .105% Do 55....' 121%
Do 4s 100% So Railway 55.... 1091.
E T V & G 15t5. ..102% Stand R & T 65... 86 j
Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 07
F w & I' C Ists... 79 Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..116%
Gen Electric- 55. ...118 Do 2ds 56
>; II & s A 6s 113 Union Pacific 4s...l'*j -
Bo 2.1s 108 Wabash Ists 117%
H & T C 5s 110 Do 2 1s 102%
Dc con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 114*
lowa Cent Ists ... 113 Wis Cent Ists 76
KCP A'J Ists ... 61 Va Centuries 86
La new con 4s 106 De Deferred 5%
L & N unified 45.. .100%! Colo Southern 4s . 89
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 25 Ophlr 1 '"
Con >'a! & V 1 90 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 10 |
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd x" '
Hale & Norcross.. 32 Sierra Nevada. au
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 W
Iron Silver . .... 50 Union Con 32
Mexican 48 1 Yellow Jack, 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mon< '•'■ --' End 95
Call loans 3%®4 Wisconsin Cent... 14%
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 101
Atch Top & St Fe. 19% Mining Shares
- 1... prefd 61 s * Adventure 9
American 5ugar. ..156%, Allouez Mm C 0.... 7*-
Do prefd ■ ... 11* Atlantic 30
Bell Telephone 347 Boston & Mont 367
Boston _ Albany. .26l Butte & 805t0n.... 75
Boston Elevated... lo9% Calumet & Hecla..Sls
Boston <i- Maine... Centennial S3
Chi Bur & Q... 136% Franklin 19
Fitchburg prefd. ..ll7 Humboldt 2
Gen Electric 121% Osceola -7 : 5
Federal Steel 57% Parroti 52
Do trefd 80% Quincy 161
Mexican Central... 15 ; Santa I-"'- Copper... 13% I
Mich Telephone.... 97% Tamarack 220
Old Colony 205 Winona 13%
Old Dominion 36 Wolverine 46
Union Pacific 43% Utah 43
Union Band 7%
LONDON MARKET.
' NEW YORK, July 24.— Commercial Ad
' vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
I The markets here were idle to-day in view of
I the settlement to-morrow. Americans were .
heavy and neglected on the Cleveland strike, j
Money was easy.
Closing: Canadian Pacific. 99%; Northern
Pacific preferred, 79%; Union Pacific preferred, ]
79%- Atchison. 20%; Grand Trunk, 7; Ana- !
conda, 11%: Bar silver, steady, 27% d per
ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
__
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 24.— Money on call, steady. ;
S'.-riM per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 3%«54% per cent; sterling
exchange steady, with actual business in
bankers' bills " ; 87"ifi4 87' 2 for demand and ,
| 14 S4c}i4 84' i for sixty days; posted rates. $4 85-5)
I 4 86 and (4 33%: commercial bills, $4 84'H4 M l ., ; j
j silver certificates. 60@61c: bar silver, 60% c;
1 Mexican dollars, tßc Government bonds, in
| active; State bonds, irregular; railroad bonds,
I Inactive.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
SACRAMENTO, July 24.— The Earl Fruit
company sold California fruit at auction to
day, realizing the following prices:
NEW YORK, July 24.— Decker Peaches, $1 30 1
@1 80, average fl 56; Bartlett Pears, Jl 85<ff2 50,
average $2 23, half boxes S"<-f;"l 40; Tragedy- ;
; Prunes, '■'•". ••' •■ >1 40, average $1 13; Yellow Egg
Plums, average $1 45; Nectarines. $1 27: Craw-,
ford Peaches, boxes, 80c@l 50, average Jl 08;
Foster Peaches, boxes, Jlftl 40, average $1 13;
St. John Peaches, boxes, average Jl 20; Burbank :
Plums, single crates, average SI 3"; Alexander j
i Apples, boxes, average ?l 50. Twenty-two cars i
sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July California Red Blums,
' single crates, average fl 85; Diamond Plums,
! single crates, average $1 50; German Prunes, ■
! single crates, average $1 35; Burbank Plums, !
i single crates, average II 23; Tragedy Prunes, -
I single crates, Jl 9 25. average $1 11-.l 1 -. Bartlett
I Pears, boxes, fl 8502 65, average $1 96: Craw
! ford Peaches, boxes, 60c@$1 30, average $1 24;
i Yellow Free Peaches, boxes, average Jl 25; j
I Foster Peaches, boxes. $101 25. average .1 12: |
St. John Peaches, boxes, 50c§41 30, average
$1 IS: Hattanklo Plums, single crates, average
Jl 50; Washington Plums, single .rates, average I
$1 04. Ten cars sold to-day. . '
BOSTON, Mass., July 24.— Yellow Free'
Peaches, boxes, average Jl 25: Foster Peaches, |
boxes, SOCOJI 25. average $1 20; Bartleti Pears,
• boxes, SI 9002 40. average $2 03; Tragedy
Prunes, single crates. 70of;Jl 35. average 51 23:
German Prunes, single crates, $101 25. average;
$1 12; St. John Peaches, boxes, average $1 12; c
Early Crawford Peaches, boxes, 60c<S~!$l 35, '
average «1 14. Fourteen cars sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 24.— St. John
Peaches, boxes. :-~c-'/*i 30, average Si IS; Foster
Peaches, boxes, $1 2055 1 65, average $1 21; Craw
fords, 65c_Jl 40, average Jl 16; Decker |
Peaches ft lOCri 1 45, average $1 27; Hale's Early
Peaches', boxes, Soc®sl 20, average 99c; Bart
lett Pears, boxes. $1 40@2 06; Tragedy Prunes,
single crates. 75c@Jl 20. average $1 05; Clapp's
Favorite Pears, boxes. $1 4'"ft 1 60. average J! 43; i
1 Wlckson Plums, single crates. 75c@$1 75. aver- 1
age Jl S3: Burbank Plums, single crates, Jl 35'c>.
1 4". average J1 10; Yellow Egg Plums, average
. $1 20- Diamond. M 42; Slmonl Prunes, single
crates SI 19; Satsuma Blums, single crates, 96c;
Kelsev Plums, single crates, Jl 42. Ten cars ;
sold to-day.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
| WASHINGTON, July 24.— T0-day's statement,
lof the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
: able cash balance. 742.248; gold reserve, ■
I $244,997,1-18
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 24.— FLOUR— Receipts, !
i 15,600 bbls; exports. 7"!. 049 bbls. Sales. 4000;
I Inactive and about steady without, change.
WHEAT -Receipts. 221,551 bushels; exports, j
j 766,411 bushels. Sales, 2,040,000 bushels futures,
108.000 bushels spot. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, !
76-,.. f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 northern
I Duluth. 78% c f- o. b. afloat spot; No. i hard
] Duluth, 81% cto arrive; No. 2 red, 75c ele- |
j vator. Options opened firm on higher Eng- j
I llsb cables. Thereafter it ruled dull and ir- :
i regular all day, finally easing off under reallz- i
j ing and lack of outside support Northwest I
! crop news was better, closing easy at %'!i%c
net decline. Sales Included No. 2 red. July. I
I 76%'576 l ie. close 75% c; September, 75 %*-"6 .'• I6c
| closed 75% c; December, 77 11-16'f7SVic, closed
!77"-4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES Steady.
' WOOL—
METALS— General market held steady, he- I
I ing helped bj further advance in tin to Z(W t <ts .
! 30% c. The market for tin closed unsettled,
I while pig iron warrants closed nominal at $14'
LAKE COPPER— Firm, at IB%c.
LEAD— Quiet, nt $4 -.-.-■ < 57%.
SPELTER— Quiet, at J6 25 Brokers quote
lead 14 35 and copper JIS 50.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
: 5 points higher. Sales, 7750 bags. Including
September. $4 45; November. $4 60; December,
I $4 90; March, $5 05; May. JS 10>35 15; June, $5 15
iff s 20. Spot coffee— Rio dull; mild quiet. Sale*
1 small Jobbing business.
SUGAR— Raw firm; refined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 12,520 packages. Firm;
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
State dairy, 13%ig17c; State creamery. 15018 c;
Western creamery, 15®18c; factory, U*_U___-
EGGS— Receipts, 10,067 packages. Western,
10@15%c. __
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 24.— California dried
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. fi^
7t,c; prime wire tray, B%(SS%c; choice, B%<®oc;
fa pRI*NES— as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal; 14c; Moorpark. 14c.
PEACHES— Cnpeeled, 10@llc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Unfavorable weather in
France and Germany, to connection With j
complaints of rust from the Dakota* and |
larger world's shipments than expected start
ed wheat strong. The loss of nearly a mil- ;
lion bushels of wheat in elevator fire at ,
Toledo --.deled to the bullish rentiment. Sep- |
tember opened %©%c higher at 70% c. and ad- :
vanced to 71%®71%c. Speculation was slack.
however, and when an Increase of L 461.000
bushels In the visible supply was reported the \
price slipped back to 70% c. A slow cash de
mand. Improved weather in the Northwest and .
reports that harvesting has begun In Mm- |
nesota also had a depressing Influence There
was a temporary rally at the end of the ses- ;
sion but at the advance there was more for ,
sale" than the market could absorb and the
market closed with sellers at 70% c. The world s
shipments of wheal and flour for - the week
amounted to 7.104.000 bushels and the quantity
on passage decreased 1.080.000 bushels. An in- ,
crease of 693,000 bushels In the visible suppply j
wiped our a feeble rally in corn. Cash busi- |
ness was curtailed by the smallness of country .
offerings. September closed a shade higher.
Favorable crop reports and large receipts
weakened oats. September closed W(i^*c
lower. . . . _ |
Better prices at the yards started provisions
at a moderate advance. Selling by packers, j
however, started a decline, which met _ nil
merous stop-loss orders and a decided slump
followed. September pork lost 1501 i%c, lard
10c and ribs be,
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Articles" Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '",''' .„-, <.<■„■/
ju™.* 0 :. 2 ::.... 70% 70% *_ 69%
September 70% 71% 70% 70%
December "-% 73% '2% 72%
.Tu < iy m. . X °:.. " 32% 32% 32% 32%
September 31% 32 31% 31;,
December 30 30% 29% 30% ,
Bi.v tS . N °:. 2 ~. 24% 24% 24 24%!
September 19% 19% »* "J*
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Fork, per bbl— , ■■'■"' „ „„,. i
September 920 9 22% 9 or. 9 02%
October 920 9 22% 905 9 0;, |
Lard, per 100 lbs— i
September 5 57% 560 640 5 4.% I
October 5 62% 6 62% 5 52% 5 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September :. 5 22% 525 5 12% 5 17%
October ...5 22' s__ 5 17', 5 22% ;
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and easy: No. 2 spring wheat. 70070*--»c;
No 3 spring wheat. 66®70Vic: No. 2 red, 710 ;
71-...0- No. 2 corn. 32%®32%e; No. 2 oats. 24' 2 .-; ;
No" 2 white, 26M>eS27c; No. 3 white. 25026%Cj ,
No 2 rye, 52% c; No. 2 barley. 34-3400; No. 1 j
flaxseed 98c; prime timothy seed, J2 35; mess |
pork, per bbl, JS 9509; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 40©
5 50- short ribs sides (loose). %7, 0505 25; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $5 374115 50: short
clear sides (boxed), $5 35©5 45; whisky, dis
tillers finished goods, per gallon. $1 26; sugars,
cut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated. 5.64 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 17.000
Wheat, bushels 77.000 21.000
Corn, bushels 443,000 1.048,000
Oats, bushels 243.000 256.000
Rye, bushels 2.000 . 42.000
Barley, bushels MOO _ 38.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy: creamery. 12017 c; dairy. 11
r<7ls%c. Eggs, weak and dull; fresh, 11%012c.
Cheese, quiet; B@9%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— J" 1 "-'- Se P*- Dec - t
Opening 5 7 58% 510 ,
Closing 5 7 59% 5 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 10 20 35
Closing ..... 20 10 20 40
Flour— 44 15 28 _
Opening ** i 0 -" J ■'
Closing « 2-' 28 30 ;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. j
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICA<3O.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Trade in cattle to-day j
was brisk at steady prices for the general run
of steers for good to choice shipping beeves, j
Good to fancy steers brought $5 2505 85; com
mon grades. *4 2505 20; stockers and feeders, .
$304 75; bulls, cows and heifers. $2@o 10; Texas j
steers, J3 5005 25; calves, 34 5006 75.
Demand for hogs early was active with \
prices averaging 2%c higher. The late market I
was dull however, and fully 5c lower. Fair
to Choice lots. $4 5004 65; heavy packers $4 25 j
04 47H: mixed. M C@4 66; butchers. J4 35©
4 67%; light hogs. $4 4504 70; pigs, $39004 65. j
There was a fairly active slaughtering de
mand for sheep, with prices steady for good
flocks and weak for others. Culls. $2 c.003 ....
native wethers. $305 25; rams. *2 5003 2a ; I ewes,
J3 7504 40; yearlings, J4 5005 40; spring lambs, j
$3 7506 60.
Receipts-Cattle. 17.000; hogs, 36.000; sheep.
16,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 24.— Consols, 106 13-16: silver.
27"-id: French rentes, lOOf 82% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage easier, but in some request; import I
into United Kingdom, wheat. 3,700,000 quarters; |
import into United Klnjrdom, flour, 204,000 j
quarters. . .
LIVERPOOL, July 24.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; weather In
England, flne . _« j ; : '
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— OId American mixed, steady. 3s 4d.
Futures— Quiet; July, 3s 4'4<i; September. 3s I
4%d; October, 3s 4%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 24.— Exchanges, $310,
--729; balances, J49.529.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., July 24.— The local wheat
market opened up very weak this morning
and a shade of firmness in the East and a
steady market abroad failed to help matters ;
in Portland. Some of the dealers quoted up
to 57c for Walla Walla, but others refused to
go above 56*5 56%e, and Valley was a drug on
the market at 58c; Blue Stem nominally 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 24.— Wheat opened at the
closing figures of Saturday, being a cent low
er than the ruling price during the greater
part of last week. Club, 56c; Blue Stem, 69c.
♦—
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — j« 85 i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88% i
Sterling Cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12>_
Mexican Dollars — 49V4@50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT Chicago opened firmer on better '
foreign advices and smaller receipts. Liver- !
pool advanced ryn reported crop damage on the ■
Continent. The weather in the Northwest was
reported favorable for the growing crops, Lat
er on In the day an increase of 1,500,000 bush
els in the visible supply weakened the market
again.
The local situation was dull and unchanged.
Spot W neat— Shipping, Jl Usejjl 07H; milling,
Jl 08\cgl 12%
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2ooo ctls.,
fi 13%: 4000, Jl 13%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls.. Jim*;
10.M/0, $1 13%;
Regular Morning Session— December— lo.COO
ctls.. $1 13.
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls.,
Jl 13%.
BARLEY— The feeling was weak and prices
showed a fractional decline. Trade was dull
all around.
Feed, new, 90@95c; Brewing, 97%-jfJl 02%;
old Brewing, Jl o5i&1 10; Chevalier, Jl I_H@l 15
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session -No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— Booo
ctls.. 89c; 2000, R"-"i,c. , oo „
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, S^'i,r.
OATS farmers and other holders in the
country are holding back on account of the re
cent decline which results in small spot stocks.
The demand is fair and the market is steadier.
New white are selling at Jl 30@1 4.-., and new
red at Jl 07' 2 f?l 17% per ctl.
CORN— There is just about enough coming in
to satis; v the demand, and quotations show no
change Small round yellow, $130iffl3.>; East
ern large Yellow. J110S115: White, 109
115: mixed. Jl 10 per ctl; California White.
RYE— is quoted at 90@92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Moel Ellian took for Cork 18,548 barrels
Flour, valued at J64.9C0.
California family extras. J3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. J3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
J3 25<Ji3 40 for bakers' and J2 2.>eg3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 Ins; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal 'j2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal, J2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25: Oatmeal, J4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. J4 75: Hominy, J3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75;
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 5506 95; in sacks, $6 30@6 70,
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 £0; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is coming in at a great rate, yester
day's receipts amounting to 1345 tons. The
market has gone to pieces as far as demand is
concerned, hut there is no decline, though the
feeling is one of demoralization.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
_ _ ■
BRAN— JIS 50@16 50 peF ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. J^7f72S; jobbing,
J2B 50(ff29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmea'.
J23 50@21 50; Cracked Corn. J24@25; Mixed Feed.
JlsiSl6; Cottonseed Meal. $24fc"i2« per ton.
HAY— Wheat, J7ff?9 for good and J9 n0 for
choice; Wheat and Oat. J7(g:S 50: Oat J6®Bj
Barley. Jsig7; Island Barley, Js®6; Alfalfa, »6®
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The firmness in Beans continues, and the
demand continues good. There is nothing new
In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. %l 90®2; Small White. J2 05if
2 15; Large White. Jl 70-fTI 80; Pinks, $2 25@2 35;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye, J4 10@4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $4 lu*i4 i... a'ea. $2 luyi iv.;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown .Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2%@3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed.
2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 8%®9%c; Rape. 3@3%c;
Hemp, 4V,c{,4is<-; Timothy. 4%©5% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25. y 1 50, Green. Jl 50
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes were steadier and some flne Bur
banks in boxes sold at $1 50. Sack lots, of
course, did not bring such a price.
Tomatoes were rather weaker. Cucumbers
were in heavy supply and very weak. The
other Vegetables stood about the same.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $103 35; Early
Rose, 75c© Jl; Burbanks. 75c(gjl 35 per ctl.
ONIONS— 6O<?iSOc per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75C0J1 50 per box
for ordinary and Jl 7.V./2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb.
25ejf50c per box: Green Peas, 2@2%c per lb:
String Beans, 2ic?3c; Lima Beans, 405 c: Cab
bage. 50@60c; Tomatoes. 40@60c per box; Rivers.
$10175; Stockton, Jli&loO; Egg Plant. 75c®
J125: Green Okra, 50@86c per box: Garlic, 2ef3c:
Green Peppers, 25@50c for Chile and 75c@Jl 25
per box for Bell: Carrots. 30@40c per sack; Bay
Cucumbers. 20@30c; Summer Squash, 20@25c for
Bay; Marrowfat Squash. $105-12 per ton; Green
Corn, 50c@Jl 25 per sack for Vaeaville. Jl 25®
150 per crate for Alameda and 75(gS5c for
Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at J5 7S'lx^ for Hens
and Jo for old Roosters. More Eastern will
go on to-day.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 11a712c for Gob
blers and 11@32c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 36
®3Sc: Geese, per pair, Jl®3 25; Goslings. Jl 25
(n\ 50; Ducks, J3®4 for old and J4®s 50 tor
young: Hens. $4 Eo®s 50: young Roosters, $50
6; old Roosters, J4@s; Fryers, J4 50;
Broilers. J35-4 tor large. $2 ."'-"(i .i lor small;
Pigeons. Jl 50®2 per dozen for old and Jl 50®2
for Squabs. '-. / '. •'->
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter opened the week depressed, and
though some dealers still quoted 21c for the
best Creamery they were the exception. There
was no lack of supplies. Cheese and Eggs
stood the sam».
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20c; seconds, 19c.
uairy— 17%©18 c; good to choice, Hit
17c; store. 14015 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9c; old. B®B%c;
Young America. 9%®10c; Eastern, 13®15c.
EGGS— at 16019 c lor store and 20®
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%@2 for
selected, 160170 for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. J2O for frees and J3O for clings: Apri
! cots, $30045 per ton, according to size and qual
: ity and district: Bartlett Pears. J n*/ 50 per ton;
Green and Yellow Blums. $15023 per ton.
The canners are still hammering away at
! Apricots, and though the combine will not
pay over *'"• sales above this figure to out
: siders are reported. Peaches are a drug at
low prices. Pears rule firm at the high quota
tions. Colored table Plums are firm, but the
green end yellow canning descriptions are
weak as the canners cannot attend to them.
Melons are easy. Grapes are slow. There
are rather more Figs on the market, though
I they are still scare. Berries continue cheap.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Apples, :;-,c'.i;l per large box: Crabapples, 3..®
50c per small box.
BERRlES— Blackberries. J3 5004 50 per chest;
Strawberries J4tis per Chest for small and $_"•/
! 250 for large berries: Raspberries, $305 per
i chest; Logan berries, $S©lo per chest; Huckle
! berries, 7@Bc per lb.
Watermelons. $."-''(ls per 100.
i Cantaloupes. 50c®Jl 50 per box and $2 ,->OO3 25*
i per ate; Nutmegs, 50c® 150 per box and
per ' rate.
Grapes, black and white. 50©75 c per box and
75c per crate.
Currants. $4 5006 per chest.
Green pears. 25050 c per box. according to
size Bartletts.' 75^ Jl 25 per box.
Nectarines. 25@50c per box for white ana 60c
ffif] for red. ■ '-■
Figs. 50@75c for single and Jl 25®1 50 per box
for double layers of black and 75c for white.
Api Icots, 4.1075 c per box.
Peaches. 20(g50c per box and 10@30c per bas
ket
Plums, 25@50c per box; Prunes, 50085 c per
I CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. JKiS:
Lemons. 75c®$l 50 for common and J2®3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. JlO4 50 Cali
fornia Limes. per small box; Bananas,
$15002 50 per' bunch; Pineapples, $102 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
As intimated in Sunday's Call, there has cvi
'• dently been a mistake regarding the offer of
; visalia Prunes on the New York market at
I 2"v. as a reliable authority states that 3c is
I the very lowest base price mentioned thus far
| for anything in the shape of a Prune.
Evaporated Apples are weak at the decline
! already noted. Peaches are steady and Apri
cots firm.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6%c for
40-50 v 5c for 50-60' s, 4c for 60-70 s. 3%®3%c for
; 70-80's, 2%cg.*Vic for 80-90's. 2',.2!&2*. 4 c for 90-100's
and 2®2'ic for 100-310'
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. in
sacks, 6%c for 40-50' s, 5%c for 50-60' s, 4Vic per
lb for SOLO'S. 3%c for 70 BO's, ,W 4 c, for 80-90's
and 2%c for 90-100's; Apricots, 9®llc'for Royals
and 11%@12%C for Moorparks; Peaches, B@B%c;
Evaporated Apples, 7%08c; Sun-dried, 5%g)
I 6c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown 5%c for four-crown. 4%@6c for Seedless
; Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
! for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2%03c.
chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Bc
I for hardshell. 10011 c for portsnell; Chile Wal
. nuts, llc&12<j; Almonds, new crop, 7%c for
1 Lariguedoc and 9>4c for paper-shell; Pea
■ nuts, 6tg'7c for Eastern and 4^S'sv- for Califor
i nia; ' Cocoanuts. (4 5095.
HONEY Comb. ll%c for bright and lO'^e for
j light amber; water white extracted, 7 t /4®7'-2c;
' light amber extracted, 6%®7c; dark, 5%c
per lb. ,-
BEESWAX— 26O27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers still report large orders for Hams,
i Bacon and Lard nt firm prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. B%c per lb for
' heavy. 9©9% C for light medium. lie for light,
1 I'i.co for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
! Eastern sugar-cured Hams 13®13%c: Califor
nia Hams. 12©12% c; Merasßeef. $13 per bbl .
extra Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef Jh,@ »50
extra Prime Pork. W_ 50; extra clear, $16 M.
mess. 115015 50; Smoked Beef 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at s%®o%iC per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: naif barrels, pure.
714 c; 10-lb tins, SV4c; 5-lb tins. B%p.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, b%@6;i,c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. lib pails. 60 In a case 9y,c;
3-IT) palls. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls 12 In a
case BV--C; 10-tb palls, 6 in a case. S%c; 50-tb
tins.' Dor '2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets 2')
lbs net. 8%o; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c: half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%e.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
i Cowhides. 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
! 10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
i 13c- dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
. Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 35®60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
i 90ccf?Jl 10" each: Horse Hides, salt. $202 25 for
I large and $1 25©1 50 for small; Colts, 25050 c.
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
! 2, 303% c; refined. ; grease. 2-g2%c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 8®llc; Foothill and North
, crn free. 11014 c: Foothill and Northern defect-
I ive. 9efJTlc: Nevada. ll®14c; San Joaquin Foot
: hill free. 10®12c; do defective, B®9c: Humboldt
: and Mendocino. 16%®3Sc: Valley Oregon. 17®
ISc; Eastern Oregon. I2@llc for choice and 9©
-11% c for fair to gdod.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 15Jf17%c per tb; 1599 crop.
12 1 /4@l3c bid and refused.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain as previously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Bc per lb for Steers and 6%®7c for
Cows.
VEAL— per lb. .&..".:
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; Ewes, 6%c per lb.
LAMB— sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%©5% c for small. 6c
I for medium and s%'Sri%c for large; stock Hogs
I and Feeders. 5V4c; dressed Hogs. 7@B%e.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c; Wool
Bags, 26@2*:c; San Quentin Bags, nominal.
Wellington. JS per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos . Bay, , $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8: Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 oO I
ln sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *w.
Cannel, $8 per ton; ROck Springs and Castle !
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk ana a*
SUGAR- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags.
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6%c; Candy Granulated. i.%c; Dry
Granulated 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A. 4%c; Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C. 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half-barrels.
%c more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
•:',.-'. For Monday, July 21.
Flour, qr sks 22,179 Cheese, ctls £2
Wheat, ctls 76 Butter, ctls l{w
Barley, ctls 6,418 Eggs, dos 14,500
Oats, 'tis 5.381 Quicksilver, flks. 11l
Potatoes, sks 1,700 Leather, rolls — 250
Onions, sks 589 Wine, gals 25.950
Bran, sks 300 Paper, reams 600 .
Middlings, sks... 667 Shorts, sks -■
Sugar, sks 1,700 Wool, bags 40
Sugar, bids 85 Hay. tons 1.«6
Lime, bbls 182 Straw, bens 48
Tallow, Ctls 21" Belts, b.lls *•>
Corn, ctls. East. 6001 Hides, no 1-9
Corn, ctls 150 !
OREGON:
Flour, qr sks 12,268 Bran, sks 2.095
Wheat, ctls 801
■ ♦ » —--•'-■
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business in securlt'- on |
the morning session of the Bond Exchange and
the feeling was firm as a rule. Contra Costa
"Water advanced to $75**. ..-rket-street Rail
way to $63 and Gas and Electric to $71%.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
firmer at $75% and Gas and Electric at $72.
Hutchinson Plantation was weaker at $32.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"Elevator No. 1 has been working steadily^ ,
At 6:30 this morning the water was down 12
feet 3 inches below the 1950 level station, with
but a small stream of water running fn the
3950 level." .
The Hana Plantation Company will pay a
dividend of 50c per share on August 1.
Hidden Treasure drift mine. Placer County,
will pay 10c a share or $3600, July 20.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
dividend of 50c on August I. •'; • v
The Deer Trail No. 2 Mining Company has
declared its regular monthly dividend of $2000,
being a quarter of a cent per share.
The Live Oak and Minuette Mining Com
pany of Columbia Hill district Nevada
County, has levied an assessment of 2c per
share, delinquent August 25. _.«___ „f
The ore shipments by rail from the mines of
Eureka district, Nevada, for the week l end
July 21 were as follows: Cyanide mine, 3.. 1.0 !
pounds; Eureka Con. 151.820; B_**__^___£__]:
Hidden Jewel and Laurel. lU*°. •*■»«•
136.360; Oriental and Belmont, «' ■ Re « ' '
16,580; Richmond. 67.420; Silverado. 9290. Helen
415.). From Hamilton— 66,430, Rocco
Homestake, 185,220. , . ,
ln the Sierra Nevada mine on the 140 f level
the south drift from the main west drift op
poslte the north drift was advanced 123 feet
total length. 202 feet; face In porphyry with
clay and quartz stringers. East crosscut 3
from the north drift from a point Ml f|et south
from east crosscut 2 has been advanced " leet,
face in porphyry, clay and quartz. f'° '^ ' ,
The north drift from the west end of west
crosscut 2 has been advanced 10 feet, total
length, 122 feet; face in porphyry and c ay.
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia mine for Repast week Ism fol
lows: "The Comstoek Pumping Association
ha- been engaged in the following work at the
,- and C. shaft during the past **««*■ M ™
lev.- -The west drift has been extended 20
feet •'{a,. 722 feet. The face is in quartz
seams of clay and porphyry. At a point T>o
feet back of the face of this drift **£*""»
clay wall was cut through, and from that <
olnt into the face there are alternating
streaks of quartz and porphyry •^Assays mane .
•rem this formation have ranged from $1 to |
ijperton, the value of the ore being largely
in gold. The drift has passed 9 feet .beyond
where connection should have been made with
the old workings as shown by the maps on file
In this of lice, but no such workings have been
encountered 1650 level— Necessary repairs are
{ "ing made on this level. 1750 level-The slopes
have been extended upward one set and for |
three sets in length, making the fourth floor,
and to the east and south one set on the third
floor. While extending the sets we haye 'ex
tracted 75.3 tons of ore of a gold value of $18.88
per ton and 75 tons having a gold value of $8.88
per ton. From the second floor a, southwest
drift was started on the clay wall forming the
north boundary of th" new ore. The drift has I
been extended 64 feet, the face being In a ]
heavy clay wall. The course of this clay seems
to "•# west of south. In following the clay |
wall- ith this drift, at 8 point 1!' feet in from j
••he stope. having run through low-grade ore I
for that distance, an old Btope was cut Into,
the stope being 1- feet wide, 10 feet long an.i j
four Boors above the 1750. The fillings in this ]
stoj.e assay: ('old, $18.60; silver, 12.70 ounces
per ton. As near as can be determined the
top of the stupe Is In sight, but we have been
unable to examine or sample it. At a point 17
feet back from the face of the drift a mass of
ore was cut into five feet thick, assaying from |
$14 to $18 per ton. From the 1750 Slopes there
have been extracted to date 443 tons of $15.96 ,
ore and 161 tons of $8.34 ore. 1800 level— The
south drift vv cleaned out and retlmbered for
a distance of 42 feet, making a total length of
112 feet. This drift Is quite full Of rock and
the timbers have to be replaced. The sides i
of this drift show quartz and porphyry, the (
percentage of quartz increasing as we go ■
south. The meachinery Is all In good working
order. The hoisting works have been white
washed and the boiler room closed up so the ■
dust . cannot now enter the engine room and ;
some changes have been made in the boiler |
room that will permit of the work being more
easily done. This report will conclude the |
operations of the Comstoek Pumping Associa
tion in the development and extraction of ore
for and on account of the Con. Cal. and Va.
Company, as the new superintendent, Joseph
1; Ryan, has taken charge of this part of the j
work."
The official report from the Ophir mine for
the past week is as follows: "No underground
work has been done the past week through the
Ophir shaft. Central tunnel— The joint Mexi
can west crosscut was advanced 19 feet; total I
length, 45 feet; face In porphyry with seams i
of clay. From the old workings referred to in
last week's report ten cars of ore were ex
tracted of a gold value of $11 per ton.
Sutro tunnel connection— Sutro tunnel
direct connection was extended 4 feet 6 Inches;
total 265 feet 6 inches; face In the hardest
hanging wall rock we have yet found. Ar- |
rangements are being made to carry com- .
pressed air into the drift so that machine ;
drills can be us.-.l in extending it. Work has
been continued in the southwest drift and the
drift extended S feet; tote 1 length 69 feet: face
in quartz and porphyry, the porphyry forming
the .hanging wall of the vein. During the
week samples from the face have shown values
ranging from 50c to $6 50 per ton."
In the Chollar and Potosi mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the
week 21 feet; total length, 323 feet; face in
clay containing bowlders of quartz of low
grade. At a point 323 feet from the mouth of
the drift they cut one set to the south for
putting down a switch. On the tunnel level,
they have one man on repairs. The joint Bul
llon-Potoai west crosscut has been advanced 13
feet; total length. 272 feet: face In clay, quartz
and prrphyry. Sutro tunnel level— The /*nlig
drift has been advanced 10 feet during the
week; total length, 970 feet; face In very hard
porphyry.
6TOCK AP-m BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 24—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. [ Bid.Ask.
Rends— 'Mutual El Co. — 15
4s quar c0up.. 132 — Oakland Gas.. 47 48
4s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 71% —
4s quar new.. — — Pac LCo 41%,42
3s quar c0up..108%109% 3F G & _.... 72 72%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 58.116% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 11 l — ' Insurance
XL& P6s 130% — Firem's Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Rv Bs.llfi%11« Bank Stocks
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal 66 68%
H C * S 5%5.107% - Hank of Cal... — 295
L A Rv 55. ...106 107% ('al SD & T.. — 98
L A LCo 65.. an — .First Nationl.223 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 — l^on P & A.... 129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 |Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65...126%128 -Nev Nat 8k...180 —
Do Ist M 55. 116 116% Savings Bank"—
NCN G R 7s. 110 — Ger S & L..1622% —
N Ry Cal 65.. — "14 Hum s A L.1050 llfio
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Mutual Say.. — 42%
N PC R R 6s. — — S F Say U 495 —
NPC R R 55. 105 106% g& L %).... — 85
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
cc CLft H ss.Hl — lUnlon T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt fir-. 110 111 I Street Railroads—
On C Ry 1i5. .12; 130 .California ....116 —
P& Cl Ity 65. 104% — Geary 50 -
p & O 6s 115 — IMarket-st 62% 63%
Powell-st 65... 118 322% Oak S L&H. — —
Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio — 16
SF& N P ss. — 113% Powder— .
SF & S JV05.114%115 California .... — —
Sierra R Olds.*"* - _ ;k Dynamlt- .. -- 95
SPof A 65... 111% — Giant Con Co. 72 —
S P C 6509051.1_! 112% Vigorit 2% 3%
rP c Rfc.ionra. — 114*4 suen 1 -—
S P C C5(1912). — 122% Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
RP«'ls eg os. — V* - Haw CA-SC. 97 100 ,
_ PBr 65...... — 125% Hutch S P Co. 32 32% |
< V Wat 65....H5%136 Kilauea S Co. — 31%
g V Wat is 104%104% Makaweli SC. 47% 4S
8V W 4s(3rm)lol 101% Onomea S Co. — 40%
Stktn Gas K5..102% — Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Water Stocks— , M'«eeilane«us-
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 Al Pac A55n.. 115% —
Mann Co ... v - Cer l.d Wks..2si) —
Spring Va11ev.101%1"2% 'Mot Ft As«n. "0 _
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 90% 90%
Capital Gas... — — 'Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.134. 134 135
Cent I- <<- 8... 6%- j Car Paint Co.. 8% -
Eqult G L Co. — 4%
Morning Session.
Board— „, _ .
126 Contra Costa Water 76 00
100 Contra Costa Water  75 12%
30 Contra Costa Water 73 2:,
70 Contra Costa Water........ 75 37% I
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 73
25 Giant Powder Con 71 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co.. 32 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 32 62%
-•: - Makaweli -47 75
125 Market Street Railway 62 87%
2 Market Street Railway.... 63 00
M Oceanic S B Co 9100
56 Paauhau S P Co 39 62%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 60
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 75
70 S V Water 102 00
'. . Street—
$10,000 SF & N P Ry bonds 113 25
Afternoon Session.
Boa —
65 Contra Costa Water 75 50
70 Contra Costa Water 75 75
85 Contra Costa Water 75 87*4
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 50
120 Hutchinson S P Co ; 32 00 ]
21 Market Street Railway 62 75 j
15 Oceanic S S Co 90 50 «
20 Paauhau S P Co 39 50 .
150 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
5 Pacific Gas Imp 7150 <
7 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 75 1
155 S F Gas * Electric Co 72 00
50 St reef — PCo 39 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
; t
INVESTMENT BOARD. !
Morning Session.
Boar I -
So Hutchinson B P Co 3 - 75
7 Hutchinson S P Co 3 * '■'
40 S V Water 1"- i "'
50 Market Street Railway 62 00 ,. :
100 Vigorit Powder 3 12 - * ■
Afternoon Session. I ;
23 Co Costa Water £ 37V4 \
25 Contra Costa Water Jo 37 .
30 Contra Costa Water <» •?.'
40 Paauhau S P Co 39 ',•' . '
30 Paauhau S P C 0....' » SZV 3
15 S F Gas & Electric Co " •'"
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— _ .„,
15 Cortra Costa Water '_ >-,
-100 Equitable Gas * .-"
--40 Giant Powder " *!
20 S V Gas & Electric Co _} ■»• , •
30 S F Gas & Electric Co '* '-2
150 Vigorit Powder iw
Afternoon Session.
Board— __ _. ;
45 Contra Costa Water ia _>
50 Equitable Gas * _>
30 Giant Powder ,'i _'
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s •» 1J« «_
65 Makaweli Sugar Co * ' «
.-.'( Onomea Sugar Co *_ ;'
--50 Paauhau S P Co ■•''■'
10 S V Water 10- w
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran-
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 16 300* 'hollar .... ... .. 26 1
200 Best & Belcher 51 100 Con Cal & V... 2 00
200 Bullion 09 1 100 Union Con 3b
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 27 100 Gould & Curry. 39 j
100 Best & Belcher 52 100 Mexican 53 1
100 Bullion 08 100 Potosi ol 1
100 Caledonia 59 200 Savage 2
-100 Caledonia 58 400 Union Con .16,
100 Con Cal & V...2 00 200 Utah 11
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
'00 Andes 16 100 Ophir 107%
300 Belcher 25 400 Ophir 105
500 est & Belcher "... WO Overman 11 ;
500 Best & Belcher 51 1100 Potosi 51 1
200 Caledonia 59 300 Potosi 52;
100 chollar 26 500 Potosi 50
600 Chollar 23 100 Savage 23
500 Chollar 24 1100 Savage 22
500 Chollar 23 200 Sierra Nevada. 59 ,
100 Con Cal & V...2 00 200 Utah 11
300 Mexican 53
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 50 100 Potosi 60
50 Best & Belcher 51 200 Potosi 51
500 Best & Belcher 52 200 Standard 250
200 hollar 23 200 Union Con 35
300 Con Cal & V.2 02% 500 Union Con 36 ,
100 Ophir 1 05 200 Yellow Jacket.. 33 \
200 Ophlr 1 07% 13 Yellow Jacket.. 30 i
200 Ophlr 1 10 200 Yellow Jacket.. 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 24—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
I Alpha 03 04 Justice 07 08 !
! Alta c"6 07 Kentuck — 04
Andes 15 17 Lady Wash 01 02 j
; Belcher 26 27 Mexican 53 54
• Best & Belcher 51 52 Occidental 23 2.*.
. Bullion 08 09 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 56 58 Overman 10 11
Chollar 23 24 Totosl 51 52 I
Challenge Con. 23 26 Savage 22 21
Confidence 65 90 Scorpion 02 03!
Con Cal & V...2 00 205 Seg Belcher.... 06 OS '
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 60 61 |
Crown Point... 24 25 Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka Con 50 — Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. — 04 Standard 2402 50
Exchequer — 04 St Louis 10 — '
: Gould & Curry. 39 40 Union Con 35 36 j
! Hale & Norcrs. 33 3". Utah 10 11 :
! Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 33 30
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emelle Lyons to Theodore S. Hoin, lot on W
line of Stelner street, 150 N of Filbert, N 25 by |
W 100: $10.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Margaret J. I
■ Wall, lot on E line of Devisadero street, 102*8*4
N of Washington. N 25 by E 110; $10.
Thomas W., [Catherine A., Christopher C. and .
Lily A. Rivers to Horace G. White. lot on S :
■ line of Twenty-first street. 137 W of Valencia,
W 23 by S 114; $10.
California Land Commissioners to P. <". Hey
man, lot on SE corner of Sacramento and .
Leid'esdorff streets, S 80 by E 4.".; $50.
Albert P. and Josephine Rothkopf (Hupers)
to R. H. Daley, lot on W line of Stockton
Street 91:6 N of Bush, N 23 by W 90: $10.
Joseph B. Coryell to Mountford S. Wilson, ,
lot on NW corner of Alameda and Kansas
streets. N 260, W 100, N 11". W 100, S 360, E
* Mountford S. and Flora C. Wilson to Seattle
. Brewing and Malting Company, lot on S\\
: corner of Kansas and New Channel streets. S ;
110 by W 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
Same to Johanna M. Wright and Elizabeth
Blackwood .9-24 each) and Emily J. Wilson |
and S F and Fresno Land Company (Vs each),
1 lot on NW corner of El Dorado and Kansas
streets, N 4"". W 190, si-; 435:4.8, E 18; also lot
on NW cornet- of Alameda and Kansas streets, .'
X ••'-,.. W 100 N 110, W 100, S 360, E 200; $1. I
, ' Vincent P. and Agnes L. Buckley to Frank
J Devlin, lot on W line of Twenty-fifth |
avenue 100 N of California street, W 120, N i
i 319:1, NE 120:7%, S 331:3; $10. \
Provident Mutual Loan Association and
David and Emma Hirschfeld to George M. J
Rolph lot on SW corner of Twenty-second I
i avenue and M street. W 107:6, S 100, W 12:6, S j
100 E 120, N 210; also lot on NW cornet- of |
Twenty-second avenue and N street. W 107:6, .
N 100 W 12:6, N 100, E 12". S 200; $S9R.
Patrick and Bridget Dunleavy to hman. .
I i u teen & Co lot on S line of Randall street.
209 E of Palmer. E 25 by S 250, lots 8 and 9,
block 19, Fairmount; grant.
Alameda County.
Charles M MacGregor to J. C. Rogers, lot j
on S line of Prince street, 57:4 W of Harper,
W 35 by S 100, being portion of lots 1 and 2, :
block —, Central Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frank Sllva (executor estate of Giuseppe \
Vignolo) to William Toaspern, lot on s line \
oil Central avenue, ■40 E Of Caroline street, X j
30 lev S 125, being the E 10 feel of lot 167 and W
2u feet of lot 158. Encinal Park Tract. Alameda: -
$4'
1) P and D. W. Alden to Lydia Prescott. lot
on N ilne of Lydla street. 142:6 E of West, E
42-6 by N 80:4. being portion of lots 4 and ...
block F. Curtis & Williams Tract, subject to a I
mortgage for, $1300, Oakland; $487.
Edson F., Elizabeth W., John C. and Ernes
tine S. H. Adams, Julia P. A. and Thomas
Prather to David J. Finn, lot on E line of i
Poplar street, 160:2 N of Eighth, N 38 by E
115 being lot 11 and portion of lots 10 and 12,
block 649, Oakland: $10.
Christian and Caroline D. Socker to Home
stead Loan Association (a corporation), lot on |
W line of Eighth street, 150 S of University
avenue, S 25 by W 135, portion lot S, block '.'7.
Slsterna Tract. Berkeley; $1300.
Mabel E. Holland to Lowell J. Hardy Jr.. i
undivided fifth interest in lot on NW comer of
West First and Market streets. N 94 by W 12.".
Oakland: $10.
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Delia!
Gates .wife of Alvah). lots 46 and 47. block D.
Broadway Terrace Tract, Oakland Township;
I $10. -v
Mary A.. Maggie A., Joseph D., Emma J.,
George W.. Harry M. and Nellie W. Moffltt
to Frank J. Moffltt. lot on SE corner of Lydla
and West streets, E 100 by S 100. being lots
3 and 4. block K. Curtis and Williams Tract,
Oakland: $">•
Ellen L. and William W. Crane to Mary E. I
Crane, lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue, 200
NE of East Twenty-fourth street. NE 50 by SE \
150. block 150, Clinton. Last Oakland: $10.
Ellen L. an-i Mary E. Crane to William W. |
Crane, lot on NW line of Thirteenth avenue,
100 NE of East Twenty-fourth street, nf 55:9.
NW 124:6, SW 5:9. NW 6 Inches, SW 50, BE
125 to beginning, being block 150, same. East |
Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Walter M. Allen (owner) with J. T. Mclnnes
(contractor), architect D. V. Deuel- All work
for a cottage on N line of Liberty street, 255
W of Dolores. W 25 by N 114; $1694.
. '. Murphy (owner) with C. J. Antwiler (con
tractor and architect)— All work for a 1-story I
I and basement frame building on E line of j
■ Texas street, 175 S of Mariposa: $1450.
Montgomery Block Real Estate Associates j
(owners) with P. A. Antonelli (contractor).
; architect C. R. Wilson Carpenter, brick and
i mill work, tiling, "stairs, etc., for alterations
1 and additions to a 4-story and basement brick
! building known as Montgomery block, on SE
j corner of Montgomery and Washington streets,
■ E 122 by E 137:6; $6050.
Same owner with B. Ertola & "Co. (contract
! or.-), architect same —Plumbing for same on
i same; $1410.
I Same owner with W. L. Holman (contractor),
' architect same—Grill work, elevator machinery,
cage, .-opes, weights, annunciators, etc., for
same on same; $2150.
Same owner with Dan Leahy (contractor). :
architect same—Lathing, plastering and centers '
for same on same; $1095.
Same owner with D, Zelinsky (contractor), |
architect same— Painting, graining and varnish- ■
Ing for same on same: $1450.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters oteur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
AUCTION SALES. "
P. J. BARTH, auctioneer,
KET ST.. on TUESDAY. July 2... 1599. at 12
o'clock noon. - _-__-_,
I
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDA
un rises ™7
un sets c " .*-"- ' * m'
toon rises Rj ' p ' m -
.? Il^i Ft i— I Ft jTlmej Ft. (Time, Ft.
? IHWI ' L W| |H_Wi !L_W-
'■ 1_ nit! 5.9 7:01—0.4 1:55 5.5 7:2« 1.8
! •'" 1-30 65 7:45 0.2 2:34 6.6 8:29 1.5
f ■■•■" 2 ; 30 < 9 8:32 0.8 3:14 5.7 9:31 1.2
'■' 3 : 36 4 4 9:19 1.4 4:00 6.8 10:40 0.9
i •■•• 4*6 4-0 10:09 2.0 4:51! 5.8 11:52 0.3
) .'.'. 6:26| 3.5 11:05 2.5 ,.:4.. 5.9| I
0::
1:1
2::
3::
4::
6:
5.9
5.5
4.9
4.4
4.0
8 8
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th,
day in the order of occurrence as to time Th,
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha a
last tide of the day. except when there are but "_*
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
giver, are 'addltlc*ns to the soundings on th-»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane 0
reference is the mean of the lower low writer*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
| Du*.
Siam [Nanaimo 'July 2".
Coca Bay .Newport .JUi. ..
Rertha 'St. Mi -hnel '•'"'>• "'•
Areata [Coos Bay [July 2"
I'matllla ' • '■■• ■' * r*ugt I Sound • ■
Pomona 'Humboldt Uiilv "-
Aloha IPoint Arena lulj 26
Chas. Nelson. ..ISt. Michael (July 26
Corona San Diego IJuly 27
Czarina fuwi Sound ':• v
Samoa [Tacoma IJuly 27
Wellington [Departure Bay [July 2S
M ana Syuney '.. . <
Point Arena Point Arena July 24
City ol Peking, iihina and Japan ju.y ...
Columbia Portland ■ 'July 2>
Bonlta INewport [July 2 1 *
Curacao 'Mexico .' I.Tnlv " •
Weeott Humboldt luly 29
Washtenaw .... Tacoma '. luly 29
Coquille River. .[Grays Harb ir lu'y 3D
Gaelic China and Japan IJuly 30
City of Sydney. (Panama ' [July »i
City of Puebla. I Victoria ft Puget Sound 31
Crescent ..'Crescent City. |July "I
Santa Rosa San Pieeo — IJuly 31
North Fork Humboldt 'Aug. I
State California! Portland !.\ug. "I
STEAMERS TO SAIL
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Weeott [Humboldt July 2.". 2 pm|Pler 13
Santa Rosa San Diego July 25. 11 urn Pier 11
iv^lla Wall '■>'•'• * P<-t Sd. T.ilv " li'am'P'T '
Fulton Humboldt [July 26. 10 am Pier 20
Australia ..[Honolulu IJuly 24. - pm Pier I
Areata ..Cos Bav luly 26. 1" am ' '— 'I
America M. '' ft Japan July 26. 1 pmlPMSS
Aloha [Point Arena.. July 27. 3 pm'Pier 2
State of Portland luly 27. 10 amlPter 21
Coos Bay... INewnort .Tn'v °". « »aW
Colon ...... Panama IJuly 28. 12 m'PMSS
Pomona ...IHumboldt IJuly 28, 2 pm Pier 19
Homer St: Michael... July 29. 3 pmiPier 21
Corona San Diego IJuly 29, 11 Pier 11
TTmattlla ..Mr ft Pet Sd.'.Tulv 30, 10 am Pier » .
Pt Arena. .IPoint Arena.. IJuly 31, 2 pm Pier 2
Bo'nlta [Newport July 31. .9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..(Portland Aug. J. 10 am lpei» '21
City Peklng'China&JapanlAug. 1. 1 pmlFMSS
Steamer.
*■
TIME BALL.
I Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July "-i. U»9. '
\ The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
' building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I c. at noon of the 120 th meridian.' or at a
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time. ____-„
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. „
Monday. July 24.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 41 hours from
Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Morgan City, Lombard. 30 day? 15 hours
25 minutes .from Manila, via Nagasaki 22 days
20 hours 39 minutes, via Kobe 21 days 5 hours
i ? stmr State of California. Goodall. 'sl% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40 hours. -
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 35 hours from
j V Stmr a Crescent City, Stockfleth. 36 hours from
Crescent City*
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
rC Schr Maid of Orleanas. Johnson, 16 days from
r Schr B Mary Etta, Anderson, 30 hours from
Bowens Landing. Madsen. 36 hour, from
Schr Golden Gate. Madsen, 36 hours from
M in Corinthian. Korth. 34 hours from
Bowens Landing. .... - ■»-
Schr Antelope, Anderson, 5% days from Ne-
I h{ Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 40 hours from
; Fish Rock. _ , . , .
Schr North Bend, Palmgren, 6 days from
Grays Harbor. C __ AS _ J>^
Monday, July 24.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
! Goodall. Perkins & Co.
' stmr Walla Walla, cage. V ict"na and Port
I Townsend; Go -la!!. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Portland; Oregon Rail
| road and Navigation Co. „'-'',■_.'-_,
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen, Guayaquil, via Fort
! Bragg; W R Grace & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 24.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, Seattle.
i Stmr Sunol. Jacobs, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
I Stmr Cleone, Higeins. .
I Stmr Mackinaw, Ldttlefield, Tacoma.
! Stmr Empire. Nelson, Portland.
Br bark Moel Ellian, Owen, Queenstown. *
Bktn Robert Sudden. Killman, Puget Sound.
Schr Gem, Nelson. Coos Bay.
1 Schr Coquille River. Pearson, Coquille River.
CHARTERS.
' The Semantha loads wheat at Portland for
I Europe, S3s 9d. •
! The Star of Russia loads lumber on tha
! Sound for South Africa.
'KEN.
I June 11. lat 9 N. lon 26 W— Br ship Blyths-
I wood, from Liverpool, for Portland. ,
' June 22. lat 19 S, lon .IS AV— Br ship Tola,
| from Hull, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
I The Mexican stmr Kerrigan No 2 sailed from
: Santa Rosalia for San Rogue to hire any dls-
I c msolate miners that may be there to work
I in the copper mines at Santa Rosalia.
MEMORANDUM.
| Per schr Maid of Orleans, from Uyak Bay
July 24— Left in port at Uyak Bay bark Har
vester.
■ DOMESTIC PORTS.
! CASPAR— SaiIed July 23— Schr Maxim, for
I San -Francisco. ..„»,».
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 23— Ship
! John C Potter, fiom Honolulu.
HUENEME — Sailed July 2:; Stmr South
Coast, lor San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 24— Stmr New
: burg, for Seattle.
UMPQUA— Arrived July 19— Schr Lily. hen.
BAN DON— Arrived July 23— Schr Vo'.ante, hnc
1 July •*.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 24— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE -Sailed July 24— Stmr Newburg,
for Grays Harbor; stmr Humboldt, for Dyea;
stmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 21— Stmr Newburg, from Port
Gamble.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 24— Stmr Columbia,
hence July 22; stmr Signal, from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 24— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 24 -Stmr Sequoia, hence July 23.
USAL Sailed July 21— Stmr Navarro, for San
: Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived July 24— Br ship Ber
muda, from Newcastle. Aus: schr Sequoia, from
Pott Blakeley. iSß***?*!
Sailed July 24— Schr Mabel Gray, for Eureka.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 23— Schr J G Wall, for
San Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco; stmr Weeott, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 24— Stmr Pomona, hence July 23.
TACOMA— Arrived July 24— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence July 20; bark Big Bonanza, from
I Vladivostok.
Sailed July 24— Stmr City of Topeka. for
\laska. July 23— Stmr Olympla. for Hongkong.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed July 24— Stmr Scotia, for
I Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 24— Senr
John F Miller, hence July 10.
Sailed July 23— Schr Charles R Wilson, for
Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 22— Haw bark
Nuuanu, from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed July 21— Br ship
Musselcrag, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
NEWCHWANG— SaiIed July,, 22— Schr Lyman
D Foster, for Port Townsend.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed July 22— Stmr Curacao,
i for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— In port July 19— Br ships
Ben Dearg, Comllebank, Haytor, to sail in
i about in days for Puget Sound or Oregon.
To 5.,11 about July 28— Bktn Quickstep, for
I Grays Harbor: about July 30, schr Joseph Russ,
. for Port Townsend.
NANAlMO— Arrived July Nor stmr Tita
nla. from Tort Los Angeles.
Sailed July 23— Nor stmr Titania. for San
Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived July 23— Ship John A
Rriggs. from Delagoa Bay.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 23— Stmr Fried
j erlch der Grosse, for New York.CHRISTIAN WOMEN'S
BOARD OF MISSIONS
California Convention Opens in the
Pavilion at Garfield
Park.
SANTA CRUZ, July 24.— The Christian
[Woman's Board of Missions held its con
ventiOi. at Garfield Park to-day: At 8
o'clock a prayer meeting was led by Mrs.
Vira Durham of • Irvington. The conven
tion was called to order by the State
president Mrs. Mary J. Hartley of Berke
ley. The State officers are: President.
Mrs. Mary Hartley of Berkeley; vice
president. Mrs. Sue E. Irani of Wood
land; secretary. Mrs. H. M. Butler of Oak
land; superintendent of junior work. Mrs.
Henry Shadle of Sacramento; State or
ganizer, Mrs. Mary Hartley of Berkeley.
Mrs. S. S. Murphy of Red ' Bluff was ap
pointed secretary for the convention.
The first order of business was the ap
pointment of the following committees:
Enrol! ment— Miss 1.. Hughes, San Jose. Mrs.
L. J. Martin, Los Gatos.
Auditing — Mis? Mary Durham, Irvington;
Miss May Hathav.r.v. Oakland.
Resolutions— Mrs. Reed, Miss Mattie :ath!T,
Mrs. Dr. Magill; Sinta Cruz.
Nominating— Mrs. D. Thompson, Gridley;
Mrs. Allen. Vaeaville; Mrs. Wajrg-oner, Santa
Cruz: Mrs. Craigle Sharp Oakland.
Obituary— Mrs. W. H. Cray, roft, Fresno;
Mrs. Flmrle. Chico.
State work— Mrs. W. H. Martin, Fresno;
Mrs. J. H. Durham. Irvington; Mrs. Fran
thum Chico; Mrs. Mattie Proctor. I^s Gatos.
T'dings— Mrs. Pearson. Oakland; Mrs. J.
Truax, Santa Cruz; Miss F. Hammond, San
Jose.,
Reports were given from eleven auxil
iaries, all of whie-h were flourishing. The
reports from district managers were given
for Santrt Cruz district by Mrs Ell Fisher
of Salinas; for Sonoma district by Mrs.
Galloway of Santa Cruz; for Fresno dis
trict by Mrs. Mary Hartley of Berkeley;
The afternoon was given to tbe juniors,
and the little on«s gave a pleasing pro
gramme.
In the evening there were short ad
dresses by ministers who have been und^r
the employ of the Christian Women's
Board of Missions.
Christian Women Convene.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 24.— The annual
summer school methods of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union of Califor
nia opened a six days' session in thi As
sembly Hall at this place to-day. The
attendance was much larger than usual. >
The first session was held this evening, j
consisting of prayer service led by Mrs.
1,. M. Thomson, "ar.el an address by Dr.
A. M. Beeeher on "Uncle Turn, Past and
Present; from Slave to .Senator.' Many j
questions of vital moment to temperance !
work in California are to be considered
at this convent ion.
WANTED AT CHICAGO
FOR JURY-BRIBING
William Armstrong Traced by a
Woman to Port Angeles and
Captured.
PORT ANGELES. Wash.. July 24.—Will
iam Armstrong, who with Daniel Cough
lin is wanted in Chicago for jury bribing,
was captured here to-day.
A handsome looking stranger, well j
dressed and having plenty of money,
dropped into town about three weeks ago
He gave his name as Wilson and th? free
dom with which he scattered his money
made him many friends. He gave It out
that he had come to Port Angeles to In
vest in real estate, as he believed this 1
place had a fine future. About a week ;
ago he was Joined by a little .man whom
he claimed was his wife, and after her
arrival they were together constantly. ■
It is thought that he was traced by this
woman:
To-day's steamer brought Chief of De
tective? Cudihee of Seattle. With him was
a detective from Chicago, and they soon
had Mr. Armstrong in custody. He will
be taken back to Chicago to stand trial.
CHILD BURNED TO DEATH.
Plays With Eire and Its Clothing Is
ted.
VACAVIL.LE. July 24.-Florence Single- j
tary. aged 5 years, in company with a
playmate was trying to ignite some crude
sulphur in the rear of Attkisson & Reich- |
er's butcher shop«this afternoon. A SU'l- :
den gust of wind blew some blazing paper
on the child's light dress, which was in- j
stantly a mass of name?. The child ran
screaming toward her mother's residence. I
The attention of I. Blum was attracted. J
He caught the little one. covered her head
with the only available article at hand, !
his waistcoat, and tore the burning clothes j
from her body, badly burning his hands. ;
The child's body was one solid blister.
Little Florence, after suffering excru- I
cuiatlng pain for three and a half hours.
died: To-morrow would have been her
sixth birthday.
Assessments Increased.
WOODLAND, July 24.— The vlgllar.ee of
Assessor Dodge in San Francisco seems
to be bearing good fruit els. where, and
the Assessors in interior municipalities are
striving to emulate his example. In Wood
land Assessor Tilden has increased the as
sessment roll about $370,000 without rais
ing any assessment on real estate or inn
provements. This was accomplished by
assessing six and a half miles of railroad
that has heretofore escaped taxation for
school purposes, increasing th. telephone
company's assessment and assessing first
mortgage municipal and corporation bonds
held by the Bank of Woodland and not
heretofore assessed.
Napa Stabbing Affray.
NAPA. July 24.-Charles H. Blanchard.
an aged man. while intoxicated 1 -day got
into a dispute with John Neupfer, a sa
loon-keeper. As Neupfer rushed at him
Blanchard made a vicious stab with a
pocketknife. putting out one of his an
tagonist's eyes. nchard was arrested
and taken before a Justice, where he
waived preliminary examination and ex
pressed his intention to plead guilty and
go to the penitentiary for hi a crime.
Accused by a Woman.
WOODLAND. July 24.— Henry Sweitzer
of Capay Valley is to be rearrested upon
a charge of seduction. The complaining
witness is Miss Fannie 3towe, and the
warrant Is in the hands of the Sheriff.
Sweitzer was under arrest several weeks
ago, but Justice Norton of Gulnda dis
missed the charge.
Mrs. William Rockefeller has received
at --- country residence 200 Malmaison
carnations and ICO of the gold nugget va
riety. They came from Paris an I cost
$3000, which is at the average rate of $10
apiece.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Q*-»*M~M-+-f» ♦ ♦ t »♦♦♦♦♦■>♦♦♦ 40
t t
X YOU CAN FEEL ♦
i 10 % Cooler X
10 % Cooler!
: |
I THAN THE ♦
♦ THERMOMETER X
X By Using ■+
+ • Proper Food. X
I GRAPE-NUTS,
-♦- *♦■
X -Supply it. +
t> «f
04 +* ♦♦ M+ -M ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦•
HOT WEATHER MEALS AND
PERSONAL COMFORT.
Fruit of some kind should be used at
the breakfast during hot weather. Fol-
low this with a dish of four heaping
teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts, cold, and
treated with rich, cold cream. This
dish gives the staying qualities neces-
sary. Add a slice or two of entire wheat
bread, with a very little butter or
Grape-Nut Butter, which is a different
article than Grape-Nuts proper. Use
no meat for th.? hot weather breakfast.
Let meat appear but once a day during
this season of the year.
A little care in the selection of food
will help one through the heat of the
day in a way that will not easily be
forgotten. Price 15 cents per package, j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CAUGHT WIFE
AND LOVER IN
THEIR FLIGHT
Farmer Dutra Ac
cepts His Doom.
— ♦ —
WEDDED FIVE YEARS AGO
— ♦ —
COUPLE FLED TO THE NEIGH
BORING CREEK.
♦
After Hearing- From His Wife's Lips
That She Preferred Joe Foster
the Unhappy Farmer
Made No Trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 24.
Frank E. Dutra. a well-to-do farmer of
an Leandro. has lost his wife. She is only
IC', but has been his wife for five years,
arid he cannot understand why a young
woman should desire any greater diversity
ln life than is offered on a farm near the
thriving town of San Leandro.
Never did husband take a loss so philo
sophically. He knows his pretty black-
I
L A a, a .♦.♦:♦-•♦ »♦»♦»♦« ♦ ) ♦ »♦»♦»♦■»»»■♦»♦»»»♦ ♦♦•♦»♦-»♦•♦•♦»♦ • ♦ » O
Why Was BlacK Ryan's Great Annual Pleading Act Omitted T^is Year?
eyed Josephine loves another and ls now
enjoying the sunshine of his smiles, but
although he wept a little yesterday and j
to-day th- tears were of sorrow, and not
of anger. When he found th.- young wife
and her lover telling each other of their
affection in the dry bed of the creek near
his home he discussed the matter calmly
with them, expressed his regret that his
wife had left him and then wept that such
things should be. .
Until supper time last evening the Du
tra home was intact and happy. With the
hired men, Mr and Mrs. Dutra and her
sister were in the fields. About 1 o clock
Dutra toid his wife to go home and pre
pare the evening meal. About hall an -
hour later he followed, only to be told by
his sister-in-law that his wife had been
seenlgoing away with Joseph Foster, one
of the farm hands. _ j
Then there was a chase. Dutra wanted
to hear from his wife's own lips that she :
loved him not. After half an hours
search he found the guilty couple in the
. ... . _ He did not make any fuss when
he learned that she wanted to be free of
him He shed tears, and so did the young
wife He told her that she must choose
between him and the farm hand, and she ;
cho=e "Joe" Foster. According to the ,
story told to-night by the sister-in-law.
the "little meeting in the creek must have
been unique in the annals of romance. |
When it was over Dutra went to San
Leandro and his wife, watching her op
portunity, stole into her late home and
procured her clothing.
At 10:30 last night the young wife and
her lover took an electric car for Oakland,
and the elopement was complete.
—
A MYSTERY'S SOLUTION.
J. T. Campbell May Have Committed
Suicide at Seattle.
SEATTLE, July 24.— A letter addressed
"To Whom It May Concern," found on
the water front last night, leads to the
belief that J. T. Campbell of Berkeley,
Cal., ended his life by drowning himself.
The' letter, after stating that Campbell j
did. not know how or when he came to
this city, concluded as follows:
"I shall end my life on this earth by
dropping my body in the bay with the
hope that it will never be recovered."
BERKELEY, July 24.— foregoing
telegram is thought to clear up the mys- i
tery over the disappearance of a Berkeley j
man of that name.
Until within a month ago John T. j
Campbell was employed as a special offi
cer to patrol the grounds of the Univer- i
sity of California. His family, consisting
of a wife, son and daughter, reside in
the university town. Campbell left this
city one day to walk to the house of some
relatives in Niles. For some reason, yet
unexplained, he never reached the latter
place, although Scarcely a day's walk
from here. His friends and relatives held
grave apprehensions that possibly he had
met with foul play on the road, but no
traces of his body nor any clew as to
his whereabouts have reached the family
since he left home. -; : "
The news from Seattle only leaves the
mystery of his wanderings alt the deeper. i
Previous to starting he showed no sign ;
of any mental derangement or of any
thing that would indicate that he had
not full control of all his faculties. His
friends here can think of no motive which
would be likely to have headed him for
Seattle as he has no relatives there.
Campbell was about 50 years of age
and of medium stature. His hair was
gray, also his beard, and his face had a '.
ruddy complexion. He habitually wore a j
dark serge suit and was so attired on i
leaving home. j
. ♦ ■ . I
A Saloon Man's Delusions.
OAKLAND. July 24.— John Thommen.
proprietor of the saloon at &53 Washington '
street, was arrested to-day on a charge
of insanity, but his examination before
the Lunacy Commissioners was postponed j
until next Wednesday, for it is believed
that he is suffering from the aftermath of j
an over-indulgence in whisky and lack of '
food. He believes that his application for
a liquor license pending before the Super- ■
visors is a document on naval affairs i
THE SAX ERAS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25. 1899.
which he is to get from the British Con
sul.
FOUGHT LIKE FIENDS
WITH BARE KNUCKLES
OAKLAND, July 24.— details of a '
bloody fight with bare knuckles, lasting
over half an hour, have just come to light.
The duel was fought a few evenings ago
between George Janvrin, aged 27 years,
and Dick Hallahan, aged 22, a son of j
"Mike" Hallahan of the Second Ward. |
The battle, it is said, was the climax of
a grudge the two young men bore each
other, and was fought in a lot quite thick
ly grown with trees at Twenty-second
and Market streets, and was witnessed by
nearly seventy spectators, friends of the
parties, who had been let into the secret.
There were no gloves, no referee and no
rounds, but at the end of about half an
hour, after a desperate encounter. Jan
vrin fell to the ground exhausted, and
Hallahan was cheered as victor of the
day, although he had lost three teeth.
Janvrin's face was badly beaten and cut.
SLEPT ON A HOT BED.
Watchman on the Monitor Camanche
Narrowly Escapes Roasting.
OAKLAND, July 24.— One of the watch- j
men on the old monitor Camanche had a ;
narrow escape last night from being j
burned to death. The old hulk is still on
fire in the estuary, and it if estimated !
that another day must pass before all the !
Interior woodwork will be consumed.
Last evening the Camanche's purchasers
started fires In several parts of the hold |
for the purpose of disposing of the heavy i
woodwork in the hold, which is so secure
ly fastened that it would not pay to dis
mantle it with labor. After starting the I
fires the hulk was towed Into the middle j
of the estuary, where the woodwork is
still burning. Last night one of the watch- j
men on board lay down for a short rest
some distance from where the woodwork
was on fire. He reckoned that he would
have plenty of time to wake up before
the tire should reach where he was reclin
ing. His reckoning was greatly at fault,
for the flames worked around him quicker
than he anticipated. He was in the mid
dle of fire and his clothes were already
smoldering when a loud toot from a pass
ing steamer awoke him Just in time to
save his life.
Brothers Charged With Robbery.
OAKLAND, July 24.— William and An
drew Webber, who were arrested on a
charge of battery last night preferred by
Wong Ching were to-day charged with
robbery. The Chinaman claims that the
two brothers attacked him last night at
Seventh and Webster streets, one Knock
ing him down and the other relieving him
of $10. The accused broth, aver that
they had trouble with the Celestial over a
dog", and -hey deny the robbery. They
will be arraigned to-morrow.
A Word That Meant Much.
OAKLAND. July 24.— George T. Morris
filed an amended answer to-day in the
suit brought against him by J. R. Farris
for the recovery of money due on a prom
issory note for $200. with Interest at 6 per
cent per month and dated July 8, 1896. De
fendant avers that plaintiff well knew
when the note was delivered that the
word ■'month" Instead of "annum" was
mistakingly written in the note. Morris
consents that Judgment be taken for In
terest on the note at 6 per cent per an
num. _'' _
Death of Mrs. Julia Bert.
OAKLAND, July 24.— Mrs. Julia Bert
died at the home of her son. ex-State Sen
ator Eugene F. Bert, 1410 Adeline street.
this city, last night. She was aged 79
years.
_ 1 ■♦ »
Hinchman-Cook Wedding.
ALAMEDA, July 24.— Miss Helen Hinch
man and Walter Cook were married at
noon to-day at the home of the bride's
mother. Mrs. B. M. Hinchman, 1566 Ev
erett street. Rev. T. J. [.;!'•' of Christ
Episcopal Church officiated.
The bride was attended by her nieces.
Misses Margery and Lucretla Mastick.
Her sister Miss Gertrude Hinchman, was
maid of honor. W. B. Hinchman. the
bride's brother, was best man, and she
was given away by her mother. The
groom is connected with the auditing de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the bride is well known in Ala
meda society circles. Mr. and Mrs. Cook
will spend their honeymoon in the north
ern part of the State.
Crushed Under a Flywheel.
ALAMEDA, July 24.— Mart io Delucci,
foreman for GUgloni & Co.. vegetable
gardeners at Bay Island farm, had hi.
head crushed beneath the flywheel of a
gasoline engine to-night and may die from
his injuries. He regained consciousness
before being removed sufficiently lo tell
how the accident had happened. He had
struck his foot on a plank while walking
toward the engine, falling forward hl_
head Ftruek on the rapidly revolving fly
wheel, which drew him beneath it and
literally ground his head beneath it and
the floor. Dr. Sander states that the skull
is fractured and there is a depression on
the orain. His recovery is doubtful.
Disbandment of Mackenzie Party.
ALAMEDA, July 24.— From a letter re
ceived here by Mrs. Daniel Mackenzie it
is learned that the Mackenzie party of
gold hunters from this city had disband
ed at St. Michael. The river steamer
Leota. which was built here for the party.
has been offered for sale there. Most of
the members of the expedition have gone
to Cape Nome.
Death of R. E. Manson.
ALAMEDA, July 24.— E. Manson
died this evening at the home of his
son. 1G25 San Jose avenue. He was a na
tive of Virginia, aged S6 years. He was
formerly a prominent attorney. He ..eaves
four children— Dr. Marsden Manson, Sal
lio A., Mary E. and N. J. Manson.
■ ♦ » ■ —
Though in the torrid zone, Peru pos
sesses such a diversity of elevations and
climatic peculiarities as to be able to
produce almost any product known to
man.
FINANCIAL AND
OTHER TROUBLES
WERE HIS RUIN
| Suicide of Charles D.
O'Gara.
— ♦■ —
| MISSING SINCE WEDNESDAY
— ♦ —
i HIS DEAD BODY FOUND IN BEAR
I OF HIS SALOON.
■»
Went Into an Outhouse and Sent a
Bullet Crashing Through His
Brain — Motives for the
Deed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 24.
The body of Charles D. O'Gara. who had
been missing from his home, 371 Fifth
street since last Wednesday, was found
this afternoon in a closet at the rear of
his saloon, corner of Franklin and Sev
enth streets, with a bullethole through
his temples.
The saloon had remained closed alnce
last Wednesday night, and Mrs. O'Gara
was under the Impression that her hus
band had left the city for a few days,
as he said he had intended doing last
Tuesday when she returned from a few
weeks' "outing in the country. Receiving
no letter from her spouse. Mrs. O'Gara
visited the saloon, and, finding It locked
and apparently deserted, she requested
Officers Arnest and Morrison to investi
gate. The officers broke the pane In the
glass door on the Seventh-street side of
the place, and, quickly making an
inspection, found the dead body of
the missing man in the closet.
By his side lay a .'""-caliber revolver.
His shoes had been removed and
were found near a table in the barroom,
while his hat. tie and collar lay on a
table in the cardroom. A note was found
giving a reason for the suicide, which
was probably committed some time after
midnight on Thursday morning.
Mrs. O'Gara stated that she knew of no
justification for her husband's Act. but
those who were close friends of the de
ceased attribute the suicide to financial
and family troubles. Only about a month
ago O'Oara'a saloon was attached by the
Sheriff for $307 in the suit of Mrs. Mary M
Brockhage brought against the deceased
as bondsman for M. T. Dusinbury. E. 11.
liac-k-tt was also bondsman, and both
had refused to satisfy the guarantee of
the bond. As a result most of O'Gara's
stock and fixtures had been taken by the
Sheriff.
Friends of the deceased assert that
when Mrs. O'Gara learned of the attach
ment on her return she upbraided her
spouse for having got into financial
straits; also that she scolded on account
of a published statement to the effect
that Mrs Charles Grimm of Alameda,
who had deserted her little children to go
to a carousal, had been a visitor to his
saloon. Since then O'Gara began drink
ing heavily, finally ending his troubles by
sendlng a bullet through his head.
The remains were taken to the Morgue
and Coroner Mehrmann will hold an in
quest to-morrow night.
Deceased was a native of Ireland, aged
37 years. He had taken quite a prominent
part in local Democratic politics. During
the last municipal campaign he was a
candidate for the nomination of Council
man at large. He was a first cousin of
Mike O'Gara. the Democratic politician.
He leaves a widow and three children.
. ♦ .
REFUSES TO PROSECUTE.
George Hansen Wants His Assailant
to Go Free.
MILL VALLEY. July George Han
sen, the man who was shot yesterday
evening by Henry Collins of Sausalito.;
is still in a precarious condition, but Dr.
Spottlswood, who is attending him, is
hopeful of his patient's recovery. The ]
wounded man will say nothing regarding
the cause of the quarrel other than that
both he and Collins had drunk too much
liquor. Whether he recovers or not, he'
is desirous that Collins shall escape
prosecution.
District Attorney Mclsaac came here
from San Rafael to-day to investigate the
circumstances surrounding the commis
sion of the deed. Collins, who' was taken
before Recorder Simpton at Sausalito and
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon with intent to commit murder,
has been released on bonds in the sum of
$10,000. '
- •
Valuable Horse Stolen.
SAN RAFAEL, July 24.— A valuable
horse belonging to Mr. Murray, the stable
man, was stolen at Fairfax yesterday.
Joseph Martini, a wealthy farmer, took
a buggy and drove the horse to Fairfax,
leaving it in a stable. When he returned
the buggy remained but the animal was
gone, and no clew to its whereabouts has
been detected. This is the third time a
horse has been stolen in this county with
in six weeks. v. 1 ;:
Ripley Nearing Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. July 24.— President E.
P. Ripley of the Santa Fe Railway and
party, among whom is J. M. Barr, third
vice president of the Santa Fe, are due
here to-morrow from the East. It Is
stated matters in connection with the Val
ley road, recently acquired by the Santa
Fe. bring officials to the coast- . -o
YOUNG CORBETT LOSES
TO BILLY ROTCHFORD
Makes a Game Showing in His First
Fight Against a Top
notcher.
■DENVER. July 24.-Billy Rotchford of
Chicago, who claims the world's bantam
weight championship through his tight
with Pedlar Palmer of England some time
ago, was given the decision over "Young
Corbett of Denver at the end of the
twentieth round before the Colorado Ath
letic Association to-night. It was an
nounced at the beginning that the bout
was for the bantam-weight championship
of the West. Rotchford received the -_c
cislon through his aggressiveness and
superior cleverness. Even then it was
said by many present he was not at his
usual fighting speed.
Corbett was game and displayed remark
able recuperative powers. , He was worn
and groggy several times, but would sud
denly recover his strength and agility and
force Billy to assume the defensive. Th.s
is really the only first-class man Corbett
has ever met In the fighting arena and
although he exhibited neryouenaß at
first hi soon discovered that Bo^if™/
blows did not do him very great damage ,
and he took punishment without fi inch
ing. He was unable to counter \er> suc
cessfully on Billy, and his swings were
invariably disastrous, enabling Rotchfora
to duck and uppercut with force.
Young Corbett was several pounds over
weight the agreed limit being 120 .pounds,
and Rotchford did not tip weighed
in this afternoon. His weight was i *.ari
ouslv stated to be from 113 to IK pounds,
while some said Corbett tipped the beam
close to 125 pounds. Billy Woods the of
ficial referee of the club, served in that
capacity to-night. Two thousand persons
witnessed the bouts. There WM a W
amount of money up on the Rotcn.ora-
Corbett fight at odds of 2 to 1. 
The preliminary was between Faddy
Malonev of San Francisco and Jimmy
Coogan of Denver, ten rounds. In the
first three rounds honors were divided.
The fourth, fifth and sixth were Molo
ney's. He put several hard Jolts to the
head and body and blocked well. The
seventh was a furious one. Coogan Parted
the flesh under Maloney s right _ eje,
bringing the blood, and later started It
flowing from Maloney'S nose by a hard
right jab on that member. In the eighth
and ninth Maloney seemed to get the*- bet
ter of the mix-ups, which were many.
Honors were even in the tenth both being
cautious, and the referee called It a draw.
Walcott and Choynski May Eight.
NEW YORK. July 24. — Thomas
O'Rourke to-day got a telegram from
"Bat" Masterson, manager of the Colo
rado Athletic Club at Denver, asking if
Walcott would undertake to stop Choyn
ski in six rounds. The proposal was sud
den. O'Rourke replied that six rounds
was rather a brief period in which to
trim Choynskl and asked If the latter
would extend the limit to twenty round-.
Saved From a Knockout.
NEW YORK, July 24.— At the Coney
Island Sporting Club to-night George
Bvers of Boston met Charley Strong of
Newark in a twenty-flve-round go. Tne
referee stopped the fight in the tenth
round, when Strong, who had fought
pluckily, was all but out.
ARGUING EOR AN OFFICE.
Contest for the Nevada Governorship
Nears the End.
CARSON, Nev.. July 24.— Argument In
I the Governorship contest opened in the
Supreme Court this morning. Although
many weeks were consumed in the filing |
of testimony by McMillan and Sadler, the
argument will occupy only two days. The ■
: attorneys are sandwiching their testi
mony each taking a point of law and the
respective opponent answering. The main i
argument is over the red line ballots cast
in Storey County. Washoe County regis-;
tration occupies considerable time. The i
case hinges on two contested precincts.
Should either precinct be thrown out -
Sadler will have a larger majority than
before. _', i_ . .
Both sides submitted tabulated state
ments regarding ballot- objected to during
the trial. According to these statements,
■ Nevada has two Governors, as both claim
majorities without awaiting the action of
the court. The argument will close to
morrow. "
WORK OF EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Board of Control Sits in Indianapolis
and Hears Reports.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 24.— The board of
control of the Epworth League met at 10
o'clock to-day to hear reports and con
sider matters pertaining to the league.
Bishop W. X. Ninde of Detroit, president
of the board, presided. The report of Rev.
Edwin A. Schell, general secretary of the
Epworth League, was submitted.
Rev. F. L. Nagler of Cincinnati. German
assistant secretary of the league, present
ed a report of th,.- German branch.
A report of the league's work among the
colored people was presented by the col
ored secretary, Rev. Irvine G. Perm of
Atlanta. Ga.
Th. board will probably be in session
three days.
■••
Bible Study at Twin Lakes.
SANTA CRUZ, July 24.— Twin Lakes
has a larger crowd this summer than ever
before, and the Summer Bible School has
a very good attendance. To-day's work
commenced with a Bible class for the
boys and girls, conducted by Rev. D. P.
Ward. State Sunday-school missionary of
the Baptist churches, and Mrs. B. F.
Farmer of Anderson. At 3 o'clock Rev.
Robert Whittaker of Oakland gave his
second address on the "Studies of the Life
of Jesus." At 4 o'clock another study
was given by Rev. B. F. Farmer of An
derson on "Types of the Bible." At 5
o'clock, just at the close of day, a delight
ful vesper service was held. This even
ing "Lo, the Poor Indian," was the sub
ject of an interesting lecture by Rev. T.
S. Young of San Jose.
Dragged to Death by a Horse.
SAN JOSE, July 24.— Clarence W. Bur
rell, son of Edward Burrell, a pioneer res
ident of Agnews, was this afternoon
dragged to death by a horse. He was
exercising the animal and had one end
of a* twenty-inch rope wound around his
arm, the other end being about the
horse's neck. In some way he was thrown
down, and, being unable to extricate nim
self from the rope, he was kicked and
dragged until life was extinct. He was
35 years of age.
♦-
Annie Duley Very Low.
SAN ANSELMO, July 24.— Annie Duley,
the 16-year- old daughter of Frank Duley,
proprietor of a coal yard at Thirteenth
and Mission streets. San Francisco, who
was accidentally shot by her younger
brother yesterday, is lying very low and
could not be removed to St. Luke's Hos
pital to-day, as was intended. It is
thought it would be fatal to her to probe
for the bullet at this time.
Young Hunter Shoots Himself.
VISALIA. July 24.— Walter Crow, the 19
--year-old son of Mrs. A. R. Orr of this
city, accidentally shot himself while hunt
ing in Big Meadows yesterday evening.
The bullet took effect in the left side of
the body. The accident occurred at a
point ten miles distant from medical
assistance. The boy is dangerously
wounded.
Killed at Simpson's Camp.
CRESCENT CITY. July 24.— A young
man named Parks, from Humboldt Coun
ty, was killed at Simpson's logging camp,
near this city, two days ago. A dog from
a logging chain broke loose and hit Parks
in the stomach, injuring him so badly that
he died within a few hours. • - .. -
Grain Stack Destroyed.
GILROY, July 24.— A grain field fire in
Canada Valley last evening destroyed a
grainstack belonging to the H. D. Martin
estate, valued at $250 and Insured for one
half. It is supposed to have been caused
by the carelessness of hunters.
Cutting Down Chenery Street.
" By the reconstruction of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Electric Railroad
from Thirtieth street to Holy Cross, over
which a double track is being laid, Chen
cry street grade will be lowered about six
feet at its summit. When the street levels
were taken by the railroad's engineer it
was found that the street between Castro
and Dame was above grade in some
places as high as eight feet. To get an
established grade, together with -a wait
for steel rails, is what has delayed the
company so long in putting down its
double tracks. Now that both these ob
stacles have been overcome the work of
reconstruction is being pushed with rapid
strides and the double track is now laid !
from Thirtieth along Chenery as far as
Diamond or the entrance to Glen Park,
into which it will be extended in due time. '
FISTIC ARGUMENTS
BETWEEN MERCHANTS
A TALE TOLD IN WHISPERS ON
'CHANGE.
Henry Cahen of the California Fruit
Company and Frank Johnson
of the Johnson-Locke
Company Clash.
There was a clash of business Interests
on California street the other day thai
set the tongues of the commercial dis
trict wagging good naturedly.
The collision was between the Johnson-
Locke Company and the California Fruit
Company. The principals were Henry
Cahen. manager of the last named cor
poration, and Frank Johnson. The clash
was one of fists and not of finances and
occurred in a well-known cafe frequented
by business men during the noon hour.
There are many conflicting tales told of
the affray. Some say no blows were
struck; others that Frank Johnson "put
it all over" i.- adversary; others again
that Mr. Cahen offered a vigorous and
successful defense.
They met in the cafe at 120 California
street at noon. Mr. Johnson, according
to a popular version of the story on
Change, asked Mr. Cahen whether he
Mr. Cahen) had dared to say that he
(Mr. Johnson) had an entire absence of
principle Mr. Cahen is said to have re
plied 'hat he never made such a remark.
Mr. Johnson is reported to have insisted
that he did.
Thereafter, say the tellers of the tale,
Mr. Johnson caused the flush of a coun
ter irritation to Hood Mr. Cahen's lace,
and followed up the open-hand argument
by closing his fists and belaboring hi;
adversary ad libitum. Then friends
stepped in, the combatants were separated
and have since then never spoken to each
other as they have passed by along the
great commercial thoroughfare of the
town.
Now this Is only one of the stories told.
There are others. But they unite in sav
ing that there was a row, that hot words
ensued and that at least some effort was
made by Mr. Johnson and Mr. Cahen to
punish each other without due process
of law, using those means provided for
In the economy of the human anatomy.
Even the date of the battle is in doubt.
Pome say it occurred last AY ednesday.
Mr. Cahen says it took place several
weeks ago, and declares that he not only
has no marks of the fray, but that he
has forgotten the time, the place, and
even the circumstance. -,. - .
"Mr. Johnson and I, said Mr. Cahen
last evening, "did have a little misunder
standing, but— pshaw! there were no
blows struck. I certainly was not hit.
It was not an affair of the heart, nor one
arising out of business relations which
caused the late unpleasantness. It was
entirely a personal matter. I really do
not desire to discuss it. Mr. Johnson and
I have remedied our differences and are
friends. The whole matter is dead and
buried." .  ,
Here again the Inevitable genius of
rumor steps in to gainsay the responsible
statement of one of the principals, for on
the street it is declared that whereas Air.
Johnson and Cahen were always In the
habit of sharing together their midday
meal, Mr. Johnson still lunches at the
scene of the late alleged battle, while Mr.
Cahen dines at another restaurant where
Mr. Johnson is not.
At any rate, an armistice has been de
clared, for hostilities have not been re
sumed since the date of the first conflict.
Mr Johnson is in the country and his
side of the story is yet to be related.
Hamburg is still the wealthiest city in
Germany. There are as many as 136,872
payers of income taxes, although all those
whose income is under 900 marks are ex
empt. __________-_-____-_-_.
•pATTT-OATI TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
TO—
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
— —
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
A G. P. A., *• G. P A.,
St. Loots. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET -OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. IS9:>.
WEEK DATS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:39
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S.F. to Summit and- Return, tl 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market CL I
KAILEOAD TBAVEL.
MriHKRJI I- 4 CI riO co-fiPAST.
(PACIFIC RTirrHi.)
Traias lrnrr r»ii«l ure Une lo nrrlve aft
MAM riIANC'INCO.
(Main Line. Foot cf Market Street)
LBATB — Fbos* Jl-xe _>, 1309. — A-mrr.
TiOOa Benlda Sui-uu and Sacramento 3: -Or
7:«oa Marrsrille. OrosilleaDd Holding »ia
Woodland _.-
T:OOa Flrxira. Vacarille Rnmsey...... »•_•»*
7i_«AMartinex, San Uamon. Vallejo. Napa. _
Callstoga and Santa 80a.... „,2 P
iiOO* Athmtic Kxpress, < 'gdei. and But.. »:-»*
SiIIWa Hau Joae, tlrcrmore. Stockton,
lone, Bacraii:-ut», riacer-ule,
M.rysTi:^. Chico. i>-' ISliilf _-''' r
»:'tOA "Milton. Oakdale and Sonora. 4:13-
-•:80a Yos-.tnlte Valley Tla Oikdale and
Chinese •- .f_f'»
•iOOa Hajwarc-3. "Ni'les and Way Stations. 1 1:43*
•tOO a Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
MactuaiH Kresno l»:l»»
•■OOa Fresno, DakecsfteH Banta I', ir'mra,
Los Angeles, Deming, El P_w,
New Orleiu* and East 2.2 F
1 0:00 YalleK Martinez and Way Stations _»*»*
1 1 :«»Oa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. 2:13r
l-:«U_ Niles, Lirerrcore. Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendcta. Hat.l ird. V'isalia.
PcrterTille S_lZ*
•ItOOp S«re«uento lllfer Steamers •fi:»i»p
•tOOp Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. 3:13-
-4: OOp Martinez, Baa Ilanioii, V»llejo.
Napa, t.'-list i^.\. Santa 0:13*
-Ci-Or Benicia, VacaTille, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MnrysTllle. Ororille IO:4.1«
<t:SOp San J.cseaiid Stockton 7:l.*»P
«:_op Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:13»
5:-»opTho Owl. Tracy. Kresno. Bakers-
field. Saagus for Santa Barbara.
Les Angeles »:«A
••Mr .Stockton, Merced. Fresno I8:l0r
1:30? Martinez, Tracy, MumloU. Vrvtato.
M.,)a»o and l.os Ang«lrt S:43a
t.SIIF Hmtci Km Itoute. Atlantic Impress
for Mojiito and Real 6:13-*»
••••8 r Chicago-San Fr__ci3Co.-Spvc:aL< > *—>
and i:a*t * s4 ? F
•:OOr Haywarda. Nilea and Ha:, Jose •.J*
•5:00 r Vallejo 1 8: 1 5»
7:OOp Oregon l-'i|iresa,Sacrainctit.i, Marys-
»!lle. Red-line, Portland, I'nget
Sound and East 7: »3A
t<t:»Op Vallejo. Port testa and Way Bta-
J tic-ens U5222
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <laii p).
(Footcf Ma rL-ct Street.) m
17:43* Hanta Cruz Eicirsion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stationa JSiOS*
Newark. Cent-mlle. San. !.»:>. Frl'cjn.
BouJderCirck.^antaOruzsiid Way
Stations 3:30»
••ilSp Newark, Centerrille, San .lose, New
Almaden. Felton. l'.r,u!,l.'r Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ■'»:"»
•lilSpSan Joj«. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion*. »:80A
Ml 1 Felton. Santa Cruz and Way t-n,-
-; tlons /9:80»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frssSi't fltlClSCO— Foot if Kirmt Street fScn 8) —
•7:18 9:00 11.-OOa.k. JWO '-■'.'. t3:09
•4:00 tS:C3 *6-.:3i-.M.
frsiaCiaiSß— "*oet sfßrataw.;.— "fi:oo 8:00 10:00*.it.
■i ____ -1:00 13^03 *3:53 MM _________
COAST 01 VIMON (8r0«46a-«*).
(Thirl and Toy. usr aU)
*9tlfHt Ooean View. Booth Han Krancisco.. *6:30»
•7:««)a 9m Jc?e and Way Stall « (New
Almad'-n Wednesdays only) *S:OOa
<r7:BOA Sunday Kxc;!reloi tra Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grore ord l"rincipaJ Way
Stations J9:»»
•i*6« Han .lose, tits I'.'ccos, Santa Crnz,
Paciiic Orcivc?. Paso Rcct.i.s. Baa
Luis O.jispo. Surf. Ixxnpoc and
Principal Way Stations. 4:IOr
■ •:40a San .lose and Way Stations «•.!»*
lI:3Ua Ban Jose and Way Stations Lao*
•2:43pfian Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Pa'o Alto. Santa Clara. Ban .!-•<!.
Hollister. Sauta Or..*. Salinas,
Montoreytud Tac-ltic Grore .... '10:364
*8(30r SanJuse. Santa Cruz, Paclfio Oro»e
au<l Principal Way SUtioiiS "7:30p
■»e#tlßrB«nJoao and Principal Way Stations »'4.*J ..
*3:oOp6anJoseaod Principal Way Stations "8*334
8:30r San Jose Principal Way Statious •»:<•<»*
0:30p Ban Josoand WHvSracini:s 8:30p
tll:4."»p San .1 M .i.,d Way Si-ti..M« t7:3Qp
A f.-r Morning. 1* for Afternoon
•Sunday excepted I Sunday only. 1 Saturday onlji
tbatuiday and Sued— y- /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
J_j H cf-" I ****--*— _ J^ i r* 4 }
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC*
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market 6"*.
BAN FRANCISCO .TO BAN* RA_"AEI_ |
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:<» a. m. ; 12.SS,
t:S6, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trlw
at U:JO p. m. Saturdays— E:;tra tripa at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:20, 11:00 a. m.; 1-SO, 3:3^
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
■WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 13:41,
■ 1:40, £:_. p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
|-SS and 6:3"- p. m.
SUNDAYS- 6:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 8:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m. '■
Bet-ween San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
■ante schedule as above. j
I ■ — i
Leave l Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
' . , April 16, !- ->-\ —■ — !
Week Sun- I»*9. I £•-_,- Week I
Days. days. Destination. ' days. 1 Days. ;
T:3O am -loCamj Novato, 30:40 am 8:40 an.
8:80 pm. 9:30 am: Petaluma, ; 6:03 pm 10:2; am,
8:16 pm 5:00 pm Santa Iv.ta. 7:35 pm 6:10 p_k
i Fulton, J
1 M am Windsor, 10:25 a_»
I Eealdsburg-, '
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1: 80 pm 8:00 any Gloverdale, 7:53 pm 6:20 vai
:80 am i Hopland and [ 10:25 ami
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm,
. ■ 1 *
1:*» am) 10:35 ana
j 8:00 am GuerneTllle. i 7:35 pm
8:30 pm( ) 6:20 pn
T:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am; 8:40 an«
and j
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pmj 6:20 pnu
T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an»
8:30 pmi 5:00 pmi i 7:38 pm 6:20 pro!
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton,
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Bprinjrs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopi
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Leak-s-
-port and Bartlett Springs: at Cklah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potte' Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
Bonneville, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs,
! Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
I Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonville, Crna^
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid-*,
' H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599. _ , __,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:4."., 3:20, 4:00, tM. 6:30 p. m. ■_■.-
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. •3:00. *10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a.
m.: 1:00. "1:43. •2:30. *4:00. 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— S.2'. •6:40. 7:55. 8:40. '10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. "3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdajs
and Saturday?, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m
SUNDAYS— "*:00. 1:*. •»:«. •£:*
a. m.; 1:00. 2:2.). '3:30. -3:15. •6:00. 7:00, 10:15
: P Tra'lns marked (•) run to San u 4 nt ,J">-T_--
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO^
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:50. i :sa. S:sa. 10:3*
a m.; 12:33, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
; and Saturdays, nt 7:00. 10:20 P. m. .. „
SUNDAYS - 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a m.; 12:0o.
1-20 '-40 3:65. 6:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
I 1 '' " * THROUGH TRAINS.
! 7-00 a m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
s'.-'O d m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
6-15 D m week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
• •00 a m Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m.' Sundays— Reyes and way sta' ns.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1593, trains will run a3 follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
! passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday I ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exo'ptd I Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am' Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 ami ♦:•« pm Merced ! 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9:3"" am 2:42 pm
11:38 am! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield ; 2:0-" am 11:00 am
11:55 am 6.25 pm. Visalla | 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:13 pmi 6:53 pmi Tulare ' 5:50 am l:0o pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
j inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St..
! San Francisco. _^^^^^^^^^^^^^
a Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KEABN XT. Established
In 185- for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lest Manhood. Debility or
disease waarlngou bodyand mlndand
Skin L.;-~!_3e_ The doctor cures when
other- Try him. Charges low.
CerF«i;Bsraat:eed. QJlorwrlto,
Dr. -J. _•'. mI «-**»>" i Bait 1-57, x»ui laaciacok
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery -treet.
corner Clay; open until 3:30 o'clock.
IS7 Haves street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 clock
»ls Larkln street; open until 9:30 clock.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o'clock.
300 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
SEJ6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 3 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES:. - I
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., ft
will meet Tills (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING, Jul} 25. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M., "J^y\
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. • >' order /-W t
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN* Gate Lodge No. SO. F. and A. •
M. -Called meeting THIS (TUESDA-) -Jg%-
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D. 2. /9V_K
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary*. /V >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. nnd A. •
M. 121 Eddy st., meets THIS EVEN- ,_»4_
ING, 7:20. 2 D. JtLX
GEORGE PENLINQTON, Pec. f^T^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A- m
M.— F. C. degree THIS (TUESDAY* __§__,
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /£_3\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /~>'
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. <^-_#4Uc_fc.
Installation THIS KVEKliiG: £__7__S___\
J. A. WELLS. N. G. -^r /lt[^s~
U. A. O. D.— Hesperian Grove No. 15 — _ft_
To tbe officers and members of the £?>_
above grove: You are requested to J6 - 4 " L
attend a special meeting to be held j
TUESDAY, July 25. 1599, tip. m., from
Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter st., for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our deceased
brother. H. R. MORTON. P. N. Q. A. In- ;
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. By order
C. W. ISAACS, N. A.
J. J. MOLLISON, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of tbe Waldeck Sanatorium will be held
at 717 Jones st. TUESDAY EVENING. Au-
gust 1, at 8:30 o'clock.
ELMER E. KELLY. M.D., Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market St., Sin Francis-
co. Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, l^'.'K. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will closd :
on SATURDAY. July 29, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNEAL meeting The Risdon Iron and Loco- J
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholder: of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees tor the j
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the j
meeting, will lie held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard 1
sts., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August, 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m. - •
L. R. MEAD.I Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporat'ons & firms, re..
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. , I
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma- .
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and county Attorney) have
r.icve.l their law offices to the Parrott build-
leg, 625-855 Market St.; tel. South 215. .
ADVICE free: divorce lav „ laity; private; ,
no fee without success; collections, G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 650 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. ■
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation -■■... -■■■..» in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor. •
ATLAS 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny suites, single r.. reas.: board optional. ■
O'FARRELL, 742 Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents. '
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
pq.—uestaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches, j j
SUNNY home for children, near school; large
grounds: mother's care; $5 to $1" per month. !
MISS WILSON. 13S West Mission, nr. 13th.
BUTTER 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home cooking.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED French lady has a comfort-
able home for Infants or children. 1324 Mont-
gomery' st, upstairs. *■■
WANTED Infant to board; $10 a month. 210
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
REFINED experienced nurse has a comfort-
_•,-.„ home for infant-: $1" mo. 531 A Castro St. .
c . •**_ :
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Board and 2 rooms in private fam- |
ilv for 4 adults: Mission preferred. Address
box B. i: . 2526 Mission st.
' BOOKS— NEW AND -OLD, | (
ECHO' : BOOKS bought and exchanged. j
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
*650; I SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab-
lished many years and doing an average •
business of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
register; safe; fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease. Call
R. G. WILKIE, 306 Market st ;
DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice, sa-
loon with mercantile lunch, established years,
rent low, clearing alxive $150 per month; lease;
close to Palace Hotel. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
$450— Saloon; best location on city front; sell-
ing on account of sickness. It. G. WILKIE
_ CO., 606 Market a:., room 7 and S.
A— $1100 — CHOP house and coffee saloon in ;
wholesales district; established ITS; clearing
above $150 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE. 906 Market.
X— THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar in the Mission; low ,
rent; must be sold at once; on account of I
family trouble the place is turned over to a i
wholesale liquor house; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— $450; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living -rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth tlie money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILK] 906 Market St. I
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with six living
rooms: excellent location; well-established;
receipts $77 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
Investigate. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$150 — COFFEE saloon; principal street; near
.Market st.; established IS years.; place is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
$1500— COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur- :
nished; a good paying business Al bargain. .
M. LESS ft CO., 765 Market st.
_ ,
$450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 roomr Inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO.. 765 ;
Market. !
c|SSO— RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State; value In Bight; good !
business; practically without comoetitlon; !
bargain. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$I(3OO— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosper- !
ous country town near city; owner has had
business 20 years; retires on account of old
. age. McLAUGHLIN ft CO., 777 - Market st.
$50^*— PARTNER wanted in mfg. bus.; Gov.
trade. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777. Market.
$350 CORNER cigar stand; business street;
splendid location; departure cause of sale.
McLaughlin &» co., 777% Market st
(150— GROCERY nd bar; rent $16; 4 rooms; de-
parture cause sale. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mkt.
A FRUIT store, contrail-/ located and must he
.Id this day. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
A. MANUFACTURING and Jobbing business for
less than one-fourth its value; owner going
to Europe and must be so or less than $iwi;
will net $200 to $300 per month; come quick
and investigate this day; make offer. COW-
. ING ft CO.. 995 Market st
ONE-HALF Interest in a faying manufactur-
ing business; goods sold to dealers; large
profits; active single man preferred; capital
necessary $500. Apply PACIFIC COAST EX-
-- CHANGE, rooms 2-3, 1007'/i Market, nr. 6th.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery ston-s.
saloons, bakeries, coffie uses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc.: sold and exchanged
Call and see my list EITEL, lOOni Market
A FIRST-CLASS candy store, ice cream par- i
lor and factory: fine location: principal
street; must be sold. JONES & CO., 8(» Mkt i
'.■":''■: BARBER shop with laundry office; re-
ceipts $70 week; 3 chairs; near Market; bar-
gain:- City Business Exchange, 1032 Market.
$ff'c>— RESTAURANT; 25a meals: doing flne
business; low rent; cause of selling, other
business. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
I. LENT cigar stand, day trade; full
value for money. Apply to FRIEDLANDER
<?- KAISER, 431 Montgomery St.
•JSJO— MALL produce, pork and delicacy store;
good location. Inquire at 106 Eleventh st.
''all branch office. ..-■*'- j^".
""TRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-parking business. for «ale In one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office. _
BUSINESS CHANCES—
ATTENTION— To sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
$850— PROMINENT corner grocery and bar:
best location in the city; selling at invoice
price. HEALY & Co.. 917 Market st
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; prin-
cipal street north of Market; clearing $100 per
month: Investigate. HEALY & CO., 917 Mkt.
$200— SALOON for sale, corner East and Green-
wich, rent $20; owner lias two places. Call
230 Pacific st.
SALOON with good business in good location.
NABER. ALFS & PEINE, 823 Market st.
$200— SALOON with good business. 636 Third st.
RESTAURANT; good paying; must be sold on
account of ill health; snap. 606 Mission st.
$15— STORE: use of fixtures: good for drcss-
j maker or small business. 853 Fifth st.
j WELL-PAYING cracker route for sale. Box
1599, Call.
FOR SALE— shoe store and repairing;
low rent; best location. Box 4986, Call.
| WANTED— good-paying grocery that will
bear investigation. BECK A CO., 936 Market.
ANY ONE wishing to join small party going to
Cnpe Nome, apply box 17, Branch Office Call,
106 Eleventh St.
MISSION and Bosworth streets — New car line
to Glen Park; best grocery corner. 413
Kearny st.
$40,C00 FOR c. interest ln an enterprising busi-
ness: no experience required. Address box
4934, Call office.
FRUIT store: 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209 Second.
FOR SALE— Good shoe store and repairing;
low rent: best location. Box 4986. Call.
A HUSTLER with $150 can get half-interest in
excellent established business. £27 Mission st.
! HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock; Investigate; bargain. 436 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: good location; for sale
cheap; no agents. Inquire at Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
. Nt, city; owners wishing to retire from the
retail business; a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS., SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
$2000 — FIRST-CLASS grocery; must be sold at
once; best of reasons for Belling; new stock
and fixtures; will Invoice $3000; long estab-
lished; low rent: long lease; investigate im-
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box
4991. Call office.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 611 Sacramento st. : tel Main 1836.
GROCERY and bar. well stocked; cheap. Ap-
ply A lc IHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 320 ''lay st.
FAMILY boardinK-housc; steady boarders^ 14
rms.. all occupied: bargain. A.C.box .1. Call.
$135— BRANCH bakery, notion store; 2 living
rooms. 805*4 Filbert st.
TO sell or exchange — Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 7S3H Market st.
BARGAIN— -Meet marl $250: splendid lo-
cality: cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. n r Sacramento *•.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON*. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. lit" Fois-tn st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with cor work
Bend to SPAULDLNG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO WALCOM, Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson St.; tel South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
"st. : cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
V S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
hate; carpets cleaned, 3* .-yd. : tel. Mint 316.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. .
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
i Compound Paste; a household bless. a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st
" CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvcyant; treats
private chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
eight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies. Euc; gents, $1; sittings. $1 50. 1-<j Turk.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Haley: tells your life from cradle to grave;
60c. $1 up. 106 Taylor St.. parlors 8-5.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME HANSON; card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. __ _
YOUR future told by cards; lady or gent, 25c.
Lady Barbers, 959 A Howard St.
MISS A. E. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. _ Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME AUGUST. 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist truth or no pay; 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
■ CORNER bav-wlndow flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas:
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th st, nr. Dolores.
: COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2309 Polk st.
$S— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms, yard. 17C5 Turk
st, near Scott.
$11— SUNNY" cottage, 3 rooms; bath. Ewing
place, off Laguna. bet. Sutter and Post.
——————
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st., over '"ale Zlnkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 9) per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, BOc; crowns, $3 50: plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO-
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
' AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges. $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 96.) Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Znhnarzt: crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, SOc up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
! SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
I YOUNG. IS4I Polk Ft
EDUCATIONAL-
! HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
-drawing: 25 teachers; - Individual instruction,
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new fcO-page cata-
log free. ■:■'';/.;-■ .-;
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
J scholarship, $50; low rates per .week and mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL. J
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes:
references, President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
eical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd -ellows bldg., S. - .
A-HOPF-S Singing, Piano School; half rates
summer months; French. Spanish dally.
Mercantile Library. 530 Golden Gate aye.,
rms. 6, C, 7; hours 2 to 8.
M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day and eve ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 303 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnight; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter: piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German. 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo. 514 Hayes St., top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; BOc an hour. 620 Eddy st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 08.
ORPHEEM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel Black 1321-
EMPLO V MEN T WAN Female.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation as
cook; understands all branches of cooking;
Jewish or American family; best lo«»l refer-
ences. Please call or address MISS D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. : telephone Grant 120.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation;
' good cook and houseworker; 3 years last
place:Tclty or country. MIsS D. CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
! NEAT young loan girl desires situation all
nurse "or second girl, .10 to $15. Apply MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
FRENCH nursery governess, best of references,
also cook and housework girl. 16 years refer-
ences wish situations; also Scandinavian sec-
ond girl. See J. F. CROSETT & -CO.. 316
/["LADY as Janitress in offices or any building;
competent; highest references. Box SSb Call.
COMPETENT young German girl wants situ-
ation to do plan cooking or upstairs work;
speaks French. 312 Minna st.; references.
COMPETENT -woman, middle-aged, wants a
position to do housework in city or country;
good cook, laundress and housekeeper; no
postals. 924 Washington St. _______
COMPETENT teacher, disciplinarian, gradu-
ate- State Normal School, life diploma, musi-
cian testimonials from prominent educators
and Boards of Education In State, desires
situation, City or country. Box ei^, Call.
WANTED— Cooking and light work by middle-
aged woman; good home more than large
wages; references. Address 15 Powell st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as cook and gen-
eral housekeeper; give references. Call 223
Polk st.
WOMAN to ro out by the day washing or
houseclenning. i) 73 Hayes st., in basement.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 632
Eddy st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework in American family; good cook;
wages $25. Call 20 West Mission St., bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth.
WANTED— By competent woman, general
housework and cooking; no objection to coun-
try; best references. Apply 350 San Carlos aye.
YOUNG woman would like place as companion
and sewing- no objection to light duties;
references. Address box 1708, Call office, Oak-
land. I'"--"-'--.-
SITUATION by competent girl to do house-
work and cooking; wages $20. 2633 Post St.;
no postals.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do upstairs
work or chamberwork. 326 Eddy st.
i MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants place
j on ranch to cook. Address room 2, 833 Mission.
EASTERN woman wishes position as man-
aging housekeeper or agent for wholesale
house: no objection to traveling; accustom
herself to most any kind of business; city or
country. 233 Kearny st., room 12.
PLEASING competent woman desires position
as housekeeper of respectable rooming house:
reference. Call or address Housekeeper, 127
Hyde st£
■ EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements; $1 25 per day. Box 984,
I Call office.
BY strong young woman as wording house-
keeper; city or country. 15 Powell, room 5.
SITUATION to 'I- washing by the day. $04
Howard st., room 17.
TEACHER holding San Francisco Grammar
grade certificate, desires position in private
family; willing and obliging; country pre-
ferred. Box 963. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position as house-
keeper. 12C Fourth St.. room 15.
WANTED— Care of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ■
IEUPLOYMJENT WANTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc on st.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414>_ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
BY a temperate and reliable Englishman as
coachman with nice family or a driver for
doctor and office; has Al recommendations;
city or country. Address box 1540, Call.
BY a high school student, age 16, a position
where he can work for board and room, be-
| fore and after school, or receive small salary:
a willing worker; speaks German. Box 943,
Call office.
HOTEL manager wants a house to manage In
city or country; practical in every way;
knows business from kitchen to attic; famil-
iar with California and Eastern customs.
Address G. DOBBS, Winchester Hotel, San
Francisco.
SITUATION in small grocery store or lodging
house for board and lodging or the equiva-
lent; highest references. Box 990, Call.
DISHWASHER, understands some cooking, $5
a week. 233 Sixth st.
■ 9
JAPANESE young man wants position to
wait at the table or housework. K. FURU-
TA, 1808 Polk st; telephone Polk 422.
COMPETENT young man wishes a place to
take care of horses and drive. Box 1539, Call.
STEADY place wanted as short order cook;
will do dishwashing, cook and open oysters
if required. HENRY'S, 614 Central aye., near
Hayes st.
YOUNG American, age 24, has some experience
painting and paperhanging, very anxious for
employment. Address box 183, Call, Oakland.
BARBER wants steady work. Call ln even-
ing after 7 o'clock, Dewey House, 47 Steuart.
BY a night-school student, age 16, a position
where he can work for board and room, be-
fore and after school, or receive small sal-
ary; a willing worker; speaks German. Box
MS, Call office. •-^:;W
GOOD bread baker wishes position; second
hand. Box 911, Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced city driver, wishes
situation; no Sunday work; fair wages; does
not drink. Box 919, Call.
SITUATION— Man and wife on ranch, mines
or private place: man handy with carpenter's
tools; -wife good plain cook. Box 618, Call.
; SITUATION wanted by first-class salesman;
first-class references given: speaks German
nnd English perfectly. Address box 4992. Call.
EXCHANGE.
10 HOUSES and lots, worth from $ISOO to $7000
each, all clear, to exchange for ranches or
Eastern property; write me for reliable In-
vestments. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. ; = .
FCR sale or exchange— 6-room story and a half
house: lot 100x200; barn, chicken house and
buggy stud: town water; located best resi-
dence street Dixon; value $2000. Address box
150-1. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ~
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071 hi Market st, San Francisco, Cal. ;
glasses fitted by mall. r ;--^.'--.-.T
FLATS TO LET.
A— TEHAMA, 36 and 38— 4-room flats; reason-
able rent; clean; neat. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market St. .
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL
. 10 Montgomery st
FULTON. Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City. Hall ; $16. i
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 MARKET ST.
FLATS. , COTTAGES.
217 Elm ay., 5 r...517 121 Cedar ay., 5 r...510
431 4th ay., 6 r.... 16-2827 Jackson, 6 P..... 12
2937 California, 6r. 15 17 Erkson ct, 5 r.. 11
2301 Geary, 6 r 15 2085 Ellis. 3 r.. ...... 8
605 Ivy ay., 4 r.... 13 820 Buchanan, 3 r.. 8
1229 Broderick. 4 r. 12 j 13 Garden ay., 4 r. 7
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments; yard; cellar; sun all day. H» vven-
ster st, near Haight.
HOWARD, 1802— Sunny bay-window flat of 2
rooms and bath; $11. _^
i MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St., near Post, bet. Taylor and Jones.
NEW 5-room. sunny flat, frescoed, bath, water
free; $15. 3748 Twenty-second St., nr casrro.
I SCOTT. 2036. corner Sacramento— mid-
dle flat; 7 rooms: bath; rent reduced. J. ii.
CARSE. 11 Montgomery. ,
TWO nice unfurnished flats; *7„ r °_ _\„^ c _l ;
water free; $10" and $11. Apply Bush st.
: UPPER flat, 287 Clara st. 4 rooms; rent $S.
MADISON & BURKE.
. 2 NEW sunny modern flats 4 « 5 **ooms.
bath each; 1421 Hayes St., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye., $21. ,
i 4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
garden: 1219 Laguna St., cor. Ellis. Inquire
1221 Laguna st.
6 SUNNY rooms and bath; $15. 1338 Washing-
ton, corner Leavenworth.
$9— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St., off Market, near Valencia.
111-SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts.
FLATS TO LET al '?}trlrL-~~.
GROVE 818. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable If desired: references.
FURXITURJ- FOR SALE.
, HOUSE of 10 rooms, and large grounds; hand-
somely furnished; at present occupied by a
family desirous of giving up housekeeping;
offers furniture for sale very reasonable; rent
moderate; excellent opportunity for family
looking for complete home. Box 956, Call.
THE furniture of 17 rooms for sale cheap; must
be sold this week. 15 Polk st
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP AVANTED Agents.
MANAGER fraternal life insurance company
1 for California and Oregon; either sex: none
but experienced solicitors need apply. DR.
C. B. PAUL, box 987, Call.
AGENTS— We are still Increasing our sales of
saloon articles; "they must have it"; quick
returns; big profits. Ul2 Monadnock, Chicago.
AGENTS— Gasoline gas lamps for hot weather;
$2 to $5 profit to agents. Brilliant Gas Lamp
Co.. 48 Clark st., Chicago.
AGENTS— Latest European novelty out: sam-
ples 10c. Empire Novelty Co.. 512 Market st.
HELP WAXTED — Female.
WAITRESS, Pan Rafael, $20; Tiburon, $20;
Hanford, $20; 4 chambermaids and waitresses,
$15 to $20; chambermaid, $15 to $20 per month.
MISS D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 COOKS. $30 and $35 per month, city: house-
work Woodbridge, $20; Sacramento, $15; San
Rafael, $20; Cordelia. $15. fare paid Ray-
mond. $20: Belmont, $15; 12 housework girls
$20 and $25; 10 young girls to assist. $10,' $12
and $15. MISS D. CELL EN. 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child. $15 per month. MISS
D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
CH AM BE RWORK and seamstress, Santa Cruz,
$20 per month. MISS D. .-EI. I. EN. 325 Sutter.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO ..;.. .Phone Grant 186"
4 waitresses, Santa Cruz. $20, see party here;
10 waitresses, best commercial hotels, $20; 2
waitresses, city, and 2 chambermaids, to wait,
$20; cook. Pacific Grove. $30; 2 woman cooks,
$25; 2 fancy ironers, $37 50; fancy lroner, $3j
and found. „_
FAMILY ORDERS •
Housegirl Capitola, must cook, wash and
iron for small family. $25 and fare paid,
French nursery governess. $25, and a great
many girls for cooking and general house-
work, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ■
2 LAUNDRESSES, Institution, $25 each; *2
cooks. $30 each. MRS. NORTON. 213 Sutter.
NURSE girl. $15; house girl. 3 In family. $20;
5 house girls, $25 each. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, San Rafael, see party here. $25;
Berkeley, $20; Alameda, $20; 2 house girls,
Los Gatos. $25 each, see party here; 2 Swedish
second girls. $20 and $22 50. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $20; German waitress,
$25; waitress for a boarding-house, $18. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st
WANTED— Neat Protestant cook for American
family, $30; 2 Protestant second girls. $20;
German cook, $30; waitress, private boarding
house $20; waitress for restaurant, $6 a week;
a number of girls for housework ln city and
country at going wages and too numerous to
advertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel, steady year
around $20; waitress, country hotel, $20; ranch
cook $25. MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 j
Clay' st. i
GOOD chambermaid, see party here this morn-
ing; 2 general housework girls. $20; woman
for. light housework and companion, $10 per
month. Come early. THE NEW EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE, 7SI Market; 'phone black 3911.
EXPERIENCED operators on white work;
good position for presser; electric Irons.
BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
GIRL, light housework; small family; wages
$8 to $10. 2245 Post st.
YOUNG girl to assist housework; wages $5 per
month. 129 A Guerrero st.
GIRL for housework at Sausallto; wages $10;
good home. Apply 126 Kearny st. room 10.
BRIGHT girls for easy advertising work; sal-
ary. 9 to 10 a. m., room 439. Emporium bldg.
GIRL for housework; good home. Apply at
3007 Sixteenth st. above Mission.
WAITRESS. 196 Tenth st. Wages, $4 per
week.
WANTED Elderly German woman to assist ln
housework; $10: state age; a good, permanent
home: in Alameda. Box 569, Call.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 204 Lily
avenue. : : '. .'.'-"■• V
GIRL for general housework and cooking; fam-
ily of 3. Call 9 to 12, 1603 Gough st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. Baldwin Annex
Tailor, 924 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; wages
$12. 952 Pine st
WANTED— waitress at 7 Taylor st; res-
taurant. • /
WANTED— and girls apply Imme-
diately at cannery, 612 Lombard st.
WANTED— Finisher on coats. 222«4 Fulton st.
YOUNG woman to assist ln housework; refer-
ence. 792 Hayes st. (old No. 734.)
WANTED— to assist In general house-
work. 509 Hayes st
GOOD tailoress on custom coats. 186 Shipley
street.
GIRL for German cooking and general house-
work; references; wages $25. Call at 1601
Post st.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard st.
YOUNG girl assist care 2 children; sleep home;
small wages. 4301 Eighteenth, cor. Diamond.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, must know
how to operate the mimeograph, for whole-
sale liquor house; state experience and salary
expected. Address box 1628, Call. _^
NEAT young girl ln small family for light
housework. Call after 2 p. m., 616*. Lom-
bard st. '
TAILORESS on custom coats: make button-
holes: good wages. 140 Russ st.
GOOD tailoress on custom coats; also appren-
• tlce. Call early, 120 Sutter St., room 64.
WANTED— neat girl for plain housework.
16 Turk st. •
HELP wanted In kitchen and restaurant. 113
Turk st
SCHOOLGIRL, family 2, wages $5. Call before
12. 244 Clinton Park. '
FAT ladles wanted at the Chutes. Apply to
manager, Haight st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan st, bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
, Brannan st, between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework:
small family. 2111 Geary st., near Scott
WANTED— More operators on skirts. Call 412
Market st
A HOME In return for light services; no chil-
dren wanted; small place. Address One, -box
J . 942, Call office. %
.»..-■-..- - ■ . ... .*;. r .;.r_' 4 "
_.
HELP AVANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
Apply after 9 o'clock at 1307 Hyde st.
60 GIRLS for peeling and canning fruit Apply
OVERLAND PACKING CO., 11 Harrison st.
WANTED Co-warkers, either sex, everywhere;
nicest home work ever offered: $12 per week
salary: lit. and explanations. 2c. Address The
Non-Medicine Cure Club, lock box 802, Los
Angeles, Cal.
200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work in LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32W Fremont st. :-■-'
GIRL to assist in housework; small family.
14133 Mason St.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. " •.•
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; also ap-
prentice. Call after 9 a. m., 354 Geary st.
MACHINE operators on men's shoes; both dry
and wax thread. WENTWORTH SHOE CO.,
119 Pine st.
HELP AVANTED MaIe.
JANITOR. $30 per month and found. MISS
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHOREBOY, country, $10 a month; dishwasher,
city, $10 a month. MISS D. CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WAREHOUSE WORK
12 laborers to work ln warehouse, free fare,
call early $2 50 day
....BLACKSMITHS AND CARPENTERS....
Blacksmith for a dredger $40 and found
Blacksmith, no shoeing, Alameda County
$50 and found
9 blacksmiths for different shops, ranches,
mines, sawmills, etc., $2 50. $2 day, $50, $45,
$35, $30 and found; also helpers
6 carpenters, city and county. .s3 and $2 50 day
3 bridge carpenters $45 and found
Hoisting engineer, references $5 day
MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
JOBS AT BIG WAGES BIG WAGES
24 laborers (no experience), $42 and found,
steady job year round
12 laborers, fare 30c (no experience) $60
26 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $75
14 teamsters, fare $140, 4 horses $52
12 teamsters, Alameda County, 4 horses....
$30 and found
IS6 laborers for all parts of California, wages
$3, $2 50, $2 day, steady, good Jobs
HELP WANTED FOR
Arizona, Oregon. Washington, British Co-
lumbia; wages $6, $5, $4, $3 60 and $3 day;
come and see
IN SAN FRANCISCO ._
6 laborers, board yourselves home..sl 75 day
30 laborers, $2 and $1 75 day, $30 and $26 and
found
6 teamsters, haul building stone. s4o and found
5 2-horse teamsters, good board and bed..
$26 and found
Milkers, chore boys and men; other city help
Help factory and manufacturing companies..
Help for streetcar companies
Stablemen, city and country. ...s3o and found
Gardener florist $25 and found
MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS 37 MILLS.
ANYBODY WILL SUIT
194 laborers (no experience required); from
$26 TO $40 and found. FARE PAID.
ALSO
WOODSMEN, MILLMEN, SPOOL TEND-
ERS, MEN TO PILE LUMBER, CROSS-
CUT SAWYERS, HEAD DONKEY MEN.
SHINGLE BOLT MAKERS. TREE FELL-
ERS. JACKSc -HEWERS, MILL BENCH
HAND, SHINGLE PACKERS, SETTERS
FOR MILL. BLACKSMITHS, SHINGLE
JOGGERS and 53 other positions: wages from
$75, $65. $60. $50, $40, $30 and found and $3 and
$2 75 per day
WOODCHOPPERS TIE MAKERS
All fare paid. COME AND SEE
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARE 634-636 Clay st
20 MEN OR BOYS, FRUIT PICKERS.... S2O fd.
MURRAY' & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PUBLIC NOTICE
AS THE SAN FRANCISCO PAPERS HAVE
SENT THEIR REPORTERS TO US RE-
GARDING THE COAST RAILROAD, WE
PUBLICLY ANNOUNCE WE ARE NOT
SHIPPING MEN THERE. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE................ FREE FREE
To every railroad in California, except Coast
Road, we are shipping drillers, laborers, team-
sters, hammermen, section hands, etc.; wages
from $3 day; good board and lodging only
$4 60 week
MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES.... 27 MINES MINES
35 miners, good Jobs $3 and $2 50 day
IS6 laborers, no experience required, for 27
mines, wages $57 and found. $40, $50, $60 and
found and $2 80, $2 25 and $2 day. fare from
$1 30, steady Job year around: great crowds
daiiv going to mines; COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS. DAIRIES HAY AND HARVEST
$3 50 day 19 HAY BALERS $3 50 day
29 men for hay and harvest fields, $2 50. $2.
$1 60, $1 25 day, all parts California, good
Jobs; 30 milkers and buttermaker and separa-
tor tenders, $30, $25 and found
95 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
over California, $35, $30, $26 and $25 and
found •**V.*^*iV
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
14 choremen and boys for city and country-
Jobs, $30, $26. $25, $20, $15 and $10 and found..
Gardener and wife Cook and wife
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPT.... BUTCHERS
6 butchers, good Jobs, $35, $30 and found
9 cooks, $50, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
12 waiters $30. $25. $20 and found
15 dishwashers $25. $20. $15 and found
Cabin boys, porters, boys to learn waiting,
pantry boys. Janitors, shoemakers, laundry-
men cabinet-makers, milk wagon driver,
boys' for stores, drive butcher wagon,
for stores, learn baking trade. Come and see
. MURRAY A READY,
\\\ 634 and 636 Clay St.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAY.
c R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
60 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE I
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
beard $4 60 a week.
C... R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st
CHEF, $75; second, $50; third cook, $30; vege-
table man, $20, for country hotel; head and
second cooks for a steamboat. $50 and $36; 6
cooks, different country hotels, $35, $40 and
$50; 2 cooks, country restaurants, $40 and $50;
bakers' helper, $25; 20 dishwashers and pot-
washers city and country, $20 and $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
20 FARMERS for different ranches, $20, $25,
$26 $30 and $33; 20 teamsters and laborers,
city, $1 75 a day; 10 laborers for a quarry,
country, $1 90 a day; 4 blacksmiths. $40 to $30;
harnessmaker, bench hands, cabinetmakers,
carpenters, woodsmen, milkers, sheep herd-
ers and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CAMP cook for a railroad camp, $50 to $60:
night cook, good baker, for a railroad camp,
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PORTER $20: bellboy. $15: for a summer re-
sort. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
20 LABORERS for a railroad tunnel. 20c to
27-.C per hour. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, country lunch house. $40 and
$60; second cook and broiler, $40; restaurant
COOks, $10 and $12 week; night clerk and
barkeeper, $20 and found; porter for saloon,
$20; restaurant porter, $20; Inside servant,
private family, $20; dishwasher and kitchen
men for country, $15 and $30, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento __
WANTED— Quarry'man, $30 and board: 15 la-
borers for quarry, $1 90 day; 5 laborers for
mines $2 day; dairyman and wife, $35; farmer
and wife, $35; farmers. $25 and $26; milker;
4 quartz miners; 5 gravel miners; 10 laborers
for city, $2 day; machine man for planing
mill $3 day: 20 mill and wood men; lumber
Tellers etc., $1 75 to $2 75 day. and many-others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED
Blacksmith for shop, near city, $2 50 to $3 per
day; also helper for same place, $150 per
day; blacksmith for country shop, near city,
$45' and found: 4 laborers for mine, no expe-
rience required, $2 per day; 3 miners, $52; 2
furnacemen for mine, $2 25 per day
Milkers * 25 and $30
Dairyman small private dairy- -$3O and found
10 farmhands $1. $125 and $150 per day
Laborers for levee, see party here, $2 per
day, and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
WANTED • :•••••-
Cook, country hotel, fare advanced. $50 per
month; short order cook for nice small res-
taurant in city, $40; waiter for restaurant in
city, $30. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Man for
private place, country, $25; pantryman, $30;
kitchen-hand, $25; dishwasher, $25: laborers,
private party, city. $1 75 a day; butler, extra;
etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
ALL men wanting work come to NEW EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market st. ; 50
laborers, 10 power drill men, cooks, dishwash-
ers, waiters. Telephone Black 3911.
WANTED— Men and women to sell Hoover's
Headache Powders; 100 per cent profit Apply
Hoover's Pharmacy, Cal. and Devisadero sts.
WANTED— Errand boy at 641_. Stevenson st.
COFFEE house lunch waiter wanted at 517
Montgomery . St.
WANTED-Steady man to assist in light work;
must be satisfied with $16 per week and have
$75 cash. 1032 Market at. room 4. . J
HELP "W'ANTED —
FIRST-CLASS custom coatmaker. BELASCO -
& HARRIS CO.. Inc., 541 Market st. t
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BOY to learn jewelry engraving. Box 991,
Call office.
STEADY man to milk and care for horse; near
city. 33 Second st.
2 BEDMAKERS. The Model Lodging-house,
737 Mission st.
WANTED — Experienced capper ln country can-
nery. Apply at 211 California st.
3 CARRIAGE painters and 1 sign writer.
NESS & EEENY. 128 Spear st
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; steady
work: wages $15 per week. 52S Jessie st.
WAGON blacksmith wanted, 637 Brannan St.
1 DISHWASHER wanted at 50 East st.
STRONG boy in wholesale house to make him-
self generally useful. Inquire GRAF BROS.,
569 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission street.
YOUNG man having some experience print-
ing; $3 a week to start 525 Front st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Inquire at
102 Golden Gate aye.
BARBER wants steady job evenings, Saturday
and Sunday. Address box 955. Call office.
BARBERS— shop for sale cheap on
account of departure. Lurline Baths.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Faithful persons to travel; salary
straight; no more, no less; 5780 and expenses:
references. Inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope. A. J. MUNSON, Secretary, Caxton
building, Chicago.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week:
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
MEN — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
on Valley Road.
DRUG clerk wanted. Inquire at 74 Jackson
street
MIDDLE-AGED carpenter for jobbing work.
Address, stating wages, box 1524, Call office.
WANTED good tinsmiths to work on
pieced tinware. Apply to C. F. EMERSON, I
521 Howard st.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you: half-soled while waiting, 35c to
60c. 562 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY our 15c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st; free shaving in students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 2Ec
per night Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN" and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S'. Eighth st
PENSIONS H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 2eic 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863 1 . Market st.
TRY* Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free I
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
HANDSOME mare, sound, quiet and showy;
O'Brien buggy and $40 set new harness: $125,
or separate. 766 Hopkins st. East Oakland.
WANTED 2 good sound horses to drive an
express wagon; must be cheap; and also
double harness. Call at room 1, 239 Post st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. , ; ■•:
JUST arrived— Carload large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co., salesyard. 1732 Market |
FOR sale— s4o; thoroughbred saddle mare; suit-.
able for lady; 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
12-ROOM house: large yard; downtown $ 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house: clears $300 $1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St. ; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER, 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented; bargain; easy payments. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
/ 64-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 MARKET ST.
THELEADING AND RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter and Post sts $550
18 rooms, rent $65; near Orpheum 950
30 rooms, rent $90: fine paying house 1350
40 rooms, modern; cheap rent 1600
MONEY TO LOAN AT TWO PER CENT.
$625— 20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
$300 SNAP— 24-room house: all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
GOOD-PAYING rooming-house, centrally lo-
cated for sale or exchange for private resi-
dence. Box 4536, Call office. ■
GREAT sacrifice, $325: lodging house on Third
st , 18 rooms, rent $40. Apply to E. ROBI-
NET, 411*4 California st., upstairs.
$750— HOUSE. 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY, 437 Parrott bdg.
FOR sale— The business and furniture of a flne
family hotel. 60 rooms, situated in the center
of San ■ Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy, Cal.
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms; well
lighted: for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 707— House, six rooms and bath.
HOUSE hunting made easy witn the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms, bath; newly papered and
painted: rent $30. 1717 Laguna st.
MINNA, 66 Sunny side, in rooms, $15. $12 60—
Nine sunny rooms, 68 Minna st,
PACIFIC Heights— House of 10 rooms, bath
storeroom, cellar, etc; rent $50 to good ten
ant. 2528 Washington st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; .' rooms; low
rent. 3386 Twenty-first st.; key ne\t door.
VERY flne house, ln perfect condition KM
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero: 7 room*;
rent very reasonable: see it E. O. DENNIS
TON, 8454 Twenty-first st.
$18— 7-ROOM house. 832 Treat aye., nrar Twpii-
ty-second st. ■'..' v :
HOUSES TO l'iiriil>lir.l.
NICELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms, bath;
cottage rent $16; furniture and carpets for
sale. 1469 O'Farrell St.; apply 10 to 5.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On July 23. 1899. a silk fob chain with
engraved red stone charm, gold mounted;
suitable reward. E. F. C, room 36, Chroni-
cle building. ;';-*, :; <
LOST— Silver purse, with initials E. S. C, at
Chronicle corner or on Kearny st. car Holng
north; reward. Return to 347 Waller.
BOX carpenters' tools from buggy between
Oakland and Sunol. Return to Martin House,
Niles. $5 reward.
LOST— White fox terrier; light-brown patches
over eyes and ears; collar and tag 97. Re-
ward at 764 O'Farrell st.
FOUND— JuIy 12, small black and tan dog
■ white breast, one white paw. 429% Mlssls-
slppl st. - ;-.->-•
- MATRIMONIAL.
A— MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1887; confiden-
, tial; list 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellla st A
MEDICAL.
a. SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases- all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and Drivacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment $5: no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
-funded -y MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
It bet Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to
12 '2 to - 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment
only. ,
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause)- safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day no instruments used; cure at office,
$5- home 'in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention- all can save time and expense by con-
sulting' the doctor, free, before going else-
where MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure rellei,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc : babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay;' self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confl-
lav: self-cure Bent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st. ;
pills. $1: very strong. $2. ■
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st, between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure, consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free: call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician: no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe;, call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. -
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st, San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
n ese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. ■
LADIES! — Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are tbe best: safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for partie lars. "Relief
for Ladies," In letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal,
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure: maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free, confidential;
home treatment. $5. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 215*4 Mason St.—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reas.: call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO., druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
A nice private home ln confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes. _ _"•
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
ln confinement 156 Second st. tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human b-dv P.". Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
WANTED— Party with $1000 to $1500 to invest
In fourth Interest in mineral lands of great
prospective value. Address box 983, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FINE modern make sealskin for $90; worth
$150. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
AN almost new bicycle for sale at 926 Folsom
st, In store; price $15.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
! BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 10*7-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth. -"-,•.;
FOR sale?— Fine talking parrot 1026',, Wash-
ington st. --■'•- *■"-•; - ':"'-•■■■
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
Iron; wood planers, 12 in. and 24 in.; hydrau-
11c pump; 2d. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand, also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg.Co., Stevenson st.
FOR — Wheelock upright piano; cheap for
cash. 809 Peralta st., Oakland.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full lino
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
| 2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 J.. sslon.
DRESS pants. $2 95: rtnesults, $9 95. MisritCloth-
ing Parlors, 613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
slz»s: half original st. 100-111 Market. S. F.
'MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
______ _" TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture cr pianos in S. F. . Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at X*-_ per cent on real estate. "d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY' respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by rrivate party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON city and country property, chattel mort-
gages, estates, rents, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. MORRELL. $09 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate 6 per cent: '.M mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger. 311 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
j any proposition. DUYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY*. 630 Market st.
~ MOM B V WANTED.
Vi \n ','';' $2500 on gilt edge security. ' Box
4643 c -all office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright -lanos for $«
cosh and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY* the oldest and largest house
treat Of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
M. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. - SSifeSl
SPLENDID piano, well made, reliable, flne
tone, $165; money back if unsatisfactory. J
DEWING CO.. 2d floor. Flood building.
FINE Arion piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms, sacrificed this week for $90.
Room 21. Flood building, 4th and Market sts.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st - -
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZ.Y, 303 Post st. *"""»•
VERY -fine Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt
A BARGAIN — Stelnwav upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
V rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis,MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308 <
Post st.
W <; BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for <
Francis Bacon and Hallett Sc Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new Fcale; new styles. KOH- |
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. '
MI'I.I.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
A^IT^"^&^ArT")INER. 411 Montgomery st. ;
$60—105 Taylor St.
$50-465 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$35—859 Mission St.. near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery aye.
$22 50—836 Howard St., near Fifth.
$17— 256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth St.
$25—1119 Harrison St., corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20
Light, heat, janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON* & GARDINER. Room 210.
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth st.; 4 living rooms,
stable; . blocks from Market; rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building. [ '
TO -Corner store, completely furnished fir i
grocery and barroom; rent $32. Scott and j
Sutter sts. _____ I
SIXTH. 53S— Store. 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $10; water free.
STORE for tailor or barber shop; fine location.
5 Taylor st. _____
SEVENTH, 48. opposite Postofflce— Store, oc-
cupied as a saloon for 15 years. $IS.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to Bp. m. ; reading by mail. $1.
PERSONALS.
MRS. SUSAN DUDLEY MELBOURN left New
York State in 1^54. Any news about her
would be thankfully received by her brother,
CHRISTOPHER DUDLEY, '24 Shawl st..
Leavenworth. Kan.
ARTHUR ROBERT GOODWIN, formerly of
Canonbury. London, please communicate with
the undersigned, or anybody who may have
employed him or knows of his whereabouts.
JAMES AND ALEXANDER BROWN, 3*3
California st.
REWARD will be paid for address of MAR-
THA WOHLTMANN alias MAY" WALSH
Call 536 Ivy aye. ;
.". .jiN L BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
Vn 4 Sutter st Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited, fe
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 7;;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. lt>44
Market st . under St. Nicholas Hotel.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA; just '•'-'' tonic -**
hair needs to streneth«n it: 35c bot.: Lederer s
Foamo Shampoo. 5c package. 123 Stockton St.
EDERER dresses the h.T,ir in the most artis-
tic manner for 25c; this week has a sale of
beautiful combs and hair ornaments, prices
half: switches $1. 123 Stockton Pt.
ME. LOUISE manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
R. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
'ANTED— B^ard for man and wife, not to
exceed $45 per month. Box 936, Call.
ELECTRIC lights li every room; Winches!
Hotel. 44 Third st . near Market: .700 rooms;
$?5c to $150 per night; $150 to V per week; ,
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- :
der. K. YOSHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 13^6 Stockton St., near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel. J
LADIES Equipoise waist has no equal:
Y'psilanti underwear. OBER'S, 24 Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to •at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 2" BansomejM.
RUPTURE, stricture cur»d; no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gcfdin. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SLITS to order on easy -ailments. L. j
LEW 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte. i
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. I'oweli & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly <
Call. 16 pages, sent l- any address in the
T'nited States or Canada one year for SI, .
postage paid. '
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. j
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
• 10211. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCHOMETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROAVN. psychometrist:
reads character: gives advice from spirit side l
Of life: heals by laving on hands. 12. A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY For inle.
2 FLATS 5 and 4 rooms; baths, cellar; Pacific.
• west of Hyde; 3 lines cars; $2250 mortgage; I
.- $16<"<) can remain, 6'i per cent. Apply 1219
Eiibert St.; good income.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
A'alencla-st. lots: any size; Jl'Jj per front ;
foot: fronting on ; streets.
i Twenty-third St.. corner San Jose aye.. with
Itr.r-rovements. $5500.
.Second and Silver sts.; corner, with Improve-
ments. $6700.
ASHTON _ GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.—
'Valencia st.. bet. Twenty-second an I Twenty-
;thlrd; lots any size; double frontage.
ASHTON" & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.— .
Fifth-st. corner; store and rooms: rents $140
per month; flne building; price $17,500.
0 JlTi.i — NEW house: brick foundation; i rooms J
and bath. SPECK, 667 Market st.
AVANTED— To buy two-story building with
outground 75x20. Inquire 430 Sixth st.
!FOR SALE— Seven-room modern cottage, lot i
tOxIOO. stable and carriage house. 2020 Point I
Lobos aye. j
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the i c
United States or Canada one year for $1, .
r^-stare paid
—————— I
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Si.l.-
FINE ranch li Napa County of 320 acres; 40
acres in resistant vines; stone reservoir: coop- I
erage of lCrf'.OuO gallons; engine; house of 7
rooms, etc.; halt cash or trade in part for city
property. ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, (30
Market st.
NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts; 215i> acres sold to 120 families 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised ln dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. ""'2 California St.. S. F.
RESTAUIXANTS.
WESTERF_LD' fl restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1033 Market »t.: popular prlcr».
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 723. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished. $6. I
CLAYTON 872—2 or 3 nice sunny rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 305— Two large front rooms; reasonable
for housekeeping; private family.
EDDY*. 917— Nicely furnished housekeeping
suite'; low rent; private residence; no chil-
dren.
,
FILLMORE. 2208, near Clay— sls: 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water. _________
FOLS M 830— Furnished housekeeping rooms
" and single. (] per week; room with stove, _.
FOLSOM, S66— - or 3 sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms: bath; stationary withstands.
GEARY, 1917— Parlor, bedroom, dining room,
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas. yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 large sunny well-fur-
nished rooms, gas stove, free telephone.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com-
' plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HARRISON, 796, cor. Fourth— Front sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 704. cor. 3d st — Nice sunny rooms
en suite or single: also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 826— Large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping, $0 up; furnished and unfur-
nlshed. ______________________
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished suites and
■Ingle complete for housekeeping. $S mo. up.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; ref.
LAGUNA. 714 (St. James Apartment House)—
Furnished and unfurnished; light housekeep-
ing; reasonable. ___£___*
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor— furnished rooms,
stove: $12. .
MARKET, '.'2l— Large sunny front room and
kitchen ; folding bed; closet; $12. "*_
MCALLISTER. 447, corner Van Ness— Nicely
furnished sunny connecting housekpg rooms.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 106— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $150 per week; single, 76c up.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
Oc'TAVIA, 1403. cor. Gea'ry— Sunny bay-
window, $7; with kitchen, gas stove, $11.
O'FARRELL. 551—3 unfurnished rooms to let;
separate entrance; also furnished front room.
SETTER, nil. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR, 108— Sunny housekeeping, hot and
cold water, bath; also bay-window.
TURK. 132— Sunny back parlor and kitchen
complete for housekeeping; reasonable rent.
TURK, 23.'.. near Hyde— Parlor floor, 3 furnished
rooms, complete for housekpg.; private house.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3161 8- 2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath and stationary
washtubs.
TWENTY SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— Large
front connecting housekeeping suites, fur-
nished complete, $8 to $11: also single.
WILLOAA' aye., 10, if Larkin st., near Eddy-
Two furnished housekeeping rooms. $12; no
children.^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ii pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
! ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunn",
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per nipht; $1 2*. to $". per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
VR LING TON" Housp. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
ATT 149 Taylor, cor. Eddy- Sunny furnished
rooms; catering to the profession; proprietress
retire! from the profession. . i
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
I bath . rooms, SOc to $1 '■ day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Sec nd. opp. AAells-Fargo's— single,
* double, light housekeeping rooms. $1 up.
i AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 it-class sunny rms.,
15c ta $1 day; 90c to $4 .vk. also housekeeping.
CA RROLTON, 12<"'6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.' corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA] 434*» — Large furnished room.
with use of parlor; $3 per month.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
• iehed 'sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
"57>iTv~3"N'Tcelv furnished sunny front room;
"Mar-- view; $3 per "-*-
EDDY 46s'~Nicely furnished sunny single
I room'; $6 per month;. bath; gas.
EDDY, 473— Large sunny room nicely furnished;
2 closets: running water.
ELEVENTH, 231—1 nice room, furnished or un-
furnished.
ELLIS Soo— Sunny front rooms, all newly fur-
nished.
FOUR! 12^'z nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
GEARY 44.- (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND I SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts— Sunrj-y rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading TO ° ________________
GRAN" I " AYE.. 7—2 Elegant front suites; suit-
able for office or living rooms.
HANCOCK! House, c' Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week,
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; eiev.; free baths.
HOWARD 953 U— Lovely bay-window room ;
quiet, homelike: bath; $2 50 wk. ; gents pref.
jjy ti _ 129— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, sin-
gle and double; all conveniences; bath reas.
JESSIE. 315 H. near Fourth and Market— Newly
furnished rooms, single and double.
JESSIE, '■■IS— Nice sunny furnished rooms with
a private family; rent reasonable^
L\DY~hav!ng fiat will rent one or two rooms
'tr. eldceriy gent. Address all week, box 1529,
Call office.
LARKIN*. 804— Sunny single room, neatly fur-
nished^s4^
MARKET. 7^3' s— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central ioeation. $1 to $2 50 per week.
MARKET, 2520—3 gunny rooms, with use of
kitchen. '^___
MINNA. 667 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION*. 1320— Single rooms for gentlemen
from $4 up; bath: sunny.
NICELY new furnished sunny rooms en suite
or single: first-class in every respect; quiet
house; for gentleman. C. T. X., box 916, Call.
NICE sunny fiat, ; rooms and bath; rent cheap.
1705 Jones St.
NINTH. 72— One nicely furnished sunny front
room; private family; bath; $6.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 208— Nicely furnished rooms; 2 j
sunny front rooms; second floor; reasons
POLK, IS27— Sunny front ins, .modern con-
veniences, hot water; low rent.
ROYAL House, 126 Eliis st. — Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night, .""•' to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to "SO; elevator on
office' floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
neai Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator: transient.
SIXTH. 42-}— Elegant parlor suite; running
water, bath. etc. ; reasonable^
THE Piedmont. 11PA Sixth et.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas. bath; new mangt.
THIRD 26 nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
TERK. 35— Nicely furnished rooms, single and
double; reasonable.^
WEBSTER, 813—4 large sunny rooms; first
floor; no children. .-■'/*?
CHEAPEST ant" best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid. _________—_________—»
ROOMS WASTED.
'KEEPING rooms by competent pianist;
part payment in lessons. Box 1525. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I $2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint _.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20". Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES. :'-.-'■•-
-THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half-
orphans have been received Into the orphan-
age from January 1 to July 1, 1599: Gertie
Sanchez. 7 years; Lizzie Lang. 12 years 2
months; Winifred Casutt. S years 1 month;
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs. 3 years;
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years 8 months: Irene
Greenwood, 2 years 10 months; Matilda Lin-
tia, 8 years; Emma Semonclna, 5 years; Julia
Semonclna, 2 years 10 months; May Welsh.
6 years 2 months; Nora Broderick, 8 years;
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica
Dlneen. 2 years 5 months; Mary Cavan. 2
, weeks (foundling); Arthur Davles, 4 years 3
months: Harry Gage, 3 years 4 months; Jo-
seph Charley, 2 years 2 months; Nick An-
j drews, 3 years 10 months: Luke Andrews, 6
years 1 month; John James, 3 years 1 month;
Frank James, 6 years; Tommy Pine. 3 years;
1 George Lintia. 6 years: Fred Eaton, 4 years
j « months: Tommy Thomberg, 5 years a
months: Alexandra Nelson, 5 years; Frank
Johnson. 4 years 1 month;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $2; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
I ' ' " ~_-
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER will hold a test seance to-
night at 8:15 sharp; admission, 10c. 117 Lar-
kin st.
SEANCE to-night, 8; 25c; Thursday. 12 o'clock;
Mother Sadie, seance, 403 Leavenworth St.
SPIRIT messages by Mme. Young to-night, MC
McAllister. 10c; ministers, skeptics invited.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister St.. to-day.
2 and 8 p. in., tests by good mediums, 10c.
GYPSY life, reader, returned with renewed
•power in spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th.
AT Friendship Hall, 335 McAllister St.. to-day,
2 and 8 p. m., tests by good mediums, 10c.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tuos.-Frl.. 2 p m.;
Mon.. 8; £6c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year . for $1,
postage paid. '
___________
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 57U. .
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. ft H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black SU.
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, 1899.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE; Tehama St., near First; reasonable
rent; stalls for 6 horses. A. M. .SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS:
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 horn»; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 8— 52250 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 5."000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL
620 Market st., S. F.. Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAY'S AND HOLIDAYS.
$700 — FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month.
$2200 — New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & m.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladles in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141* Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. : •";
A LOVELY little home near the hills; house
of 3 rooms, lot 100x135, part of an orchard,
plenty of run for chickens; only 3 blocks from
electric railroad. Apply JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
HA. HA!— Just the place you were looking for
where you can raise poultry close to town;
a fine piece of property, size 186x125. 2-story
house of 7 rooms, plenty of wafer, 1 block
from electric railroad and only 5 minutes'
from railroad station. Apply JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
CHOICE HOME AT A SACRIFICE.
Lot worth $600; house can't be built for less
than $1400; sell this brand new. latest style,
thoroughly modern 5-room cottage for -only
$1750: terms easy: on improved street: con-
venient to train and cars: gcod neighborhood.
H. P. IRWIN, Lorin station. ________
HAVE 5 modern houses In course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
just sold; people wishing to locate ln that
locality please call or write M. L. WERTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAI E HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage: hard-finished;
barn; large chicken house: 10 minutes' ride
from station. 60 minutes from San Francisco;
$7 per mon-h. '"7 Filbert St., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS/
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S Sale— Fine business corner lot,
50x75 feet. In heart of Oakland, bet. Ninth and
Fourteenth sts.: within 2 blocks of Broadway:
convenient to broad and narrow gauge trains
and all street car lines; appraised at $4250;
will accept lid of $3000 and ask court to con- ,
firm sale. a snap. Apply to B. McFADDEN,
Executor. 904 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale Furniture of 13-room lodging house;
$150 700 Franklin st., Oakland.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDENU NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 (SOc per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday, August I, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 26,
1899, at 3 o'clock r>. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriaee licenses have been Issued as follows:
Griffith O. Jones and Cecelia F. Denvlr 29-23
Walter S. Behrens arid Emily R. Chaplain. 26-19
F. S. Perkins and Elizabeth C McA11ep. ...52-37
Ernest P. Therren and Eliza F. Boyd 22-20
.- c. Y. AVUliamson and Annie __ McKay.
Charles L. Deerlng and MacQllva A1110ne.. 25-23
Thomas H. Ryder and Annie Eggers 24-20
" BIRTHS-MARR]A&ES-EEATHSr
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by-
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
I/">EB— ln this city, July 24, 1899, to the wife
of Sol Loeb, a son. . ;
Me M ELLEN— In this city July 23, 1899, to the
wife of John Mi Mullen, a son.
SHIPLEY— In this city. July 24. 1899, to the
wife of Frank C. Shipley, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ABRAMSON— In this city, June 22.
1899 by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Edward Abram-
snn'and Pearl Noble, both of San Francisco.
CAREY— DOMINICI— In this city. July 5, 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. AA'oods, John Carey and
Mary L. Dominic! of La Grange.
CLARK— At the country residence' of
the bride's family, July 22, 1899, by the Rev.
A. H. Barnhisel, pastor of the Los Gates
Presbyterian Church, Jerome A. Hart of San
Francisco and Alice Ann Clark of Santa
Clara County.
HOLMGREN— In this city, July 12.
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Woods. .Tin A Holm-
gren of San Leandro and Emilie D. Liedel of
Haywards.
HELL— K EARNS— In this city. July 21. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Hugh H. Hull of
Ontario, Canada, and Louie Kearna of Wads-
worth, Nev.
KUHN— HAMILL— In this city, July 16. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Peter J. Kuhn of
Scranton, Pa., and Clara O. Hamill of Os-
wego, N. Y.
THOMAS— MASS— In this city. June 14. 1593,
by the Rev. J. G. M_ngold, John O. Thomas
and Ida Elvina Mass.
_____-__-_-
DIED.
Bert. Julia Morton. Dr. H. R. Sr.
Buckalew. Miss A. Phllbon, Miles A.
Cefos, Debney Reay. Alfred W.
Dow, Mary B. Rohrs, Friedericka
Ford, Ellen Scorgie, William
Haskin«. Bridget M. Taylor, John P.
Lyons. Thomas Tevis, Lloyd
Martinez. Joseph Welch. Estella J.
Moore, Patrick A. Wiener, Morris 11.
Morse, Charles B.
BERT— In Oakland, July 23, 1899, Julia, wife
of the late E. G. Bert Sr., and beloved mother
of Mrs. Charles Nauman, Mrs. Jacob Strahle,
Mrs. William Lewis, Mrs. H. Kent, Mrs. At-
wood, Mrs. O. Gerzebeck and Frederick. Ed-
ward and Charles Bert, a native of Phila-
delphia, age.l 79 years 8 months and 5 days.
[TTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from St. Paul's German Lu-
theran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets. Services at 2 o'clock.
BUCKALEW— In this city. July 24, 1899. Miss
Amanda Buckalew, a native of New Jersey,
aged S3 years.
CEFOS— In this city. July 24. 1599. Debney.
beloved wife of James Cefos, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 60 years. V :..
DOW— this city, July 24, 1899, Mary 8., be-
loved wife of George Dow, daughter of John
and Margaret Irishman, and mother of
Janet R. and Andrew W. Dow, a native of
Scotland, aged 43 years 3 months and 14 days.
FORD— In Virginia City, Nev.. July 23, 1899,
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of the late John
Ford ' and loving mother of Mrs. M. F. Joy
and Mrs. Walter Pearson, a native of County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 62 years.
The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from St. Ignatius Church, Hayes
street, near Van Ness avenue, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
rei...se of her soul, commencing after the
arrival of overland train from Virginia City,
N- ■■•■ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASKINS— this city, July 24. 1899, Bridget
M wife of the late D. M. Haskins. a native
of" Ardra. parish of Templeport, County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 52 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1213 Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, July 24, 1599, at St. Mary's
Hospital Thomas Lyons, a native of County
Roscommon, Ireland, aged 62 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from the hall of
the Knights of the Red Branch, 1133 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth, thence
by electric car to Holy Cross Cemetery.
ATTENTION! Knights of the Red Branch—
The funeral detail will assemble at their
hfcrti-Y d. IA-LAGHER CO..
(Successors to. Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st."! opposite Lincoln •ichooU
Telephone South 80.
-■ ■••'
hall. 1133 Mission street, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Thomas Lyons. By order
of the PRESIDENT.
MARTINEZ— this city, July 24. 1599, Joseph
Martinez, a native of California, aged 36
years.
MOORE— In this city. July 23. 1539, Patrick A.
Moore, beloved father of Mrs. W. J. Ros-
kamp, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aged 75 years.
MORSE— this city, July 24, 1899, Charles 8..
son of the late T. J. and Celia Morse, and
brother of Robert H., Susie A. and James E.
Morse, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years.
(ET" Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
MORTON— In this city, July 22. 1899, at 17148
Mason street. Dr. H. R. Mo-ton Sr.. beloved
husband of Lettie Morton, and father of Wil-
liam, Dr. H. R. Jr., John, Meliie. James,
Hesperian and Rocha Morton and Mrs. Louis
Hamburgher of Chicago, a native of Portu-
gal, aged 70 years.
E_rFriends and acquaintances and members
of Hesperian Grove No. 15. U. A. O. D., and
officers and members of the Grand Grove, and
the Portuguese Society are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall, 413 Sut-
ter street.
PHILBON— Oat Hill, Napa County, July
24, Miles A., dearly beloved husband of Mary
E. Phllbon. son of Mr. and Mrs. John Phil-
bon, brother of Mrs. Crone and Mattle and
George Philbon, and son-in-law of Mrs. Eu-
nice Leonard.
("""Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of Mrs. Eunice Leonard, 10<*S
Noe street. -» ; _
REAY— In this city. July 22, 1599. Alfred W.
Reay, a native of Staffordshire, England, aged
67 years 11 months and 19 days.
C_ - Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday i, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southeast corner of Turk street and
A'an Ness avenue. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
ROHRS— In this city. July 23. 1899, Friedericka,
beloved wife of Diedrich Rohrs, a native of
Breslau. Germany, aged 48 years and 17 days.
C - Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
by carriages. Please omit flowers.
SCORGIE— In the City and County Hospital,
July 23.- 1899, AA'illiam Scorgie, a native of
Scotland, aeed 4'< years.
IE? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Martin & Co.. lIS Geary street. .
TAYLOR— In this city, July 24, 1899, John Pres-
ton, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Taylor, and grandchild of Mrs. H. Stewart, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 days.
CC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 1022 Pacific street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
TEA"IS— In this city, Lloyd Tevis, a native of
Kentucky.
*_"■"" Funeral notice later.
WELCH- In this city, July 23, 1599, Estella J .
beloved daughter of James and Lizzie AVelch.
sister of Mamie. Irene and Robie AVelch. and
granddaughter of Thomas and Eliza AA'elch
of Haywards. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 11 months.
t_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 254 Ivy avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WIENER -In this city, July 24, 1599, Morris
H., relict of the late Augusta Wiener, and
father of Charles AA'iener and the late Fannie
Harris, a native of Posen, aged So years 3
months and 3 days.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G A Peterson, Ukiah Mrs D S Wilson. Ga
C O Johnson, S Rosa Mrs A M Mann, Ga
G W Bauman, Fresno Miss A Stallings, Ga
P Rose S Jose Miss M Johnson. Ga
C AY Seyde, I'kiah Miss S Crafts, Ga
R Reed &w. Chicago A Mikerllch. Sacto
Jli .st. Idaho J E Dorr, Fresno
Miss C Howard, Cal W A Hanford, S Mateo
G AA' Hook, 111 C S Fell ft w, Mont
W Stason, 111 D C Leer & f, Ind
Miss M L Scott, Idaho N J Bostwick _ w,
R A Ogg &w, Ind I Mont
I. Smith &w. Seattle Miss Ma. Kemp. Mont
E II Traxler & w, Cal W Berghott, Suisun
C B Scott, Fresno F Schmidt. Chicago
J AA" lain S Jose Mrs A M Adams, Cal
W L Tuttle, NY IF E Ray. Ukiah
Ie A Sawyer, Pa I B McCoy. Manila
Mrs E I. Martin. Ga A O Buck. Tex
Mrs J Goodall, Ga G Magean, <"al
Miss E Jones, Ga Miss M Murphy, Mo
PALACE HOTEL.
C Nagle, Chicago IH AA' Addis. N" V
Mrs C Nagle, Chicago A 11 Gardner, Ky
w S Jones, Texas a S Gardner, Ky
wPC Piper. France Miss Gardner, Ky
C F Blankington, N M J E Morris, N V
C O ■ .-k-.v-.iv, Mo Mrs J E Morris. N V
W C Gardiner, Chicago A AY Morse, Tesla
M o*Co_non, lowa Mrs A T Wan de Van-
W H Chickering, Oakld ter, Seattle ;,
L D Marks, Ohio J E Weed, Monterey
TII It. bbins, Boston [Miss M F Crosby, Cal
Mrs Robbins, Boston 'Miss Ii J Crosby. Montr
Miss M Gregory, Oaknd Miss M L Howard, Cal
Miss La Rant. Or' I Miss E Leach. Montery
T C Osborn, Pittsburg W H Roseland, Montry
A F Cassels. U S A I Miss E E Randall. <"al
It P Lane, Stockton ;Dr JII Bufford. Chgo
B B Rich, Oregon H A Bufford. Chicago
J W Fuller. St Paul !R B Fithian. L Ang
J W Pratt, Portland C B Paul. lowa
M L Pratt. Portland IB M Burnham. S Jose
J P Gordon. N V |AA' II Sadler, Md
Miss H A Grafton. Mln- Mrs W H Sadler. Ml
TS II Simpson, NY W h Frank. W A*a
M P Reynolds. Ohio (Mrs W H Frank. WVa
J Paulson, Portland G G Brown, Louisville
L Ballaln. Seattle Miss E B Brown. Ky
B Stub!. N V ! Miss E A Vaughn, Ky
3 A Chenslor, L Ang I Miss M c Booker, Ky
G Dawson, Chicago Mrs M C Milton. Ky
F McNally. Chicago Miss Ferguson, Ky
W G Klerchoff, L Ang |C L Robinson, Ky
E E Smith, Chicago Mrs Robinson, Ky
Mrs E E Smith. Chgo .Mrs J Glazebrook, Ky
O Gramm. Wyoming JII Phillips, Ala
AA' H Bernard, Colo IMiss J.-ninan, Ala
J Underwood, Chicago j Miss Cllsby, Ala
Mrs J C Noyes, Napa | E G Slsson. Chicago
F M Mooers. L Ang Mrs E G Sisson, Chgo
R Hallen, Chicago I
GRAND HOTEL.
T X Alnsworth. Los A.Mrs R II Case, do
as' F George. Sacto |R Case, do
Mrs II D Ellerbeck. L H Young, CastleCrae
Salt Lake I F H Lougton, Sacto
Misses A and G. Eller- W S Middlesworthiwf
beck. Salt Lake G A Frederick. Balto
H G Faust Jr. Salt L Mrs G A Frederick, do
L D Gates, Grass Val Miss X Frederick, do
<• H Eddy, Nevada Cy J C Black & Albion
W II Marts, San Jose Mrs J W Gearhart.Cal
Mrs C McClatchy and Miss C Gearhart. Cal
daughter, Sacto Mrs L H Row. ll. Cal
T H VanSlcklen.Belvdr C Leltz Jr. Deadwood
F Treskow. Crockett II C Brown, Custer
J M Scott & wf, Gai H Stewart & wf. Cal
D D Warner, Portland M Martinelli. Mexico
J D Biddle, Hanford J B Chlnn. Portervllle
M .1 McCabe, Portland G Mclimkin, Cal
Miss Bell, Portland Alex McDonald, Fla
E T Eldredge, Cal IW W Douglas, Sacto
Mrs A deF Smith. Ore II C Harvard, Cal
Miss M Smith, Portld P G Raaf, Cal
D W Peery, O T I Maude Frier. Mo
A S Hoyle. Chicago Elizabeth McHoag, do
II P Holmes. Portland Walter Elllst. Cal
H L Pickett. Salt Lake F AY Dean, Courtland
G L Rubies & wf, Ariz H E Detmar. Redding
B F Shepherd, Fresno Miss Mary Glides, Cal
R N* Bulla. Los Angls C A Campbell, Cal
A E Bauk-h. Gold Hill R Rowlands. Cal
Miss X Hawthorn Utah John Spaulding, Cal
Miss F Hawthorn. Ohio J E Lombard. I' S T S
J AY Daniels, Boise D P Stone, Cal
II A Preston & wf. I P B Lot & chil, Cal
Battle Creek X R Marks & wf. 111
M Monty. Battle Creek Elsie Marshall, do
Miss B Thompson, do Maggie Thompson, Mo
B F Leete. Reno T C Johnston. Cal
Miss G G Smith. Gal M R Simpson, BattleC
Mrs N* Walters. Ariz W G Simpson. Cal
Miss Walters, do AA* P Evans & wf. Mo
A." AY Campbell Miss Laura Love, Mo
Miss E Knight, Redwd
AFTER A HUNDRED YEARS.
Mrs. Olbrecht, a Centenarian, in
Need of a Guardian.
After over 100 years of toil and saving
Mrs. Ann Olbrecht has accumulated prop
erty valued at $109,000, but now her mind
is clouded with age, and yesterday Mrs.
Sarah Borland made application to be ap
pointed guardian of the. centenarian's es
tate. Mrs. Olbrecht, it is alleged In the
petition, was born in Germany June 29,
1798. She has $74,000 on deposit in the
Hibernia Bank and property on Mason
street valued at $35,000. Mrs. Borland, who
is a niece of the centenarian, alleges that
by reason of her great age she Is weak
to both body and mind, is incompetent in
consequence to manage her property, and
i there is danger that she may lose it or
'be imposed upon and give it away. Al
-1 though wealthy, Mrs. Olbrecht, it Is said
I by the petitioner, has for some years past
refused to support herself, and in conse
quence Mrs. Borland has been forced to
bear the expense. The petition will be
heard by Judge Troutt to-morrow.
ASH BARRELS CONDEMNED.
j Board of Health Begins Its Inspec
■ tion of Chinatown.
The Board of Health descended en force
i upon Chinatown yesterday and condemned '
two broken down ash barrels and a de
! fective sewer connection. It was the first
I day of what the board intends shall be a
thorough house to house inspection, and it
was participated in Uy a _quad of eight
police. Inspectors Devoto. Gans, Benja
min and Beyreuther and Secretary Den
nery and Dr. Lawlor.
Merely a cursory survey of the district
was taken in order that a definite plan
of action might be better mapped out. Be
yond an inspection of the Hotel Nymphia,
the condemnation of a sewer connection
at 705 Stockton street and the suggestion
to a couple of property owners that iron
ash barrels be used Instead of the wooden
ones on the premises, nothing was done.
The inspectors and police will resume
i their duties this morning.
PLEADING FOR
AN INCREASE IN
APPROPRIATIONS
Supervisors Listen to
Various Prayers.
— —
NYMPHIA ORDERED CLOSED
— ♦ —
BALDWIN WANTS TO PUT A ROOF
ON HIS BUILDING.
. «
Petitions Presented and Resolutions
— Market-Street Railway
Sends in Its Annual Finan
cial Report.
The Supervisors, with his Honor the
Mayor in the chair, listened yesterday
afternoon to deputations from the Health
Department, the County Clerk's office, the
City and County Hospital and the Street
Department, all intent upon impressing
the minds of the city fathers that the
appropriations allowed them under the $1
tax levy will fall far short of the actual
and absolute necessities of each depart
ment. --".l:y - . ":■ >-•■".
Supervisors Attrldge, Black, Byington,
Deasy, Heyer, Holland, Kalben, Lack
mann, Perrault and Phelps made up the
quorum. The regular business was waived
and the crying demands of the depart
ment orators were heard.
Joseph Goddard. chief deputy of the
County Clerk, was given first chance. He
took oath that $90,000 was the minimum
limit at which his office could exist. The
former figure allowed was $110, and
less than $90,000, he said, would be de
structive. "The business of the office will
be paralyzed and crippled and the work
never up to date unless we get at least
$90,000," iterated Goddard, after reading
a tabulated statement which contained
the records of former years and which
he produced as conclusive evidence of his
case.
Dr. Sussdorf was the pleader for the
City and County Hospital. He implored
for a raise on account of necessary re
pairs, past expenditures and future im
provements. He claimed that the.re was
no place to isolate contagious diseases;
that the nurses needed a new building,
and many other improvements should be
set on foot. Perrault asked Dr. Sussdorf
if it were true that the Merchants' Asso
ciation would recommend $111,000 for the
use of the City and County Hospital. The
doctor said he had not heard of it, nor
did he have an idea what appropriation he.
would get. " '*■•.-
Dr. Barbat trumpeted the demands of
the Health Department.
A. M. Donovan, chief deputy of the
Street Department, recited a long list of
expenses that would have to be Incurred.
He did not see how the $l-*o,4w reduction
could be met, and begged a greater ap
propriation for the life of his department.
W. R. Hewitt of the fire-alarm service
was next, and he likewise displayed a
tendency toward the desire for more.
The Mayor listened patiently, interro
gating the pleaders from time to time. The
entire matter was put over for consider
ation until to-morrow evening at S
o'clock, when the board will convene for
the sole purpose of the discussion of these
demands.
Assessor Dodge has notified the board
of his estimate on taxable properties. It
is as follows:
Honorable Board of Supervisors of the City
and County of San Francisco — Re
plying to your request per resolution No. 3163
(fourth series), would say I think it safe to
estimate tZS6 000, 000. with of course the usual
allowances for shrinkage due to delinquencies,
etc. The amount on the rolls over and above
$356. 000, 000— namely, about "115,000,000— wi1l be
contested in the courts and in my opinion can
not be safely included in the total of the roll
for the purposes of estimating the rate. Re
spectfully yours, WASHINGTON DODGE.
Upon a resolution introduced by Holland
to close the Nymphla. Thomas B. O'Brien,
representing a committee to state the op
position to these houses of ill fame on the
part of the residents of that district, arose
and set forth the requests of his constit
uents. The board immediately voted upon
the resolution and the Nymphla received
its final death stroke. It was declared a
public nuisance and was ordered closed.
A resolution was adopted directing the
experts of the board to prepare a list of
supplies furnished the various depart
ments not under contract during the last
three months, together with tne prices
charged for the various articles. A copy
of the list must be furnished to each of
the board before July 31.
E. J. Baldwin has petitioned the Super
visors for permission to place a metal or
asphaltum roof on the premises known
us the Baldwin Hotel building, over the
first story, with thirteen-lnch brick par
tition walls not more than 100 feet apart,
and finish the stores and basements for
rental. , . _ ,
The Mayor's A*eto of the resolution al
lowing pool-selling and betting at dog
races was sustained. Deasy, Heyer, Hoi
land, Lackmann and Byington voted
against it. '--'-''.''?-- ', i,  _
Holland withdrew his resolution which
provided for a reception committee to wel
come the California volunteers.
The American Fire Engine Company
was allowed $4940 for a metropolitan steam
engine and the bill ordered paid. Bills
for $3013 75 for hydrants were ordered
paid to the Risdon Iron Works from tne
general fund. ". i" -,__,,-
Deeds were accepted from Lizzie Carr
of the property on Twenty-fifth street,
from San Jose avenue to Guerrero street.
A communication was received from the
Market-street Railway Company setting
forth the earnings of the line for the
year ending December 31. 189*. This is
in accordance with statute. The report
is as follows:
Under order 2063, finally approved and passed
June 17. 1889: "*--..
From the railroad on Sonora and Ne
braska streets and San Bruno ave
nue road _ 12.111 28
From Ellis-street road, Leavenworth
to Market street 24.144 90
From railroad on Jackson street, from
Montgomery to Kearny 362 04
Order No. 2304, finally approved and passed
December 23. 1890:
From the railroad on Broadway from
East street to Kearny street $26,535 99
From the railroad on Sacramento
street, from Walnut to and along
Lake street and Sixth avenue to
D street 18,724 30
From the railroad on Eddy street,
from Market street to Devlsadero
street ••"• ;•••;• 40.512 54
From the railroad on Fulton street.
Seventh avenue to Nineteenth ave
nue ••••' 194 15
Under order No. 2311. finally approved and
passed December 29. 1S90: .■ . -.-_=•£
From the railroad on Carl street.
First avenue, I street and Ninth
avenue •• _'__:_, — $2,122 * 9
From the railroad on Hyde and O Far
rell streets, from Ellis street to
Scott street 31,669 84
From the railroad on Mason street.
from Turk street to Eddy street... 1,266 14
Under said order No. 2311 and order No. 2407,
approved July 14. 1891:
From the railroad on Page street,
from Masonic avenue to Stanyan
street $12. 62
Under order No. 2312, approved December 20,
1890'
From the railroad on Page street. Ma
sonic avenue and Frederick street. $16,986 47
Under order No. 2469, approved November 13,
1891: '"-'-' '*■**■ '■'*'■•
From the railroad on Solano street,
from Kentucky street to Sixteenth
street $20,718 05
Under order No. 2541, approved June 3, 1892:
From the railroad on Sixteenth and
Fillmore streets $119.927 29
Under order No. 2389, approved December 6,
lSi_ :
From the railroad on Devlsadero
street, from Page to Jackson
street $68,243 11
From the railroad on Twenty-second
and Twenty-fourth streets, from
Mission street to Hoffman avenue.. $24,730 06
Said' gross receipts amounting in the whole
to $483,774 57. and that 2 per cent of such gross
receipts amounts to $9,715 49.
PETITIONS RECEIA'ED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
Imperial Tea Company, for permission to sus
pend a sign 12 by 15 feet above the sidewalk
and 10 feet from the front of the premises at
JT9 Hayes street: B. F. Friedlander. for per
mission to erect an iron shed and electric sign
combined over the sidewalk in front of the
California Theater: Hannah Brothers, for per
mission to alter and repair premises at 1108 to
1124" Stockton street: Alt & AA'elss. for permis
sion to erect a small sign in front of 1226 Pa
cific- street: property owners, requesting the
board to Include In the next tax levy an amount
sufficient to Improve that portion of Lafayette
Park which fronts on Washington street, be
tween Gough and Octavia; Benjamin M. Gunn !
& Co., agents, for permission to use a portion j
of the sidewalk for the covering of a cigar [
stand on the west side of Leidesdorff street, !
near Pine; Thomas J. Cleary. for a grant of j
land in the Western Addition, block 151; Charles
A. Reynolds, for the removal of two saloons j
from off the public streets, one on the crossing c
of Sixth' and Hooper and the other on the cross
ing of Sixth and Irwin streets.
.'- PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
E. S. Johnson, against the construction of a i
sidewalk on the north side of Broadway, between
Fillmore and Steiner streets; property owners,
against the grading of San Bruno avenue, be
tween Fifteenth and Division streets; property
owners, against the construction of a sewer,
etc.. in the crossing of San Bruno avenue and |
Alameda street; property owners, against the
con-traction of a sewer in San Bruno avenue, j
between Alameda and Division streets; Mrs.
Susan Lowe, against the construction of a I
sewer in San Bruno avenue, between Fifteenth
and Alameda streets; property owners, against
the paving of York street, between Twenty- ;
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets; property own
ers, against the paving of Cole street, between '
Haves and Fell; property owners, against the I
laying of artificial stone sidewalks on south side
of Haight street, between Fillmore and Stelner.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were received
and referred to the proper committees:
North Central Improvement Association, call- ,
ing attention to the resolution passed by the
beard by which the Finance Committee is in
structed to provide the sum of $".0, from the !
street department fund In the next tax levy, to
be used solely for the purpose of paying one
half the cost of repaying streets within the I
district represented by the association; Mer
chants' Association, reporting that an investi- .
gation has been made of the question of bidding
for fire department supplies, that the present
system is unbusinesslike and not economical,
and submitting a plan for purchasing supplies;
l American Electrical and Engineering Associa
| tion of Chicago, stating it would like to com
pete for the work of drawing up plans, specifi
cations and estimates to place all electric wires
I underground in conduits in this city; Mer
chants' Association, submitting draft of an or
der suggested for passage, whereby the wheels
of wagons will run or be operated on the outer
rail of a street railroad: West of Castro Street
Improvement Club, with copy of a resolution
calling upon all citizens and organized bodies
! to strenuously protest against absolving the
! members of the Board of Supervisors from their
I pledge not to exceed the $1 limit of taxation.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent- of Streets recommended j
the performance of street work as follows:
Artificial stone sidewalk in front of north- |
westerly line of Minna street, between Fourth •
and Fifth, commencing at a point 133 feet ]
northerly from Fifth street and running north
easterly along northwesterly line of Minna
street a distance of 159 feet; artificial stone ,
sidewalks in front of lots on southeasterly line |
of Minna street, between Fourth and Fifth,
commencing at a point on said southeasterly ;
line of Minna, 145 distant northeasterly from ;
Fifth street and running northeasterly along
southeasterly line of Minna street 74 feet: grad- >
ing of crossing of San Bruno avenue and
Seventeenth street and the construction of a
12-inch ironstone pipe sewer in northerly and
southerly portions. S-inch ironstone pipe sewer j
in westerly portion, 10-inch ironstone pipe j
eewer in easterly portion, with manhole and |
cover In center of said crossing and cesspool
and culverts in northwesterly, southwesterly
and southeasterly corners; a 14-inch ironstone |
pipe sewer, with three manholes, in Tilden I
street, between Castro and a point in center i
line of Tilden street, distant 251 feet westerly :
from Castro street, and to connect with sewer ,
ln Castro street; grading of crossing Of san
Bruno avenue and Mariposa street and con
struction of an S-inch sewer in easterly and
westerly portions, a 12-lnch Ironstone pipe
sewer in northerly and southerly portions,
with manhole and covers in center of said
crossing and cesspool and culvert on south
easterly and southwesterly corners: grading
San Bruno avenue between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth streets to official line, and 12-Inch
sewer with two manholes and covers to con
nect with sewer in Sixteenth street; 8-inch
sewer in northerly, easterly and southerly por
tions of crossing of Vermont and Nineteenth j
streets, a 10-inch sewer in westerly portion, j
with manhole and cover in center of crossing I
and cesspool and culvert In northeasterly, ;
southeasterly and southwesterly corners; grad
ing San Bruno avenue, between Mariposa and ]
Eighteenth streets, 12-inch sewer and cover
therein; 12-inch sewer, with two manholes and
covers in San Bruno avenue, between Seven
teenth and Mariposa streets; grading of cross
ing, Eight.nth street and San Bruno avenue,
12-inch sewer in northerly and southerly por
tions, 10-inch sewer in easterly portion and
S-inch sewer in westerly portion, with a man
hole in center of said crossing and a cesspool
and culvert on northeasterly, southeasterly and
southwesterly corners; S-inch sewer, with two
manholes and covers in A'ermont street, be
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth streets;
8-inch sewer, with two manholes and covers in
Vermont street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth; grading of Eighteenth street, between
Kansas and Vermont, 10-inch sewer, with man
hole and cover; 8-lnch eewer in northerly and
southerly portions of crossing of Eighteenth
and Vermont streets, 10-inch sewer in east
erly and westerly portions, with manhole and
cover in center of crossing and cesspool and
culvert in northeasterly, southeasterly and
southwesterly corners; grading of Eighteenth
street, between A'ermont street and San Bruno
avenue, 10-Inch sewer, with manhole and cover;
granite curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on
Central avenue, between Waller street and
Buena Vista avenue, basalt block gutterways
and paving roadway with cobbles; Kansas
street, between Eighteenth and Nineteenth,
grading to official line, 10-inch sewer, with two
manholes and covers; crossing at Kansas and
Eighteenth streets, grading. 10-inch sewer in
southerly and westerly portions. 8-inch sewer
ln easterly and northerly portions, with man
holes and cover in center of crossing and cess
pool and culvert in southeasterly and south
westerly corners.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
the following street work by private contract
were finally adopted:
Dennison Contracting Company, to grade and
macadamize the roadway and sidewalks and to
curb northerly half of L street between Ninth
and Tenth avenues; J. J. Dowling & Co., to
lay granite curbs and pave with bituminous
rock Burritt street, off Bush, between Stock
ton and Powell: San Francisco Paving Com
pany, to pave with bituminous rock and lay
granite curb on Masonic avenue between Oak
and Page streets; Pacific Paving Company, to
lay granite curb and pave with bituminous
rock Linden avenue between Buchanan and
Webster streets; also directing Superintendent
of Streets to contract with J. J. Dowling &
Co. to lay artificial stone sidewalk in front
of city property on Sanchez street between Six
teenth and Seventeenth streets at a cost not
to exceed $255: also to place AA'ashington street
from Battery to East street on street-sweeping
schedule as of the first class: also reducing
width of sidewalks on East avenue between
Holly Park avenue and Andover avenue from
13 to 10 feet.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
street work by private contract were passed
to print as follows:
City Street Improvement Company, to lay
granite curb and pave with bitumen Cole street
between Hayes and Fell: also Clayton between
Hayes and Fell; San Francisco Paving Com
pany to pave crossing Washington and Laurel
streets with bitumen; Pacific Paving Company,
to lay granite curbs and pave with bitumen
Clay street between Spruce and Maple; Fllnn
& Treacy, to construct a 12-inch sewer, to lay
granite curbs and to pave with cobbles (except
the intersection of Thirteenth and Devisadero.
which shall be paved with bitumen to the
center line of Thirteenth) Thirteenth street be
tween Alpine and Castro streets.
CONTRACTS FOR STREET WORK.
Resolutions were passed to print awarding
contracts for the following street work:
Granite curbs on northerly side of Eighteenth
street between Dolores and Church for a dis
tance of M feet from the northwest corner of
Dolores and Eighteenth streets: roadway to be
paved with bitumen, and artificial stone side
walk on northerly line of Eighteenth street
from Dolores 393 feet northerly; Pacific Paving
Company— paving. 22 cents per square foot; ar
tificial stone sidewalks, 11 cents per square
foot: granite curbs, 90 cents per lineal foot.
ORDERING STREET WORK.
Resolutions ordering the following street
work were passed to print:
Artificial stone sidewalk, on Shotwell street,
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth: 16-inch
ironstone pipe sewer, with two manholes and
covers, to be constructed in Bryant street, be
tween Twenty-sixth and Army streets, to con
nect with sewer in Army street: 14-inch iron
stone pipe sewer, with two manholes and cov
ers, to be constructed in Fifteenth street, from
Castro to the westerly termination of Fifteenth
street, to connect with sewer in Castro street;
three-foot plank sidewalks, en Eighth avenue,
between H and I streets; artificial stone side
walks, on southwesterly corner of Spruce and
Washington streets.
STREET WORK ACCEPTED.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were adopted as follows:
Army street, between San Jose avenue and
Guerrero street, bitumen; Laurel street, be
tween Washington and Jackson, basalt and bi
tumen; Alabama street, between Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth, bitumen.
Resolutions wera passed to print accepting
the following street work:
Crossing of Hayes street and Masonic ave
nue, bitumen; Thirteenth street, between
Church and Sanchez and crossing of Sixteenth
and Church streets, bitumen.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Resolutions declaring intention to order
street work were passed as follows:
Redwood curbs, on Ninth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, and
roadway to be regraded and remacadamized;
roadway of crossing of Union and Franklin
i streets, to be paved with bituminous rock;
; cesspool, culverts, granite curbs and artificial
| stone sidewalks, to be constructed on the
i northwesterly corner of the crossing of Bay
! street and Montgomery avenue and roadway
of said crossing to be paved with basalt blocks:
granite curbs on Buchanan street, between
j Union and Filbert streets, and roadway paved
with bituminous rock; artificial stone side
walks, on Monroe street, between Bush and
Pine.
EXTENSION OF TIME.
Resolutions granting extensions of time on
contracts for street work were passed as fol
lows:
Flinn & Treacy. thirty days on contract for
paving the crossing of Central avenue and
Haight street and for constructing a sewer in
the Intersection of Joost. Circular and San
Jose avenues and Diamond street.
TIME EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that extensions of time for the performance of
street work be granted as follows:
Quinby & Harrelstm, sixty days on contract
for construction of ■ concrete arch bridge at
the crossing of Berkshire street an.i th«
Southern Pacific Railroad: property-owners
ninety days on contract to pave Lombard
street, between Polk and Van Ness avenue.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
Objections to the construction of a sewer in
North street. between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second, were overruled.
The action of the board in declaring its in
tention to order repairing of Bush street was
A resolution was passed to print authorizing
the Potrero Land Improvement Company ''
grade in front of its property on lowa street,
between Twentieth and Twenty-second; also
granting permission to Albert Meyer to grade,
macadamize, etc-., in front of his property on
westerly half of Eighteenth avenue, between
II and I streets, and southerly half of H
street and northerly half of L between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth avenues; also per
mission to G. F. Gray to construct 88 9-12
lineal feet of sidewalk on east side of AA'tn
throp street. 68 9-12 feet west of Lombard.
A resolution was passed directing the City
Engineer to make the necessary surveys an.i
profiles and to report to the board the proper
grades to be established in the district bounded
by H street. Thirty-first avenue, X street and
Thirty-fourth avenue, at a contingent expense
of $485; also for the district bounded hy H
street and Twenty-eighth avenue. X street and
Thirty-first avenue, at a contingent expense of
$455: also to make necessary changes In sewer
plan at Twenty-second and lowa streets: also
to examine into petition of property-owners
for surveys and establishment of lines in San
Miguel and Getz's Addition tracts.
Athens Camp of Woodmen.
Past Consul Commander Dr. F. L.. Peas-?
has Installed the following officers of
Athens Camp, Woodmen of the World:
William P. Courtney, consul commander;
Louis Schaffer, adviser lieutenant; C. W.
Briggs, escort; C. Thomas, manager; M.
Xeilson, watchman; A. N. Humphrey,
sentry. The ceremony of Installation be
ing at an end there was an adjournment
to the banquet room, where some time
was spent discussing a collation and lis
tening to addresses and songs, after which
there was a dance until midnight. This
camp, the youngest in Oakland, has on its
roll the names of a number of well-known
business men of that city, and its mem
bership Increases at each meeting.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t-^ Steamers leave Broadway
fcljfe- M wharf. San Francisco:
Bti«___ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
|{-Sjjig|23Sl|k July 25. 30, August 4, change
i ___2£-t __% For Victoria, Vancouver cb.
EhH_____Ll c -)> Port Townsend, Seattle,
f "**^k__&__\ Tacoma, Everett, Anao^r'e*
* and New Whatcom (AA"ash.),
10 a. m., July 25. 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
A'ancouver to C. P. Ry. _""•■' . ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
23. 28, August 2. and every fifth day there-
a For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Oaviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
c an Pedro East San Pedro (Los AngeleS) and
Newnort. 9 a. m.. July 23, 27. 31. August 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
'ord (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. July 25, 29. August 2. and every fourth day
' For a En«enada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. ah of each
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i and hours of sailing. ■'
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC Sl2 First Class Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
State of California sails July 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAT. CAPE
NOME, DAAVSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BERTHA,
Carrying U. S. Mall,
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
■ above points, making prompt connections with
■ our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
: apply to
i ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
i 310 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every AA'ednesday, 10 a. m.
New York August 2: New York.... August 23
Pt. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 3')
St. Paul August 16.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Adria July 26 ' Kensington Aug. IS
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9 1
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st. . or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
i YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
| Kobe (Hioga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers fcr
i India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf sailing.
AMERICA MARL* Wednesday, July 21
HONGKONG MARU Thursday AoarMM 17
NIPPON MARTT Tuesday. September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent
COMPASNIB GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. 'jt____
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <__(£__.
from Pier 42. North River, foot of :-»" -W">
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Jaly 29; LA
TOURAINE. August 5; LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12; LA BRETAGNE, Aueust 19; LA
NORMANDIE. August 26. First-class to
■ Havre. 165 and up—ard, 5 per cent reduction
lon round trip. Second-class to Havre. $45. 10
i i per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
i ' AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
• Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
P-88-MTMI The S. S. Australia
__J__Klc_Z !! alls for Honolulu
__ -"--«*» AVfdnesday. July 28.
ma __. ./ at 2p. m.
l _^*'L" \ 8. 6. Moana sails
jMnrKhirw via Honolulu and
HMiIDIIIU--' Auckland for <*y-Ir^r
, -- _ CrStWirVDlX^ Wednesday. August "■
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
, Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Bues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
, I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
• Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIV__B ST_L__M_:_ia
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
1 Will leave AA'ashington-street wharf at Ba. in.
1 : daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
; daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
1 leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
; dally (excepting Sunday).
1 CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
' Telephone Main SO3. ________________
• FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. AA"ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
1 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:3": Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
il FARE «**■
1112
WELCOME HOME FOR
NEBRASKA'S HEROES
A Repetition of the Examiner Out=
rage to Be Prevented,
Governor Poynter Will Provide the Returning Troops
With All the Clothing They Need— A Royal
Reception Promised by Officials.
THE Examiner will have no oppor
tunity to seek out of the Nebraska
troops such cheap and shameful
notoriety as whs sought to be
gained out of the Oregon volun
teers. Congressman H. J. Starke of
Nebraska and T. H. Barry of the same
State have arrived in the city to await
.the coming of the Nebraska troops
from the Philippines. The distin
guished visitors will be joined to-day
by ths Governor of Nebraska, who will
head the Avelcoming legation and give
to he returning soldiers an official
greeting and congratulations. The Ne
braska officers are proud of the record
of their State volunteers in the Philip
pines and careful preparations have
been made to make the soldiers feel
that their valor is honored by those
that know them in their homes.
First of all, the visitors will see that
every Nebraska trooper that needs
clothing of any sort will be amply and
quickly provided for without the im
pertinent and uncalled for suggestion
or interference of the local yellow jour
nal. The soldiers will have ail they
need, if they need any, owing to the
forethought and provision of the State
authorities of Nebraska. One lesson of
indecent greed for notoriety, such as
the Examiner showed in reference to
the Oregon troops, was enough for the
returning volunteers.
The soldiers of Nebraska are expected
to arrive in the city next Saturday.
They will be welcomed by the high rep
resentatives of their own State and un
questionably receive the honors that
were shown by the people of San Fran
cisco to the soldiers of Oregon. Con- ;
egress-man Starke and Adjutant General
Barry have thought very little of pleas- j
ure since their arrival here. Their pur- |
pose in coming was to prepare a Avel- j
come to the troops of their State, and
this the visitors set about doing at
once.
During the day the visitors were the
guests of Congressman Julius Kahn. i
They were introduced to prominent !
Federal officials at this port and to the
members of the State Harbor Commis
sion. Assurances were given that the ;
Government tug is at the service of the
Nebraska representatives whenever it
Is needed. It will probably not be called
into requisition until it steams down
the bay to welcome the returning sol- ■
diers. EA-ery courtesy to the home- |
coming volunteers will be shown by the I
harbor and Federal authorities.
Congressman Starke and Adjutant
General Barry will visit the Presidio to
day to look after the sick and wounded j
soldiers of Nebraska that have already J
returned from the Avar. Nothing that j
may be done to make these men com- j
fortable or to relieve their sufferings J
will be neglected. More than this. Con- j
gressman Starke and Adjutant General j
Barry are determined that the return- i
ing soldiers of Nebraska shall not bee
treated as mendicants. If they need
any underclothing, uniforms or over- |
MINERS TO ENTERTAIN
VISITING BRETHREN
GENEROUS PROGRAMME OUT
LINED LAST NIGHT.
A Meeting of the Mining Association
Which Amply Provides for the
Welfare of the Guests Ex
pected September 25.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the American Miners' Association took
piace in the Maple Room of the Palace
Hotel last evening at 8 o'clock. W. C.
Ralston presided, and E. H. Benjamin, the
regular secretary, tilled his usual otflce.
The object of the meeting was to pro
vide a programme for the entertainment
of the guests that re expected to arrive
here on September 24 to attend the regu
lar annua) convention of the National As
sociation of Mining Engineers; which will
. be held in this city on September 25.
Of the I* members belonging to the
association fully 800 are expected to put
in an appearance, and in order that they
niay be properly ' ken care of the fol
lowing gentlemen were appointed a com
mittee to look aft.-! their welfare: A.
A. Watkins, Andrew Carrigan, 8. J.
Hendy, Joseph Sloss and F. M. Leland.
The arriving delegates will spend about
three days in the city, when they will be
taken on a tour of the entire State,
which will embrace an Inspection of tit.-'
"New Almaden quicksilver mines. Lick
Observatory, the Grass Valley, Nevada
City, Auburn and Oroville mining dis
tricts. The dredging plant at the latter
place will be inspected and then. aft-T
a look at th" 'I'c si.i coal mining proper
ties near Livermore, the visitors will be
taken to the Yosemite and thence sent
home by the way of Los Angeles.
COURT NOTES.
Marie Peltz. through her attorney, T>. !
'C. Plstolesi, filed suit yesterday against '
• Josephine Bush. Joseph Demartlni. James
McCaffany and Henry Panhorst to re
cover possession of the premises at 722
Commercial street and for $1000 damages
for alleged Illegal eviction.
Suit was filed yesterday by the Califor
nia Safe Deposit and Trust Company
against S. P. Lunt to recover $5988 80 ad
vanced to the Interior Development Com
pany. Lain I being an indorser of the paper
held by the plaintiff In evidence of the
debt. .". ■'-•:'
Nettie R. Craven yesterday filed notice
of appeal t.i the Supreme Court from hi
order made by Judge Troutt denying her
the right to Intervene In the contest of
the will of the late James G. Fair insti
tuted by the decedent's son, Charles L.
Fair. Mrs. Craven seeks to intervene in
tbe contest as the alleged widow of the
dead capitalist.
Alfred Chaigneau filed suit yesterday
against his mother, Mrs. Vlctoire Chaig- I
neau. as executrix of the will of the late
Frederick Kennedy, to recover $4692 for
moneys advanced and services rendered
for Kennedy prior to his death, in May,
1898.
A default was ordered entered yester
day by Judge Bahrs against the Blanch
ard Company for failure to join issues
in the action brought by Margaret Holg^r
to recover $20,000 for the death of her hus
band. William Bolger, who was killed by
the breaking of an iron band around the
foremast of the ship Alice Blanchard, the
property of the defendant corporation.
• The court will now take testimony and as
certain the amount of damages to be
swarded Mrs. Bolger for her loss.
George Townley, a young man who stole
a gold watch belonging to 1-. JUL Freer,
I coats they will be provided with what
! their necessities call for by authority
of their State. No unwarranted, trum
pet blaring interference will be toler
ated by the Nebraskans from the local
yellow journal. Major Long will be no
j tified to this effect and will be shown
! the authority under vvhiclj, the Gover
j nor of Nebraska and his associates act.
The exact form the welcome of the
! Nebraska veterans will assume has
i not, as yet, been definitely settled
. upon, nor wiil the arrangements be
I fully completed until after a consulta-
I tion is had with the Governor, when
| he arrives in this city this evening.
But according to the rough outline
j of the programme, as given last night
j by Cadet Taylor, who has also come
j from Omaha to welcome the boys, who
i have sacrificed so much for the honor
jof their country and their State, a
royal treat will be given. They will
j land and be mustered out in this city.
j Then they will be taken in charge by
I their own people and sent to their
j homes. But they will not go directly
there, unless they SO elect. If they
' wish it, they will be given a little trip
! around the country, taken to the va
rious points of interest and pleasure |
! along their route home and be afforded \
;an opportunity to enjoy themselves [
i generally. Possibly they will go as far j
i north as Portland. The entire expense j
! of the trip will cheerfully be borne by
j the people of the State to which they j
: haA'e brought so much honor and re- j
! nown, Of course this programme is j
: merely problematical. It. as does
everything else, depends entirely upon
I the wishes of the boys themselves.
Mr. Taylor said the first Idea was to :
I take the regiment to Omaha in a body
and, after entertaining it there tor a j
I few days, to send the different com- i
| panics home to the localities where j
, they were first organized. But this j
i plan raised so much protest from the j
I people of those localities who wished
i to be the first to welcome back the
heroes they had sent forth to the wars, ;
\ that it was finally abandoned. Now the
idea is to send each company directly
home as soon as the contemplated ;
' pleasure jaunt is finished.
Mr. Taylor is president of the Thurs
ton Rifies, an organization that was
I formed to care for the armory and look
i after the interests of its absent occu- ■,
pants.
The original Thurston Rides are now j
Company L, of the Nebraska Regiment
and in their ante-bellum days they
were the champion drill corps of the
entire United States.
From the reports we at home have j
: had of them they have certainly lost
none of the excellence of their former
! record.
i Among the returning troops are two
j whom Mr. Taylor will welcome with
I special pride and affection.
They are his sons. Major Wallace C. j
| Taylor and Herbert B. Taylor, first
J sergeant of Company L,.
2415 Buchanan street, was yesterday sen- j
tenced to six months in the County Jail
by Judge Conlan. -".' .
Special Officer Reilly of the telephone
company yesterday swore to a complaint
In Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of |
John Carr for petty larceny. He is ac
cused of robbing a telephone box of $2 M t
on August 9, '.- ■■ , _
Judge Treadwell held court in Judge
Conlan's courtroom yesterday afternoon
and left his silk hat and cane in tin
chambers. Judge? Conlan had occasion to
go Into the chambers during the after
noon and when leaving unthinkingly
locked the door. Judge Treadwell after
adjourning court had to wait till a ladder
was procured and entrance effected
through the transom before lie got his j
hat and cane.
A bond was accepted by Judge Conlan
Saturday for $2000 for the release of Cad
Williams, the woman held for grand lar- j
ceny, hut yesterday Bond Inspector New- |
man notified the Judge that the bond was j
not sufficient. The sureties were M. Levy,
proprietor of a saloon at IT East street. |
and George W. Wood. The woman was '
surrendered by the bondsmen and Lev) j
said he would put up $1000 cash.
The preliminary examination of John A. -
Shackleton, charged with robbery on the |
complaint of Deputy County Clerk Wil- j
liams for the alleged theft of a gold pin
valued at $12 from his "Wife. Ellen Wii- I
Hams, in a saloon at Twenty-fourth an .
York streets, was commenced before
Judge Treadwell yesterday. Clarence
Gray, attorney for the defendant, told
the court that Williams had threatened
to shoot Shackleton and asked the pro
tection of the court, but the Judge said
It was only a bluff. After hearing the
evidence of Mrs. Williams the case was
continued.
VALLEY ROAD PROGRESSION.
Chief Engineer W. B. Storey Tells of
tne Work That Is Acccmplish.d.
Captain A. H. Paytson and W. B. Storey
of the Valley road have returned from a
tour they have been making over the line
in the vicinity of Stockton, Bakersfield
and Fresno. They seem quite pleased with
the way the work is progressing and re
port everything favorable along those
portions of the road they' visited.
The three drawbridges over the San
Joaquin. Middle and Old rivers are get
ting along in such shape that it will not
be long before passengers will be trav
eling clear across the entire breadth of
the overflowed lands west of Stockton.
All Hi.- piers of the bridges that will
span the San Joaquin and Middle rivers
are already In, and the piles of the bridge
over Ik' Old river have all been driven
and are now being sawed off. This .saw
lng-off process is being accomplished by
machinery at a depth of thirty feet un
der water. The work on these struc
tures has been considerably delayed by
the difficulty in getting the steel orders
; from the Bast. The factories at which
; they have been placed are so congested
i with work that it has been impossible
feci- them to deliver the goods in any
thing like the time expected. When the
steel does arrive the completion of the
work on the bridges will only be a mat-
I ter of about three months' time.
The Fresno passenger depot Is nearing
I its finish, and in less than sixty days it
is expected to be open for business, It
: Is an exceedingly handsome structure and
has had a great deal of pains and money
expended on its erection. The new yard
! buildings at Bakersfield are all up and
' the workmen there are now merely oc
; cupied in cleaning and doing odds anl
| ends of unfinished work.
» ♦ ■ •
Several members of the crew of a sugar
laden ship lately arrived at Philadelphia
! were afflicted with blindness in the moon
light and starlight of night when in the
tropics, though they could see quite clear
ly as soon as the sun rose. They attrib
] uted it to fumes from the sugar but
their captain was inclined rather to lay
[ it to an excessive use of tobacco.
THE SA_> T FT-AXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 25, _,-*-9r>.
DEATH SUDDENLY
CALLS LLOYD TEVIS
LLOYD TEVIS, the well known capitalist, died last night at the family
residence, 1316 Taylor street, after an illness of two weeks. At his bed
side at the last moment were Mrs. Tevis. Mrs. Gordon ""'landing, nis
daughter; Dr. Harry Tevis, Hugh Tevis and William S. Tevis, his sons.
The other daughter, Mrs. Fred Sharon, is at present In Paris.
In spite of the fact that Mr. Tevis was 75 years of age no fears of a fatal
termination of his illness were entertained until almost the hour "it" his
death. His years always weighed lightly on him and till within two hours of
the drawing of his last breath the aged capitalist was in full possession of
his mental faculties, showing no sign of approaching dissolution.
A slight cold contracted two weeks ago \esterday was directly responsible
for his death. It settled upon him on the beat coming from San Rafael, at
which place he was stopping with Mrs. Tevis, having closed his town house
for the summer! When he reached his office In the Mills building he com
plained that he was not feeling well. Late in the day he called on his
physician. Dr. Hertzein, at the Waldeck Sanitarium, and upon advice went
to bed in that institution. Next morning he was feeling bright and .well, and
on the succeeding days until a week ago, when he was removed to his Taylor
street residence, he appeared to be recovering.
Until two hours before his death last night he was perfectly conscious
of all that was transpiring around him, and while his children had gathered
at his bedside no one expected that the end was near. From 6 o'clock Mr.
Tevis sank rapidly. He died without a struggle.
Lloyd Tevis was born on March 20, 1 -.24 . In Shelbyville, Ky. When 18 years
of pge he read law under his father and assisted him In his duties as clerk of
the Circuit Court. In 1849, when the discovery of gold in California was the
absorbing excitement, he resolved to try his fortune in the new El Dorado.
He crossed the plains and prospected and dug ln El Dorado County with indif-^
ferent success, and then decided to mine no more. He went to Sacramento
and obtained a position In the Recorder's office. Foreseeing the growth ofj
the capital city, he operated in the purchase of property and in loans. James
B. Haggin. whom he had known in Kentucky, was then In Sacramento, and it
was here that the famous partnership of Haggin & Tevis was formed in
October, 1850. At first It was a partnership of law. but after a few years it
became, from the requirements of Its large capital, investments, enterprises
and interests, a copartnership soleiy of business and finance.
At an early period of telegraphy on this coast Mr. Tevis invested in the
venture, and to such good purpose that, by the management of the negotia
tions by which the State Telegraph Company sold out to the Western Union
Company, he made a clear profit of $_ihi,ooo in a few days without the
placing of a dollar of his own. He was one of the projectors of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, and was president of the company. The sale of the road
and franchises to the corporation now in possession was managed by him.
He was the projector and builder of the California Market In this city.
Mr. Tevis was foremost in starting the Pacific Express Company, which
finally caused Wells, Fargo & Co. to absorb It on conditions which gave to
himself and associates the control of the latter, of which he became the
president. He was a large owner in the Spring Valley Water Company, and
was interested in the Risdon Iron Works and the California-street Railroad.
He owned rich silver and gold mines in California, Nevada, Utah and Idaho,
and was one of the largest owners of improved land In this State. He was
also one of the original stockholders of the Bank of California.
Mr. Tevis was married in Sacramento on April 20. 1854, to Miss Susan G.
Sanders, daughter of Lewis Sanders Jr., a prominent citizen of that city and
also from Kentucky, of which State he had been Attorney General. Mrs.
Tevis and Mrs. Haggin were sisters. Mr. Tevis' widow, three sons and two
daughters survive him.
9
I
I
i
HEIRESS IS AN
EDITOR'S BRIDE
Miss Alice Clark of San
Jose Quietly Married to
Jerome A. Hart,
JEROME A. HART, editor of the Ar- j
gonaut, and Miss Alice Ann Clark, the
Ban Jose heiress, were quietly married
on Saturday last at the home of the !
bride, "WeyWOlde," Shirley avenue, San.
Jose.
More than a year ago the engagement
of the editor and the heiress was gos
siped about in select social circles, but
when approached on the subject the In
terested parties flatly denied th.- soft Im- j
peachment. The wedding of Saturday. j
therefore, although a surprise to the
friends of the contracting parties, was
JEROME A. HART.
not altogether unexpected.
On account of the recent death of the
bride's father the ceremony was extreme
ly private. Rev. Arthur H. Barnhisel.
pastor of the Presbyterian Church of Los
Gatos a university classmate of the
bride, performed the ceremony.
Mr and Mrs. Hart have gone South
for a bridal tour. The young bride Is the
daughter of the late W. S. Clark, the
Santa Clara millionaire. She is charming
and accomplished and under the terms
of her father's will has Inherited consid
erable property. Mrs. Hart is a woman
of considerable business ability. She is
the sole manager of the enormous estate
left by her father, and in order to fit her
self for the duties she knew would ulti
mately fall upon her she took a course
at the Hastings Law School while yet
her father lived to guide her with his
wise counsel. Besides her business quali
fications she excels as a sportswoman,
is an excellent driver and a fine swimmer.
Much of the Clark estate Is located in
this city. It Includes the Btudebaker
building at Tenth' and Market streets,
the Pacific-Union Club building and the
structure at the corner of Battery and
Market streets. ' ,:— _ • _. ._
Mr. Hart is a member of the Pactilc-
Unlon Club and editor of the Argonaut,
one of the most popular weekly prlodlcals
.on the coast.
Was Given Knockout Drops.
Guadaloupe Labrada, a Mexican, ' who
arrived in this city last Friday, was given
knockout drops in the Crystal Palace
lodging-house, on Broadway, Sunday
night, after which he was robbed of
about $70 in coin and other valuables. La
brada cannot speak English, but he was
accosted by an American on Sunday even
ing, who persisted in becoming familiar
with him. The latter followed the Mexi
can for several blocks and the pair were
Introduced by a Spaniard on Kearny
street later In the evening. Several drinks
were taken and Labrada invited the
American to his rooms in the Crystal Pal
ace lodging-house. When they arrived
there the guest produced two small bot
tles of beer, which the Mexican drank.
He immediately lapsed Into a stupor,
from which he awakened yesterday morn
ing. '- : :•' .;.
.as soon as Labrada regained his con
sciousness he found thai his trunk had
been searched and $•'■<> in Mexican money,
$7 In American money, a valuable watch
arid an umbrella were missing. He report
ed the matter to the police station yes
terday.
DEPUTIES AT LARGE.
Members of ths Foresters of America
Who Will Act as Organizers in
Their Districts.
At the last held meeting of the execu
tive council of the Forester? of America
the following named were appointed dep
uty grand chief rangers at large for their
respective districts, with power to act as
organizers, and as such are empowered to
organize new courts:
■Alameda County— C. J. O'Gara of Court Oak
land and. J. *\V. McCoy of Court Haywards.
Butte County— B. B. Collins of Court Butte.
Colusa and Glenn counties— R. J. Rower of
Court. Pride of Colusa.
Placer. Yuba and Sierra counties— C. H.
Potter of Court Pride of Marysville.
Calaveras and Amador counties— Steve An
gove of Court Jackson.
Tuolumne and Mariposa counties- George a.
Richards of Court Sonora.
Yolo County— George A. Rail of Court Star
of Woodland.
Contra Costa and Napa counties— James M.
Lac-Key of Court Columbia.
. Merced. Stanislaus, Madera, Kings. Tulare
and Fresno counties H. Kessei of Court Mer
ced. , - , •
Lake County— George A. McKinley of Court
Cinnabar. ': ;' i V
Los Angeles and Ventura counties— J. Eas
ter l of Court Sunset and A. G. Rivera of
Court Columbus.
Marin. Sonoma and Mendocino counties— E.
J. Hayden of Court Rafael.
. Monterey County— G. W. ■ Derrick of Court
Santa Lucia. • -:■".,'.
Nevada County— W. M. Avery of Court Gar
field.
Orange County— Charles F. Durfee of Court
Santa Ana.
San Diego County— Frank X. Wallace of
Court San Diego.
Alpine Mono and El Dorado counties-
H Skinner of Court Confidence.
Riverside and San Bernardino counties— C. M.
Dexter 'of Court Citrus.
Sacramento and San Joaquin counties— H. E.
Stevenson and W. A. Severy of Court Stock
ton. •'..'. ■'-■
•San Luis Obispo County— Warren M. John
of Court San Luis Obispo.
San Mateo County- Edward Stevens of Court
Madrone.
Santa Barbra County— J. F. Woods of Court
Castle Reck. ..'*.'•
Siskiyou and Modoc counties— F. B. Gong
wer of court Shasta.
Santa Cruz and San Renito counties — George
Staffker Jr. of Court Santa Cruz.
Trinity. Shasta and Tehama counties—
Trede of Court Red Bluffs.
Solano' County— J. J. Dolan of Court Far
ragut.
At the beginning of the year the mem
bership in this State wa5. 12,883. and.on the
;>m.i of June It numbered 13,145, showing a
net gain of 262. :..:..-w- s^. >
PRETTY ETHEL
JOHNSON ELOPES
WITH A DENTIST
Ellis Sweeney Is the
Benedict.
— ■• —
'TWAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
— •— —
THEY HAD ONLY KNOWN EACH
OTHER A FEW WEEKS.
»
Justice of the Peace Quinn of Oakland
Performed the Ceremony, and
Now the Young Couple
Are Happy.
Ethel Johnson*, petite and pretty, with
seventeen summers over her fluffy head, ;
I and Ellis Sweeney; a young dentist, who
| is quite a prominent figure on "the line,"
were star performers in a quiet elope
ment to Oakland last Friday morning,
where they were made man and wife very
much against the wishes of their parents.
Miss Johnson attended the Polytechnic ;
I High School and has hosts of friends in i
I this city. She resides at 522 Ellis street.
The marriage ceremony was performed i
by Justice of the Peace Quinn. The young
couple had only known each other a few
j weeks. They met at a social function held
j recently at the home of one of the young .
j lady's friends, and the sweet story of love
j at first sight they whispered into each
! other's ears.
Miss Johnson knew her parents would
enter strenuous objections to a union with j
her loved one, for it was "all so sudden,"
art she yet had three long years to send
the way of all things before she would
leave the memory of her "teens" to the
past, to be resurrected only by the scrib
bling in her school books or the initials of
her best young man scratched on the book
strap which he was so fond of swinging
on the way home. But the mere matter |
of parental objection was a trivial cir
cumstance, not to be considered seriously
when life's happiness was at stake, ac
cording to the argument advanced by the ,
young dentist, and Ethel Johnson deter
mined to become his bride.
Arrangements for the elopement were
made quietly, and the parents of the
young folks did not get even as much as |
an inkling of the Impending match.
At 9 o'clock Monday morning Miss John- !
son and her husband to be met at the
ferry. H> was accompanied by Rege
Moen, an Intimate friend, and she by her
cousin Miss Edna Rock, who resides at
320 Polk street. '
They took an early boat across the bay,
procured a license and then ushered them
selves into the presence of Justice Quinn ;
to have the knot tied.
After th.- ceremony the bridal party re
turned to this city and celebrated the oc- i
casion at a first-class rotisserie.
Of course, explanations of the runaway
match were made to the parents on both I
sides, and of course mamma and papa I
were quite angry, but they have as yet
made no attempt to separate the swain i
from his young bride.
HOME FOR ABANDONED
BABES OF THE CITY
Interesting Statistics of tho Sau
Francisco Foundling Asylum,
for Twelve Months.
The annual report of the San Francisco
Lying-in Hospital and Foundling Asylum
for the fiscal year just ended is an inter
esting commentary on the waywardness
of a great city as well as a remarkable
tribute to the work of a notable charity.
L>uring the period covered by the report
forty-eight infants, most of them only a
few days old. were received in the recep
tacle for babes placed outside the asylum
quarters at 913 Golden Gate avenue. The
unfortunate mothers who have thus can
signed their little ones to the mercy and
charity of the world do not. know per
haps, that the asylum authorities have
an electrical appliance by which a bell
is rung as soon as a baby Is placed in the
basket at the door. The furtive mother
who places her babe in the "crib," as it
is called, almost immediately arouses the
vigilant attendants of the foundling home
thereby.
During the year eight children were
born in the asylum, two were taken away
by the mothers, five died, twenty-three
were adopted, four are in other homes
and twenty-two are in the house at
present.
In connection with the home there is
a training school for nursery maids now.
These I,'iris are paid $5 a month for their
services and are taught by a deliberate
course of instruction how to care lor
young children. After following a course
of training they are graduated and pre
sented with diplomas certifying that they
arc- competent In their work. The com
mencement exercises of the first class of
trained maids will be held at the Florence
Crlttenton Home in the lirst week of Au
gust
The home now has seven rooms for
the use of mothers and the arrangement
of wards for the children provides all
hygienic needs required to protect and en
courage infant life.
The present officers, who were recently
elected, are as follows: Charles R. Pat
ton, president; J. W. Ellsworth, secre
tary; directors. Rev. Horatio Stebbins, L.
H. Bonestell, John Terry. L. S. Sherman,
George T. Hawley, George S. Montgom
ery, F. F. Bostwick, William R. Lutz.
George Leonard.
The attending physicians, Drs. Lucia M.
Lane and Virginia W. Smiley, give their
services without charge and the consult
ing physicians as given in the annual re
port are as follows: Dr. Henry Gibbons
Jr., C. yon Hoffman, William Watt Kerr
| and D. W. Montgomery. L*':
The death rate has been lower than that
of any institution of its kind In the world,
according to the statement furnished by
Dr. Lane. . •
The Phoenix Bar.
Mr. K. R. Fischer, the proprietor of the
Phoenix Bar, formerly of 533 California
street, wishes to inform his many friends
and patrons that he is now located a few
doors above the old place, where he will
be pleased to see all his old-time friends—
539 California street. *
. ■ ■» ,
THE RIGHTS OF DEPOSITORS.
A Bank in Liquidation Is Not Exempt
From Civil Action.
A decision of Lie Supreme Court handed
down yesterday will be of no little import
ance to a number of depositors of the
Fresno Loan and Savings Bank. A year
or so ago this institution was directed by
the Bank Commissioners to levy an as
sessment of $10 per sh. re. in order to
carry on the business in a safe manner.
This the directors refused to do, and the
commissioners directed that the bank
should go Into liquidation. Demand was
made by some of the depositors for the
money they hart placed with the bank,
which was refused, and suit was begun
for the recovery of the deposits.
The defense was that, being in liquida
tion the bank was not subject to suit by
the depositors, and this was sustained by
the lower court. This was badly upset
by the Supreme Court. The latter tri
bunal sets up as the law that when a
bank goes into liquidation, and while its
doors may be closed to the creditors by
the directors, still the directors cannot
close the doors to the court: also that the
right of action by the creditors is the
same as though the doors of the bank had
never been closed, and Its business was
progressing in the usual channels.
Nevada Restaurant Enlarged.
This popular restaurant, 126, 128 and 130
Geary street, has doubled Its accommo
dations by the addition of an annex espe
cially for ladies and their escorts. The
Nevada's unsurpassed French dinner, in
courses, with wine, will still be served for
50. cents. ;--.',^*rH
Hales. |^ ,__.____ -~~~ — -__-_—
News from
Hale's
j Jo!2|l-|yj The c!ean-up kept things
VIUISSI UIJB lively yesterday. Hun-
■ dreds of ladies called to
gain by the clean-up selling. Curtains, notions,
dress goods and domestics looked like a holiday
store with its crowds of shoppers, here's some
more "clean-ups" to-day. Hundreds of others
just as good, but we haven't the room to tell the
whole story. A list as a hint :
Children's Flannelette Gowns— A neat little garment in Mother Hub-
bard style, nicety made of good quality flannelette pretty checks
and stripes, warm as toast. Just the thing for the little folks,
ages 2 to 12 years, at Hale's clean-up until sold -mc each
Indies' Jersey Ribbed Wool Containing just enough cotton to
prevent them from shrinking, white or natural gray, short or long
sleeves front finished with silk or satin band, pearl buttons and silk
tap neck, improved seams. A good little garment for San Francisco
wear with pants to match, at Hale's clean-up until sold
BOc a garment
Ladles' Heavy Fleece Lined Vests and Pants— Ecru or silver gray, a
new lot in all suitable sizes, pearl buttons, an excellent value, at
Hales clean-up until sold 25c a garment
Ladies' Imported Stockings— Full finished, double soles, heels and
toes, full length, elastic tops, sizes 8 to 10. One of the best black cot-
ton hose for the money we have ever seen. They originally sold at
2.* c, at .Hales clean-up until sold 10 _-."e a pair
3955 Yards of Percale— A flne. heavy 124 c percale, a yard wide,
fancy stripes and figures, in light or medium colors, neat, as wax for
a shirt waist, at Hale's clean-up until sold He a yard
600 Sheets— For large double beds, 90x90 inches, a good quality mus-
lin thoroughly well bleached. The 50c kind in Hale's clean-up until
sold 4 ° c each
Bleached Canton Flannel— yards of the heavy quality. The kind
you usually get for 124 c. This lot on sale until sold at Hale's clean-
up l>e a yard
Saucepans— Heavy, gray enamel, the medium size that sells at 30c.
' Here ls a leader from the Bazaar at Hale's clean-up 17c each
'm •
Tea Kettles— heavy gray enamel, size Xd. 7. the kind that
regularly sells at SOc, at Hale's clean-up until sold SOc each
Table Knives— Here is a chance that ought to Interest nearly every
housewife in San Francisco. Russell's famous white bone handle ta-
ble knives, a set of six knives, at Hale's clean-up until sold
* I. *£.**» a set
Some new arrivals.
We have just received a small express shipment of Swiss tucking
with lace or embroidery insertion. Some exclusive patterns for those
who are interested, from 17 to 21 inches wide.
Patterns with 4 rows embroidery insertion from
91.50 to »_-.:*„ yard
Patterns with 5 rows lace insertion .<_..*"><> yard
Patterns with 10 rows lace insertion .- ."•"._.< yard
Crinkled Swiss with 9 rows of lace insertion *_..*><> yard
We also notice among the lot some fancy Swiss with finished edge,
tucks and lace insertion running diagonally across. This fabric is
16 2-3 inches wide and Is now being worn by the fashionable set in
New York for dress fronts, etc.
Demel *__* ,-W^ ___5_ $ IS___> ExcreDtional
1 Linen-mesh _\lv 7 3_J!km/ 4fti^*' I*__ 72* T^^P^ Reductions in
Underwear. J/LW J*+f^ _7^* Lace Curtains.
Get . free h--.i»» -_» - I^^t_ 9 ______ QQot_^^^ A clean-up
and find out why it , ™" "^ . that means a
is better than wool 935 tO 947 Market Street, saving.
SUDDEN GRAB
FOR BERKELEY'S
STREET TRAFFIC
Important Move by
Southern Pacific.
— ♦ —
MEANS VIRTUAL MONOPOLY
4)
A STRIKE AT THE OAKLAND
TRANSIT COMPANY.
*
Applications for Franchises Made to
Extend the Telegraph and
San Pablo Avenue
Lines.
BERKELEY. July 24.— The all-absorb- j
ing question of the extension of street
railway transportation of the university
town was brought on afresh to-night by
the somewhat precipitate' action of the
Oakland Improvement Company. The
move on the company's part is by far j
th.- most Important development and in j
its easily foreseen consequences the most
considerable thing which has come up in
the business interests of the community
for several years past. Although kept
well under cover until the company was
ready to play its hand, now that the
move has been made and. the Initial step
taken almost the entire number of the
residents of the town are clamoring for its j
fulfillment at the earliest possible date.
Already a most lively interest has mani- I
fested itself In every detail of the plan, \
and this Interest was shown to a marked
degree at the meeting of the Board of
Trustees to-night, when the projected im
provements were first made public.
The cause of this excitement was the
filing with Town Clerk Hanscom of the
Board of Trustees to-night of two appli
cations for franchises by Attorney J. A.
Foulds of the Oakland Improvement Com
pany. The first application calls for the
operation of a street railway connecting
with the line now running on Telegraph'
avenue. The specifications are that the
line shall commence at the junction of
Telegraph avenue and Bancroft way, run
ning then.ee in a westerly direction down
Bancroft way to Shattuck avenue, and
from there turning north and continuing
to North Berkeley.
The second application refers to the
electric line now operated on San Pablo i
avenue. It provides for a continuation of
the line along San Pablo avenue to West
Berkeley, terminating within 100 feet of
University avenue.
When viewed from the standpoint of !
facilities for transportation which the
project offers, no greater boon could be
held out to the residents of the districts I
involved. Net only is an efficient local!
service assured between hitherto uncon
nected parts of the city, but the western
and northern sections, which have long j
suffered in this respect and. which' have
lacked this single Incentive to further
property improvements, while serving as
feeders to the main lines on San Pablo
and Telegraph avenues, will have conve
nient connection with Oakland and the
districts adjacent' \i >
When viewed, however, in light of the
struggle for patronage which has been go- j
ing on between the Oakland Improvement
Company, which practically means tin-
Southern Pacific, and the Oakland Transit
Company, it is clear that the bigger cor
poration is likely to secure a virtual I
monopoly of the Berkeley traffic. The ex
tension of the San Pablo line to West
Berkeley means the control of all the
transportation- of that part of town, a sec
tion which the Transit Company does not I
reach. The extension northerly likewise I
UfUi_ja late connection a portion of the •
city into which the Transit Company
would find it useless to penetrate for sake
of competition.
The move on the part of the Southern
Pacific is said to Involve even further
changes in the near future, but of these
no specific information can yet be gained
It is rumored, however, that the local
steam cars which run from North Berke
ley to the mole may soon stop short at
Lorin. the remainder of the distance be
tween Lorin and North Berkeley being
covered by an electric road along the
same roadbed as that now used by the
steam cars. It is also thought that some
plan is on foot to connect West Berkeley
with North Berkeley, thus completing the
circuit.
The attorney for the company failed to
file the applications before the hoard was
called to order, but by a special vote the
Trustees suspended the rules, and the
applications are now regularly on file for
consideration. A deposit of $2000 accom
panied the documents.
In an interview Attorney Foulds said
that If the franchises were granted work
would be commenced immediately upon
Bancroft way. the other extension to be
undertaken later. _»-iffl
Las Lomas Installs.
The following officers of Las Lomas
Parlor. Native Daughters, were installed
last night by District Deputy Mrs. May
Blakeley. assisted by Mrs. Wallace as
grand marshal: Mrs. Hattie Oimple, past
president; Mrs. A. D. Coddington. presi
dent; Mrs. B. Conlin, first; Miss T.
Skahen, second, and Miss M. Layton,
third vice president: Miss A. Lacy, mar
shal; Miss J. Moller, recording secretary:
Miss 1,. Breiling, financial secretary; Miss
M. Waters, treasurer: Miss M. Monehan
outside and Mrs. E. Ortega inside senti
nel; Mrs. Driseoll, Miss Abrahams and
Miss Murphy, trustees.
Mrs. Coddinjrton, the president, who be
came a bride, was by the parlor pre
sented with a fine silver berry spoon with
best wishes in her new sphere in life.
UP!
GOING UP!
$3.50 PER SHARE
Contracts for machinery now being; let.
Sinking of well? in three different places to
commence inside of -•' days.
NO MG«E STOCK AT $3.00
AFTER AUGUST Ist.
During the past two week? hundreds have
investigated and put in their money. The
moment we strike oil
FORTUNES ARE MADE.
You have a few days to join them. Oiders
received up to midnight of July 31 will be
filled it $3 per share. Right, however, re-
served to return all subscriptions received
after the balance of the 5000 shares are taken.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
Parrott Building, San Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FREE.