VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 156.
BOERS REMOUNT BIG GUNS AND RESUME THE
BOMBARDMENT OF LADYSMITH.
Britons "Wondering if General
White Can Hold Out for Ten
Days or Two Weeks Until
Aid Arrives.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— Special dispatches From Ladysmith,
dated November 2, give Further details regarding the
bombardment. The Boers, having reoccupied their old
positions, remounted big guns. Their Firing was accurate,
but almost harmless. Some oF the troops were slightly
injured by splinters.
The real question now for the British public is, can
deneral White hold out another ten days or two weeks
until the army corps arrives? Less anxiety would be
felt on this account were it not every day seems to bring
fresh lists of casualties, proving that much has been
concealed as to the real state of aFfairs, At the best the
coming week must prove a critical and anxious time.
(tenant P. C. Egerton and hi? men
Tr-.n the Powerful did splendid work ami
quickly silenced the B er guns. The I
acknowledge having
in men and horses In the previous battle.
•;■ -:<Tal Jan Kock. who wa.< second In
command of the Transvaal forces ar.<i
who ■■ the battle of Elands
a the hospital at Lady
y nisrht.
ttle light is thrown on the actual situ
ation by th>-> news at hand to-day. The
f M • -irht, however, is
•. Virtually thre actions
v • r. raging simultaneously, Viut It Is ob
h tention to roll back the
State troops was not
achi-- .
Th«- ndent of the Dally News
at Ladysmith, telegraphing Tuesday,
"Dr. Hornabrooke, while searching for
the body of Lieutenant Clapham on T'm
bulwena Hill, which was in possession of
the enemy, met many Boers. On stating
the object of his quest he was kindly
received. The consensus of opinion among
the Boers, he thinks, is that they are
Rick of tenting and would like to throw
up the sponge.j They said their loss yes
terday was heavy and due chiefly to our
artillery fire."
All was quiet at Buluwayo, in
Khodrsia, according to dispatches re
ceived this morning, up to October
27. There has been some skirmish
ing on the border. Apparently ex
tensive preparations are in progress at
De Aar, Cape Colony, for the concentra
tion of Lieutenant General Buller's army.
Th.rjp.inas of mules are corralled in that
neighborhood and transport material Is
being hurried up from the south.
According to another dispatch the naval
brigade at Ladysmlth has mounted four
( Jnore guns from Durban.
The report comes from Rome that Port
ugal, will permit the landing of British
troops at Lourenzo Marques. This coin
cides with the view strongly prevalent in
Eome quarters here, that the British inva
sion of the Transvaal will be made from
that point.
The morning papers are divided in opln
rhether Sir George Stewart White's
latest list of casualties includes the I
eutenant Colonel Carieton's column
its surrender. The preponderance
of opinion Inclines that they were not in
cluded, since if they were Genera] White
have mentioned the fact.
A report that a B with j;uns
from Koomatl Poort is making Its way
Through 7. . . ; , indicate an
Intention to seize the railway between
bo and Pietennaritzburgr, if it has
not alread: [zed. This, however,
will soon he known, as armored trains are
The Times, commenting editorially upon
rs to arrive in
mo from South Africa through some
ntrolled by British censor
ship, reminds the Government that Infor
:i valuabi- ■ simi
larly leak from Europe to the Transvaal.
- that the Government should
fully exercise its right under existing con
ns, if such a channel has been for
Lai reasons left open, and it a]
to think there may be some truth !n
Berlin and Paris stories.
The Dally News suggests that these
rumors are more likely intended for prop
agation at the Cape and to Influence the
Afrikanders.
Lord Frederick Roberts of Candahar,
commander of the forces in Ireland, while
wing the troops at Kilkenny, said:
"It is useless to <iisgui?e the fact that we
■ I in a very serious war, a war
which will put our resources and courage
to a severe test."
The War Office states that a dispatch
ed from the Governor of
Sir Walter Francis Hely-Hutchin- j
j rmounring that communication with ;
Interrupted since half j
past '- noon. This i.s not regard- i
ed by the War Office, however, as in any!
■wise confirming the rumor of a complete >
Investment of Ladysmith, or of the cap- j
ture of Co.
BOLD STRATEGY OF THE
BOERS AT LADYSMITH
LONDON, Nov. 2 The brevity of the
news from Ladysmlth since Tuesday
night has nol relieved the anxiety pre
vailing reg < the Brit
ish army at L'adysmith. Th< War Office
baa no Informal • ,1 Bul
ler, the British commander in South
.Africa, having left Cape Town.
Colenso, in the rear ><t Genera] White's
force. Is believed to be well defended by
a composite naval and military corps, and
it is understood that the two naval 12
--pounden mounted near the br<<ik'.- over
moat vulnerable
ta along thf railroad from Ladysmlth
termarltzburg. oupht to be able to
i it and prevent Its destruction, if
roving this
bridge it would mean the Interruption of
r;.t]n>a<l communication with Ladysmlth
for an Indefinite period. While xhc Boer
atu-mpts in this direction arc- not con
TO-NIGHT
Watch The Call's Dome
r*%Red £ightr%
JEFFRIES WINS
oU JL-rf 11-1 V JA-**->' " 11 i Nj
The San Francisco Call
firmed. It Is claimed that they may be
expected momentarily, ar.d the reported
steady shelling of Lad.vsmith, It Is added,
points to the intention of the Boer com
manders to keep General White occupied
while their strategy is carried out.
The only information received this
morning from the seat of war in addition
to the brief dispatch from General White
saying he was well and holding his posi
tion waß the lists of casualties.
An official telegram reporting the con
dition of .the injured at Kimherley adds
that Colonel Kokwith, the British cm
manaer there, has learned from various
sources there that the Boer losses on the
-ion of the late sortie of the British
troops fmm Klmberley were very heavy.
Another list of casualties at Dundee was
I by the War Office to-day. It gives
eighty-two non-commissioned officers and
men of the Dublin FuMleers as missing,
indicating that the Boers captured as
many Fusileers as they did Hussars.
CHANNEL SQUADRON
READY FOR BUSINESS
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The British nava!
situation caused by the war In the Trans
vall Is strikingly Illustrated by the arrival
of the channel squadron at Gibraltar.
The Globe, referring to the squadron's ar
rival, says:
"Though its acts convey little to the
mind of the average reader, it is neverthe
less an event of very considerable stra
tegical political Importance. The present
situation undoubtedly calls for the most
PUGILISTS READY FOR THE WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— With hi? skin I
heavily browned, his face looking
a trifle drawn, his eyes clear and
bright, James J. Jeffries to-night
nimbly stepped off the train at the
Pennsylvania' Railroad station in Jersey
<"lty.
Having exchanged greetings with his
friends the broad-shouldered California!)
walked briskly toward the ferryboat and
came over to this city. On his arrival at
the Twenty-third street ferry he and his
trainer Jumped into a cab and were driven i
to the Vanderbilt Hotel, where he will !
remain until 10 o'clock to-morrow morn-
Ing, when he will leave for Coney Island.
Aa Jeffrie? walked into the hotel the
comment on his appearance was favor- j
able.
Ills shoulders appeared to be broader
than ever, but his limbs appeared rather
small. After entering the hotel Jeffries
partook of a hearty supper and said that
he felt in excellent spirits.
The Call correspondent asked him if hi 3
I face was not a trifle drawn. He admitted
; that it was. "The fact is," said the cham
■ ; pion, "although I look thinner than When
; I fought Fitzsimmons, I am more solid,
. and strange as it may seem, weigh four
pounds more than 1 did when I fought the
! i Cornishman. I now weigh 212 pounds. ;
• My li-^s and body are considerably thin
■ ncr than they were six months ago, but
I have filled out about the chest and
■ ! Bhoulders. All the extra weight I have |
■ gained has centered in those parts, and |
; as a fighter I know that is the proper i
! place to have extra weight. The best j
" j proof that I am right is that 1 feel so
■ I well."
"Do you think your battle with Sharkey
, will be a long or short one?" was asked.
"That is a hard question to answer,"
, ! said Jeffries, thoughtfully. "The length
> j of the battle will be determined very
. j largely by the tactics Sharkey employs."
■ I It was suggested to the champion that
• I the sailor would likely pursue his usual
• rushing tactics.
"Well, if ho does," exclaimed the cham
pion, "the fight will be over Inside of five
i rounds. Fitzsimmons used rushing tactics
j when I met him, and everybody knows j
', how hard he tried to knock me out, but j
i failed. Now Fitzsimmons Is a much j
j more clever man than 6harkey, and with !
! all his knowledge of ring generalship he j
! failed to accomplish his object, so what j
: eha-nee has Sharkey got? As a matter ;
; of fart, I don't care how Sharkey fights, j
; He can fight any old way he wants to. |
I will be prepared for him at any and all
stages of the battle."
"That's right," said Tommy Ryan: "and j
I'va bet $500 to $300 that you'll beat him,
Jeff."
"How about your ability to take pun.
ishment?" was asked. "Men who are
backing Sharkey believe that you cannot
take hard thumping."
"I don't know how they form that opin
ion," said the big r 'allfornlan; "I've bnen
hit very hard in all my battles, and yet
I I've never been knocked down. Fitzsim
mons gave me some pretty hard blows,
and he didn't succeed in doing very much
i damage to me. And let me tell you that
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
THE COLENSO RAILROAD BRIDGE.
Tills structure, which carries the railroad over the Tugela River, is seventeen miles below Ladysmith and 173 from
Durban. Its safeguarding is of vital importance to the maintenance of General Sir George White's communications with
' the coast.
REPORTED CAPTURE OF
COLENSO BY THE BOERS
PARIS, Nov. 3.— The Liberte says Boers in strong force under General Lucas Meyer are occupying
the town of Colenso, twenty miles south of Ladysmith, thus completely investing the latter place.
General Meyer, according to the correspondent, now holds the railway from Ladysmith to Picter
maritzburg and Durban. The correspondent adds that General Meyer took part in Monday's battle,
but continued his flanking movement until he reached Colenso. The result was renewed fighting south
of Ladysmith, in which the British lost another 1000 in killed, wounded an i prisoners
BRUSSELS, Nov. 3. — It is reported here that General Lucas Meyer has defeated General White
south of Ladysin tli and captured Colenso. The British commander was wounded. A force of Orange
Free State Boers has occupied Colesburg, on the Midland Railway, eleven and a half miles south of the
Free State border.
[ anxious watchfulness on our part. The
' [ war In South Africa has not only tem
porarily curtailed the military resources
of the empire to a large extent, but It
has also placed us in a position of
greater disadvantage than any we have
; occupied since the Crimea. It can be as
; Bested without any fear of exaggeration
j that at no period In our history ha^i the
Both Sharkeu and Jeffries Are in Prime Con
dition and ExDerts Say the Fight Will Be
the Best Ever Witnessed.
Fltzsimmons can hit a much harder blow
than Sharkey. I have fought both men
and know what I am talking about. So
far as body blows are concerned, they
don't worry me In the least, notwith
standing the remarks of many to the con
trary.
"Fitzsimmons hit me nn the body pretty
hard, but he did not succeed in hurting
CORBETT WILL SEND BULLETINS
OF THE BIG FIGHT TO THE CALL
The Call has made an exclusive arrangement with James J. Corbett to describe for
♦bulletin display the Jeffries-Sharkey championship battle as the fight progresses. These
bulletins will be transmitted from
to The Call's business office
ing operator will transfer the
to specially prepared films ready
erful stereopticon. Mr. Corbett
behind the transmitting operator
to the latter a description of every
ers. The old-fashioned method,
fices, of first writing cut the
must thus : give way to a more
tem. Under this the spectators
note the progress of the con .
to
the ringside. Blow for blew, together with their effect on the contestants, will be described,
as will also the scenes attendant upon the meeting of the men both before and after the
battle. , Watch The Call's bulletins, dictated by James J. Corbett, for the best and most
accurate information regarding the meeting to-night of Jeffries and Sharkey.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.
Editor The Call:
With the greatest pleasure I will dictate fight to Frisco peo
ple just as I see it. Remember me kindly to everybody in Frisco.
JAS. J. CORBETT.
To=Naght _ TO-NIGHT To=Nsght
SEE THE CALL'S BULLETIN BOARDS TO-NIGHT
FOR THE BEST REPORTS OF THE
Jeffries-Jharkey Championship fight
British navy borne such an enormous re
sponsibility, though, we may. add, never
has it been in a finer condition of pre
paredness. The fact that a complete army
corps will be afloat in a few days, and
that rivals in Europe are watching: for the
earliest opportunity to take advantage of
the position, renders it nec.^p: ry that
British fleers should be so ..-, ■ ' \ ihut
me. Isn't that right. Tommy?" asked
Jeffries, turning to tile welter-weight
champion.
"That's the same thing, you know," an
swered Ryan.
Jeffries said that his arm and neck,
which had annoyed him considerably,
were now In their normal condition. He
says he has no physical ills of any de
james J. corbett.
.bushnem. photo.
they can. If need be. strike swiftly and
surely at any power that presumes to aim
a blow at our Interests In any part of the
world while our hands are busy else
where.
"By sending the channel squadron to
Gibraltar. Sir Harry Rawson's fleet is
placed In the best possible position.
AVhenav«.r this country Is involve \\ n Eu
\
scription. In fact, he declares that his
general heath was never better, and if he
is defeated he will have no excuse to
offer.
The. champion's last day at his train-
Ing quarters was marked by rather mild
exercise. He skipped the rope a hundred
times and punched the bag for about half
an hour in the morning. After dinner he
the ringside over a direct wire
on Market street. The receiv
description direct from the wire
*or dis P Ia V h V the aici of a pow
will be stationed immediately
at the ringsid:, and will dictate
movement of the herculean box
which still obtains in some of
bulletins at both ends of the wire,
progressive and time-saving sys
on Market street will be enabled
a est almost as readily as those at
Deadly Work of the Boers' Bu
llets Among the British Troops
Before Carleton's Column
Was Compelled to Surrender.
LONDON. Nov. 2 — General Sir George Stewart White has cabled the War
Office that In the engagement on Farquhar's farm, near Lariysmith, Octo
ber 30, when Lieutenant Colonel Carleton's column was compelled to sur
render, six officers were killed and nine wounded.
Among the non-commissioned officers and men the casualties were 54
killed and 231 wounded.
General White promises a list of the missing later.
At 12:40 a. m. the War Office issued the text of the dispatch, which is dated
at Ladysmith, November 2, 10 a. m., giving the list of casualties among the
officers, which is as follows:
ROYAL ARTILLERY.
Killed —Lieutenant J. T. McDougal.
Wounded—Major John Dawkins, slightly; Lieutenant Harold Flet
cher, severely.
KINGS ROYAL RIFLE CORPS.
Killed—Major W. T. Meyers, Lieutenant H. S. Marsden and Lieu
tenant T. L. Foster.
Wounded —Major Henry E. Buchanan-Riddell and Lieutenant H.
C. Johnson, both severely.
ROYAL IRISH FUSELEEIvS.
Wounded —Captain J. B. H. Rice, Captain W. B. Silver, both se
verely.
GLOUCESTERSHIRE REGIMENT.
Wounded —Captain S. Willicock, Captain B. 0. Fyffe and Captain
F. S. Stayner, all severely.
NATIONAL MOUNTED BATTERY.
Killed —Lieutenant William Chapman.
MEDICAL CORPS.
Killed —Major Edward Gray.
The list of the names of the non-commissioned officers and men, killed and
wounded, is promised to-morrow.
ropean complications the rock will be the
pivot around which the British fleet, will
make the most important movements.
The presence of the channel squadron
there at the present moment will be taken
as an earnest of our intention to be ready
for all eventualities."
LORD LANSDOWNE
TALKS OF THE WAR
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The Marquis of
Lansdowne. Secretary of State for War,
was the chief speaker at the Cutlers'
feast in Sheffield this evening, the func
tion being attended by the usual distin
guished assemblage. Replying to a toast,
"Hher Majesty's Ministers." he went over
the usual ground in explaining the cause
of the war and defended the Government
against the charge that the military
preparations were not abreast of the ne
gotiations. He said:
"The diplomatic messages went by wire,
tht reinforcements by ship. Moreover, in
took a leisurely Btroll from Allenhurst to
Long Branch, along the ocean front, and
return. He then loafed around for a
while, joking with his trainers, and at
half-past 4 o'clock bade good-by to his
acquaintances and boarded the train,
leaving at that hour for New York.
Although Sharkey had planned to come
to the city to-night, he changed his mind
at the last moment and decided to remain
at his training quarters at Newdorp
until to-morrow morning, when he will
leave for the battleground.
Sharkey said that he did not think Jef
fries could take a good hard punch suc
cessfully. He said that in the only really
j difficult fight the Californian has had —
that with Fltzsimmons— he received only
j a few hard blows, owing to Fitzsimmons'
■ wild delivery. Somebody called Sharkey's
I attention to the fact that Jeffries had an
extremely long reach and asked If Fitz
simmons failed to get inside the big
Californian's guard, how could he (Shar
key), a smaller man, hope for better re
sults. Sharkey pointed out that he had
never yet failed to get inside the guard of
any man he had ever fought. He said
that he had successfully got past the
guards of such clever fighters as McCoy,
Corbett and Fitzsimmnns, and not only
succeoiloil In hitting them, but landed with
sufficient force to score a knockdown in
each instance.
Sharkey not only believes that he is a
much stronger man than Jeffries, but that
he can deliver a blow with much greater
force than the champion.
A comparison of the style of fighting of
the two men is interesting. Jeffries, who
is acknowledged to be the more scientific
fighter of the pair, assumes a low,
crouching position when in action. He al
ways keeps his left on guard, ready to
meet an opponent with a left hook or a
straight jab. His low position makes it
easy for him to move his head out of the
way of swinging blows. His footwork is
also excellent, in fact remarkable for a
man of his physique and weight. He is as
nimble on his pedal extremities as a light
weight. He hits straight from the shoul
der, and when he lands squarely generally
staggers or sends his opponent to the
boards. Jeffries' ability in this direction
was clearly demonstrated in his fight with
Fitzsimmons, from whom he won his pres
ent title of heavy-weight champion pu
gilist of the world.
Sharkey's style of fighting is very unlike
that of Jeffries'. The sailor is by no means
as finished a boxer as the Californlan. He
is, however, fairly clever, but in the heat
and excitement of battle usually forgets
hi# knowledge of the finer noints of box
ing. He is an aggressive, rough and ready,
"get there" sort of fighter. He keeps af
ter his man while swinging his right and |
left, and is not discouraged if he receives
a hard blow or fails to land. He will take
two or three blows in order to land one.
In point of physical perfection, no two
better pugilists ever fought for the heavy
weight championship. In former intes-ts
the question of dissipation and youth
against age has figured conspicuously, but
in to-morrow nlght'a battle honors are
Continued on Second Page.
TO-NIGHT '
Watch The Call's Dome
r^Qreen £ightr%
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
order to keep abreast, the army and navy
would have had tn commit most provo
cative and threatening acts. The Boer
ultimatum followed British mobilization
and if Great Britain had mnhilized earlier
the ultimatum would have been earlier."
Lord Lansdowne explained the
promptness of the mobilization which
had enabled five cavalry regiments, ten
batteries and thirty battalions to get far
away on the sea. During the earlier ope
rations the enemy, he said, had great su
periority of numbers and choice of
ground. This phase of the situation, he
hoped, was approaching its conclusion,
for in less than a week the first install
ments of Sir Redvers Buller's force would
arrive at Cape Town, to be followed at a
steady rate by the iemainder.
"I do not think," continued the Secre
tary of State for War. "that there need
be any anxiety for the result. There has
been nothing in history to compare with
the patriotism of our colonies, who will
take no denial. Their attitudes will im
prtss on the civilized w*rM two great
truths-first, that Great Britain is not an
empty phrase, and second, that such a
large measure of voluntary support would
not have been accorded unless we were
fighting In a just cause."
In conclusion. Lord Lansdowne ex
pressed, on behalf of the Government
"profound admiration for the heroism of
our troops, who have rehabilitated the
reputation of the British soldier in South
Africa-a great gain, which to my mind
outweighs the heavy losses we have sus
tained, and outweighs even the sad dis
aster which was due to an accidental
cause."
Rear Admiral Lord Charles Beresford
replying to the toast, "The Imperial
Forces," praised the transport arrange
ments. Referring to the surrender of the
Irish Fusileers and the Gloucestershire
Regiment after their ammunition was ex
pended, he said it was an honorable sur
render. He expressed the opinion that the
Government was not sending men enough
to South Africa, in view of the probability
that the Cape Dutch would join the Boers.
Discussing the general question of mili
tary arrangements, he observed that there
were only two really patriotic nations in
the world— the British and the Americans
—because they alone had volunteer
armies.
THAT MULE STAMPEDE.
LONDON. Nov. 3.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Ladysmith, filed
Monday night, giving a description of the
battle says:
"A similar mule stampede occurred to
Lieutenant Colonel Grimwood's column on
the Buluwan side. The ammunition was
lost, but our infantry quite h*ld their
own. It was a serious misfortune that
the Powerful's bluejackets were not sum
moned sooner, as the result of the en
gagement would have been different."
The Daily News has a dispatch this
morning from Ladysmith, dated Tuesday
at 10:30 a. m., which gives the first inde
pendent account of the cutting off of
Lieutenant Colonel Carleton's column In
the engagement at Farquhar's Farm.
The correspondent says:
"The column was sent out Sunday
night, made, a wide detour and reached
the spurs of the Drakensburg before
dawn. Colonel Carleton stormed the
hoights with the bayonet and made his
position against great odds, until his am
munition was exhausted and surrender
had become inevitable. Nearly 200 had
then been killed and wounded."
GERMAN CORPS' APPEAL.
BERLIN. Nov. 2.— The Vossische Zeit
ung publishes an appeal signed by the
committee of the German corps In the
Transvaal calling upon Germans to con
tribute to the support of the families of
"those German volunteers who have
taken up arms in a just cause."
The Hamburgische Correspondenz. in
the course of a semi-official article which
cautions "those who desire to embroil
Germany in a conflict with Great Brit
ain," says:
"Germany is not going to pluck chest
nuts for other people out of Great Brit
ain's fire. Such a policy would drive Ger
many so closely into the arms of Russia
that she would hardly be able to
breathe."
SECOND ARMY CORPS.
LONDON. Nov. 2.— Atfain it is asserted
at Aldershot that the mobilization of a
second army corps will begin November
10, and that the whole reserves of tha2
NO RECOGNITION
FOR NAVAL HEROES
Admiral Crowninshield Severely Ar=
raigns Congress in His Annual
Report.
WASHINGTON. Nov. L— There jr.
ibove ail i
In tfte annual report of Admiral Crownin-
Bureau of Navigation,
inent
■ lure to re
r-i recommended for ad
• aa a j-t of the batiles
d Cuba; second, the recommenda
:. the present a
and third, the Bug
• s tin;, iiing- the new system of
first head
, writes:
Another condition of affairs dlscourngins to
proud and ambitious officers who risked and
accomplished much !s the ragged M I Irregular
rf-sult that seems a;i Inevitable consequence of
any effort to give permanent or substantial
official recognition to bravery* gallantry or <!<?
votion. Before the outbreak of the war, you
(Secretary I.ongt addressed to the officers of
the North Atlantic fleet through the admiral a
lett*r, from which the II wing Is an extract:
"Each n;nn engaged In the work of the In-
Flwro squadron should have In ..in the stuff
out of which to make a possible Cushlng, ami
if the man wins the recognition given him
thai! ho as great as that Riven to dishing, so
fnr <is the. department can bring tills about."
Every effort of the department to redeem this
solemn pledge has b<>eh balked. Of the officers
who served In the North Atlantic waters three
have been confirmed In the recognition urged
by the department — two because their cases
were resented at ~>ropltlous moments, the
other becaUße of a misapprehension. The pest,
numbering among them every gallant captain
at Santiago on July 3, and all the brave cap
tajr.s of the ever ready gunboats, numbering
among them officers who risked their lives In
many desperate expeditions— cable cutting, as
spies, seeking Information, blocking* and block
ading harbors, scouting— numbering among
them- all those who hesitated not and Includ
ing' rit the head of all the able and determined
offlcvr who planned worked and executed the
whole campaign and who finally consummated
the one victory which was vital to the enemy —
he and a!! the rest have absolutely nothing. The
greatest among- these has not as much as the
merit which was given to each of the hundreds
■who shared In a victory won In a more pro
pitious hour.
The number of Bailors In the navy, in
cluding- petty officers, at the end of the
tipcal year was 14,601, and ' these
were serving under continuous ?■
certificates. Over 50 per cent of the |
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ •■ 32 per ct nt
■ were naturalized, and
• of the whole r.umh.T were eitl
f ihe United States. whll<- 65 ;>er
ten nder had declared their
• ens; over !'l per
f :h- apprentices were native born.
transport branch of the army service
corps will be called out.
A composite detachment of Royal Ma
rines will be formed at Portsmouth, cm
men, for inland ser
vice in South Africa,
SIEGE OF KIMBERLEY.
HOPK TOWN, Cape Colony, Nov. —
Magistrate Harmsworth has arrived from
Klipilam and reports that there are fiono
Boers around mberley and all the roads
are strictly patrolled. lie says that he
passed close lUgh to Kimberley to see
the searchlights and was informed that
the defenders of Kimberley wen satisfied
they could hold out, but were wearied
with the Inactivity and hoped that a re
lieving force would soon arrive.
-. Stories of Boor victories have spread
xap'.illy along the western border and
Harmsworth estimated that
over half the Dutch residents of Bechu
'hanaland and Grlqualand will Join the
Boers after the declaration of annexa
tion.
EGERTON BADLY WOUNDED.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— The War Offico thi?
Issued the following dli
"Chief of staff, Ladysmith, to War Bee*
'rotary:
\DYSMITTI. Nov. 2.- Uleutenant
11. M. S. Powerful, d
this morning by a she!'.; left
arid right foot. Life not in danger
1 ' -. Mt."
It was ipfc-rrr-'l from this dispatch that
rtlllery duel between the Bo«rs and
British continue?, ;is lieutenant V..
i. gunnery lieutenant with the big
:1 gUIIP.
AT THE BETHULEE BRIDGE.
CAPE TOWN, < In trans
ti v ■ 10 Boera
have collected at the Bethulee bridge
under Field Cornel Dutnlt. The
Sliver la lr. full flood and fording is ro
ported to be Impossible.
BOERS TAKE POMEROY
PIETBRMARITZBURG, Natal, Nov. 2.
It la reported that the Boera ar«' occupy
ing parts of Zululand and that they have :
fifty miles from Grey
town.
[Af'SLOANE'SI
-f . . . ■ T
I Removal Sale. I
4- ■• :,••.•..■.■• 4-
.'X Our removal sale offers us an opportunity of displaying the unequaled +
+ facilities we possess for obtaining choice and unique pieces of furniture and 4-
■4- exclusive designs in rugs, carpets arid draperies. 4-
X PORTIERES. RUGS, ±
■♦ „, Direct ! from "V*. 4-
■4- We are prepared to show an ex- TURKEY "£■
X tremely fine line cf silk and Derby fj pj OI A $££. 5T \%
X tremely fine line cf silk and D?rby INDIA. Mag- *T! \ V-
X tapestries, ranging from $2.00 ' P 16 "", 1 st c , k ' i \?\^) I* ) X
•T : .,:, b v including choic- i irV/ 11^!/ 4-
-♦■ per pair and upwards. During , est antique and YfJbv ]( W<h/ ■¥
4- modern carpet*;. MVTr^-^Ti / 4-
X REMOVAL SALE PRICES are During. RE- N^wr^X f
X MOVALSALE X
X extremely low. very rug reduced in pr|cc> 4-
| LACE CURTAINS, I
4. L/iwC W'UK 1 ABnO> v ♦
4- CHOICEST AND LATEST STYLES. X
4- RENAISSANCE reduced during sale to . ..SIJ.OO and upward per pair 1
4- IRISH POINT reduced during sale to 82.00 and upward per pair 1
4 POINT AIIABE reduced during sale to.. ....$(!. 75 and upward per pair 1
X POINT DE PARIS reduced during sale t0.. 54.00 and upward per pair T
X Immense variety to elect from. Exceedingly fine values In the %
-A higher grades at greatly reduced prices. 4-
: FURNITURE. % %
4- A grand display of parlor, bedroom, dining-room, library and hall ♦
■♦• furniture in the latest and most correct designs. We quote for example: X
4- One elegant Colonial parlor set; regular price $175 ...NOW $125 X
4" One English fireside settle In mahogany; very unique; regular " +.
T price «75 ..NOW $37.50 X
X One mahogany bedroom set, highly finished, -latest style; regular X
T price $75... « NOW $02.50 X
T Ladies' fine inlaid Chippendale writing desk; regular price $100...... X
rT. ••••- .NOW $70 X
50 bedroom Beta (3 pieces), solid oak. hand-rubbed finish, French X
bevel plate glass; regular price $30..... NOW $22 X
+l] Any goods selected tor holiday presents will be carefully stored for i '
4- Chri^tm is de!ive;y. +
I 641=647 MARKET STREET. £
I and over G4 per cent of the whole enlisted
force were native born.
Upon the subject- of receiving-ships
Admiral Crownlnshield points out the
great expense of maintaining such ships
in condition, with the result that after all
they are nothing more than floating
bouses. They should give way. he says,
to permanent barracks on shore. For the
health of the men, for sanitary
and hygienic reasons, for drills and
discipline, for economy of administra
tion . for the proper recreation
of the men and for reduced cost of main
tenance and repair and care-taking, per
manent buildings for the men should be
constructed at the larg_e naval stations.
It is estimated that should the c.angebe
made the Government would save $148,
--600 per annum. The reports show, as the
i result of Admiral Crowninßhield's in
: spection visit to Europe, that not only
! England, but France, Germany, Italy,
Austria, Russia and Japan have con
structed such barracks. . Therefore,' it Is
proposed to construct barracks at the
New York Navy-yard, at League Island
(for the accommodation of the reserve
crews it !a proposed to. hold for the care
of the ships to be laid up in reserve there),
at Mare Island and at Boston.
Upon the subject of training of lands
men, the report states that the depart
ment was led to undertake this by reason
of a shortage of men to meet the demands
of the navy. It is hoped that in the
future the inflow of apprentices will be
sufficient to meet such needs, but mean
time the department -has been obliged: to
enlist several hundred young men who. it
is proposed to train for five or ten months
on board of training-ships. With .this
object the Hartford has been com
missioned at San Francisco, and with 850
young men will come around Cape Horn
:to the Atlantic. The Lancnstershire will
■ make a similar cruise from New York to
the West Indies, and the steamer Dixie
will take on 400 men from the League
Island yard for the same purpose. It is
calculated In this way to provide tor The
needs of the service for the next two 'or
three years.
The report calls attention to the failure
of the personnel hill as amended to pro
vide officers sufficient to do the work of
the navy. It Is said that there are not
nearly enough officers available to train
the men In gunnery. Had the course at
Annapolis been reduced from six to four
years, as proposed In the original bill,
this fault, the admiral says, would have
I been overcome. It is also submitted, In
conclusion, that the naval pay should he
equalized with that of the army corps,
and that the State militia be federated
into a national naval reserve.
BOLD ATTEMPT
TO ROB A BANK
Robbers Try Twice, but
Fail Each Time.
Special Dispatch to The Cntl.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. The
steamer Miowera from Sydney to-day
brings a sensational story of the attempt
ed robbery from the Bank of New South
Wales In Melbourne of £10.000..
Chief Cashier Pearson was temporarily
absent from his desk when two men en
tered the bank, one of them asking the
sub-teller for change for half a crown. As
the teller turned to procure the change he
was confronted with the head and shoul
ders of a second man, who was half over
a wooden barrier with £10,000 In his hands.
The teller forced the thief to drop the
money and both robbers hurriedly left the
bank, but had the effrontery to return to
the bank within fifteen minutes and make
mother attempt to capture the money. In
this they were not successful. Two men
named Vergt and Harris have been ar
rested for the attempted theft.
FILLING STRIKERS' PLACES.
Italian Laborers Are Brought to
British Columbia.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 2.— A special
from Sandon. B. C. says: "The strike in
the Slucan country lias reached a crisis.
and the Silver and l^ead Mine Owners'
Association has commenced the importing
i f Italian laborers from Pacific Coast
. The ttrst consignment arrived to
ri,-, v !■> work in the I'ayne mine. The
striking miners are excited over tho arri
val of the now mine workers, but no vio
len^e was offered to the latter when they
appeared here to-day.
The trouble between the mine owners
and mine workers is of six months' stand
ing rind upon the adoption of the new
hour law, the mine owners reducing
.■■ ng^s from $850 to $3 per day. the
minors refusing to accept the reduction.
There have benn many conferences, but
neither side would yield, and the mines
have been entirely closed down during the
controversy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
PUGILISTS READY FOR
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
Continued From First Page.
easy as far as these points are concerned.
Jeffries is the bigger man of the pair;
he weighs at least twenty-seven pounds
more than trie sailor, has a longer reach
and Is taller by at least four inches. Both
men are familiar with the rules under
which they are to fight. The straight
Marquis of Queetisberry code will govern
the battle. This gives either man the
right to hit with one hand free, and on
the breakaway.
George Siler, who will referee the bout,
says that as both men have fought and
won victories under these rules, he does
not expect to experience any difficulty
with them.
The pale of seats for the contest has
been enormous, and indications point to
the largest assemblage ever seen a€ the
ringside in this country. Every box and
half the reserved seats had been sold up
to midnight to-night. As tho managment
of the Coney Island Club is charging $10
more for box seats than was ever asked
for a championship battle in this vicinity,
all concerned will reap a rich harvest.
Tlie winner of the contest will receive
three-quarters of the 66 2-3 per cent of
the gross receipts.
It is estimated to-night that the
] winner's share would be about $30.00),
quite a snug sum for an evening's work.
Special trains for the ringside will bo
run on the eievated road.
Jeffries and Sharkey are scheduled to
enter the ring at 9:45 o'clock.
The amount of money being placed on
the fight, is, comparatively speaking, very
small. A prominent man uptown, who
is in the habit of holding a great many
bets, said to-night:
"There seems to be a lack of sporting
I blood, so far as bets go, on to-morrow's
: fight. Interest seems to be at fever heat,
' and yet men will not wager their money.
i Queer reports in the respective training
i quarters . f the fighters as to their inabil
ity to put v:, a good argument seem to
; have had a deterrent effect in the bet
i ting market To my mind both men are
lin the best possible condition. The most
conservative and well-informed patrons of
the ring agree with me that the contest
ants will have a hard battle for eight
round- and if it lasts longer it will be
a question of the man with the stamina
to win out."
AT THE LOS ANGELES
HOME OF JEFFRIES
I OS &.NGELES, Nov. 2.— While In this
oity much Interest is manifested in the
Jeffries-Sharkey light on account of its
being the home of the champion. little bet
ting has so far been done. Jeffries is fa
vorite but LosAUgeleß people want longer |
odds than those ruling In New York. For!
some reason Bharkey has a strong folldw- |
Ing but they are not putting up any great
Bums of money. What money bet will
pr bably change hands on the night of
the fight. The ruling odds are 10 to 7.
Some small bets have been placed at 5 to
4 The Largest bet so far reported is that
of Colonel Robert Kern, who placed an
even thousand on Jeffries against eight
hundred on Sharkey. For the second time
tills year the home of the Jeffries lam
il\ on Arroyo Seco is the center of at
tention on the part of the curious and
idle A S in former times Mrs. Jeffries
spokesman of the family. She was
n>-night and in answer to a question
Bald: "Whoever says I want my b
1 be a prizefighter docs not know what he
is talKing about. I did not want him to
enter this business. But since he has
chosen this vocation I cannot li^lp it. and
of course 1 do not want him to lose.
Jim never made any profession
: of religion, no one can say that my Dig
boy is not honorable. 1 have known men
who stood high in the church to do worse
things than Jim has ever don> 1 wanj
I him to succeed. Any mother would,
I would she not?" ■
The pugilist's sisters, Mrs. Southwick,
Mrs. Rover and Miss Ada Jeffries, with
ti ; .' three brothers, echoed the mothers
sentiments, as the entire family, Includ
ing Rev. Jeffries, desires that Jim shall
1 to-morrow night knock Sharkey out. The
; women folk do not have a very clear idea
of the preparation Jim has been making
as preliminary to the great .-vent. They ;
evidently are not readers of the sporting
columns of the daily press. T> y only
know that It is Jim who is to light and
I they want him to win. In tact, although
, they are shy about saying it, they know
In reason (woman's reason) that he must
win.
HEAVY BETTING HERE.
Money Flowed Steadily Into the Pool
Boxes All Day at 10 to 7.
The betting on the Jeffries-Sharkey fight
in this city lias been greater in volume
than on any light ever held in this coun-
I try. From all indications over $100,000 will
have been wagered on the outcome of the
battle before the gong signals the begin
| ning of hostilities. At Harry Corbett's a
I steady .stream of money poured into the
' strong box throughout the day. The odds
I were 1" to 7. with Jeffries favorite. The
I majority cf the small bets were on Shar
k» y, while the big money went in on the
; champion.
I The biggest bet of the day and the
I largest ticket ever written at Corbett'a
i called for $?HiOO to $3000. "Jerry" Driacoll
j took Sharkey, whilf Henry Harris, the
basebafl magnate, secured the ticket on
Jeffries.
In the mutuels a total of 3099 $1 tickets
have been sold up to the present time.
Jeffries is most in demand on every line,
but is pressed closely by tho sailor. The
tickets sold calling for the men to win in
various rounds are as follows:
WILL TRY SUISSER.
Twelve Jurymen Satisfactory to All
Parties Chosen.
SALINAS. Nov. 2.— After several days
of challenges and counter challenges a
jury has finally been accepted to try
Suisser. the slayer of Sheriff Farley. The
jurors are: J. J. Hendrlckson, W. T. Har
vey, T. C. Herbert, David P. Crawford,
M.' 1... Land rum, R. G. Williamson. David
I'pton, R. H. TVlcOowan, H. V. Westcott,
J. P. Snyder, C. R. Macomber and Wil
liam Patton. The case will be begun at 10
O'clock to-morrow morning. Although ;
there are but five direct witnesses to be
examined the trial will probably last a
week.
DESERTED DROWNING MEN.
Arrest of the Captain of the Italian
Bark Bersagliere.
FOT.KSTONE, England, Nov. 2.— The
Italian bark Bersagliere, Captain Costa,
bound from Hamburg for Pensacola, was
captured off here to-day, after an excit
ing chase by a tug. on board of which
were customs office 9 and a magistrate.
The captain of tne Bersagliere was
charged with having sunk a Lowestoft
trawler in a collision and with having left
the crew of the latter vessel to their fate.
Hobart's Condition TJnchang-ed.
PATERSON. Nov. 3. 2 a. m.-No appar
ent change is reported In the condition
of Vice President Hobart. He retired
early and shortly after 1 o'clock this
morning Hobart Tuttle said that he was
sleeping quietly.
Injured by His Horse.
WOODLAND. Xov. 2— Asa Morris, a
prominent Cachevllle farmer, met with a
painful accident Wednesday. His horse
fell on liim and Mr. Morris sustained a
fracture of the leg.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggrlsts refund the money If It falls to cure.
& W. Grove'B signature la on each box. 2ic
HAS HOPE IN
OUR CONGRESS
Proclamation Issued by
Aguinaldo.
■ ♦
HOPES FOR INDEPENDENCE
. «
TWO FILIPINO LEADERS RESIGN
THEIR OFFICES.
♦
Brilliant Work of Lieutenant Sla-
yens and Scouts; Who Rout a
Much Larger Force of the
Enemy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Nov. 2.— Agulnaldo has
issued a proclamation announcing that
the American Congress will meet in
December to decide whether the "impe
rialistic policy" and "this bloody work"
are to be continued. He exhorts his sol
diers to conduct themselves co that Con
gress will consider them worthy of inde
pendence, and requests the priests to ab
ptain from politics and to redeem the
church from the bad name the misdeeds
of the friars have given it.
A crisis in the Filipino Cabinet Is pre
dicted as a result of the resignations of
Paterno and Buencamino, two Filipino
leaders who have lost tho confidence of
the rabid revolutionists.
Some Filipinos who attempted to come
to Manila with the Spanish Commission
received a message from Major General
Otis saying the women and children
would be given American protection, but
the men who had cust their lot with the
insurrection must remain with it. The
party included a brother of General Luna,
who was assassinated by the guard before
Aguir.aldo's headquarter.-;, with his fam
ily. ;uid the Filipino Secretary of the
Treasury. The families returned' to Tar
lac.
Lieutenant Slavens nf General MacAr
thur'a staff, recoimoitering with eighteen
wnen In front of Angeles, discovered a Fili
pino outpost in a trench. The Filipinos
numbered about forty men. As the Fili
pinos had sighted the Americans, Lieu
tenant Slavens' only course was to
charge, and his party rushed to the
trench, shooting and yelling. They killed
three of the insurgents and wounded sev
eral, who, however, succeeded in escap
ing. Not one of the Americans was hit.
The lieutenant secured valuable informa
tion about the enemy's position.
Thi- feeling of disquiet aroused at Iloilo
by the arrest of Santiago, the wealthy
Filipino who is charged with forming a
revolutionary Junta, has subsided. The
natives in their Quarter of the town were
BUllen and restless and were heard chant
ing the death song at night, with the re
frain, "The Americans Bleep." A provost
marshal's force Burtounded the quarter
and drove the suspicious-looking natives
outside the lints.
The Americans occupy Iloilo and the
adjoining towns of Jaro and ftfolo with
: en, consisting of the Eighteenth and
Twenty-sixth regiments, two battalions
of the Nineteenth regiment, a • i.;-o'h
ment of the Sixth regiment and a battery
of the Sixth artillery.
The Insurgent force is now supposed to
be between 2000 and 6000 armed men and
many more unarmed. Their lines are
about 900 yards from Jaro, which is oc
cupied by the Twenty-sixth regiment.
The insurgents are reported to have five
smooth-bore cannon. For a long time
past they have been building trenches be
tween Jaro and their stronghold, Santa
Barbara, eight miles north.
TWO TRANSPORTS FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 2.— The United
States transports Pennsylvania and Olym
pia sailed for the Philippines to-night
with the Thirty-ninth Infantry and two
companies of the Forty-fifth Infantry on
board. Colonel Bullard and his staff
sailed on the Pennsylvania. In addition
to the troops the transports carried a
large Quantity of supplies for the army In
the Philippines.
COMMANDER ADAMS
GOES TO PHILIPPINES
VA 1. 1.K.J0, Nov. 2.— Lieutenant Com
mander C. A. Adams, United States navy,
for some time past the executive offlcer
of the United Statc-s steamship Independ
ence, will take passage on the United
States steamship Solace for Manila, he
having been relieved from duty a few
days ago. Lieutenant Commander Adams
will be succeeded by Lieutenant Com
mander Thomas S. Phe'.ps. United Btates
navy one of the most popular officers in
the American navy and a son of former
Rear Admiral Phelps.
Captain Goodall came up from San
1 ; . .
si Pi
Men's Gloves.
We have often told you about our
ties, shirts and underwear — you know
what values we give in these. Now,
our gloves are sold at just such prices
as our other furnishings — lower than
exclusive dealers.
These men's gloves have embroi-
dered backs and pique se.ms, are well
sewed and fit like expensive glov;s;
colors: English red and brown; also tan;
sizes G l to 9; price
£ 11 11 a pair
XJfl^Sx -7i a market st ~ >^to^/
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
Francisco on Tuesday morning with a
force of thirty stevedores to place the
cargo of stores for the Solace aboard.
The paymaster of the Solace has been
making some heavy purchases in the way
of provisions on direct orders from \\ asn
ington. One hundred thousand pounds
of flour will be shipped up from San
Francisco to-morrow.
The Philadelphia, which has been un
dergoing repairs here at the navy yard
for months past, is now fast nearing com
pletion, and before many days will be
ready for the seas again, although at
present she has no orders.
INSURGENT CAVALRY
ENTIRELY DESTROYED
MANILA, Nov. 3.— The Insurgents at
tempted to arr>' ush Captain Batson's
scouts between Santiago and Saragossa,
but Captain Batson charged them and
drove them out from their position, kill
ing and wounding several of them. One
American officer was killed and a private
wounded.
Ueneral Young's troops are beginning
to live on the country, trying buffalo meat
and rice partly in lieu of army rations.
The captures at the Talouera arsenal in
clude thirteen small bra.-^s howitzers and
800 one-pound projectiles.
Major Hell's regiment yesterday adv
annced from Guagua on Florida Blanca,
which was found to be deserted. Bishop's
battalion is stationed there. Major BHI
also made another descent upon Porno,
pursuing the Filipinos thence into the
mountains and capturing their horses
and baggage. The American loss was one
killed and two wounded. Major Bell re
ports that he entirely destroyed the in
aurgent cavalry that was operating in
that section.
SHOT THE WOMAN
WHO REJECTED HIM
George M. Hubbard Attempts to
Commit Murder and Then
Blows Out His Brains.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— George M.
Hubbard, a prominent real estate dealer
of Colton, this evening shot and seriously
wounded Edna Howard and then fired a
bullet into his own brain. He died in
stantly. The shooting took place in a
lodging-house kept by a Mrs. Cunning
ham, in an alley off Fifth street, and was
the result of Hubbard' s infatuation for
the woman while he was under the influ
ence of liquor and lack of encouragement
on her part
Hubbard hns a wife and four children in
< ..It. m, but he frequently visited this city
and consorted with the Howard woman.
He came here about a week ago and has
been drinking heavily ever since. Early
this evening he visited Edna Howard and
she tried to prevail upon him to return to
his wife and family. He started to leave
the house, but turned suddenly ami shot
her in the right shoulder blade, inflicting
a serious wound. He then ended his own
life with a bullet in the brain.
FERRY-BOAT CRASHES
INTO THE PATTERSON
Revenue Cutter Was Badly Damaged.
but Fortunately No One Was
Seriously Injured.
SEATTLE. Nov. 2.— The local ferry City
of Seattle ran down the cutter Patterson
at her anchorage this morning. The long
overhang of the ferryboat crashed into
the side of the ship, knocking the officers
out of their bunks and clear across the
wardroom. A hole was made Inside the
cutter fifteen feet wide and eight feet
high just above the water line. The ferry
boat was not damaged. Nobody was seri
ously injured.
ENGLAND WILL GET
THE SAMOAN ISLANDS
Germany Accepts the Gilbert and
Solomon Islands in Exchange
for Her Interests in Samoa.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— A dispatch to the
Telegraph from Berlin says it is now cer
t.iin the Samoan Islands wih become Brit
ish territory, Germany having consented
to ac<je.pt the Gilbert and Solomon islands
in exchange for her interests in Samoa.
She will thus henceforth own all the
groups comprised In Micronesia except
Guam.
CAPTAIN GREEN DEAD.
Was One of the Earliest Pioneers of
the State.
SONOMA, Nov. 2.— Captain William
Green, Sonoma Valley's oldest resident.
is dead. He passed away at his Embarca
dero home, where he had lived for forty
seven years, at 1 o'clock this afternoon,
surrounded by his aged wife, sons and
daughters. Captain Green came to Cali
fornia with the celebrated Colonel Ste
venson regiment in 1847. In 1852 he located
at Exnbarcaderq, four miles from Sonoma,
where be has resided continuously ever
since. Deceased leaves a widow, two sons
and two daughters, the latter being Mrs.
C.*H. Wise and Mrs. Carrie Lund. L. H.
Green and William Green Jr. are the eons,
the former being a prominent young busi
ness man of this place. Captain Green
was born in New York City, and was
aged 78 years.
POLITICAL.
CITIZENS 5
NON-PARTISAN
PARTY.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
To the Voters of San Francisco: The Non-
PartlFan party was organized Beven years ago
to wrest from professional politicians the con-
trol of municipal affairs and to separate en-
tirely from national politics the selection of
city and county officials.
It has at all times opposed machine politics,
and soukM to elect worthy men to ofnee toy in-
dependent nomination or indorsement.
The last Legislature passed a law expressly
aimed at the "unwelcome interference in
1 puhllc affairs of non-partisan organizations.
! The Rlckard act forbids any Information on the
i ballot concerning the Indorsements that a can-
! dldate may receive and makes It impossible for
■ a man tn"be nominated by two parties such
I a creditable occurrence as the nomination last
I year by the two great parties of John Lack-
! Mann "for Supervisor could not be repeated,
i We regard this law as pernicious in principle
I and against public policy, and we intend to
; vigorously contest It.
i the adoption of a non-partisan charter, tne
i result of the last primary election, and the in-
■ dependent character of the recent Republican
i and Democratic conventions, clearly Indicate,
however, that the friends of good government
i have awakened to their duties. ...,.*
With these changed conditions we feel that
there is no occasion for an entire Non-Partisan
ticket at this election.
It is however, a fundamental principle of
this party to support those nominees who have
faithfully and fearlessly filled their offices and
are r?nominated for the same office. "S\ c would
fall in our obligations were we to leave this
I work undone. *
We therefore unqualifiedly recommend for
your Suffrage at the coming election:
For Mayor JAMES D. PHELAN
For Assessor. WASHINGTON DODGE
For Auditor ASA R, WELLS
! For City and County Attorney-..
FRANKLIN K. LANE
To each of these faithful servants of the
people there Is certainly due a generous meai-
ure of credit and encouragement, for the able
and h.mest manner In which they have ful-
i filled their public trust.
i This committee, furthermore, realizing the
: difficulty for each Individual voter to inform
himself as to the qualifications of the many
I candidates for the Board of Supervisors, has
given careful and Impartial study to the rela-
i tive merits of the nominees on the several
! tickets.
As the result of continuous work by this
! committee, extending over a month's time, re-
i gardlng this Important department of the city
government, we feel Justified In recommending
for your support and vote, irrespective of
party line?, the following eighteen citizens, se-
lected from the Republican and Democratic
tickets, to constitute the first Board ot Super-
visors under the new charter: ,
Booth, James P. | Town, Joseph S.
I Branflensteln, h. D. \ Foster, Samuel
Comte, A. Jr. i Goodsell, D. C. M.
1 D'Ancona. A. A. Jeffers, Milo S.
; Hotohng, R. M. King, Charles J.
Jenn-.ngs, Thomas ! Morris, T. H.
; Pohli Emil I Sanderson, George R.
; Putnam, osgooa j Watson, William
i Reed, Charles Wesley | Wright, Cyrus S.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE.
GEORGE K. FITCH, Chairman.
JOSEPH BRITTON, Vica-Chaiman.
C. C. BURR, Secretary.
San FranciFCO, Oct. 30, 5899.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
For Sheriff,
JEREMIAH DEASY
(Present Supervisor of Tenth Ward,)
*
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
WM. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR SUPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
POLITICAL. s
RALLY !
HON. F. X. SGHQONMAKER
Will discuss the relative ' con-
nection between the issues of
the present municipal campaign
and the policy of the National
Republican Administration
AT PIONEER HALL,
Fourth St., Near Market,
SATURDAY EVENING, NOV. 4th,
At 8 O'clock.
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT WILL
. PRESIDE.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Borne
Rule Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. dimming
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
City Attorney ... Franklin K. Lane
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
Tax Collector .... Richard P. Doolaa
Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
Recorder ...... Edmund Godchaux
I County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
District Attorney .Lewis E. Byington
Coroner Dr. 3. Beverly Cole
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
H.U.Brandenstein, Thomas Jennings,
P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohli,
Dr. A.A. d'Ancona, Osg-ood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed, .
' It. M. Hotalingy Joseph S. Tobin,
. POLICE JUDGES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Fritz.
Charles T. Conlan, Ed P. Mogan. •
FOR MAYOR,
JAMES D. PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
For CITY ATTORNEY,
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C. C 6'DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
:^"jJrs«£ WIT ■ ■ 15
/^» mo» nn. Iff I | ft 1 I ffe
$$£lf*fc VIIALId
, ir^&iT ¥l^%, THE NEW
Is, Day feSftxJfcft. JA^ W CD C M PI!
WDT 10th Day. <&m yEIL y m I II Vile
VITALIS mDI 'SU DCMFDY
PROIH IKS THE ABOVE 30th Day. llClllbUll*
! HKStLTS. Itquickly A surely removes Nervousnes., LostM, Evil
Dreams, Wasting Dl»ras« & all effects of self -abu«e or excesses *
Indiscretions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power & Failing Memory.
Warts off Insanity and Consumption. Cures whrn »lloth«n hi!.
Insist on having \ ITALIS, no other Can be carried in vett
pocket. By mail #1.00 per package or six for *5.00 •**» a
jruar.nteetoCur* or Refund the Jloney. Circular Fre* A<l4r«»«
CALUMET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St.. Chlc»«»
Sold la Sao Frausisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
"~ DR.PIERCES l
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. ...
DISCOVERY
FOR THE _
L BLOOD, UVER.LUNGS;
REYNOLD'S
GflliTJ^
KM SIM T&M Few persons need
13 be coufined by
Goutor Rheumatism, « on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy; then, a single dose is often sufficient.
K. rOI'GIJUA A CO., 58.30 SiWiUlani St.- V, X,ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ <•>
? V
0 • ~' ' »
■-?• RO n . a
« '\ j H Q
§ ...AT... . I
I Reduced Prices, I
$ . <$>
1 No. 2 FALCON. 1
<;. Resrular price, $6 00.
| Reduced to $3.35. §
| No. 2 BULLSEYE. 1
$ Regular price, }S 00. «
I Reduced to $5.35. 1
I No. I FOLDING POCKETKODAK g
v> Regular price. »10 OG. £f
I Reduced to 56.65. I
I No, 4 CARTRIDGE KODAK, |
0 *>
„. Regular price, $25 00. A
g Reduced to S/6.65. :
? ML OTHET? EASTMAN KODAKS AT <■
« PROPORTIONATE PRICES. &
|
0 FOR SALE AT THESE PRICES BY V
XT. P. Andrews 109 Montgomery St. i
■ T. P. Andrews 109 Montgomery St g
§ Win. 0. Bacon 18 Post St. ?
6 Hirsch & Kaiser 7 Kearny St. $3
£ H. B. Hosmer 538 Market St. £
Geo. H. Kahn '•'
£ Cor. Sutter and Kearny Sts.
M Henry Kahn & Co... Chronicle Building <?
0 Kirk, Geary &Co 220 Sutter St. «
.;. No-Percentage Drug Co-949 Market St. X :
i^ Henry J. Shiiloock 841 Mission St.
* <$>
' > yr94&95\ MARKferSt
JT .<* ■ ' HBCX to_ n ale sros —
VMIOWS INHALER
#®% CATARRH
V *y3j Colds, Coughs,
0 Hay Fever, Bron-
<£ |Nffl||^ c hitis, Asthma
HI? — Qi H and 8 " disease*
*$'¥^d i^ of the Thr ° at and
Clouds of Medicated V«por are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing end TaporlzlDf all the Inflamed
•nd diseased parts which cannot be reached bj
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places — It goes to the seat of disease — It acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system fl.oo at
druggists or tent by mail. 1505 Arch St., JPhilc*.
Best of Workmanship, /^T\
Excellent Material, [ Sh )
Strong Threadwork, VjjwW
Perfection in Fit, jiffl
Correctness of Style m feff-
J Are Borne of the good Witt muLjt
: point."! that place PC- \ff W/'/tyA
} HEIM'S tailor made y//Wm.
; suits In the lead. ' ffiKM7yh "
An o the r Important W^'^^g
point Is that his suite <•£> ■ S 3
fun l«? had for 25 per '/%, Uj Hi
cent less money than fyYr ■ I]
you have to pay ordl- 'vy' 9/11
nary tailors for lnfe- /^P^U
rlor workmanship and ** t^
material.
fjce/^km
1 110 1 1 12 Market st. ilOll Washington «t..
1 201-ZO3 Montgomery. I J43 s °»£?{£ Btreet>
. Ban FrantflßCO. I Los Angeles. ■•:-
-1899 —TAXES -1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
flirt Installment of K*a! Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
Xovembor 27. at 0 o'clock D. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 23. from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
. elers from all over the United Slates I
' chow their appreciation of the excel- 7
1 •lance of the f
♦ PALACE ♦
GRAND !
( ' by making these hotels their headquar- '
i t«rs while In Han Francisco. Fourteen I
hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest i
i and finest In the world. ,
JOHN C. KIRKPATniCK. Manager. }
.»«iit---— - —-"»**■ »---rTi-«»«
»r. R. L Walsh,
/t^*^^*** I *^. *I£\ GEARY ST. bet
P-fftj'-friVinii Hyde and I.arkln.
P^ ~*?S^i&o£=£i Painless Extraction..
wV ■ rf'^fiY Crowns ....'.'.'.'..
- J F T 1- f- »U-^ Fleeh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
K><-cl»lty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. Ho student*. 1*
»"•*«*■' tuxrtoac*. _ ,
DECLARES THE FILIPINOS ARE
INCAPABLE OF SELF-GOVERNMENT
Commission Submits a Preliminary Report to the President
Stating That No Promises Were Made to Aguinaldo
and Praising the Work of General Otis.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2.— ln ac
cordance with the understand
ing reached at the conference
at the White House yesterday
the Philippine Commission sub
mitted to the President the preliminary j
i report which It had promised to prepare, j
The report appears to be a compact i
summary of conditions on the Islands a3
j the commission left them; of the histori
cal events which preceded the Spanish
war and led to the original Filipino in
surrection; of the exchanges between Ad-
I mlral Dewey and the other American
commanders and the insurgents, and the
i breaking out and the progress of the
I present insurrection, and finally a state-
I ment of the capacity of the Filipinos for
self-government. A notable feature of the
j report Is a memorandum by Admiral
I Dewey explanatory of his relations with
j Agulnaldo.
The commission tells briefly how It con
ducted the task entrusted to It. hearing
• statements from all classes of people In
Manila as to the capabilities of the Fili
pinos for self-government, the habits and
customs of the people and also the estab
lishment of municipal governments in
many towns. All this matter is to be
included In the final report.
Turning to the history of the islands
the commission attaches little importance
to the divers rebellions which had pre
ceded that of IS%. As to this movement
i hey declare that it was in no sense an
attempt to win independence, but solely
to obtain relief from intolerable abuses.
To sustain this statement they quote
from an Insurgent proclamation, showing
, that what was demanded was the ex
pulsion of the friars and the restitution
to the people of their lands, with a di
vision of the episcopal sees between
Spanish and native priests, it was also
demanded that the Filipinos have par
liamentary representation, rreedum
press, religious toleration, economic au
tonomy and laws similar to those of
Spain. The abolition of the power of
banishment was demanded, witn a legal
equality for all persons in law and equal
ity In pay between Spanish and native
civil servants. The commission declares
> that these uemands had good ground;
that on paper the Spanish system of gov
ernment was tolerable, but in practice
• every Spanish governor did what h<_- saw
1 lit and the evil deeds of men In the gov
ernment were bidden from Spain by strict
presd censorship.
Allusion is made to the powerful K^iti
punan Society, patterned on the Masonic
order, and mainly made up ot Tagalos, as
powerful revolutionary force.
Ihe war begun In Lsyti was terminated
;by the treaty of Biac-Na-Bate. The Fili
pinos were numerous, but possessed only
about &*) smallarms. The Spanish f.-it. that
it wuuld require 100,000 men to capture
their stronghold, a-nd concluded to resort
to the us' 3of money. Certain conces
were also decided upon, including n pre
sentation of the Filipinos in the Cortes,
the deportation of the friars, which was
the principal question; the grant of the
right of association and of a frea press.
Governor General Rivera wat; willing to
P«Ly $2,000,000 In Mexican money when
AguinaJdo and his Cabinet and leading
officers arrived in Hongkong. It appears,
however, that Paterno only offered the
latter $400,000, $200,000 to be paid when j
Aguinaldo arrived at Hongkong and the
! balance when the Filipinos had delivered
Jup their arms. The arrangement was not
acceptable to the people.
The promises were never carried out
and Spanish abuse's began afresh in Ma
nila, at one time more than 200 men being
executed. Hence sporadic revolutions oc
curred, though they possessed nothing
Ilk* the strength of the original move
| ment. The insurgents lacked arms, am
munition and leaders. The treaty had
ended the war, which, with the exception
of an unimportant outbreak, has been
confined to Luzon, Spain's sovereignty in
the islands never having been questioned
and the thought of Independence never
having been entertained.
The report then tells how General Au
gustine went to Manila as Governor Gen
! e-ral at this Juncture, and when war broke
; out between Spain and the United States
j Augustine sought to secure the support
i of the Filipinos to defend Spain against
I America, promising them autonomy, but
j the Filipinos did not trust him. Then
: came the Ist of May and the destruction
j of the Spanish fleet by Dewey, with the
resulting loss of prestige to Spain. Then
in June Aguinaldo came. On thi3 point
the commission says:
The following memorandum on this Fuhject
; has bean furnished tho commission by Admiral
i Dewey:
I Memorandum of relations with Agrulnaldo.
! On April U. 1698, the following cipher dispatch
was received at Hongkong: from E. Spencar
: Pratt. United Btates Consul General at Singa
pore: "Agulnaldo. Insurgent leader, here.
Will come to Hongkong, arrange with commo
dore for general co-operation Insurgents Manila
' If deetred. Telegraph.— l'ratt."
; On the tamo day Commodore Dewey tele
graphed Mr. Pratt: "Teli Agulnaldo come as
coon as possible," the necessity for haste being
' due to the fact that the squadron had been
notified by the Hongkong Government to leave
the waters by the following day. The squadron
! left Hongkong on the morning of the 2r,th, and
1 Mlrs Bay on the 2.th. Apulnaldo did not leHve
■ ■ ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A visit
to the Wieland brewery
would be an education and
a revelation to most
people.
The immense vaults
where the brew is kept in
ice-cold and filtered air for
months to "ripen;" the
wonderful process of lin-
ing each keg anew each
time it is used with pitch
applied at a heat of 400
degrees, as well as the
scrupulous cleanliness
throughout. But in
Wielands
Extra Pale
family table beer they don't
stop at that — each bottle
is sterilized after bottling.
Your e^ocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
T407-17 K<l«ly St.
THE CALIFORNIA COLLS3E OF DENTAL
SORGEBY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY, Octobrr 2S.
For further particulars address
B. W. DENNIS. M.U.. 0.D.8 Dean,
416 Parrott building.
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M.. M.D.. S«o-
-tttary, U2l Sutttr st.
IHE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
Plnpaporp until the 26th. and so did not arrive |
In Hongkong In time to have a conference with
the admiral.
It had been reported to the commodore as |
early as March 1 by the United States Consul
at Manila and others that the FlMplni* had
| broken out In Insurrection against the Spanish
authority In the vicinity of Manila, and on
| March 30 Mr. Williams had telegraphed: "Five
j thousand rebels armed In camp near city. Ixiyal
to us In case of war."
Vpon the arrival of the squadron at Manila
| it was found that there was no Insurrection to
speak of, and it wns accordingly decided to al
low Agulnaldo to come to Cavite on board the
MoOuliorh. He arrived with thirteen of his
staff on May 19 and Immediately came on board
the Olympla to call on the commander-ln-hlef.
■ after which he was allowed to land at Cavite '
! and organize an army. This was done with the
; purpose of strengthening the United States
: forces and weakening those of the enemy. No
I alliance of any kind was entered Into with
i Agulnaldo, nor was any promise of independ
, ence made to him. then or at any other time.
I The commission's report then rapidly
i sketches events now historical. It tells In
substance how the Filipinos attacked the
Spanish and how General Anderson ar
■ rived and Agiilnaldo, at his request, re
' moved from Cavite to Bakoor. Saya the
; commission: "Now for the first time rose
the idea of national independence. Aguin
aldo issued a proclamation in which he
took the responsibility of promising It to
his people on behalf of the American Qov
i ernment, although he admitted freely in
private conversation with members ot his
; Cabinet that neither Admiral Dewey nor
; any other American had made him any
j such promise."
The report states that Aguinaldo wished
to attack the Americans when they landed
at Paranaque, but was deterred by lack
of arms and ammunition. From that point
"ii there wad a growing friction between
the Filipinos and the Amt-rk-an troops.
"There was no conference," says the re
: port, "between the officers of the Filipinos
and our officers with a view to operating
* against the Spaniards, nor was there co
operation of any kind. • • • There
[ never was any preconcerted operations or
: any combined movement by the United
! States and Filipinos agralnst the Span
' iard."
Reference is made to Agulnaldo's de
mand that he be allowed to loot Manila
; and take the arms of the Spaniards. The
latter demand is said to confirm the state
; ment that he intended to get possession of
[ the arms to attack the Americans. Fur
ther evidence of the hostile Intentions of
the Filipinos was found in the organlza
| tion of "popular clubs." which later on
j furnished a local militia to attack the
! Americans. The decrees of the Filipino
Congress are also cited, as well as the
making- of bolls (knives) In every shop in
Manila. It is Bhown that a consid
• erable element in the Filipino Con
gress wished to address to President Mc-
Kinley a request not to abandon the Phil
ippines iat this stage the Paris conference
was discussing the future of the Philip
: pines). The President was also to be
: asked his desire as to tho. form of govern
: ment he wished to establish. But all this
I time Aguinaldo was preparing fur war
I and delaying these messages, and it was
understood that the attack would come
i on the lirst act by the American forces
| which would afford a pretext.
A brief chapter tells of the lack of BUC
a attending the effort made at this
i time by General Merrltt, through a com
mission, to arrive at a mutual under
standing with Agulnaldo, as to the inten
tions, purposes and desires of the Filipino
people. This brings th>- story up to the
outbreak on the evening of the 4th of
February, with the attack upon the
j American troops following the action of
j the Nebraskan sentinel. The commissicni,
! in concluding this chapter, says:
After the landing of our troops Agulnaldo
made up his mind that It would be neo*;«i<ary
to flght the Americans, and after the making
\rt the treaty of peace at Paris this determina
tion wa« strengthened. He did not only openly
dw lare that h<» Intended to fight the Americans,
but he excited everybody, and especially the
military, by claiming independence, and It Is
doubtful whether he had the power to check
or control the army at the time hostilities broke
out. I">ei'lorable as war is the one in which
we are now engaged was unavoidable. We
were attacked by a bold, adventurous and en
thusiastic arniy. No alternative was left to us
except Ignominious retreat. It is not to be
conceived that any American could have
sanctioned the surrender of Manila to the In
yurpTits. Our obligations to other nations and
to the friendly Filipinos and to ourselves and
jur flag demand that force should b« met
with force. Whatever the future of the Philip
pines may be thpre Is no course open to us
now except the prosecution of the war until
the Insurgents are rpduc^d to submission. The
commission is of the opinion that there has
been no time since the destruction of the Span.
ish pquadron by Admiral Dewy when It was
possible to withdraw our forces from the
islands either with honor to ourselves or with
safety to the Inhabitants.
The commission then takes the condi
tion of the country at tho time of their
arrival, comparing it with conditions <x-
Istlng at the time they left it a short time
ago. A vivid picture is riven of the nn
archy existing among the inhabitants in
and about Manila during the early spring.
"The situation In the city," says the
commleslpn, "was bad. Incendiary flr>-s
occurred daily. The streets were almost
deserted. Half the native population had
fled and most of the remainder were shut
in their houses. Business was at a stand
still. Insurpc-nt troops everywhere faced
our lines and thf Pound of rifle firing- was
frequently audible in our house. A reign
of terror prevailed. Filipinos who have
favored Americans feared assassination,
and few had the courage to come out
openly for us. Fortunately, therp wore
among this number some or the best men
of the city."
The report then speaks of the issuance
of the commission's proclamation and the
rood -effects It had on public sentiment.
The natives, accustomed to Spanish prom
ises, urged the commission that acts In
stead of promises should be givnn them.
As a result native law courts were estab
lishf-d. and this greatly aided in tho resto
ration of public confidence. The flow of
population soon bogan to set toward tho
city. Natives who had fled from their
homes returned. As showing the limited
scope of the rebellion the commission
states:
Wo learned that the strong anti-American
feeling was confined to the Tagalo provinces,
namely, Manila, f'avlto, Laguna, Batangas,
Morons;, Bulucan, Nueva Eclja, Principe, In
fanta and 7.amba!es. It was strongest In the
first six named ar.rt hardly existed In the lest
four. Thp population of these provinces Is es
timated to be about 1,500,000, but It should not
be supposed that even In the blx provinces Im
mediately adjacent to Manila the people were
united In their opposition to us. Even here
there was a strong conservative element con-
Bistlng of people of wealth and intelligence
opposed to the war.
Under the heading, "The Rebellion Not
a National Movement," the report treats
of the rebellion out of Oio provinces of
Luzon, where It Is stated the uprising was
viewed at first with Indifference and later
with fear. Throughout the archipelago at
large there was trouble only at those
points to which Tagalos had been sent In
considerable numbers. The machinery of
the Insurgent "government" served only
for plundering the people under the pre
text of levying war contributions, while
many of the Insurgent officials were rap
idly "accumulating wealth.
Ap to the state of affairs when the com
mission left, the report says:
Baton the commission left the Philippines
nearly all the Inhabitants have returned to
. ruined villages. Many of the houses bad
li-en rebuilt. Fields that had lain fallow for
three years were green with growing crops.
Municipal governments had been established
and the people, protected by our troops, were
enjoying p*ace. security and a degree of par
ticipation In their own government previously
unknown In the history of the Philippines.
Attempts of the Insurgents to raise recruits
and money In the province of Bulucan were
proving abortive, except when backed by bay
onets and bullets, and even in such cases the
natives were applying to us for help to resist
them.
The chapter devoted to "establishment
of municipal governments" gives In detail
the offorts in that direction. There wore
many difficulties encountered. The condi
tion of the people was found to be most
pitiable. They had been plundered by the
insurgent troops, who had robbed "them
of jewels, money, clothing and even food,
BO that they were literally starving.
Peaceful citizens had been fired on;
women had been maltreated. There was
prnernl satisfaction that the Americans
had come at last and conditions seemed
favorable to the American propaganda.
The towns of Bacoor and Imus were se
lected for the purpose of experiment and
4fter talks with the local "head men," a
local form of g-overnmfnt was established.
Encouraged by thr result, the work was
continued at Paranaque, Las Plnas and
other towns, with similar good results.
At the request of General Lawton, who
had been assigned to this work by Gen
eral Otis, the commission prepared a sim
ple scheme of municipal government,
similar enough to the old system to be
readily comprehensible to the natives, but
giving them liberties which they had
never before enjoyed. This scheme was
adopted and gave general satisfaction. In
every instance enthusiasm ran high be
fore the Commissioners took their depart
ure and cheers were raised for General
Lawton and for the country which he
represented.
The commission states that a large
amount of supervision over the affairs of
our new municipalities proved necessary,
as the officials were timid and slow to
comprehend their new duties. At many
of the elections the voters went about
"asking whom they would vote for," and
it was only with great difficulty that they
were persuaded to exercise the right of
free suffrage.
The commission sums up the situation
at the time of their departure as follows:
AVhen we left Manila a lurgre volume of busi
ness was being done and the streets were so
crowded as to be hardly safe. The native pop
ulation was quiet and orderly and all fear of
an uprising had lonpr since passed. An efficient
corps of native policemen was on duty. A
system of public sehon!.* In which Enitli. J h was
taught had b°en advocated by the commission
an.l established by General Otis. Sume 6000
scholars were In attendance.
In the Tagalo province of I^uzon. where the
anti-American feeling- had been strongest, pub
lic sentiment had greatly changed, aB evi
denced by the fact that the military Governor
of HnlaEana-s had offered to surrender his
troops and his province If we would only Bend
a small force there. The Hlools, In Southern
Luzon, had risen agrainst their Tapalo mas
ters. The Macabebes wore clamoring for an
opportunity to fight In our ranks and native
» Idlers and scouts were also serving- under
General Lawton. Stories nf the corruption of
lnsurßf-nt officers were becoming daily more
common and the disintegration of the enemy's
forces was steadily progressing. The hope of
assistance from outside sources seemed to be
all that held them together.
Having given so much attention to the
Island of Luzon, the commission then
takes in detail the condition of the other
islands. On this point it is stated that
the rebellion Is essentially Tagalo, and
when it ends in Luzon It must end
throughout the archipelago. The situa
tion « -lsewhere than Luzon is summed up
as follows:
The only Island, apart frnm Luzon, where
serious trouble threatens Is Panay, to which
a considerate- force of Tagalo soldiers were
sent before an outbreak of hostilities. Many
of the Vtsayana of this Island are opposed to
Tagalos, however, and It Is not believed that
the latter can make a formidable resistance.
In S;itnar, Leyte and Masbate the Tagalo in
vaders are numerically lew and are disliked by
the natives of these islands, whom the- have
oppressed. We were a^ured that 200 men
w.>uld suffice to restore order In Mandoro.
Bobol was asking for troops, the Calamianea
Islanders had sent word that they would wel
come us. There can be no resistance in Pala
wan. Satisfactory relations had already bepn
established with th<> warlike Moros, whose '
Pultan had previously been conciliated by a
member of the commission and in Mindanao,
this tribe had even taken up our cause and
attacked the insurgents, of whom there are
very few in the Island. In Cebu we have only
to reckon with the lawless element, which has
never been very formidable there.
Special attention is given to the island
of Negros, as this seemed a field well
adapted to the extension of an American
system. Here the natives had adopted a
local form of government. Including a
Congress, and had raised the American
flag. They believed themselves capable
of managing their own affairs and asked
for a battalion of troops to hold In check
a mountainous band of fanatics. The bat
talion whs furnished, but the people
proved unable to carry out their pro
gramme, owing to ill feeling among their
own ofilcials. The Americans remained
popular. At the request of General Otis
a new and simplified scheme of govern
ment for the island, giving the people a
large voice in their affairs, but placing an
American in full control, was put into
operation. It brought about satisfaction
and public order is better in the Island to
day than at any time during the last
twenty years. Slimming the failure of
tho native form of government and the
success of the American control, tho com
mission says:
The flat failure of this attempt to establish
an Independent native government In Negros,
conducted as it was under the most favorable
circumstances, makes It apparent that here,
as well as in the less favored provinces, a large
amount of American control Is at iirom-nt abso
lutely essential to a successful administration
of Diibllc affairs.
The efforts at conciliation with Aguln
aldo and his various commissions are set
forth in detail. These commissioners
were assured of the beneficent purposes
of the I'nited States, and the President's
readiness to grant the Filipino r-eople as
large a measure of home rule and as
ample liberty as was consistent with tho
ends of Government, "subject only to the
recognition of the sovereignty of the
United States— a point which " being es
tablished, the commission Invariably re
fused to discuss."
The commission adds that nothing came
of the negotiations, as Agulnaldo's emis
saries were without powers and merely
came and came again for Information.
Courteous reception was accorded to the
insurgent commissions and earnest ap
peals made to stop further bloodshed, ail
witnessing "the spirit of patient concilia
tion" exhibited by the American com
mission In endeavoring to reach an
amicable adjustment with the insurgents
as well as the obduracy of Aguinaldo.
The report sums up the result of these
fruitless exchanges as follows:
No better proof could be furnished that the
primary object of this struggle Is not. as Is
pretended, the liberty of the Filipino peoples,
but the continuance of his own arbltary and
despotic power. In any event, the American
people may feel confident that no effort was
omitted by the commission to secure a peace
ful end of the struggle, but the opportunities
they afforded and urged were all neglected, if
not. Indeed, spurned.
The chapter devoted to "capacity for
self-government" is the result, the report
states, of diligent inquiry for several
months, 'n the course of which a great
number of witnesses were examined of
all shades of political thought and va
rieties of occupation, tribe and locality.
The moat striking, and perhaps ihe most
significant fact In the entire situation is
the multiplicity of tribes inhabiting tlu
archipelago. the diversity of their
languages (which are mutually unintelli
gible) and the multifarious phases of
civilization— ranging all the way from the
highest to the lowest. As to this the re
port says: "The Filipinos are not a na
tion, but a variegated assemblage of dif
ferent tribes and peoples, and thtir loyal
ty is still of the tribal type."
Concerning their intellectual capacity,
the commission said:
As tr> the general Intellectual capacities of
the Filipinos the commission Is disposed to rate
them high. But excepting In a limited number
of persons thpse capacities have not been de
veloped by education or experience. The masses
of the people are uneducated. Intelligpnt pub
lic opinion on which popular government rests
does not exist in the Philippines. Ami !t can
not exist until education has elevated the
maßses. broadened their intellpctun.l horizon
and disciplined their faculty of Judgment. And
even then the power of self-government can
not be assumed without considerable previous
training and experience under the guidance and
tutelage of an enlightened and liberal foreign
power. For the bald fact Is that the Filipinos
have never had any experience in governing
themselves.
The report shows that this inability for
pelf-government is due to the old Spanish
regime, which gave the Filipinos little or
no part In governing themselves. Afier
reviewlng this Spanish system the com
mission sums up on this point:
Tills is all the training in self-government
which the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands
have enjoyed. Their lack of education and po
litical experience, combined with their racial
and linguistic diversities, disqualify them, in
sptte of their mental gifts and democratic vir
tues, to undertake the task of governing the
archipelago at the present time. The most that
can be expected of them is to co-operate with
the Americans in the administration of general
affairs from Manila as a center and to under
take, subject to American control or guidance
(as may be found necessary) the administra
tion of provincial and municipal affairs. For
tunately there are educated Filipinos, though
they do not constitute a large proportion of the
entire population, and their support and ser
vices will be of incalculable value In inaugu
rating and maintaining the new government.
As education advances and experience ripens
the natives may be entrusted with a large
and more Independent share of government,
self-government, as the American Ideal, being
constantly kept in view as the goal. In this
way American sovereignty over the archipelago
will prove a great political boon to the people.
Should our power by any fatality be with
drawn the commission believe the government
of the Philippines would speedily lapse into
anarchy, which would excuse, if It did not
necessitate, the intervention of other powers
and the eventual division of the Islands among
them.
Only through American occupation, therefore.
Is the idea of a free, self-governing and nnlted
Philippine gommonwealth at all conceivable.
And the Indispensable need, from the Filipino
point of view, of maintaining American sover
eignty over the archipelago is recognized by all
Intelligent Filipinos, and even by those Insur
gents who desire an American protectorate.
The latter, it is true, would take the revenues
and leave us the responsibilities. Nevertheless
they .recognize the Indubitable fact that the
Filipinos cannot rtiind alone. Thus the welfare
of the Filipinos coincides with the dictates of
national honor in forbidding our abandonment
of the archipelago. We cannot, from any point
of view, escape the responsibilities of govern
ment which our sovereignty entails, and the
commission Is strongly persuaded that the per
formance of our national duty will prove the
greatest blessing to the peoples of the Philip
pine Islands.
One of the closing chapters of the re
port is devoted to a tribute to
"our soldiers and sailors in the
war." The commission dismisses the
reports of the desecrating of churches,
the murdering of prisoners and
the. committing of unmentionable crimes
and say they are glad to express the be
lief that a war was never more humanely
conducted, saying:
If churches were occupied it was only as a
military necessity and frequently after their
use as forts by tne insurgents had made It
necessary to train our artillery on them. Pris
oners were taken whenever opportunity afford
ed, often to be set at liberty after being dis
armed and fed. Up to the time of our depart
ure, although numerous spies had been cap
tured, not a single Filipino had been exe
cuted.
The commission gives a general view
of the value of the islands, their general
richness in agricultural and forest prod
ucts, their mineral wraith and their com
manding geographical position. They
state that the Philippines should soon
become one of the great traders of the
East. Manila is already connected by
new steamship lines with Australia, India
ami Japan, and she will become the nat
ural terminus of many other lines when
a ship canal connects the Atlantic with
the Pacific. It cannot be doubted that
commerce will greatly increase and the
United States will obtain a large share in
this treatment. The report concludes:
Our control means to the Inhabitants of the
Philippines Internal peace and order, a guar
antee against foreign aggression and against
the dismemberment of their country, commer
cial and industrial prosperity and as large a
share of the affairs of government aa they
shall prove fit to take. When peace and pros
perity shall have been established throughout
the archipelago, when education shall have be
come general, then. In the language of a lead
ing Filipino, his people will, under our guid
ance, "become more Americans than the Amer
icans themsel\-es. "
The report is signed by J. G. Bchur
man, George Dewey, Charles Denby and
Dean C. Worcester.
WILL NOT GIVE
UP A MURDERER
Costa Rica Refuses Wish
of England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 2.— The
Government of Costa Rica has definitely
refused to surrender Rutherford, the man
charged with the murder of the American
citizen named Archer unless the British
Government guarantees not to inflict cap
ital punishment, to which the Govern
ment cannot accede, thus closing the case
so far as Jamaica is concerned.
Early in 1537 an American named Post
Harding Archer arrived In Jamaica for
the purpose of taking up land and engag
ing In fruit cultivation. 'Jo all appearances
he possessed considerable means both in
ready money and personal effects. Archer
secured a property known as Elervale, in
the parish of Portland, a most valuable
place for his purpose, situated on the very
outskirts of civilization and reached by
a road that led no farther. As a compan
ion and partner in his venture Archer se
cured the services of a Jamaican named
Rutherford.
On October 22, 1897, the body of Archer
was found in an unfrequented spot in a
pool of blood. The body showed two pis
tol shot wounds, one through the brain
and one through the heart. There was no
weapon found, and the flannel undershirt,
shirt and coat were buttoned up and
found to be unperforated by the bullet
that entered the heart.
The body also lay face downward on a
Cile of broken stones, yet the face was not
rulsed. The effects of the deceased were
found to have been stolen.
In spite of these facts the police of the
district, after a delay of a week, set up a
theory of Buicide, with which they went
before the Coroner's jury. The Coroner,
who was the resident magistrate, refused
to allow such a verdict on the evidence
and the recorded, verdict was that "the
deceased came to his death from the ef
fects of two pistol shots, but by whom
discharged does not appear from the evi
dence. The circumstances surrounding
the death of the deceased are so suspi
cious we should suggest that the police
be instructed to Institute further vigilant
investigation."
In Junuary, ISOB, the Government for
mally notified the United States Consul
that "Archer had committed suicide. Mean
while Mr. Elworthy had kept up a lively
correspondence with the Colonial Secre
tary, pointing out the criminal negligence
ami incapacity of the people, but his rep
resentations had no effect.
Early in the present year there was a
shuffling of police, and one result was the
transfer to Portland of one of the shrewd
est and most active inspectors on the
force, Inspector McLeod.
In the interim Mr. Elworthy, a Justice
of the Peace and friend of Archer, had
quietly been carrying on a private inves
tigation with a view to the ultimate clear
ing of the memory of his friend from the i
stain of suicide and to bring the murderer i
to justice. He placed the results in the !
hands of McLeod, and after considering i
them that officer united with Mr. El- !
worthy in urging the Government to order
a reopening of the inquiry.
This was done. Rutherford, who Imme
diately after the holding of the inquest
disappeared from the island, was located
In Costa Rica, where he was arrested on
an extradition warrant from the Jamaican
Government.
Bussell-Armstrong Wedding.
WOODLAND, Nov. 2.— Felix Joseph
Russell of Winters and Miss Pearl Arm
strong: of Capay Valley were married on-
Wednesday. They are spending their
honeymoon in San Francisco.
Tourists supplied with California sou
venirs, books, photographs, Indian and
Chinese pictures of every description and
Mexican carved leather goods. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. __!_
I /vBsK Snejikinff of 1
H & ' ow mucn y° u intend to H
S f>fer I i spend for your new one? |||
H liL from $12.50 to $25.00 coy- Q
PI P^Nv I ers y° UT P nce » think wisely ||1
8 '9sWs\ While you will be pleased §1
M w§ ijjl with the price, you will be H|
|y j(||l ]|| much more pleased with the H
8 la If coat itse^ —^ e c^ otn » the |;J
|f ig HI making, the general appear- gl
p Then, too, you will be pleased with our Wi
|| agreement to allow you a year's repairing free ffl
1 If you are dissatisfied we return your t§|
money at your request. . j|||
I Boys' Reefer Suits. M
. ! E$ Several fine reefer suits, only in sizes 4to 6 years. They have i||l
EBB been sold for 53-25. $3. 50, ?3-75. ?4-oo and 54.50 a suit. Patterns jpl
ip ar? brown and gray mixtures neatly trimmed with soutache. Now, p?a
g|jl having only small sizes, we will sell what's left for |&||
1| t 2«IO a suit. M
I S.M.WOOD CO I
Sf X^jtj/ -J I a MARK EX.ST * Xif£^ j|fe
gjw Out-of-town orders filled — write us. lip
r^9 Br<3
STRIKERS' TRIM
NEARING A CLOSE
Prosecution Has Put in
All Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Nov. 2.— ln the trial
of the Coeur d'Alene miners, for interfer
ing with the mails, the prosecution closed
its case at noon yesterday. During the
proceedings the defense made a motion
to strike out all the testimony by wit
nesses who had testified before the Coro
ner's Jury on the death of Smith and
Chevne the men who were killed on April
29 the day of the alleged obstruction of
the malls. The ground taken was that
the defense had been refused access to
the records of this proceeding, and there
fore the defendants were deprived of the
opportunity to use evidence given prior to
the present testimony for purposes of im
peachment. It was maintained that if
the records were on hand they anticipated
no trouble in showing that some of the
witnesses were false or mistaken in the
statements made in the court. The de
fense introduced ten witnesses who at
tempted to prove alibis for cue prisoners.
To-day many witnesses were introduced
by the defense and the testimony was pre
sented to show that all the prisoners ex
cept one were engaged in other business
and were not present when the mill was
blown up and that they were not a part
of the mob that delayed the mail train.
The defense will put three more wit
nesses on the stand to-morrow and this
will finish the evidence.
•
Militia on Guard
BOISE, Idaho, Nov. 2 —A dispatch from
Wardner to the Statesman says Company
H, Idaho National Guard, went on guard
at the prison last night. Adjutant Gen
eral Weaver has a dispatch from General
Warning to the Public!
I want to warn my many patrons and friends
against the unbusinesslike methods employed by a
certain San Francisco firm, who are 'taking advantage
of the fact that they were at one time the agent
for my
Dr. Sanden Electric Belt,
and are using the testimonials given to me by those
who have been cured by the use of my Belt. The
following is one of the many letters that I have re-
ceived of late:
Aucu st 29 1899
DR. SANDEN: I received your letter and will' say that It was your Dr. San-
den Belt that cured me and not Dr. Mclaughlin's. He told me in one of his
letters that he was your secretary, and that. Is why I sent my testimonial to*hlnu
Tours very truly, P. EGIDIO AMBROSIALI, 1015 Valencia st. City.
I would be pleased to show the original of this,
as well as many more, to any who will call at my
office. Remember, I make no charge for consultation.
Office hours 9 to 6; Sundays 10 to 1.
DR T A SANDFN is third street.
LSr\« 1. f\» ■J/AHL/L-l^l, San Franoiseo, o*l.
119% South Spring Street, Los Angeles, C»l. ; Russell Building, Portland, Or.
FORTUNES
IN OIL
The Continental
Oil and
Development Co.
This Company was Incorporated
as a close corporation, with only
6000 shares of stock.
The Board of Directors have de-
cided to put about 1000 shares of
this stock on the market for de-
velopment purposes. Consequently,
a person owning one share of stock
will have a big interest.
The Company Owns by United
States patent five 20-acre tracts in
what is called "The Oil Basin."
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt. This is one
of the few genuine opportunities
that has been offered as an Oil
investment. '
For further particulars call on or
address
A. E. RUDELL, Sec,
222 Sansome St., S. F.
WM. COR BIN. Pres.
Merriam which says the Federal troops
will remain in their camps In the Coeur
d'Alenes.
Ex-Congressman Burns Deed.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 2.— Forrnrr Con
gressman Daniel D. Burns died at his
home In this city at 1:30 o'clock this morn
ing, lie was a son of the late Ojngress
man James N. Burns, succeeding to his
father's peat In the House of Reppresentax
tives in 1891.
34
AT VERTISEMENTS.
NEW STORE.
NEW STYLES.
HIGH GRADE GOOOSJT LOW PRICES,
It will pay intending purchasers to ex-
amine our magnificent stock of Fur Capes,
Fur Collarettes, Electric Seal Capes, Electric
Seal Jackets, Ladies' Tailor-made Suits, La-
dies' Tailor-made Jackets, Misses' Tailor-
made Jackets, Misses' Golf Capes, Ladies'
Golf Capes. Children's Jackets, Ladies' Silk
Skirts, Ladies' Embroidered Cloth Skirts and
Ladies' Fancy Skirts.
SPECIAL VALUES WILL BE PLACED
ON SALE THIS MORNING.
BLACK FEATHER BOAS AT $3.50
LADIES 1 CLOTH WAISTS AT $1.50
LADTES' BLACK AND BLUE SATIN WAISTS AT $4.50
LADIES' AND MISSES' CORSETS AT sOc
BLACK AND BLUE KERSEY JACKETS, TAILOR MADE
AT $5
MISSES' GOLF CAPES, LATEST STYLES AT $5
CHINCHILLA COLLARETTES AT $3.50
CONEY "COLLARETTES AT $2.75
ELECTRIC .SEAL CAPES, worth $25 AT $17.50
ASTRIGHAN COLLARETTES AT 96.50
Just received a larere shipment LADIE?' GOLF CAPES, from...
95 to 925
Just received a larere line of LADIES' JAPOTS with stock collars
AT 75c, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75. $2, $2.50 and $3
LADIES' BLACK LIBERTY SILK RUCHES, latest designs
AT sOc, 75c, 91, $1.50, $2 up to 95
CHILDREN'S JACKETS from 91.50 to $1O
20 pieces 56-INCH BLACK LADIES' CLOTH, extra good value
for $1; will be placed on sale AT t>sc yard
NEW PLAID DRESS MATERIALS DAILY ARRIVING.
LARGEST CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
J. O'BRIEN & CO..
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
SHAMROCK SAILS
Dff»a*i<<i Cup CL^JMntrtir STart* I>U
"AX l ** 1 '" I*'1 *' '<'••■ Z - — lit H/fcAlfrl trip
. I ,r, I, vi 11.. Hj, Jifi- •,
■
Dependable Drugs
One Price
To Everyone
We give no discounts nor re-
bates no private arrangements
of any sort to any one.
A child can buy here as safely
as an expert.
Madam Churchill's Anti-
l septic Skin Soap —A toilet I
and medicinal soap for the
' hands and face. Stops itch-
ing and annoying skin trou-
bles. Destroys blackheads . .
and puts purity In place of
. pimples. * 15c
• Carter's Cascara Compound
' —A very reliable cathartic.
It is pleasant to take and
gives strength and regularity
to the digestive organs. 25c
Carter's Sanitary Fluid —A
powerful antiseptic and puri-
fier. For closets, sinks, sta-
bles, etc. • . 25c
Rum and Quinine Tonic — i
For the hair— prevents it i
• .from faliing out; makes it
grow soft, glossy and lux-
uriant. SOC
free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
r'V'ir &\tl i^S"\ '
J W\ 1128 MARKET ST.
(rwADenlw^ SAN FRANCI3CO
10th and BROADWAY. Oakl.no
YOUNG DOGS
AND OLD AT
INGLESIDE
A Liberal Entry for the Open
and the Puppy
Stakes.
The programme at Ingleslde Coursing
Park for the customary weekly meeting
• to-morrow and Sunday is made up of a
| puppy stake and an open stake. The total
| prize money to be disbursed among the
i coursing men Is $750. Of this the winner
of the open stake will receive $100 and of
the puppy stake $50. The winner of one
I course In the open stake will secure $7 50.
I The draw resulted as follows:
! Puppy stake, 48 dogs— A. McComb's Storm
King vs. W. C. GlaMon'B Sleifh Bella; J. Leni
han's Racine vb. J. Watklns" Merciless; Bart-la
, Bros.' Beer Brewer vb Curtis & Son's Flying
Fox; G. Plnto's Glad Hand vs. G. Lahusen's
Firefly; J. Dean's Glide vs. J. B. Martenet's
i Bernal Boy; T. C. Towne's Young: California
vs. Bartels Hr"*.' Ballroom Belle; Bartela Bros.'
l Boarder's Best vs. J. Dean's Peggy; J. M -
! Grath'B Blower vs. S. A. Portal's .Sophie; F.
i ..Mil's Phlneess Royal vs. Connell Bros.
Green Isle; P. Rellly's Richmond King vs. F.
Rothman's Justice; D. Levy's Wild Game vb.
G. Watson's Moonstone; 8. Hoffman's Lady
I Bird vs. J. Flower's Keystone; J. Coleman's
Good Bye VB. Kelly & Conroy's Kitty Lee; Kay
Brut." Rusty Rattler vs. Connell Bros.' Clover;
A. Van den Burgh's Kitty V vs. J. B. Mar
ter.et's Bernal Chief; .1. Moriarlty's Snapper
. : Garrison vs. T. Brltt's Yucatan; P. MeCabe's
: Sky Blue vs. B. Shchan's Galty; J. D. Caidl-
I nells Thornhlll Comet vs. J. McGrath's Red
Rose; J. Anthony's Patriot vs. C. Levy's Babe
Sheridan; G. Buehn's Aloha vs. A. Van den
: Burgh's Naughty Girl; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Carmenclta vs. G. Frederlckson's Miss Fireball;
I J. Moriarity's Jimmy Anthony vs. P. a. Mc-
Comb's Judge Wallace; W. C. Glasson'e Santo
| nin vs. George Buehn's Monogram; S. Hoff
i man's Rough and Ready vs. G. Plnto's Mis
. chief.
Open stake. 60 — Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn va. Connell Bros.' Senorita; J. Collins'
' Matchless vb. J. Ronnlng's Dempsey Lass; F.
Chamblll's Rocklln Belle v«. M. B. Kava
| nagh's The Earl; R. Tiernans Hadlwlst vs. J.
' Charlton's Dolly Varden; H. A. Dcckelman's
1 Mlra Monte vs. D. Ford's Bonlta: T. A. Far
ming's Blue Cloud vs. Handy & Smith's Ter
i ronn; J. L. Rosa' Ju«t Tip vs. T. J. Mollugh's
I Moss Roee; Bartels Bros.' Winning Style vs.
W. M. Healey'j Skylight; C. E. Wylle's Gag
light vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; D.
Shannon's Safeguard vs. D. Ford'e Juanlta;
, Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald vs. 11. A.
Deekelman's Glen Chloe; J. Dean's Conemara
»a. S. Mnore's Rocks; Lande Si Gerbor's Mount
Ma va. J. Byrnes' Nellie B; K. McCormack's
Valley Forge vs.. Kay & Tranfs Hawker;
T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee va. T. A. Fan
nir.g'H Babe Murphy; K. D. Fallon's Lily of the
West vb. D. Ford's Anita; Murphy & Toland'a
Ornament vs. J. L. Ross' Jessica; P. Reilly's
Expense! vs. H. Lynch's Mystic Maid; Maher &
■ Reid Uncle Fuller vs. J. Manor's Benlcia Boy;
C. Hunter's Menlo vs. Land* <%• Gerber's Con
| quered; Kay Broe.' Sir Rothwell vs. J. Byrnes'
j Kleven Spot] D. Shannon's Soubrette vs D,
. Dowst'H Sarcastic; D. Dillon's Castle Island
1 Boy vs. Murphy & Tolnrftl'* Tea Rose; H. A.
elman's Old Glory vs. Murphy & Toland's
Twilight Jr.; \V. Grifnn's Monopol va Lowe &
I Thompson.' 1 St. "ran; Curtis & Son's Cash vs
, T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke; J. Byrnes' Olympus
. vs. J. Byrnes Battleship; P. McCabe's Boney
Boy vs. Handy & Smith's Magic; T. J. Cro
| nln's Maid of Bail va. G. Lahusen's Fireball;
F. Murphy « Gilt Edge vs. J. Farley's Cash
I Day.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
ROSINANTE
CAME HOME
ON THE BIT
The Chestnut Mare Displayed
Rare Form — Satsuma
a Bad Ac'Or-
> If her race of yesterday at Oakland is
) any criterion, the dainty Rosinante will
» be a strong factor in the purse events and
I | handicaps to be contested for during the
' ! season now in progress. Formerly, she
| ; had the reputation of being a stretch run
• ! tier, but in the mile and a sixteenth sell
| i ing affair the chestnut mare picked up
J ' 104 pounds, and, after making all the pace,
[ ! won easily in 1:47V4, over a slow track. It
| was a remarkably fine performance. In i
! | the betting 6 to 5 was laid about her j
> | around post time. Satsuma was a starter j
i ! in the race, ruling a strong second choice.
v ; At the post Dr. Rowell's horse delayed
i ; the start some minutes, kicking at any
[ thing and everything in sight, as well as
' ' refusing to break. Finally his blinkers
1 were removed, and he sailed away with
I i the field. Running In second position un-
I til over a furlong from the start, he then
I began to tire, and was beaten out lor
. ■ the place by Plan, a 12 to 1 shot.
. The card was better than an average
' one, and the attendance large. First
' ! choices made a stand off of it, taking ;
I i three purses. Tommy Burns and JacK |
I i Ward each piloted two winners.
I ; No doubt the most unexpected happen-
I ] ing of the afternoon was the defeat of the
1 to 3 choice Rosormonde, with Piggott
1 I up, by Chihuahua, a 10 to 1 outsider, rid
-1 : den by Thorpe. The latter was In front
» when a quarter had been covered, and In j
I a long, punishing drive, got the verdict
i by the shortest of heads, In the fast time
;of 1:01 Vs. Sallie Goodwin led six others
over the line foi third place.
1 The Echo was installed favorite for the
> I two-year-old sprint over the Futurity
I i course, which opened the racing. The Ar
l I tillery filly had considerable speed in the
I first stages of the running, but tired as
. ! the stretch was neared. Daniel, the sec- t
' end choice, with Ward in the saddle, then
1 : disposed of Aborigine, with pounds to
1 spare.
> Tiburon looked the best of the five
I starters in the dash following, closing a
i ' pronounced choice. Tommy Burns had the
, leg up, and breaking in front, won in rag
! time from Jack Met 'a!..'. O'Connor, the
i second choice, ran an indifferent third.
1 i The free handicap, at seven furlongs, !
i I proved a Cakewalk for Faversham, the
i 8 to 5 choice. His 110 pounds did not
i : bother the black horse any more than a i
i mosquito bite, for he cantered home two
lengths in advance of Lodestar. With 125
1 pounds in the saddle, Wyoming ran like
a scuttled ship.
1 j Tommy Burns was again very much in
evidence when the closing mile soiling
handicap was called. He tossed the leg!
over Monrovia, an 8 to 1 shot, winning all
I the way. Dr. Bernays," the 7 to 10 favorite, i
I had a sturdy following, but betrayed his :
friends, running second in slow time.
Lothian finished a close third.
Track Notes.
Joseph J. Burke, who will preside in the ;
stand at Tanforan Park, arrived from [
j New York yesterday evening.
j Colonel W. B. Applegate, he Kentucky ;
j horseman, successful bidder for the field i
' book privilege at the new track, was one j
of the arrivals by last evening's overland
train.
This will be the closing day at Oakland
track. Entries for the Western Turf As
sociation's running events close at Oak- '
land track" to-day at 2 o'clock, and at In- j
1 gleside and Tanforan at 11 o'clock this
1 forenoon. A horse train will leave Oak
! land for Tanforan at 9:30 a. m. to-day and (
1 C:3O a. m. to-morrow.
The stables of Billy Magrane and Pat
; Corrigan got In at Inglesido last night |
from Chicago.
Following are the entries, with the i
! weights assigned, for the two handicaps
Of Saturday, the opening day at Tanforan
, Park:
Fourth race Handicap: one mile; declara- i
tions due Friday, November 3, at 11 a. m. at
i Tanforan and Ingleslde tracks and at I p. m.
at Oakland track.
■ Bannockburn 122|Forte 9.1
', Dr. Sheppard 115 Morlnel 95 I
Topmast - UQ Hohenzollern ........ •> j
Rosinante 10S Olinthus SO |
Ostler Joe 10? Wyoming 90 '
Schiller 102 Malay 90 1
Rosonnonde 108 ' Obsidian 90 i
Marcato 69 Silver State 83
Imperious Rio Chlco 86
Silver Tone M Judge WofTord 80
; Dr. Bernays > 97'
j Hurdle— Handicap: one mile and an eighth:
declarations due Friday, November 3, at 11
a. m., at Tanforan and Ir.cleside tracks and
at 2 p. m. at Oakland track.
Burmah 155 Monlta 130 j
p F HO Rosßtnore 130
J O C 137 Fi Ft 12".
Tom Smith 136 San Carlos 123
i Major S 135
I
To-Day's Entries.
First race — quarters of a mile; all ages;
\ selling:
CSV Major Cook 102( ...Tim Brownell 102
233 Lomo 102 213 Halifax S3
221 Noma 97!... May L 97 I
j 23.1 Ilicardo 102,244 Silver Tall 87 I
' US P F 102 242 Kootenal 101
LBB Earl Islington. ...loo ... Purnlah 101
' 243 Elbe 95 1 152 Isabella 102
! (250) Daniel 83
Second race— Seven furlongs; all ages; purjp:
239 Tourist II 100'. ..L0s Medanofl 106 <
241 Jolly Briton 65 22« Melkarth 108
238 Alturas »7 244 Sen Sen 83 ;
I 231 Hohenzollern 93 M Ringmaster 105
i | 149 Dr. Sheppard 114 221 Sidelong 83 !
! 226 Guilder 89 227 Anchored 109
l
! Third race — One and a sljtt<"»nth miles; three- !
; yar-olds and upward: selling:
| 238 Master Lee 8"|230 Forte 108 j
j 234 Oralbee 97 228 Fellclte 89
I 152 Irritatnr 98 245 Dare II 114
j 236 Rainier 971 233 Twinkle Twlnk.lo6
20S Don Vallejo N (226) Merry Boy 106
Fourth race — One mile, two-year-olds; selling.
! 241 Allenna 991 198 Klckumbob .... 97
1 (246) My Gypsy 99! 249 Ilixford 99
: Fifth — Futurity course; handicap; all
ages; selling:
19S Rio Shannon 1001 237 Aluminum 100
(235) P. A. Flnneg'n.llll 136 Alaria 113
213 "VVhltcomb 1111 ... Pat Murphy. ...loo
240 Wild Hot 1001 208 Prince A l"0
252 Sorrow 114 ... Ravenna 105
Sixth race— quarters of a mile; all ages;
1 selling:
(115) Amasa 106 225 Mike Rle« 106
243 Bamboulia 90 233 Don Luis 102
244 Water-wick 87 ... Btrongroll 109
! ... Mocorlto 110 224 Katie Gibbons.. 97
i i 210 Lona Marie 102
| . Selections for To-Day.
j First race— Kootenat. Sliver Tall.
i Second race — Dr. Sheppard, Hohenzollern, Los
j Medanoa,
Third race— Forte, Rainier, Oralbee.
! Fourth — My Gypsy, Ailonna, Klckumbob.
' Fifth race— Whltcomb, Alaria, Sorrow.
' I Sixth — Mocorlto, Bamboulia, Don Luis.
KNOCKOUTS
CAME FAST
AND OFTEN
Amateurs Furnish Great
Fighting at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club.
Enough excitement was furniphod fol
lowers of boxing at the San Francisco
I Athletic Club last night to surfeit them
i for some time. Five bouts were presented
! and four clean knockouts were recorded,
■ and the fifth did not go to the limit, as
{ one of the participants was unable to
continue. Such fighting has hardly been
; seen at the popular club in many moons.
j The "event" of the evening proved Just
what "Billy" Jordan claimed it would be.
Miko McClure scored a victory over
Charles Rivinl after four rounds of the
hftnlest kind of battling. The bout was
j scheduled to go fight rounds, but in the
: fourth McClure started to Hnish his op
i ponent. He rained lefts and rights on his
; man and in a short space had him reel
-1 Ing-. McClure *( nt Klvini to the floor '
with a right on the heart, and Rivini stag- I
j gered to his fret, only to go down again
! This was repeated five times, and the last
| time Rivini went to the floor he fell out- ■
! side the ropes a beaten man. McClure did
i not escape punishment, however, ac Ri
] vinl, who towered over him, landed some
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAiJD BACETJiACK, Thursday, November 2, 1899.—Thirty
fifth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track slow.
; crushing blows on him, often sending him
staggering against the ropes, where Mc
i Clure would rebound into a clinch with
■ his opponent. The exhibition was a mag
nificent une, and MeClure deserves great
credit for achieving a victory. He cer
tainly has i future, as he is young, strong
and , antJ la very clever.
"Kid" Johnson succumbed to Ben
Hart's punching In the third round of
ihHr eight-round contest. The former
was handicapped by an ulcerated tooth
and lack of pum-hing powers. Hart wua
tar ti i clever and landed hard and often.
In the third he caught Johnson on the
i Jaw Just as he wus ducking away from
an avalanche <>f blows, and the "Kid"
went to the floor, where he was counted
out.
Joseph Long, a husky member of the
dub, knocked out "Kid" Wilson, a dark
sklnii' 1 representative of Angels ("amp,
In the fourth) round of t heir bout. Wilson
waa n lllng to continue the fight, but Ref
er, -o Greggaina humanely stopped it. as
Wilson's thoughts were In dreamland.
: had a habit <">f blinking like an owl
1 and brushing the cobwebs from his eyes
with hi* ■mits," but he had a right swing
that ended the aspirations of the Visitor
fmm the country. Wilson was fairly
clever and had "Blinker" Long guessing,
but h'ikrlt and reach and strength were
ngaJn^t him.
William ' 'ondon was on the programme
: to mf( r Charles Fredericks, but failed to
' materialize, and one uncharitable member
i' : '-'w m££B^Bm\ ' lr~--i f IB I^.
\tffi ¥"» • t i/C-V ; > 1 :': '■'"■ *-SCI B B rr*i , i
» M. M %4-t* T ** -""'■"i^ J 'BHjjnll '
H'^^ ■ '' ■ ' " i«*' price for ihe rest
m . •'; v% of this week only:
I jtito ' ■ '- or double or ffe^\
A^B We hope to a m J'^.f:"^ j ? |f single breasted, W^&
W crowd of motliers f -Bml < '^ a " wool, boys'
and boys — espec- H - f ;-^;V long pants suits; L
/' ially Saturday . " g! i iS)B yM cheviots or cas^i-
n^-.T morning. *^a^^^rali '• |BH J l^' meres, in brown, -^
This is a chance ' Bl blue, etc. io to
to learn what it < >JiiiJPHiafcsr--l 'fijlr -°- Have you
means to buy for ■ seen our specials
; less than whole- in boys' ulsters
sale prices. ' and overcoats?
/ Wholesale w^ |<^ j JSw i/1 |$r Iro P s
1^ turers of ; ®^^S^& >^ fe-Q'o**^^ Woolen |^
Wg Clothing o"«*i! T3«^-y c_„ Cf- ri Miiis Pa
™ 121-lSaoansomeor.nr.Pine w
. remarked that he was troubled with cold
"Trilbies." Mortimer Myers volunteered
! to act as substitute, and now he's sorry
he dlil, as Fredericks, who if he bad
I auburn hair would be a "dead ringer" for
i lanky Bob Fitzslmmons, knocked Myers
j out a la ex-champion with a right on the
' jaw !.n the iirst round.
' The first three "goes" having been short
! and highly interesting, the club manage
| ment x'ut on two ebony colored cake
walkers to "slug" each other. One was
! Pete Dodson, commonly known as the
"Louisiana Alligator," and the other was
"Handsome" Ersklne. the "Alabama
Coon." Such capers, pigeon wings, side
steps anrl funny gyrations have Beldom
| been witnessed in the roped arena. Both
; men fought in windmill fashion, endan
gering the spectators at the ringside, and
Kept the audience in boisterous laughter
by their manner of fighting. Botli
wining to stop at any stage of the fight,
but the crowd would' not permit it. Na
: ture could not withstand the hurricane
: battle, and the "Alabama Coon" rushed
fmrn the ring JuPt when he was annihllat
: ing the "Alligator."
HargTeavps 1 and Taber's art panels.
frnmed water colors and etchings, onyx
: tables, statuary and lamps, all now for
i fall trade at Ranborn & Vall's. •
Knowledge Is weakness when It is un
necessarily displayed.
DIXON IS
GIVEN THE
DECISION
Splendid, Game Fight With
Curley, the i: nglish
Featherweight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— George Dixon, j
feather-weight champion of the world,
more than held his own to-night against
Will Curley of England, and after fighting
I twenty-live rounds, many of which were
I rather tame, the American was declared
I the winner and no one complained.
Curley is a clever, game boy, but Dixon
is a little bit cleverer and none the less
game. Dixon's victory was well earned
and by his defeat of Curley he re-estab
lishes what has always been claimed, that
he is the superior of Jordan. Palmer and
all Englishmen who have been defeated
by Curley. Curley has no excuse to make
for his defeat to-night other than that he
was outclassed. Dixon was a big favorite,
as much as 100 to 30 being wagered on
him. Before the Englishman donned the
gloves he demanded an assurance that the
purse of $4500 was guaranteed.
In the opening round Curley shot two
hard lefts into Dixon's mouth. Dixon
swung lefts on body and head. There were
light exchanges in the second round, and
in the third Curley had the better of the
fighting, though Dixon was the aggressor
at. the opening. Curley planted a terrific
right straight over Dixon's heart.
Dixon forced matters In the fourth, but
Curley was very clever In dodging his as
saults, ami rurley's blocKlng was almost
perfect.
'The fifth round was Dixon's. He brought
Curley to his tiptoes with a hard left In
the stomach. Curley weakened and Dixon
bored in with a right on* jaw. Curley
clinched, but Dixon fought him off, send
ing In hard ones on the wind and was
forcing Curley all over the ring when the
gong sounded.
Dixon continued his rushing In the
sixth, landing a hard right over the ear.
Curley landed a right on the body, right
on the ribs and, just before the bell put a
stop to the round, a left on Dixon's nead.
Dixon bored in In the seventh, landing
his left on the jaw and right on wind. ;
Curley blocked prettily, but landed only
once— a left on the body.
A straight lefi and a left hook sent j
Curley' a head back in the eighth. Curley |
was cautioned for "mugging" in a clinch, i
Near the end of the round Curley put '
straight lefts on the face and sent his
right on the jaw In a breakaway.
in the ninth Curley put his left to i
George's eye and landed a triple chopping !
blow on the chest, neck and head. Dixon !
rushed amj met with right on the body, ;
nd right on the face and right on i
wind. Curley was cautioned again for
"mugging."
Curley opened the tenth with a right to
the ribs and ;i left chop on the ear. Dixon j
put a hard Wt on the stomach, which i
made Curley wince. Dixon landed several
light body blows and Curley put a hard
right on the eye. Dixon failed to laini In
the eleventh until the bell rang and was!
evidently willing to let Curley tire himself j
by continuous leading. Curley landed a '
I right jolt on the body.
George opened the twelfth with a sting-
Ing left swing on the ear. Several light j
angea followed, and In close quarters!
George planted bis right on the body and '
hooked his left to the head, dropping
Curley to the floor. The Englishman
struggled to regain his feet, but the bell i
saved him after three seconds.
Curh-y came up groggy in the thirteenth
and Dixon fought to finish him. but Cur
ley improved fast. He put a left to Dix- j
fact and body and right over the '
i heart, and was in good condition at the !
I bell.
lii the fourteenth Curley put a straight
left to Dixon'B face and George put two
rights to the Jaw.
Cur!. . i . ! the fifteenth with a left
to face and Dixon jabbed left to Curley's
right eye, which was swollen from Cur
fall In the twelfth. Dlxon landed a
hard left on the stomach that seemed to
cause Curley great pain.
The exchanges in the sixteenth were
light. Curley struck Dixon from a clinch,
but immediately apologised.
The seventeenth, eighteenth and ntne
rounds were tame. Both men were
tired, Curley more so than Dlxon. Cur
ley made ;>n effort in the twentieth, get
, ting his left to the body, and though
Dlxon kept going to his man, his efforts
were Ineffective.
Dixon had a shade thp better of the
twenty-flnrt, but Curley put a left hook
to the jaw find woke Dixon up.
Curley began the twenty-second with a
rl^ht drive to Dixon's body. Dixon looked
, but hlfl expression did not scare
the ''.riton. who blocked and gnarded
;. H>- chopped a left to Dixon's
face and George sent a right to the body.
in the twenty-third Curley got his right
over to Dixon's jaw hard, but after this
effort his defense weakened. At the close
of the round Dixon landed a blow in the
wind that mnde Curley vomit as he went
to his corner.
tie's faking: look out for him.
George," s-aid O'Rourke as they came up
for the twenty-fourth. Dixon forced the
fighting, but was ineffective. Curley put
a left to the body at the close.
Jn the final round Dixon cut loose and
Bwunp for the heart. Curley met him with
a right on the body. Then they slusxert
without repanl to science. Curley went
to the ropes, but fought his way out
again, and at the bell they wre mixing
it' up in slam-bant? style. Referee W hite 3
decision In favor of Dixon met with ap
proval.
Each Reiff Wins a Race.
LONDON', Nov. 2.— At to-day's racing
of the I.ingfield Park November meeting
the Sunnyside selling handicap was won
by May Bruce, with J. Relff in the saddle.
Th* betting was 5 to 1 against May Bruce.
Thf> Winter welter handicap was won by
Sapling, ridden by 1.. Rriff. Saint Frida
was second and Full Ripe, with J. Reiff
up, was third. The betting was 7 to 2
against Sapling and 6 to 1 against Full
Ripe.
4,00.0
WOMEN
HAVE
writ-
"^J""" ~" , ,| ten letters
NX. 3/ of eratl-
\\\~ " i\/ tad.- in
. -ftp* NJ.V^'ft/ favor of
S^M&i^lM the Great
i^vSAvIVWJ HUD "
SW/^wW" VAN.
.. ..^4^w y?-*<* This
A** I '''i&\t i means
> 3 "ff; }'k m\ that 4000
C__ vf J! ?f\r j women
-^-^ Xyi., jt'l I have beea
stir . ' cured by
_ sfs^*FK « IB tin Great
v*EL -«^AiV /// <tH l HUD-
fflr^&w'w'' *\_iS capltal
.' /^J';,^ a\.--\, remedy
(£<\S- =»2<s^?'^; ; i^ l< man's
"'^^fMf Figures
1/ v " symptoms
they de-
note heart complication which Is bo frequently
associated with those diseases peculiar to wo-
i men.
Palpitation (Fig. 1), hollow eyes or swollen
■ lids (Fig. 2), sunken cheeks or redness of face
upon slight exertion (Fig. 8), dizzy spells, gid-
' dines? or headaches (Fig. 4), aches and weak-
! ness in small of back (Fig. 5), cold extremi-
I ties (Fig. 6) are warnings that. should not bo
j unheeded. HUDYAN cures by' removing the
! cause, which in most instances is Female
I Weakness or Nervous Proetratlon.
HUDYAN heals chronic Inflammation." and
! ulcerations. HUDYAN relieves nervousness,
; loss of appetite, sleeplessness, nausea, paleness
| and emaciation.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a pack-
j age, six packages $2 50. If your druggist does
! not keep it. send direct to HUDYAN REM-
i EDY CO.. corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
j streets, San Francisco, Cal.
Consult Hudyan doctors — Freo
of change. Call op write.
6 visit OR JORDAN'S great J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY.
A £) 1051 CT. let. 6th&7£, C. F.C:I. , I
\ Cj^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
A _Jjr World. Weiknef.ses or any contracted ; i
t jiif^^j disease pe«ltiwrly cured hy the oldest
£ , r»^ 3 j Specialist en the Coiit. EbL 36yearv Q
# tff3£? DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
a rflrtSjjS Consultation frre sr.d strirtly private. \
A E JLfIW^H Trt itmoil personally or by letter. A M
\olf MB PotMv* Cur* in every case undertaken. \
I ]VW Trtltment personally or by letter. AM
fl ff IS Pot.ttve Curt in every case undertaken. T
Ar I 111 w "te for BnokPRILOKUFBYifi
» U I 7 MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (A™
Jk 9 11' valuable book for mm) i
9 f>B JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. V
g^^mte RUPTURE.
fJ&_V(/y- NO MOKE IRON
MrKWXWymttT™"tt* Hoops or Steel Springs
Jr^jm UrCr Rupture retained with easa
1 iv^MTvand comfort and thousands radi-
al /Sky cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
/El* Magnetic Elastic Truss. . ET-Call at
'gi^^y office or ■write for New Pamphlet
.;..•.-.-' No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
ww«- -w^r* Painless treatment. Per-
111 I LL rnanent cure. Entire time d«-
%*\ I"* voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
it llj\ j I erences those cured. No »ur-
M. *■»"*"** gery A. J. ATKINS, M.D..
935 Sutter St., San Francisco:
hours, 1 to 8 p. m.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. IS9B, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ■-• j
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In ■*■
Cash ....1300,000 00
ASSETS. "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $559,411 M
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of . ; .
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 1.727 74
Cash in Banks 24.224 26
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks .
and Loans 2,328 16
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 45,868 27
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 00
Total Assets _ $649,408 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,136 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense ••• 14,901 21
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $133,275 82; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 68,137 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $109,213 64;
re-Insurance pro rata .; 64.29$ 7*
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 2,832 43
All other liabilities 18,842 S3
Total Liabilities $172,149 77
INCOME. .
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $155,037 69
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 22,618 65
Received for profit on sale of secur- '■
'ties 5,211 50
Total Income $215, 567 S4
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $32,122 42 losses of previous •
years) $110,499 05
Dividends to Stockholders 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41 118 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks etc 18,374 36
Paid for State, National and local
1 , ax *2 6,528 01
All other payments and expenditures.. 18.058 76
Total Expenditures » $212,578 47
Losses incurred during the year. fire., $95,119 29
. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
; written during the ■
year ...-. $23,983,707 $257,512 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,054,741 249,955 95
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898 22.354.315 247,489 46
FRANCIS PEABODY, President.
, HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thts 7th
day of February, 1899.
GEO. M. AMERIGE,
Notary Public.
BAGGS &~STOVEL,
General Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*STEPHENS DESERTED
BY FORMER FRIENDS
Clark, the Republican Nominee, Has Things
His Own Wav in Sacramento
Mayoralty Fight,
BACRAMENTO, Nov. 2.— Unbounded en
thusiasm marks the triumphani progress
of George ciark, the Republican nomi
nee for Mayor. That he will b.
the office to which he aspires is admitted
bj • \ t-n the warmest supporters of Russ
Stephens, his Democratic opj
■ ns. realizing that he is up against
It, so to speak, has centered his forces in
THOMAS L. ENRIGHT.
stricts, in the hop" of
- ive himself from
ten.
T. L. Enrlght, manager for Holbrook,
who supported
Is now out for
seen to-d he said: "Yes,
□ ■ i the can-
Two years ago 1
rted him, but me: with de
two men had been nomi
■ parties I
- an.l asked him to outline his
•
bo, and 1 very curtly told
him that .
him my support. The following day
• ■ ciark. and he
intended to do
;■• ople • ■;• ct< >i him to pr
■ the city. His policy met
fith my >.• r ival, and
ting my utmost to gain
him.
"There is no doubt in my mind but that
Clark will . ■ M .■, , r
Mr. Bnright. "He Is eminently qua
model
>r to discredit his
candidacy by arguing that
young le the reins of the city eov
ernmi '
•What we need Js a 3'oung man who
the ability and the I
Hence in the affairs of a p]
is carefuflj I • tne
and when eleel
licy of re
government as baa
■ unento. I
•hat In mv
h , uni ' - Clark will be
>y a handsome majority "
Mayor Land, while refusing to discuss
IMilillfflP
■ m c most satisfactory |
;5 Gs& \l\ hat that we have ever |
I |^4 ! seen — we never h ear
J I I an y customers complain I
' §^fl about it, and we sell f
| P^^ Hi 1 - hundreds of the hats. |
I if \ act is tlie awe s |
I «o \ gives tvery purchaser |
I^Lv imkvM his mone ys worth — he I
i /l^^l M is satis^ led with the |
I l^jmfM 'P ' $3- 00 ■ I
W^Ymg^MtM \ If you don't know the I
a\\ I \BS^^mßm /j/i|i|| i Hawes Hat, come in to-day 5
JAl)«^ #^ /HllHlHlllHll 111 l and buy one— you will be • |
li "" ""* pleased ; we have the shape *
s? and color you w^nt. a
S «
0 Derbys Fedoras S
3 Two shapes Two shapes v.
f Three colors— cedar, wal- Four colors— pearl, f '
| nut, black. cedar, walnut, black. \
\ /<^ &s ?i nin jb i^n f&h&\ \
\ \^U^y Via MARKET SX XitO^y
| • Out-of : town orders filled — write us. 1
TSDTTCT-TT7Q '' '"■ BARBERS). DAK-
Of! U 13111^0 bootblacks, bath.
**-" w ** bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, carmen,
c>«r» flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
ban««ni, printers. painters, shoe actor-las.
■tMblcmen. tar>roofers, tanners, tailors, eto,
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. <xi* Sacramento St.
lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY frtiJl-lJ AM ATXORNET-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus tjpreckeU Bldg.
Telephono rown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell,
Ban Franclfcco.
the situation, believes that Clark will be
elected. He places his majority at about
; votes The present Mayor has taken
no active Interesi in the fight, as both
in. n aro his fri. nds, so he says.
With very few exceptions all the young
ra of the city are working for ( lam..
They have been holding meetngs nightly.
publicly proclaiming the virtues of the
Republican standard-bearer, and exhort
ing the older voters to cast their ballots
for "Gentleman George."
To-night a rousing Republican meeting
was hel<l at Twentieth and M streets.
Clark was given an ovation as he stepped
on the platform, lie made an eloquent
address, which was frequently interrupted
by applause.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
STOCK HOLDS FIRM
Securities Freely Bought, the De-
mand Being Enormous, Until
Close of the Boards.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.- In Wall street to
day Southern Pacific stock was the fea
ture of the railway group. It was the
most active stork on the list and one of
the strongest. Much of the buying was
evidently professional, but the
part of it came From prominent commis
sion hous< s, some of whom were knov
be acting for Huntlngton-Speyer interests.
The demand for stock from this source
was enormous and was aggressive to tho
3ed t" give away in
t»on regarding their operations and
declared thai the movement in stock was
only what they had been looking for.
Ormondy Attempts Suicide.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2.— J. H. Or
mondy, the man convicted of counterfeit
ing last week, attempted to commit sui
cide In the County Jail last night. With
'■ a knife he had secured he hacked at his
' wrist in a des-perate attempt to sever an
artery, but did not succeed. He will be
: taken to San Quentin In a few days. The
I Injuries he inflicted are not serious.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous cum-
!•: ••■ :tB of the Oreans of C.-neration.
Prioe $1 a bottle. Kor Bale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWI-EDOBD HY tHOOSANDfI
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. c;iDLHNESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach, l'lmples and pur. / the blood.
TIIE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
WHALING FLEET
PLAYS IN LUCK
IN THE ARCTIC
Good Catches Made by
All the Vessels.
MORE MILLIONS FROM NOME
PORTLAND HERE WITH THREE
HUNDRED MINERS.
Charles W. Morgan Arrives From
Okhotsk Sea — Found Sixty-
Pounds of Anibergrii Dur
ing the Cruise.
Another vessel of the Alaska Commer
cial Company's fleet arrived from Cape
Nome, tit. Michael and Unalaska yester
day. Shortly alter daybreak the Portland,
wilh 304 returning miners, put in an ap
pearance and waa ducked at Fremont
street wharf. There was aboard ten
boxes of gold dust, each valued at about
Jlixi, UtKJ, for the company, and each miner
had all the way from $200 to $StWO worth
of dust in his possession.
Among those who came down on the
Portland was J. A. Dexter, who has been
on the Yukon and at Cape Nome since
1890. lie has done remarkably well and Is
considered one ol the wealthiest men that
has left the «oiu lields this year. Some
time ago he injured his knee, and li is
for a surgical operation thai he has come
to San Francisco. ±Ie is accompanied by
his wife, who Is an Indian woman, and
his two ehliaren.
Louis siloss Jr. also returned on the
Portland. He has been on the- different
gold iieids for several months, looking
after the vast Interests of toe *. ummercial
Company, tie is in good health, but is
very much thinner man when he left
San Francisco.
The crew ot the Portland confirm the
stories ot typhoid fever, and some of the
passengers " were sick with vne disease
when they left Cape Nome. James K.
Girling, wnose death was reported by the
RoanoKe, passed away on the Portland in
Unalaska Harbor, lie was taken aboard
suffering from typhoid. There were ten
other fever patients on the Portland when
she left Nome, but five of them recovered
sufficiently during the passage to be able
to leave the ship when she docked. The
others were removed to the various hos
pitals during the day. The steamer was
examined by the quarantine officer, but
after a searching investigation into the
cases he allowed her to go to her wharf.
Captain Lundquist reports that the
steamers Cleveland. Alona and Albion,
the schooner Vega and bark Alaska were
at Cape Nome on October 18, while the
steamer Homer was off Cape Nome,
bound for St. Michael, on October 10.
There were at Dutch Harbor on October
23 the schooner Thomas F. Bayard and
; the steam whaler Kariuk. The latter was
to sail for San Francisco on October 24.
The catch of the whalers Is reported as
follows: Alexander 7. Balena V, Alaska
1, Belvedere 5. Howhead 6, Thrasher t>,
Kariuk 7. William Baylißß 9, .Mermaid -'
and Fearless clean. The latter vessel has
• not been spoken since last August, when
: Bhe was going to the eastward and was
to winter off Herschel Island.
The whaling bark Charles W. .Morgan
arrived from the Okhotsk Sea during the
afternoon. She brought into port
barrels of sperm oil, 200 barrels of whale
: oil and 2600 pounds of whalebone. On
mber 3 the Morgan spoke the whal
ing bark California, with %*) barrels of
sperm and 400 barrels of whale oil and
SUOO pounds of whalebone.
It was one of the Charles W. Morgan's
boat crews that picked up sixty pounds of
ambergris, valued at Jjm.Ow, in the Ok
' hotsk Sea.. The boat was chasing a whale
when the valuable fine! was made. Since
i then the ambergris has been sold .;.>d the
! money is in the pockets of the agent of
ih.' vessel. The story of the nnd w<l.~, iuid
in The Sunday Call a few weeks ago.
The Morgan lost one of her boats dur
-1 ing the cruise. Tin- Becond day out of the
1 Okhotsk Sea a whale was sighted and two
boats were lowered to give chase. First
Mate Morgan was in command of one and
: Fourth Mate Thurston of the other.
j Thurston harpooned the leviathan and a
I few minutes later Morgan put another
steel barb into it. The whale became in-
I furiated, and making for Morgan's boat
! smashed it like an egg shell. The men
i saw the monster coming and saved them
selves by jumping overboard.
In order to save his shipmates Thurston
I cut loose from the whale and it escaped i
I with two of the Morgan's harpoons sttck
! Ing in its body. The men were picked
1 up and put aboard the whaler and the
Morgan proceeded on her way to San
, Francisco.
The schooner Maggie C. Rups is coming
i here for repairs. While passing out of
! Tillamook Baj last week, bound for San
i Pedro, she struck on the bar and sprang
a leak. The captain at once put back to
port, and rinding his vessel more severely
damaged than he at first suspected wired
to San Francisco for instructions. He was
advised to k<> to Grays Harbor, where the
steamer National City will pick her up
and tow her to this port. On arriving here
the schooner will be discharged and put
on the drydoch for repairs.
The transport Leelanaw will sail to-day
for Manila with 27j horses, and the Cone- j
maugh to-morrow with 280 horses. Both j
ve:-<. -is will stop at Honolulu. The City ;
of Puebla went to the quarantine hulk at
Ansel Island yesterday to be fumigated, !
and the Senator took her place at Fol- i
fom street wharf. The Duke of Fife
docked at Harrison strr-et and will be got
ready for carrying troops as rapidly as
possible. The Ben Mohr will probably
sail on Saturday.
There was a very pleasant entortain
ment at the Seamen s Institute on Steuart j
street last Wednesday night. There was \
a big gathering of sailors from the coast
and geodetic steamer Pathfinder, training
phlp Pensacola and the various British
ships In port. Among: those who helped
entertain the audience were the families
of Captain John Leale of the Bay City
and Captain William Leale of the Caro
line. Captain William Leale grave a num
ber of very funny character sketches, and
Mrs. John Leale and the Misses Marion.
Edith and Elsie Leale. as the Hawaiian
quartet, made a most decided hit with the
sailor boys.
FATHER YORKE MAY
ATTEND THE LECTURE
To-nipht at Metropolitan Temple, Fifth
street, Company C of the League of the
Cross Cadet? will give a very attractive
entertainment in aid of its uniform fund.
A musical programme of a high order
will be presented by the best local pro
fessional tali lit. Captain Dennis Geary,
late of the California Heavy Artillery,
United States volunteers, will' deliver an
nddress on "The American Soldier in the
Philippines," and It is reported that he
will reveal startling facts concerning the
desecration of churches and church prop
erty In the Philippines.
It Is also expected that Rev. P. C.
Yorke, the late chancellor of the arch
diocese, will Ie present, and will act as
a vice president He Is expected to ar
rive from the Bast, via Los Angeles, early
in the evening. When he w;is spiritual
director of th.- League of the Cross and
chaplain of the cadet regiment, C Com
pany was his favorite.
Rev. P. J. Cummings, now pastor of St
Patrick's parish, -will also be present and
will deliver an address.
Malt-Nutrine
enables all to be well and well ennrt their
part of life's drama. When you know it is
made by the Anheuser-Bußch Brewing A-=s - n
you are assured of Its merit.
Gone East on a Vacation.
Chief of Police Kidward of San Jose
was in the city yesterday bidding his
friends good-by. He left by last even-
Ing's train to visit his native city, Cleve
land, Ohio, and will be gone two months.
Jie has not been there for twenty years.
Wednesday night his friends in San Jose
entertained him with a banquet.
Pocketbooks. blllbooks, letter cases,
traveling sets and Mexican carved leather
goods for fall trade are here. Sanborn,
vail and Co.. 741 Market st. •
WELCOME TO THE
GALLANT KANSANS
Topeka Streets Crowded
With Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kan., Nov. 2.— Returning
warriors never received a more fitting
welcome home than that accorded to-day
to the soldiers of "Kansas' Famous Fight-
Ing Twentieth" on its arrival from San
Francisco. General Frederick Funston
came in for the lion's share of attention
shown the officers, and the "little hero of
Manila" was literally taken oft his feet
by his admirers In their eagerness to dis
play their regard for him.
At every station in Kansas, after the
Colorado line was crossed early this
morning, cheering crowds met the sol
diers and greeted them in unstinted fash
ion. Schools and colleges along the line
were closed, business was practically sus
pended and the people nocked to the
trains by the thousands.
Snow in the mountains had delayed the
trains and it was 12:55 this afternoon be
fore the first -section reached Topeka.
The three other sections followed closely,
the last squad of soldiers being landed
shortly before 4 o'clock.
So many thousands of people were on
the platform and the railroad tracks that
the train had to fairly crawl into the de
pot. Whistles screeched, cannon boomed,
dozens of bands played and the cheers
were almost deafening.
From every car window leaned soldiers,
waving hats and yelling and whooping
shrill hoorays. They leaped from the car
steps before the train stopped, and fell
into the arms of friends, who grasped and
hugged them and passed them on to eager
relatives and sweethearts.
Fathers and mothers pushed through
the crowd in a frantic endeavor to find
their boys." Many affecting scenes were
enacted.
General and Mrs. Funston were In the
rear Pullman of the first section. When
the train came to a stop there was a rush
to g't to them, and It took half a dozen
strong men to keep the people off the car
platform. A woman spied Mrs. Funston
at a win low and pushed her baby up to be
kissed by the generals wife. Mrs. Fun-
Bton complied promptly, arrd immediately
dozens of mothers reached forward with
their babies to be kissed.
Funston was hardly off the cars before
he was half-dragged, half-carried, up
stairs into the dining room.
Solid blocks of people tilled every street
leading to the depot, and the city was
taxed to its utmost to care for its guests.
It Beemed as if the whole State of Kansas
had come to town, and It Is estimated
that fully 60,000 outsiders were here. Tons
of bunting had been used in decorating
the buildings, and electrical and other
decorations were used with a lavish hand.
With the exasperating and unavoidable
break in the arrival of the trains bear
ing the .-oldier?, it was after 4 o'clock
when the parade began.
A guard of honor for the boys of the
Twentieth wns the Civil War veteran's,
the members of the National Guard and
many civic organizations. There were
thirty-two bands in the parade, the per
formers numbering nearly 1000 musicians.
The entire parade line, over two miles,
was a mass of cheering humanity.
General Funston with his wife rode in
the carriage of honor, while Colonel Met
caif. on a white charger, and Lieutenant
General Little, on a prancing black, took
their appointed stations at the head of
the regiment. All received ovations at
every point of the line.
At" the State House the military orders
were drawn up in line at the south steps.
chief Justice Doster in a brief Bpeech
introduced Genera] J. K. Hudson, who, on
behalf of the people of Kansas, presented
the beautiful $1000 sword to General
Puns ton.
In a short speech of acceptance General
Funston paid he predicted that in one
year's time the island of Luzon would
be as quiet as Massachusetts. "I return
to Manila," said he, "and unless I get
sick or Usabled, I will not return until
the war Is over. "
Colonel Metcalf followed General
Funston in a brief speech. Later in the
evening an elaborate banquet was served
in the new State library rooms to the
soldiers and officers of the Twentieth.
! The day « losed with the most magnificent
! display" of fireworks In the evening ever
| given in the State's history.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Changes in Postal Service, Army Or-
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— Postal service
between Fairmont ami Monte Rio, Cali
fornia, will be discontinued after Novem
ber 15.
William C. Stoughton, LaytonvWe;
James C. Nelson. Neenach; and M. M.
Creecker of Mount Eden, have been com
missioned postmasters by President Mc-
Klnley.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War. First Lieutenant Jam. < r.
Harbeson. Twelfth Infantry. Is relieved
from recruiting duty at Bradford, Perm.,
and will proceed to San Francisco and re
port to the commanding general of the
Department of California for duty.
Private Florence E. Hensley, Twenty
eighth Infantry. Presidio, San Francisco,
having enlisted under false pretenses, will
he discharged without honor from the
service of the T'nited States.
Pensions: California— Original— Edward
A. Bedell, Veterans' Home, Napa, $fi;
Theodore F. Hood. Ventura, $6. [ncreaa —
George P. Cornell. Veterans' Home, Xapa,
Jfi to $12 : Jacob J. Yeakle, Riverside. $s to
$14. Original widows, etc.— Annie Wacker,
San Francisco. $8.
Oregon— Original — Milton Fitzgorrrll,
Sllverton, $6. Restoration and additional-
George Bowman, Dead Fox, $S to $12.
CASTRO WINS TWICE.
Leader of Venezuelan Rebels Meets
With Success.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Nov. 2.— General
Castro, leader of the revolution In Vene
zuela, has formally blockaded Porto Ca
bello, the on'y port now occupied by Cas
tro's forces, with two cruisers. Commerce
with that port has- been stopped. Castro
has won two victories over Hernandez,
and the former's Government is becoming
well established. •
Debs in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 2.— Eugene V.
Dobs, the labor leader, arrived in the city
this morning from San Francisco. It had
been supposed that Mr. Debs would not
arrive until to-morrow and consequently
there was no reception for him. lie is at
an uptown hotel and evidently trying to
keep in retirement. He speaks here to
morrow night.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Manhood. Tnnatural Losses. Wasting
Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors. Varicocele, Private
Diseases, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Kidney Diseases, Bladder
Diseases, Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases. Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases,
Skin Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases,
Rectal Diseases. •
AS A fiUARANTFF DR - MEYERS & CO. will let the patient deposit the price of a
AJ i\ UUABAIMI.L cure In any bank In San Francisco, to be paid after he Is en-
tirely well. If it is not convenient to do this payments may be made monthly.
HUM'- I lIPIS A If y™ cannot call, write for private book, dla&no-
lIU.IIL tinLJ « Jl LVldLl 1 pjs ph ee t s> free advice, prices and other particulars.
Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential
DR, MEYERS & CO., 731 Market St., San Francisco EL Ztt? o *.
Hours— S to 5 Dally: Kvenlmrs. 7 to 8: Sundays, 9 to 11.
MUST ALL PROVE
THEIR RIGHT TO
RETAIN COMMAND
Six Volunteer Officers
in Trouble.
ORDERED FOR EXAMINATION
THREE RESIGNED WHEN THE
OBDEB WAS ISSUED.
Weeding Out Men Who Have liearned
Nothing From One "War and
Wish to Fight in An
other.
Those officers of the Forty-sixth Regi
ment who have not taken the pains to
qualify themselves for the positions they
hold are having a hard time. Six of them
have been ordered before a board of reg
ular cfflcers to be examined as to their
ntness to perform the duties of their
rank. Three of the officers resigned as
soon as the orders for the board were
issued, but the other three are going to
take the risk.
The six officers of the Forty-sixth or
dered up for examination are: Captain
William B. Thomas, Captain Lewis Pate
bone, First Lieutenant Wallace W. Batch
elder, First Lieutenant Benjamin P. Luk
ens, Second Lieutenant George W. Earl
and Second Lieutenant Carlos W. Pierce.
Batchelder, Lukens and Pierce resigned,
and Thomas was up before the board yes
terday His examination was not con
cluded! but it will be this morning, and
then the board will take up the others.
The board is composed of Lolonei ±i % ts.
Freeman, Twenty-fourth Infantry; Co -
onel Jacob B. Rawles, Third Artillery;
Captain Sedgwick Pratt, Third Artillerj,
ana Second Lieutenant William i orse,
Third Artillery, recorder.
In each case there is some specific
charge of incompetence or neglect of duty
preferred by the colonel of the regiment,
and this particular charge, as well as
their general ntness, will be gone into by
the board. 
In the formation of all the second call
regiments the colonels were notified that
the officers would be assigned to the regi
ments without examination, the only
qualification being that they had served
in the war with Spain. If, however, at
the end of a certain time any officer
showed that he was incapable of perform
ing the duties he had undertaken the
colonel was directed to apply for a board
..I examination and have the officer or
dered to appear before it. This is what
the colonel of the Forty-sixth is doing.
The report of the board will be sub
mitted to department headquarters and
from there it will be sent to Washington.
The ■officers examined will probably re
sign if they believe the report of the
board will go against thorn; but at any
rate, if it he not favorable, General Shaf
ter will not allow them to proceed to
Manila before army headquarters has
been heard from.
It is the intention of the department to
establish a permanent, hospital at the
Presidio in place of the general hospital
now there. This does not necessarily
mean that the buildings will be changed,
but they will be fitted up with all the
modern appliances to make them more
comfortable. It was not intended in the
ftrsi place to establish a permanent gen
eral hospital at the Presidio, but that is
now the intention.
Private George Burr. Company C of the
Forty-nfth Infantry, was seriously
wounded Wednesday night by the acci
dental discharge of his rifle. It was loaded
and It- was cleaning it. and the cartridge
was exploded, the bullet passing through
his left arm at the elbow. The arm was
amputated at the general hospital yes
terday.
HIS BRILLIANT RECORD.
Alfred P. Black Has Proved Himself
to Be the Right Man for Dis
trict Attorney.
Alfred P. Black is remarkably well
equipped to serve the people of San Fran
cisco as District Attorney. He has had
■ wide experience, having been identified
' with the District Attorney's office for a
I long time, and at present he holds the
position of Chief Deputy District Attor
ney. Mr. Black has conducted at least
1000 criminal trials in the city of San
• Francisco and has been remarkably sue
; cessful. During the present year he has
I rendered characteristic service's. Out of
eighty-six important cases committed to
! his charge he has secured sixty-six con
victions, which Is a noteworthy record.
Mr. Black is possessed >>f a rare judicial
■ quality which is so important in the men
tal make-up of a public prosecutor.
While he does not wish to see a guilty
man escape, yet if there is the slightest
doubt in his mind with regard to the cul
pability of the prisoner he is inclined to
lean to mercy's side and will not insist
on the extreme penalty, except in cases
which seem to demand it. If he thinks
the defendant Innocent he win say so and
end the prosecution. Alfred P. Black de
serves and will receive the support of the
good people of San Francisco for the of-
Bee of District Attorney. His splendid
record in the past is a guaranty for the
future.
In the Divorce Court.
Emma M. Brown was granted a divorce
from James A. Brown on the ground of
extreme cruelty. Decrees of divorce have
also been granted to Sylvia Neuman from
Walter S. Neuman on the ground of de
sertion and Franz A. Uenkel from Hen
rietta Henkel on the ground of desertion.
Bertha Tanzman has sued Abraham
Tanzman for a divorce, alleging cruelty
hs a cause of action. Suits for divorce
on the ground of desertion have been
filed by J- W. Wardale against Jessica
Wardale and Belle Gans against Robert
Gans.
Chas. A. Low. candidate, for Police Judge*
Christian Endeavorers Assemble.
The fifty-first quarterly meeting: of the
Golden Gate I'nion of Christian Endeav
orers assembled at Central Methodist
Church, on Mission street, last night, to
the number of several thousands. The
meeting was presided over by President
Charles M. Whitney, who Is at the head of
the society, representing fifty societies
numbering" over 2000 members.
THE EMPOBTOKL
ft t/ldvfces from the Eastman Kodak Company announce ♦
* a reduction of prices. Our customers participate. «
| One-third off on all Kodak Cameras. J
ft «
ft Madam tamwamwm ■'nwtntio.twiL niiw nm mm Dainty *
% Distinguished H a _ «k ByS3 3f the ■*
a Soprano, Sat- •< uolden Kuße Bazaar. Gato ♦
ft urday concert California* largest-America's grandest store. After 8 a.m. ♦
ft «
ft «
ft j</" "* /■ *
ft I
% Best Creamery Butter— The ordinary sized *
ft squares, on special sale Friday and Saturday only, *
% per square 43c J
ft : . — <#
£:: , «
* Our entire stock of Colored Dress Goods Rem- J
ft nants — Plaids, Fancy Checks, Mixed Suitings and many Stylish <t>
ft Weaves in plain colors, togetaer with nearly 100 Stylish Suit Patterns— on ♦
? special sale Friday an! Saturday only , • 21
* One-Quarter Off Marked Prices. <*
* : ♦
I - |
| Clothing Specials f
i For Two Days Only* I
% <Q, $*5 Silk Lined jCL J
ft Overcoats $10. lf!i? *
ft si 50sv lot of ne All- Wool Black Vicuna F *^jj ov
& [\2f(\ Overcoats, lined throughout with silk, 1-— *
ft 1 \ "elegant, tasty, perfect fitting garments, >/^Sv^i? : *&
ft I \ , regularly $15 each, sizes 34 to 39; also x<"VvJ9rN wmSrL* *
* M m a lot of 'Men's Fine All- Wool Blue Kersey A \ Vi^|/sw|^ . ♦
?U? ' _ Overcoats, fast colors, silk sleeve lining, / V 2
* \/^\Rr4 heavy farmer satin body iininirs, piped I V-^xyf^ifv *
ft 7 iW^ Wlt^ acK Batin an n°nest, trustworthy 7 \ ifT y |«lf|i 3»
ft. il] $15.00 garment, -izes 35 to 42; on special-//,/ S. * l iWBI
> \| sale Friday and Saturday only .$lO.OO /// N*-^-"o Itj3(l\ ♦
ft \.\ (/; Q If Ifl ♦
I \\ Boys^S.SO and l|( O ? ill, %
» LSi $7.50 Suits for % HI 2
| 2? $4.95. ( ?P^ ' *•
ft For Friday and Saturday we make another great "~~"^— j — '/ ip
* offer in B ys' Suits, sizes for 13 to 19 years, 5 different If/ *
* sorts, many have arrived from New York but a day or ' "4 1
? two ago, materials are all wool, new and serviceable, linings and make extra good, ♦
■» cut and fit perfect, not a Buit but what is worth $6.50 and nearly half of them J
£ are regular $7.50 suits; your choice Friday and Saturday only $4.95 7
ft _ *
ft
I Special Sale
I Men's Shoes.
♦ The Big Store -—*!
T offers for F-i-y— """iM
5 day only all^l *H
5, that remains J «nl_
> of our regular I Jffik
«> $2.95 line of r**^. Gf^S^.
* Men's Calf Lace V--^^|--^ v^
ft Shoes.coin toes '^Vl j^*^
* and tips, sewed ' ' fi
? welt sole?, a
? stylish, easy-fitting shoe that will surely
£, please you, all sizes, on special c ale for
& to-day on>y, per pair $2*35
ft —
* Friday Only. We offer 450
ft 50c Novetiy*?** oflatest
X ma em . o%*£r ?trle Novelty
{ Veilings 33c veiling, se-
* lecte i from our regular assortment of
A the 50c fancy Tuxedo and Chiffon Veil-
ft ing', dotted or plain, over 50 d sirable
* styles, in black, white and all of the new
? colorings, at the very special price for
J to-day only, per yard 33 C
ft —
ft Friday Only.
i Furniture -Carpets
* Five Big Offerings Good
ft for This Day Only.
% —^>s. Ladies' Dress-
ft //// WXI in: Table, like
* QWtfa mC\ picture.in either
* \Vv %0j) mahogany.bird's
* \^^^~i</ eV3 maple or
ft /-^ *^-v-. K°-^en oak, on
ft j^ ~^ special sale for
X f : n — —^^^1 th : s day 0n1y....
* Oy^ $7.75
* iff Vo^ \n ]U Large, com-
A \\\ \' W 1/ fortable Wicker
* \\ \\ II II rocker » Beat 18
* \ 1] \i I inches square,
* \ II w^re^ular price
* h^ \>^ $5> 8p ° rHI t0 "
a. YJ"*^ izj.....53m75
ft Golden Oak Combination Boole Case
ft and Writing Desk, height 69 inches,
* width 33^ inches, fancy shaped French
- beveled glass, regular pric? $17.50.
fy special to-day $13*75
ft Best quality of Tapostny Oar"
ft pet, full 10-wire, borders to match,
* also in hall and stair patterns, special
? to-day,"per yard 65c
* Linoleums— yards in width,
ft wide enough to cover a room with one
ft piece, on special sale to-day, per square
* yard sOc
ft '
■i, Fn'dav Only Children'?
* Children's "^H
Ik 2Oc Hose 14c, Cotton
» 2QcHOSe 14C» Hose, nar- |
ft row ribbed, fast black, made of a triple \
T twisted Maco yarn, very soft and elastic,
? regularly 20c per pair, on special 8 tie to-
rn day, per dozen $1.65, per pair. 14c
ft —
ft To-Day Only. Winter Roses, silk'
% ; Millinery^* «*d
£ SpeCiaiSm ve'.v?t foliage, and
£* fine crushed French Roses, all this sea-
& son's colorings, 3to 6 in a bunch, roses'
ft that were 50c, 60c and 75c per burch.
■$» your choice Friday only..— 25c
J $1.50 Gray Gu'ls, correct bird for
I trimming golf hat?, on special sal* to-
»V day only at •••• 98c
k3fr 444*444444**44***4*
WACHENDORF IS FREE.
Judge Cook Discharges Him From
Custody and Dismisses the
Jury.
Dr. Christian C. J. Wachendorf, who
has been on trial for the murder of John
Kchlenbeck, was ordered discharged from
custody and the jury dismissed by Judge
Cook yesterday. Some of the stars of the
detective department reached the conclu
sion that Kehlenbeck came to his death
through the administration of morphine
by his roommate. Dr. Wachendorf. They
based their conclusion on the facts that
Kehlenbeck was dead, and that as he had
a few hundred dollars it was sufficient
motive for Wachendorf to murder him In
hopes of getting the gold.
Expert witnesses, however, were una
ble to ascertain the cause of Kehlen
beck's death. District Attorney Solomons
passed several days in an endeavor to
prove that Kehlenbeck had died other
than a natural death, but *falled. Judge
Cook then to«k tbe matter in his own
THE EMPORIUM.
: *
Friday Only. «£
$20 Fall Jackets %
$-2.45. b jQ)
This fall's latest I^'->^ %
style Ladies' Jacket, v^l^Sl^ it
double-breasted all- y»^?j <"
wool kersey, light *l <•
and dark tan, b'ue ' jf&C\, *
or black, lined /^y^^/^ *
throughout with 1/^*^*' / \ «
fancy striped taffeta, 1/ /^o I \ 2
j perfect fitting and j\ I .11 ♦
highest class tailor- /\ e | A- I<<
made, all sizes, regu- {,\l Jp 0/ / iL/ "*
ar price $20.00, on V I £>C/ *
'special sale to-day, ' %^&\ *
Friday, only l?^^Tv^\\ *
! H..J512.45 - !*-*-WU A J
■ ————— «*'
4*
Fn'dav Only. We offer
$I.OO Sal in our rop- *
Duchesse 79c. q^nt y ♦
i of 22-inch Black Satin Duchesse, extra ♦
;heavv, superbly finished, an excellent J
wearing silk, made expressly for dress J
j skirts and shirt waists, at ' the very
special price for this day only, per
yard.. , 7Qc *
__ *
Frrtfat' O»?/v. We offer 150 «
Leomsnster io ™ °, f t! 1 9 - 061 - 2
«•«.- ji «s<— eb^ated Leo- *
Snii*tS JOCi minster" make *
un aunderei White Shirts, regular 50c J
and 75c qualities, almost 100 dozen of 2
the lot are the =:B: =\^^ <*
75c ones, ma^eof if^^-p-^^^^ ♦
fine muslin, extra / L JA ♦
heavy linen /\J\ ix\ "*
1 bosom?, bosoms I V! t I J'^\ *
heavily re-enforc- j I, M 'I. 'A !S
ed, finished l| M=l/| A*
sleeves, gusseted /i / / y 14. 2
skirts, bodies full (gp i I f W +
land large, wa have **^ //'i//i&
all sizes, and the Aft// ?
special pr cc for '/// d7A «
Friday only, e-»ch *<£' M .#J «
35c ♦
W large lot of Boys' 60c and «
75c Shirts, si^es ij\ and 14, are *
included in the above offer. ♦
• — : — l — v
Undermuslin j
Dep't Specials. *
For Friday only we offer: ♦
Children's Velvet Tarn 0' Shanter Caps,
with qui'l, in red and blue stripes, solid 41
green, brown or garnet, regularly 75c X
each, special to-day 450 **
Ladies' Cambric Skirts, with lawn rnf- <f
fla and two insertions and edge of Melici <tf
ia 'c, und-r and du^t ruffles, regularly *•
$1.95 each, special to-day $1*35 ♦
.
Friday Only. *
Berry Bowls *
12c. *
Diamond shaped,
.emerald green or ,^!^fe^^^^^^E/ *
crystal gla s a , \ ?^ ''/ *
bow s, 8 inches 3
3Ci 033 top, a I* flu uM
imitation of cut glass, on special sale to- <<
day only, each 120 <•
4444444.44*4:44444444* 4^
hands and ordered Solomons to prepare
a statement as to the facts he Intended
to prove during the trial. This state
ment was read In court yesterday, and
as the case was absolutely without
strength Judge Cook ordered the defend
ant discharged.
Came to Help Horace Davis.
Mrs. Kate M. Flynn. assistant secretary
of the State Board of Examiners at Sac
ramento, obtained a week's leave of ab
sence ft>r the purpose of visiting her homa
In this city to aid in the election of Hon.
Horace Davis.
Mrs. Flynn. while not a politician in tha
crude sense of tno word, which brings la
dies-of delicate sensibilities in contact
with the professional politician, Is never
theless a lady with a host of personal
friends who will give ear to her solicita
tions when asking their votes for Mr
Davis.
Being a native daughter and also a re
tired school teacher of the San Francisco
public schools, she wields an influence
among the enlightened people. She Is foi
Davis and the entire Republican ticket
56
9fi/ 439 wiig^yfcS? HI All
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1899
_ * • • * "*
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _ _ :
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manage* [
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market end Third SU, 3. Pi
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevermon Btr«tf
TeJ.-rV-.ni- Wain IS7«.
DELIVERED HT CARRIERS. 18 CTSNT3 PSHR WTBK.
Hir.rle Copies, S cunts.
Terror by Mall. InclufJlnt: Postage:
DAILY PAT. I, (Inelufltnc Sunday Call), one year $0.00
I>A)I.Y CAL.I. (Inoludlnc Sunday Call), 6 months &.O0
1 . :i.T CALL (Inoludtog Sunday Call), 8 months .... 1.00
r>AU.T CALJ^-By Single Moalh «*so
SUNDAY CALL, On« Year 1.30
WEEKLY CAM. On» Yew 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to r«c«ivj subscriptions.
Sair.pl* copios will b* forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marqaette Bulldlaft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C C CARLTON Herald Sqnora
NEW YORK REPRESBTCPATIVEi
PERRY LOKENB dR 99 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS,
Bh*nnan Hoot*; P. 0. Xni '-'<>: Grsat Nortaira Hot«]|
FTttucmt House; Aaultorttsni Hotel,
NEW YORK WEWB STANDS. ,
Vr*ie<rrt-MU,r\* Howl; A, BrenUtao, »1 Union Mntnf
Murray HIU Hot«L _ .
W-ACHmOTOIt 4D. C.I OFFICE Ww*HnCton Hotel
J. L. E'rCOLfSH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE»-62f Morjtflomery »tr««Vcorntr Clay,
open Until 9:90 o'clock ZOO Hayes street open until
9:80 o'clock. 629 McAllister street, open until 30
o'clock- 613 LarKln street. open UQtll 9;30 o'clock
IC4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2561 Market
ttreot, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock '09d
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventlj
street, open until 9 o'clock. HW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 -o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Vaudeville.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
:urnla— "Brown's In Town."
Tlvoll— "The Bohemian Girl."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ana
evening.
Olytnpla, corner Massn and Ellis Specialties.
New Alnambra— Mile. Flfl. from Paris, Sunday evening. No-
vember ;.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Entertainment.
Central Park — Steeplechase and sierfonaances.
Western Turf Association. San Mateo County— No-
vember 1
Oakland Rac-track— Rac«^ ---'-■•■
~ <TvJr>"fWr>cSisL> - ■
-•ig^ir*'-^^ — —
AN EFFACED HUMBUG.
|;nt Mr. Fitch's Non
■ if the Rickard ballot law
ever rest until they
statute-books. It is not diffi-
I this aversion. The
immenced the contest by
: the orficial ballot, and,
■ . cry prospect that it wifi
rultivate a hatred of humbugs
this political vendetta
L It 19 our individual opinion
had never accomplished
tiian the on of the Non
• the support of every
.:' this community, for if ever
. ii i- this so-called
- which it pn fesses are false
the b.-iti* of Its organization is
all the more dangerous politi
.-red with the cloak of respectability;
■ m which it appeals for votes is
ion and an arrant fraud.
• the Non-Partisan party has been used
illowers as a club for braining
üblican candidai i office. Its work
nly Dei ratic that it has justly
• tie of "Democratic sideshow." On one
used to throw the government into
the hand of Buckley and Raihey, two of the worst
■ho ever ruled the city. On another
• • laced Dan Burns in possession of sev
rtant offices, and later it ha? trained en
:•! the interest of Phelan and his machine.
tly one of its conspicuous members stole into
epubttcan camp and sought a nomination for
isor, only, like Benedict Arnold, to betray
•id accept a commission from the enemy.
If Mayor Phelan ever secures the power and does
an the price of his perfidy he will
r a sharp departure from accepted Non
m mcth<
To obliterate a political fraud of this character is
glory enough for the Rickard ballot law. If it shall
finally itself be effaced, it cannot fail to long be re
membered, like Wellington, as the hero of the great
est battle ever fought.
because of this statute that the Non-Partisans
will play a subordinate engagement id this cam
paign, but, small as this engagement is, it is Demo
cratic. In their advertisement the "party" indorses
three Demo ••■••• four candidates for city and
county officers. One of these Democrats, if elected,
will appoint commissions which will disburse $8,000,
--r»oo worth of patronage in two years. This patronage,
i with a towering ambition, may make two
ratic Congressmen from this city and a Unite 1
States Senator from the State. Out of eighteen Su
rs indorsed eleven are Democrats. If Mr.
Fitch's advice is followed in this ra=e the legislature
of the city will be thrown bodily into the hands of
the I)< moi •
This i-, Non>-Partisanism with a vengeance. And
"party," led by a Republican traitor.
asserts that it- indorsements are earned
by faithful service. Where i^ the faithful Heyer, Re
publican candidate for Assessor, and the faithful
Lackmann, Republican candidate for Sheriff? Or.
better still, the faithful Davis, who has served his
country, his city and his party for forty years with
out once departing from the straight and narrow
path?
W< congratulate the T\irk,-in! I. allot law on having
wiped bo palpable ;•. humbug off the official ballot.
If it shall finally manage to dispose of the Xon
■ rover it will be entitled to a monument
in Golden Gate Park The ages will not record a
or niorr- beneficent victory for political in
and civic reform.
r.-(! Joubett has very kindly invited the Brit
i-li t', icians to look after their wounded
\\hn nrr- prisoners in his hands, and if he continues
■ ! or so every other day he will have
to ask them before long to send a commissary with n
wagon train of provisions to feed them.
Ie who bave been trying to make themselves
II cheap may be able to prove it as
toon ;is J Pierpont Morgan's big anti-telephone
syndicate Ri'ts its wires working.
DEMOCRATS ON PHELAN.
THERE is something direct and potent in the
expression of their opinions by the straight
Democrats who support Dr. Cleveland for
Mayor and reject Phelatt. At their meeting in Met
ropolitan Hal! a spade was not called a teaspoon
nor a pickax a toothpick. Their principal speaker.
Mr Harris concluded his arraignment of Pheian by
asking his hearers to "save this city from bossism
infinitely more absolute, vicious and intolerant than
, any which has ever reared its hydra head in San
Francisco. Do this by voting against the
Phelanistic-Examineristn, which is an unequivocal
ety, dangerous to public florals, an in
to the public conscience, to clean journalism,
clean government and genuine progress, and is op
posed to commercial and industrial enterprise, to
true Democracy and in general to that fair fame of
San Francisco, which all good citizens desire to up- j
hold." .
In quoting this we cannot say the ' italics are
--." for in accent and emphasis it is all the work
recent political associate and supporter of Mr.
Pheian. If it cast a light on the situation which
makes men blink, it is not from Republican but
Democratic sources.
These gentlemen have grown familiar with the
Mayor's methods by intimate association with him
in the same party, and they are supposed to testify
from abtindance of knowledge. They have the nat
ural feeling of party men who desire that party vic
tories shall be properly credited, and the proposition
to have a personal victory for Mr. Pheian, ignoring
the party, is repugnant to them.
From their frequent and frank expressions it is evi
dent that they not only resent his assumption of
being better than his party, if not. too good for it
altogether, but they regard him as not as good as
the party, and put forward his methods as evidence
•' it
Nothing done by a common, unshaven boss was
ever grosser than Phelan's forcing of Geary's nomi
nation and his remark that "Geary may be a scrub.
,bi:t we must have a soldier on the ticket."
In ridiculous background to this is Geary's declara
tion that Pheian is "our war Mayor" and his intima
tion that the war Mayor's influence reached the Phil
ippines, and was more potent than the Federal Gov
ernment in nerving our soldiers to pursue the Fili
pino skedaddlers. No wonder there is some nau*ea
in the pit of the old Democratic stomach at the
spectacle of a war Mayor and a scrub standing as
candidates of the old party while denying its existence
and ignoring its principles. Dr. Cleveland, Mr. Tlar
-lis and their colleagues are certainly entitled to pub
lic respect for their attitude on straight politics.
The Pheian leadership by Gavin McNab suggests
other funny combinations and strange bedfellowships.
When McNab controlled the committee for the cele
bration of the Fourth of July he was so rancorous
against union labor organizations that he prevented
the employment of union bands to play for the pro
>ii. The result was that no labor organizations
appeared in the parade, and Barry's Star opened
every vial of its celebrated wrath on him and changed
his name in its columns to "Gavin McScab." Now
McNab is pulling the stroke oar for Pheian. and
the Star i* in noisy accord with the combination.
Such a mixture of fish, flesh and fowl makes the
gorge rise in the throat of old-fashioned Democ
racy, and its representatives are warranted in oppos
ing such a political burgoo.
One of the surprises of the Ohio campai^^ has
been the success achieved by Senator Ilanna as n
stump orator. It was known that he is a good or
ganizer, but doubts were felt concerning his ability
to make a speech and mix with the people. These
have now been dissipated and it appears there arc
no mass-meetings of the canvass more largely at
tended than those at which he is announced as to
speak.
The announcement of further difficulties in the way
of the settlement of the Samoan question is a matter
of no surprise. When three great nations like the
United States, Great Britain and Germany try to get
on to so small a group of islands with both feet there
is bound to be trouble.
A NOTABLE PETITION.
NF.YF.R before did there go from the people of
rnia so strong a petition for the appoint
ment of a particular individual to a political
office as that which will request President McKinley
to appoint William R. Wheeler to the vacancy in the
Interstate Commerce Commission. That much can
he safely said, for among the organizations signing
the petition through their officials are some which,
like the Merchants' Association of this city and the
Chamber of Commerce of Los Angeles, have never
before urged upon an appointing power the selection
of a particular candidate for any office.
The extent to which all the commercial and in
dustrial organizations of the entire Pacific Coast have
united in supporting the candidacy of Mr. Wheeler
is not only complimentary to him but is significant
of the prevailing feeling of the people of the coast
States upon the issue at stake. Our merchants and
manufacturers have now to meet the aggressive
claims and demands of Chicago and St. Louis and at
the same time guard against the schemes of the
Southern Pacific Company. Just why the Southern
Pacific should be at this time antagonizing
the coast is not clear, hut the antagonism is mani
fest, and in defending our interests before the Inter
state Commerce Commission as -.veil as in seeking
to obtain the appointment of a Pacific Coast repre
sentative on the commission, the merchants and
manufacturers have to beware of railroad hostility at
home as well as the open contest made by the big
cities of the Mississippi Valley.
The petition to the President sets forth that the
delay in it-; presentation has been due solely to the
determination of the signers not to indorse any one
for the place until such time as they could indicate
to the President "the unanimous choice of the busi
ness interests of the whole coast." They are now
able to do that. As the petition says: "A conven
tion has just been held in this city of the Pacific
Const Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association,
which was attended by representatives from every
line of business from the States of Washington, Ore
gon and California. At that convention the matter
of indorsing some one for the vacancy caused by the
resignation of Mr. Calhoun was taken up, and Mr.
W. R. Whfe'er of this city was the choice, without
c-nc dissenting vote."
The organizations which unite in the petition in
clude almost every important commercial or indus
trial association on the coast. Mr. Wheeler therefore
st.'.nds as the representative of the business interests
of this section of the Union, and those who oppose
his candidacy are virtually opposing the selection of
any man from the coast at all. Fortunately no op
position has thus far manifested itself except that of
the Southern Pacific and the organs of that com
pany. Even that opposition ought now to cease. It
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVKMItEK 8, 1899,
has been declared over and over again that in the
movement for protecting the trade interests of the
coast there is designed no injury to the railroad. It
will, in fact, serve the welfare of the roads to build
up the trade of California, Oregon and Washington.
Mr. Wheeler represents a force which is working
for the benefit of all, and his indorsement by the
people of the coast should be made unanimous.
Congressman Roberts, the polygarnist, against
whom the shafts of scores of societies are aimed, has
at last found a champion. She is a woman, lives in
Chicago, and insists, with a woman's logic, that
Roberts ought to be seated as a member of the House
of Representatives. Her rftasoa is the customary
ladylike one of "simply because."
IU R. E. L. COLNOX of the Stockton Mail
/ \ goes to the trouble and expense of lampoon
ing the proprietor and manager of The Call.
He indulges in most extraordinary statements of his
code of ethics and exudes malice from his intellectual
pores until the result makes him appear like a hip
popotamus indulging iji a red sweat. In defense of
his code of morals Mr. Colnon says: "What would
be grossly immoral in one country might be quite the
proper thing in another." And to this he adds: "A
newspaper is not an agency for the elevation of the
morals of a people and cannot be made such."
We are sure that all readers of the Stockton Mail
acquit it of any attempt to elevate morals, or even
to let them stay as good as it found them.
Because The Call has said that certain leprous
practices can be limited by letting the light of pub
licity fall upon them Mr. Colnon is sure that we in
tend to blackmail somebody. We don't know what
he has been doing lately that he ducks his head when
ever expo-nre is mentioned.
His reference to the proprietor of The Call in con
nection with the subject of blackmail sug-gests the
attempt he made to stand up the Valley Railroad for
a large sum of money and its exposure to the direct
erf, by the proprietor of The Call. Mr. Colnon has
certainly lived down to his code of ethics, not only
in journalism but in office. While people were com
pelled to do public business with him as secretary to
the Governor of California they were not long in
finding out that he held peculiar views as to the op
portunities of his position. When application was
sent through him for removal of penal disabilities,
with full explanation of the case, he did not con
sider the reasons sufficient for consideration and re
quested the parties concerned to "dig up" sufficient
testimony in the case to justify his attention to it.
How many may have "'dug up" and who, during his
term as Secretary, are things unknown to the pub
lic. But as he considers what is immoral in one
country may be highly moral in another, the transfer
of that idea to official life is easy and he would find
no difficulty in making it. As he stood at one end
of the process of "digging up" and the digger stood
at the other, what to the digger seemed highly im
moral, to Mr. Colnon may have seemed moral and
proper, as he insists that right and wrong are not
actual, but are interchangeable according to the
point of view.
When the "digging up" probably Rot bad, Colnon
\va=i transferred to the Harbor Commission and be
came its president. His record there i< written in
the judicial findings in the case of Irwin vs. the
commission. From the testimony in that case it is
evident that the water front was in luck that it did
not get carried off. It was said that even the clock
in the ferry tower, having its good manners cor
rupted by evil associations, was frequently seen to
hold one hand behind its back, and the time ball
bn athed freer every day when it slid up the pole pre
paratory to it? meridian fall, for things that could
rcost high were safer.
We have no doubt that Mr. Colnon's secret soul
utters itself out of hi; personal experience when he
- in his lampoon: "Publicity of crime increases
crime. The Call's fool notion that the fear of pub
licity will deter those wrongly inclined is all that
could be expected from a man with half a head."
We admit that from the standpoint of our ex
perience with Colnon he i-- right. We have no rea
son to believe that any fear of publicity, or even the
glare of a judicial exposure, ever made him bat an
eye or drove him off the trail of a job that he had in
sight or scent.
Our only justification is that we believed him to be
the exception that proves the rule. We do not pre
tend that any publicity would affect him. but we
hope there are others, whose good name has not yet
become a reminiscence, who would turn away from
the lure of passion or greed and put temptation be
hind them for sheer pride in a good reputation which
exposure and publicity would destroy.
In this world, where traps arc set on every hand
and where the steadfastness of men is often shaken
by the example of flourishing iniquity to which Mr.
Colnon has been a contributor, society requires that
no influence should be omitted that will keep men
in the straight path. If the fear of publicity is one
such influence, the newspaper which holds it over the
man that is poising between right and wrong, uncer
tain whether to take the plunge or stand upright, is
a proper agency in the elevation of morals which
prevents transgression by the certainty of exposure.
While publicity did not succeed in reforming Col
non, the fear of it may so deter others as to leave
him the distinction of standing alone, a monument
of incorrigibility, standing on his reputation like a
crow on a carcass, cawing his belief that all meat is
carrion.
A late dispatch from Ladysmith announcing that
a number of stragglers from the regiments captured
by the Boers have made their escape and returned
to that city, adds: "A number of mules with a por
tion of the mountain battery have also come in." It
is therefore evident the mule has not been so pesky
as was reported. By bringing back some of the gins
he has done something at [east to atone for stam
peding and upsetting the ammunition wagon.
When the United States acquired the Sulu Islands
there was a distinct understanding that the re
ligious beliefs of the natives were to be respected.
Among the beliefs thus honored is one which makes
the killing of Christians a passport to paradise. This
very interesting fact may suggest, perhaps, that the
Sulu Islands are first-class places for enthusiastic
missionaries to shun.
The Republican party lms put a clean ticket in the
municipal contest, and if the voters give it a clean
victory they will receive in return a clean adminis
tration in every branch of the city government.
According to the rulings of Justice Rodden of San
Rafael the game laws are dead in Mario County.
How nice— dead game laws for dead game sports.
A railroad is to be constructed in Persia under Rus
sian supervision on money furnished by French cap
italists. Now who will own the road?
ABOUT BLACKMAIL.
THE COLOSSAL STATUE
DESIGNED BY A QUEEN
R<~>ME, Sept. 10.— The colossal statue of the Virgin, designed by Queen Mar
gherita herself, has been unveiled and dedicated. This enormous bronze
rests on a massive pedestal on inaccessible Rocca Melone, one of the hlgh
fst peaks in the Italian Alps. The statue was paid for by the contributions of
150.000 school children, their tribute to the Virgin Mother in grateful commemora
tion of the rescue of the members of a company of Alpine militia from an aval
anche—a rescue so remarkable that the soldiers ascribed it to the direct influence
of the Virgin, to whom they prayed in their strep?.
Graven in the pedestal is an invocation from the Pope praying the Virgin to
guard the frontier of Italy.
BLACK AND WHITE
AT THE ORPHEUM
The nine days' wonder Btretcbed to
fourteen this time and then ceased. Mile.
Lotty has been thrust back to the first
division of the Orpheum evening, and she
finds herself leading up to new attrae
! tlons. Mile. Lotty has to depend upon her
flags to make the house ring- with ap
, plause. Her act is olil. and must pave the
' way for Louise Dresser, who holds the
! place of honor. The king is dead, live the
king.
Mips Dresser has cheeks like the heart
■ of a ripe watermelon, and her ribbons ac
company in green. Altogether eatable is
Mt.-s Dresser. She stands temptingly be
tween two wide-mouthed pickaninnies
! and the whirl." is a Joyful Wabash picture.
: There is an old theory, upheld by Mr.
■ Morrisey, that a "natchel bohn coon" is
fnr behind a burnt cork performer, but
the theory isn't worth a dumb canary
while Miss Dresser's pickaninnies can Itb
s.-...n upon the same as Jack N"r
worth. The first glimpse of the little
brown boys conjures up visions of melon
patches and chicken roosts such as burnt
cork never suppist?. And there is a
whip-noor-will tone in the genuine ncj*rn
voice, a jgueer little wall that is the ripht
ful heritage of these same youngsters and
that can no more belong to the fairer race
than can the shiny moon.
Jack Norwortn, on t hi- other hand, has
jokes that patter fast enough find <ire
new enough to keep one's wits bobbing.
Hut he has no reason for his blackness.
There is not one Southern sway in nls
body, there is not one Southern slip In his
words. He is most emphatically a be
blacked white man. and in so being: lie
flies in the face of Providence and the re
sult is his come-up-ance. The coon mono>
logue is too old a fad to support the
monologist of Its own strength. Only
when he is much more clever than Mr.
Norworth can he revive the fad.
There was a remark made some time
ago about the Ethiopian and his skin.
Vice versa.
Ada Palmer-Walker la "The Bohemian
Girl" at the Tivoll.
It is a case of cold-blooded murder. She
!is thrusting th*-- daggers of her voice
i through "I dreamt I dwelt," and the re
' suit makes one shudder. The daggers
■wore never sharpened to such a nicety be-i
! fore. Besides, one minds more when the
Victim Ik a dear old darling like the
i "Marble Halls', 1 song.
In happy contrast stands the fact that
Mr. Greene and Mr. Schuster, as Thad
i deus and the Count, are making them
selves more agreeable than eVer. There
" isn't a man in all th'> Tivoli many who Is
i a more all-round satisfactory singer than
.Mr. Schuster. He can be adapted to any
occasion, being as grand as he Is comic
■ and ns comic as he is grand. He has a
rpad voice, a good presence, and the only
danger 1b that he may prove too good to
last.
Caroline Knowles, the new comer, >s a
stunning gypsy queen when one need only
i look, but she is unfortunate when one
i must listen. Bhe has a muffled voice that
shrinks weakly away from Its opportuni
■ ties. But as Miss Knowles came to us
with "comedienne" for her degree, it
would not bo fnir to judge her by her
'. work In "The Bohemian Girl." Did any
, body say that she pretended to sing?
The bitterest disappointment Is Alf
Whelan's Devilshoof. It might pass for
mediocrity if Mr. Whelan had not In me
rash week of "The Mikado" shown how
positively good he can be. It Is fatal to
any man's peace of mind to once win a
reputation for cleverness. Thereafter
greedy people demand nig things of him
, and they complain sorely If he gives what
: would be railed enough from an every
-1 day person. Mr. Whelan has climbed
; high enough to feel the bump In case he
i should fall.
I "The Three Musketeers" Is George
L,ask's new opera. The opportunity is of
the best. Good luck to the enterprise.
* * *
"The Conspirators" will close this week
and "A Merry Monarch" follows. A hus
band-and-wife farce goes on at the Alca
zar and Nance O'Neil returns to the Cali
fornia.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
NEW COURT RULE.
! Supreme Court Changes the Order for j
Holding Examinations.
At every quarterly examination by the
Supreme Court of applicants for admis
sion to practice the number of would-be -
lawyers is astonishing , and the number !
seems to be increasing. The Justices have !
j decided to change the mode of holding ex- ,
' aminations, for yesterday they issued the
following new order:
Order Amending Order Relating to Examina
tions of Applicants for Admission to Practice |
| Law — Applicants for admission to practice law
| will not hereafter be examined in open court
I at the sessions held in Sacramento and Pan !
i Francisco. In pursuance of the amendment :
; to section 27C of the Code of Civil Procedure |
the Commissioners of the Supreme Court or!
any three of them are hereby designated to |
j conduct public examinations of all persons who
present applications filed in due form. Such
; examinations will be held at the Supreme Court
rooms In Ban Francisco on the second Monday :
' in March, June. September and December of
. each year. No person rejected shall be at
I liberty to renew the application earlier than \
' the second regular examination next after such :
■ rejection. ! Until otherwise ordered applicants
; who are bona fide residents of any of the
' counties of the I,os Angeles district will, if i
; they so desire, be examined at the beginning
i of each session of the court In Los Angeles
!as heretofore. The next examination will be :
j held December 11, 1599.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JACK DEMPSEY'S DEATH-Reader,
City. Jack Dempsey. the pugilist, died on
the Ist of November. 1595.
GOLDENSONS CRIME— J. H. M.. City.
Mamie Kelly was shot and killed in San
Francisco by Alexander Goldenson on the
10th of November, 1886.
THE PALACE HOTEL— W. W. N.,
City. The cost of erecting the Palace Ho
tel, in San Francisco, was between three
and one-half and four millions of dollars.
MANILA CIGARS— B., City. Ninety
twn brands of cigars are manufactured in
the city >f Manila, P. 1., and thirty of
these have bands, or rings, around them.
JOHN DAVIS AND WIFE-W. T. H.,
Stockton. Cal. John Davis and wife, who
attempted to run across the continent in
an automobile, returned to the point
whence they started.
AGAIN THE CENTURY— An Old Sub
scriber, City. The next century will com
mence on the Ist of January. 1901. Why,
is fully explained in an answer to another
correspondent in this department Octo
ber 22, 1899.
LOS ANGELES' DIRECTORY— A. O. S.,
City. A copy of the Los Angeles Direc
tory may be seen in the office of th^ City
Directory in this city, in the lfuilding on
Rush street, near Sansome, occupied by
Crocker & Co.
A SMALL BOOK— L. C City. A book
"one inch long, three-quarters of an inch
wide, containing illustrated fables and
song? in French, printed in Paris, France,
in 1R24." is probably one of the smallest
books ever printed." Such a book has no
market value, but is worth just whatever
it will bring from one who may wish to
buy it as a curiosity.
WHlTEWASH— Subscriber, City. The
following' receipt for whitewash is the one
sent out by the Lighthouse Board of the
United States Treasury Department. It
has been found by experience, to answer
on wood, brick and stone nearly aa well
as oil paint and is much cheaper: "Slack
one-half bushel of unslacked lime witn
hoilintr water, keeping it covered during
the process. Strain it and add a peck Oi
salt, dissolved In warm water; three
pounds of ground rice put in boiling wa
ter and boiled to a thin paste; half a
pound of powdered Spanish wniting and a
pound of clear glue, dissolved in warm
water; mix these well together, and let
the mixture stand for several days. Keep
the wash thus prepared in a kettle or
portable furnace, and when used put it on
as hot as possible with a painter s or a
whitewash brush."
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS— M.. Placerville,
Cal. Any first-class bookseller can fur
nish literature on the South Sea Islands
and books on boatbuilding. The question
"Are the South Sea Islands a good place
for a young man to go for business? is
too broad to admit of a general answer.
You should select the island you would
like to go to, and if there is a I nited
States Consul thf-re. write to him, tell ng
him what line of business you would like
to engage in, and he will advise you.
MAN-OF-WAR— S., City. Man-of-war
is a phrase applied to a line-of-battle ship,
contrary to the usual rule of the English
language by which all ships are feminine.
Talbot in "Words and Their Origin"
"The use of this term probably ar
the following manner: Men-of-war were
heavily armed soldiers. A ship full of
them would be called ;i man-of-war ship.
In process of time the word ship was dis
carded as unnecessary, and there re
mained the phrase man-of-war." After
the "ship"' was dropped from the phrase
man-of-war became the appellation of the
vessel instead of the man. as originally,
and now the individual is known as a
man-of-war's man. The plural of man-nf
war. either individual or vessel, is men-of
war.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Masse, a wealthy tanner of Napa. is
a guest at the Grand.
J. Bleis, a mining man of Sonora, Is
registered at the Lick.
W. H. McKenzie, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Frank H. Buck, the millionaire fruit
man of Vacavllle, is a guest at the Palace.
Louis Sloss Jr. has returned from
Alaska after a hurried trip over the gold
fields.
Douglas S. Cone, the Red Bluff million
aire, is ;it the Palace accompanied by B.
Epperson.
Arthur L. Pearse, a traveler from Lon
don, En?., is among the recent arrivals
at the Palace.
K. Body, a wealthy mine owner of
Angels :amp. is registered for a short
stay at the Palace.
Dr. F. Sellick, one of the leading phy
sicians of Chicago, is registered at tha
Palace with his wife.
J. A. Dexter, who has been mining in
Alaska for nine year?, came down on the
stfamer Portland yesterday.
George Morris, Assistant Librarian of
Congress, is in this city on a visit ot
pleasure. He comes directly from his
home In Washington. D. C.
General J. B. Frisbie, a wealthy banker
of the City of Mexico, is among the re
cent arrivals at the Occidental. He is
accompanied by his wife and daughter.
H. H. Johr.son. A. P. Hubbard, C. D.
Leary and C. S. Blackett. mining men.
from Cape Nome, who arrived in this city
yesterday on the Portland, are staying
at the Occidental.
E. M. Vail, F. A. Benjamin. W. H.
i Granville and A. M. Baker, a quartet of
I fortunate mining men from the Cape
: Nome district, are registered at the Rupp,
where they arrived yesterday morning
from the steamer Portland.
Attorney George Knight ha? returned
■ from his recent trip to the East. While
away he met the President, and on his
j way home he made several political
( speeches in the various States through
which he passed.
Bishop Moreland of Sacramento arriv el
in the city yesterday and left on the even
ing overland for the East. He goes in
connection with his religious work, md
while absent will deliver -a number oti!
lectures in various cities throughout the
East in behalf of the General Convention
of the Episcopal Church, which is to be
held in chip city in October. WOL
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— C. A. Ranier
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington; John C. Crane and wife of
Oakland are at the St. James.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEAV YORK, Nov. 2— Mr. and Mrs. C.
K. Hopkins and son. P. C. Hopkins, of
San Francisco are at the Fifth Avenue;
R. Tlale of San Francisco is at the Ma
jestic.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t.a
Press Clipping Bvreau (Allen's), 510 Mon •
gomery street. Telephone Main 3042. •
Welburn's Third Trial Set.
The trial of ex-Internal Revenue Col
lector Osca M. Welburn has been set In
the United States District Court for 11 a.
m. on Wednesday next. This will be Ms
third trial for the offenses ohargod
against him. and his second trial on the
present Indictment, which charges him
with sendir.e false vouchers to the head
of the Revenue Department at Washing
ton.
''Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by mil!: of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas', whether arising from teething of
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
WinsloWs Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTKI, DEL OORONADO— Take advantage
nt the round-trip tickets. Now only $>>0 by
steamship, including fifteen days" board at ho
•<•!. I neer stay. J2 SO per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Fran
Brown Deceived Her.
Catherine Halgn filed suit a.eninst Cy
rus El wood Brown to recover $20,000 dam
a p.;i for breach of promise. Plaintiff al
leges that on August 22. 1597. at Cincin
nati. Ohio, defendant requested her to
become his wife. She consented, but sub
ntly. in January of this year. sh<»
di» uvered that Brown was a married
man.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Children must have just
the right kind of food if
they are to become strong
men and women. A defi-
ciency of fat makes children
thin and white, puny and
nervous, and greatly retards
ful-1 growth and develop-
ment. They need
It supplies just what
all delicate and growing
children require.
Soe. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New Yd*.f _ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
|S&SSgp*S^| BOYS KNOW
'^'^^^^nrJ^'^^^^^fiU Till. A. HP* H7 L\
Ip^p^ What They Want!
Iwwf/^^l They won't have an
*"^ )M WT 7 I '^mj thin else but that
■ Q^k tf^flK SMART, MANLY
•P^B^^J%/ TOP COAT ■
!^ -t^^^^^W'- Some beauties in Tan
W Tf |§ipS^BlS Covert Cloths, in Plain
$1 M/PP^^lot and Herringbone weaves.
' U wll^tl velvet collars, d $6.0(r
I™ IZ/-v -' <fi\ 11$ Top Coat, ages Sto Id
L^lT/'//' ->/-.fc4w years. Special to-day
jg~% ■ ; -""® l \ and Saturday at
fy^i $3.95.
RAPHAEL'S, -
KINGPINS FOR OVERCOATS,
COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT AND j
SATURDAY MATINEE,
Lr.st Performances of the Laughing Success. .
"BROWN'S IN TOWN"!
HER FAREWELL WEEK
TREMENDOUS SALE YESTERDAY,
"AN UNBROKEN LINE
FROM MNc TILL MINE."
•NANCE O'NEIL
AND HER POWERFtTL COMPANY.
Sunday Night . .'OLIVER TWIST." !
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Nights and
Saturday Matinee .."THE SHADOW."
Thursday Matinee THE JEWESS."
Thursday Night
-THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Friday Night • "MAODA." I
Saturday Night The New "CAMILLE."
FOX OFFICE NOW OPEN.
POPULAR Evening 75c, 50c, tSo
RICES... Matinee BOc, 25c
SPECIAL I
To-niplit full rT^rts of the championship ■
ririK contest between JEFFRIES and SHAR- !
KEY will be announced from the stage between
U<*tS. .: ,
COLUMBIA raws
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVERY- HEAR:
TillN(i MATHEWS *?$
AND iyi c
NEW BULGER You
IMT UULULn, Had
" c l In Tbeir Newest Hit, Money
X W BY THE SAD {»
mil SEA .WAVES. I Bank.
PRICKS— SI, 75c, 50c. 25c.
LOUISE DRESSER AND HER PICKANIN-
NIES.
JACK NORWORTH.
HAL MERRITT and FLORENCE MXJRDOCK.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON AND CO.; LAURA
BURT: SADA: WALTON'S ACROBATIC
SIMIANS.
MLLE. ERSA'S MUSICAL DOGS.
last Week or LOTTY,
The Originator of Her Beautiful Act.
Reserved peats, 2'c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Next CORNILLE, the Famous French
Comedienne.
Bulletins giving the progress and result of the
JefTrles-Sharkey fight will bo read from the j
ftage ac received from New York.
_______ i
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
■* Last night but two of the best Comic Opera
ever written In America,
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Music by H. J. STEWART.
Book by CLAY M. GREENE.
A Triumph of Californlan Genius. A Most
Beautiful and Costly Production. Packed
to the Doors Nightly.
Monday Evening Next— Francis Wilson's Great- !
"Ft Comic Opera Success,
THE ;V\ERRY MONARCH.
POPULAR PRICES— 6Oc, Ho, Me. 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Peat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium. '
ALCAZAR THEATER.
JEFFRIES-- SHARKEY Contest Announced ,
To-Nleht.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATTNEj: TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS !
PRICES— I Be. 25c. 35e, 50e.
™ NEXT WEEK— The New York Lyceum The-
ater Farce Hlt-"NERVES."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHTt
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Balfe's Melodious English Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN G2RL!
, The Enormous Grand Opera Success
L'AFRICAINE !
Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and BO Cents.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Special telegraphic reports of the Jeffries- '
Bharkey contest will be read to-night from the I
*tace!
DEWEY.STRQNG &CQ.^»??^ . j
6 Patents! f)
Xaol^33o MARKET ST. s"fV§wS^_
we Bflym^gi
Will L lIU 111 I— 6c. Overcoats and
. Vallsoa checked tree. '
AMUSEMENTS.
r^^ m r - vjr^_ J _. _. ._-._.- -^^-_— _.
GRAND ENTERTAINMENT AND RALLY
Given in the Interest of
Mr. ALFRED P. BLACK,
Candidate for
DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
By His Many Friends, at
ODD FELLOWS' HALL. FRIDAY
EVENING, Nov. 3, 1899,
At * o'clock.
HON. JAMES M. TROUTT. Presiding.
PROGRAMME— I. Song, Press Club Quartet,
Mr. D M Lawrence, first tenor; Mr. K. F.
Tilton, second tenor; Mr. W. J. Batchelder,
first bass; Mr. Charles L. Parent Jr.. second
bass. 2. Opening remarks, Hon. James M.
Troutt. 3. Violin solo. Mr. Henry Larsen.
4. Bass solo, Mr. Charles L. Parent Jr. 5.
Brief address, Mr. Alfred P. Black. 6. Selec-
tions. Hawthorne Mandolin Club, Walter
Clarkson, director. 7. Soprano solo, Mr?. L.
Wand. S. Tenor solo, "Manuelito," Mr. J. 11.
Desmond. 9. Recitation, "A Telephone Ro-
mance," Miss Lydia D. Jacob. 10. Song,
Press Club Quartet.
Yourself and friends are cordially Invited
to attend. Reserved seats for ladles and es-
corts. Come early and get a seat.
Committee— Hon. James M. Troutt. Hon. D.
J. Murphy Hon. John A Ho?mer, Mr Percy
V. Long. Mr. J. H. Simpson Mr. Cllve A.
Brown, Mr. C. B. Perkins. Mr. A. O. Colton.
Mr. N. C. Harris.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phono SOUTH 770.
Commencing NEXT SUNDAY
EVENING, Nov. 5
Brady & Ziegfeld's I MAT CiT
Parisian Comedy Success, 1 1T1 A 1 • DA 1 •
THE POPULAR CR ZE,
MLLE.FIFI f "a.
NEW YORK TRIUMPH-*?!) NIGHTS.
EXTRA— AMERICAN VITOGRAPH.
IN MOVING PICTURES.
ELECTION RETURNS TUESDAY BY
MAMIE GILROY.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES— 7Sc. 50c, Be, 25c and 15c.
MATINEE— 15e. 25c. 35c and COc.
ALL SEATS RESERVED.
November 12 EUGENIE BLAIR
In "A LADY OF QUALITY."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mnteo Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S. F
W. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN,
President. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, 1899,
inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week-
cay, beginning at 1:30 p.m. Lust race at 4 p.m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE. Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 10:40 and 11:30 a, m.
Special race trains at 12:4), 2 : 0 and 2:45 p.
m., returning Immediately after the last race
and at 5 p. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— Arrive
at Tanforan at 12:60 p. m. Leave Tanforan at
3:10, 4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia
street ten minutes later than from Third
street. All trains stop directly at the entrance
to grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From Pan Francisco to Tanforan and return.
Including admission to grounds, $1 25. Single
round-trip tickets 40 cents. Holders of Asso-
ciation Badges may secure a twenty-four ride
upon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon
presentation of badges at Third or Valencia
street stations for $2 50.
Register all complaints without delay with
the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1 SO, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to u.e track In fif-
teen minutes.
Heturnir.K- leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President. '
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE, Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Divers,
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW
SATURDAY NIGHT! Reproduction of the
Last Round Of the CORBETT-FITZSIMMONS
Fight in conjunction with the JEFFRIES-
FITZSIMMON'S and PAL: GOVERN
contests.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
♦•MAYOR'S DAY" at the
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
SATURDfIY.Nov. -4-.
I2EO IN CASH to be thrown from the High
Wire at 8:30 and 8:30 p. m. Open scramble;
free for all. 25 Coney Island novelties in full
blast. Presents to every winner of races.
Handsome badge of your choice for Mayor
given to all. Make your favorite get a major-
ity number and see how the wind blows. Open
dally from 1 until 12 p. m. Admission to all
attractions and ride 10c.
• ,«r_fi___*fi_ 51s ** w * non-poi*nna«y
-*. jfirnHF^^^te h nt remedy for Gonorrhoea
>'§S*yCDHEB\jKI tJlcot, Spermatorrhoea,
_T.^~in 1 1* 6<l«7a-~H White*, unnatural dl«.
XrSm acarsatßod B ™"»rpe«. or anr inflnrnma-
/riJ&Tf not to scrictor*. tlon, irritation or uiirra-
H*» TfriroxitD oonuglon. tlon of mucous mem'
egITHCEVAN3CHtHm>ICO. brano «- N°D-**tri Be <-nt.
V^io'NCINHATI.O.ISSi «old by »raffxi»t«,
vMi«\ nil JflW or Bent D plalu wrapper.
H*&XJ ' •>*s£% by expreM.prrraid.fo4
<^»iliilA««JP «°_ l' M - or '■' bottlss, $2.74.
*v*<w#ffla&r%y » Circular teat »i» nxysai,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE* DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•tr«ngtb to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
HORACE DAVIS' GALLANT LEADERSHIP
OF THE MUNICIPAL REFORM FORCES
Phelan Appeals to Boss Rainey for Help From the
Fire Department— Demoralized Democratic
Nominees Ready to Knife One Another.
i INCREASING strength of the Davis
I column alarms the bosses.
Yesterday Boss Ralney passed the
I word along the line directing the Fire
■*■ Department to set out and save Phe
lan from defeat.
There Is no longer the shadow of doubt
that Mayor Phelan has committed, him
self to Ralney's management of the de-
I partment. The firemen have received In
! struction from their master to line up for
: Phelan and the nominees for the Board
I of Supervisors on the Democratic ticket.
As a Bure sign of the demoralization !n
; the Democratic camp, the- fact can be
; stated that messages on the quiet were
j conveyed yesterday to several nominees
i on the Republican ticket Indicating that
! the Fire Department boys would not
I stand out for the entire Democratic
ticket. As the election of John I^ackmann
j for Sheriff and Asa R. Wells for Auditor
; Is already conceded, by politicians of both
■ political parties. Boss Rainey Is anxious
1 to be in a position to aek for Republican
I favors.
The knifing of the Democratic ticket by
Ralney is already proposed. A straight
out Democrat with ordinary perceptive
i faculties ought to understand the drift of
■ things. Phelan is up against the hardest
I fight that ever confronted him. and he
j will leave no resource untouched to win
j out. If it becomes necessary to knife men
i on the Democratic ticket to secure a Phe-
I lan triumph, the knifing will be done by
Ralney and his gang without any qualms
of conscience. -When a Democrat as high-
I ly esteemed as Judge Magulre was knifed
to his political death in the house of his
pretended friends, does any one suppose
J that the political heelers and their leaders
' would hesitate to knife the Democratic
i nominees for Sheriff and Auditor. Re
publicans should beware of all trading
i overtures. A sweeping victory may be
won by Republicans if they will resolutely
j resolve to stand by the ticket from top to
, bottom.
It is perhaps unfortunate for the honest
j Democrats of San Francisco that they
! have no great morning newspaper to spe-
c ially advocate their cause and tell them
the truth— the inside regarding the
' attitude of Phelan, Rainey and McNab.
If such a newspaper were published it
would tell the Democratic voters that a
campaign on behalf of the Democratic
1 ticket is not being conducted at the head
quarters of the Democratic County Com
'< mittee in the Columbian building. A few
j old-timers go there, sit around or move
; about leisurely from one chair to an
! other. There is no bustle or activity at
i the place. Throngs of workers, animated
' by party zeal, do not come and go. Ap
i parently no effort is being mud.- to elect
the ticket. It must not be supposed that
Phelan is idle. He Is conducting a bureau
of his own creation, and In connection
j with the Phelan bureau, the Fire Depart
! ment, mastered by Boss Rainey, is work
ing. The scheme Is to elect Phelan, Dodge
! and Lane. Agents employed by Phelan
are making house to house visits to as
certain the names of electors in each dis
trict that intend to vote for or against
Phelan. _• . ..]
The Call, a Republican newspaper, num
bers among its subscribers thousands of
good Democrats, and therefore it becomes
a duty to point out to Democratic readers
that the Committee of One Hundred, with
headquarters in the Columbian building,
is not making any fight to speak of for
the Democratic municipal ticket. Rainey
at the St. George stables is giving out in
j structions to the Fire Department to
work for Phelan. Gavin McNab, in the
Mills building, is working for Phelan and
I Dodge, and bo it goes along the line. Poli
i tical principle Is thrown to the winds.
I The campaign has degenerated so far as
I the Democratic leaders are concerned to
; a mild and demoralized chase for public
office.
Every hour adds to the strength and
confidence of th. Horace Davis legions.
Retail merchants of Republican faith
who voted for Phelan in 1806 and again
in ISPS were somewhat Indifferent at the
beginning of the campaign, but It is grat
ifying to observe that the merchants are
awakening to a sense of their obligations
to the Republican party for the unexam
pled prosperity which the city enjoys.
The example of wholesale merchants In
the Indorsement of Horace Davis for
Mayor is being emulated by the retail
dealers.
The worklngmen of the city are all right
for Horace Davis. His leadership is wel-
I corned by the masses. South of Market
street he' will get a tremendous vote, In
i the Republican districts north of Market
street he will receive old-time Republican
■ majorities.
Mayor Phelan Is not so haughty and
domineering as lv was early in the cam
paign, when he denounced as traitors all
Republicans who discussed national is
sues. In his talk to, the Monticello Club
at Metropolitan Temple Friday evening,
I October 27, he gave notice in effect that
he considered as traitors all Republicans
! who could not vote the Phelan ticket, and
then proclaimed that such treasonable
Republicans should not be appointed to
| any governing commission under the new
charter if he were re-elected Mayor. In
that speech Phelan proclaimed himself too
small for the high office of Mayor under
the new charter.
The rallies last night In support of the
i Republican cause were enthusiastic. Pop
l^^^^/^^^^^^PfP^^^H^Bifeifcl" - * J I > f| I .--'^^fflßr^Mfii'^ .% i^rXr^^C.^ 3g"?
- ■ . ." - - ""* ' ■ ■ ■ ■■'.'..
DETHRONED BOSSES
INDORSE PHELAN
W11..L, the property-owners of
Ban Francisoc bear in mind
that the bosses of both politi
cal parties are shouting for Mayor
Phelan? Among the bosses re
cently dethroned was A. J. Ralsch,
chairman of the old Crimmins and
Kelly Republican County Com
mittee. He Is connected In busi
ness with Street Contractor J. \V.
McDonald. These contractors ex
pect that the public treasury will
be opened to pay for extravagant
plans of street extension if Phelan
shall be allowed to appoint the
Board of Public Works. Therefore
the Raisch & McDonald wagons
are placarded with Phelan signs,
and the contractors themselves
are throwing up their hats for
Phelan.
The Call desires to bring the
subject directly home to the tax
payers that the Fire Department
bosses, the rapacious street con
tractors, and the general crowd
of place hunters that thrive and
fatten on the taxes collected to
maintain the municipal govern
ment are lined up to help Phelan
and defeat good government under
the new charter.
When all the forces of bossism
and plunder are massed against
Horace Davis, it Is time for the
people to rally to his standard.
ular demonstrations under Republican
auspices will take place to-night at ihe
following places:
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, Mow
ry's Hall, corner I^aguna and Grove
streets.
Forty-fifth Assembly District, Harbor
Republican Club, Pacific Hall, Washing
ton street.
Forty-third Assembly District, Wash
ington Hall, corner Washington and Ma
son streets.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District, 140
Fourth st r, . t.
Republican Club. 930 Howard street.
Republican Club, 638 Folsom street.
BUSINESS MEN TURN
OUT TO HEAR DAVIS
issues of \\i% Campaign Made
Cleir at Pioneer Hail.
The issues of the present campaign were
never more clearly presented than at the
meeting held last night at ~ ioneer Hall,
nndt-r the auspices of the Horace Davis
Business Men's Club. S. H. Kent presided
and the hail and gallery were filled and
standing n >m was a 1 a premium long be
fore the lirsr speaker was announced.
\Viil San Francisco, which has profited
SO largely from the policy of the Repub
lican administration, slap that administra
tion in the face and say that It disap
proves that policy by electing the Phelan
ticket? That was the question put by
every speaker to every man in the audi
ence. That was the question each speak
er answered with a rousing "no," and the
applause that greeted the answer was
proof that it was the heartfelt sentiment
of the meeting.
"No!" thundered the speaker. "San
Francisco will not be so foolish as to do
anything of the kind. She will elect the
ticket beaded by Horace Davis and flash
the answer back to McKlnley that the
people of Ban Francisco, Idle when he
went Into office, approve of his policy that
has set them at work in the van of pros
perity."
Chairman Kent was in the midst of his
opening address, when Horace Davis en
tered the hall and ;h>- meeting broke otit
Into applause, to which tin- candidate for
Mayor bowed right and left as he walked
to the platform, where he was given three
cheers more. He was introduced almost
Immediately afterward, and began an ad
dress which showed that the campaign
was not wearing on his powers. He began,
addressing his hearers as business men,
by talking business. What the city need
ed, he said, was a business administra
tion.
"If I am elected Mayor," he said. "I
would first attend to what I deem to be
the essential requirements of the city, and
my first desire would be that the city
should have good Bewers, good hospitals
aiid good schools. The city government
is a great corporation and requires to l><
managed with the same prudence and
economy we practice In our own affairs.
1 do not believe it is good policy to run
the corporation Into debt. I do not believe
It Is good economy to spend money unless
you know what you are spending it for—
unless you can pet quid pro quo."
After eulogizing his colleagues on the
ticket Mr. Davis had something to say of
the administration's anxiety concerning
the San Francisco election.
"Now. my friends." he said, "the pros
perity of Ran Francisco is the result of
the wise policy of the Republican admin
istration. 4t is the wise protective policy
In the case of the manufacturer and the
expansive policy in the ease of the com
mercial interests— and I want to say to
you that the administration is asking you
to hold up its hands. It is looking with
anxiety to the result of elections in dif
ferent States and this flection far away,
the only sign to be seen on this coast
as to whether the people are in sympathy
with the policy of the administration. It
is looking: with anxiety to see whether
you are holding up its hands or whether
you are turning your backs upon this
prosperity and turn down the adminis
tration.
"Now, my friends, It Is not a matter of
indifference if it is telegraphed across the
continent on November 8 that San Fran
cisco has gone Democratic— that the city
that stood nearest to our new possessions
and profited most from its policy had
turned down the administration. I can
never believe that this city will be guilty
of such ingratitude and such lack of com
mercial intelligence as to put the Demo
crats in power on the 7th of November."
After three rousing cheers for Mr. Davis
D. E. MeKinlay was introduced to the
audience. He devoted himself, when not
interrupted by applause, to pointing out
the uses to which Mr. Phelan and Mr.
Davis had put their wealth. In the rec
ord of the present Mayor he found that
no industry had been started to help
labor. In that of Mr. Davis he found all
the capital Invested in enterprises em
ploying labor.
Attorney General Tlrey I^. Ford made a
telling argument in favor of the return of
the Republican candidates.
"The verdict of San Francisco on Tues
day next," he said, "will be heralded
throughout tills country either as an In
dication that San Francisco favors the
expansion of her commerce or that she
would join with Mr. Atkinson and Mr.
Bryan and others who would withdraw
from the Philippines and. cowardly, trail
back to our own home again. I do not
believe that the business men of San
Francisco are going to permit it. I do
not believe that the wage-earners are go
ing to permit it. I do not believe they
are going to turn hack the hands of pro"
grosy on the dial of events."
•>■ L. Nagle, candidate for Police Judge,
and G. Golden also made addresses.
MISSION DISTRICT
SOLID FOR DAVIS
Thirty=Fiftli District Republi
cans Hold a Housing Rally.
The Republicans of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District gave evidence last night
that the Mission Is going to roll up a
rousing big vote f<ir Horace Davis. The
rally held at Twenty-lifth and Valencia
streets was one of the largest, most
earnest and most enthusiastic political
gatherings ever hold in that section of the
City. I-tmg before the .speakers appeared
it was evident that the hall would not be
large enough to accommodate the citizens
who were anxious and proud to show
their fealty to the Republican cadidates
and Republican principles. A large
crowd, unable to find room inside, or
ganized an overflow meeting on the side
walk. When those inside applauded the
outsiders took the rue and made the Mis
sion ring with their cheers and shouts for
DaViS and good municipal government.
Tiie reception given Mr. Davis took on
the air ot an ovation.
W. Warren, president of the Thirty
fifth Assembly District Republican Club,
under whose auspices the rally was given,
presided. Without any preliminaries he
Introduced as the first speaker of the even
ing Lucius Solomons, who placed Horace
Davis in nomination before the Republi
can Municipal Convention. He Impressed
upon the audience the fact that the ap-
H< aching election Would be the most im
portant e\er held in the city, and dem
onstrated by an able argument that the
election Of Horace Davis was necessary
to show that the people of the West ap
prove the administration of President Mc-
Kinlfey and the principles of the Republi
can party. Mr. Solomons asserted that the
reason Mr. Phelan fought shy of national
politics was because lie had none. No
one, according to the speaker, had been
able to tell whether he was a gold or a
free-silver Democrat, ;; tree trader or a
protect irfnist, an expansionist or an antl
exjiansionist.
John Murphy, who was in the employ of
Horace Davis for eight years, said that
he felt it was a duty of gratitude he
owed the Republican candidate to rec
ommend him to his fellow workingmen.
"I am working for t'ncle Sam now,"
said Mr. Murphy. "You know he is a
pretty good boss, but from my experience
I know he is not a bit better than Horace
Davis. " He said that the Republican can
didate has always stood up to elevate
labor.
Colonel T. V. Eddy followed and made
an address that aroused all the enthu
siasm and fire in the audience. By way
i of Introductory he said that he never felt
' smaller in hts life. He had, by mistake,
found his way into a nearly Democratic
meeting and was preparing to make an
address when he discovered His error. He
said the issue of the campaign was not
home rule, as claimed by the Phelanites,
but as to who should rule.
HORACE DAVIS THE
CHAMPION OF LABOR
If the workingmen of San Francisco
have not forgotten the great work done
in behalf of organized white labor by
Horace Davis in years gone by his elec
tion as Mayor of this city is certain, for
they will vote for him almost to a man.
It is nearly twenty years since Horace
Davis served in Congress, and the record
he made while representing the people of
this section of the State in the national
capital lor four years made him the idol
of the white laborers of the coast.
That was when California was con
fronted with the problem at protecting
the labor of its wnite citizens from the
disastrous competition of swarms of Chl
i;. .-•■ coolies who were pouring into this
country from the Orient. In the great
battle for the restriction of Chinese labor
Horace Davis loomed up as the champion
of the laboring man, and it was through
his diligent and aggressive work that the
passage of the Chinese exclusion act was
linally secured.
Horace Davis was at that time fully
appreciated by the workingmen, and no
man in all California was more popular
cr better loved by the men who earned
their bread by the sweat of their brows,
Practically every labor organization in
til'- city adopted resolutions indorsing
him and praising him for the good work
he had dune and which he continued to
do as long as he remained in Congress.
The workingmen of San Francisco or
ganised torchlight parades and marched
"through the streets of the city shouting
the praises of Horace Davis With wild,
enthusiasm. In countless other .ways they
gave expression to their gratitude and
appreciation. Horace Davis was their
idol. .
Even before he was sent to Congress
Horace Davis was universally recognized
as. the true friend of the workingman; a
man whom they could trust and whose
word was as good as his bond; a man in
the wisdom of whose friendly counsel
they placed absolute faith, a faith that
was never shaken.
It is possible that time may have dulled
the memory of some . of those who knew
Horace Davis in those- days, but when
these incidents are recalled, to them they
will not fail to recollect that he was their
benefactor and their friend at all times
and under all circumstances.
The Horace Davis of to-day is the same
Horace Davis of twenty years ago. The
Intervening years have but added to his
For more Politics See Eleventh Page.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE CHAMPION OF STATE SOVEREIGNTY
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT A/WERICAN STATESMEN.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert Bushnell Hart, Professor John Bach >fc-
Ma?tPr, Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic \V. Speirs, Professor Andrew C. McLaugh
lln and others.
111. JOHN RANDOLPH.
(John Randolph of Roanoke was for
many years the most striking figure in
American political life. So great were
his vagaries that many believed he was
not wholly sane. He was born In 1773 and
died in 1533. In early life he gave signs
of his unbalanced nature, for before he
was five years old he would give way to
ungovernable fits of anger, swooning
from the violence of his passion. As a
boy, in a Southern slave-holding; com
munity, he grew up with little restraint
upon his naturally Imperious will. In
public life he placed little if any check
upon his temper, which manifested Itself
in Invectives of wonderful violence and
insolence, showing an utter disregard of
the feelings of those who were the vic
tims of his tongue lashings. Probably no
man in American public life has ever sur
passed him In rancorous abuse of politi
cal opponents. When a member of the
House of Representatives he would enter
the hall, tall and gaunt of figure, booted
and spurred, whi ;.'■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
in hand, and takcH
part at once ml
whatever b v sincssH
was going on, show-H
ing plainly his con-H
tempt for anythingM
or any person notH
suiting his fancy.M
Indeed, he was thel
very Incarnation nt *l
the slave mastnrH
spirit, a true expo-M
nent of "plantationH
manners," whi chH
are now happilyH
only a memory. J^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^JH
He entered puhlicM
life in 1799, when heH
offered himself forM
election to CongressM
as the champion °'H
State s o vcrelgnty.M
The period was al
critical one. ThoH
young nation hadH
been insulted byH
France, and a wavcH
of patriotic indigna-H
tion had swept overH
the land, bringing t >H
the unpopular Fed-B
eralists a great "P-H
portunity to streng-HJ
then themselves liyl
a firm but modi-rat.
course. This oppor-B
tunity they had ■■■■■■■■■
foolishly thrown away by passing the
alien and sedition laws, which at once
brought into play the determined ' hos
tility of the Republicans. The latter had
from the first dreaded the establishment
of a national government strong enough
to control and perhaps subvert the State
governments, and they believed that
these laws were a long stride In that di
rection. To meet this bold move of the
Federalists, and at the same time bring
Into prominence the State as an essential
factor in our scheme of government, the
Republican Legislatures of Virginia and
Kentucky, under the lead of Madison and
Jefferson, issued the Virginia and Ken
tucky resolutions. These resolutions de
liberately ignored the Supreme Court,
and proposed that the constitutionality
of an obnoxious law should be submitted
for decision to the several States of the
Union. This evidently transferred the
final exercise of sovereignty from the na
tion to the States. Had it prevailed the
national edifice reared by the convention
in 1787, and strengthened with such care
by Hamilton and the Federalists in Con
gress, would have fallen to the ground.
Washington, seeing the danger, prevailed
upon Patrick Henry to come forward in
defense of the national authority, and
this he did. though Teak from sickness
and years, with an outburst of patriotic
ardor which brought to mind his ancient
fire. This speech was answered by Ran
dolph, who upheld the sovereignty of the
States as against the nation, and this
was the first important occasion on which
he displayed that eloquence which was
always po effective with a Southern audi
ence.
He -went to Congress and was several
times re-elected by his faithful constltu
: ents. Once also he wns sent to the Senate
:to complete an unexpired term. The most
i important part of his Congressional ca
| reer began in 1801. The Republicans had
elected Jefferson and a majority of the
; House of Representatives, and so had
j come "into power," as we use the term.
! Macon of • North Carolina was chosen
I Speaker, and he appointed Randolph
' chairman of the Ways and Moans Com-
I mittee. In that position he was, as Trent
says, "one of the most efficient and thor
■ oughgoing party leaders on the floor of
' the House of Representatives that have
been produced since the birth of the na-
I tion." Later, during Jefferson's second
' term, he went Into opposition and became
the leader of a small faction called the
'■ "Quids," and thenceforth, in the words of
Trent, "was the most pertinacious and
personally dreaded free-lance in politics
1 that this country has ever known."
In ISOI the great obstacle in the way of
' the Republicans, who wished to keep the
| nation from gaining ground at the cx
i pense of the States, was the national
Judiciary, for as long: as the Federal court
i could interpret the laws of Congress and
! pass upon their constitutionality it had
the advantage in determining the relation
which national and State forces should
' bear to each other. Quite at the close of
John Adams' administration Circuit
I Courts had been organized and Judges
from the Federalist party had been ap
, pointed to rill the new places. To get rid
i of these Judges was the effort of the Re
! publicans, assisted by Randolph. It was
'- conceded that they could not be disposed
of by direct removal, nor by reduction of
I salary. The constitution too plainly for
i bade a resort to either method. But could
I not the Circuit Courts themselves be
I abolished? Such a question might have
i been expected from the Federalists, who
I stood boldly for a broad construction of
the constitution and for limiting the gen
eral Government to the exercise of those
'■■ powers alone which were plainly given to
it in the constitution. The right to abol
ish a Federal court could be found only
among those "implied powers" for using
! which the Federalists had been attacked
Iby the Republicans. But party expedi-
I ency prevailed over consistency, the Cir-
c uit Court system, in so far as it called
for a separate grade of Judges, was abol
ished by the repeal of the judiciary law
of 1801. and so the most important of
I Adams' "midnight appointees" were re
i turned to private life.
The next important administration
measure was the purchase of Louisiana,
and in supporting this Randolph went
even farther than Jefferson himself, for,
while the latter desired an amendment
to the constitution to legalize the pur
chase, Randolph considered an amend
ment unnecessary. That is to say, the
Republicans were at liberty to stretch the
constitution, although the Federalists had
been roundly denounced for doing the
Hrimo thing- while they were in power.
Furthermore, he approved of making the
purchase without any reference of the
matter to the States, although the large
increase in the number of the latter,
likely to be carved in future out of the
immense Louisiana territory, made the
purchase a matter in which the existing
Statea had the most vital interest. Hence
i in these two great matters— the repeal of
I the judiciary law and the purchase of
. Louisiana— Randolph's action contradicted
his avowed principles in the matters of
State sovereignty and a limited national
■ government
Courts of the lower grades might be
abolished by act of Congress, but the
Supreme Court could not be disposed of
■ in such an offhand manner, for it came
i into being not at the discretion of Con
gress but by express mandate of the con
: Ptitution. It was thus protected by the
very principle which had been used to get
rid of the Circuit Court— i. c., that the
i power to create carries with it the power
,to destroy. Accordingly, unless the eon
; ptitution were changed, the only way In
! which a Supreme Court Judge couM be
' removed was by impeachment. Doubtless
| the Republicans would have been glad of
! a good excuse to impeach John Marshall.
| the great Federalist Chief Justice, whn«n
decisions steadily tightened the coil of
' national supremacy around the Stato<.
i But he could not be charged with crimes
JOHN RANDOLPH.
and misdemeanors, and they were not
ready to use the serious process of im
peachment as a purely political weapon.
So they turned instead on one of his col
leagues, whose course had furnished some
basis for an attack.
Justice Chase of the Supreme Court wa3
a learned and upright Judge, who dis
charged his duties well in ordinary case: .
| But he was a violent partisan Federalist,
and permitted his party bias to be plainly
seen when matters involving party ques
| tions came before him. He thus incurred
| the hatred of the Republicans, and they
I set to work to remove him by the pr
of impeachment. The House appointed
managers, chief among whom was Ran
i dolph, and upon him fell the principal
I burden of conducting the prosecution. He
! could not have undertaken a task for
: which he was less fitted. The occasion
called for a thorough knowledge of law,
; and this Randolph did not possess. It
! also called for good judgment in deciding
j on the line of attack, and a dignified,
! forcible presentation of the case, and here
; again he was deficient. None of the arts
: of the political stump orator nor the pow
i ers of invective which he used so much
in the place of argument could serve him
now. At the bar of the Senate his au
: thority as leader of the House availed
! him nothing. Opposed to him as counsel
) for Chase were some of the foremost
! lawyers in the country, among them Lu
ther Martin, "the Federal bulldog," who
! enjoyed nothing more than exposing Ran
dolph's weaknesses. It was a rare oppor
j tunity for the Federalist champion to pay
I off old scores for his party. Randolphs
discomfiture was complete. Toward the
close of the trial he broke down, wan
i dering aimlessly in his talk, frequently
; complaining of the loss of hi? notes and
; practically throwing himself on the pity
| of those whom he had set out to instruct
I and convince. A more humiliating posi
tion could hardly be imagined for a man
of his imperious nature, accustomed to
rule and to bear down without mercy
upon those who came in his way. Judge
Chase was acquitted, the attack on the
Supreme Court failed and Randolphs
prestige received a blow from which It
did not recover.
For the sake of Randolph's reputation
it is pleasant to turn from his defeat to
his manly contest against the Vazoo
frauds. Theso constituted, in the early
part of the century, a famous political
scandal in which marly all the Legisla
ture of Georgia was implicated. Tho mat
ter at stake was the disposal of certain
great tracts of public land, in which It
turned out that the members of. the r.p-j>
lature had a pecuniary interest. Rand
exposed the scandal fearlessly. Into the
fight against corruption he threw himself
with fierce energy. When ho wished to
ruin a man politically ho would hring
against him the charge of being a "Ya
: zoo man." Indeed, in his bitter hostility
to everything "Yasoo" be wi nt too far,
for he opposed, and for a while prevented
a settlement of the matter by Conr
which aimed to protect innocent pu:
era of th«* hinds. But on the whole, this
part 01 his career showed in a favorable
light his personal honesty and the high
standard of service for men in public life
Upon which he then insisted.
His constructive work aa a statesman
consisted in laying tho foundations of
Southern political supremacy in national
(iffaira. This he did by making a skillful
| use of adherrneo to Stato sovereignty and
devotion to slavery, which were already
; characteristic of his section. Altta
' there was no necessary connection be
tween the two, yet on the whole they
wnt together, both growing stronger at
the South, while they were disappearing
at the North. Randolph saw that the two
could be made to support each other and
become the basis of a controlling force,
afterward called from its most obtrusive
i element the "slave power." In building
up this power Randolph was the forerun
ner of Calhoun. who elaborated his views
j and became tho chief agent in developing
at the South that attitude toward national
affairs which led for awhile to the dom
inance of that section, but eventually to
secession and the civil war. That, as we
know, led to the destruction of sla
and the doctrine of State sovereignty and
so to the complete overthrow of that
school of statesmanship which Randolph
| did so much to establish.
Tale University.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
r a fraction lower. Exchange os before.
eat dull and lower all over the world.
Barley dull, but large quantities being shipped.
( )ais quiet, but firmly held.
Corn dull Rye firm.
I >rx Hay continues in light supply and firm.
Slight decline in Rolled Barley.
Shipping demand for Beans still very fair.
loes and Vegetables unchanged.
■■:, cars of Eastern Poultry thus far' this zveek.
itne in fair supply and good demand.
iher decline in Butter. So change in Eggs and Cheese.
Wine Crapes lower and in bad condition.
■ ied Peaches declined and Plums aditanced.
visions as previously quoted.
Meet market unchanged.
Charters.
The schoor.»r "Wlnslow loads lumber at Ta- i
coma for Honolulu. I
Coinage of the Mint.
The October coinage of the local Mint was
J8.055.500. against J6.051.000 in October, IS9B.
and consisted of $7,960,000 •i double eagles, ;
$100,500 In '-dollars and J25.000 in dimes. j
The coinage for the first ten months of the
year amounts to . 6,136. against $24,214,034
for the same time last year.
Government Funds.
Julius Jacobs, assistant treasurer of the
United States at Pan Francisco, reports cash :
on hand in San Francisco October 31. as fol-
Vnited States notes *<- 7; 00
Treasury notes of IS9O 8b.4.>0 TO
National Bank notes 955 00
Gold certificates 641.540 00
Silver certificates 130.520 00
Gold coin 15.88 09
Standard silver dollars 30.9"*. 6R2 00
Subsidiary silver coin 58,256 15
Minor coin • 11.219 73
Total Ji7.778.690 07
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
In the month of October, 1599, were as fol
-1OWS: Lrd silver dollars $153,000
Standard silver dollars $103.P00
Subsidiary silver 133.230
Total P».»0
Iron Is Iron Nowadays.
The Commercial News pays:
"The scarcity of pig iron in this country
has led to purchases from Scotch producers,
and it is said that small reshir>ments have
been made from China and Japan, with further
engagements of 10.000 tons to be returned from
the latter country- The Iron thus secured was
Fold to Japan two years ago, In competition
With other countries, and will cost, laid down
at San Francisco, '16 75 per ton, leaving, at
the current rate for pis Iron, a margin of
$5 25 prints on the reshipment. Any old thinK
in the way of iron 1s worth Its weight. Cuban
cannon balls have been imported in quantity
at about Jls to $17 per ton, and a full cargo
of about 3000 tons has been hipped from Cuba
to Glasgow. The Philippines are also to be
drawn on for old iron."
Weather Report.
(150 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 2, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls to date as com
pared with those of the same date last season:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 5.P5 3.C7
Red Bluff 0.00 8.04 0.91
Sacramento 0.00 4.44 I.CO
Ban Francisco 0.00 3.91 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2.08 1.13
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 4.92 0.59
Los Angeles 0.00 1.57 CIS
fan Diego 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 0.08 0.18
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 52; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Coast. There are indications of the ap
proach of a storm over the North Pacific, but
it is doubtful if Its influence will be felt south
of Cape Mendoclno for the next twenty-four
hours. Rain has fallen along the Washington
coast.
Cloudy weather prevails generally over the
Pacific Coast.
Forecast made it San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 3, 1899:
For Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
light rain along the coast from San Francisco
northward: fresh southeasterly winds.
For Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
northwesterly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Friday.
For ITtah— Fair Friday.
For Arizona— Fair Friday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fri
day, possibly light drizzle in the morning;
threatening, probably showers at night; south
erly, changing to. fresh southeasterly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. The stock market took
on a show of great animation and strength to
day and some very striking net pains resulted.
The general list, however, though higher in
price at the close, developed little activity.
The operations which totaled 9.10,206 shares
Bold, were largely confined to the professional
element. The upward movement was obviously
based upon the notably easier tone of. the |
money market. The largest operations were
ny powerful pools and strong financial interests
which have command of money resources out
side of the usual money market circles. The
prevailing opinion in Wall street Is that prices
of stocks would move upward easily If the oh-
Btacle of stringent money were removed. The
large outstanding short interest In stocks has
been palpably uneasj- for some time past and j
any indication of relaxation In the tightness
of money makes them inclined to cover their
short contracts. The professional pool oper
ations in a number of prominent stocks to-day
were obviously directed against • ':•■ bear con
tingent and with good success. It Is very
probable, however, that the large buying at
other points is based on expectation of a rise
,in prices on account of a growing Interest in
stocks.
It is the period of the year in -which, under
normal circumstances, the extra uses for
■money In the moving of the crops begin to
show diminution, releasing large funds from
employment in stock speculation. Expert opin
ion, however. Is by no meanp unanimous that
funds will be released in the usual volume this
fall, owing to the marvelous expansion In busi- j
ngs. Outside the highly speculative indus- !
trials the movement in the railroads centered In j
the Southwestern group. The. special strength l
and activity In Southern Pacific helped the i
Southwestern and was based on current ;
rumors of readjustment of control. :
The belated movement in cotton was ■ factor
'of strength among Southern and Southwestern
railroads. There were special movements be
. Hides In Big Four and Che^peake and Ohio,
and some demand for the coalers.
The upward movement In the Iron and steel
Ftocks encountered difficulties hs did that In
Brooklyn Transit. Speculation in Leather con
tinued on an enormous scale, the stock rising :
an extreme 3%. Sugar was also very prominent
and rose at one time five points. There were
notable movements in Standard Rope, People's
Qua' and Manhattan. The extent of the ad
vance Invited heavy realizing, especially dur
ing the last hour and some stocks showed re
actions of between 1 and 2 points from the
highest, The general tendency was yielding.
In spite of a fresh advance In Southern Pacific
to 11% and in Chesapeake and Ohio to 23. Th«
upward Impetus nt the opening was caused by
higher quotations from London, and the effect
was exaggerated by the. circulation of a canard
alleging a disastrous defeat of the Boers at
Ladysmlth. Manipulation for the rise was very
apparent all day.
The bond market was active and strong, th»
demand being well distributed. Total sales,
par value, $3,395,000.
United States old 4« advanced *4 and the 3s
new, 4s and 6s % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid.
11.770 AtChlson 25
23,250 Atohison prefd 67% |
1,028 Baltimore & Ohio 53 j
200 Canadian Pacific 95% I
200 Canada Southern 63%
Central Pacific
23,300 Chesapeake St. Ohio 28%
8.950 Chicago Great Western „. 14%
7,6v0 Chicago Burlington & Qulney 134
110 Chicago Ind & Louisville 11%
Chicago Ind .v Louisville prefd 4.V 2 !
150 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96% I
300 Chicago & Northwestern 170% '
4.900 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 115%
12,835 C C C & St Louis M '
620 Colorado Southern 5%
3,545 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4714
1,135 Colorado Southern M prefd 17>*
3.620 Delaware i Hudson 123
3,466 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. l 92
Denver & Rio Grande 21 7 i
2,150 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76%
200 Erie 13%
150 Erie Ist prefd 351,4 .
1,025 Great Northern prefd 175
2iO Hocking Coal 184
Hocking Valley 30
510 Illinois Central 45%
125 lowa Central 14
200 lowa Central prefd 69%
6,271 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 8%
Lake Erie & Western It
Lake Erie & Western prefd 79%
Lake Shore 198 !
7,700 Louisville & Nashville 77%
26,135 Manhattan Elevated 111%
4,450 Metropolitan Street Railway 198%
8,225 Mexican Central 14%
100 Minneapolis & 31 Louis 71%
100 Minneapolis & SI Louis prefd 95 I
82,960 Missouri Pacific 49%
100 Mi bile & Ohio 46%
. 300. Missouri Kansas & Texas J3 ■> I
5.615 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 40%
6,100 New Jersey Central 12"«
1.000 New York Central 137%
14,290 Norfolk & Western 27%
2,625 Norfolk & Western prefd 7!-,
3,015 Northern Pacific 54%
675 Northern Pacific prefd 76%
5,620 Ontario & Western 28%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 :
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
5,020 Pennsylvania, ex dlv m>
1,000 Reading 21% :
15.12S Reading Ist prefd 61%
5,500 Reading 2d prefd :«»i
Rio Grande Western 35
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 81%
2,000 St Louis & San Fran lUn
100 St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 72%
1,050 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 89%
200 St Louis Southwestern 13 i
2.050 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
2,350 St Paul 127%
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 120
157.650 Southern Pacific 41%
6,500 Southern Railway 13%
1,788 Southern Railway prefd 67Vi
3.300 Texas & Pacific 19%
14,010 Union Pacific 97 T <«
600 Union Pacific prefd 774
4,750 Wabash 8%
14.110 Wabash prefd 22V4
9,125 Wheeling and Lake Erie 12
3,415 Wheeling and Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 31
519 Wisconsin Central 20%
Express Companies —
Adams 112
American 149%
United States 50
"Wells Fargo 130 !
Miscellaneous
2,050 American Cotton Oil 45%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
876 American Malting 11%
2,900 American Malting prefd 46%
1,100 American Smelting ft Ref 35%
1,350 American Smelting & Rel prefd.. 85%_
American Spirits 4'X
American Spirits prefd 17
437 American Steel Hoop 42%
1,400 American Steel Hoop prefd..... 82Vi
S.SSO American Steel & Wire 47%
455 American Steel & Wire prefd 93%
660 American Tin Plate 34
300 American Tin Plate prefd 82 ■
6,400 American Tobacco 122%
100 American Tobacco prefd 144
2,625 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
47,680 Brooklyn Rapid Transit •. 90%
8,175 Colorado Fuel & Iron 6«% I
12,825 Continental Tobacco 42%
2,627 Continental Tobacco prefd 93
34.450 Federal Steel 59
8,370 Federal Steel prefd 81»^
General Electric 122
210 Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd 99
200 International Paper 26
210 International Paper prefd 71%
2,200 Laelede Gas 77
200 National Biscuit 40%
National Biscuit prefd 90
627 National Lead 2''i
National Lead prefd 106
1. 65 National Steel 49
200 National Steel prefd 93
300 New York Air Brake 149
8,200 North American 13
1.222 Pacific Coast 63%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd &9
118 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68%
l.Of'O Pacific Mail (0
17.'.*') People's Gas 116%
200 Pressed Steel Car 58
Pressed Steel Car prefd S9>4
200 Pullman Palace Car 196
30,5?4 Standard Rope & Twine 14%
122,960 Sugar 157%
Sugar prefd 117%
3,325 Tennessee Coal & Iron 118%
104.975 United States Leather 84%
19,925 United States Leather prefd... 83
LO6O United States Rubber 48%
United States Rubber prefd 112
2,020 Western Union 89
1,000 Republic Iron & Steel 2514
430 Republic Iron & St*-e! prefd 70
P C C & St L 74
950,200 Shares sold. |
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2da 71%
I" 8 3s reg 107% M X & T 4s 93%
U S 3s coup 107% N V Central 15t5. .112%
U P new 4s reg....!29>4 N J Cen gen 55. ..119%
U S new 49 c0up.. 129% N Carolina 6s 127
U S old 4s reg 111% N Carolina 4s 104
U 5 old 4s coup. .112% No Pac lets 113
U S 6s reg 110% No Par fa 66%
U S 5s coup 110*1, No Pac 4s 102%
Dis of Col 3. 655.... 117 N V C & St L to.. 105%
Ala class A ...IOBIN & W con 4a 92%
Ala class B 10S N & W gen 6s 136
Ala class C 101 [Or Nay lets 115
Ala Currency 100 Or Nay 4s 104
Atch gen 4s 98% Or Short Line 65. .12$
Atch adj 4s 53% Or S L con ...114%
Can Sou 2dp 108 Reading Gen 45... 87% \
Ches <fc. Ohio 4%5.. K% R G W lsts 96
Ches & Ohio 55....119% iS L & I M Con 55. 110%
C & N Con 7? 145 SL& S F Gen 65. 124%
C A N B F Dob 58.106% St Paul Con 169
Chic. Term 4e 97%|St P C A P 15t5...120
D & R G lsts 106 St PC & Pss 120% i
]> ft R O 45... 99'.£!Sou Ry 5s 108%
! E T V * G lstß.. lo3?. Stand R & T 65.... 86
j Erie Gen 4s 71 Term new Bet 35... 94 I
; F W & D C lsts.. 80 ! Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114%
j Gen Elec 5s 119 Tex & Pac 2d5.... 56
■; H * S A 65....t08 Union Pac 4s 103%
I G II & B A 2ds....lC9%; Wabash lsts 113%
11 & T Cent ...11l Wabash 2ds 100% j
H & T Cen Con 65. 110 1 West Shore 4s. 113
lowa ('en lsts 115% Wls On lsts 76
(KCPtQ lsts.. 78% Va ' Centuries 85%
' La new con 45... .106 Va deferred 5
I L & N Uni 4* 100% Colo & Sou 45...... 85
MINING STOCKS. \
Chollar 2R Ontario 7 75
Crown Point S Ophlr 57
Con Cal &Va 1 Plymouth 10
DeadWOOd 70 Quicksilver ] 50
Gould & Curry 281 Do prefd 725
I Hale & Norcross... Sierra Nevada 35
H..ir.eMßke 66 00 Standard ..: ; 250
, Iron Sliver E«! Union C0n.....'.."." 25
Mexican 20 Tel low Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money ( Do. prefd ....115
, Call loans 5%(g6 Westinghs Elec... 46
rime loans 5 06%. Do prefd 64%
. St^ ck , T c. ™- Wisconsin Central. 20%
Atch T & St PV... 28 ; Dominion Coal 47%
Do prefd 67 1 Do prefd 1172
American 5ugar... 157% Bonds— •
IX> prefd ..117& A.tchlsoa ......... 88%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1899.
! Bell Telephone 87S \ Mining Shares-
I Boston & Albany. .2T.o | Adventure 6
1 Boston Elevated... 107 .Allouej; Mm — 3%
Chi 1? & Q 134 (Atlantic 26%
Edison Eleo 111 208 Boston & Montana.32o
Fltchburg ...ll'j%;Butte & 805t0n.... 65 \
General Electric... l2l Vi Calumet & Hecla..76ii
Do prefd.. 139 jOntennlal 24%
Federal Steel 5914 Franklin 17
Do prefd Sl%iHumboldt 1
i Mexican Central... 13% i Osceola 66
: Mich Telephone... .lo6 Parrot 45%
N V &. N m prefd. lo6 Qulncy 150
Old Dominion 207 St Fe Copper 8%
lOr Short Lino 19 Tamarack 212
i Rubber 4S l >i!Winona 8%
Union Pacific 47% j Wolverines 41
Union Land 1 * Utah 35%
West End 92Vii
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. Money on call firm at
4%@S per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; ruling
rate. 8 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6
per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 8«%l«4 87 for
demand and at $4 52%@4 83 for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 84 and $4 88. Commercial bills,
$4 82%. Silver certificates. 55%@59%c. Bar sil
ver. 58c. Mexican dollars, 47%0. Government
bonds, strong. State bonds, inactive. Railroad
bonds, strong.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHTNGTON, Nov. 2.— To-day"s statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $289,886,638; gold reserve.
$253,131,197.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here had a better tone at the
beginning of the session, but were idle and
relapsed in the afternoon on the hardening of
money rates and want of news from the Trans
vaal. Consols were steady until near the close,
when they fell 3-16 c.
Spanish 4s reached 63»i on what was con-
Bldered Rood French buying. Tlntos were 45M,,
Inacondas 9; both ex-dividend.
icari securities were strong throughout
the session, the leaders beint? Louisville, South
ern Pacific, Southern and Atchlson preferred.
The Bank of England has raised Its price for
p. Id to 77s %d. There Ik a good Continental
ud for specie, but no supplies. Money
was choppy.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Union Pacific preferred.
Northern Pacific. 7S»,c; Grand Trunk.
• naconda, 9; Atchison, 23H- Rar Silver,
. 2C 11-16 d. Money, - 1 -.- per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, j
21,000; exports, 18.159. Sales, 12,000 packages.
More active but easier under larger offerings
following the further decline in Wheat. Min
nesota patents, S3 75@4 10; winter extras, $2 55@
2 90.
WHEAT— Receipts, 32,975; exports, 93,800.
Sales, 1,675,000 futures; 232,000 spot; spot quiet; ;
No. 2 red, 74 ; 2 <- f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 j
northern Duluth. 7Sc f. o. b. afloat to arrive ;
! new: No. 2 red, 72% c elevator, Options opened |
weak at a decline of %c under local liquidation I
■ and renewed selling for short account. In the
: absence of outside support and following dls- :
! appointing cables, forecast of larger receipts 1
; and unsatisfactory export demand. The mar- ]
ket further declined %c, but reacted partially 1
and closed easy with %@%c net decline; May j
closed at 77% c; December, 73 l ,t'g'74 l-16c, closed
at 73% c.
HOPS—
. HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet. ~.
METALS— Weakness and apathy were the i
leading characteristics of the Metal market j
again to-day. Buyers were hard to find while 1
sellers urgently offered their holding at lower
prices without finding a market. Unfavorable
: cables and further depressing news from the
West were largely to blame for the weakness.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
! PIG IRON— Warrants lower to sell at $17 60® :
IS 00.
COPPER— Lake dull at $IS.
TlN— Very weak, with $30 25 bid and $30 50
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $1 57% bid and $4 62%
asked.
SPELTER— Weak, with $4 80 bid and $4 90
■ asked.
The brokers' price for Lead is $4 40, and for
Copper $17.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet. 5 to 10 points,
higher on firm European cables, large ware- '
house deliveries In this country and decided In- i
crease In spot demand. Sal-- . 15,500 bags, In- !
eluding December, $5 2f.fia SO: January, 88 85;
February. $5 45; March. $5 455/5 50: April, $5 60;
May. $5 55; July, $5 70; August, $5 70@5 75:
September, $5 75@5 SO. Spot Coffee firmer; mild
firm.
SUGAR— firm: fair refining, 31 3-lSc;
centrifugal, 9G test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
3 9-lfic. Refined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2183 packages; firm;
Western creamery. 17<S24c; June creamery. 17@
i 23c; factory, 14%@16Hc.
EGGS— Receipts, 5428 packages; steady; West
j crn ungraded at mark, 14fflSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— California Dried Fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6c; prime
wire tray, 7%!gßc; choice, 8%@8%c: fancy, !
B%f;9c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— ll©15c; Moorpark, lE@lsc.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Porter Bros. Co.'s pales
r.f California Fruit to-day: Grapes — Tokays,
66c@$l 70 single crate; Emperors, $1 40.
NKW TORK, Nov. 2-— Porter Rros. (k Co.'s
pales of California Fruit to-day: Grapes—
Cornlchons, 8125Q2 25 slnble crate. iZ 2." double
1;; Tokays, tl 06(31 60 «ingle cratea |
290 doable crates; Muscats, 81 05*31 5u single
crates; assorted, SI 3',; Verdells, II 25. Pears—
]'.. Cla\rgeaus, $1 55<g3 10 per box; Duchess,
$1 SO; Bartletts, 6C>c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. Wheat opened weak and
' showed very little recuperative power. Prices
i remained below yesterday's level throughout
! the session. Nearly everything was against
: the market and long Wheat came out In large
quantities. The principal weakening Influence
was the excess of visible stocks this year com-
I pared with last and the fact that dally ad
• ditions are being made to the oversupply. At
j this time last year there were but 15,000,000
bushels in the visible, whereas now there are
40,000,000 bushels. Of this amount 20,000,000
bushels are stored in Chicago against only 3,
--000,000 a year ago. Heavy cables and the
promising condition of the winter Wheat, to
gether with an excessively slack cash demand,
encouraged the selling movement. Near the
end of the session covering by shorts started
a slight rally, but the market closed weak
within %c of the bottom. December opened
%c lower at 69 1 ,t,'569%c. sold sparingly at 69% c,
declined to 6S%e and closed with sellers at
68 7 /t,c.
Corn was active but weak with Wheat.
Light clearances, a slow cash demand and an
estimate by a prominent statistician that the
world's corn crop would amount to 2.605, 000,000,
against 2,446,000,000 bushels last year, also en
couraged selling, under which the market de
| clined steadily until late in the session, when
claims of disappointing husking returns, to
gether with covering by shorts caused some
reaction. December closed at 307b<&'31c.
Sympathy with the other grains and heavy
commission-house selling of the December op
tioned weakened Oat«. New estimates which
! made a considerable Increase In the world's
I supply of Oats also had a depressing influence
December closed at 22%@22%c.
! A larger decrease In stocks than expected
I strengthened Provisions early, but the market
! finally yielded under heavy selling by pack
j ers. 1 The weakness In grains was also a handi
cap. January Pork, after an advance of 10c
closed a shade lower at $9 60. January Lard
a shade lower at $5 25 and January Ribs a
shade higher at $4 90®4 92%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
December 69% 83V* ■ 68% 68 7 *
May 73% 73y* 72% 72%
Corn No. 2—  "w .
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
January • 31 31% 30*; 31
May 32% 32% ' 32& 32%
•Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24 24 . 23% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December .....8 Or. 8 07% 800 8 02%
January .....9C2% 970 960 960
. Lard, per 100 1 pounds —
December....; 510 5 12% 5 07% 5 07%
January 5 27% 30 6 26 5 23
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December ....4 82% 485 4 82% 4 82%
January 4 92% 495 490 4 92%
Cash Quotations -were a* follows: Flour
quiet and easy; No 2 spring wheat. 69@
7lo; No. S spring wheat, 63<570c; No. 2
red, 63(5>70%c; No. 2 corn. 31» 4 c; No. I
oats, 23c; No 2 white. 26c: No. 3 white, 24%@
2*>c; No. 2 rye, 51% c; No. 2 barley, 39@44c: No.
1 -flaxßeed. $125%; prime timothy seed, $. 30;
mess pork, per barrel, $S@B 05: lard, per 100
pounds, $.-, 17%<55 20: short ribs sides (loose).
$4 7606 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 i.i
O6 87%; short clear sides (.boxed), $5 35@:> 40;
whisky, distillers , finished goods, per gallon.
$1 24. .
Artlclee— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.000 19.000
Wheat, bushels 162.000 11.000
Corn, bushe-ls 441.000 513.000
Ontß, bußhels 365,000 569.000
Rye. bushels 140.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 164,000 49,000
On the Produoe Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16«r23c: dalrj'. iv*
19c. Eggß. steady; fresh, 17@17V4& Cheese,
Steady; creams, liAi@l2Vic.
Foreign Futures.
<>- *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Deo. Mar. May.
Opening 6 10% 5 11% 6 11%
Closing 5 10% 5 11% 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening IS 00 19 00
Closing
Flour—
Opening 24 30 25 55
Closing v
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Cattle— The demand for
Cattle to-day did not keep pace with the In
creased receipts, and prices weakened for the
! general run. firmness being confined to choice
i heavy beeves. Good to fancy grades sold at
I $5 30®6 70; common to medium, $4@5 45; stockers
and feeders, $2 7f><Q>4 80; cows, heifers and bulls,
$1 75rg>6 1O : Texans.' $3 40@4 10; calves, $4.@7 90.
Hogs— There was a fairly active demand for
Hogs, and heavy lote were steady, but light
weights were largely 5c lower, and pigs were off
MilQr. Fair to prime lots. $4 12V4®4 27% ; heavy
packers $3 75@4 10; mixed, $3 J6®4 22^;
butchers'. $4^4 26; light welghta, $3 96^-4 22Vs ;
pigs, $S tO(7M 10.
Sheep— There was an active demand for sheep
and lambs once more at the recent advance In
prices. Sheep were wanted at $2®2 75 for In
ferior up to $4 2554 50 for good to choice, and
W extern yearlir.KS brought $4 65@4 80. Lambe
were active at %¥s?< 85; rangers at $4 50^)6 60.
li-elpts— Cattle, 9000; Hogs, 29,000; sheep,
19,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2.— Clearings, $892,100; bal
ances, $62,555.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2.— ln the local Wbeat
market to-day there was a continuation of the
i Indifference that has been apparent all the
i week. Walla Walla was quoted at 54''g55c. and
1 reports from the interior were to the effect that
;%c more had been paid. Valley Is nominally
The total foreign shipments of Whea^ from
Portland for the week ending to-day were JOO,
--191 bupht-ls.
WASHINGTON.
i TACOMA Nov. 2.— Wheat dropped 2c to-day.
! Club, 63% c; Blue Stem, 57% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. J.-ConsolS, 103 13-165:104 1-16;
cllver, 86li-l<d: French Rentes, 10M 45c®10Of
40c; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers indifferent
operat"r;=: cargoes on passage, rather easier;
English country markets quiet.
LIVERPOOL Nov. 2.— Wheat, dull; >o. 1
standard California, 6s Bd@6s 3'^d; French
country .markets closed.
\ COTTON— Uplands, 4d.
CU 'SING.
! WHEAT— Spot No. 2 Red Western winter,
dull fis lOVjd; No. 1 California, 6s 3d@6s 3Vsd;
No. 1 Nortnern Spring, dull. 6a id.
' CORN— Spot American mixed new. quiet, 3s
.v v ! old, quiet, 3s 5%d. Futures— Steady ; No
vember 3s 4^d; December. 3s 5%d; January. 3s
1 5%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bidhon.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 Si
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4
Sterling Cables — < N|
I New York Exchange, sight — 12
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — lv
Mexican Dollars *8 4SV*
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 68
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHE-AT— The General de Charette takes for
Hull 8810 ctls, valued at $9300.
The market is lower again, both on and off
call.
Chicago declined under a drop of Ha at Liver-
There was considerable stop-lose selling.
The Cincinnati Price Current reported that the
winter Wheat was better. Minne
apol i reported a weak cash market, with three
shut down. There were no signs of an
.-xj- irt demand. Weekly puts at 69c helped
c n what to hold up the market. There was
s,imi- liquidation, however, and the Southwest
was a moderate buyer at the decline.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $105; milling, $1074'??
1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2.,., , ,■:- M 07%; 0)00, $1 07%; 4000, $1 07%. May
■
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 14»i.
Regular Morning Session— May— Booo ctls,
$1 14%; 4000. $1 14%: 2000. $1 U%. December—
24, -. Jl 074; 2t«o. $107S; 12,000, $107%.
Afternoon Session — December — 20,000 ctls,
| Ma} 10.000, Jl 15.
BARLEY- -Although the market Is dull on
the spot, there la a good shipping movement.
I The Rourhakl takes for Bristol 67,413 ctls, val
| ued at $56,626; the Dlmsdale, for Cork, 63.664,
ni 160,501 md the Genera] de Charette, for Hull,
i E9,13* ctle, at $66,200. In addition the Clavedon
i tiik'-s r.'.742 ctls and the McMahon 47,173.
Feed Is lower. Offerings are larger and neg
lected.
Feed, 7 r /??er:c; Brewing and shipping grades,
; i hevalicr. nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99—2000
ctls. B6c
Seconi Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
S6',4c; 4000, S6%c. Seller '99—2000, 85% c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The situation remains unchanged, the
market being quiet but firmly held. White.
8110@130; Red. $1 07%@l 17%; Gray, $1 07%@
117%: Black, 97%c@$l 10.
CORN— large Yellow, $105@107%;
White. $105<f?1C7%; mixed. $1 02%<f 1 05 per ctl.
RYE— 01% c per ctl. Holders are firm,
but the demand Is light.
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 8987 bbls Flour. .
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers extras. %3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for
extra, $3 25<&3 40 for bakers, and $2 25&3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25-
Oat Groats 54 50; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. 8404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 05<g6 45; in sacks, $5 85@6 25;
Pearl Baney. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
There Is no further change in Feedstuffg, ex- I
cept a slight decline in Rolled Barley. Hay
continues firm for choice dry stock. The cir
cular of Somers & Co. says:
"Again we note a week of light receipts, j
even lighter than for the week preceding, the |
total amount received for the week being about
2500 tons. There Is still the cry from all sec
tions of the country for cars for the shipment
of Hay. and, no doubt, if plenty could be se
cured shipments would be heavier.
"Much of the Hay now coming in Is re- ;
ceived In a damaged condition, and is being j
worked 'iff with much difficulty and then only
at very low prices. Good Hay in a dry condi
tion Is selling fairly well, and for choice Hay
we note a very good market with prices some- j
what higher. We think that after the damaged
Hay is cleared oft the market we will
tee somewhat better prices for all grades of
Hay, although we do not expect any material
advance.
"About 600 tons of Alfalfa have arrived dur
inK the week, most of which has been received
In a damaged condition. It is very hard to dis
pose or this Hay, even at very low prices, but
sound Alfalfa Is bringing good figures. When
the damaged Alfalfa has been disposed of we
expect the market for this grade of Hay to ad
vance somewhat."
BRAN— SI7(9I7 50 per ton. . -
MIDDLINGS— SI9(ff2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-- Rolled Barley, ?IS@lB 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, 826027; Jobbing.
$27 50® 23; Coooanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal.
$23 60@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
jlf r>oft;l7; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $B®9 50 for common to good
and $10010 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50
©10; Oat, $7@9 50: Barley, $5#S; Alfalfa, $5@
7 60 per ton; Compressed. $7 50@» 50 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
"While the shipping demand for Beans is not
as pharp as it was It is still good and keeps
prices from declining. A good many are com
ing in soft, owing to the rainß.
BEANS— Baycs $2 s<)@2 60; small White. $2 S.>
©2 95; large White, $2 30®2 40; Pinks. $2 35<9:
2 4S; Reds. $3 Bo©3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; But
ters, $3; Lima, J4 90^)5; Pea, $2 75@3; Red
Kidneys. $2 60^2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, B®3%c; Yellow
Mustard, 4@4Hc; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3ftc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, 2V£@?.c; Hemp, 4@4M;c;
Timothy. 4ft4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 75
©'1 S3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Yesterday's market was dull and featureless.
POTATOES— River Reds, 55@6Sc; Burbanks,
40<S€5c per ctl; Salinas Hurbanks, $I@l 25; Ore
gon Hurbanks, 75c®f;l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c for
Rivers ana $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 6Ora7."e ocr ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4c per 1b:
String Beans, BQ6c; LJma Beans.
Cabbage, 35ig40c; Tomatoes, BOQ4tOc; Egg Plant,
3:/(i. *>ne; Dried < >kra. 12'/jc per lb: Garlic, •-■.;■.■
Green Peppers. 36®78c per box: Carrot*
per sack; Cucumbers, 40@50c; Marrowfat
Squash,' »»«J>lo per ton; Mushrooms, 10@20c per
lb for choice and 3@So for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Seven cars of Eastern have come In thus far
this week, and of course prices for all descrip
tions are depressed in consequence. Dressed
Turkeys are meeting with a fair demand.
Game sells along smoothly at about the old
quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13'al4c fnr Hens; Young Turkeys 15®
17c; Dressed Turkeys, 15«flSc: G^ese, per
pair, $150'g175: Goslings. $150<g!175; Durks,
$4f?4 50 for old and $4 50tf?5 50 for young;
Hens. $4(&'5: Young Roosters. $3©3 60; Old
Roosters, $3 50<ij'4; Fryers, $3<s>3 25; Broilers,
$3#3 25 for large., 12^3 for small; Pigtons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for
Squabs.
O\MB— Q'ia'l $1 sofffi 75; Mallard. 16Q7: Can
vasback. $«^-9: Sprig, $3@3 60: Teal, $3;
Widgeon, $2'g2 50: Small Duck. $2©2 25; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare $1 50-ql 75; Rabbits. $175;
Gray Geese, i 50®4: White, $150; Brant, $150
-S2 60; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, $1 25&1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues to decline. Spot stocks are
very unevenly distributed, some houses being
heavily overstocked, while others have very
little on their floors.
Eggs and Cheese remain as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 26i£(3 1 27% c; sec
onds, 25!g260.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 22@24c;
common, 21c.
Pickled roll, 22@24c; firkin, 21522% c; cream
ery tub, 22V5<324c.
Ea3'.?rn— l7Slßc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin: Oregon ladle. 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 114 c; old, 10Vi@
lie; Young America. HHc; Eastern, 14-gisc.
EGGS— Quoted at 25®32V4c for store and 37V4®
400 per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 28090 c for
selected. 25Q27Vic for No. 1 and 2Q<sf2H»ic for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Winn Grapes are lower and slnw of sale. They
are little better than swill now, being wet,
moldy and decayed. First crop goods have dis
appeared. There is no change in table Grapes.
All other fruits remain about as before.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Applet S6@flSc per b-ix for common; 75c@|l
tor rood to choice nnd $1 25®1 SO for fancy.
BERRIES — Blackberries. $6 per chest;
Ptrawlierries, per chest for small and
$1 50f?fi for largo berries; Raspberries. $4(ST> r,O
per chest: Huckleberries, s<H"c per lb; Wiscon
sin Cranberries. $« Bo@7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries $7 TiO^S r.O; Coos Bay Cranberries,
Jil 50 per barrel and *L'Tj2 25 per box.
Persimmons. 75c@$l per bnx.
Q r apee i ■• • per box; crates sell l<yftisc
higher; Wine Grapes, $12-520 per ton for all
kinds.
P< nieKranates. "rTis\ 2. per box.
Winter Pears. Wc@sl B0 per box.
Quinces ;.'■/•■"•• |per (■• ■■.
CITRI'S FRT'ITP— Navel Orang»s, $4 50 per
b.,x; Panama Oranges, $3 50 per 100; Lemons,
75c05l E0 for common and $2fi3 50 for good to
. h ilce; Mexican Limes. J4: California Limes,
: Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
Q per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Peaches are quiet at a slight decline. Apples
continue firm. There is a good call for pitted
Plums. Nuts cc ntinue firm and in demand.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4*; c for I
JO-GO'S, 4^c for 50-60' 3%c for 60-70's, 3Uc for j
70-So"s 3c for SO-00's and 2%c for 90 100" Apri
cots. ll@l3c for Royal?, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12@Uc for Blenheims; Peaches, 6@
oVfec for Standards. 6((7CV4c for choice and Tc for
fancy; peeled Peaches. ll®13c; Evaporated
Apples 6V<>^7V4c; Sun-dried, 4%ffisc per 1b: Nec
tarine*. S(g9c per lb for red: Pears, 6%@Sc for
quarters and Sr,ilOc for halves; Black Figs. 3@
3V4c: "White Figs. 4@6c: Bleached Plums, Bfts%c;
Unbleached Plums, 6'iS^c for pitted and lVs'S'
"■.. c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 80; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
! Fancy, per lb, BVic; choice, T^ic; standard, 6^c
i prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless.
I 50-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, ,'i 2 c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
I 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping polnt3
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts— Walnuts. ?<f?9c for
i standards, and 9^<gioc for softshell; Almonds
l'.i,-,,i2'..c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
5c for hard-shell: Peanuts. ss4(s'G»ic5 s 4(s'G»ic for East
ern, and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts. SH@9c-
Filberts, ll@HVic: Pecans, 7V2'(fSc; Cocoanuts,
$4 504 '
HONEY— Comb, llUc for bright and lO^e for
light amber: water white extracted, 7v«''j 7'« - •
I light amber extracted. 6%@7c; dark, sy.~c per
lb. - : -
1 BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy,
y....1!ic for light medium. H%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams, 13Vjc;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra. Mess, $12 50;
Family. $1*: extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra
clear, $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 123
LARD— Tierces quoted at fi'fffi^c per lb for
compound and 7M;C for pure: half- barrels, pure
8c - 10-lb tins. S?*c: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%@-7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll@HV&c; medium, 10Hc; light. 9^c;
Cowhides. SHOlOc; Stags, «%©7%e; Salted Kip,
9V4c; Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands, 13c: Dry Kip and Veal, 15',4@16c; Dry
Calf 17@18c: Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@-30c
each; short Wool, K@6oc each; medium. 70® 90c;
long Wool. 90c@?l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
J2(iTS for large and $1 25©1 50 for small; Colts,
"'TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ■ 6%@6<4c per ib;
No. 2. 4V4@sc; refined, — -; grease, 3Hc
\\< iGL—
Fall clip— San Joaquin plains. 7%@9c; South
?m 7@loc; Middle County. 10(j?12%e: Humboldt
and Mendoctno, 15©16 c; Easterti Oregon, Il@l5o;
Valley Oregon, lS©18c: Northern Mountain,
free, Il<!il3c; Northern Mountain, defective. 9@
lie per lb.
HOPS— per !b.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6Vj@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%c
I Pe LAMB-Spring. 7%(fTSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s^c for small, 6H@s%c
for medium, and s@3Vic for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders. sc: dressed Hogs, 7@3%c.
. . ■
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7^c; Wool
Bags, 28@30c; Fruit Bags, 6c. G^c and fi%c for
the three trades of white and 7Vsc for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, ?6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$S; Scotch. ; Cumberland, $9 75 in bulk and
$11 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egs
$13; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs an.t
Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, |13 per ton In bulk
and $15 In sacks.
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net c;ish. In 100-lb bags-
Cubes, A Crashed and Fine Crushed, i^c; Pow
dered, r>%c; Candy Granulated, 5o; Dry Granu
lated, 4vi,c: Confectioners 1 A. 4%c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4'ic; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4>4c; barrels, I-160 more; half barrels fee
more; boxes. ' /2 c more; 50-lb bags. He more
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels sr-4c5 r -4c- boxes
6%c per lb.
Imports from the Islands in October were 26,
--191,500 lbs.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2
Flour, qr sks ... 7, 200 : Hay, tons 654
Wheat, ctls ..... 16.10!) Hops, bales ..... 7
Barley, ctls .....221,406 Wool, bags 310
Cheese, ctls ..... 231 1 Pelts, bdls 1014
Butter, ctls ..... 147 Hides, bdls ...... 935
Tallow ctls ..... 271 Egg*, doz ... ;: 4 020
Rye, ctls 12.310 : Raisins, bxs ..... 750
gats, ctl , .... • "'* Sugar, bbls ... »97
Beans, sks ....... B.oSOiSusar, sks 2 600
Potato s ska ... 7.41S Quicksilver, risks 2SO
Onions, sks . 527 Leather, rolls ... 51
Bran, sks 736 Wine. Rain .' 33,000
Middlings, sks .. 400 Lime, bbls ...... 91
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 400|
THE STOCK MARKET.
A slight advance in Giant Powder to $85 23
was the only noteworthy change In securities
on the morning session. Business was good.
Trading on the afternoon call was heavier
than for some time and fluctuations were more
numerous. Giant Powder led in activity and
advanced from $S5 25 to $87. Gas & Electric
sold briskly at $60@53 62%. Another active
stock was Hutchinson Plantation at J2S 50@
2& 57%. Hawaiian Commercial sold at $95 ami
Hana at $10 75&11 12%. Oceanic was weaker
at $90 50.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Nov. 2-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I 1> -1 A ■■<
U S Bonds— Ecjuit G L Co. 5% 5%
<3 quar coup.. — — i Mutual El Co. — 14%
4s quar reg.... — — OG L & H.... — 48
I4s quar new... — 131V4 Pac Gas Imp.. — 61
i 2s quar coup.. — V>B% rae Light Co.. 41
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 59% 60
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran i .>%
C C Wat 55.... — 109 i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Kd L & I' 65.130 — ' Insurance—
F&CI Ry 69.115 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 j Bank Stocks—
HC & S ..1074 — Anglo-Cal fis —
L ARy 55....105y«106& Bank of Ca1... 406% —
L, AL Co 65.. 99 - Cal 81) * T.. - —
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — First National — 245
Do gtnd 55.. — — Lon P & A.. 123 —
I- A& P R 55. 104 — ! Mer Ex — 16
Market-st 65...127 — i Nev Nat 8k..:i53%1&0
L>o list M 55.. 118 — ! Savings Banks—
N C N c, X 75. 113 — ! Ger S & L...1700 —
N Hof Cal 65.114 - | Hum S & 1,. .1050 1160
N Rof Cal 65.U2%11314 Mut Bay 8k... 39 —
iNP CR R 65. 11 l — S F Say 1,\..5u0 —
NPC H X 55. 107 108 Say & L So.. — 52%
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Sec Say Bk.. - 310
OGL & H 6s. — 110 Union T C 0..1400. .1400 1440
Dak Tran 65... 113 Street Railroads-
Ocean S S 68.105 106 California ....121 124
Om C Ry 88.. .126 - I Geary 50 —
P&CI Ry 65..107%110 Market-st 62 —
Pk &O Ky 65.115 - Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-st R6s — 122 Presidio — 30
; Sac El G.<tßss. — — i Powder—
iSF& NP 5s 114% — California 160 —
5F & S JV05.115%115% X Dyuamiti-... f 95
6Ry of Calt>s.li>s%Uu Giant Con Co.. 5.% 87%
sPof A 65. ...112>4 — Vlgorit 2% 2:*
6 P C C5(1905). — — : Sugar—
SP C 6s(1006).lll — Hana P C 0.... 11 11%
SP C 65(1912).115!,i — Haw C&SCo 95 96
SPCIs eg ss. — — I Honokaa S Co. 34% —
Spßr 6s 123 — Hutch S P Co. 28% 29
S V Wat 65... 114 — ! Kilauea S Co.. — 29
S V Wat 4s....lO2%l'>! 4'Makaweli S Co 49Vs —
S V W45(3dm).101% - Onomea S Co.. 38 39
Stktn Gas 65.. - — Paauhau S Co. 30% 3.i%
Water Stocks— i Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 71 — Al Pack Assn.llS%l2o
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.lol%lol% Oceanic S Co.. 90% 91
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Tent Gae C 0... — — Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent L & P.. 6 7 Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water, cash 7Z 00
20 Contra Costa Water I? 00
5 Contra Costa Water 71 «V 4
20 Giant Powder Con, b 10 »a »
10 Giant Powder Con Bj> 2o
10 Hana Plantation Co 10 ■"''
220 Honokaa 34 .5
165 Hutchinson S P Co 2b 50
165 Makaweli 49 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
20 Oceanic S 9 Co 21 <••>
86 Paauhau S P Co 3a 3.%
50 Paauhau S P Co » oO
210 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 12%
240 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 00
60 S V Water 101 50
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds, 2d mortgage.... 103
Street— ' „
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 11? 00
25 Giant Powder Con So 00
1210 Honokaa S Co 34 75
$11,000 SV 4 per cent bonds, 2d mort — 103 00
Afternoon Session.
150 Equitable Gas 5 75
13 Giant Powder Con So 2o
5 Giant Powder Con, 85 62%
E Giant Powder Con So 75
5 Giant Powder Con S6 00
25 Giant Powder Con 86 25
100 Giant Powder Con. s 90 86 25
10 Giant Powder Con 86 75
10 Giant Powder Con 87 25
10 Giant Powder Con 87 00
15 Giant Powder Con $7 25
25 Hana Plantation Co 10 75
100 Hana Plantation Co 11 12^
100 Hana Plantation Co, s 60 11 12' i
25 Hawaiian C.ml & Sugar 95 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 2S 50
20 Hutchinson S P C 0.... 28 62>4
50 Ltchlnaon S P Co 28 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 28 87%
250 Makaweli 49 12' i
50 Oceanic S S Co SO 50
5 Paauhau S P Co 35 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 87%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 62%
56 S V Water 101 30
$5000 S F & S.J V bonds 115 50
Street—
110 Honokaa S Co 34 75
100 Market-st Railway 62 50
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Hoard —
100 Equitable Gas 5 75
25 Oceanic S B Co 91 50
25 Paauhau Sugar Co '. 35 37-.
20 S F Gas & Electric 60 124
10 S F Gas & Electric 60 25
15 6 V Water 10150
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 72 12%
20 Giant Powder 84 25
20 Giant Powder : 86 12';
10 Giant Powder 85 00
150 Equitable Gas 5 75
40 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 37 V 4
10 S V Water 101 50
200 Vigorlt Powder 2 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 05
600 Petroleum Center 25
100 San Luis 5 25
Street—
2-10 Home Oil Co 4,950 00
6-10 Home Oil Co 4.900 00
Board-""" 0011 Session.
Board—
50 Caribou ..". 115
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 105
500 Petroleum Center 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
'.25 Tidal Wave 8 00
100 San Joaquln Oil & D Co 1 00
100 Ni.rtb.fi 1 > lil 80
100 Equitable 100
100 Equitable 1 05
20 Kings County Oil Co 2 05
30 Kings County Oil Co 2 10
50 Kings County Oil Co 2 15
87V4 Barker Ranch Oil Co 100
S7' ■ Barker Ranch Oil Co ... 105
100 Century Oil Co " 70
200 Eagle j 50
Street—
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Tidal Wave « M
66 Big Panoche "* i ™
100 Big Panoche '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 170
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornina: Session.
™> Alpha 03; 400 Hale & Norcrs.. 31
500 Andes 12 200 Overman 14
100 Belcher 231100 Savage 17
100 Best & Belchr.. 41 100 Sierra Nevada" 41
100 Caledonia 47 i 100 Union Con 2S
100 Con Cal & Va...l 45' 700 Utah _°*".'.'.!*.*. 08
, M _ , . Afternoon Session.
«>£ Belcher 35 100 Ophlr 60
200 Bullion 07 ICO Ophir 66
300 Con Cal & Va..l 56 500 Potosl "" 3'
200 Crown Point ... 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 30 200 Overman 14
300 Con Cal & Va...l 50 1000 Potosl 32
200 Crown Point ... 12 200 Potosl 33
2'"' Justice 04.230 Sierra Nevada .. 41
300 Ophir 64!
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 34.300 Potosi 33
V* c , ledonfa 52.300 Sierra Nevada .. 43
200 Chollar 261300 Union Con 30
200 Ophir ." 6al
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Nov. 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck — 03
Alta _ 03 Lady Wash.... — 02
Andes ......12 13 Mexican 20 22
Belcher 35 36 Occidental 14 16
Best & Belcher. 44 45 Ophir 65 67
Bullion 00 OSOverman 14 15
Caledonia 53 —Potosl 32 33
Chollar 26 27 1 Savage 18 19
Challenge Con. 28 25 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 70 - Seg Belcher ... 06 08
Con Cal & Va.l 50 1 55 1 Sierra Nevada. 43 .44
Con Imperial.. — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown- Point... 12 13 Standard 2503 00
Exchequer 01 02 St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry. 2'.i 30 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norcrs. 33 35 1 Union Con 30 31
Julia 01 02 1 Utah '. 07 08
Justice 03 04 [ Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
THE CALL CALENDAR
Time Ball.
Bra c n h C a h n t ? yd S g r^e. °£? &&gr "at
th^Kii cn 9 the tower of the new Ferry
, DU c at noon o°f PP the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o-'clockVm 0 ., Greenwich time. CA^^ S
Lieutenant Cnn.™»nder. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
thorlty of the Superintendent
NOTE-The high and low waters ° cc «
twenty-five minutes later than at •£«*"£"•
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnft tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides or tne
day In the order of occurrence as to time me
second time column gives the second tide of
tht day, the third time column the third tide
and th« last or right hand column gives tne
last tide of the day. except when there are bu.
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The neignts
given are in addition to the soundings on tna
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
United States Coast Survey charts, « c ?Pt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helgnt.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given hy the charts. The plane of
r»feren.~e !<■ the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. November J.
Stmr Portland, Lindquist, 17 days from St
Michael, via Cape Nome and Unalaska,
Stmr Weeott. Burtls, 26 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 65 hours from
Portland. • :-•"•
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 12 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicholson, 75 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr South Portland. Hall, 66 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 1% days
from Grays Harbor.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Whaling bark Chas W Morgan, Scullan, S3
days from Okhotsk Sea. ': : ~,
Schr Monterey, Knudsen, 5 days from Coo«
Bay.
Schr Occidental, Rosioh, 7 days from Eureka,
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 2..
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diejjo; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Chas Nel
son. •■- , ■■■:.■
Stmr State of California, Gage, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Conemaugh, Roberts, Honolulu and Ma
nila; U S Government. .
Stmr Leelanew, Storrs, Manila and Honolulu;
U S Government. -«(
Bark Alden Besge, Potter, Honolulu; J D r
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November S.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridget Ventura.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Corona, Debney. Victoria.
Br ship Dlmsdale, Rothery.
Bark Alden Hesse. Potter. Honolulu.
Fr bark Gen de Charette. Rehel, Hull.
Schr Volante. Christiansen. Coqullle River.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sprenson, Tacoma.
SPOKEN.
Sept 25. iat 24 S. lon 41 W— Ship A G Ropes,
from New York, for San Francisco.
Oct 23, lat 41 N, '.on 20 W— Br ship Glenalvon,
from Hamburg, for Puget Sound.
Per whaling stmr C T\ Morgan— Sept 3. in
Okhotsk Sea, whaling bark California, with 900
bbls sperm oil, 400 bbls whale oil. 500 lbs whale
bOn8 ' MEMORANDUM.
Per etmr Portland— ln port at Cape Nome Oct
IS— Stmrs Roanoke. Cleveland. Aloha, Albion,
schr Vega and whaling bark Alaska.
i Oct IS. oft Cape Nome, met stmr Homer,
bound to St Michael.
In port at Dutch Harbor Oct Stmr Elk
No 1, to sail Oct 23; schr Thomas F Bayard, to
sail Oct 24; whaling stmr Karluk. •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 2, 10 p m— W«ather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS. %>£/•
SAN PEDRO— Nov Schr James H
Bruce from Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov Schr La
Gironde, hence Oct 24.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 2— Stmr Rival,
from Ventura, for l"sal.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 2— Schr Ma
nila, Hence Oct 24.
• EUREKA— Arrived Nov 2— Schr Olga, from
Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro; _^
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco; schr Eva, "^
for San Francisco; schr Jessie Minor, for Hono
lulu.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 2— Ship Santa
Clara, hence Oct 27.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov Stmr Dlrlgo, from
Skaeuay. • •
• Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Farallon. for Dyea.
ASTORIA— Nov 2— Br shlD Arctic
Stream, from Port Los Angles.
Sailed. Nov 2— Schr W F Jewett. for San
Francisco; Br ship Garnet Hill, for Queens-
FORT BRAGG— Nov 2— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Nov 1.
USAL— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— SaiIed Nov 1
— Ship A J Fuller, for Nagasaki.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. ;
PANAMA— Arrived prior to Oct Schr So
phia Sutherland, from Fort Bragg.
COLON— Sailed Nov I— Stmr Allianca, for
New York.
LIMERICK— Nov I— Br ship Yarana,
from Oreeon.
VANCOUVER— Nov 2— stmr Mio
wera. from Sydney and Honolulu.
MAZATLAN — Arrived Oct Schr Lena
Sweasey. hence Oct 14.
TIENTSIN— SaiIed Sept 30-Schr King Cyrus,
for Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI— Nov 2— Stmr Georee W
Elder, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Oct 2S— Haw stmr Bara
couta, for Panama; stmr San Jose, for Pana
ma. Oct 31— Stmr San Juan, for San Francisco
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed Nov 2— Ship Florence".-, s
for Sydney. 'A .
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. "'
NEW YORK— Nov Stmr Arcadian
from Glasgow. , ■ r^jv?'
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov *"**** Palatla.
from New York. <«•**•.WEBSTER IS NOW
AT WORK UPON A
NEW CURRICULUM
"Three R's f ' to Obtain
in Local Schools.
— »
BLOW AT THE "BOOK RING"
■*
HIGH PRICE FANCY SUBJECTS
TO BE DROPPED.
Superintendent of Schools Webster is
put into execution a practical
plan of edu< .iti-n. on which he has spent
the best months of his admin
istrat;. d In evolving, and which, from its
ption, haa been bitterly fought by
werful and all-corrupt "school
and Its successive allies on the
: Education. Mr. Webster's
me is neither more nor less than to
ike paramount in the curricu
lum of San Francisco's schools the throe
R'a (1-tlme pedagogy, "read
'rit him tic." It i* hla ulti-
I i either throw out or re
• place of minimum Importance
• studies which during the
ars have been forced Into the
i ■ .> mark< t might
I or enlarged for the products
. ...-.■ ■ 9 hi< b has (or bo long
I by one means or another the
n< nt and classification of about
idj 'i course of studies proposed
">.ent.
::tient Webster will probably
bis purpose wlthuut mucli
tn< old opposition. The "school
ring" Is as tug a thing as It ever
■ ix. <i more powerful upon
• fabulous profits. It has
nstrated that it has its agents
Ltion, made
c It is of a majority of clean,
htforward business and professional
wever, that the power of
. ala as Directors Gedge and
n has been rendered nil by a thor
ventllation of their Intentions and
net ness, the opportun
"book ring" in
brighter than it has been since
I first started in making
history, mid Superintendent
tukt- advantage of it.
ted the new course will
features of the old,
tits liave come to consider are
bild of tirn^ that
• with profit in the study of
ai Ithmeth .
subject f practical
liar favorites of the
>ol books g.;ng.
lucatibn, natun study,
. which have served solely
- the annual book bills of the
thrown out of the depart
nly instruction given along
will be In oral lessons of little
Infrequent occurrence by the
■ ■■■.ing, music, sewing." etc.,
• for a halt hour each
which will result not only in an
my of time to the pupil but prob
■ my in BChool funds, as the
required in
R under present conditions will
untalned.
which Suprrintendent
I absolutely essential
. will !■<• expanded at thi
. eclal lin.-s are arithmetic,
ing and defining', composl
: ling, writing, geography, book-
II government
II formulated plan Mr. Webster
kl:!.e and assistance of the old
st accomplished teachers In the
rtment and is confident he will have
hearty co-operation in bringing it
peration.
CITY WINS A PARK.
Lafayette Square Taken Possession
Of by Sheriff Martin.
Pursuant to the following notice (mm ',
■'.. Lane, th* city and County
Sheriff Martin yesterday served
upon the claimants, Sweeney and
r to the city poss< s
t • : the property known as Lafayette
Park:
To the Board of Supervisors: As the result
of maiiy years of .-..:'. m the remlttltur from
the Supreme Court in the two cases involving
th* city's title to the south half of the block
of land bounded by Sough, Sacramento. Oe
tavla and Clay streets and the north half of
the block bounded by Washington, Gough. Clay
nrd Ootavla streets has been filed In the Su
perior Court and a writ of possession to place
the city In possession of that property as part
o' Lafayette Park has been Issued. I have this
day plaf-M the same in th« hands of the Sheriff
for service forthwith.
I odvi»p that the city Immediately take pos
session and remove all evidence of the occu
pancy of thai land heretofore had by Mr.
Sweeney and Mr. Holladay.
Tlie titl» to that part of the park may now
be considered as • ally determined in favor of
the city. FRANKLIN K. LANE,
■v an'l Counselor.
RAISED A BILL.
Grand Jury May Charge O. Newhaus
With Fraud.
The Grand Jury yesterday considered
charges against O. Newhaus, the mining
operator, who hns had charge of several
rf the mining properties in this State of
Krnest F. Wlltsee, the millionaire mining
magnate.
Newhaus is accused of having raised a
bill of the Fulton Iron Works Company
from 1300 to $600. fraudulently obtaining
thereby the difference in money. The
jury • ard several witnesses, among
them Colonel J. F. Doolittle of the St
Nicholas Hotel, and finally took the mat
ter under advisement. A special session
will be had this afternoon and the bring
ing of an Indictment against Newhaus
will be considered.
ATTACKED LUCY'S CHARACTER.
Arg-ument in Hite's Defense Made by
Attorney Foote.
W. W. Footc opened the orgument for
the defense In the Hite case before Judge
Jones yesterday morning. Mr. Foote at
tacked the character of the plaintiff, In
dian Lucy. Hiding his grill by discussing
tlio testimony of various witnesses to the
eflVct that Lucy had admitted that Hite
was not the father of her child. Charles
F. Hanlon followed Mr. Foote on behalf
of the plaintiff. He went over the Story
of how Lucy on seeing the marriage of
Hite to till present wife went before the
Superior Judge of Mendocino County and
made known the wrong done her. How
the defense nf the down-trodden woman
had been tnken up by the honest people
of the section and prosecuted to the pres
ent state of litigation. The argument will
probably be concluded to-day.
ANOTHER BIG PAYMENT.
Stanford Estate Settles Its Big In
heritance Tax.
T>ie agents of the estate of Inland
Stanford yesterday paJd Treasurer Tru
man the balance of the inheritance tix
due under the r^c^nt def-lsion of the Su
jirfnT) Court, amounting to t1CT.583.ft2
The oh"ck was drawn on the Union Trust
Company of this city.
Taken to Watsonville.
Ralph St. Clair, bartender for P. S.
Beel, Clay and Davis street*, who was
wanted by the police for disappearing
with the contents of Reel's cash drawer,
in now in the Watsonvtile jail on a charge
of stealing a none and buggy. When he
disappeared from here he went to San
Jose and from there to Watsonvllle
where he stole the horse and buggy and
drove to Oakland. He was arrested in
Oakland and taken back to WatsonvllLe.
He gave the name or Milton Bailey.
t for Waterman and Swan fountain
pens. Koh-i-noor pencil*, Berkshire type
writing papers, etc. Stationery depart
ment, Sanborn, Vail & Ca •
Died of Her Wound.
Mrs. Julie Bachmann of X,2 Clementina
street, vho shot herself with suicidal in
tent on September 29 In thin city, died of
her wound last Wednesday night. She
kopt a grocery and «rvloon at 5.~>1 Howard
street nrd had a quarrel with Billy Hen
nett, a friend. The quarrel affected her so
much that she seized a revolved and shot
herself in the side. After ihfl shooting the
woman exonerated Bennett from all
blame in the matter.
UNCONFIRMED HERE.
Reported Sale of the Stanford_South^
em Pacific Stock a Surprise.
As was the case when the sale of the
Crocker interests in the Southern Pacific
Company was first reported, the utmost
secrecy is maintained regarding the saie
of the Stanford interest.- which was re
ported yesterday in the dispatches from
New York. Mrs. Stanford is in New lorK
with her attorney. Mr. Huntingdon is out
of town, and Charles Lathrop, brother to
Mrs. Stanford, says he knows absolutely
nothing about the reported sale save that
which he bus seen In the newppapern.
The report may be true, and it it is.
Mrs. Stanford Bhould have received some
thing like SH.iKm ' •*»«" ''■
stocK in the Southern Pacific i pmpany.
besides the money she would get from tne
sale of her interests in the Pacific Im
provement Company.
It was generally believed that Mrs.
Stanford had gi\en her railroad sto
the Leland Stanford Jr. University
time ago. Jn fact, the statement was
made to that effect and accepted as true
by every one. I: that was so, it is rather
hard to conceive how she could have so.d
that which she no longer possessed.
The sale of the Stanford stot k will make
but little difference in the policy of the
road. The Stanford and Crocker lnt<
combined were Btrong enough to glvi
shrewd old -entleman at the head of the
corporation all he could do to mal
his sway. But with the Crocker shares
not only out of the way but in the hands
of the enemy, Mrs. Stanford was prac
tically powerless t.. make her in!'
felt In the management of the company
in which she had so much capital in
vested.
If the stock has been purchased, it is
almost ;>. certainty thut C. P. Huntington
is the man who has bought it: and this.
together with the Crocker interests, which
are now his. and his own original hold-
Ings, makes him I i all intents and pur
poses the sole owner of the largest rail
way system in the world.
REMEMBERED HIS EMPLOYES.
Stanislaus Strozynski, the Hair
Dresser. Devises Them a
Fortune.
Stanislaus Strosynski, who for years
conducted a hair dressing establishment
at 24 Geary street, died yest< rday morn
ing at his home. 4"4 Ellis street. The de
ceased was perhaps the best known man
in his business In the city, and during
his many years of toil he accumula
fortune. Shortly after his death an order
was made allowing the Inspection of hi*
papers, and among them his will was
found.
By the terms of the w-ill a small for
tune is distributed among his employes.
He said thai he recognised the fact that
his success was larg
of his help, and in appreciation of
the good and faithful work of his oldest
employe, whom he called "Lulu." he be
queathed her one-half of his business and
All of the other employes ar<
queatbed a.l vi 1500 < I id aa there
any the sum thus distributed by the
appreci itive hair dn -^ r amounts to sev
eral thousand dollars.
DUNLAP IN BAD HUMOR.
Arrested by a Park Policeman for
Fast Driving After an Ex
citing Chase.
H. H. Dunlap, proprietor of a lodging
! house on O'Farrell street, was ar
yesterday afternoon by Park Policeman
J. H. Kavanaugh and charged at the
park police station with fast driving and
using vulgar language. Dunlap, who la
said to be an old offender, was balled by
Kavanaugh as he was driving furiously
through the panhand!<-.
Dunlap responded with a volley of
curses and drove all the faster. Kav
anaugh started in pursuit and overtook
Dunlap near the entrance to the pan
handle. As h.' ranjii ■•! alongside Dunlap j
■i him with his whip and cursed un- :
til the air was blue, at the same time
trying to run Kavanaugh dovn. As
pursuer and pursued turned Into Baker
street Kavanaugh succe< ded in grasping j
the bridle and stopping the horse.
Dunlap conthniea to curse and thr
th*- officer all the way to ih>> police sta
tion. He was released on bail. A charge
of battery may be preferred against him
to-uay.
Art Institute Open To-Day.
The Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will
be open to the public free of charge to
day and this evening and also on the
first Friday of each month in the future
Instead of "the first Sunday in the month
as heretofore. The change was made by
order of the din the association.
Sacred Heart Entertainment.
An entertainment will be given in ;
en Gate Hall, 625 Butter street, to
night for the benefit of the Sacred Heart
Presentation Convent. Th'- affair will be
held under the ausp Alumnae.
An excellent programme has been ar- j
ranged.
A New Cantor.
Cantor Strollnltz of Now York will offi
ciate at the Bush-street Synagogue to
morrow morning. The public Is invited.
NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— The Kecord to-mor
i"w will say: The meeting of the Na
tional Democratic Executive Committee
on November 20 is to be a double-barreled
affair. It will brine: about a meeting of
the committee and conference of the lead
f the national party. Colonel \V. J.
liryan will be In the city at that time and
Senators and Representatives on their
way to Washington (mm the West will
spend a couple of days In this city to
met t Eastern and Southern Democrats,
who nre expected to gather her.: Novem
ber 20. It Is probable that an address to
the Democrats of th^ country will be is
sued by the committee after the party
leaders have had a conference. The char
acter of this address will depend upon the
results of the several State elections on
Tuesday.
BODY OF MURDERED
MAN IS RECOVERED
NEW STORK, Nov. 2.— There is no room
for doubt that the body found in the bay
at Key port, N. J.. last evening was that
.•f Frederick Hardy Jr. of Mount !'!•■. i>
ant, Term., or that the young man (who
was 21 year? old) was murdered and an at
tempt made to conceal the crime by sink-
Ing the corpse in the bay with a Itone
attached to the body. The accumulation
of gaaes In the body caused it to rise to
the surface, and it was discovered by
oystermen. The pockets of the clothing
were turned Inside out, and his money and
watch were gone. There were evidences
that Hardy had been beaten on the head.
Hardy, who came io New York to study
art was lnst seen alive Bunday evening,
October 22. when he left the home of R.
C Moxham, an old fumlly friend, living
In th« Fort Hamilton district <<t Hrook
lvn for his boarding place near by. He
could not have had more than $30 with
him.
CORPORAL COCKRILL DEAD.
Succumbed to Consumption at the
Residence of His Uncle in
£»jinta Rosa.
PANTA ROSA, Nov. I.— Corporal James
Bartlett CocKriH, a member of Company
1 First Washington Volunteers, died here
this afternoon at the residence of his
uncle S T. Coulter, on Cleveland avenue.
The particulars of the corporal's illness
and death are very sad. When he enlist, d
he was apparently in the beet of health,
lie went to the Philippines, where he con
tract'd consumption, and when a few
weeks agfc his regiment came back he was
brought home to d!<-. STesterday after
noon he was told th.it his regiment was
then being mustered out at the Presidio.
■'1 will be mustered out myself to-mor
row," he rf-plled.
Thin afternoon Just before sunset the
fii ;il taps Were sounded and he went to
answer his last rollcall. The funeral will
ink.- place on Saturday. Corporal Cock
rill was well liked by every n ne, and when
he came up from the Presidio a few
W< ekfl ago quite a contingent from his
regiment accompanied him. He was a
f the late Z. A. Cockrill. and was
burn and raised In Sonoma County. '
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
ALEXANDER COULD NOT
STAND FRIEND'S CENSURE
Death Was His Ref
uge From Attacks
of His Superior.
— « —
Drowned Himself While
His Case Was Being
Defended.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.-Chas. O. Alex
ander, Assistant Postmaster, con
cerning whom rumors of a short
age in the Oakland Postoffice have
been circulated widely the past
few days, committed suicide late this aft
ernoon by drowning in the estuary of San
Antonio.
The suicide was very determined, and is
particularly sad, from the fact that he
died in total ignorance of the fact that
his two most influential friends, Senator
Perkins and Congressman Metcalf, were
.'ding with the postal authorities at
Washington, while he was wallowing in
the mire, to defer any action in the mat
ter of the shortage until they should
reach Washington.
Alexander's body was found lying on
the mud ilats oft the foot of Seventeenth
avenue, East Oakland, shortly after 5
o'clock by Thomas Weingart, residing on
East Fourteenth street. Weingart had
gathering drift wood on the incom
ing tide. His little boat was loaded and
as he pulled toward the old Derby wharf
near the East Oakland tanneries he saw
a row boat adrift and near it what ap
-1 pea red to him to be a dog. Investigation
revealed the object to be the body of a
. man, and lie quickly hauled the remains
aboard his craft and rowed to the wharf.
; The Coroner was immediately summoned
te body taken to the Morgue.
The boat from which Alexander leaped
to his death belonged to Captain Kred
Fa Ikm an of the schooner Charles Levy
Woodberry, lying in the estuary. Captain
: Falkman "had rowed to the foot of Thir
i teenth avenue.
There he tied up his rowboat and went
on business to Bast Oakland. When he
returned he found his boat floating out
toward the stream and opposite the
] (erby wharf. Falkman procured another
craft and secured his boat. In it he found
a hat and coat, which were late to-night
turned over to Sergeant Clarke of the Po
lice Department and taken to the
Morgue. But In its pockets nothing was
: In the way of a farewell message
te touching upon the cause for the
suicide.
Alexander was seen on Broadway at 1
k this afternoon by F. A. Wasley of
\\ . st street. The two men conversed
. and Wasley states that Alexander
set mcd down-hearted, but he will not
state the nature of the conversation.
Later Alexander visited the Macdonough
Theater bar.
Prom there he Is supposed to have gone
to Blast Oakland. Firemen at the Thir
teenth avenue engine house say they
saw him walk down toward the foot of
the avenue to the water about 3:30 o'clock.
It is presumed that the dreadful impulse
Of self-destruction seized the unfortunate
man, for he untied Captain Falkman's
boat and rowed out into the stream. The
DINSLAGE MAY GET
A DIVORCE DECREE
OAKLAND, X'>v. 2— The divorce suit of
Mary Dinslage against Herman Dinslage,
brought on the ground of cruelty, has
. ci upled nearly a week of Judge Greene's
' attention, and while his Honor has de
i that -Mrs. I>inslage is not entitled
to a decree) the court is rather In a quan
i dary as to whether the husband Is
: entitled to a decree on his cross-com
plaint, for Dinslage has admitted that on
two occasions he had slapped his wife's
face.
Mrs. Dinslage Is of French extraction
the husband of Herman, and the fact
that the latter frequently conversed with
i hts brother In German added to the wife's
, troubles.
Judge Greene has now given the attor
-1 . ys until next Monday to look up the law
to whether under the circumstances
Dinslage Is entitled to a divorce.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC HAS
ACKNOWLEDGED ERROR
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Southern Pa
cific Is anxious t" make a better showing
and lias issued the following order to
trainmen:
I am inclined to believe that there is not
proper attention given as to the merchandise
that your train contains when leaving terminal
points. Also, when picking up loads, some of
you are not giving attention so that you may
know whether your engine is loaded to its ca
pacity or overloaded. On receipt of this I want
you to check up the merchandise before leaving
terminal points and note the same on your
train register. If you discover that your train
contains more merchandise than your engine
Is rated for, you will request trainmaster or
yardmaster to reduce your tra.n to rating of
your engine, providing you do not have to set
out perishable or rush cars. I ask that special
attention be given to 'his, bo that we may
bring our tonnage up and make a better show
ing than in the past. In case your engine can
not handle the train and make its time. I want
full particulars wired why.
JAMES AGLER.
Superintendent.
MASKED MEN HOLD
UP HAYWARDS BARKEEPER
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.— A robbery similar
to the one committed last Tuesday nißht
at Peter Christensen's saloon In this city
la reported from Haywards. At the Tivoll
saloon, in the latter place, at about 1
ck Wednesday morninsr, two masked
infn stood up the barkeeper, Joseph Ore
ole. and robbed the till of about $70. It is
supposed that they are the same who held
uti < 'hriptensen, nnd that they boarded a
Haywards rar immediately after the Oak
land job had been concluded.
Funeral of E. W. Leach.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The funeral of
Edwin W. Leach, the pioneer and father
of F. A. Leach, superintendent of the
Mint, was held this morning at the First
Congregational Church. The many large
floral offerings that came from friends
on both sides of the bay completely cov
ered the casket.
The pallbearers were M. L. Hadley,
Clarence Crowell, G. B. Daniels, William
B. I >argie, Russell Steadman and A. J.
Read.
The following delegation came from the
Mint: Coiner Daniel Cole, Assayer Ed
ward Ellas, Charles G. Yale, E. ft. Syme,
[saac G. Messec, Colonel H. P. Bush, R.
Johansen, Charles G. Conger.
Large delegations were also present
from the Enquirer and from the Blind
Home, whil<- a large number of prominent
citizens filled the church.
Rev. C. R. Brown, who conducted the
lervices, paid a fitting tribute to the rec
ord of the deceased and in his remarks
said: "The modesty and the simple life of
our departed brother would not allow o,f
my applying in any extended eulogy to
him these considerations. It therefore
only remains to say that he lived n use
ful life, along with many other of these
pioneers, In upbuilding the community
and laying the foundations of a health
ful civic life. His gentleness of nature
was shown by his Insisting upon having
each in turn of ninny of his associates
on the paper which we all know visit
him at his bedside for a last farewell "
After Burris' Scalp.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— Miss Jane Kellev
a domestic, is out after Attorney J [>'
minis' scalp. She applied to Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Samuels to-day for a war
rant against Burris, alleging that he had
obtained tV< lrom her under false pre
tences. Sue said she had nlaced a claim
for wages with a collection agency and
once, when she visited the agency's
headquarter*, she found Burris there 1
that he represented himself a member of
the agency and she paid him $10 for serv
ices in connection with the claim, and
that he never performed any services. In
asmuch as the receipt read "for services
to bo performed," Samuels did not believe
the false pretense charge would stick.
C. O. ALEXANDER.
i tide still coming in carried the craft east
-1 ward and when opp >Bite Seventeenth ave
nue Alexander, divesting himself of his
coat and hat, jumped Into uue water.
! Though shallow water. Alexander must
: have become very determined now, for
i presently the tide begat] to ebb, and. ac
cording to P. Deick of the union Hotel,
| Charles Magnes of 916 East Fourteenth
i street and Joseph Elliott of 1109 Sixteenth
i street, they saw Alexander wallowing in
» he soft mud. frequently throwing his
' body forward as if diving, and thus he
struggled until, exhausted, death came to
his relief.
It was impossible for the Coroner's
! deputies to secure Alexander's coat. Cap
! tain Falkman had taken it In his boat to
! his schooner and the tide had ebbed until
j several hundred feet of mud stretched
! from the wharf to the water's edge and
I the coat was not secured until late to
i night.
All evening and until nearly midnight.
I the Morgue was thronged with visitors
jto view the remains. Among them was
! Postmaster W. 11. Friend, who express-. 1
■ his deepest sorrow. A bunch of keys be
! longing to the Postoffice found in one of
; the dead man's pockets was turned over
i to Mr. Friend and lie did not tarry long.
Later Senator St rat ton and F. E. Brig
' ham, brother-in-law of the deceased,
I called at the Morgue, and they suhse
' quently broke the news to Mrs. Alexan
-1 der at her home. 1440 Bast Sixteenth
i street. The unfortunate woman had sur
i mised the end. Her husband had spent
a restless night. At breakfast he had
agreed to accompany her to luncheon at
the Brighams' on Oak street, and his ab
sence had s.i worried her that she had
| feared the worst.
Of the many friends who called at the
Morgue none but expressed the deepest
Borrow and attributed Alexander's rash
act to temporary insanity.
Alexander was prominent in Alameda
County politics for many years. In 1592
he was nominated by acclamation for
Congress in the Fourth District, but was
def< ated by Magulre. He was Assembly
• man from Alameda dainty In the twenty
seventh and twenty-eighth sessions of the
Legislature, in ISS7 and IS«9, and was
then, in 18S9, appointed Harbor Commis
i sioner.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
BISHOP FOR ARSON
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— The Grand Jur.
made a partial report to-day before
Superior Judpe Mall and presented an
indictment charging Robert Bisnop of
Golden Gate with arson.
(The inquisitors had spent several days
in an investigation of the affair. . rom
the testimony of Policeman Lay ton, Fire
Chief Ball and others, who appeared be
fore the grand Jurors, it was shown that
shortly after 3 o'clock on the morning: of
October 26 Bishop's house on Forty-ninth
street, near Park, at Golden Gate, was
found to be on tire. After the firemen
had succeeded in extinguishing the flames
they discovered many evidences of in
cendiarism; coal oil had been poured over
the floors of the two-story structure, and
on the walls; holes had been bored
through the ceiling of a room and oil
poured in; and the empty coal oil cans
were also found. Bishop and his son
were in rooms on the second floor, and
I while the son apparently knew nothing
i of the affair, the father claimed that the
work was that of robbers. He was ar
rested at the time, but no direct charge
was filed.
The jury had about concluded its in
quiry into the matter to-day when Bishop
arrived at the courthouse and asked an
audience. He was cheerfully accommo
dated and remained behind the closed
doors perhaps fifteen minutes. Evidently
;he made a poor Impression, for ten
i minutes later the Grand Jury fiied into
j Judge Hall's courtroom to present the
1 indictment.
Bishop's bail was fixed at $3000 and he
was turned over to the custody of the
i Sheriff. The accused is nearly GO years
! of age, and for some time was employed
j by E. G. Buswell, dealer in paints and
oils, as a driver. His son is connected
with an insurance company.
President Wheeler's Return.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of
California will return to-morrow morning
from a trip to the southern part of the
State. President Wheeler went to Los
Angeles J .o attend a reception Riven In his
honor by the University of California
Club of that city. He went from Los
Angeles lo Bakersfield, where lie ad
dressed the convention of the San Joaqi in
Valley Teachers' Association.
Stopped a Runaway.
AI.AMEDA. Nov. 2.— Superior Judge
Ellsworth performed a risky fpat last
night by stopping a runaway horse on
Park street, near Santa Clara avenue.
The horse was racing down Park street
at breakneck speed. As It crossed Santa
Clara avenue Judge Ellsworth ran from
the east side of Park strpet and, grabbing
the bridle reins of the runaway animal,
brought him to a standstill.
Burglary in Second Degree.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— lt required just
fifteen minutes for a Jury In Judge Hall's
court this afternoon to agree upon n ver
dict, convicting Peter Payers of burglary
in the second decree. Payers entered the
home of R Versres In Alameda on October
8 and stole a suit of clothes ;ind some
linen. He will be sentenced next Wednes
day.
Denied a Nonsuit.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.— A motion for non
suit In the case of Mrs. 01110 Boone
against the Oakland Transit Company tor
$25 000 damages for personal Injuries was
denied by Judge Ogdon this afternoon,
and the taking of testimony was resumed.
DOMESTIC TRAGEDY
DUE TO JEALOUSY
Railroad Detective of Chicago Mur
ders His Wife and Then Takes
His Own Life. ,
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.— Andrew H. Patter
son, a railroad detective In the employ
of the Illinois Central Railroad Company,
early this morning shot and killed his
wife and then shot and killed himself.
Jealousy was the cause of the tragedy.
Patterson left a letter in which he said
he belonged to Elk Lodge No 174 of Tu
coma, Wash.
Change of Venue Denied.
LOS ANGELKS, Nov. 2. -This afternoon
the motion for a change of venue from
the Superior Court here to the Superior
Court in San Francisco in the case of
Nora R. Wallace against Frank J. Capi
tain for breach of promise was denied.
The case will therefore be tried hero
Miss Wallace demands |M), 000 damages.
Moore Sentenced.
PASADKNA. NOV. 2. -Efforts to arouse
the sympathy of President G. A. Moore
of the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany in behalf of his son, G. A. Moore,
were unavailing. To-day young Moore
w-as sentenced to three months in the
County Jail for threatening to kill his
wife. His father, In a letter, refused to
have anything to do with him.
DEWEY'S WEDDING
WILL BE VERY SIMPLE
Ceremony Will Probably Be Per
formed by Cardinal Gibbons
and Archbishop Keane.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2. — Admiral |
Dewey and Mrs. Mildred Hazen have de
cided to have their marriage take place in
tho latter part of the month, possibly be
fore Thanksgiving Day. although much
will depend upon the completion of the
bridal trousseau before the date 18 defi
nitely determined upon. Both Admiral
Dewey and Mr?. ITazen are opposed to
anything 1 versing upon display and have
informed their friends that they will be
married In the same quiet. Informal man
ner as were Rear Admiral and Mrs. Lud
lnw several years since.
Mrs. Ludlow is Mrs. Hazen's sister.
The date of their marriage was given out
only the nipht before and the ceremony
was performed In the morning. There
were no extra flowers, music or anything
of the sort, and only the immediate fam
ily witnessed the ceremony. This Is ex
actly to the liking of Admiral Dewey and
Mrs. Hazen and they have decided to fol
low the same simple ceremonial to the
letter. The ceremony will be performed In
the Empire drawing room of the mansion
(■f Mrs. 'Washington McLean, and Cardi
nal Gibbons, assisted by Archbishop
Kvano, under whose instructions Mrs.
Hazen became a Roman Catholic, will of
ficiate. If Cardinal Gibbons cannot be
present, It is said the Archbishop will tie
the nuptial knot.
Mrs. Hazen and her sister, Mrs. Lud-
Inw, left for New York yesterday after
noon, where they will remain until Mon
day. Their errand Is to select all the im
portant trousseau. Since the day of the
engagement Admiral Dewey has sent his
fiancee great bouquets of exquisite flow
ers, huge bunches of American beauty or
pink roses, as well as clusters of brilliant
yellow and pink chrysanthemums.
BUT NOSES APART.
Exciting Finishes the Bule at the
Aqueduct Races.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.— The Pride, Trillo
and Dan Rice were the winning favorites
at Aqueduct to-day. Head and head fin
ishes were the rule, the last race being
the single exception. The track had dried
out and was fast, and the clear, cool
weather attracted a good crowd. The
fourth race, a handicap at a mile and a
sixteenth, was the feature of the day's
sport. Only four went to the post, but
they were so well matched at the weights
that they were all lapped at the finish.
Trilio was the favorite, but all had a fol
lowing. Trillo led the running and in a
hard drive won by a head from Raffaelo,
who trailed to the head of the stretch,
but closed strong at the end. Results:
About seven furlongs, selling— The Pride won.
Buffoon second, Meehanus third. Time, 1:28 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Gold One won,
Waring second, Magic Light third. Time,
1:08 4-5.
One mile and seventy yards— Belle of Troy
won. Compensation second, Lamp Globe third.
Time, 1:48.
One mile and a sixteenth— Trillo won, Raf
faello second, Charentus third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
One mile and a sixteenth— Dan Rice won,
Scotch Plaid second, Alvarado II third. Time,
1:49 4-5.
Six furlongs— Rattle won. Dissenter
second. Grandeur third. Time, 1:16 3-5.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 2.— The victory of the
light-weighted Florlzar in the handicap for all
ages was the feature of the sport at Newport
to-day. Florizar was 40 to 1 in the betting and
won cleverly under a well-judged ride by Ran
som. The weather was showery, but the track
Will fast. Results:
Five and a hall furlongs Scarlet Lily won,
Mirlon Lynch second, Sadie Burnham third.
Time, 1:08%.
One milt and twenty yards, selling—
Preston won, Koenig second. Wedlock third.
Time, 1:43%.
Six furlongs, selling— Larkspur won. Russell
R second. The Bobby third. Time. 1:16.
One mile. Florizar won. Pinochle second,
Souehon third. Time. 1:42%.
One mile and twenty yards, selling— Bell
Punch won. The Bondman second, Siddubla
third. Time, 1:45%.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2— The Judges at Lakeside
to-day ruled off Jockey Bloss for -life for his
ride on May Beach, In the third race, which
was won by Hugh Penny. May Beach got
away well, but showed no speed and finished
sixth. Blow was ruled '.ft several years ago
at Guttenburg and reinstated by the Western
Turf Congress about three years ago. Raining;
track heavy. Results:
Five and a half furlongs — won,
Morris V. lmer second, Olekma third. Time.
1:11%. Lovable finished second, but was dis
qualified for fouling.
One mile and a quarter, selling — George Lee
won. Chancery second, Monongah third. Time,
2:16.
Five furlongs— Hugh Penny won, Rey Salazar
second, Goebel third. Time, 1:05V4.
1 One mile, selling— Volandles won, Macy sec
ond, Elldad third. Time, 1:47%.
Fix furlongs— Made Maree won. The Monk
second, Kitty F third. Time. 1:19%:
One mile— David won. Banish second. High
land Prince third. Time, 1:47.
Yda Addis in Court.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 2.— Yda Ad
dis Storke was in court to-day and plead
ed not guilty to a charge of attempting
to murder Attorney Grant Jackson on the
morning of July 0. Her trial was set for
December 5 and a venire of one hundred
jurors was ordered for that date.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Ralph Udell, laborer, Dixon, $722.62; no
In Next Sunday's Call,
NOVEMBER 5, 1899.
_ — . _ +
+
Found
THE STORY
in the of a man who
DREAMS HIS LIFE AWAY.
Philip 8
A VISIT
pines. TO THE SULU SULTAN -
A California^ Who
Was Hanged for Stealing Groceries.
THE LADIES OF THE DOLL SHOW.
The Latest Fashions in
Jewelry Most Beautifully Illustrated.
the opening A CALIFORNIA GIRL VISITS THE GRAND
CHAPTERS OF '
general OPERA HOUSE, PARIS, ON FREE NIGHT.
CHAS. KING'S
LATEST AND
MOST THRILL-
ING SERIAL.
: ->
, . . __ . _ __ >
And a Dozen Other Attractive Features.
NEW SYMPHONY
CLUB RESUMES
WORK AT LAST
Mrs. Pheba Hearst the
Patroness.
HOLMES CHOSEN LEADER
PROF. WILLIAM CAREY JONES
IS PRESIDENT.
— •
A few weeks aco The Call made the
announcement that there was trouble in
the Symphony Society and that the mem
bers were highly indignant because of > ie
carelessness of the officers in m king ar
rangements for a new series of concerts.
The article further stated that in case I
nothing: Is done within a reasonable time, j
preparations will be made to organize a I
separate body, whose purpose it shall be
to commence a movement to reorganize
the symphony concerts. The meeting has
finally been held, and the following com
mittee has taken charge of affairs. It
must be understood that this commutee
is in no way connected with the old |
Symphony Society, but will direct matters j
according to its own ideas.
The committee consists of Professor
William Carey Jones of the University
of California, chairman; H. B. Pasmore,
Robert Tolmie, J. N. Odell, W. A. Sabln, !
and Mesdames J. N. Odell, A. r". Morri- ■
son. J. N. Goewey, James Tucker, C. O. ,
Richardson and J. J. Price. Mrs. Phebe
Hearst, in accordance with her usual
desire to aid beneficial movements, i.as
kindly donated the sum of $2000 for 'he
purpose of commencing the concerts.
And her main desire in acting thus
generously was to enable the new society
to defray expenses so that the musicians
may receive their price of $8 per concert,
which she claims is by right due them.
The conductor will be Henry Holmes, a
musician who has had a great deal of ex
perience in this kind of work, and i/bo
possesses exceedingly flattering tesi.
monlals from the foremost musical
authorities. He was until recently a
member of the Royal Conservatory of
Music in London, and has a splendid
record In Europe. He recently organized
a chamber music quartet in 'his city
which will begin concerts next Tuesday
at Century Club Hall.
Mrs. Hearst hopes that her donation
will create an interest among he sub
scribers to the old symphony conceits,
and spur them on to encourage a move
ment which is so essential to musical
progress in San Francisco. The .Irst
symphony concert will take place at the
Grand Opera-house on Thursday. Decem
ber 7. at 2:30 o'clock p. m. Professor
Jones, who was very prominently men
tioned for president for the University of
California a short time ago, is a man of
great executive ability, and will no doubt
prove a iplendid presiding officer. The
committee put Itself on record as an able
body of people by arranging a scale of
prices which will enable every student, bo
he every so deficient of means, to attend
them. The seating capacity of tne opera
house permits a 25-cent admission fee,
and for this purpose the family circle or
balcony has been selected. The other
prices will range as usual.
MILES IN WASHINGTON.
SEATTLE, Nov. 2.— General Nelson A.
Miles and party arrived here at noon to
day and left this evening for an inspec
tion of the new army fortifications at i
Port Townsend. He declined to discuss j
the Philippine situation further than to
say that peace depended upon circum
stances and that he would, go to the Phil
ippines if ordered. Of Puget Sound he
"This section is not only desirable but
suitable and favorably looked upon as a I
base of supplying the needs of the I nited :
States army in the Philippines. There Is |
no route that is superior for the shipment |
of both troops and animals on account
of the cooler atmosphere that prevails on
this Sound. More shipping will be done
from here and return shipments will prob
ably be made to Puget Sound at no dis
tant date. The westward posts I have
visited I have found satisfactory."
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
BAKERSFIEIvD, Nov. 2.— The third an
nual session of the San Joaquin Valley
Teachers' Association opened here to-day.
Three hundred teachers are present from
the valley counties hesirtes the teachers
of this county. Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Hon T. J. Kirk, Harr Wapner. Joaqum
Miller and Professor E. E. Brown of
Berkeley are present as lecturers. Davtd
Starr Jordan arrives to-morrow. Mr.
AVheeler addressed a large audience to
day, creating great enthusiasm by the
strong position he took for making teach
ing a profession. He said the schools are
no place for women to rest awaiting mat
rimony, or for men hoping to get into
law or business. Teaching must be the
end and aim of teachers.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
• on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIOMKRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND Pin IROX
Jr U'll CftV * Ct\ WO Battery Street.
•V- IT ILjUn (I VU-, Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTHE. Msx.
CW CMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
• W ■ Salt 1 Il> and Ship Work a Specialty. 16
| and 18 Washington St. Telephone Main 5641.
; FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC DrtVKC £■ Cf\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JAb DUIC3&U)-, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
JU 1 ftCCTin '* Ke«rny it., upjtsiri. L«t«it
• 11. LUf 01. styles, lowest prices, remodeling.
ir:>n founders.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, g*& ,£ £:«ZZi
' st. Castings of Every Description Made to
i Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPFW P^AI.F.R I *.
WI! I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
TT ILLAITICI 1C 722 Montgomery st.
PRINTING '
E- C HUGHES. 511 Sansome st.,' B. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
! ""gag* PARTRIDGE 306 °^SS. U '
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL t Vie e bla?k
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In the
I market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
j I Will Give $1000
> «S|E£2g32§f>. If I fail tO CUre any
jfflSSsSP^m CANCER or « morl
ff/MW VtSBS--^" Jli*^-n_ treat before it scat-
(BUr NaMBE-a^^l^^K ters or affects the
M **&?&£ Jfiili K ni * e
(s^TJß^t "^at^ No Pain I
~j ~" a y
y<( j. Jojl Until Cured.
\ 1* ■C[_~~'ft?\ fence. 1000 cancers
V *^c^§ . J\ now in my offices in
\ jff \ alcohol. Lady attend-
Jfcfv- j,/"'* JL ant - Any hard
ri^KK B*s^*!'8 * 5^*! ' "^MliL^ lump anywhere
I^^^^^^^^^Any lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms addresses and te«timonials of
thousands cured in California. IVrtte them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS *n Rome or." WITH CANCER.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PtlVamMttii The s - s - Australia
flbDM|i S sail? for Honolulu
• t*s«li% Wednesday. Nov. 15.
a "1 at 2 p. m.
— r^N S. S. Alameda sails
/Sfftmviini) vla Honolulu and
CyIKjIIDIIII/ Auckland for Sydney
fs?TlF!flf?U- Wednesday, Nov. 29,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
j England, etc.; $610 first class.
i i. D. SPftECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Sj|k Steamers leave Broadway
yTSw^ wharf, San Francisco:
ViVt&PSSfc. F° r Alaskan porte, 10 a.
EgPK3H*K m., Nov. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22, 27.
Xd\(% Dec. 2, change at Seattle.
BgS33r*JgAi For Victoria, Vancouver
B3jS£-J-<vS?£al (R. C). Port Townsend. Sp-
•^!^*^J attle. Tacoma. Everett, An-
.acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Nov. 2, 7.
12, 17. 22. 27: Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
| couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nov.
I E. 10, 15. 20, 25, 30; Dec. 5. and every fifth day
I thereafter.
For Santa Crust. Monterey, San Simeon,
; Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Ohlspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Anjreles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 4, 8, 12. 16. 20, 24. 28;
Dec. 2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis -Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Rednndo (Los Anreles). 11 a.
> m.. Nov. I. 6. 10 14. I. 22. 25. 30; Dec. 4, and
! every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. MapdnJen.a Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altnta. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company ■
; folder. ■
I The company reserves the rltrht to change
j without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
orA hniit-o nf PBlltntr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). & CO.. Gen. Aetf.
GOODALL. PF.RKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE S. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CM DC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnC $8 Second Class And Meals.
: COLUMBIA *<>"■ 9. JJ. 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4, 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
! Helena and all points In the Northwest.
! Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & gO^^,^
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PABII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
| From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
I St Paul Nov. S St. Louis Dec. 13
St Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
i St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. J
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
• Frlesland .......Nov. Rl Kensington Nov. 23
i Southwark Nov. ll>| Noordland Dec. 9
Westernland ...Nov. 22!Frlesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p." m..
: for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
' HONGKONO-MAHU Wednesday. No*, I
: NIPPON-MARU Saturday, Not. 25
AMERICA Thursday. Dec *l
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
: freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market «tr«*et. corner Flr»t.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAONIE GENKRALE TRANBATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . ,^-.
Failing every' Thursday Instead of <J^fTfJ»>
j Saturday, from November t. 189*. at
! 1" a. m from Pier 42. North River, foot of
! Morton «t. LA GASCOONE. Oct. 21: UK
PRTCTAONF Oct 2*: LA TOURAINE. Nor.
! t: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nnv. 9: LA NORMAN-
, DIE. Not. 18: LA GABCOONE. Nov. 21: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. SO; LA BimTAGNE. Pec T.
First-class to Havre. >60 and upward: 5 por
cent reduction on round trio Becond-cljss to
, Havre. 145: S per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR T'NITEP STATES
I AND CANADA. 12 Broad wav Hudson build-
ing). New Tor*. J. F. FTTOAZI & CO.. Pa-
; rifle Coast Agent*. 6 Montgomery aye.. Saa
Francisco. ««».««.,^
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEK3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON Tues.. T/ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a m 8:16, 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurt. night). ■>!-
days. 'l r m and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 *. m.. (
p m. Landing and office. Mlii*lon-»tr«»t Dock.
Pier No. 8. Telephone Main ISOS. -
FAKE „.„•....>••<... «>■
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
FC_INE_B OFFICE of The Ran Francisco
Pnll. corner of Market mii Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— BB7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
mo Have? street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
rir. Lnrkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
•:eet; open until 10 o'clock.
irci Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; "pen until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tv-ky str.-its; .pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of .Perfection "W"
No. I— Stated meeting THIS EVEN- 8\
ING, at 8 o'clock. __Ov.
GEO. J. KOBE, Sec. «_=£_
REGULAR meeting of the < '•:•■ I >- _
nlan Club THIS EVENING at 8 _4 \*y>J
o'clock, at Scottish Hall, 117 l^ar- "is^fcir
kin st. Nominations of candidates —^
for office. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office
of he company, 327 Market St.. in the City
and County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia or. SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember, 1533. for the purpose of considering |
proposition to disincorporate the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages. collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees. j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
UICYCI.K REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Marker and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
w«ek up. with board $5 50; suit for two with
board, $12; board. $4 week; meals, 2Co; ele-
vstor rune all night.
A NEW family hotel. SO7 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $43 up; single. $20.
HILL, 12'i— Two nloely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; private.
LRELL, 742— Large sunny front rooms;
good home cooking; also single rooms, $20 up.
PINE. 1222 — Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms: suite or single: refs. Miss Hutchlnaon.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — Baby for adoption by charitable,
lonely lady from Seattle; would care for
mother in confinement. Address, in confi-
dence, box 2978, Call office.
WANTED— A child to board; pay not so much
an object as company. 2719 Bus.h st.
BOOKS— NEW and old.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. \
Holmes Bnok Co.. 704 Minion st. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
LADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special — $165
Children's shoes, all styles, BV_ to 11%.... 75
Men's shoes, $1 up; send for price list. Peo- i
pie's Shoe Store. 13C3 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
; MILLINERY' store In Alameda: fine
Btock and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2
living rooms; sickness cause of sale. li. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— Slooo— ■ A LOON in wholesale district; establ.
years and doing a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent $30. Call R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st. __________
j- ■. v H bakery with furniture of 2
rooms; Polk st. Call WILKE. '.-•'< Market St.
JSOO— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms Included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
j- SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from
corner Market and Powell sts.; rent $40;
splendid paying business; a bargain. R. G.
WILKE. M' 6 Market st.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store:
on Union St.: living room; cheap rent; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 506 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $80; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market eL
$11'V>— SALOON; estab. 30 yrs.; Grant aye., nr.
Sutter; splendidly paying; large place to open
dancehall. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
BAKERY notions, candy; bargain this day;
$200. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, candy; bargain this
day; $200. COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant; best In city: cause
of sale sickness. COWING & - 995 Market.
SALOON: centrally located: rooms; cause of
sale, death. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
CIGAR store; near corner Market; cause, sick-
ness; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
THE best-paying business In the State for one-
third its value. COWING _ CO., 995 Market.
$:.■'• PARTNER In entirely novel enterprise;
already achieved grand success in city; will
prove simply a mint as regards future; whole
investment go toward enlargement of scope of
concern; ref. best people of State; applicant
must have gen. bus. ability. M. Lees, 765 Mkt.
A— sl7s— SALOON, one block from Market St.;
12 rooms; rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth $300. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
JIM BUYS good-paying branch bakery; $900
buys nice corner grocery: list of' business
propositions, bought, Fold and exchanged;
loans negotiated. EITEL, hTOBV. Market st.
GOING East; $1200 buys a profitable grocery
and bar in Presidio district: 3 living rooms;
rent $30. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 318
Clay st
|400— FINE corner saloon, 1 block from Market
Ft.; selling account of old age; good stock;
good place. JONES & CO., 866 Market at.
BARBERS— hotel barber shop for sale
in the center of this city; reason death of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHEU-
NERT, 927 Mars St.
CANDY Sacrifice; cause departure.
ROTHSCHILDS & EHRENPFORT. 118
Front st.
"WELL-FAYING dairy business; centrally lo-
cated; at a bargain; must be sold within 10
•lays. Box 2524, Call office.
WANTED— Partner, $250. half Interest patent
used on all steamers; valued $30,000. Box
_ 026. Call.
FOR Bale — Restaurant; business and location
good; rent cheap. 1941 Market st.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. 1601 Devlsa-
dero st.
TO let— Butter and egg stall in Grand Western
Market, 1312 Polk st. Inquire at stalls 1-2.
BIG bargain; 2-chalr shop cheap. If. sold this
week. Box 2SS9, Call office.
RUSHING bußlness for 10c or 15c restaurant at
your own price; complete order. 207 Second st.
»4500— LOT 100x200; corner San l>andro road
and Rose St.. near Frultvale: on electric car
line; new building: 7 living rooms; large j
ctore and saloon; elegant grounds; stable and
warehouse; 9 rustle outhouses; finest road-
side resort in AlamMa County; selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C.
CLUNDT. San Leandro. road, also Call
Branch, Oakland; San Leendro electric car
passes door.
FOR Bale at eacrince: retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate: long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1163 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position at
recond work or housework; email family; no
children. Apply 127 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st. •
PRIVATE house; IS rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box »47. Call office.
12500— One of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of ether business. Address L. 8.,
box 544, Call office.
CASH grocery business in Stockton; stock at
market rates; about $2500 capital required. Ad-
dress box 873. Call.
TO tell your business quick see SCHOTTLEIt
& CO.. 632 Market at.
FOR sale cheap, on account of other business—
Good paying laundry route. Box 721, Call.
BLACKSMITH and wagon business for »ale or
to let; long established; best 'section of the
State. C. B. STEANE, Pleasanton. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$2500—1 WANT a , good honest partner, with
this amount, in an established office business,
handling articles of great merit and universal
demand; I hold the exclusive right for sale
and manufacturing of these goods in the
United States and Canada; I need help; splen- 1
did profits; I have $2000 worth of. goods on
hand; wish to advance the business. Box
-SS6. Call office. -
FOR sale— Grocery and bar: fine location; good
cash trade; en account of going East. A_-
dregs box 2887. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha? been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ' Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
COVERED wagon, full set of harness, horse
7 years old; sell for reason no more use for
I them. 1125 Folsom St.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods res; rockaway. S2B Harrison at.
I CANOPY surrey, runabout and top buggy, new.
cheap. O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— 2 bakery wagons, one buggy; cheap.
649 Park .IV-.. East Oakland.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. KG AN & BON. 2117 Mission St.
! liyi SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys nn'i horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. 11.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-4O Bth St.: tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
'■ J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
DTICJ cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M lIUILALISM.
MRP. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- 1
bles- restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life. past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular i
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. |
205 Turk St. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant: j
sittings. $1: diagnosis free: "new method 1
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. ml, 7-10 p. m. : L., 25c; P.. EOc. 612 M Eddy.
I MME A CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat- 1
ters. 8 Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m.. 14 McAllister Ft., r. 35: admission lOc^
MRS. BURSH. 245 Fourth St.. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonble.
MRS HARLAND'S test circle to-night; articles
read, 10c; business readings, $1. 34 Sixth.
MME, HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
JOHN SLATER: circle to-night. 8:15; sittings
dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth Ft.
MME SYBILLE Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. Be; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU.ithe best medium and card
reader; Xc up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slatewriter. :
330 Ellis st.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific life
and carl reader. 989 Howard, cor 6th. office 23.
MRS C J MEYER. 335 McAllister; readings;
test meetings. 10c; circles, _8c; daily, 2, 8 p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212*. Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. o«c. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Fri.. < p. m.. 10c. K'3". Market.
_— ___
( I INK
CALIFORNIA Medical College, 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. f27 Market st.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooms and bath. 2821
Bush st.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $S. 610 Cas-
tro st.
5-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkin place, off Lar-
kin at, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
$14— FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
aye.. .off Sixteenth and Mission sts.; modern
Improvements.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market «t. . over Cafe ZRnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to th" gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from I (c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 GO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
Up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. '
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, remove!
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bids;., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGES W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, T443 Market ■_, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st,
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER— Deutacher Ziahnarzt. 6 Turk; lßt-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. R graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sunday b. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keaxny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring Fystem taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, CS7 Geary: dresses
made $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. :
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYREB have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ay res' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
u?e the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $60; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof, de Fllllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools, 927 Market, 8. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
j MISS M. <;. BARRETT la unable tcTfllf all de-
| manils for hep shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lessons personally and by
! mail. 302 Montgomery Bt.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ret. 100S Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANEiE~Tnformation Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment* Agency— furnished
free. 655 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V. O'Fairell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush St.; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
: A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rages, In wrapper, for mailing $1 per year.
i EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
' LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
; ality or description can secure same by call-
! ing on, addressing or telephoning MISh CU_-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.; telephone Grant 120.
RESPECTABLE German woman (Protestant)
wishes situation as working housekeeper or
work by the day; no objection to country.
Address LOUISA BROWN, Station M, P. O .
city.
WANTED— Intelligent middle-aged lady wishes
position as companion for widowed or in-
valid lady: references. Address MKB. ».,
1714 Polk st. ■ •
COMPETENT willing woman wishes to do
housework; is good cook and laundress: fond
of children; city or cross the bay; references.
Call 79 Jessie St. • .
AN American woman wants housework to do
(no trlfiers) in respectable family. Address
I 76.1 Market St.. room 12. •
j SWEDISH girl wishes position as co:>k; I*
first-class; wages $30; best references. 413
Jones st.
WANTED— Position by first-class laundress in
private family; day work preferred. 21.
Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants sit-
uation at general housework and cooking.
Address 424V_ Grove st.
GERMAN wishes position to do general house-
work in small family. Please call 12 Xatoma
Ft., room 6- ,
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work dur-
ing the day. C. P.. __ 927. tall.
BY an intelligent woman, a situation as nurse,
by the week or month; first-class references;
or as housekeeper with charge of invalid. Ad-
dress box 910, Call office,
EASTERN lady, with girl 8 years old. would
like position as working housekeeper In coun-
try. Box 920, Call office.
COMPETENT woman as nurse wants situa-
tion: would assist with other work; good
references. 618 O'Farrell St.
GERMAN girl, speaks good French, wants
situation at general housework and cooking
or upstairs work. 522 Stockton st.
YOUNG German woman wishes housecleanlng
by the day. MRS. HOLT. 1738 Market st.
GERMAN woman would like position as work-
housekeeper or take charge of lodging house;
good references. 522 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants Bo.me en-
gagements; would receive patients in her
home- good references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara St.. bet. Third and Fourth, Folsom and
Harrison.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 23c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A RESPECTABLE Danish lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Address
A. 8.. box 2937. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A — A— OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
WANTED — A common worklngman; Indoor
work: married; German or French speaking;
no board; wages $8 to $10 a week. Apply after
9 o'clock a. m., 15 City Hall square, opp. Bth,
MERCHANTS (wholesale) read this; profitable
side line wanted. Address Traveling Man,
box 2998. Call office.
WOULD like Job watching day, night; any
place of trust; reference or security; 10 years
last place. G. W. H., 1202^, Larkin st.
ROUSE cleaning and washing windows: all
kinds of domestic work by day, week or
month. 523 Jessie St.
PAINTER wants light work in hotel or lodg-
ing-house for the winter: handy with tools;
small wages. Box 2392, Call office.
JAPANESE, good and honest boy, wishes posi-
tion as school boy or other work. S. X., box
923, Call office.
YOUNG boy wants situation: email wages; any
kind of work. Box 925, Call office.
BARBER wants steady job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853, Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on ranch;
man experienced in poultry, dairy, orchard
and general farm work; handy with tools;
wife good cook. Address W, box 2819, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with good
moral habits as clerk In men's furnishing de-
partment: best of recommendations furnished.
J. K. L.. 745 Laguna st.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation In private place; can milk; handy
with tools; best of references. Address P.
LUND, 360 Seventh St.. Oakland.
WORK wanted by an honest, reliable married
man; willing to do anything; good references.
Box 918. Call.
• T-CLASS Chinese cook In private family;
good reference; wages $35. Call 917 Stockton
i-t.. room 1.
CHINESE cooks and laundrymen, first-class,
wish situations. Address HUIE JUNG, 1117V4
Stockton st.
MINER wishes work of some kind: is sober
and willing to work. Address Box 915, Call.
WANTED— Position as head gardener by a
Scotchman, 26 years; flrst-class experience;
11 years In the States; reference first-clasa.
Address box 1818, Call office.
YOUNG man Just arrived from Germany, who
has been for four years in the shipping com-
mission business, would like situation. In-
quire 442% Jessie st.
ENGINEER with first-class license would like
a situation: can do all kinds of engine and
boiler work. Address box 2394, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook in private family;
good reference; wages $35. Call 915 Stockton
St., room 1. __^ J
JAPANESE wants situation; wishes to attend
school; wages no object. KATO, 533 Sixteenth
St., Oakland.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
pondent with many years' experience in
wholesale business wishes position; excellent
city refs. Address Ledger, box 2817. Call.
RELIABLE man wants situation in general
merchandise or grocery store; will work cheap
to learn the business; good driver; references.
Address I. M. E.. 727 Bush St.
GARDENER (German), competent, reliable,
handy and useful, wishes situation In private
family, city or country; understands the care
of horses, cows, chickens; references. Box
2386. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
.mall ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 2977, Call office.
JAPANESE, young honest boy, wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. SHIGEDOMI,
box 982, Call office, i
SITUATION by electrician and engineer; 5
years' experience on dynamos and motors; last
6 years on construction work as electric light
wiring and electric heating, call bells, gas
lighting fixture hanging and general repair
work: I years In one chop. Ad. box 2855, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has i been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
EXCHANGE.
I .GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1203 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071V4 Market St., San Francisco; exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY- WINDOW 3-room basement; yard. 19
Hampton place, off Folsom. bet. 2d and 3d.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath: reasonable.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FOUR rooms and bath; murlne view; $18. 24
Reed st.; key at 1325 Washington st^
HANDSOME middle flat of 6 rooms and bath.
736 Fourteenth st., near Market.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat, 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NINETEENTH, 4056, east of Castro— Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
I NE. COR. •Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely
sunny upper modern 5-room flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia st., near Hyde.
$17 50— UPPER flat of six rooms and porcelain
bath. 541 Castro st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED^Furnlshed flat of 2 or 3 rooms for
housekeeping: good location; near Golden
Gate Park; plait), bath and closets; all pri-
vate; reasonable rent. Address 368 Clemen-
tina st. _^^^____^__
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. I<V per yard; linen warp i 15c:
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laiil and lined,
50c per yard. BASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for S4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
i WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllverstein, 1121 Market.
nm;ii.i>, kit.s, ktc
ELECTRIC seal cages. Astrakan yokes, $10 to j
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny, top flor.r.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS*
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 Inches In six 1
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth j
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St., San Francisco^
SOLICITORS at once; salary and commission.
Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1454 Market Bt.,
2 to 5.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
Rfter 4 p. m. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
3 WAITRESSES, south, $1\": waitress, Wood-
land, $20; waitresses. Gait. Pacific Grove, j
Walnut Creek, $20; fancy Ironer, room, board '
and fare, $25; 3 laundresses, city and country, |
$20, $25; 6 restaurant waitresses. $6 week; f
young nurseglrl (no office fee); 20 girls for
general housework, $20, $25. C. R, HANSEN I
& CO.. 104 Geary st. |
GERMAN or Scandinavian working house- :
keeper for small American family; must be!
good cook. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, j
WANTED— 2 German cooks. $35; German nurse, i
$25: Infant's nurse, $25; 2 second girls. $20, jr.;
Ironer. $25, country; Swedish chambermaid, !
$20: 4 cooks, plain wash. $30, German style; :
cook and second girl, same house, country; |
Chambermaid and waitress, country, $20; 2
hotel waitresses. $20; 30 girls for general |
housework. HO, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class j
hands need apply at 1200 Geary st., from 7:30
p. m.
WANTED — Experienced overall operators. Ap-
ply MEYERSTEIN CO., 23 Stevenson st.,
fourth floor.
WANTED— Woman of about 30 for general
housework; small family; wages $20. Apply
at 2524 Gough st.
WANTED— GirI to do plain ironing MER-
CANTILE TOWEL AND LAUNDRY CO..
2T.1 J.-ssle St., near Fourth.
WANTED — Young Klrl. to take care of baby
and assist in light housework; good home;
small family. 1929 O'Farrell^sC
GIRL to assist liKht housework; 3 adults. Call
10 to 2 at 2117 Hyde st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
2327 Bush st.
WANTED — Young girl for housework. 214
Hyde st. i
GIRI, for light general housework; *15. 2217
Octavia st., corner Jackson.
GIRL to 'assist in light housework; $10, car
fare extra; sleep home. 1108 Fulton st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general j
housework; $25. 1618 California, bet. 9-11 a, m. j
YOUNG girl for light housework; *12 to *15. 911
Pierce st.
WANTED— Woman 4 or 5 hours each 4ay; lodg-
ing-house. Call aft.-r 1 o'clock. 441 (l-ary st.
YOUNG girl: housework, cooking; 3 In family;
Mission; wages $1:>. 117 A Bartlett st.
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. FRANCES, '
796 Sutter b^
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove sts.
W< 'MEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
36'-.j Fremont St.; take elevator.
WANTED— A good waist hand. Apply at 609
Taylor Pt.
WAITRESS wanted; $6 week. 631 Clay st.
FUR machine operators. J. N. LOFSTAD, 14
Kearny st.
WANTED Girl for light housework; good
home. SOI Hayee st.
GIRL for general housework. 3448 Twentieth
St., cor. Capp.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED-MALE.
GERMAN cook, country hotel, $45; second cook,
hotel, 14"); third cook, hotel, $30; 2 cooks, city,
$10 and $12 a week; 2 hotel waiters, country,
$25 to $30 ; dishwashers, i. U-hen men and
Others. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 <;.-ary st.
FLORIST and gardener, country; gardener and
do porter work, country hotel, $25; young
Scandinavian or German to do Dorter work,
hotel. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
I 25 QUARRYMEN, *2 50 a day; 2 Burlelgh drill
men, $3 a day; 2 bridge carpenters, $3 a day;
hoisting engineer, $3 50 a day, see ho BS here;
stonemason for railroad work, $3 SO a day,
free fare; harnessmaker for a ranch. $35 and
board; ranch blacksmith, $35 and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
WANTED — American bookkeeper; American
clothing salesman, $10 a week and increase;
E quarrymen, $2 50 day; miners, $2 25 and $2 50
day; 50 laborers for mines, quarries and pick
and shovel work, *2 day: Bheep herder for
Mendodno County; laundryman for instltu-
tli n, $.>> and found: farmers. $20 and $26: 2
men and wives for private places. $45 and $50;
olKireman. $15: and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for Nevada. *50. fare refund-
ed; German cook and wife, $60; restaurant
cooks; baker, $10 week and found: waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED
Cook, small boarding house, near city, $40;
waiter, small hotel, near city, $22 50; 2 min-
ers. $35 and board; laborers for mine, *26 and
board; farmers and ranch teamsters for good
places, near city, *26 and board; milkers, $30;
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone South 51. Wm. Heberecht.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only at the
Barbers' Home: barbers Rnd bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hourß from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.; in con-
nection tin* sitting-room for unemployed bar-
bern: telephone South 51. WM. HABE-
HECHT, mariager, 12iY. Market St., cor of
Eighth, formerly of the Warehouse, Eureka,
Humboldt County, and Vallejo,
STEADY man to take orders and assist In
light commission bunlness: must be- satisfied
with $15 to $1R per week and have small capi-
tal. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— B good men to distribute circulars.
Apply after 7 a. m., 306 Pine St.. cor Front,
upstairs.
WANTED — Good German cook for Sacramento.
Apply at Milkers' Union, 526 Montgomery at.,
bet. 8 and 10.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for the country;
$14 per week. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Sev-
enth st.
MAKE $100 monthly: I will start you In busi-
ness; particulars; Instructions good to start,
$2. Address G. LULOA. S. F.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years of age to deliver
packages; apply at once. RAPHAEL'S.
V ANTED— First-class painters at 463 Geary
Btreet.
HELP WANTED
MURRAY & READY PHONE IN nr!I!
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS. ~ nT >v
WE SHIP YOU FREE.... RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS $2 DAY.
MURRAY & RItADY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS MECHANICAL HELP
22 carpenters. 9 months' Job, north $3 aay
6 carpenters, fare paid, Baw-nl'^"^
harneVsmaker: '. '. '. '. '. '. '. . '. " a• V • * 30 *"L d I°™*
tinners, wheelwrights.. ..good Jobs and wages
upholsters. $2 50 day. . .blockmakers $2 oO day
CAREFULLY MURRAY & READY.
READ THESE ...634 and 636 Clay st.
TO MINES. ...NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
29 laborers (you will suit).. s6o. $40 $3o and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
TO SAWMILLS.. ......WE PAY YOUR FARES
193 laborers $26 and $40 and found
crosscut sawyers, bark peelers, millmen.
woodsmen, woodchoppers, tlemakers Picket
makers, $50. $40, $30 and found; $2 00. $2. *1 50.
51 cord, 9c, 10c lie, 12c each. MLRRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay et. .
9PFOIAL •••••••
"45"farm,"orchard and dairy hands, $30, $26, $20
per month and found; 16 choremen and boys;
farmer and wife, $40; driver butcher wagon;
boys to learn trades, *15 and found; 6 stable-
men, $35. $30. $25 and found; 294 Jobs not ad-
vertised. MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 638
Clay st. .
2 FOREMEN reck railroad work, $2 60 to $3 day.
working foreman for ranch $40 and found
DRILLERS QUARRYMEN ETC.
12 four-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
19 teamsters, fare 50c... $2 and $2 25 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL LAUNDRY BAKERS
2 cake bakers, ornamentors $50
2 assistant bakers, $25 and fd; for laundries:
washers, markers, ironers, Troy machine, $30
and found; porters, pantrymen, 6 waiters, $30,
1 $25, $20 and found.
19 cooks $55, $50, $45, $35, $30 and found
12 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday. 407 Bush
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
131 Second st. •
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; wages |6;
1112 Kentucky St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 628 Broad-
way.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 638
Valencia st. .
BARBER wanted. Apply at 217 Fourth
street.
WANTED— Experienced silk neckwear cutter;
reference required. Box 924. Call office.
TWO carpenters wanted at 000 Stockton st.
WANTED— cook; *6. 680 Fourth st.
MAN wanted to wash dishes and help In the
kitchen. 101 Bay St., cor. Dupont.
MAN that milks; understands horses; make
himself generally useful. Fell and Stanyan.
BOYS wanted at S. F. and P. Glass Works,
Seventh and Townsends sts.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 345 Turk
street. '
LUNCH waiter for restaurant. Apply at 331
Bay st.
WANTED — A cook. Apply at 1012 Battery
street. i
GOOD waiter wanted at 907 Kearny st. Call
I at 7.
WANTED— First-class coatmakers on ladles'
coats: highest wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter.
WANTED— Compositor; lady or man. 40 Ellis
st., room 29.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help:
office hours from 8 a. m. to! p. m; In con-
nection fine sitting-room for unemployed bar- j
bers; telephone South 51. WM. HABE- |
RECHT. manager. 1205 Market, cor, of Bth.
WANTED— CIerk for grocery and liquor store
In country: only experienced, reliable help
with good references will be considered; ap-
plicants must state age, experience, whether !
married or single. Box 916. Call office.
MEN who worked last year on press election
returns apply this (Thu day) afternoon at 1
o'clock, room 9, Registrar's office, New City
Hall.
LADY or gentleman to solicit orders In the
city: liberal compensation. Address G. L.,
box 911. Call office.
WANTED— once, good coatmakers. SMILEY
& CO.. 104 Sutter st.
GOOD solicitor .for installment-payment tailor
business: wages or percentage. Box 2891, Call.
i WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, «till
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per we«k.
CABINETMAKERS wanted. Apply L. & E.
EMANUEL. 432 Fourth St. ..
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or «upper; be»t In city. 406 McAllister
•t., near Polk. ■
WANTED— Foreman for paddle factory; must
be sober, competent man, understanding
stamped work; send references and salary
wanted: steady position to right party. Ad-
dress PATRICK, MASTICK & CO., Portland,
: Or.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Fatu»lay wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue;
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bids, Third and Market.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices, :
1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 2"c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth, j
■ for a room; 2."c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2."c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages- call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ■ been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses direct
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable,
1517 Mission st., Tuesday, 11 o'clock. 3.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
2 HORSES and harness and two almost new-
top wagons. Livery Stable. 729 Valencia st.
CHEAP— Good road horse; any lady can drive
him; well bred. Address 605 Mission st.
I U , — . ... SB
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, ~" v ~~ r ~"
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE STH.
21-room house; $300 cash $700
28 rooms; clears $100 650
IS rooms; clears $80; rent $35 600
24 rooms; on Third St.: clears $100 650
9 rooms; on Mission st 800
45 rooms; corner; clears $200.. 1200
66 rooms (transient); clears $200 1500
48 rooms; on Market st.; rent $75 1300
v 60-room hotel and bar 6000
\ 115 rooms: best in the city 6000
40-room boarding-house 3200
50 others. 5 to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
KREDO & C 0..... 22% Geary st.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
The Following at Our Office Only:
*550—23 ROOMS; 1 block from Market: clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO., 22«4 Geary.
$500—11 ROOMS; near Post; cheap rent: fine
house: clears $30. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
good location; clears $75. KREDO & CO.
LODGING house for sale; $450; on account o*
departure: 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all
rented; rent $50. Apply at the place, 533
Broadway, city.
GRANT aye., 209—19 large rooms suitable for
first-class lodging house or will rent in floors
as factory. Apply on premises, 10 to 12 a. m.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer dally.
30- ROOM lodging house In Stockton for sale"
Address S. M. PARSONS, 126 Ellis st. • '
Philadelphia House, 421 Bush st. 48 rooms-
fur. ; gas and water; or take partner; $225. '
2 SMALL lodging houses for sale, or will take
-.■ partner. 604^ Mission St., room 6. . . %~
FOR sale cheap— Lodging house; 22 rooms; rent
$.'" 1021 Valencia st.
FOR Bale or exchange— House of 18 roome for
large house. Inquire Call Office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. »l per year!
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NEW 6-room house— Greenwich St., near Bu-
chanan; Fillmore or Union-st. cars; easj
rental terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64(
Market st.
112— HOUSE of 4 rooms: grand view; to a smali
family only. 425 Fremont St.. near Harrison.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. Vv
HOUSE to let— B rooms, bath, large yard. 3S<
Eureka St.. nr. Twenty-first; rent $15 a month,
VERY nice 5-room house for $8. 1567 Kearnj
st., near Greenwich.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
STRAYED away— A small dark bay horsed with
a white face. Finder will please communi-
cate with 530 Seventh st. as soon as possible;
telephone South 514.
Package containing flag addressed to
The Quartermaster, 46th Ui>S. Infantry, Pre-
sidio. Liberal reward will >be paid upon re-
turning It to 204 Battery st.
Discharge papers, First Washington U.
S. V.; VICTOR A. SLOAN. Please send 400S
Ellis aye., Chicago.
LOST— Pair gold-rimmed spectacles. Please re-
turn 393 Geary st.
FOUND— Gray horse, Wednesday. Owner call
blacksmith shop. Thirty-eighth and San Pablo
ayes.. Oakland. ..': '•■"- •.
FOUND— Greyhound. 1122 Kearny st.
LOST or strayed— A fox terrier dog, white and
brown spots; license 2436; answers to name
Muggins; reward. Return to WM. COLLINS,
1206 Kearny st.
LOST— black and white Llewellyn bitch; on©
eye almost entirely black. Return to 923
Haight st. and receive reward.
LOST— October 26, gold locket, initials A. B. t
containing 2 photos. Reward at 2757 Twenty-
fourth st.
LOST or stolen— From premises, 629 Fourth St.,
Friday evening, October 27, 1899, black and
white greyhound; suitable reward given.
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781: res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home In confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post st, between
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness ay».
and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st. ■'. -•
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 ye^rs; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Keainy; consultation free.
HOME In confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist, 1023% Market st.
I MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery, Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mls-
Elon St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
$22 50 — CAUSE, departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; 7 drawers; complete new
style attachments; cost $70. 704 Pine st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, /ells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new,2d hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market Bt.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Pop-
. ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 610 3olden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS Dants. $2 75; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTH PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: ;ras nng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 13 ' Bpal".
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHAS. LEWIS. 611
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
hourht. K. T.andpckpr &■ Co.. lIS Mr.nt^n-n
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price T-e will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap* and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donoho? bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition: r.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor, Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abov»
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates In probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages ' ught; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried prople on note with-
out lndorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 809 Examiner building.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— OId line life insurance policies;
highest cash price paid. A. T. KELLIHER,
Raymond House, Oakland, Cal.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California St.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 631 Market st.
AiUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of pianos is
now going on at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.;
don't delay if you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains In pianos
Is offered for a week at MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get the
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1856. and are to-day the
" b f?^.°. f Tc t , h best " See the new styles at
MAUVAIS , 769 Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & «CHASE'S.
»., 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE STEINWAY upright, left" by private
party— sacrificed. Room 12, Flood building"
Fourth and Market sts. *'
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
• AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
" gate and approve this method; prices are the
• same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
- in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
1 Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
, A— UPRIGHTS, $C 9 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
I W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
r GOOD upright piano for 5110 cash. KEEFFE'S.
1019 Van Ness aye.
! WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY,
308 Post st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURT AZ CO., 560 Hayes st. \
' PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
i GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— upright; cheap. SCHMIT2, 16
McAllister St., next Hibe-roia Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR RENT— A double store; one suitable for
restaurant; the other for barber shop and
cigar stand; opposite where new union depot
will be built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and
Townsend sts.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, sunny offices, $12 50 to $20 per month.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAAB?s7^upirof~Count St. Ger-
maln. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. . $1.
PERSONALS.
LESLIE C. HUKST will find it greatly to his
Interest to write to E. W. MORANCY, ad-
ministrator of F. K. HURST, deceased, Ver-
sailles. Kentucky, or to ANDREW THORNE.
Mills bldg., San Francisco, Cal. Any one
knowing him to be alive since 1889, or know-
ing him to be dead, kindly notify the above.
M. CUNNINGHAM, G. A. R. veteran. Address
Vermonter, box 2996. Call oflce.
IF those having catarrh will call at 36H Geary
they can be cured for 50c; office hours, 10 to 4.
ONLY store that buys old gold, Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third St.; send postal.
DRUNKENNESS— harmless, home cure. For
particulars address P., P. O. box 483, San
Jose, Cal.; confidence respected.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LEDERER'S Quintonica not only cleanses »ha
scalp, but beautifies the hair, gives a fine
gloss. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
GO to LEDERER and have your hair dressed
a la mode for only 25c; Lederer restores jray
hair to its natural color with Schemer's Col-
orine, 75c box. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 75; pants,
$3 75 or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
camples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market st., St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent, Tradmaric
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter at.. Laws a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
Me to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work in all branches;
examinations free. 719 Market st., rms. 2 & 3,
LABORERS, rare opportunity— Have recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson ; can
furnish reliable Information, etc. Address
box 271. Call.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 60 up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth St.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 233 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 6
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ). 706 Ellis st
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods batfgbt,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St., nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sanaome'st.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pina-.ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
' , ... . . -,-.■.. ..--.-. .!,.., % _
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, of flea "and residencer
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4E00; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
$900 FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot 50x100,
in Oakland: terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month: lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
lIENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL — COUNTRY — For Sale
A— ACRES farming land near Sunol, Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m. --
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard: water; rear; rent $7.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FIRST. 28 — Three front furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; $10 a month.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— Kitchen, bed-
room, yard: hot and cold water; other rooms..
_
HOWARD, 761%- Sunny bay-window suit* witV
kitchen; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 829— Suite of nice housekeeping
rooms, $10; also other rooms.
IVY aye., 241, near Hayes and Franklin sts.—
2 and 3 lovely furnished rooms; sun; sink;
$13 and $16; adults.
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month; central.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room furnished for
light hkpg; $5; also back room, same, $3 50.
O'FARRELL, 208—3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms; reasonable.
PINE, 1436. northeast cor. Polk— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; sun all day; also single.
RUSS, 149—2 or 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms on sunny side the street; neat
home for parties without children: references
required; rent $12 for 2 or $15 for 3 rooms.
SEVENTH, 17S— large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; large yard; bath.
SEVENTH 192— large unfurnished room;
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
STOCKTON. 60S— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg.
TURK, 540—3 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
lng; large yard. «*<-■;"-:
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping; $10.
WEBSTER, 711—2 or 3 large handsome rooms,
• furnished or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
: Ipncla st. ■-. ■ • __^^__
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfnrn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator:
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St.. near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK -HOUSE, 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
; light housekeeping; open all night. '
AT The Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
also single room, without board.ROOMS TO — Fnrn. nm 1 . Infnrn. |
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
rath: rooms oac to $160 day. MRS. J. KING.
BIRCH aye., 25— Neatly furnished front room;
bath; very reasonable.
BURNETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFTORD, :04 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
lurniFhed tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United State- Hotel)— Clean, neat
roon.s; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY^2IO— Two furnished parlors to let.
FILLMORE. 2320. bet. Clay and Washington—
[Nicely; furn. front bedroom with use of bath.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men: also housekpg.
"ULTON, 431— A single front room for a gentle-
man.
JEARY, iIT-Furnished or unfurnished rooms-
rent reasonable.
3EARY, 3S4— Two sunny front rooms for man
nnd wife or 2 gentlemen.
c;F-ARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn" i
roctns; travelers accommodated. MRS. hyer' I
GRAND SOUTHERN-lnutheast cor. Seventh !
and MlSFlon sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Flngk; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
roomlr.g house; $1 50 to $« per week.
HAWTHORNE. ISO— Single front room for gen-
tleman; $5 per month.
lj _ GH^S House. 214 Third— Newly renovated
25c to 0c per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
[ONES. 41S-Sunny. newly furnished front and
jback j roonw;j |H.ms.T 120; gents preferred.
MCALLISTER. BTS-Two or three unfurnished
tvur.s; nw house; Inquire 612 McAllister st.
MCALLISTER, 7024-Sunny furnished or un-
furnlfhed rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
N^J OMA ' *Z— l furnished housekeeping rooms;
»10 a month.
- — _
?CATOMA. : I7IB,i in 1 rear— 2 large rooms; rent $5.
SEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
&c day up; $2 week up; transient.
DAK, 110— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window riKim. bath, gas; also flngle bedroom. |
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
oltlcpg; elevator; electric lights; day, wk..mo.
O'FARRELL. 329— Large sunny front room and
board for two gentlemen.
PINE. HO— Nicely furnished sunny alcove room;
modern conveniences; gentlemen preferred.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
jarlor; rooms, per ni^ht. 3:.c to $1 50; week, $2
to $,$; mcnUx, $8 to $30; elevator on office floor;
r>Hns with hot, cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
p:\TH, 19— Light furnished rooms; $125 per
■i^k; call after 6.
SIXTH, 105— Furnished front rooms; also oth-
ers; 'rent reasonable.
FVTTER. Office of late Dr. Robertson;
■^ther sunny furnished rooms.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny room.
with closet and kitchen complete; $9.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. Ii HUGHES, Proprietor.
TURK. 514 A —Comfortable furnished moms,
ruitabln for gentlemen; reasonable; central.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUlscrlptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS VTED.
TRAINED nurse wishes small room where
telephone is in house. Address box 933. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$! MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
mtchine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, ■old, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 2"5 Fourth St.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
("'<"> 41' Montgomery -" rooms 9-10: tel. S.*2o.
STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
SUGAR stock: fully paid up: no assessments; !
pays 20 per cent annual dividends; safe, re- j
liable Investment: particulars at office. ED-
WIN W. WOODAVARD & CO., 11 Monti
•-ry st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
7C2 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 15.
PIKHCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. j
f'rlc*. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
PT<">RE to lease.; Mission st., bet. First and
Second; lot'gixlOO. J. TQM KINS. " Minna.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years. ■■
The P.oy Jewelry, and Optical Co.. 540 Keamy.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$ISOO— LOT £oxlso. with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank. etc.
. $2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 room*
end bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2800— Lot 40x150, on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
P)0 caeh. Uace 125 per month.
. $2350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
1500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st. j
GREATEST bargains ever offered in Alameda;
ho'JFes to rent in all parts of Alameda, E.
T\ .Tt'DD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A.ND BOARD.
HOME for ladle? in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DH. FUXKC, 1416 Bth. i
I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange for San Francisco property—
House of 7 rooms; lot 186x125; within two I
blocks of railroad and half block from electric i
cars; price $4000. Apply J. J. MASON, ad-
Joining Postofllce, Berkeley. j
YOU •'ould nee three new houses Just being fin-
lEhed In the Hillf-nasg Tract; with all modern j
Improvements; v.ithin 5 minutes' walk from |
the Diversity, and only 4 blocks from Dwight ;
way station; lots E>oxl6o; for sale either for [
caeh or easy terms. JOS. J. MASON, adjoin-
ing stofnee, Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MABON. Real Estate, adjoining
P 0.. Berkeley.
ALMOST new cottajje of I rooms, bath, pan-
try, hall, folding doors, bay windows; high I
basement; f>r!ck foundation; stationary tubs;
strt-c-t scwer<-d nnd macadamised; concrete
HUlewalk; lot 37%x_5; chicken house; close J
to station, Fchool. stores and churches; price
$1850; only $lf,o raeh, balance $15 per month:
cheaper than rent; take Berkeley train, get i
o.T at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH _
PERKINS^ Open Sundays.
COOP 4-room house, near station; good loca-
tion; price only $800; $75 ca:<h. balance $8 00 |
per month: good well of water and good lot:
this Is a snap; taVe Berkeley train, get off
at Lorin station. a»«k for RUDOLPH _ PER-
KINS. Open Sundays.
BIG bargain: house of 8 large rooms, bath, pan-
try hot and cold water; high basement; cor-
ner': lot 100x120; fruit trees; chicken housp;
well 100 tect deep; windmill and tank; only
■1 block from station ; clone to electric cars,
school, churches, stores, etc.; prion 126G0 only; '
$200 cash balance, $20 per month; take Berka-
U-v train, get off at . tin station and ask-for
RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
M(X^_STOP paying rent; only $100 low] bal-
ance $11 per month. Including interest., will
boy a nice 5-room cottape with all modern ■
improvement?. W. 8. MOHAN, Lorin station, ,
Berkeley. |
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
fall 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO 1.1.1.
HANDSOME! residence. 0 rooms, bath, barn; 559
24th. Inquire R. Franks, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lit- and Franklin, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH, balance $.*> monthly; 10 lots sacri-
ficed, at Lorin in Oakland; electric cars: 2
blocks local train; electric and gas lights,
city water, etc.; owner widow lady; must sell
at a sacrifice. Particulars J. W. LAY-
MAN 636 Market St., 2 to 4 p. m.
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on Frultvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130: horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
•ell. Box £11. Call.
For sale— Building: lot. near Telegraph aye..
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nlted States, postpnld. for $1 per year.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM- j
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex- ;
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for !
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation.
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1599. at 10 !
o clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court, I
Department No. 2, in the City Hall of the .
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
tand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By _. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Cleric.
ff»Bl.l
proposals. ~
university" 6f~california.
berkeley.
notice to contractors. builders
and material men.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
pealed proposals or bids are solicited for the i
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo- !
ratory building on the University grounds. i
Berkeley. Cal.. and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there- '
for; and said bids or proposals will be re- •
ceived at the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University, In South Hall !
Berkeley. Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p m '
Of the 6th day Of November. 1899.
And notice Is hereby further given that the
plans and specifloettons of said buildings have
been made and adopted and are placed In the '
office of Curlett & McCaw. architects. 814 !
Phelac building, San Francisco, where the !
same may be seen and examined during each
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be" considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf- '
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If said bid or i
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract j
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said proposal, and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con- I
tract. The right to reject any and all bids is j
hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act. en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University or j
California," approved March 25. IS6S, and an i
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1572, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Repents.
E. A. DENICKE. Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24. 1899.
ii ■ :
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John F. Egan and Christine S. Fiddflke... i
R. T. Lyng and Lillian Lawson 36-26
Maurice Reich and Lillian Aufrichtlg 24-22 j
James Croft and Ella Hunting 43-23
.Luis Franco and Dolores Espinoza 3"-27 '
Nicholas Blanken and Chona Schaaf 65-54
Sampson M. Crow Marinda A. 81ake. .30-2S ;
G. B. Ferrerra and Maria Lagomaslno 29-19 '
B IETHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed :
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hav>* the same published.
BORN.
REESER— In this city. October 23. 1899, to the
wife of J. W. Reeser. a son.
MURPHY— In this city, October IS. 1599, to the
wife of Charles F. Murphy, a son.
. : MARRIED.
KLEINHAMMER— In this city. No-
vember 1, 1599, by the Rev. J. Fu--ndeling, j
Ernest A. Meyer and Frieda H. Kleinham-
mer.
MIDDLEHOFF— In this city. No-
vember 1, ISS9, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, i
A. J. Styche and Mr?. Caroline E. Middlehoff. '
both of San Francisco.
_____
~ died7~
Anderson, Emily E. Klttnauer, Anton
Bischi Mary L. Lee. Essie I.
Borho. Mary McCarthy, John
Boucher. Arthur E. Murphy, Mary
Bowne. Emma L. Perry, Edgar W.
Bowser. William W. Ramsdell, Joseph
Brosnan (infant) . Richards. William B.
Brown. John M. Rlley, Dennis
Byrnes, John Roach. Mary
Cole. Sarah E. Schoenfeld. Fannie
Cronman, Andrew Spence. Jennie
Daly, Ellen Stevens. John F.
Flnnle. William Stohl. Charles A.
Fitzgerald, Michael Stratton, Arietta C
Gaibreath, Samuel Strozynskl Stanislaus
Gllmore, George J. Sweeney, James E. .
Hendley. Thomas B. Tobln. Thomas
Hunt, Cynthia M. Wilkens. Alma S.
Johnson, Julia Wolfe. Bertha,
Kane. Michael
ANDERSON— In this city, November 2, 1899,
Emily E., beloved wife of Adolph Anderson)
mother of Ethel and Adolph Anderson, daugh- !
ter of Bertha and the late Otto M. Mayrisch,
and Sister of Mrs. A. Olson and Otto, Wil-
liam, Carl, Herman and Fred Mayrißch, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years 7 months
and 2 da vs.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 5. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 330 Fourth avenue, near Point Lobos
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BISCHOFF— In • this city, November 1, 1899,
Mary Louise, beloved wife of Emanuel
Bischoff, mother of Gertrude Bischoff. and j
sister of Chrietian Muller and Mrs. Henry ;
Beck, a native of Essllngen, Germany, aged
27 years 3 months and 13 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 857 Mission street, thence to
Sulem Church, corner Twenty-second and
Sbotwell streets, where funeral services will j
be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BORHO— In this city, November 1, ISM, Mary.
beloved wife of Charles Borho. mother of
Kittle, Millie, Anabelle and Clara Borho. and |
sister of Thomas, Belle, Charles and Robert
Flanlgan, Mrs. N. de Puy and Mrs. W. Bel-
del, a native of Canada, aged 34 years and 9 I
months.
(C7Frlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1311 Pine street, between Hyde and j
Larkin, and thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, !
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetetry.
BOUCHER— In Virginia City, Nev., November
I. 1899, Arthur E., husband of Annie E.
Boucher, and son of Sarah S. and the late
James Boucher.
BOWNE— In this city, November 2, 1899, Emma
L. Bowne, beloved wife of the late William
F. Bowne. mother of the late William S.
Bowne. and daughter of William Stebblns of
New York, aged 85 years and 3 months. ■
BOWSER— In Fort Bragg, William Worth
Bowser, a native of Woodsfleld, Ohio, aged CO
years.
p The funeral will be held this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from hi? late residence,
141 Julian avenue. Friends are Invited.
BROSNAN— In this city, November 2, 1839, In-
fant son of Jeremiah C. and Mary C. Bros-
nan. a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months
and 2 days.
|_Tlnterment private in Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BROWN— In East Oakland. November 2, 1899,
John M , husband of Rachel Brown, and
father of Mrs. Captain J. B. Aulin and Mrs.
Blanche Reynolds, a native of Ohio, aged 87
years 'i months and 4 days.
BYRNES— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2. 1899, .!■ -Tin Byrnes, a native of
Ireland, aged CO years'.
COLE— Entered Into rest. November 2, 1899,
Sarah E., widow of the late .Tosiah L. Cole,
and mother of Mrs. S. E. Duncan and Mrs.
11. T. Carpenter, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged SS years 11 months and 15 days.
CRONMAN— In this city. November 2. 1899,
Andrew Cronman, a native of Finland, aged
CS years.
DALY— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember -. 1899. Ellen Daly, a native of Ire-
land, aged 44 years.
FINNIE— In this city, November 2, ism, Wil-
liam Finnic, iiL"-<l 55 years.
FITSSSERALD— In this city, November 2, 1893,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Mary
A. Fitzgerald, and beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Collins and Mrs. J. Wallace, a native of the
parish of Blossomforth, County Cork, Ire-
land.
E7Trlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
8:30. o'clock, from his late residence, 3356
Twenty-third street, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1899.
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GALBREATH— In this city, November 2, 1899,
Samuel Gaibreath, a native of Ireland, aged
74 years. .
GILMORE— In Alameda, November 2, ' 1899,
George J., beloved son of J. B. and Rosetta
Gllmore, and brother of Willie C. and Walter
J. Gilmore and the late Elmer Gilmore, a na-
tive of California, aged 1 year 11 months and
2 days. ■.; , - v ■■-<-,.
HENDLEY— In Fairfleld, Cal., October 31. 1899,
Thomas Bayley Hendley, father of Mrs. Jen-
nie Wyman, a native of Littleton, Middlesex
County, Mass., aged 72 years 11 months and
3 days.
HUNT— In Oakland, November 2, IBM, Cynthia
M. Hunt, beloved mother of Charles W.. Ul-
rtc G., J. L.. W. E. and J. J. Hunt. Mrs.
W. F. Chapin. Mrs. W. H. Wenham, Mrs. C.
B. Clore an Mrs. C. W. Nesiey, a native of
Michigan, aged 61 years 7 months and 9 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of her son, 701 Thirty-fourth street.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 1. 1599,
I Julia, beloved wife of James K. Johnson,
mother of Albert, lola. James, William and
Joseph Johnson, daughter of Margaret and
; John Holland, and sister of Daniel and John
; Holland and the late Mrs. Jennie Casey, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 39 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2326 Folsom street, thence to the
j Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
I KANE — Alameda, Michael, beloved husband
: of Margaret Kane, father of Mrs. Elizabeth
Buckley, Mrs. R. W. Theobald and Miss Mol-
lie, F. E. and Charles Kane, and brother of
James ■M. Kane, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years.
C?"Friend«i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 752 Railroad avenue, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Alameda, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated, commencing at
10 o'clock, for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment private, St. Man's Cemetery, Oakland,
Cal.
KITTNAUER— In this city, November 1. 1899,
Anton Klttnauer. father of Mrs. John EcUert,
a native of Germany, aged M years.
CCFrlt-nds and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
I ■•hapel or the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
i pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flret.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEE (nee LARDNEK)— In this city, November
2, lv:i. Essie 1., wife of Robert S. T. Lee.
I and mother of Mrs. C. L. Koster and Henry,
j F. and Maud E. Lardner. a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, apred 4 > years.
C_Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
I residence of her daughter, 123 Stelner street.
Interment private.
MCCARTHY— In this city. November 2, 18W,
John, beloved husband of the late Julia Mc-
Carthy, father of James, Annie, Justin, Nel-
lie and Edward McCarthy, and uncle of Bart
McCarthy, a native of Shannonvale, Clona-
i kilty, County Cork, Ireland, aged 67 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
i dence of John Drlscoll, 474 Jessfe street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mars will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I MURPHY— In this city, at the Potrero, No-
| vember 2. 1599, Mary, beloved wife of Come
I lius Murphy, mother of May Murphy, and sis-
ter of Michael Tracey, a native of County
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 33 years. -;; 1
(^"Notice of. funeral hereafter.
PERRY— In this city, November 1. 1599, Edgar
Walpole Perry, a native of England, aged 30
years.
!C?"Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, In Los Banos, Mer-
[ ced County, Cal. The remains can be seen
at the parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 313
Mason street, until 10:30 o'clock to-day.
RAMSDELL In this city. November 1, 1899,
Joseph Ramsdell. beloved husband of Dru-
cilla Ramsdell, a native of Plymouth, Mass.
(Newburg, N. V., papers please copy.)
ITT^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
j tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 2
i o'clock, from t hi- residence of Mrs. H. Wey-
| Rant. 953 Harrison street. Interment private.
RICHARDS— In this city. November 2. 1899,
William C, beloved son of William and Mary
Richards, brother of Katie. Annie, Eugene
and May Richards, and nephew of Owen
Richards, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years 5 months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 250 Dora street, between Harrison
j and Bryant, Ninth and Tenth, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RILEY— In this city, November 1, 1399. Dennis,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Rlley, father
of John, Nellie. Thomas, Katie and Mary
Riley. and brother of John and Daniel Rlley
and Mrs. O'Connor, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aeed GO years. A member of Noe
Valley Lodge No. 185, A. O. U. W. :-•."; ■.;••• < : -
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at .20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1940 Mission street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high -mass
will be celebrated for the repose of h'.s soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
, TO officers and members of Noe Valley Lodge
,No. 185, A. O. U. W.— You are hereby notified
to assemble at 1940 Mission street, this day
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brother,
Dennis Rlley. By order of
D. WARD. Master Workman.
J. C. SCOTT, Recorder.
ROACH— In this city, November 1, 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of Joseph Roach, and daughter
of Annie Williams (nee Cassidy), a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 23 years and 10 [
mor.tns.
ttyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 162 West Park street. Holly Park,
thence to St. John's Church (formerly St.
Mary's College), where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
foul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHOENFELD— In this city, November 2.
18&9, Fannie, beloved wife of the late Solo-
mon Sohoenfelu, mother of Jennie. Etta and
Leo Bchoenfeld, and sister of Mrs. I. Gold- i
stein, S. H. Collins and Mrs. L. Relnstein. a
native of London, aged 53 years 10 months and
7 days.
SPENCE— In this city, November 2, 1899, Jen-
nie. youngest daughter of John and Helen F.
Spence of Santa Barbara, a native of Santa
Barbara, aged 21 years 9 months and 1? days.
STEVENS— In Los Angeles, October 29, 1899,
John F. Stevens, beloved son of the late Sarah
A Stevens, and brother of Mrs. E. S. Lam-
♦ port of Salem, Or., a native of Victoria, B.
C, aged 35 years 1 month and 16 days.
BTOHL— In Soledad, Monterey County, October
31 ISO?. Charles A. Stohl, beloved husband of
Ol'ga E. Btohl, a native of Finland, aged 28
years 3 months and 19 days.'
[CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
P Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STRATTON— In this city, November 2. 1599,
Arietta C. Stratton, a native of Providence,
R. 1.. aged 51 years.
: BTROKYNSKI— In this city, November 2, 1899,
Stanislaus Strozynski, beloved brother of B.
Strosynskt, a native of Poland, aged 49 years
C months and 8 days.
' (£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 5, at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
I of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to St. Mary's
' Church, corner of California and Dupont
streets, for services commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In - this city, October 3L 1899,
1 James Edward, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Margaret ' Sweeney, and beloved brother of
the late George Sweeney and the late Mrs.
Malaney, a native of San Francisco, aged 41
years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 673H Harrison street, thence to- St.
Rosa's Church. Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where - a high mass will
be said at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
TOBIN— In Ban Leandro. October 31. 1599,
Thomas, beloved son of Catherine and the
late John Tobin, and brother of Mrs. | M. T.
Lord, a native of Lowell, Mass., aged 33
years.
(CT'Frl.-'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 757 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
WILKBNB— In this city, November 2, 1899,
Alma Sophie, dearly beloved daughter of Otto
F. and Ade!<* Wllkens, grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. John Burfelnd, and niece of Dr. Wil-
liam Burfelnd, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 yeaO 7 months and 27 days.
r rFrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 884 Bay street, near Larkln.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WOLFE— this city, November 2, 18P3, Ber-
tha Wolfe, beloved mother of Mrs. B. Wach-
older, Mrs. Leon Greenberg, Mrs, Bam Wolfe,
Mrs. S. B. Rothenberg. Mrs. Joseph WeiSS-
bein of Grass Valley and Miriam and Senator
i; I. Wolfe, a native of Germany, aged 70
years and 5 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10- o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 647 Baker street, corner of McAllister.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HtNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIF.ECTOP.S AND EMBALMER3,
Vi Firth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
■ Telephone South Bfc ' ■
I/V\o/*\/OY _ CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market Bt., between Bth and Dth. |
Telephone South 247. I
HORACE DAVIS
LABOR'S CHAMPION
Continued from Seventh Page.
experience; they have in no degree im
paired his energy ur dulled his apprecia
tion of the rights and needs of the labor
ing man. If the labor organizations have
ceased to pass resolutions praising him
for his good work in their behalf it is be
cause he has during the past few years
withdrawn to a great degree from active
participation in politics, and not because
be has ceased to be deserving of their
good will. If Horace Davis was deserv
ing of the enthusiastic support and praises
of the worklngmt.'ii of San Francisco
twenty, fifteen or ten years ago he Is de
serving of them now. If the hardy toilers
who delighted to honor their champion
in those years when he was battling for
them in "the halls of Congress and who
has always shown a kindly interest in
their welfare as an employer and as a
citizen still retain the old feeling of af
fection for the man Horace Davis will be
elected. He has never done anything to
mar his splendid record as the true friend
of the laboring man. and if he is placed
in the Mayor's chair he will give San
Francisco an honest, capable administra
tion, and the rights of tho toilers will re
ceive as much consideration as those of
any other cla.^s of citizens. No one who
knows Horace Davis doubts this.
HON. HORACE DAVIS
AMONG HIS FRIENDS
Honest Workingmen Cheer the
Republic n Nominees.
The workingmen of the Twenty-eighth
District filled every inch of sitting and
standing room in the large hall at Folsom
and Second streets last night. The meet
ing was presided over by Thomas Bryant,
who in a few well-chosen words intro
duced the speakers of the evening, the
first of whom was Hon. Horace Davis.
The appearance of the next Mayor of San
Francisco was thfr-occasion for an ovation
from the hard-working men of the section
of the city where Mr. Davis had given
employment to thousunds of laborers for
a number of years and where every man
and woman in the neighborhood was
ready to vouch for kindness of heart and
liberality to such as needed his assisU
ance in the days gone by.
In the few remarks made by Mr. Davis
ho was applauded to the echo, and on his
departure from the platform he was
stepped in the body of the hall by hun
dreds of the men who knew him personal
ly and assured of their votes on next
Tuesday.
Among the Republican nominees who
made short addresses were: C. L. Nagle,
W. Watson, Judge JT. L. Joachimsen, C.
A. Low, W. '/.. Tiffany. W. A. Deane and
J. H. Scott. Alfred J. Morganstern, R.
B. McClellan and Major C. W. Kyle spoke
for the general ticket. The appearance of
Martin Kelly in the body of the hall
br< ught forth a round of cheers, which
would not down until he was forced to
ascend the rostrum, where he said: "I
am out for the Republican ticket from top
to bottom. I have been a Republican all
my life, and tho Examiner cannot drive
me out of the party. I ask you one and
nl! to vote the entire Republican ticket."
(.Cheers.)
REPUBLICAN RALLY
IN THE THIRTY-THIRD
Plain Exposition of the Issues
of the Present Campaign.
The Republicans of the Thirty-third
Assembly District held an enthusiastic
rally at Mission Opera Hall last evening.
The fact that competent and interesting
speakers would speak on the vital issues
that affect the present campaign served
to attract a large and intelligent audience,
among which were a number of ladies.
Seated on the stage were Martin Jones i
chairman. Secretary Ralph Nathorn and i
Z. I. Dodge; County < 'ommitteemen J. j
K. C. Hobbß, M. V. Taylor, Z. T. Barber!
and H. C. Henderson, and several gentle- j
men who acted as vice pfesidi ots, be
sides several candidates who appeared
during the evening.
The first speaker was Hon. F. X.
Schoonmuker, whose able and convincing i
talk on the prominent part which national j
issues play in this election won for him
earnest attention and hearty applause, j
When he f aid that it was "not a question ]
of men. Imt of destiny, and the election
of Horace Davis meant a continuation of |
McKlnley'fl policy, which has placed Call- I
fornla on the very pinnacle of prosperity,"
tho applause was deafening and continued j
for some time.
Irving M. Scott was the next speaker, !
and his appeal for the earnest support !
df the itiz^ns of the community for !
Horace Davis, whom he regarded as the ;
highest type of American manhood, also j
met with the deserved plaudits of tho
gathering.
I'.ivid .1. Murphy told of the good deeds
of the Republican candidate for the j
Mayoralty in aiding tho poor p«-ople in !
dark timi»s of poverty, and the following
candidates prumised to properly carry out j
the duties of the respective offices for j
which they aspire: Dr. A. D. McLean, G.
H. Jackson, Douis Feusier, John Farn
hnm, represented by R. 1.,. Hathorn;
Judge Joachimsen, George Shaw, Dr. E.
N Torello, S. Foster and Colonel T. V.
Eddy.
SHOUTS AND CHEERS
FOR REPUBLICANS
Horace Davis' District Turns
Out in Large Numbers.
Plxley Hall, on the corner of Polk and
Pacific streets, was packed to the street
| last night when Chairman Brandt called
the meeting to order. It was a Repub
lican gathering of the Forty-first District,
j the club of which has for its president
Horace Davis.
No band or bonfire was needed to fill
i the hall with eager, enthusiastic voters,
yet both of these political adjuncts were
furnished. According to the programme
the candidates were to start from Pixley
Hall and then go the rounds. There was
some delay in their arrival, but the crowd
which filled every nook and cranny of the
hall manifested no Impatience and lis
tened with rapt attention to the district
orator, Sidney M. Ehrman.
When Mr. Davis arrived the enthusiasm
knew no bounds and the shout of wel
come was carried down the hall and out
on the street, where many who could not
be accommodated with seats were stafld
lng. Not for some time has there been
I such a spirited meeting in the Forty-first
and everything presages a return to the
old-time Republican majorities.
JAMES H. BUDD AT
B'NAI B'RITH HALL
Eulogized Democratic Candi=
dates at the Reed Meeting.
Friends of Charles Wesley Reed, of
Pholanism and others convened at B'nai
B'rith Hall last evening, as Presiding
Chairman Jamefl O'Brien put it, "to listen
to words of wisdom on municipal Issues
and to listen to a Bpeech by the superb
r.-f'Ttner on State lines, who was a re
former before reform was thought of. ex-
Cowrnor Budd. " Mr. Budd was warmly
greeted by the crowd and then began to
assail those who hud Incorporated na
tional issues wi'h local Issues during tho
campaign. He eulogized Heed to some
extent, dwelt at length on his statement
thai the ♦government of San Francisco
cost the people ft sum as large as that
required to conduct the State government
ami rt-tired. _,
In his address Governor Budd said:
The 'only mistake I think our democratic
brethren made— and I am frank enough when I
think a ihlnp to say It— is in that portion of
tin- jilatfnrm Whers 'hey try to draw in State
Issues. This Is Inconsistent with our attitude
In this fißht and entirely outside the limits of
municipal concerns. Now, we are not on a
State platform. We are on a local platform.
With the exception of myself all the speakers
here to-night are citizens of San Francisco.
The portion of the platform which invaded the
province of the State on the water front Is
that portion which essays to criticize the port
charges. This criticism is unfounded. It was
therefore politically unwise and logically In
correct. It is a fact susceptible of the most
positive proof that the port charg-es of San
Francisco will compare favorably with tfeOM of
any large harbor in the world, and I desire to
say that the management of the present Board
•if Harbor Commissioners Is economical and
efficient. Under a law passed by the last
Legislature, reinforced by the wise action of
the present executive and the other members of
the Board of Examiners, greater economy Is
practiced than ever before. The present reform
movement In San Francisco In the Democratic
party Involves citizenship in its highest and
besi sense, and we cannot afford to be either
unjust or unfair with ourselves any more than
with our Republican neighbors.
Mr. Reed then addressed the gath- I
erlngr, saying in part that after the
Democratic Board of Supervisors came
into power the school children would not ;
be forced to walk over rotten boards and i
go home a walking pestilence, but true to |
their pledge the Democrats would spend
$1.000,<M) on new schools, $150,000 improving j
others, $5/>OO.OOO on sowers.
John J. Barrett and Peter J. Curtis,
Democratic nominee for Supervisor, also
addressed the meeting, after which the
crowd, rilled to the brim by words of
wisdom delivered by men who were re
formers when reform was unknown, filed
out into the open.
FORTIETH IS STRONG
FOR HORACE DAVIS
Spirited Meeting of Republicans
at Franklin Hall.
Franklin Hall, on Fillmore street, near
Bush, resounded with cheers for Horace
Davis last night. The citizens of the
Fortieth came early, and before the meet
ing 1 was called to order by Chairman J.
T. Williams the large hall was packed
with voters.
Men flocked from all over the district
to hear the speakers, and they did not
stint applause or enthusiasm. Edmund
Tauszky. Lucius Solomons and Myron
"Wolfe entertained the audience by bright
speeches in which campaign issues re
ceived a fair and honest consideration.
Horace Davis entered the hall later in
the evening and was cheered to the echo.
If the Fortieth District meeting last night
is a criterion there will be a Republican
sweep there next Tuesday. The candi
dates dropped in from time to time and
spoke for themselves and the ticket. The
enthusiasm, which was at no time lack
ing, was spontaneous and expressive.
PHOENIX CLUB HOLDS
A ROUSING MEETING
Horace Davis Enthusiastically
Received by a Big Audience.
. The Phoenix Republican Club held a
rousing meeting last night at Scottish
Hail. Tne spacious hall was crowded to
the doors and the enthusiasm ran high.
General A. 1... Hart presided. When Hon.
Horace Davis arrived the audience rose
and cheered him to the echo. Mr. Davis
discussed the issues of the campaign and
was heartily applauded from time to time
during his remarks.
Among the candidates who addressed
the meeting were Edwin M. Sweeney,
Charles G. Nagle and L.. G. Carpenter,
candidates for Police Judge; John Lack
mann, candidate for Sheriff; Albert
Heyer, candidate for Assessor; William
A.'Peane. candidate for County Clerk,
and Joseph 11. Scott, candidate for Tax
Collector.
PHELAN SPEAKS AT
POTRERO MEETING
Mayor Phelan spoke nt the open air
meeting held near the Union Iron Works
last night and was well received. In his
speech he told how he had visited the
camp of the enemy— the gas company —
and found Intelligent men employed there
who coincided with him and his political
views. He said that he felt satisfied that
with the assistance of the Australian bal
lot system the laboring men's votes would
be cast for the Democratic party.
''The opposition, the Pie-publican party,
says that the Mayor will have 6000 posi
tions to fill, and they try to prove it with
I figures," said the Mayor. "I say that
I there are but thirty-three appointments
to be made, and three of these are posi
tions in the Mayor's office. While it is
true that this is a source of weakness, I
would like to have those 6000 appoint
ments. When the opposition dwells so
strongly on the matter of immense power
of the next Mayor, I think that under a
Republican administration the office
would be one of danger. It is right that
I municipal elections should be (Separated
| from national ones."
After leaving the open air meeting, the
Mayor spoke at a meeting at Eighteenth
| and Florida streets. During the Mayor's
j speech, and after a burst of applause
' which greeted a remark of Mr. Phelan
had subsided, a voice from the back of
the hall shouted, "Never mind, we'll
■ make you Senator yet!" to which the
i Mayor replied that natioual issues should
• be eliminated from municipal affairs.
Mayor Phelan also spoke at the Y. M.
C. A. gymnasium at Hill and Valencia
streets.
PANHANDLE PROJECT
MEANS CONFISCATION
Continental League Voices the
Protests of Citizens.
The Continental League of Republican
Clubs, voicing the opinions of hundreds of
voters and property holders along the line
and within reach of the results of Mayor
Phelan's panhandle scheme, have drafted
and adopted the following resolutions:
Whereas.' Lnet year Hon. James D. Fhelan
was a gold bug. this year a conundrum, some
kind of a Democrat, partly gold, partly silver,
a mixture of a non-partisan, a clalmer of Re
publican Ideas and measures -while fishing for
Republican votes; and
Whereas. Mayor Phelan. with an eye to wind
ward looking for the main chance recommends
the Issuance of $10,000,000 worth of bonds by the
people to continue the park panhandle, and in
our opinion the immediate extension of the
park panhandle to the Intersection of Market
street and Van N'ees avenue will materially
enhance the value of his large holdings of real
estate on Market Btreet cunt of the proposed
terminus of said park panhandle, while It will
throw a cold froet over the property of the peo
ple on Market street west of the proposed pan
handle and th« entire Mission belt; therefor*
Veaolved. That we, the members of the Con
tinental League, will work for and vote for
Hon Horace David for Mayor because he is
a statesman, a stalwart Republican, a manu
facturer and employer of worklngmen; because
he favors a bond issue for the following needed
public Improvements:
First— Needed hospitals for the care and com
fort of sick patients. ■•- •:.'■..
Second— Needed new sehoolhouses and large
yards and the Improvement of the sanitary and
other conditions of the old ones. .
Third— New and Improved pavements on our
public streets, kept clean, and the abandonment
of the cobblestones.
Fourth— Needed new, complete and effective
sewer system. ■
Fifth— A salt water plant for the purpose of
extinguishing tires, flushing and purifying the
new sewer system, without which the system
would be of little value from a sanitary point
of view. .
Sixth— The purchase of the garbage cre
matory and allowing the garbage gatherers to
dump their garbage free of cost, thereby lessen
ing lite expense to rent payers, nnd before It
waters its stock, floats it among the people and
charges the municipality five times Its value,
which Infant corporation has been nursed and
allowed to grow under Mayor Phelan's admin
istration, to enrich a few non-partisans favor
able to his nomination and election.
Beventh— Purchasing or building other public
utilities, such as water, eaa, etc., whenever
bonds are Issued and It can be done to the
advantage and betterment of the city, j
The Executive Committee:
. FRANK D. WORTH. President.
HAMILTON J. IUGGINS, Secretary.
AMOS CURRIER, Chairman.
DAWSON MATER.
A. A. LOUDERBACK.
G. 8, GRAHAM. •
• MARSHALL B. WOODWORTH.
Campaign Incidents.
There was a meeting of the John Laek
mann Club held at Pythian Castle last
nipht; and reports were received from
every district from the Twenty-eighth to
the 'Forty-fifth, inclusive. The reports
were all favorable, and good work is be
ing done by the club, not only for Mr.
l.ackmann, but for the whole -Republican
ticket.
The John Lackmann Club of Court De
fiance, Foresters of America, held a meet
ing in the Alcazar building that was a;
tended by a lance number of the members
of that order. The principal speaker was
the Republican candidate for Sheriff, who
is himself a Forester, and he whs followed
by a number of prominent members of
American Forestry, who gave their un
qualified support for their brother For
ester and declared that all of the 6000
American Foresters, irrespective of party
politics, will on Tuesday next cast their
votes for John Lackrr.ann.
The William Z. Tiffany Club met last
evening at Its quarters. The executive
committee reported that full arrange
ments had been made in every Assembly
1 •istrict to make an aggressive tight for
Mr. Tiffany from now on. Mr. Tiffany
was introduced, and made a spirited ad
dress, during which he stated that if
elected his first duty would be to inau
gurate much-needed reforms and to con
duct the affairs of the office on strictly
business principles. Mr. Tiffany was
much applauded at the close of his ad
dress. Hon. E. I. Sheehan and Hon. F.
W. Burnett also spoke in advocacy of Mr.
Tiffany's election.
Horace Davis will address a meeting at
the I'nion League Club on Saturday after
noon at 4 o'clock. Other good speakers
are invited to attend and a special invita
tion is extended to merchants to attend.
For more Politics See Seventh Page.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thomas Kyle to Ida M. Reynolds, lot on S
line of O'Farxell street, 80 X of Polk, E 30 by
S 120; gift.
Jennie A. Brickell to Henry W. Bradley, lot
on S\Y corner of Eddy and Franklin streets, TV
13? :6 by S 120; $5.
Arthur H. TVlr.ter to Daisy H. Winter, wife
of Arthur 11., lot on W line of Buchanan street,
'leary. S 29 by W 137:6; gift.
Estate cf Alfred S. Rosenbaum, Joseph and
Max J. Urnmlenstein and, as trustees Jane
Hr.indon=t'-!n, Sannu-i M., Albort M., Emll D.
Charles TV. Ropenbaum and Virginia and
Julia PtrassburKer to Maybelle and Samuel 1..
Nnjihtaly. lot on N line of Broadway 60 W ot
Steiner street, TV P2:6 by N 137:t>; $10.
Angrlo-Californian Ba"nk, Ltd. to Jacob A
TVilkens, lot on PR corner of Hayes and Bak-r
streets, E 100 by S 100; $10.
Hattie and Lottie Van Laak and Alyda El
wert, wife of Charles P., to Lamb.-rt Van Laak
Sr., lot on S line of Seventeenth street, 100 E
of Howard. E 120 by S ](to.
Harris H. and Ella B. Fassett to Mary E Ili
zar, wife of L. TV., lot on STY corner of Nine
teenth and Hartford streets, TV 81 :6 by S So:
Henry Feige to John P. and Libble Hughes,
lot on TV line of Guerrero street, 61 6 S of
Army, P 26 by V.' 100; $10.
Thomas Kyle to Ida M. Reynolds, lot on N
line of Morten Ptreet, 22C E of Grant avenue, B
17:<! by N 60: *Ift.
Sharon Estate Company (corporation) to
Charles Lee Tllden, lot on NW line of Bry
ant street. 300 STY of Fourth. STY 2."j0 by NW
27.",; also lot on SE line of Perry street., 460 STY
of Fourth, STY B0 by SE 80; $10.
Richard P. Hammond to Timothy and Ann
Duane, lot on E line of Rhode Island strv' t,
50 N of Twenty-fifth (Tolo), N 60 by E l<v>: $10.
James A. and Margaret A. Tannahill to
Mansfield F. Joy, lot on TV line of Second ayc
nue. 225 S of Clement street. S 25 by TV 120 •
$10.
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. to IStta Harmon Ed
wnrds (yrtfe of O. C), lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 1 125 Nof X street, N2sby E 120. quit
claim de*>d; $10.
Etta H. Edwards (wife of Georsre C.) to A.
K. P. Harmon Jr., lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 100 N of N street. N 25 by E 120, quit
claim deed; $10.
TVillium N. Vnn Laak to Lambert Van Laak
Sr., lot on SE corner of Thirteenth avenue and
P street. E Son by S 100, block 265, O'Neil &
Haley Tract; gift.
Thebe J. Tiffßnv to Emma M. Macgrefror
(wife of P.), subdivisions 1, 2 and 3 lot 15
subdivisions 1, 2 and 8, lot ' ', lock 324, Hunter
Trart: also subdivisions 2 and 3. lot 12, sub
divisions 1, 2 and 3. lot 13, subdivision 1, lot
14, block 353, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Fllen V. Kelly (owner) with John GllinpW
(contractor), architect M J. Wel=h— All work
for a two-story frame building; (store and tene
ments) on NW corner of r»ay street and San
.Tnop avenue, W bS:f>, X 86, E 70:llU, Sff 18:8^4:
?4800.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
C TV Barrett. Fresno E W Bower. Cal
H G Church, Chgo S E Hamburger, Ohio
0 B McCarty. Ohio E L Scott. Alaska
C M Foraker, N Mcx P B Foley, Nome
J G Eagleson, Cal C A Fraeger, Nome
A C Hough. Grants C H Barrett, Nome
TV James & w, Cal J McCudden, Vallejo
G B Lardner, Auburn Miss McCudden ValleJ
C E Walter. Pueblo Mrs TV E Veazip Cal
Mrs J M Olds, Pueblo Miss Wilson. Madera
C E Beckwith. Yreka TV C Root Mich
.1 F Condon, Verdi Mrs Dunlap, Cal
J A Ames, Wis R J Prince, Cal
H Cypreansen. Wls A J Hurt. Los Ant?
F II Hayes, Cal D 3 Swarts. Los air
E M Carr, Pinole C V Manasse & w, Cal
T\' Morgan. Cal Mr A Mrs Jerome, Cal
F W Covey. Cal \J Doe, Stockton
TV C Howard, Stockton J Williams, St Louis
S de Anjrelo, Tacoma D B Tuttle & w, t al
I R T Brown, P Carlos J E Chatters & w, Cal
j J B Higgins, Cal .1 S Troy. Louisville
TV L Tucker, XT T Troy, Louisville
! Dr W L Athey. V S A W E Appiegate Ky
; R B Ellis. USA jW W McNair 'Ky
G B Lardner, Auburn! J II Wilson Los Ang
W C Barrett & w, CallJ P Maude. Riverside
Mrs M L Morris, Cal A Cyprensen, Wis
II Wolf, X X 3 S Brown, Cal
3 P TVorden, Nome O M Thumler & w,
W Bartholomew, Nome Chicago
W TV Ewing-, Nome J F Becker. Seattle
TV James & w. Pal T L Reed, Reedly
M J Wright. Sacto II E de Laraux. Cal
S T Clark. Portland R Larsen. Stockton
Miss S Johnson, Ptland W X Ketehum. Chgo
C E Lilly. S Cruz II H Grau, Sacto
J C Brown, Alaska X Gilman. Orovllle
G S Newman, Nome .1 M Roberts, Sacto
J B Parks, Nome W S Lewis. Cal
H B Pierce, Nome S I Roper, 9 Jose
| Miss I Smith, 40 Mile P S Baker, Williams
PALACE HOTEL.
T J Field. Monterey |G TV Lamb. Cal
J TV Williams. Mo I Mrs C C Mitchell Ky
W S Lloyd, X V Mrs S 3 de Sollna, Cal
H G Hahman, Cal F L Pickett. Phila
Mrs H G Hahmnn. Cal j P M Watson, Minn
M Barber. L Ang M C ] >reshfleld, X V
J T Carlisle, Boston ITV D Felts, X V
Mrs J A .Solins, Bostn A de League, x V
II T. Gage, Sacto W E Applegate Ky
F H Short, Fresno TV M Gates Chgo
Miss F Smith, Cal Mrs W M Gates, Chro
Miss E Smith, Cal II J Seddon X V
II V Murphy, Mo Or F Sellick, Chgo
P L Bchuman, Chgo ! Mrs V Selliek, Chgo
8 L Levy. NY G L Wedelstadt, Cal
1 Edeleheimer, NY TV J Hogan. U 8 x
Mrs J Stevenson. Cal P M del Rio, Mexico
J II Fuller, Ills Mrs ¥ M. del Rio, eh
II J Blodget, Cal & maid, Mexico
H Jorish, Cal Mrs M M Palmer. Mcx
I S Cone, Red > Bluff L Einstein, Fresno
B Epplnger, Cal L N Heinbrich. Cal
J J Burke, X V 'Mr« L N Helnbrich.
C A Canfleld. OH City. Cal
Dr O D Norton, U S N J R Castleman. Ky
A L Pearce. London Mrs. J R Castleman,
F W Bullock. Chgo Ky
R J Iyas, St Louis R A Lee. Los Ang
G M Deysdale, Ohio ' Mrs R A Lee. Los Ang
TV II Han sen. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Anmann, Pan Jose E . Bosher. ' Seattle
E Chenal. Los Angeles It G Eggen, Seattle
a 0 Oerklng, NY -I I> Carlson, Vallejo
E Ludwlg, Manila Q Slawson. L Angeles
J E Fobs, Portland .1 ii Brown. Honolulu
F B Lippencott.Manlla I A Albee & v. Texas
F 11 Aylworth. Honolu R E Wyman. I. Gatos
A Welch. Tacoma G 8 Peira, Seattle
W M Justl, Seattle S Brown. Portland
L P Ppeer, Seattle ' B S Galvis. Modesto
V Martin. Manila S II Sutherland. Colfax j
D GardAne, Kllensburg H F Maxwell, N V
P Harner. lowa ,1 H Painter. San Jose I
B Wright, Illinois T Chandler, Sacto
G R Page, New York TV J Clatworthy. Cal
E Woodln. Seattle ,T Nichols. Portland
H TV Hedrlck. Seattle. M Roth. Seattle
H M Holland. Seattle J Hedges. L Angeles
\V Wiggins, Oregon II Buckner, Seattle
TV Johnson. Oregon E R Edsell, Fresno
N Becker. Portland ;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 2.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, SS hours from Cchjs Bay.
Btmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Monterey
and way ports."
SAILED.
Thursday, November 2.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Brag*.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Nov 2— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM- Hailed Nov 2— Stmr Staten
dam, for New York.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1K».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLST
AND SAN HAFAEU
WEEK DAYS—^jOO. 'S^O. 11:00 a. m.; •!:«,
•3:40, 6:15. 6 W, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra..
lael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 8:00 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«8:00. 'lO:*. 11:30 a. m.; 1.-jk
t:U *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. in.
Train* marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:JS, '6:35. 7:45. »9:40 a. m ".
•12:30, 2:15. •3:49, »6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS'— 6:2O, •10:00. *11:45 a. ra.,
•1:40. *3:16. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. *
Trains marked (•) Btart from Ban Quenttn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN TRAJN.CISCO
WEEK DAYB-5:45. 8:45. 7:55. »:4u a. m :
JJ:BS. 2:35. 5:45, 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6. 10:05 a. m. ; U.':os, 2:15, ijn
■:M. 6:45 p. m *^
THROUGH TRAINS.
■ :00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and 'ay station*.
•;W a, iv. aundaya— Xomalet and way «tatl«M«
BAILBOAD TRAVEL. im
r
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running 1 over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
6:00 p. m. '-—:% •--•--'-•■■.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.-
FRIDAY, BDNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY. -
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver, Kansas City, Chicago and the East
c:3O p. m. ' '
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, Vlsalla,
Tulare and Bakersfleld, furnishes good local '
train service.
San Francisco office. 62S Market St., telephone
Main 1581.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento office. 201 J street. -
Ban Jose office, 7 West Santa Clara street.
SOUTIIIIKN PACIFIC COMPACT.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Train* Iran- »n<l hit due to urrlve lit
NAN FUAK<:i*«'O.
' (Main Line, Foot of -Market Street.)
j leave — . Fr.ou October £9, ISP9. — aerivm
j •1:00 a. Per.icia, ."-V.isun and Sacramento •7:4.'5p
i . «7:OOa MarjßTillo, (>ro»i!lt» via WiTOdlnid,
Elinira, Vacavilie and RuaiB"y.. .. »7:45p
•7:00 a Shasta Exprcs3-Divis, Widows,
lied Bluff, Portland *7:*Sr
•7::tOA Martinez, Sau ßamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliiitoga and Santa Knea...., »6:13p
•8:O0a The Overland ted— Ogdcn,
Omaha, Chicago *5:15p
•*::u»a Ban .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
• lone, Gaciamcuto, Placerviile,
M.ii-j-BTiIU-, Chico, Keililluff MilSp
•8:»Oa •Milton, Oakdaleaad Bouora •■l:lsp
' •O:OOa Haywards, Niltnar.d Way Stations. # 1 1:45 a
♦9:0Oa Atlactio Express— Ogdcn ami East "0:45 a
i *0:OOa Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
M re -.1 and Fresno M2il3*
i •D:OOa Port Costa, Fresno, MojaTe and Los
Aiißelrs •O:«p
•IO:OOa Vrllojo, Martinez anA Way Stations *«:I.>P
•ll:O».v Haywards, Nileaand Way Stationa. *2:15p
•12:OOm NHes, Livermore, Stockton, tjacra-
meuto, Mendota, Hanford, Visalla,
Pcrterrille M:l3p
fl:OOp Sacramento i!l»or Steamers 1 »:OOF
•3:OOp Uaywards, Kiles and Way Stations. •3:4»P
*4>Uoi> Martinez, ,san Ramon, Vallejo,
Naps, (Jiillstoga, Saula lloss *»il»*
•*iO«p Bcnicia, Vacavil'o, IJacniinento,
Woodland, Kii.;hts Landing,
MarysrUle, Orovilla, "lO^IJa
•4«»0p Niles, Han Josonml ytockton •<:!»»
I •3:OOpThB Owl Lin: i ted— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersfleld. Baugus for cSanta Uar-
bara, Los Angeles »».-l»A.
•3:30p Stockton. Merced, Fresno M2:I3P
*B:3Up Fresno, JSaken<lit!!<l, B»nU Borbsxa,
Lob Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast •8:48 a
•3i3«r Santa I'm Jlimte— Atlnulio Express
. for Mqja*« Ri.d Kuat....: •oi43f
•6:00p Havward'..). Niles and Kan Jose »7:45 a
t«:80p Vallojn #l 'f : l^ P
, •0:3<» i- Oriental Mail— Ogden and Eart »S:sOp
: iT:OOp Valltjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
* tlvms J9tssp
•8:«5i- Oregon and California Uxplrefts,Hao-
raniento, Maryavillc, Ited.ling, ■
I'oitlmul. Pnget .Sound aiwl V.\»l «»:iaA
COAST DIVISION (Sarrovf (luge).
(Foot of Market Street)
•BilsANewark.<JeiiterTille,f ! an.lose.Frlton t
BonlderCrcek,fiant»OrusandWs»
Statioua .■•■• *3«3<>F
♦2ilsp Newark, OenterTlllo, fian Jose, Hew
Almaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cmz aud Principal Wa y.,-_ 1 ,
scions t 1, < ? ! .12 A
'■■ •Izl3p Newark, Han Jose, Us Gatos. *1»:^Oa,
61 l:ir»i» Hunters' Excursion, ban Jose and
Way Stations !^;gOF
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Si:; FRaliClSCO— root of U«rk«l Street (Slip 8)—
•7-15 9:00 11:0Oa.M. 11:00 *$$& »3:00
♦1:03 t6:00 *6:00r.M.
■ rromllllUßD— Fool of Bioadw.y.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
i 112:00 U:C: }2:03 *3:C3 ti:Q3 -3:00f.M.
COAST DIVISION (Brood Gauge).
. (Third mil Townsend St?«.)
| tO:IOA Ocean View. Houth tun Francisco.. t«::»Op
1 «7:OOa San Jose nml Wny Slnlii.im (^ew . „
Alinaden \Ve(lnc«laysoiily) •l:3»p •
•»«••* Sim Jose. Tios I'lnOs. HanU Cruz,
Pacllic OrOTO. !"ns.> llubles, San
Luis Ol.lspo, Riirf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations !^'.',? c
•IO:4O» San Join mid W»y«taMon« l-H k
•Ili3oa BtaJoMfuid W»y Stations •j:3op
tai43rSan Jiatco, ttedwoqd, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sai> ■' »».
ITres Finos, Saiitu Cruz. Salinas, *
Monttrey and Pad nc Grow 1<0:S8a.
MiWf San Jose ami Wai Stations . «l p '
t«:lsr . Sau Josoand Principal Way Stations '-»:!•>
T 3:oor San Jose and Principal Way Stations t«:0<»4 ■
•5:»0p San Jose BiKlPrinclpalAVaySlatlous *'* :i ' ; >*
•C::tOpSan Jose and Wny fiiatlma „. t»:OOa
H1:4.~»r San Jose nml Way Stations *7;.tOp.
A for Momin;. 1* for Afternoon.
•Dally t Sunday excepted. J Sunday only,
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. COL
LESSEE!
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH. PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Qt,
'^2- SAN FRANCISCO "TO SAX RAPAJSL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:CO, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
. 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ii:SO p. m
j SUNDAYS— 9:30 11:00 a, m. : 1:30, 3:30,
! 6:00. fi:2f) d. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, »:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
■ 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p, m. '
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
C:2." p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
| same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
i San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.,
• October 15, — ■ -, .
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. day?. I Destination days. Days.
! 7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
i 8:30 pm 9:30 am ( Petaluma. 6:06 pm! 10:25 am
1 i 6:10 pm 5:00 piu Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:20 am Windsor, 10:25 am
HeaJdsbura;, . ;'..""
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
: >rto pm 8:00 am Clovrdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
" 7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
i 7:20 am - 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
I : 8:30 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm' 6:22 pm
___ _ ___ t p ____^^^^= __^____ j __^^__
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebnstopol. 10:40 am : 10:25 am
j 8:30 pm' 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at L-ytton
: for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
, Bprinss; at Cli verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
: land for Duncan Spring?, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Rartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Ulue Lakes, Laurel
: Doll Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
' Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's,
• Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg:.
I Westport, usal, Willitts. - Laytonvlll*, Cum-
: jnlng s. Bell's -Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
! Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
-i duced rates.
On Sunday round triD tickets to all point*
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 666 Market ft.. Chronicle bid*.
*I. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
HolnT TAmaLpais scenic railway
Leave Snn Francisco via tiausallto Ferry,
Commencing BUNDAX. October L 189».
WEEK DAYti— 8:20 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— B.OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Far} S. P. to Sun-nut and Return. $1 40.
TilOS. COOK & SUN. ABU.. 621 Market «C
/^~*1& Dr. Gibbon J s Dispensary,
<®^_ss!fll *>25 HEARST ST. Established
S3 I Imml ln 1^ 34 for the treatment of Private
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ii'JZii HEARST ST- Kstabllshed
in 1834 for the treat nient of I'iivate
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
i Hp^^iTA^^ rtiwase wearing on bodyand mind and
*^^?f^^£« Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
'^XVsMa^i others fail. Try him. Charges low
i^>2— l_-'l3t_3 Cnre»iriiit«"»'^»«'»'«l. Call or write.
! In-. J. *• UIBBUN. Box 1957. San Francisco
THE weekly call
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
1112
THE TIGER HAS RETURNED TO TOWN AND UNDER JOE
HARVEY'S PATRONAGE HAS RESUMED HIS SWAY
Gambling Begins Un
der Protection of
State Laws,
r*
Police Said to Be Unable
to Prevent the New
Outrage.
— « —
A Mason-Street Establishment
Incorporated as a Legal
ized Den of Crooks.
GAMBLING Is again a recognized
industry of s.iti Francisco. Not
verj long ngo Chief of Police Lees
and Police Commissioner Gunst
quarreled over the expediency of
throwing the Town "wide open" and per
mitting the gamblers to ply their truffle
at least unmolested if not under thr
actunl protection of the police. The Chief
of Police objected then, but now his ob
jections have been silenced and his threat
ening haiiil? i.:ivi- been tied. He has seen
a new and dangerous gambling house
established, He knows that under the
protection of certain State laws other
laws nn» viHnted and that on one of the
mopt prominent thoroughfares of the city
a gambling house is bein^ conducted ut
terly without molestation. Its cappers
are abroad on every avenue inviting
trade. Its games are run "wide open"
end unsophisticated patrons may hazard
and l..se their money .in any game that
strikes their fancy. Faro, roulette, per
centage poker, craps and other sanies
called by courtesy games of chance are
running in full t
Visiting: horsemen, returning and com
ing soldiers, civilians. countrymen
and resident gullibles are victims of
the new robbery, and the police can nnlv
Bhrug their shoulders and ask an inquirer
mrhat they shall do. The history of the
new gambling venture is an interesting
one. Several months ago The Call ex
posed the fact thai a coterie of gamblers
Were conducting a Rambling ouirn in the
Palace Hotel. The proprietors wore reap
ing a rich harvest of ill-gotten gain. Men
of wealth and position were their patrons.
Their rooms were crowded nightly by men
•who had money to lose, and lost it cheer
fully.
The police were thoroughly informed of
the existence of the gambling house, but
Ihey saw fit to do nothing. The offense
against the laws was committed nightly
under their very eyes, but they saw noth
ing and did nothing. Joe Harvey, the
■wf-11-kno-wn gambler, was the master
spirit of the affair, and gossips said ritrhT
ly that he was a close and personal
friend of the Chief of Police and would
not be molested. When The Call made its
expose there, was a scampering for dark
ness and the Palace Hotel gambling house
became a lamented memory.
For pome time after its collapse no ef
iort was made to revive it. There was
trouble in the Police Commission. The
Commissioners and Chief Lees had trou
bles of their own, and the gamblers who
relied upon the good ■will of the Chief
did not care to interject themselves at po
critical a Juncture. They decided to await
developments and to watch an opportun
ity to Invade again the local field. Their
lawyers delved deeply Into the law and
strove in many ways to discover a mean?
by which through the law they could
■cheat the laws. At last the avenue was
opened and the gamblers lost no time in
accepting its advantages.
The gamblers received their inspiration
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED BY
The xnos« effective Bkin purifying and
t>eautify ing soap in th« "world, as well as
- purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and
nursery. It is the only preventive of pir-
n pies, blackheads, red, sough, and oily skin,
red, rough hands with shapeless nails, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes. It is so beoause it strikes at
the cause of most complexional disfigura-
tions, viz., the Clogged, Irritated,
Ijtfi.amed, Overworked, on Sluggish
Pork.
My face was covered with a pimply, rup-
tured, and itching skin. After using CrTi-
crr.A Soap for six weeks my skin made a
remarkable change, all the pimples went
away, my skin getting as soft as velvet.
H. ('ROME, 223 Melrose St., Chicago, 111.
I was troubled with pimples, especially on
the chin and forehead. I tried several home
remedies, but as they proved to be of no value,
I decided to use CIITIUUJtA Soap, and in six
weeks I was entirely rid of them.
HENRY P. DAIILKE,
0111 So. Paulina St., Chicago, HI.
My face was covered with pimples and
blackheads. Some would be all red, and others
would be full of white matter. The black-
beads would ;>e all over my face. I spent
about ten dollars for soaps, medicines, etc.,
but they never did mo any good. I tried Cuti-
cfßA Soap, and it only took three cakes to
cure my face. JOSEPH B. CLAMER,
327 Conrt St., Elizabeth, N. J.
SoldtliroiiphontUieirorld. Pottir T>*m aitd Can.
Coar., 3olc Prop*., Boston. "How to Cure Pimples," free.
BABY H M 0 R 8 *"15!gS}2s£ 1 *
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Un«urvcycd.
F. A. HYDE,
413 Moatfecmcrj t»t o &un frwdfco
THE FIRST STEP TO MAKE THIS CITY A "WIDE-OPEN" TOWN.
from the Chinese. This perhaps is the
most curious feature of the whole affair.
The white gamblers were at their wits'
end until they saw what the cunning
Mongolians had done, and then they saw
that the opportunity for which they had
been seeking had come. It appears that
some time ago the gamblers of China
town discovered by some lucky chance a
cloak of protection in tho State laws.
Representatives of fraternal and benevo
lent Institutions had gone to Sacramento
and had induced the Legislature to en
dow societies and clubs, which were not
organized for gain, certain privileges
which protected the favored organiza
tions from tax and police espionage. The
clubs thus favored were permitted by
:;iw to Incorporate and under an amend
ment to the Civil Code were freed from
investigations and inquiries which, under
certain conditions, would have been dis
agreeable.
PHELAN'S TALES
QUEERED BY HIS
OWN WITNESSES
♦
Grand Jury Vindi
cates Supervisors.
Another of the cheap political tricks
with which Mayor Phelan li;is character
ized his present campaign has fallen of
its own weight, and fallen hard. A com
mittee appointed yesterday by the Grand
Jury will call upon him to-day or to
morrow to apprise him of that fact. The
charges of wholesale fraud and knavery
recently brought by his Honor against
the Hospital Committee of the Board of
Supervisors have proved so utterly
groundless that the Jury has thrown the
whole case out of its calendar and
turned In disgust to matters of more
merit.
When a few weeks ago it became appar
ent that the City and County Hospital
could not be maintained upon the
amount set aside for It In. the tax sched
ule submitted by the Mayor, and that un
less more funds were immediately forth
coming it would have to close its doors
to the indigent sick of the city, his
Honor attempted to shirk all responsibil
ity for that deplorable condition and at
the same time make a bit of cheap politi
cal capital by setting up a cry of fraud.
He sought Ills typewriter and framed
charges of jobbery and extravagance
against the Hospital Committee, and he
set it forth clearly that if there had been
no jobbery the hospital could be run upon
the amount he had allowed It. These
statements, together with a list of wit
nesses, whom he sufgesied, would be com-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1599.
Attorneys employed by Chinese gam
| biers saw the tremendous advantage
j which this amendment to the law K-'ive
j them. Social clubs without number were
organised in the Chinese quarter. Chi
nese gamblers saw themselves liberated
| from the dominion of the police. They
I saw that an Incorporation as a social club
exempted them from the attacks of the
police and gave them an opportunity to
ply their gambling trade without inter
ruption. Their spike-studded doors were
removed Their close and careful watch
ing of the police was removed. Glass
doors were substituted for iron and steel
barricades, and under the protection of a
law that was intended to be a henefit to
fraternal and benevolent institutions the
Chinese plied their gambling trade.
The police were at a loss what to do.
But they took tho law into their own
bands and raided the new Chinese "so
cial" clubs. The glass doors were broken.
petent to point out just tho transactions
in which his alleged crookedness had oc
curred, lie laid before the Jury.
Believing that he acted in good faith
the jury at once instituted a most search
ing inquiry. One by one Mayor Phelan's
witnesses were called up, catechised and
turned loose again. Assessor Washington
Dodge, the Mayor's star witness, was one
of the first to be placed on the stand.
Mr. Podge was chairman of the Finance
Committee of the last Board of Super
visors, and if crookedness existed would
be well able to say when and where it
existed. Mr. Dodge, however, told
neither. His evidence consisted solely of
an admission that as chairman of that
committee he had violated the provisions
of the one-twelfth act about twelve times
in every year of his administration and
that at the end of the fiscal year he beat
even that by carrying over a deficit of
J2500 in the hospital fund. Mr. Dodge
went further than this. In answer to
direct questions be admitted that the hos
pital could not be conducted decently
upon the amount fixed by Phelan and that
it was one branch of the city's govern-
RECKLESSNESS OF A BOY
COST HIM HIS LIFE
HERCULES SCHWARTZ, a 14-year-old errand boy, employed by the
Wagner Leather Company at 306 Clay street, lost his life yesterday
morning while attempting to alight from a freight elevator In the build
ing at 27 Jessie street, occupied by the KaHt-Glanville Shoe Company.
Willie Miley of 621 Girard street was in char X( > of the elevator. He said
that young Schwartz, a stranger to him, came to the elevator door very early
in the day and asked whether he was going up with the elevator. Willie re
plled that he would start in a few moments, and went after a can of oil. As
soon as he had turned his back Hercules got upon the elevator and started
up. A moment or two later Miley was horrified by the sight of Schwartz's
body falling down the elevator shaft.
atiley gave the alarm and the body of the unfortunate boy was taken out
of the well and carried to the Harbor Emergency Hospital. He was uncon
scious, and shortly after the surgeons had shaved his head in order to dress
a fracture of the skull he expired. Young Schwartz's destination was the
third floor, and it is surmised that ho attempted to jump off the cage, not
knowing how to etop it, and fell down the shaft.
He was an industrious boy and was residing with his parents at 305 Eddy
street. Three weeks ago he went to work for the Wagner Leather Com
pany.
Jabbering Chinese were sent scampering
over roofs and into cellars. Gambling
games were broken up. although the po
lice paw that the ostentatiously placed
placards heralded the fact thru the raided
clubs enjoyed State protection and the
framed certificates of incorporation gave
them protection from police interference.
With consummate cunning the Chinese
had found in the laws of the State r right
to violate, other laws without molesta
tion.
After the raids the Chinese showed their
teeth. They resented the interference of
their traffic, and Patrick Crowley, who
was then chief of Police, was sued for
heavy damages. The case Is still pending
In court, but lawyers who have reason to
be well informed express the opinion that
the Chinese will win and that the law
which gives to social anil fraternal so
cieties the right of incorporation protects
them from police interference.
ment in which economy would work
nothing but harm.
Dr. Clinton, chairman of the hospital
committee of the last board, testified to
about the same thing, and like Mr. Dodge,
failed absolutely to point to any act to
the discredit of the Supervisors against
whom Pheian had laid charges. Will D.
Griffin, the Mayors $125 expert, failed as
blankly, notwithstanding he was hired by
his Uonr.r to expert hospital accounts anil
find anything that would make political
capital. The members of the Grand Jury
body realized at last that they had been
bunkoed; that his Honor, the Mayor, had
used them simply as agents In his pecu
liar campaign and had fooled away two
weeks of their time In doing it. Then
they got mad and yesterday appointed a
committee which will call upon his Honor
and inform him of that fact. The com
mittee will not only express its indigna
tion, but will offer Mr. Phelan transcripts
of the testimony of his chosen witnesses
upon whom he relied to make good his
charges. That will be the end of the jury's
business with his Honor's charges. No
further investigation will be made.
When the gamblers of the Palace Ho
tel found themselves without a scene for
their operations they looked around for a
new field or a new subterfuge for playing
again in the local field. Joe Harvey was,
the master spirit of the combination. He
had behind him the moral and, if neces
sary, a more substantial support from
Charley Fair. He enjoyed the friendship
of Chief of Police Lees. He was favored
with the patronage of local gamblers and
was assured of the trade of horsemen,
blacklegs and roustabouts of the race
track. The racing season was approach
ing. If money was to be made it must
be made quickly.
The town was flooded with soldiers com
ing and going. Harvey racked his
brains for an opening. He had with him
Charley Asher, the factotum and sub
servient agent of Moses Gunst, Police
Commissioner. Max Katzenstein, another
of the old Baldwin Hotel contingent, was
ready for any duty, but Harvey could not
see, even under the favored condition of
police connivance, an opportunity to open
a new gambling house.
After a deal of trouble and discussion,
the success of the Chinese offered a sug
gestion. Harvey decided to establish a
social club, and under the shadow of a
law which was Intended as a boon to
worthy institutions prostitute the laws of
the State. The Inspiration was not by any
SAN FRANCISCO
TO BE SHORN OF
MUCH SHIPPING
Pacific Coast Com
pany Will Go to
Seattle.
On January 1 S;in Francisco will cease
to be the shipping -and general business
center of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, and all of the local interests of
that concern will be moved to Seattle.
which will thereafter be the home of the
corporation and scene of its greatest
activity.
Although no public announcement of the
fact has yet been made, It became known
on the street yesterday that Goodall, Per
kins & Co., which firm has been for years
the company's agents and managers, had
been deprived of the agency and was clos
ing up its books as rapidly as possible In
order that the formal transfer of the busi
ness might take place on or before the
appointed date. The change is due to the
fact that the Great Northern Railway
Company has secured a controlling inter
est In the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany. The headquarters of the railroad
are at Seattle |
By this latest deal In steamship circles
San Francisco merchants will lose all the
advantages and profits of one of the most
profitable shipping concerns on the Pacific
Coast, nave those that will accrue to the
city as one of the ports to be touched at
by the company's boats. The handsome
steamers Corona and Pomona will no
longer make this city their home port, and
the lines to Vancouver and Alaskan ports,
as well as those to Ensenada, in peninsu
lar California, and Santa Rosalia, In Mex
ico, will make the Sound City the distrib
uting point for the thousands of tons of
i means Harvey's own. An old-time gam
; bier, Fred Merker. conceived it, and would
i have made it practicable with profit for
i himself were it not for the fact that the
Harvey combination possessed more
money. Harvey and his friends seized the
suggestion and looked for a suitable lo
cation for a club.
The gamblers finally settled upon the
j house at 143 Mason street and a week
ago the gambling den was opened. It is
perhaps the worst house of its kind that
was ever opened In San Francisco. Its
cappers are abroad upon the streets in
viting the unwary to visit it. Its agents
are in the tiubs, on the streets and in
saloons advancing its interests. Its games
of faro, poker, roulette, wheel of fortune
and craps are conducted without inter
ruption. It exists as a menace not only
to people of the city, but to visitors and
strangers who. have the right to expect
police protection.
Harvey was altogether too clever to per
mit his own name to be known in the
combination. Alter consultation with his
friends, among whom was Chief of Police
Lees, Harvey secured a lease of the
premises at 143 Mason street. The con
ference with Lees took place at Farley's
saloon and Harvey was assured that the
police are powerless to act. The gambler
then lost no time in perfecting his plans.
The Mason street house was renovated
from top to bottom. It was superbly
furnished with every possible incident to
luxurious surroundings. Word went forth
that It was to be the most exclusive
gambling house ever established on the
coast and particular stress was laid upon
the fact that the police, with convenient
ignorance, would not know that It was
in existence.
On October IS a strange document was
filed with the County Clerk. It purported
to be the articles of incorporation of the
California Club. The California Club, so
the articles read, was organized for purely
social purposes, for the entertainment of
Its members and for the promotion of
their social intercourse. The document
read, with delightful untruth, that an
election had been held and the following
had been elected directors for a period of
one year: A. P. Culver, W. H. Roach,
Ray Mead, W. S. Ferguson and J. F.
Powers. The writer of the document must
have been seized with an after thought
for he scratched out the name of Roach
and substituted H. W. Orear.
These directors are not particularly well
known. Orear has the honor of being the
dispenser of cigars at the Union ferry
depot and J. F. Powers is his clerk. Raj-
Mead, as far as the directory gives in
formation, may be a vaquero, and he may
not be. The other directors have r.ot
had the consideration to give the directory
freight they now land in this city. Al
though it is known that some of the large
force of clerks and other employes now
employed in this city by Goodall, Perkins
& Co. will be taken to Seattle, a greater
number of them, it is understood, will be
thrown out of their positions on the first
of the year.
MRS. GLEASON MISSING.
Had a Quarrel With Her Husband
and Disappeared at 10:30
O'Clock at Night.
Mrs. J. A. Crounse of 12 Oak street re
ported to the Coroner yesterday that Mrs.
Lizzie Gleason of 415 Clayton street had
disappeared at half-past 10 o'clock last
Wednesday night, and ihat her relatives
feared that she had committed suicide or
met with foul play. Mrs. Crounse said
that Mrs. Gleason had a quarrel with her
husband, and that Mrs. Uteason's mother
parted from her at half-past 10 o'clock in
Scottish Hall on Larkin strefet. That was
the last time that she was seen by any of
her relatives.
The missing woman was dressed In
black, with a short jacket, and tan or
chameleon waist, a Gaincsborogfc hat with
red flowers and black plumes. Shr Is 5
feet 5 1 *: inches tall and weighs 140 pounds.
John A. Russell Improving.
John A. Russell, the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, who suffered a stroke of
paralysis last Wednesday afternoon, is
rapidly approaching recovery in his
apartments at the Lick House. Mr. Rus
sell Is still a very sick man and needs
careful nursing and constant attention,
but his condition has so materially Im
proved that those in attendance feel con
fident that he will pull through all right,
notwithstanding his advanced age.
This news will be a source of great sat
isfaction to the many warm friends Mr.
Russell has, not only in this city but
throughout the enure coast.
P. Boland, candidate for Publlo Admin
istrate^; Democratic nomlncio. •
people nny information in reference to
themselves.
This gambling club has been organized
to run for thirty years. A copy
of its articles of incorporation
has been filed with the Sec
retary of State. The rooms of the club
are open for business. Its patrons are
already numerous. Its walls echo to
the clink of coin and the sound of many
excited voices. It permits no one not a
member within its doors, but everybody
is welcome as a member. One need but
ring the doorbell, hand $5 to the negro
attendant rind receive the mock ceremony
of initiation. In consideration for this
$5 in gambling checks are given by the
club.
Plainly speaking, the club is an outrage
upon the city. It is a menace to young
men and strangers, but it is unknown to
the police aftrr the conference in Farley's
saloon. Tf the police, however, are un
able to locate 143 Mason street, and are
powerless to place an officer at the faro
table. The Call will show them the house
and instruct them how to get in.
MARKET STREET
MUST BE SANDED
TO SAVE HORSES
Wet Pavements Traps
for Drivers.
It is not uncommon in the early morning
to see half a dozen horsiis lying on the
pavement helpless in the space of two
blocks on Market street. A slight mois
ture or a fog makes the pavement almost
as slippery as glass to the feet of horses
not shod with rubber. Hundreds of driv
ers avoid the bituminized pavement, be
ing actuated by fear for their horses. So
many accidents take place that the need
of some public action is evident. The Call
this morning offers the suggestion that
Market street should be sprinkled with
-sand whenever it is necessary to make
the pavement safer to drive on. Yester
day many persons who have a wide
knowledge of horses and are largely con
cerned in the use of them were inter
viewed concerning the necessity of using
sand freely. One and all declared that the
remedy needed to improve the lot of
drivers had been discovered by The Call.
Secretary Charles Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals was enthusiastic for the use of
sand. He had seen six horses lying upon
the pavement in one Market street block.
The only way that the animals could rise
was by having a blanket thrown down to
give them a chance to get a footing. They
would try repeatedly to get upon their
feet unavailingly. Much time would be
lost, much unnecessary suffering inflicted
upon the horses by the repeated falls fol
lowing their struggles to get up. It had
been necessary to kill some horses because
of such accidents on Market street.
No less emphatic in indorsement of lac
plan was "W. H. Fuller of the Overland
Freight and Transfer Company. "Sand
would save the lives of many horses,"
said Mr. Fuller. "Every morning, he
teen Third street and the Palace Hotel,
I see three or four horses lying down on
the pavement. All sorts of business men
are seriously inconvenienced. You see,
when the pavements are wet there is
nothing for the horses' feet to take hnM
upon. I am heartily in favor of vie plan
suggested by The Call and it will be very
popular with all owners of horses in the
city."
John Peterson, foreman for McNab &
Smith, draymen, said: "Sanding MarKet
street when it is wet is just what ought
to be done. There is plenty of sand at
the beach and it ought not to cost much
for carting in. I know all about the
danger and inconvenience of the pave
ment -\\nen It is damp. I live out on
Octavia street and com© down Golden
Gate avenue and Market street early every
morning. Some days I have to get off
the street to be safe. We lost one horse
that fell when the pavement was slip
pery."
Thomas F. Noonan is the president of
the Draymen and Teamsters' Union,
which has a membership of 175 and em
braces very large concerns. "We all con
sider Market street very dangerous,"
said Mr. Noonan, "when it is wet and
when it Is only a little damp. One valu
able horse, to my knowledge, injured by
slipping on Market street, had to be shot.
The Call has struck a good idea in sand-
J.'w. Murphy, proprietor of St. George's
stables, on Bush street, said: "Sand is the
only possible remedy for the slippery
footing on the Market street pavement
when it is wet." -
J H. Leary of the Olympic Club sta
bles, 503 Sutter, said: "Sanding would be
a very good thing, for it would let the
horses' get a foothold. By all means let
us have the pavement sanded when it is
most needed."
W. Garhart, foreman of the St. Law
rence stables, said: "The idea is a first
class one. The horses can't stand with
out having something done. Sanding is
the proper act. One of the valuable
horses stabled here fell and was injured.
I saw four horses down on one block this
Alex McCord of the Fashion stables
said: "I saw four or five horses down on
the pavement on one block to-day. I
heartily indorse the idea of The Call
about the use of sand. It will do the
business." . 
Sand is employed successfully to make
pavements safer in London. There is no
reason why it should not do well here.
ELIZABETH MUIRHEAD
IN HER OWN DEFENSE
She Supported the Deceased and His
Child During the Last Months
of Their Lives.
The contest of the -will of the late
Charles Walter Willey was continued be
fore. Judge Troutt yesterday morning,
with Mrs. Elizabeth Mulrhead, the propo
nent, on the witness stand. By way of in
troduction to her testimony Mrs. Muir
head stated the facts of her meeting with
Willey; how she had picked him up
the street and cared for him and his puta
tive child for years prior to his death.
Regarding the will Mrs. Muirhead said
that she was given notice of the existence
of the will by Mrs. T. J. Lyons, the execu
trix, a month before Willey's death, but
phe did not open the envelope containing
the instrument until after Wllley's death.
She denied that she ever persuade! Mr.
Lyons to procure a will from Willey In
her favor, as alleged by the contestants,
and absolutely contradicted the testimony
given by Lyons regarding those matters.
Mrs. Muirhead further denied that she
had accused Willey of being the father of
an illegitimate child, but said that after
Willey was forped to recognize his child
she adopted it, paying for its mainte
nance and physicians' bills until its death
at the age of sixteen months. She also
testified as to having paid for Willey'9
clothes, laundry bills and necessaries of
life, and paid for the desk he used after
he entered the employ of Lyons.
Rabbi Nieto to Lecture.
The season of winter lectures at the
synagogue of the Congregation Shereth
Israel, corner of Post and Taylor streets,
will be inaugurated this evening, when
Rabbi Nieto will deliver an address enti
tled "Old Pictures in New Frames." The
public la cordially Invited.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
The jury in the case of Manuel Esqueda),
charged with the murder of his wife, Sol
edad Esqueda, returned a verdict of man
slaughter last night in Judge Lawlor's
court after several hours of deliberation.
Dr. Paricer"s Cough Cure. One do»e will atoj
a cough. Never falls. Try It, 25c. Ail dre«lsU.«