VOLUME 1-XXXVIT-Xo. 1.
CALIFORNIA STANFORD
KAARSBERG COVERS FIFTY YARDS BY A SENSATIONAL RUN
CALIFORNIA 20. Stanford o— and \
there you have in a nutshell the I
treat Thanksgiving football came
of '59. It took an hour and ten
minutes of actual play, two hours
counting the time taken out. but never i
for a moment after the contending '
t»&rr.« f.rst rame together was the re- ;
pult in doubt. It was plainly Berkeley's
game from th* start. A man with half
rin eye could see nothing else to it and
■ neither could ih* n.oters for th<» car-
dlnal. The initial scrimmage gave all :
the line necessary on the outcome.
After that it was only a question of !
how much? answered, when th~ whistle !
b>w, with five touchdowns and as
many goals tallied for Berkeley, to j
nothing for the boys frum Palo Alto,
It was a bitter pill f-«r Stanford to !
pwallow. although St had come pre- 1
pared for a hitter dose. Wjth Murphy, !
Its captain and crack quarter, a crip- '
pie and the majority of th? other m<>n
r.ew to the varsity, defeat was almost
conceded, but such a defeat, ods root- 1
ers and rattles, never. Punch thirty
holes through that strong cardinal lir.*?
Who ever had such a ridiculous idea?
Nobody had such an idea before the
pame. not even the most sanguine
Berkeleyites. until th*y found in actual
contest how strong they were and how
weak their opponents. Then they pro.
ceeded to find the holes in that line bo
often and so easily that, long before '
the efid of the first half, many believed
they would make it 50 or CO to 0 be- .
fore they quit.
It was a lopsided came, but It didn't ;
pet quite so bad as all that. After every
touchdown ajrair.st them, with their
W plucky captain getting weaker and
weaker from the awful ordeal through
which he was passing, with other of its '
champions rx>ir.g hammered Into help- '
Jetsness. Stanford faced the fo» with j
pritted teeth to battle afresh for
the honor of the university. The bat- \
tie the wearers of the red put up was ,
marvelous and it surprised and tired ;
their opponents. As the minutes parsed '
they grew more «and more desperate >
and early In the second ha!f. with more
than a third of the team replaced by j
colts, they played a same that, pre- j
sented earlier, might have materially ;
changed the tune. It was magnificent, j
but it was too late, mart's the pity.
The largest crowd, the gayest and i
most enthusiastic and best behaved of !
any that ever witnessed a football !
parr.c on this coast saw the great i
§ struggle. More than 17.000 seats I of
been sold In advance of the opening of j
the gates and a couple o/ thousand :
more admission tickets were handed i
out by the ticket sellers before play
commenced. As early as 12 Vclock j
crowds began pouring Into the many j
▼ *ates and overflowed Into the great;
stands on three sides of the gridiron, j
From the noon hour on till 2:30 o'clock,
the time set for the game, there was
a constant stream of holiday garbed |
The san Francisco Call
Tr.<*n and worrier., decked with cardinal
and with blue and gold streamers, with
red umbrellas and with sunshades
striped in the colors of California, with
horns and megaphones, bazoos and
rattles, with tin whistles and por.cn
and every other known invention for
the production of noise. Scarlet pen
nants fluttered defiance to pennants of
blue and gold, walking sticks were
decorated with ribbons of the rival
hues, hats were covered with the:ti.
neckties were made of them, bouton
nieres were fashioned of th^m. Flow
ers of the season were plentiful oa
many a fair bosom to declare that t^
thn-bbing feminine heart beneath pul
sated for one or the other team.
Over against the east had been raised
a mammoth stand for the direct ad
herents of the two universities. It
was 400 feet lons and seats rose t!er
on tier thirty from the ground. The
south half of this great stand had ber.-.
divided off for the Berkeley boys and
their friends, the north half for Stan
ford. It had been calculated to ho!d
COOO people and it did. every mother's
son and daughter of them. Great
streamers of cardinal bunting ran
southward from the center ar.d others
of blue and gold ran northward, to In
dicate that the occupants of seats were
the friends of the seats of learning be
neath whose colors they sat. Such a
precaution was entirely unnecessary.
Every one of the 3000 in the stand
set apart for California wore prom
inently on his or her person enough
blue and poM ribbon or hat or pennant
or all «hre* to dr^ss a ship. Likewise
with the Stanford section.
And. as if even this was not enough,
the yells. In the center of each great
section a large space had been reserved
for the organized rooters. It was hardly
necessary to reserve these spaces, be
cause the rooters were almost the first
of the great crowd to pour in through
the gates. They piled, the Berkeleyites
into their section, the cardinals into
theirs and the battle of wits began.
The boasts of California were answered
by the taur.:s of Stanford. The air was
full of "whisky wowwows." whatever
of a creation that is. and "give 'em the
ax." The Princeton yell for Garry
Cochran was hurled back by the Yale
hurroo for Chamberlain. Songs of vic
tory, of which the blue and gold felt
confident, were mingled with other ad
vance peans sung by the rooters from
Palo Alto. It was the hullabaloo of all
former football gatherings turned loose
at once, till the uninitiated were lost in
the riot of noises, unable to distinguish
what the university men were howling
about anyhow.
On the west fie a large grand stand
had been erected for the members of
the University Club. As they were from
both universities and all colleges, it was
not thought proper to decorate the
stand, leaving that matter to the per
sonal tastes of the holders of seats. The
result was a magnificent mixture of the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1899.
■
-
hum.
HOW THE PIGSKIN MOVED UP AND DOWN THE FIELD.
0 Indicates bail in California's possession.
0 Indicates ball in Stanford's possession.
t^— «^"^^^ Indicates advancement by runs.
\ this*
•he far ?;. ;
r
... ... Indicates advancement by kicks.
* $:.$: * * Indicates fumble.
.*^ r y^t^ /rH Gained by penalty.
Th* 1 light at this time waa n: ■
Hich up in
1 ar.i
■
|
-
and women cheering. Below in every f
direction people were moving, tin horns ;
were tootlne. bazoos were d/oning and j
all was excitement. It was a •.ball !
crowd such as San Franciscans had
road about but never seen till then. It
was the blood and the life and the
breath of the game soon to move upj
and down for its brief hour on the grid
iron.
More was added shortly before 2
o'clock, when the white uniformed :
Stanford band, headed by a warm
young drum major in specs, trotted
in at the northern end of the field to
march time to lend its airs to the en
couragement of the Stanford rooters.
A moment later the Berkeley band
marched in with a Sonsa measure from
the south side, and a musical duel be
gan to vie with the roots for the plau- I
dits of the crowd.
Above it all the sun shone out clear I
and warm, leaving In the air just that
suspicion of snapplness that lends
zest to such surroundings. It was an
ideal day for the forthcoming struggle.
It couldn't have been better if ordered. j
and even the kodak fiends, of whom |
there were a few. were not slow to i
take advantage of its opportunities. Xo j
wonder the rooters rooted and the spec
tators yelled. The Stanford drum ma- i
jor, specs and all. saw his chance and j
got. out on the grid to do a stunt with j
his stick all by his lonelles. while the
crowd looked on and applauded.
At 2:30 o'clock the tiny Berkeley mas
cot trotted across the field, and Al Lean
was seen to emerge from behind the j
scenes to test the bottled limewater he j
had brought all the way from Berkeley ;
for his lambs. It was suspected that i
Billy McLeod was doing a similar yeo- I
man service In his quarters for the !
abstemious cardinals.
It was past scheduled time for the
game, and shouts had been given for
everything and everybody, including
Presidents Jordan and Wheeler, who
had put in an appearance on the side
lines, and unmistakable yells were be- .
ing sounded for the two teams, when
the Berkeley men burst on the scene,
with Coaches Cochran and Kelly and
"Baby" Cadwallader.
And there was nothing but yells from
Berkeleyites for the next three or four
minutes, while the players ran the pig
skin up the field and down again for a
little warming. Then appeared the
Stanford men. led by Murphy, his float- i
ing ribs encased in corsets of steel, '
ready to do or die. And there was
nothing again but noise from the Stan
ford enthusiasts and more and oppos
ing clamors from California, rooters
vying with each other in their efforts
to split the heavenly difference.
There is an end to everything, how
ever, and the noise-makers toned down
to absolute silence as Captains Murphy
and Whipple got together In the center
of the field with Referee Goodwin and
Umpire King Dlxon to t,oss the coin
for choice of positions." After two trials «
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and Judging merely from the actions
of Stanford's quarter that ho had won.
another yell went up from the red
decked crowd, the men from Palo Alto
lined up on the south half of the field,
their backs to the sun. for the opening
kick off. their foes from Berkeley facing
them. The whistle blew and. with a
godspeed yell from the great crowd,
the game was on.
With a run Murphy's Rood right foot
landed on the pigskin and away it
soared high toward the Berkeley goal.
Into the hands of "Locomotive" Smith
It dropped forty yards away. The rail
roader got on a full head of steam and
carried it back fifteen yards toward th«
enemy's territory before he was
downed. A few small gain* through
the line, a thirty-yard punt by Kaars
berg. a pretty tackle of Murphy by
Womble. a California player landing so
hard on the back of the fallen quarter
that cardinal rooters raised a hiss in
protest, a fake kick of Stanford pret
tily blocked and the Berkeleyites had
the spheroid well in Stanford territory,
th" weakness of the cardinals had been
shown, the strength of the blue and
gold was apparent and Whipple's men,
playing the finest kind of football, went
through holes and around ends enough
in the next six or seven minutes to
gain their first touchdown. There
seemed to be nothing to it but a littto
work against which Stanford seemed
unable to stand. Kaarsberg kicked his
first goal with ease and Berkeley had
6 to her credit and more a-comlng.
Smith did the same trick with Mur
phy's next klckoff and soon afterward
Stanford's first mishap occurred. In
a sharp scrimmage Fisher was cut on
the forehead and for •» moment it was
thought he was out of It. The doctor
got to him, however, with a bondage.
the plucky player was tied together
and, shaking hla head, started at It
again. More bucking of the Stanford
line, a rattling run around by Kaars
berg, with the finest kind of inter
ference from Hall, a run by that player
and another by Womb'.e and the pis
skin was dangerously close to Stan
ford's goaL In less than eight minutes
from the kickoff the Berkeleyites had
crowded It over for their second touch
down and Kaarsberg kicked it over the
sticks and made the score an even
dozen. . •'- '
The Berk rooters were fairly wild
at the wonderful work of their team
and made things hum with their voices
as their men got in position for another
btruggle. Stanford was i!esporate -»nd
the lunss of Its rooters save forth hol
low sounds meant to be encouraffln~.
Captain Murphy kicked oil wrickrdly.
but Kaarsberp, playing iike a -lemon,
was under him and punted back. Out
of the Bcrimmnse that followed Murphy
arose badly distressed and barely able
to gasp the signals to his men. It was
sought to Induce him to retire from
the came, but he shook his head and
refused to listen. The game pro2
cetfd^d. tho snmo story b"Jng repented,
the speedy Stanford ends, tho Indom
itable Kaarsberg and Hall and Smith
■QPflugettlng the ball beyond Stanford's'
post. Another easy kick for goal and
Berkeley had is to her credit.
Tb" next was Murphy's lan klckoft
!n Use frame. Racked with pair, worn
out "and mentally distressed at the
weak showing of his team, the gritty
quarterback was compelled to quit a ;
few minutes after he had made It He
cried bitfr tears at the necessity that
fprced him out. It wasn't so much the ,
bodily pain, which had been lost sight I
of In tha excitement, but it was sheer I
exhaustion, lie was a picture of woe j
us he was walked off tlje field and
Eiretth<-d himself out. crying ami pain
ing en the *!do linos. The Herkeleyites.
losing sight of partisanship, in sympa
thy f«ir the mental distress of ?uch a
Crltty foeman. gave a lusty three cheers
for Captain Murphy. Hilly Ilalke took
the disabled quarter's place and It
looked for a mumorii after the ball was
In I'i.iy ;is if the new blood would tell.
It was only for a moment, however,
ami Berkeley tallied its fourth touch
down and goal. It was the last In that
hair, although .the Berkeleyltes tried so
hard for another that they had the ball
on Stanford's twenty-yard line when
tho to histle blew.
Pandemonium Immediately broke
loose and raped wi all sides of the Mg
quadrangle for the next fifteen min
utes. The Berkeley partteajis were t>o
Vucli'.-roug-ihai—Unele Jasper McDon
ald. who occupied a front seat In the
preas stand,. said a Democratic conven
tion was not a marker to them. Stan
ford wiiS Just as vociferous, but the
courage of its many lips had a hollow
ring that betrayed the, utter, woe in
their dark red hearts.. They were
cheering on a hope growing more for
lorn every minute, but they cheered
Just the same and waved their scarlet
banners in defiance -.-of the bulls of
Berkeley and despairingly wait . for
th« ond. The eportlnff blood of the
backers of thp ir.en from across the bay.
vas up und there were more proffers
than one from them of even money
wagers that Stanford would not score
In the la.n hulf. The Eastern cet-rich
PRESIDENT JORDAN THINKS
STANFORD HAD STAGE FRIGHT
DAVID FT Aim JORDAN, prwldcnt of Stanford University, said after
the pamc;
"In the firrt place it w.is a rase of rtage fright on the part of Stan
ford. The team did not arouse its«-lf to action until the second half.
and thcn.lt made a grand struggle against Inevitable defeat. The
jUnlvcrplty of <*allf'irnia had a .'cpsoncd team. and its concerted action
brought about the large score Capmln Murphy showed wonderful courage
Jn going Into the gsimc handicapped us he was with his painful injury. Then*
Is only one thin-; that I v.ant to criticize anil that is the action of the Berk*
ley man who Jumped on Murphy. His captain should have done what the
captain of the Harvard team 'lid nomo weeks ago. and that is rule off the
man who act«-d in such an unsportsmanlike way. I don't want to be too
pevcre. but It seemed to me as .'■ it was done with the intent of compell
ing Murphy to leave the game.
"Next y<ar we hop* the cardinal will do better. Nearly oil th*> men who
were in to-day's panic will probably play— that is. if some other men do
cot crowd otlKTs out. Murphy and Pnrkor wyi be the only ones to graduate.
"I want to congratulate Berkeley on its magnificent team work. Its
co-ordinate work In the game earned it a victory. Tracker has the making
cf a fine player and I think Ro-iolph made a good showing during the time
he was in the game. Coach Chamberlain is one of the best men I have met.
He is a fine man and a gentleman. He worked hard to bring his team to
victory, but was handicapped by groen material; We cannot- speak too high
ly of Dr. Murphy. He sent a body of players Into the Held In perfect condi
tion, nnd it was wholly due to h'.s watchful care that this was brought about.
I think stage fright was largely responsible, for the large score in the iim
half." , ..„,.,.,...,; s . . • . . ,':.',; t.v.-,V- .'1,;, _.
Pictorial Glimpses at Persons and Incidents Noted and Fixed by Call Artists
! quirk fever not having reached so far
"West th^re were no takers and more
than once during the next three-quar
ters of an hour there were moments
when Stanford enthusiasts felt like
i kicking themselves for not having in
[ vested. They would have lost as mat
ters turned out, but they would have
had a splendid run for their money.
Th- fifteen-minute interval did won
ders for the Stanford team, but they
did not begin to manifest themselves
until after Berkeley had taken advant
age of the first ten minutes following
Jhe klckoff in making another touch
down and goal. "Kangaroo" Kaars
borg, who was easily the star of the ,
Berkeleyites.. mime one run of forty- |
five yards around the Stanford end
that was easily worth the price of ad
mission.
After that in ppit* of the fact that
three men of the Stanford team too
badly need up to continue had been re
! lleved by three others the blue and
I gold players were not only unable to
make any decided advances into Stan
ford territory, but had to work their
hardest to keep their opponents from
scoring:. What Stanford may have lost
in team work from the retirement of
Boron. Smith and Oilman was more
; than made up apparently by the intro
duction of lludo'.ph. Erb and Cairns
and the reds played football decidedly
worrisome to their opponents.
Rudolph was just a little bit fantastic
with his poses and attracted consider
able attention by an exhibition of the
feeling that he might pull the fat out
Of the fire. He worked as hard as a.
beaver, however, and was cheerfully
forgiven for any grand stand attitudes
into which he fell.
There were continuous admonitions to
the cardinal team from the red benches
'. that now was their time to score and
they went in as if they believed it and
the Berkeley players had to set them
selves firmer and fight harder than they
had been led to expect they would have
to do earlier in the game. The result
| was football of a high order, some" of
the kind you read about in the meet-
Ings of Harvard and Yale and Prince
ton and Cornell and Pennsylvania.
Kaareberg dived higher and kanga
rooed farther than ever, Womble de
veloped into more of a world's wonder
than ever. Greisberg and Hill and
Cornish were towers of might, but do
ull as they might their goaJ was several
times in danger during the half and
! they never got dangerously close to
j Stanford's.
A man with half an eye and not the
slightest knowledge of football could
j appreciate the beauties of the game.
It was '.!.•• whole thing with no dls
j count, the only pity bei-np that it did
j not. develop earlier.
It didn't, however, and Berkeley won,
j 30 to 0. and the Berkeleyites went wild
as the game ended. They tore down
great strips of blue and gold bunting
and. yelling like Indians, waving their
' blue and gold caps -and canes, tooting
their horns and blowing their bazoos,
they followed the band doing a thou
j sand-footed serpentine on the gridiron
[of victory* After yelling themselves
: hoarse in the incoming fog they headed
j uptown in triumphal procession, toot
! ing peans of victory on their way to
i Thanksgiving dinners till they couldn't
I rest. All last night the city and . its
i theaters were theirs. They celebrated
j the night of a great day and some are
celebrating yet.
Stanford was more sedate in its en
joyments as became losers, but they
look forward with hope to another day
; when the score shall be CO to nit and
the nil may be Berkeley.
STORY OF THE
BATTLE FROM
LINE TO LINE
"I'm only half satisfied," said Womble,
the California end. after tho game. "Last
night I had a dream that kept me smil
ing at myself in my sleep. There never
wa* a moment when I was not placing the
ball for Pete Knar-berg to kick goals."
The reason of Womble's seml-satlsfac
tion 1;« clue to tho surprising resistance
that the Stanford team made with the
score 24-0. sending shafts of pain right
through their souls. Four touchdowns
and as many goals was the work of the
first thirty-five minutes of play. This
gave Womble his football ecstasy of hold-
Ing the pigskin for the goal-klcker. The
second half was more stubbornly contest
ed by the Cardinal and the California end
had but a single opportunity to glitter in
the realization of his morphean ideal.
After the tantalizing suspense depend
ent upon the few words of the captains
TITE SAN rKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER I, 1899.
CORNER OF THE BIG CROWD IN THE UNIVERSITY CLUB'S STAND.
with the officials. Referee Goodwin blew
his whistle and the intercollegiate match
or l*o was begun. Stanford won the
privilege of the kick-off, and Chester Mur
phy, he of ••.split-slat" fame, otherwise
known as Floating Rib Murphy, began
the contest that brought so much Joy to
California and so much sorrow and cha
grin to Stanford. Away the ball sailed
down the Held. Smith, dubbed the "Loco
motive." was waiting for iron the 10-yard
line. but then was no rest for him after
the pigskin reached his hands. Plowing
his way through the covering of sand ho
bowled over .1 brace of red-shirted oppo
nents and was not brought to earth until
no reached Hs own 30-yard line.
Hoth teams were breathing hard, nerv
ous and shaky vi lth a gridiron fright when
Hopper yelled out his signal for the next
play. Swish came the California backs
at the Stanford line, but the cardinal
stiffened and there was no gain. Coch
ran on the side lines gritted his teeth
and cursed under his breath, for h*
couldn't understand it. Another try with
the line result, and the Stanford men
in the stands v. en: wild with exultant
excitement. California was forced to
punt, Kaarsberg being called upon for
this feat. To the Stanford 20-yard line
the pigskin went, and then came the
cardinal's first chance for offensive play.
Fisher was burled against California
line. Three yards nearer the enemy's
goal was the ball. Another two yards
tvns ail thp red wantrri, hut they yere nt
to be. The ball was passed to Murphy
for a kick, but Hill, the blue and gold
end, drove him into the Rand before lie
could swing his foot. The next attempt
at punting was successful and Murphy
punted the ball to the enemy's 45-yard
line.
Seventy yards away from the Califor
nia line stood the Stanford goal posts.
It was a long, hard course and the irk
of touchdowns severe and trying. "Now
la the lime to score," yelled the Califor
nia rooters, and the team heeded the cry.
Smith plunged through a hole between
Burnett ana Gilman for a binall gain.
After an ineffectual attempt at the Stan
ford center Smith was snot with cata
pultlc force at the other tackle and his
course was marked with supine red
shirts. The center was hammered, tne
guards were hit and battered, the ends
were circled. Hall, Smith, Kaarsberg and
Womble tearing their way down the
field. "Peter the Stanford Eater" Kaurs
berg tried his kangaroo leap over the
pile. Smith' dashed through the tackles
live yards at a time until the pigskin rest
ed on the Stanford 5-yard line. There
was no stopping the California cohorts,
but Stanford, not yet dlshearten-»-1.
braced for the struggle. Hardly bad the
cardinal team lined in position' when
Percy Hall smashed through McFadden
and 1 ra> ger with the rest of the blue and
gold men 111 his heels. The crowd on the
bleachers knew it was a touchdown and
every kind of college noise floated over
the Reid with blue and gold tone effects.
Five to nothing was the score, soon
changed to six as Kaarsberg kicked the
ball out of Womble's band squarely ba
tween the goal posts. I
What happened in the first half were
three repetitions of this hammering, pep
pering line fire on the part of California.
Again Murphy I kicked off and again
Smith picked his way up the field, hold
ing his feet with three Stanford men en
circling his body. On the California 30
yard line the second onslaught began
by the blue and Kold. This sort of gain,
slow but sure, was a trifle too much of the
former to suit < ochran's colts, so ICaar3
berg punted to Murphy, looking wan and
sail In the back Held of his own territory.
Not an Inch did he advance the ball, for
like shots out of a cannon Womble and
Hill were upon him. Nothing remain"d
for Stanford to do hut punt, and Murphy
was called upon again. With the ball on
California's 4"-yard line that eleven be
gan its second touchdown crusade. Rip
ping and dissevering the. cardinal rush
line FCaarsberg, Smith and Hall played
ninepins with the dumfounded red in«
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove'e BlgatLtur^jq /ach box. jGCj
Then Womble " he is called—
took the l>all under hjs i. it arm and -t.n
■i. Around Parker be clr
.l that stood before tiini and
the much i iveted goal w;is Murphy,
gritty little raj. tain. Murphy wis
• without a striiKKi-- and
truggle that enabled the re«l
of th< cardinal team t.< rt;ic!i the winged
footed Womble, whose mail onward ca
'> < r .■ . .: : . a halt twenty-nve
goal posts that h< \\k><\
so much. A:- before, nothing could stop
the men from California. The backs
worked togrei ier; the Interference formed
■ and stuck line adheslTe plaster.
Five yards at .1 «ulp came the California
chargers, closer and closer to the last
lim<- line. Eight yards away, with t!i<
■mell "i it In their nostrils. Smith tor. a
gap through the Stanford fort, passed
under the bar between the posts, and the
was I] ". it was no trirk for
to kick that goal. Boon, 12 a
Bruised, battered and bleeding, Stan
ford took Its stand on the centra] line,
the medicine which hud been forced down
the throat* of the eleven men from Palo
Alto producing a sickly expression on tho
multitude of faces in the cardinal sec
tions. When would this slaughter cease?
I Burnett, who played on Stanford's win
ning elevens of other years, was non
plused. For the third time Murphy
Kicked off. Kaarsbcrg caught the ball and
brought It ten yards nearer the cardinal
Tjoal. Again me punting same was r<
sorted to. and Murphy, on his own 4.".
yard line, caught the pigskin, but a pos-
s ible good run was nipped in the bud when
Hill brought him to earth at the center of
i the Held. Murphy, exhausted, rent by
pain both physical and mental, did his
best to put lire Into his men and bolster
them up. For the nonce Stanford did
show sonic ginger. Smith went through
Prlngle, and the next play brought an
other gain. Then the California line
hardened and caked with never a sign of
yielding. Murphy, In attempting a double
pats, was caught behind his line on tho
third trial and the ball became blue and
gold's. That was the doom that scaled all
Stanford's hopes. This time the ball was
sixty-five yards from their posts, but the
rearing, mounting, plunging backs of Cal
ifornia were ever on their feet, driving
headlong through the bunch of red shirts
that stood In their way. Prlngle and
Smith were used for line plunging. Kaars
berg for his kangaroo leap. Hall and
Womble for •nd runs. The merciless buf
feting went on foot by foot, yard by yard,
until Smith was shot through Burnett for
the third touchdown of the game. Wom
ble held the ball and Kaarsberg kicked n.
goal. Score. 1S»-O, California on the long
end.
"Ten to five that Stanford doesn't
score," yelled a grizzled man In one of
the Held boxes, all decorated with blue
and gold. "A bottle of wine to a bottle
of beer on the same proposition," floated
out of a neighboring box, both without
takers. For the fourth time Stanford
lined up for the klckoff. Captain Murphy
tottering and eyes dimmed with tears.
Kaarsberg received his kick and return'
it to the Stanford 40-yard line. Crash
came the opposing forces together, and
all picked themselves out of the heap but
PRESIDENT WHEELER MUCH
PLEASED WITH THE RESULT
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, presttart of the University of California.
nil an interested spectator of the gartif. At its conclusion, he Mid:
"I was very much pleased with the result of the pimc. It was a Rood,
gentlemanly contest and, in my opinion, the playing fairly corre
sponded with the best Eastern football. California showed excellent
organization in the line and behind it and the mechanical precision
with which the team worked MtWMeJ my high—l admiration. I was also
much |.|. as.il with Stanford's revival in the second half. The cardinals lm
proved In their pOOtlni in the lattt-r part of the gUBfl and j;a\-.- fh<- sptct.itors
■ vi ry pretty display. It was a thoroughly good contest and everything con
nected with It was worthy of the two universities."
Murphy. He was panting on the ground,
worn out. literally torn to pi* • es. For
tin- la.-t fifteen minutes he had been play
ing on sheer grit and nerve, but now hia
i.ik under him as he attempted to
stand. To the side lines they carried
him. weeping like a child. It wan not
the physical distress, but the mental t"r
ture that he fell most. Haiti took bis
place and the game commenced. Not be
ing able to eff.ct any gains through Cali
fornia's line, Btanford was forced to de
liver possession of the ball. No 1
Aa.- this dune than Smith lessened the
distance between his team and the Stan
ford goal by twenty yard?. The !rr
siiiie Kaarsberg then covered some more
Stanford territory, followed by Smith
around the end. A few feet from the
goal line Hall forged his way through
the pack Of red shirts, an.l the fourth
touchdown wa« registered. Wombli
Kaarsberg did their Beld-teaa ad and
>re read California LM, Stanford un
changed.
From thi» time to the end of the first
half much punting was practiced by both.
End runs by Smith, gr. at Interference by
Hall, splendid exhibitions of tackling by
Wcmhlo and the whistle blew a tempor
ary surcease from struggling, tho ball
on Stanford's 20-yard line in blue and gold
hands.
SECOND HALF.
Stanford at the end of the first half
showed every sipn of disorder, confusion
and rout. The men had their very hearts
cut and ground out of them. With their
captain on the side lines and the Califor
nia boat counting off the score with pain
ful and exasperating slowness they took
th.ir scattered places In the north field.
During the rest Coach Chamberlain was
at them with advice and censure. The
look that came over their faces as they
stood expectant and anxious for the
whistle to blow promised better things.
But before the tide turned California
added another touchdown to Its list, and
the score reached its final high pitch,
31)—0.3 1 )— 0. Kaarsberg kicked off the Stanford
:f">-yard line and then the cardinal w«-iit
back to its old game at line-bucking, but
its efforts were unfruitful. A punt was
forced out of the red heap, and Kaars
berg, catching the ball on the Sta
40-yard line, didn't stop running until he
reached the oenter of the field. California
came ai Stanford once and twice without
a gain when Hopper fumbled. Smith, fur
the > ardlnal, was passed the ball by Kant.
and to th>' surprise of the IT.Oio spectators
Hill's end was circled for twenty yards.
On the California 30-yard line th»« Stan
ford rashers were now standing. Could
they muster up enough strength and I i-h
to carry it over? That wan the primal
question that troubled the minds of both
contingents, but not for long. Three tlnus
the Stanford bucks banged away at the
California phalanx, meeting i;i«t as mnnv
repulses. The * < n 11 «>nt to the nun from
Berkeley and the crowd settled for a hat
hail become the routine of the day.
Hut evr-n California surprised the spec
tators. Hitherto nothing sensational bad
been done, nothing brilliantly distinctive.
I- was all hard grilling team play that
won for the blue and gokL Now. it was
Knar-berg's chance to cap the dim tx ol
I Mdlur achieve! LTOtind the Stan
ford right end be Mew. like a cycloi
ours.- of destruction. With his left
i he leveled man after man of the Si
force, darting past some and rldir.k.
shod over others. Percy Hall w .
1 him and several of the red shirts were
forced to the ground by collision with hln
fast moving body. Fifty yards of n Id
was covered before Kaarsberg was
I stopped by Smith of Stanford. It was
!an exciting i>lay. appreciated by th.
crowd and called for all the enthu
I that the thousands could free themst-lves
Of.
An off-side play on Stanford"* part gave
California an extra ten yards. Down the
field they kept moving until another
touchdown was imminent. To Smith be-
longed the honor of the last touchdown.
Through a k:ip in the center he ."qulrmed
t'T the twenty-ninth point of the game
Kaarsberg made it thirty with his sure
footed leg.
Tiie crowd settled, anticipating another
score "f points which ne • Sian
fopl now took it- lonu-looked-for
and no more touchdowns or goal kicking
marked tho game, runt after punt by
of Interchange. H..r«n paining on
Kaanberg every time. Occas'lonally
Stanford would i.reak through th»» <"ali
fornia line. Traesrer doing admirable work
I Our Pedora $1.30 hat would be a Rood value for 52.00— In fact, I
I you woulJ be perfectly willing to pay that for It if you didn't know v
I our price was i*
$ 1.30.
I We buy these hats in 1200 lots— that Is why you get a $2.00 hat |
i for $1.30 instead of afl. 30 hat. jg
1 They come in stiff and soft shapes. a)
I! Stiff . soft y
2 colors— brown, colors— pearl, J
F ecu; r and cedar . ' rown
% black. and black.
I Boys' Golf Caps. Jjl||||(j^ 1 I
I isc-ch. "^^^ g I
I Out of town orders filled— write us for our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. tl
M ."■*.**■''■ * *^^ * B -1
I (Sk S.N.WOOD BCO (@) El
t X^tftj/ Tia MARKET ST, N^lO^ 1 S3
""""^^ -———I M^^MM^ j
In his position. For a time the atmo
sphere waa redolent with a possible
Stanford touchdown. To the 25-yard lino
the backs forced the California and an
off-sldo play gave them a present of an
other ten. Here was Stanford's hardest
rushes and here was California best de
fense. Had Stanford ma«le the necessary
pain It is very probable that a touchdown
would have b»on their portion. Four
yards of the five they did get and ail was
over. The ball changed hands.
California had been slowing Its pace ah
this time. Kaarslx.Tß and Smith and Hall
and Womble were again wheeled into the
action and yard »■;. yard the ball was
forced down the field until all possibility
of danger was avoided. In the charge
Boren was Injured and forced to Quit the
game; Smith followed and Erb took his
place. Rodolph was nervous as a cat m
his anxiety, and he furnished amusement
for the crowd, also for Kaarsberg. who
nearly lost his head by one of Rodolph'a
mad defensive attacks. When the
whistle, which ended the game, sent its
shrill signal over the grounds. California
was on Stanford's 20-yard line, with tho
ball in its possession.
The officials were William Goodwin,
referee: C. K. Dlckson, umpire. Lines
men. Phil Franklin, California; Dave
Brown. Stanford.
The teams lined up as follows:
California. Positions. Stanford.
mbl« R-Erul-L . McFarMen
I'rinirle R— Tackle— L .. Traeicr
Ath^rn 'iiar! I. . . De Forent
Comlah Center !.»••
Orclsberit L— <fiiar<l— R. ..Gllm«n-ralrn»
Whipple (c«pt.) ..L— Tuckle— Ft . . Durn^tt
Hill I^-En.J-R l-ark-r
Hopper Quarter Murphy (capt.)
Smith R— Half-I, Smlth-Frb
Hall I^— Half-n FUtif.
Kaartbers .... M Full CorctfUololpti
TEAM WORK AND
FLFET BACKS WON
AN EASY GAME
J. B. SHE EH AN JR.
A well-balanced. '»•' ajorrcsslve. vet
eran football eleven. playlnK with a u«
clslon that comes only with the experi
ence of many games ur. 1. r careful coach
ing, defeated a team of green men Into
whom had been pounded a similar careful
detail of explanation of the puzzling in
tricacies of the game, but the effects of
which failed to come to the surface until
one-half of grilling play had literally
"opened their ryes" as to a proper
method of defense. A quick, ripping,
line-breaking game on the part of H*rke
ley's backs carried the pig-kin foot 'im'i
over Stanford's goal line In th» flrnt half
despite the most desperate defensive ef.
fort* of the well-condition*" cardinal
men. It was sturdy spirit and wonder
ful gameness to the very call on the part
of the men of Palo Alto, but those two
high-sounding characteristics do rot
stop an up-to-date offensive force such 1 1
California lei toose m the locomotive
power of Hall. Smith and Kanr»b?rje,
with the varied ground-gaining prowsi
of Wotnhle and Prln«cl<\ and therein lies
the story of th*» thirty hard-earned points
of the blue .in ! gold
Teams of greater personnel in point ofDuring the Progress of the Pigskin Up and Down the Folsom Street Gridiron.
«peecy payers. In advantage tn weight. in !
!:: '.'.vu. x.3.1 brilliancy have battled on a i
Ca»l.orr.la gridiron in year* gone by; but
r.o eleven ever reached a greater dejrree of
proficiency. .'xpres*ed in the mystic ath
;er:c phrase--Tieajn play."" than the eleven
tnat Serke.ey plact-d agnlnst Stanford !
yesterday. The L". C. eleven of '&> earned
a r..i:r.e in that respect, but this of '» sup
p.=.r.tj« It xvhen the veteran tin^e of aban
don In play and yet careful accuracy In
execution is considered. On the other !
..ar.<i. a paradoxical condition presents It- I
•elf. for while California* victor* of yes- ;
lercay were but a ."hade stronger in form ;
than In SS. still they added . lght points '
to the deed of a year ago and certainly;
met a cardinal eleven two hundred per i
cent. strongfr all things considered, than >
the dilapidated team mat fell bect-ata the i
*cor* ol i.. In short the fact that one
carn.t evade I* that this well-conditioned.
r.l*!.-«p»rU«r>d, physically strong cardinal
team, wfclie no match for Calltornia. did |
hot discover Its own ability until the dls
•t«troiy flrft half of yesterday's gaae
Kave It the name of veteran.
Ev.n conceding the tir.«d condition of
Berkeley* iuird-worke*! backs the Stan
lord Vrace win more than perveptible and |
sr T'.rr.»« sav.>r>Hl of the J'tronjc on offensive j
c.f well a? defensive. An advantage In a'
punting I'.-ut'e. added t«» some meteoric!
defensive ;>-.w-r. h-!d CaMfnrr.ia to six;
points in tne s—eond naif. wnUe a fine i
offensive. «;>urt, commencing <in Califor
r.la s Si-yard line, brought th<» ball to
th«« 12-yard mark. where It was I
J-^t or. downs; ail of which in the
far* Cf the i>--t that California loses a
r,uaVr or her veterans mis year, while
all ntspiint < ."aptaln Murphy and Parker
r"t:.r- :.» Stanford; which aug-ars well for
• more interesting eaten in the season of
;3&rtcts of men !n the game of
; •'-•rrday caught my eye. but from totally
• ••* ■ •-: r'at.«ip.-ilnts. Th* first— the rtn
:- »d veteran four of California— Hall.
S-:T::rh. K.i.ar»^<*rg and Wombie; the sec
• • . ■ frohraan hunch on the Stanford
tea it le !;■; ■•». <;ap*aln Murphy's un
:. . Tra-'irr. l^»e ana another
the halfback. Of the first their
••■ raad« in our football history;
nd, :hey will b*. "I»eomotive"
>■ ' : rkeley probably has no su
• iv a consistent ground
, •r. II" would rtt In any
us «n 1 :>■• dubbod as something
• liall and Kasrsberg
- : r 1 nil careers !n a blaze
rw strstdy. sure and always t
- ther back in the game of!
the other attaining a brtl
: ;'iv :n fcurt srarttr.^. splendid
« :ii r.e oc fal-:«*s and '.a.«:ly in exe
• ■ u-'i :vn ;• aM I.S famous
1 ..• . . • • \ .-r • • Dt«r.
■ • trick has l***n commented
in '••.> w:th .t.-i ultimate conclusion
. • • irnent. u«iuily r^.«ul:lr.s in the
- - - • football demise of the lithe
'.<.. liv.x h^ h«« lived through
rvl with tea.^or,. for the Jump
Is ; the or.c of absolute bre.ik-neck
Sen that !t feems. Th«* player's
b* ■ '■■ the l>a'.: Srxnly heM under the
col .• : a .1 hunched Rhoalden and
anr>«. ofr>»r r.o loose meaiL^r to a
•t's visions Jab. Boosted by fellow ,
; mi ■ .:hcr slides thin divea over
• • • : men. WotnbJe i^ a wonderful
••• • . ►-'M.v up to the Ka.«tern type. fast. ■
* 5n th» c'disc ar.d a very .
gr." • - - .- off. lurking, however. In
thai rievefrew tn hiding th" advantage
r*:ie *tr«-t«h;rz and ruugh play that he
; •• i-Kiulg""' in.
F f -•:.' fr^*hm«*n their lau
r*N. I^ec. th«* IC> pound r«»n!«*r. while
outi ; i>ed In the rlr«t hulf. starrt^l In the
A little exi>*ri^r.<**» iljd It. Flght
:'.; blinding but h.ird early In the game,
he v:<* forced o^:t <if many plays. Later
h* found the v?"* of his eves and clearly
demonstrated hi.* worth. Haitt at quarter
Tia* *ur^ but a little slow and barring one
•n*tance. ran hS« fam well. Smith at
i.B.\i. while among the Berkeley backs j
*-cry <<ft»n r>n the defence. <*id not show
the i;r:.i<-k of nailinx his main, a fault he. !
rv.il ..\errome. He Is a born.ffnjund gain- j
••r. Stanford's b*-st In this respect and j
will be heard from these three y»ars to
com"
Traeger in the cartftnal f.nd. Practically ,
lr.*xrrr:cnced at the tackle position. In j
the !««>cond half he easily bested Pringle, •
and time and arsin was down the field j
*!th th» er.d« on the punt. Every oth«*r I
Etar.fcrd player fought like a tiger, but i
•h» ••>ment of ratting tnc«ther was lack- I
:r.r !:i both phases of play, and while tn-
ClvMeaJ ekill was plentifully shown as '
& twrn It was all the grernness of disln- !
t^gratlon. Perhaps Parker's work at end \
waj the fiercest. Womble's the clex-er^st.
Hurr.ett smashM many a play and in an
cth^r season will appreciate the fine points
cf the place as well as h» did tho-e of
c*nr<ir rush in *?7. The essence of the
force of Berkeley's three center men was
bot in Individual prowess, but in a clerer
Und*rstar.<Jir.g of each other's movements.
Generally speaking. Stacford's right
W.r.g bricked by Fisher was stronger than
thVVft.
Before the contest th» condition of the
f>M frrmed a subject cf discussion as to
the advantage of one or the oth*r t»in.
It was aa a whole tp!e-dl<s for football—
r'.ichtly crusty on top. but withal firm
memgh for gridiron sprlntlnr purposes.
A prcperryity toward mild ilurgir.g <*vl
£*n<-ed itself "in this razae of '59. partlc!-
Anatomical * Mn in *
Lecture .1 O> I U .
be-
cjoiri la
r \
mnken eyes, haggard look. For ail sucn
conditions you want HUDTAN. - HUD-
YAN cures permanently; riTAN
brines back it glow of health.
HCD V AN— all druggists — a package.
tlx packages for C IA. If your ■ drujirtst
tor* not k~j» It. e«id direct to the HUD-
YAN REMEDY CO.. corner Stockton.
Ellis and Market streets. San Francisco.
LT HT'DTAN DOC-
* T . ; iBK, FREE OP
ALL OR WRITE.
■
(6«nd for «ntlr« acrlaa of Anatomical
rtvrcr-FHEE.'
Waiting Tor the Signal
pated in by both sides. This, together with
palpable holding, in which California was
the chief offender, formed a cause for
stricter ruling from the officials. While
Mr. Goodwin and Mr. Dickson are to b«
complimented for their fairness of de
cision, st'll I would venture to say that
under the eyes of Pashlel and McClung.
the Eastern experts, a dozen obvious
transgressions would have drawn a pen
alty as many times with the majority
apalr.«t California.
Chester Murphy. Stanford's gritty cap
tain, played a part of the first half un
der terrible conditions. Having Insisted
upon opening the game when he Ehould
not have done so. he still further insisted
upon remaining, when nothing but sheer
grit upheld him. Stanford and California
have had many gr»-at players, but none
cleverer or braver than Murphy.
The season <»r.«is as a triumph for
the coaches of Berkeley, Cochran and
Kelly, the ex-Princeton stars. Having
brought the California* to tr>p-notch foot
hall form Cochran l^av»-s Kellv to con
tinue In his stead. At Stanford the two
sons of Yale have work« d with the 100 I
odd candidates that appeared in Septem- i
ber. but lack of veteran stuff with which I
to form an early backbone of the varsity i
sadly handicappfd their work. So confl
dent Is the student holy In Burr. Cham
berlaJn and Dr. Murphy that ISOO will un
doubtedly see them on the Palo Alto grid
iron again.
8o another season of our college foot
ball ends— one tn which It mar be said
that ■ great team defeated a game one.
WATCHFUL POLICEMEN
PREVENTED ACCIDENTS
Not an accident or Interruption marred
the pleasures of the thousands of specta
tors who watched the two universities
strive for victory at Sixteenth and Fol
sotn streets yesterday afternoon. That
there were i:o casualties or disturbing el
ements wa.« due to th*» watchful care of
<*ar>taln James \V. Glllln and his officers.
Fifty pollc^m^n w*-re stationed inside and
outside of the grounds ar.u a? a result
there was little Jostling or crowding of
epectators in entering or leaving: the
ground.*.
The high tier of s*ats occupied by t!ie
yelling sections of both colleges sustained
the combined weight of eight thousand
enthusiasts without a break. As*ist»»nt
engineers P. H. Shaughnessy and ilc-
Klslck of the F".re Department were on
hand *»arty in the day and. in company i
with Captain Gil'.ln. inspected the seat
ir.g arrangements before passing linaJ
Judgment. The students' section was cal
<ulsited to comfortably seat and sustain
10.000 people. After space had been al
lotted for aisles the stand was estimated
to hold but Sf»>J people. Before deciding
that everything was *afe the city official*
ordered that about thirty-fight boxes be
torn up. so a.« to allow m«-.re space for
spectators to pass. The football managers
at first demurred, but seeing theChl^f and
Captain Glllln would not brook delay,
they ordered the- change. While the n>e
officials did not look for a. calamity, still
they thought It best to be on the sale
side, and a hook and ladder company
was ordered to drive up and down Fol-
Mm street and be In readiness to render
assistance.
Servant GrifSths had charge of seven
mounted patrolmen and eleven officers
and they V>nke»l out for the crowds nut-
Ride the grcunds. Captain Glllln. Ser
geant Perrtn and Corporai Shanahan and
thirty-two men were statlor.ea In vari
ous pla/vs Inside the grounds and man
aged admirably.
Wearing apparel, umbrellas purse? .->nd
other articles of value were lost during
the same. Many w«re found and return- 1
to their owners and the things recovered
by the police will be turned over to the
property clerk at the City Hall
STANFORD WAS JOSHED
AND BERKELEY YELLED
Every seat In the Grand Opera-house
from the footlights to the topmost tier
In the galleries wan occupied last night
by the clans of the blue and gold. The
winning team was In one of the boxes
with •t» coach and President Wheeler
while opposite was Mrs. Phebe Hearst and
party.
The college yells rang through the big
playhouse whenever there was the least
excuse for the exercise of the Callfornlan
lun«h ' *T U L U ' lth all J he enthiu that
filled the hearts of the Berkeley men they
were, on their best behavior. " The out
bursts were rood natural and there was
not an occurrence during the entire ev»n
lub -haT wu tn The least disorderly
Many features typical of the occasion
were introduced Into the extravaganza
•tivangellne." which held the boards
Stanford was mad© the butt of many a
thrust and the big audience yelled its
CAPTAIN WHIPPLE
ON THE CONTEST.
WJ..I.E the victory was not unexpected. I hardly thought the score
would be as Urge U it wa*. In the first half the team "pUv-d
fast, hard ball, never letting up for a moment and every man
working with a will and determination to pile up a score. Stanford
was weak on the defensive and we went through the line at the
center and tackles and around the ends. The California backs played fast
and the whole team was together.
"In the semnd half Stanford braced up and played good defensive ball and
we couldn't" score but a single touchdown. Murphy, captain of the cardinal.
Is one of the grittiest men I have cvf-r s»en on a football field. He was on
his nerve all the time when crippled and bruised, and had to be carried off the
field before he would quit."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1599.
California Breaks Through the Tackle for a Gain.
approval A curtain raiser. "Stanford vs.
\ assar." was expressive of the extreme
contempt Berkeley b~ars for the playing
of the men from Palo Alto and started
the enthusiasm that throughout th..- even
ing was a pnrt of the show.
There were cries for a speech from
President Wheeler, but he responded only
by stepping to the edge of his box and
bowing, and the audience cheered him.
Then th*-re was a call for three, cheers
for Mrs. Hean«t. and every one in the big
theater sto«,j up and shouted.
Th«- jnktrs ami the songs created to fit
the niKht w*>r<- replete with references to
the ax an<l that >rore of 30 to 0. Previous
to the performance th^re was a reception
to President Wheeler in the opera-nous-*
cafe, and after the show was over the
winning team was extended the glad hand
In the same place.
Stanford consoled iu,«>lf at the Tlvoll.
Jv? * 5a » un PhH Bra «son puts into
the Hoolah. and the best endeavors of
a half-dozen competent rooters, failed to
wake the crowd Into more than a weak
Imitation of the fun that has character
ized the rleht* of other years. Freshman
and 'soph fheered weakly and between
the acts talked about catching the last
train homo.
E iT ry , thins L on the was Stanford
cardinal chrysanthemums grew from
property flower pots, the college banner
hung on everything strong enough to sup
port it. and the bnc-a-hrac In the chorus,
antique and modem, was rued in th«
defeated colors. Those of the eleven who
attended occupied the boxes and were
heartily cheered from time to time by
admiring c fl 'i loff? ' and Phn Branson
ard William Schuster raised a rough
house by springing a well eelected lot of
Joshes on the faculty and every one else
connoted with the university upon whom
anything of the sort could t»» hung -
ford did not prove Itself a bad loser- it
pimply couldn't see the use of shouting
and It didn't^
LIGHTSHIP LYING
EASY ON THE SAND
Life-Savers Rescued Her Crew in
the Face of a Raging
Storm.
ASTORIA. Or.. Nov. SO.— The lightship
which went ashore near McKenzie Head
Wednesday night is lying on the sand
and is resting easy. She Is inside the reef
and this breaks the force of the sea. The
Fort Canby life-saving crew, with the
help of a few soldiers from the fort,
rescued the crew. The night was dark
and a fierce storm was raging, but the
life crew, after much difficulty, reached
the shipwrecked men.
The llrst projectile fired went straight
over the ship, but the line parted. The
second shot was successful and the light
ship men secured the line and made it
fust. The first man sent ashore was An
ton Enlxrg. whose ribs had be»-n broken
by the wheel. An effort will be made to
rescue the lightship as soon as the storm
abates.
Robbed in a Saloon.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 30. -Charles Mar
tin, who has been employed on the Amer
ican JUv^raUroad^ridsetieaT^tnis^Uy
and received his month's wag yester
day. was knocked down this evening in
the rear room of a saloon on Lower X
street and relieved of $45. Six men have
been arrested on suspicion of having done
the Job. as they were In the room
SWIFT BALL
ATTRACTS A
BIG CROWD
All-Californias Best the Sac
ra m:ntos in a Well-
Fought Game.
All-*".- It Ri
I it up
this )
Although the Al!-Califorr.ias outscored
the - .■ r.tans. the game came pretty
near belonging to the latter. Harvey as
pitcher won a placeamong the "phenoms"
Hi" delivery was of a sensational order
and at times was so effe.-tive that even
Umpire Sheridan pot slightly mixed on
his decisions, although by no means to
the dissatisfaction of the audience. That
baseball has lost none of its old time
prestige wu evidenced by the fact that a
larger than the average Sunday crowd
was on hand. Despite the football and a
half dozen other counter attractions, the
box office showed greater returns than
are usual on every other day of the sea
son.
The Sacramento nine turned tip most of
the players wh-> have brought fame fo
that aggregation during this and previous
seasons; the All-Calif omlas turned up
some of the cleverest players of th* Na
tional League. Among them were Chance
and M^rtes of Chicago. "Glass Arm" Van
Haltren of N- *. York. Lockh»-ad of Cleve
land. Rfltz of Pittsburg and Hughes of
Brooklyn. The game was nothing If not
fast, and besides it was almost errorless
O'Connor at first base for Sacramento
was guilty of two. but in all Justice to
him It should be »aid that he would have
been better off in bed than on the dia
mond, as he haj been a seriously sick
man for two weeks past.
The prettiest play of the Sacramentans
was put up In the second Inning at thMr
time to bat. A series of intact Do vie
and Shanahan land..l "Them on
first and second, and a third
by Sheehan put Doyle out on
the third package, but landed th*» other
two on first and second. They were
crowding the base? hard. when Harvey
sent the ball glimmering down to center
and retired the side to a clever catch
by Van Haltren. It was Van Haltren in
fact who captured most of the fielding
and batting honors for the All-Callfor
niaj». although his work was equaled by
that of McLaughlin. who held down the
left pasture for Sacramento. Good bat
ting gave McLaughlin several opportuni
ties during the game far stopping flies
of a sensational aspect, and he did not
overlook any of them.
The pitching was one of the distinctive
f«-atur*s of game, and the nppiausc
It won was all for the Sacramento end of
It. Harvey of that team struck out six
and had two strikes called on six more
but Johnson of the All-Callfornlas nut
down three to his credit. Sacramento
let three to base on balls, and so did V!l-
California.
The scon was as follows:
CAPTAIN MURPHY
PRAISES HIS MEN.
TOT f::ltty captain of the Stanford eleven was In poor condition after
the severe and painful Jolting he received to discuss the big mat -h.
move he made was with apparent effort, but a few weeks of
rest will straighten the Injured si<?e and leave no serious results.
"I have little to say for my-elf." said Captain Murphy. "Perhaps
I should ne\rr have insisted upon going In. but I do want to praise the
Stanford men. Every man fought as hard zs he knew how and played as
well. We were beaten by a great team, and in the gritty defense every Stan
ford supporter should be proud of those m»--r.. lam mighty sure I am. I cant
My too much for th-m. and next year, with most of them back In college,
things will be brighter."
ALL-CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. Ml. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. c. 1.... 1 I 1 U 1 1 0
Mertea. 1 b 3 1 1 1 Vi 1 C
Chance, c 4 I 0 0 2 0 1
Hughes. 3 b 4 0 0 0 6 2 U
I^ookbead. a. 5...... 3000031
liettz. I b 2 10 0 2 10
McCarthy. I. t 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Knell, -. f... 2 110 3 0 0
Johnson, (> 1 0 0 0 1 i I
Total* M 5 3 1 27 14 2
SACRAMENTO.,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A F
McLaugh'.ln. 1. f i 0 2 1 I 0 0
Harvey, p . . i i 1 I I a 0
O'Connor, lb&r. '.. 4 0 0 i : 0 2
KuKan. «. s 3 0 10 2 11
Sullivan, c 3 10 0 C 1 I
Doyle, r. J. 4 1 b.... 2 >> 114 0 0
£hanahun, c. ( 4 0 1 i) 0 0 0
ibeehan. 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 1 — I
itultz. I b 3 • • 0 2 2 0
Totals 32 2 6 2 24 13 i
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 i) 10 0 0 0 0 0— 2
Baa* hits 2 110 0 0 10 l-< 5
All-California I 10 0 0 110 •— 5
Base hits 0 10 0 0 110 •— 3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Johnson 2. Harvey i.
Two-base hit.-*— Van Haitren. Doyle. Sacrifice
hit*— McCarthy. Knell. Johnson. • Stultz. Base
on errors — - ■:-•■. 4. Sacramento L Ba?e
oa balls— Sai-ramento 3. AIl-Ca!:rornla 3. Left
on bas*«— Sacramento 8. All-California 2.
Struck out— By Johnson 3. by Harvey i. Hit by
pitcher— Htißh«s. McLauKhlln. Sullivan. Pass-d
balls— Sullivan 2. Wild pitch— Harvey 1. Um
pire — Sheridan. Soorer— J. W. Stasleton.
MINERS WILL RETAIN
WALKING DELEGATES
Boston Says He Will Go Into the Coal
Fields in Spite of Judge
Williams.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 30.—Discuss
ing the action of Federal Judj;e Williams
at Fort Scott. Kans., in imprisoning John
P. Reese for alleged contempt, James
Boston, who also is a member of the
national executive board of the L'nlted
Mine Workers of America, made the as
sertion to-night that he would go at one*
into the Southeastern Kansas coal fields,
that he would do precisely as Mr. Reese
had done and that if Judge Williams
should Imprison him for contempt his :
place would be taken by another member I
of the national executive board, who, too.
would do as Reese had done.
He added that a member of the board
would be kept constantly In the coal fields
urging the non-union men there to quit
work, dt-splte the Federal court's injunc
tion and that if all the members of the
board should become imprisoned other
members would lv* elected to take their
places and till the Federal prisons.
FOR PROTECTION OF SEALS.
Congressman-Elect Crowley Prepar
ing to Make a Fight.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30.—Congress
man-elect Cr.owley of Illinois, who is well
known in San Francisco as an expert on
the salmon and seal fishery Industry in
Alaska, arrived In Washington to-night.
Mr. Crowley will make a special fight,
during the coming session, on behalf of
those various Industries. He served as
special representative of the Treasury
Department in that Territory from 1533 to
Is9f. and his knowledge warrants his tak
ing a strong position. It Is thought and
hoped by representatives of these various
industries now !n Washington that Gen
eral Henderson will make him a member
of the Merchant Marine and Fisheries and
Territories Committees.
Launch's Long Voyage.
PBKBAC ' -A ii N' ••■•. M - The naph
tha launch Set-ba of New ',* feet
long, having on board Captain E \V
Demminp and his two daughter*, arrived
here this pvpnlnu. after an eventful Jour
ney of 8007 mile- The Stfba left New
| • • went up the Mississippi
river and tributaries to the (Ireat I
thence through the Erie canal to the Hud
••l Mown to N«w Y.-rk. The party
Failed down the Atlantic coast and around
Florida peninsula into the Gulf of
N! i . and up to this city She will sail
rrow noon for New
Fir* in St. Paul.
ST. P.. 1!.. Nov. 30.— At 10 o'clock to
night !lr* ara-s tlU^iavoj-cJ _©n^th«^«e«<mt}
floor of the large wholesale grocery of
(irlggs. Cooper & Co., adjoining the Union
Depot on East Third street, one of the
largest concerns in the West. The flames
spread rapidly, and $150,600 damage was
done before the fire was under control.
The firm carried a stock worth at least
JSCO.COO. which was well insured.
PLANS OF SILVER
REPUBLICANS
Seek to Unite With the
Ant i- Imperialists.
•■> The CalL
CHICAGO. Nov. £).— The Silver Repub
licans tn conference here Tuesday and
Wednesday, planned. It Is announced, to
ally themselves with and to cake uj«e of
; the "anti-in;periall*m" agitation, espe
cially in Eastern States, where the ullver
issue does not attract. Co-operation with
Edward Atkt^on'a following will be
sought. The purple of the Silver Repub
lican* la to _■ In. if possible, with this
new N--i:*> a foothold In Eastern States, so
that their party can truly claim to be a
national organization and thus become a
more effective whip for holdir.sr th* Demo
crats to the Bryan and U to 1 line. This
is on«» reason why the Silver Republicans
will endeavor to hold .i big national con
vention of 2i») delegates or more next
year. Confirmation of this plan came to
day from Fred Dubols, former Senator
from Idaho, chairman of the Sliver Re
publican executive committee.
"Th- -• Is no place for the Republican
anti-imperfallsts of New England and the
coast to go except to our party," said Mr.
Dubota. "The assured composition of the
United States Senate for several years
convinces them that silver legislation can
not be passed for many years. On antl
impTiall.-m and kindred questions they
are one with us. I am satisfied they will
come to us. I expect to see Former Gov
ernor Boutwell of Massachusetts. Edward
Atkinson and m*n like them, meeting am
delegate* in our convention.
"We have planned for a big con
vention of 20f«> or more. Our conven
tion, if held at the same place and time
as the Democratic convention, will be
a powerful stimulus against any conces-
I sion by that party to the forces of un
righteousness. We have not much to
gain on this score, however. We are
pretty well satlsned that th* Democrats
will reaffirm the platform of l«C«i and re
nominate Mr Bryan. That will be
enough If. however, they should seek to
evade or subordinate the silver issue,
w^ll not be their allies. In such case we
will do what many silver Republicans
wanted to do in X**— establish a separate
organization and nominate a separate
ticket."
Died in a Dentist's Chair.
ITY .<r K< • ■ M:-s Flor
■ - • ■- • •
• of chloroform. A
returned a v*-rdict
/w^s^y.oTn ing #
|j If you knew all about "Year- M
M good" clothing — but you don't, /^^ *
y and we haven't room to tell « jSb -&i
n you — you would always wear %^^w S
B Winter overcoats — all /Jn/Tt***^ 1^
B cloths — Sl2. 50 to $2^.00. y^\ tl
« Every one guaranteed. g / i
5— a year's repairing free u^^^^^T^^ I S
1 Examine / pi ! [r^l i
I Our $10.00 / Jglj m I
I Overcoats. isj 4 1 ?
§ They are of interest, if you MB OH| is
3 You will admire the material. liliivlW &
H the making and the tone, which li !V\\ • 1 %
sis rarely found in $10 over- 11 "I 111 '^
8 Coverts, Cheviots, Kerseys '\\ II %
3 and Meltons— all dressy, pleas- jfcM - vju ,# '*
■ ing, serviceable cloths. tsSS^" ur^i
M The price is affordable, the overcoats are |
9 moneys worth — why hesitate ?^ 5
sj Reefer Top Coats fop Boys. tj:
8 Materials Frieze and Astrakhan: ages $to 8 3
H years; former prices 54, $5 and $6; now each fg
3 one is reduced to g
ma -«I>-3»C>^s»
|9 Out of town orders filled— -srite us /or our nno iHuitrjteJ \
gl . catalogue Nj. 2. . r '
I (ggS.N.WOODgCOM I
|1 \gn£/ 718 MARKET ST Xii^X H ■
34
GOOD GAMES PLAYED ON MANY GRIDIRONS.
INDIAN BOYS
ANNIHILATE
COLUMBIA
)c:cat the Same Team That
Laid Low the Colors
Yale.
-
15, Columbia 0.
:
: ■
-
7!u Indians were In prime physic i!
condition and tcre through the Columbia
Una and skirted the ends at will. At
l«a?t eight times the Carlisle backs gjt
arojnd the e:;J for rune of frum thirty
10 tIXXJ >tard«. Must of these runs were
made by Seneca and Miller. Weeks
Flopped most of them by beautliul
i ankles, but en two occasions he was
«. razeed over the line by main strength.
<>n almoct every kick the Carlisle barks
ra:: ihe bail b:.ck about twenty yards
aad twice the catcher put back s'.\:y
j ar<3?. Metoxtn ilungtvl through the
line frequently for ten yard gains Co
limbi.i hi-ld'thi' Indians for downs but
ii;re«» cr four uiues during the entire
■
■
for a i
■ .■
• " .& t r
■
■
■
Injured at Football.
■ ■ i
Dependable Drugs
Every medi-
cine for every
use.
The Owl Drug Company's
stock covers nearly every
medicine and drug that is made or
told.
If we cannot fill your order
you may He sure no one can, for
we are the largest drug company
we«t of New York.
Send for our new price list —
it's free.
Allcock's Porous Plasters 15c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 85c
Angier's Emulsion 40 . 85c
Avrr's H.iir Vi^or 75c
Avrrs Cherry Pectoral 20c
Aver's Sarsaparilla 75c
Anita Cream 40c
Carter's Pills 15c
CuticuraSoap 15c
Casearets loc. 20c, 40c
Castoria -25c
E*k iy's Food 20c
H'«»d s Sirviparilla 75c
Kilmer'*; Swamp Root 4OC
Lablache Taoe Powder
Mrllin's F<«J— large s^c
Malttnes 8 5 c
Munyoa's Remedies 20c, 40c, 85c
Nelson's Foot Comfort 20c
Pinkham's Compound .75c
Pained O!m- Compound -:
Packer* 1 ;ir So.ip 2OC
Pears' Soap 1 5C
Swift's Specific . .7^
Syrjpof Figs . 35 c
Scott's Emulsion 75c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Warner's Saf> Cure ■ Jj.oo
Our new catalogue contains
over 2200 patent medicines.
I rw flellvrrv 10 rjllroad points within
100 re!!e< on orJert of $j or op.
jM<Bf\ 1128 MARKET ST.
{l «>«» S*-~) SAM 1 •<NC<ICO
10th md BROADWAY. Oakland
WISCONSIN
OUTPLAYS
MICHIGAN
Ten of the Points Scored by
the Badgers Due to Pat
O'Dca.
: atrh to Tfce Call.
Wisconsin, 17— Michigan, 5.
CHICAGO. Nov. SO.-Before what was
probably the largest crowd that ever
gathered to witness a football game In
the Middle West the eleven from the
University of Wisconsin defeated the
University of Michigan eleven on the
National League baseball grounds to-day
by a score of 17 to 5. The mighty right
leg of Pat ODea, Wisconsin's fullback,
\vuis v big factor In the one-sided score,
as he was responsible for tea of the points
■cored by tho Badgers. Once he lifted
the ball to the goal posts from the 35
yard line, and once his punt went so far
that McLean misjudged II and. fumbling.
gave Hyman a chance to fall on the pig
skin behind Michigan's goal posts, which
! he did.
Tho second touchdown by Wisconsin
was made on clean, hard football In the
second half, the light but active linemen
from Wisconsin opening holes In the
Michigan forwards, through which Pcele,
Larson. Curtis and Blair plunged for big
gains. The defensive work of the Wis
consin eleven was remarkable, and time
and again Sweely and Keena were forced
to punt.
The exchanges, while ODea was In the
gum*.*, always resulted in big losses for
Michigan. ODea, however, was ruled
out for slugging on the play that resulted
in a touchdown by Ilyman, [Driver,
who took his place, was much inferior to
Michigan's kickers, though he did splen
did work In plunging through the line.
Wisconsin was expected to show inferi
ority In her offensive game, but the way
the Hudger backs tore through was a, sur
prise to even their most enthusiastic
rooters.
During most of the game Michigan was
on the defensive, and poor Judgment on
the part of Wisconsin In the Ilrst half Id
attempting a fake kick when the ball
was in a splendid position for a kick from
the Held probably cost the Badgers five
points. In the second half also the ball
was worked down the field twico to with
in fifteen yards of Michigan's goal line,
hut In both instances the Wisconsin's for
wards were guilty of holding in the line
and the ball went over.
Wisconsin's weak point was at left end.
Some of Michigan's best gains were made
around Cochems. and Michigan's only
touchdown was made by McLean in the
second half after a run of forty-live yards,
in which the Michigan man cleared his
Held without dlfilculty. Snow, who played
against Cochems. bothered his man great
ly and frequently put him out of play.
It was b battle royal between these two
men throughout the game. Man for man.
however, the Wisconsin line outclassed
that of Michigan, even big Cunninghum,
who last year was picked for the all-
Western center, being completely out
played by Chamberlain, whom Cunning
hum outweighed by at least twvnty-live
pounds, *'urtis. at right tackle, was easily
the superior of McDonald and fr« quently
pot through in time to spoil the play.
Even l^-rum, at left guard, held his own
with the veteran France. Wisconsin' was
weak in catching punts, both Driver and
Trail fumbling the bull several times,
though it happened never with serious
results. In this respect they were more
iortunate than Michigan. Michigan's best
playing was done in the first half. Secur
ing th«- ball on their own lj-yard line. the.
ball was carried steadily down tho field
by a series of line plunges, in which the
Pennsylvania guards' back-play was much
used, varied by an occasional try at th*
(Oast I
McGOVERN
WINS IN TWO
HOT ROUNDS
Champion Bantam Weight of
the World Quickly Dis
poses of Spraguc.
Special PlT*'"* to Th* call.
HARTFORD. Conn.. Nov. 30.— Terry
Mci'iovorn. champion bantam-weight of
the world, made fhort work of Eddie
Rprague of Streator. 111.. this afternoon
at the Nutmeg Athletic Club, disabling
him In U-fs than one minute in th. second
round. He practically disposed of his
man In tho firm round, when; after a
fierce exchange of blows. McGown
landed a heavy blow on Sprague s solar
i.lexus tliat laid him on the lloor. Sprague
went <lown three nri ■ in tho llrst roui.d.
vllnplnK once, and remaining down an
other time until nine seconds were called
off For the remainder of tho rouiid he
managed to keen away from McGovjrn.
rspraffue landed two hard blows on Me
'<;.'. one of thi-m on the Jaw. which
M i H l f':1 second found Mi Govern sailed In
with right and left swings on Sprague,
the latter finally going down an«l re
maining on the floor until counted out.
He had to bo assist. d to hi» corner.
BROKE BLUEROCKS FOR
FAT HOLIDAY POULTRY
Lincoln Gun Club Shoots for Many
Turkey Prizes in Ala
liuda.
The members of the Lincoln Gun Club
and their friends spent the holiday break
ing day plseons at Alameda Point and
every one enjoyed a better time than they
could havo had In any other manner.
Ther« were J»ft ennuch to Rive each a.ll
th«» phootlnK he wanted and not enough
to crowd the planks. The fun tw.Kan about
10 lark and tho traps were sprung with
out stopping until the eight events were
*-nd«'d According to announcement near
ly all of th«» eve,. were open to all
oonieni and the turkey priz.es offered In
duced several outside shotgun lovers to
enter into the competitions. The first
event was a ten bluerock class contest
and the following breaks were made:
V Im. Motte 6 Williamson 8. Ch'-stnut 8. Krr
rl^'n in. Murrt.-^k «. Mlrh«.-l*on 7 A .. M<.tt<
- HaD > T Foutlwr 7. Swales 2. Malloroy 3.
Vrmrm i. Nauman S. TromNme 7. Foster S,
MltrhHl 7. Ireland »
As mm Kerrison won the first prize
turkey, and in the shoot-oft* of the tie for
the second between Hall and Foster the
latter won. Kvent No. 2 was a freeze
«>ui. free-for-all match, also for the Amer
ican bird. There were nixtoen entries and
S'aumaa and I" Feudncr tied on first and
divided the prize. Th« third event was ■
"I'allfornia freeze-out." 10 cents a shot,
in which Mlohaelson and Nauman tied
on tive break* and divided the spoils.
Th« re w;is no little interest In the fourth
number <<n the programme, which was a
three-man team match, each man of the
winning team bring presented with a fin*
turkey. The lirst and second teams tied
on thirty-six broken hluerocks and in
the shoot-off on live clays the first won.
as h«*r* won:
KrrriKon 11. \>rnnn 10, Xauman 14=36. Hall
U. Tn>mU)n« 13. Williamson 12 >, Mitchell 15.
K. IVudner 12. Ireland •=» Swales II Mlchael
i-.ti 7. V. Iji Motte 11=3. Malleroy 5. Foster 11,
1 •>-•■'• 13=». •
'I'll.- next on the card was a freeze-out,
expert rules, for a turkey, which was won
by Foster. There were eleven entries and
Foster came out high with live breaks.
Event No. 6 was a ten bluerock class
match In which Chestnut, Nauman and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1. IS'.H).
ends until Wisconsin's 40-yard line was ,
reached. But here Wisconsin braced so '
effectively that the ball -went over. Mich
igan's line men showed a tendency to play
off-side and wore frequently penalized for
this offense, at least sixty yards being lost
during the game.
One feature of the playing of both teams
was the effective way in -which the full
backs were guarded on kicks. Not once
was a kick blocked by either side, and
though ODea was. as usual, slow In get
ting the ball away, he was Invariably pro
tected until his foot had «*wung against
it. Once ODea lifted the hajl for erighty-"
five yards, one of the longest kicks ever
seen here.
Probably 21.000 people paw the struggle.
Excursion trains were run from Jflllwau
kee. Madison and Marinette. Wit., and
Ann Arbor. Mich., and lons before the '
game was called the immense stretches of
bleachers and the grandstand at the south ,
end of the field were packed so that hard- ,
ly an inch of room was- left. The hraxs
bands of both universities were present,
and before the game as well as between
the halves marched around th.' gridiron,
trying to make themselves 'heard through
the disorder of tin horns and hoarse
voices After the game was aver the
crowds broke on the Reid . and some of
the battered -hut -triumphant Wisconsin
players were lifted on the shonlc.crs of
their yelling adherents and oar nee* to the
clubhouse. The teams lined up as follows:
■Wisconsin. Position. Michigan.
flyman Right End Snow
Curtis Rlßht Tackle. ..SteUde (Capt.)
HodKers Right Guard France
A. 11. Chamberlain.. Center ... Cunningham
Lenim . I>ft Guard ffmuni
Blair. Left Tackle .McDonald
Oochems Left End GUI
Tratt Quarterback Street
Lnra-n Itlßht I?(ilf - Sweet
Peele Left Ha.V -.. McLean
<"i'l»a (Capt.) Fullback . nichardson
Touchdowns— Hlnman. Larton. M.l.am.
Goals from touchdowns— Tratt 2.
Goal from field— O'Dea.
Hoferw— «"orby. Yale.
Umpire— l-aurle miss. Tale.
Minor Eastern Gam«>s.
At Cincinnati- I'nlversitv «>f Cincinnati
n, Ohio VTesleyan University ft
At Plttaburg Duquesoe C. and A. C. 18.
Washington and Jefferson 0.
At Ilochelle. 111. -Chicago Homeopathic
Dental College 5. ■helle Athletic Club 0.
At Lafayette— lndiana University is.
Purdue 5.
At umalia— Grinncll College 12. Univer
sity of Nebraska 0.
At Sioux City, lowa— South Dakota Uni
versity 11. lowa State Normal 0.
At Milwaukee Milwaukee Medical Col
lege IT. Lawrence University 12.
At Dos Moines— l »rake university J7.
Pennsylvania College (OsKalnosa, Iowa) 5.
At Columbus Ohio State University 5,
Kenyon College 0.
At Danville. Ky.— Center College 32,
Central University IS.
At New Orleans— University of Missis
sippi in. Tulane 0.
At Montgomery, Ala.— Scwaneo 11, Au
burn 10.
At Atlanta— University of North Caro
lina 5. University of Georgia 0.
At University of Texas 30, Uni
versity of Louisiana 0.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 30.— Kansas
University's eleven administered a hu
miliating drubbing to the eleven of Mis
souri at Exposition Park to-day, winning
by a score of 'M to 0. The score at trie
end of the first half was: Kansas 23, Mis
souri 0.
From the start the Kansans played with
vim. They moved like clockwork, worked
around Missouri's ends almost at Will
iin.i gained ground wherever they desired.
Just befro»» the first half closed Smith.
Kansas' ripht guard, tried a place kick
from the CO-ltne yard and sent the ball
squarely between the goal posts.
Missouri's score was made five minutes
before the game ended. Thurman scoring
a touchdown and kicking goal.
Both teams expected a hard tussle and
even the supporters of Kansas were sur
prised at their easy victory. The Mis
sourlans ?ont In the biggest contingents
from the surrounding towns for years.
One bet was made of $1000 to $700 on Kan
sas. The weather was damp and cold
and a regular Kansas gale was bio-wing.
The experience of ape Is responsible for
more mistakes than the Inexperience of
youth.
Latest Records Made in the Field of Sport.
Foster tied on ten breaks. In the shoot
ofr Chestnut fell by •he wayside and
Nauman and Foster divided Jirst honors
ami prlz<> and V La Motte walked away
with the second prize. The breaks stood
as follows:
Trombone 3. V. I.a Motte 9. F. F<*u<ln<>r 8. V>r
nnn 7. Kerrtson I, A. La M **• 4. Chestnut 1",
Mitchell 7 Xauman 10. Williamson 7. Hall 4.
kllchaelaon f>. Foster 10, Ireland 3, Swales 2.
Plummer 2. King 7.
Hall won the first prize turkey in the.
seventh event, which was a handicap
match, and A. La Motte and Foster di
vided the second prize. The breaks made
stood:
V La Motte 13. Trombone 15. Mitchell 12,
Chestnut 12. Malleroy 4. Nauman 13. Hall 15. A.
La Motte 14. Williamson 12. Vernon 12, Kleve-
Kahl 13. Poster 14. Plummer S.
The last event was a consolation match
for those who had failed to win a dinner.
It was a freeze-out and quite a number
entered, F Schulz was the fortunate man,
closing out the others with five breaks
RUNS IN RECORD TIME.
Arthur F. Duffey Does Splendid
Work at Athletic Tournament.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.-The Knicker
bocker Athletic Club held a sporting
tournament In Madison So,unro Garden
this afternoon and to-night, track, weight
and jumping events taking place in the
afternoon, while the evening was devoted
exclusively to football of every stylo
known to the devotes of the game
Chief among the features of the athletic
BIOHTBI f n DICAP.
First Hound.
_ — __ — _ — — _ i
- D i Final Rd.
- . . __._ ,„, , _
f —
— _________________
T. 05. It- ! r:>-
8. U. Bourdman I
1^
h T. <; i: i. |« ;
" s UP I to play I T (J. Hnbortu
■
R. O. Brown
Haron yon Sihroeder
P'-mtt'h [B. O. Brown [ 4 up 2 to play
10 6 up 4 to play
J. J. Crooks '. !
Huron A. yon Pchropd<»r I
T
IS (T\*rr>n A. yon Behroeder O. Heaxeltnn
R .1 !•..
» f«». H— tltOU 7upß to play
'" 2 up
programme were the ten-mile run for the
A. A. I*, championship, which called out
the best of long-distance performers, and
the sixty-yard handicap race, which offer
ed Arthur i" DufTcy of Georgetown Uni
versity .is a starter the post of honor— on
scratch. This sprinter, sprint champion
of the United States, has been winning all
hurts of honors in the Baal and his tlrst
Chance of giving New Yorkers a glimpse
of hi- capabilities was had. He covered
sixty yards in the final heat of the dash
and tied the ultimate winner. In six and
two-fifths seconds, the world's record for
the distance. According to experts the
track was fully two yards slow. The vic
tor was W. S. Kdwards, a young Now
Yorker, who hi not attached to any club
and who was In receipt of an allowance
of thirteen feet from Duffey. They ran a
dead ■..'.it In the final and half an hour
later they ran off tho tie. the New Yorker
breaking the tape by a few inches, in
record time
George W. Orton of Toronto, former
steeplechase champion of England and
America, won the trn-mile championship
in .'7 minutes 21?2 1 ? seconds, virtually lead-
WOIUBM'i EK'.HTKKN Hoi k HANDICAP.
Flr»t Round. H, jjU ... !~ lt , in ,~ I Seml-Final R.l~
- r i _ __
Mlrs Mulllns 7 r ~~~
Mr.. l: C. Urown... Scratch Mr.. R. O. Brown 'Mrs. Brown
Mlm C. O'Connor C Mrs. Fir-Mori
Mr.. Br^deri .__. ' 14 2up !top| y" ' Mr«. Bremen
* I
}Jri J. J. Crook. ! 13 BO- M. O'Connor ILupon 1» bol«i
Mlf. M. O Connor I 12 | 3r 2to play ,
•It»« a bye.
In ? from stnrt to finish.
From three miles on "Dirk" Grant, for
merly of Harvard, fought all the way to
the fast lap. where the Canadian's won
derful staying powers prevailed. In the
last lap Orton sprinted away and won out
in flying stylo by seventy-five yards.
McCu*>-Kane Fiffht a Draw.
NEW YORK. N'ov Marty lfeCu«
and Joe K*ne foußht another twenty-nve
round draw at the Hercules Athletic
Club, Brooklyn, to-night. . -^
CORNELL IS
SHUT OUT
BY QUAKERS
Ithacans Unable to Stop the
Fierce Rushes of the
Pennsylvanians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pennsylvania 29,' Cornell 0.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 30.— The Penn
sylvania football eleven defeated Cornell
; on Franklin field to-day, the score being
; 29 to 0.
Cornell was lamentably weak, and.es
! peclally-so In the line. Only twice during
' the entire game did the Ithacans stop the
! Quakers' tierce -rushes, and then only
j when the Pennsylvania"* had almost
; made the necessary five yards. When
Cornel] had possession of the ball she
showed up Just as weak in advancing it
as she did in trying to prevent Pennsyl
vania from scoring. Cornell did not earn
a first down, her few attempts at end
skirting being promptly ripped by the
I Quaker ends. Her attack on Pennsyl
j vania's line was also very weak, seldom •
gaining a foot.
On the other hand, the red and blue
team played a Bupe«b game. The plays
were got off rapidly and smoothly, and !
Pennsylvania was seldom downed without j
a gain. The men worked as a unit, and 1
on th defense the team was a veritable
! stonewall. The Quakers gave a good ex
hibition of line bucking and plunging, the
best that has been seen here this season.
Wherever they attacked the Cornell line
they made big holes in it and broke
through for live, ten and fifteen yards
at a time. With the exception of th.- >
end of the second half, Pennsylvania
never tried to send a runner around Cor
nell's ends. The Quakers' terrific rushes 1
told on the Cornell men, and the game )
was considerably delayed by players be- ,
ing Injured. Three of Cornell's men were
forced to leave the game, while Penn
sylvania was Intact throughout the con- !
test.
Captain Hare. McCracken Coombs and i
Teas were frequently used by Pennsyl- !
vania in her rushes, and all acquitted \
themselves well. Alexander was Impreg- 1
nable in Cornell's line, but his colleague^
were not equal to the task set by Penn
sylvania. In the kicking line Pennsyl
vania had a little the better of It, but both
teams suffered equally I rom fumbles, of
which there .were not many. Fully 10,000
persons saw the contest. The day was a
beautiful one from a spectator's view j
point, but a trifle warm for the players.
Pennsylvania made two touchdowns In
the first half, ahe first score was made
six minutes after the kickoff. Potter
breaking through Cornell's line and run
ning thirty-five yards for the touchdown.
- The second touchdown was made by ;
j straight line lunging from Pennsyl
vania's thirty-five yard line. Hare missed
the. goal.
The Quakers scored eighteen points In
I the second half on three touchdowns and
three goals. Two of them were made by
pegging away at Cornell's line and the ;
third was made principally through Pot
ter's running back sixty yards on Star
buck's klckoff. The line-up:
Pennsylvania. Position. Cornell.
Coombs Left end Duvali '
Snever Left tackle .Folger-G. Young
Hare (captain)... Left tu.-ir.i Warner
Overfleld <>nt<*r Plerson
Teas Right guard .CalJwell-Domer
"Wallace Rleht tackle Alexander
] '•tnlunl Kltlit Mil Taui«iK
Kennedy Quarterback G. H. Young
Potter Lett baKback
Walbrldne-Wlndsor
Gardiner Right halfback .... Morrison
McCracken Fullback Starbuck (captain) i
Touchdowns — Hare. 2: McCraekcn. 2: Potter. 1.
Goals from touchdowns— Out .in i, 2; Hare 1;
Potter. 1.
Goals frnm touchdown — missed— Hare, L ,
Time ot lialvrp— so minutes.
SAN RAFAEL
GOLFERS AT
MATCH PLAY
Men's and Women's Handi
caps Reach the Semi-
Final Rounds.
Df!"P'.te th" countor-attraction of the
Inter-ctnlversity football game, eight g»-n
tlemen ami half a dozen ladies spent yes
"ii the links of tho San Rafael
Golf C'luh. playing the first, second and
seat-final rounds In the general tourna
ment. Play begu soon after D o'clock In
tho morning and went on till about 4:fci
in the afternoon. Ths day was beautiful,
tho atmosphere being' exquisitely clear
and balmy; tho course, however, was
SOON what beavy from the recent rains.
The in- n etii- :i;txi in an elfjhteen-hole
■catch play competition, in which R. Oil
man Brown and Lieutenant T. G. R"i»
• its wrre iho ■crgatOh pla\er«. tho rost re
ceiving handli ips. The result! are shown
in the table:
As shown by the above- table, T.lou
tc-nant T. <;. Roberts, R. G. Brown.
Baron A. yon Bchroeder and G. Mease!
ton wore the winners In the first, round.
Of these winners. G. Hcazelton played
the most notable game. Though be was 5
down on th» tirst nine holes he not on?y
wiped off the (score against him but
finished the second nine bole* 2 up. In
the second round Lieutenant T. G. Rob
erta played against K. G. Brown. For
the first eight holes t!io seers wn- all
even, but Lieutenant Roberta gained the
ninth by an excellent long put. making
him 1 up. On the second nliif holes Lieu
tenant Roberts Increased his lead, flnlrb-
Ing 4 up .i.i 1 to play. The final round
will be played to-morrow afternoon be
tween Lieutenant Roberts scratch and <;
11. aaetton handicap 9.
In the ladle*' nlne.-hole competition
match play Mrs. R. G. Urown was at
scratch and the rest received handicap*
The results of the first, second and semi
final rounds are shown below:
A* shown above, th* winners In the
first round, were Mr*, R. <; Brown tin
Breeden and M!m M. O'Connor. In tin*
s<<ond round Mr-. It. G. Urnwn dr.w tho
bye and Mrs. Brcederi tied with Mi M
O Connor. Three more holes wern played
to oeefAe the tie. and again the came
was remarkably clone. Mr Breeden win
ning the last hole by a single- stroke.
Mrs. H. Oilman Brown at scratch and
Mrs Breeder handicap 14; will play the
final round to-morrow. In addition to the
;inal rounds in the men's and women's
MULTNOMAH
AND OLYMPIC
PLAY A TIE
On a Soppy Field Both
Teams Put Up a Stubborn
Contest.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Multnomah. o—Olympic,0 — Olympic, 0.
PORTLAND. Nov. 20. -In ■ blinding
wind and rain storm, on a Mold six Inches
deep with mud, the Olympic Club foot
ball team of San- Francisoo played a tie
game with the Multnomah Athletic Club
of this -city, this afternoon. When time
was called the Multnomahs had the ball.
At no time was there any danger of
cither side scoring, as the teams were
evenly matched and long end runs were
impossible, owing to the sloppy condition ;
of the field. Both teams put their backs
In play incessantly and punting was fre
quent. No attempts were made at goal
kicking, as neither team was close
enough to try it.
For the Multnomaha McMillan made
the most yardage and played the best
all-round game; but he was ably sec
onded by McDonnell and Meyer.
Montague, the right end for the
local team, made several goo-l
tackles and formed his interference
well. For the Olympics their quarter
back. McNevln, played a snappy game
and generally found a hole in the line to
crawl through. Platt, the 19 pound
quarterback of the Olympics, played a
hne game, but sensational plays were
out ot the question with a slippery ball.
The line-up was as follows:
Olympics. Positions. Multnornah.
Handy Center ..."• Watnon
Monroe Kmht guard Ollv-r
Wells Left Kiiarii McKi.inun
f-heeny Kight tackle I'rutt
ICrßktne Leit ta.-kfe .....Hush
Hamilton Kißht end MonUiKUe
Varney Left end IJarrett
fenamore Bight half McMillan
McNevln Left half . ...Meyer
Atkinson Fullback McDonnell
j»j atl Quarterback Kerrigan
'in. Olvmplcs won the toss-up ana chose
the sout"li goal, giving the Multnomahs
the kick-oft. McMillan sent the bull i"
the Caiifornians' twenty-yard line. Dins
more took the ball for an end play, but
the Multnomah men were there and he
was downed with a loss of live yards.
The Olympics trk-d the line with no gain.
Fullback Atkinson then punted for thirty
live yards. Kerrigan caught the ball and
returned it twenty yards with his own In
terference. McMillan bucked the Caii
fornians" line for nine yards. Mutnomah
kept tliia up right down the Held, but lost
the ball on the Olympics' thirty-yard line
on downs. Atkinson went through left
guard and tackle for two yards. McNevin
was then given the ball and made live
yards In the same place. Atkinson made
a good plunge through the line for fifteen
yards and was cleverly downed by Mon
tague. The. Olympics tried th. it halves
again, but failed to gain their yardage
and Multnomah was given the ball. On
the next play Multnomah failed to make
its yardage and it was Olympics' ball. The
San Francisco team kept using Its backs,
but after gaining about ten yards lost the
ball on downs. »i i the last play Olym
pic's end was off side and Multnomah was
given ten yard.*. When the Olympics
again got the ball McNevln made five
yards on a clever end run and Platt
kicked the ball to the Multnomah 15
yard line.
The second half was scarcely as inter
esting as the first. The visitors kicked off
and the ball caught on the 33-yard
line by McDonnell. McMillan carried
it half way across the i •- 1 • 1 on his
own Interference. McDonnell kicked sixty
live yards and the Olympics made live
yards. McNevln made live yards through
the right guard, aided by a beautiful in
matcfa piny handicaps thoro win )••
In <iri\ Ing and appro ichlng.
CRESCENT JOCKEY CLUB OPENS
An Idcnl Day and a Fast Track Re-
sult in Splendid Sport.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 20.— What prom
'• ises to be the most successful meeting
;In the history of the Crescent Jockey
I Club opened this afternoon. The weather
was spring like, the track fast and the
attendance very large. Fifteen books cut
in and all handled good business, only
three favorites winning. The principal
event on the card was the Inaugural hand
icap at six furlongs and worth 11060 to
I the winner. Mizpah was favorite and
cleverly ridden by Mason, who waited till
' the last sixteenth to make his effort, won
handily. Trladltza, tho feather-weight
of the lot, got off In front and opened
iup a pap In the first few strides and
bowed the way into the stretch, but had
not enough left to stall off Mlzpah's rush
,at the end. Results:
One mile— Jolly Roger won, Walkcnahaw sec
ond, Volantles third. Time, 1:44%.
Five furlonps-«-*'leorla ron, <;■ I.] Or second,
Lomond third. Time, 1:03.
Mile :iji'l an flKhth— Colonel Cluke won, Vlr
rl< O second, llanllus third. Time. l:blhi.
Inaugural handicap, six furlongs— Mizpah
won, Trtadttza second, Imp. Mint Sauce third.
Time. ii.,
Mil.- end reventy yards— McCleary won. Don
na Itlta. second, Astor third. Time. 1:49.
WABHINOTON. Nov. JO.— Eight thousanl
people, the larstsit crowd that ever gathered at
a local race meeting, were at DDlngi to-dny,
the l.i • of the autumn meeting of. the Wash
ington Jockey Club. Pleasant, Fpriiifr-llke
w«-ath*r prevailed, and th" fix events on the
programme, Including a steeplechase and the
race for tbe Washington cup. furnished an aft
ernoon's sport.
In the cup race, Warr^nton. Hmu Ideal and
Mrifk linixhrd noses apart,, and the public had
to be content to wait until' the Jiklkc-s had ren
dered tlielr decision before kn wit . the order
In which the horses rnn. In thin race the truck
record for two an<l » (juarter mill • was broken
by thrae-llftha .of a neoond, but every h<>rsw»
came in tmgerlm. showing that the rnce wa*
too long for him. Plato, an outsider. WOti The
st(>e|ilechu»e. it,. favorite. Pho«bu«. fell at the
club house bank, and Tentor* at the Kecond turn
of the Held Bevel asnumpihtho lead aft^rlVntorp
i"ii. rut Plata > .im- strong In the Ktretcli und
won handily by four lensths. Mnry of the
knowinc ones wore suspi- -«•.«■— of the falling of
Phoebus nml Tentore. and Dayton, the Jockey
of the latter horse, wai suspended. Results!
Belling, three year-old* and upward, mile and
a slstponth— Queen of Son* won. f-"trnnK<'st »ec
mi.l. Alvnrudo II third. Time, |;B1 3-i.
won, CarmMlJ j s«cund
JIIII 1'.r../< Hiir.l TIIII- 1 1
Handicap »( vi thr»«< ntllee—
Plato « . ■ htnan third
Time. •
w.i«hi!i>,-ton r-up raro. thwe-year-oMi anil up-
vi 11 poanda im.i<-r the ■, |
irter mlln
Beau Ideal  third. Time
•
won, Bu 1 i;i-- third.
Mi!" and fifty jrart
• n '•■■"ivl, Tlip C.ir.ln.'r thlr.l. Tun-;
Pool-Player De Oro Ahend.
NEW V'iuk. .\..\ H Alfred de Oro.
th* rh;iiii|.l..n 1 1 |>lu\.r. won th
nlfrht'fl play to-nlcbl in his match for the
championship tltlo agnlnst Pred Payton
of ( tonaha, ;tt Maurice ' • rtemv
■r. being SOG againsi 182
CaJlnhnn Knocked Out.
BUFFAIX). Nov. >. Jtn. P>rna . t Kan.
mi <'ity knocked out Bammy <'ii!;»iiiiii «.f
HufTal.. in the first minute ..f i|.
rt.cud at Mm Hawthorne < - hii> tu-niKht
•'Cuban Wonder" Knocked Out.
BRADFORD. Pa.. Nov. 30.— Spike Sulli
van of bo wait, Haw., knocked 001 Cmii
Sanchez, the "Cuban. wonder." before the
German Athletic Club to-night In the
nixth round.
Boxer Jack O'Brien Coming 1 .
Jack O'Brien, a crack Eastern boxer, is
on his way to this tity to meet Al Ncill.
They will box twenty rounds in Wood
ward's Pavilion before the National < tub
on January. 5. This will be. the most severe
test to which Nelll has been subjected.
terference. In which all worked together.
With eight minutes to play the Olymj'lcj*
the game, but it proven
avail, for Multnomah's men
couple ol >n:all pains around the end. f n
lallfornla boys were forced to p m'
and Multnomafa had the ball wh*n time
was called.
Football in Coast Cities.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. SO.— The football
game this afternoon beiweon thi Santa
Cruz and £an Jose High School teams wai
won by Santa mby a score of 6to &.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. SO.-Santi
Barbara defeated the Throop Institute
football eleven to-rtay by a sc<»re of 27 to
1), thus making the Santa Barbara team
champions of Southern California.
RENO. Nev.. Nov. SO.— The University
of Nevada eleven defeated the California
Normal tschool eleven at football iure to
day by a score of 6 to 0.
SELMA. Nov. 20.— The Selma football
team defeated the On>sl players to-day by
a store of 10 to C. The game was wit
nessed by a large crowd. Sclma retains
the championship of the San Joayuln
Valley.
WOODLAND. Nov. oo.— The Bohemian
football team of Woodland defeated tho
Chfco Normals by a »oore of 26 to 0. The
game wits not so onesided as the score
indicates. Only one error was made, and
that was by tne Bohemians, who played
the best fame ever seen here.
AUBLRN, Nov. 30.— The football season
was opened here to-day with two matches.
The first was between the Auburn High
School team and the Auburn Boere. Inter
collegiate, rules governed. The former
team was oaptalr.id by Professor Mackey
and the latter by Will Grimes. The high
srhool team won by superior team work.
The score stood 5 U> 0. The best individ
ual playing was done, by Fleckner, Dick
son and Addey for the high school eleven
arid Davis, Grimes and Seavey l&r the
Boers.
The F^cond match was between the
Citrus colony • am «nd the Edgewoods.
It was played under association rules. The
tejims w» re evenly matched, the fcore
siamlinK l'» to o In favor of the colony.
Some brilliant plays were made by the
Mecnnn boys. Two ihiiusranrl people wit
nessed ;he sanies :tn<l listened to the pa
triotic music furnished by the Ophir band.
REDDING, Nov. ;*>.— The game of foot
ball under association rules in Recreation
Park in Redding to-flay between the Vam
pires of Alameda and the Mountain Cop
per Company of Kes-wk-k resulted in a
victory for the local team by a score of
6 to 0. The visiting team was banqueted
after the game.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 30.-' 'he football
game at Fiesta Park between) the Bel
rnont and tho Los Angeles liicrh School
teams was won by the northern players
by a score of 1C to 11. The result was a
surprise? to most of those who attended
the game, at it was thought that tho
Belmont boys would find little difficulty
:-i running up a decisive score. The local
team went into the contest with a deter
mination to win and played a plucky and
uphill tame with a vim and dash that
challenged the admiration of the crowd.
The victors played a clean, snappy
game and wen applauded, although tho
sympathy of the crowd was with the to
cal team.
POPP DEFEATS SIELOFF.
DETROIT, Mich . Nov. 30— Jim Popp
of Toronto, "champion lightweight of
■ - •
a fa«- Sieloff.
Pan nnr.'
previoi ■ •< a kiim-knut In fourteen
- • '"ft at Buffalo. They
•.1 in al.. | pounds.
Ny Vfi-i i' ■ ■ atl !'<*t In
n ten •
it.
Canadian Champion Loses.
NKU rORK, Nov. 30.
•;omp
xho "liirhtwoijtht rhampion of
Canada." at the Greenw i Athletic Club,
Br< Oklj n, • ■•• knr.rk'-d Th- •
(.tit in the third round of what was to
been a tw.-ntj -round bout at 133
t.'ilitld^.
LUXOR WINS
A STAKE AT
UNION PARK
Adds to the Long List of Vic
tories ot Curtis & Son's
Dogs.
Curtis & Sons of San Jos© won the Hol
iday stake at Union Coursing Park yes
terday, thus adding another victory to the
lons list scored by their dogs. For a
time it seemed they must win with Cava
lier, but In the third round he was de
feated by James Dean's Gallant. They
Brat ran a no go, the hare taking them a
long Journey. In the second trial Gallant
won by a score of 23 to 4, Cavalier stop
ping badly toward the end. Cavalier was
a favorite in the betting, the odds drop
ping, however, from 7 to 1 to 3 to 1 bo
fore they were slipped the second time.
Gallant was drawn because of the severe
work to which he was subjected.
There were a number of ml mil a
courses. In one of these Craig Boy beat
Miss Rabbit by the reinurkabie score of
'I to 0. Pat Keiliy and jr in Friend ran
Ihtee minutes, the former winning,
it to :». Cavalier beat Thornhlll, 14 to b;
I'ncle Fuller beat Green Valley Maid,
11 to 2; Sara «t odds of L to 4 beat Log
H«»y, ft to ". The attendance was large
and the ' "■■" ■.-•itii; of high class throughout
the- day. The detailed results follow:
Pasha Kennel*' Hnllirklng Airs ' -at Rartels I
Hroa.' Cart's liell**; Cunnell liroa.' Eenorlta
l.rat T. Sullivan's Haiti ..r the Hill: J. J. Ed
monds' Morning Glory beat Daly & Klcbeln's
Sljylock Boy: Sr» rl Ac Knowles' O'Jlnra beat
«lus AbPr<Tor.ih!»-'s Irma; Hall A Newell'*
Huukli Jtirtfr beat Handy & Smith's Victor
Quern: J. Hurley's O X Capitol beat J.
<i' i x.v i Clifton Im*»: J. K*-enan's ISlacklnck
beat J. P. «nriltr..U'!» rhoi nhlll ■ '( met; I.
McCaba'l Crals lf<"»y beat 'Jus Abrcromble's
Mi««i Rabbit . «'urt!ii &. Hon's Cavalier N-at T.
Lcsan's Mit-s Urlzxie; T. J. Cronln's Thorn
hill brat K. & it. Scott's \aitA Ilyron: T. J.
«.'ron!n's Rose of Tralee beat E. 11. Mulcastor'a
lau>h <>' GoWfie; J. l»<an'» tiAllant beat Harvly
• Smith Ida: Curtis ik. Sons Vanity Kalr
boat Krwln &. Lyons' May Queen; fauna Ken
nel.s* Kr-rt AsMirnl tx-nt Cuitls •. Kon's Me
Klnley; Mnher & lt^M's Unela Fuller beat w.
J. Browning's Mr>untam Bell*; I! E. il* n.
I-oj^-s's <;rf<«n Vall»-y MalJ h»«t M.ili-r It
Kri.l'x Singleton: Kiii>a*>ll, Allen & WllMon'a
\M<\y Emma h«>:it M.irtHs Hro*.' RoMpr's Host;
Kay At Traiit's Hawker Ix-nt J. h'fKß^rson'ii
Caiiflclarta; R. E. «!<• IV \.ni<c7:n S^.tra brat |
• hurl. Bonmi'a WIM Nora; «'onn»>l| liros.'
|y>K Hoy h'-M It. K. cle 11. lyirirz's '-Vaiitia.; ;
Cif»Tßf Walt a I.itJle b^at Hall &
Newt-irs Btaollte; Uatmr & m-i.ru I'at itriny
boat ra!>hn K«»nni*lh' Finn Krlrnd; Curtla &
Snn'B Cakh bent Krwln »t l^yonx' Hllver Lyon;
• 'urtl« X Hun's I^ixr.r beat i . CWIIaVi OolJen
i:ussf-t.
S<-rond rounii — Rnlllcklnß Airs beat Senorlta:
O'Hara beat MornliiK (ilory: O X Capitol beat
Utugh Rider] irate Hoy lx>at ItlackliM-k; Ca»
iili.r 1... .t ' hornhlli . Oallant bvat Hose of
Tralee; Itest Atmurftl bent Vnnlty Pair; In la
Fuller b»at Green Valley Maid: J-ady Emma
i.. it Hawker: Hara beat I-»K BOTJ Cash beat '
Walt a kittle: 1 Luxor b~a> t*ai rtcilly.
Third r'uii.i Rnlheklna Atra bent O'Hara:
O X t'npltol »>f-at CralK Ilcy; Gallant beat
• 'avaller; l'nrle FuUer beat Itert Aisured; I^tdy
Emma beat Cash: Lirxnr beat Sara.
Fourth round— Itrtllirklnjc Aim b»at O X Cap
itol; Knrle Fuller a bye. Gallant drawn; ,
l^uxr.r l-eat La rty Emma.
Final— Luxrr boat Kolllcklnc Airs. Uncle
Fuller being withdrawn.
AT !^C•.LESIDE
There was si larßc'attcndancfl nt Inclc
■lda • ..ursiiiK V^r^ yeater<luy to witness
tlie rundown in the champion stnke. ~lA\y
of tho \\>st li'iir. .1 first prfz.-. with
Wild Tralco as runner un, Th« favorite*
won most of the courses, though tho runs
wore wt-11 contested throughout tho day.
Following are the day'u results:
Champion stake— ■ M.» Keltoav't lowa Boy
beat l»we ,v Thomrnon ■ Little Kullerton*
nu*sell. Allen * Wilson's Daisy Claire beat
Connell Bros.' Mamlo I'leasant; • _ n -t s»
BROWN LOSES
TO UNIVERSITY
OF CHICAGO
Richardson Plays a Magnifi
cent Game for the Rhode
Islanders.
\ Special Dinpatch to TIM CalL
Chicago 17, Brown 6.
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— Tho University cf
Chicago finished her triumphant series
tO-day by defeating Brown by a scoro ot
17 to 6. Only twice In the game did Brown
menace the maroon goal, and each tlmo
Chicago bruced with tino spirit and sa-. -.<:
her goal from the rushes ot the Ur. : .
Inlanders. From renter to cr:ii tho ma
roons outpointed Brown and gave an ex
hibition of consistent defense which the
has seldom surpassed. At no tim» wa;i
Brown =ihle to score throuca the line,
while Chicago found largo holes at will
and sent her fast backs aroujid the vlq
] itors' ends for apectacular cslr.s. Back
of the lino Richardson proved a Jewel for
Brown and made the onJy score of tho
•visitors. In the return of punts, both
kicking and running, he showed fclmaelf
to be one of t:. cleverest Docks in tho
country- Hapgood also playM a brilliant
game for Brown and almost scored ila-
Kle-handad before Chicago rallied with
her back to the goal posts. With detcat
staring her In the fare Brown made a
grand rally In the second half and seemM
to gain .strength as the half progrcsifd.
When darkrw«s Intervened she had scored
nnd was charging Into Chicago's line with
fierce rushes that Khowed h»r spirit w.n
not broke.!. Without Captain Kennedy.
Chicago's defense was still faultless arrt
her offense lacks little of fts accustomed
force.
The day was Ideal nnd l^/MO per.plt
crowded the big stands and sang to the
music of the band. With tho consent of
Brown tho fame was called an nccon-it
of darkne39 before time was up. Th»
line-up was as follows:
Chicago. ronttlon. Brown.
nvldon Left end Bartl#tt
FHI Lrft tackla !•.:►:
nar.agan Left ruard Whlte.-nori
Sr^ed Ontrr fTr»ibn»
AhlrwecJe Rluht guard M^lendy
Wrlb Rlnht tackle Sheoharv
Cmnfla Rlitht end Slocun*
M»>nr>'-llf>]ste ....Quarterback Pratt
Kiln nlßp-Mcnry.. Left halfback Wa<ihburn
Harr.Ul-riace .^.Rlpht halfback ... Hlcharr!jioa
Slalicr ("ullback I:.r.- ,
SAN JOSE BICYCLE MEET
PAN JOSE. Nov. 20.— bicycle race
meet at Cycles Park to-day was one of
the best over held on the track. It was
another day of victory for the Garden
City Wheelmen and play for the Downing
brothers, Hard and Lace. Results:
Three-cornered race, one mile— First
heat a dead heat between Hardy Downing
and Howard Freeman. The latter with
drew From the race on account of tonsl
litis, giving: the heat to Downing. Time.
Z*oßa
«eccnd heat, between Downing and
Orlando Stevens, waa won by the former
One mile, novice— Won by Eugene
Coffin, B. J. IJallo second, Ed ;
thir.i Tin:-
Floyd McFarland mado an attempt to
lower bis mile record of the 19th lnst.. but
failed Ly two-fifths of a second. Time,
1:22 2-5. Ho was paced by the mot tan
dem.
One mile, amateur— Lace Downing won
Rusa second. Fuller third. Time, 2:07.
Motor tandem race between Stevens
an 1 Juth and McFarland and Downing.
Won by latter team In 1:30, whl<*h a tho
world's competition motor tandem rec
ord.
Five-mile handicap, amateur— Won by
La - Downing, Fuller second. Rus3 third
Time, 11:50.
000000000000
i &ast I
Thompson'! J'siamy beat J«jne« rvan"g Con
nemara: W. C. Gla»aon'» Terrona beat J
Ryrne»' Eleren Spot; '"aptain K&ne's Green
hall beat D. Shannon's S&feruaM: n x
I>ecke!man't Lawrence beat J. McEnroe's Ad
miral Sampson: Roaacll. Allen * Wilson's
Matter Clalia beat 11. Lj-nch's Lexlns-ton; If
Icons' Duty beat Kay Bros.' Diana: It. B d»
V. Lopez's St. Anthony beat 11. Lynch' s Mrs
tla Maid: William Hatpin's Maid of IJaiJ beat
■ D. Fallon's Adm»b La*». It. E. de U
Lopez's Wadena beat 11. A LXck-Mman-a BnaD
shot; T. J. Cronln'a Wild Trale« beat A. Joh-j
son's Tod Bloan; H. A D«eJcelm&n's Rocker
beat Frank X. Koley's Sweetheart: E. M Kal.
l->n'" Sweet Emma beat J. Maher*s B*aicia
Boy: ■artels Bros.* Mac's Melody beat Joe
Thrift's Ferret. T. J. McHurh's Maid of th"
Mill beat D. Dillon's Modesty: J. McEnroes
Mairlo Circle beat M. Mlchalek'p OUaroy J
Byrnes' Olympus beat A. Johnson's lowiaal
er; T. J. Cronln's Depend On M* beat Murshr
A Toland's Twlllcht Jr.; E. D. railon a Ulr
of th» West beat James D«an's Gladiator.
First ties — Daisy Claire beat lowa Boy: T«t
ror.a beat Jessamy; iAwrence beat Grteahall*
Master Claire beat Duty; St. Anthony beat
Maid of Ball: Wild Tralee beat Wadena: Sweet
Emma beat Rocker; Mac's Melody beat Ma! 4
rf the Mill; Magic Circle beat Olympus: Lily
of th" West beat Depend On Me.
Second Daisy Claire beat Terrene: Mas
ter Claire beat Lawrence; Wild Trait* beat
Ft. Anthony: Mac's Melody beat Sweet Emma:
Lily of the Went heat Mai,-!? Circle.
Third ties— Tralee beat Daisy Claire;
Continued on Pace Nine.
$5,00.
Boys' single and double breasted
suits— ages 9to 15 years. First-
class fabrics, the latest styles and
colorings— the kin of suits that In
retail stores are good value at
$7.50.
To-day and Saturday, till 10 p. m.
Brown Bros. & Co.
WhclvMl. Wi-j'i:'r<i of Clotrtinf.
Rttnling "From Mill :■> Mtn <tir«:t,"
121-123 SansomeStreet
Advance in the Price of Timber Land
Notice la hereby £'*en that on and after
the flr*t day of January. WOO. tha prl.e
of all timber land owned for Male by
the Central I'm. it! ftnllwny Compnny and ,
the Culifnrnln and Or; *on Knllro.nl O>m- '*"*>
pony will be adrunced from twenty to
fifty percent over present field grading*
und quotations.
"II timber contract* maturing after
.Jnnui.ry Int. IS>OO. will he extended only
Jit theadvutK.il rate. WAI. It .MU.I.N,
Land Agent Central Pacific Hallway Co.GREAT BRITAIN NOW AWAITS A
MOST APPALLING DEATH LIST
Prominent Officers Killed at the
Prolonged Battle at Modeler
River, and General Methuen
Himself Was Among Those
Wounded.
So Serious Is the Sit nin S th Afri i
That Lord Wolseley Has D led to Ceil 1
Out Another Division oi Ten Thousand
Men.
NOOH Nov. 30 -The Uar Office has received from the gen
eral commanding at Cape Town this:
'Received from Modder River November 30: Killed— Staff
Colonel H. P. Northcott. Second Coldstreams: Lleutenant-Colonc-I
R. H. Stopford. Captain S. Earle.
I . Major X Lindsay. Captain Farrell. Lieu
tenant Dunlap. Lieutenant Furse: Third Grenadiers. Major Court
t Hon. E. H. Lydon! Coldstreamr. Lieutenant
count Ac c Medical Corps. Captain G. A. Moore.
"The casualties amon£ the officers of the Ninth Brigade anJ
_ t ision will follow "
General Methuen. It developed later, was slightly wounded by
a Luilct which inflicted 6 flesh wound in the thl^h.
ant Lon£ of the Second Yorkshires Is another officer
kill.
The following officers were also wounded: Captain yon Ha&er.
eers« Lieutenant Travers. Third Grenadiers; Lieutenants
Elsvves and Hill. Scots Guards: Lieutenant Flint. Lan w ashires:
Majors Earle anJ Ottley and Lieutenant Fox. Second Yorkshires:
;enants Baker-Carr and Nellson. Argyle Highlanders.
L. - -
■
i
■
tis feared, ma -
■
I i
■
■
■
i
The Leader of the Fifth Division of General Buller's
Army and His Br gade Commanders.
bridged. To repair the railway
will be difficult with the resources
at Lord Methuerfs command.
The passing- cf troops across pon
toon bridges will necessarily be a
matter of time.
Military experts say that more
men are clearly needed in all di
rections, (ieneral Methuen's
column is still very weak. In
Xatal (ieneral Clery's relief force
is not considered any too large.
-while < ienerals — I-Yench an 4 Ua
tacre have only small detach
ments with which to operate in
most difficulty country. A ffth
division i- urgently needed ar.il a
sixtli may have to follow.
Lord Wolseley announced last!
night that the War ( Mtice had
come to a decision to call out an
other division of ten thousand
men of all arms for South Africa.
1 his is the seventh division
mobilized since the beginning of
the war.
Ladysmith was all right on
Saturday last and the British re
lief force is now concentrated at
Ff«h - ----- in fulLre^
treat toward L*olenso. A great
Boer stand wiil undoubtedly be
made at Tiigela River and a bat
tle may be expected at any mo
ment. The British force, which
is available, is about IS.OOO men.
I he Boers might put 20.000 men
in line.
Mafeking was safe on Friday
last.
ANOTHER DIVISION
TO BE CALLED OUT
■
■
■ .
■
i
CASUALTIES DURING THE
SIEGE AT LADYSMITH
■
■
mad*
■
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1899.
SHOT DOWN IN Inh MODbEk RIVER BATTLE.
met a 1
*
-
■
TWELFTH LANCERS MAKE
AN ATTACK AT WEtNAN
■
lacked
■ ■
i ttnsi the l?riu>h camp under rhfl belief
that it wa* a. H. »t l>:voiiac.
-
■
■
• i
-
pht attack i
- •
■
ACTIVITY OF BOERS IN
VICINITY OF KIMBERLEY
■
■ ■
■
-
-
-
■
TRANSVAAL WAR NEWS OF NEW YORK
HERALD AND CALL STOLEN BY UN
RELIABLE JOURNALS AND GALLED
THEIR OWN.
NEW YORK. N
londo: ■ ■ . ,
- ■ the ]
Etal ph. 8
Bar h Wll
' - ,'i nun.n un .
■ ■
■
■ -
' - ALFRED HARMBWORTH
_
■ • . .
South Af i
ph.
; oura
• l the
■1 All
■
mmc
■
d .tftvr the rtfth *h-Il
now flrtnj; on the I
.r* fr. im \V*l mi. .
REPORT OF DOINGS
ABOUT MAFEKING
I.ONDON. Nov. 30.— Colonel Baden-
Powell. under date of M I Ml -■ Novem
ber 30. has sent the following to the War
Office through General Fcrestier-Wnlkcr
at Cape Town:
•'All well here. Cronje has pone with a
commando and with about twenty
wagons to R ten Transvaal, leaving
most of the puns here with the M.trlco
and Lichtenburg contingents, with orJers
to shell us Into submission. Bombard
ment and sniping with very small re
sults.
"The inemy'- sentries drew us out
Saturday by iraklng a show of going
away and laving a big gun apparently It.
a state of boinj dismantled. Our scouts
found the enemy hidden in force, so we
sat tight.
"The enemy's 91-pounder became »m
aK^ii and has been replaced by another,
more efficient. I am dally pushing out
our advance work, with good result. The
health of the garrison is good. No casual
ties to report."
DR. PARKHURST TALKS
FOR FIGHTING BOERS
NEW YORK. Nov. a In his Thanks
giving day sermon Rev. Dr. Charles M
I':irk!.i:r-t of the Madison Square Pres
bytorian Church said:
"If the Americans of to-day felt as the
Americans of 'Tt; felt, the great hody of
Amerlcanshlp would rise in grand pro
test against the snuffing out of republi
can independence in South Africa. The
Boers are old fashioned, yet they took It
from their Dutch ancestors, who ' were old
fashioned and obstinate, and who. be
cause of their sanctified mullshness. were
able to stand like a wall of adamant
against the deviltry of Spanish Catholi
cism and helped to save Europe to the
power of the Protestant faith.
"The Boers are old fashioned, but th«»y
are as pood Christians as the hireling sol
diery that are killing them. If It 1* civ
lliz.-it: • w >■ ■
why
don't
■ : Turkej
CHOATF.'S SIGNIFICANT
WORDS AT A BANQUET
LONDON. Nov. 30.— The annual Thaliks-
Rirlng banquet of the American Society in
London was attended by 2^i guesid and
J was marked by enthusiastic demonstra
tions »«? friendship for England in the war
against the Boersi A strikir^ speech by
Embasiiudor Choate ;il«.nK that line anil
the presence of uniformed nurs«-s and doc
| tors of the American hospital ship were
the featun s.
Mr. Choate, in response to a toast to h'.s
own health, which was received with loud
■ cheering, :-.i\>\ there could not bo a better
prtludi to what !:«* had to say than a ~e
murk that had been made lit him. "..et
England and America clasp hands acroso
Ihe pea and the peace of the world Is ab
j folutt-ly secure."
He referred sympath^tlcaHv to the loss
es sustained by Uritish families through
the war and went on to say:
"Fortunately Knßli.-hmen have not far
to look f.-r living proofs of this humane
sympathy. Neutral an America must be.
\ her women .should not be neutral. To
neutralize them would be to spoil them.
These Anieriran worn* n in London, uhn
have tltte.l lip a hospital ship, have done a
d.-t-d that wiil live for all time as a bless
ing ti> our common humanity."
After declaring that the action of the
I'nited States In endeavoring to look after
Briti>h interests in the Transvaal wa<
merely an endeavor to reciprocity kind
ness exhibited during the war with S^aln
Mr. <"hoate said:
"Unfortunately, th*> local authorities at
Pretoria seemed to think that this would
not be quite the proper thing, yet I can
but hope that the prohibition 'will ultl
mately be removed, so that we may be
permitted tn act in this errand of hu
manity."
Dealing with the commercial prosperity
of the I'nlted States and the necessity for
an American merchant marine. Mr
Choate remarked:
"Carrying imde is the white man's bur
den, and we must do our full share The
supreme Interest of the I'nlted States |«
to preserve the peace of the world I
still believe that a majority of the Amer
ican people continue to uphold Wash
ington's maxim about no entangling alli
ances, but I have no* fear of any quarrel
between the three greatest commercial
nations. Kngland. Germany and tho
United States. Our one aim i- to in
crease our commerce with the gre.it
kindred nations, who for three sjenera
tl'-.ns have settled amicably every ques
tion, however great and trying, that has
ever arisen b.-tween them. How can vre
£r"rj, ,l, lV ° any , d l sput «' "Sain while the
V-reat stream uf German blood continues
VJV J i ,*» \ n our v " In ? an<l whlle New Tork
and Chicago stand among the greatest
«..-rman clti.s in the w.,rld. how can w.
rail to beliere that we will be able to
maintain absolute amity with this great
Tracing the progress of the Vnited
States in the Far Kast. Mr Choate ex
claimed: 'There Is now only one ■. -, fur
ther-the open door, and who shall «!am
that door In our face?"
JOSEF KRUGHER FAVORS
ENGLISH INSTITUTIONS
VANCOUVER. Nov. 30.-Jo?ef Kruger.
nephew of the famous President of the
Transvaal republic, la in Vancouver. He
is a well-known mining man In the Slocan
district and seems to be a very different
stamp of man from his brother, who was
in trouble in Ban Francisco a short Urn*'
ago. kruger says that war has been In
evitable for a long time.
"Our people have been very obstinate
about bringing in European reforms •• he
said to-day, '-and they are now suffering
for It. They have for years - n looking
for a chance to get at the British but
from the expert, I have , iatlira , l
pained during the last half a dozen veara
of travel and life In British and Ameri
can countries I think that It would be
a great improvement if English instltu
tlons were introduced In Bonth Africa ™
GREAT DAMAGE
IS DONE AT FRERE
PIBTERMARTTZBURO, Nov. •>.<; -The
two commandos under General Jouhert
which engaged the British troops at Mooi
River and passed east and west of Frerc
were again seen falling back on Colons"'
apparently making for Grobler* lin I
north of Tusela River. Great <l a r go'
has been lone by the Boers to the Mil
lion premises, residences and stores at
Irere. This morning the British "ut
posts exchanged a few shots with I?i ,;
outposts thrown out fro m Colenso. Later
the British artillery sent a dozen sn^Us
at a group of Boers, presumed to be a >••
connoitering party. Loud reports' we'o
heard from the direction of Ool««nso e-i-iv
this morning. It is feared that the bridce
over the Tugelu River hai been u«
stroyed.
Ladysmith Heavily Bombarded.
LONDON. Dec. 1.-The Times publishes
the following dispatch from Frere Vn , i
Monday. November IT: "ere. ->atai.
"Lady-smith was heavily bombarded to
day."
GUN PRESENTED
TO LOS ANGELES
Captured at Siege of
Santiago.
MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS
— ♦
HEROES OF THE LATE WAR AP
PROPRIATELY REMEMBERED.
In the Absence of Mayor Phelan, the
Oration Wat Delivered
by Edwin A. Me
serve.
■ ♦
Sp^ial Dlxpntch Co Th» Call.
LOS A NT, ELKS. Nov. 3.1. -Thanksgiving
day was celebrated her* to-day by a pa
rade of the Native Son*. Along the Hue
of inarch on Main and Spring strata
many of the business houses displayed
flags and the beat emblems of the Native
S.»ns of the Golden West.
The great feature of the parade was a
captured Spanish cannon placed In a
truck prettily bedecked with small flag*.
The cannon Is a l«.ng siege gun of
threatening appearance. Another attract-
Ive feature of the parade was the car
rfcrg" of arniy i'KUr-;> fi-Howing tli-net at
Shafter. The nifl^r:< were In full dres^
and their !)rilllant plumes, made a pretty
dot of color.
The exercises took place at the new
"saucer" bicycle trac-K on Main street.
Frank Sabicbl, grand trustee of the Na
tive Sons, in a few remark- assumed
charge of the exercises as president of
the day.
Major General W. R. Shafter presented
to -Mr. Sablchi, as the representative of
the Native Sons of the Holden West, the
cannon captured at Santiago. Mr. Sn
blcbl turned t li— gun over to the chief ex
ecuilve of th-* ilty. and Mayor Batoni >>n
behalf of the city of Lou Angeled,
thanked him. The gun presentation wax
follow**] by the singing of "America" by
a chorus of £"<•) school children, under the
direction of Miss <}ertrude H. Parsons.
Kdwiu A. Mes»rve then explained that
Mayor James l». Phelan of San Fran
cisco, who was to have made the or:»tio;i.
was unavoidably detained by the- sudden
Illness of his mother, anil that he uouM
take tils place.
Tli** speaker told the object* and a ; ms
■i the organization known as the Niti.e
Sons ot the Uolden West, calling atten
tion to the faci that Its cardinal tenet
was loyalty to the Hag and the deter
mination of .ill Its^members to give ti;*
ever y t htHH t hey; posaegaed -It- tve***! b+> —
ward the defenf-c of th«* ttag. Thou tbe
orator branched out Into the duty of
Americans at this time as such. re'g;u-l
lesa of partisanship, and that the ?>;nnl-»
of President McKlnleV ought to be up
held by all ju«t now in this Joyous sea
son of thanksgiving.
The medals and certificates were be
stowed to those entitled to th»iiT In
squads. As each man came to the nlar
form he showed his discharge papers and
the trophy was pinned upon his breast by
one of the committee of ladles previously
selected for the purjx.»se.
FEDERAL JUDGE IS
BURNED IN EFFIGY
Demonstration by Strikers in a Kan-
sas Town Because One of Their
Number Is Jailed.
FOKT SCOTT. Kans.. Nov. a).-At a re
markable Indignation demonstration at
PHtsburg. Knns.. in the heart of the Kan*
sas coal fields, the striking miners to-day
burn' in etnuy Judge Williams of tin*
Federal Court of Arkansas, who sentenc
e>i John P. Reese, a •-.:>•■? of the 'na
tional executive board of the United Mine
Workers of America, to three months' Im
prisonment for contempt for violation of
■ strike order.
The strikers also marched through th»»
town shouting epithets of derision in. l
protests against the court. There were
banners beating violent Inscriptions and
many cartoons on canvas In the parade.
An Immense crayon portrait of Jud?;o
Williams was carried just ahead of a
rough box cotlin. bearing Ills name. The
coffln was carried by six strikers. The
procession stopped on one of the down
town streets and then burned the por
trait and the coffin, amid wild protests
against Federal courts.
The news of the Incident pave consid
erable satisfaction to Reese, who la in
jail here. .
HIGHWAYMAN SHOT BY
INTENDED VICTIM
South Omaha Banker Kills One of the
Men Who Attempted to
Rob Him.
OMAHA. Nov. Harry Trumbull of
the Packers' National Bank. South
Omaha, killed a highwayman to-night.
Trumbull was on his way home, and
When -it Twenty-fourth and J streets two
mi sprang upon him. One threw an arm
around Trumi'v neck and th' other
started to rifle his pockets. Trumbull
shot one of the robbers dead In his tracks
and the other fled. The dead man wa.-*
about -- years of age. Trumbull is de
tained at the station pending an investi
gation. Last night two men held up a
motor car and robbed the conductor of
125.
DUTCH JOIN BOER FORCES.
QUEENSTOWN. Nov. 2T.-Boers are re
ported to be advancing on Dordrecht, lad*
roe and Moltlno. The Dutch are Join-
Ing the Boer forces, owing to a mlsstate
ment circulated about British outrages
on the defenseless A Boer force MM
strong is marching south with the inten
tion of seizins Steynsburg. The British
forces are fully prepared. Twelve train
loads were sent north la.«t night to stop
the invaders.
Losses Among the Bo«rs.
ORANGE RIVER. Monday. Nov. 27.—
Boer prisoners here report that the num
ber of Bo» killed at Belmont la be
lieved to ne 110 and at Gras Pan 4<V>.
Among the prisoners are several with
enormous red crow »■ on their sleeves. it
1* reported that they fought with the
artillery.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
sr.,. I|f f EMrawnjy sac-
dc/rs a£ W ™ 6oldcnßuU> Bazaar. S editor
uncc. California s LA»ocsT..\.ni.Bic* 5. crandcst store. Display*
Santa Glaus daily from 9 to 12
a. m. and 2 to 9 p. m. A free box of
candy to every child accompanied by
parents or guardians.
Toy Display— covering a quarter
of the entire second floor — nothing west
of New York to compare with it. Bring
the children.it would be cruel to deprive
them of this dazzling exhibition.
y?^ Men's Fast Blue
$y Serge Suits, §10.
Jft3|jv {pi To-day (Friday) and Saturday
A\\>/\ 4l^ only we duplicate our great Jf<S"v.
111 1 W*Vt^s'fev su ' 1 °? er ' nXn X °f two weeks ago "vfe^* /\
\ ■ W f'y^'^ by flac;°2f Iac; °2 oa A> n '<» » l*r«e ncmber of io^ \
\> /-i W_ yGT^ fi ; e a'l-woo' absolutely fast cohr /
.HZ VwlV h^ * Ti Barst ss * rz * 8B »*»-*«Uk ("*\ * o
I / II [ill mm through >ut, perfect in fi: ar. \
1/ // \/// rnak»— at r#gul.r pri-e* the be»t of \/ *^}~
§M rtl the two «iay« * a Holiday $10-00 O
/ (A/ the two days orly $lO*OO
\ JJjQ* f'brct sutts an rr.jjs of jo cr. . . =sJ
Utb Ci - vorsttJ*. . I •
Vestee Suit, $1,85. C'-^M f V
To"da (Friday) and Saturday only we \^ \ f\
otfer 100 handsome Vestee Suits for boys 3 / \ \ ( '
to 7 years of age, consisting of nobby little \ v Va I ll
jacket mido with iar<re sailor collar — or is th- new jv «- \ \'\
Tux.*do «tv!e, witn phio or faced lap* - plain or velvet I X^- * >>. U,
collars; hindsome, trimmei vest, and knee pint* with ? f^J/^^^ t"
fcu:kleatk ce — materials ail-woi! of hindsov* pit- Sq
terra and crl.M th't l ll ••ii! hml wear — wel n»d«,
perfect fit! iiss. . and $2.05 ?uii s— a* a Holiday <pc -ia! fjr the two days... $1.95
_
FrtJjr lit. F/iJar onlr.
Children's -r@ Millinery Vv
Fur Sets. j»B Special. N<SS\
T*o lints of pretty rur /£&&s£ V«CsSisVij
Se s f r Chidr^ that/jT*yZM For on da» on! w« '^^^^M.
w.iuld mk» nice H liJiv j^^X. I °^ er - Tr: - r "* f " G ' -e f^^^^*\Vi
gifts-cur pri-e ike th «■ *(8& „' 65 hiti that were &^SO%<L
lor on* da? o:W : t\££ t '\ , •■ .- ,- &v~^~J)i£s\)
:- / >
Set<-M;if red Colar— // \ \ mi $10 each-ther are Z** Z\
md- "f white hair — M v^L^/-^ |haods:m»?j trinaeJ V?V "'
SiSJ^t^^Sf HJ »:tl» »= ! i «J«t. th, Cifrnrf'
Children <$3 tnl $3 ii /•JH^. • L • « '■ 7-*wfKl
FurS."s-fniiecf ?rar. - b-t of flower*, wn.*. ' /•rv^.
brown or sa!moo -obr'd ,«i'iii'«. etc., at the very
A"gora— sp^-ial PrHaj on'y $1.85 ipje-ial pric— *aca $5.00
\
Friday ani SjhtrJn
Grocery ami Liquor Specials
Some extra specials in the great Pure Food Department marked
- : - pncei w ,ich arc-gootl oaiy until^ek^iß^ttm* morrow cigiit.
Direct Grocery Telephone — South si).
Em orlum B*'t Familr Flour none G io«! T.ib'e Apricot* - ."<■" ti-<
Lefer— reju arly 9V Jink— r«v. J .i»' Friday and i«aturi«y »hils ta;pl»
an.l Situ-dty 79c lists— per tin y o
Babbitt* Bf«t" LmnJry Soap
U_rlv 6 :or 2-"r— to-day and Situ-.^r Part -r Sherry Wins— good qni!-
1j for sOc itv. full qatrt bottles — to-d»T an'
I'yraml Washing Powdor- >V.urJa< only— 3 for $1.00
t.jual to an) — <p^-ial for t^-> . ays— Ke' ojjf* AA * Bourbja Whlskoy -
6or pkjrs 12 for 25 J special to- Jar ani Siturday— per bit-
1 ib pk::* 5 for 25c [ tie ........75c
THANKSGIVING AT
THE WHITE HOUSE
Helen Gould Entertains
Poor Children.
Special Dljiranh to Th* <^ali.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3).-A very Son
era! observance of the holiday by persons
in all walk* of life marked Thanksgiving
day at the national capital. The Govern
ment otnc<-:*. postofflce and business
houses w«re closed. Fine weather pre
vailed ami crowds found amusement at
the racvs and outdoor .-ports. The poor
were not forgotten by those in more for
tunate < Ircnmstances. The day was more
closely observed at the Executive Man
sion than for some \>ats. The noose wa»
closed to Visitors, and business wan al
most suspended. The President, saw only
v few intimate friends. Mr. and Mr*.
Abner McKlnley came over from New
*oik to dine .it the White House, and a«'
i'umparlt'l the President and Mr- M 1M 1 -
Klnlcy to church. attending services *t
the Metropolitan M. K. Church. Rev.
Frank M. Bristol, the pastor, preached
th.- sermon, which was ii patriotic dis
course, In which he pointed out that the
hish position attained by this country
•ix.d \l.< success and prosperity have been
hi- Qt all lime* lO love of God, obedience
to his 1 1. mm. 1 1 and patriotism.
The President had several invited guest.*
to dinner at the White House this even
i ing. the center-piece being the Kh'Rle Isl
and turkey, which 1* sent to him each
year.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— A number of the
waifs of New York will lon* remember
Thanksgiving day of this year, because
ot ihe fact that they were Invited to eat
turkey at YYoodycJTstJ the home for poor
children near lrvinj;ton. N. V.. owned and
supported by Miss H.-len •iould. This
home Is on the summit of Woodycresl
mountain, übout ,i mil'- east of i.ynd
hurst, the summer home of Mlk.i Gould.
Twelve of the children were formerly in
mates of n hospital for crippled children
In the metropolis, Later in he day M:-
Gould, following her annual custom, gave
the poor people of the village of Irvington
a turkey dinner at Woodycrest. At the.*e
dinners Miss Gould personally supervised
arrangements for the feast.
Another dinner In which society people
were greatly Interested was the* festival
of the Children's Aid Society to-night,
when •»•» boys and girls who Inhabit the
society's lodging house were treated to
what must have seemed to them a verita
ble banquet.
Among those who are Interested In this
dinner are William Waldorf Astor of I»n-.
don. Bayard Cutting and Governor Rouse
velt.
Another dinner, which attracted nearlr
as much attention and w:is enually well
attended and well apprrclate<l, was the
newsboy.*' dinner on Duane street.
Three thousand persona were well fed
at the Catholic protectory. At the Five
Points Mission another thousand feasted
while at the Five Points House of Indus
try fully 10UO jtathered nround the board
Peth Low. president of the Columbia
I' diversity. paid the Inmates of the Mont
peller Home for Chronic Invalids a visit
and made .i short address in connection
with the celebration of the seventeenth
anniversary of the Institution.
Major General Wesley Merltt. L*. 8 V
reviewed the cadets of the Hebrew' Or
phan Asylum, and at the conclusion of
the military exercises complimented those
who too* part upon their military preci
sion and the perfection of the drill
Tepic Disabled.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 3>.-Durlntt
the rough weather In the Gulf of Georgia
the steamer Teplc broke her shaft The
juk ixiuls has towed the disabled steamer
nto port. The seven men who were out
In a scow and for whom some anxiety
was felt, have turned up safely
Unknown Man Killed.
REDDING, Nov. 30 -An unknown m«n
was ktllea at Kennet, late Saturday nijht.
I « y n!f I"? r V n f>v -*7 hy lh * northbound pas-
Nansen and Hit Pole
When l»r. Nan-en visited I.e~d«. soon
after his north pole exp^lltlon. * \erv
umw«inic Incident was witnessed. A large
crowd stood outside the station to wel
come him. two of ht« mo««t ardent admir
ers belne a couple of old men who kept
waving their Tfttcks antf shoTirtnjt t nem
selve-4 hoarse. When the <~!ebrateit es-
Morer hid passed In his carrlare. ther*
followed In hi-, wake a wag..n. dragged by
horses, bearing a U.vg lr..n pole which
rwli.nged to an electric tramway. Direct
ly the old men saw It the following con
versation took place:
"Well, in be btowed. Hill, he's browt
t pole bach wl him! said one.
"Aye." said the other, "anil we t'only
tw.. at's notice,! It. They're all running
after t carriage, -ith.-i. They're that Igno
runt—well, they can't tell t'norrh pole
when they see-* It." — I^ndon Answers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All diseases and weakness q
V ot men permanently cured. ♦»
g The price may be deposited In rf
0 any S. P. bank, to be paid only ft
0 when patients are well, or m
£> payments may be made 7
v. monthly. N4» mineral-* «.r i\
y othrr danseroaM reme«lle^ ever £»
§ u-ed. All medicines Aivt^r
1 Staff of- - :♦* U.f w(^
»^?^/Oiir home cure system p
mr^~-Z^*r has been a »uccess for (\
V^ 3 ' * niany >ears. If you Z
© cannot ill. write for private Z
$ book for men. dlagnosta sheet. S
© advice, terms, etc.. all free. 9
5? No charge for consultation. A
g OR. /*\i-: VEf*S A CO. #
g 731 Market Strttt. 9 T. v
S Elevator entratwe. Hour*—* f» j£
g 5 «lal!y: 7to 1 *venln*»; 3to II g
#11 I Jfc RUPTURE.
T■- X .- -j MORE IRON
g^B^Bt^^^^^ Hoop* or St««l Spr:a«B,
g~jtgmJ*r~~^ R-rtur# r*t*:r.ri wita •««.*
IT j/jR ;. «*«» CURED by DR. PIERCE"3
m S£l y Mum:, 1 E'.ntic Tnua. C7Calt at
No. 1. or writ* Ist N«w Pam;o^c
lUONHTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO«
CO Market >:.. opp. Palac* Hotel. Sao Fraoclsetx
i^j?S > DEWEY.STRO;<G aCO-^^V
£ -'PATENTS! f)
.MARKET bT. Sf.^SS^
lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PCrfLIC A 53 ATruEHKT-Af-UV
Tenth Floor. r.o.jm n't*. CUus SprrckeU Il!d«.
Telephone Drown 931.
ReniJenr?. K\ Catlforni* at.. .b«Iow Powell.
San Francisco
Weak Men and Women
Shi ' CSE DAMIANA niTTERi*. m
»T»at Meslcan remedy; Blven health *n>\
i aircn* in to »«r»u*l urgaaa. L";- t, iS M^rktu
56
S3rc ,: .'''iMZsdl
FRIDAY DECEMBER i. 189.;
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Adaress All Communications to V.'. S. LEAKE, Manager
ri IILICWTIOV OFFIt 8.. .Murk. and Third. S. F.
TrlrpbuDP .Main I s«l>.
EDITORIAL ROOMS _,- to 221 !>trvro<on St.
Telephone *l:iln 1574.
Delivered by Carrier*. 1.1 Out* Per 'Week.
Mnjil« I'oplcK. ."• Onto.
Trrnn hj "Mitil. laclvdlßß I'txtncpi
DAILY CALL dnrlndinK •*umln> ». one jenr. .pn.nn
DAILY I \I.I. (luclnilirm Sumln) ». t> month*. . a.«H)
!HIU (M.I. Uncluillng - a nil.i? >. :t month*. . 1 ..".<»
DAILY CALL— Oy Mnnle > h «T^|
>IM) % V CALL One * ear 1 .•*»«> j
WKKKLY CALL One Year l."Mi ■
All poatmaaCer* nro patnorlxcil to rc«-«-l\e
»-uii-i rl|Ml"
>ar»iitl«* eojile* nlll !>«• forrrfirded ii.-n rc«wt(e4
OAKLAND OFPICC !>os lirnadnny
C CEORCG Kltoi;\F>«.
Manager ForriKu \<t^ ••rM-inc. Mnrc t ■! '«■ Htillil
in_. Chlrajro.
M \\ rORK conm:<«roxDEXTi
C C. CARLTOX lenliMnN
MCW YORK RBPRB9EVTATIYEI
I*CDRY Illu -.v .111 23 Irltiiiiir Hnll.linu
Chicago m:\vs «T\\nsi
Slirruan llooaei P. «>. \o»i« Co.; i.rrnt North
• rri Ilttlrl; I ..in •■■: Hnimri \r<limrlum n.»t«-l.
m:\v york m-:av»> »«T\\nsi
\\ l..rt- V«iiirl:i H. ■••••; K. lirrntnno, SI Inlnn
I ii«r«- : >lurr:iy Hill Hotel.
\VAMII\UKI\ «IJ. C.» , tlcllliim 11.. 1. :
J. 1.. KMiLIMI. Correoi|>ond<>nt.
Hit \\( II OFFICES — T.2T Monicnmrrr street, cor
ner <"lay. ..I I *-" until !»:::<» u'rlork. IUM Mayen ,
street, open lilt: l»::to n'rlnrk. «i:i!l ' .■ \ I ||%t«-r
ktreet, <ip«-n until Ui'.U* «Vlork. BIS I rWIn
• treet. <i;im Mi til U-.Mt o'clock. 11>1I UI*«Ioa
■treet. open until |O o'clock. U*-!«I Miirl.cM
•" • • • corner Mxt«-etitli. open nntll :♦ o'cloclc.
J«»:»<i Artlciioiu Mr.rl, open all ( 1 1 5» o'clock.
!<•«; ; i.v.t.iii street, open until <» o'clock.
N\\". corner Tncnl;>«rrond . 1..1 -iiiu.-k 1
-t r<-. |>. . •.. -.1 until t* oVlork.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj betnn— Vaafiernie.
«' ■;•;?:.! n — •>"h»T.ari'ir<ah."
<:.:: rt.ia— "Th- Bpi rt:c«.l>ucSiC»«."
Tlroa— mw lioolah."
Orar.J Op- ra lioUx "Eran^tliaa.**
Alrizar— ••Sa'.cu and Slaaen." <
A!!-.-R;br«— "In Old Ue::turXy."
CSmtca, Zoo and Ti:e-t«.r— Vaudeville every afternoon «•.
ever, l r*.
Olyrorl*. comer Kmaaa «r.l Cilia «tr«-et»— [nrliltf
C«suml rark-Pt<vpl<Tha«» ar.d Ccney I>!and.
l'arxcrasia Ua:tle cf Mat.:i» Uay. Market street, near
Dctotfe.
<"'>klnnJ n.T~*-tr«rk— Ra ef.
AUCTION SALES.
Dy A W*. I.'y'orl.n-k-M-n'nv. D«"-*r:;r#r. 4, ct ! an 4 E
p. n . T-.rrk'K 1 . l:uir». a: i:; kuii«t f-'.rt-.s.
EXTRAORDINARY TELEGRAPHY.
i
■
■ ■
• • ...
■■
■ •
-
■
■
■
• t the rat rds an hour whei
■
■
are
■
-
The t>]
■ ■
. the
■ • •
. ■
■
■
■ • ugh a
■ ■•
1
i
■
■ ■ •
• ■' lines
•lie re
• culty.
■
■
be u«-ed in transmitting the mes<;aßc. Tlic inventors
believe they pan remedy that defect before long.
When once the j»aj>cr has been perforated the mes
sape can be sent as rapidly as the spool oh which the
tape is wound can be revolved, and a speed of 140,000
words an hour is regarded as being practicable for
general use over ordinary distances.
Such is the probability of telegraphy which now
confronts the world. Under the present system about
2000 words an hour is the best a rapid telcßrapher
can do. It will be seen that what is promised is
virtually a revolution and will enable one operator r«»
do the work of forty.
- I arc loud in
■
I
l\ ■■ ■ >; iat i
to advantage in tin.*
the ray pred
membei
n!d have
vth more in which
ie other* from temptation.
ThjE GOLD STANDARD.
THE financial measure agreed upon for early
action by Congress is bciieved to be lore com
prehensive than the plain gold standard declara
tion which was contemplated last summer. It permits
an enlargement of national bank currency up to par
of ihc bonds deposited to secure it, and it lo.vcrs the
minimum capital of such banks to $.25,000. As the
present minimum is $50,000, it will be seen that this
valuable provision will extend banking facilities to
localities row deprived of them, and will put the
loan fund of the country where more people will have
access to it. and can use their credit more readily and
cheaply than now. And greenbacks paid in for gold
are only to be paid out for gold.
It would seem that measures so desirable would
■
■
■ ■
Thick
ntii ihe n;r
to the
• • pose all cur
:hen advocated by the sound
ney men.
It was proposed by the latter that the greenback
endless chain, by which the treasury could be drained
of its gold re>erve, should be cut. This is done by
holding all greenbacks redeemed in gold subject to
reissue only for gold. As this may lock up paper cur
rency, such an emergency is provided for by permit
ting national banks to issue up to par of their bonds
and by increasing the number of such banks by lower
ing their minimum capital. And as the firm founda
tion of all reform the gold standard is embedded in
the statutes r.s the final basis of the public credit. The
Chronicle says: "The question may arise in the minds
even of the gold monometallic whether it is neces
sary at the present time to make any declaration
whatever; or, if not necessary, what gain is expected
from it. It i« certainly a radical departure from the
platform of 1596, in which the specific declaration was
made that the Republican party favored bimetallism,
and upon which it won its Presidential campaign.
There are few- who will believe that campaign could
have been won upon an unequivocal declaration in
favor of a gold standard, or who will not doubt the
wisdom, from a party standpoint, of now dragging
the country into an unnecessary monetary discus
sion. The magnificent success of the Republican pro
tection policy has made ail currency questions, for the
time being, dead i«sues."
....
■ •
■
■ . •
■
■
... not 1
■
■
■ •
:iryan the nly Sti nt he ha*!
■
■
I • ■ ....
■
stal
•
in the
' in the
ties. ThU ' ■ mean
' ' ' him an-1
'•nt to him. each in
: r I that myth
dona] bimetallism." Yet t'ir
• • "party leaders owe their
. ami
• there may he peril
m the c the pah and."
No • it on new gi
\n poi • - ground, as the fri< i
ney and the defender of the pul
Nearly every Stal has taken
• line with the mea s ure> which the
What would the Chronicle ■ next
r reaffirm tl * • . am
bttsfa :, continue to
l< and cv ill it have the party
it. bime? ift, i)u< country.
nrtll have it without ml
the Chroni
■ ■ in there ■ c dif
ference of an unmc •
' • the Micce«« of
that i< an analysts that even the
I believe, though it i- shouted into
panics find the treasury re
■ ijrment policy of the riovernment
he public cre-iit all in peril together under our
which the proposed measures will re
dery that money panics come nnd rn^e
•ier all taritt*. protective or otherwise,
embedded in history. Therefore the
Vpislation i« upon independ* I
the tariff and i-. intended t<> place the public credit
and the tren«ury reserve and specie payment out of
reach of panics that come in spite of protection.
A Stubborn German landlord threatens to turn
•'■ bite', bn^ and baggage,
rs from his Berlin home. Mine host prbb
• know that the Kaiser I -. ( id .i
i call upon the American Duchess of Marlbor-
OUgfa nuu tii;it the ■ rid American eagles are
striving to scream in harmony.
FOOD ADULTERATIONS.
SI ithered l>y the Sen-
Manufactures concerning the
'. adulterations is
awaken renewed interest even in
that well-worn subject When the evidence given at
its Il'I 1 ' published it wi Furnish a valuable
hi of fa< itrating the in
genuity of i ' (of trade.
An Ohio chei the committee some
of the ri--n':ts !:•• h 1 obtained from examination of
various food articles Fold in that State. It :i;
from his • • that i sted cocoanut shells are
much used in dilutii but the adulterators are
not j^rtnviLr h shells cost too much
'y made.
i inut shells, huckwluat Hour, turmeric, rice flour,
rice hulls, crackers, piperinc and resin, starch, sawdust
FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1899.
•ill found in commercial pepper. Some
I !yzed contained as much as 60
ent of buckwheat hulls, nwdnst and sand One
: cinnamon "consisted of cassia, slightly
rated with rice hulls; another consisted of
gypsum (land plaster), turmeric, rice hulls, crackers,
I w:th rice
or, cayenne pepper and chloroform
: mixed whole spices one
25, one 27 and the other ?o per cent of
■
It is well known that California olive oil suffers
use of the adulterations made with cotton seed
oil produced on the plantations of the South; bttt
tern planters also have troubles, for molasses
need in their cane fields is driven out of the
ir.arkit by a spurious article made of glucose. As for
commercial preserves and jellies, it may be said they
I inything except fruit It is sur
■■■■■• 1 is ver>- largely used
bnt such is the evidence given by the
mist Is it . ■ r v.'.t t )
injorj • ict in the market for his pure
fruit and tl pel him to eat hayseed jam?
The story of frau a. The maple syrup of
New England, like the molasses of the South, is met
by the competition of glucose mixtures. In one
cc cream of tartar was composed of 76 per
cent of land plaster, and in another it was simply
un. Two samples lal : : rued cod
were not codfish at all; while butter contained
r fat and the rest was something
else. Catsup contained large quantities of salicylic
For a preservative methyl orange to color it
of the samples of sweet cider consisted of as
much as 4l4 l/ 3 grains of salicylic acid to the pint.
Up to this time the only dangerous adulterations
u=ed of which the committee has
nation are such as salicylic acid and
The stuff that is put in simply
. •. is not much wor-e than the sand
r «ers put into sugar or vinegar
uantity without mci the price in
science illumined trade with new
It must rot be supposed that all foods are adulter
ated. There are many manufacturers whose goods
?re of the best and purest grades. hi. in behalf
of such manufacturers that the examination of the
frauds is being made. When there can be no exten
sive adulteration of oil or wines or fruit preserves,
there will be a better market for the pure articles
and by reason of the enlarged demand they can be
sold at a less price than at present. From even- point
of view then these food investigations are among the
most promising of general good that Congress has
recently undertaken.
POLITICS AND PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
UNDER any circumstances the people of Cali
fornia would take a warm interest in the ap
proaching meeting of the California Teachers'
Association at Sacramento, for education so directly
affects every home in the State that there is never
any indifference concerning it. It happens, however,
that there are special reasons for more than ordinary
interest in this meeting. One of the chief features of
it is to be a discussion of personal and political inter
ference with the school ■ -tern and some of the
ablest educators in the State, including President
Wheeler of Berkeley and President Jordan of Stan
ford, are to take- part in it.
The subject has often been discussed. That our
public schools suffer by reason of political jobbery is
well known. That evil is felt in every part of the
United States. An illustration of the extent to which
it^ is carried is to be found in events now occurring in
New York, where something like a public scandal Ins
been caused by the action of the Board of Educa
tion in excluding from the schools all books published
by one of the leading publishing houses of the city
because in a magazine issued by that house there ap
peared an article criticising the policy of the board,
h appears, ■ rever, that the Board of Education has
refused to publish the report of the Superintendent of
Schools because in it he charged that political in
fluence is the controlling force in the appointment of
teachers.
Thi- incident i- cite! | rcause it is a part
• C current now • . . |tand
by any means. It would be easy to cite many
■ ees of all • ttempts to sup] i
criticism in ot! r Stai even in California itseli We
the State Normal School at San Jose made
politics and turned over
Govi mor Gage t«> men who have alread) un
:1 * n ns :in( i something closely resembling
I scandal in the election of a pril
that the extent of these evil? should be
made known to the ; | he people are resolutely
• ■ the domination of public schools by politi
cal bosses and can be counted on to cordially sup
port any well devised means to put an end to that
sort of wrong. If therefore the discussion at Sacra
mento brings forth any plan in the way of rem
• ren if it does no more than direct public at
n to the evil it will serve a useful purp
In the very nature of things, the average teacher.
| at the mercy of Boards of | n and tho
who too often control the boards, can
hardly be expected to speak with definitcne^ on an
i^ue of this kind. From men like Wheeler and
n and Dr Par/lee and others who are to take part
in the discussions of the coming convention, how
ever, much may be expected. They are above the
I I nd can speak the truth definitely,
pertinently and directly. They ought to make the
ting memorable in the history of the public
schools of California.
Balfour. the Government leader in the House of
Commons, proudly asserted in an address the other
day that British statesmen had not in the last hun
dred years dreamed of taxing the colonies for the
benefit of the mother country. That little tea party
in Boston harbor has very evidently not been for-
K>'ttin.
President Bergerot of the Board of Education
thinks he sees a joker in a resolution introduced by
Director Kemp. President r.orperot should never
forget the sen. 0 f ar as to joo(.j oo( .
upon Director Kemp as a joke.
— ♦ —
The silver Republicans have decided to hold their
next national convention at the same place and time
as the Democrats. Misery loves company, it is said.
and there is some con-fort in crawling into the same
hole with the other fellow.
The Lord Mayor of London hp.s been forced into
court to prove a character fur himself. Thus far he
is succeeding, but the character nil testimony is un
folding b nut the one he was looking for in justifica
tion.
The army chaplain who fa to l.c tried by court
martial f..r tippling probably thought thai if com
munion with the spirit was good communion with the
spirits was better.
THANKSGIVING AND PRAISE
REV. DR. HUTSINPILLAR
ADDRESSES MINISTERS
Thanksgiving Observed nt Various
Churches Throughout the
City.
The Simpson Memorial Church was
packed yesterday morning, when the Rev.
S. D. HutalnpUlar delivered a Thanksgiv
ing address to the ministers and members
of the Methodist Episcopal church.
Prior to the reverend gentleman's sermon
a rhr.ru> of forty voices, under the direc
tlon of J. M. Shuwmun, rendered music
appropriate to the occasion. He spoke In
part as follows:
Texts: '•Oh glv» thanks unto the Lord" ; "All
thing* are your?." I. Cor. 111:21.
our an>r«-lat!cn of ill th» things that are
ours is the sign of our gratitude, and our grat
itude Is the .Me':. of cur wonh and our pro
grtss. Knowing that, ye have much to b«
thankful for ia thla America, and this crowded
houre Is slgr.liicant of your appreciation of your
heritage and treasures.
Kra Angellco who painted sacred subjects
while on his knee*, gives the picture of one
beautiful .-»«►.-«,: breathing out from the heights
the "Glcrla In Excels!?." and another trumpet
ing the melodious "Te I'.-uru Laudamus"
throughout the h«!ghts of starry worlds. And
our own ChrUtlan ii lent. spokesman for
this Christian nation, catches the song of the
seasons ami the trend of a year's hiMory and
calls us with beautiful Invitation of national
proclamation to pay our vows of gratitude to
tha Most High.
We are profoundly grateful for life— the sim
ple, mysterious, conscious t*'lng that we have.
Your gratitude begins with tilts. We are glad
that we live. Into this pleasurable and varied
blessing all other things which are ours are
gUvn as the stars In the treat firm.unent.
the tribes in the sea, the Inhabitants winged
In the air. If you count life a failure and ex
istence a curs.? you are out of place here to
day. If your creed Is an Infidelity that Justi
fies suicide you have already murdered
gratitude a-.d barred growth and progress, but
counting life a girt immeasurably good and
precious you cj.en pcnse and foul and brain to
a million other gifts and influences.
American life is fullest and deepest. fre»st
and l>est. In our constitution, in our very con
ception and birth as ;i nation, in our freedom
by the truth as wrought out in the experiences
of the tlm"!< that preceded our discovery, our
formation and our development Into an Inde
pendent people, we began at the front—Ply
mouth Itork was the monumental sign of the
N-st life and progress of the centuries. One
thing in our American life is pre-eminent— the
rlsht of n-.an to know God, to worship him
without tho nec t »sMty of form prescribed or
proscribe f,y r i ««t nr king. In this country
the Mbit* I* every man's book an his religion
Is individual and of choice peruonal and un
traxntneled.
' th» <iiiy, as wfll aii th- r»xt arrl
that in tl
• ; .
TURKEYS AT THIRD CON
GREGATIONAL.
Every member of the congregation nnd
Sunday school of the Thirrl i'onKrf?,v
tionnl Church, following their annual cus
tom, brought with them to their place of
worship yesterday morning donations of
choice Thanksßlvinfir fare for distribution
?.". 1 »I 1 ' r th ? p ? nr of the Parish. The Key.
William Ruder spoke of the nepd of
thankfulness for the manifold blessings of
the year.
TURKEYS GRACE HUMBLE
BOARDS.
Through tho ch.iritnblo offort3 nf the
lion, a
numbt-r <>( destitute families
•<1 to mark I
rijr in the i
illK t:
hun^lr.-.l famil]
FUTILE FIGHT
MADE AGAINST
CHIEF DUNN
Scheme of Coolie Im
porters Foiled.
nn the 21st Instant The Call published
tli- opinion of the I ry of the
tiry ana of the immigration department
\<> the effect that it would i>»- t.. thi
I of the service if the Chin< -
reau and U matter of the admi-i
s:..n <■!' Chinese Immigrants t.« this
try under tii<- provisions >>i the exclusion
a. t were transferred to it:-- immigration
department The reason given i>y the of.
f ; « iais t'. iiVni* opinion was thai tt..- pres
ent management of the Chinese Bureau
being upon the shoulders of v •
of the I'ort irn; ,1 vn _
i burden upon him and Is a hin
drance and a detru ■ uork of
' this j..->rL j.ar
tlcularl}. Under ti!'
tiun oi the bureau the bead of ti
partment was a customs Inspectoi
. ':>> the « ■•■ii»-» tor to astble
position and I
Utlcal "pull" rather than of SUM i
merit. Via- chi( Ible to the
■ 'or. bis political creator, and u"m«_
often simply a puppet in the bands <>f the
Collector or ih.- Influential irk-nds of thai
■
By reason <'f this Injecti n of politics
a:m local Influences Into the goveri
of the bureau great .< ept in and
manj i • tn>- outcome. Coun
tcrfi.lt certificates of registry and .
slon were , >vi and sold to < '!.:
slave Importers and «.-op;»-s of the
transcript of testimony taken by the bu
reau were sold by bureau employes to
:;.■ m same ive Importers.
Com these delinquencies and
■is the Treasury Department wa.-»
k>-[>t Informed »>> the reports of criminal
trials iv the Federal courts and by the
publications in 'l'h? ''all. After many con
sultations with Bpecial ■ ! Im
migration commissioners iry of.
the Treasury made ■ radical « -hange in
rsonnel of tin- Chinese Bureau Els
• •! -.\ ;: ii es of a deputy
collector ami placed at the head of the
, in this <ity .!. II Imnn, a g--ntl«-
man of unblemished reputation an..
ling Intemniv. ltut owing to the terms
of the exclusion act th»- Collector of the
Tor: alone had the right to admit <'iiin. •.•*.■
Immigrants or to deny them a landing,
and th«- appointment of Mr. Dunn, whllo
it had the effect of putting the i
upon a systematic basis for the worl
trusted to it. Hill left upon the should, rs
of the Collector the burden of pei
Investigation and supervision in all th-
Chief Dunn immediately heramo un
popular anionsr the Chinese brokers and
tln-ir allies, t i . *- lav.; . ; .-.i i n the
business of landing coolft
mined «-ff...rt wi> made to rest re tl I
condition of think-.' on the part of the
companies and persons most Interested in
the Chinese Immigration business. The
fad thai the reorganisation of the bureau
had not lightened the w..rk of th
lector was made the most of. s
Treasury Agent Smith prepared a report
some weeks ago to the Secretary
.iry. in whU'h he set forth "t»..
ditixn of affairs in the bure-.iu. and
the suggestion made t.> him that
Dunn 1...- assigned to some sj.t ..
fulness in the Bast and that his place i>.«
taken by a deputy Collector at this port -
an additional deputyshlp to be nested for
that purp-
Special Agent Smith laid the pr..j.. ■
before th< a and when asked for
his private opinion ga\- rse to
the proposition, for the reasons which bad
prompted ti" change from the old to the
■ system. Th>- Secretary, who held
:t similar opinion, at once shelved the ad
ditional deputy proposition and resolved
to advocate such a change of th<- ezdu
■ t as should place the whole matter
of Chinese Immigration in the hands of
tin Immigration Commissioners at the
variou ( < ntry.
Mart 11. North. United Smtes immißra
tion Commissioner at this port, said in an
interview yesterday that hi- did noi desire
to ha.ye the i^unajtcuiL-nt of the Chinese
The ladle* who took nr. actiTC pirt i::
this w..rk \\ v., - • • ' '
Geo. W Prescott, Mr- .1 I. Mart el, Mr-
II J
I! Hone, -Mr- X Van Winkle. Mr- A
R Baldwin, Mr- .;. I' Thurston, Mr-
M is. tin \v. Qunn. Mm V
. ■
■
DR. MACKENZE PREACHES
P.ev. Robert Mackenzie preached at the
First Presbyterian Church on "National
Affairs Considered In Their Relation to
Religion." He said In part: "Thla
Thanksßlvlnji brings the nation as such
I Into our thought*. With all our little
I local afTalrs we had almost lost sight of
that great mother world— the nation. Hy
liberty, Industry ami morals this nation
has come Into prominence and has prown
to be a fair commercial rival of Great
Britain.
"Have we now come to the parting of
the ways? Are liberty, Industry, moral
ity In danger? Liberty and Industry are
safe; morality Is In danger. The State of
Utah has elected a man to Congress who
is a Polygamist. Shall that shame be
endured?"
"THE AGE WE LIVE IN."
Rev. Philip Coombe, pastor of the Rich
mond Congregational Church. preached
to a large congregation yesterday morn
ing on. 'The Age We Live In." Ho said.
In part:
This nation has assumed re*ponslblllti*s
which decUre Its herol«m. It l!« no longer re
sarlil as a nation afraid to take its place
among the gn-at ones of the earth. Th. heroic
I'lrit Is In the women of our land, who have
taken a noble part In the responsibilities that
were and are upon am, We may be thankful
we are living In a Just age. Ju»tlc« U closely
allied to heroism. Men must b*!leve their
caure to b? Junt IWon- they can b»> truly he
roic. Let us then he than..ful for that which
Is heroic and J-mt and generous, and n»« that
which Is Keeking to Improve u» opportunities
and assume Its rwponjlbllltlt*.
Y. M. C. A. CELEBRATES.
The mem' Votm* Men's CM**
. a romplln.
<l!nnor in th.- . 1 i n i n^ hall of t:
U h.-n the ThanksKivinK hymi
ed by Captain i: B Ewing
rully . Hen
n J McCoy .-. ■•
pronoui
There w
■
by Mi
REV. FATHER BRYNE AT
ST. MARY'S.
At St. Man's Cathedral the Rev Father
Hani . celebrated high mass, assisted
by Father Itamm, Father Dempsey and
Father O'Ryan. The Rev. Joseph F.
Bryne of Noval preached on the beauty
ol usefulness. He Lid In conclusion: "I
hope that during the year to come we will
continue to stand together and that none
«if those who are now present will be
missed from among: us."
SODALITY'S MEMORIAL.
A memorial mns<» f'.r Urn i of th"
of the • • l the
lirnatius
Chun I v ;< » r j
: w. «;u:in:
Ban J -rl in the hapel
I
PALACE HEMEMBERS EM
PLOYES.
Thr- employM of the Palnre
;..irt....k 1 fcsflv
Bureau and thnt his reason was that he
had all that be could do to attend to th*»
duties of his «>!nYe without being swami^l
Jn a sfa of pigtail?. He admitted that he
was ay.are of the opinion of th»- Tnarury
Department, but Insisted that he had not
asked f<T the bureau while on his recent
trip to Washington and did not want It.
!!*• further ndmltt«'d that the matter of
Chinese immigration was not in any way
connected with the collection of customs
duties and that It should b«- divorced from
the customs department, but he did not
want It to come Ills way.
In the meantime the coolie brokers find
lawyers are complaining that Chief Dunn
is too zealous In the performance of his
duties and that they will be unable to se
cure the admission of any of their coollo
clients unless they have a perfect case.
When It Is remembered thai the exclu
■ton act Itself and all the rulings of the
Treasury Department on that subject
have been In the line of the demand for
"perfect cases" it will be easily under
stood that this complaf.it from the agents
of the highbinders will have the opposite
effect to that Intended.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W W. Ch.npin. a merchant of San Jose.
I* nt th« :•■
W. H Wright, a San Jose attorney, Is
:h<- Lick.
E ii «'i)X. a w. ilthy hanker of Madera
I. Hartman i« r. - : the Cali
fornia from Waj
Uentenai I s \
inp ; • tal for a tin
. Willis Pike, a wealthy raisin packer ct
Fresno, is among the recent arrivals a:
the Grand.
T C. White and o. J. Woodward, two
prominent bankers and capitalists of
lying at Urn i
Dr. and Mrs. H. N V.:n*!..n have come
in from their boaM .it Haywarde and arc
at the Occidental for a short i
Dr. C. I- Hammond. on>- of the leading
tl men <>r Kur.-ka. X- v . is
tered for .1 Irand.
K. w. Churchill, th.- well-known Xapa
bankrr. is reglsterM at t: .. ] wh<-r<
be arrirad y« -terday from hl< boa
Orarackar, ;i waalthy fruit grower
Of Nl - > i ii*r at the Gran>l while
ow a hurrlf<l ouslnaM trip to this city.
Walter T. Stern, son of the famous New
York lawyer, is a guest at the Palace. He
arrived yesterday and is on a pleasum
trip to th;- coast.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livermore is among
those who came to the city yesterday to
witness the- football game and is regis
tered at the Palace.
Charlefl Kylaml, a capitalist of San
is at the Lick, aeotMßpaatod by his
family. Tbt/f caaM up to witness the
football gam. ;■ .-!•]. lay.
D C. Shrpard. Supervisor of Stockton,
is at the Grand, a<< ompanied by h:
lly. They came down ti> thfl rlty to wlt
- inw.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 30.-D. M.
French of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh. A. H. Hemphill and wife of
Oakland are at the Wellington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HOTEL FIUE-E. W. A.. City. The ar
ticle In The Call announcing the destruc
tion of the Hotel Webster In Montreal.
Canada, was published November 3, page
three, column three.
HAIR RESTORATIVE— M. X., City.
There are any number of hair restora-.
tives, but it is impossible to tell "what
will make hair grow" without an exami
nation of the head, as much may depend
upon conditions. The party should tako
the advice of a reputable person who
makes a specialty of the hair.
MARRIAGE— E. A. C. D., City. The law
of this State provides that no divorced
person can marry again in the State with
in a year after the decree of divorce. 1 he
•aw also pays that ■ marriage that is valid
In any other State- or country is valid In
California. Consequently If ■ person di
vorced In California go into another Stato
ing dinner, the equal of that rerved to
thi iruests. and It Is rafe to say that mow
Jollity and goo.l humor couM not h-ivo
prevailed anywhere. While the diner*,
divided Into two watches, were plylni?
their knives and fork;*, a string orchestra
lent the charm of music to their occupa
tion. Those of the number favored who
had families and homes were forwarded
a large turkey by Manager Klrkpatrick.
KINDERGARTEN BANQUET
The pupils of the 9un«h!n«» Kindergarten
will long remember Its Thanksgiving. At
11 o'clock on Wednesday morning th^y
"were assembled TO! strong ~at the room
of the Silent Workers, 334 Harrison street.
Under the direction of Miss .Lillian Ab
bott and Mi.-- Ida Lamb, the little onts
went through a number of simple exer
cises, after whlrh they listened to the rt
niark.s of Mr». Francis Uray.
At noon the children formed In line and
two by two marched to Sunshine Hal!,
gaily decorated for the occasion with ban
ners. Here the nprrad took place, and
the tots did ample Justice to the turkey,
cranberry sauce, mince pic and other
Thanksgiving fare with which the board
wan piled.
After dinner games were In order, which
wen* continued with unabated ardor till
dusk gavf» notice of the close of a day tr>
!■■• marked by the guests with a red let
ter.
TEMPLE EMANU-EL.
An immense congregation was attract*!
to the Temple Emanu-el yesterday morn
ing. The congregation of Sherlth Israel
Joined with the Templars in listening to
L>r. Nleto's sermon on "Victory." The
doctor spoke of American freedom, and
mentioned that as one of the blessings to
be thankful for. After the sermon the
congregation, led by Cantors Starke and
Davis, sans the "Star Spangled ttaaner."
ZITHER CLUB ENTERTA
The audience at San Francisco Turn
Verein Hall, Turk street, last evening
were provided with an enjoyable close to
the day's festivities. The Columbia Zither
Club, under th<; direction of Max Maler,
discoursed orchestral music, while J. W.
Fisher. E. Maertins. Mlfl L. Posner and
the singing section of the Turn Verela
were responsible for the vocal strains.
PLEASURE FOR THE POOR.
The 911 inmate* of the City and County
Aim."! were treated to a splendid
Thanksgiving dinner yesterday, in which,
turkey and # trimming* played a star en
gagement. The old folks were afterward
entertained by volunteer vocalists and
the League of the Cross band.
PRISONERS ATE TURKEY.
The prisoner?" in tN >■ Jail were
■
bountll
■
PRISONERS FEAST.
Three Hundred Inmates of the Jails
Enjoy Thanksgiving.
The prisoners In the three branch
county Jails ft-asted on turkey yesterday.
Over three hundred Inmates were fed an<l
enjoyed Thanksgiving day b*hlnd tha
bar?. For some day.s past the keeper*
and captains at the jalU have been ar
ranging the distribution of the supplier
so that the prisoners might b© afforded
a little pleasure on the day of thanks
giving without extra expense and they
succeeded well Kach man was given the
luxury In addition to his regular rations
and no limit was placid on the supply.
■
■
re In 1
evident that th<
■
-
autboi • he gentrn. -hat it
Cai. (lace fruit 60c -^t la a; Townsend's •
Special Information supplied dally •■>
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping liureau (Allen's). II: ilos:-
Comery street. TelTih'TJe Main IOC •
Rebekah Drill Corps.
To-night the Ladles' AuxiJlarj- and San
Francisco Drill Corps. Rohekahs. will plvo
a social in the banquet hall of the Oil. l
Fellows' building. It is proposed to arivo
such a function once a month hereafter.
"Mrs. Winslow'B Soothing Syrup"
Ha* b»*n th»<l for fifty year* by m:::. -.* of
mother* for thftr children while Teething with
I*rfect ruecets. It soothes th« chll<s. soften*
the rum*, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, r-t-j
lates the Bowels and l.« th« best remedy frr
Dlarrhceas, whether arisins rrexn teethtr.g cr
other causes. For *a!e by tfrnrststs tn *r»rr
part of the wcr!d. B« sure and ask for Mr*.
W'lnsloWs focthlr.ir Fyrup. Xc a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
Santa Fe Rout«. with latr»t
I
» '.xr «r. J :
■ ticket clt\cf. iX Mwk-t *trect I
■
HOTEL. DEL, CO !tO X A -Take adrajttar*
Of th« round-trip ?!.:.<•« Now enly !'"> by
stearasMp. tncluitr.it fifteen days" board at ho
tel: longer stay, n 13 per day. Apply at « Ntw
Montgomery street. i<ja Francisco.
The California Limited
i»n in- Minu ro jiouie. lannectinc trm!a
1-aves at 5 p. m. M.'n-t.ir. W^Jnc»vl».T. Frtiar
and SatunJay. One Oajt to »** U-« A: c ••>• an 4
beautiful ra*»>!<-na If «!p»!rp«t. AH dfait
!>prveil In Hanrvy'a .!■:-.?« an r>r.r>t
♦<iutrr'«l train #nil N^st tr ■ \ of any Jlr.# ta tr>.#
Ka*t. O*t full partlfuUm ar.l haai«ca« ;...'..•?
at tit X- efnee. C?» Maikrt »tr*«t.
Veteran Firemen.
The Association of Veterans of th* Pn!4
Fire Department of San Francisco »vi
hold its annual banqurt in a l*ir.i — •.:..".
restaurant to-morrow night.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
Pneumonia
always leaves the lungs
weak. Weak lungs arc
breeding grounds for the
germs that cause consump-
tion. Chronicbronchitisalso
often follows pneumonia.
If you have had pneumonia,
the germs of consumption
arc at work. Don't let
them get a foothold. Begin
at once and take
SCOTT'S EMULSION;
it will drive out the germs
by making the lungs stronger
than they are.
J
50c tad % j.c«, til drvgxfcta.. . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ \ — ■ jj
[ \
t T =3 I
I Sixty cents.
0 Three days' speci.il— Friday, Saturday and Monday. .
1 We bought th*se shirt* from a factory in the East \
I thnt failed. Shirt* are th; regular fi.25 quali:y — but we, f
I or coarse, boujr.t th?m at a remarkably low figure — '
§, -hire our luck with you. \
We exre ct them to go t-y Monday night, so make th?m |
1 i sprcal for three Jays on!y. ;
'$ Woven madras — fast colors — latest In stripes, checks 5
I and plaids. Pair link cuffs with each :-hi-i; full body £
I . tered. £
j Out-of-town orders filled*— write us for
m cur new illustrated catalogue No. 2.
I (fjjls.N.woope co 1
I \+?n^y 718 MARKET SI X^o£/ I
AMUSEMENTS. __^_
CALIFORNIA THEATER
DO YOU KNOW?
Tiat To- Morrow la tbe Only Matisce of the
M*ga:f.ceßt aai Stupendous Production
Er T. Dac'.el Fraw'.ejr cf the Great Er.p'.ith
Racing I^rarna.
THE SPORTING DUCHESS.
BUT THREE MORE PERr^RM ANTES
nnT IN LINE QUICK FOX YOUR SEATS.
FKVTS NOW ON SALE FOR
,l«s » -,1 >"» > TO I Ml KIISG.
Tfc« sei-rr.d tremendous prciuetlon by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY,
rOPULAK PRICES— TV. We, 25c. Matins,
COLUMBIA^
TTTH ACME OF STAGE PRODUCTIONS.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
JACOIi LITTS GREATER
SHENANDOAH
TTJE MOST STIRRING nATTLE SCEND
EVER ENACTED ON ANT STAGE.
200 People! - - 50 Horses!
rUICEP-JI. Tie, Me ar<S Sis.
MATINEE SATURDAY- "c. JOe ar.4 Zlc.
CO>lbQ "FREDERICK WABDE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! TO.NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW at ! p. m.
The Laufihter-Makinß Ocmic Ofera.
THE HOOLAH.
FAREWELL GRAND OPERA NIGHTS.
Saturday Evenlnic— "CAVALLCRIA" anJ
••PAGLIACiri.*
Close of the 6ea«jn Sunday nitrht anJ 'ail
r*vo!r" to SAlns'ya and A\-»-Jano in
"OTHELI»."
Next Week-THEATER CLOSED FIVE
NIGHTS for decoration ani r*p*ir«. etc.
Crar.l r<" i*ninc EATURDAT EVENING. De-
c»-.T.bcr 'i. and irnrc-^jus jr<>luctlu» of the
ccraic oi*ra,
"T AW AND r«RTAR."
Rean*aranc« of FT.RIIIS HARTMAN. Even' !
« r.e» Favorite. Return of ANNIE MYERS, j
810 DOI~BLE CoMPANT.
PI 'I'ULAR PRICE.S— ::c and Wo. ]
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
LAST THREE NIGHTS!
.Matinee To-Morrow and Sunday.
Saints < Sinners
Next Wcrlc— Francis Powers' Mexican Trac-
ed).
'•MOTHER EARTH."
Muiic ty Em'.le A. ■•km Jr.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 15CtgSc.8Sc.60c
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TLEPIIONE MAIN C 22.
LAST THREE NIGHTS
Of Rice's Fatuous Extravaganza,
Evangeline !
—
Monday ■»ill'> the fiHrinal comic opera.
**HIS MAJESTY."
Music fcr H. J. Ftewart. Libretto by Peter
Uol«-rtson.
rSUAX. PRICES-M*.. S.>. JSc, IBc, 10c.
Good r. % »erv«-d n?at at Saturday matinee. Z>c.
Branch Ticket Offlce. Emporium.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900 !
Winter Meotlr*. November JO to December 2.
ISS». Inclusive.
OAKUND UACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tu««lsiy. We<Jnesdar. Thurs-
day. Friday aiid Saturday. Rain or »!.lae,
Five cr raor* races each day.
Races Ft&rt st 2:13 p. m Khars.
Ferry-boats leare San Francisco at II m. aid
U.BO. i. 3 2/. 2. 2:30 and I p. m . connecUnc '
witb trains stoppln* at the entrance to th«
track. La»t two cars en train reserved for la
Cir% anl their esroru; no smoklnc. Buy your ,
rerry tickets to Fhell Mound. All trains via
< >aki.-u.l mcl« connect with San ay»:. .«
rlettrlc cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Alro all trains v.a Alame.!.. mole con-
nect with Fan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
4i t 1 Rruadwar, Oakland. TI <•>•- electric cars
CO direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Ittturnine— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
• :iS p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. Pmldeat.
a. C. MILROy. Secretary* '
AMUSEMENTS.
The Qu»*n cf Comic Opera,
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
AND A HOST OF FIRST-CLASS VAUDE-
VILLE STARS.
Reserved seats. r<: balcony, l?c: opera
chair? and h x ?eat*. EE r <«.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday ani Sunday.
Next Week-OEORGE FITLLER GOLDEN.
•Ca-ey's Frk-nd" and the Kir.«? of Mon&loglsu.
*THE PEOPLE'S PLATHOUbE-)
Eddy and Jones St«. Phote SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGIIT-THE~ BIG EVENT.
PROMINENT JOCKEYS IN THE GREAT
RACING SCENE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SUNDAY MATINEE LAST I'EKFORMANCE.
JACOB LITT-S VERY BEST.
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
TRICES:
nverlrirs j^, 2>, r«. I?c and T3c
Mat'.ree ..........15c, ICc. 2Cc and Tic
Sunday NUt — Plaster of Paris.
This Chap Will Make You Laugh.
SPECIAL PRICES:
i.-.i- r*.«- ::.•■« ar.i .-.i».-.
COXCFRTS AND RESORTS.
STEEPLE CHASE.
CENTRAL PARK. ftffrJS'S™
Laughable! Startling ! Funny! Unique!
The Ptrongp-it RIM Yet Pre?ent^J
TRnFHSSOR HII.L in his daring MID-AIR
GYMNASTICS; the JEFFRI^-FITZBuK
MONS Fight and New Mr.vinu Pktures by the
Maiairrarh- BICYCLE (IR'T?-« novel at-
tra.-:i.,n. The RAZZLE<OAZESLE rocks you on
a stormj- ncsn. Thrilling: music furnished by
th'- THIiEE Mi:<HA.NK"AL nANI>P. Ride the
Wild HEASTS of th» JUNGLE on the treat
ROMAN CARROUSEL: They all. with the en-
tire r>;ll. cn-.o direct
FR<»M CONEY ISLAND. NEW YORK.
Admtwloo, l."c—i ncludes a ride on th» horses;
rres»nts to tl»e winner*.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AF-TERNfx-.N AND EVENINO.
MAJ(.»ft MITE. Smallest Actnr en Earth
In His Imitations of CORNILLE
AND A GREAT VAUI'EVILLE SHOW
SPECIAL! TO-MORROW (SATURDAY)
NIGHT! Rerro.luctli n of tli* la.-=t njund of
the CORRETT-FIT7JSIMMONS Flcht in con-
junction with the JEFFRIES-FIT7.«IMMONS
ani PAIATER-McOOVERN contests. l "' J^ B
Phone for cents— Park T3.
ri Visitors to this
I allUlallld clty ph ° vi < 1 not fan
iUllUidl.id to -oe the great«9t
work of art ever
■p ». | p presented to the
D3IIIC 01 PU Ma C rvoiou 8 In de-
tail, •wonderful In
Manila Bay ?*s£»?£ m -
i'ldlilla Day m.
» Mirk' t St.. nr. Bth.
Transcnntlnontal tourists and tray- T
eler» from all over tourists and Elates I
• •■ T'nttel State* 1
thow th«rir apprvclatlun of the excel- f
lence of the f
PALACE **o J
GRAND !
by rnaklnjr the*e hotels their h«>adquar- (
tern »HI» In San Francisco. Fourteen i
i hundred rooms. JK>O with baths— largest i
♦ and finest in the world. ,
( JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. ,
m ■ ■—■>——••••♦ -•>»»»•».....»-
Stifc VITALIS
W/^ THE NEW
• • a^^* L Wl CDC ||p II
tr-rr-iothD.7. «.s-^B|L "v rnCNUnn
VITALIS BWhl>v *•— • DCHCnV
UI>ILTK. llquirkijr«iotYtTrrracnr«>**r«uu».n<.L<MW«, Eril
1 * **m * . * •»?;.-.( t '.• •■»»<•• a all «#»ets cf »» If -abu«e or rtmin a
i...:.«-in:..n» I .'-■•• I ,■•.'>•_.! l*ow»r A f ailm» Mtmorr.
WanlioS ItwacHTanirontumptioii. ' inn% when all ether, fait.
Int'.iton haTir.f VITALIS nu oOirr. Can !«■ r.rr,-l m \t*t
I .-I.! i:> i:.>il *!••<• j.-r paek»r»oralx f.^- «. in. «• »h a
nArtnirrinCmrrar lUf«t.4 Ikr Jlo.r;. Circular fr»« Addrnf
(All Mil OKI « 0.. BK4 I»rarborn M., « alt-ac*
8<44 la San rrurim »a Oalland by the Owl Dnf C*.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Ooke.
OFFICE til FOLSOM ST.
nirP nnilll Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOTIlLg^l
Will U MUIIII..C Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
THE PAN 111 AN CISCO CALL. FIUDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1899.
TURKEY DINNERS
FOR TROOPS AT
THE PRESIDIO
No Holiday for the
Forty-Second.
The odor of the festive turkey pre
vailed at the Presidio for a good part of
yesterday, for all the garrison companies
were provided with holiday faro and Gov
ernment straight was at a long discount.
That Is. with all but the Forty-second.
tied ..n.,y and
i :' the holiday, and
■
-. the transports
Colum \ lock. It was tv
lay, bat the
and s.. :'.
delayed until Just in time to meet the hol
when the men could not enjoy it.
At th«> hospital visitors were allowed to
come and go freely, and the friends of
the patients took liberal advantage of the
opportunity. Hospital fare was bettered
for the occasion to the extent oC the ac
cepted Thanksgiving dish and its accom
paniments, and the corps* men as well as
the patients dined sumptuously.
At the garrison barracks there were
more samples of the ingenuity of the
cooks, but it was evident at retreat that
many of the men had been given leave
for the day, for there were but small
commands to answer the evening rollcall.
Out of It all. however, there were but two
absent and unaccounted for.
The Forty-ninth spoilt most of the after
noon around the regimental band, which
played its repertory through. The Forty
ninth will be the next to go, and to the
men Thanksgiving was no more than an
other day between them and the time they
will reach the islands.
It being the last day of the month all
troops at the post were mustered for In
spection and to appear on the . rolls.
1 hat having been completed they were
formed again and the order from head
quarters containing the President's proc
lamation on tho death of Vice President
Hobart was read to them.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Percival S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blouse Suits,
for boys 4 to 10 years,
Retail value: $7.30.
To-day ani Saturday, (fir Aft
including Saturday \»1 111 1 i i
night WUIUU
First-class all-wool materials, cut
in the very latest styles.
Brown Bros. & Co.
Wr.olcw't Manufacture** of Clothing.
R«'jiing "Direct from Mill to '<'i .
121-123 SansomeStreet
INVEST
. . IN . .
OIL!
There Is Oil in Tar Canyon.
The Tor Canyon Oil Company
owns ICO acres of land which Is sur-
rounded by oil wells, and are offer-
Ins for sale a limited number of
shares of stock for development
purposes.
There will be no assessments.
All the officers are giving their
services free.
BEND FOR FREeTprOSPECTUS.
SHARES $1.00 EACH.
DIRECTORS:
JAMES A. WILSON President
See. Builders' Ezchanca.
P. A. KKHGEH'tT Vice President
Pre«. Board of Education
O. R. GIBSON Secretary
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co
W. I. BROBECK Treasurer
Asst City and County Attorney.
HON. FRANK McOO'.VAN
Ex-State Senator
7th Floor, Crocker Building, r. 142-143.
PHONE MAIN* Ml
" '
ov!sst OR. JORDAN greati
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY J
f :::iiti£ti::: v- •;■.:-- : : ; ; . a
\ Cf Th» Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
Q jjiafe'^^ World. \*M«nr«s«i cr any rnntracttd i
' ESS £ "sss pc-»lll»^l rmro^by th' oldcit r
9 lyr 1 Ps"» : i»tcolbeCcan. Kit. y. >-«!«. A
t fISSfS DR * JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES i
!«•»! C'.^*uU«ti.in free »nd -«ri tly rr-r»«e \
0 i J&\Z it •""e' l ' personallir or by Utter. A i
" I 7 «M /tea.fit« CBr«in every caieunderukea. T
air !;« Write for Book. rnnoMii'itYtii
X II il ■A»miA«jßl. MAiuiu fRU. -Af
A (t U' »*lu»jle bock (cr mm)
f DR. JORDAN ftl'O., 1051 Market St.. B. F. f
PDTTCUI7C FOn DARBERS. bak-
DilUljnJuiJ^ buotblacks. bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries. pn[»>r-
harp. rs. printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen. tar-roofer«, tanner*, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
f.vf Tyfy Permanent cure. Entire time
HI LiW devoted to rectal diseases.
m~ II IP Reference*, those cured. No
1 IRJMJkJ »nrgery. A. J. Atkins
11. I).; 933 Sutter St.. San
Francisco; hours 1 to 1 p. m.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets, Strictures and analogous coin-
1 .• ;ts of the Organs of C -aeration.
Price II a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Mian Vegetable Pills
Ai'.L ACKNOWLEDGED BI .liuuSANiji
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. OIDDLNES3.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples and m. 4 tbe blood.
Rossiter has been assigned to duty on the
trans-Port Sherman.
In dispatches of yesterday, sent by Ad
mhal Watson to the Navy Department
and published yesterday morning, men
tion was made of Albert Soslchen a* hav
ing carried dispatches Tvlth news of Gil
;tnd his captured comrades to the
Am.rkan lines. The man was Albert Son
:it of this city, whose pa
r.-nts reside ;it 210 Scott street. The name
: ■ have been changed in transmission.
A petition heail« «1 by S. AY. Levy, j>r<-r;
:r»-;is\;rt-r "f the Associated
Charities, an.l Major William B. Hooper,
vice president **f the same organization.
fried by (iractlcally all or the lead
f thf olty, has been
circulated protesting againsi th.^ s.-tting
- irplus funds now In
•■mis >if the citizens' executive com
mittee fop a permanent memorial.
The petition which is the work of those
wh., i. • uriiu-ipal contributions to
the relkf fund, calls attention to the num
'i and soldiers now
here ami t-i the number yet to rume and
it very truly uya that tho people of Ban
Fratu I sco desire r-o monument until the
an who needs assistance has been
attended to.
This morning at 11 o'clock th<? trial of
II commence at the
TRIED TO DIE BECAUSE
SHE WAS REBUKED
MISS FHENO NIGEO DRANK
ARNICA.
Her Father Would Not Allow Her
to Eat Turkey With Friends.
She Will Recover.
Because her father refused to allow her
to eat her Thanksgiving dinner away from
home.Pheno Nlgeo.a young and prepossess-
Ing Italian girl who lives at 440 Ninth
street, tried to end her life last night by
swallowing tincture of arnica. For
tunately the Impulsive girl's action was
observed and Officer Fontana had her re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, where
she was treated by Dr. Starr and placed
out of danger.
Friends called at the hospital last night
but were unable to see the girl, as she
was suffering from hysterics. One ■:
them stated that Miss Nigeo had quar
reled with her father early in the after
noon, and that she donned her best
clothes and prepared to leave the home
for the purpose .if taking dinner with a
relative who resides in the Mission. Her
father objected to her going and tried to
enforce his authority by locking her in
her room. Miss Nigeo managed to get out
of her room and was Just about to board
an electric car at Ninth and Harrison
streets when her vigilant parent grasped
her by the arm and, despite her tears,
marched her back to the house. The
young girl was so chagrined over the oc
currence that she tried to end her misery
by swallowing half a bottle of tincture
of arnica. Miss Nigeo is now out of dan
ger and repentant.
INDIAN CHILDREN NOT
ALLOWED IN SCHOOL
QUEER STATE OF AFFAIRS IN
INYO COUNTY.
State Pro Rata for Them Collected by
the Trustees and the Children
Debarred From the
Schools.
M. F. Holland. Supervisor of Indian
Schools, with his ofllc* in the city of Lot
Angeles, has called the attention of the
Federal authorities to a violation of the
law alleged to exist In Tamaha School
District, between Pine Ridge and Inde
pendence. Inyo County. He .v« that the
Trustees of that district have been In the
habit of enrolling in their school census
the names of all the Indian children In
the district between the ages of 6 and 21
years, and collecting from the State the
pro rata of school money -for them, while
debarring them from the benefits of the
education for which the State has made
the apportionment.
TTie State school law provides that when
separate schools are established for Mon
golians and Indians, such Mongolians or
Indiana shall not be admitted to the pub
lic schools, and that where such separ
ate schools have not been established
such Mongolians or Indians shall be ad
mitted. Holland says that there are
no separate schools in that district for
Mongolians or Hans, and that the chil
dren of those races are debarred from
education. He proposes to lay the matter
before the proper State authorities. In
order that the Indian children of that dis
trict may be received into the public
schools; or, in lieu thereof, that the ap
propriation be stopped.
NOT THANKFUL.
Dennis O. Donlan, a Despondent
Painter, Cuts His Throat.
Dennis G. Donlan. a Grand Army man
and ;t painter by occupation, attempted
to commit suicide yesterday morning by
cutting his throat with a razor in the
basement of JO.' Post Street He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where the
I was stitched and dressed. He will
er.
Donlan had been living at 929 Post street
for about a week. V he lost his
job. whfrh made him despondent. About
7 o'clock yesterday morning he left his
r'".m. after placing his money on t.>p f
d went down to the base
ment, where b< drew the razor across his
thront. but did not inflict a dangerous
i He was discover..! about four
hours latl at to the hospital
lonian has t wife and two children, and
the money he l'-ft on ton of the bureau
was intended for them. He said he had
nothing to be thankful for and thought
It was bett' r to die than 11 wln poverty
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
About eighty members of California
Castle No. 1 of the Knights of the Golden
Eagle and a few specially Invited guests
sat down to banquet on Wednesday in a
downtown restaurant in honor of Thanks
giving eve. A tine menu was served, and
at the close of the supper Daniel 'Nor
cross, the founder of the order In this
State, acting as toastmaster, made a few
remarks explanatory of the rise and prog
ress of the order, and then called on N
P. Sanford, who had something to say In
regard to the knights. G. H. Peterson
gavo a recitation, and then F. A. Miller
favored with .1 piano recital. Oscar
Hock*. Charles 11. Holcomb. Samuel Mc-
Call. A. Helntielman. A. a. Maybee W
O. Macdougall. D. N. Hnnna and K. t'
Morrell responded to toasts that were bur!
gested, and i' was midnight before the
jolly gathering dispersed. C. A. Land
strom. A. J. Plate and S. O. Macdougul!
composed the banquet committee.
Valley Lodge Smoker.
Valley Lotlge of the Ancient Order of
I'nlted Workmen In this eltjr gave a
Bmoker and banquet VTednesday in the
, social hall of Shiels' building.' The at
tendance was large, and v the occasion
■11 educational meeting th^r«* wen
• s a number of mQai< a] selections'
. --ongs. redtatlona and IntereKting ad
dressee Past Suprom- lUster Workman
\N . H. Jordan spoke on fraternal enthu
siasm. Past Orand Master \v n Barnes
on the value of the A Q, \'. w to younir
m«-n from a point Independent (■ De ,.,..
Diary benetits. and Grand Fureman Snook
■j. k.> of the value of th- order to rouni
; men from a pecuniary standpoint ' Sam
(Booth favored with songs original an 1
comic, Richard I. WheUn iancand i?\,\
em. Walter Mailoy entonaine.t with »
itlon and th^n there was an excVllUt
collation^ J. M. camp pr,-1,1.M ami he
Mission Council's Dinner
Mission Council No. 3 of the Vounc
Men's Institute gave Its annual dinner to
its members on Wednesday In a Geary
sm't'tg-Hstaurant, and th.r»- were present
a few quests. There were about fort\ -it
the table, and all enjoyed in the fuii.st
the good thln« laid before them Tho
affair was under the direction of T n
Slevln, John E. Richards J r V ?•'
Comyns, C. G. Wllley and M. J "Conner'
ton. Joseph I. Richards was the ho"
and during the evening he called UDon
John T. Greany. George a. Stanley the
grand secretary D. J. OXcarjr. seoond
vice president of the council; Judge Frank
J. Murasky and others to respond to
toasts appropriate to the gathering. It
was a very pleacnnt affair, and the hope
was expressed that the council may lons
live to enjoy Euch reunions.
FORTY-SECOND
REGIMENT OFF
TO THE FRONT
Two Transports Sail
for Manila.
A big crowd gathered on the water
front yesterday afternoon to witness :ne
departure of the Government transports
Dalney Vostok and Columbia. The Co
lumbia had on board the headquarters
and band, besides five companies of me
Forty-second regiment. The Dalney Vo
t>tok tooic the other seven companies.
Chief Ofllcer T. Lambert took Che latter
vessel out on account of the revert ill
ness of Captain Errlcson. The United
States Inspector of Steam Vessels made
the ship take six coal passer?, three oil
ers and three water tenders over and
above her regular crew to comply with
the United States laws.
Theodore EL Robinson, the popular
purser, sailed In that capacity on the Co
lumbia and a number of his friends were
at the wharf to bid him godspeed on his
long Journey.
Several more vessels of the overdue
fleet arrived yesterday. The wind, which
has blown southeast for two ninths pas-t.
shifted to northwest and biew at the
rate of twenty-eight miles ar. hour.
The ship Spartan experienced a heavy
storm after leaving Seattle thirty-two
days ago, during which everything aboard
was lashed down. She was In a succes
sion of southeast and southerly gales «ii.d
on November 12. when the storm w
Its worst, the Hrst otHcer. Emil Lar>»-n.
died and was burled at sea. When tne
was crossing the bar she touched
lightly, but no damage result -d.
The schooner Holla, which arrived af
ter a passage of twenty-fOUI day.
Bluslaw, had to keep her crew at thfl
pumpa nearly aJi the way down, i pon
her arrival there were five i< • \ of
In the hf>ld and she was Immediately .uti
on the Mission mud Bats. The steam col
lier Miami, six days from on iti
her share of the heavy weather that pre
vailed. The other vessels tiiat arrived
were the ship Buteshire, 148 days from
Swansea; the schooner Vnlar.t, II 1 * la/I
from Gray? Harbor, and the s-hip >•
Curtis, frf-m Honolulu.
Th»- American ship Kennebec. 154 days
from Baltimore, is overdue and 7 i■ r
reinsurance Is being paid by the
underwriters She has coal 'or th<- I mm
and the juiileshlp can not go nut on her
cruise until the Kennebec R.-ts here.
F. \V. Hurkman, brother of Contractor
A. E. Buokman, was severely injured
while superintending the d'tchar
some blasts on the Santa Pc U I
property at Main and Man
A charge of giant powder had been ,
in a ridge of hard rock anu l:u lua lb
fired It. A little powder in tne Mama if
1 the rock Hazod up, and thinking that
the blast had gone off he stepped for
ward, when the explosion cajne and sev
eral larpe pieces of rock • wa Into
the air ml struck Hurkman in t:.
and on th-? head He was treated
I the H irb r Hospital for two
lacerated wounds c:i the side of th^- bead
an<i the f.>r#»head. He never lost con
sciousness, however, and sent for his
brother-in-law. Dr. William (lark, who
was enjoying a Thanksgiving dinner at
Itreet After further ••
m««nt Dr. Clark took the Injured ma>. to
his home. 443 Guerrero street.
VAN BERGEN DIED OF
A HEART AFFECTION
BUT THE CORPSE HAD BEEN
PLUNDERED.
Tragic Termination of a Three Days'
Spree by a Man Under the Care
of a Ph>sician for a Fatal
Ailment.
All suspicions of foul play In th
of the death of William N. Van Hergen
were dissipated yesterday by the a ,
by Morgue Surgeon Zabal i -
autopsy slip certifies that death waa
caused by broncho-pneumonia with acute
• dilatation. That the d.
robbed shortly before or after death is
doubted. although the pockets w<.re
turned inside out and nothing of value
remained In them. All that was found by
the Morgue deptttiM wan a packet of
letters, a few l.usti • a rnemor
andutn book and a bunch of k>
Dr. H. W. Baom, who had prescribed
for the deceased for *"me time past, in
formed the Coroner that Van Berg?n h id
what is known to the medical fraternlry
as a weak heart, aggravated by the lr
ordlnate use of Intoxicating liquors and
that h. had been In the habit uf going off
on sprees for several days at a time.
Arthur Troullet. bartend, t for L..
Perrey of 317 Grant avenue, aaM in an in
terview yesterday thai Van Hergen had
been on a spree for two or three d.»> s
Immediately preceding his death. The
last time that Troullet saw him allT( v
about half-past 10 or 11 o'clock U.-t
Wednesday night. He came Into the
saloon on the same evenli . half
past 6 and 7 o'clock under the infl
of liquor, and when paying for a drink
exhibited a $20 piece and $5. At that time
the deceased had come from the
at the corner of Sutter stre»u and Grant
avenue. When he came in later h«> waa
so much umW the influence of liquor
that Troullet refund to serve him any
more liquor and advised him to go borne.
Van Hergen went from J'err. v"s place to
the saloon on the corner of Grant avenue
and Bush itl
Shortly after midnight yesterday morn
int: I'.rrey was >:<->ing to his iiome on the
I '::h side ff Marian place, and saw Van
Bergen'l body lvlng on the sidewalk on
the other side of the alley. He returned
to his saloon anil notified his barten.l.-r
and Mr. l)<'rhelmer of ;>ll Crar.t avenue
of the discovery h* had made. l>er:
i-hed the body, an 1 finding that the
unfortunate man was dead, notlfle
poUce. He saw that the. pockets of the
dead man had been turned Inside out.
The deceased was a son of Nicholas
Van Bergen, who died about a year ajro,
and a cousin of Henry N. Van 1.
secretary of the California Wine As
tlon. He was a single man, 34 years old.
and a native of California.
Captain Bohen yesterday morning de
tailed Detective Cody on the cas^
yesterday afternoon the detective reported
that after making an Investigation ans
talking with Van Dergen's relatives lip
had come to the conclusion that he hn.«r
nothing of which he could have bern
robbed.
T>eath of Mrs. Fred Ray.
The many friends of Mrs. Fred Ray*
m ■ithcr-in-law Of K-lward Hrunschweiger
of this city, will be pained to Warn that
her recent Illness, baa terminated fatally
and that her doath occurred yesterday at
the family residence in Martlti'-z. Ifr
Ray was a woman who had hundn-iis of
friends throughout the State, and tht
ncwi of her demise will be a -
shared by all riassrs of peopl.-, both those
of her own soiial standing who knew and
admired her as a friend and the numer
ous poor famlli'-s who wore Indebted to
her kind thoughtfulness ami k
rharity for many a comfort which other
wise they could not have enjoyed.
Malt- Nutrine
is prepared at our brewerr and Is ruarantecd
unequaled In quality, purity, and medicinal
ANHB(jam-BUSCB BREWING ASSN.
Electrical Workers.
Local No. 6 of the International Broth
erhood of Electrical Workers gave Its
nfth anniversary ball In Native Sons' Hall
Wednesday. There was a goodly num
ber of members and friends present in the
very prettily decorated hall, Just enough
to fill and not crowd It. The decorations
were heightened by a number of electrical
deigns. There was a programme of
twelve dances with three extras, enough
to satisfy the most enthusiastic lover of
the whirl In the ballroom. The commit
tee of arrangements was composed of K.
P. Gale. C. W. Stark. 11. C. Hasselbach.
F. F. Royd and J. E. Jones. H. C. Has
selbach was the floor director anf G. F.
Porter his assistant.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FATHER OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Copyright, 1899. by Seymour Enton.
GPEAT AMERICAN STfITESMHN.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert ftoshaell Hurt. Vrottmot J^hn Ilach Wo
Master. Profy— of Charles H. Smith. Dr. Ft- ■■'. r- W. .-;-::■ Professor Andrew C. Me
Laughlln and others.
VII.— JAMES MADISON.
The title of Father of the Constitution
has been proporly glv*n to Mndi^on. for
to his indefatigable efforts the prepara
tion and adopt!) of that document is
largely due. As early as any American
statesman he felt that "unions a . st.-m
of general revenue be established the
foundations of our independence will be
laid In injustice and dishonor and the ad
vantages of the revolution, depend*nt
upon the Federal compact, will be of
short duration."
He was born In Virginia In 1731 and died
in that State In 1536. For most of his life
he resided In Orange County, and he was
never outside of the United States. Ills
knowledge of the principles and practice
of governments was most profound and
his study of the science of politics ex
tremely extensive. He was a quiet,
modest, abstemious man. with little
humor, and was rather stiff and formal In
his ways. His morals were unexception
able and his friends found him faithful
under all circumstances. It Is remem
bered that when first he stood for the
Virginia Assembly he lost his election be.
cause he refused to win over voters to his
support by treating. Though opposed to
any establishment of religion and on one
occasion largely Instrumental In prevent
ing Virginia from laying tax In support
of churches, his own piety was devout.
His first act in public life. In the Virginia
convention of 1776. which Instructed her
delegates to propose Independence, was to
procure a change In the proposed bill of
rights so that it should not read "all men
should enjoy the fullest toleration In the
exercise of religion, according to the dic
tates of conscience"; but rather "all men
are equally entitled to the free exercise of
religion." He had been trained by Dr.
"Wltherspoon at Princeton and had
learned logical methods and k<jen sym
pathies with the movement to break
JAMES MADISON.
(From the Original by Gilbert B
away from Great Britain. The State early,
found his worth and made him member
cf the Council of State In 1777 aTi dele
gate In the Continental Congress In 1773.
He served there for three years during a
most trying period.
When he returned home he spent some
time reading law. Though never ad
mitted to the bar. he became deeply
versed in the law and had been appoint
ed as early as 1779 a member of a com
mittee to codify the laws of Virginia.
From his retirement he was called In ITVt
to become a member of the Hour.c of
Delegates. He was much Interested In the '
preservation of the State's honor by s»?
curln* the payment of debts owed to
British subjects and paid much attention
to improved communication with the
West. #
If It be true that a desire to have a
Federal regulation of commerce and a
Federal power to tax were the causes of I
the constitution It Is also true that bet
ter cominn: with iho West md
the navigation of the Potomac River
were the occasions of that document be
ing prepared at the time It came into
being. The stream, flowing between
Maryland and Virginia, belonged to the
former State, but as there were points
of entry en the southern bank it wag
necessary for both States to join In any
satisfactory commercial regulations of
river traffic. The mutual appointment ot
commissioners to discuss these points
was urged by Madison, and was mi • by
both State Legislatures. On March ->.
OK, the commissioners, by Washtngtcr's I
Invitation, met at Mount Vernon and
agreed on a report to be referred to r»>ir
States. They also suggested that there
be uniform legislation by Maryland and i
Virginia with reference to duties on Im- !
ports and regulation of commerce and
of the currency. It wa* also sugge-ted
that commissioners be appointed annu
ally to meet and discuss such points.
Maryland acted first and recommended
that Pennsylvania and Delaware be in
vited to aUend a second conference, as
their commercial Interests were so elor,»iy
allied to those of the two conferring
States. Here was Madison's chance, rie
had already contended In the Virginia
Legislature that the only redress for th
unsatisfactory condition of commercial
affairs was a "uniform system of com
mercial regulations pervading all the
States, enacted by a common authority. '
and now determined to endeavor to se
cure a convention of commissioners from
all the States to consider a uniform com
mercial system and to endeavor to add to |
the articles of confederation an article:
which would secure the power of estab
lishing such a system to the Federal
Government. Fearing that his own known
nationalist sympathies would arouse op- I
position, tie secured the introduction, of
his resolution by Mr. Tyler. * delegate
who was not thought to be a strong 1' •!
eral sympathizer. The meamire paastd.
The Virginia commissioners were ap
pointed and selected Annapolis as the
place and September. 1756. as the time
for the meeting.
So few State* sent delegates to Annap
olis that nothing could be done, but Han
ilton seized on the clause In New Jer
sey's Instructions to her delegates to '
consider "other Important matters" In >
addition to commercial ones and secured
the passage of a resolution by the c m- \
vention calling for the assembling of an
other general convention to meet at Phil- i
adelphia In May. 1757. to discuss all need
ed amendments to the articles of confed
eration. Madison, who was at Annapo
lis, heartily concurred In this, as he felt
the existing confederation was nothii g
more than a treaty of amity, commerce
and alliance between Independent and
sovereign Slates.
Virginia was the first State to appoint
delegates to this Philadelphia convention.
Washington was the first one named, and
Madison was rightfully Included In the
list. A month before the gathering <( the
convention Madison sent Washington a
draft for a new constitution strongly na
tional In spirit and tn the famous Vir
ginia plnn. often called from the name of
Ililmi:: Randolph, who Introduced It. ho
doubtless had a large share. This plan
was the basis of th»? cimntitution, am! In
advocating its essential features and la
standing firm for a national system M.id
lson did good service. Another service,
of scarcely less value to the country,
was the fact that ho took full notes of
every speech delivered la the convention
and wrote them out after each session.
As there was no official reporter and the
convention eat with closed doors. MaJl
son's debates, as they are called, ire of
Incalculable value as sources of lnforma
t'on. All through the summer he labored
wirh the other delegates of that famous
body, and after the work was complete
he Journeyed to New York to attend tha
sessions of the confederation of congress,
of which he had been again elected a
member. He defended the constitution
in that body and secured a vote recom
mending the State to call conventions to
consider the ratification of th. n»-w form
of government. With Hamilton, he pre
pared that remarkable commentary on
the labors of the convertlon known as
the Federalist. Jay rendered some little
assistance, but the mass of the work Ml
on Hamilton and Madison, and to the
latter naturally came the larger part of
that section of the work which dealt with
the provisions of the constitution Itself.
In the newspapers, where the Federalist
a ?L Cl !n first appeared with the signature
of Publius. they had great effect, and tru-t
effect has endured. Hurrying home from
New York. Madison served in the Vir?
glnla ratifying convention and was the
main pillar 1 of the Federalist force*
therein, successfully opposing the great
eloquence and force of Patrick Henry
When rat lcat , wa* lns «-^ Madison
was the Federal candi.i., f-,,~, t-i._._,_
-
~rm-»
■
the H
■
I
ship
lax H
1
of m
concession." With th*se view* he In
troduced the first tariff bill for reve
nue with Incidental protection, propose
constltutk,: " 1 . 1 nm ««lm«»w In the naturo
SrnH.t " of r '* nt » «<> satisfy the anti-Fed
eralists .advocated collecting other fact*
than a bare enumeration of inhabitant*
of th. J;'?* o*'0 *' *3* favored the adopting
of the Potomac ulte for the national capi
tal. He voted for the excise hill with rc
luctai l. °» PI I?.'" d the P lan ot apportion
ment which Washington vetoed, and was
filim dd i V '^? r> ' of th ? V nlted . ... « Bank,
claiming Cor.rr.ss had no power to charl
iT it. * He faVured dividing the payment
'if the do lwltl f d f bt the preset
and the flnt holder, to prevent ipectUa*
State debts. Jefferson and he aided Fre
neau. an old Princeton Mend, to set up
an opposition paper, and when Hamilton
onder «>• name of Paclflrus Iwl n i?e (
Washington's neutrality policy and 1
peaceful line of conduct In France'? qua*
rels Madison answered the papers with
?«2£ force uslnp the name HVlvldlus "lie
fa\nred discriminating duties against
Great Britain, and. opposing further ne
gotiation, attacked the j">- treaty.
te'rV'nV^m"'"^ th ° "P'ratlon of hi*
term of office he marr ed an attractlva
young widow. M-<
during a . "•• H< * rp tired to private llfo
built a bom term In the |»resid*n"y
Islaturc
nulllf..
heresies" and that the resolutions wor*
not mrant to assert a right In -invnnn
State to annul an act "fConRr?JV It
must be said, however, that at th,"' tlma
they were prepared they were pen era™?
Madison w i 5 ''^Idedly UtlinuSSZ
•Maiiison was then In opposition When
iSduS? spffM?aa« ssssssa
After ?u? c hls Secretary of 4 Stat<>
After eiKht years of » Xi ch xhrvlec fie be-
£ ame I'ros-lcfent as Jefferson's polTtlcal
heir. The two terms he served wero
stormy or.
continual!'
of pnrani'"
Knirlan.! ft :
Fleam of ■aceesa, when the favoraM*
krsklne treaty with England was sK i •
was eclipsed wh«»n that treaty was i Yin.
■ >wn»-<l by th.' liTlUsh OwSSSS Finl
ally he was forced, against hi* will to
secure a renomlnationT to asrree . to •
declaration of war against England Th-
I-ederalsts called the war of l" W h, h
followed "Mr. Madison's war." fheYe i«
a grim Irony about the term He fo rir t
his old saying, that "We have marm^
dangers to guard against and w? can
secured against them no other way ?h£n
-
own.- Though h i.. ;
war wan *
peace within his term ..f ..rti, «• Jl'.i 1 
to spend twen'- • '*■ f i 7
at"mpted e 'to .ally. 110 Calumn y h « «S
Johns Hopkins Unrrerslty.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THUKSUAYS:
Popular Studies In Shikespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Ore.it
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies tot
Oirls and Shop and Trade Studies fot
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 13. 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates, *•■
78
LAWTON CLOSE
TO INSURGENTS
Is Negotiating for Their
Surrender.
HOW GILMORE WAS CAPTURED
♦
STORY TOLD BY A. SONNICHSEN,
AX ESCAPED PRISONER.
Party Was. at One Time Lined Up for
Execution, but Aguinaldo Inter
vened and Saved the Lives
of the Men.
♦
Eperlal Dispatch to The Call
♦ MANILA. Nov. Ml— General I.aw- 4
-♦• ton fc« nt Bambong, twenty miles ♦
■♦• south of Bayombong, on the Cay- ♦
•♦• gnyen Jliver. He is in telegraphic ♦
•♦■ communication with the insurgents ♦
■♦■ over the wire in their possession, ■♦■
•♦ and the commanders of the oppos- ♦
■♦■ Ir.g forces are considering proposl- -♦■
■♦■ Uons made by telegraph looking ■♦•
■♦■ to the surrendor of the rebels to -♦■
•4- the Americans. ♦
■
■
■
when
• i the
■
-
■
■
I
■
-
■
■
■
■
■
■
Transpot Vi- • incr Here
■
I
Land Case Appealed
I
■
i
rmtir
|O tl'.
■ •
• ■ ■
■
■
Victim of an Unknown Man
LIMA. Ohio. Nov. 30.— MIks Mapd<*
Haub. n»fM 3R. n telephone c.periitor. wan
uttarked by an unknown man. supposedly
a uegtu. wliile on her way honit? last
richt. She was overpowered, bound and
purpcd. An hour latrr she was able to
rcarh a house and gave an alarm. Her
condition is critical.
■
FOUGHT FOR LIFE
WITH A PANTHER
G. Salucci Has ar) Exciting Early
Morniog ExperieQce at Cannp
Taylor.
I PAN RAFAEL. Nov. 30.— Q. Saluccl. a woodcutter living near Camp Tay
lor, walked Into the yard at the rear of bis cabin this morning Just In time
to see h large panther spring upon hie fat turkey. To think was to act. i
Saluccl grabbed an ax and made for the brute. He ■truck it a glancing
blow upon The shoulder, when the Infuriated beast dropped the turkey and
sprang upon the man. His cries for help brought his flfteen-ycar-old son to
the rescue, who. perceiving the danger of his father, rushed Into the house.
nn«l returned with a shotgun loaded with buckshot. The boy was at first
afraid to tire for fear lie might shoot his father, but when Saluccl lay quiet
and the panther stood worrying him, the lad let the brute have both barrels
behind the shoulder.
With a snarl the beast released Its prey and stocd lashing Its tall for a
moment, then seized the turkey and made, off up a canyon.
— At»f xatninrmtm^hoTved-ihat^whtte the woodcutter was cut and torn
around the shoulders and on the arm* he was not seriously Injured. His
wounds were dressed and another turkey purchased for the Thanksgiving
■ feast.
Now Saluccl and hi« family are thankful enough that their fate was no
worse. ;
HELPLESS ON
A RAGING SEA
•
Trying Experience of the
Schooner Myrtle.
♦
Social Pi!>patrh to The C*'.\.
TA<" Ma Nov. 80.— Captain Nelson of
the fishing schooner Myrtle, who arrived '
to-day, tells of the thrilling experience of i
himself and crew during the past week
in a terrible storm that has raged on the \
North Pacific Ocean. The schooner was
on the halibut banks when the storm \
arose and endeavored to reach Puget
Sound. Off shore winds prevented and she |
was driven far out to sea. Captain Nel- j
son and crew were up night and day for j
ten days, engaged in what they believed j
to be a fruitless effort to save their lives. '
The schooner •hipped water and her '
sails were torn to tatters. To cap the \
climax, her rudder was broken off. leav- ■
irq the schooner perfectly helpless on a ■
raging sea. To oftset this calamity. Cap- ;
tain Nelson threw two hawsers over the !
vessel's stern and drew them Jn or let j
them out. according as he wished to steer ;
to port or starboard. In this way he sue- '
ceeded in keeping ailoat until the storm's ;
fury was spent and then reached Barclay j
Bound. Vancouver Island. Here tempo- !
rary repairs were made and the schooner
was brought to Scow Hay on tne Straits
of Fuca, to be repaired. Captain Nelson I
came on ahead for materials.
The ships Lucile and Occidental have •
arrived from Honolulu. Captain Ander- i
son of the Lucile counted sixtt-^n more
vessels standing off Cape Flattery, wait
ing for tugs. They included six ships.
four barks and six schooners. The bark
Abby l'almer was the only one he identi
fied.
Some of the vessels, including the bark
Ferris Thompson, have been outside for
many weeks. During the past week he
storm lias raged more furiously than ever
and many outgoing vessels ar»» seeking
shelter at Ncah and Clallam b:iys.
Struck Asphaltum.
-
■
■
■
■
■
■
Killed by a Fall
AUBURN, Nov. 5-i.— Tom Ko-r.a. brother
of Sheriff Kit-na, was thrown from his
wagon list night and. killed. The young
man was to have been married on Christ
man day.
There is a new railroad car that by Its
own motion compresses ammonia gas to
liquid, which in going through the pipes
expands and produces the necessary cold
ness In the air.
j. * . • ■■*■.
KEW ADVERT T SE?IEXTs-.
Then and Now.
%
To say that I man has Bright* dis-
ease was once considered equivalent to
saying that he stood in the valley of
the shadow of death. The end was only
a question of time. But that was be-
fore Warner's Safe Cure had spread its j
benefits over the land.
C. H. Lincoln of Medford, Mass.,
"I had typhoid fever, and after it
came kidney trouble, and It was whls- ,
■
pered around that I had Bright*! dis- \
I
ease of the kidneys. I knew what that
meant, so I pitched the medicine I had
■
outdoors. I then bought one bottle of
Warner's Safe Cure and took it accord-
■
Ing to directions. The first bottle gave
me relief and I bought a second. Be-
fore that was gone I had gained nearly j
ten pounds. I continued taking Safe
Cure, and It cured me.
"I am fifty-nine years old and enjoy
as good health as any man of my nge.
If anyone has kidney trouble and War-
ner's Safe Cure will not cure bin noth-
ing will. I believe It the best and only
cure Cor kidney disease on earth."
Nowhere does the proverb, "Delays
are dangerous." apply with such force
as in kidney derangement. When
Bright's disease has set in the kidney
tissue is breaking down and passing
i away every minute. The strength of
the body is sapped steadily, surely.
Inasmuch as Warner's Safe Cure
alone stops kidney degeneration, should
It not be used without an hour's delay
when pain in the back and head, a cold
skin and had digestion give unmis-
takable warning?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1899.
GOOD WORK OF
WEATHER BUREAU
•
Shipping Men Warned
of Every Storm.
»
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30.— The annual
report of Professor Willis L. Lloore. ohi. '
of the United States Weather Bureau,
deals largely with the work of the bureau
in announcing the temperature of the
closing months of 1898 and in the explora- ;
tlon of the upper air by means of kites i
and cloud observations.
No destructive marine storm occurred
without the danger warnings of the bu
reau preceding the storm.
Probably the most severe storm within !
the memory of the living: swept along '
the Massachusetts coast on Novemoer '
26 and 27. IS9S. entailing a loss of at least j
200 lives and many vessels. Hundreds of
craft soujht a safe anchorage on the ad
vices of the Weather Bureau. An impor
tant change in the forecast work of the
bureau was the extension of the usual
time limits of the night forecast from
thirty-six to forty-eight hours. The only
hurricane In the West Indies during 'he
season of ■.•■ followed closely the estao
lishment of stations in that rvgion. Hur
ricane warnings ere cabled to weather I
bureau stations in the lesser Antilles on
September 111 In advance of the storm. At
Harbadoes eighty-three persons vvete
killed. 15t» injured and property of th«? ts>
tiniatid value of $2.'**}.{w destroyed.
In the West Indies the work if estab- '
lishing a storm warning service was pros
ecuted un ler very gnat difficulties.
The Wes; Indian service was instru
mental In giving advance warnings of a
hurrl< ane that struck our South Atlantic 1
coast on October 2. The coming of this
rtorm was successfully announced nnd
sailing vessels valued at $380,000 were
held in port until the danger had pas*, d.
Climate ar.d crop services have be«n
established In both Cuba and Porto 111 »o
nnd the organization is far i nough .-. l
vanced on both Islands to issue weekly '
and monrhly bulletins giving the con lo
tion of the crops as affected by the I
weather.
CLIFTON E. MAYNE
IS AGAIN IN LUCK
Man Who Made and Lost a Fortune
in Real Estate Strikes a Pay
ing Mine.
OMAHA. Nov. 30.— Clifton K. Mayn<:*«
Omaha friends are pleased to learn of
his big winnings in a lead and zinc deal
near Joplin, Mo. Mayne has had a tem
pestuqua career. Many years ago he was
a telegraph operator in the employ of
the Western Union Telegraph Company
at Omaha. When real estate began to
take an upward tendency along about
low. Mayne. with shrewd foresight an-1
with liitl«« or no capital but an abund
ance of in-rve. K ,,t in on the ground Boor,
and in a few months branched out at a
wonderfully rapid ■ lit.
Mayne soon became the chl it real • ■>•
tate boomer and was rated as a million
a!r«>. He carried on an immense business
employing a lar«»- number of persona He
w«nt int.. the banking business xs a side
issue. He bought a large stock farm and
engaged in raising thoroughbred nor-.-*
more as a recreation than anything else
He >■ • •■.■ i] to have more moncv than
he know what to do with. Ills hand was
In nearly every enterprise, and for n time
hei was regarded^ as a sort of Monte
CrlSto. Ihe rash <-ame at last. M tvne
left Omaha a bankrupt early in ISS? Go
ing westward, following the real estate
boom, he eventually landed in San Fran
cisco and was ■"> on the upgrade rain
15y securing a franchise for a street rail
road for Adolph Sutro to the Cliff (House
he gained the bltt.-r enmity of the iul i
ern raclflc. which owned the Market
street system of street railways. h- also
ran up against the blind political boss
Chris Buckley. The result was that these.
powerful influences downed him
SAMPSON A DEFAULTING
EX-AUDITOR OF CHICAGO
Arraigned in London and a Remand
Granted at the Request of the
American Embassy.
I-« IKDOK. No> M -Michael J. Sampson. .
■I ;it a tillage near Limerick last
Tuesday, on the request r>f the »'hi>t i p.
of <!infT<>. charged with embes
■ •. \\^ arraigned al the Bow stre«-t
I • rl to-day. A remand until Sat
urday wan granted at the r.-<in.-st of tli»
•■•- Embassy.
It is undent 1 that" Sampson is a de- I
I ex-Auditor of the Htv of Chicago
• elpt for MM lire paid for Jewelry!
purchased In Rome and pledged in Dublin,
was l.'iind on him.
JAMES McNABB DEAD.
Was One of Sonoma County's Most
Prominent Citizens.
PETALUMA, Nov. 30.-Hon. James »H.
IfcNabb died to-di v after a short [linen
of neuralgia of th?' heart. Mr. IfcNabb
was one of the "i '■• ■! and moat promi
nent citlzt-ns of Sonoma County. He was
born Sn Sangamon County. 111.. in 1»23, and
came to California In MS, crossing the
plains. *
Jh- followed the pursuit of mining for a
nmnhiT of y»ars. and In IMB came to So-
J\ on \l an<l , short; after entered
the Held of journalism. For nearly forty
rears he was one of the editors "of the
Petaluma Arcus. He served as Postmas
ter of th city under President Harrl-
Ron ,Ji?' l : ' pr V' > i 1 as Suite Senator from 1862
to IM;<. In lh.l he was appointed Deputy
Collector in the Custom-house at San
Franciaeo, which position he held for nine
j,nr 8 . ♦ y.,
Monterey Firemen.
MONTEREY, Nov. 3U.-Th« Monterey
Volunteer lii.- Department has Just
elected oHlccrs for the ensuing year. They
arc: Foreman, L. A. Bhaafele; first assist
ant foreman, F. E. Skinner; second assist
nnt foreman, J. Lackman; secretury Wil
liam Kay Jr.; treasurer, Louis Goldstein
department d r le ». p. Zimmerman'
William Kay Jr.. G. A. Vollmor; elective
committee. \ ictor Carlson. L. 'D Lucy
Joseph Pedro. Louis Goldstein. I* a'
Shanfele. ' .'■-,_
Funeral of Ex-Senator Tipton.
WASHINGTON. Nov. ao.-The funeral
nf Rx-Senator Thomas W. Tlpton of Ne
braska took plaro this afternoon from Ills
Imi rwl<lenc« Th«» Interm.'iu was in
B ck <rtck I'emcicry
BAD BREAK OF
ATTORNEY BELL
Said Buchanan Was In-
sane at Sissons.
MAY RUIN HIS CHANCES
CONFLICTS WITH STATEMENTS
OF WITNESSES.
District Attorney McDaniel Thinks
Buchrainn Was Always Sane,
but Does Not Care What
Happens Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAi'A. N..V *>.— Hugh Buchanan's men
tal conditi<»n appear? to be absorbing the,
attention of the people i>f Napa as much '
as It does that of th<- court and those im- |
mediately engaged In tlic habeas corpus
proceedings In his behalf. Few persons
can be found who behove that the pe
titioner is insane. None who have seen
or spoken with him since the beginning of
the pending proceedings have any doubt
of his sanity.
No one is more confident of the grant-
Ing of the prayer contained in the hai> .'3
corpus writ than Buchanan himself. He
has declared to The Call correspondent
that before the proceedings are concluded
it will i.i shown that: '"it is a far cry
from sriak.-s iii tin* I tS to rats in the
garret." Buchanan has always consist
ently admitted his addiction to convivial
habits and the testim >nj oi some of ihe
nifllcal experts who appeared during tho
trial for murder at Marysville held that
Buchanan was simply suffering from dlp
t^'iiKinla.
Comment to-day was largely devoted to
what is viewed as ■ lerious technical mis
take made bj Dlsti I A.tt< rney B<:i when
be admitted ■ tei that Buchanan was
Insane at the time he wan at SI
CaL, during 1892-tt. Even Bell's :>i<.-n.ls
and co-workers in Buchanan's caus< admit I
be came as near to throwing away
ould with it d ately
doing so. Bell's oi rather Buchanan's
witnesses have invariably testified thai
Buchanan's n.> nditlon is un
changed to-day iroin what It was at the !
time of his commitment to the asylum, i
Gardner's friends ar»- now arguing on !
these facts as follows: If Buchanan's !
condition is unchanged, then, according to !
Bell's admission made in court, he must !
still be insane.
Why Bell made such a sensational ad
mission Is a mystery to friend and foe
He had nothing to gain and it may be the
means of losing his case. If it should be
lost It will be on a i- . however,
and not on Its merits, and will men be
carried to the Supreme Court on ha
corpus. The full sl| of Bell's
"break," as it la being termed, only be
came apparent when it had been
thoroughly discussed and anal i
District Attorney McDanlel of Marys
ville will re until th.- Pr
ings are concluded. H- is firmly of the
opinion that Buchanan h:~ always been
sane, t>ut says be would not care If
ianan were not transferred to the
Vuiia authorities, pnr
he were kept m ilnt for the rest
of his life. He looks upon Buchanan as
a dangerous person to !■•• at large, ami
that he does not care whether
Buchanan is confined In an asylum <>r ,i
jail.
Among th*> witn< -• - who have
subpenaed on behall ■ ; Di Gardner from
Marysvllle are Drt S J. s. Rogers, .1 M
i ■ad B. K. S Attorneys Car
lin. Forbes and Belcher. Its Elogers and
Barr were members •>! the lunacy com
mission which found Buchanan Insane.
Dr Stone testified in line with Dr. Gard
ner's opinion ;i":h1 the attorneys nameii
Buchanan In the murder trial.
More than usually interesting develop
ments lected at the pro
ceedings to-morrow when I ( r. Gardner
will probably take the stand
REVOLUTIONISTS GAIN
GROUND IN COLOMBIA
Details of Movements of Liberals Are
Lucking, but It Is Believed They
Are Awaiting Outside Aid.
X IN' ;st< tN, .! mal i, Nov. ML < '
Man .:■ ■ Ived here i>y the steamer
: - iy the revolution is spread
ing throughout the Colombian republic.
Details as to the movements of the I -i t • — '
. but ;he stereotj i"->i cen
cable dii . !.itii:K i.. Oov- :
are discredited, th>- fact
being that the main bodies of the Insur
gents are avoiding action until the i
huiuti -;til\ organised.
bands of rect nits hai a
• i .t few se^ ere reverses
■uttered ■ n the water, but the
Insurrection Is noi even fullj launched yet
tly awaiting further im
portaiit • ;tsid<- aid, presumably Venezu
elan, which, it is asserted, la delayed ow-
Ing to the outbreak of the counter revo- j
■ ■ . ■
HEROISM REWARDED.
Resolutions Presented to William and
Rudolph Lichenberg nnd Fred
Hoffer.
SAN H \TAKI.. Nov. Ul— The thrp.- hoyo '
wh<> sii heroically rescued ■ number of;
.-■ n i r» ii children from tlif bhizhiK Belbbrne
Bchool building on April O last, w.-rt- paid
a fhtinj; tri!.:-< ' i-t «-v>i;i:iK at tho Hall
i:.ir: t.it .'i
William ii. and Rudolph C. Lichenberg
ar.'! Fred J. Hotter, the youths In ques
tion, »r<- all members of Mount Tamal
paii Parlor No. 64, Native Sons «.f th.-
Golden West, and in honor <>f that fa<'t
trlor, through J. EJmmet Hayden,
.■ith handsomely engrav
ed resolutions, commending th.-ir bravery
and un»elflf \ •
'i'lic occasion chosen for presenting the ,
resolution was a Thanksgiving eve »»ntor- •
talnment and ball, Ki\»'ii i>\ thf> i>arli>r at
Hall l'..ifa<! The programme ", r exercises
v>a« under ih< supervuion "f w s Drey
polcher and Included some of the best
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
M? to 350 Geary I treet. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. nOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND PIO IRON.
J. C WII CU\ fr A 90 ° Battery Street.
J- V- IL^Unl & \Af- . Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Kurt. H. BLYTHE. Mar.
CW DIM 111, and Plumbing. Steamboat
•"• Jill 1 11, and g h ip Work a Specialty. II
, and IS IVathlncton at. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS R C(l Shipping Butcher*. 104
JAJ- DulCjtt Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
J. 11. LUrMAU, ,t>i,i io , t pet. m od «linj.
ir:>n FOUNDERS. v
WESTERN FOUNDRY. K.°! m ££2i
•t. Casting of Every Description Mad* to
Order. Tel. Black i;<S.
PAPER DEALER*!.
WIT I AMPTTP I'LLI' AND PAPER CO..
HlLLAfllfcl It 7K Montgomery at.
PRINTIN3.
E-CHUCHES, .üß.SSgJg^r.
•t- nUjnCj. 611 Fans. me B t.. 3. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T ' ;*T, hIJ PARTRIDGE * c £gg > »
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. bla!£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Ita GREEN
I RIVER COLLIERIES. I* the Beit Coal In (a*
I market. Offlc* «ad Yard*— Main street.
amateur talent on tho coast. A feature
most keenly enjoyed by the audience was
a number of longs by the Press Club
quartet. The entertainment was followed
by dancing.
Th- success of the entertainment and
ball was largely due to the diligent labor
of the following committees: Floor Man
ager ~H - B. Hock. Reception committee—
\\. F. Magee. Thomas .1. Fallon. \V. J.
Eden, Kmm»-t Hayden and A. E. Scott.
Floor committee— D. J. Haley. Eugene
Connell Charles Dufficy, J. L. Haley and
George Herzog. -^
REV. W. F. ANDERSON
DEFENDS BIBLE CRITICS
Says That Coming Generations of
Christians Will Be Grateful
to Them.
ST. :LOUIS. Nov. 30.— The fourth day's
session of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Congress began to-day with a dnscussion
of the church and the higher criticism.
Rev. W. F. Ander.«on of Sing Sing. N.
V.. defended the critics, believing that
the coming generations will be as grateful
to them as we are now grateful to the
pioneers in Christianity. The speaker as
serted that If we .-ire to liavt a theo4ogy
which will satisfy the demand! of the
age it must be a theology founded on
fact. Any fair-minded, thinking man, said
he, must admit that many Inaccuracies
occur in the Bible.
Referring to the attitude of some
churchmen toward the higher critics Dr.
Anderson said It was very easy for a man
who had not read a book since IS3O to
stand on and throw stones at the dili
gent students of the present day. "We
cannot, said he, "save the old frame
work; neither Is it necessary that we
should; but the old spirit of early Meth
odism still prevails— brotherhood, per
sonal service and universality."
FIRE IN PORTLAND.
Stores in the Blum.ieur Block Badly
Damaged.
RTLAND, N Fire to-day in
the Blumaeur Block, i>n the i
Fourth and M
Drpperty valued at 123,000. The losw
fully covered l>y Insurance.
The lirius daaoaged :tr.': Bwetland &
Bon, '•. ..:• i tloners; a. J ;
clothiers; Blumaeur \- Frank I>r>K
pany; Mary Hernett, lod^ing-h
For the Paris Exposition.
WASHINGTON, Nov. M>.— Ferdinand
I'f-k, Commlutoner Qcneral to th<
Exposition, had ■ brief Interview with
President McKlnley ihl« afternoon and
!"ft Immediately for ( Phe steam
er I'r.iiri.- will leave Hidtlmorp an.l N..r
f>.ik !i»-x- \wf!i for France, carrying the
first shipment of tbe Government oxhlbit
and will return In January for another
shipment
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$5.00.
Actual retail value *6 to $7.50.
MIDDY SUITS for boys 3 to 9
years. First-class as to fabrics,
fit and fashion— thoroughly well
1 made ; assortment large and satis-
tying.
To-day and Saturday, ti I 10 p. m.
No goods retailed outside ot city
and suburbs.
Brown Bros. & Co.
Who -'..■ Ciot'ing.
Retailing : "Direct f-om Mil! t3 Man 1
121-123 Saneome Street
- -
rfijpc^fiyjjv*. I will guarantee
JS"'^jfsTi^^ that my Kidney Cure
AZZ&^fv&k will cure so per cont.
£&/ of *'' forms of kldne y
»£? <^N| oomplalnt «'. 1 In
.ist^^ many Instances the
Pf !*?fo~'i&??z3' most serious forms of
V Tr UV3T Brlght's disease. If
'i /"jm^w *IJOl JO disease Is com-
\._*~?S&B plicated send a four-
>f>^TW^. ounce vial of urine.
PU »^tßlfitSf *V*y a:. 'l advise you free
'< *^1 I Mr what to do.
' 1 r IiUNTOK.
It all Irugzicti. 2Se. a »1«1. Me to Health
I arfi in<-iit.-»i a<Mco <r.« 1505 Arch St.. Phils.
REYNOLD'S
Gout or Rheumatism, if on the first approach
of the paroxysm tiny have recourse to tin- rein-
nly; then, a single doM is often tafllclent>
v- ForuKiLtxcu., au«sox. William m..v.»-.
[ DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.HVER.LLrVGS.
vJ^-mk rw dir * for Uonorrliao,
JgO/ty OL'UEh -<SS Glact. p« r ra ntn t orrhij-aT
MSDkj? Ij Ito 4 dtT "-^a Whites, CM.il .n 1 li*.
MVAJf Oc»ront»'l '3 rhiirifM, or any infla-iinia-
fl**i not to itrtator*. tion. irritation or v. -r»-
P>-^gfrateatß eaau^aa. tlcn rf m noon s mem-
y r,;fEv<NSCHEMi-'ii Dp. brands. Non-«uitriD(rT.t.
TfIHACiSC:*NATI,O.[3BBS| Stold *»■■» BrujntM*,
' • > Jff&T llf il> t> t ''J pUId "r«pp#>r.
H lou ' " r J bottiiT'Sa.Ta.
'^■P'V ■ Olrcutat a«bt ub »j«rj*
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND. .
BUTTE. HELENA, ST. PAUL,
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
'pur ONLY LINE OPERATING ' A
through tourist car from 3. F. to St. Paul.
This car Is nicely upholstered In leather and
has every convenience of a tlrst-class Pullman.
Call on or, address
T. K. STATELER. Gen. Ajrt.. 638 Market St..
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
1 The CHRISTMAS 1
CEWTURY
I i
:f: Rich in the kind of Literature
| that makes THE CENTURY |
I THE GREATEST I
§ MONTHLY PERIODICAL I
I OF THE WORLD" 1
Splendidly Illustrated
RAILROAD TRAVEL. I
Fly Across
the Continent
ON THE
OVERLAND
LIMITED
i
LEA VCS
SAN FRANCISCO L I.V
ARRIVES
CHICAGO ■" a: "* Dgt :a
...71 Hours
An Elegant Solid Vestibulrd Tnin of
Composite Car, with Library, Smoking j
Parlor, Buffet, ct\ Luxurious Double'
Drawing-room Sleeping Cars, Dining
Cir.
Al«o through Drawing-rocm Car and
D ; n«r or Dfover via Salt Lake City.
THE OWL LIMITED from Southern ;
| California connects with the Overland
Limi'-d at Port Costa.
Prompt connections at Denver, Omaha
! and Chicago with limited trains tor other
I Eastern ciri?*.
THE FASTEST OVERLAND service
: in the history of transcontinental rail-
roading.
For folders and mor? complete Infor-
mation call at Southern Pacific Passen-
ger Office.
IIIHII IMCinC -COMPANY.
(PACIFIC i v ■»! ■»i i
TTmlii" lfi«*« mill Mr* ilm> In nrrlt* »l
NAM I'lMXlftt'ii.
(llain I.ii Foot of Harket Street)
leave — From Xovr.vr.ru IS, 1339. — arriti ,
•7:00.\ H. ncl B:iU'.:n ami .Sacramento.... •7:l.t|»
n all. V&cifilloantl Kun-.vy.... *7:IAr
•7:UOa Shasta i:i|u-»-- lu»ii. Willows.
Bad Biufl. V rtlacd »7:tir
•7:3«» >I»rtincx, ItatßOU, V«ll«-Jo. Napa,
L'atUtoca en. l ;san:a i:.>---. . ••:!.■»!• i
••:3m Thu (iTcrlaii.l Uoiitcd— Ogdaa, Dcn-
ter. Omaha. Chlcag" ••Virir
*ai.'to« San Juse, Liicrruura, Hlnrktmi,
lone. Haeramtutn. rUc-nllle.
MnrjiTlllf. Clilco. Kinl i:iulT *lil.lr i
•1:50* 'Milton. UakUale awl Hooon *<:ISr
•»:«•!« lliTwar.lj. SlUiaoU Way Ht«tlons. •! I: t.l«
•i»-ooa Atlantic T i Ogileti and Ka«t ■li:l">«
•«:««» Martinet, Trier, LatfiropL Stockton.
Mitc'ml ami rresoa .. •l»:l.lr '
•»»<»» I'ortC'oaU. I rrnno. M..J»t» and U,n
Aiikfl.-. # ll:l5p
•IO:OOa Vall.jo. 'i,. •• an IWayHU' *0:l."»f
•I ■ :•»»» llaj\r*rJji. Niir* an<l Way Suiioim. *^:!3r
•|-4!:OUm Kilea, I.ireruicrc. Ktuek'nn, -a- 'A
mruto. Mc:idota. lianforil. Vi ..I*.
I'crtertille "I:l3r
«I:«O ■ S.i-riiivi-iifii l:iTrrSl»Miunii . <1:llllr
•;{:O«i- UaywardajNilcsand Way hiti.n ». *»»*»l
*4tO»i* Martinez, San ISanmn, Vallojo,
Napa, Caltstoea, NmiU Kon 'Hill*
•l:««r Denickk, VaotTlllr. HacraiiMi
W.i Hitand. KuteliU l.un-ili:;.
Mit.jHWll.-. Oi,.«i 1.-. . *l»:fl«
Mi*tr Ni'-v I laJnaoaiHlUtnebtoi '7:i."\r
*»*•»> Owl Umiteil-.Tiucy. Fmmo. ,
lljkrniHelil. Ha>ip« for Kant-» lUr-
bora, I.- i ArciUii . ••»:1.-»v
•SiaWr stocktoo, M.r.. I. r*»e«no M-Mlr
•.->:;««> i l'lrsim. lUkMsfialil. Haul* ITaiimn,
l.i.i Anßrles, l>emli-c 1.1 I'-.0.
NewOrleaiMamlKaal ••:«!«
•.-».:i«i- H«i,t;l 1., limiln— Altaiilia Kti.irsa
for ■ •••.•■• iiiml lla.t ... -«:«-»r
•OiliOr IJayvririN. Ni!i i »>A : m Ji»e *7»4!iA
I«:;iiii- Vailoju .. a l*tl9r '
•••Say Oriental afail-Og enai I I . • 'S:r.or i
JTjOOk Va!. ■ . Turt OtMtaaml Way Mta-
Mm |#:Mr !
•»io3r or. ;;..i. an.l Caltl ml» Kipr«*a,Mao>
in. .mi. In. llatyt " Ci-Kllnc,
1'...r1i..,.1. 1'.i...> - I i.,,.) i:».t »H:l.i4
COAST I»IMn|(»n (Xarran TTaan).
il ■'.[."! ■ S'.n-.t.) (
■Si I A Newark. UtnitcrrlllcHariJoM, Kvltooi
lloulilcrl.'ri eh, Saul* Cruz enil Way
HUtltiim Mis**
\Ut l »ir Newark Cantcrvllla. Kaii.loee. Hi ■»
Alnm.l. ii. Kttltou, lUmMrr Crrok.
Hantn Cruz an I I i.i deal Way
Htatlon* I" -.<>»
•iti.ir »:..»«rk. Man J .LoaUatoa •NMt
i :».">!• HllßtCfa' Ricursho, San Juao ami
' Way Hutl.jvw ;: '"*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY!
rrcmStM ri4IOISCO— F.i c! Bsrfclt Strnl(S!i? 8)—
•7:15 l»00 ii(.tnu. :::: •::: t3:CB
•4:00 13:03 •C:C3..u.
rr«mOHI.*IIB-Fotl»rili«ii Ij».i.--r1 j».i.--r no moo 1QOO».«.
|12:C3 '1:00 |2:CO •::: :i:: •3:;3r.M. j
COAST IU VISION (Br*aa(iM
( Thlnl nml TowuWihl Mi.) '
t«:l«>\ Ocoan Vi»« .SouMi nan l-rauci^o.. toillop
illH Sjii torn «,.,! Way HtaUnM (New
All., ad. ii \V«,li.iv.l;i3ii.lj) •I:BO»
•ViOOa N^ii .1,*,.. Trci I'lucta. s.nt i Cruz.
Fa U (Jr. i.e. |*aan I', bit 1 >tn
l.tii* OU»|(>. Si.if. I.ia.l<^ ai..t
I'ii. .-I|.hl Way HUtlmtl M:!or
•lOiHU i .)..«<• Ml I Way SUtlnns •■• •■•I.lla
•ll::nu Kau J<«« an.l Way Htatlon* *3iUUr
|«ra»r Ban Mat",,. irr,U..o). .Mrnlo Park,
Palo Alto. Want* Clara, K<ii.t.'«e,
"• Trcs I'inor s., '* < mm BaHaaa,
&iouterey ami I'aeiilc i.r i- tin 4
f*::t<»r >an.1..vai..l Way HUtions *7<3Or
-an.l. -.-a.:. 1 Principal Way.Sutlotn *9:13*
t"»:l»0r BaaJoaoaod I'ri ■ Ipal V._; Sutiona ♦O:O«» '
•4«30r nau.loiaaniirrindi>al Way Station* *N:3.la '
•tt:3lirBanJooaaml Way Smtl.nis «H:OOa
Ml .lay San Joaa anil Way ■-?Uti..in *7i:tOr
A for Moruing. 1* for Afternoon. " j
• Dally. t Siin.lajr eic«pte<l. I Uunday only.
I Hatnrdar ' n y.
MOUNT TA^AIPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausaltto Ferry.
Week Day*— 9:3o a. m. an.l I:4} p. m.
Eur.daya — 10:00 a, m. and 1:1} p. m
Bteara-beated. closed en. on ail train*.
Far*— baa Francisco to Eusamlt and Itttura.
n 40. .
RAILROAD TBAVZL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Font of Market 6c
BAN-rnAN-CISOtTTTJ SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAY 3--7.10. ».00, ll:C0 a. m. . 12:O»
130, 5.10, •*0 p. m. T\iur»Uaya— Extra tr«.>
at 11 :30 p. m. Sat Extra trip* at IJ*
and 11 so p. m
ByNDATB-«:C0. »:M. 1100 a. m.: 1 Ja. IJ».
• :00. *:2ti d. m
SAN HA FA TO BAN FT^NCTBCO.
%\EEK days— « it, i:M. . 30, irn*. m :a,
8:40. 5.10 p. m S*tari!ay*— Extra trip* a*
1 lj and <:U p. m.
BT-NI»AYB-S:l«. »:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40, IM. » Oft,
<:2S D. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Scfc'istg.n Park
Mini ach^dula a* a!-.ve.
I^avo I ArrtT9
'* t'Va^clsco. In Effect San rrane!ae«,
■ October IS. ...
Week Sun- MM S»ua- Wewls
Days. Cay: Destination day*. Day*.
I:'" in 1:10 an Korato 13:44 am I:4* *m
1:20 pm 3SO am Petaluma. 8:05 pm.lo:U ana
1:19 pm {06 pm Eaata Kosa, lilipm IS pa
Fulton.
I:» am Win *i r. 19:23 aia
H««ld»burr.
I-ytton.
Ge>-B«rvUle.
yrJO pm 8:00 am CloveTdala. 7Spm • ■•? pr»
f :S0 am Ilopland and
1:00 am Lklah. TV pa 1:22 pm
T JO am 10:^ an»
1:00 am auern.Tll!.. 7:3 i pm
ISO pro «:ttpra
t:IO am' 1:00 am Sonoma H:43 am l:Ota
and
1:10 pm 8:00 pm' Glen Ellen. I M pnn «T2 rrr»
7:?0 am' t:0<) r.m fietaatopol. 19:40 am 10:2-* ara
1:30 pmi 8:00 pm I 7:33 pmj > 23 pm
Stages rir.n»rt at Santa ft ■*■ for Mark West
Sprin** »:..! White Sulphur .-; :ir.r<. at I«> t: •»
(or Lyti Sprtn*:*: at Gey*enrtll« for P'.a.:»«
Eprtr>»ca: Ht Cl<-ver<iale for the Oey»er*; at Hop-
land for Dun<-an Spring*. llU'nUr 1 Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs Hod* Day. Lak««
port and Itertlett Siring*; at L'klata for Vichy
KprlnK*. Saratoga Sprint*. Ulue I*akea. I.iir-l
L>-!1 I Alt*, Witter Fprlnn*. I'pper L«k<». I*nrr.o.
Potter Valley. John Day*. Illver»ide. LferUy'*
Ducknrtl'*. SanhMrln it- i-:.- Ilullrtlla. Orr*a
Hot EprlnK*. ilend.>clno Clry. Fort Bracr.
Wo*tnort. L'*al. WlHltt*. L*ytr>nvllle. Cural
tains; •. WtTl Spring*. Hams. Olaen'a. Dyer,
•rctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at ra-
4uced rate*.
On Sunday round trio ticket* to all lota
fMTund San t'.afa-l at half ratea
Ticket Office*. »S0 Market it.. ''hrealrl* bid*.
XL c WHITINO. R. X. r.T«
General Manac*r G*a. Paas. Aztot,
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
Th» fa«tert train, runr.'r.f orer th«» N»«t mti-
road. with the hlfh»»t cla#s accomnrdatlons.
Connectlne train leaves Han Francisco &t
I 00 p. m.
MOMDAT. WEDNEDDAT. FHIDAT. SATC^DJIY.
Arrivtnir tn <hin«-n n t 2:!5 p. m.
FRIDAY SUSOAT. TUEBDAT. WEDXIBDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the rear. Pullman Pale • an<l
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Molt
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and th« East
I JO p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford Vlaalta.
Tulare and I!aker*flelJ. farnlshea good lisa]
train Mrtlc*.
Ban Francisco office. €3 Market «.. Ulephoaa
Main 15.11. »«-b»
Oaklari office, mj Brnaiiway.
Cacramento office. 111 J *tre«t.
Ean Joe. of f.i • 7 We*t Santa Clara s*r*«t.
HOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via a«.mum Not*,
Commenctnir October 1 igaa
rP.OM BAN KRAN«ISCO TO MILL VALLM
ANI» SAN RAFAEU VAU * B *
•3:40. i:IS. « -to. C:2O p. •»». U.oo a. m• in
■:tf. i:1 ™ ' n ***
EXTRA TRIFS-F.r Mill "alley and San R*.
fael. on Monday*. Wednesd/ -• and Satur^T
at >:C0 and 11:30 p. m. a*turuaya,
SUNDAYS— 'I:OO. *lOM. "ll:*) a. m.' 1-ii
1:15. •<:«. *:SO. »:OT p. m. * lmU *
Train* nmrk-1 «•» run to Ran Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN tT.ANCMrft
WEEK DAYS-5:23. S3. 7:45. •***}?„',
Ki:V>. 2:li. 'JMO. 'SMS p. m. ** m " J
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wedneaday* .at
Eaturday* at «:4i> and 10:JS A m . an ** aajri *"4
SUNDAYS— «:2O. M:CO. 'JO^, •11*1 a. m .
•1:40. •!:«, 4:45. •*:*) p. m. "■•
Train* marked «•) .tart from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FIUVCHro
WEEK DATR-5:43. 145. 7:65 J:« ,-"£?.
11:35. 2:J5. 5:45. 6:» p. m . "' aW *•
■£S&Ti 'Wan.«u y .. M
■AfW?; *■ m: li:06 - 1:U - >:II «'
THRoron TRAIN'S.
1:00 a. m. week day»-<:aia<leroand waystattona.
i:4op. m. Saturdays-Tomale* and fay .tat "Sl*
l:tOa. m. aunday»-Tomale. and way "t«tiC"m!
/^^V I*r.(»ibbon*H Dispensary,
Dr. j. * . «IB"oV." o 7"s«fd*Sft° a S2JiMay-vvarcU, Oakland
CALLS MILLS A HUMBUG
WITH LOW INTELLECT
"Christian Advocate" Strikes
Hard Blows.
T he Orthodox Church Organ Opens Up on
the Oakland Unitarian Pastor for
His Change of Denomination.
B. i part of
his time while he was aetir.s as in evangelist nnd there 5? no reason
to heileve that he is otherwise now. The state of mir.<l that would
enable a i<:an to practice such deceit nf'vr he had ceased to
bellev© the doctrines most precious to those with whom he
labored i", in view of the largesses people lavish upon the popular
evangelist, quite compatible with his pos:ponir.« his change so long because
ne could not m fiord to cut himself !<>o«=o from Lhe sources of his revenue. A
man who char.gr* his fundamental beliefs at ■ ... it and takes the
consequences is to be respected, but the one who. having changed, conceals
•t for fear or lucre. Is to be despised.
It is understood in nr>st«.n that Mr. Mills disappointed those who expected
anything permanently ofToctiv-' or protcoUve of the so-called faith. The fact
that he had changed his attitude drew a concourse for a little while. Hut
his Intellect and acquirements nre so fat inferior to those of must Unitarian
ministers That he could not permanently attract persons competent to ap
preciate them, and the shailo^jjess of hi* moral nature in the absence ><f
the support derived from the established churches with which he labored,
qualifies him to be only a p?eudo-ref<>rm.-r.— K.liiorial in the Christian Ad
vocate of New York von-erning Rev. It.-njarnin Fay Mills, pastor of the
First Tnltarian Ohurch of Oakland.
A
■
■
■ ■
km ■ rid I* i
tract • . • ■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Nov. 30.
THE uttered by Rev. I>r. E.
11. Dllle. pastor of the First M. E.
church. In a sermon several Sun
days ago, directed against Rev.
Renjamin Fay Mills, the noted
I'nharian divine from Hoston. on
his advent into the pulpit <«f the First
I'nitarian Church of Oakland, has re
solved Itself Into s controversy that has
apparently reached further than the re
motest anticipations indicated at its ln
< eptlonJ Moreover the affuir has fur
nished one of the most rensational mor
sels that has ever been torgued In local
church circles.
In a recent answer to Dr. l>Hie's ser
mon. Rev. Mr. Mills put forth many de
;.'.al« to the charge of Inconsistency in
doctrine* hi* change of front. In that re
pl) be -^ald doctrine would care for itself;
that it is the essence of Infidelity to
j>. !•<» as a guardian of the truth, and con
tludir.g that when he "gave himself to
i'.<><\ he put his reputation in." For a time
the controversy lulled, but the editorial
rxpr<>?'.<,r. above quoted has again fanned
Into i T'.ame the embers that .--eenioJ wan
niK in heat.
Mr. Mills was seen to-n'.gh*. at his home
In I'U flsnont, where he now has his fam
ily with him. \Vn»ti shown the clipping
:r. m tho Christian Advocate he volun
teered the statement that Dr. Buckley
war- :io doubt the editor who had thus
hurled invective, and that presumably
l«r. Buckley had obtained his cue from
ihe a:tack made recently by Rer. Dr.
Ijine.
"I r.^vcr make reply to any personal at
tacks aii;i havt> no «le«tre t<. an«wer Dr.
Buckley/ said Rev. Mr. Mills to-night. "In
[act. 1 never volunteer replies t-» such
matters. If the Fontlmen; expressed In
:r..-it «'«Jiti.riiil is as the man thinks, I
puppoM h«* feels that he ought to tell the
people, lie has that right. If he thinks in
this way to warn pc >p!e. why let him go
ahead. I don't consider that it hurts me.
If 1 thought it did. 1 should .alee an ap
proprlaiti reply to It.
*"i ' v !■*?, 1 do not want to enter Into
eontruv< is->. My desire i« to liberate from
mental enslavement und 1 regard any one
of mr jirrjient ►eTnuins as possessing more
Inspiration and helpful power for those
who wi;i htar than the many wrmons I
delivered in this city s-e\cn years sro.
\Vh:le 1 do not love orthodox people less.
1 love humanity more. As f<>r my calum
niators. I feel only klndm-«5 for them.
When 1 raid in n recent interview that
mr charge to try present beliefs had been
gradual. 1 »r. I»ille thought that I must
F.ave been hypocritical when I
In the M«-thodi«<t church before. Well, we
are all children, and if pome believe that
by stirring up cntrovi-rsy they serve God
jrroperiy. v«ry welL I frankly admit that
this editorial is pretty fevtre. but it 2s
jiut worthy a r< ply.
"An to my not J»ir.g posseted of puttY
clrnt lnt«-ll«-ctu:il requirements to preach
!n th« Tnltarlan church. I would klndly
nr.d without the fllght«-??t ri««.Jre to appear
rritl>al recall th* fa«t that in the past
they used to regard n»e intelilg^nt enough
to preach In ihe M'thodfst church. I !»♦■
lleve In <'athr»llrs bdnsj Catholics, und I
beileve In r-earchlng f<«r truth. As to my
I n«t nctlrns. I have only to say that I
•raft JuM growing, and I «m s:tl!l growlns:
orthodoxy 1« pro wing: the whole world is
growing. W<- are constantly advancing."
In reply to othrr questions asked Mr.
SAJII* fa!d:
"My ♦h^olnitira? development has he*ri
nn evolution and I have openly preached
the be?t gospel I knew at the time, not
taking into consideration .... of cons*»-
Middy Suits
fcr boys 3 to q v? ars.
Retail valu? SCSI) to 57.50.
To-day and Saturdiy, Al* (\f\
including Saturday \*\ I! 111 1
night OJiUU
High-class all-wool fabrics, in all
th • latest patterns, colorings and
styles. A wholefale assortment
Brown Bros. Co.
Wh3!et»'« Mtr.u'»C^'Jf«n cf Clrt»-|»g,
R»ts ; lir.f "Frow Will to W»n Clt»ct,~
121-123 SansomeStreet
I quences. Moreover. I propose 10 continue
along those lines.
"As to the frequent charge made that I
preached eternal punishment seven year 3
ago and claim now thru I no longer hold
that belUf, I would say that I have never
anywhere stated that 1 did not formerly
believe in the possible loss of the soul or
the moral consequences of sin in tho per
sistence in it. Hut I did say that when I
was 2" years old I renudiatt-d the doctrine
of "eternal torment." Nor have I over
meant to violently attack orthodox
churches, I dire say that nine-tenths of
i the substance of all true preaching \s on
therms that would be appropriate any
where, and many of my present sermons
would not be inappropriate in an orthodox
church.
"I <ay frankly that I deplore contro
versy and I hope what I have =aid may
be as I wish it— expressed in all kindness
and far from anything that may be In
terpreted as critical."
GOOD OLD SENTIMENT
AT PRETTY ALCAZAR
The Third Chamber Music Concert of
the Holmes Quartet Looked
Sufficient Practice.
The Alcazar management d'lß into the
ftrchlves of ancient dramatic •works that
have :l mellow tlnpe and Rot hold of
".Saints and iMnT.ers."' I have always had
a certain prejudice regarding sentimental
plays, and the aforementioned literary
concoction Is sentimental In the hlphest
deprce. Jt Is one of those sobbir.s affairs
that water your eyes and keep you sigh
ing; Ju«t for amusement, and In th« mean
time y<->u iir n supposed to forget your own
troubles. That is at k-ast what you Ren
erlly co to the theater for. There was a
tim»» when sentimentality played a great
role In the dramatic arena, but those tlmea
are passed and we want to laugh now. It
floes not make much difference what we
are supposed to lnu^h about, as long as
we ran laugh. TiiHt Is the reason why
"My Friend From India" was such a
great success and '."Saints and Sinners"
Is not oulte as profitable.
Somehow th? cast seems to be affected
with this same dreary sentiment whi< - l>
characterizes th<> play. • Eugene Qrmondo
la miscast as the old minister. In his en
de-nvnr to be an old man he overdoes the
rart. and with tremblinjr voice and hands
he wobbles through his part. <\ F. Mon
taine does n«'t like to be a villain, and
hence his fierceness rlr.es not sound fre«*
and natural, of course Marie Howe i«
always good, no matter what she under
takes, and character parts are her strong
point, hence her I.ydia Is one of the fea
tures of the play.
The artistir work Is done by Oortruile
Poster, who has a fine conception of tho
Unlucky I.*tty Fletcher. It la gratifying
to Jintl Miss Foster devoid of that simper
ing mannerism which trading women gen
raily assume in roles of this kind. She
knows exactly h.jw far she, can go. and
consequently her audiences never- lose In
terct In tlic action of the play. Frank
opperman. a new acquisition to the Alca
zar aEKregatlon, does a hit of excellent
character work. His Lot Hurton Is orig
inal as we!l as realistic and the bluntne.su
with which he delivers his strong lines Is
ccmical to an artistic deproe. He Is a
very Ftrontr support t.» tho company.
Great inicrest is beins taken In the pro
duction of Francis Powers' new play.
"Mother Karth." which receives Its first
performance next Monday evrnlnp. This
will be a enla nlßht at the Alcazar, as
the swell set will turn out to greet Mr
Brujiuirrc's music.
Th* third chamber tnu«lr concert by the
Holmea Quartet took place at Century
Hall on Tuesday afternoon. It was not as
pood as the pr«*c<-din« ... a
lack of practice, 'i her<» »aj« a timidity
prevalent which prevent*! a clean rendl"
tlon of the selections. Th» most ambltioua
numbor »>n the progrnmnu* was the Schu
mann, plnno fnilntet. wherein Miss Ernes
tine Goldmann played the piano vorv 11 111 1 -
tfUUrently. !«howlnß herself capablY of
forming a valuable member In ensemble
work. Harry CJiraM was the vocalist and
although proving himself possessed of a
stron* and rln»;inp barytone, which he
uses with much temperament, his accom
panist was not oxiwrlenced enough to
support him proporiy.
ALFRED METZGER
The first substantial response to the
managers' proclnmatlon of a benefit per
formance consisted of a ntty^dottai check
by C. H. Stntie ot the S.in Francisco
Ftrcwerlos. The chock was sent to Mr.
Meyerfeld Wednesday. The Interest Jn th«
prand benefit Increases every day,- and
there I* every slpn of a packed house.
The sale of scats for the cram] sym
phony concert, which will take place .it
the Grand Opera-house next Thursday
nft«rnoon, will be opened this morning at
Sherman * Oay's music store. •-• the
frlce. of tickets Is but from 25 cents to
I DO. there will DO doubt be a large
d
ThanKsgivini? M the Chutes
The school rhldren of San Francisco are
the mie-KtH rt thp Chute» management
durtnjr the Thankffflvlnf? holidays, and
from 10 o'clock y«*sl»rday morning till 11
o'clock at nii?h- over SOoO of the younc
liti'ru. their relatives and friends passed
throußh the turnstile*. So sreat was the
crowd that it was necessary to give two
matlmts In Iho th*-nt»*r— one at half-past
12 and the other at half-past 2.
_,« m »
Kings Daughters' Sale.
OAKLAND. Nov. :♦).— l ' - Kliiß ■
D.TJiKliters will hold a pale of fancy
articles to-morrow nilfht at the Tenth
avenue : ;.ti<«t Church. The proceeds
will ro toward ■:•■.■.- the expense of
furnishing a room at the King"* Daugh
•>■:;■ 1 .
THE SAN 1 KAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, IM>O.
Alameda County News
CHILDREN WILL BE WELCOME.
I'NOPOSED BUiLDiNJ FOR HOME-FINDING SOCIETY.
BBRKKLET, NOV. 18.— The mfmhers of ihf ihlMr^n's Home Flndlnß So
r to complete th»» fund r.r.
ng at the own home, In fiMdmj; bom
thy fnniili> ; ians and hom< - t is at tlm«a
rj to keep the child] home, and lh« i>!.in now
to baild a lvme which will serve as ■ itltation for
Th*> late P. K. Bhattuck of Berkeley ihort
■ • ■treet, aear tt^
■ • ■ ■ line from
.
Material and funds have already been contributed as a liOßinnlnp by the
public, which li In sympathy with the pood work of the society. A building
committee has been appointed, and any gifts or money may be paid to It
or sent to the State superintendent. Rev. \V. It Brayton, '•.•". Market street,
?un Krancisco. or to the society treasurer. S. B. dunk president of the
<;<irden City Bank. San Jose.
LIXOR WINS STAKE
AT UNION PARK
from F. urth Page.
Master Claire beat Mac's Melody; Lily of the
West a bye.
Fourth ties— lily of the West b»at Master
Claire; Wild Trale« a bye.
Ftn.il-Llly of the Went beat Wild Tralee.
UNION i-AHK. DRAW.
An e!ghty-dog stake will be the card at
I'nion Coursing Park this week. A totaJ
of J7CS Is offered in prizes, divided as fol
lows: To the winner 1115, runner up $75.
third 18, two at $.15 each, five at $2'J, ten
at $15 and twenty at $10. Coursing will
commence to-morrow upon the arrival of
the !2.iio train and Sunday upon the ar- ■
rival of the 10:15 train. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Kufstl!. All*-n & Wtl«oa"» Master Claire vs.
Curtis & Son'? McKtnley; V. J. li<?al«y'a Lady
riare vs. • -!.« Kennels' Royal Anne; J. Den
nis" October Woodcock vs. J. 1' (.'ardinail'M
Thornhill Compt; T. J. Cr<>nln'a Rose Of Tra
lce \». <?urti!« & Son'a Caval!»r; J. I>tckhon'B
LHack Bern vs. Stcry & KnowleS* Frosty Mgrn
J. McCormick'a Hair Uraln vs. J. Kenneay'M
i:ver Sur»; Curtl» & Son's Vanity Fair vs. J.
McCortnlck'B Black Daisy Oate Prunros"); T.
J. CrODln'a Wild Tralee vs. Handy & Smith's
IJa: Curtis & Son's ■ash vs. J. Kennedy's
Nlglit Time; Aeneid K»nr.e!»' I'rctender v».
Tunis i: Son's t.'onnni'di're: E. & It. Scott's
I. ■!■■'. U>ron vs. Bterl & Knowles' O'Hara;
ltUJß^ll. Allen At Wilson's I-ady Kmmi vs. W.
Trade's Wonrttrlnjt Tim; Handy & -tilths
Victor Qu*» j n vs. J. Kerrigan's Conqueror; D.
Chella'* GoJdcn Hu««el vs. J. M. lialton's
Lavender; J - l»- Kuf>»' Just Tip vs. J. Carroll's
Ued Hind; F. A. McCcmb's Une Spot vs. W.
C. Glusson's Terrcnite'; • "urtis & Bon' a Nar
ci«sus vs. E. ■■•■-■..• ; J. J. Eil
1 r.jonds' Morning Glory vs. J. J. Edmonds'
Whisky Hill; l'aly & Sitbeln'a Shy lock Boy
vs. F. Moran'n False Flatterer; Hrwin A;
Lyons' Silver Lyon v*. Aeneld Kennels' A« |
mfmnon; I>. il. Kellogg-'s Sweet Emma vs.
T. J. Crontn's Xla»d of ball; J. Segcerson's
Cande'.aria v*. H. Bmltk'a I'raceful <t,cn. F.
McCool's nn MeCool vs. N. P. Whiting \\a
drna; I". Uemmelson's 1' x Daze vs. J. H.
Harrison's Hot Haste; J. Dennis' The Dexil
vs. I>. J. Healey'a Maori Land: Henon * 1 •.
vidson's IMrate vs. A. J. Kemp's Signal.
Aeneli Kennels' Aeneas vs. J. Carroll's
Auckland; F. Baker's Dora H vs. J. Cone's
Hed «51*n: Curtis & Bon's Maud S vs. P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch; Ourtts & Son's Beacon
\e. F. A. MrCfmb'i Royal Flush; E. Rau
rn«>lster's Winning Way« vs. .1 Carroll's Blue
stone; Erwin & Lyons' May Queen vs. HerzuK
& Davidson's Said I'asha: Goorße Sharman's
Walt-a-L'.ttle n P. J. kfcCabe's f'ralc B^y:
J. Kennedy's Wine Weft rat Al Austin Firm
Foe; Pa?ha Kennels' Hct-t Assurrd vs. T. J.
Cronln> Thotnhlll; H. A. I'eckPlman'n Old
Glory vs. Dr. !.• ti.ir !!• Master Lawrence-
Curtis A Son's The Fram va. W. Cairn's
Gladys Weller: J. McCormick'g Jennie He«d
vb. E. ra^erly's SllmO; F. A. McCornl/s
Hoyal Fan v*. H. F. Anderson's Crawford
J'raen; W. Cairn's Imperial vs. P. J. McCabe'a
Sky Blue.
Will Course One Day.
The officials of Ban Mateo Courslnc
Park determined last nlßht to run off this
week's stake on one day. Sunday. The
Sport will commence upon the arrival .if
the 11 o'clock train. The draw promises
Rood sport, th« dogs being matched ad
follows:
Jeff Martenet's Duxton vs. J. Dean's Conne
innra; Ova Abercromble's Irma vs. R. ■ <Je
I--p<*z'« Sara; Ixiwe & Thompson's Prln«-e Hal
vs. J. Bgcnon'a White Chief; J. O'Shea's
YounK America vs. IL E. de n. Lopez's
Wanda: A. Van der Wrlßht's Master Gordon
vs. W. I. Steams' Artificial: A. C. Brad
bury's Fardonlc vs. Jeff Martinet's n»rnai
Chief; Erwln A Lyons' Silver Wln«s vs. J.
K<"en«n> Fear Not: <"urtls & Rons" Vulcan vs
Jeff Msrtenet's Uernal Boy; J. Perry's Com
modore Nash vs. T. .J. Cronln's Depend on
Me; H. E. dc B. I. : ••?. v Arrow vs. T. J. Cro
ntn's Iron Duke ft. E. de H. Lopez's Peplta
va. E. !• Fallon's Lily of the West: F. a
McComb's vs. Kelly *■ Hanly'* Ilaby
King: F. A. McComb's Me- Skyrocket vs J
l>"an> Gladiator; f'urtlf a. Son's Flying Fox
vs. A. C Rradbtiry's Hum: Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Julius Caesar vs R. E. de n. Lo
pez's Carmenclta: < I ..nn'»ll Bros.' Renorlta vs
J. J. Edmunds' »Jo On; John SeKgerson."« Gold
Hill vs J. o'Shea's Golden Uate: O. Aher
cromble's M ■■ Itabblt vs. M Tlernan's Van
Hra»; ■; Nally's White Diamond vs. E. I)
Fallon's Armagh Labs; p. E. <!e 'it Ixtpez's
Whltchcad vs. M. Ml'-hnl-it* Joker; .! Kee
nan's Royal Buck vs. A. C. KraJburr'a Victor
«'h!ef: P. McKone'B Rlrby vs. Jeff Martenet's
Hill Foster: J. H. Smith's Merced vs. Connell
Ur»is. f Long Hoy; Thomas Rmlth'a Mary
nek %■«. Rurs*ll. All»n & Wilson's Kosle
'lair
INGLESJDE STAKES.
Two stake?, an open and a puppy, with
a total of ninety-nine entries, will be run
oft at Inplesldft Courclnj? Park to-morrow
and Sunday. Th« prizes in the open stake
will be: One hundred dollars to the win
ner; '• ' to the runner Up. |C third, two at
$30 each, five at 120. ten at 112 BO and
twenty at 17 18 In order to complete the
rard coursing will commence on both
days at 10:30 a. m. The draw resulted as
follows:
Open stake— J. ODowd'a Fhootover vn. M B
Kavanafch's SwtdMh; F. Mack's Delia M va'
r.umicll. Allen & Wilson's Belie cialr J L*ni
han-a Uoaall« \». Low* & Thompson's 'Kiiir'h
Horderfr; L. WlKßln'a Dexter vs. F.'Oodl'a
B«ndoran; J.im.s Byrnes' Battleship -.a J.
rharlton> Dolly Var.irp. W. C. (Jiaiiaon'B Joy
RHH Vi . IV .1 £ olte "» Hi.-h ami Artless; A.
Johnson a Tod Sloan v*. H. a. f»«-ck«>lma.n's
Pnai-Khot: F. X. Kol<-y-» Sweetheart vi. F.
Mack's (namn) Jesse Moore; J. O*Dow4'i
Clifton I^sa \ti. J. Shannon* Saffjruar.l M
Nolan's Uuckeye v«. Murphy A Tolani • Twl
lljcht Jr.; J. H. I'erigo'a Belle Reward v«. J.
I>enlhan'a Itaclne; J. Mcßoroc'a Admiral
Sninisjn V«. H. Kynch a Ix>iterer; F. Cham
blll'a Rorklln Belle va. G. H. Burf*ln<l'a Hoval
PHip; T. MorrWy'a St. Carlo v». J. Hoßnrot'a
Magic Circle; M. B. Kavanagh'a Hard Lines
vt. J. Collins" Matchl<>.««; T. F. I^ocan's Miss
(Jrlzzle vs. J. Maher's Benicla Boy; P. Rell
l>'s Master Mat vs. H. Lynch'a L'klncton; 11.
Lyni-h's Mystic Mal.l vs. 11. Alton's Mi.«s Lois;
B. M. K-llckb'.s Kummer vs. A. Hagpman's
Ltlly H; Captain <"iin«* - ti • nti.ill vs. 11. A.
Iwok'-lmun's n-.«-k<>r; I. Keilly's Xx;. •.«.- v«
M. Mlchalek's <:ien Hoy; G. H. Burfelnds
Pastime vs. K. M. Kellorß's I«arly GUmore;
S. Moore's Rex v* J. P. Thrift's Forßet; W
('. Gla.'snn's T*rron:i vs. 1' Dillon'i Modest-;
B. Iran's Free Si!\er B<>y vs. I^arkey & Rack •«
Minerva: I' i■ < '..»-.• ••;! « Patan vs. J. Welch's
Pweet M»r:e: D. Fonl'4 Junnlta vs. J. Byrne's
F.Wen .^p-'t: i"onnf>ll Itr^s." Mamie rirasiint
vs. J. rt"nntrij;'s Dempscy I^.«h; a. Johnson's
I.mvlan«l»r vs. .?. I>*nihan's Kobrrt J; J. Hur
ley's C» X Capitol vs. Rum Allvn & Wil
ton's ChlraßO Boy: .T. P. Thrift's (Jrasshopp«r
vs. \Y. J. Hru\vnlnr> Mountain Belle; J.
I'empyey's Captain Jack \s. It. •" d* B. I.n
r»z's f-'anta Klta: H. A. Deckel man' ■ Law
renoe vs. Klcrr.ind Brt«.' Fury . T. J. Mc-
Hugh - Mnlrt of the Mill vs. Handy & fmlth'*
M«Ki^; J. Anthony's Patriot vs. \V. McCar
thy's ' finny F: J. Ferris' Leah vs. Murphy
&■ To!nn<l> Ornament; 11. Allen's Alberta vs.
T. N-vlns' Nellie M: W. McCarthy^ lA\y of
the Valley vs. F. Brown'l Vlllaee Belle; n.
M. Kdlon'a lowa Boy vs. M. Merrlgan's
Fawn. Fleming Bros." name vs. O. Lahusen's
Fireball.
I'uppy Rtak* —O. P-iohn> Alcha va J.
Byrnes' Nellie's Last: J. Watkln's Merciful vs.
J. Ptntos Mischief; Carkeek & Hoajsa'a H»r
Hlirness vs. .1. Frank's Olrofle: C. I^evy'a Wll.l
flame vs. F. McComb's Storm Kins: <■ Let i
Bab* SherMan vs. M Dunlea's Erin; J. I.
O'Brien's 'I Times vs. K. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha; G. Buohn's Monrpram vs. J. Watklns"
NaJlne: L. Hoffman's Strancer vs. I. Hoff
man's Prat- ■ Boy: «;. I>ahnsen*s Firefly vs.
C'harle* Bona's Wild Nf>ra: Lowe & Thomp
son's Little Fullorton. « bye.
For More Sports See Pag-e Eleven.
HEARD GOOD SINGING.
The concert which was Riven at Metro
politan Temple last erenlns for the bene
fit of Corpus Christ! Church, the Italian
Free School and relic-f committee, proved
to be an unqualified success. It was ten
dered by Avedano and Salansa, which was
sufficient Ruarantee of the excellence
of the programme that would be rendered
and to crowd the spacious hall to its ut
most capacity long before the time sched
uled for the first number on the pro
gramme.
With one exception all who assisted
were among the best known of the pro
fessional talent of this city. That ex
ception was Miss Rose Broderick. a pupil
of W. J. Batchelder, who sang the fo
prano waltz solo from "Romeo and Ju
lletto" in a manner that won her the
good opinion of the entire audience,
which was filled with people who know
good singing when they hear It.
The following was the programme ren
dered:
I'lsno solo. Professor S. Martinez; tenor solo.
••«'l":'i c Mar," from "La Glaconda"' (Poncht
ellb. J. F. Waco; s^rr^no solo Mlm
Ro«e Brodrrlck; co:itialto solo, '"Stride U
Vampa," from "II Trovatore" (Verdi). Miss
Eurtnra Forde; *o|.rann solo. "Rltorna Vlncl
tor." from "AMn" (Verdi), Sljrnnrlna BUv!a
I*ucrari; baritone solo. ".Sei llcata am«al.
from "I'lnorah" •Mey^rb'-er). Slgnor Gaudenzio
Bllana: «luet from ••nunrany" (Gomez). S!k
norina S. X'tirr.irl and Signor F. Avedano: pro
lrßii» frr.m "I P»Klla< Pi" (Leontavallo). Sißivr
Oaudenzlo Salassa; romnnza, "La J'rtj?ht»rH"
«Tostl). Ml«s Alyc« Oates; ba.«so solo. • l l>omoni
fatnll,'" from "Roberto li Dlavolo • (Meyer
beer), Flgnor G. P. Wanre.ll: mezzo soprano
•010, "Non conosd II bel m l Vi from "Mlg
non" ■ max), Slgnorlna 1 Ima Polettlnl;
tttir.r solo, romanra from "Forxa del Destlno
Verdi), btpnor Ferdinando Avedano; soprano
solo. "Arln i- Scena," from "La, Glaconda"
(Ponchlelll). Slgnorlna Silvia Puerart; duet
from "Otello" (Verdi), Slgnors F. Avedano
and O. Sala««a.
YOUTH WIELDS A KNIFE.
Michael D«>^repoiio Charged With
the Stabbing of Andrew Anfibolo.
Michael Degregorlo. a lad 10 years of
age. and residing at 235 Francisco street,
was arrested last evening by Ofllcer Isaac
Tuchler and charged at the California
street Police Station with assault to do
bodily harm. The specific crime with
which the lad is charged is having
stabbed another boy. Andrew Anflbolo.
aged 14 years and residing at 2102 Stock
ton street, with a knife during a quarrel
over a remark about a ten-cent piece.
The young culprit escaped and locked
himself In ■ chicken coop at his home,
where he was taken by the police.
Aecordlng to the boy's statement, young
Antibolo and another lad /lamed Dave
Silvio were In ■ boat at the seawall yes
terday afternoon. Degregoria and another
boy were stundlng on the shore when
they pulled away into the. hay. it seems
that Anflbolo owed Silvio twenty-five
cents and Degregorlo yelled thai Anfibolo
bad ten cents in ■ his pockets. This en
raged Antlbo'.o. and later he met Degre
gorlo on Francisco ftreet and .1 scuffle en
sued. in which Degregorlo stabbed his op
ponent with a knife in the left thigh. The
lad was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where his Injury was treated.
Degregorio claims that he did not
wield the weapon, but that he had
It In his hand whittling a stick when
the struggle commenced and that Anfi
bolo fell upon the knife. Inflicting the
wound.
Alameda News Not»=s.
■ ALAMEDA, Nov. 30.— The masque: a<l«
ball given by A lamed* Parlor No. 47, N.
8. O. \V.. last evening, WSJ & most suc
cessful one In every particular. About
a hundred couples were in line In tiie
grand march. The dancing commenced
shortly after 9 o'clock and continued until
daylight th's morning.
The engagement is announced of |,oul«
T. Ward and Miss Alice A. Hand, two of
Ainmeda'ii well-known and most popu
lar young people. The wedding will oe
solemnized at 8:30 p. m. on ember 12.
at the home of the bride's grandparents
Mr and Mrs. John Dlckson, 1524 Sherman
street. Louis Ward is a son of Mrs.
Ward of 1539 Versailles nvenue and the
late J. Q. Ward, who was a commission
merchant in San Francisco.
Berkeley, Fruit vale
THANKS FOR THE
ANGLO-AMERICAN
COMBINATION
Sermon by an Oak-
land Minister.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
C«'S Broadway, Nov. 30.
Thanksgiving services were held In sev
eral sections of Oakland, the Protestant
churches generally uniting in the dif
ferent districts.
The principal services were held In th»
First Presbyterian Church. Rev. Guy
Smith offered the Invocation and Rev. C.
H. Hobart of the First Baptist Church
read the President's proclamation. Rev.
E. R. Dille of the First Methodist Church
read .-. section of the Scriptures and Rev.
Charles R. Brown of the First Congre-
Willlam Kelly of the Lutheran Church
preached the sermon from the text, "Offer
unto God Thanksgiving." Mr. Kelly made
a remarkable allusion to the Anglo-Amer
ican alliance, saying:
"Shall wo not give thanks for the draw-
Ing together of two great nations that
should never have been at variance. There
may be differences of opinion regarding
the wisdom or unwisdom of actual alli
ance between the English speaking na
tions, but ■ ■■■•■ one who realizes what
even moral sympathy between these na
tions means will rejoice to see the family
quarrel ended and Britain and America
one In purpose for the world's civilization.
"We cannot view with indifference the
recent meeting of a number of Governors
of States with able statesmen and re
formers to consider the taking of legis
lative action to 'restrict the growth of
the giant trusts, combines and monopolies
that, in every section. are throttling com
petition, enslaving labor, creating corners
in the necessaries of life, crowding out
of business the .-•mall mechanic, manu
facturer and tradesman and producing
conditions which. If allowed to continue,
would not or.lv result In grinding out the
middle claps between the upper and
nether millstones of colossal wealth and
direst poverty, but would create an an
anchistlc upheaval of the disinherited
masses that may overturn the very foun
dation <>l the state.
"Everywhere there Is a revival of busi
ness activity. Bountiful harvests are
gathered and our country Is filled with
songs of laughter of an Industrious peo
ple. Education may be enjoyed equally
Especially In this State, with magnificent
ly endowed institutions, possessing in Its
bounds the future Yale and Harvard of
the Pad tic Coast, education will continue
open to all eager aspirants."
There was a union service In North
Oakland at the Market-street Congrega
tional Church, at which Rev. Alfred Bay
ley preached the sermon.
The Church of the Advent In East Oak
land had a harvest festival, the offering
Of which was for the benefit of the parish.
Services for Thanksgrivinf;.
RKELET. Nov. 30.— Thankspivins
day was observed by the Berkeley
churches In nnfon services held in East
and West Herkek-y. In West Berkeley
the different cor.grepntion^ united with
the \Vrstmlnster F'r'sliyterlnn < "hurch on
Eighth street, where tho Rev. C. K. Jen
ness of the First Methodist Church on
Alston way delivered the sermon. The
union service for the churches In h.i I
lurkeley was heW In the First Congre
gational' Church on Dana street. The ad
3re?.-« was Riven by the Hcv. A. M. Elston
of the Christian cfuirrh.
Mrs. Addisor Passes Away.
Berkeley; Nov. a).— Mrs. Mattie
Hyde Addl.«on. th» wife of I»r. Thomas
Addlson. died yesterday at her home. 2425
Charming way. Death rame after a lone
illness. Deceased was }0 years of age ana
had been an invalid for a great part of
her life. Funeral services will be held
from the residence to-morrow morning at
li) o'clock. The Interment will be In
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORAKD riOTEti
T J Nichols. Auburn [A M B niton * w. Cal
O V Nlcholls, • a! Jl II <;. in! & W. Cal
A \V Kenison. Auburn ;W Pike. Fresno
C Clark. Georgetown C B Overacker, Silt*
V T Johnson. Pacto R 1 Miller. Sacto
.1 D Sweeny. Elmlra F Webster. Scotland
J A Ma ben. Marysvllle L O Faulkner. Ohio
E A Wllcox. S Jose C Ferry. London
i: H McKelvey, «'*! |A R Morton. Cal
.1 11 Gardner. R Vista C P Reeves. Cal
.1 C Hussey, B Jose ,A W Bern Chicago
H S Nash, Sacto iG Baumb*rr. Stanford
\V n Thorp*. Bacto L Hall. Stanford
B M Baker. Sacto ,C »' Rl*g«. Berkeley
B Jones, Stockton [0 I. It ■■::■■ IN) Eureka
B • him. Stanford W Lambert. Eureka
C Bradley. Stanford M E Pally * w. I Jos*
Ii < Dtmond. Oakland Mr« M M De Forest.
C Feht. Sacto ', San Jose
L A Norton. Paeto Mr* T Haye*. Stanfrd
W II Cooper. Berkeley C I' Hay ward. Cal
<} Brown, Stanford .1 M McOee, Orovllle
W \V Canon. Stanford E D Shattuck. Chgo
H II B»>]|. Stanford ,L D McLean. cc a l
Count Pajeustes, . Mos- F C Herrmann. <'al
cow .O Butler. I^s Gato*
J X Jones. i'"lu«a J F I.inaK.in. Stanford
.1 ii ttlchardson. Cal k Dlnkelsplel. Sui.-un
F I.- Witt*. Cal R .1 Btoddard. Eureka
P C Shepherd. Stkton N I Fisher. Amador
A Bhepherd. Stockton F Franks. Cal
C Sh-fheril. Stockton C L Guild. Pain Alto
i a Fairbanks. Btkton VIM M Davit, Palo Alt
I I. Martin. Stockton I. Grolin«er Jr. Ktnfrd
B Martin. Stockton 1! C Hubtiard. Stanford
- RI » !•<. Stockton C W Clark. Stanford
.! B Young. Stanford C ■' Hoppen, Yolo
It E L Good. r|,vn Q W Julian. Yreka
Mrs A M Correll. 'at F Dunn A- w. Berkley
■J Whicker. <al D Fltzpatrlck. Cnl
■ m C Clark, Gonzalez I- Harris. Los Almos
Ml** C. Blackburn. '"si M .1 Bate, Santa <'rui
P»W It Ltnscott. Cal .1 J Miirn.i. Berkeley
P J rranklln. Berkley! J McKlnnon. Cal
I: W Van Nudei Sactn'A B Steward Stanford
iiH Van Nuder, Bacto .1 Keith, Stanford
H Ro*s. Stanford |Mr» J B Cobb i dau.
J .'. Smith. Stanford San Jose
J T Moore. Berkeley 0 Wolf. Berkeley
y \V liobMee. Berkley] V IJppman. Berkeley
X I* Robinson. Berkley Q II Master*. Berkeley
F F Ellis. Berkeley J A Clay. Berkeley
}: T Mrfjean. Berkeley J O Hansen. Berkeley
.1 A Spring. S V B Davis. • al
II J Plate. lowa S B Huphes. Buffalo
\V p Thomas. Uklah • Mrs J W Wlngate t
j \V Bowen. Loa An* eh, Durango
II <; <'hyp. Marysvtlle Miss York. Healdsburgr
Mr« J McKells. Cal I Mi«« Fi.irnen. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Ft F Eaton. N V Mi«« M Taylor. Rtnfd
1 Mrs R F Eaton. N V Miss C Rlxon. Stanfrd
II T Gage, Sacto lV Q Hudson. Stanfrd
Mrs II T Gage. Sacto \V H WilllnK. Stanfrd
I! F Weatheim«r. S|.k T E McDonald. Stanfd
J E Terry. Baeto I* •' Noteware. Stanfd
il II Bell, Stanford 8 B Montgomery. Std
\V \V Carson. Stanfrd C F. Jacox. Stanford
Mi-<« P. Bradley. B Js \V A Walker. Phlla
Mlfs S Bradley. S Js* .1 II P-.rfllniter. I'nnn
Ml*« F Halloran. B '- II L Coleman, Martnz
1 Miss S Mall ran. S JsfW M Scales. P.resldlo
Or \\ Taylor, Llvrmre T s Hudson. Watsnvll
W T Stern. NY 5: II Hudson. Watsnvl
Vfi Glass. S. Rafa«l M A Cohen. N V
F. Mead. Cheyenne W B Peck. N V
H D Ermark. Phlla Mrs W B Pe»-k. N V
II D Laughlln. Chtego E F Preston. Portola
A T Ellis. Tehama Mrs Preston. Portola
Mr? A T Ellis. Teham A C Nahl. Berkeley
W Pa\!dson. Salt Lke W L Llndhand. Portld
D E Dierson. Bacto i: C Hale, i.-- Ann
W r Ciulnton. Sacto .F B Larkln. Palo Alto
II Thomas*. N I Mrs Larkln. Palo Alto
W W Chapln. Sacto C E Anthony. Berkly
C M Farlr.. Stanford t Mrs Anthony. Berkly
r. W Churchill. Napa Edith B King. Stanfd
\V L Erich. Stanford Amy Ferguson. Stnfd
H I. I^angnerker. Ptfd Miss Haskell. Stanfd
R T Hall. Stanford Mlrs Arery. Stanford
F. Fork. Stanford C X Stone. Stanford
F FogK. Stanford MISS Schalmburger. St
« l/ihm. Stanford .1 M Hayward, P Alto
H Hudson. Stanford Mrs Hayward. P Alto
F B • ley. Stanford Miss F Hayward. P A
11 T Pitman. Stanford! A II WMuujl, Los Ang
\V Bain. Stanford X Chadbourne. Stfrd
T n Morris. Phlla IF M Wilson. N I
Mr* T R Morris. Pa <! R Roberta. Utah
E F. Manhelm. Fresno J W Hunt. N t
R m.i r.ik.n. Stanfd C F Kemp. Vallejo
G S Seeyder. Stanford! Mrs Kemp. Vallejo
Mr- >■ !.t. StanfordjMrs I' 0 Taylor, 11l
\v \v Wrlßht. Oregon <• Hullns, 111
A .1 Rosenheller. Pa -I J Walker. Chicago
B I Wheeler. Berkeley II n Bryan. N I
Miss W Fisher, fustic A Stanley. Stanford
Ml^ A Msher. <alstif A VnltM-. Nar«
Mlxs E Taylor. Stnfrd • Mrs V.-.|b< . Napa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Fisher. Stockton H X Craig. San Jos*
F L Ackernon. Sumptr C E Robinson, Ohio
.1 W I)unb«r. Lou An; J s Lvwln A w. «.'al
j; 1; Clarke. Crockett C J P.oberts. Chicago
C Henderson. Va-lcjj F Keller. S Rwa
I' de. Martini. >todesto J Mal-ney. N Mexico
II «■ Murray, Baci y I. \i •« Reno
A S Forbes, Los Ang Mrs H Smith. Reno
SUFFRAGISTS
PREPARING FOR
A NEW CAMPAIGN
Oakland to Be the
Center of Activity.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
Mi Broadway. Novcmhor 30.
A wave of suffrage enthusiasm :
ing Its center in this city and prom
pweep tldally north, south ar>:
the State before the close of the cam
paign of IML This is the reactloii
the depression of the la.-- md it
is hailed with Joy by the
suffragists of Oakland, women and men
alike.
The starting point of the wave is the
reorganization of the different local
suffrage clubs. These have for the most
part been lying dormant. Bpent with the
vigor of their last battles and sad over
their failure. But one by one they are
to take on shape again and, under the
leadership of the most active workers,
begin the strife for political equality.
First in the list of local clubs to re
new the contest will be the Seventh Ward
Political Equality Club. This will not
have to renew organization, for It has
stood atanch and ready for work through
out defeat and depression. Its president
is Miss Carrie A. Whelan. who Is also
recording secretary of the State Society.
The suffragists of the Second Ward are
now in line, too, having organized this
week at the residence of Dr. A. M Shan
non. The Third Ward Club. like th*
Seventh Ward, has been active all
through, holding regular meetings at the
J. C. Campbell residence. The Frultvale.
Fifth Ward and Berkeley clubs are stir
ring to life again. Alameda, under the
direction of such ladies as Mrs. Judge
Way mi re and Mrs. Wood, has kept
abreast of the best done In Oakland. So
that things look hopeful and bright for
good work on this side of the bay.
When Mrs. Carrie Chapman a tt and
Miss Hay were In Oakland recently they
declared that nowhere in the State had
they met such enthusiasm and such ac
tivity in suffrage work. This deserved
praise has so stimulated the suffrage
workers In the county that they have de
termined to not wait longer to buckle
their political armor on. Greatly missing
Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, who now resides in
San Francisco, and who has always been
such a faithful suffrage advocate, they
will rally with such women at their head
as Mrs. William Keith and Mrs. George
Haight of Berkeley. Mrs. Waymlre and
Mrs. Wood of Alameda. Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard. Miss Whelan. Mrs
Sarah C. Borland and Mrs. McClees of
this city.
Alameda County. In spite of hard work
during the last campaign, wen: against
the giving of th* fran< i
This proves, sufTrag.; workers believe,
that harder work than ever should be
here. Many women who do not from
month to month take an active share in
meetings and the like have declared thnt
wh.-n the right is on again they will take
a share In It.
"We ar« rary hopeful." said m:»>s
Wheh.n to-day, '"tnat Alameda Count y
will rnaki- a Rood fli?ht n.-xt time, and
the work has already l.ogiin."
NEW LIBRARIAN TO BE
INSTALLED AT ALAMEDA
ALAMRDA, Nov .TO.-rriaries 1.. \v t l
ler retires from his position as librarfr.n
of the Alameda Free Public Library and
his racei ssor, Prank B Orarei t
•lime the responsibilities I
Mr. Weller, who has all
Ifnial and accomm> .dafl: -• . nas
done much towai
high standing of \
nitutlon and retires with the
Of :i large cin:
<rn was circulated in the Cltj
terday and signed i fflclal
and employe In th<> building:
ALAMEDA. Nov. 29. 1«99
Charles L, TCeiie r I>*ar frlrnil: Knowing
that with the s»ttin«r of a ThankJ-jrlvln* »un
your term of aOct a* librarian of th* city of
Alarnp-1^ expires, may you ever have caus« '■•
bo thankful.
We. your friends and fellow-offlctaK do d*
flre to tender you our regrets at your leav
inn. and our best wishes for your future.suo
••i and happiness. Tou hare filled your offl
rtal position with great credit and ability, nnd
have by your cheery disposition and friendly
actions so endeared yourself to your fellow
rfnclals that your departure Is deeply r«-
It retted.
Mr. Graves, who was formerly assist*
ant librarian of the Mechanics' Institute
Library. Is a resident of Al&meda. and
Is considered one of the best librarians
on this coast.
♦
Sunday Call \
December 3, 1899 ♦
- — — — — ——^ *
I
f The Story of a Man Who Has Been
| Held Fourteen Years in Jail for Trial.
♦ •
I THE TRICHINA CASE.
/■„ The Remarkable Discovery by Two San Francisco Physicians—
t Rachael Ash and Miss Wightman,
I
i
i THE DEPRAVITY OF FRENCH SPORTS.
i
t
; HOW SOLDIERS ARE TRAINED
i FOR THE BRITISH ARMY.
!
t THE LATEST WONDER— COMPRESSED AIR
i
I
♦ THE LATEST IN THE BOOK WORLD.
I By PROF. H B. LATHROP of Stanford
I
♦ •
:
? MY EXPERIENCE AS AN AMATEUR AT THE
t CHUTES AND OLYMPIA.
I
I FICTION. FASHIONS. DRAMATIC STAFS. AND MANY OTHER
" ' ; INTERESTING FEATURES. ALL BEAUTIFULLY ILLUSTRATED.
KAISER'S BUSY
DAY AT POTSDAM
Received Reports From
His Cabinets.
POLITICAL ACTIVITY RENEWED
YON MUMM SPEAKS OF TREATY
NEGOTIATIONS.
Textile Manufacturers of Germany
Have Decided to Erect Mills
in the United
States.
SI Tht Call
BERLIN, Nov 30. -With Krr
• wh« an im
■te revival of political ,
His Majesty arrive.! at the new
about S v dock this mormr.i:
■ dock he ill •
•if his clvi! and mllltar;
fficial to he received wu (1
\"ii Hur,ke. chl.f of the military r.i
Up was followed by •
Brunswick, who related his exp*r
In Spain a fortnight ago while on a -.
All day the Kaiser remained at Potsdam.
Among th«; officials who have arrived to
Bee him from various parts of the em
pire is Dr. yon Mumm Sehwartzenstctn,
who. since his arrival from Washington,
has b«en at his home in Haden. Dr. Yon
Mumm had a long conference this after
noon with Count yon Bulowr. the For
eign Minister, and this evening he gave
it general nummary »t the present rela
tions of Germany with the United State*,
speaking cautiously with reference t<»
commercial issues, especially the meat
and fruit question*. H* remarked that
there was a considerable difference of
opinion regarding these matters, and that
Germany was Justly complaining of dis
crimination against Orman sugar.
When tho correspondent of th* Asso
ciated Press s«UK;rei<ted the great difficulty
of reaching a satisfactory settlement of
commercial differences at the present
time, especially In view of the fact that
th • l. nlted Si.i'.-t U awaiting Germany's
action on meat and Germany Is awalMng
the new tariff schedule and also is un
willing to prejudice pending negotiation*
with other important countries relative to
commercial treaties by prematurely con
cluding one with America, Dr. Yon Mumm
did not dissent and later In the Interview
he virtually adopted the sug>c>-.<4tion.
Discussing the present political rela
tions between the two powers the German
diplomatist spoke freely, declaring that
the Samoa agreement was a cause of
satisfaction to all three powers and had
removed a ••powder cask from interna
tional politics. It was nonsense, he as
serted, to say that the United States still
refused to ratify the Anclo-German agree
ment, alleging that as a matter of fact
when he left Washington an agreement
had already been reached. L»r. Yon
Mumm remarked that th» American de
mand in the partition projected had been
known all along and was agreed to from
the first, namely, the possession of
Tutulla. with a safe harbor at Pago-Pago
and the other Islands subsidiary to It.
The celebration it Thantcsglvlng day
at the Kaiserhof this evening was one
of the most successful celebrations In tho
history of the American colony In Ber
lin. Nearly .100 persons were present,
most of them being young men and
women students John B. Jackson, sec
retary of the United States • Embassy,
presided and among those present were
I'nlted States Consul General Mason.
Senator Mitchell. Professor Hart of Ann
Arbor. Dr. Dickie Hammond of Cornell
and Professor Stevens of Yale.
Professor Stevens made the only
speech, dwelling upon the debt Amer
icans owe to German rclence, as testified
by the number of American students In
Berlin. He raised a cheer by adding
that, while recognizing her debt to Ger
man/. America could not forget th* ties
binding her to England. "X\e are Eng
land's loyal daughter." he said, "despite,
the fact that she has net always treated
us as a mother should a child. Although
later «he made ample reparation."
During the banquet this evening, upon
the suggestion of Mr Jackson, a dis
patch was sent to President MrKlnley
assuring him of the "loyalty and sym
pathy of the exiles." A similar dispatch
wan sent to Kmbamador White at
Alasslo. Italy. After dinner there wm
dancing.
The Berliner Tageblatt. In a doubte
leaded paragraph this ever' says:
"On account of the unsatisfactory condi
tion of the textile trade with America
several Important owners have decide!
to erect ... a In the United States."
There Were Other*.
"I married you." he observed, "for your
self alone, but now — ■"
It was clear the honeymoon was on Its
last legs.
"Now I find I hav# (rot the whole fam
ily."—New York Press.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franc'
Call. c?rn«r of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
P.RANCH OFFICES— C~ Montgomery street.
enmer Clay; cpen until 8:S0 p. m.
1(0 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CCJ UeAlUster street; open until i":S0 p. m.
f'i 1..: i n »treet; open until 9:30 p. m,
IS4I MlKFion street ; open until 10 p. m.
£T6l Market btrect, corner Sixteenth; open
tint 11 9 p. m.
l'fi Eleventh street; open until > p. m.
lew Valencia street; open umll 9 p. m.
1223 I'olk street: open until 9 p. ra.
Nortnwcst crrner of T»enty-s<-coDd and Ken-
• urkv rtrrrts; cpen until 9 p, m.
MEETING NOTICES.
YnnnA IU;eNA Lodge of Perfectim "§"
No. I— Stated mating THIS EVEN- /I
ING. at » o'clock. ■
GEO. J. HOBE. Seo. «£Zx9 !
REGULAR mating of the Caledo-' \tf >.
Bias «^iub THIS EVENING, at 8 5iW
ocJook. «t Scottish Hull. 117 Lar-
kin h. ANGUS McLEOD. ChieC *«Si; > tfc
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
BT. ANDREWS Society^St."An- . QrTT
ArfK'r. day will be celebrated !>>• <\ tBV.I '
a l.tnuuet at the Palace Hotel, "^ivXlJ? I
FRIDAY EVENING. December 1. **i£?^
l c Kii; tickets *.'. <lruM,(; fj (..insle): from!
MR. ItEID. Si 7 Marl.et *t.
JAMES S WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON, secretary.
OrFI«"ERS and memlw-rs of Perseverance «Bj i
Grove N.i. hi. i". A. <•. D. htf n-qu. sTe.J LAJ
t.> assen.bl- THURSDAT. at 1 o'.l. k TUi
p. m. frharj'. at Druids" Hall. 41* Suiter rt.. ;
to pay the last tribute oi rfrpect to our de-
ceased brother. P. A. H. G. GIANNINI.
A. MARTIN. N. A.
S. PIDANCET. Rec. Bee.
ANNUAL Meetlnt— l>i;jlor ..:■.:.: il meetlnp of
Oie «tocklml<ter« of •'■!■• Panuhau Sugar I'u\n- j
t-.tlon Compsny v.ill h» h»ld at the office
«f the ixvrcj.any. Rl'T i!ark»t « , In the city
a-"1 cr-timy nf Kan Krar.c'fM. on BATUR- J
I>AY. th« ta day cf |vp,ml»r. IS9S. fct the
hour of n o'clock a. tn.. for the psrpOM of j
electing n b wr.! <f lir»-<trr» t^ serve for the j
♦r.i-uIM; riar xr.i t!i» transaction of Fuch i
• •ther Vi.flne^n a* tTii*v ccnie l>efv.re t*^° meet-
i:ig. Transfer lMX>k«wi!l dose on Wednes-
day. November 22. ifM. at r. o'eiock p. m.
K. ir PHFU,T>ON. PxTe*ary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, sixth fi.x.r. Chron- j
icl* bolldlnc; no advance chorees; all cases; i
estates, mortgages, damages. collec;i"ii!<,
bankruptcy, wllla. etc., drawn; moderate ie<o;
call <>r write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; j
no fee without success; collections. Q. W. |
ItOTCE, nttv at lav, K'.O Market, cor. Stocktn.
r. H. MEnZBACH, attorney-at-law. has re- |
mimed practice at Wl Cal. *t.. Clunl* bMg.
NCUII F. FLOOD. SSJ Market bt.. opp. Mason;
oonsttltaUoa frt-«-. nojerate f»e«.
L S. CLARK, Knima Spr^ckels bulMlng. 'Cl
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance,
ADVICE free: no chars* unless snccessfol. W. I
W DWlTigriN. <■•:: MafVet «-t.. <m Mvoti. |
ItICVCLR REPAIRING.
THf>S. H. n. VARNET. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND lI 'UAL BICYCLES.
ItKPAIKING A SPEfIALTY.
HO Vim AND ROOMS.
J;i»DT7"°l3^l ; nited~*S tires 'liotdfT roorniTsTso
*eek up mlth board $5 10: Fuite for two with ■
board. Hi; board. J4 week; raeala. Sic; ele- i
\ator runs all night. j
NEW family hotel: furl -class in all appoint-
ments: excellent tabli*. J>o7 California st.. oc- |
copytns comer appotlt< Grace church.
••nELGUAVIA IK>TEU " Polk and Clay-Sun- !
n\ FUite»; be^t board; for 2. J4l up; ««lnge. $20. |
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market— Suite of 2 or 1
rtr.i l .: private; bath; sin. rtrs.; bonrd optional.
LONGWORTH. r^2 Geary-Lore- suites, bath,
for 3 or 4 gentlemen; excellent table board.
O'FARUELL. 742— Larr* *unny front rooms;
cood home cocking;; also single roomi; $20 up.
f PnciAL <'!T' v r to teachers; new and select. S'TI
Caijforr.la yt.
5; ■ TO Joan nn diamonds. wntchca.sl'ver. *e;>- i
iddns. • i in<j». run*. Uncle Mhttls. 15 Grant ay.
riOAUDING FOR CHILDREN.
LAI'Y Srlth n'.c-e home wants child to rare for; j
every Httejiticn given, including nmsie: go.^l '
FCbOol. MRS. E. T.. Mill Valley. Marin Co.
-
T.II«'W. has a nice home, war.ts a smalt «-hUI t
in board: mM home; ti»«t carp. S<3 Fell st. j
ROOKS — NEW AM) «n.i».
BCROOL BOORS boucht anl exchanged^
H ?ries Ti».-k « x o . 7E4 M!'«!'T «t.. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHQaCa.
CHILDREN'S laic Fh'<e«. ".>. Ksc. fl; school
Bhoen, 7r«-; ladies' shoes. $1; boy*' shoes. «<r.e;
men's Mines. $1 2*.; men'« emVr.idered
j.-rs, CV. People's Sh>e Store. 12.i3 St<>ckton.
IKXITS and nhix* made to order from lst-clan
man-rial. T6 to f>; repairing cheap. H. sal-
NIN::N. 4<l Hu>h >t.. f.rmerly with McNulty.
IIIMNESS CHANCES.
IM»-rTRAXSIENT ' houu'eP Vlears" "orer 1200
mont.'ily; v. cood money maker.
PHTFICIANB attention— Payln* practice and
«injg (tore; puburlis San Francisco; for sale at
a SacrtnCC. ouirig to departure l^st; fullest
ir.v.>tlgat)on; «-afcy terms If necessarj-.
|3i*iA— FRENCH liquor «mloon for eale; average
rroetitii $2u \+r day: thance seldom offered.
_, _
CASH curtomer In tmr ofHce for a coo 4 board-
Inc bouse; centrally located.
CAN\ASSKK wanted nn commission or salary
far a we. kly newfpar^r; must be energetic
Full rnrtlculars from J. E. FLINKEY & CO.
__K.3^arket Ft., n.-ar T.th.
17 ik-STATK .NKItV. rchool euppllen.* notions;
«-ittsbl.Fhfd » year*; Western Addition; near
4 rth. ..)». nneipty we, a month: full value In
rtoclc. KTENBERG <X).. 2«>- Kearny ft.
A-P.10; RESTAURANT: the nn^rt~po7slble7
he*t payaas i.. rth of Market; meals Sc" *s-
tkbllshei f,,r years; splenilid chance for 'man
_nnd wife. t?TKNBEHG CO.. 2«4 Kejirny Ft.
A-tT7S; fiAI>X)N; I blwk» of Market; Fliewl7
rurtilhhei roams; handsome bar and .back bar-
value in Kight; owner fick; must sell.' BTEN-
UKUG CO., W, Kearoy H.
A r^ : ( liI:s TAURANT in mining town of 4000
Inhabitant*; ..ally receipts «.; rent $35- a
I bargain. » Rl 0. , WILKE, »< Markrtrt.?'
mZSXZ: CORNER *poeery and~bar; cholcr* t t
lrK^tmn; tent t*J : doing a large Store and bar I
(faae; .vn,t k all lresh; a rare u:>purtunitv
JWj JLSLyH'KE. rt . ' *
A^UOO; RCSTACRAMT close to Market an-1
Mason m : .loing a rushing buslne.sn; r ia.-e
t-UrantJy fitted up: worth double the money
anked. Call R. G. WlLKE^Jv^larket «.
AI.FA <Xt. will frrhange, buy or srll jviur
pn>Pfrty_gulck. -.!". Market st.
XIW*~ PARTNER wanted an <a*hler~to~tend to
cigar «ar:d: HOO rash, balanes oa long time;
gcaratrALFAiCO.; %z\ Maiket st.
TO lasat ".Small ehlrken ranch; <-nmplete; best
• ' \mn*. *LFA^ CO.. ?35 Market TX.
f!2»-RESTAURANT; »t. : *at!«-
factory r»-a>-)Ti for uriKng; paying business
For particulars *- c McLAUGHLIN /t co
__777 ii Market tt. • *!•£*)££
$'/ •• FRCIT ar.l grocery ntnre; good -location-
-»v. rmy.; rent tl^JMcLaughlln. 7774 Market!
OnOCERY «ni l*r: fine location: trlth"ro«in«;
COF , FEE «n'?.J. u ? eh I>Uc * : Ba«i location; bar-
paln. COWING & CO., H>s Market st.
Sy»>- FIRST-CLASS flower «tore;~be7t location
city; central; mo. sal- >400. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
BALOOX ror sale; on Ea*t st. Apply Jackson
Bnmrr. l _^J °
nr.STAVH.KST-^UoA flac^f for man and wife-
dally receipt* $12 to $IS. 211 Mnson «t.
ACTIVB man to take retiring partner'a place-
small capital; office buslne M ; no night or
♦Sunday work: experience unnecessary. MS
Market n.. room A.
HOME kitchen and delicacy for sale oiT'ae"
fount cf plckneot.; g.N.d location nnd trade
Inquire OISEHDI.ENER. IV rirrt ft.
OLD «-«tabllshed xalcon, well stocked. $X'^)- Tlx-
tures alure win^h money arked; owner sick
U'l7 Market st.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter^ rent
and m.-re in work. WM. HENDRICKSON
. * *:T*;r J 3 ?* t ' a " bulldln «»:
FIRST-CLASS French liquor rtor*; established
r^ >f»r* ago; horke, wacon. cellar, etc 1401
Powell st.
U'C— FOR sale— Confectionery and Ice cream
j.arlor*; J.ew lmpro'/ements: a bargain; call
2C3 Second *t. H. J\CKSON. proprietor.
GOOD pUi.lng mill and lumt>er yard in this
city for eale. Box 1430. CaM office.
WANTED— Paying coffee house or restaurant;
-Cive-itarticulars. lioz 14!>6. Call office.
GOOD-PAYING photograph galler>- in Mission
t' m ale rh»-ap. Apjily 1104 Market, rocm 21.
CAPS MiMn, Alaska— Clveap rates on early
U.at to Caj* Nome. FRISCO-NOME T. & T.
«f>.. n,iim C, *ccnnd floor. Mills building.
FOR «ale— Good fruit Hand; 2 living rooms;
cheap. Apply JSO Eighth Kt.
FOR sale— A delicacy rtore with « Ilvlnc rooms;
;:c rent. Box ITT4, -11 office. ;•;*-'. ?1",
\
11l SIM: CHANCES— Continued.
CIGAR store and flxtr.res with Call agency for
pale; reasonable; g>od location; rent cheap.
Box U74. Salinas, tjal.
CHEAP— Dairy and delicacy store; good trade;
living room;" cheap rent. Inquire 1109 ■ ilsom.
FIRST^CLASS^~grocery and bar for sale; no
agent. North corner Fulton and Franklin sta.
6ALOON and restaurant ror sale. 724 Front
»treet. / -:-.;'
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and '
FUbscriptions has bevn establish.sl at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tutky st» Open till? P-_Jp-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
vuhscrirtions has been et-tabllshcd at 1(46 Va-
lenola st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINK top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; l.::sfrvss wagons, new. suitable for dry
i;.h«ls stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
4 -CAN milk wagon. Jii; road cart. $12; light
butcher wain.n. }2!i. 22 Golden Gate are.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EC.AN & SON, 2117 Mission i-t
10t l SETS s«»cond-hand harness : wagons, carts,
bupcies. surreys and horse*. IHO Fols'om st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become d!?guEted with poor work
«nd to RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp^t-
beatlng Work*. Sr3-5;.7S r 3-S;.7 Ti-hama st.: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
doling. ?.42 McAllister bt.: tel. South 146.
CiJ'Y Steam Carj-et-'oealins Work*. O. H.
STEVENS, mur.. 7J-4O fth t-t.: tel. South 25>'>. j
J.McQI'EKN > California Carpet Cleaning Co.. I
4.'.3 Stevenson St.: tel Booth 22%; lowest rates, i
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutt-r at.;
tel. Mfiln 3?«. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c-rer yard; laid at iC.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft.: tel. Je*sle V 44.
j! E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 219 14th
ft.: cliantnc. 3c wr yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carp»t-beating Works. 333 Golden
O.Tte r.vr.: tel. U.ift 1?6.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
ITTICA •"jeanlns and Toilet Compounds and
Comj»ounJ l'ayte; a household blessing ; a sure
cure for i>ol«on onk. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Ofr.ee r.nd factory. 21 Spear St.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-knoT.-n trance medium, may be con-
tulted en all affairs of life. While entranced
»he reveals every hidden mystery: she will
*hr.w you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family foubleg; restore lost affections;
unite the separated: recovers lost or ttolen
property; locates minerals tells your entire
life, whil* in a perfect tranc*: . action
puarant«<*d by mall: send Mamp for circular '
with special term«. MRS. DR. F. CLAHK.
205 Turk st.. near Jones. Hcne Sun. and eves.
VM I : MELBOURNE, clairvoyant, card read-
er; a visit will well repay you; call and be
convinced. fI2S: Eddy s-t.; hours 1 to 5 and
7 to 10 p. m.; ladies. TrOc; grnts. $1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. IH>4 Market st.. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
VOyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes St.. r.">om 7. second floor.
MME. LEN EM AR— Fortune by planets; pr»>-
djrfj U74 rescue passengers and gold. At 225
Mason m., corner O'FarrelL.
JOHN SLATER. circletrv-ntßht, t:V>: sittings
dally. l« to 4. 1«W Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. DT PREE. card reading: questions an-
swi-r«-j by mall; advice given. 2S 7th. room 9.
MRS. HARLAND'S test f=er»nce to-night, sealed
1-tters read; We; life readings. $1. 34 Sixth.
MME. UOREAU, the best medium and card
r.-i :■ r LT-- up 7.1 F lUrth M.. r-.--ir Mission.
.... 7.EUEDA. of S Seventh St.. Is the ori-
ginal gypsy life reader; readings 2.'c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and I
palmistry. Sc; truth cr no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, c&lrvoyant, card reader;
Mttinrs daily. 212H Sixth st.
EDWARD i EARLE. independent slatewrlter.
."D"> Ellis Ft.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings. |
MME. RAVENNA reads life nuently; business
aavlce; names riven: 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st.
DR."EDWArjj FISCHER, prof estional hypnol
list: diseases cured without medicine. 142 6th.
TOUR future told by cards. 25c. 102V4 Sixth it.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
VMS. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future fcus-
bnn.l's Hrture. 2.*e; Indies. 914 O'Farrell Ft.
CLINK.
C.UJFOUNlV^M^dica! T^oiTege. 1422:F01t0m;
five nifdioal and surg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aceney; no charge un-
less successful. Room 510. .-.T Market st.
i OTTAGKB TO LET. : ; ;
COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath, gas; rent $16. 111S
ValleJ St., near Leavenworth.
COTTAGE of C rooms and bath at 3103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon: lately renovated.
. DENTISTS. I
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS* dental parlors, 927 |
Market ».t., o\-er Cafe Unkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas :
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the b^tt and most artistic
n- :■; i! work at reni>unable prices; pure gold
fllllr.gs from $1 up: other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed tenh carefully treated and
Riled or crownwl without . Un; plates that lit !
tn.in $4 T.O up: P.»-sh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeih without plat.-a a specialty; opt-u
cv« r.ings and Sundays.
A NEW anaet-thetlc for i Unless dentistry—
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our fic-.sh colored plates; thinner .
and strong, r than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth With-
out a pliite; fillings. 2->>c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set, $T.; all work painless and warranted. i
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC.* SOS Mar-
ket Ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide., you can
havi' your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without I'lntes our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; pUtes, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- !
Ilc« hours. S a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
Dlt. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
trartu and lills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received - first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 •.■>>.
VAN VfUxm-Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee i«> years; lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. W7 Market *t.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 14J3 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns. brMge work and fillings a
: all work re«r»onabie; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. Z3S Keamy. oor. Bush;
full t-et <X teeth. $4; Towns. J3; lllllnfrs. 25c.
MEYER— Deut-.her r.Uhnarzt. 6 Turk: Ist-cla7s
work; prices rea-s.; gas; ennvn & bridge work.
SET of teeth without plate. Dr7.~ B ■;
g YOUNG. 3' ll Polk st. /
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; g graduate opera-
ti.iH;nrx»n evening^ an«l Sundays. K,O Market.
LOWEST prices In K. F.; work warranted 10
y»^. N. Y. r>?ntlsts. !>C7 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SE.OISTIIESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
hi-«nili tall<.ri:i? r-ysi.-m taushU 205 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking S"hix»l gives a prac
»c»l cou i m;; P*t_cut; positions free. 103 I'ost.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Gean': dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ir.g. pinking. 121 .-••■.■■ ,■, ■ & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. '
HEALD'S Kuslnejis College. 24 PostTtT's ~F~-
1-ractlcal courses In bookkeeping, shorthnnd.' i
typing. latiKuageh. telegraphy. English :
branches, civil, electrical and mining enn- I
neerlng. etc.; new Ku-puge catalogue free.
MISS M. O. BARRETT "hTunabIe to fill all de-
mands for her i<hurthand graduates and ii.'- i
Klres more tiuplls; lesions p«n>onally imd by
_nialK_oo2 Montgomery st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
«Juct€<] personally by Mr. ana Mrs. Ayres;
_ltie^*cholarshlp $50. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full coarse
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1238 Market st.
ENGINEERING achooKclvl I ■ ;.! mining.
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day and even '
_g»t._U64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.'
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S" Busl-
neys College. SCS Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
GERMAN wiKhes to learn the Endlsli lan-
_guage. Box 14'JS. fall office.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
I>rtv.orclass. Barker's Academy.li 27 Mission st!
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; molt
practical method. 1224 Bush st.
LAW schools, 927 Market. 8. F.. and" 905 Rroad-
way.Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
START right and the end Is in Eight. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand . guitar. UN Mission.
BooKKKEn NO. arithmetic, gram mar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1^24 Mlsslon.nr.Cth.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 1. 1899
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutler: tel. Black IJ2I.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished I
free. 6TJ Clay st.; phone Davis Ml.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and '
Chinese help. 421 Pout; phone Main 1986. I
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office; !
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell St.. tel. East 426. j
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds I
help. GEO. OAK I. .•!'■ Geary st. : tel. Grant S6. i
EMPLO VM EXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRPT-CLASS Swedish second girl desires sit-
uatlon; two years' references. MISS CL'L-
LEN. 325 Batter St. |
RESPECTABLE American woman, no lncum- I
brance, lea res position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust; capable, dill- ;
gent and faithful worker; city or country. !
Address .1. A. S.. box 1453. Call Office. j
COMPETENT woman wants position as work-
ing housekeeper or chambermaid in lodging
house; best of references, nox 1245, Call ofllce.
FIRST-CLASS French and German woman '
cook wishes place In good family. Address j
106 Vi Third Ft., room D.
GOOD reliable woman wants position as cook [
or housework; city or country; good refer- I
ences. Apply 1G25 Clay st.
a YOUNG German woman with a child would
like position as housekeeper in city. Box j
1243. Cull office. !
PROTESTANT gill would like a position at j
light housework In the Mission. Address i
1020^4 Guerrero.
YOUNG lady tires light housework; no chil- !
dren; wag«s, $12 to $15. Call or address M. C, '
12T.9 O'Farrell Bt.
YOUNG lady desires second work In small
family: wages, $12 to $15. Call or address R.
S.. 1219 O'Farrell st.
DANISH girl wants work by day; washing and j
houseol.-anlng; do curtains at home. 1331 Ful- i
ton «t. I
NURSE who has had much experience would i
like position to .ire for Invalid. Address
box I^:., • all office
GERMAN girl, pood cook, desires place: Amer-
ican family: city only. 41S Powell St.. tele-
phone Main 5332.
GERMAN girl, competent cook, desires situa-
tion In American family; city or country.
41S Powell st., telephone ■■ in 5332.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children's
dresses; reasonable; nil work guaranteed; will
go out at $1 -.'■ a day. Call or address u2S
Fourth st.
COM PETE.". T woman with child 2 years old'
wishes a position as housekeeper In city or j
short distance In country; references. Call
ISM I \'te»nth st.
WINCHESTER Hotife. 44 Third st.. near Mar- I
ket: 20u rooms; 2.V to '- 50 right: $1 50 to M j
week: convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and baßgnpe to and from terry.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee. 2200 Ftllmore si
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ■ has been established at the
norti.'- corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. in.
A BRANCH office for all advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- '
lencia st.
A URANCH office for the reception of adver- j
tisements and subscriptions has been opened i
at 1223 Polk st.: open until •» p. m.
E M PLO V3I ENT WA NTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as bed-
maker or «-k-rk in lodging house; dishwash- i
ing, driving or care of horses, or anything.
Box 1251, ail
YOUNG German-American with best reference
wishes a :>lace as second butler. 106 Eddy
St., room 42.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box lfc'.2. Call.
WANTED— !$y a a man who thoroughly under-
stands the rare of and bottling of, wines. Box
1.45. Call.
YOUNG German, specks good English, desires
situation In etore cr grocery. Please call at
SO Elliott Park aye.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary j
PtF., off • iner.
WORK, by roung man: fairly educated; strict- I
ly t<-mt>»rate; somv business experience. Ad- |
dress box 1485, Call. I
POSITION wanted— German middle-aged cook:
steady and sober: in small hotel or restau-
rant; lfl years' experience. Box 1493, Call.
FIREMAN wants position to fire steam boiler
or run engine; city or country. Box n-i. Call.
POSITION In wholesale house to learn busi-
ness; -.:■.. no ■■■•■:. references. Box 1300.
Call offire.
PA.STRY cook and confectioner would like po-
sition as second or third hand; town or coun.
try; age 21. Box 14!4. call office.
GERMAN and wife want situations to go to j
C*p<» Nome as cooks for company of miners: I
Ifst of reference. Address M. W., box 12TU, i
«'a|| office.
WANTED— PIace as coachman by a young
Swed»; l-est of reference. Inquire at 1328
Mission st.
$100. "00 TO loan on diamonds, watch's. silver, seal- I
eklns. planes, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay. j
THOROUGH printer, accustomed to country
offices, wnnts position as compositor or fore-
man on country •■•■.. Box 12S1, Call office.
ENGINEER of long esp*rlen<-» on stntlonary
engines cr.J errcttn^ pump plants wants posi-
tion; flrst-fla»s rejrrences. Address B. 8.,
Engineer, Martinez, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ',
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has beer: established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Op'-n till .< p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt.: Ql<en till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
len« !.•■ fct.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
r_-^-^r _-^-^. l-rw . .^^^T^.-^-^-,^-,. -.^.^.^^ -_.,_, i
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician. i
1"71'; Market St., San Francisco; exam. free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches i
J. If. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
Ml^ Mß * w^ M^*"^^"* M^^'^^™ MM ** w * MM^^^^^*»^ B » BB ' Mla^»»^ MI> »»»»»Ma»»jajSßMt; I
FLATS TO LET. j
$100,100 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver, seal- I
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ELEGANT flat; € rooms and bath; all latest
Improvement*. 713 Grove el.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10
Montgomery st.
FLAT. I rooms, yard. $14; also cottage, i
rooms, $10. Key 623 Second st.
FLAT of I rocms and bath. «1 Hermann st.,
corner of Stevenson.
MCALLISTER. 112 i» — Upper Bat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY bay window flats, 7 r .cms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417 1 4 Third.
WELL furnished flat of 6 rooms; piano; call
from 4 to 6. 2726 Howard St.
SUNNY data, 3 and 4 rooms and baths. Inquire !
at 16M Howard St., near Twelfth.
7 SUNNY rooms; bay-window modern flat. 1711
Polk St., near Clay: $25.
V&— NEW upper fiat . S rooms and bath. 1602
Turk st., comer Pierce.
IS— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 17 Pearl st. off
Market, near Valencia.
$1" FLAT nf 4 rooms to let. PIS F.lsom St.
Fl lIMTI HE for male.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes $« tt*
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs'
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evening.
FURNITURE of a £room flat. 3 bed, Bitting
_kltchen.^cheap; month's rent pd. 25 Birch aval
4 ROOMS furnished in onk for Ji^ 50. with No
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market!
FURNITURE WANTED. ~~
ALFRED WOLLPERTvS77»JMJssIon*st. paTs
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED $5000 carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. SUverateln. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FURS, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrak.fti yokes $io to
$20. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE^
2 YOUNG girls Just arrived from Germany
wish situations at general housework. Please
apply at 4424 Jessie pi., near Sixth.
APPRENTICES OB shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory cor-
rur Cough ii.. l Grove s ts.
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework; 2 in I
family. Call at 1135 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light" housework ;
wages $10. 2C50 Twenty-first at
WANTED-Glrl to assist with housework
Apply at 1111 Green st,
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HAN.-: . & CO.TTir.'.^.^.lM GEARY ST.
10 Waitresses hotels, city and country. $20;
1 chambermaids to wait. HO; cook. $30. $35.
and dtshwafher, $15- lady Ironer and polisher,
Short distance In country. J3"; 6 restaurant
waitresses. $g, $5 week: laundress. $20. tlrst-
class country hotel.
■•■• FAMILY ORDERS y:;:-
10 Swedish and German girls, housework. $2o:
housekeeper and companion to old lady. $15
'Swedish or German)- 20 girls, housework.
?;.".. $: C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1»4 Hear)
WANTED no wasUTwS: • cooks. Ger-
man .-tyle. $25; Protestant cook. $30. short
distance; 3 cooks, plain wash, $25 and $30;
Protestant parlor maid and waitress. $25; 5
swond girls. $15; second girl. $-0. $25; German
second girl an.i nurse. $:u; hotel waitress, $20:
restaurant, $:. and $6; restaurant cook. $7
week; hotel cook $25; 2 nurse girls, $20; a
number of girls for housework In city and
country. $20 $25 $30. J. F. CROBBTT & CO..
316 Butter st. '
AN Institution cook, $."".: City. MISS CULLEN.
325 Buttei at.
FRENCH or Spanish girl to mind child; $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Buttei at^
NURSE and seamstress. $20. Oakland: nurse,
Santa Cruz. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter.
WANTED good coat finishers nnd 2 but-
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 133
Natoma st.
WANTED First-class finisher on coats. 134
Ellis, A I. SMITH TAILORING CO.: : -i
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted: also ap-
prentices, at COSGHOVE'S. 1416 Polk st.
PROTESTANT housekeeper for country hotel;
north. Box 1241 Call ofP.ce.
WANTED— Young girl to wait at table. 619
Poet st. . I
GIRL to assist light housework; 2 in family; J
_ _i2_ 12. 2917 Harrison st.
YOUNG girl. 14 to 16. to help mind baby. 1162
Post St.. near Laguna. ________________
RELIABLE girl; good cook: l'.ght housework;
for family of 3. Call 1130 Ellis st^
PHOTOGRAPH wnnted-Good retoucher
and toner. JOHNSON'S Studio. 55 Third at.
WANTED— Talloress to work on men's coats, j
2i' 1 -i Geary si . room 46.
STRONG German girl for general housework.
Inquire within 3 days, 61< Mission st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; call early.
631 Clay st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 344 i
lOth, cor. Capp st.
WANTED— Woman to assist In dining room.
1 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant. 406 ,
McAllister st. |
WANTED— A girl to learn dressmaking. 337 j
Eddy st. !
WANTED Good chambermaid; wages $25. 513
Sacrumonto st.
WANTED— OIrI for light housework; no chll- ;
■ Inn; evenings and Sunday afternoons free-
must rleep at home. Apply at 2108 Taylor St.,
9 to 11 a. m.
A LADY hairdresser: one that understands
shorthand and typewriting. MOLER'S Bar-
ber nd Hatrdresslng College. 635 Clay St.
A LADY hairdresser for three hours' work each
day. MOLER'S BARBER AND HAIRDRESS-
INO COLLEGE. OS Clay s^
WANTED Young girl for general housework.
1527 Mason st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week, Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
009.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver.
skins. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay. \
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcriptions
received at Call branch . rflce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
nt 1222 Polk St.; open until I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- 1
lencia st.
j
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN CS~4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M
12 laborers, city Job $30 ami found
6 drillers, city Job $60 1
9 farm hands $2>5, $25. $20 and found I
6 teamsters, fare $1, ?. and $4; horses
$2, $2 25 day
J>3 woodchoppers, tie makers; t(>ols and food
found $2 '■'■. $1 M, $1 cord, »c, 12c each
2 blacksmiths, country shop
L' boys to drive bakery and milk wagons
9 CARPENTERS
8 hour work, 2 months' Job, free fare ..$3 day
coachman, see boss •re 10 a. m
$'.'5 and found
piano player, country resort
1 " .*>> * week and found
MURRAY & READY.
•y^ <£< and M Clay st.
HOTEL .... BAKERY .... LAUNDRY DEPT,
11 cooks, city and country
HO, $35. $•■!•'. $25 and found
2 head waiters, 4 waiters <
$35. $30. $25. $20 and found
Bakrr. small shop, fare $1 $30 and found
.man for delicacy store $40 and found
man to run Tyler Ironer. country
BO and found
MURRAY & READY,
.■••■•.• 634 and 636 Clay st.
STEWARD, $50, country hotelT^ee boss here
to-day early
MURRAY & READY,
>'■'* and >'''.'■> Clay st.
C P. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
Teamsters and stone masons for the Coast
road, free fare; ship Sunday; 20 farmers for
orchard work, $20 and board: 6 drillers for a
quarry. $2 a lay; I single hand miners, $2.10
a day: ranch blacksmith. $35.
Bhampooer for Turkish baths, country. $40; I
cook for a country hospital, $40; luneh'-coun-
ter man. {HO. C. R. HANBEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED * milkers, BO an.l found; see pro-
prietor between 10 and 11 this morning at C.
it. HANSEN'S. 104 Geary st. \
WANTED quartz miners, north. $2 50 day; '
3 miners, south. $2 50 day; tlmberman for
mine. $1: 75 day; errand boy, $15; pruner, $1
day; German vineyard man and wife, $30;
cooks, waiters, baker's helper, dishwashers
and others. .'. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 j
Sacramento st.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the !
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. : in con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bar-
bers; letters referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamped envelope
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
South 11. WM. HABERECHT, manager. 1205
Market et.. corner of Eighth, formerly of the ;
/ere. Eureka. Humboldt Co.. and Vallej...
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs, i
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Employ-
ment, H. Bernard, Bee, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A young man to -drive delivery wa- .
gon; must have experience In Western Addi-
tion; state where hist driving and how long; 1
wages. $6 p«r week. Address 11., box 14S1,
Call office.
WANTED — Boy who understands carpenter
work; steady position. Apply to-morrow
morning. 53-55 Tehama st.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
collect; will pay $15 per week; must have $75
cash; stendy place. Apply 1016 Market, r. 10.
2 BARBERS for country, $10 a week, board
and lodging, Call early. H. BERNARD, 101 i
Seventh st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 538
Valencia st.
WANTED Good oyster cook. 126 3d St.; good
wages. T •■■•..*
PORTER for barber shop; must be first-class.
34 Fourth st.
I FIRST-CLASS barber". 1205 Market
$160— WANTED, partner in a produce business
to drive w.tgon. 1126 Harrison st.
NIGHT dishwasher wanted at 1416 Turk st.
fall between I and 10 a. m.
I-CHAIR barber shop: must nell Immediately |
account sickness. 3034 Broderick. near Oak. I
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denier House 217 Third St.: 150 laj-g*
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
fcklns, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
WANTED Reliable man to deliver and col-
lect; salary jr. a week and expenses; state,
age. etc. Globe Company, 723 Chestnut St..
Philadelphia. Pa,
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the I
center of this city; reason, death of proprie- I
tor; must be sold; rent $25. For particulars
call on H. SCHEUNERT. 927 Market st.
WANTED— 100 men to try our 13c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
m . near Polk.
WANTED Good cake baker. 1139 Folsom Bt.
between Seventh and Eighth.
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler. 328 Bush St.. third I
Boor, room 4.
WANTED— First-class quarry and planer men.
, Colusa Stone, Co.. 206 Kearny st.
:■'■■' PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, ' half
price. C 62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-class bootblack to rent stand;
good location. 1205 Market: barber ahon.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Foreman In large coal yard: one
who understands his business and Is willing
to work. Apply 204 Front st . first floor, »
o'clock Friday or Saturday morning.
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wage*;
call or write tor free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, CSS Clay st.
BARBERS — A 2-chalr completely furnished
chop, with living room, to let or for sale I
cheap: corner. 34SG Twenty-llftu it., near
Valencia.
WANTED— Swansen the washer to send his
address to i' O. box 557, Woodland, cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c to
50c. 5C2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and : ! sts.
WANTED — Good waiter; one that can open
oysters. 105 California Market.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, tt Steuart si
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD & CO.. attor-
ne>F. Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barter College. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
»i week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
MO SINGLE furnished rooms. We, ISc and r>c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House. »37 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; Be a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotrl. 44 Third St.. Dear Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, Be night; reading room; free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions I
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions baa been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until '." p. m.
a BRANCH office for I all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the |
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky its. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nnd
subscriptions bat been eatnbllshed at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LITE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, bugzles,
carts, harness. Grand Arrade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft nnd driving horses at 1621 i
and ItS Market St., between Twelfth and ;
Brady; also seme fins matched black teams.
WANTED— Good light single wagon, horse and
harness; cheap, 44 Donohoe building.
A CARLOAD of good work horses, one span
weighing, MM 1751 Mission st.
HOI — LODGING — FOR SALE. J
11900— CO-ROOM house; best location city; near
Market; all rented. BABILE, 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BARILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
11 ROOMS: well fur.: steady roomers; north
Market; bargain. ALFA CO., Ml Market.
A FAMILY can make a fine living by Invest-
ing 129 In a small lodging-houre north of
Market st. Inqulse box its:, Call.
GOOD i>aylng; 6» rooms; rent $50; for sale
cheap. 247 Second st.
SUNNY fiat; «11 rented; select roomers; over
drugstore. ICC! Fi 1?- m st.
IS ROOMS elegantly furnished, cost $3500 (new).
$ISOO. Box 1351. Call office.
29 ROOMS; rent $90; north of Ellis, nr. Jones
St.; $1150. Box m, Call office.
16 ROOM boarding-house; Geary Ft.; $1150; want
larger house. Box 1350. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBBEN * CO., 14 Montgomery.
RENT US lloiue S rooms and bath; large yard
and big basement. 354 Eureka et. ; key at 356 '<
Eureka St., near Twenty-tlrst.
COFFEY, HUGHES & lIERBST removed to 630 i
Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel; houses, flats,
etc., all sizes and prices, to let.
HOUSE hunting mads easy with the printed
list you get trim BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
CHEAP h iuse 10 room* and bath; In excellent
order: only $20. 62 Tehama st.. nr. Second.
BROADWAY, IMt rooms, bath, laundry: fine
marine view; rent $20.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath; furnished. $35;
unfurnished $25. 1116 Leavenworth st.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 122 Fremont st., near Harrison.
12 ROOMS and bath; Geary »t.. opp. Union
square; partly rented. Box A2I& CalL
JlO/iOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver, seal-
skins, pianos. Kirns Uncle Harris. 15 Grant iv.
LOST AMI l'(M \D.
LOST— On Nov. 30. on Mission St.. between 13th
and Hth. one very old black and tan dog, al-
most blind; name "Grover"; license tng 586;
12. M reward If returned to L. L.. 141S>i How-
ard st.
I>T»ST— Nov. 2«. a small purse containing 4 or 5 '
$5 gold pieces; suitable reward. Room 609.
Call building.
LOST l child's tan overcoat and 1 navy blue!
cape lined red, on bench, near water at i
chutes. Return 2017 Webster and get reward.
LOST— Tuesday, light mink boa: Howard, 6th,
Stevenson and 3d. Reward S3B Howard st. '
FOUND— Bird dog; owner can have same by
calling at 511 Natoma st. and paying expenses.
TUESDAY evening; opal scarfpln. surrounded
by diamonds; $10 reward If finder will re-
• turn to 555 Market st.
THE lady who dropped umbrella from Sacra-
mento-st. car will receive uime at 626 Powell
st. upon description an.l payment of adver-
tisement.
FOUND— Gray horse; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Al<-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 643 Bryant st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
GOLD quartz rock, small or large pieces, $22
per ounce for the gold In It. 32S Bush »t..
third floor, room 4.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1U23 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
boUKlit. cold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AT lass than cost;, uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market Ft.
Caution— He sure you go to the right store.
721 Market St.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his nnme being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
A VERY fine latest style sealskin Jacket for
$110, worth MOO, at UNCLE HARRIS", 15
Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS fixtures: suitable for grocery or
shoe store. cheap. 736 Valencia at.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants.
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion saf.ii, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., -11l Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs "T. ("art" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R. i
CHURCH. 307 Sansom» St.; tel. Main 6086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. & locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka '
Breakwater. .1 B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont. !
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
M 3 Market st., San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand flot machines bought
nnd sold. W. C. BENTHAM, 113 Kearny st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. p O
ular Pries Hatters. 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
CLOSING out of M new and M hand heaters
and ranges: from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
ANTIQUE brass candelabrum, 400 years old
and chandeliers for sale. 72S^i Howard st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. Jl" MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSFV
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission!
BOILERS, engines, drill planers. lathes
Iron ft wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale!
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. 11. S. White. 516 Mission!
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.tH Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New J nd second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, countert.shelvlng.shnwcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. HIS Mli-slon: tel. Jessie 1163. Q
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewel rv
$22 per ounce for gold In It. 323 Bush st.. 3d
noor, room 4.
LOT *&*!•», city, exchange lodging house or
furniture of any kind. 12>7 Folsom st.
1 ' To hire 100 flrst-class scraper teams
grox^EiS.Sftu*' J ba " ; long Job " *"•
LADIES' and children's cast-oft dresses bought
•.nd Bold. J. Sllvprman. $8* Folsom. nr^ Bth.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market'
has returned from Europe with Improved
method* and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. S3; warranted; 13 years' successful prac-
tlce in S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WTETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tatlon fie*>, home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. S3. Ml Post st., between Hyde
and Larkln; hours, 10 to 3, 7 to S.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best i>o»8lble care
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. l>ct. Hy.ie
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on physician with man's knowledge; 15;
cure sent; private home in confinement. SIS
Kearny st. . consultation free: guaranteed.
PRIVATE confinement home: sunny room*:
best of care; nice garden; medicate steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES 122? Market; ladles'
physician: chronic disease* treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment S3.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. M-ison and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $3: hour« 9 a. m. to .'• p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1075 Market St.; hours. 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye., 6 to 9 p. m. : guaranteed treatment. '*•
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
st.: every case guaranteed: 33 up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 10224 Market H.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the hum.Tn body. Il'I 1 ' Mason st.
MHOBf K\lt afIHIHG.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. »ta
floor. Mills building. S. P.: tel. Main »44.
RICH Cape Nome claim on branch of Russell
Creek; • half Interest for $300: by young
mm in Immediate need of funds: full detail
on application: excellent opportunity 'or party
going there. W. F. ARAM. Mill* i)ldg.. H. F.
MUSICA I. I .VSTII KM EXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you rhould pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three yean an have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for JG per month, and some go^d
pUnos for S3. S4 and S3 per month. SHER-
man. CLAY A.- CO.. Bteinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 3") O'Farrell ft.; pianos, organs an<l
all other miiHlcal Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE plnnos; new scale; new styles. 'lI-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
S4. $4. Ji. »4. U. «4 per month.
2 Chlckerlngx. 2 Stelnways, 1 Vos* & Boaa and
il ft >* other slightly used high and medium
grail- |>lunos: >(.--. discounts for cash.
. HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
THE best piano* for the least money at MAI'-
VAIS'. 7C« Market st.
SEE the new Packard Pianos and organs at
MAXIVAIS'. "•■ Market ft.; they are beauties.
OLYMPIA music boxes are the latest and best;
they i,.;. all kind? of tunes. Agency at
MAUVAIS'. M Market.
SECOND hand, upright or square piano; must
- be In good order; very 1 bet p. for rash. Ad-
dress. sMtln*; prlr- .-ml wrhera to be seen.
MRS GEORGE KKYSER. Peralta P. O.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 224 Post st.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand planon on
storage at auction irli-es; oh-.ip for cash
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market «t.
A VERT fine upright, slightly u«ed. sacrificed
for cash. Rrom 12. Flood building.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright: *acrlflecd.
KEKFFK'S. 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
XV. R BADGER. 412 Sacramento st . agent for
Francis Bacon and Ha 1 1( & Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY,
30S Pt>Rt Ft.
GOOD upright piano, nearly n«w; chea^T
HORXUXO'S. 21S McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. ■•MM 1C
McAllister St.. next ilihernla Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30g
SUPERIOR violin*, zithem. old and n»ir h"
MLLLj.R. maker, repairer. .' Latham place.
MOM.V TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see m«»: J.V)
to S100.0O0; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
an.i money furnished P. A. in. 626 Markt.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first"
*eeend mortgage! estates In probate, Interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages. n.n!ld*miBl: advice rree. O F
OLSEN. room 16. iir>t flcor. Chronicle bl-ig.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak^
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moral; no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., "above SlxtV
telephone South 14.
ANY amount at I per cent; Ist. m and 3d mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate | n pro-
bate; mortgages an ,i lecacles bought; no de-
lay; gel my terms before d>lng business clse-
whero. R. Mc-COLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ON furniture and pianos without removal
quick •enrtce; mon»y direct and lowest inter-
est. Room 68 and OS, Donohoe Bldg., 11: Mar-
ket at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
st.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or M mortgages, and on
furniture or plan.. ; do removal; any amount'
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st. '
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth*-
highest prices Jor old gold, silver, diamonds. '
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
'•••'■- ."t° " >moval : IOW rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bUJg., 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. a respectable and vri~-
vate place to borrow money on watches dla-
monds. etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 103 Examiner bldg.
TO tried men; without collateral or Indorse?
aB. F.I Discount Agency.l 143 l'h»lvn bldg.
SSOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON I CO.. 1026 Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large! salaries-
rents. KLOTH. 220 California at." room 1
m TO mjm-, lowest rates;.Ul and Id mortgs""-
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.'
ON furniture, pianos, "without removal;* no
commission; private. LICK 1U McAJlUter st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and~ydu~~nVid
more money *..,. 11. MURPHY. 623 Market st
J>FF|CK.S AMI STORKS TO LET.
ELEGANT XK 1 "** Bto "rrn"n77o^mTln~r^a7';
large dry basement; suitable for any business
9 " Twen^n l -; U , nde , r Hotel Dennlsti IncOr:1 n c Or :
ncr Twenty-first; business .enter of Mission.
DESK room in Parrotl building to let Call 4*~-
Parrott building between 2 and 3 p. m.
T v. LET ~NI~ Nlc * M ' r w and c ' m * nt ■■■■■■■! «21
_\allejo st.. cor. Montgomery aye.; cheap.
EMMA SPRECKELS~i7uTIdi^ K . 927 Market st.-
Light sunny offices. SI2 30 to 120 per month
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read with, .it a "question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln li«. MRS. 1..
PERSONALS.
HEINRICK A TmTTE^M^o'nTi^wTn'g his
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST U.
TIETJE. 1205 Kearny ft.
GERMAN thlp carpenter would like the ac-
quaintance of German servant girl: object
matrimony; no mil n Address Box 1247 Call.
WANTED Well-to-do family to give good
home to bright girl 10 years and boy I years.
Box 1492. Call office.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA hair tonic will
give any one a l.ruuuful head of hair. LED-
KKKR uses no other: 35c bottle. 123 Stockton.
GO to LEDERER. ha does your hair in the
most becoming style for Be; manicuring 25c;
switches SI Up; open Sundays and hoi .11. lays.
> a, m. to 12 m. O. l.e,i<-r-r. 123 Stockton st.
PIANO tuning and repairing. O. H. KUHN.
formerly with Steinway A Sons; res. UO 10th. I
cor. Clay. Oakland; 23 years' experience.
MRS. L.J. WHEEL" » X has removed La Verlte
parlors to 1140 Market St.; phone Folsom 44«.
MANILA French laundry: cleaning, dyeing;
curtains, 3.V? up; avoid holiday rush. 542 Geary.
FREE SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS: no deposit: every Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday of this month a!
MacLELLAND.S, M O'Farrell st.
ELEGA^". remnants for suits, 110 75; pants. 1
. S3 75. or overcoats, 912 50; made to order; I
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1«4» Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
• HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
— — — — 4
PEKSO>A',S.
JOHNTTIitOONE. 1 .-..• • Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Lnws a «r>*clalty.
San Francisco. cat. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 100 room*:
23c to SI 50 per night; SI M to S« per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country order* •©-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN • CO.. "U Market *t.
ARTISTIC halr.lre . 25c; shampooing. Be:
halrdreslng and manicuring taught. fp-to-
Date Parlor*. 1026 Market »t.. over Wonder.
A. KLEIN buys thing, brlc-.*-r>rae. mis aad
old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ONLY tore that buys old cold jTwelry and
■:-off clothing. COLEMAN'B. S0« Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off thing and brlc-a-
_brac. i t . MARKS. 2f.5 Third ft.: send postal.
™^»NTINQ nnfl Paperhancing; rooms pare"
-^-^-^-JH^^lL *_PATH. 31S Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: books bought.
-— fL^^^ft^tM Dupont *t.. near Cal.
""'•^Tl^E CO . "h7l7s~p^clallsts. grow hair
fr no pay; book for stamp. « Eddy st.
IN^! rSTA J 1ON *- N>w '"ventlon for china dee-
oratora. Fee S. R I'HI'I VT, .-sow st.
UA^ll MA . N *. CO - m^ ot tin* '»"• ■ nd ■•■'
garments; ''w rnnoO>lln«. 104 Kearny ft.
Inr t m lsh ~ ult vnUl " tor r™* cast-off eloth-
lng call en B. COII EN. r,7 Third st.
R ni^ T . URF:> * tr ' cf ' lr ' e,,red; no knife: no Injec-
tion. gn.Tra^td I _r>r_Gordln_M« pine. ab.Krny.
W JeweTe I r D^i ) n-# nn ' (1 f° T "«"""«>»:. O. NObTE.
Jeweler. ?H O F.irreM. bet. Paw>|| >nd M,i.-i
7 PIIOTOCIiAPHIC SUPPLIES.
F l N^ifT " n<l . fu "* st ■ toek s 'Mtun i««al' and
prompt service. rountrv order, our laity;
cntaloyue free. c*\. rarr»r* Co.. 22 Ce^ry st.
PROPKRTI TO LEASE.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. ~
To !ease-Rlork No. 2; 412:«x2T3: bntjnded by
l.:irkin. II 1;. •■>. I'olk and Grove sts j for a>
t' # rm of years.
I'roposaU will be received at the Mechanics*
Institute. 31 Post St.
"I *« estate — city— 'fob BALE.
55400— MODERN 3-rot.m cottage on Iwtiiajilalasd
street; lot 25x130; also a lam* 7-room nous*
on Pierce St.. near !la:ght; houses built la
suit purchaser; easy terms, Inquire en preia.
Ises. F. NELSON, builder.
WE can help you buy a hi me by advancing
the necessary money. ACME BUILDINCJ
AND LOAN ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st.
FOR sale cheap: n»w 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latest improvements; Noe an I Hill St.. near
Castro ft. Ira; patent sidewalk.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gat* Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell taem.
rail on XV. J. <)I".NN. 410 Montgomery st.
sUCAI* BSTATI — mum It — For «ale
FOR Sale — One hundred acres choice beet land,
one mile from Salinas. B. H. GRAVES. Eli
Hayes st.
HI.M l>l\ll WANTED.
WANTED— Lot 1) or CO ft., on Howard or Fol-
som sts., E. of Fourth. Address W. H. C,
l>ox 1487. Call office. . .
ROOMS FOH HOUSEKEEPING.
SIOC.fCO TO loan on diamonds, watches. stiver. seal*
tklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant a>v.
A BRANCH ofllce for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk L; open until 9p. m.
BIRCn aye., 3G— Nice sum front room and
kitchen: quiet people only; no children.
EDDY. V~t — Nicely ' furnished pleasant front
rooms; gas; bath: terms reasonable.
FIFTH. 33.T— 5 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, Sl3: also single rms.. J". tt and S7.
HARRISON. 72< — Two sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; IS.
I JONES. 111—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; ground floor.
LEWIS. IS. off Tnylor. near Post— 3 completely
furnished front rooms: j:t •
MINNA. 25 — Furnished rooms and sunny base-
ment housekeeping rooms iheap.
O'FARRELL. 20*— .*! nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; vry reasonable.
POLK. 717—2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
TEIIAMA. 331—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: »tatlonary tub* and bath.
TENTH. 136. near Mission— Sunny room for
housekeeping: also single.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; enm-
| plcte; first floor; hot and cold water, bath. gas.
j TT'RK. IC2A— 3 nicely furnished rooms for
I housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3165— N-ar Howard: J nice
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
UNFURNISHED upper floor and bathT~F)
Willow aye. Apply 723 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch o:flce. 22i«) M:!m <r* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at MM Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Para, find t mtmru.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ha« been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until » p. m.
I AN up-to-date new fireproof building. Ban An-
tonio; new furniture, hot and cold water, ra-
diators, grates, suites; when seen are appreci-
ated. 21 Taylor St.. near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 141 Sixth— Rooms
23c to II per night; $1 25 to S3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms tOe to SI SO day. MRS. J. KINO.
BURNETT. 142« Market (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. i: *: Market, ror. Golden Gate
aye.— gunny corner; well turn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
re, el at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ELLIS, Sl?— Large sunny room; suitable for 1
gentlemen; everything now.
FOURTH. ?22Yi— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
wtndow and stngle rooms; reasonable; quiet.
GEARY. 14A— Nicety furnished sunny salte;
single rooms. S6 month up: water; gas.
GEARY. t£S— Nice funny suite for housekeep-
ing; other rooms; hot and cold water; phone.
GIRARD House— l 92 Seventh— Sunny furnUhed
rooms; day or week: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN-Smitheast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en rait* or
■Ingle; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7JI Mission-Select family
rooming house; SI 30 to U per week.
HARRISON. 7*44. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms; bath; all latest convenience*;
homelike. SI week up.
HOWARD, 715— 2CO sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 7Sl4— Nicely furnished sunny
double and single rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, »2>-Clean. respectable. 25c to St per
night; from SI per week to 13; Howard-st. car
to the door.
MARKET. 765 (Dewey House)— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 7C2H- 3 ntce rooms for house-
keeping: also single and suites; bath; gas.
MINNA. 24',. rear Nice furnished room.
MINNA. MT. corner Eighth— Newly tarnished
bay-wlrdow room. SI per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1013 Marl Nicely furnlihed:
33c day up; S2 week up; transient.
OAK. 118— Large newly furnUhed room; gentle-
man preferred; gas and bath.
O # FARRELL. 20—Sunny furnl«he.i rooms and
offices: elevator: electric light*; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 304— Newly furnished, new house;
latest Improvements; front rooms. U up.
POST. 1023A— Elecantly furnished rooms; bath
and all modern conveniences:.
POWELL. 612 A —Large sunny front and back
parlor, suitable for 2 ■nts; newly furnished.
ROSEDALE. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor—loo rooms;
25c a night: SI a week; transient.
ROYAL House I 2« Ellis st.— lncandescent llghf
rendlng-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
1 '"■■ rooms, per night. J3c to SI M; week, C to
$S: month. I • to S3»: elevator on office floor-
rooms with hot. cold wajer; bath*.
SHERMAN Apartment House 7 a Eighth st
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. *
SUTTER. 30) -Cozy newly"~^«red rooms-
downtown; g»nts only. . , .
■UTTER 703— Office cf late Dr. Robertson* alia
other sunny, handsome rooms.
THE Oaks. 11!» Thlnl-A good rooming-house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. *nOOMS WAVTGD.
GENT wcii!d likt nicely fumUhed roea In
»rrict!y : r:v»te family. Box 1244. Call.
SPECIAI. Mi riCBI
PAD tenants ejected fcr $4; c«lle«i^n7~rnade'-
Cftjr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO !
|U M<-.icomery «.. rooms »-l0; tel. K-SO.
R'"M".MS paper-d frcra t3:' whitened II UD -
painting dor.c. Hartman Paint Co.. Sis Thlrdl
A WEEK'S newrs for 5 cent*— The Weekly Can"
•/ i>p.-h. in xvtarjx-r. f. r mailing. $1 pef year!
___^
m:wi>c^m4ciii\es (mi supfliks'.
n MONTHLY. rentedT~r^pa7redrb^ht~B^id-
n >-Mr> furrlles. ia Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. *-M. ♦xehanged!"^nledTre"
•■■•■t-.ic i.t l-we»t rat>«. m Fmirth st.
*tok *«;n a\d IBGKOI Bl -
: >Lps Ptora^7""a7>d"liortnT^"
Office. «n ro*t rt.. ccr. Powell; trt- Mala £Til
TAT.A. ?~<.c« W'arehm:»e F. SMITH Pt«b~
; V.y - c >'.» r-^arnr.teed: tel. Clay z£
W ATCTI HI I'uniM,.
-unefl TSc; guaranteed 2*Vea"rT
-v. v .•■ an,! C^'Ar*} Co . ,M> K^rr.v
■ SEMENTi
ALAUEDA 1(1 M ESTATE.
a HOME ~ ~—
. /• 'Wttlea. ecafilUoo aai icvatlcn- I
UUAMEDA * *>" board;
! •:r. for ladles in' "df!icati"r^aHhT~"Ta-^
x
tDYERTISEMENTS
Br.nKEu:v ni:AL e«t\tk.
J ELEJa.nt t-roca rcloeUl h mca ; adlacent
ta\v % ? r 22A'f^J;S J u « completed; pTr^aTa
1 *--*i • natural wx « ali do *■•
SSS?»W4r?^K rrt -W.ge^'ter^s
•trefl M. L. tN-1.-RTH.' l?th it Bway. Oak>nd.
cut '•** * <Jul7k*eiier~E"
E ELNCF: _-jg_^ o 5'> w »y. Oikland.
A WEEK'S new* fcr I cents. The Weekly CalL i
.* r&r... in aratrer. f-r tr.alllr.g. V. pef vAr!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS ROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
A-m CASH. J« monthly till raid: chicken rua ■
CMI^S fert. : rice, e'.l told. I1J0; level land; !
»a.ns! laam. J to 7 feet deep: no adobe: p!erty
ol g->d water; »!te and climate superb- no
co:d -n'.rir or fogs her*: build your home cr
we »;:i bu'.ll for you: rtop payta* rent: near !
electric cars anl f-J- foot-wide boulevard: not
far rroa a f.n. school: Westall tract, aaloln-
lr^ i.i» t <»ukitr.<:: call cr ►er.l far <-ircu' I.ar»1 .ar»
4LS B«T*ath »t., n«^ar cor. Brcadwav Oak and-
carr.«ge tr-e. HENRY Z. JONES.' Owner.'
« ELEOANT huuf»s la course cf rcnnructlcn !
ess Hi st . bet Grer* and West. 2 c^raplet-d
ail ir.oien Improvements: street work, sid--' !
wa.V.- d~ne; .--.ail xayment down: balance :
Best Sly if desired; houwg open for Inspection
> *.* to 4 susaar*. J. n. simpson. ::: Sthac ;
V* BROADWAY. nAKLANP.
Ccrr.er rrr:-^ty: rr.t tV).r*4; equity W^ OCO-
lst«r»-« i per e*r.t: win exchange for a de«.l-I '
aUe ranch !n Call'crr.ia.
30-PAGE
rlt^c:g^n^wi?:ot;:r I t^c : g^n^wi?:ot ; :^ > " at ' *■
.
t2:.» I
:« sr-jTI rr!c« trr a l«.vy> hcase: think cf it-
:-roc» hcTise. with modern improvements;
AI location ar.d •irr j >and:nr«: clrse to schools '
car*, etc; let 4C*i:s ; get parti-ulara. J. s'
MYi:P.S. vet Dr^adway. Oakland. ■
irr.vV-rniGINAL cost UV*.
"An eventful chance"; 7-r^m hcuse. bath, i
gas. EBodem pVjrr.V.r.r: »tab>; f.ne locstlcn;
cc=-.—..'ir,i!r^ aspearanc*: c:c«» to schoota, j
train, etc: one s<«:dcm drop* en to such ai
targain; first cea«, first served. J. ■ '
MTrrtS. l>^ Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST anl *••;■•. '.n Anier'.-a-The Weekly '
CaJ'.. ;6 page*, sent to ar.v address in the I
T'n.'.M States cr Canada ore year for 11.
pes-.axe ;a:d
. j
oakum) iin\iTini: I ..»( calk. :
AJ» Introduction to y©« from H. Sheilhaa*. the
f-rr. •••■:-« H-a'.er. T'.th an. Prar.klln. Oak'.ir.l
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
CIV^rEND act!ce— mndend No. it (fifty cents
£er .tare) cf the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY. *!:: be payable at the efnee of
the corr.oar.y. IT7 Market *'. . en anl after
FRIDAY. December t IK9. Transfer bwks
W! close en SATVIUjAT. Ncven-brr Zl. 1»-J.
at :: o'clock rr..
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A TTfr^e T , vr ... r | evstswTiM Weekly Ca'.!.
1* par>-s in wraprer. f.-.r TTin'.'.lr.g. tl p»r yar.
LEGAL AD\ItRTISEafE.\TS.
IN the Superior Court cf the City and Count 7 •
ef San Francisco. State of Callfcmla.— ln the
Oatter cf Occidental IWt Sugar Company, a
eorj^'stlon. xip^a Its application for a Judg-
B^nt of dis»olut)"n— Notice No. 70,422.
Notice 1« hereby tiv« that OCCIDENTAL ,
I?EK7 ST.GAR COMPANY, a corporation or- .
cmstacd aad »il»-ir.K under and Ly virtue cf |
the lava of the Mate of California, and bar-
tnc Its cfSee and placa cf tucineM ir. the city I
ar.3 oooaty of San Francisco. State cf Call- .
rorrta. taa fi'.ed a verified application ad-
di>Med to the Sufrlor Ccurt of the city and
csnnty cf San Francts-o. Sute cf California, |
which ar;ilcutlcn !• signed by a majority /jf ,
th* Board of Director*, praying for a Judg- '
tser.t of diksw.lutl'n c.i aald carpcraUon. and
that Fr:ds>. December Sad. UML at JO o'clock !
a. rr... at the enurtrr-cia cf said court. D»- ,
-f'-wi V -~K».- -Vr : in «V> <~«Ty M»n o« '
the Ctty cr.d Cc^inty of Saa Franclseu. hare .
*•«£. arpclnted as the day. tl=.e aai place tor '
a* h»«rlr:r of nalfl app!lcat!cTi.
I* witnrns »herenf I have hereunto set my '
r»r.o fcn<3 aT.i-l the ofJUlal »»al of said Su- :
pen r Ccurt. thai lith day cf November. l*Y». ,
IrVail WM. A- DEANE. Clerk-
I'y JOSEPH RIORDAN. L-puty Clerk.
rn<s'-r»>e<!: Filed November ?\ Vsn WM. '
A :TANt. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
:*: _-y <r-»T%.
PRO PO SALS.
PP.OPOSAI-S.
F:.r fu-r.!sh!r.g <ju-;#t*. cork carpets and win- ■
ccw shades for the lUU at Justice and Morrue
Bgm. i
f the clerk of the Board cf Super- '
' "-• City and County of San Fran-!
Number r«. !»». In accordance with!
-. No. S72* (fourth »»rie«) of the Board '
rvsscr*. sealed propcsaU will be re- I
pet. ■-. ■ . r. of the Board of Super- I
*i rf . k^ir*»day afternoon. December «.
M to a o'clock, for furnishing all
.';! Cj rtt carpets and wlr.dsw shades
:/.'...' '■ rjf Jcstlee and Mcrcue buildings
S~2 ■ - -i^ «n1 to the satisfaction or
' '.. " * : - '•-•• architects, and the Com-
- ■
itt' * v ~* : * * T;4 **»* <*n»t« and hiing-
SCa * " V" •****•*** of Meases
In rut.i. ';: t ;^ U - aO<S tb * Committee
1 "mm
-
to be paid ■
mmmm
- kt| body
•■ ' HI
' *>t quality t
Bidders will . r \ P ';; T i '■ ' .
vfclch Ibey » i rurejS the £„£, **? or
can*ts. klao for tach wi-id ,1 Kl \ * <x>rit
the direct!.* ara to a* MtiJftSiS^w.' I ™*^
Kfcra A B3WS. ar-hit»cti and r M«-wn.
en Public Bui!l!r.r«. ' M<l lfct
V\ A .i*-T* Vl'A ►-» ::;!t mlrh thetr »j.
of all material Mi U ;^. n and , tat* »*»Pl«
j,rlce r«r each taarart rr^ fc j ll n f * » •'Parate
initted. l tt «*««i «uh-
Blddcrs will Ml m-tth rhe d'r-iftrt
standing thst i*j»arate eowr»euwtt Ibe aw?T
The r arty rr parties t-, whom e»rh „,,. „-
th» .nntracts c-ay \<* awarded wm gj r£'?j£
trier to or at the time of th* exectjUo^VT^'
contract*, to pay cne-thlrd the co« £? ? A h *
tlaing this notice In three dally w ;,."'"' r "
and each »tu«?r»srt;l bidder tn alii tavVh : rx
cf the publication In the official r.*wV.XS°!S
the rr* button awardln* htm his cvntraet
In . nler to rj*»'rvecnlfoTraity ln^ t(J : ' rt ,.
Late the award th* board ha* rew.ivefl ij, J.
reive mo bid unless made upon M aa k ror "l !
rrrparpd hy the committee and a r»r'i^ t
cherk on seme bank In the City .- - « r'-.V,'I?.
cf San Francl«co fnr the sum cf fire h U iir.i
<JV») dollars deposited by th» bidder with M.
bid and rr.ade payable to the clerk of th*
lioard cf huprnlsor«. crmdltJcned if ih, pr^l
I^»«l h* accepted and the contract fiw-«rav<i
and if the bidder shail fail or neglect to ,r
the printing «-!.anrei«. execute th» contract and
give the required bond within sli «l«jr« aft*r
th» award is made, then and in that <-.-<»•. .'|,»
raH «an be collected and patd Into the
city «ni orrjrty trea»mry br Mid cl«-rk as li~vil-
4»tr>4 damacen fcr such failure and neglect*
Blanks furnished hy the clerk.
The b*-mM rercrves the right to reject all
fcVi if ttc public good so require.
JNO. A. nUSSELL. aerk. j
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
For MaterUls for Repairs to Streets.
CLERK'S Office. Board of Supervisors. San
Francisco. November IS. UJ9.
In accordance with Resolution No. 5730
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
n»n ». ..; r. ot the Board cf Supenisors on
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. December «.
1539. frcm Z:t) to 3 o'clock, for furnishing and
delivering the following materials, at such
tiro*-* jnj pieces on the water front (except
«here oUMnriat provided), as may be required
and designated by the Superintendent of lab-
ile Streets, etc.. and his successor In oJfiee.
frcm December 1. IS?9. to December 1. 1900.
for repairs to puttie streets, to the satisfac-
tion of the Committee en Public Streets.
Highways and Squares, the Superintendent
cf Public Streets and h»« mecessor In office.
LUMBER— Of the best quality Oregon pln«
and redwood, astorted sixes, as may be re-
quired from lime to time, to be delivered at
the lumber yard cf the successful bidder tn
this city ar.d county at such times and in
*uch quantities as may. be required.
CALIFORNIA BASALT BLOCKS— Best
CjUSlity. to be not W* thnn 3»i ncr more than
«4 Inches in thickness and net leas than 7
Inches in depth, and not less than * nor more
than 12 Inches in length, well squared and
free from all Caws, sap and bunches. Said
blocks to be :-':• --<■ ! tn such quantities and
at such times and placts en the water front
as may be required and d-t;rnated by the
Superintendent oX Public Streets. Highways
and Squares.
GRAVEL— To be cf good quality beach
gravel, free frcra sand and dirt.
P.niCK— Hard-burned, of the best quality
d <-lay.
PORTLAND CEMENT— Of the best quality,
mhich. after betr.s; mixed on* week, must show
a ter.slle strength of S"0 pounas to the square
inch, to be delivered at the place of business
of the successful bldfler.
— NOTlCS— Bidders will estimate with Uh
■■•-•»■-. rr that bids will be entertained
enly fr«'m the parties known to be regular
dealers In the material required, arul that the
Board ct Supervisors Intends to award sepa-
rately each kind of material required to the
-owest refpontll * bidder therefor, and bid-
ders will state a price for lumber by the 10n0
fe*t, for basalt blocks ar.d bricks by the 1000.
gravel by the ton. and cement by the barrel
for ea<h of the several kinds, and must fur-
nish a samp'.e of ba&aU stone. » hlch they pro-
pose to furnish, to the Committee on Streets,
befcre th* contract for blocks is awarded.
Th» bidder, will be required to deposit with
the CWI; cf the Board of Supervisors a certi-
fied check driwn to the order of said clerk.
upon some bank In the City and County of
San Fr»nc!«?c. In the sum cf <~ne thousand
ttICX) dolUrs in gold coin, conditioned If the
prvjos.il 1* acto;it*»d ani the contract award-
ed, and If the bidder s^all rail or neglect to
fay the printing chatge*. execute the con-
tract end give the bond required within six
• * after the award Is made, then and in
that case the said sum shall be paid Into the
City tnd Cour.t}' Treasury by f*;d Clerk as
liquidated dan-.ages for such failure and neg-
lect.
The Superintendent of Public Streets and
Ms successor la office will be required to re-
port immediately to the Board of Supervisors
any failure upon the part of the contractor to
X't-rfcrm any of the covenants on his part in
said ccntract contained, and upon receipt of
ruch notification the Beard of Supervisors
shall terminate i-ald contract, and the same
fhall absolutely c*ase and determine.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate with the
d:.-t:r.ct ur.derMar.dlrr that th* iarty or par-
tie* t3 »h.»:n a centract 1« awarded fcr each
Kind of material will te required, prlcr to or
at the time of the execution of the contract,
to pay cne-fifth the cost of advertising this
notlc- in thre- daily newspaper*: also that
the further right is reserved by the Board of
fcuperviscrs to terminate the contract at any
time If the or parties to »htm the same
shall le awarded shall not perform the work
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintend-
ent of Public fctrfets, his successor la office
and the Board cf Supervisors.
, ?? h *.. B t* r(1 r***™** the right to reject all
Hut- if thr pjblic good so require.
ii;ank proposals rnrnUhed by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RI'SSELL. aerlc
EIETBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
ri , rth ;., Tr '* rrla « anl death notices rent by
Kaii»i,i a t be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ©ffie-s and be
iniorwl with the name and residence of per-
aons authorize to have the same published.
BORN.
W 1 CX.OFF— In this city. November 3? 1?59 to
the n:fe o' F. C. Wyckc-ff. a daughter.
iIRIED.
BAKER— MATTHEWSON— la this city No-
vember Jf- . !*>.<. at Howard -£t!>-*t"M. E.
Church, ty Rev. Vr. John A. B WUs<,n as-
sUted by Her. 11. C. Rlcfcardscn. Walter
i:_. ; :. r .-*- f San Franc'.sco and Ann* C»r-
delu Matthewson oi Oakland.
G"M'.\i:l«-CNGER— In this city. November
2*. liff, by the n«v. i'hilip Cex.Tnh*. Wlliwm
11. G<vldcrd iuid Adelaide E. I'r.ger.' b^th of
Ssr Franr!sco.
PrnOW-I-ETERSON— In this c:ty. November
?'. ;«?•. at Howard-street M. E. parsonage.
I ::.. i>\. H. <;. Richardson. William G.
I'*r->w and Alma Peterson, both vt S^n Fran-
c^co.
SMITH— R.VINES— In this city. November t\
ISO, at liox-ard-«tre.t M. E Church, by Rev.
Dr. Jutn A. U. Wilson. William X. Smith
cf Son Lnr*nio and Mrs. Aiitonetta 1-l : -.
o? Itcvo City. Utah.
V.'ILSON— HAIAr- la this city. November K.
I*??, by the Rev. E. H. Aver>". William I).
Wilson cf San Francisco and Nellie St Clalr
Hall of Marshtteid. Or.
DIED.
Adams. George W. Morrison. Maria E.
Be.l. William Murphy. John
B*-echer. Matthew Peder. Isidor
FvanelL Winifred P*a*e. John H.
Fr.edrich. George A. IVtersen. I'eter
Hopper. John E. Sherrett. George
Jacquenct. Xavler Sti^ry. Charles R.
Lawrence. Charles A. Skelly. J^hn
McGlynn. Thomas Van Bergen, Willltm
McCarthy. Jrremlah Van den Brrgh. Jcha
Mahan. Mary Wilson, Peter
ADAMS— In this elty, November 2S. US?.
Oeorire W.. I^-lored h':>band of IMse M
Adams, a native of i!»lne. aged 72 years.
i-»'< rtland and Maine j-«i>eni please copy.)
C^/Trlt-ndi anil ..,;.■.-••■•> are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at s o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. TOT Stockton street, near California,
thence to St. Mary's Church, corner Califor-
nia and Dupom rtr«»-ts, where a requiem
M<h mass will b* celebrated for the repoee
tf hK Sf,-^1 corr.rr»r.r'r.ir nt »-M o'clock. In-
ternient Htly Crots Cemetery.
BELL— In this city. November SO. IW. William
Bell, a native uf Tennessee, aged y»ars.
BEi:CHKR— In this city. November 3. lt».
Matthew Beecher, a native o< Ireland. aged
E5 years.
£7 Friends and ar-juaintances are respect-
fully United to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, frcm the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 107 Mission ftreet. between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Oia-
eterj'-
FENNELL— In this city. November V. IST*?.
Wir.lfrM. beloved wife of William Fenn.-11.
a::i of Mr*. O. H. Elliott. Mrs. Th .mas
Brooks and Charles p.. William H. and the
late John Joseph Gibbons, a native of County
Rose- mnv.n. Ireland. «ge,i is years. (Gal-
vet-ton. Texas. i>ap»-r* pleas* copy.)
C^Friends and acqualntancei are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Saturday), at *:3Q o'clock, from her late
rt-sld'-nce. 411 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solrir.n requiem miM
will be celebrated tar the repese of her soul,
commencms at 9 o'cloclt Interment Holy
Cross Cemeterj*.
CTUUDRICH— In this city. November 2«. IW3.
George- A., dearly beloved husband cf Etnma
F. Frledrich. and brother-in-law of Mrs. H.
Raymond, a native of Rochester. N. V . aged
Si years and 2 months. A member of Germa-
nla I. Ac- No. 7. O. d. 11. >.*:.! Court Robin
Hood. A. O. F.
tT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
• Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Cailfornla I'ndertaklng Company, 4'>s
Powell street, near Po«t. Interment Holy
Crtss Cemetery-.
HOPPEK— In this city. November ». IS?V -v.
Edwcrd. beloved husband of Ague* Hopper,
and father of John and Henry Hopper and
Mrs Cai.'.ain William RandaU. a drive of
Montreal. Canada, cged C« years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvltrd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Satuidayi. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 14! Pennsylvania venue, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second streetn. In-
terment Laurel Hill Ctmctery. P".ea*e omit
flowers.
SCANDINAVIAN Society— Officers and mem-
b>»rs are hereby notified to attend the funeral
cf our late member. John E. Hodd*i\ from
his late residence. 642 Pennsylvania avenue.
between Twenty-first and Twenty-second
streets to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:S) o'clock.
By crde- r.f OLIVER • I>::N. Pres.
C. A. ANDERSON. Secretary. >'■'.
JACQI'ENOT— In Hast Oakland. November to.
lji? Xavler Jarquenot. dearly beloved hus-
band of the late L"Ui.«e Jaequenot, and de-
voted father Of Mrs. L. ■ Heino .the late
Gecrre Jacquenot and Mrs. C. Thiele. a na-
tive r.t Frinee. aged a years und < months.
UWRESCE- In this city. November i\ li»,
Charles* A beloved eon of Charles and Mary
Lawrrnc*. » native of Ban Francisco, aged
I years ;' months and 24 days.
McGLYNN-In this city. November 3, I?t3.
Tr^maa. beloved husband of Honora Me-
GlySi^and father of Jack F Mary E. T.
and Annie K. McGlynn. a native of County
I>>nrfcrd. Ireland.
err Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully intited to attend the funeral this day
«Frt>av» «t J:W o'clock, from his late resl-
t>_ . -  -' lilt Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gam?h«-).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
M Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln --« " jl «
Telephone South »0. _^____
mcAUOY «Jt CO.. f
FUNERAL DIREXTTORS A EMUALMERS. I
li-j Market «.. betwern Sth and >th. C
Telephone -__-,! I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1899.
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his |
soul, commencing at 19 o'clock. Interment
Hciy Cru?s Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this .•■.. November M, lS9i,
Jcrt-miah McCarthy, a native of Ireland.
aped 64 years.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully tnvttcd to attend the funeral this day
i Friday), from the Chapel of the Passion. •
First streot. between Harrison and Bryant,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele- !
brat.M for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 7:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cexne-
ten by the 11:30 o'clock funeral train from
Third and Townsen-1 streets.
MAHAN— In this city, November SO. ISM. Mary.
bvloted wife of Joseph Mahan. daughter of
the late Michael and Margaret I>alton. and
sister of William and Kate Dalt.-n and Mrs.
R. O'Connor and the late John P. Dalton, a
natl\c of San Francisco.
MORRISON-In this city. November 17. ISS9.
Maria Estelle, dearly beloved daughter of
Malcolm and Albertlne Morrison, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
MURPHY— In this city. November M. 1599.
John, beloved husband of the late Maria Mur- '
phy, and father of Mary Murphy, a native of
Pittsburgh aged t> years. <Plttsburg and Va-
llejo papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place this day |
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Balated •- Co.. 546 Mission street. Interment
private. St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by 11 ,
o'clock creek route beat.
PEDER— In Oakland. November SO. I?S9. Isidor i
Peder. beloved husband of Yetta Peder. and
father cf Mrs. M. Levy, a native of Wltkan-
wo. Germany, aged to years 1 month and 17 I
days.
C7*Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
PEASE— In Oakland. November tt. ISS9. John '
11. Pease, father of Arthur and John Harper ■
Poase and Mrs. Alice Cannon, and brother of '■
Mrs. Susan H. Hcbbs and William C. and
Georse F. Peas-*, a native of Nantucket,
Mass.. aged 73 years ar.d 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited t« attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the '
residence of his dausrhfr. Mn. Alice Can- j
ncn. Ml Thirty-third street. Oakland.
PETERSEN— In Haywards. November 2S, 1559. !
Peter Petersen. beloved husband of Mary
I'etersen. a native cf Denmark, aged -J years
1 mjnth and 3 days. •
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services ;
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the Con-
rrecaticnal Church at Haywards. Interment j
Lone Tree Cemetery. Haywards.
SIIERRETT-In this city. November S9. UM. •
Gtv>rite. beloved husband of Kate Sherrett. j
son of Thomas and Julia Sherrett. and
brother of Dnntel T.. William and Lena Sher- ;
rett, a native of San Francisco, aged. 25 :
years.
CTFriends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at 5:3') o'clock, from his late res.!- I
der.ee. 434 Twenty-ninth street, thence to St. '
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church i
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele- ;
hrated for th« repose cf his soul, commencing '
at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- 1
fry-
STORY— November 30. 1133. Charles Robinson
Story, a native cf Manchester. Mass.. aged i
73 years. (Manchester, Mass., papers please :
copy.)
C^Funeral and Interment private.
SKELLY— In this city. November 2S. ISJ9, John. ;
beloved husband of the late Margaret Skelly. j
and father of James T.. Annie E.. John W.
and Francis J. Skel'y. a native of County
Lsneford. Ireland, aged C 5 > ears.
CT'Frlfnds and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Friday), at S:2O o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, T£ Rausch ftrert. thence to St. Jo- ;
I k>; h's Church, where a solemn requiem mass ;
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul. :
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount ,
Calvary Cemetsry.
K. R. B.— Knights of the Red Branch— Atten- I
tlon: The funeral delation will ass-embl* ;
at K. R. B. Hall. 1113 Mission street, this '
(Friday) morning it i o'clock sharp, to at- ;
ter.d the funeral obsequies of our late brother |
member. John Skeiiy. By order
THE PRESIDENT.
VAN PEr.r.KN— ln this city. November 3"\ ■
ISS9, William N.. be'oved son cf Rebecca and
the late Nicholas Van n«rjfen. aged 34 years. ;
CT Interment private.
VAN' DEN BERGH— In this city. John P. P. :
Van den Fergh. a native cf Alx-la-Chapell«, ,
Germany.
CTT'Kur.t.ral private.
WILSON— In this city. November 3*. 1?95.
Peter, Uearly bMoved husband cf Ro*anna :
Wilson, and" father cf Frank. Harry. Albert .
anJ Josephine Wll«on. a native of Stockholm.
Sweden, aged Sj years. (Stockholm. Sweden. ,
papr* please copy.)
CTFrtenJs ani acquaintances are respect- .
fully lnvite-i to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Saturdar). at 2 o'clock, frcm his late resi-
dence. 1024 V, I>rr«nt street, bt-tween Eichth 1
an! Ninth, f lnterment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joiwph F. and Maud M. Nolan to Eugenia
Muchol l^t on N line of Sutler street, 112:5 E
of n^char.an. E 25 by N 112:6; 110.
G'rrnan Savings and I»an Sccirty to Hush .
Me rum, let tn SW comer of California and !
MIMI. streets. S «7-« by W 3«; *10.
r>ani«l an.i Anna McPhe* to George R Lane. ;
lot on N tir.e of Fell street. Si. 3 E of Clayton.
c r by N 100: j:j.
HlbeiT.la Savings and Loan Society to John i
and Amelia Booth, lot en SW line of Nevada
street 125 SE of Fclsom. SE 22:6 by SW €3;
Ge-irpe T. Shaw to Elizabeth Shaw (wife), lot
on W lin« of San Carlo* avenue (Jessie). D 7
S of Twentieth street. S '2 by W 75: gUt.
Margaret Kenef.ek to Wtlhelmlne ll*rkmann.
lot on W line of Capp street. 17! a of Twenty-
second, s 22 by w i:.«: $10-
H Jon*-?, administrator of the »*tste of Han-
nah M. Roberts. R. T. Robert* iby John A.
Sullivan, commissioner) tn Der.nls Murray, lot
on S line of Twenty-third street. 10a E of Cas-
tro. E 00 by S 114; JUS 2.
I. • j..-- Wormy-r to William Babcock. lot on
SW corner of Battery and Ha!!eck streets. 8
04 by W 70; t!9.
Harry S. Smith to Catherine Hoch (wife of
Julius), lot on W line of Wetmore place. €0 N
of Clay street. N 31:6 by W i€: {18.
Daniel Buckley to J.-hn L. Haske'.l. lot on N
line of Bush street. 1~:« V. of Powell. W 19
by N 1S7:« (quitclaim deed): $10.
George MHVr (by C. L. Laumeister. Sheriff)
to J. M. Rendsburg. lot on NW comer of Pa-
cific and Mason streets. W 97:0 by N •»; $400.
George D. Toy. John M. RendsT.urr and T.
M. Osment to Grar» Rendshurit. sar.-.e; $1.
Walter E. and Helen C. Dean to Margaret A.
f-k«-!ly. lot on NW corner of Eddy and Taylor
stre-ts. W *•} by N *7:<; $1«.
Emily N. Huch»s (widow) to J. Frank Wal-
ters, lot on NE line of Hampton r'-ace. 98 SE
of Folsr.m street. SE 27 by NF! (S; $3024.
San Francisco Land Company • -ation)
to George Da\-is«. lot on W line of Fourteenth j
avenue. IP 1 ) N of Cal I fornla street. N SO by W 1
r; : $;"«5.
Carrl- E. and Her.ry B. Bridge to Margaret 1
Drummorri. lot on NX corner of f>m»it street i
and Thirty-second avenue. E 31:6 by N IX): II 1 ). '
Connor & Perry Tt-JM and Investment Tom- 1
par.y to John H. Hubbard. lots 11 to 14 and 21 '
X, :» block c. IoU 41 and 4*. block 23. Lake !
View; |10.
Alameda County.
J. B. White to Alice Whit- Fhebley fwlfe cf
J. ■; . ar.d Kate White Southworth (wife of
Edwin C). lot on NX corner of Thirteenth and I
Broadway. N 100 by X ISO. bring lots 1 to 4. |
2«. T. and tS. block IM. Oakland; girt.
T. B. IVrry to Kate Maxwell, lot en NW '
c<~rrer of Warring; street and ''banning way, ;
v 10 by N l*-0. being lot 24, Benton property, j
Berkeley: IISM.
John Dobrindt to William H. Rees. lot on
B line of Bonte avenue. \IA S of Vlntlnla street I
- 60 by E 17f». Jot :. block 23. Daley's Scenic i
Park Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley; r
Union Parlnn* Bank to Ix>uls Ccrte. lot 12. I
block C. Fanny Davenport Tract. Brooklyn |
Township: $10.
Edward J. Prlryrle Jr. to National Home and j
I>-an Association, lot on E line of Chapin .
street. »0 8 of Pacific avenue. 3 50 by E 75,
being the S one-half of lots 14. 15 and 1«. block
2. Ch.ipln Tract. Alameda; 110.
The.-xiore and Clara Etelnmetz (by Clarence
Cmwell. commissioner) to Frederick J. Hun<l !
anfl Christopher H»!n fex«cutors e*tat* of '
Elizabeth Met z«-er). lot on W line of St Mary !
(or Ptanton) street. TJS S of Santa Clara avenue I
(formerly Jefferson avenue). S SO iv W 15". ;
beme. lota 19 and SO. block a. Mary A Flteh
Homestead. Alameda: I17?3.
Pacific Improvement Company 'a corporation)
to Laura Q. Taylor, lot on W Itne of St.
Charles street. I^3 N of Buena Vl«a avenue.
W 129:11 by ■- 50. being a portion of lots 14.
15 and IS, block K. M*p of Property of Colum-
bus Bartlett. n»ar Ma«ttck station, Alameda ;
$10.
Charles J. -'- •- (trustee) to W. W. Butler 1
(trustee), let on R lln* of BAllroad avenue CO j
E of Ft. Charles street. E 10) by - in. be'ins; !
lota •» and 7". Enclnal Park Tract. Alam?da: |
also lots 7 and 8. block 752. I>>vy Tract. Brook- I
Irn Township: al«o lots II anl 14, Mock D. rub- I
division of Henld T^enty-thlrd-avenu* Tract 1
Brooklyn Township: al<«.-> lots 21 and 22. block |
D same tract. Brooklyn Township; also I
lota 17 and 1«. block 93. tract B. Berke-
ley I^and and Title Insurance Association.
Berkeley: also lot on FE line of HiKh
street. 1.74 chains SW from the NT Mne j
of Brooklyn Land Company's Tract, thence SW
9 chains. BE 27.59 chains. NT BSO chains to |
beirinnlnit. container 24 acre*. Brooklyn Town-
ship: also lot 1«. block C&. map of Adeline-
street lots. Oakland; also lot on W corner of
Bast Twenty-seventh street and Twenty-first
avenue. SW W by NW I*2 :fi, belnc lots 24 tn
r:. block SS. northern addition to town of
Brnnklyn. Fast Oakland: also lot on M line rvf
Fifth ... f.S:3 E of Vnion. E SO. N 101." W
tft. S to^eplnniiiK' belr.c lots 7 and 8. block 4W
BnßPs Tmct. map 2. Oakland; also lot on N
line of Firth street. IC<:3 E of I-nlon, E 25 N
101. W 25. - to berlnnlr.n. beln« lot *, block
4V«. Brlcirs Tract, map 2. Oakland; also lot on I
W line of Filbert street. 134:4 S of Twenty-
sixth, S 33:4 by W 525. being portions of lots !
17 and IS. block. X. on map of northern exten-
sion of Oakland; also lot on F lln* of Nolan
i or Thirty-third) street, 150:3 Eof Market ■
37:6, S f~. NW 37:t. N 87 to beginning, r-'lng
the w S7:« of lot 4. block H. Central Lard
Company's property. Oakland: also lots 17 and <
Is. block 93. tract B. Berkeley Land and Title
Insurance Association, Berkeley; also lots 4 and
5. block If*, tract B. «• above tract: also lot
11, block 107. of above, Berkeley: also lot on W
line of Magnolia street. 225 S of Thirtieth S 75
by W 131:3. belnr the S 75 feet or lot 9 'block
H. Peralta Homestead Tract. Oakland (transfer
of trust); I!
George Paton to Emily Hughes, undivided
half Interest In lot on W line of Hannah street
l» S r.t A (or Thirty-second), S 30 by W 133" 1
Oakland; £00. - A if . p^ I
"LONGSHOT"
CONLEY HAS
AN INNING
Won the Paxton Handicap on
Rosormonde — Immense
Crowd at Oakland.
TIIRONO of WO
people completely
packed the (Treat
grand stand and
P ring at Oak
track yester
day. The occasion
was graced by an
unusually lnrge
quota of the fair
-. x whoa* ipleling
proclivities far sur-
passed the "football
woman." Guest* of the association occu
pied every nook and point of vantage on
the clubhouse \erandas or lolled about on
settees ar.d chairs on the lawn. There
was no lack of accommodation for the J
speculatlvely inclined, as twenty-two
layers of odds displayed their elates In
the rir.K. and when the smoke of battle
cleared away the advantage was all with
the players. Favorites almost swept i
everything befcre them, taklns all but
two events.
The weather was warm and clear as a ,
day in August, but unfortunately the 1
track was still slow from the effect? of
the recent rainfall. The different events
were all well contested, awakening fre
quent bursts of enthusiasm, but fast time |
was out of the question.
"Lonpshot" Conley's followers at la^t '
had their patience and fortitude reward- \
ed, for the colored chap piloted the !
dainty Rosormcnde to victory In the Pax
ton handicap over one mile and a furlong.
From 5. the price about the mare was
backed at the last to 3Vj. For a time It
looked a* if the sr.c-ak made by little !
Walsh on the llght-welchted Dare II
would prove successful, but Rosormonde
grabbed him In the stretch, and. driving
hard, won by a neck. Plodding old Ring
master fell heir to the show. The calca
lative set flpured that the route woull be
too far for Pat Morrlsey, and their prog
nostications were correct, for after being
prominent part of the way he linishea
last.
Barney Sohrelber's Forte annexed the
handicap over the cup distance, two and
a quarter miles, defeating Billy Me-
Clo.«key. Reolia ar.d St. Algnon without
drawing a long breath at the end. H -
carrlfHl 110 pounds and Pullman, and
passing Billy McClOßkey the last quarter
— whlcn early showed he would be the
contender— won by four lengths In 4:07»i.
Reolia seemed still sore from the pfr>et<>
of hvr last hard Journey, and ihouji'a
willing could not get up. taking third
place. . '
Ravenna, a pronounced favorite, hesran
operations by bf-a:ing a big field in the
opening Beven furlong run. Thorpe had
the leg up. and drawing away In the run
homo V-d Owyhee, i SMo 1 shot, over the
line two lonKthf. Sylvan Lass, another
lone shot, was third.
Midget Jack Martin and King Carnival
were all the crowd wanted in the -print
which followed, the short price of 3 to J
b*>ir.g readily accepted. Schreiber's Florl
dan. one of th«» two-year-old.« star'insr,
cut out the pa^e Into the stretch, where
h«* had about enough. The first choice
: th.-n went to the iront. winning by a
couple of lengths from Moringa. It vms
I the latter's lirst start and 15 to 1 was laid
about him.
The defeat of Southern Girl by Tellow
Tail was no doubt the biggest surprise of
the afternoon. The Bums & Water
house filiy was plunged on at odds of 4 to
:. and Fost'-r's young piant showed her a
cloan. pair of heel? from the Jump off.
Decoy, away none too well, was dorn^l
three lengths for the place by the
favorite.
An otusi-ler. Judge "Wofford, nc*rlv
landed th«* finr>l mile- run nt Ids of 30 to
1. Leading f r Jin the «tart. BuUm ««n
Morlncl. the even money choice, got up
Just in time to avoid defeat by a neck.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
[COPYRIGHT. ISW. BY H. H. EGBERT.]
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Thursday. November 30, 1899.—Forty
sixth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track slow.
A MIRI'HT- Pi»«lding .T-. r J. B. FKl. S -virt^r.
O(j J n furlongs; selling. t!ir*--.var-lls and ur»arJ: purse. S300.
I ! Betting.
Ace. W»:?ht. St. >,m. Hm. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ■*
(27S) Raver.na, 3 i:7 1 14 • th 2h ... i: Thorp* S-3 6-3
SS2 O»}h«. 3 II" 8 11 11 9 2 ... 2 us Hetns 0 ID 30
374 SyUar. !.ih. i 107 2 3 2 • h 4h ... 2 4 Honiero .... 20 30
:C3 Jincle Jingle. 3 107' ■ 2 h 12 11 ... 41 Vitttf* ...... S 7
358 T«rr.|)O. 4 115(10 71 • Sh 11 ... 3 1 H*nry ....... 20 20
3^1 Ailam Andrew, S...lli! 5 10 3 SI 8 1 ... <4 E. Rors.X..... 10 »
CC7 Stuit<art. 3 107. 3 S3 72 71 ... 71 <Bul:m.ia 4 6
377 i=t. Isidore. 3 1":7 < th 64 I '-; ... t I' ii.^'arty... 15 20
... Dens <•. 3 11411 < •; 6 . 11 ... 9 |E. Jon«-s 10 20
<!27) Or..'>. a :.- 7 S 4 4 4 3 1 ... 10 IPl«fotl I 8 10
(3i<;) hanken. 3 ...1141 3 > 4 10 H 5 b ... 11 jConley 1 4 (
Time— H. ■■H\: S. :SS4: »». l:04'i; "%, 1:32. Winner. F. Phillips' b. c. by Tremont-
Ella 1. Good stajt. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Ravenna had the ?p«ed and won wh<n a»ked. Owyhee went over the White Fa** route.
suffTlnc n:any hatd«hli>s. J'.ngle Jingle stopped. Tempo showed improvement. Stuttgart
h u a ■ — iwjt'.j . Gra^y ._. — 1 - 1 - "I J"
«>O~ . RA'.'E— Futurity c<urse. st?i::r*. all ages; rur^e. J400.
I I I Betting.
EBOnti Hor««. Weight. [St. Um. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. :Op. Cl.
SS7 King Carnival, 3 — lio! ! ... 8 1 3 10 In 12 |J. Martin ....| 1-1 3^5
... Mnrinta. 4 111! 1 ... 1 I 21 33 2n iThorp* , 11
2S5 FlorSdan. 2 0j I ... 14 13 2 4 3 12 ilhelan 3 13-3
.... Florlnel II. 1 « i ... 42 46 44 4 8 lltanch < IS
34C E!»je. 2 ■• 4 ... I t 5 5 Fauntleroy ... 15 *',
To '«. HX%'. to 4. :4SU." la.«t. H. 1:02; «hort »i. 1:12. Winner. Carruthers .t Shields'
b. c. by Getaway-Maretta. iJoot! start. Win cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner is nearly a flrst-cl»»<> «print»r. MonnKa ran a remarkably guod race. Saddle
en Kloridan slipped. Elbe had no • -d.
OOf THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $4J0.
I BcttlBf
tndex. Horse. Weight. 9t. 14m. Hm. »,m. 6tr. Fin. | Jockeys. ,Or. Cl.
I Betting.
Index. Hors». Weight. St. \~ 4m. *im. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ci.
172 T»llnw Tall 1:3,1 ... 13 12 12 1 2 E. Jones J 7.5 3.5
(3«2) Southern Girl 115 2 ... 14 24 24 2 3 Thorpe 4-5 1
CA5) Decoy 11] 3 ... 3 1 3 10 3 12 3 15 Vlttlto* 5 4
... Artilleryman 113; 5 ... C I 5 4 1 Lloyd 50 200
3S2 Windy Jim 1I3J 4 ... 4 t 44 4 1 6 E. ho— 100 y»
Time— 4. :12*i: H, :37; H. 1:02. Winner, Foster * Huekett's ch. c by Imp. Watercress-
imp : ntoma. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. ,
T!..-r: » on favorite tried to beat the gate. Yellow Tall then outfooted the filly. Decoy
slow to get in motion.
Scratched— F. W. Brod« ill. Antolnetta 110.
nckT FOURTH RACE— Two miles and a quarter; three-year-olds and upward; pars*.
t$t/ i • $;00.
I I I Betting.
r.dex. Hor»*. Age. Weight St. \^m. «m. Km. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. , L
(36) Forte. 4 licit S3 3 1 2 4 12 14 Pullman 3-5 7-10
37J Billy McClosky. I.. «| 4 2 10 14 13 2 2 2 5 Henry 3 4
(?74) Reolia. 4 »> 4 4 4 3 12 3 25 J. Martin 2 3
ZiS St. Algnon. a S0|l 13 It I I 4 4 Ranch 12 20
Time— Mile. 1:S£»;: l l -im. 2:174: 14m. 3:14; 2m. 3:41. :-.m. 4:07>£. Winner. B. Schrelber*8
b. g. by Imp. FortlMimo-Overture. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
It waft only -a warm-up for winner. ilia wan »ore and in need of a rest.
, t .<n*.i— Munsey 117. Somls 114. Fellclte 107, Urns 17.
ii(\n FIFTH RACE— One mile and an eighth: the Paaton; free handicap: three-year-
t>«JC3« olds a: . . upward; purse. $«00.
I i t Betting.
:ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. lm. 14m. l?im. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
377 Ro*ormonde. 4 107! 4 41 IS 14 11 In Conley 4 4
357 Dare II. 5 *•''!' lh 11 13 2 4 2 3 T. Walsh li) 15
2S3 Ringmaster. 5 ** 3 64 41 I h 32 32 Henry 12 20
(j^llDr. Ilernaye. 4.... 1W! 5 51 53 Eta 51.42 IE. Jcues 4 7.2
"43 Topmast. 6 112 27 7 7 7 ' 54 ]J. Martin 3 i
169 Mamie G. « »{« 21 4h 81 . «h «3 Phelan 4 »
<2S7) Pat Morritsey. 5. ...1091 1 14 3h 42 44 7 JThorpo 3-2 11-5
• Ttme— H. :H; %• :8S^: S, 1:04: V 1:30: m. 1:444: Him. 1:57V Winner. J. Na" r
Durk> b. m. by Imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Rose. Good start. Won first three driving.
Rosorroonde the best to-day. The light weight tickled Dare. Dr. Bernayi very short
of «p«re<l when It was most needed. Topmast cut oft at flrst turn, after which he sulked.
Morrlssey found mute too long.
Scratched— Ca»Ja!e 102.
— — r — ■
n(w\ PIXTH RA^E— One mils; selling: three-year-olds and upward: purte. $4C0.
_ L Betting.
Index. Hor*e. Age. Weight. St. i^m. 4m. \ m . ptr. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Hm.
Km.
Str
. , — : ~ • ' .
373 Morinel. 4 1« S 61 n 2 4 31. In Bullman | 1 I
XI Judse WofTord. S... « 1 18 lh 11 2 2 ' 2 di Dev:n g ;o
(374) Casd&le. 3 1"! « !h II Si lh 3 2 Vlttltoe 5 S
384 L«thlan, 3 92! 5 « 2 5 4 5; 44 4 2 1J. Martin 5 3
389 MVadowthnrpe. S...10GI 3 3h 44 4H52 52 Thorp* 5 7
333 Imp. Ml»tral II. 5..1in» « 71 «i (4 64 6 4 V. Turner 15 21
SW Tom Calvert. 1 101 j -' 4 1 ;j if g a IE. Km 10 25
<3S» Merry Boy. 5 M»l " I I g 7 1 . 8^ . Henry ....| 8 8
Tim*-— ';. :I6H: **• :Kl »i. 1:1S; mile. 1.-44U- Winner. M. Storn'a b. . m. by MoreUo-
Sunllt OokI start, won first three driving.
Away poorly. Morlnel ran around h-r field. Casdale should hare been »eo.>r.d. Mead-
cwthorpe looked dangerous for a spell M*rry Boy. ran disappointingly.
Scratched— Mamlft G 101. OstleT Jo« KM. Horton 85.-
Oasdale. after looking a possible winner,
took show honors.
To-Day's Entries.
Following: are the entries for this after
noon's running everr-
First race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
mal'l^nsr purse.
HO Herculean 115 ; 571 Sts<nioc 115
372 Durdoc 115' 176 Upp«rcni«t 115
376 I^rlni'.R 113 378 Tom Sharlcej\...llS
... Gratia IIS -•• Paul of Tarsus. .ll)
376 Malta US 37« MaldottheHtUs 115
... All DouKhertyllii ... Billy 0re.... 115
... Norford HSi I*3 J. V. Hayes 113
375 Fille DOr 115!
Second race— Futurity coarse; •ax-olds
and up: Felling.
3*3 tier Joe 1121 3M St. Cuthbert 1W
144 Tru» Blue 109; 370 Be Happy V 9
341 Wilmeter Hi 211 Donator ICS
... Fim Call ll?j(37o)OfcuUtton ... 109
3<S Erpirando I£>| ... Lucid 1M
355 I.«abelte 1» 3SB Alaska 103
j.-. Malr.!>tar V.2 ... Lady Britannic. lW
... Rpy £'. Bandidoßlls
Third race— Futurity course; two-year-old»;
EeUlnjj.
3J5 Champion Ro«e.lK JS3 Fine Shot 101
... Garter I*s; 37<» Hindoo PrincesslOS
*♦•■ H. nor Bright... SO Fairfax ... lOi
(iro)Gundara 105 2<£ The Scot ll'
376 Britt W> &5 Mont Eagle 110
3S> :?en Sen ICb!
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-oHs and
up: purse.
(r7)T!memalcer 107; 3>7 San Mateo 165
357 Wntoro 93 3sl Ollnthu» »
... Del Oro 104. 3«9)Ttburon M
Fifth race— Futurity course; two-year-old«;
selling.
(3<s)Miss Madeline... 1101 391 Harsdanms 105
SC Ailenna 11. 1 362 Druldess 110
3€« Daniol lUi 372 Bamboulla 113
2SS Aborigine 105,
Sixth race— - -a furlonr*; »e!l!r.t: three
ypar-oMs.
342 P^tal M. 3<4 Farershaia 110
... Hsplonage 107(3C3)Horton ........10"
... Vlnctora' 9S 34? Campus 107
390 Terrene ]oi:<A>ii)M'->nianua 107
3?4 Stuttgart I*4 25«1 OralW* SI
... Glen*a»-»r l'U ■■..■■ 113
374 hlo Chlco 101; 537 Stiver Tor.« 1?4
2SI Rainier S-> 341 I^avator 101
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Saul of Tarsus. Herculean. Bur
doc.
Second race— First Call. Osculation, Be Hap
pr
Third race— The Scot. Hindoo Princes*. Gar
ter.
Fourth race — Tlrnetnaker. Ventoro. San Mi
tea
Fifth race— Aborigine. Mandamus, Batnbou
11*.
Sixth race— Montanus, Silver Tone, Humidity.
KIND WORDS FROM \
SIR THOMAS LIPTON
At the Temple Yacht Club Dinner He
Refers in Generous Terms to
His Recent Visit.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Sir Thomas Llpton.
speaking at the annual dinner of the
Temple Yacht Club In the Hotel Cecil
this evening. Lord Charles Beresford pre
siding. referred in generous terms to his
recent vJMt to the l nited States.
■"No imin." said Sir Thomas, could
have hed fairer or better treatment; no
man could have met with a more gener
ous welcome than I had and received ftt
the hands of the greatest and of the hum
blest in America. I can sre no room for
discouragement, and unless some une else
challenges. I shall certainly do so myself
very soon. All I can say i.* that we had a
fair ami square race and got a fair and
s<juar«- licking."
These sentiments were received with
prolonged cheers, the entire company ris
ing and singing "For He's a Jolly "Good
Fellow."
Tor More Sports S«»e Fourth Page.
The Bishop's Arrival.
A prar.d wedding way being solemnized
at St. Peter's. Eaton square. On each
side of the strip of carpet that extended
from tin' church <li>or to the curb was a
crowd of well dressed people ■.•chin*
the guests arrive. In th* wake of a pro-
Ct-sslon of equipages of the more aristo
cratic and well appointed character came
a four-wh*-eled tab, dingy and disreputa
ble beyond belief.
•'Here! Here!" shouted the policeman in
charge: "ynu can't stop here! We're
waiting for the Bishop of 1"
The cabman regarded the officer with
a triumphant leer as he climbed down
from his sect and threw a ragged blanket
over his skeleton steed.
"It's all right, nor." he said: "I"ye
Rot the old buffer inside."— London Spare
Moments.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. November 30—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, aci rainfall In last twAty-(our
hours:
Last This La,U
Static ns— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 00 ».M 1. 10
Red Bluff 0.00 7.08 2.1?
Sacramento O.CO 7.10 1 «l
ban Francisco 0 90 7.T1 ] 31
fresno O.M I.M 1.4*
lndeponder.ee 0.00 t.SO 0.41
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 5.7* 0 IT
Los Anf»«l-» 0.00 : 4' o.l*
Sar. Dleso 0.00 1 25 OK
Yuma 0.00 Ml 0.11
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
f2; minimum. 50; mean, 5«.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails
throughout the northern portion of the Pacific
Slope. A storm of considerable energy over
ties British Columbia. Rain, accompanied by
high wind, has prevailed over Washlnrton.
The rain alcr.g the coast and over the Sound
has been h»avy.
The pressure has generally risen during the
past twenty-four hour*, but there has been a
flight fall In the last twelve hours alas* the
coast.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
Arizona and remained nearly stationary else
where west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable foe fair weather in
the southern half of California and partly
cloudy In the northern portion Friday.
Forecast made at San Frr.nclsco for thirty
hours, ending: midnight December 1:
Northern California— Partly cloudy In north
pcrtion; probably with •huwers aions; the ex
treme northern coast; fair in south portion
Friday. light variable win Is
Southern California— Fair Friday; cooler in
west portion: Ufht northeast wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Friday: light variable winds.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Not CATTLE— Fat cattle.
steady to firm; others quiet. Rangtrs. strong;
butchers' stock and canaers'. active. Good to
choice, J5 l r -j~; -poor to medluai. t4 tOQ< ♦•;
mixed stockers. ViZ 7S; selected f seders. U 25
€i «f; good to choice cows. $3 "34 75; heifer*.
ntfS: canners'. tl'43. bulls. $2 Sv^s; calves.
$467: fed Texas beeves. $4 »8J :;; grass Texas
steers. $3 2#Qi 25; Western range beeves, HQ
HOGS— Good to choice lots. SfllOc higher.
Others shade higher. Mixed and butch*rs*.
70©3 95; good to choice heavy. Jl Tsg* >J;
rough heavy, »3 SSfT3 70; light. 13 ;.. S7'. 5 ;
bulk of sale*. S3 7033 ■:'--
SHEEP AND LAMBS— AcUve. 103C0c hl«h«r;
good clearances. Native wethers. $4tf4 75;
lambs, native. It 1*95 «0; Western wethers.
$» 1.-&4 SO; Western lambs. 1* 5i £0.
Receipts— Cattle. S500: hegs. H.OCO; sheep,
scoo.
November receipts— Cattle. 221. 0*4. calves.
8643; fh»ep. r.4 r- hors. MM; hones. t:..
carloads of livestock, 14.412.
Forngn Markets.
LIVERPOOL. Not. M. -WHEAT— Spot,
steady.
S -: >t. steady: American mixed. oIA
and new. 3s 4\d.
\I.I. CALENDAR.
December. IWJ.
Su. JMo Tu. W*T Fr..Sa.
— 1 ] ! i '/CN S(vr Moon.
1 ! 2 j \J? December 1
3 i i , ~T| •I : « 9 * First Quarter
I 1 9 December ».
10 !11 12 ! U 14 \i in ■■■ „ „
_. I ' ! f^y Full Moon.
IT |Is 19 !20, 21 22 !23 WD^ernber H.
iijii:iL,iL ; > ii *? I -' 1*"1 *" Quarter.
31 I « I
Sun, Moon and Tide.
.«_ _ ♦
United State* C^ast and Geodetic Survey—
Tlrr.«-« and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Publlfhed by official mi
thority of the Superintendent.
.-:— Th* high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mle*l'->n-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Polct;
the :-:;.-.• of tide Is the same at both place*.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 1.
Sun rines T.cs
Hun .--:» 4 r;
Moon ri?es 5 3* p. m.
□
J
iTiraeJ |Tlme| |Tlmej |Ttae|
\-^— ' Ft. I - Ft. ' Ft. | . Tt.
.1 S:Oo| 2.»! 9:M «.O 4:K -Q.t. 11:4) 4.S
. l:30| 3.1 W:0O; 6.1 5:11,-1.0
H W, L Wi H Wl (L. W
. 0:2« — I.C 4:r 3. J, 15:44 1.1 S:U — 1.1
. 1:14 4.7 S:JO. 3.1, 11:10, «.l <:41 -1.1
.-• «:« 3.1| 12:?).— 6.» ::»>|— l.o
J:4« 5.3 7:»; 3.01 1:17 5.7 8:1> -0.7
3:31| 5.4| 3:31; Mil : * ♦:<*-«.
NOTE— In the above exposition or the tides
the rarly morning tides are given In the left
h.md column and the successive tides of the
day In the order cf occurrence as to time. The
recond time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the •!• except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the cumber given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference i« the mean of th« lower low waters.
4— 4
Steamer Mozctnents.
TO ARRn*E.
Steamer. I From.
: m
I- 1
E. ThnmpMi). ..fComox IDec. I
Jeanie S<»att!<» ;i>«c. l
ro!nt Ar*na — Point Arena 'Dec. I
Rcbt. A(!am»on.Nar.almo [Dec. 1
Coqutll River.. ;'tra\* Harbor D»c. 1
San Pedro ... Humbo! it D*c. 1
Aberdeen Portland Dec. 1
State of Cal I rtl .-■: (Dec 1
Portland (Portland (Dec. j
AUc*> ■•har-1 '" ■•• - Mir Dec. 1
Empire Coog Bay ,Dec. 1
Horr.»r !Coo« Bay IDec. 1
Arcata Coos Bay IDec. 1
Corona 'San L>:»go „.. Dec 1
Coptic China and Japan 'Dec ]
Crescent .'Crescent City Dec ]
Del Nort* Crescent City ... Dec. }
Aloha iTlUaraook Dec 2
Lakrne ;Pu*et Sound Dec 2
Walla Walla.. ..[Victoria * Pnret Sound Dec a
Mackinaw Seattle I»c. 1
Pomona Huml lit Dec I
Wasbtenaw ....Tacoma Dec )
Weectt Humboldt Doc. a
Samoa Humboldt [Dec 4
Bonlta Newport IDee 4
Willamette Seattle Dec 4
South Portland. Tacoma Dec 4
North Fork Humboldt Dec S
Au»tr.i ;Honolulu Dec 5
Alliance Oregon Port* 'Dec. 5
Santa Rosa >?an Dieco Dec 4
Columbia {Portland Dec <
Albion TUlarnook Dec (
L'matllla • |Vlctorla & Puiret Sound' Dec. S
San Jose iPanama . Pec. %
TO SAIL.
*»•»: | Destination. I Bail*. ! Pier.
r...:i
! pvt.
r i
Coo« Bay... Newport. Dec. 2. »am Pier 11
Queen Vie Sc Pet Si. I>ec. I. 10 am Pier f
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. D«c. 1. 2 pra Pier 2
Cleveland ..Puicet Sound.. -.1. 10 am Pier I
Coqullle Rv'Gray» HarborjDec. 2. Ipm
Newburc ..[Grays Harbor. Dec. 2. 5 pm
Belgian K?,<-"hina.t ' •«, in : *■?. 2. lpmPln •
Aberdeen ..jPortland .. Dec. : spm
Arcata Co« Bay De.-. J. 10 am Pl»r 13
Hcmer Oregon Ports. D«»c. J. 10 am Pier 10
Stateot Cal Portland...... Dec. 4. 10 am Pier 24
Corona San DlaM Dec. 4. 11 am Pier 11
Weeotl IHumboldt Dec. 4. .' P:»r 13
On Sang. ...jCh!na& Japan Dec. i. 1 pmiPMSS
Donlta Newport |Dec. I. 9 amlPler 11
Samoa Humboldt D*«. 110 ait. Pier 2
Curacao ....Mo jDec. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Walls. WalllVlc A Pgx Sd. I>ec. 7. 10 am! Pier «
Albion jTUlamook Dec. S. 3 pmlPter 2
San Bias...! Panama Dec. 8. 12 m PMSS
Columbia ..'Portland 'Dec. ». 10 imfpter 14
, ,>
Shipping Intelligence.
. , i
■ — 'y
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 39
Stmr San Bias, Rum>oll. :i days 10 hours fm
Panama and -way purls.
Stmr Oosta Rica. Urry. 34 day* 12 hours fm
Panama and way ports.
Stmr South Coast. OUen, 43 hour* from Re
flood*.
Stmr Newburs;. Hansen. i days from Or*y»
Harbor.
ftmr Miain!. Rlley. « days from Seattle.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow. " boon from San
Pedro and war ports.
Ship Geo Curtis. Colhoun. U day» fm Hoao
ulu.
Ship Spartan. Polite. C days from Seattle.
Hr ship Buteshire. Swlnton, 1«1 -Uyj from
IwaasML
Sehr Delia, Smith. 24 day» from Sttxslaw
River.
Schr Volant. John sen. IS day* from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Nettle Sundborr. Nelson. M days from
Siunlaw Itiver.
S<-hr C X H'll. Erl-kjM^. S3 days from Gray*
Harbor.
SAILED
Thursday. November ».
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka
Stmr Columbia. Dotaon. Manila via II so
lulu.
BUM Weeott. Burtls, Eureka
Stmr Cleone. Ulrf.r.s
Mn.r Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
U 8 stmr Hugh McCulloch, Coulsoa. cruise
for overdue vessels.
Runs strar Daley Voetok, Ertckson. Manila
rla Honolulu.
Ship Oriental. Parker. Seattle.
Br ship Fanlomene. Matron. Orimshy.
Brig V G Irwln. Williams. Honolulu.
Schr Western Hume. Danerwiu. Coo« Bay.
Scbr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Blhlers Point.
Pchr Berwick. Peterson. Sluslaw River.
Schr Ocean Pprar. Nrman.
Scbr Archie and Foatle. Jensen BtewarU
Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3— Nov 33. M P ra— Weather
:loudr; wind NE: velocltr 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per itmr Miami— Encountered a heavy SE
itorm oft Cap* Flattery to tO zr.::-% south o{
2ac» Mendoclno.
I'er *chr Bella— Had succession of SE anit
BW sales; had to k;ep cr*w at pumps entire
?»»*»*•- and uroa iwli amvat had flw# feet
■■ water in h '. 1
Per ship Spartan— Not U. Obi! Lar««n. &rM
officer, died and was burled at sea; ha.l sue
t«**!on of Bouthea.«t and south-rly *al*s tor !•
lays. Nor r>. 4 p m. •(;■.> crovslnr th» bar.
•hip touched slightly, but did not umtf*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— B*ll*-i Nov Zi—Bcbr J M Weather
wax, far Kabului.
VENTLTiA— Arrived Nerr 9unr L^finm..
from Eureka.
Palled Not Stmr Geo Locmit. f?r Baa
FYanctsoo.
TACOMA— Pailed Nor »— Br stmr City o<
DutUn. for Hccrkcn«; stmr Washtenaw. for
San Francisco: tcbr Emma Claudtna. tor
Honolulu.
PORT TOWN3END— Arrived Nor »-#»»1p
Pashlns Wave, from Port Lcs An««le«. Br
itir.r Breconshlr*. from Hon<ksnc.
Ballad Nov »— Schr Wna IX Smith, from Ta
coma for Honolulu.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Not JO— Bark
Abbey Palmer and bktn Mary Wlnkstziaa. fm
Honolulu.
EUREKA— PaIIed Not tt— Stmr* San ?~ln.
Westport. Newsboy and Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; «tmr Brunswick, with hart* «aara Panto
in tow. for Pan Francisco; schr O'.iv for •jrd-
B»y; schr Monterey, fcr "an Francltw; sc!«r
Ltizl* Vance, for San Pedro: star TUlaeock.
f?r San Francljco.
SANTA BARRARA— Arrived Nor »— etstr
Lacuna, frem Ventura.
f EATTLE— Sailed Not >v-Jip «tiaT Rl3s^.at
Maru. for Yokohama: stmrs Jear.li and Mia-
Inaw, f r Fan Francisco.
MENDOriNO— Arrived Nor «tmr Porat
Arena, bence Nov 23.
FORT BRAGO— Sailed Not J9— Strar Xoyo.
for fan Francisco.
ALBION- Arrived Nor 10-Behr Kewmrk. ha
Nor a.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Not J*-Sefcr Asale
Lars-n. for Tacoma. 8- hr ComM. tor Put**-
Siund; stmr juola.
Arrlrei Nov O—iSeltr Navarro. from rtirfka:
schr Laura May. from Everett.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Palled Nov »— Stmr Wet*«f»
dam. for Amsterdam; rtmr H II Meter, for
Bremen: ftmr La Normsxdle. for Harre.
NEW TORK— Arrived N •• SO— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Not M— Stmr Majes
tic, from New Torlc. _ m_ '■
HAMBT'RO— Arrived Nov JO— "tmr Graf Wa.
&» T .r+. from New V -■> vl» Narl"*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
M «js||na Hkl s 8. Australia
3ftCsjsa ' ; «" <1 ? " Horjolula
f PKail* Wednesday. Dec. U.
rs^ — T^N *5 - s'. sails
Sjwm\hint) Tl * Honolulu and
GJIWIIDiIIU 6 ' Auckland for !»ydn»y
fSfflßP.ftlL. Wednesday. Dec. T..
Farorlte LJn» Rnuni the *,Vor!d. vl* Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zraland. Australia. India. Suez.
Knxlar.d. etc. : Ul"> fir?t class.
L 0. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. -at. . 114 Montsemtrj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Fre.gnt 327 Market It
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Jw Steamers leave Broadway
f**,-^ wharf. ?an Francisco:
■E^B^^ F r .Ali.«Kar. ;• r:» 19 * m •
riv^TtaJw^ r> ""- ; - : v . i: - :: - r - Jan *•
I ■BmtKa^ld change to company's steam-
I<Z/?£^R Tg i er« *t Seattle.
I2ijh~- <*"«bi Fcr Victcrla. Vancouver
jr^^lfefy'J Hi C>. Port Townaend. Se-
attl*. Taeonsa. Ererett. Ana-
crrtes and New Whatcora
(Wash.). » a. m., Dec. X. T.
l* IT M ft Jan. 1. *nd «rery fifth day ther»-
,;.';: 'Chance at Seattle to this company's
for Aluka and O. V Ry.: at TaMOM
..earner, for^A.as VmocouTW to C. P. RaUway.
Prr - -ureka (Haxnboldt Bay>. 2 p. a.. Dec. j,
19 Z. ». tl k Jan. 4. "A every fifth day
th For a <«l-ta mi Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
J, Por~t Harford .San Lul. Obl.po). Oavicta.
FtiitA Barbara. Ventura. Hu*neme. Ban Pedro
East San Pedro (Lo» Aef»l«) **• «•*]««•»
a. m Dec 2. «. 10. I*. v - X - :*»: *» *'• J * n * *•
and every fourth day thereafter.
Forian Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford Jan Luis Obl»{K.>. Santa Barbara. Port
l2?An"le7ind Redondo %"*£?«>•*£
a. m. Dec. 4. i. 12. H. 20. 24. 23. Jan. 1. and
every 'fourth day thereafter.
For En.enada. Mardalena Bay. Ean Jose «el
ri?o. Mai- Altata La Pai. Santa Rosa-
lia and oSayr..a» (Mex.). 19 a. m.. .th of ea«b
m For h 'further Information obtain company s
f °Tbe r ' eompanr renerres tn» r!ght to ehar.g*
without pnrrtoa nntlee steamers, sallla* date*
•r^ bo»r» cf nalltna*.
tickft OTFICE-4 New Montgotn«ry
str^T i Palace 1- * co.. O<*j*£
' JO Mark't »t.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. 6.N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMXIIS TO
F > OPtTX J^.3STD
From c r ,,. BtjMl Wharf at 10 a. m.
C»OC «'2 First C1«<»a) Inelndtcc B«t»
rAnt $8 Second Clsu ax.d Meals.
rnTvunn . .............. •November 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA November 24
ShTrt Line q Walla Walla. Fpokare. Butf.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
TtTneZfe tickets to all points East.
II »>««£ WARD. General Atrat.
CO Market st.
GOODALL. rERKINS^O^^
AMERICAN LINE.
irrr TOKX. soothakftos. LOITDO9. pa»ol
Stopping at Cherbourg. **•"" "'
From New York Every Wedne«day. It a. m
c. Paul Nor. • St. Lnuls Dec. U
Si! Louis Nor. 22 St Paul.. Dec V
St. Paul Dec. I: New York Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Ycrk. Erery Wednesday. U "««»-
Frie.'.ar.d Nov. ( Ken»!r.irtin Nor. n
Southwark Nor. IS Nocrdland Dae. 4
Westernlaad....Nor. r.Frlesland Dec '■*
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
Fcr full Information regarding freight and
pa«ea«' apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
3* Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
cer of Fir-: and Hrannan streets, 1 p. rr...
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, line at
Kobe iHik ■>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
I^dla. etc. No cargo received on beard on day
cf sailing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. De«. 21
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 14
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. I
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip ticket* at reduced rale*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
til Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERY. General Ag«at.
COHTAQKIE OSXS&ALC TBA2TSATLASTIQITI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, rr**
Sailing every Thursday Irs?--- ' rf <*£2*T»
Saturday, from November 2. I»9» at '-'•"i*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 Ncrth Hirer, foot cf
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nor. M; LA
GASCOGNE. Nor. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nor.
ti; LA BRETAONE. D«c. T. Flrst-clas* ta
Havre. $50 and upward; S per cent reduction en
round trip. Second-class ta Havre. J*S; t per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New-
York. J. F. FUGA2I A CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. S Monts^mery are.. Pan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER BTEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monttcello."
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thum. and Sat. at 1:43
a. m.. 3:15. * 3-1 p. m <ex. Thura. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. end I:J»: Sunday*. 10:30 a. m. I
p. m. Landing anl office. Mtsalon-sircet Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone- Main UC3.
I FARE Ma
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCRATCHED
" TILL RAW
Eczema en Leg from Knee to Toe.
No Rest Day or Night. Doctors,
Salves, etc., Could Not Cure.
CUTICUPJ'RfcSEBIES CURED
Aboct three ycara ago ray ria*baad'« lees
frcm tl:e kree down to bin tocK, were red and
Itrhlni: with Kcronr.a. He ha bo n+l day
ortilgJit, «:ij would scratch all the ticse, * o hit
lrr« w.-.\;',d to raw. He had ■ good many doe-
tn». 1 hey told him thorp ■■ .- nothing wrong
with hi* blood. I'Tia thry pavp Mm falvr and other
)'.-■•• mbon. Iloh»d about a peck of bottle*
and boiee of mlro -ad notic of thrin did him any '
pood. 11 j worried th^t way about one year, and
pi\etht>df>c:or»<;uitoalotof money. I tnld him
one ivy the trouble waa &!'. In hi* blood, and i. d
h'.ra t.-> t:y CCTimu rcn.odie#. He went thai
itPtantand (OtCmcC&t HoAr.Orrjri ra (olnt-
rcettj.aod OrTuiUA l{rpoi.vt\T. That night
he. !wt«>d we'i, an;l k>j>t prttir.g better until he
waa <■ .: 1, aiid It bn« riot returned kince.
Mks. 11. JENKINtS.
Bept. 11, 16J5. Boi HT, Midd'.eboro, Ky.
ECZEMA 01 lUT 8 MONTHS
CURED BY CUTICURA
A friend of mlnr, Mrf. Ptspies, hie a child two
yckrr .iIJ, arbow a!r!lo^t entire fare tirnl head
w^» cowed w ;'f; n in:*.;* of fcrcr, which •In 1 bad
bad for r:cbt montbe. TJ.e dortor* pronounced
It Kcr'rr.a, I i:t did DC* rolli-\e her any. She
wc»ld Hcia'rb until tii? tiiood would run. I t"!d
fcf r to p : CTTZCCRa, und i-hc did i«o, pi:rfha»ing
twO boxct >i « tTTtCClla t'iintia(>!itl atitl MM cake
cf CfTlc-fß* S(i.».t\ and thecliitd is well now.
Mus. 1L JKNKIN.MIoz NT.Middleboro, Ky.
In allthp world tacr^ Js no other treatment *o
pure.*o*we<'l,»o *r>eedlly etlrc.tlvc for dl»tre»*in(i
*kln humors »i ■:>■'.- and children »- Ci'Tictua
rirantieK. trokteM of kktn core*, blood puriflrra,
aad l.ticor rer.iertit*. r."»nu battii with Ctm*
nit bO4r. ar>4Kcal!eano:ittiyr«»!th«'rTlf"r«»,
pur«-rt < 1 emoiiii :.t frkin itjrc«. will afford infttint
relli f. jirrnit rot anil Klcep. and point to a »pe«dy,
p'-rtnuncil, nr.il «r.inoiaiciil rurc. w-eu U>e bctt
|>ny»lcl»::». hi'tp:t»l«. and all fife fall.
foiath-OBChnutthnrrrld. TriTTtr Diiro tisdiiv.
C<tr, N/!r Prop*.. Ito-t"n, "llotln Cnr» Ecita»." free.
RED ROUGH HANDS --«!Sg?.2ft;
Line
■
i
Tho
■
BUILT... I
v^kt»^ J£L "■ -ty a © © ©
■ ■
With the Combined j
Strength of j
IRON and STEEL.
FABRIC: rf^»b
Strictly the purest of wool— '^^^^^^P
strong, long-fibre wool. ?^?^*^if! [
The trousers double at th" seat, double at V^* jjl * P V*' •
Im knees. Here's the combination. Here's y? ~X \ *• ' &?■•
where you come in: \^. i rf^^^t^ !v ,V
An extra pair of ||§|§i
Trousers, '§lf4-I^^^^^^^S^^P^^^^k
A Golf Cap M^l
(One of our most stylish ffit^gjtz^2&jr j^^jt^Sj^l^^K S /\sz!&
Special priez of th" entire outfit, which in- IE jfffiffi i ■ IlMBeJ^ I
eludes the suit, the r.v'ra pair of trousers, the fftffiu J^lHttffi *■ ' /
golf Cip—spcci%l for 'hii Friday and Saturday, fcr^^**!? tt&^r 4^Sl I' !
»r -v T To fit chaps between flfe.*/ s&fw^
years; smcillcr sizes EK^f liEfff
/•l^^>^y'^^ :t ''*i>v m- ad c in Reefer tS&I/
fashion, as you see in Bh r T?"^ fIXr -^
X^^n£3s^ VsBs our juvenile clothing
3^^q[£ wMe 7H,os£ fashion- • V^^v^v^*^^ I'^1 '^' 4^ I*^1 *^
/' / "^^ J HS^ S§asf rtWc m Frisco-you, %^ :^^??S^S^^S
t' S^^^S know that.
■ If • RAPHAELS'- -'
ili'-^e^' THE FRISCO BOYS,
&£^^ COR. KEARNY ST. AND UNION SQUARE AYE.
SENTIMENT OF HOUSE
IS AGAINST ROBERTS
Poll of Representatives Shows
That Only Two Openly De=
clare They Favor the
Polygamist.
For Rober<S"=2. Against RobertsH23. Non-com=
mittat but mainly opposed to Roberts— l 34. Total, 259.
In ■ careful poll of the members of the
House of Representatives, made by The
Call on the question of permitting Brig
ham H. Roberts, the Mormon member
from Utah, to take his seat, the views of
more than two-thirds of the membership
have bern obtained. Of this number only
two— one From Michigan and one from
Georgia— declare themselves In favor of
admitting Mr. Roberts, regardless of the
Charge brought against him. The Call's
canvass shows an overwhelming senti
ment In favor of unseating the member
elect from Utah.
While more than one-third of the mem
| bers express themselves emphatically as
Intending to vote to unseat Mr. Roberts,
this proportion does not by any means In
dicate the whole number of those who
will so vote. Many new members who
have not yet taken their seats are disin
clined to express their opinions for publi
cation. There are many who take the
i ground that it would be Improper for
j them to announce In advance their opin
; ion in a case on which they are to sit In
judgment. In almost every Instam-e these
members, while giving non-committal in
! trrviews for publication, privately admit
1 that they expect the evidence to be such
I as to warrant thorn in voting against Mr.
! Roberts.
It is probable that Mr. Roberts will be
: ■worn In- when Congress assembles. Then
' will come the proceedings to expel him
Mr. Roberts declines. to discuss his case,
i Upon bring Informed of the strength of
j the opposition, he declared: "The mem
j bers have prejudiced the case."
Appended i :-. the poll:
Alabama.
: Aralnvt seating Roberts— Bremer. Bank
; h< ad. Stallin? and Taylor: non-committal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, DECEMBER 1. 1899.
— •en, Bobbins, Clayton and Under
wood.
Arkansas.
Non-committal— Dinsmore and Little.
California.
Apalnst— Waters and Metcalf: non-com
mittal—Kahn, De Vries, Xeedham and
Barhani.
Colorado.
Non-committal— Bell.
Connecticut.
Against— Stevens, Sperry, Russell and
Hill.
Delaware.
Non-committal— Hoffecker.
Flordia.
Against— Davis; non-committal—Spark
man.
Georgia.
For— Lewis: against— non-com
mittal- Lester. Adamson. Bart!ett, Mad
dox. Howard, Brantley, Griggs, Tate and
Lcvingston.
Illinois.
Against— Hepburn. Reeves, Rodcnburg.
j Warner and Boutell.
Indiana.
Against— Farls, Foss. Hemenway, Wat
son. Overstreet, Crumpacker and Rob
inson; non-committal— l-andy and Brick.
lowa.
Against— Thomas. Hepburn and Hull.
Kansas.
Against— Reeder. Curtis. Bower and
Sock; non-committal— !. ore
Kentucky.
For— Wheeler; non-committal— Smith and
Rhca.
Maine.
Against— BurloiKh and Llttlrfield; non
committal — Benny and Wachter.
Massachusetts.
Against— Luring. Greene. Gillette. Wey
mouth. Lawrence, Kriska. Roberts, Na
pnen and Fitzgerald- non-committal— Mc-
Call, Moody and Thay.
Michigan.
AgaJnst— Blskhop. Weeks. Fordney and
Corliss.
Minnesota.
Apainst— McCleary tddy. Fletcher and
Heatwole; non-committal— Tawney.
Mississippi-
Apainst— Spight and M< Lain; non-com
mittal— Catchings. Fox. Henry and Allen.
Missouri.
AgaJnst— Lloyd Pearce. Dougherty, Joy,
Cochrane and Cowherd: non-committal-
Clarke, Dearmond and Cooney.
Nebraska.
Against— Burkett and Sutherland: non
committal—Mercer I'.tuinson, Stark and
Neville.
Nevada.
Non-committal— NewlaJ
New Hampshire.
Apainst— «:..:k. n :.-committal—Sullo
way.
New Jersey.
Against— Loudensla&T, Stewart, Gard
iifi and Howell; uon-o>mmittal— Parker,
Salmon and Daly.
New York.
ARainst— Drißgs. Sherman, Scudder,
Ryan, Vreeland and C chrane: non-com-
I I "liickorlng, Lit
tauer, Btewart, Glynn Payne, Lev.-. Wil
son, May, FitZßerald. O'Grady, Muli.-r.
McClelland, Cummlnga Sulier, Clayton
and Riordan.
North Carolina.
Against— Anvater and White; non-com
mlttal—Bellamy and Sm;i!l.
Ohio.
Agpinst— Mnrpun. Hromwell. Shattuc.
O<-.rdnn. Weaver, Lybrand, Norton. Korr,
Van Voorhls. McDowell, Dirk. Bnrr.ir
I and GUI; nnn-rommittal- Hronner, Merk-
Brown, Southard Grosvenor, Taylor,
; Phillips and Lf>ntz.
Pennsylvania.
Asalnst— & a. Davenport, Biiißham.
Harmer, Wangi r. Barker, Broslus, Jack.
, v> right, r.'iu Thropp, Graham, A-tcheson
and Connell: non-committal— Adams, Ife-
Al.-r. founs, Hinlor. Green, B. W. Daven
port, Ryan. Ta- k.-r. Mahon, Blegler
ton. Hall. Grow, Blblej and Showalter.
Rhode Island.
ost— Melville, Bull and A. B. Capron.
South Dakota.
Against— Gamble and Burke; non-com
mittal—Hnt. Cannon, Smith, raldwell,
Uilliamt: and Crowli ■ . : r Smith.
Texas.
Against • Burleaon; non
fommlttal—Ball. Kleberg, Slay den, I>^
Graflcnreld, Burko. Lanham, Strphens,
'■'■*\\<\ . Shepherd and Henry.
Vermont.
Non-committal- Groal and Powers.
Virginia.
Agalns»--Swansoi. , nor.-oonimlttal— Rlx
■nd Hay.
West Virginia.
Against— Freer and Dayton.
Tennessee.
Non-eommltial— ftrownh w, Snodgrass,
Richardson. Sims and I rmaek.
Wisconsin.
Against— X-< i: ihl and Minor;
non-committal-^llabccck and Duvld
Wyoming.
Non-commirtal- Monde!!.
GATHERING OF
MAGNATES OF A
GREAT CHURCH
Bishop Nichols Re-
turns Home.
The Episcopal Rishop nf California ar
rived week after a months so
journ in the Bast At Bt lx>uis he a
ed the missionary council of the church
ar.d met delegates from many of the dio
ceses throughout the United States. In
addition to the ordinary business of the
council Bishop Nichols was especially in
terested n learning the disposition of
tthe crr.iroh toward the meeting of the
great triennial convention, v.hi -h is to
convene In San Francisco In October. UOL
The Bishop of Sacramento was also tn
attendance and upon every occasion add
ed his eloquent voice in "support of San
Francisco's ad Blslwp || re
land Is now In the East and has several
Important addresses to make before Influ
ential church bodies. He la also charged
with ; f i ry an
ments In connection with this great gain
ing of churchmen. With the asatstanc« of
all the Western Blsl can be no
doubt that the convention will really meet
as proposed. Some little opposition has
arisen on SCO ant of the distance and the
time consumed In coming and going, but
solely from the older generation. The
young men of the church are all in favor
Of Han Francisco. Pour years ago the
convention rret at Minneapolis and the
pame objections were raised then, but
the resell was most gratifying to the
broader minds In the church and profit
able as well, the principal benefjt accru
ing to the staid, conservative element,
who for the first time realized that ill the
power ani greatness of the church was
not conflm a exclusively to the thickly
populated F&Pt.
Bishop Nichols states that he found a
rapidly growing Interest In favor of Sun
Francisco. One sanguine churchman ex
pressed the c pinion tnat If the prosperous
conditions of the country are not Inter
rupted there will be a larger convention
in IMI th in was ever before held. The
railroads havi ilready promised extreme
ly low rates and that will have great in
fluence in inducing many Eastern church
men In taking the California trip and
bringing will, them a large constituency
of church i eople. who are not delegates.
It is also understood that in all the dio
ceses electing delegates the preferem c
will be given those who will promise at
tendance. The influence of all the Bish
ops of dloo Fes located west of the Mis
sissippi River will be brought to near
upon the whole church to make the con
vention great in respect to numbers and
representatives of the intellectual stand
ing and wealth of the church.
The convention will be large In point
of numbers. There are now elghty-flve
Bishops entitled to seats and 255 clergy
and as many lay delegates, making a
lower house 510 In number. The Bishops
act by themselves as a separate body.
The assemblage will not only be the first
great national ecclesiastical gathering of
the new century, but will be notable as
bringing together the devotion. w«Ml«.h
and intellect of a great and expanding
church, whose Bishops claim a direct .md
continuous descent from the apostles and
whose clergy and laity represent the
scholarship and culture of the country.
The Chief Justice of the United States
has represented his diocese In the Uen
ernl Convention for a generation and will
be present, together with Senator Ed
munds of Vermont, famed as a lawyer
and legislator. Several Governors of
States and numbers of men known
throughout th*» country will be am mg
the honored delegates. The Intention of
the California Bishops Is to make the
convention of 1901 representative of the
wide sway of the church throughout tn©
world.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has al
ready designated Dr. Crelghton. Bish.-p
cf London. ;.* his personal representative.
The MerroDolitanfl of CanaJn. Australia
and India have accepted Invitations and
Will be pre k in by representatives If not
In person. The Amori^nii Bishops of
China. Japan Rrazil and Africa will he
there and Bishop Hompas of the Arctic
diocese of the Mackenzie River, who has
not emerco'l from exile for a quarter of
a century, will shed the benediction of
his pre«»o.ic> upon this notable gathering.
Represent at.yes from Ireland and Scot
land have been nsked and wii; probably
accept the invitation. In fact, the whole
Anglo-Saxo:i world will be represertc.l.
Already arrangements are being made I >r
the hospital, ]o reception of the distin
guished delegation*. Bl*hop Nichols will
have an episcopal residence by the :lrne
the convention meets and his efforts to
entertain will be supplemented by num
bers of the laity, who will gladly show 10
the strangers the true meaning of what
a California greeting is.
The Episcopal church, it is claimed, is
growing more rapidly than any other
Protestant denomination. It numbers
-ifl.nnn communicants and its offerings rjr
church purpeses are nearly J20.000.0U0 a
year.
Hales. I ? fll . c l a !r __J ....... Hjd *!^ . _^
at thoughts of days gone by. J^~J^
-| the big store dazzles with Christmas brilliancy, hundreds of workers
stand ready to serve you. 'tis the beginning of the end of a wonderful year -^^^
gggg and a historical century, 'tis Christmastime for everybody !
Santa Claus will visit you in his new S^^
automobile! sold the reindeer this year and came in an autamo- §§§?:
Due. watch for him on the streets to-day ! stop him and give him your letters. S§§^
-^^>Z his route from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. to-day will be from Hales store
down Market to Eighth to Folsom to Army to Mission to Twenty-fourth to §=^£
<j^ZZ£ Bartlett to Twentieth to Valencia to Market to Van Ness to Golden Gate aye
■Si§l§ M , ( S / O Ole? c from 2p - m - t0 43 ° p - m will be from Ha'es store down
Market to Kearny to Montgomery aye. to Bay to Van Ners to Golden Gate aye. €BH^
<?o^^ ready to m»et him! he's got something for you ! bring your letters. v^T-\^
" — +
s^l<P with mama C ' aUS h°ldSh ° IdS * feCSption in the store to-morrow evening in his cabin— come if§|^
my stofe^Jnl aUS ****' "^ ma bb ° X ' S " 0W ready in the bazaar * post yOur letters in
i',,^ the automobile route will he nub..shed daily, by written request Santa and his Hl§^
111 l automobile will visit char.ty institutions wherever possible write early, address Santa §=^§
'^f/C^/ uiaus Log Mouse.
p2r| Dr. Krndheart mending dolls free, hospital crowded. many serious cases. ll^
ytf?J^ bee Sunday papers for some interesting announcements. §|^
ffhy^- 000000.000 c "-/— 7 jsj—f 0000 •«»«« 000
J S& !TrU dvdolla :>^-<i§*2^^
W^Vc I°°° ° ° ° * ° O<> ° 985. 987. 939> 941. .943. 945. 947 Market st Qoo 0 0 0 o °^ V • i§|§^
SPEAKS FOR NEW
TRIPLE ALLIANCE
Charr)berlaio F aVors a Combine
Between America, Great
Britain and Germany.
Ich can bring ourselves and Germany
> antagonism of Interests, on tlie
trary, I can foresee many things In the
jre which must cause anxiety to the
:esmen of Europe, but in which our in
■sts ar* clearly the same as Germany's
la winch the understanding of which
aye spoken in the case oi America
:ht, If extended to Germany, do irore
urhaps than any combination of aims
v preserve the peace of the world."
A new triple alliance between the Teu
onic race and the two preat branches of
he Anpln-Saxons would, said the Colo
ial Secretary, be a potent Influence Jn
he future world.
Referring to the attacks of the foreign
Mr. Chamberlain said these n>ws
- had not even spared "the almost
sacred person of the Queen."
This, continued the speaker, provoked
natural indignation, "which may have
serious '-onsequences if our neighbors do
not mend th.'ir ways."
An outburst of cneertnir greeted this
threat of the Colonial Secretary. Jt «v
a matter 'or cnngratulatkm. Mr. <;hniri
berlain asserted, that the worst of these
disgraceful attacJu "did not appear in
the German paw
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Joseph Chamber
lain. Secretary of State for the Colonies,
In a speech at a luncheon at Leicester
to-day, said that ever since the great
split In the Liberal party he had found
himself a mark for the slanders and mis
representations of the "baser sort of
politicians," but that he had found com
pensation In the generous appreciation
of the majority of the countrymen.
Continuing. Mr. Chamh. rlain said he
was deeply gratified that the foreign rela
tions of Gnat Britain were so satisfac
tory, and assorted that the country owed
a debt of gratitude to I^ord Salisbury for
the great Improvement In Great Britain's
position. It wan especially gratifying, he
said, to note the friendly relations exist
ing betw .■<•!! the Anglo-Saxon branches.
saving that the understanding between
t!..- United BtatM and Grout Hritaln w.is
Indeeo a guarantee of the peace of the
world.
Tins statement was greeted with chee-s
it was of the utmost Importance, Mr.
Chamberlain further remarked, that
Qreal Britain should ncit remain Isolated
in Europe, and her natural alliance was
wit 11 the great German empire. They had
bad difficulties with Oermany, but the
Interests and sentiments were the same.
The speaker explained that he ustvl the
word "alliance." but it mattered little
whether they had an alliance committed
to paper or an understanding which ex
isted In the minds of the statesmen o.' the
representative countries. A determination
In every cans., to look fnr favorable mo
tives upon the part of those with whom
friendship was desired would be an
enormous advantage to both nations con
cerned and others.
Dealing with the attitude of foreign na
tions. Mr. Chamberlain said:
"I rejoice, and it is perhaps natural, for
I have taken a personal interest In th"
matter, In the friendly feeling, which I
hope is now permanent, between the two
freat branches of the Anglo-Saxon race,
have so many friends in the United
States, almost as many as 1 have here,
and I can conceive of no greater disasters
to the two countries than to find them
selves hostile to each other. Yet. I re
member, when 1 first visited America, my
surprise and astonishment at the evi
dence given me by statesmen and poli
ticians and In articles In the press of con
stant suspicion of the objects of Great
Britain, constant doubts as to her integ
rity and a general unfavorable estimate
of our prospects and character.
"Once, addressing a great meeting In
Philadelphia, I ventured to say that what
we wanted was a new Columbus to set
out from America, discover the United
Kingdom and return to America and tell
them something they did not know of
the character of the strange inhabitants
of those islands.
"This Ml-tVeling was due no doubt to
many causes— to the fact that the
United Stateß has never been at war
with any great power but England; due
to their traditions, extending over a cen
tury; due to a feeling that the sympathy
of Great Britain was not with them in
their civil war, and to the general belief
that the people of Great Britain would
t,ee with satisfaction any harm that
might befall them.
•it appeared to me almost useless to
contradict these mistaken opinions. But
what the asseverations of statesmen could
not do was done by the sympathy we were
willing to give when the United States
found its°lf the object of suspicion,
which has so often accompanied our ov.ri
transactions wh. n England engaged in a
war of Justice against oppression a war
In favor of civilization and good govern
ment.
"Our actions proved to the Americans
that we were Indeed one people, of the
same thoughts and guided by the same
principle*. The assurance thai was given
them in the course of the Spanish war
will. I believe, never be forgotten, and
has placed our relations in an admirable
position. The union, the alliance, if you
please, the understanding between ih<-«*»
two great nations, is. Indeed, a guarantee
of the peace of the world. But there is
something more which I think any far
seeing Kniflish statesman must have long
desired— that we should not remain p.-i
manently isolated from the continent of
Europe, and I think it must have ap
peared evident to everybody that the nat
ural alliance Is between ourselves ami the
German cmi ire. We have had our differ
ences, quarrels and contentions, but they
have all uc^n about petty matters. Tbote
difficulties have been gradually removed
until now I cannot conceive that any
point can arise in the Immediate future
POROED HIS FATHERS NAME.
Sacramento Man Charges His Nephew
With a Grave Offense.
Joseph Rose, a young man whose pa
rents reside in New London. Conn., was
arrested last night l>y officer Marston on
the complaint of his uncle. A. C. Nunes,
a saloonkeeper of Sacramento, and
charged with Corgery. He »as locked up
In the California-street Polite station.
Eli -•■ resided in this city St MM J.ickson
street. He is accused of having forged
his father's name to a document, on the
strength of which Nunen loaned him $I>»>.
Hose says he gave his personal note for
the money, which be required for sick
ness, and that his uncle Is the author of
the document used against him.
Yesterday afternoon Nunes got his
nephew- In an attorney's office and after
some dispute an officer was called and
Rose was arrested.
Reception and High Jinks.
The officers and members of Division
No. 20 of the Ancient Order of Hibernians
gave one of their annual receptions and
high Jinks In the lower hall at Native
Sons" building on Seventeenth street last
night.
Over 200 members with their friends as
sembled, and without any fixed formality
the social features of the evening com
menced. Pipes and tobacco were there
galore, and this, with short recitations,
songs and set speeches, relieved the In
tervals. This was followed with a more
substantial repast from th«» anteroom,
which was much enjoyed by all present.
The following officers of the division *aw
to It that none went away regretting
their visit: Eugene O'Connor, president;
I'at lialoney, vice president; W. S v ;
nejsey, recording secretary; Illchac
Avoy, financial secretary, and John
O'Neill, treasurer.
Pythians Celebrate.
The largest hall In the Pythian Castle
was crowded Wednesday by the members
■ ; Ootden Gate Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias and their lady friends who had
accepted Invitations to be the guests of
the lodge at its Thanksgiving tve cele
bration. Knights Bcnerer, llutehinson.
Bishop. Rrause and Imhrman offered <
programme of vocal and instrument
lections, recitations, cak* walking and
dancing. The contributors to the
ins s entertainment wen ■ ireen
tiHd. Miss Johnson. MS* Ida Bw<
Mrs. M. I.«-wis. Alexander Bently and the
Manning slatfrs. The dancing whl< h fol
lowed the programme kept the dancers
on the floor until s late hour.
Turkey at the County Hospital.
Dr. David A. Ilr.dghejd. superintendent
of the City and County Hospital, treated
his 500 patients to a genuine Thanksgiving
turkey dinner yesterday. Six hundred
pounds of the great American bird, with
200 pounds of mincemeat and fifty sacks
of sweet potatoes, was the consignment of
edibles delivered at the hcst-ltnl for
ThanksgUini; day. This feast was pro
vided out of the funds of the regular
monthly appropriation.
Dr. Parker's rough Cure. One don* will ttop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druijlaU. •
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
DAVID
HARUM
340,000
TO NOV. 1
By EDWARD HOVES WESTCOTT I
tamo. Cloth, $1.50 1
For Sale Everywhere
D. Appleton and Company, Nor York I
PHILIPPOS OHANESSIAN OF ARMENIA
Haa Brought a Direct Shipment of
FINE ANTIQUE
TURKISH
Rugs, Carpets, Klllms, Etc..
Convened to Us to Sell
WITHOUT RESERVE,
AT AUCTION,
Berinnlnc MONDAY. Dec. 4. at 2 and I p m.
POSITIVELY FOR ONE WEEK ONLY
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan A Dohrntann't.
Good* on view to-morrow. Catalogue*.
A. W. LOUDERBACK fin HI mm.
Terra Cotta
Smoking Sets
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming Just to See.
Great America liportiii Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
m 2*o- matzos
We offer the Finest Matzo ever baked In Call.
%;, &m°^ tTr k 'M n ln v n^ SSsi?*
SAN FRANCISCO MATZD COMPANY.
Factory and Main OfHca. 1130 Howard it. '
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location off
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveycd.
F. A. HYDE,
415 Montgomery 6t.. 6an Fr«acl«8»