VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 171.
ALLEGED DEFEAT OF BOERS,
ARRIVAL OF RELIEF COLUMN
Many Conflicting Reports Come
From Ladysmith, but the In
dications Are That a Decisive
Battle Will Soon Be Fought.
LONDON, Nov. 20.—A spe
cial dispatch from Estcourt dated
November 20 says a report has
reached there of a battle at Lady
smith, Wednesday. November
15, lasting from daybreak until 2
o'clock in the afternoon. Many
Boers are said to have been killed
and many are reported to have
been taken prisoners. The P.rit
ish losses are reported to be much
less. Another battle is said to
have occurred Thursday. It is
described as the heaviest yet
fought. The Boer dead, it is
added, number hundreds, while
the British losses were compara
tively small.
The Standard publishes the fol
lowing from Ladysmith! dated
Sunday. November 19: The ar
rival of the relief column at Est
court has completely modified
the plans of the enemy, and Gen
eral Joubert has moved to the
south in an effort to prevent the
junction of the two British forces.
ESTCOURT, Monday, Nov.
20. — To-day fresh news is 3gain
at hand from Ladysmith in the
shape of a long official message
from General White and also
fome private dispatches. It ap
pears that on Wednesday nnd
Thursday of last week a big fight
took place, the Boers attacking
the town in force. All the Eng
lish infantry was engaged. The
Boers were repulsed and a por
tion of their trenches were car
ried. Their loss was great in
killed and wounded and prison
ers, but the British casualties
amounted to only about one
tenth of theirs.
Ladysmith is full of wounded
and captured Boers. It is report
ed that in the fighting on Novem
ber 9 the enemy lost 300 killed
and 50b captured.
Major General Methuen's pa
trols have located the enemy on
the northeast about ten miles off.
The Boers would not be drawn
out. Fighting is reported at the
Mooi River.
Runners declare that General
Joubert is coming on against Est
court to-day with large reinforce
ments, with the intention of at
tacking the place.
• BERLIN, Nov. 20.— Co
logne Gazette publishes the fol
lowing dispatch from Cape
Town: "Everything ii prepared
for a general rising of the natives
throughout Cape Colony. They
are ready at any moment to make
common cause with the Boers."
BOER ACTIVITY ABOUT LADYSMITH.
\ lew of the Klip t* . . r near.Laiiyamlth. with Boer column advam lrtg along its banks toward Colenso.
The San Francisco Call
LONDON. Nov. n. la. m.— The re
ports of heavy fighting at Lady- |
Bmlth last Wednesday have not
be-»n ■firmed On the contrary,
the reliable advices from ■ court
indicate rhat then* was nothing more than
a desultory cannonade. Probably th*» ru
mor of a serious engagement grew out of I
the fact that the Boers threw a fewharm- j
less shells late Tuesday night, leading to I
the supposition that an attack waa immi
nent. thine happened, however, on.
Wednesday.
Bvyond the fact that the Boers are dally
receiving fre^h reinforcements and sup
plies there is practically nothing new
from the front.
The. Boor Invasion of Cape Colony con
tinues steadily and rapidly. There are
1300 Boors at Ci>lesburg and news has
reached East London that Lady Gray. !
near Allwal North, has been deserted by I
the British ar.d Is now in the hands of
the enemy.
A Pretoria dispatch announces the ar
rival there, among the British prisoners, :
of Major Haldane. Lieutenant Brochle
and Lieutenant Hallway. It also declares
That the British on Sunday made two un-
Fuccessful attempts to oust the Rust en
burg commando from a position near Ma
ft-klng and that severe fighting took plac*-, \
From Delagoa Bay come reports of the
arrival of more German officer. 1 * and artil
lerymen who have volunteered to perve
with the Transvaal forces.
The War Office ::ii-offlciaJly asserts
that all news received from Africa has
been published with the exception of de- I
mands for the renewal of stores, war j
material and the like. Thai is an un
confirmed rumor that more troops have
been ordered from India to the Cape.
The plan of operation on both sides Is
slowy unfolding itself. General Joubert j
is evidently moving south to prevent, if |
possible, the Junction of the British re
lieving force with the forces at Estcourt
and Ladyfmlth. while on the Orange
River border the Boers are believed to De
concentrating at Donkerpoort to oppose
GeneraJ Buller's advance. It is said t>.*)
Boers have already laagered at Donkcr
poort.
The English plan s*-ems to be a three- i
fold advance— from Durban to Ladysmith.
from Orange River to Kimberley and
from East London, by way of Queens
town, to Burghersdorp. General BulJer
ha.« wired the commanding officer at
Queenstown announcing th*» dispatch of
GeneraJ Gatacre with th»» first battalion
of the Seventh Brigade to East Ixindon.
This was the plarp It was originally in- j
tended that Galacre's column shoulu '.Mart
for. Thus it Is possible that General Bul
ler's rat plans have suffered less modi
fication than Mine have supposed.
General Gatacre will be able to keep the ;
Boers on the Orange border sufficiently
occupied to preserve General Methuen I
from undue molestation, especially if
rumors from various sources that de- I
scribe the Free Stat* burghers as In r.o .
wise enthusiastic for lighting are well
founded.
It has been reported that General Bull«»r i
will take up his quarters at De Aar. but
this seems doubtful. De Aar. where a '
vast amount of stores have been collected.
Is the base for General Methuen'a ad
vance, and General Her may have h*en
there for a clay or so. It Is believed, how
ever, that he still has his headquarters at
Cape Town.
Although Kimberley la supposed to be
the objective point of General Methuen.
many military critics are of the opinion :
that hi.« advance will be not toward Kir- i
berley. but across the Orange Free State.
In order to secure complete command of
the Orange River.
The debarkation of troops at Cape Town '
is proceeding in the most satisfactory
manner. One thousand eight hundred
and fifty railway carriages have been col
lected there for the conveyance of troops
northward, and there is talk of suspend
ing the suburban traffic so as to acceler
ate military work.
The Dally Chronicle in Its "War Diary"
says this morning: "Hitherto we have
BAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
MAJOR-GENERAL SIR FRANCIS C. CLERY. |
"hi* officer Is now in command in Natal and will hav<* charge of th* en]. *
Una for the relief of Ladysmith. of which GentTul Hildyard will lea^i the ad- "
vance. I
■ Ik of the (|uality I f th-
•ur tran>
much <f which ruis had to be throw:.
overboard \ • we bave made Inquiries
ftei • sly to be Influence
■ ■
I to the
• •
Stat< • I 'üba.
where it v wn as
: ■ 1 with the
mark >•{ the current rear. Wh
blunder there may kav» been It must be
it at the do,.r of th.
at the door of the Admiralty, which has
•aken to feed the tl Not a
single com] I r.irne to hand re
guardinc ::,•■ War « »fflre."
HEAVY ENGAGEMENT
OCCURS NEAR KURUMAN
LONDON. Nov. 21.— The Daily Tele
graph publishes the following:
CAPETOWN. Saturday. Nov. 18.— The
military authorities authorize the publi
cation of the news that a heavy engage
ment has oc^urr«d near i*'lT"'Ttftfl The.
place was .••!,. by the enemy In force,
but after sharp fighting the Boers were
repulsed with considerable loss.
This action i I to have been
• ■ '. Plumer*a column, but
further dotalls are expecte.i shortly. News
1 here from Marking, under
' N'>v»-mt>er 2. to the effect that the
are disheartened by the failure of
their operations. It la reported tha 1
of them are retreating in various direc-
GENERAL CLERY'S
TASK IS DIFFICULT
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The present week.
according to the dispatches from the
front, ought to see a change in the de
fensive tactics hitherto maintained by the
British In South Africa. It is said that
the tack allotted to General defy, that
of relieving Ladyamitha will tax his gen
eralship to the utmost. The Boers are
developing .1 great deal of strength In
the neighborhood of Estcourt and Gen
eral Joubert is reported to be moving
southward him?- if In order to direct the
movement to repel the British advance,
after. It would s<—m. attempting to Isolate
Estcourt. This latter movement is al
ready in progress. The Boers practically
surround the town.
General Clery is lamentably deficient in
cavalry and artillery, though attempts
are being made to re-place the former by
an Outlander mounted Infantry, of which
about lS'X* have started for the front.
The popular anticipations here regard
ing the relief of Kimberley appear too
sanguine. The British force la not yet
ready and when it starts it will have a
dangerous r<>aii t<> follow, every foot of
which will probably be contested if the
British attempt a direct advance. So, «t
Is said, possibly instead of rushing di
rectly for Kimborley the British win ad
vance across the frontier In the direction
of Blocmfonteln. which may* thus be
threatened. This, It is claimed, would
draw off General Oonje's forces and en
able the railroad to be restored.
From the presence of General Buller
n*ar General Methuen at Orange River it
Js anticipated that the main advances
will bo made on '■••• west side, but it is
added unless General Gatacre is able to
advance simultaneously and push hack
the Boors who are occupying so many
points south of the Orange River, the
British lines of communication will be
seriously threatened. (■
Genera! Bullcr> orders t ■ 11s officers
on the subject & their equipment are
l .n me , an thal tne »ffl«erß are to
carry rifles, like the troops.
BOER PRISONERS ARE
SOMEWHAT DISCOURAGED
LONDON. Nov. 2L-The following dis
: patch from its special correspondent hi
published by the Daily Telegraph-
CAPE TOWN. Nov. U._ A batch of
I elghty-eeven Boer prisoners who were
: captured at Elands Laagte arrived to-day
by the steamer Putiala. Many of the men
were wounded. The most serious cases,
numbering a dozen, were landed and dis
patched to the camp hospital at Wynberg.
■■ The others were taken to Simons Town to
' join their comrades, who are detained on
; board the Penelope. I conversed with
some of the wounded. Including Com
mandant Pretorius. who was shot through
both legs, and three members of the
Johannesburg detective force, who were
enrolled in his commando. With trifling
exceptions the Boers had no conception
•of the business they undertook. In their
j own words. "We expected to meet boys
| but we were vanquished by men."
The majority of the Free State Boers
indeed, looked upon tho affair as a pleas
ant picnic through Natal, with peace
termg to be dictated by General Joubert
from Pietermaritzburg. with British
withdrawal and an immense strengthen
ing of the Dutch republican position in
the country. All prisoners to whom I
spoke extolled the bravery of the British
forces at Elands Laagte.
UNSUCCESSFUL NIGHT
ATTACK OF THE BOERS
LONDON, Nov. 21— The Dally Tele
graph publishes the following from its
special correspondent:
ESTI'OI-RT. Nov. W -Some parties of
Boers appeared this afternoon and even-
Ing at Willow Grande Highlands, near
Moil Rtrer. Bodlei of our mounted vol
unteers, who were out in that direction,
attacked th«» enemy, firing volleys at
them. Skirmishing continued until dusk.
when the Boers fell back, having suffer*.!
alight losses. Our casualties were re
ported nil.
Natives report that more Boers are ad
vancing from their camp at Colenso to
reinforce the laager which is now be
fore E.stcourt.
Rnnnera tn>m Ladysmlth, who came in
to-day, state thai all li well there. A
night attack was made (>y Doeii n Fri
day, but they wort* rapiilaod with h^avy
losses. Cannonading went on all night.
POLICY OF THE POPE.
BERLIN. Nov. 2a— A correspondent of
the Tageblntt In Rumo learns on good
authority in Vatican circles that an in
fluential pn.up tried to influence th<*
Pope agaiu.xt British POtfcy In South
Africa. The Pope, however, declined to
follow their counsels because England
has never given the church any ground
for c-omplalnt and because an anti-
British policy would cherk the movement
in England in favor of good relations
with the Vatican.
ALLEGED STARVATION.
PIETERMARITZBTRO. Nov. 20.-A
party of British heliographers, cut off by
the Boers outside of Estcourt. connived
to escape to New Hanover, on the Grey
town line, and arrived here to-day. They
report that 6ftoo Boers, driven by starva
tion, are forajrlnß toward Greytown. No
alarm is felt, but it may require a divi
sion of the relieving; column to annihilate
them.
BOERS OCCUPY CAMPBELL.
HOPETOWX, Cape Colony. Nov. 16.—
Yesterday the Boers occupied Campbell
In West Oriqualand.
FUNSTON WILL BACK HIS
HONOR WITH HIS COIN
He Challenges Any One to Prove He Looted
Churches While Fighting in the Philippines.
Denounces the Charges Made Against Him and Scorches Those
Who Will Not Take Up His Defiance Thomas Fox Enters
the Controversy With a Communication.
f" - r"\ HERE was one piece of work
i which General Funston had ar-
THERE to attend to after work
which General Funston had ar
rar.Ked '<■<> attend to after he ar-
I rived here from Kansas this last
time and before he left again for
Manila. He was going to hunt up one
John J. Sullivan, a man set forth by a
publication known as Donahoe's Maga
zine as a "reputable Journalist." who con
tributed for the November number of
that periodical an article charging Fun
ston with looting Catholic churches in
the Philippines.
On his arrival here Sunday evening
Funs*. first recourse was the direct
ory, but he found eleven John J Sulll
vans. none of them even reporters. So
he has put himself on record generally
in regard to the matter and has answered
the charges made against him. and then
he winds up with a challonße for any one
to prove, to the profit of the State Red
Cross Society and the satisfaction of
three Jewish residents of San Francisco,
either that he ever looted ■ church or
knowingly allowed a church to be looted;
or that M: I Fun.non ever received from
him or any one else any plunder taken
from a church.
The charges against Funston are not
new. but heretofore the general has let
them pass, referring to them only in the
briefest terms and at long intervals; but
he always hoped to be able to find the
John J. Sullivan he was looking for. and
bo he made no definite statement on the
subject. He dexrided. however, to set
his side before the public before he left
for Manila, and to that end, falling to
find the proper Sullivan, he ha." ad
dressed the following letter to The Call:
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call-
A Catholic Church publication known an Dona
hoe's Magazine, published In Boston, has in its
November number an article by one John J.
Sullivan, whom the editor vouches for as a
"reliable Journalist" of San Francisco. In
which this gentleman with the rich Corkonlan
name gives a formidable array of alleged data
regarding the looting of churches In the Philip
pines. In my nervous anxiety to learn the
Identity of this John J. Sullivan. I. on my ar
rival In San Francisco yesterday, buried myself
in that widely exciting publication, the Ctty
Directory of San Francisco, and there, to my
anguish. TounJ that there are eleven John J.
Sullivan* In San Francisco, the most of them
bartenders. coalpa«»**r« and *lf>at r boys, but
nothing to Indicate which of them was the
"reliable Journalist."
Are we to be driven to the conclusion that
this Is the young roan who conducts the ele
vator In Its mad flight from the ground floor
to the office of the Monitor? Perish th»
thought! The mental wabbllngs. of the hyster
ical youth who has thus plunged suddenly Into
fame are mostly pitiable and laughable, and
only assume a serious phase when we recollect
that any blackguard when making Wild asser
tions in a plausible manner and giving an array
1 of dates and alleged Incidents can have himself
rated far above his true worth.
Ordinarily I would not think It worth my
while to notice such a tissue of lies as this
young puppy has regaled us with, but the fact
that I have friends in all parts of the United
States who are Roman Catholics, and the fact
that I have the greatest respect for the opinions
of the bulk of the clergy and laity of that body.
Impels me to »how to the public the actual
I facts regarding the allegations by the above
j mentioned youth. He says:
General Funston has in his possession a
blue silk gold-ornamented robe taken from
the statue of the Blessed Virgin In the Ca
loocan church on February 11. In stripping
this robe from the statue the figure was
mutilated and almost hacked to pieces. The
glass case In which It was encased was
broken into a thousand pirce^.
Although there is a doubt as to whether
Funston himself stole this robe from the
statue. Mrs. Stevens, a hospital nurse from
Colorado, and Thomas Fox. a voluntary
nurse in the Hospital corps, who is now
employed In the Hall of Records In the clty
of Oakland. Cal.. claim that they were eye
witnesses to the theft and that Funeton Is
guilty. Mrs. Stevens, who has a son in the
army, was ambitious tj get possession of
the robe. Its beauty having been described
to her by her HO. She went to the church
for the purpose of obtaining It. but on the
way she was told that Funs: had heard
about the robe and at that time was en
gaged In divesting the statue of it. On en
tering the church this report was confirmed.
At the time the sacred robe was stolen Mr.
Peters, a sketch artist for either Harpers
or Leslie * Monthly, was engaged In sketch-
Ing the police station in Gala an. and It Is
claimed by Fox that the artist was an eye
witness to the theft. The robe was subse
quently presented to the wife of General
Funston by the latter, who considered It a
most extraordinary and valuable gift. Fox
served in the ambulance corps under Cap
tain Black of the North Dakota regiment.
This Is all very interesting, but. unfortu
i nately, a lie. When the Twentieth Kansas oc
cupied the Caloocan church on the night of
February 10 1 at once ordered Lieutenant S i
G. Hopkins, officer of the guard, to remove all
of the altar furniture and such of the Images
as were portable to a side room and place a
guard over them until a leek could be pro
cured for the door. I personally saw that this
was done. The sergeant of the guard was J.
C Murphy, a Roman Catholic. Present ad
dress of both Hopkins and Murphy. Leaven
worth, Kan-. In another room was a chest of
drawers containing ' priest robes, etc. The
guard, which was changed every day, had In
structions from me to see that nothing in
this room was disturbed by anybody.
About February 16, not on the nth. as the
"reliable Journalist" says, the sergeant of the
guard. Lewis, of Company E. Twentieth Kan
sas, came to me and said that an American
woman »a» dragging the robes out on to the
floor and that she paid no attention to his ad
monitions to stop. I went with him and found
a middle-aged woman of short stature and
Iron-gray hair Indiscriminately packing away
a number of robes. I told her that unless she
desisted at once I would put her under arrest.
She turned on me like a tigress, and said:
"There Is not anything In this trash that I
want. If I did It would take a bigger man
than you to stop me from taking It."
1 ordered her from the building, and she left.
vowing to get even. I never learned this wom
{ an* name, hut saw her several times after
ward. Her refutation was that of a meddle
some nd disreputable camp follower. She Is
probably the Mrs. Stevens spoken of by the
"reliable Journalist."
Thomas Fox, spoken of above, was never in
the huepltal corps of In any way connected with
the army, but was a dissolute and worthless
fellow used an a lackey by McCutcheon and
Bass, two correspondents in the Philippines,
to care for their carrier pigeons and do their
camp work for them. Three times he was
fined In the provost court of Manila for drunk
enness and disorderly conduct. I myself put
him under arrest for looting a private house in
GENERAL FRED FUNSTON.
MaWon. He gtnwed himself away on th* Tar
' tar to return to San Francisco, refusal to do
his share of work when discovered, and was
put on bread and water for two weeks by
Colonel Metcalf. He arplled to me for relief,
and I told him he could stay on bread and
water nil his life before I would Interfere. He
promptly registered a vow to "do" me. It
would doubtless be a delichtful surprise to the
people of Oakland to know that this fellow
Is now employed In their Hall of Records. Re
garding Captain Abernethy. I quote:
tenant Abernethy. formerly of the
Third Artillery, bat now captain of a com
pany <•( the Thirtieth Volunteer Regiment,
entered the church nt Paoiß In the latter
part of last February and broke open the
Klass case th.it contained the ctatue of St.
Augustine. Finding nothing of unusual
value he left the church In charge of a
guard. Later he returned, hoping to flnd
something of value OH th» statue. The black
robe, of little value. In which the figure
was dressed was torn Into shreds. The gilt
beading, which the captain hoped was gr;ld.
was taken, after which the statue was
broken Into many pieces.
Captain Abernethy. who belongs to the
Thirty-sixth instead of tr> the Thirtieth, was a
lieutenant In the Third Artillery, which was
brigaded with the Twentieth Kansas on the
n^rth line at Caloocan. fifteen miles , fr^m
Paslg. I know that Lieutenant Abernethy was
on constant duty with his regiment, and It Is
utterly Impossible for him to have been at
Pasig In February or at any other time during
the war. So much for He No. 2.
Now for another.
I quote again from the "reliable Journalist":
The members of the Twentieth Infantry
entered a church at Maloloa on March 5 or 8
and treated the statues erected to variou*
saint* In a manner similar to that pur
sued by Abernethy In the church at fal
oocan. A statue encased In glass In a recess
of the wall wan removed and broken Into
pices by the soldiers, the Ivory hand* and
head being taken. The empty casket was
utilized as a bed by one of the soldier*.
The Twentieth Infantry was never in Malo
los nor within thirty miles of that place.
How could any American troop* have been
there on March 5 or 6 when Malolos was not
captured until the 31*t day of that month? So
far, so food. Now for He No. 4.
Second lieutenant Lapp. Company C.
First South Dakota Regiment, has a sur
plice taken from the church at San Pedro
Macatl. It was taken frcm the sacristy ad
joining the sanctuary. A number of other
vestments were also taken, but were lost
or mislaid on the voyage from Manila to
the United States. Lapp claimed that he
would not sell the article at any price, as
he considered It a valuable relic of, the
Philippine campaign.
The South Dakota Regiment was In Mac A
rthur's division, many miles from San Pedro
Macati. and never during the whole war was
within twenty miles of that place.
I bass over a number of wild statements re
garding private soldiers of various organisa
tions, as I, for obvious reasons, have not at
hand the facts necessary to refute all of the
"reliable journalist's" statements. One of
them, however, as It deals with my old regi
ment. I can attend to.
Private Andrew Dalton. Twentieth Kan
sas Regiment, has In his possession a mani
ple taken from a church In San Pedro
Macati. It Is of gorgeous pattern and magni
ficently ornamented In gold and silver. lv
value Is Intestlmable. "I can thank a
Filipino for this vestment." he said. In tell
ing how he procured It. "The regiment was
encamped in the church for several days
and during that time nearly everything of
value was taken by the boys. Although I
was with them. I was unable to secure any
thing save a piece of the altar. One day I
noticed a native crouching In one corner of
the vestibule leading, to the church. Al
though he was detailed to clean the church.
I noticed that he was unusually quiet ap
parently hiding from the boys. i accosted
him and ordered him to leave the place and
get to work. No sooner had he left than I
began to Investigate th« cause of his hiding.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
After scattering a heap of rubbish from th»
corner of the vestibule I found hidden un
derneath, carefully covered with old news
papers, the vestments you now see. I took
them to the basement of the church, where
I hid them until we left our quarter*."
There never was an officer or man by th«
name of Dalton In the Twentieth Kansas who
went to the Philippines, and neither the Kansas
Reziment nor any detachment of it was ever
In Han Pedro Macatl. Now, further. I have put
a check of rioflO on the Bank of California In
the hand* of my aid. Lieutenant B. J. Mitchell,
Fortieth t'nlted State* Volunteer Infantry, now
at th» Occidental Hotel, and I challenge John
J. Sullivan, whichever one of him It Is. th«
editor of Donahoe's Magazine, the editor of th*
San Francisco MoaNer, or any other person
who takes up this case, la put up an equal
amount, and I challenge these people to prove
by evidence that would pass in any police court
that I ever took, connived at the taking >'.. or
knew of the taking of any article, sacred or
otherwise, from any church In the Philip
pine*, or that my wife ever received from my
hands or from those of any one else, anything
taken from any church, the judge* \t> b# thr#»
Jewish residents of Pan Francisco, to » se
lected by Rabbi Voorsanger. any money for
feited by either party goieg to the California.
Red Cross Society.
I'nless this challenge |g accepted In forty
eight hours. I heroby brand the editor of Dnn«.
hoe'« Magazine, the editor of the San Francl*co
Monitor and this particular one of the eleven
John J. Sulllvana tn San Francisco as liars ami
blackguards cf the first water.
FREDERICK FTNSTON.
Brigadier General. V. S. Volunteers.
1313 Tenth avenue. Oakland. Cal., November
:r>. ISM.
FOX DENIES CHARGES.
Answers a Statement Made by
Funston in Kansas City.
Referring to a dispatch from Kan
City, published her* and sent the day
Funston left there for this coast. Thomas
Fox takes occasion to deny some of th*
statements made about him by Funston.
In speaking of the charges of looting,
Funston made the following statements:
I have found out who the author of the libel
Is: It was a man by the nan of Fox, a ramp
follower. He deserted from an English sail In*
ship and followed us during the campaign. Ifa
was flne-1 three times In the provost court for
drunkenness and disorderly conduct. At Ma
ralo I found him in a private hous« and or
dered him under arrest, as he had no business
there. The paper that printed his story said It
was from a reliable newspaper man. Ills con
nection with the press was the valet to carrt-r
pigeons used by McCutcheon and Bass, two cor
respondents of the Philippines. Fox stowed
himself away on board the Tartar when w# left
Manila, and when he was discovered refused to
work. Colonel Metcalf placed him on bread and
water for two weeks, and he swore vengeance
against us both. He has made no attack oa
Colonel Metcalf, but m.iJ- this one on me.
These statements Fox takes up in tba
following letter:
Editor Call: Funston nays he has found out
that I was a camp follower. He is correct. 1
was a camp follower. If he wishes, and. to
quote from a .•'..• testimony from Major
Bell, "the only camp follower who was wel
come everywhere or who followed our fortunes
with the knowledge aa I consent of the com
manding general."
"Fox deserted from an English sailing ship
and followed us during the campaign "
I not only never deserted from an English
sailing ship, but never even set foot on on* In
my life! I did. Indeed, follow the army darts*
the campaign and witnessed the spoliation of
Caloocan Church Incidentally. There is an In
sinuation in this statement that I deserted at
Manila to try the fortunes of war. I can fur
nish plenty of proof that I departed from San
Francisco on the transport Pennsylvania and
was compelled to stay in Honolulu five weeka
as the result of Injuries I then re-en:'
on the transport Warren for the Philippine*.
"He was fined thrM Uses la uw oravaat2
y NEWS FROM
THE CAMRS
FUNSTON AND METCALF
ACCUSED BY SOLDIERS
Sensational Charges Made in Affidavits
Ey Men of the Twentieth
Kansas.
7DPKKA. Kan.. Nov. S».— The Topeka State Journal this evening prints
a number ofaffldavits and sign.-d statements «>y raemkre of the Twentieth
Kansas, making sensational charges against Gteneral Funston and colonel ;
Mctialf. The m<*t serious charge against Metcalf is that at Calooean a
Fliiiii&o prisoner of war wont to Meualf on his knees and pleaded lor ,
mercy. Uetcalf draw a. revolver, iuvl placing it against the breast or ihe •
prisoner <i» liL.yuniy llred, killing him.
M<-n-aJf is also charged with Inattention to duty, cowardice and the ,
chronic habit of beta* fur In the rear of the tiring line during the engage-
Fur.ston is charged in numerous instances with claiming credit for acts of
bray« ry wl.ich he never perfornW. and in tome instances where he WMXOt •
even present. Ho is charged with maintaining a pr.-ss bureau, through whicn .
ho deceived the American people and tlu» War Department. ;
Lieutenant Hall of Lawrence, formerly of the Twentieth Kansas Kegi- j
n;.:it. la a Utter to the State Journal, makes the charge that Colonel Met
c*lf '.hut an unarmed an.] supplicating Filipino prisoner and. In support of it, .
furnishes liii followlcg affidavits of Private Husky ..f the Twentieth Kansas .
ana First Lieutenant Ferguson Of the Thirty-sixth Infantry:
CITY OF MANILA. Philippine Islands. :
iVraocally arorared before me tfela 2U& day of July. ism. rrivnt* Harris O. Husky. .
. t..;..r.v K. TtK-miMh Kansas Infantry, f. S. V.. who. »»'ing duly «wurn depowi and
>-*... Itjat »l t!»« battle of CaJ<wa«i he whs orderly f. t MuJ «r W. S. MeU-alf. lwentietU
Kaaasa Ictantrr. l\ 8. V.; t! at kt the p.tjnt whnv tbe tnsursent trenches cross the •
U-aVekrf r.Jia. mar and t» ll.e rlfht <>f thr trumuay. »:•• saw a prisorifr b'.yugnt out of 1
UM UTBcbM ui-4 to Majur Xvttvlt. Ttie Ji-j^nent further fays that »UJ»r WW ;
•iw.-iUrth KmtiSiiß lataatrjr, U. V.. *hoi the priaoner with his revolver, ana at tbe \
itase i.f th^ •:toui:ns t!.« prisoner wu aaanned »w^ on his knees. „»«,.-„
;:••-» HARRIS O. HUSKY, ■ j
Private. Company K. Tu-«itlrth ■ ■***■
Sraa and «übi«crlb*J to before xn* thi.« 2th day of July, !S;-9. l.n.u^'u i
i" li
First L.ieut«-n»nt. Twenty-flrst Infantry. J. A. G. C. M. .
Affldavlt of Lieutenant Ferguson:
SAX ANTONIO. Phtllrplne Inlandi. AuruM 23. IW. j
On tb* I«h ia.r of FVbruarr, Iftt, I wa< rncatrt-d St» the tnkir.»c o: Culuooan by tinted
."Jtat.-» troopn, trmx a corpora! In O>mji»n.v K. V»entl«'th Ksn»s« lafantrr. Jinm<-^:ai.-i> .
«rter the rr»asinit «if tb»« flr»t Hn» of tn«ur(>-tit ti*-nch««. ulK,ut Z"i yard» *cutb of the
t'*luj<aa etercta, 1 lizard a shot Ui^d to mjr i<?:t and r.«ar. and. hH>kln« that war, »aw a .
nuivr lulln.r.. npi^rtutly nielrf*. to tb«» ground. tUJur Mtti-*lf was Ktandlac al»ut
BIJC «>r «-i».!it iwt in fn.nl of tho natlv*. wuli a •mokii.g pUtul. and the ni<;jretsu>n t.iai i ,
iwejveil »»» lliat tb« major ».u.l »b>n the nntlve. Hut oUht mat ten tailed me. ur.J 1
went on with the Hue. uMfued) AliniVll M. FERQUSON.
Fim UHMMt, Thirty-sixth Infantry, I" b. \.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 20.— A dispatch To the Times from Cleveland.
Ohio, kij;:: When General MetcaJf was seen at Elyrla. twenty-five miles
from Cleveland. uMo. to-night. wh«ie he is visiting, he said:
'•1 understand that the a!!ldavlt presented by Hall was merely slf?md "-.
Soldier.' That kind of an afUdavlt Is not given any attention. The matter
with Hall is that he did not ret a promotion. There is nothing in the
charge at ail.
" The whole Rtory was investigated last ring by the Manila army au
thoritien and by Dean C. Worcester, a member of the Philippine Commission.
At that time the charges wore found to be utterly groundless. Th'.s Is -.he
Drst Um<* that my uamu has been connected with the story. The story nrft
originated in a letter a soldier boy wioto homo and some little Incident was
greatly exaggerated by this soldier boy. l can't account for Halls action
unleha he feels resentment against me because he was not recommended for
pruin-ition *nd expects to Injure rr.e by It."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The officials of the War Department, are sur
prised to li.'ar of tho chare* s m.i.l. agatnst Colonel Metcalf, for whom a very
hißh opinion is entertained In army elides.
Secretary Ko*»t expressed the belief that the charges were not true, but
eu\& he had no Information regarding the matter, of which he had not hoard
anything until given the press report. In view of the high rank of the officer
and of the explicit acdount regarding the alleged crime contained In the affi
davits accompanying the charges, It Is expected that the oitleials will take
formal sction with a view to ascertaining the accuracy of the published
statements.
General Funston In in Interview last ntpht spoke lichtly of the charges.
"I do not care to hay much on this matter." be said. "I believe the
charge* are the work of some members of the Twentieth Kansas whom Col
onel M«*tcalf and 1 have had reason recently to severely discipline. Colonel
Metcalf has left Kansas and 1 altw departed two days ago.
"I will say, Jiowe\ or, that the charge agiinst Colonel Metcalf was abso
lutely disproved after an exhaustive Investigation at Manila last spring, con
ducted by Major Mai lory under orders by General Otis. Major Mallory
ivportod that there was nothing in the charge. The matter is now in the
hands «>f the War liepartmeiiU
"As for myself. 1 may say that I have never courted any notoriety
through the press. My communications during the war were with such men
as McCutcheon, Bass and others on the firing line, who reported things m they
taw them. My promotion was not due to their r*| scn,tatl.»ns. but was
gTanted on the recommendation of Generals Mac-Arthur and IWhi-aion. That is
all 1 care to fa.y." . v
court f"r flrtmk«aaeas and disorderly conduct.**
T!.i* chares la untrue.
•At Marnio 1 found him In & private h<nis» |
and ordered Mm und«r arn-M. oi he had no
bttttoess there."
1 defy Funston to prnve this. It Is a lie.
•"The faj-rr that printed hls fU-ry raid It *a«
from a reltable n«-»>pai>trman. Hlf connection
with the jire#« «i» thnt of valet to the carrler
ijgeona ui«.-d tiy MeiHiicheon and Has*, two of
the currefj«.ni!ent.a In the I'hlllii'tnrs."
1 did not claim, nor did the Monitor assert,
that I was a Dewspapertaaa. U«.»evcr. I was .
In the «-mj'loy of Ai-niftr'nn ol th^ * lilrm;.* |
Itecord f^r a while and 1 bUleve h<* will r'-a^l- I
lly testify tn my HjcorM aa a n<-ws»tatli»T»r.
"K«'x Kto»ed hlmseU away «>n beard jlih Tar
tar when we left Manila, and whfn he wa» <lii'
covert-d rrfui=»d to W<rrk. CoWnel >lel< alf
glared him on Im-ad and water f<T two « p eek>i.
and he nwore vencanre acaln»t v »"-.th. He
: . ; - made no attack on Colonel Men-* lt. but
made t»>ls one m me."
In r*»jly to this I will ftate that I api-li'-d
for p**rag* h' nie oa the Tarter, but th* au
t!ioritli-» could not formally <»l>llre me, a» I
waa a civilian. Tliey knew, however, that I
hid Amu- X"'-' ftvire during 1h«« rnm|>alun
without pa'- that I had, ln fart. Fj-nt my on-u
mnrey on the wounded and nth**^ In dlMreF*— i
ar.-l i w.-ik siSvtMd ly llajot I>evault of the
Quartfrnrnftfr"* I>epaiitn<-nt to g-o home on the
Tartar.
I thru embarked, with thft convnt of Lieu
tenant Hull of the Twentieth K*ii«r*. Quartf-r
rnaater'a Injiartment. Imrlnr the voyajje hrnne
t freely made the <h»ra:e among offWr* and
men that FunM»n wn» r«turnina: with churoh
plunder. Thin, "f rnur»», arr.used hl« Ire. and
tw<-nty-two «lav» out from Mm.! i I «m or-
CW'l t.i work »Uh the Kildiern. I mdlrnintly
r>'fu*ed. n<T <11d two weeks on bread and water
breitk my resolution.
There is more to be said, but ttvre I* ttm«
enough. THOMAS FOX-
THREE CABLEGRAMS
FROM GENERAL OTIS
TTASHINOTON, Noy. JO.— Three caWe
<51rpatches were received at the War De
partment to-day from Ooneral Otis. They
•re ell dated |o-oa>, but received at dif
ferent Urnes. The first, received at 2:15
a. in . says:
UarArthur'i a6var.ee within fire mile* or
Pururian. t<> which point raJlroad Intact from
BaaaeaSß. miw^illih TarlaC l'-«sk. Tl;e north
cro five rnllra dertroyed. but -«..:« reoorerrd.
: rre ,;.•-. rolling «tn<-k dMtroyrd alone
.J'.ne. Pri^alily rlthrr Ijatrton's or Whratun's
raw ln I a«rut>a< No repert from those offi- |
cers ivi" 17th) 1 i:--u-il h< iir to-day. Ilo&ds tc—
eaaalt.r ; it .-: . .-ii ;■• for traniiportation, and '
trooj* movir.it from Fan Jo»<» to I^awton'n front.
l^rwihm—f, »ith thrre companies Twenty-fifth
• Infantry, by night march, surprl^J and cap
tured, without <a- 1 : ':—~, lnnuritent force at
O'Dcnm-U. »even mllea from railroad station
' Bamfcm cr Capas. One Insurgent killed. Furce
«<n«iFt«l of tour cirfir« m and 2<>o men. their
Xlfle*. li.irf*' roundii emmunltlon, trar>Fj«irtatlon,
fi ur tona subf irtrace. offlclai recnnls and con
r'.derable cluihtns; eecurrd. Infuifents »■ tuli
li!anlla Mißtartiat r^tlf*!". arntn ilrlvea back !
• from Inau»; rli men -iit-i.t'.y wouaj»d.
Th«» ffror.d dlcpatrh it»s to arralm In
the southern lrlamls and wan received at
S:M a, m. It follower
One of the onateadt&c ln«ar»eat fnctinrs at
Zamboansa frecur«4 the tlty nnd turned fame
c\tt to Captain Verj" of the fnltej State» V fs
ki'l ln harbor; Insurgent faction raa4e d»tnon
rtratlon acraltibt city, and Very calle,l on Jrlo
,'" for troopa. One company n-ut. Tho comsuni-
Ir* officer a*ked perm!e*lon to send three addi
tional, leavln* two there; two rnmtianles will
be dispatched from Joio. Hoih Jolo and 7.am
.••i/- be rrlnforced a» soon as traetl- j
," cable. It will require revcral in, it was not
• ' • Ir.trnded to take poaatwlon of Zflmhuansa i
until later; no rnnlelons made. I -:. : t » r j.urt
• Beptembrr ■eßßsepi Imism government, in
OCrttabao district. Southern Mindanao, behesd
•■ r6. Kew eorernmect formed, which calls la*
■ :" Utlted Btat«s troops. City Oottabao. Uuvuao.
auri«a . northeastern i>olat Mindanao, of Im
pDrtance: troops will t>e »«nt to these point*
when available. Hujhes m"rt«g in I'anay with
two culumns: Inmrsents have retreated from
■outlieaMcrn portion of i»!an<l.
The followins relates to movements far
ther north:
Mac Arthur's advance entered Dartipan to
«*»•• ascertained that Wbeaton's troopi had
FUNSTON AND METCALF ANSWER ACCUSERS
been there yeyter<lay ar.d were withdrawn IbM '
I evening. It is believed that many insurgent
! detachmenta are wPFt of railroad ln province
of Zainbales meditating concentration nnd fu
ture demonstrations. They will be looked after.
Ncthlnß yet received frum either Lawton or
; Wheel
The Navy Department also received a
report of the acquisition of Zamboanpa.
which differs in some respects from the '
j story of that event told In General Otis'
cnbkgram. The naval account is con-
I mined in the following cablegram from
Watson, dated Manila, to-day:
Commamli'r Very of the Castlne. with friend
| ly nuttven and More* combined, captured Zam-
I • i r :. i on the ICth Instant. No casualties.
' I-nndir.s: parties from I i»tlne and the Manila
■ bold town with Fort Mum commanding it.
j i«-nd!njr arrival of troops from Jolo. There In
j ronslderaUe forc-e of Insurgents at Mercedes,
I four miles awny.
The acquisition of Z.tmhnnnga nt this
time Is of gr«;it importance from a mili
tary point of view. It is the principal
city of Mindanao and dominates the en
tire southern hnlf of that island, which Is
second in importance to I^uron. It has a'
population of nearly 2l.<K«) i 'pie and is
well fortified, m that a small garrison
of troops could hold It Indefinitely
against native attacks. Tn addition. It Is
a naval r.tr.tion where the Spaniards used
to rendezvous their ship? in the southern
archipelago.
General Otis' dispatch intimates that
he Is somewhat i mbarrassed by the un
exp^ctfd i.< cesslty of providing a garri-
Fon Fpeedily for Zamboanga, It has been
suggested that that difficulty might be.
met by garrisoning Zamboanga with a
battalion of marine*, one of which Is un
derstood now to be available In this coun
; try and ready to sail at short notice for
I Manila.
DANGEROUS PURSUIT
OF AGUINALDO'S ARMY
MANILA. Nov. Only fragmentary
! reports reach Manila of the operations
I north, which, when the story Is known,
, will prove to have lorn th* most remark
able campaigning the Philippine war has
known. General Lawton"s division Is
ppread thinly over the territory beyond
San Jose, wh<>rc the telegraph ends. Con
*tal— Younß '*!«•<» rcsin3«nt# «f - B-Tairy
aro continuing their rapid sweep into the
new towns and infantry is being shoved
forwurd to hold the towns. The cavalry
takes in a country whot-e natural dlfllcoi
tles are Increased Indescribably by trop
i ical rains, making rivers of creeks and
swamps of fields. Wagon transportation
in Kuppoped to have baM practically aban
doned, the American troops living on cap
tured supplies and the little produce the
insurgent levies have left.
Major Samuel M. Swigert's squadron of
the Third Cavalry is reported to be en
gaging a greatly superior force at Pozor
rupeo. northeast of Dagupan. These
troops have fought three engagements
and are now holding their position, wait
ing for reinforcements. it is believed' at
headquarters that this force. Is covering:
the retreat of the insurgent leaders to the
liinguet Mountains; that the insurgents
; planned to retreat northeast, along the
Lriiyug road, which ik stocked with store
houses, three of which the Americana
! have had to draw upon en route, and that
only the Insurgent advance force had
paased 1-ayug before the American occu
pation, the main body of Agulnaldo's
nrmy being within our lines. The major
ity of thoee Insurgents may disorganize
«nd poee as amigos when the Americans
overtake them.
Among the scraps of news obtainable
1 are stories of the hardships the American
army is meeting with, it Is reported, for
TOE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1899.
Instance, that General Lawton narrowly
escaped drowning while fording a swift
river, when Lieutenant Luna and two
privates were lost. Captain Henry A.
Leonhausor, with a battalion of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, is on his way from
Dnmban to O'Donnell to take the Insur
gent cartridge filling works there.
A Filipino captain, who surrendered
With four men to Colonel Andrew S. Burt
of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, describe!
the factory and volunteered to guide the
expedition:
The Governor of Neuva Vlsaya has
determined, l;ke many other Filipinos in
the«« days, that the administration of his
province cannot change .too quickly, and
is coming M Manila to tell Major General
Otis of his loyalty and incidentally to re
quest that be be retained in office under
the new regime.
Admiral Watson has received an ad
ditional credible report that Lieutenant
J. C. Glim and live of the captured
sailors of the United States gunboat
Vorktown were at Tarlac November 10.
Lieutenant Gilmoie was living In a Fili
pino general's house.
The cruiser Baltimore started for Lln
gajren to-day, and Rear Admiral Watson
purposes to send another ship to Nati
guon. if the gunboat Helena, which is
overdue, has not arrived at Llnguayen.
Bailors of the gunboat Castine occupy
Zamboanga, on the southwest extremity
of the Island of Mindanao. The business
men. chiefly Chinese, requested Com
mander S. W. Very of the Castine to take
possession of the place and protect them
from the Insurgents. Commander Very
landed a naval force, and, although no
details have been received, it appears he
found thai he bad a large contract on
band, and telegraphed to Major General
Otis requesting the presence of troops.
Hut none were available except by with
drawing part of the fores from one of the
neighboring islands temporarily. The
original i lan was to have Brigadier Gen
oral Alfred i: Bates establish the ad
quarters of t»ie governorship Of the Mo
hatnmedan islands there when the new
regiments arrived. It will be carried out
later, when General Bates returns from
his trip to the southern islands. He has
been visiting the garrisons of Jolo, Slassi
and Boiigao.
The friendliness of the Moros for the
Americans is increasing under General
Bates' diplomatic administration. The
threatened feuds of the Datos Jakal
nina und Calois against the Sultan will
probably be averted through the pacifies
influence of the American officers.
Mindanao villagers have seized a smug
gling schooner bound from lloilo to Zam
l.oansu and supposed to be run by dis
charged Idlers. They murdered all the
crew.
General Bates is now on board the
Yurktwwn. bound on a month's trip to
iJalabec and Borneo, to observe the meth
ods followed by the Britisli in the govern
ment of the Mohammedans.
STORY OF DESTRUCTION
OF A BANDIT VILLAGE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The War De
partment lus made public a report of
Captain A. A. liyrne. Sixth Infantry, j
giving an uccount of the attack and de- j
struction of a bar.dlt village in the La !
Carlotta District, island of Negros. last
July. The account is a very inter-
chapter of the American occupation of
the Philippines. This band of marauders
was entrenched in the fastnesses of the
mountains. They were well organized and
armed. All precautions bad oe«.n mado
against attack. On ail sides which it was
supposed could be reached by truups the
camp was guarded by block houses. Cap
tain liyrne, with something over UK) men,
went out to destroy this bandit camp. He
was aware : .a 1 it was necessary' to sur
prise them, and this could only be accom
plished by approaching from the side
which seemed Impossible of ascent. This
march was difficult and the approach to
the camp was performed In the night. It
was reacned in the early morning and at
once attacked. The bandits largely out
numbered the Americans and were fight
ing from behind cover. For two hours
there was a very desperate engiigerrent
a.nd only the pluck and valor of the Amer
ican soldiers enabled them to secure the
victory. The number of bandits killed
largely exceeded the American force,
while there was no means of ascertaining
the number of wounded. Finally those
who could set away escaped; leaving all
tlnir property bind them. The village
was destroyed. a.s as the property that
could not l.c carried away. The men had
climbed a mountain side at night; they
fought without their breakfasts against
superl odds, and upon an almost un
known ground. In closing his report Cap
tain Byrne says:
"In looking for a reason for the appar
ent sure? 3B of this expedition too much
credit cannot be given to the officers and
men under my command, and every one
Of them acted as though he was person
ally responsible for the success of the
whole, affair."
Lieutenant Colonel Wynn, commanding
the Sixth Infantry, made the following In
dorsement of the report, which la con
curred in by Generals Smith. Hughes und
Otis:
"I consider It a remarkable perform
ance on his part and that of his command
in the way of endurance, perseverance
and cool courage under most frying cir
cumstances. For Captain Byrne 1 strongly
recommend, for distinguished gallantry
and rallying the men on the bridge, a
medal of honor; for Lieutenant Neßbitt,
a brevet of captain for coolness and cour
age displayed; and for Sergeant William
J. Chuck and Sergeant J. W. Swan, cer
tificates of meritorious service."
This report contains a graphic descrip
tion of a perilous undertaking most suc
cessfully executed, entitling those par
ticipating to all the honors herein recom
mended.
In recognition of his service Captain
Byrne was made lieutenant colonel of the
Fortieth Regiment. U. 8. V. <
WHAT WHEELER WOULD
HAVE CONGRESS DO
MANILA, Nov. 20.— General Wheeler
has d«dd-d not to return for Conf
He la writing a letter* to President BCo-
Klnley. with a re<i»est that It be lor
warded to the House of Representatives.
In the Moras of an interview with a
correspondent of the Associated Press he
"Congress, if it occupies the first day
of the session In parsing a resolution de
clarlnp In unmlhtakable terms that the
sovereignty of the United States is to be
islntalaoil In the Philippines, thus dis
pelling Aguinaldos delusion that the
anti-imperialists can assist him. will be
performing a sacred duty. Such a reso
lution would save the lives of many
American soldiers and of thousands of
deluded Filipinos; would avert famine,
suffering and desolation from these
islands and would render unner
the expenditure of hundreds of millions
of dollars."
AWAITS DEVELOPMENTS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. N,.v 2<> -The Secretary
of War spent over two hour? with th«-
President to-day discussing his annunl
report, on which repnrt will be ba*ed some
of the most Important sections of the
Prt-sUlenfs message to Congress. It l.«
understood that this section of tho message
will be held open aa long as p<»sf«lble,
awaiting developments in the Philippine*
which may change the status of the Mtua
tt":i ulmoHt any day. The other sections
of tho message are nearly completed, but
to finish the message before Congress
nif-f-ts will call for a larpe amount of hard
work. Owing to this fact it la probable
that the President will not be able to go
to Nashville to participate In the welcome
home of the TfinnriSßrfl Regiment. No
definite determination has been made,
however. If the trip Is undertaken it will
be made In the briefest practicable time.
There were a number of callers at the
White Bouse. Senator Platt joined the
President during the latter f morning
walk and called at tlio "White House with
him. Becretary Long called to pay hi*
s on his return from the West
With him was Senator Lodge, who h.-id
quitp a long vi«it with the President.
Por. ;i t,, r f'ullnm. Senator f'lark and Rep
:'ive Fowler «.f New Jersey and
I:- !i •s.ntatlve L..ud of California were
among the other callers.
SOLDIERS WHO HAVE
DIED IN PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. Nov. M.— General Otis
has cabled tli« foil >wlng death report to
tho War Department:
Acute dysentery. November 12. Jncob Tees'ler.
hospital corps; chronic diarrhoea. E. O. Cran
dall. Company A, Ninth Infantry; November
3. Marvin A. Coffer, civilian, late of Company
G, ElKhteenth Infantry; chronic dysentery. MJo>
veml.er 11. Charles Gu-nth'-r. Company B.
Thirty-fifth Infantry; November 13, Reginald
Hcrson. Company M. Thirty-sixth Infantry;
November It, Ignace RnmanovlKcl. aerxeant.
Company D. Third Infantry; ra-«tro-ent»r!t!s.
John f!r»y. musician. Company E. Sixteenth
Infantry; saashot wound, while resisting ar
rest. November 12. James Murphy. Company
A. Twenty-seventh Infantry; variola, Novem
ber 7, William E. Curry, Company K. Sixth
Infnr.try: accidental gunshot wound, Novem
ber 12. Norman Lewis. Company K. Fourteenth
Infantry: endocarditis, Thomas Roach. Com
pany '. Twenty-first Infantry; typhoid fever,
Ncverr.ber 13. James Clauer. Company C, Twen
ty-first Infantry; John Lenowe, Fourth In
fantry; mitral Insufficiency. November 11. John
William. Company C, Thirteenth Infantry; ap
pendicitis. November ?. James H. Hill. Com
pany C, Nineteenth Infantry; pulmonary tuber
culosis, November 15. Henry Nlnalre. Com
pany G. Twentieth Infantry; drowned acci
dentally in river at Oten, November I, John
K. Woodard. artificer. Company L. Eighteenth
Infantry.
FORTY-FIRST INFANTRY
STARTS FOR MANILA
NEW YORK. Nov. ML— With Hags flying
and soldiers cheering, and with the band
of the Forty-first Infantry on her deck
playing "The Girl I Left Behind Me." the
United States transport Logan steamed
i 1 iwn the bny to-day and out to see on
her way to the Philippines. The Govern
ment gave it* aid to the godspeed by
sending orders that tugs follow the trans
port down tho bay and care for the peo
ple who had come to see the soldiers off.
From the time the Logan left her anrh
orago In the upper bay at 3:15 p. m. until
she passed out of Sandy Hook and was
well on her way she was accompanied by
a flotilla of tugs. Some were Government
tugs and some had been privately char
tered, but all of them were loaded with
mothers, fathers, relatives and friends of
the departing soldiers. They cheered and
waved all the way down the bay, while
the strains of "Auld Lang Syne" and
"The Star Spangled-Hanner" came In an
swer from the regimental band of the
transport. Some of the soldiers' friends
were still on board when the vessel had
weighed anchor and started, but they
were taken 4ff by the tups before the
transport passed out of the Hook.
FILIPINOS PLAY
THE ROLE OFAMIGOS
MANILA, Nov. ML— Thirty Insurgents
under s major escaped rr mi Bayomhong
■ lay about ten minutes before the
Americans entered, others, it is said,
threw their Kirns into the river and now
play the role of amlgos. Many Spanish
prisoners •• ■ iped from the Kiiipinos are
at Bayomhong. among them the former
governors of the provinces of Tarlac and
Zambaies. There is also <mite a large
oolony or former Insurgent officers col
: at tliat Lioint. I ■■'•lulling I
id a- mterj ■ for the
'i'lno commission beaded b. leneral
!rin.j which Visited Manila In
Beptember. Ortiz has donned the amlK^
clothing and announces that he has
abandoned the insurrection.
The Spaniards say that the new In
surgent capital is Bengaet, and that the
American wi ;i t Camltln,
They report having s^«-n Lieutenant GU
more and his party in tin- north.
AMERICAN TROOPS
DRIVEN BACK TO IMUS
MAN I LA. Nov. 20.— There has been n
revival of Insurgent activity south of
.Manila, particularly In Cavito Province.
At In. a] the Flliplnoa fired a
smoothbore cannon, but this was suun
silenced by the American artillery.
In the oourse of the mornjng Major
Cowlee. with a battalion of the Fourth
Infantry and two guns scattered the
enemy from the districts around Imus
and in the direction of Peres das
Marinas. The Americans could not pur
sue the retreating insurgents because
their ammunition was exhausted. The
Filipinos were under the command 6f
General Mariano Trias.
Two columns, one from Imus and the
other from Bacoor, converged on ths
Zapote bridge, where they found a de
serted Filipino camp.
Two troops of the Fourth Cavalry, four
companies of the Fourth Infantry and
two guns of Captain Riley's battery pro
ceeded to Annaboo, south of Imus, and
came upon the enemy entrenched at that
point. Th'»y scattered the Filipinos, but
as the latt-r were subsequently reln
fofosd the Americans returned to Imus
under fire, seven of our men beln?
■rounded. The scouts found fifteen dead
insurgents at Annaboo.
Spies r»;>oit that the Insurgents aro
into c'avite Province from Ca>
laniho in Lacuna Province and the other
southern provinces. The Insurgents
have smoothbores and two modern can
non.
TO PROVIDE FOR
SPANISH PRISONERS
MAURI I>, N'.v 2-\— An official dispatch
from Manila nays that 800 Spanish pris
oners have been sent to the province of
Pahay and that the Americans have con
sented that a vessel with food and cloth
ing shall be «*•!•>• to them.
MOHE TROOPS AWAY.
Men for Four Transports Are
Marched Aboard at Fol
som Street.
Four transports left Folnom street
wharf yeaterttay afternoon laden with
troops for Manila The soldiers came
down t'trly in the day. but It was late
in the afternoon before they were all
aboard the .ps. Nine companies
of the Forty-fourth Infantry went aboard
Continued on Pug« Seven.
DAGUPAN OCCUPIED
BY AMERICAN TROOPS
General Otis Now Prepares to Devote
His Energy to the Death or Cap
ture of Aguinaldo.
O ♦ O iOOf O + O-fO KH OK> 40 -KHO 40K540 >(HO >OfO> O-^O^O +<H O
? MANILA, Nov. 21—10:40 a. m.— The o
$ gunboat Helena has arrived here with the $
2 officers and crew of the wrecked cruiser 5
♦ Charleston. All are well. ♦
wow o
#♦ O 40-4 (HO ♦ O+O*O> o^o ♦© ♦©♦© 404040 +040 40404 04040 ♦©♦•
CALL HEADQrARTKRS. WELLING- ,
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, No.
Ons Of the Important objectives of the
I campaign in the islatvl of Luzon
has been achieved by ih>- occupation >t
the city of I'HKiipan on the Utilf of Un
gayan and the consequent posinsslon of
the ra!lr>.id tonnectlng that pom"
Manila by the American troops. By t:
qulsltion of the railroad tieneral O:.
succeeded Ul driving a wedpe in b* I
the Insurgent forces and has Insured th«>
prompt transportation of reinforcements
and supplies, and Is now ready to d
all his energy to the death or cap!
Aguinaldo and the men with him. and.
ling to officials of the Wai I
ment. this ousht not to be a difficult nnt
ter, for they a«i«.-rt that Agutnaldo
at Bayombong, but is in the provtn
Zambeks, to the westward of the nil
road and bordering on the China Bea, en
deavoring to eoncentrats the detachments
driven into that territory for th.- purpose
of making another demonstration against
tl • American forces. General Otis has
shown, the War Department cffldal
his ability to handle the situation v.ith bJs
at force, but before December L
when the effects of the rainy season will
'have disappeared, he win have two-thirds
of bis reinforcements at Manila, which
he will >>o able to put into th.- Reid Th°.s..
retnforoemeats have not yet arrived, how
ever, and General Otis in s dispatch to
the department to-day shows that he is
mibarrassed for want of troops on ac
count of the premature occupation of
Zamboanga by the naval forces The War
Department officials say that the occupa
tion of Zamboanga indicates that thf-rf> is
no harmony of action between Admiral
Watson and General otis, otherwise Com
mander Very, commanding the </astin«<,
would not have taken the place, it ii
On the Other hand, naval cfflcinls point
to the fact thai General Otis says that
one of the contending insurgent factions
nt Zamboanga secured the city and turn»d
It over to Commander Very, and If It
v.. r* true that the Insurgents had taken
the place then Commander Very was jus
tifled In taking possession and pro-.
it from destruction. They doubt General
Otis 1 as--rtion v.>ry much, remembering
his dispatch concerning the capture of
Hollo, and assort that Admiral Watson z
statement is correct, that Commander
Very, with friendly natlvts and Moros
combined, captured /.amboanga. Now that
Eamboansja has been tnk^-n it Is proposed
to garrison 1- . and if necessary m.arlrv -s
will be s.->nt t> protect It until the arrival
of a military detachment. It is a city of
ttjM and dominates the entire southern
half of Minlanfto, and it was hsre that the
Spanish troops took station after with
drawing ftom Manila and Hollo pending
the arrival of transports which conveyed
them to Sj-aln.
MACARTHUR'S ADVANCE
FORCE ENTERS DAGUPAN
MANILA, Nov. 20.— General M.r-
Arthur s advsnoe force entered Dagupan
this afternoon. Th.- Americans found
that no insurgents had bren th«re for f.nir
days. The Thirty-third Infantry was
probably In Dagupan yesterday, leaving
last nipht. No Insurgents have be^n seen
anywhere near tho railroad. It is believed
that the Only arintd force of any size la
in the mountains of the province of Zam
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBMSISbW ■ BBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBBHRk S^rft-% * JP ' Af jfafb ' 2 ||X^Efeaß^^S2|Adß^^^H^^H^B^|H
ffl We want your opinion of a Howes hat — we |J
P want you to know what a good hat it is for the |S
H money, then you will be our regular customer >%:
■A and you will influence your friends to wear tg
ggg Here is our inducement : r|
H Buy a Hawes suited to you (for they ra
I come in all shapes and colors) and wear it for jjjVi
if quite a while — long enough to test it If then ||
i|| you say it is not worth the price — N
2j we will give you your choice — new one free or II
H . your money returned. What do you think of the Pt
■| Hants when it will bear such a guarantee? «£
1 (ss'■) wo ode co (HI) I
m y^mvy "718 MARKET S"T Xii2^ g
H Out-of-town orders filled — write us for ?> •
$1 - our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. &
swH bbbWw WT^miiT^3BßßaMisHßi^BMW*^W^TrTrW^^^ l^ B^ B i
BBBBk'll' J[g[^|j^WWgß^. lHillJ__ii Jj
• i **t BBBBBBsi 111 It 111 Lsßßßsi •* * ?fr **"
aliiiffVirffilßSßßM l I U s^^bbbbbbbbbl^bbsibbbbbbbsl £Sm
NEWS FROM
THE FRONT
bles. to the w»st. although there an
of Insurgi ting at San
Mique] de CamUang, west of Paniqui
.•• M&ngal Mangalaron), w '
• ;'■:.. r.ii Mac Arthur U
for the attH. k. hi.- fOTOSS t"'i:
; • Durban, province of Tar*
i. c, and Dagupan. The Twelfth Infantry,
• -.iiion '.f tii" Seventeenth Infantry
and two t ; , with. Gen
eral Mac Arthur below Dagupan.
J. S. OTIS TALKS OF
THE PHILIPPINE WAR
VINCKNNES, Ind.. Nov. 21,-J. 8. Otis
is In the city. Ha Is a bn
t Military (iovernor and
director of military operations In the
Philippines. When asked for his i ;
as to when the war in the Orient would
b<> brought to a close he I
"You in .-• • v . DM from r.-fr-rrlng to
the Philippines situation, or to th
eraTs work. The fact i-. one paper may
quote correctly and un. ih-r will change
the Interview rather Innocently or
for political en.:~. and that has
brought stern i m my br
ii otis. and tb.- v ar DeparUn
mum on the Philippines. We are
■ ■ ' Edit »r Harrison Gruy
Otis of the Los A rues.
"I believe that January or at least Feb
ruary i. MO, will tee the end of the
campaign. By that time Aguinaldo
will either be run to death or Into the
The light Is simply an Indian cam
paign. Gen« r.. ■ n and Ls
are tine commander*, and I am glad tU.tt
th^ discretionary orders, until now
held, to turn over th.r direction of the
Held operations and resultant responsibil
ity from the Manila headquarters t<
erals Lawton and Wheaton. Is now OOCB*
: This will relieve Brother 1
of a great burden and will certainly be
effective. 1 am glad to learn that •;
Kunston is to return to the battlefield.
He is simply another Custer in appear
ance and action and possesses strength
of youth and a vim that will carry ail be
fore It. General Wheeler Is a great
fighter, but is about 50 years old. He will
be allowed to chase the enemy later. Our
greatest disadvantage is that we have not
had enough troops over there to garrison
the towns as they are taken, which Is ab
solutely necessary since we are required
•'able appearing Filipinos
as £ffendlie». When the 26,<a)» troops on
the ocean reach the islands It will enable
us to garrison the towns captured and
the Insurrection will soon be a thing of
the past."
CO-OPERATION WITH
AGUINALDO ALLEGED
BTOCKTON, Xov. 20-Alva Udell,
claiming to be the confidential corre
spondent of the Filipino Government, has
given to the AssociHted Tres3 agent hfre
printed documents purporting to be the
correspondence between Aguinaldo and
United States consular officers at Hong
kong and Singapore and the United States
military commanders at Manila, showing
oration with Aguinaldo In the w ir
against Spain. Tdell exhibits credentials
from the Comlte Central Filipino at
Hongkong.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DOMBY
every pair stamped
"Ota Domby, Regent Street, i oodon."
We are sole aRf-nts for this cele-
brated Shoe, and buying them In larp»
quantities are enabled to sell them at
the popular price of $4 per pair. Th«>y
are a strictly first-class shoe, made <>f
the finest quality French kid. on th^
tr ra'r- TI
■bo*, ma
tirif«»t quality r i. in th*
new English last, with the latest style
coin toe, patent leather tip and hand-
sewed soles. Th* soles are medium
thick, hut soft and flexible as a turn
sole.
Th- are superior In style and quality
to the shoes sold elsewhere for J3.
OUR WINDOWS
DISPLAY TUB ST'IES
OF THE SEASON.
Snve Your Cash Checks ami Get
a Watch Free.
NOLAN BROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
812-814 Market Street.
WHO I
IS GOING TO MAKE !
YOUR NEXT SUIT?
|25^/ED
j / / ON ALL \ j
| TAILOR-MADE suits I
bv/jjSetting them made fay \
hi. Mwivi
■' r ■■■■ "" tailor .
i llin 1112 Market 1011 Washington
ntr**t, »•.. Oakland.
i 20 1-2113 Mon turner/ 113 South Spring
I it.. San Franclaco. at.. horn Angela*
FIT FOR A KING
when we have put the finishing touch
on your shirt, collar and cuff. Just
like new, without any variation In
color or finish, and no "saw edge" on
your collars and cuffs. Our new "saw-
edge" machine was the one thing we
needed to make our work perfect.
United States Laundry. Offloo
1OO4- Markot Streot.
Telephone South 42O.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
<T/*~~\ A II »rrou« />««!«♦— F.»ilin« JWia-
M.1 —aS orr. 8iMDl«MD«w. etc.. ca>i««-l by o*«ir.
•If """.."I work and lad item ions. '2h> u quiehly
X - /x\ anil Aurriif rtmtora Lout Vitality In old
|\ »V or loaac. »nd nt a man lor Mody. boat*
-M**£*L. km or pleaaara. Prevent Insaalty and
tV>n«nim Dtioa If tobn In Mm*. Th«tr
o57ho-.»«imm8di»U improreaiant an I effort* CUIUS
wk«r«allctharafi»4l. InaUt n[«aba*toathag«nala«
Ajax Tablets. Thojr ha*» cared thoatnad* mat will
ear* joa. We Kirn a po«iti»« written .r»at«w to «t-
f»ot • co in each cane or refund lD-> moan. rric*
KAnf* i*r P*ckaf7, or *lx pmImm Kail tr**t.
DV CIS . manil f or S3 SO by mall. In pUla wra^»«r.
open receipt ofprlr*. Clrsiilar»fr»«.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 70 c J T,, 8t -
For Ml* la 8. F. by L*lpnlta * Co.. No P«r-
c»Bta«» Drug Co.. Owl Druf Co.. 8. F.. Oakl'd.
m a a a « ■ » >■••■•• •>■■>»■»•»■»■**
1 Tran»centf-v»ntal tourtata and trm»- (|
I alar* from all over th* UaluU Bl*tae
ahow tbelr «pprecUUoa or la* m»l- |
leoca «X UM ,
PALACE ahd ;
GRAND
> fey m*Jdnt tT)«M botfls th«tr h«*.lq«ar-
4 tert while In Pan Frenotaeo. Foarta«a
1 bundrrd rooma. MO with b*tba— largeat
2 and r..".e«t in tb* world.
4 JOHN C. K UUCP A THICK. ITanaftr.
J » ■ t I T — ♦ ♦-» •••■•■»•••••»
. J^»»g^av ».-. » Pit •* n a BOQ-{<oi«r>piiaB
. . v^toi^^^lrl r-nv.lT for OoSorrbaeT
VSvT y ceUEs\rf "I 1 **. s'P'rnatorrhr*.
dggWIa 1 t»6«tr«. \l <*Bit<w. gtDltuI. li>>
JBaW Qsaraattxl Vj rhar(x«. or »ny lnfla~ira«»
fr*tj( act to firUtar*. tlon. Irritation or iii^rv
£■ - igfrtTtaw wattai— . t'oo of ciuoom n>ria>
trSlTHtEY*«SOHtlH''»tCfl. *> r »n<«- Noo-**UJn«»at.
VilLciNciNun.0 ■■I som ** i>mn<«K
wi\ it - » 1 ' *" jt l0 r'*t* wrapVk
J*GSt7S*l. ' It£/V\ l 7 »xprM« Prop.. I, f-«
'■cVaaaaaaa^Vv I
v fk^Si^jj^^^v d cJcaiar teat us t>Ortt,
BRg^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
|fl|fKl Ft»« hundred reward for any
"* * ** £ T} '■■" we cannot curt. Thla aecr«t
1 „ - u remedy atopa all lo«it» la M
13 PJBM hour*, cure* tralwi : '. Impo-
|7|pl TJlT; *»ncy. Varlcoc«l«. Oonorrfco**,
Ml IraV Gleet. Fits. Strictures. 1- <'-
'jj-rj <&j*:. I Manhood and all wastlnc eff^cti
of ■•lt-abuM or iic«mh. Sent
aealed. I) bottle*. I bottle*. IS. Ruaranteed to
cure any caae. Addreta HAM/!) MEDICAL I.V.
BT1TUTE. iU Oroadway. Oakland. Col. Ai»j
lev teJe at lOTSVi Market at.. S. F. All private
<lim**a quickly cured. Bead tor free book.
(1 ?PAT ENTS; 11
MARKET 5T. S f
W6BMy Call $1.00 Dur YearPORTRAIT OF DEWEY
HISSED IN WASHINGTON
Storm of Indignation Over the Ad
miral's Transfer of His Home
to His Wife.
CALL HCADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTKL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.-
N'ws that the transfer of the gift house
has br>en made has excited a degree of
Indignant f«tlir.g against Admiral Dewey
too utrong to pass unnoticed. When tne
report was jirst published that the Ad
miral intended to transfer to his bride the
residence pr.-sented to him or.ly a few
W<fks before there wete murmurs of d;s
e«r.t here, and considerable feelim; whs
manifested by persons who had contrib
uted to the fund.
Within the past few days letters have
been received by members of the Dewey
hoiuo. fund commute fr»m contributors
to the fund demanding the return <if con
tributions If the tranpfer took place. Many
X->ersons refused to believe the report,
maintaining the admiral could not. with
decency, give away a house presented to
him by the per pie of the United StaUa.
Fcveral reasons for the Intention credited
i" the admiral and now confirmed were
iidvar.eed and Kcr.erally uiscus>sed In
Washington, hut few p. rsr>ns could ur.
<Wptai:d why the trsr.Rfer should be made
to Mrs. Dewey. who has a considerable
fortune c.f her own and an income larger
than the admiral's salary.
With the announcement to-day of the
actual otliciyl transfer of th*» gift house
— —
Indignation ha* broken. To-night at a
blograjsh exhibition pictures of McKlnley.
Bryan. Sarapm and Sehlry were cheered,
wl.ile a likeness of Dewey was hissed.
' >nr> of tne contributors to the Dewey
home furti. * woman clerk in th«- Oov
rmtnent; *er.i a letter to the a.lmlral t<*il-
Ing him t-he hai through patnotlam
KJvon tid to thn lu\d :tr.»i now wanted it
l;..l:.
No reasons for the admiral's action are
obt:iinr.b!<' from him or his friends, but
the ict -online «>f tho de<-drs h** revived
the utory of an alleged romance in whi< ;i
the admiral w;is ;-.ii.i f> have particlpat<vl
when he ro.-1.1.-.i in Washington prior to
liis departure to assume coTntnand of the
OBJECTIONS TO
THE RED FLAG
M. Alicot Asks for an
ExpL nat on.
Ppe.-lal PiFratch tn The Call.
PARIS. Nov. CO.— ln the Chamber of
D puties to-day M. Altcot, .Republican.
Vr.-u^ht up the question ot ;he display or
r'vi flat;* yewerday in connection with the
ceremony of unveiling on the Place de la
N^ti-m thr statue fymbnllzins the tri
umph of th«* republic, t<y the President of
the republic. M. Loubet. at which the
Premier. M. Waldeck-Rousseau. and the
«.thcr members «<f the Cabinet were pres
ei.t. in addition to an immense crowd of
people.
M. Alicot said he wanted to know if the
Government had authorized the display
of flafjs referred to and remarked sarcas
tically that M. I^.ubet. with "adnilrable
lad had turned away when the red
fiarj appeared. The Premier replied that
the Government had not authorized the
carrying of any r«-d fluars in the proces
nion. -dcllnp that whatever discoraant
nu;cs mlKht have been struck yesterday,
they only served to emphasize the mui?
xiltfeeni acclamation which greeted the
r«;iubilc and its lirnt niHßistrat-. Con
tinuing, the Premier remarked:
## It Is useless to endeavor to excite pub
lic opinion by raisin* the red fl«B bogey,
os was done fifty years iifiu." This state
ment called forth loud cheers from the
Left-
M. Walrfeck-RnuFseau. by his remark,
alluded to what the Republicans declared
■was "manufactured r«*d revolution, which
led to the establishment of the Third Em-
The Premier thrn moved the order of
th<* day. which was adopted by a vote of
325» u» 231.
LADY SALISBURY DIES
AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
Was Believed to Be Improving in
Health and Her Demise Comes
Unexpectedly.
■
■
■ ■ ■
l this
■
Victims of a Hotel Fire.
r.M. i T
■
i .
• •■ • Th<--
ANATOMICAL LECTURE No. 2
1 ■ -■ : .f this
chart. It de-
rcrihet a dan-
gtruuff — confll-
tton. For ln-
ttance figures )
and ? point out
the rplnal cord.
■uhT-e all the
nerve« center.
Weak nerve
condition* very
ott»-n affect thin
delicate struct-
ure, and Paral-
yula or Apo-
p 1 c x y reeult.
Guard a^-alnat
It. HUDYAN
urcncthens th
serves, and
avert x such
danrer.
We come next
to fIR. 6. the
brain. Too
much or too lit-
tle blood In the
brail cau*rn
headach<-» and
(iizzinc-its. HI'D-
VAN regulate*
the. circulation
In the brain.
Kin 5 Is th«»
heart. This r-r-
run la aa deli-
cate an It In Im-
portant. Flut-
tering, palpita-
tion and pain
over heart call
for HUDYAN.
11 i: D 1 A M
cure*. Observe
n»;urea 4 and 2.
They dewcrlhe.
tvantlr.c lin.i.--.
* m a c I a t ion.
II V D 1 A n
overcome* ema-
ciation. X I v m
urcncih. cr^-
7 y
[7/
\2\
_ a x «• 11 muFclP.
I>. v m!v we have fiir. 1. the ankles. Swelling of
■ r.kles denote* nortou* <irc;inlc <JeranEement
One «hf>uld not delay a motiieut if thin symp-
tom rrenentm. HLIiYAN currrcta the trouhle.
an 4 iiermanenlly.
For all the above eon<l!tlnn«. al«n ralen<»f».
harvard lr>ok. w.-alcnrf«. ►lreple«ynen». you
warn HTIiVAN-no other remedy. m;i>VAN
1* a i ■ • !i\r cure.
lU*I»VAN— all drurclMK. tOe a paekasi or six
*,■■+< In.* . t for II 50.
If yi-ur <IruKrl"t doe» nit kerp ■VAN i-nd
dlrrrt to the HfPVAN RHMKIIY COMPANY
Comer Btr.cktna, BUta and Marl 1 Bu.. Kan
rtanrifcn. Cal.
CONPVLT THE HVDYAN DOCTOPS
auoi't vorn case ram-: <>r charge
CAM. OR WRITE
CBBND F<JR ENTIRE SERIES OF AN
TOM] • LECTURES-FHEE.)
Asiatic squadron, and a breach of
promise suit is vaguely hinted at. The
w-oman reported to be about to suo
Dowry is said to be Mrs. Z >ra Kent. :i
clerk In the New York City postofflce.
She was a clerk in the Hureau of Equip
ment here trhea Dewey was its chief and
was later transferred to the Brooklyn
Navy-yard. Mrs. Kent is described us a
vivacious blonde of a very fascinating
type.
NEW FORK, Nov. 23.— Mrs. Zora Kent
d<Mii«>s that she is to sue Admiral Dewey
for breach of premise, for good and suffi
cient reasons. She does not know him at
all, never having seen him. and under
those circumstances ho could not have
promised to marry her.
DEWEY TRANSFERS HIS
HOME TO HIS BRIDE
Residence Given to the Admiral by
the American People Changes
Owners.
rniral Dew
rred to iu<= wife
■ I . i| of Urn >■
. ■ enue and c intents,
Bift to him made bj
n and
■
I 1 .tv foi
' bj which
■ ■ icted through the
■
KILLS OfoE THIEF AND
WOUNDS ANOTHER
Janitor of a Chicago Flat Gives a
Warm Reception to a Pair of
Burglars.
berg, lanl
■
■
,f his
■
, bU
v- the
■
man In tl
■
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes, and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20. -A postof
fice was to-day established at Siaterrs
Shasta County, and F. M. Whitlow ap-
IKiinted postmastt-r. The postal service
between Tejon and Hakersfield will be
d.seor.tinued after November so. Lewis
J. Ruhl of Portland has been appointed
messenp-r in the li K hthouso service at
in ihi «iSm T £**? *PPolnted clerks
■M-Pm »" J -"'w ( c at Seattle.
Army orders: By direction of the As
•iKtanr Secretary of \\ ar . Recruit An
drew M. Jepsen of th«« casual detachment
Presidio. Han Francisco, and Private Thi
Odore R. Allison of the Sixth Artill^rv"
lionolulii. having enlist..! under'falS
ssss^a^s i> ° disch »^ without
rionor rrom th^ Berylce. Prlva**» James
Moorei now at Fort a P i ■ i ?£££!
fc-rred to the h..>pltal t . u Vps. He Will »>r>
wit to Anjfel Island. Cook Arthur M
.\. -UFljaum of the Sixth Cavalry, now at
the Presidio. San Francisco »fs"trans
ferrv. as l-Hvat.- to the Sixteenth InVan-
Linds c Sent to lhe p h»iPP»ie iL
nSSSJS F^K a .rWnal-Thoma.
LoS^e^r^a^M^i^
Jv \\ V 1V 1 . 1 ' 1 " 1 H. Lyttoi Fairvlew, Sfi.
Washiinrton-OrlKinal - Lewis Reichel
miLi 1 ?!; X , RiitU >™"on and additional
ly > nl\ '•""'"K* 0 " Mead). Hart].-.,,.. « to
*H . ri £. lnal widows, etc.— Ann E Ml
tha.ls. Tacorna. Jl2. Reissue-Mary A
Penninpton. Hartland. $12
POLICE DEMANDS HELD UP.
Los Angeles Trouble Referred to At
torney General Ford.
LOS ANGKLES. Nov. 20.-The Council
to-day refused to pass on requisitions or
demands for maintHinins: the Police De
partment of the city approved by the
Hoard ofjppllee Commissioners, which it '
declared out of office. Members of the
Council declared that they intend to hold
i% courts decide
lli, quo warranto proceedings to d< it
m n«- who are I'olire Commissioners of the
V>m , IJo1 J os f A "^ I's1 ' s will be. according to
Robert A. Un«. tiled on Thursday. Mr
Kinp arrive.! home rom the north vested
day arid states that Attorney (jeneral
L ord J' s , t f, md x ? llls • ment of the po
licemuddle v it exist! hero and promised
hL "i* 1 " V lhln . thP ttn da . va lle allows
himself under the rulf-s of his oflice in
such matters whether the members of the
new police board have a legal rl K ht to use
the name of the State for their proposed
legal proceedings or not.
. Attorney General Ford has notified E
A. Meserve of Ling's desire to bring pro
ceeding apalnst the present board in the
name of the State and has asked Meserve
to submit a contrary brief if ho desires to
do so. Meserve said to-day that until he
had consulted with the attorneys v.ho are
associated with him he did not know
what hia procedure would be.
♦
GREETING TO MILES.
Arizona Pioneers Welcome the Old
Indian Fighter.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Nov. X When General
arrived n.-r mi train lo*day
•• ■ ■ ■ •
to welcome him. Ran< hmen and miners
In from the mountains and i
brought
risona by tb< conquest of the Apache
Indlani thin, en \ •
■ by Coloi •
•
from th«- platform ol the <nr. The
v\ ..-!.'• • ed to the
' :zi'l:a Ploi , v , .- t
■ .
■
nn rata t i 1 1 .
ng the city was Illuminated and a
publii a piv<-n htm :u the Elks'
leaves to-morrow morning for
New « Orleans, tt> ■
Washington.
Suisser's Sentence Postponed.
SALINAS. Nov. 20.-O.eorK<» - usaer, the
murderer of Sheriff Henry H. Farley, ap
peared In the Superior Court this morning
for sentence. The courtroom was crowd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUKSDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
EMPEROR OF THE GERMANS
GREETED ON BRITISH SOIL
Imperial Party Accorded a Vociferous Recep
tion by the Populace From Portsmouth
to Windsor.
Imperial Yacht Hohenzollern and Her Escort of Honor Entering
the Harbor of Portsmouth.
PORTSMOUTH EnR.. Nov. The
German imperial yacht HohenzuU
lern entered the harbor at 10:15 a.
m. to-day, and was welcomed with
salutes ft. .in the puns of warships j
and the forts. The Emperor and i
Empress and their two sons landed at
10:3u o'clock and were welcomed by the
Duke of (.'onnaußht. who wore the uni
form of the German Hussar regiment of
which he ■ honorary colonel, and by "a
rious court dignitaries.
it w.i- ■ typical November morning,
chilly and foggy, I illern
loomed Into • • ■ ■ jr the G* r
man batt kill and
• ■ eight Hritish : it <i<^
>rs, which met the German
E
■ w the British
naval flag at her forema
• her mizzi-n and th< Imperial stand
ard at her mair : ■ed 'he
i the British admirals flagship at«d
t-i|rht other warships thundered th»
salute, which was returned by the Kaiser
Frederick ill. A detachment of isoo nol
dlers ai I eamen, farming a guard "f
• Irawn up on tin- Jetty and pn -
Rented .'in- lie HohensoUern was
le, with the Imperial party
Ihe ya' ht'i i i
Emperor William wore the uniform of a
British admiral, and the two young
Imple sailor l><>y suits.
Th» Dnke of Connaught. accompanied
by Admiral Seymour. General Sir Raker
Russell, a number of gorgeously attired
court functionaries and the members of
the German embassy, boarded the Ilohen
zollern and were received with a royal
salute.
Warm nestings were exchanged with
mperor and his tons. After the Em
peror h:-.<l held I ' ;rt the Enipp ss
Ipated In the >;r.-. t
• • rated the gayest and
animated appearance, and accotn
ted a lnrtr.' number of privil^rerl
as and Gterman and Brit
ish tiaKs were displayed everywhere.
COLOMBIAN REVOLUTIONISTS
SLAUGHTERED AT BUCARANANGA
Over a Thousand of the Rebels Reported
Killed and Double the Number Injured
in a Terrific Two Days' Battle.
PANAMA. Colombia, Nov. 20— Official advices from Bogota, dated November l^. report that a terrible battle between
'' v<:l - ' and revolutionists was fought near Bucaranangm, capital of the Department of Santander. In
which the Government forces wire victorious. It Is stated that the battle, lasted two days, ending at noon of
November 16.
More than UN rebels were killed and 2000 wounded. About lO.noo men on both sides were engaged in the fight
White and General Juan Francisco Gomes, prominent leaders of the revolutionists, were wounded, and it is re
ported that General Pablo Bmltto Vilar was killed. On the Government side General Pmena Soiano rnhmizar and General
n. n. .m.i. z were wounded. The regimects commanded by Generals Hoiquin and Lajaa are reported to have, occupied Boca*
rananga <<n November i y . The place had been held by revolutionists since the civil war . .f a month ago.
The ftfanavta, an Bnsliah steamer, arrived here yesterday with 800 recruits from Buena Ventura, About 400 more recruits
;ir '- «P«Cted SOOh, an-1 on their arrival all will proceed to the Atlantic coast, the movement l>. Kinning next month. No news
• been received fn.m Tumace.
cd. When Judge Horn entered the court
r"..m Sin--, i heaved i deep Blgh. Defend
attonu > moved foi [] and
asked the Judge for a postponement of
one week, which after argument and de
■
WILL BECOME A NURSE.
Miss Florence Niles Offers Her Serv-
ices to the Woman's Hospital.
PACIFIC QROVB, Nov. :.•". -Idas Flor
ence Nii«s of this city, granddaughter of
Mrs. Charles Brown, a wealthy resident
toaisbed her Mends
i>v riving up her life of > ■.»>■ and pl<
In the r:mks of nurses In the
in'i Hospital in San Francisco. Miss
lias Kr»;it natural aj>tituii.- for all
thing* pertaining to nut>hiK and sur
and baa long wanted to follow
the noble calling the has jusi - I
upon. It Ii Bald by li.-r fri.-ruN thai sh^
iiiK-ti<!s devoting Uio remainder of her life
t>i hospital work.
Made a Poor Showing.
WOODLAND. Nov. 2rt.-M.mbor«< of now
Company F completed the series of Stoto
shoots Sunday. None of them made scores
that woul.l entitle them to participate in
the final shoot for the State medals
were b< Ing
the bands (■:. <> ed t;, rman and Brit
ish aii B after the dispatch of the
train with th- I •! servants the
:■ ••ii special tl ' drawn up, and
about • ■ : the imperial party and
others landed and w< red by the
!.;<va! and military officials. The Empress
Ipleni of a handsome bouquet.
:\it authorities v.-r. presented to
•■■ 1 a later Inspected the
- and sailors forming the guard of
honor.
• r playing the national anthem, the
marim truck up "Oh, WlUle. We
Have Missed v. . " This seemed to pl<
thi Emperor greatl) 11<- shook hands
with Colonel Miller, who was in charge
of the band.
and the Duke of Con
1 took the train for Winds-. r at
11:30 amid salutes from the warships.
bands playing national anthems and
cheers from the crowds thronging every
point of vai
The Imperial suite Includes Count yon
Eulenberg, Count yon P,ulow. General
yon Plessen, Admiral yon Sendenbibran.
General yon Schell. Colonel Pritzduitz.
Colonel yon Rasch, Count yon Platen.
Lord Churchill. lord-In-waitlng to the
and the Dowager I,a<ly Churchill.
WINDSOR, Nov 20.— The Emperor and
Bmpn many and their party ar
rived here ;it I'M p. m They were re
ceived by the Prince of Wales and the
Duke of Cambridge, and the I Hike of
York, all wearing German uniform-!.
There was tremendous cheering In the
streets as the imperial party drove to the
castle, where they were received by
Queen Victoria at 2 p. m.
The waiting room and the platform at
the station were lavishly decorated with
Bowers. When the Empress alighted the
daughter Of the Mayor of Windsor pre
sented her with a bouquet of roses
am! orchids, tied with the Windsor colors.
The town was filled with excursionists
and decorated With Bags. <>n the town hall
the British and German standards and the
stars and stripes Boated ship by side.
SUICIDE WAS NOT
AARON WOLFSOHN
Insurance Company Instructs Its
Agent to Stop Payment on
the Check.
I,OS ANGBLBB, Nov. 2n.-Six months
! ngo a strangrr committed suldde in this !
city. While the body was at the Morgue j
it was Identified as that of Aar<m YYuif
sntm of St. Louis. Th<- parents of the I
young man w. r«- communicated with, and !
replied thai the body might bo buried In]
tin potter's f.<i(i.
Just at this time the local agent of the j
N«w York Ufe Insurance Company an- ■
nounced thai Aaron Wolfaohn had taken
out a $10,000 life insurance policy some
time before his death. He Identified the
body.
About ■ week ago the local agent re
ceived a check for $10,000 from Now York
and handed it over to Public A.lmlnin
trator Kcllopg in payment of the face
value aijil demand of Woifsohns lnsur
ance policy. The check was caabed and
it had been expected that after paying all
expenses of administration then" would
remain in the estate about $8000 The St I
The windows and stands along the route
b were 1 rowded.
Emperor, replying to the Mayor's
welcome, said:
"I thank you very much for your kind
attention. I must tell you that it gives
me very great pleasure to be here once
more."
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of
York wore the uniform of the German
Kiist Queen's Dragoons. The Prince of
kissed the Kmperor on both cheeks
and the Emperor embraced him. while
the other royal visitors stooti on the piat-
I'orm chatting. The Prince of Wales w
visibly gratified by th«> reception accorded
to the party and by the salute in response
to the cheers.
The travelers entered the waiting room,
whence they emerged a low minutes later.
and as a royal salute was fired entered
the carriages in waiting.
The Empress of Germany, Princess
Henry of Hattenherg and Princess «'hrls
tlan of Sehleswlg-HoNu-in and the Duch
ess of Albany were In the first carriage.
The Emperor followed In a carriage con
taining, besides himself, the Prince of
. the Duke of York and the Duke of
< 'onnaught.
The crowds cheered enthusiastically.
Amid more firing of cannon and the
strains «>f the national anthem the Im
perial party was driven to the castle.
Queon Victoria received the imperial
travelers graciously, and after a few min
utes of affectionate salutation the Em
peror. the Prince Of Wales, the Duke of
• 'onnaught and the Duke of York re-en
tered the castle Quadrangle and Inspected
the guard. The Emperor then went to the
apartments prepared for him and for the
Empress.
In the course of the afternoon the Km
peror went for a Stroll in Windsor Park.
Inspected the Queen's prize cattle and
visited the armory. There was a family
dinner party at the castle this evening.
To-morrow an elaborate banquet will be
given in St. George's Hall United State?
Embassador Cboate will be among the
guests.
Ixmis family pot word of the matter and
put in a claim.
Yesterday the local agent of the insur
ance company received s telegram from
New STors Instructing him to stop pay
m.-nt on the check for $li;.iioO. It was an
nounce that the company had gained
knowledge of Aaron Wolfaohn. the policy
bolder, and that he is alive. This leaves
the identity of the suicide still a mys
tery.
Walked Into a Ditch.
ETNA. NOV. H,— Daniel Kay. one of the
oldest residents of Btekiyou county, was
drowned in the town water ditch Friday
ni*Kht. Kay had heen in town looking af
t.i some business matters and at about
11 o'clock started to walk home. The night
ark and stormy, and as Kay was
v. r> CM ar-Sighted It Is supposed h»- missed
his way and walked into the ditch. A
Coroners jury rendered a verdict of ac
cidental death.
Good Price for Cattle.
CHK'AGO. Nov. 20.— Three-year-nld
Shorthorn cattle sold for $6 75 at the
stockyards to-day. This is the highest
pric«' paid for Texas cattla nlnc^
Western range cattle brought $3 70 to-day,
the highest price since ISS4.
PROSPERITY THE FOE
OF THE DEMOCRACY
National Committeemen Admit Pres
ent Conditions Are Likely to Bring
About Their Defeat.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20— The Democratic
national executive committee, with Na
tional Chairman J. K. Jonas In the chair.
spent moat of to-day In a room in the
Sherman House, discussing matters per
taining to organization, ways and means
and administration affairs of the
mlttee. The committee will meet again
to-morrow, and. It is expected, will not
get throuyh with the business M hand
before night.
Nothing was said about a meeting of
the national committee, but It Is the
opinion of most of the national commit
teemen that the full committee win t*>
called to meet in Washington on Feb
ruary 22, and that the National Demo
cratic Convention will be held the latter
part of May or the first of June. Mr.
Jones would say nothing about calling
the commr I
Th« committeemen were very uncom
municative as to what was done at the
meeting. Secretary Charles A. Walsh said
the committee had transacted no busi
ness of interest or importance and h.id
only considered administrative affairs.
After the meeting had adjourned, how
ever, some of the ct>mmltteemen con
tinued the discussion of the probable
Fttuattrm npxt TPar. Tbey disclosed the
fact thai a considerable part ot Urn foni
mittee's sitting hail been devoted to dis
cussing th«- probabl" effect of high ,
on Ihe campaign of iy>>. It was saitl that
several members of the comml
■ nion that if present prices of man
ufactured products are maintained next
year, with plenty Of Work in sight, ttu-
Democrats will "have ■ hard row to
hoe" unless they .at. show tanners and
worklngmen they are not gett;- |
equivalent Increase for their farm pro
ducts and labor.
It is the purpose of som>- of the com
mltteemen to organize a bureau of lnfor
tnatton and ud^ duty it. «hn;i
gather a* I definite infor
mation relating to trust*, cost of n
factoring. s^Uihk prices to jobber
middlemen, ~e"::it; prices to consumers,
paid and I raw material
They believe that they will be able tO
show that the prciswiiii high ,
the result Of trusts and combinations and
that workingmen have neon given but ;i
small proportion of the Increase in
values.
This idea has assumed such tangible
form that it is predicted W M
Harvey will be placed at the head of Urn
bureau. None of the committeemen
would admit this matter hau
cussed. It Is proposed to engage a large
staff of men to gather information which
can be use.l in an anti-trust campaign.
There lid not seem to be any >!.
tion to «hHve fret- silver as an las*»
the committee men said fre»' coinage was
in the platform to stay, but DOM Oi
said it WOUIC be the dominant issue.
Congressman William Sulzrr of New
York appeared i committee. He
NEW LINE TO HOLLYWOOD.
Franchise Granted by the Los An-
geles Board of Supervisors.
I,r>S ANGELES. Nov. Ji.-An important
railway transaction went through this
afternoon at a meeting of the Board of
Supervisors. An ordinance granting a
special privilege to build and maintain
for .1 period of twenty-three months an
electric road along the Cahuenga f0.,t.
hllU wus Introduced.
Phil 1 J. Beverldge, ex-Governor of Illi
nois, appeared a« petitioner with a com
mittee of Hollywood property owners. It
i understood, however, tha-t the Los
AniiH'*les and Pacific Hallway t'ompany
Is in reality behind the proposition and
the new line is to be a branch of the
Santa Monica road.
The route of the new road Is from
Santa Monica aver.ue and Avery street
along various streets of the city and
thence on private property to Hoi:-.
and a connection with the Los Angeles
and Pacific. Work is to commence in ten
days.
Barracks to Be Repaired.
PRESCOTT. Ariz N \ A private
telegram received to-day from President
F If, Murphy of th<» Santa Fe. I'r
and Phoenix Kailroad. who is in the Kast.
states that the Secretary of War has
given order t«. have Whippk Barracks
rehabilitated and put in got id order at
once for use as a military p..st Orders
for its re-establishment were Issued by
Secretary Alger, but the recent troutii^
with the Navajo Indians has lmj>r
the department with the importai
speedy action in the matter. The news
will be welcomed by the people of the
Territory.
Increase of Chile's Army.
Speclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, ISD9, by James Gordon
n^nnett.
VALPARAISO. Nov. 20.— Under a pro
ject prepared by the War Committee of
th»» Chamber of Deputies it is proposed to
call out 16.000 men each year to serve In
the national army. It Is intended also to
have the army and navy operate together
In combined maneuvers.
Supreme Court Adjourns.
WASHINGTON, Nov. l^O.-The Su r rr m ,
Court to-day adjourned for th.- usual
rhank.'Rlvlng .-.cess of two w
\VI We said the other day that freight was high, la- V/i
111 bor was costing more, everything was tending to Ufk
Jl make the prices of cloth higher. Then we saiJ That 1 %
■ I we put the sam? qualities into these suits and over- IV
mfl coats as we always did. A
M Yes, this is the absolute case. It makes our profits 11)
g| smaller to be sure, but by giving such values think I
m ot he creat number of profits we are coins to get \fe
Wl and the popularity we will achieve. And tailors to VV^
fk succeed must be popular. We are popular with the S®
I class ot people who want to save. £k l
I g We give samples free to any one M i
!ot the great number of profits we are going to get \W
and the popularity we will achieve. And tailors to VOl
succeed must be popular. We are popular with the CT
1 class of people who want to save. A\
We give samples free to any one.
A Our policy : Your moneys worth or your money M
|L returned ; a year's repairing free. ' JM
.1 S. N. WOOD & CO. I
|||3 TlBT 18 Market Street and oji'
K& Cor. Powell and Lddy.
Mid trusts would be the Issue In the
next campaign. James K. Minturn ot
jsew Jerssv told the committee practical
ly the .-.(.n0 thing. Senator Pettlgrew of
South , Dakota and Charles A Town* ot
Duluth. both of them Silver Republic ins.
told th" committee thai free silver was
still a live Issue Ii their States
The members of the executive commit
tee who wt-re in attendance to-day were:
senator of Arkansas, chairman;
• harles A. Walsh, lowa, secretary J O
Johnson. Kansas; H. B. Clayton' .Ma
5? ma . : .. Yhoma * Oahan. Illinois; J. O.
Shanklln. Indiana; D. J. Campau. Mtchl
gnn; \\ . H. Thorn Nebraska; T. D.
O'Brien. Mir.r.eaota. and Norman K. Mark
of Buffalo, who held the proxy of Georg*
Fred Williams of Massachusetts. V'c©
Chairman V.'. J. Stone of Missouri Was
the conspicuous absentee. I<• -• nt a tele.
gram which said he wu.- sick and would
not be rtble to come to Chicago. Am..r.<
the prominent "outsiders" who called on
the committee were; I^. A. Rosslng. chair
man of the Minnesota State committee-
B. D. Shlveley of South Bend. Ind.; Ton
gressman W. D. Davis of New York. Al
len W. Mark of Indiana and Dr. K. J.
Vanvorhls of Indianapolis.
Ex-Governor John I*. 'geld called on
Mr. Jones during the day and met with a
warm reception. Mayor Harrison did not
call on .Senator Jones. Congressman Sul
zer of New York called on Mayor riarri-
BOn to solicit his Influence tnnnrrl poffmir
the Democratic Congressmen from Illinois
to vote for him for the leadership of ihe>
minority of the House. James Minturn
asked the committee to help the Bryan
Democrats of his State. He said the New
Jersey Democratic committee, did not havn
confidence In the Chicago platform an<l
some of the members had voted the Re
publican ticket. He wanted W. J. Bryan
to visit New Jersey and help straighten
things out.
There was a strong feeling among the
comrnltteemen present In favor of holi
'" the national convention earlier In the
year than has been the custom. A num
ber of the committee expressed them
selves as being In favor of holding 'no
convention In April or stay, preferably
the latter month. — A strong rfetegattnn
was present from Milwaukee to press tho
claims "I that city. No delegation w~«
present from any other city. It was not
within the province of the executive com
mittee to tak« action regarding the con
vention, but It was freely admlttel that
the offers of all expense* paid and a
bonus of Jso.«¥> to the. campaign fund,
which had been made by Kansas C|jy
and Milwaukee, were conducive to very
favorable consideration of both cities.
Congressman Sulzer of New York man
aged to put some strong prop* under his
ambition to be the mlnorr leader of th«
Houjo In the next session of Con*res«
He received promises of aid from Illinois
and other Western States, and a number
of Southern votes were promised him
When he left to-night fnr New York he
claimed sixty-three rotes, fifteen shr.rt
of the number necessary to give him trie)
place.
It was announced at the ronfhrMon of
the meeting that a gathering of Fre«
Sliver Republicans would be held In Chi
cago on or about November 77.
INDICTED FOR
FIVE MURDERS
True Bills Against Mrs.
Bamberger.
Special Dispatch lo Th« fall. '
ST. LOUH N . ■ Thi «;rand Jury
returned true bllla againtt Mrs.
Henrietta Hamb.-rg-r. tho midwife who
was arrested hurt week, as foi:
"Murder in the first defnre— An un
named Infant In May. ISM. Indictment on
three counts, Covering death by drowning,
burning and death in an unknown way.
"Manslaughter in the first degree— Mary
Holtcamp, died February 13. ISM Ida
Zlmmermann. died March 3. 150»>; Lyda
Bressent. died September 10. 1W; Wtl
helmlna Sporr. died July 11. IKW."
All are supposed to have died as the re
sult of operations and poison. Circuit At
torney Kdgar said to-day ho had received
Information charging Mrs. Bamberger
with responsibility for the death of a
young woman who** case Is not Included
in this list. He declared that he was also
in possession of information about other
missing persons, which he will Investi
gate.
Mrs. Bambergar declares that th«
nurse* have- combined against her and
that their testimony is all false.
Charity Ball Tabooed.
KANSAS CITY. Nov 10 The < .1
church, through tho Ulght Rev. J. J.
Glennon. coadjutor Bishop '>f the dior**«
of Kiin.-«< «.'itv. has «<»>t its -•
approval on th*» >■> \ which it
was propow • h"lil in ■ H.tii
on Thanksgiving evening for th»> benefit
of the Orphan Boys' Home,
institution, anil this event, frum wht< h
• .\ • ! fully $4<">i would b«*
realized, has been abanil'ir.
preparations had been made for th*
event and many ti<-k»-M had Men sold
34
} 11/ost
FAVORITES
MUD-LOCKED
AT OAKLAND
Backers of Outsiders Have a
Grea: Day — Jerid Scores
at 40 to I.
ITXSINO by the at
tendance reopT.ln*
tfay *t Oakland. th«;
traxk ever the bty
mutt have - f.ror.g
hold on the afTec-
Uons of th« TtLr*
goir.K public The
cat* Itself was not
ibov mediocrity.
but according to the
tt;rr.n:i*-« the largfcst
w«»ek-<Uy croud cf
the e»ason «ai pres
ent. In en« Beose th»
•pert wa« flUappoJntlr^. ?or Jw^"**
« f .x-r.rr.^y h**vy. and v«ry few of
The "a* ay badly" itmrtera cvt much or
a Sw «« *• ™rJr. K . Thirty book
rr.ax'r. h^ til they COUM attend "
&s aU f.x favonte* w«r« completely
■b0w.,3 Jn the rla« cleaned x* »evtral
Q--'.te the rr.c*t Eun-rl«sr.c »^.n «--r tns
<lay «-a> that of JerM. which raptured th»
f.fth fvtnt at odd« ot « to 1 Own'r
••Curly ' ShicMa 614 r.ot th!nk »«41 enouga
oi the felOins to lay a ibet down and
m.w h!m *in in i canw-r frcm Mamie G.
Tbe *tart was not a sowi or.c and nt.tner
No%la ncr Mike Iticc first -and •eoood
• .-.'.•■*•■;■ ever cut much ol &
tKrt.
' Archer ei*a>:rou» innlr.R for ' i". '•:..■
was the fourth, wherein Topmast, the
lo*rf«"(J-<l'jwri tiret choice. b»-*»in« found
tred In :t.» muddy jotcc and wan un
i>iaced. atrar.ge to rtlitte the crowd
n*:r.«yl to bav«s soured on old batsJ^a,
for th»re wm a world of 2 to 1 <j! :^ r , f "d
«.br»ut hlra. Eddl* Jon«s r^^ the UiM
iao-d hor»»! and as tfc« ?U-!d «:rit«;rc-d the
Btr«tch took the lead. At the la«t the
Hrht-welghted 111 li»tro mad«j a strong
bid. lusiriK '-ut by lean than a length.
Lordal, th»! second choice, led LAvau»r
nut for ik-jv honor*.
Sixteen Rtart*^ In the opening icramtle
for iwo->>ar- oM rnaJdfrib. with Gravila,
the mount <.f liurr.b. r-;;:.it favorite. Bar-
toon ait»'rVh» *ts_jt, tlni'^ly roraplriic i^ct
the KtuiiJ, :iv* i'-n(jlhs a-head of Rrd
«t.«.rry. Tb' v. .n;i«r *».* 3 to 1 In the
betting. Gravity ran third.
Dr. Itoß'fcir* Cripple H> burls, seemed to
take to Jh.i soggy f..<-Un«. downing hi*
company In the number following very
cleverly. He v:as *c^>nd choice in the
rir.g ajj«J at 1h« wir* dofuitt-d Rlckrdo a
Icaffth. iiarl Islington, favorite ir. rhe
betliss. jrav.; It u;» badly In the strctrh.
Frcrfi from his d>.-fc»t at Tanfcran.
Casd&le turm-'J a fllp-fl-jp. placing ti^e
next purse t'» the crtuit cf William Mur
ry. Six to onr: In the book* at post time
The brown ceJdir.jr ran over his field in
trie ftretca, winning easily from Los
::• : mom. Humility. th«- V.rsX choice. d!s-
X>lay«iJ dlstresa bi«r.al° In th<s stretch. b«
:nc unplar«wl m\ the xvir*.
!r. ih« ftr.jU E«vcn-furlone run Dr. Row
lAV* colon w».r«! again borne to the front.
this :itve ty Whitoonib. The chestnut
was* i t<» 1 chanc*: :ind led from the
etart. Ilortun nr.lshed second, two lengths
■way. Moßtanut. the favorite, ran
fourth. li«hlnd Ooda.
Fr*d O*ok. who b'xAf-d here last p*a
mji. with cor.xld^taUe !"ucce«s, cut In yen
ten! ay.
Jockey Vitfatot Is • late arrival and will
t* s.^n In th<: %u.<i<ll« soon.
"l^/ng»h'>f Contey was warmly re
ceived as he j,a.««e<l the ftand on the
Lac* of Tenrtta ar. th«.- sixth event. It
wsi his first mount h«;r*-. but he failed
to Und the gel.ilng ir.sid- the money.
The y«:arlir.rs from Chaxlej* Kerr'» An
trim stock farm will be sold at the Occi
dental Horse Exch&ufe next Mondey
A' pr-e« n» EdOle Jones Is rtdlng In jrr«at
form YeMerday h>: wa* flrtt on all three
«-f Dr. KowelTs horseti-Sybaris. Rathums,
and V.'hltcomti. Bulln-tan also appears t«» '
hf falJlr.g into Kin Kastern form, us hi»
vl<tor>» on FUirtian and Cj»sd&le would
indicate.
A two weeks' rest worked wonders with
in. Ro»-«:j a horses. Those he started
yesterday mere all "oil from The can."
To-Day's Entries
F.r*t rmc« — Sis ration**; t«u-i««r-o>dii: Mil-
Ir.f:
... £t.»| Mwaotxk.lsl I» ItarbH C JCI
21T JJinJiixi.j* ICI <XX>lu.n\*\ . ■ -
ZX C:i» lil tZZDIJ^uy , . no
>.f r. .■ y '.. y-4 JI» J-V'Vj ;-j
■
F«--n<i r*r—Gtx furloB»;ir: four-j--tr-t/ia« »m
:,: DMfaot W ... roloiwl Hoot I'l
...Ton. ....1W . TimMr.ak"r.::::i4
a li-rthm Me l 5 SI Vuhun ....I'}
...X»pMß»i lUkl ... Art«aib U isj
Sa&nr Ml! 10* ... Tempo l 5
u\ if»b»iie jcr tw wu«r net.. ::i5
= 41 *>***> »j2L
Thlrtl r»re— Futurity roun»; »!l %gt»: purs*
;•• Oer.4-»r»n in; tClH^Jiie «ootf*nij..U7
ai Kilvrr M»ld V4\ Xt <\mi.u« ...... i«
tUCiKln* Carol vaJ...m Hi fi.iv.r State. n !
Ff^rUi rsrr-n>e furi'jt.it»; tmo-year- c!fl»
|2I Summ.i 11l Hi Slwquoc lil&j
jio Fiiv»r tui. '.'.'.'.'.. uo m tiin*^?. 4 ..:.'.";.;;;}!]
mm.- — —
■
Sixth rm«o— Sn-en run ■;». lhr^-y*r-cn,
i.nl upward; •»!!»»«: #-«•*!?■
• nttMonrtnt* W»: 2?* Fa.»wih<im ... 131
at 4«a»l* R*ia 1M ... Ecfclr^ea ..I?.'.JH
Selection* for Da.y.
nrrt nrt^-ltr-r^ry. 1!«%1»wj». •'.»•,»; c.
V^ftKii i»" Ni;f.Lr. Tlin*ttAk*r. Ic&teno.
TMnl rmr«^Dmaor»a, 6«JTI« O»swla. KI-*
r*rt:lval.
ronrth nu»- riajr.brKjiu. "liiifaa. IM^am. |
Fifth rac»-MoTin*l. S!rxdo« thorp*. In. IVr
r»r»
Birth rmr^-Mcnrov!*. Jrar.l* lU'.a. AnehorM.
2 CARLOADS
. • OP . .
../900..
Ensign c
AND \P?
Snell ,A
1 More on the road.
PRICES
$3O*» D &4O
AirTJtii wanted In every town
Leavitt & Bill.
309 Larkln St., S. F.
Sporting Events From All Over the World.
GEORGE GREEN FIT TO
BATTLE FOR HIS LIFE
■
' • si ul will w:.'. Ak:
■ ■
-
■
EIGHT BOUTS TO BE
CONTESTED TO-NIGHT
Good Card Arranged by Columbian
Athletic Club— San Franciscos
Hatch Clever Boxers.
Indication! point to a large crowd at the
initial boxing exhibition to be (riven by
the Columbian Athletic Club in its rooms
fct 2s Gulden Gate avenue this evening.
A large r.urnber of heat* have b«-en dis
\f^<tA of and there is every proFpect of a
crowded house. The managers of the club
propose to make the opening exhibition
one we nh the price of admission, as it is
in the field to utay. No d-!ays will mar
th»s rport and faking on the pan of con
testants in the eight bouu scheduled will
Dot \ft toieriued. Referee McGlnley stated
yesterday that he would throw the first
lad who faked out of the ring and would
alao deprive him of any remuneration he
might re-cejve for appearing before the
assembled boxing enthusiast*.
Eddie Toy and Charley Vlcker?, two
clever and hard-hitting amateurs, will
furnish the event of the night. Both lads
have trained hard for the bout and a fa«t
fight Is assured The other bouts will he
between Charles Thur?ton and Charles
Post *t 147 pounds; William Toy and Joe
Lf.ng at ISO pounds; "Kid" Johnson and
Charles Collins at 130 pound*; "Kid"
Dob.fon, alias "The Alligator," and Boh
Armstrong, the "Black Cyclone." Joe
Kennedy naa consented to , -.r a three
round bout with Pete Long. This will be
the former's first appearance in this city
tlncf- hi* Eastern trip.
The Ean Francisco Athletic Club has ar-
I ranged an interesting card for Tuesday
evening. November ft. Manager Greg
j gfclr.a ha/ matched six clever amateurs to
j Ight before the club, four of whom are
known to the followers of the pastime but
re strsnjrern to the local club. Jack
McCormick of Portland will do battle with
l^ewis Richards at Via pounds; Tom Her-
I man fit Denver will box "Kid" Johnson nt
UKpo-.:.i^ and Charles Fredericks and El
j Nolan, both of the club, will meet at IS|
pounds. The latter events will be eight
rounds In duration.
The main bout will be between George
Baker of Salt I^ke and William Martin of
L<is Angles for ten rounds at US pounds.
The battle will virtually decide th«
fcather-welirht chnmplon?hfp of the coast,
as Baker haa downed the Wadintc men of
his class. Martin comes from the citrus
belt well recommended and will try to
regain the laurels wrested from De Cour
cey by Baker In Los Angele* the latter
I part of Ust month.
It » ■
To Test a Game Law.
Th» constitutionality of the recent ordi
nance parsed by Stanislaus County, which
prohibits the shipping of wild game out of
the county, is poon to b* tested In the Su
preme Court. A short lime ago a market
hunter named James Knapp attempted to
forward to thin city a quantity of wild
durkh he had killed, and was arrested and
fined t2O by a Justice of the Peace. Upon
the advice of his lawyer he refused to pay
the fine and went to prison. An attempt
«tR made to xtK'ure his release on a writ
of habcnn corpus In the Superior Court of
that ccunty. but to no purpoVe, and yes
terday an application was made to the Su
preme Court, where a writ wan Issued
made returnable on Thursday. The claim
! Is mad» that the ordinance is in violation
, of the State constitution.
l AMATEUR ATHLETIC RULES.
Metropolitan Association Amend
ments Adopted,
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The Amateur
Athletic Union met at the A««tor Houh<)
to-day and »■ • Barlow S. Weeks, the
New York Athletic Club representative,
as president of the union for the ensuing
year. Nearly all of the amendments pro
posed by the Metropoltan Assocaton were
MM«d An amendment was passed creat
ins a senior and junior class at champion-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
gastric fever, and for five nights befora
the contest he was ur.able to sleep;
ihat en the nigh* previous to the fight
h* had to lake an opiate to gain a. much
F.iip meets. Thi* will b* an incentive for
schoolboys at.d members of email club*
to taico part in championship games.
1 wiil be offered for tbe winner in
Ine Junior cla.*s, the tame as in the senior
cla.'s.
The Younp Men's Christian Association
applied to the tuilon for special power re
garding the Eiandlng of its own athletes.
Tht Young Men's Chritlan Association
wants to look up its own aihletee. and for
that reason asked the main body to give
it incr«-a!>«-d power. Trie members were
at first unwilling to grant the request,
but finally concluded to try the experl
nr.erit for one year
SURPRISES THE CROWD.
Substitute Pugilist Almost Knocks ,
Out Bobby Bobbs.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2<\-Bobby Dobbs of
Minneapolis and Jim Ferns, a negro, were
scheduled to fight at the Hercules' Ath
letic Club to-nlsht. but Ferns failed to
show up and Ed Darrell was substituted,
to the disgust of the Jeering crowd. Dar
rell made a wretched showing up to the '
twelfth round. In that round he Improved
and knocked one of Dobbs' teeth out.
This brought the crowd around and they
began to cheer for Darrell. In th. thir
teenth round Darrell sent several straight
lefts to th C? 00 and swung heavily on
Dobbs Jaw. boa was nearly a whipped
man at the bell in the thirteenth rom d.
The next few rounds were about even i
and a number of hard blows were ex
changed. each man being sent to the floor.
Dobbs was the stronger when they came
up for the eighteenth and managed" to get
in a few Jolts on Darrell that put him to
the floor, and he was counted out.
WORKINGMEN DISCUSS
TROUBLE AT WARDNER
Foreman Chamberlain of the Knights
of Labor Criticizes the Action
of the Authorities.
BOSTON. Nov. SO.-At this morning's
session of the General Assembly of the
Knight* of Labor Grand Worthy Fore
I. i- Chamberlain of Colorado submitted
his report, in which he referred to the
achievements of the v organization and the
hostility encountered by Its members. Two
years ago. he said, had some agitator
proclaimed that men walking quietly in
the public highways In broad .light
would be shot do* officially and that the
chief executive would send an assistant
Attorney General of the republic and ure
the power of the administration to defend
the murderers he would have been classed
as a lunatic, ad the man who would have
dared to predict the horrors of the Ward-
Bar bull pt?n would have been treated as
an enemy of the republic.
On the subject of combines the report
said that it was a question how long it
wonld require the so-called trust com
binations to absorb one another until the
state from necessity must assume control
of the agricultural Industries and all pub
lic utilities.
Physician Goes Insane.
FANTA BARBARA, Nov. 20.— Dr. C. L.
Downle of Summ*>rland was confined in
the insane cell f the County Jail (his
evening on a charge of insanity. Downie
surprised his friends this morning l,y ray
ing that he rould walk upon the surface
of th> -id he was going to
walk -V.. to 'liannel Inland, thirty mil«»s
off shore He walked dlrn-t to th
of Bumm»Tland and with clothes on
vmlk«l into the Ho was wai«t deep
when friend« pulled him out. Dr I' iwi la
is a w»-ll known physician of this county.
♦■ —
Named for Mayor of Boston.
BOSTON. Not. V) — Patrick Collins wa3
nominated for M.tyor of Boston by the
Democratic convention to-night, receiving
j IS7 votes to 104 for John R. Murphy.
reeded rest, and that on the afternoon
of '.': ■ bout he had to stay In the Olym
pic Club £t»amroom to get down to
■weight. Green also said that he tried
to get "Bob" McArthur or Charley
GoJT to take his place in the ring, and
on their refusal went into the fight, so
as not to disappoint followers of the
game. He is now feeling as fine as a
two-year-old and is down to weight,
scaling row IZ2 pounds — two pounds be
low the stipulated welrht.
"Chur.k" Walsh and Harry Slater
have been a«Mstlng Green In his train
ing, and Bob McArthur and Willie
Cole have boxed with him almost daily.
On Sunday afternoon Green performed
for a large number of friends, who
filled his tralnln? quarters. After
punching the bag for a number of
ronnda he took on Cole. Walsh. Slater
and McArthur In four-round settob
without rest, and when he finished th«
rapid work he was as fresh ajs ever.
Green has been doing a great deal of
outdoor work, and as a result Is as
brown as a Filipino. H!s condition is
such that he could enter the ring to
night and make the fight of his life.
He is gradually tapering off in his ex
ercise, and during the remainder of th«
wed will go in for light work on the
road and !n the gymnasium.
Neill is also hard at it and promises
his friends that he will repeat the
ehbwlnr he made against his more
■
seasoned opponent n»xt Friday night.
Th« advance Bale of ■cats promlie* to
be large, as two rood "goes" are
scheduled.
■-■• . ■■..'. vs- ■■■. i
EVANGELIST MOODY
SLIGHTLY IMPROVED
Doctors Bay His Trouble Is a Weak
ening of the WalU of
the Her.rt.
EAST irORTHFIBLD, Mass.. Nov. ».—
I' L. Moudy's phy-lcian issued the fol
lowing to-night: "Mr Mo.dy has had a
' rtabl* day. His general condition
and hi* appetite have improved His
temperature In normal. He ha* slopt one
hour during the day. His trouble U a
weakening of th» walls of the heart.
! by overwork and a condition akin
to fatty degeneration of the heart. I con
fidently ex]Tt steady though not rapid
Improvement."
The bulleMn f Mowed an examination of
Mr. 11 0. dy by i rors, the region
of the heart being the chief point of
scrutiny.
PASSENGERS REMOVED
FROM A BURNING SHIP
German Steamer Olinda Puts Into
Norfolk Harbor With Fire
in Her Hold.
CAPE HENRY. Va.. Nov. 20.— The Ger
man steamer Olinda passed in for Norfolk
at 7:50 a. m. Hying the signal I am on
fire."
The Olinda, under command of Captain
Hanson, sailed from New York late Sat
urday night for Matanzas, Cardenas. etc.
She Is a steel vessel with five bulkheads,
built at Newcastle. England, in IM7, regis
tering 2376 tons gross, and halls from Kiel.
Germany.
The Olinda carried her crew and eight
een passengers. .• •.- was discovered last
night at 7 o'clock in No. 3 hold aft. when
off Hatteras. Captain Hansen burned dis
tress signals and the Ward line steamer
City of Washington, from New York for
Havana, tore down upon her. The Wash
ington took all of the passengers aboard
—not. however, without much difficulty.
as the Hea was quite heavy. The pas
sengers will be landed at Havana.
Captain Han-. says the fire is under
control, but that the hatches have not yet
been removed, neither has any water
b«en turned on. Lighters were sent to the
vessel to remove the cargo . when she
reached the harbor.
SUICIDE OF JUDGE OAKS.
Was an Officer in California Regi
ments During the Civil War.
DENVER. Nov. 30.— A special to th.»
Republican from Albuquerque, X. M..
tays: Judge John Oaks, a pioneer, com
mitted suicide here this morning because
of despondency due to HI health. Judgo
Oaks served in the Union army during
the war. at nr*t as second lieutenant in
the fourth California Regiment and later
as captain in the Sixth California.
Favor Government Ownership.
CHICAGO. Nov. -At to-days session
of the sub-committee of the National In
dustrial Commission investigating charges
of rate discriminations by various roads
President Stlckney of the Chicago Great
\\ estern testified in regard to the Interest
of railroads in the elevator business. He
was followed by i; A Eckhart of the
Chicago Board of Trade and William
Burke, a Western farmer, who spoke
from the standpoint of the shipper. J. L.
Kennedy of Washington, a member of
the BUb-committee. announced that ho
was In favor of Government ownership
of the railroads, and Congressman LorN
mer of Illinois, also a member, expressed
himself as favoring Government supervi
sion. -" , • r'lnmariw I iluwMwtatoai
FINE CARD
DRAWN FOR
UNION PARK
Forty-Eight Dogs Will Course
for Big Money To-
Morrow.
A midweek reserve stake, in which
forty-eight dogs are entered, will be run
off at the Union Coursing Park to-mor
morrow. Following is the result of last
night's drawing:
Midweek reserve eUke— Oeorje Lahusea's
(cames) Mystic vs. J. P"Dowd'» Shact Ov»r:
Lar.d & i>ert-«ri RienxJ vi. P. Heirn i Fair
Play: R. L. Taylcr** ,r.ain«s) Wlr.r.ir-c Lassie
\§ E. Baumeister** War Cloud: J. FltzsSm
mona* Peaceful Glea vi. X H. Peri«;o'« Lady
I>avenport; W. H. Jcnes' Prince Jerome ■»
Aeaeid KesneU' Aeae&s; A. L. Austin's Finn
Foe vs. J. Hurley* Star of CuVa; J. H. Peri<o'»
Belle of Seward vs. Georire Latusea's Flretall:
J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory vs. R. L. Tay
lcra (rMJ^tt) Tons»nt: E. N. Kelio^s Lady
Gllmore v* U". H. Jones' Lady Marlon: Maher
& Reid's Sia?lctcn vs. C'irti* & Son's McKln
2*y: James I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. J.
Brownings Mountain Belle; J. D. -::oall"»
Thorr.h!ll Comet vs. Ed Evatfs Vig^pnt; Her
zcg A Davis 1 Said Pasha vs. Earl Si L: r.» #
Sliver Lien: K. L. Taylor's (nanies; Rowdr
Bey vs. J Burns' Battleship: Kelly & Han
ley's Baby Kinir vj. F. A. McComb'g Miss Sky
rocket: Pasha Kennels' Rapid Edition vs. Land
& Gerh*r's Concord; P. C. K.ikes Fedora rs.
J. Byrne*' yellie 11: Pasha Kennels' May
H<-mstead v». P. J. McCabe's Sky Blu*: P.
Kfrwln'j Ludy G&raet vs. M%her & Reid's Pat
Rellly; E. F. Frank'? inan?i) BlaA-k I" -- vs.
.1 Moortey'* Pilem Treasure: Pasha K«»nr.el»'
Sylvia vs. Murphy A Toland's Ornament . P. J.
Rel!!y's I»a»T. v». Curtis k. Son'« The Fram :
J. Poyan's (names) Small Hope \-». P.. P.
Julian's Sw»et Music; 11. W. Pike's Xancy R
Tb. P. )•:.-• ■ Martha Wafhlnjrton: gterle it.
Knowle«' Frosty Morn vs. J. Rowrd'nt;'s G>r
aldine: Curtis * Son* Vanity' Fair vs. I. F.
Hal: r.' Tic Tac: Aeaeid Kennels" Pretender
vs A. T. Leotard's Master Lawrence; Kay £
Tram's Eclipse vs. J. O DowiTs Clifton Lase.
COURSING NOTES.
D. Shannon's Soubrette died yesterday
from the effects of the severe • irsln?
she had on Sunday, when nhe was
runner-up to J. H. Peiigo's Bohe.
The rumor has been generally current
in coursing circles that John Grace Jr.
has resigned as Judge at San Mat<*o
Cours'.rg Park, but all parties interested
deny that such is the case.
The management of the Ban Mateo
CourpTnir Park Ls TrytnK t" arrant a
ppeclal match. between J. O .-^hea black
dog Golden Rule and D. J. H.-aii>
Sl?quoc. Golden Rule defeated R. E. Ie
B. Loper's Peplta at the San Mateo
park last Sunday, while Slsguoc lowered
the colors of Pashst Kennels remarkable
younc gr^'hound Recording Angel a
fortnight since. . .
A match has been arranged between
Frank McComb's ike winner Royal
Flush and R. E. de B. Lopez's \\ hite
Head, to be run off at the San Mateo
Coursing Park one we*-k from next Sun
day. ~ ,
Johnny Coleman~lai<] » to 1 against
Jerld. P. Ryan, the colt's old owner, who
sold him to "Curley" Shields for C*).
thought he had a gr«»at chance, but failed
to have a ticket on him.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday. November 20. 1899.-Thirty-
Seventh day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track heavy. '
' JO3. A. MURPHY-Presldlng Judge. J. B. FEROUSOX-S^rter.
<%Af\ ;-. ACE— Five furlongs; maldtn two- J ear-olds; pursv
■ . — — — r ; T " " [Betting.
index. Horse. Weight. St. Mm. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. t Op. O.
"" _._.. u<' 1 ; 2 ... 1 » 'Hullman 3 5
••• f? 0 "^^ ill' ::: ::: « i " 2 h M ° r "' m »
r. g^ 1^:::::::::: 0 j ::: n ... 3 f'^E i 3
ISpi^ ::: :: - 74 " SI &::::: « B
... Urchin ••• • ,, -■
{ :;: •£ M^n':::::::
su Burl "-; « • • ; \ •'• - 4 Howltt to i»
::: i : ::: i! i* ::: 1 S
:: - - g 1 ::: 8 y ::: JS S
»ffiwiih=S ::: :" »„ .» gg& ,; j
- vi w^mso 1I3'13 -•• ••• X1 H ••• * s MacKim if is
in mi ■..:::: "'"' " ::: ::. » - «l_ Amhro ~ » 10 °
Time^4 : '4SSS : H. 1:05. Good .tart. Won ea-Ing up. Second and third driving.
J?f£&iiS^:&^t&& SSS& n». Oravlta will do. UrcWa
mill win Bwlork not fit. Rose Queen fast, but a quitter. Herculean made up a vast
-TcmtehrMt' " " Hypona« m. Blnuo^ 115. Trea^aught US.
Oil n s '' RACE — S!x fur 1011 *^: •«l Iln »f: three-j-ear-olda and upwar^; purse.
— i . ■ • • ' . - | I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St. Hm. 4m. »m. Ptr. Fin. | Jockeys. [O P , ,-].
,,. Ct . K .H« 4 107! 1 ... 1 J 1 * II 1 1 E. Jones I 6-2
*;V::::::::::3ii = SI « !H I! It SKI":::::: " S
*«ii F^rt Winiton"5 Wi S ... 6 2 8 2 6 1 '' T. Bums .:::: 5-2 11-5
?U \Vilme«er 4 (C 5 ... 5 h 7 4 5 h 7 4 Henry 25 45
M M^klVth 4 VIM 1 4 ... 7 1 II 8 1 .8 1 Morse 2D 20
£ Sift. 4 :.::-::::! ... 3h 54 D i Ranch 15 »
IS6 Major Cook, a Wj * "**'" « 7
ij^.« ■■"«• 4 '1W s i 11' Fa ' r «tart. on handily. Second and third driving,
■winner r>r ' ME" RoweH'n'b. g.. > v Morello-I>cept!on.
Ooirig suited winner. Marplot does better en a dry track. Islington stopped last part.
S ° m p !*nTt U C t he n d-A^cho^d ?Al,.kiH, Mafada -. - •- Offering S3. Pumlah 97.
o^^ THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
O~T ■«- • | m _^
f I I Benin*.
I- '.1 Horse. Age. Weight Pt. Vim. Mm. Km. Ptr. Fin. } Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
sffi^^ 5 JJ 82 %i » J hr - :::: 4 » <
J M 2 in 2 4 1 h 2 2 I XH J. Marl n J »-:
1 Wnr^.^'-r 5 1044 5! 5.8 5 40 S» ? 4 &;-;;:.: « I
111 l!ena " ' W > «1 4 4 43 4 I
r ,7t> HumKMty 3 K* 1 1 = : s 11 14 3 4 I 1« 7-W »-M
. ;, .- • iu 6 « « < e
Time— 4 '13* H :3$V t : V 1:03: 4. 1:*>. Ooo«l start. Won easily. Second and third drlT.
.„, Winner W. M Murry's br. (c.. by Faver.!ale-Caetalla.
Oianue in riders worke<l wonders with Casdale. Medanos ran consistently. Humidity
stopped Petal could not walk In the going. _^__^__
o A o FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse
q4o. $m
Index. Home. Age. Weight. [St. Hm. Urn. Km. Str. Fin, { Jockeys. lop"'^!
Kl satiuma. a 107 1 3 4 3h 3 4 2 2 1% K. Jone^ 2 3
M7 n Estro 3 *5 * » 1 H 11 11 *n T. WaUh 19 »
a") Svdal. a 107 3 1 h 2 1 2 h 3 1 3 2 T. Burns 7-2 13-5
:''' , . .; r 3 MS 56 6 12 64 55 41 Henry j »-♦
m T^mV-t 6 112' I 4 1 4h 4 4 4: BIS Bullman 2 11-S
r? Einstein. 5 104! 6 6 6 6 6 6 Bas»lnger .... » i 5
Tlme-l-H :07; 5-H. :S3: -1«. :M; 13-16. l:t«Vi; mile. 1:45: 1 l-l«n 1:51^4. Good »tart ex-
cert Einstein! Won tlrst three driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's ch. g.. by Macduft-
Alt pat«'*tna fr«sh and superbly ridden. Entro Is fast with a "ca.ch" up. La\-ator will bear
watching. Topmast ridden the overland route and Inclined to swerve.
nAA FIFTH RACE— Six furlong*: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. :
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Km. 'jtii. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |op" l a!
._ — — ■ I- —___ r
1!7 Jerid. 3 W 3 ... 3 2 2 2 In 1 4 T. Walsh 15 4,)
2 3 Mamie O. 6 101 5 ... 44 3 1 3 3 24 rhelan . Jo £
K« High Hoe. 4 1C4 2 ... 11 11 2 3 3 4 J. Martin 5 4
227 v... Moon. 6 97 I ... 7 54 44 45 'lunch « 10
<»0) Mike Rice, • 10 6 ... 6 2 •£ 6 2 5 2 Thorp. ::: 3 7*2
2J7 N'ovla. 4 10. 4 ... 5 2 !4 6 4 « 4 T. Burns 5-2 11-5
... Maul Ferguson. 3.. IPS 1 ... i n 7 7 7 E. Jon»» s-2 4
Tim«-U. -.^i: H.,:W;: %. 1:17. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner J H. Shields' ch. jr.. by Sablne-Fedalma. " "* '"*•
j«. r ld ran like a crackajack. Too short for New Moon. Rice could not ret un. NovIa
away none too well. Maud Ferguson stopped early. " *"" • WOTI *
Scratched— Ravenna 105.
cyAt= SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. ISO.
Index. Horse, fit*. Weight. [St.
Km.
Km.
Hm.
Hm.
*m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
Fin.
I
Jockeys. Op.
Jockeys.
IBettlng.
Op. ci.
in*.
CL
2S3 Whttcorob. 6 109 3
•19 Norton. 3 1W 2
J30 Coda, a 109 1
... Montanus, 3 Ill 4
263 Tcnrlea, 4 108 S
... Adam Andrew. 8... 7
201 Tennessee Maid. G. -Ill 8
... Fleming. 4 1091 «
1 2
2 h
4 4
i :
6 1
8
5 4
? 2
1 1
2 4
6 1
3 1
65
7 10
4 h
8
1 1
! 4
4 i
34
53
7 30
6 5
•
1 4
: i
3 I
4 1
5 II
« 1
7
1 2
2 n
3 10
4 J
5 (
« 3
7
E. Jones 5
Thorpe I
T. Burns 4
Sinner »
Conley 12
Dullman m
O'Brien 4}
M. Barren 30
i
I
7
» ;
u
8
104
CO
•I*ulled up.
Tlme-4. 13H; H. :384: H. 1:04: %. 1:S1«4. Oood utart. Won all out
driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell'a ch. g.. by Whltney-Lyon Lady
Scratched— L>are II 107. Merry Boy 111. King Carnival 113.
Second and third
BASEBALL
INDOORS IS
THE THING
Olympic Club Forms Four
Teams — To-Night's
Game.
Indoor baseball 1? being reived this rea
son with greater Interest than ever be.ore [
In its short but brilliant history In this -
State. Four teams have been made up by
the Olympic Club; the Reliance Club of
Oakland has several teams that are play
ing practice games: the Young Men"s ■
( Christian Association haa been a*, the
game all the year; the Stockton Athletic
Association team, which gave the Olym- ;
! pics, last year's champion*, Its hardest!
struggle. is making preparation for a re- ,
turn match, and it is understo<»l that the ■
University of California win s«nd a nine
i into the lists to compete for honors. |
A league has been formed and the initial i
i game will be played in January next. The
! time between now and the first of the i
| year will be consumed in chib and inter- |
club practice games. In the early part of
next month the fair sex will have an op
portunfcy of seeing a game, as Leader
Hammersmith and Captain James are ar
ranging a special match In their honor.
To-night the Republicans and Democrats ,
I will play at the club and a large attend- i
na'-e of those interested in th*- game la )
expected. Following is the l!n**jp of the
four teams chosen by the local axhletlc in
stitution:
Democrats—O. Fuller. W. McLajr.e H. L. |
I Mon« Khan. J. Glea^on. T. F. Ctt?.? Ulglxa \ t?'
! Boyle. G A. HlnkeL J. J. PhilUs«. R. Me-
Gibbon. U. Pray. O. Doxey. _ _ ;
Republican*—A. W. Follar.abee Jr.. C. 5.
Derham. R. •: Bowman. F. Bull K. A H'w
; s~n W. S. Taylcr. J. v. CofTroth. T. Meherln. .
E. M. C '-..::. J. Johnson. \V. g? s**--..,...
Fr-rlaJlstK—B. T. Harrison. XV. Glmoell.
G^rue Janwi L. Po<-kwltz. C. S. Pray. J.
Hoopt H. Coaniiff. F. J. Sherry. W. King. ,
U Hammcmrclth. E. Sheeny. I
Porullsts-W. J. I^eonan!. W. Carrwrlght. C.
F«!l.-vn«fcee. A. Valdcspino. I. Ehrrnan. W.
Hanrahan. A. Taylor. D. Carroll. F. Duran. i\
AVand. 11. Cobb.
i
WOULD STOP FOOTBALL,
St. Louis Coroner's Jury Declares It
Is a Dangerous Game.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. t\—Afu-r gp-^n3lng
several more days Investipattng the death
of John Wright, right tackle of the foot
ball team of the Christian brotherhood
College, who was injured on Nmember 11
in a mmc with the St. Louis University
t «>leven v the Coroner's Jury to-day returned
the following verdict:
"We. the jury, find that the game was
played strictly according to Rugby rul*«,
but we believe the game is dangerous
and should b« prohibited."
■
!
1
Shamrock Being Dismantled.
GLASGOW. Nov. 20.—The racing yacht
Shamrock is being dismantled at Gre*«n
ock She -urns towM most of the way and
sailed under her own canvas only 230
miles.
oast
STARTING
GATE PUT
INTO USE
Bennings Track Officials Will
Have No More of the
Flag System.
Bpeelal D^ratch to The Call.
____
"WASHINGTON*. Nov. 23.—dtarter Cts-
Bidy raise«l the suspension Imposed early
in the meeting on Jockey O'Leary and r.i
participated In to-day's events at tan
nings. O'Connor, who did iuch remark
able work en Saturday, continued hi* ef
for:» to-day and took first money In
three races. Beginning to-day Casnldy
used the rubber barrier device la star'ir.s
the races and the results were so saila
factory that It will be continued during
the remainder of the meeting. Results:
Non-wiascrs in \"A. gevea rurlocc*-Lache«
Tiot won, Tyrta b»ccs>J, Matasza ttlrcl. Ti2i«.
I'M 1-5.
Two-y^ar-cM tnal-Jesa. five v.4 a h*lf for
lon**—The Ccrtathlaa *on. Fctaole* tecoai
Grandeur third. Time. I:CS 1-5.
All ac*s. mile aa-1 100 >-ard»—Duk* of il!<!.
<!>bur« won. The Gardener second. L*a«3;2
third. Time. 143 1-5.
Selllnc. two-ymr-oUs. ttx fßr!cny»—Jaxs*i
wca. Bermuda aecccd. Ixtti* N«TUI« ttlri.
Time. 1:16 1-5.
Sellleir. thre#-y*ar-cHs and upward, die *n-1
a «ixteenth—nrl*k wen. gt. Lor»axo tecosd,
Que«n c: Sor.g thirl. Tlrr*. 1:M 1-S.
HARNESS HORSES SOLD.
Good Prices and Lively Bidding at
Madison-Square Garden.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The Fas!ff-Llp
ton Company's horse show sale opened to.
day la Madison Square Garden and
throughout the day there was a large At
tendance, Including many w*ll-kn<vgm>
horsemen frcm distant parts oJ the ecus
try. Good prices and lively bidding pre
vailed. Some of the important sales fol
low:
Elerl- !:o*4. eh. a.. VSW. to Thorn** W.
Lawsnn. Roj«ton. Mas*.; H702.
Pa-i.-nte. *:<#. b. m.. UM. to J. H. Bchu!t3.
Parkviii^; t!U#.
Sunlan.l Htlle, 2:CSV;, b. m., IIK, consist!
by J. ». ■ thw*lte, Cleveland. boM to SL
McDonaJ.l: tZfCZ.
The llontana. trla.l. l:I!»i. b. c. isr. ccn
j>!Kned by UUter Rfjot Farm. »cl 4 to P.. A.
Falrtalrn. TVCTtf.eM. X. J. : K\:o.
_
_*-auKt!r.a. 2:KU. b. m.. 1552. cnr.sUr.»l by 3.
H. Outhwalt<r. Clev^lar.ii. sold to L. Well it
Co.. New York: |»A
Inf!a!t. ::f«si;. rh. m.. to Frederick 9. FUh«r.
White Plain.-; $11^>.
Jo*> N. trial. 2:l*. bile g.. VK. crmsignvi by
Bitter Root Farm, sold to F. Orkin, New
lcrk; tiliO.
Rifle Club Shoot.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 20.—The semi-rronth'r
medal shoot of the San Jose Ri!!# Cub
proved an interesting event to sportsmen.
There was great rivalry in the various
classes. The following scores were mad--:
First class—Dr. Schumacher (medal) Cfi.
Oeonr» Keffel SS. C. E. HubbacV: 2&0. J.
G. McMillan ZS. Captain F. Schumacher
343. Second class—M. Schmidt (medal» Z7i.
R. J.Wight 313. W. G. Flint rs. Third
class—George Stephan fmedal > ZH. N. W.
Neimaa 211. The medal* for first and last
best shots were both won by Max SchmW'
SOCIAL FOR BENEFIT
OF OUTING CLUB FUND
The committee of arrangements havtn?
In charpe the first $rrar. I monster enter
tainment and ball cf the San Francisco
Outing Club, which is to be held en n*xt
Saturday evening at Mission Parlor H»l!,
has completed Its labor. An excellent
vaudeville performance has b«cn ar
ranged. It Includes numbers by the latest
known talent of the city. The following
Is the programme: Overture, San Fran
cisco Outlne Club orchestra. William R
Kocsel leader; soprano solo. Miss Ro*9
Kllcarlff; piano solo. Miss Loretta d*
Force: topiccl son-:s. Frank W. Healy;
barytone solo. Avit La Fall!*; musical se
lections. Orpheus Ptrlnjf Club; comicalt
tle?. Ilenrj' Alexander: eongr. Frank
Scully; selections. San Francisco Outing
Club's Glee Club: fancy Jljr and reel danc
ing. Miss Julia Malloy; tenor solo. Gcorga
A. Lare. Tho sale of tickets thus far In
dicate* a very large house. The affair Is
gix-f-n for the hfneflt of thf nutlng fund.
20 cts.
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Small Boys' Knee Pants —
good enough, perhaps, for
school; just the thing to
romp around in.
"Direct from Mill to Man "—
and boy, too.
Brown Bros.&Co.
Wholeunle Manufacturer* of Clothing.
Prop's Oregon City Woo'en Mills.
121-123 Sansomc Street.
4 visit OR JORDAN'S crcat^
(HUSEUK OF ANATOMY^
F (CSfSk Wof<l *«kne.»e* t » an, c .n:rj.t-! 4
i rSSl c ?' JCRDAN-PRtVATE oi£«e* *
9ft y^fl Jwh«^L pp * nona: '»r» r " b * '«'- A #
\a V U R »• • IO " er » a»«»as«t4Af^ \
I A 1 «i«". i^w X*K * M*as» rats. ».\f
A ti i| nluaule bock I„•I „• ara) »
7 DU J«»HDAXAto..loslMarkftSt..H F f
MAKE PERFECT MEN
fr-T L * on *^ r! The joy. «nU «n»bttloni ol
QMAKE PERFECT MEN
DO No i DEsrAII !
*rrr Th»j ,
WA -»«IM» r»°. r ', ' t '- i '<-»cf >tv.mi. D.-MIIHV,
U^r -^ftiA'; 4 111.CTM. Uit» prompt rcli.l t.. .t
."i' a 'I'iw-' mtmurj an.l Itir will)
VrT^SflftlS * n '» drain of »ital p«w#r». m-urrr,! t »
UA Jjgrffly ; **cr*tlon*oraxc*«««sof rsrlr yr»r»
tlon Bra/.. »r. POrt Tl<ror an t tx.t.Ti. %«° «»«rj t u«x>
rhr«ks>n-ll<i*tr» to Wn« of/^r^S
»?M?JZ£ T , newsTltAl eneriry. ♦• 1• J i*•• ° ..
r?nd*d. COI t"fn e \!. iruarai 2li" : VjSP
•T«rywhtrr.,>r m«llfj lnj.?»rr»r*J~r pock.t. Sou
SJir7T-K;2 r - mm * Ued «aj>«*ln wr»pt»«r in r*f#ipt o
P f^« b r 'hi ritrtct* «V!caMs«sj.. c^
. BoW by Owl Dru« Co.. S. F. 4s: O&kUo*.TEN THOUSAND
PEARLS SEIZED
Smuggler Bock Comes
to Grief.
OLD SHOES FULL OF GEMS
CUSTOMS OFFICIALS MAKB A
RICH HAUI*
ProTidence, R. 1., Dealer in Jewelry
Attempts to Escape Paying
Ihity on a Collection
Frrm Europe.
»r«ri»! Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW TORK. Nov. M Ten thousand
rmucgied pearls of ill sizes, pome Imita
tion ani fome genuine- gems, were taken
to tha custom-house to-day and spread
ect In Collector Indwell's office. Th. v
will b« taJi**n to the Appraisers" stores,
where- the Government will pass on their
>nlue<s. Th« pearls were seized by Special
Trea.^ury Oflicial Theobald from Francois
Bock, a d«al«-r in Jewels and cems. of
Providence. '- L Dock was arrested on
the French liner Breiagne, but preceding
him had come a cable message to the
customs offlcLals telling that the Provi
dence man hod j>earls of great price in his
j.oi^esslon. To the inspector Bock de
clared ha had nothing dutiable. Ho de
clared ho was Koing to Mexico and said
nothl&f about bis business in Providence.
• ' 1I • 't«ald and the 1:
■
■
■
X
iris are
lii-th true
When the officers had secured all the
pearls from Rock's trunk they examined
Ills wealing apparel. In the Inside pocket
of his topcoat they found a package con
taining nome beautiful specimen!*. In the
tail pockets of his coat wero found pe:irls,
nnd there were more In the other pockets.
The customs officers are Inclined to think
the peitrls on his person are genuine and
the others are possibly imitation. A rough
estimate of the value of the entire seizure
!.•* $:>o.noo.
Hock doe* not Fpeak English. He said
he was born in Austria and had pone
fr.^m Trieste to Parts. Special Agent
Theobald has learned of a trip that Bock
made from Paris to this country last May.
nnd regrets* that Bock's baggage was not
Marched at that time. Rock spent Sun
day night in the police station and to-day
■ran taken t»efore I"nlte4 States Coramls
rioner Shields and held In $5000 ball. He
t.iM he h:id no mean* of securing ball and
■vent to Ludlow-Ptreet Jail.
The treasury agents say they ha- • no
f\ idrr.ee to Fhow that Bock had any ac
complices.
STREET CAR STRIKE
RESULTS IN A RIOT
Armed Guards Badly Beaten After
Shooting Into a Crowd and
Wounding a Man.
-
1 shot
■
urm
The two guards— John Henson and Guy
R. Trend!* 1 )" — had been brougrht over from
St. Louis by the company. They were as
juried to protect the mutormen and con
ductors at th« terminus at the public
*<juaxe. A car had Just left the square
for Bt. Louis, when a crowd of about l«.«tO
men and boys surrounded the two guards.
The Jostling crowd forced a boy apainst
Henson and he struck the lad. Instantly
a dozen nun Jumi»cd on the guard and
the crowd became a mob. The two men
crere knocked down and kicked and
trampled.
rs. be
■
SAMPSON A GRANDFATHER.
admiral's Daughter Gives Birth to a
Healthy Boy.
MILL VALLEY. Nov. 20.— The wires
1" re a m»"ssaKe of pood chefr across the
continent yesterday — a •■■■ ■ • -.■■ that
doabUesa hroujjht a tender smile to the
face <>f Admiral Sampson and caused him
to f'.rget for a brief period at least th-
over whether he or Admiral
Schley is th<» mnri" doughty warrior.
Admiral Bampson is tho'sj-nndfather of
n brand new taby. a boy at that, and th«
proud mother and fa.th» r fla*h«-d th»* n^ws
f> the Rrandfnther without loss of time,
adding that t»oth mother and child were
doing well. Mrs. H. H. Scott, the mother
is the admiral's younrest daughter, and is
««ged U years. H» r husband Is the well
known San Francisco real estate a^jent.
who has a beautiful suburban residence
in the shade of Mount Tamalpals. and
upends as much time there as is compati
ble with his business interests. Mrs
Bcotfa maiden name was Olive Sampson.
NEW ELECTRIC LINE-
rranchlse Granted by the San Jose
City Council.
BAN JOSE. Nov. M. -The City Council
this morning granted A- Greeninjjer and
cthen a franchise for an electric road
al^nit Fifth street, from Taylor, the
northerly limits, to San Fernando street.
At the expiration of nve years the cltv
is to receive 3 per cent of the receipts of
the road as payment for the franchise
The Flfth-stxcet railway is to be a con
necting Jink hot ween the Alvtso electric
road and nnr.ther that is to be built out
Bnn F« rnando street through East San
Jc>«* to connect with th«- Alum Rock mo
tor road. This latter llr.e will be turned
Ir.to an electric road.
■
■
*'!]] lie
way.
f the
- ates.
♦
DEANE PLEADS GTHLTY.
Forger Claims to Have Been a
Genera] in San Salvador.
SANTA BARBARA. Nov. 20.— Charles
I><*ane. alias C H. L>avl*. who forged the
:>2.me of Railroad Contractor J. W. Wiley
to two time checks amounting to t; H T>
yesterday withdrew his plea of not guilty
and to-day entered a pl<a of guilty. He
was sentenced to three years for the first
offense and two years on the tecond
l>eane claims to have l>ee.n a general In
the San Salvador army during the last in-
Furrectlon and has had a remarkable
career. He comes from one of the best
•■a-rly Santa Barbara families and' was
educated to be a civil engineer. He had
high positions in the Mexican and San
Halvador governments and at one tlmo
owned vast tracts of land In Mexico
Hobart Improving.
PATERSON. Nov. 20.-Vice President
Hobart passed a znore favorable day to
day than his condition ,■ the early
mornlnc Indicated. He became more
cheerful during the afternoon, havin*
been refreshed by a few hours' sleep
but bis appetite did not Improve. Hobart
Turtle, the Vice President's brother-in
law, -aid to-day that the patient was
holding bla own.
Boy Drinks Poison.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 20.— This afternoon the
thref>-year-old son of Antone Carevlch,
it west side orchanSlst. swallowed the con
tent* of a bottle of poison picked up in
»••• yard and died shortly afterward.
TEN SHIPS ASHORE IN
STRAITS OF MAGELLAN
Vessels That Have Rounded the Horn Re
port the Coast Line Strewn With
Wreckage.
a NORFOLK. Va.. Nov. SV— According to reports brought In to-day ten
ships are ashore In the Straits of Magellan. The steamship Kurdistan. Cap
.• ta'.n I-lttlehale. reported six and tli- Eleedlcaa, '"aptain Miller, reported four.
Q Bach vesF^l came through the straits bound here for coal, and had an ex
♦* tramely rou»:h voymg*.
While off the I'jitagonlan coast the wrecked vessels could be discerned.
tut uwing to the heavy weather and the treacherous formation of tho
H line neither vessel dared approach, and the names of the wrecked steamships
C? or fate of the crews could not be learned. The wrecks stretched for ?.
H |
Judging from ft former experience of the Kurdistan, the crews of the
** wreckol vessels may have been devoured by cannibals. The Kurdistan was
ibled in the straits once, and the crew was obliged to give battle to t»ie
V nn.
TRICES OF BABY
INMAN FOUND
The Child Was Probably
Eaten by Coyotes.
Fpeelal Dispatch to Th« CalL
SPOKANE. Nov. 20.— Traces of baby
Ruth lonian, the two-year-old girl who
disappeared so mysteriously from th.-
Watson farm near Harrington, October
22, were, found to-day by George Lynch,
a cattleman. Only some portions of the
clothing and a piece of scalp with hair
on it and portions of three fingers were
found, but they are sufficient to identify
the child, which was undoubtedly eaten
by coyotes.
The disappearance was one of the
strangest on record. The child had been
playing with other children at the Wat
| son farm ami her absence was noticed
less than half an hour after being seen
with the other children. For two weeks
a diligent search was instituted, over 200
j men Joining In an organized party, while
several small parties were also formed.
Merchants left their stores and farmers
their fields to join in the search. Every
foot of ground lor mil« near the farm
! was thoroughly searched and it Is Incon
ceivable how the articles found to-day
could have been missed. So thorough
was the search that old monkey wrenches,
lost whips and many farm tools were
unearthed.
The long search was finally abandoned,
the theory of abduction paining credence.
All Lincoln County was deeply worked
up over the affair, which has created a
sensation throughout Eastern Washing
ton. The child parents live at Creston
and they had gone to the farm of William
Watson, near Harrington, for a visit on
the fatal Sunday, taking baby Ruth with
them.
COUNT OF JEFFERSON
COUNTY IS COMPLETED
Democrats Make a Gain of Two
Legislative Members in
Kentucky.
LOUISVILLE. Xv . Nov. 20— The Coun
ty Board of Canvassers adjourned late
this afternoon until Wednesday, after
having completed the offlclai count of the
ballots cast on November 7. The city and
county give Taylor ■ plurality of 5413. The
work of the board to-day waa the consid
eration of the contested precincts In va
rious parts of the city, which had been i
parsed as the Count progressed. Five at !
those were thrown out and five were |
counted. This resulted In a gain of two !
meml>ers of the legislature by the Demo- I
crats. The legislative result In the coun
ty now stands: one Republican Senator,
live Republican and three Democratic
Representatives.
When the County Board meets again on
Wednesday it will bear nrguments on tho
motion, notice of which was given several
day* ago by counsel for the Democratic
candidates, to throw out the vote of Jef
ferson County, because of alleged intimi
dation by the State militia-
Democratic new*paiK.'rs' figures now
give Taylor a plurality of nearly 2000 in
the State. They >-how that 2iKt votes are
in contest and that Goebel ha* a plurality
of 9.17 on the the uncontested votes.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Nov. 20.-Oovernor
Bradley issued a proclamation calling a
special election in the Seventh Congres
sional District, December 16. to elect a
successor to Congressman Evan Settle,
deceased. Judge Ira Julian of this city
and Judge James 11. Uullcane of Lexing
ton. ex-Consul to Samoa, are announced
as candidates.
RAILWAY MAGNATES IN
NUMEROUS CONFERENCES
NEW YORK. Nov. M.— The Commercial
; Advertiser says: Significant conferences
have been held In this city within the past
week between officers of the Union Pacific
Railroad and representatives of Western
lines, which have and expect to have
traffic relations with the Union Pacific.
E. H. Harrlman and the men associated
1 with him in the control of the Union Pa
cific are considering measures designed to
extend the connections and the earning
power of that system. President Burt has
been discussing a course of action with
the executive committee, and the fact
that President liughltt of the Chicago
and Northwestern me on from the West
this week to attend a meeting of Union
Pacific directors has set many tongues
a-wagglng.
Inquiries at th»» general office of the
Chicago and Northwestern In this city
elicited the assurance that the officers
of that company had no knowledge of any
relation* between their line and the
Union Pacific. Furthermore, they had no
reason to suppose that there was likely
to be any change in the relations that
I now exist between the two systems Pre -
ident Hughitt of the Northwestern is a
director of the Union Pacific and In that
capacity he Is believed to bo able to pro
tect the interests of the road of which
he hi the head :
SHOOTS INTO A MOB
ATTACKING HIS HOME
NORFOLK. Vs.. Nov. Report* have
reached here from Princess Ann County
that a mob attacked the home of Magis
trate O.*rar Firming to-day. Fleming, In
defending his home, hilled one of the
party and wounded several others.
A few days ago. Fleming. It is paid, shot
and killed Clarence Snyder, .-i boy who
, was hunting on his farm. Feeling has
been high In the neighborhood and a mob
was formed. After the leader fell the
mob retired. No one identified the body.
A Coroner's Jury was summoned. Flem
ing's house bears many bullet marks.
Wedded at San Rafael.
PAN RAFAKI-. Nov. 20.-Mlsi M.irrhle
Dougherty, the daughter of W. F. Dough
«-nv. the local searcher of records, was
married this evening at the residence of
h^r j>are:.t»- tr> Constable Thomaa Button
of Kovmto, Rev. William Marshall officiat
ing. Alden Button. a brother of the
groom, acted as best man. and Mrs. W F.
Speldel. a ulster of the bride, a* lin<l<»B
roaid. Only the relatives and Intimate
friends of the young couple were pn
at the rrremony. Mr. and Mrs. Sutton
will depart for Coronado to-morrow on
their honeymoon.
Found Dead in a Pullman.
WASHINGTON, Nov 20— Ross B Far
rina-ton of Newark. N. J.. who Is believed
to be an actor, wai found dead In the
Pullman sleeper of the Southern Railroad
train which arrived here at 9:<>s to-night.
21« entered the coach at Atlanta, Ua.
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
GERMANS WILLING
TO ASSIST RUSSIA
Financial Aid for the
Czar's Empire.
Pp<»olal Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN. Nov. 20.— While th« Czar was
at Potsdam recently the general lines of a
prospective commercial treaty between
Germany and Russia were reached. Em
peror William, the Czar. Dr. yon Miquel
and M. de Witt., discussed the situation,
including the financial crisis In Russia.
The latter was largely due to the num
berless Industrial enterprises, especially
In Iron, started under the Russian high
tariff policy, being obliged to curtail their
output owing to insufficient coal supplies
from the Sou , lh R . usslil n mines. When the
workshops closed for lack of coal prices
rose enormously, and the Minister of Fl
fl'^^'.v?' de VVltte, therefore arbitrarllv
«Xfd the price Of railroad materials re
quired by the railroads at about 50 per
cent below the price demanded. As many
enterprises %v. : . started expressly to sup
ply the Siberian railroad, the result was
disastrous.
♦ The Herman and Russian governments
if ii a / ray " %l " of lhe situation, but in
Herlln financial circles the crisis is regard
ed asonlv temporary. Therefore, in view
°/. the <-=ars emphatic declaration at
1 otsdam in favor of It. de Wltte's n^ace
policy, and the believed baselessness of
the reports of the Russian advance in Af
ghanistan and Persia, they are inclined to
further Russia's uncial and Industrial
expansion on the ground that they will
thuj. he subscribing to their own Interests
in drawing apart Russia and France and
ii heightening Russia's power of purchas
ing German products.
OHIO'S OFFICIAL VOTE.
Judge Nash's Plurality Almost Fifty
Thousand.
COLUMBUS. Nov. 20.— The canvass of
the offlcial vote in Ohio was completed
this afternoon. It shows that Judge
Nanh's plurality Is 49.028. The total vote
eiist was <«ps.iy>. divided as follows among
the s x candidates for Governor: Georse
K. Nash (R.). 417.1:*; John R. McLean
»D.) .MS.l7tf; Seth II Bills (Union Re
l"L m t',' : ? : Oeor Ke M. Hammell (Pro.),
t^-o: Robert 11. Bandlow (Socialist
p^. r) icS: Samuel M - Jone3 <*"n" n -
The' plurality of John A. Caldwell (R )
for Lieutenant Governor over A W
Patrick (D.) who was supported by the
Anti-Saloon League, is 1:.::. An analy
! sis of the figures shows that about 10.000
• electors who voted for Jones for Gov-
I ernor failed to vote for any other candi
| date for State office. Tho Non-Partisans
j drew their strength about equally from
the Republican and Democratic parties.
BOOKMAKER
ED KRIPP ON
HIS MUSCLE
Severely Beats Ex-
Sergeant Price.
Edward Kripp, manager of tho Sacra
mento baseball team, pennant winners for
the season of ISM. and also a well-known
bookmaker, had a lively encounter last
night with ex-Sergeant of Police Prico
and a private detective, who have been
doßßlng the baseball magnate. For sev
eral days past Kripp was aware that he
was being watched, but for what reason
T. l. a! if l '" s '" " x P |al n- He. however,
thinks that Price and the private, detec-
Uvo are employed by rival bookmakers
. at the track, who Jealous of his success,
are having him followed to learn whether
he Is In collusion with certain Jockeys
In order to circumvent them Kripp em
ployed a messenger boy to watch the
movements of the men who were em
ploy. to follow him. The boy after a
Ion X chase, traced them to Kripp's room
and caught them In th*> act of search! nil
his effects. When informed of this des
perate act of his pursuers Kripp became
virtuously indignant and eagerly awaited
an opportunity to get even
Last night Kripp, while conversing
with some friends at the corner of Ellis
and Powell streets, saw the two men who
had been employed to follow him stand
ing within ■ few feet of him. He accost
ed them and demanded an explanation
The private detective became bHIl K eron t :
ly indignant, whereupon Kripp struck
him in the face, knocking him to' th . side
walk. Bz-Bergeanf Price, seeing his
companion placed hors do combat, started
to Interfere. Kripp then attacked him
and succeeded In knocking him out A
large crowd gathered, but before the" po
lice arrived Kripp was tak>»n away by
his friends. ' "'
KING WAS INSANE.
Testimony of Dr. McMahon In the
Forgery Case.
PAN JOBB, Nov. * At the trial of
Al>mm King, the agcl capitalist accused
of forgery, to-.iay Dr a. McMahon I
the stand a:..l t< tilled mm at the tinin
admitted signing L. w. c. Otte?s
name to a receipt be was nearly Insane
from grief caused by the Illness of a
daughter. I Miring a hoaring before a ref
eree on the account of the Mobson estate.
King stated he might have limed the <>{'
to receipt but at the trial last week he
denied Hlgning it. v
t Attorney Jarman opened
the argument for tho prosecution at 2
o'clock this afternoon. He ocupled the re
mainder "f Hip day. King 1 * caae will prob
ably go to the Jury to-morrow evening.
Young Author Dies.
BAI.LARD. Nov 2u.-Fr<d R. Oliver
journalist and author, for several years a
resident of this place, recently teie Xr aiih
e-ntor of the Santa Barbara Press died
at Loa Angeles Wednesday, November li
aged 33 years Mr. Oliver was the author
of a new work, forthcoming from a 1 ..s
Angeles house. "A Dweller on Two PUn
ets. which promises to create a lit-rarv
sensation Deceased leaves a widow and
two children.
Fire at Sausalito.
SAT-SAI.ITO. Nov. 20.-The residence of
A. Schloh, a S.in Francisco musician was
burned to the ground to-day. The fire waa
caused by a defective flue. Insurance,
|HMk
CASTRO REGIME
IS RECOGNIZED
State Department Takes
Action.
»» — —
SITUATION IN VENEZUELA
• •
BETTER ELEMENT FAVORS THE
NEW GOVERNMENT.
— — ♦— —
Liberation of Political Prisoners the
First Reform Ordered by the
Successful Revolution
ary Leader.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Nov. 20.—
United States Government has officially
recognized the de facto government, head
ed by General Clpriano Castro, the vic
torious revolutionary leader.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Official ad
vices received from Venezuela give de
tails of the recent revolutionary upheaval I
In that country and the Inauguration of
the new Government under General Cas
tro. The programme of the Government
'.s set forth in the following pronuncia
mento:
Ths popular movement instituted a few weeks
bbo in the Occident of the republic by General
Castr». aiming to restore the Institutions of.
the country, has bevii i.r<.iiit: since the mid
dle of September. unJer the chief and leader ot
the victorious troops, who effected yesterday
(October 23) hi« entry to the capital amid uni
versal manifestations of public Joy.> His first
act after assuming power was to order the
liberty of the political prisoners, So this trl
umi>h, truly national, has bet-n crowned with
peace in all homes and tranquillity in all
hearts.
General Castro received the investur* of su
preme power in conformity with article 151 of
the constitution, and immediately began the
organization of a. provisional administration
while tlie country la reconstructed by strict
ccnstltutional forms, By one of his decrees
the chief of the Government nominated the
Ministry, honoring the undersigned with the
portfolio of foreign affairs. There is opened
to Venezuela a new era of peac which will
be to the benefit of all national Interests.
The pi -••■- of the Government alms pri
marily to the maintenance of legal order and
the continued advancement of economic Inter
ests. I Wish you would make known the agree
able situation in which Venezuela is placed
after the definitive triumph of the popular
movement which wan Instituted and completed
by General Ca«tro.
The document i« signed by Anduesa
Paiacio, Minister of Foreign Affairs and
at one time President Of Venezuela, li
appears In the Official Gasetti and copies
have be.-n forwarded to Benor I'ulldo, the
Venezuelan Charge d* Affaires here. Th<*
accounts agree that all the lntluential ele
ments have accepted Castro. Among his
tirat Hits was the declaration that the.
present constitution should be upheld and
that twenl of Venesuela should
enjoy autonomy. Concerning the future
representation of Venezuela In Washing
ton no advices have been received here.
The report j* that s.nor Bolet-Peraxa
will lie the new Minister. Senor I'uli.lo
says his s. ... t;. n Is not unlikely, at -
Bolet-Peraxa was Minister at Washington
und^r President Palado, who is now Mm
I>tL-r of Foreign Affairs.
BROTHER LAWRENCE
HAS PASSED AWAY
Famous as an Educator In Catholic
Institutions for a Quarter of
a Century.
■ RAFAEL, Nov. n. -Rev. Brother
a man well known in tb( ■
catlonal world ns a Greek and Latin
scholar, pilSßfKi away to-day at St. Vin
cent's orphan Asylum, five miles north
of this city. if:s (Uniise was primarily
due to a complication of ..,,. uses lik-i
dent to old ;■.«.- and t>i.- constitution of
tbe a*ed broth, r. weakened by <-lo«. ap
plication to study, was unable to with
stand tbe strain.
Brother Lawrence was 04 years of age,
and for the last quarter of '« e» ntury he
ecu a member of the Christian
Brotherhood and has held some Impor
tant positions in that order. Be came to
St. Vincent's Orphan Asylum four years
md during that pfriod has
pic-d the position of inspector of cis
All the boys of tho asylum looked upon
him In the lU'ht of a father and he Was
regarded with the greatest respect and
esteem by Brother Michael, th. b<
tho institution.
Tho funeral services will be hold at the
asylum next Wednesday at I o'clock in
the morning, when n solemn requiem
mass win be celebrated f< r the repose of
the deceased brother's souL The int.-r
ment will be In Mount Olivet C< m-
MALIETOA TANU
GOES TO THE FIJIS
Former King of the Snmoan Islands
Will Pay a Visit to His
Sister.
ATTA, fiamcrm Islands, Nov. 13, via
Auckland. N. '/.., Nov. XL— Everything is
quiet here. The British cruiser Pyladea
left Apia November 7 for Sydney, N S.
W., carrying former King sfalletoa Tana
as a passeii^er to the t'ijls to pay a visit
to his sis;
The (St-rnian members of the Municipal
Council bad refused to sit with the re
cently elected Mrltish members, on the
ground that the latter bad insulted the
German tlag Bum" months back. I > r. Bolp,
president of the municipality, was much
annoyed, an'l used all bis endeavors,
though wlthotit success, for three weeks
to effect an adjustment. Finally matters
arranged and the Council will meet
Prank Cornwall, the largest British
Innd owner In Samoa, Was found mur
dered In lu> bed a few days ago. It is
supposed that the assassin was a Samoan
native.
DISPUTED OIL PROPERTY.
Hearing of nn Argument for a Re-
ceiver Postponed.
T.OS ANOKKKS. NOT. Kk In th<^ T'nltod
Statea court to-ilav Judpo Bom continued
until Decemb.T tin- hearing of ft motion
tn have a r.-' • r. • i appoint! '1 for the rlrh
<-ft properties in tho Ooalinga oil Oetda.
'I ! ere are four suits Involved in the litl
g&tion, the same ciut-stioiis of law an.l
r;t« t being common to all. The first is
tho sierra Nevada Oil Company vs. the
iioov> on Company, IS. O. Miii^-r et al.;
the Ibex Oil Company vs. the Producers'
Oil Company. L. 1* Cory et al.. and two
other similar Bults.
The contention of th*» plaintiffs, of
whom Judge Allen and Dr. Gates of this
city are tbe principal ones, Is that they
located sections M and 22 and compiled
with itll the conditions of tho law \<r -
fore the persons through whom t;
tendants claim tln-lr rlßht. Sections IT
and M are the sections whereon the weiia
are located. Judge Allen and his
dates bold section 17 under a United
Htatis patent, and BO that section Is not
involved in this litigation: but on section
H the most valuable of the oil w.-lls have
been sunk. The Blue Goose, in which
Mrs. Hearst haH purchased an interest. Is
located on this section.
Oil Property Bonded.
I.OS ANGBLSB, Nov. ».— Easton, Eld
ridge & Co. have bonded the Rex Oil
Company*! properties la this city. It Is
■aid that this deal is In the Interest of
the San Francißco syndicate that has al
ready secured the wells of the American
Oil Company and the Yukon Oil Company
of this city. The production of the Eli v
Oil Company if" over 11.000 barrels month
ly, whicn give? the Ban Francisco syn
dicate control of nearly one-third of the
total oil product of this city. Negotia
tions are said to be pending for the pur
chase of the Hayer ami lissi wells, near
Second street, by the Sa:i Francisco syn
dicate.
John J. Reed Dying.
REED STATION. Nov. 2u.-Jr,hn J.
Reed, the pioneer after whom this pteea
was named. Is lying at death's door of
pneumonia, and this afternoon two
physician* were summoned from San
Francisco to attend him. Reed Is one of
the beat-known men la Jlarm and is
worth half a million dollars. He owns
lands from Hilarita on the Bouth to San
Clemente on the north. as?Kre«atins
nearly 2000 acres. This real State wa-i
all conveyed to him under the t*-rms of
an old Spanish grant As Mr Reed is 87
years old It Is likely that his affliction
will prove fatal.
SIX WERE KILLED IN
THE HUMBOLDT WRECK
Friends of Dead Italians Swear Yen-
geance on Trainmen Besponsi
hle for the Accident.
ST. PAT'L. Nov. 20.— A Sioux Falls spe
cial to the Dispatch says: The dead and
injured from the railroad accident noar
Humboidt have been brought to this city.
The six dead men are now In the city
morgue, and the four seriously In lured
are at the city hospital. Two of those
in the hospital are In a precarious enndi-
• n - -> n " d one uf lht ' m at least probahiy
will die. Al.out fifty of the Italians are
in the city hanßinp around the morgue
rney are watchrd J.y the police to pre
vent any trouble. The dea.l are:
EDWARD Howard, more generally
known as "Brockey "
ANTonio ANDRJ
ANTONIO AI.IKLLO.
JOE NENONE
FHFD DABKRELI*
WERTEL CARRELL
The killed and Injured are all from CK
cago, ntid with the exception of the Oral
named in the list of dead are Italian*.
Tiie Italians who are at tlie scene of the
accident refuse to go to work, and ire
Bwearinc vengeance on the train cr«w
which ran the train causing the accident.
CARNEGIE COMPANY
BUYS CUBAN PROPERTY
Moroto Railroad and the Valuable
Ponupe Mine Pass Into Hands
of the Corporation.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 20.-Ru
mors current for several w.-.-ks culmin
ated to-day in the definite admission by
officials of the S.itaiilllo and ICorotO Rail
road and the Ponupe mine that both
proper t i. a i ,d been sold to the Cai
Company. The Ponupe ml»
ered one of the richest manganese mines
In the world. It has a practically unlim
ited deposit of or.- assaying 65 ;.'-r cent
I he n.ilrond, which holds a Spanish con
■trucl Bsion to Manzanillo and
Guantanamo, is now a paying pr ■
liny nnl.s Into the interior.
-""'■ I arnegie's representatives nave
active in the district for a month
and have received options on many val
uable iron and manganese deposits along
the line of the pro] osed railroad.
IN A WORTHY CAUSE.
Opening of the Catholic Ladies' Fair
at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Nov. M.— The CatboUe by.
I to-night at Agricultural
Pavilion. Mayor Harrison delivered the
opening address, and this was followed
by hu entertainment. The pia. •■ was
handsomely decorated, and the larpe jm
!- ndance this evening indicated a gene»*al
Interesi In the 1 iccess ol tii» affair.
ti... proceeds are for th.- benefit of St.
Joseph's Hor- for Old M.n. This Is to
ai Institution, although it
is to be maintained by Catholics it will
Include a completely fiuipju-d hospital.
with trained nurses and a resident physi
cian, and will furnish all •
appliances for which physicians must now
send their patients to s.m Francisco at
great cost Su< ii a hospital has
needed long by Stockton Besides srivinp
the city valuable service, it will be a
thing for the town in another way, Inas
much as people from all over the valley
will come her.- to be treat 1 Insti
going to ti:.- metropolis, as at 1
KLEPTOMANIAC ARRESTED.
Student Who Stole Bicycles and Other
Articles.
PASADENA, Nov. M.. The City liar.
■Hal to-day arrested Lynn Edgar Bab
cock, h Throop student, who is evidently
a kleptomaniac i:\brock. who cornea
from Riverside, hns stolen bicycles from
bouse* and 1 hnrches and has left them
without apparent reason standhsi
curbs about town. His trunk was found
iille.l with electric bells and other fix
tur'«. Last nmht. while thf> family of
H. Parker of Madison avenue were at
church. Babcock entered through a win
dow and turned things upside down in
search of valuables, but got little of
value. After !■• ■:■ • i.t Edward of t
had called on him in jail to-day the young
student broke down and cried.
Bonds to Be Sold.
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. 20— The Poard
of Supervisors of Monterey County at its
eeting authorized ti • of ten
_ per (<nt refunding bonds of Pa
cific Grove school district, In accordance
with the result <>f the et nt election held
hire. The form of the bonds waa adopt
ed, and the Supervisors ordered the ne« es
sary advertisement and Bale. The ■
in issuing the bonds is to raise fun
school building and Improvements In this
district.
EASTERN RATES DISCUSSED.
PORTLAND. Nov. MX— Representattvea
BACK ACHE
y^^fg^ There are many causes for a lame back
E&^ x\ that the ordinary remedies rarely cure. Elec-
l* -J*!^- tricity, however, when properly applied, as it
to \\ l * by the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Beit, goes
gf iajgy^ right to the foundation of all weakness — tills
A Y^j tne nerves muscles, tissues and blood with
,-mfesv^L^ warm vitality. It warms them, strengthens
«<&sMk\ «^ s^^o them and cures the cause.no matter what it is.
/'^^^^^mfe Dr. McLaughlin 1 *
WmwKm Electric Belt
*%^ • ''-At' Doctors admit that electricity is the remedy
W^^M^^^^^^oJ °f to-day. 1 guarantee my Electric Belt to be
M^mK^^^^S^M the best'body appliance on earth on a bond of
M- fe^^^^^Pi^ £$000. 1 know how to apply it, having de-
; \iWS^^^^^^^^^i voted twenty year? of my life to the study of
. / ' % the subject. My belt is made "to cure not
;v; v- '////^l simply "to sell." It gives a current which you
\V- \ % m M can feel as s^ ron S as you want it, but does not
W9WM¥^WMw!im\ burn nor blister. My belt his my special
"^^^M^m/S//f WJW'A cushion electrodes and a perfect regulator.
' ; !^f if iwwMk Wll&l Don't buy a cheap, shoddy electric belt. The
V^^^[iii 'W \ I best is none to ° & oocl ' or a man no wants
'^^BSaW • -fife a cure - My Electric Bel < will cure you and
'^SlS^lSffiw is worth ten times its cost.
?!> / il' i ''jl T ' 'i a * and test jt * ree or send or m y beau -
• Ml'll'M A ''■*•' 1 tifully illustrated book free.
STFNT. Tuolumne OOOBty, Cat WOT. U. V9s.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin— Dear Sir: I purchased one of your Electric Belts, having suffered froni lumbaK ■ for fifteen
years. Latterly I became much worse and applied medical treatment, using plasters, liniments, etc.. but with no *cl»«*f.
After one week's use of your Belt I felt decidedly better, and in two weeks was entirely cured, and am to-day In per'ect
health. I can honestly recommend your Belt to all sufferers. D. 11. HOLT.
OR M A MrIAUfiHLIN "WSStfass*' -^ i a=» ar-
Ulll 111 l 111 IflUkrlUMllLalllY Cor Spring and Beeaad, Loi Angilas- NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
DIL^KILMERS SWAMP BOOT.
DON'T NEGLECT
YOUR KIDNEYS.
They Are the Most Important Or-
gans of the Body.
To Test for Yourself the Wonderful Curative Properties of
Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Every Reader
of the "Call"' May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
I
1 f_fef r— -^
a/ 8^fe i I fcf *» ; n
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suasect I'..
Is that great human engine, whlcb
decides the health of evtiy in. in and
woman, working properly?
An- symptoms like the following star-
ing you In the f.-irp every day?
Weak, sluttish circulation.
Puffy or dark circles under the
Huiidw, yellow, unhealthy complexion.
Urine cloudy, milk-Iik.- or etringy;
dirk In color or offenst?
Painful, scalding sensation In pass.
Ing it.
;. heavy headaches, dizzy,
feeling, faint spells, irregular hMit.
Obliged! to go often during the day.
and to get up many times at night.
Pain or dull ache in the back.
Feeling of oppression and apprehen-
sion.
>-sp. Irritable and hnrd to please.
All fagged out. run down, sk- ;
nights and discournp.il.
If you have any of th»s#» symptoms,
take the advi<e of orif \\h<> h:is t:.
life study of Just su< h dis- as •«» and
look welJ to your »ell, b--caus.- yon
t tronbi •.
If ><>ur urin • v. li-n allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottl- f.,r
twenty-four hours forms a s» din; |
■ettllng <»r has a riomiy appearance, it
is evidence thai jronr kldneyi
mediate attention.
Bright's : ■• hi^h Is •:
more human liv.s thnn any oUm I
• may "•' stealing upon |
The symptoms you have notice I
the danger signals nature s.-ts to show
that the track of health is not i
Taki- Swamp-Itni.t, the famous new
discow-ry, whose fame is l»incr herald-
Of the Northern Pacific, Great Northern.
('anadirm Padflc, Oregon Railroad
Navigation Company and the Southern
met In this city to-day for the
purpose of adjusting passenger
from Puget Bound points to tho K.i-u
W. IT. EiurlDurt, general passenger agent
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
ed by grateful men and women. «ave<l
from untimely graves by its Immediate
and marvelous power over diseases of
the kidneys and bladder.
Especially in cases of Bright' s diseaM
Is Swamp-Root winning new friend*
every hour.
Swamp-Root succeeds because 't
cures.
Every man ami woman, no matter
how healthy ami vigorous, would profit
by taking Swamp-Root rvry now and
then as a preventive, and thus abso-
lutely forestall kidney and bladder
troubles.
Swamp-Root la the triumphant dli-
covery of the eminent kidney ppeclal-
ist. Dr. Kilmer, and Is used In the lead-
ing hospitals: recommended by skillful
physicians in their private practice,
and is taken by doctors themselves ■ v o
have kidney ailments, because they rec-
opnize in it th>* preatest and most suc-
cessful remedy that medical science has
ever been able to compound.
If you have Ih* slichtest symptom r.f
kidney or bladder trouble, or If there Is
a trace of It in your family history,
send nt on« to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blmr-
hamton. N. v.. who will gladly }»en<l
you free by mall Immediately, without
cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp.
Root and a book of wonderful Swamp-
Root testimonials. Be sure to say that
you read this ponerous offer in the San
Francisco Dally Call.
Swamp-Root Is for sale the world
over at drosjaista In bottles of two sizes
and two prices — fifty cents and one dol-
lar. Remember the name, Swamp-
Root, and the address, Blnghamton,
N. V.
Company, was chosen chairman of the
meeting.
For several weeks passenger rates from
Puget Sound have be»-n demoralized ami
brokers have sold tickets to Chicago for
yj3. At the meeting to-day a general dis
cussion of rates took place, but no con
clusion was reacheil and the meeting a 1.
Jouroed until to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock.
56
TUESDAY NOVEMBER sw, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEA! Manager.
111 I. i 1 l«.\ mi | ( B. . .M.irkt-l and Third, 9. F.
I «•■« i.li.iiic "ilnln is«ls.
BnrrOBIAIi ROOMS 217 to 221 «.tr» »-ii»..u It
1• I' 1. .1..- Main JS74.
DeMrered bjr Carrier*. IT. Onta IVr Work.
Single Copies, .-, 1 mm.
Term* liv Mall. liifiuiiiiiic r«%tuG.ri
DAILY • .11 .1... liullnn v,, .|n> .. .in. >«nr..»n.(W
DULY CAIX (Inrludlnu Sninlnj 1. <: 11101. 1 . . •< ""
11 ill. V CALL (liicitidlnc SandarK :: month*.. 1.5'»
DULY I til —U , „ , ,,  . Month «.%e
M M»AY < ILL One Year »-™
«Ki:HLV CALL One Year l.'M>
All pip<iini»iri> nre ntithorlcrd to receive
ftntiftcrltitlonN.
Sample coplen will be tlimiici when reqnented
O IKLAXD OFFICE 00% ll roadway
C «.l ■.»{! KROGXESS,
Manaffcr Fnrrlsrn * » .-rt l« -i c. Mnrqnette Ilnlld
it>sr> Chlcnflro.
M '■ > mi', i URRI Ml! NT:
C, C. CARLTOS Herald sqnnre
M:\V YORK UCPIIESEVTATIVEI
rKHRY LI Ki;>S m "- • Tribune llniMtni;
WASIIIXCTOK <1». C.) OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. L. BXGLISIL ■ piinili-nl.
MM ■» « If nrrii 1> — m~ Montenmrrr street, cor
ner ( Iny. open mull Dt3O o'clock. 300 Hny«-«
• iroet. «jion until :»:::<» o'clock. <;;!•» McAllister
■ treet, open tintil !•:."•> o'clock. <;ir, l.nrU.ln
»lr«Tl, «»|ieti until »:::«! o'clock. 1941 llnlu
■ treet. open nnUI 14» o'clock. 1 .<»! Market
■treel. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.
H«»U Vnlrmln »lrci-t, open unlll »♦ o'cloclc
I<hi Eleventh Ktreei, open until I) <••<•!.
>\V. corner Tnentr-nrrnnd «nil Kentucky
r. «■»■. open mull !» o'clock.
AMUSEL!
Orjibeum— Vauflei-llle.
<" himMa- "Why Ssilth Lad ism.**
Tlvcll— "CthV.liv"
California— "V<.n Tonnnn."
Granfl Optra House— "ETan«;e.l!n«."
Alcazar— "My Kriend Fro:n India."
Alhaabra— "In Old Kestucky."
Chutes. Ztoo and Theater— Vaudeville everj- aXterucoa ajiil
•rer.tnr.
Clyajpla, crt-aer Mason aafl El'.ls streets— FpeclalUes.
Central Park— Sttx'plechaae and r-crfortnar.ees.
Panorama liault of Manila Bay. Market street, near
ni£h:h.
Oak'.xr.d lUrftrnrk— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
» .I*y. at 31 c-c:ock. Hcr»M. Mi
y ■■:-.:.
The LEASE OF GRAZING LANDo.
THE results of the water storage convention in
this city have fairly combined the two ques
tions of leasing the grazing land of the public
domain and storage of flood waters.
■
■
com
■
;-.t Us
■
•itrol.
The way to avoid it, indeed, the way to avoid the
prospect that ii may be done and in that prospect de
feat the .leasing policy in Congress, is by providing
in the bill submitted lor enactment absolute safe
guards apain't such a contingency. These will be
found in limiting the amount of land that may be
leased to one individual or one corporation and safe
guarding the leases against subletting and against
ciTihination between leaseholders. There may be
established a unit of area, say of twenty sections to
one individual or one corporation or one partnership.
This unit will find a few cattle-owners already using
this domain with more stock than it will feed. The
element of flexibility to accommodate such a situa
tion and protect such owners against what would
really be a forced sale, and therefore a sacrifice of
their stock, may be found in providing that in such
cases the brand book and other evidences of the
number of the herd shall be taken and the unit
be extended by the Secretary of the Interior. We put
the unit at twenty sections merely for illustration. It
may be found necessary to enlarge or reduce it, but
a unit should be fixed, subject only to modification
in the cases suggested. The West requires restora
tion of these ranges, but it also needs that such res
toration shall imply also an increase of population.
In other respects these leases should provide ccrtaiu
official oversight. The bunch and gramma grasses
are annuals. They are the most valuable forage of
the ranges. Their valuable property is that they be
come hay standing on the ground and a very nutri
tious dry food. When they are consumed green they
drop no seed for the next year's crop. If permitted
to dry their seed is ripened, and in browsing the stock
thrashes out the seed, tramps it into the ground and
it germinates the next anr.ual crop. The ranges have
been overstockrd. The reed of the stock for food
has compelled it to gnaw the green grass to the
roots, no seed has ripened and the ranges have be
come barren. By this process, too, the ranges have
become increasingly arid. The former abundant
clothing of herbage conserved the rainfall from im
mediate evaporation, it went into the ground and
served as a solvent for plant food, thereby increasing
every year the annual crop of these rich grasses!
Nature worked through the agency of the herds of
buffaloes on the Kocky Mountain ranges to preserve
these grasses. The herds passed northward on their
;mm:al migration, grazing hastily as they passed and
leaving untouched grass to seed for the next crop.
On their return southward the grasses were dry, the
seed ripe and in graring the hay they sowed the seed
and trampled it in. In this way, with no limit to
their increase except the Indian demand upon them
for their meat and hides, the buffaloes always had
abundant food, and when they were exterminated
they left the ranges rich in grasses, to be the means
of that meteoric rise in the range cattle business
which made Wyoming the greatest stock region in
the Union. But the Wyoming cattlemen, like their
kind everywhere, made no study of the means of
keeping their ranges fertile and now they are prac
tically barren.
It that the Government must enforce
r the lnv. - F 4 tore on the part
•ndo the mischici already wrought
.iorancc and greed.
SENATORIAL CHANGES.
THE prolonged illness of Senator-elect Hay
. ;i Republican, makes it cer
;il be unable to take his seat, and
he w; c until the meeting of Con-
P vnter, the Populist Governor.
' will . probably Mr.
. The . ' c seated under the Sena
nts, for the vacancy will have occurred
g the recess of the State Legislature.
it stands the Republican
in hand to keep an eye on its strength in the
te, for Senates outlive executive administrations
by two years I • majorities by four years.
lie nth public sentiment of the
.in California is of importance,
ng to a two-thirds in the Senate, and
rtance when regarded in the light of
• upon the vote of this State next
have already given our view of the local
: n. An unpopular appointment made by the
whether I nee is seated or not, or
■'in m ■ choice made by the Legislature in
don left open to be im
• 1 among the issues of next year's campaign,
-ye awe . :t'ect upon the party in 1900.
No one has controverted this position nor travr -
- ' :it to prove it wrong. We think it ex
tnmon judgment of the rank and file of
the party, and that it receives the assent of the rival
up in behalf of candidates
■lent or election or continued candi
wc predi
The Republican party proved itself unable to carry
to itself the credit which will
' the city gov
ernment under the new charter. We desire to warn
■ liich made its local victorj
potent in the State,
it either of the three things happen which we have
ted out as elements of party weakness in the
Sen:. 1 ition. If the party be forced into an
Miion on that question that is unpopular
at projec ue on which the city was lost
ir.to State politics, the State becomes very doubtful.
If, on the other hand, it present a covert and
ter attitude, lacking in -md frankness,
against a Democratic declaration in favor of Mayor
Phelan, the same issue will be rampant all over the
md will be harder to resist than it was in this
city.
We state the situation from a perfect knowledge of
■ that the Republican party shall
Bf every weakening influence and enter the fight
Th :hat should commend itself to
-ident to the voters
tie of 1900 must l>e entered as
• D equal enemy or it may
mtage ;'ur
-• upon the judgment of
ies are not won in
:i or artifice.
■ ipers frankly admit tint
r the party were merely
it accessions to the
nal strength. While that
may arise any
wkere that will it.
fin ■ v the Legislature can eliminate
every element • rooted in the Senatorial
party has no other element of
rnia, The legislative leaders will
■ ' ' ' ' I that
the party and not to
sue i> in their hands cxclu
•l be promptly
re in contact with the people and
they not to 1 ike any snap judg
ment tentative of the will if they de
and farther personal h<
.
the State should not be
: ■ iews. What we m..
" ' ed, but no
one can antagonize the motive fnr it.
We declare plainly that next year there must be
intment nor a
vacancy to be an i^uc in the cam
e party study the n developed by the
i'rancisco and be wi-c.
MUDDLING THROUGH IT.
LiEBERY in a recent address at
. ■< undertook to ray something of
. ! encouragement concerning the war
nutted that things arc going
ht; "but,"
;hat in th< . war or a con
iile campaign with considerable eventualities
we n n for incidents of this kind. I do not
think it is in the nature of Britons to take much
things of this kind. We are accus
.; wo have had many of them, and
enerally muddle out right in the end. But, what
ever happens, there can be no mistake about this —
we have | this thing through. It may cost
us more battalions than we have lost, it may cost the
of more officers and men, and will cost us more
than we 1 may cost us millions we
Hut there is one thing certain —
we mean to see this thing through. '
Rotebery was at lea^t candid and few will ques
tion the accuracy of his statement (ireat Britain
herself into the war and will doubt
less muddle through it. All reports agree that the
I>!e is determined to
in South Africa, no
c cost may be. The famous jingo
lares, "We have the ships, wt have the
men, we have the money, too." Nothing is said vz
the ton] • brains or genius. The whole senti
ment of the piece is a reliance upon money, men and
■hipt, and a certain dogged confidence in an ability
to nn: ! Aih any <ji:arrel that comes.
• ble layings <>f the Duke of Wel
e to the effect that he never became
t when he found he had committed a
blunder and got his army into a bad position, because
he could always rely upon his men to right their way
Many a British general and statesman has had
reason to make a similar assertion. At this very
time the Salisbury Ministry doubtless relies more
the mere brute fighting force of the empire to
*:lties in South Africa than upon
anything i ■ ' White may be brave and
r may be enerpeti-. but affer all the forces
ers will be the bull strength
idty of the nation.
The menace to the British lay in the possibility
that General White's army might be overwhelmed in
the first fierce rush of the enemy. Had the Boers
rce to that end and contented
themselves with merely g the British garri
*on<- ng and Kimberley. while sending
nearly their whole army 'agp.in^t Ladysmith, they
might have won a victory that would have encour
isj :hc Dutch in every part of South Africa to rise
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1899.
and strike for freedom. It appears, however,
they underrated the British about as much as the
British underrated them, and undertook to capture
the three cities at once. As the situation stands now
the advantage is with the British and is increasing on
that side every day. Buller may soon be able to re
lieve Ladysmith and then at his leisure prepare for
an advance upon Pretoria. He has the men and his
Government at home has the means of furnishing
more if he needs them. As Rosebery said, the war
may cost many millions more than statesmen dream
of, but of the end there can be little doubt. The
British will muddle through it.
rROM the annual report of Mr. Chamberlain,
Commissioner of Navigation, it appears that
there lias been a striking contrast between the
progress made in the development of our coast trade
and inland water shipping and the lack of progress
in the upbuilding of our merchant marine engaged
in foreign trade. For the one class of shipping there
has been protection, and as a result it has prospered
or industries during the past year, but our ocean
vessels have been left to compete unaided against the
subsidized essels and as a consequence our
ocean trade is in the hands of the foreigner.
According to the report the tonnage operating
under our coasting laws, 21,397 vessels of 4,015 >jj
gross tons, is the largest in our history and greater
than the 1 I innage of any other nation. Our
2476,011 tons, for the first time ex
ceeds the torn of all other craft In the rest of
the world steam tonnage eleven years ago exceeded
sail tonnage. Our tonnage rc^terd for foreign
trade, however, remains small, and I American
vessels carried a fraction less than 0 per cent of our
exports and imports, the smallest percentage in our
history.
From the statistics cited it appears the world's sen
going sail tonnage in the past quarter of a century
has decreased from 14,185,836 tons to - tons,
a decrease of 40 per cent The decrease in the United
- has been at the average rate. The world's sea
going tonnage in the same period has increased from
4..U'{>.iO3 tons to 18,887,132 tons, or 306 per cent. The
phenomenal increases have been Norway's 1400 per
cent and Germany's nearly 700 per cent. The increase
of the United States has been only 68 per cent, and
the increase of American steam tonnage registered
for foreign trade on Atlantic and Gulf coasts has been
only 38 per cent.
Ihe fact that the tonnage engaged in coasting
trafnc is the largest in our history is a proof that
there is no lack of energy in American shipbuilding,
and the further fact that in substituting steam for
sailing vessels we have kept pace with the rest of the
world is an evidence that our energy is not unenlight
ened - I* 're. clear that our failure to ad
vance as rapidly as other nations in the extension and
in-rease of our ocean marine must be due to some
thing else than a lack of energy or industrial skill.
N«T do we have to look far to find the reason.
The report show? that last year the leading nations of
Europe together with Japan expended over $26,000,
°°° ' te their merchant shipping, while the
•es expended only fgg&ail.
lit of the wisdom of European nations in
ling up their shipping while we have neglected
OOrs the United States within the last twenty years
have dropped from the second place next to Greit
Britain t<> fourth position, below Germany and
France, and, if steamships in forei-n trade alone are
considered, below Norway and Spain and only
slightly ahead of Japan.
1 a any stronger argument for a comprehensive
shipping bill be made than is furnished by that |]
It is bad enough to know that oi our foreign
trade less than 0 per cent is carried in our own ships,
but it is worse to be reminded that our great republic
with its v.-i«t commerce, its frontage on the two
mighty oceans of the globe, has a smaller ocenn
- steam tonnage than Norway or Spain and but
little more than Japan. Surely it is time to rouse ir>.
1 for the promotion of American sin
is a necessity of the time.
C CONSIDERABLE attention was given a few
months ago to the decision by a Unti-h court
that Lord Rosebery had do ri^ht to republish
without permission a report oi a speech made by him
but published and copyrighted by the London Times.
It is, therefore, worth noting that the decision has
been reversed by (he Court of Appeal. The em!,
however, is not yet in sight, for the Times has ar
ed [or an appeal to the House of Lords in the
tation that the original decision will be up-
The case is one of more than ordinary interest be
the complexity of the questions involved
and the far-reaching effect which a decision either
uiil have upon the whole copyright law. It will
tnembered th.it Rosebery, when preparing for
publication a volume of his speeches and addresses
included among them several which had been report
ed and printed in the Times. The claim was made by
the Times that these reports were its own. Rosebery
had uttered the words, but he had not written them
out, revised them, cast them in literary form nor per
formed any of the other work upon them which
fated them for publication. Therefore it was argue 1
by the Times that Rosebery had no right to the
speeches as printed. They were the property of the
reporter who had written them down and sold them
to the Times. That view of the case was taken by the
Judge whose decision has just been reversed, and
judgment was accordingly given against Rosebery.
From the brief reports which have come to us it
appears that the ground on which the appeal was
iied was that the original decision reduced the
right law to an absurdity. It was pointed out
that if sustained it would place every lecturer and
speaker in Great Britain wholly at the mercy of
stenographers. A reporter would only have to write
out a report of a speech or a sermon, copyright it
and get it printed in some form, to have an exclusive
property in it against the man who had spoken it.
The Master of the Rolls is reported to have said
the plaintiff was asking the court "to turn the copy
right law which was created for the benefit of authors
into an act for the benefit of reporters." When the
counsel for the Times said that he simply relied upon
the same argument as that which established copy
right in the judgments i ■ . an<l reminded the
Master of the Rolls that it "would be a serious thing"
if there were no copyright in the judgments of the
law reports, the Judge rather gruffly said, "I do not
agree that the Times reporter is the author of my
judgments!"
Thus the famous case stands at present. It will be
, for the Lords to determine finally whether property
! in a speech belongs to the man who composes it and
speaks it or to him who first puts it in written form
and publishes it. It is n contest between the author
and the reporter, v.ith the publisher standing by to
see from which he will have to snatch the bone aftc
, the fight is over.
OUR SHIPPING INTERESTS.
COPYRIGHT_IN__REPORTING
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. C. Shaw, an Influential attorney of
Raymond. Is a guest at the Russ.
B. F. Shepard has come up from his
home In Fresno and Is at the Grand.
B. W. Ncttleton, one of the leading mer
chants of Los Angeles, Is a guest at the
Palace.
James McCudden. the Vallejo contract
or, is one of the arrivals of yesterday at
the Giand.
Robert Halstead. a wealthy planter of
Honolulu, is among the recent arrivals at
the r.ilifornia.
J. Elliott, a prosperous mining man of
:. H. < . l« registered for a short
stay at th* 1 Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs I>;ivld Starr J >rdan came
up from Stanford ysetsrday aad regis
■•.••■ I -i'lcntal.
J. and If. Strand, two wealthy mer
chants rif N-w Esalaad, are at th»
dental on th<ir way home.
John L. Tlandley. a well-known business
man and mine owner of Denver, Colo., Is
at the I'alace for a few days.
J. J. Iforejr, a banker and capitalist of
■\Vatsonvllle, Is registered at the Grand
while on a short bupinefes trip to this city.
Carl K. Lindsey, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is among the recent arrivals
at the Grand. Ho Is on a short vacation,
which he is spending in this city.
G. B. Reynolds, who Is connected with
the purchasing department of the South
ern Pacific, is at the Lick, wher<j he reg
istered last night from San Mateo.
Reize Sano, a wealthy and Influential
Japanese merchant. Is at the Occidental.
He arrived yesterday from the Kast and
is on his way to his Oriental home.
Mrs. John Vance Cheney, wife of the
f.imous writer and poet, Is at the Palace
on a short visit of pleasure to the city.
She arrived yesterday accompanied by her
daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Gilbert, two prom
inent society people of Los Angeles, are at
the Occidental, where they will remain
during the few days they will be in this
city.
J. Trancif, general passenger agent of
the Burlington and Missouri River Rall
road, Is among the arrivals oi
at the t'alace. He is registered from his
home in Omaha.
Dick May of Sacramento left on tho
transport St. Paul tor the Philippines, li
eu red an important position on the
vessel and yesterday started on his initial
voyage as a Government em]
J. C. StubbE, \V. V. •Hrrin and William
Sproule of the Southern Paciilc Company
arrived back from their recent trip to St.
Loui* on the overland last night. The
train, as usual, was many hours late and
they did not get to their bonus until long
after midnight.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30.— John D.
Bpreckela of San Francisco Is at the
bain; Representative I^oud Is at the
Albany. I'ongremjma.n-t'leet Nesdham of
Modesto returned to-day from attending
the funeral <<( Representative Settle.
Thanked for Welcoming the
Tennesseeans.
Nashville American.
To our friends In San Francisco who
gave our soldiers so whole-souled a greet.
Ing the kindest thanks of Tennesseeans
are extended, and their appreciation of
the services rendered by the gallant sons
of the Volunteer State will never be for
gotten. Our "boys" are far from home.
They have just landed from a long sea
voyage, they bring with them testimonials
of valiant service In behalf of the United
States, and the glorious greeting accorded
them by the people of San Francisco has
touched the sympathetic heart of every
patriotic Tonne an, Representing ,he
South, the sons of Tennessee In far dis
tant lands added glories to the records of
the Southern soldier, and their patriotic
reception on the Pacific slope adds
strength to the ties binding together the
Union.
■ » ■
Value of The Call's "Home Study
Circle."
Monitor.
Nothing could emphasize the value of
The Call's admirable "Home Study rir
inore than the cordial indorsement
which It has received at the hands of em
inent clenjymen, educators and public of
ficials interested In the subject of popular
education. The Call's system Is cleverly
arranged and presents an attractive group
of courses, each one of which Is dinctfd
by a Dumber ttf the foremost specialists In
America in th«- particular branch of •■:il
turo to which it relates. The publication
Of this series of fdur.itlonal articles will
]irnv<; an invaluable benefit to those who
avail themselves of the opportunity which
it presents.
A Prophecy Near at Hand.
Fresno Democrat
A dispatch from Southampton an
nounces that Signor Marconi suecopderi in
communicating the arrival of the St. i'.uil,
OH which In- was a ptsMßgir, i>y mean?
of trtreteN telegraphy, while the rtMtll
was still forty-five miles from shore; th.it
is. out of sight. As the science of wire
less telegraphy Is absolutely In its in
fancy, there is something of a fultlllable
prophecy in the Shakespearean utterance,
THE MAN WHERE IS HE?
put Into the mouth of Ariel. th« airy
spirit— "l'll put a girdle round the earth
in forty minute*."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CENTURY— J. 8. L., City. For answer
relative to century see this department
in The Call of October 22, current year.
GOES "WITH THE DECISION— W. W..
City. If the bet goes that "Jeffries would
lick Sharkey," the bet goes with the de
cision, which was in favor of Jeffries.
FRENCH PAPERS- A. C. R..Palo Alto.
Cal. There are published In San Francisco
in the French language Le Franco-Callfor
nlen, Le Petit Californien, and Le Releve
ment.
CITY CIVIL SERVICE- A. O. C. Eld
ridge, Cal. For the list of offices of the
city government Included In the civil ser
vice list under the new charter for San
Francisco see Answers to Correspondents
November 12, i>99.
GENERAL 6HAFTER-J. J. 8., City.
At the time that the Spanish-American
war broke out William R. Shafter, U. B.
A., was a brigadier general. in command
of the Department of California. In May,
ISM, he was commissioned major general
of volunteers.
TOO INDEFINITE -N. N .. Santa Clara,
Cal. The question. "What Is there to pre
vent the confiscation of property by an
unprincipled majority?" Is too Indefinite
to admit of an answer. The correspond
ent should state facts, so as to enable one
to determine what property and what un
principled majority is meant.
MARRIAGE ANNOUNCEMENT—
scriber, City. When you receive an an
nouncement of a wedding you should
acknowledge the same In a letter of con-
BTatUlatlon. If the announcement is In
the form of an Invitation to attend the
wedding, then it would be in order for you
to Bend a wedding present.
MUSTERING PLACES— A. S.. City.
There Is no record In this city showing:
the mustering places of the United States
volunteer regiments, First to Thirty
piphth. Such a list can be furnished iv
the War Department. That department
can also furnish the dates of the depart
ure of the several regiments.
ALBUQUERQUE— W. C. City. R. M.
Hardlnge, observer and section director
of the climate and crop service of the {
United States Weather Bureau. Nt w
Mexico section, has kindly .furnished the
following Information as to questions
asked about Albuquerque: The average
snowfall at that place is about twenty
inches. As a rule it disappears rapidly
after falling. The total precipitation nt
that place for 15-06 was 7.2 inches; for l& f 7,
9.74 inches, and for l»08, 6.33.
BOTH CORRECT— W., Oakland. Gal If
your correspondent wrote "the price was
60 cents, but on account of Friday's .mil
Saturday** heavy sales he could not fur
nish black nor white." and referred to
why an order had not been filled, th* cor
respondent was right. If he meant to
convey the Information that a party will
not De able to Mil the order, he would
use the following form: "The price I* 50
cents, but on account of Friday's and S.it
urday's heavy salts he cannot furnish
black nor white."
ENGAGEMENT RING— A Subscriber,
Martinez. Generally speaking, the con
ventional engagement ring is a diamond
one, but if diamonds cannot be afforded
a cheaper gem answers the same purpose.
Some choose an an engagement ring the
gem of the month In which the engagement
is made. There is no prescribed form for
the engagement ring, nor is there any
prescribed size for It. The setting may
be such as the fancy of the donator or the
wearer may be. ana as to cost of such a
ring, that is regulated by the liberality of
the one who purchases It.
LETTERS— 11. J. Lynch. California. If
you sent a registered letter last August
to a relative in a foreign country, you
should by the date of your letter have re
ceived ■ return receipt, which would show
you who received the letter. If you have
not received any such receipt make com
plaint to the Postmaster of the place in
which the letter was registered, and an
Inquiry will be set a-foo€ Or you might
write to the United States Consul at the
place when your relative lives, and he
will ascertain if she received the letter
you sent her.
LIMITED RESTRICTION ON TRADE
V VallejM. r.ii. If a man sells a busi
ness anil agro.-s not to engage in similar
buelneM Iti th»- same place during a ;
of six months, raen ■ contract is valid
in law in this State. BectSoo MM of the
Civil Code Of California says: •i»ne who
mIIs the K'«>'\ will of a business may
agree with tho bu>iT to refrain fn.m car
rying on a nlmilnr business within i
Ity, county, or part thereof, go l,. n g
as the buyer or any person deriving title
to the good will from him. carries on a
like business therein."
THE FIRST THEATER— A M. c,, v .
There is a record of an amateur thentrlc.ti
company having performed in N. v,
in 1750, but the first regular tb<
company to perform In America was me
that came from England in 1702. under tn«*
management Of one Mailman. It landed
at York. Va.. and after obtaining p.mis
sion from Governor IHnwl'ldle rent. 1 ..
public hall In WUUamsburg. Va., and
there performed. The tlrst performance
was on Saturday. September 5 mid
ptember i« (new style), 1751 Tr-e
company a few months later went •
napolls, Md., and played In the firs;
lar theater ever built ii. America.
VAUDEVILLE — Subscriber. City
"Vaudeville" was the name given l
iver BasFelln. a French poet of the fif
teenth century, to hi* convivial songs
composed in the valley 'if the Vlr»» In
Normandy, which became very popular In
France. In modern French poetry It is
applied to a light, gay song, frequently
embodying a satire, consisting <<t m
couplet*, with a refrain or burden, turn;
to a familiar air and often intr
theatrical pieces. It |j also appll? :
light kind of dramatic entertainment.
romMnln* pantomime with dialogue and
songs, which wn 1 | ilar In t!
die -.f th> HKhN-fnth century. At present
It Is applied to any short, light ptec
songs and danr.s Intermingled with tha
dlalog-ue. also to a combination of num
bers of specialties.
TOWN AND CITT-S.. City. "Town
is from the Anglo-Saxon "tun." an m
closure. a garden Inclosed by n hedge or
a collection of houses Inclosed by a waiL
Its customary usage in England. denottnc
a collection of houses. or a hamlet. be
tween a village or a city, or In Its stricter
legal or civil meaning denoting a civil cor
poration of larger territory, which mlffht
include a village or a city, are bomewlmt
foreign to the use of the word and 'ho
civil and territorial subdivisions wnlch It
Bignlfles in this country. Its first us«
hero was to define the original or primary
civil or gowmmental organizations ofti.V*
early rolonUts of New Kngland. rh->
word ha» become generic, comprehending
the several epectea of cities, burroughs
and common towns. A city is a town in
corporated and a "town" may Include a
city. In Now England and New York
towns are th«» political units of terrltorv
into which the county is subdivided nn<l
answers politically to parishes and hun
dreds In England, but are vtated with
greater powers of local government. In
Maryland and most .if the Southern
States "town" Is used In a broad sens*
jo as to Include all collections of house*
from a village to a city. City may In
clude a town. City Is applied to an In
corporated town or burrough. The n«m«
is also applied to a municipal corporat'on
of the larger class, with powers of »rov
*rnm*nt confided In officers who aro
usually elected by popular vote.
Cal. (lace fruit 50c per 1b at Towns
Tour name in rold letters free of chare*
on all leather Roods at Sanbora A Tail's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
bualneia houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 51 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 100. •
Eastern Star Installation.
This evening there will b*> in CmH»n
Gate Upper Hall the first lnstallat
thn onVer« of Olive Branch ■
the order of the Eastern Star. Th. .
»>•««" - r "ng. will be the In
stalling officer.
Beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains.
If you are goln* to New York a treat I* In
store for you If you take ism Lockawanna Rail
road. This line offers the moat beautiful scrnery
of any of the irreat trunk lines of the East,
traversing the beautiful agricultural region* of
Western New York until It reaches the Busfju«
hanna River. beside which It runs for mile*
overlooking the beautiful valleys nestle! In
among the foothills of the niue Ridge Moun
tains. Next Is reached the valley of the Dela
ware River, which the train* follow through
Delaware Water Gap. conceded to be one of
the moat picture spots In America, th
river and the railroad track fighting for th.
right of way through a great gap In the moun
tains cut by the ceasel»»a wathlng of th»
waters of the rlrer. For rnllon the track
curves In and about the Hlu#- nidice Mountain*
each successive turn presenting a picture neerrv
ln*ly more beautiful than the last. At Moun?
Pocono an altitude of 1300 feet Is reached, an I
from here on the train descends through th
mountalna and foothills almost t.» the edge of
th« Hudson River, the last hundred mllen hav
ing teen for the mom part beside the pictur
esque old Morris anrj E.«*ex canal
Nothing contribute* more IS dilution than
th« UN of Dr. Blegert'a Angostura flitters.
Don't accept an Imitation.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
HOOKS ANt> STATIONERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
S4l tn I*o Qsan : .reet Abovr P
PERIODICALS. B6OKB A.\:
COAL. COKP. AND PIO IHOX
J- C WILSON &CO *> 9 Battery Str-ef.
COPFEHS.MITH.
JOSEPH FOX. flupt. 11. BLTTHE Mcr.
C W SMITH Sh 'P Plumbtny. s- ; . ■■'■«•-
and II U»ihln ton st. Telephone Main iHt
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
JAS ROYFS RCO SMpptn* Butchers. 104
JAJ- PUIC3C \,\}., clay: Tel. Main KJt
FURS.
J N LOFST4D 14 X*"K *" m ' «■• "?«* iir * Li>ftt
IR^>f FOUNDERS.
WESTERN Forvnev Mo «"n * b*ut,
TTLJII.IW! rUUnUttl, IVops.. 34 Fremont
Jilt C«»tln B i of Every D«scrlptloa Ml t»
Order T«l. DUck UCS.
PAPRR DRALRR^.
WILI AMFTTF PULJ * AND vxrr.nrn.
If ILL.AJICI |C T:3 Mont*ornery *t.
PRI.NTI.NX
EC HUGHES, ni PRINTF.R. r.
• v- nuqiita. ■ 1 r.
STATIONER AND PRIKTBH.
T ":^ hlc PARTRIDGE M cc V t 'r^ u
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. it Its ORUEN
RIVKB vi l.i.i) ries Is the liest Coal la ta*
market. Olllc* and VarJa-i.J Main IUNk
aCOMMERCE LAW
ROARING FARCE
Stickney's Sensational
Statements.
Special Dlrratch to The Call.
■-.y of
mmiß
. . •.
• hear-
"1 tell you frankly tlu-?o published
freight rat-, s are not maintained by the
railroads ati>l cannot bo maintain**!. It
U an ltnpo*sibilltjr. The inttTbtute com
jaiirf ijw. us far as investigations and
correi-uox;» uio cunccnu-vl, la a. roaring
f:i) i ■ . '
A ff-r.sati.in was cre.nted, as the at ate
in.-nt r!ui!y ti»:iTradlrti« the statements of
mnri' than half a d'-zen railroad presl
di»i!t*. wn.i said puMished frcJcht ra.tcs
w«it- ;idhcrcd to strictly.
"I mm a horctic. but I know." sai.l Mr.
BUckov)*, hy way of introduction to hi»
arpuiiM-nts. "that Congress should keep
:t^ hands off the busln. «s affairs of the
Cpuntr>-. that th« p<iwcrs of the Interhtate
< ommerce Commfsston should not hv <-x-
T«i..i.il and that carryitip charges must
vary, ns d.i iiricos fur commodities in the
trade world on conditions."
On taking the oath Pj^sldrnt Stlrknoy
"li-im.M that h« w.i;t pflvitiK opinions
:•■••>. Th.« 'ju.-stion of is^uinn frve
i<-> »hs lakt-n ui\ The witness co-
: V' "",' . t wlth th<> *Icw that this practice
t-hoiild Ik« al.oli?l»<-d.
. 1
1 pajsm on :
you think 1?
1
■ '1 the
■ • Ie of the h ■:-'.r.e-<* done by
■!i«m Jlroctly hy tha rall-
"1 presume It Is," was the ready re-
Fpcins*.
"1 don't think pooling would have any
effect on holding rates stable" said Mr.
Stlckney. "In the first place, I do not b«>
llpve a pool could be formed, and In the
pecond plac<*. unless it embraced every
thing It would produce the results which
you K*<»k t<» prevent."
"Do you favor publicity of railroad af
fairs, an examination of books by Govern
ment expert*, as with banks?" Mr. Etlck-
Dew was asked.
"I am n;i;> ,**;\ to every principle of
<iovernment paternalism excepting super
•l^intr police authority. I would oblect to
• •■•v«*rr.mer.t Inspection of national barjk".
'iiivfrnmpnt Interference has wrecked
ni'Tc hanks than over went to pieces In
an* '■thc-r way. As to Government owner
ship. 1 bHiove^ that the Federal Govern
ment, if handling railroads, would make
the same limitation aßnlnst which private
tjwn<-rship has to contend."
NO DANGER OF SPREAD
OF BUBONIC PLAGUE
Precautionary Measures of New York
Health Officials Regarded aa
Effective.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20. The patient* re
rnovecl from the steamer J. V. Taylor
hufTVrlnir from bubonic plagu* are im
jTovir.g. I»r. niorr.medleu said to-day.
after a visit to them: "The patients are
doing as well as can be expected .and I
have every reason to Ix-lleve that all dan
ror of infection from them Is past. I s.iy
this beonu!** th« cultures made by Dr.
Fjtrpiiiri'k show a negative- result. No
trace of the germ of bubonic plague was
found. Thii Indicated that the disease
had run Us courts and that the germs
da rrnt exi.*t In t*i«* patients.*!
The holds of th<» steamer have been
subjected to th«» fumes of sulphur almost
< '!itlnu< usly since her arrival. Each
hat.hv.av lias n sh<vt or shaft to the b->t
:.im "f the h<"M for ventilation. It is ex
peeled t(:<' "Ulpher fumes will penetrate
through these ventilators and kill all ran
that may 1>«» In the* holds. The discharge
< f th*» '.iri;o ha* been delayed owing to
the Inability of the agents of the steamer
to mak.' the arrantroments required by
ih<» 'jiiiir.ir.tine officials.
W). :i the cargo Is discharged the holds
Mil be cleaned and washed down by a
solution o* bichloride of mercury. Then
itnr»th<r sulphur fum!ga'<on w-11l be given
:•< v.ill ih«- rats that may remain. Btemn
wl!l also t»e> used as a final remedy. The
crew will be HUbjected to a detention of
tiftocn day* for observation to comply
v.lih the rules f<Tmulate<J by the Federal
quarantine authorities.
TO PREVENT THE SALE
OF ADULTERATED FOOD
Dr. Fieear of Penrsylvanin Favors
the Ennctment ef a Rig-id
Law.
■
■
■
■
Dr. William Kreear, professor of agri
cultural chemistry nt State ColUge.
PernKVlv.iiiJa. and formerly chemist in
ih» Ix-partment of Agriculture, said h~
had found very few ruses of food adul
teration that could l>e considered Imme
diately •l<-]et< rious to health. Dr. Freear
»-aid he *AVor«-d a Federal laxv that should
make the pelllng of gocxJs under a ta:>«e
l*rand x»uni»hfible by ■ .... imprison
ment. Th<« witn«BF said he believed th«
Hro«lus vure-food ijjjl. as orlgira'.ly pre
vared. !f <r.r.cted. would he nf great bene-
Jlt anil ivou'l make the tra«le In adulter
ated fords difficult, if r.ot Impossible.
SEVEN JURORS SWORN.
Slow Progress Made in the Molin»ux
Murder Casf
NEW YORK. Nov. M.— ThreVmore VJr
rirs to try Holand B. Molinvux. who Is
charged with the mur«>r of Mrs. Kate
J. Adam*, were rejected to-day, making
f-evr-n in all. Tho*e accepted to-day were
I,yman S. Foster, a publisher; Malcolm
<J. Poster, a manufacturing chemist, und
Morris A. Braude, a manufacturer of
blank books. Mr. Onborne, for the prose
cution, anl Barton 8. Weeks, for the de
fense. *ald to-day after cour! adjourned
that th-'y bellevrd the full complement
r.f Jumrs would l>e selected this week ana
i, q<»wl start made in the hearing of the
trial.
RIOT IN GEORGIA.
Masked Mob Attempts to Carry
Away a Prisoner.
roviNOTON. Ga,. Nov. 20.-A masked
mob of about FC-vonty-flvo mer. attacked
the Jail luro at 11 o'clock to-nlKht In the
♦■flTort to >»-rijr« William Collins, a white
man. Sheriff And«TFon in defending the
rrisonor <jrd<;rc<l his dcputlon to fire on
the- mob. Tho cJT'Tt of the shooting Is not
known. Lut tho ShcrlJT KM.yt he ra.w one
man carried off by hi* companions. Col
lins Is chared with an attempted u»
fault on Miss Klrkus. who lives near the
I'ortcrdaJ*- mills, several miles from < "V-
Inßton. The mob was composed of mill
ojwratlvca.
♦
,
Sheep Slaughtered.
DENVER. Nov. I'D.— A special to the He
publicnn from Oraijr. Colo., says that last
•reck 2flW sheep btdnniring to the Geddes
Ph*«p Company were driven from V\ y
"mhiK 'nto Routt County to the rai.K<"
fony miles northwest of Oraij;. Last Sat
urday fifteen mafked men captured the
herders and then proceeded to kill the
entlr« flock. The herders were warred
! not to bring any more cheep into Colorado
land we.re released. These were the first
sheep that have he.:; brought Into ihia
section for several years.
MEXICANS AND YAQUI
INDIANS IN BATTLE
Braves Leave Fifteen Dead on the
Field and Their Wounded Are
Captured.
IYMAS, M«J " ■ - After the
engugerntsT N I between
Mexican tr«.. ;>s arid Ya.jul Indians at
Lagvna d. eral Lvi? Torras
under the 1 om
■ > Torres and
Colonel li. ■ htta-k them. Theac
■ ■ -.
The Ya»juls left fifteen dead on the
field and several wounded. who wero
taken prisoners. The Mexicans loft two
sergeants and two privates killed and
two privates ami an officer wounded.
On November 12 fifty Indians attacked
the town of Torln. the my head
liirirters. and were completely routed
by the citizens. General Torres routed
a detachment of rebels on November 16
between Polum and Cuesta Alta. Lieu
tennnt Colonel Alonzo Martinez and two
privates were wounded. .
It Is announced that Lieutenant Colonel
Francisco Guillen of the Fourth Bat
talion was killed while leading a charge
against the rebels.
OTTO BLUMER DEAD.
Was One of the Seven Survivors of
the Ore«ly Expedition.
s\ \ v n -Otto
rors of.
tic re
-
- froni the
military n this after-
THE ship Lord Calms 1* one of the smartest vessels that comes to thin port, and Captain J. Davles Is one
of the best known masters in the San Krancisco-rnited Kingdom trade. He paid his first visit to this port in
ISC3. when he was first mate of the ship Globe. Then he was chief officer of the Bwordflsb and left here to go back
to England to take command of the ship Bacchus. In this vessel he made the run from Singapore to San Francisco
In forty-nine days, the quickest on record. After making five rou«d trips hi the Bacchus Captain Davtei took the Lord
Cairns and ha* been in her seventeen years, all the time cumins to this port. During this time Captain Davies has made
eight trips t.. San Francisco in 114 days and eight trips back to England with wheat In 117 days. The Lord Cairns is
now loading wheat for Cork, and In a few days the captain will start on his thirtieth round trip.
■
Deroulede's Manifesto
PARIS. Nov. ML— The Senate High
Court examination of M. Di-roulede was
continued to-duy by his reading «'i mani
festo which he h»id Intended to use as ar
address to the people had he succeeded In
hi* attempt to lead troops to the Klysei-
Palace at the time of PreskU-r.t I»uh< t'>
election. In this manifesto M. Derouledi
repudiated any agreement between hh
league and the Royalists and ended with
unarming Ids love for the republic and fox
the fatherland.
New Grand Jury
SANTA 1 Hi /.
Bed 1 v. ith Hon. Tl
aa fort •
■ 1
TEN >'S FETED.
Visitors Fr in the South En-
teriainod by the State
Hed Cross.
Th*» State Ued Cross and tho mem
l»f-rs of the different women's clubs of
thin city tendered a reception yesterday
afternoon at the Century Club on Sutu-r
etroet to the ladles who came from Ten
nessee to t-xtend a welcome to the re
turning ?ol<Jl<»r lioyn of that Htat«*. The
affair was purely Informal ami its main
object was to bring tht; visitors nnd the
women of California clotscr together.
When the reception was first suggested
ih« arrangtm«"ntß were placed in th»>
hands of Mrs. S. A. O'NVil and Mrs. Me
(>urn of Al.un- .la and Mrs. 1. 1.. Requa
of Oakland. They called to tht-lr assist
ance Mrs. Clay and Mrs. Weinman of Al
nmodH, Mrs. Miller. Mrs. Newton, Miss
Hadliy. Ml.«s WVl.rr. Mr* Merrill. Mr.-.
Hadkr. Mrs. Frank. Mlsh Beaver, Mrs.
Dunbar, Mm. Everts, Mrs. W. 13. Har
rinKton. Mr*«. Carmany, Mrs. Moultun,
Mrs. J. 11. Dickinson and Miss Wallls.
The latter two w«-re In charge of the dec
orations of the reception hall and i»«t
formid th»tr part of the work with
marked taste.
There was no fixed programme for the
entertainmtnt of the *(■••• '- from the
S')Uth. A band from the Presidio fur
ni»hed music durinß the afternoon, while
the ladiep chatted nnd partook of the
dainty refreshments that had bv«-n pre
pared for them. There was an air of
Ktnulne heartiness and sincerity about
the whole thinK that could not hHp but
lmpre»» the Tennesseeann. The whole af
fair wan more like a fireside gathering
than a semi-public reception.
Much credit is due the ladles who had
the arratiK'-ments In charge for the com
plete success of their undertaking. The
decoration?, which called for much ad
miration, consisted <if streamers of red
hearts etrunp on rid ribbons and 1' I
tooned about the walls. There were also
a number of floral red crosses and a con
siderable display of .bunting. The Ten
nessee ladles were delighted with the
treatment they received.
Big Shipment of Halibut.
VANCOUVER, IV C, N
train carri* dto 1 I '• ■ ■ "k 75,
00 pounds of halibut from the m.rthtni
Weddln* !nvi' 1 visiting cards
in stationery departmeni a; Banborn &
Succeeds Father Hunt.
ni..\Nl>. N • r Hunt
has I' 'as paster of tlif»
n of th- H..i> : Father
.•. iMt.- of 0 Hey.
A Hot Lunch.
IV>n"t font" that Zlnkarula Is the bm plao«
In San Frar I :rvh. •
DIED.
HET.YEA- In this., city. November 11. 1593.
Jan.ru A Belyea," beloved 808 of James A.
an.l AKtien Belyea.. a native of San Francisco,
a**-'! 2 yearn and 3 month*.
C •'Notice of funeral hereafter.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBEB 21. 1599.
MONGOLIAN COOK
ON FALKENBURG
IS IN BAD LUCK
Refused a Landing by
Custom-House.
HIS CERTIFICATE ON WRECK
HE IS VERY SICK ABOARD THE
WALLA WALLA.
— •
An Interesting Letter From Snug
Harbor — Valuable Cargo of
Canned Goods for London
on Arthur Sewall.
The offic rs Ol .^.«t Steam
■hlp ' much dlaj
u\. r the traatau nt I b< >• . t r. 1 •
th»- hands of the cv
the matter of 01 tipwrecked cren
of tha Jane A. Falkenbttrg. Among th»
■ tn : •■• %v 1 k m
IConi 1 w.is
ih" of trousers and shin be was
I . iboard.
including his certll
•.tine. \\ :
.pt.iln lla'l for
~:inn the Chine
.s. The customs author!'
HOVE TO UNDER SHORT CANVAS.
the ri-sult !p that un
fortunate Ah Sinn is r.-fu
■ ■
Capi M ■ n of the •' me a Palken
■
the 1
-
I hln ■ pro
iilm
Purser Nuttma
. . . . •■ 1.. .n .-. \ . rai t'l..*'^
■ r the n. .
■
BO law gov
• 1 nil i the mat
refei ip and
Tho
; • ■ discussed '
■• m minutes and then a
l !y came In and •. ■! with her for
, an hour, leaving me to cool my heels (<ut-
■ 1 k'
and am ready I 1 make an affidavit to w.at
effect. Bui thai won't >!>..
1 ship
■ • waj
- . one of the
■
Mom ■ Rcatea
• . would n<> down
with the si n of thai st<
dlcament, wouldn't
he? In thli ir case 1 think the
the Government might do woald n.
to allow 'he poor < hlnese to v> to
;;•• another tr> tO-day aad
I
lector Jacki
The big American steel ship Arthur Se
»ail i> loaded tor lx>ndon and ready for
- • and moat
er taken
from tliis port. She has In in-r bold
rasfs of salmon, pea peara and aprl
cots, valu< d at ovei 3
MORE TROOPS AWAY
Continued from . c < . ood I'aa;e.
the Hancock, the remaining three com
panies. B, C and D. and two companies
of the Forty-third sailing on the City of
Puebla. The Duke of Fife and St. Paul
carried the Thlrty-elßhth Regiment be
tween them.
Colonel Anderson, the headquarters and
band of the Thirty-eighth went on th. St.
Paul. The remaining companies of the
Forty-third sailed from New York on the
transport Mendo last «•■< Only two
companies of that regiment were re
cruited out here.
There Were the usual crowds down at
the transport wharf during the day, but
there was very little excitement. None of
the soldiers were allowed outside the
gates and In consequence there was no |
corporal's guard rounding up the men at i
sailing time.
The transport Tartar has again come !
under unfavorable comment, this time '
from Mrs. Hrett. at whose residence at
the Presidio Mrs. Collins, the widow of I
Captain Charles Collins, died. Mrs. lirett |
declares thai while ■ passenger on the ,
Tartar and on her way home from Ma
nila, Mrs. Collins was shamefully neg- !
lected. and that this neglect was the dl- !
reel cause of her death. As in all such •
complaints, General Shaftei has detailed '
an otllcer. this time Major Gallagher, j
chief commissary, to gather the facts of
the case.
At the time Mrs. Collins arrived at the
Presidio It was stated that her mind was
unbalanced. She was known as ■ very I
sick woman, and her life ■••••. even then
despaired of. She was at Hongkong when
the Tartar arrived there on Its way home
and she took passage upon the transport
there. There are no provisions on board j
the transports for the ire of women In i
such health as Mrs. Collins then was. j
There are very few provisions for women .
on the transports In any case, and those j
who allowed Mrs. Collins to come homo .
on the Tartar must have understood that (
as well as any one here. She received
What care a woman will receive on a yes- j
s<l crowded with 1400 men, but that was .
all. Word from Manila at the time she
arrived described hex as being seriously I
if nnt langerously ill. and the mistake
was that a woman in nuch a condition
was ever allowed by friends or trans
port officers to come homo unalten ltd
ai.d on :i troopship.
There sre no changes in the reports
either from the smallpox detention camp
or from the Forty-eighth Regiment In
Quarantine at Angel island.
Th<- Forty-ninth Infantry will get in to
day. The Brst section of the regimental
train reached this city last eveulng but
it remained on the cars all night. This
Is the last volunteer organization to come
to the Presidio.
Leave of absence for one month, with
permission to apply for an extension of
one month, has been granted to Captain
Frank Greene, signal officer on th
of Qeneral Shatter. During Captain
Greene's absence his duties win be dls
charged by Lieutenant Wilson, General
Shafters aid.
(irders directing Second Lieutenant
James F. McKlnley of the Sixth cavalry
have been revoked, and he has bt ■
signed to duty with the Fortieth Infan
try, which will leave for the Islands
**.iil:u< another week. Lieutenant McKln
ley is .(. stined for duty on the of
Qeneral Young, now in th..- philippii
ad Lieutenant Louis s. D. Rucker
of the Blxteenth Enfattcry tins bee
signed to temporars with the re
1 ruirs at thi r • rtdio, pending his .
to Manila.
irts-martial have been busy in the
Thirty-eighth and Fortieth r.'glmont.v
Th. -.I.' - ' the Thirty-eighth')*
court-martial were as follows:
Corporal Edwin B. Campbell. Company
A. found guilty of drunkenness, disorderly
conduct and of using threatening and In-
Bultlng language to s non-commissioned
officer in the i cecution of his <\u\
sentent - t to be reduced to the ranks and
to forfeit S£ v Private Campbell
will • I to duty.
l»ri\;..'. I. owls K. Coppedge, Company H.
found guilty of a violation "f the twen
tieth ' war. was *entenc»'d to bi
hard labor under the charge
of th.' .amp K'l.ir.l tor one month and to
iorfti- I pay.
Prlvj -n, Company H.
found guilty oi • 1 blanket fr.'in
a comrade, to the prejudice <■? k I
and military discipline, was sentenced 1 .
be dishonorably discharged, forfeiting all
i>hy and allowances due him and to be
confined at hard labor for one \.-.ir
. Private George EL Dillon, Company L
found guilty of quitting guard, was sen
tenced to forfeit (10 of his pay per month
for live months.
Private William C. Kirk, Company E.
found guilty of an unlawful disposition of
an overcoat issued him for use in the mili
tary service, was sentenced to forfeit ii"i
of his pay.
Private Joe W. Marshall. Company D,
found guilty of disobeying the order of a
sentinel, was sentenced to forfeit 12» of
his pay.
Private Albert W. Powell. Company 1..
round guilty of drunkenness, disorderly
conduct, using profane and abusive lan
guage to a non-commissioned ofllcer and
resisting arrest; was sentenced to forfeit
J3) of his pay.
Private John Richardson. Company E.
found guilty of an unlawful disposition
of an own-oat. .lssued him for use In ihe
military s< nrlce, was sentenced to forfeit
♦20 of his pay.
Private David 1.. Roberts, Company II
found pruilty of offering violence to his
superior olllcer. was sentenced to i,.. dis
honorably discharged, forfeiting nil pay
and allowances due him and to be con
fined at (til labor for three years
Private William Russell. Company D
found guilty of disobeying the order of a
sentinel, was sentenced to forfeit UO of
his pay. "
Private Joseph ... Bmithers, Company
E. found guilty of using Insulting lan
guage to and disobeying the order* of
certain ion-commissioned officers «vai
sentenced to be confined at hard' labor
under charge of the camp guard for three
months and to forfeit 130 of his pay.
Those in the Fortieth were:
Private Lewis Jones Company A.
found guilty of drunkenness on duty iras
sentenced to forfeit $10 of his pay ',.'
month for four months. '
Quartermaster Sergeant Allen Smith
Company K. found guilty of absence
without leave and of selling arms in vio
lation of the sixtieth article of war was
sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
forfeiting all pay and allowances, and to
be confined at hard labor for one yea*
A general court-martial ha« been an
pointed to meet at the camp of the For
ty-eighth Infantry. Angel Island, for the
trial of such prisoners as may be brought
before It. The detail for the court la as
follows: Major Sedgwick Rice. Captain
James E. Hamlln. Captain Leon W IVn
Ison, Captain James W. Smith, Can-in
William H. Jackson, First Lieutenant
Harrison D grown. First Lieutenant
Hammond J. Parker, First Lieutenant
Charles C. Caldwell, Second Lieutenant
Joseph '• Andrews. Second Lieutenant
Frank R. Chisholm. Second Lieutenant
John K. Rice. Second Lieutenant George
W. Taylor. Second Lieutenant Green t'
Marlon. First Lieutenant John II An
drew. Judge advocate, all of the Foity
elghth.
In an auction room the sword of honor
presented to Admiral Lord Collingwood
r>y the city of London was sold recently
for $1200.
BUY NO BELT
m\^ \{{*&M&^MkS\ &/, TILL
YOU g|Pi|l|| YOU
SEE SEE
"DR. "DR.
PIERCES." V< PIERCES."
k .^_ C 7" Call or Write for Book No. I.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
020 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Franolsoo
.■XIBXE.Xai.BIJ.BIXaiJ.aiJ.aL. . _ ._._._.'__._ _ '
SAN FRANCISCO
WAS NOT FAVORED
Decis'on Is Against the
Portland Jobbers.
Fr^lal Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 20.— 1n the United
States Court to-day Judge Bellinger ren
dered ■ decision sustaining the demurrer
of the defendants in the case of Allen H.
Lewis, representing the Jobbers of Port
land, against the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company and the Oregon
Short Line Railroad for alleged violation
of the long and short haul clause of the
Interstate commerce act. Judge Bellinger
in his decision says:
"The complaint Is thnt the Short Line
and the Southern Pacific have made a
joint tariff for freight between Ban Fran
cisco and I<luho .mis under which the
same rate is charged as that charged by
th.- joint tariff of the Short Line and the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
; pnny from Portland to the Mine points,
and under which the Short Line receives
notably much lean for its haul than It
receives on Portland freight. That the
I object of this is to give San Francisco and
its merchants an undue and unreasonable
I preference over Portland and tin m«-r
[ chants, and that the Oregon Railroad and
i Navigation Company is aiding and abet
ting this purpose by • : ••■! Ing Into the
joint tariff arrangement In question with
the Short Line Company.
"Th. complainant Is proceeding upon
the theory thai the action of the Short
Line Company in entering Into a joint
tariff arrangement with the Southern Pa
cific by which it receives ■■< .-mailer rate
as its proportion of throueh haul under
1 that arrangement than it receives for Its
proportion of the haul under its Joint
tariff agreement with the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company has the effect
to make both Joint tariffs discriminate
against Portland, : nd therefore unlawful.
Then; is no complaint that the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company rate
from Portland to Huntlngton is excessive
or dlscrlininatlnir. nor is there any com
plaint that the excessive above the Ore
gon company's rate charged and received
by the Short Line Company an Its share*
.-I the joint rate, nor that the Joint rate
established by the two companies, i* un
just or unreasonable except as the
charges are related to the charges made
under the Joint tariff established by the
Southern Pacific and the Oregon short
Line companies. The allegation as to the
unreasonableness of the joint rat.* made
by the Oregon Railroad and Navigation |
Company and the Short Line Is that 'in ;
consideration of the premises'— in consid
eration of the alleged discrimination
against Portland merchants in the two
Joint rates and of the lower charge for
the longer haul to Oregon— such rate Is
unjust and unreasonable and In violation
of section 1 of the Interstate commerce
act. The case la therefore one of alleged
unlawful discrimination in th»» rates com
plained of, and unless there is such dis
crimination there Is no ground for relief.
The fact that the Short Line Company
under its Joint tariff arrangement with the I
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company
receives ratably more for Its haul than it
receives under its tariff arrangement with
the Southern Pacific Company Is not a I
matter cognizable by the court."
L. B. Cox, counsel for Allen & Lewis.
stated to-day that he WOUld file ;l:i; l: i
amended bill which would obviate most
of the objections found by the court tc
the original bill.
FATHER M'KINNON WILL
DEFEND THE SOLDIERS
Rev. w. D Mi Ktnnon, whn has lately
• 1 his commission in the !•.
army, will give an Illustrated lecture this
evening In Metropolitan Temple upon
"Tne Stars and Stripes in the Philip-
The proceeds will !>• turned Into
thi Qolden Jubilee f uml of Ht. Krancla
• 'hurch.
The chaplain has lately returned from
Washington, whi 1 • he had
important Interviews with Prealdenl M'-
KinU > and • and mani ai •
anxious to heai I - Upa the future
. of the administration toward the
Kill pi 1 er McKini levote a
i.irK" portion of iv» lecture to the charges
of looting and desecrating Catholic
churi I American
soldiers. !!.• will also reply to the slurs
1 11 cast upon it..- Catholic
iin>>. a few select musical numbers
will precede the lecture, which will be ll
ted by a new >et of stereoptlci n
:•: • 'i Brien, who was hur
geon In the Philippine campaign, win pr>'
tnd deliver .i - 1 -!..'!! Introduotorj a'i
and the tickets for reserved seats urr To
(.-• nts each.
FILIPINOS ARE WEARY.
The White Man's Burden of Proof Is
Too Much for Their Shoulders.
Th* Filipino villagers, tractions
M< Pavilion, ar-.- flying the Hag
of truce, and making advances to L
■ wno is accused by Oliva Muyot,
the dusky belle of the slack wire, ..f hav
ing evicted her from th. Casa EUvaa one
■ .irly In the month.
The trial ol Cognei waa r< turned v.-«
terday morning before Police Judj
gan. !'•» 1111 1 1 1 ■ • Bapeio being the only wit
ness •' ; - • ■ • .1 thai U:- lawyer h.;«l
run Benorita Muyol out "f the Birch ave
nue house at '.)><■ polnl : .1 pistol.
The prosecution having closed, A. Hnf
for Uognei m"\'>! thai tl.< case be !-
missed, holding that the w
f.iii'd to : rove thai the Cogi
\\:is s deadly weapon The court
the matter un.!« 1 . mi I till Kri-
! day.
The Plllpti tired of litigation, and
' th>-lr attorney h. » i • 1 thai the Cognel case
I once dunosed of t h< ir other troubles
I w«)uid be compromised, as the circus waa
under contract to move to other climes.
Dewey on Deck.
The AnheuHer-Iluwh Brewtag Asiuvlatlnn,
with ltn usual enterprlxe, has Jimt Ipaupd an
American Army and Navy Peck of Playing
Cards 04 flneßt stock, with Kilt edges and at
tractive back In icrecn and Kolii, the face cards
being: prominent officers of the army and navy.
Dewey serving as the King of Heart.-'. Schley
an the King of Diamonds, etc.
These fancy playing curds an the finest ever
produced, ami the first time when the char
acter of the fuce carl has been rvprenenteil
by lnlroducinK a |*>rtralt without destroying
the identity or character of tho card, and it
la ns •■*».-> and simple to u»e this deck of
cards in any same as If playing with a regular
deck.
Ten two-cent stamps sent to the Malt-
Nutrlne Department. Anheuser-nusch lSr.winj,-
Association. .St. Loaia, Mo., V. H. A., to pay
cost of revenue, postage, malllnu. etc.. will
uecure a pack of these novel .m.i attractive
cards. aad'aa the supply la limited It will be
wife to Fend early.
Mormons in the South.
CHATTANOOGA. Term.. Nov ■ TWr
f. Itonnon tlders arrived In this city
fr.>ni It.ih In ■ solid delegation to-duy for
assiirnmenl to work in >»hio and the
Southern States. Their assignment will
la by Prealdenl Kioh of this city
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOSE WRETCHED MORNING HOURS.
— _ ,— - V •!. .Lear nan. know what morning slck-
c , r"^^s^ ne * 9 means— th« mlsrry of It. ...»
S&\\VL\* CC C/A/j^v what a blessing It would be io flnd sornr pur«.
y*Ct\ * Vr *sTarjXLu_:^ /l^.^ «*"tl* stimulant which would stay upor. ih«
* jffpGfjfit3<s&m'jZ?£>f*_f?^S L stomach, w.«rm. alleviate and •■i:.i!''» j ><i In
/fj^S J^SSSS/mal^SSlf^S^^ vV Im1 '" th " n " l!ri! "f'-ni*nt which jon n«ed In your
>/O'^^*^^^^^^i&A4> v *^>Vi lf y "" * r< " f " *"'' rim"r im " ■ mother hew irratrful
/y^y^Ls^^£-S3iSaRBsV*SSEH^\«Ai\ J " u w|:i '" f " r » f >nr.etfclng that wiil buiM ut».
ll O «iSm^^'^^^3^\^^^iS^^f \V *' :%<tu|r| '•■ rul vitalize the system .in.: -Iriv out
O^ff^^^§wfe: '" * :l Condit|nn " ' womanly weaknesa,
<\ vL^ , » H^BHBSwtffl^ // tt " n<l> rre-rm!n^r.t!y In the front rink of n—r«.
VV >^'iSIV' | 5^S 11 * r W*^ J ivs^ // sttlcs. It nourishes the system and strengthen!
t«^ X^^jyjS^^^VTJpQ^^yv Jy t^ p n * rv «*s. anil dnes lt» co«k1 wnrk <jul^Wly.
Yk/jlil^^i fr*ysr Tlie ttb " Ml ut« purity, together with the medlel-
nnl < J ualltle ". *>t L)i;ff\-8 prnr. malt, h.^
ty *-* L*o^^ ma.le It th- greatest WOMAN-CURATIVD
' — — """^ known to science.
APllAnillTrri "Wi isaisßtM tbal ihffv - ITRE MALT WHISKEY
111! All Aft I rr. will be tain.-.l by th. rr.o^t Rtn»ltl\> stomach, wh-n It will
uuniinniLLi not retain any other stimulant or nourishment."
Mrs. Foster's Life Saved.
B. Linn Bledler, Dealer In Drugs. I! Oki and Stationery. ML Pctsskl, 111.
Gentlemen: Mrs. Jeff Foster was at the pnlnt of denth with what the d.x t.. r « .ailed nulck
consumption. Rflatlves were callwl in t^) see her die. ."<>me cne r^-nmmen.l-il Puffy"* l*ur*
Malt Whiskey. Her hushand bought two bottles. Slie Improved: he 1 ■:..-'.• more, ami Ir. a
short time she was up dulng housework. I »n « and It is conc-ded that >our renutty raise**
her from the dead. B. LINN BICDLER.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey contains no fusel 11.
Government medicine stamp mark- the B*DUine. Druggists usually >• ;: It. If jroora
<•. ■ « not. we will express a bottle, prepaid, for }1 Co; >.lx for Jj 0"\ IVick of interest to
women sent frc*.
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co. Rochester. N. Y.
.it the lb ad of th.- M
ida.
Battered by a Typhoon.
VANCOUVER, 11. C, Nov. 2) — The
American lark Rose arrival to-day from
China to load lumber. She was batttrrd
about by a typhoon after she. left ll.mß
kmii;. and had to pal Into Shanghai for
repairs. Sin- had the appearance of a
Moating wreck. The bark Coatings ar
rived to-day from San Francisco for lum
bar.
lowa's National Ouard.
DBS ftfOINES, Nov. |0 Ad •' 1 I 'len
eral Bjrars announces that th»*
first lowa Regiment, Just returned from
n rear's campaign in Luson, will
once remustered as a body Into th<- lon >
National <.!uard.
Cuba's World's Fair Representative.
H.\ VANA. SOl I ' ; .• r
Brooke has named Benor Zanetti as the
representative of Cuba at the I'arii I'.x
l osltlon in 1900.
I =1
ADVERTISEMENTS, :
i ii | ■ •
ilil
THE TREATMENT
That cures and restores j
all diseases and weak-
! ness of men is that
which is administered
by DR. MEYERS & CO.,
America's most suc-
cessful specialists. The
price of a cure may
be deposited in any
bank, there to remain ,
: ! till the patient Is cured.
I Consultation free. Also
private book at office ;
: or by mail. Home cures
j a specialty.
j DR. MEYERS & CO,
]■ 731 MARKET ST., S. F.
> 1 like Elevator to Third Floor.
1 Dally. 8 to 5.
HOURS. Kventnga. 7to L
Sundays, I to 11.
I . . .
It has b»en fully demon- MHb^T~~"*BJBsV^
I atratM that W'S*o) f^'SN^
:| Ely's Cream Balm KgSStfS
j la a sreclflc for W*^ Cl^%^^,
'■ NASAL CATARRH. w£^s?/ji
' Th!» (Jlntinrt.on la the re- Bf >* **4? ' /-Z,
suit of continued success- V&Srv^ ■
ful use. A i>uri:ylnic an.l Bb^bbbL^"'^9^JßEl
■ hcallnit treatment. It la bb^BbPT?V^^Tlsl
ar. a«*-»«* K ** '-.re HJc* •'"'•' • ¥Vf^J<|
', Cream balm Is placed Into nostrils, iprtada
. I over IB« membrane and Is absorbed. Relief Is
I Immedtate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
' ' —does not product sneezing. Large ma*. .'.'•■•,
, nt druggists or by trail, trial size. Me. by mall.
: ELY imf'TllKl'.S, 66 Warren st.. New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
| ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK !■■■■■ wi^
;My Friend %
\ From India, *
I "bulletin" — L R. Matkw*il keeps th» au-tl-
; : enoe laughing urtil t!iey can hardly breathe
; MATINEE SATURDAY aKp SUNDAY.
Next Week— "SAINTS AND SINKERS."
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
FINAL TERFORMANCKS OP TUB
! GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SKASON.
TO-NIOHT! TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT!
Verdi's Grfat<?»t Triumph,
"OTHELLO,"
The ''••autlful Ballad O^ra.
i "MARITAINA."
' Wednesday. Frllay Nlßhts, Saturday Matinee.
. Thursday Evening. "KHNANI."
Saturday Evenlntr. "CAVALLEP.IA" and
i "PAGI.IACCI."
' ' Sunday NlKtit. "AlWA"— Farewell to Slfnors
1 Falarsa and Avedano.
; POPULAR PRICES— IS AND 50 CENTS.
i ; Telephone for -Seats. Bash I
Next Week— The World* Most Successful
Comic Opera. "THE H.'.'I.UI
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
STEEPLECHASE.
CENTRAL PARK. WSIV.T
JeltrUs-FlUslmmons Fight, entire It rounds
Professor Hill, the daring High Wire Per-
I former. The Blower. Sliding Floors. Mum-in
Case. Aerial *»!He. Bicycle Hlppodrotn*. a
i Host of Others.
,  THE HAZZLE-DAZZLE.
I 'MISSION, 10c. Includes a ride, on the
; horses. Presents to the winners.
Panorama £,f°T-
Dot Ie us it was
Uni Ia /\^ rby Admiral
l)2tllC 01 Ocor «i e »cwcy.
Open dully from
■I'll) I 0 A * •*• ioiop. a..
Manila Bay Market St.. nr. sls
J *
| AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA.^
I SECOND WEEK AND ■
I STILL CROWDED ! S*J\i >J y\
I BROADHDRST'S / „„ '" u \
FUNNIEST! /SIViITH j
"MylMj'.WhUa I LEFT )
Carelns Man!" V UA|fl . /
! YOU MUST \MUWIIy
MEET SMITH: VV v — >r
r^. - ~ -T- I J*COt% ltTT'9
\A/t£EK.! SrECTACULAft
, ' * PRODUCTION
| DRONBON HnWAItIJ .« UItKAT WAU PLAT.
1 SHENANOOAHI 1
"M'» the Ix-rt plar I have ever sern."— O*n-
rral Nelson A. Mllrs.
7^ 1 ARTILLERY I - I
-W IV7IVTPV " w
FtIUFL • I CAVALRY I HUHSb. • \
AH IT HAS NEVSR lIEHN HKKN DCFORC,
THE GREATEST "j
BATTLE SCENE I
EVER GIVEN OH ANY STAGE. |
t^KAVH on BALE TUCItSDAT UORMINO.
CALIFORNIA THEATER gi-
Ast Qa:ck : Ist .a L m Early If ?ii fu tu9i
TIIALL tt KKNNKDYS
Everla/tlni; ABcto-Bwedlati Dialect J>uer.-^». •
YON r-n-r]
YON SON!
REMSMBSt TBS 3»2:iAL. 84TCSDA7 2ATISEB
Int^rpretM |.y a I'ertect C'.impany.
SEX : : Th<- l.iimher «'amp in MMwlnUr.
i| : : The Kunny IriP*i Wl.low.
: : Tli* l.unibvrinrn's >■•■■•■•
: : Tl Pretty iwvik A<ent.
: : Tfi* lirenklnu of ih* I^n J.im.
PKlt'Ki* : : K\enlnits~:>. Mr, Zk\
ALWAYS : : Mattn***— tOc. tV.
Next Pun. lay N'jtht.
tut: FAVomrr: rftAWLKT cOMPANf.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN IZZ.
— a TEnrn'T rirnoni:* •
EVERT EVEXINO.
Kiev's Fsmotu '**• • ■ >...i : •..•-.
Evangeline!
Ajplaii-l'-l ti> the rrko l.i«t rlpht by a
crowJ^.l nn.l tßthoriastle hottM l)"n - i mIM
t'hs« 11. Jones' Or<*tr«t Trlumj.h. The March
of I'strlottr t'olors. hy Hraut'ful «l!rU. JV» th»
I M. -..-' ;» la WutftU ty Itewlt-htnie r<>nph#»«.
I The I"unnlf«i .ml II- »t KnJ-.^aMr Kntrrtnln-
ment of t'. % e Year.
PRICKS. Ue, XV. IV. I.V. tftr.
Ooo<l It.-rerv«-i| St-t*tr at S.-itunUy .\!aiinf», XZc.
Brancb TVIwl ofrt«-e. Enportom.
THE PEOFLtTiI fLAYlini'.sK.
Eddy aai Jonis SU. Phone SOUTH 770.
THKT KEEP COMINO.
Aga l'arke.l to the Very Walls.
EVERT EVEXINO.
HEGfI.AU MATINK»:S BATUROAT AND
HUN PAY.
JACOB I,ITT« <Jrr.it Si'ioress.
IN * Ll> KENTUCKY.
DON'T UK A CLAM— tfr.rriJK Yfiiril SEAT*
NOW. WHILE YOU CAN.
FRIDAY NIOHT-DUCK AND WIXQ OANC-
INf. CONTENT.
PRICES:
Kvenlnits lir. Be. I"c. JOe- and "<*.
Matinee lie. IV. IV ard Tic
SHOWER OF METEORS HAS AHPIYEO!
CORA STUAHT AXD COMPACT. In th«
muslral come.!/. "Till: FAli: E>iL'KMTKI>
ENNK."
UIONON Amrrtra'a n'ii\l»H rhIM <lanc«r.
RICE AND KLMEIt. In "A lIL'UK'Q VISIT
TO CHINATOWN."
1.1 . r: VEftMEU. ihi- famous Instrumental
raostrlan.
RTAX ANI> RICIIPIKL7>. r*;iKßtl>All
SIMPSON. MIT.Td.NH .\C!l»">:t.\TIC I)OOS.
A.MKUirAN UlO*;iiAril.
Last •*•— of •> ■•• ram<n:<i Prrl«ian beauty.
CORXILLB.
F-'..»or\'.l seats. :ic; balc:>ny. Me; op«ra 1 hair*
arid hux seats. 50c.
Matln«v» v.v.lru » '.a> . Hatur<lay and Sunday.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1889 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, Kortmber ;o to December x.
isw. ■.:•■;.;•'.•■.
OAKLAND ItACSTRACK
Raclns Jloii.lay. TutmLty. \Ve.!nes«tiy. Thurs-
day. Frtilay and tiKuMay. Kaln ur shine.
Five or rnort races each day.
Race* «turi at I:U p. m. sharp.
Ferry-txiats leave San Francisco at 1! m. an<l
i::30. 1. 140, !. Mi and 3 p. m.. conncctlne
. with trains »l."pplnK at the entranrv tv th«
track. L.i« tr.-o cars on train r'«erve.l for la
! die* an 1 their escurls: no smuklnir. Ituy your
ferry tickets to ~.V-:i Mound. All trains via,
, Oakland mole connect with Han I'iMii aventi«
clettrlc cars at Sevrnth and itroaJway. Oak>
' Unit. Also all trains via Atnntrda mole con-
' nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and llrcadway. Oakland. These electric cars
Co direct to the track in fifteen minutra.
. Returning— Trap leave the track at 4:13 and
(•«• p. m. and ImHi^dlntrly after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS .'I: President.
R II iII LROY. Secretary. .:«-.,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA HITTERS. TUB
Kreat Mtxlcan remedy: ' ■'•• health an.l
■ tn-nk'th to sexual orcan*. Depot. iZS Marktt.
■■ ■'■■'■' " '
AIPP nni/ll Corner Fourth and
CAFE HBTALEM/iss
Will L. UUinU Ovtrccat* an'i
Valises cbeckt4 fr««.
78
CHIEF DUNN IN
PERIL OF BEING
SENT BACK EAST
That Suggestion Was
Officially Made.
CHANGE IN CHINESE BUREAU
PROIOSED CREATION OF A NEW
DEPI
But the Treasury Deportment Has
Its Weather Eye on the
Local Immigration
Bureau,
While Fpccial Treasury Agent Converee
J. (Smith was In this city a few weeks
ugo making th« usual examination of
t'uptuui-huusc *iffairs he had many con
ferences with l'ort Collector Jarkson
■with r< spoct to the n:<>de of handling the
Inr^o number of Chinese Immigrants ar
nvu.g hero by every pupseneer steamer
from the Orient. Mr. Smith had found
that nijiwlthhtanuins that the Chinese Ku
re&u had a lari;«.r lor«.e than over before,
there was a vrry large number of Chinese
Immigrants waning at the detection shed
tit tl.e Mull Dock to be lanucd. Collector
Jackson was so much overrun with Chl
*<•■<■ business, he taid, that he had barely
time to attend to bis other duties as Col
lector of the Port. Only a short time ago
lie uaa oU:j;eu to inform the swarm of at
tunu-ys who do l>usln«.-sa at the bureau
that hn would Rive them v. hearing only
; : hali 1: •- da), and that the remainder
*it the time he would devoto to the Cus
toni-hous* buK'.n«-ss.
The Collector called Ak« nt Smith's at
tention to the fact tint <- ni'-f Dunn of the
lureau.not being a Jeputy collector ut this
p>>rt, oould x.ct sign papers 111 his nuine
and plve the necessary orders for the
landing of Chlntb« or ... prohibition
of their landing. Owing to this fart it
was necessary Jor the Collector to devote
a vi ry Urge part of the time persur.ally
to Chinese immigration matters, the most
r>f which could Le dono by a deputy col
lector.
The FupgeFtion was then made by the
Collect .v that v new deputy rollectorchlp
hr created, and that the Collector be
authorized to till tho newly created office
l>y the appointment of some person whom
lie liclliv.-.l to l>e the right man in the
rlcht piac«». This tit-w deputy would be
appointed head of the Chinese Bureau.
:m<l Chief Dunn crould be recalled to
Washington and transferred to some other
field «if action. The new chief, being a
deputy, would have authority to act for
the Coll«»etor In undisputed cases, while
contested c-anes would be passed upon by
the Coleeltor himtelf. By this means
Colnm-1 Jtickbon wou!d be allowed nmre
time to attend to the customs business
jiroper.
f as fa-
■
HAPPENED TO CLARK.
.s From the Company
." '■ KtßaMt,
The lipM::lr:K changes in the personnel
of the "What Happened to Jones" «?-»m
j'.iny h;i\H ca'iM-d considerable gossip in
theatrical circles. Four of the young la
<!!*s <if the company— Madeline BrugulereJ
t ecllla CajsMlf, I<:» Banning and Mim-tta
Barrett- irho npp«-ar«*d with Harry Cor
ti.m Clark when he opened his season last
week at the Oilifornla, have resigned.
Ml.h* Barret t Is 11 Portland clrl. Miss Ban
ning 1f a J.ns Aj:*:<:. s favorite and Made
line HrumUire, who Is tho wife of Pedar
]<rucij>re. and Miss Castelle. refuse to
rilvulpH their reasons for resigning, but
it is ::ppar*-nt tiiat they lik* dirk no
more thiU! Clark likes Krawley.
They are not the only ones" who have
lief n unable to g< t along thiß season with
th" actor-manager. Mr. Crosby and Miss
rVnnan, who were first engaKed to play
leads In the- company, went him one re
fcpartial and canceled. With the recent
defections from the company, they cora
jjlaiii of hnrsh treatment.
MUSIC IN IHE VALLEY.
Opening of the> Amusement
n at the Veterans*
Ho: ;ruvil)e.
The amusement season in the Napa
Val!»y was opened at tho Veterans'
Home. Tountville, last Saturday evening.
The initial performance Introduced to a
lame ar.d refined audience the talented
artists. Joseph Is. Adams and Clarence
Nelson K.-igle. The veterans and their
iruests were highly delighted over the
mcefffs of the entertainment. In the au
dience «r«ra many amusement lovers of
tho old Umn-mtn who have traveled In
this wori<i and heard the best In every
land. Th«*y wer« lirst In appreciation of
the mu*!c which Mr. Kngle produced
from his violin, and the melodies which
the banjo and mandolin gave In response
to the aniitlc touch cf Mr. Adams.
Tho <:itertaininent was given under the
nu«pic«-s of the board of directors of the
institution. Irish melodies, coon tongs.
rap-time rnunic and laughing imitations
wr.re not barred by the management. The
\fterons appeared la their uniforms and
the 1.-..".n-:i wcr« attired in evening cos
tumo.
Sunday afternoon Messrs. Adams and
JZ-.v'if played swe-t tunes and sang pleas
ant Bonnre for tho patients in the r. air.
ward of the hospital. All the patients
paid the muMc wa* gcK>d medicine.
The next event of the amusement sea
f=on In the >.»3ut:ful valley will be the
«ip;»earanc« In the temple of genius it the
Home cf a company of real, extra refined
minstrels from San Francisco. A great
tarn* or amusement In In store, as both
«rda will be played against the middle.
Olympia.
The Olyrnpla lias tho best bill this we*k
that the management has presented for
*»ome time. The be&d-Uner is Cad Wilson,
th* p<vjbre>tte,, who recently returned from
tho Klondike with h fortune In nuggets,
but whose fondness for the footlights has
Induced her to accept another enrTage
njf-nt In the vaudeville world. The frosty
climate of the frozen north does not seem
to hay* nffr-cted Cad's voice, r.id iaat
night f he made a big hit. The rcit of the
till Is good.
The Chutes.
Adgie mt.r a crow sons In her den of
l!or.s at thi Chutes last night and a ptck
ar.t.lny rolled out of a property water
melon ju.-n lii tln:« to join with her In the
refrain. Tho audience and lions were july
astonished. Major Mite, the lilllputiah
comedian. off#r<<l a number of nov»l:<es*
Ftsink HaJl continued his thrilling exhlol
tlon of subduing Wallace and Lola Cotton
tfctonijhod the auditors with her infantile,
"thought transference" performance. Tr.e
rett of tho bill vm good.
Knights and Indies of Maccabees.
To-night Golden West Tent of the
Knights of the Maccabees will give a
complimentary entertainment and ball in
IJ'no B'rith Hall and the coramltteo of
arrangements has prepared a first-class
procmnuncti
To-morrow night the members of Gol
dfn West Tent of tho Ladles of the Mac
cabees, auxiliary to the tent of that
name, will give a vaudeville entertain
ment to Its friends In California Hall.
I . framed picture* and
£:ar7 at Sa:iLurn Ac Valla, 741
■ • •
HE PERCHED ON THE FOUNTAIN
AND SANG TO THE BIG STATUE
x!«o HARLES EIKFELDT, a sailor on one of the trans-
ports, who claims to have been born in Austria, In
ports, who '■!.utih to have been born in Austria, in
\ s=^ spite of the fact that he talks French with a Tlp
perary tang, was discovered at an early hour yes
terday morning perched alongside the Native Son on tho
I'helon monum«'-.nt-Finging the "Marseillaise" at the top of
Ills beery voice. How he managed to reach that eminence
will remain another of those mysteries Chief Lees is un
able to solve. He was packing' a beautiful load of peaches
and didn't care who knew it.
Elnfeldt's voice was beard long before his whereabouts
was discovered. He first turned it loose about 4 o'clock
to disturb the peace of Ofllcer Lawß, who patrols that
beat.
lia-a-a-anh An! Sla-n-a-areh An!
Ur-r-r-ump! Bourn p! Bi»omp!
nan.li An. Ma-a-a-arch An! Be Car!
Laws Is almost too sensitive to be a patrolman. He
lumped »it once to the conclusion that some wag was re-
JlectlnK on the officer on the beat. Klnfeldt was «■.> far out
of tune. too. that no one would be expected to recognuM
It, much less a policeman.
•Til march on with him." pnld I.iws to himself. peer-
Ing Into the somi-darkness for a glimpse of the supposed
Joker. Unfortunately for his peace of mind he was not
equipped with one of the new-fangled X-ray eyes of the
detective department, nnd could not see through the
block of granite, on the other side of which Elnfeldt was
plttinu, caressing the bronze boot of the role Native
Son.
Ua-a-a-arch An' Ma-a-a-arrh An!
lir-r-rcom! Hoom! Boom!
Boom ! Boom !
Boom! Boom!
HtHjray!
Ajr.Tln his voice cleft the night, drowning the rattle of
passing vegetable wagons, whose drivers wore too sound
«sleep to hear the battle cry. officer Laws was In de
ppalr. Somebody was joshing bm, and no mistake. He
drew his club and gritud his teeth.
FORTY PRETTY
GIRLS AT THE
OPERA-HOUSE
Dashing Marches and
Neat Songs.
"YCN YONSON" AT CALIFORNIA
ADGIE SINGS RAG TIME AT THE
CHUTES THEATER.
Fun at the Columbia and Alcazar.
Orpheum Presents a Particularly
Good Bill — Melodrama Takes
at the Alhambra.
Evidently the management of tho
Grand Opera-houw serins to be a strict
believer in variety. Comic opera, ro
mantic opera and grand opera have been
successfully produced at the Grand and
it was thought a good idea to present an
extravaganza. Rice's ■•KvaneHine" has
scored a great hit during Its production
In the Hast, not so much because of th-<
cleverness of the plot as because of the
series of bright vaudeville sketches that
filled out the gaps. What was good of
Hice'B production may be said of the
performance ai the Grand. The plot is
| mostly out of sight.
Bat the particular feature that makes
"Evangellne" digestible is a bevy of as
pretty and graceful girls as you can see
anywhere. They sing exquisitely, dance
gracefully and march with a martial
spirit that keeps the house trembling be
neath thunderous applause. Surely the
girls captured the audience last night
and will no doubt do so during the re
mainder of the week.
Another feature of the performance
wns WlnfredGofTs female impersonation.
With his shape and feminine features it
»'«* easy for him to Impersonate Cath
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Thomas Al-
dridge, Axilla Ridge,
111., writes under
date of Aug. 9th, '99:
" I began taking
Warner's Safe Cure
last Spring, and
have now taken three
bottles; it has done
me a wonderful
lot of good, and I
am satisfied it is a
grand medicine. I
know it would help
many a suffering
woman, if she would
only use Warner's
Safe Cure."
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, XOVEMBEE 21. 1309.
"I'll fix him." he paid, as he started on a run down
Mason street toward Market. "I'll "
Ma-a-a-ar<h An! Ma-a-a-arch An!
'Kay! 'Hay! Whoopee!
And far out from the edge loaned Elnfeldt. hanging
on with one hand to the bronze bootstrap of Douglas Til
den's heroic figure, waving a dilapidated-looking hat m
the other, shrieking wildly for anything and everything,
forgetful of the proximity of earth. Ills movements were
fatal. The lamps of Patrolman Laws lit on him.
"Ha. ha, mo bucko." he said under his breath, "that's
whero ye are, is it? Come down out o* that, or I'll "
ila-a-a-nrch An! Ma-a-a-arch An!
Be Gar! Boom! Boom!
"I'll march on," shouted the officer, exasperated by th«
manner in which the disturber of the peace was taking
the words out of his mouth. •Til march on, but you'll
march with me. Come down out o' that!"
Ma-a-a-arch An! Ma-a-a—
The policeman could stand It no longer, especially as a
fair-sized crowd had gathered and seemed disposed to en-
Joy the performance. He reached up and grabbed the
trousers of the living statue. The wearer took a firmer
hold, this time with both hands, on the metal unmention
ables of the oronze figure, and then began a pull—copper
pull-sailor struggle, the seaman Flnglng lustily all the
while. That's where he made his mistake. His wind
soon gave out, and with It his strength. He was soon
dislodged from his perch and bundled off in a patrol
wagon to the City Prison, where he was booked for dis
turbing the peace.
Klnfeldt was fairly sobered up when he was taken to
the Police Court. He pleaded guilty to the charge, ex
plaining that he had become Intoxicated the evening be
fore viewing the delights of Ban Francisco by arc light,
and must have been In a dream when he mounted the
pedestal to do the brother act with the Phelan bronze.
He was dismissed with a warning to mix water with It
next time.
erine. Mr. Goff has never hail an oppor- ,
unity to display his ability in burlesque.
He made certainly a successful •maiden
and his comedy work was strictly com
mendable. William Woolf is entitled to
a great deal if credit for his splendid ;
make-up as Le Blanc, He looked the In
dustrious scribe to perfection and while
his puns did not all have the flavor of
novelty they were acceptable.
E«llth Mason sang two exceedingly
' pretty solos in a fetching manner and en
cores were the reward of her tine execu-
I tion. By the way, there is quite ■ number
of vocal gems In this production, and
Hattle Belle I ..arid has her share of them,
• thus assisting in enlivening the perform
ance.
The reappearance of Thomas Persse was
the signal for prolonged applause, which j
proves that this tenor enjoys considerable
popularity in this neck of the woo. is. He
Rang three Irish ballads with much taste
and in excellent voice. The three weeks*
vacation seems to have agreed with him.
There are. however, two fixtures in this
performance which are dispensable, and
these are the lone fisherman and the po
liceman. The latter is about as freakish
an Impersonation as 1 have ever seen.
Bert neslle overacts the part and ought i
to be squelched.
Jack Robertson Is on the programme |
as the "rebellious calf" (specially en
gaged). Armur Wooley does pome good
German dialect work as the captain of
the guard and even Oom Paul Is not miss
ing. The gem of the opera is a dashing
march in the third act, which alone Is
worth the trouble to go to the Grand for
this week. In fact, a few more numbers
like the minuet and this march Would do
a great deal of good and liven things up
a bit. The stage manager deserves a
great deal of praise for his able arrange
ment of sets and fiances.
ALFRED METZGER.
California.
Comedy has Its place In the great Amer
ican heart and melodrama In the great
American hysterics, but the melo-coraedy
is not located. Those who went to tho
California to laugh at "Yon Yonson"
found the humor rudely distorted by old
'. Morosco heroism seasoned with the salt
Jof several tears. The other part of the
audience, drawn thither by log-jam al
lurements, found a curtain whisked down.
] before the melo moment had fairly begun.
I Hence disappointment.
The comedy hi retailed In adulterated
form and the melodrama is wishy-washy.
But the primitive love of a show for the
: show's Bake asserts Itself when a play
moves as actively as "Yon Yonson." It
is distressing when one attempts to class
ify. But it serves as castors to move
Arthur Donaldon about the country and
Arthur Donaldson keeps "Yon Yonson"
on the road and the combination is pleas
ant all round.
The whole play has the advantage of
, finish that results from a one-piece reper
toire. The people who play It can rightly
be expected to have done the most that
In them lay with the parts assigned, hence
there Is no reason to excuse any one of
them. It would please a mild spirit to
pardon Mr. Bender for his Ifarkens. but
it really seems impossible under the cir
| cumstances. In appearance he is a cross
between the bandit of opera and the high
j wayman of a delirious brain. After pre
i senting this appearance and hissing a siz
zling hatred he retires until It is time to
hiss again.
Above the stratum of Mr. Bender Is a
large one of mediocrity and above this
lies Mr. Donaldson. He makes a good
i enough Swede to win over the one part
of his audience and he redeems himself
In the eyes of the other part by a copious
weep into his bandana over the memory
of his little sister which arrives just In,
time to pave the game.
Mr. Donaldson's songs are the most
agreeable part of the entertainment.
Rendered minus the prlma donna gestures
they would be charming. On the whole
he Is a rather nice person to spend the
evening with.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Alhnmbra.
There was another packed house at the
Alhambra to witness the performance of
the. popular play, "In Old Kentucky,"
which, though In its seventh consecutive
season, appears to have a strong hold on
the affections of theater-goers. The pro
duction is superior to that, presented at
the Columbia two years ago, and the
company is In every particular a capable
one. The several thrilling scenes in the
play are brought out with a realism that
is positively exhilarating. The pickan
nlny band, which has always been a
strong feature of the performance, Is bet
ter than ever with Its two drum majors.
The buck and wing dancing by Swinton
and Bowen Is the best ever seen here. The
exciting race scene Is as thrilling as ever,
and Elsa Ryan, who disguises herself as
I a Jockey and wins the race, earns unstint
ed applause both for the naturalness of
I her acting and for the feeling manner in
■ which she sings "Old Kentucky Home."
I In fact, all the characters are "well sus
tained, but special mention Is In order for
Frank Dayton, Pierce Klngsley. Charles
K. French, George R. Calne, Lillian Mor
timer and Charlotte Wlnnett.
On Friday night next there will be a
competition In buck and wing dancing*
D the members of th»» company ami
local enthusiasts for a X"M medal and
other prises. Bunday matinees will be
Inaugurated at this popular playhouse
next Bunday afternoon.
Orpheum.
Comlilo, the fascinating, is easily th*
tiii-i.it of the Orpheum's offering t>> the
amusement-lorlnx public this week. Sh<»
i-^ fairly bubbling over with good humor
and is recalled times without number.
Her "coon" m>hks In French dialect are
demanded over and over again and h> r
tlon of Wf»!l -known words is a con
tinual delight to her auditors.
l.!it!>> Mlgnon, who looks a^ though pho
had Just stepped out of a fram* at tho
•101 l show, Is a clever dancer and singer,
who winks and employs all the arts of the
most • f comediennes. The two
sketches. Ryan ami Kltchtield's "The
Lunatics' Uair 1 and Idas Cora Stuart and
Alexander Kearneys ••'Die Fair Eques
trienne," are pitched in high keys. The
latter is alter the style ol derer Rosina
yokes* "Circus Rider"— quite a di~
a'ter. Burton's <loks ;ir* always a source
of surprlp.-, , ;,.., lally hla greyhound,
I which clears an object seventeen feet
hlph. Hice and Klmer do s..m.- startling
feats on th.- triple »"irs. while .Miss
Cheiidah Blmpson shows her tak-nt a» a
singer and pianist.
Columbia.
"Why fsmlth Left Home" entered upon
the second and final week of its angage
i ment at the Columbia Theater la-st nlpht.
Thore seems to bo no falling off in the at
tendance an<! tho piece Is received nightly
by rounds and rounds of laughter.
"Smith" Is written in Broadhurst's hap
plest vein and tl:e witty lines given to the
various characters for rendition prove
Immensely buc< essful in provoking laugh
ter. The cast Is quite capable of the in
terpretation >*t the authors work and «h©
I favor with which they are received is 6eet
•ted by the Immense amount of ,ip
plause greeting th.-ir various efforts
"U hy Smith Left Homo" will be ex
plalned for the la-st time next Sunday
night.
Jacob Lltfs spertarular revival of "She
nandoah" if announced to succeed "Why
i Smith I.fft Home" next Monday night.
I in this presentation of Uronson Howard's
w.w play .ver KM people, f-) horses and
immense scenic effects are utilized. In ihe
I battle scene t!n> sta*:e is crowded to Its
t greatest capacity and the reproduction of
Sheridan ■ ride i s said to be stirring in the
extreme, with artillery, cavalry, infantry
all moving to and fro, creating a splendid
picture. The advance sale of seats for
"Hhenandoah" will begin Thursday morn
ing.
Tivoli.
"Marttana." with Ada PaJmer-"vTa!lc*»r
In the title role, only drew a fair audi
ence to the Tivoli last night. Wallace's
tuneful opera was delightfully sung and
acted, arid there were many recalls In
consequence. William Schuster was cast
<is I'm j,,c;f. an( j Tom Greene as I>.:i
ar, while Miss Charlotte Ne.-kwith
I was I,azarillo and Hubert Sinclair was
th<- Mrs ..i Spain.
Maritana" will be repeated on "tt>d
■•' and Friday evenings and at the
Saturday matinee. Tuesday evening
•Othello" will be presented and Thurs
day evening "Ernanl," Signor Fernando
Avedano appearing in both title roles;
Saturday evening -Cavalleria Rusticana"
and "Pagjll .
Alcazar.
Every prat in the Alcazar wan occupied
last night, ar.d extra seats had to be
brought into requisition. The boxes were
also filled. It was the second week of the
farce comedy ••.\i y F r | P ,,d From India "
but the reason for the' unusually crowded
bouse w.ts the fact that tho per
formance wtiM f!ve|| for th< , bonent of
Bt, Briglds Church, the proceeds to oe
devoted to defraying the tax.s. Every
Beat cost $1. and It was stated at the box
omce 'hat the amount realised for the
church would he in the neighborhood of
The large audience thoroughly en-
Joyed the laughable incidents In the play,
and the laughter was incessant. The hon
ors were equally divided between L. R.
Stockwell and Eugene Ormonde.
Columbia.
"Why Smith IxTt Home"' began Its sec
ond week at the Columbia with an un
dtmlnlshed attendance and with its undl
mlnishrd <-harm to keep the house in a
continuous giggle. "Shenandoah" will he
presented next week with Jacob l,itts
new company.
The Steeplechase.
The bill is exceptionally strong at Cen
tral Park this week. Funny devices en
trap the unwary, to the amusement of
their friends, who find themselves caught
the next moment. The human cage, with
♦LBL B lar ? e *'*"• X )v ing the hour at which
the animals are fed. Is an exceptionally
tcver mirth-provoking scheme. The bicy
c c hippodrome excites a great deal of cu
riosity. Like the rest of the programme
at the Steeplechase, it Is entirely new to
the pleasure seekers In this city.
LIEN LAW HELD
INVALID BY THE
SUPREME COURT
Declares It to Be Un
constitutional.
POPULAR STATUTE NULLIFIED
A DECISION THAT DISFAVORS
CLASS LEGISLATION.
Appellate Court Believes That Work
ingmen Are Capable of Deciding
When They Should Receive
Their Pay.
The Supreme Court has punched a hole
1 In another Legislative act in a decision
handed down yesterday in the case of An
drew Johnson against the Goodyear Min
i Ing Company. Johnson brought action to
recover wages from the corporation for
' labor performed by himself and other
'miners.* who had assigned their claims to
him. In the Superior Court of Sierra
. County he received judgment for $5031* 57
and $-100 attorney's fees. The suit was
broueht under the act of the Legislature
1 of 1597, which provided that every cor
poration in this State must pay its em- ,
ployes at least once a month; also, that
it Is unlawful for a mining or other cor
poration to contract to pay for a longer
period than one month. The act further ;
provides that the company, In making an
swer, only aver that the amount sued for
was not due. or that the. laborer was
away at the time that payments were be
ing made. As a penalty for any violation
Of the act the law makes a lien of this !
nature take preference over all other
claims. A line on the corporation for vio
lating the law is provided.
In Its defense the mining company at
tacked the constitutionality of the act,
which is claimed discriminates to the ex
tent that It applies only to corporations
doing business In this State, and not to
any Other class; also, that It does not ap
ply in the cases of thousands of laborers
employed by co-partners In many and va
ried industries of this State. The Supreme
Court takes this view of the law. which
It declares Is unconstitutional, as it Is .'.:
rected against one class of corporations,
and hence was class legislation, and says:
If the Legislature could deprive the corpora
tion of «ome of lbs defends which oth»r litl
frantß on like terms are allowed. it could, by
Draconian edict, deprive It of all of them and
say at once that the corporation shall make no
defense Whatever to the action. The working
man of lntHllfrence Is treated as an Imbecile.
H<lnK over 21 years of age, and not a lunatic or
Insane, he Is deprived of the rlKht to make a
contract as to the time when hi« wages shall
become due. • • • The laborer might be In
terested In the corporation and for some reason
willing to wait until the corporation should
pay him. Y.t the parties, being able to con
tract and willing to contract and desiring for
the roch! of »-aoh of them to contract, are by
this statute forbtddra to <!o so.
Having dealt thus with the statute In
general, the Supreme Court directs a mod
ification of the judgment, alllrming that
Ist \ y^g>» ill # 3 %jg \ ssy/
GLEANS^ THE^SSi«» ! i
FFFECTUALI^WW'IRBi^^S
sLal I lL\j I wAA LL.T •/. IP' }m*uif£r v'
OVERCOMES coHS TIPAYiSI§i
JiABITUAU^ PERMANENTLY.
■ BVyTHEQENUINE-MAN'F'D • BY
xp>J>s.'-(x p>J>s .'-(. s . ' s^FRANC/Scq T/ T.
portion awarding to the laborers their
dues and reversing that part which *•.!• c
a lien upon the mining company's ; | p
erty for the payment of the attorneys
fees.
VOID DEEDS LEGALIZED.
Two Hundred Real Estate Titles Made
Good in Law by Putting on
War Tax Stamps.
Internal revenue officers * have been
making an examination Into the Re
corder's offices on the Pacific Coast and
have been notifying the persons Inter
ested of the provisions of the. war tariff
requiring war tax stamps to be affixed
to deeds, mortgages and other documents
conveying title to real estate. The visit
of a revenue officer to the Recorder's of
flee In this city resulted in bringing into
the Internal revenue office of nearly 2UO
deeds, on which no stamps had been if
fixed, Besides the penalty for a failure
to affix war stamps to such documents,
the document without a stamp is worth
less and will not be received as evidence
In a court. The persons who had been
notified of th. omission of the stamp
brought tl».n deeds to Collector Lynch and
made aflidavlt that the stamps had been
omitted through inadvertence and not be
cause of a wish to defraud the revenue.
Upon this showing the Collector furnished
the required stamp upon being pal for
the same and attixed it to the document
with his certificate that the forms of law
had been complied with, and that he was
convinced that there had been no inten
tion to defraud.
The documents bo decorated will be
good evidence in court. Many of the par
ties to the deeds were unaware that any
stamps were required, and the visit ut
the revenue people came in the nature of
a disagreeable surprise.
LIKE APRIL WEATHER.
Reports From the Interior Read Like
Stories of Spring.
The Southern Pacific Company's weath
er report for the twenty-four hours ending
yesterday morninr .showed little change in
the conditions that have been . i
throughout the Interior of the State for
several da% : • |
Ther- h.us been a general rise of barom
eter and a corresponding fail of tei
ture. and. while the r^.\.< have practically
cased, yet the ski- s remain ov«
threatening ami. where the clouds ai
somber and heavy the sunshine is t-m
pered with ,i in >»-r.. i
In fact the genera] Impressl >n :
uncertainty such as is not to i |
at this season, but which would .<
\ery well in the spring when April
en are prevalent and when the sunshine
chases the clouds across the water) bori
son.
Workmen in the Park.
Labor Commissioner F. V. Meyers re
cently s«nt an inquiry to All
eral Tirey 1,. Ford asking it the employ
ment of laborer- and mechanics In <•
Gate I'ark comes within the provisions of
the State law which makes eight
on public works a days labor. H.
that In the park the men are required or
permitted to work more than eight hours.
Mr. Ford answered yesterday that .
:' the statutes shows that the labor
ers and mechanics employed in the park
come Within the provisions of the State
law.
A Cowardly Prizefighter.
Sophie Peterson, a 17-year-old mother.
swore to a complaint in Judge Treadwell'a
court yesterday for the Jack
Ennlp, a prlzeilghter. on the charge f
battery. She and Knnis had been living
as man ami wife, and because of Ms ill
treatment she left him about a week at;o
and went to live with her sister at .1!')
dreen street On Bunday Knnis called
there, and because the girl asked him to
marry her he struck her and cut her
shoes and clothing in pieces.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
MAKE DENIAL
— . ♦
Charges of Mismanage-
ment Refuted.
Bpetfal Dispatch to The C*U.
INMA.V \p.,i.lS. Nov. ».-Th« Knlghtf
and Lad:., f Honor, wtth head
•
out a with reference t.. :••
of withdrav. als fr.rn r In which
they
"1. No grand or subordinate lodg« can
withdraw or secede from tho order. In
dividual members may withdraw by card,
or may allow tn«-.ns.-lves to become sus
pended for non-payment of assessment *.
There is no other way out of the order
except by death. Subordinate lodges may
have their charters annulled by the grand
protector in a grand Jurisdiction, but any
I omcer of .i subordinate or grand lodg.j
1 may be from hla oltlce for
cause. We understand that aome lodges
, have had their charters tuk»-n away from
them and that some subordinate ofllcera
have been suspended from otlko for al
together different reasons than uny al
leged In the article In question.
"2. The new schedule of rates was pre
pared by the committee on statistics an-1
state of tli. order, and waa adopted at tha
recent session of th« Supreme Lodge. Tho
new schedule of rat.M was Wie outgrowth
of careful and exhaustive examination
of the condition of the order extending
over a year und a half of competent,
actual work. Tne vote in its favor waa
*j to 1_ and seven of the twelve votlnjr
against II announced that they were per
sonally In favor of it. but were hindered
by instructions from their Grand Lodge
from voting for any change.
"The charge of extravagance in manage,
ment or high salaries to thu supreme offi
cers Is absurd. The total expense, which
include* all salaries und expenses Inci
dent to obtaining new business in l<CtS
was only 72 cents per member of the
order. There are not half a dozen In
surance organizations of any kind In th*
world that can show erjuuf economy of,
management."
Canvass of Election Returns.
The Election Commissioners finished ths
Official canvass of the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District yesterday. The contest be
tween McCarthy <D.) and Henderson (It )
for Supervisor is getting close. Henrier
son has reduced McCarthy's Wad of 132 to
Wo. II he continues to sain he will prob
ably beat his opponent, or at leaxt he en
couraged to ask for a recount. Karnham
(R.) for Public Administrator a gaining
slowly over Boland <D.>. but not In suf
ficient numbers to overcome the tatter's
lead. The other candidates shonr no ap
preciable changes from the semi-offlcJnl
returns. The Election Commissioner* will
meet In a day or two to take up the ques
tion of bond elections and make provisions
for holding them.
Congregational Club Banquet.
The I -lonal Club Of Pan
cisco h« id Its regular monthl)
night In the
. tel. Thin
ent. who. af:> r •
repast, llsl ,
. ■
club and Informal!
pertaining to th< ,
it up for ■
members at each i
lar dinner*.HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
MAY LENGTHEN WHARVES
Engineer Suggests Extension
of Fully Two Hundred Feet
Recommendation Also Made for Long Pier
and Other New Structures to Fit
Our Growing Commerce. i
i— r— -til:- interview with T. C. Frled
lar.dir in the Sunday edition of
The «*all In reference to the lack
£i of faculties to accommodate the
shipping i.f the ;*)rt at the Slates
wh«rve» h£.s attracted the attention that
the subject naturally deserves. "There
must l>e longer wharves." was the sub
ttasc« of Mr. Fiird.ar.der's renjarkb. This
'* echoed in ever> purl of the city where
..:<,** men m- on: I( rregated. No oue
lifputes ts:ut mi>r«* axnplt* facilities axe
<-«-<jed. The necessity I? conceded by
! Jarlvir Commission r Kilburn. who as
.it the oCico of the Harbor Commissioners
ts terday.
"The wharves have bff n larga enough
'■ i the old type of veß?e'.t-." said Mr.
:■ t, the engineer of tS.o bi>a.rd. "They
■ not large « rough ivr the more mod
rn ressels. Such vessels are not coming
■■ >vl. but they will i-onic here un
.•.• : -illy. What Mr. Priedlmnder says
I «.ur netd of more ample accomir.o
as !s true. He did not know, but
i •< tl:e fact, that I have aJready rec
.::.. i.iVJ or fcupt^sted to the Board of
IOM OF FR NT SHOWING PROPOSED WHARVES.
Haxfeor CommlnMnners that thr» f!«t line
♦ !iuuld be extended out 2<>o fe<?t. That fuij
■ jrstion, If it fchall be adopted, would put
' o:.d<»r tvny tho extension of the *rbaiT«fl
north of Mission No. 1 to tho laafth of »>3
f^et, n« acatost 800 feet. T!i« present
• esth of the wharves trill not permit of
l! 6 plartr;*; of two larpe trends upon one
i- > of the wharf nt a tlir«\ O.insequently
re Is a great wrute of room."
' '^nimii«F(i>nrr KJlburn tall that tho
uolkslbnera h.i.l tiorn talklnij much
lerlitg tho Urk of wlia-rf facilities.
Mr. Prtodlaader *'ss correct in his opjn
• .it the wharve* should be longer.
Mr. K ilium ha/1 said also that he had
: i . r.sMcration the suggestions of the
• .•.• • r rf the hcaid.
.\rr.->rdinjr to the statements of Com
■ r Kilburn and En^lnt-cr Holmes,
• Ktenslon of the pier line has be<?n
:\ciS. to On ff.-t by law; but both were
t the opinion that thore would be llttlo
sYUSI S TN KNOWN."
Upon th* Body
: C ; faala F. T. Henry.
■
■
■
A CARD TO THE PUBLIC.
The Success of Our Peremp-
tory Money-Raising Sale
TVhich. opened at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning so far exceeded our expecta-
tions that we were reluctantly com-
pelled four times durinp the afternoon
to closq our doors for a period of twen-
ty minute.*.
We cordially hope our patrons will
excuse the delay thus caused many of
their number.
Th*» larse number of packages which
we were unable to *end out on our 5
o'clock delivery will be delivered early
this mornlr.ff.
In order to allow our dories an op-
portunity to arrange the goods In their
respective departmente, our store will
nut be ojwned until 10 o'clock a. m. this
da y.
During thin sale poods will be sold
for ca*h only: no goods will be ex-
changed nor money refunded, and no
camples ■ ■ 11l be furnished.
tJrlJf Murphy Building,:/ /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. •
difficulty in baring the !n\v amended to
permit the extension to Sw feet.
A piece of news of considerable Impor
tance is involved ln the suggestions of
Mr. Holmes to the Commissioners. He
hus recommended. In the ilrst place, tho
construction of a solid pier to be lim» feet
long and 4JO fret wide, from the foot of
about LJiiy *tr*-«-t. and also the construc
tion of other wharves, to be s. -.it h of the
lOOil-foot structure, which are shown In
the Illustration that accompanies this ar
ticle. Th^rtt are proposed six new
wharves of the uniform uize of 800x100
feet, ln addition to the 1000-foot pier, and
the nlan is also for an extension of the
Lombard street wharf to 600 feet, which
Involves an extension of 2'X» feet.
"Do not think." ■a I Mr. Holmes, "that
we have not been thinking about the ne
cesslty of greater facilities, for we have.
The idea of the 1000-foot pier Is threefold.
In the first place It would serve as a
breakwater and would make easy riding
for vessels at the south of it, all along the
frcnt. wlu-n there is a swell from the
'•ctaii. In the second place, such a pier
would give large yard room for the belt
railway, and would bring ship a:. rail
together, In the third place, lt would
furnlfh an outlet for a sewer system."
The people of the State and city of New
York have been compelled to lengthen
their wharves to WO feet. Formerly they
were only COO feot lon*. New York has
been compelled to meet the needs of mod
em commerce rid provide for the accom
modation of the large steamer* of the
modern type. Just as San Francisco must.
T he following are the respective lengths
of the wharvs on the front of San Fran
cisco: I>imJ>nrd. Union, Green, Vallejo
Kj-nadway Nr.s. 1 and 2. Pacinc. Jackson
Wafhlnpton. Clay and Mission, each O»
feet; Mission No. ,2. 555; » Howard
No. 1. 630; Howard No. 2, 499;
Howard No. J. 453; Folsom No. 1. 420
on one side ami Gf.2 on the other: Folsom
No. 2. C 22 on on<* elde. and CAS on the other;
Harrison street. Wl and M 6; Steuart. <•»
and 3m); Spear. M 7 and 400; Main street
f.w»: lienlc stre.-t and bulkhead. &uO; Fre
mont. 4W; Pacific Mall dock. 12tO and 500
little Mail dock. '#>: Third and Bern*. f>oo.
with two wings of 100 each. Thep*» figures
coupled with the fa<-t that New Tori has
l»e<in compelled to lengthen Its wharves to
SOtt feet; tell the story, in one way, quite
effectively.
and will be announced to-morrow (Tues
day) at 10 a. m."
The funeral took place yesterday after
noon from St. Mary'" Cathedral and th*»
b-idy UTij. buried In Holy Cross Cemetery.
Ihe widow and two pr.ns, Louis and Jo
sej.h. and two daughters. Sadie and Cella
reside on Golden Gate nvenue.
In the Divorce Court.
P<»or<»es of divorce have been granted
Irving C. Butler from Marie L. Butler on
the ground of ►rtion and Esther S
Llorduy from Cerile J. Blorduy on the
ground of willful neglect.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion nnve been filed by Downing W
Graves lyalnfit Alice B. Graves and Olive
King apnJiKt Miles King.
Water Color Exhibition.
Paul de Longpre. the painter of Callfor
n!ft s w!M flowers, will c iv«» an exhibition
of hi* water color rkr-tches at J. F Ken
nedy's art gallery. 19 nnd 21 Post street
this afternoon. M. de L M-pre In en route
to Europe, where he will exhibit his paint
lnjrs in the art galleries of the farge.r
PltioH.
THE SAN FKAyCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
EARLY ACTION ON
HAWAIIAN BILL
Senator Cullom Will
Press Matters.
♦
HIS OPINIONS UNCHANGED
- ■ »
STILL FAVORS A TERRITORIAL
FORM OF GOVERNMENT.
♦
Same Conditions Do Not Exist in
Porto Rico and It May Require
Entirely Different
Treatment.
Fpeclgl Plcpstrh to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.-
Senator Cullom. who was chairman of
the Hawaiian Commission, has an
nounced bis intention of reintroduclng
on the opening day of the Fifty-sixth
Congress the bill providing a territorial
form of government for Hawaii. He will
urge action upon this measure, insisting
that it should be disposed of before Con
gress gives serious consideration to any
legislation for other Insular possessions.
"The Hawaiian bill." said the Senator
to-night, "has precedence, and, in my
Judgment, there ought to be early action
upon it. Congress during the coming
session certainly ought to provide a form
of government for both Hawaii and
Porto Rico, but Hawaii should come
first. Congress could have adopted a
form of government for Hawaii at the
last Besslon, and probably should have
done *so. The Hawaiian Commission,
consisting of Senator Morgan, myself
i and Congressman Hitt, having made :i
fiill investigation of conditions in the
Islands", hud reported a bill to Congress
providing a form of government, but the
weighty matters which pressed upon
Congress in consequence of the war with
Spain prevented the Hawaiian bill from
being taken up. The people of Hawaii
have now waited a whole year upon
Congress without a murmur. They are
loyal, patriotic Americana, and they ap
preciate the causes for delay in giving
them a representative government,
These causes no longer exist, and they
have a right to expect early action."
"Do you think committees of Congress
should be sent to Porto Rico and the
Philippines before any bill creating a
form of government for those islands is
considered by Congress?"
"I think it might be well to do so. But
probably In the case of Porto Rico It
may not be necessary. The Porto Ricans
are thoroughly loyal to the l.'nlted
States. There has never been any dis
position among them to question our hov
erelgnty. it may be that Congress can
legislate satisfactorily for th.-m without
Congressional committees visiting the
Island. That will appear later. But
whether It Is necessary to send a com
mittee of Congress to the Island or not
some form of government for the Porto
Illcans ought to be provided before the
conclusion of the coming session. "
"Will the bill reported by the Hawaiian
Commission for the government if the
Hawaiian Islands serve as a model for
a form of government for Porto Rico?"
"it may bo of some us<«, but I doubt if
It would answer in all particulars. The
Hawalians are a very different port o{
people from the Porto Rlcans. The Ha
wailans are fully Americanised and have
demonstrated their capacity fur self
povernraent. They speak the Enpllsh
language for the most part and under
stand American Institutions. With the
Porto Kicansjt is different. They have
never had any experience In self-govern
ment. Their training: under Spain has
not been such as to uuaiify them for it.
Few of them speak the English lan
puape. and few have, as yet, a proper
appreciation of the principles of oar re
public. In th»* bfßinnlnp. therefore,
they may need a different form of gov
ernment from that which we will provide
the Hawanans. ' The difference will be
In details: tho underlying principles, of
course, will be the same."
In reference to the reported Intention
of the President to appoint •' civil gov
ernor for Porto Rico immediately,' it
would seem as If the programme to ap
point Assistant Secretary Allen of the
Navy Department has been suspended.
Tho* President told Senator l"..r:ik-r on
Saturday that he doubted now whether
he would make any civil appointment In
Porto Rico until ait. Congress hail had
a chance to legislate on a form of gov
ernment for that island and Hawaii. It
would seem from this remark and
Senator Cullom's interview that the sub
ject has had very recent consideration
at the White House and thai Senators
have advised the President to go slow
In the appointment of civil Brtfors
The Question of revenue in Porto Rico
to support the Island will be a dlfllcult
problem to determine.
SMALL BOYS IN COURT.
Judge Mopan Says Robert McKay Is
Wicked Beyond His Years.
Eight boys, their agos ranging from 10
to 15 years, were before Polios Judge Mo
gan yesterday to answer charges of vio
lating the E o'clock ordinance. They had
been arrested Sunday night on Polsom
■treet by Officers Tracy and Naylor spe
cially detailed for that purpose. Seven
of them— James Hvnes, George Johnson,
Joseph Smart. John Pellden, James Ly
ons. Jamrs Flannlgan and Willie McKay
were dismissed with reprtmads. Robert
McKay was placed on trial, the court
stating that he believed him to be a very
bad boy. who was leading his 10-year-old
brother astray.
"You were before me once before," said
the Judge to him. "for burglary. The
Jury acquitted you out of sympathy for
your youth and not because you wer«*
not guilty. 1 have no doubt of your guilt
on that occasion. You have also been
arrested before for disturbing the peace
and for vagrancy, and have Won In my
court at least five times. Now you are
leading your brother astray, You're *
bad one! 1 '
The policemen told the court that the
12-year-old prisoner and his brother were
the sons of a widow residing at M Bruno
street. Their father died several months
ago. When arrested Willie McKay had a
can of salmon, which Robert said he had
bought from a grocer named McMnn'Js at
Rausrh and Kolsom streets. The court
did not believe the story and ndjourn«»-J
•he trial In order that the grocer might
be summoned.
Black & Tan
—"The Amerlcnn Porter"— ls the latest brew
of th- AnhfMiser-Kugrh LSre«ing Ais'n. It •x
cels In those uualllli'ii that make it most popu
lar with thi* public.
■ m ■
A STOCKTON-STREET MYSTERY.
Henry Searles Meets a Peculiar
End.
Clad in his nightgown, Henry P»»arles,
a painter, wan found -.■.--■•. rday morning
about 3:30 o'clocl;. lying In an unconscious
condition In front of l?!i> Stockton street.
He was removed to the Hocwlvlng Hos
?v\li"re it \v«f found thai he had sus
oinod -. fracture of the pkull. which re
sulted in his death last nlpht.
The supposition Is that S<irles while
under the Influence of some powerful nar
cotic lell out of the window. I>pt*ctlv««
McMahon. however, has been detailed to
make an Investigation, as It Is not quite
certain that Searles Is not a victim of
foul play.
« ♦ ■
Fell Through a Skylight.
Mary < h.-'mberlkin, a middle-aged
•• ■ ken to the Receiving
pital last nleht suffering fr.m chloroform
■ ing She reside : " r>h <tr. el
but was brought from a restaurant on
Fourth street. I where the
had fallen through a skylight from the
bove while under the ;
tl.c drug. Tha at the h
say tl .-it the woman |c a chloroform nend
and he reated there twice before
Referee Resigns.
L. c wlttenmeyer, referee in bankrupt
cy for the county of Contra Costa, sent in
hi? resignation yesterday to United Stateß
District JuU^c v-_ lliivtu.
PENALTIES PROVIDED
FOR TELEPHONE FRAUDS
Switches Must Be Made Before
Payment Is Demanded.
Supervisors Fix Dates for Bond Elections.
Pavements to Be Sanded Without
Expense to the City.
The People of the City and County
of San Francisco do ordain as follows:
Section I. No corporation, firm, in
dividual or copartnership operating,
or which may hereafter operate, a tel
ephone line, or render telephone serv
ice, within the City and County of
San Francisco, shall charge or receive
any compensation for any telephone
message or communication, in any
instance, before the telephone num
ber, or party called for, shall respond
to the call of, or on behalf of, the per
son ordering the service.
Sec. 11. Any corporation, firm, in
dividual or copartnership violating
any of the provisions of this order
shall be deemed guilty of a misde
meanor and be punished by a fine not
exceeding three hundred dollars, or
imprisonment, not exceeding three
months, or by both such fine and im
prisonment.
Yesterday for the second time Super
visor Algeitlngrr raised the cry of "Stop
thief!" against the telephone company
and, as upon the first occasion, his fel
low members of the Board of Supervisors
were with him unanimously. To reinforce
the order which he submitted at the meet-
Ing of last Monday, which provided a li
cense of $1 per quarter upon nlckel-ln-the
slot 'phones, he yesterday offered the
foregoing resolution, and to-morrow
afternoon the agents of the company will
bo given opportunity to lay before a com
mittee of the board all that they may
have to offer In defense of the compli
cated system Of petty larcenies by which
the monopoly has so long forced its pa
trons to pay not only Us operating ex
penses but provide as well Its tremen
dous profits.
:nt«!it rt Supervisor Alceltlnper's
Is evident upon rlrst failing.
:-. will accomplish neither more
- • ■ luctloa of the tele
phone company to the i-ame status In the
• -r malefactor who obtains
fraudulent pn ■■
srill render it ajnenable to the same
; .t. it is admirably
. al< ulated I I top to 1 a
• t and profitable pr.-i--t !. .• of de
manding two and 1 metimee more nickels
for th< ■ then transfer*
niip the f int to the pr.int si.ie
of the ledger t>y announcing that the
••pun' . ■ newer."
local corporation first intro
■ .. : f.iir return
-k*i It d< tnanded, but •
rlence hat; n uagers and ope
■ t In the art of grafting
and the . . . which has been
•he naiuraJ result of the
which riHVi L/c-eu pe.rpe
duritig the p;i>t \ • ;,r.
Th.- companj . is not going to
submit to .1 enrtallment "f it? profit*,
r otherwise, without the lim
it a fijjiit. It sent a communi
cation int'j tin . unlay, protest-
Ing against any further action being
net it until it had had a lnar
■•iilttee. and upin moiiou
pervisor Pbelps the bnam agn
Its agents to-morrow aftern<
the regular weekly meeting uf the lA
• ••■.■i 1 ommlttee. At that
■ - dollar license order, which is on
ge, and the resolutfa
by Algeltinger will bf
:. : . I Will have
1 y •
The proposition to sprinkle Market
.i« up again r«r cmi-
Ltlon and President llacDonald of
-■ • I lniprovemptit Company
; v ith an uffer to try ti: ■ ■ \
I to the city. He saiii
, iltion with
members of the Merchants' Association,
that a number of possible objections
had \x ■ Bted, but that he agreed
with the Board that something should b..
done to render traf!: Ageroua on
w.-t days. He requested that the original
• -h.-r m Ithdrawn or laid
•nl that he l>e permitted ti> make the
xperlments at bin own expense.
rvlßor Aigeltlnger agreed t'i the wlth
. and llacDonald wa> authorized to
go al.- .
utlons necessary to the bond
...lopted without dissent
The first provided f-m the panhandle elec
■n 1 December -T. and con
templates the issue of bonds I >tbe amount
,f |4,nso,iKiiJ to cover the cost of :iie pan
handle extension and the Mission lark.
I resolution covers the issue
: •[• gen. r;il Improvements and
- December tl -^ the day uf election.
The impr'iv»-memn projected are: new
City and County Hospital. 1475.i»j0; new
school buildings, SM'H'.'XM; the drainage
• ; firsi resolution was
.; jo print, and the second whs adopt
: ordered printed for ten days, as r<^
law. The hospital figures cre
lonte discussion. Perrauit said he
had undent 1 ilial $000." I be the
figure voted for that work, and asked If
mount named in the resolution in
cluded the cost of equipment. The Mayor
I that the equipment had not been
1 in. and thai the amount named
based upon the architects' estimate
of the cost Of the building alone. Per
and Lackmann wam>-.i the amount
la DC v..ted for the building reduced to
.1 but as they did not put their
n the 1 :in of a motion trie resolu
tion went through as drafted.
Bids for the tile floor ol the new Hall of
Justice were opened and referred to the
building committee. The proposals ranged
from ttOM to $10,000.
William Clayton, secretary and manager
of the Ban Francisco ami B . Mate 1 Rail
way < ompany, appeared before tht •
that the assessment upon the
prop'-rty !<•' remitted. He cx
i that as th>- railway line operated
tntiet the c mp ::i) h.i'i
: • 11 11 state Board
luallsatlon, ani ha>i 1 been
. ,; In the same way and had paid
I that
the tit y and COUnty tax t«.' paid undei
protest, but Clayton replied that be •i 1 1
ire to take that course, as it was a
matter to get money out of the
ry once It v. us paid In. Th«- matter
will be discus?* this .»ft.-r
noon's meeting of the Jadiciary Commit-
Permission to hoi.i amateur boxing con
wa.s granted the Columbia Athletic
Club.
County Merk Deane was authorized to
empl »y additional clerks to complete the
. ik ol his office, so that he might pre
-hoet when the char
• ffiM-t. •'..mpensatlon
Imlted to •'•■■ • monthly.
The board adopted also an ordinance
1 with the Intention .if preventing
the copcea!ment of crime by the cre !n .i
: 1., Uea and suggested by the l; .r , .
• l!e;llth.
An order was made setting aside from
fund ?.T""' for the payment of
Jam 1. uid I'harles S. Tllton
rvicea rendered on the Sewer Com-
An udditional order for the pnymont of
l to C R. Qrunsky was also made.
Supervisor Bylngton introduced a num
amendmenta, all of which were de
! to reduce the maximum fine for
meanors to $500. as required by the
Charter. They were all adopted.
Supervisor Phelps offered a resolution
cutting off water from parks and squares
atid from 16" fire plugs using Spring Val
ley water until eucn time aa enough
money shall have been saved to pay back
bills of the water company.
The matter was referred to the Water
Committee.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
f»rr<«d to the Street Committee:
Fllnn Si Treai j Requtstlnt that the Superin
tendent of Streets be directed to enter Into a
contract with them to construct a ten-Inch
aewer In th' Bouthensterly portion of the corner
of Mleelon and Sp#ar streets, at a co« not to
exceed $90.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company—
KequeFtlnp that the lire alarm and police tele
graph wire* be removed from Its poles. In or
der that the work or removing poles. In com
pliance with order of the board, may be proee
cuted.
Oriental Tea Company— For permission to bus
p-nd a elf n 3x5 feet from the front of the prem
ises at f.M Hayes street.
Hannah Bros. -For permission to alter and
re l . r .. pr ' nn V 1V 1 " 1 ' at nos to 1124 Stockton street.
William Khrenpfort— For the paving of tho
gutter on Fifth street, between Clara and Har
rison.
Qulmby & Harrelson— Ft>r permission to blast
on block 9 of the Flint Tract.
William Heiblnn— For jH»rml»(»|nn to use 314-
Inch fctud.llns in th» erection of a building on
the north side of Kills street. sz'j feet east or
Octavla.
A. H. Muller-For the laying of a plank side
walk on Delares street, between Army and
Twenty-eighth.
Preclta Valley Improvement Club—Request
'/* that no more extensions of time be granted
for grading nernal Park.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the Street Committee:
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company—
AgaliiM the pasßuge of an order to Impose a
licence for the use of slot devices.
John vßnnv Rn n A^ Dl ? he> trimtee of the estate of
John N. Drake, deceased-Agalnst the paving
etrJe?. kyette place, between Union and Green
toWnh*it o Wnh*ii Boom - A * alnst Rrar.tln B permission
to Xoseph Harn '>. cr to amr other party, con
t£3J?.£2Z?*2*l f Bewer In a " ln »'« *>><*>< °f
entire .Vreet' bUt " rln * the " W<?rtn « ot th «
, !. r ., ; Against bltumlntzlne; La- i
Iwen and Union strsitsT
1 ! ;. f -. p ',-;i,:: i , i^r".,,-, i T-;^" 1 " > -
STREET WORK ORDERED
Sl-^'-X^^t^m'ai?
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION'
t«n,"h " ,block, block P* v *n»nt ln the C( . nt f
Hi
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED '
■Hill
road track to the center line of Randall «reVt'
northerly line of Randall street The Suner
ficssis ssi
graded and uewered. be
STREET WORK AUTHORIZED.
Resolutions were passed to print authorizing
the performance of the following street wo-kf?
private contract: »ireei »o:k b>
Frej LWfiVr. to grade and sewer Pun n n . n ~
avenue, between Eighteenth Wnd NMnet^h
streets: Jo,-ph Harney. to construct ,J£l etc
In O " v| " " tr t . between Rosworth streei and
the Southern Pacific right of way. - trett anJ
ETREET WORK ACCEPTED.
Th« Superintendent of Streets rriiMiii ■
that^tho following street work be <TuUyi*
Twenty-ninth street, from San Jose avenue to
Dotores street, bltnmen. Pan Pranclsco ?PartilS
( r.mpany private contract; Twenty-ninVE
street, from Banches to .v.. c . wtunien SIS
Frandscq Paving Company, private cont™*,
Cole street, from Hayes to Fell, bitumen ™f.v
Street Improvement Company, private Contract
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS
jrAnrer^
cr BB B ee O rSa? f pif k .^ Um * «5*
Hearing of the protests against the laying of
artificial stone sidewalks on Clark street he
tween Davis and Drumm.. was set for hearing
at 3 p. m.. Monday. November 27 *
The city Engineer was directed to report
pruper rradpß to b * established on Zoc place
off F-.N.in rtreet. between Fremont and Hoale'
The Superintendent of Streets was directed to
sprinkle the roadway of Market street with
clean dry beach sand, from •: lo>n Gate avenue
to Second street, at least twice a week during
the winter months. 5
INSTITUTE LECTURE.
Father Newell. 0. P.. Expounds Doc-
trines of Catholicism.
The third of a s. ri->s of lectures, given
under the anaplces of [gnatlan Council
No. as. Voting Men's Institute, wai
llvered by the Rev. Father Newell, O. P.,
last night at Institute Hall. Pionrer build
ing. The speaker had chosen for his sub
■ "Catholicism— The Only True Form
Of Christianity," and In a clear and con
vincing manner proceeded to prove the
truth of Us theme.
After explaining the various truths.
UtWS and graces which constitute chii.-
tianity. Father Newell drew the conclu
sion that Christianity Is a supernatural
iii , lon, and as there is no supernatural
on on earth except the Catholic re
ed bj ts teaehini -
do. trii the latter religion
\v ; .s the onl) trui form of < hristiam'>
when Father Newell had Mulshed his
able discussion on the subject a rising
vote ''f thanks was ■ n-- led to him by
all presi v!.
Judge Frank Murasky then made pome
briel remarks, In which he spoke of the
■ood that Is being accomplished by r«ria
tian Council i'l In which
the truths of r ■ • .lie religion are
lnt« Illgenth • x-
A copy ..f Fal mo's celebrated
Belief." was presented to
« ,n li 1 erson
Gas and Electricity Mix.
A mixtut. i,«j electricity caused
a lire in the cigar store of Wolf Bros. In
the I'm ; igar store at »4 Kills street
last night.
The store had but recently been nn ll<-.1 I<-.1 <- . 1
•..|j in gorgeoui style with both g..
electricity as illuminating properties. The
tridty into
the burners wer< I within the gat>
which in some manner
stripped of their insulated covering and
by thi^ means conveyed th< spark of light
to the rii> pipe at its joint .it Mi- celling.
The result was that a Jet of !lr<
eled th< plp« and conveyed the blase to
the woodwork of th* 1 ilrst floor. Before it
could be extinguished Hook ami Ladder
Nn. I from OFarrell Btre-t had to I •
phoned for. The damage was trifling,
however.
Talendars and Christmas cards now
ready for Eastern mail at Sanborn i
Vall's. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE MOST FAMOUS PAINTER OF GERMANY.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS
V. ALBRECHT DUREB.
Given a fair endowment of talent with
only modest means, the task of the art
student In these days, even In our own
land, seems more or less of a simple aft
fair, for though the environment is not I
always as esthetic as could be desired, j
and though we cannot lay claim to being j
a very artistic race, at- 'east we have good
schools, fair galleries, excellent private i
collections, and at worst Europe Is only a
week's Journey from our eastern sei»- !
board. In the fifteenth century, however.
In Germany, when Albrecht Durer, son of
a goldsmith of the same name, was born, '
ALBRKCHT OL'RHR.
(After the portrait by himself In the Ufflzi fallery, Florence.)
there was little In an art way to stir the
Impulses of the young man «bo was des
tlnf-d to shed so grand a luster on his
country's iiame.
Art flourished only modestly In the rude
middle ages in a country like Germany,
where the. social side of life was unde
veloped and where nature herself was
none too kind to man. Of national life at
that time there was little; small princi
palities, each dominated by a petty
Prince, preyed upon each other and made
conditions that were far from fostering
art. However, Id the two free imperial
cities of Nuremberg and Augaberg there
developed the greatest pair of artists of
which Germany boosts and among those
which the world has yet produced. One
was Hans Holbein, the other, the subject
of this paper, was Albrecht Durer, no
less able as a painter than as an engraver,
though better known to posterity by his
skill In the latter direction. Genuine,
original. Inventive and dexterous to ■
marvelous degree, he imitated no man,
but blazing a path for himself he set an
example for Kenerations of art. to
come, to whom he has been an Inspiration.
a guide and a shining example. All this
he accomplished In a modest manner or
the pure love of his art; he was ambi
tious, but not for worldly favors, being
desirous only to excel in his profession as
a master worker; he cared little for hen
ors, and went his way modestly, striving
ever to perfect his technique, to Improve
his drawing and to widen his scope In
painting. He lived a life of great use
fulness and probity, and dying left behind
him the splendid fruits of his labor, every
scrap of which is now prized as a pre-
memento of a veritable master of
his art.
Above all. It must be remembered that
Albrecht Durer was a pioneer In his art.
for before his time little had been done
to popularize art in his country or make
it a factor In the life of the times. He
not only stands out with the utmost prom
inence In the history of Germany, but he
ha* left an Imprint on the whole history'
of art since his time, and this is some
thing that may be said of few men. The
Ptory of his life, though simple. Ib inter
esting and worth the telling, and hid own
words may be quoted In excuse. In a draft
of a book on proportion which he had
planned he says: In this matter I Will,
with the help of God, set forth the little
1 have learned, though It will seem out
v poor thing to many. Hut this does not
trouble me, for I know well that it Is
••aaler to llnd fault with a thing than to
make something better."
1 Hirer's family was of Hungarian ori
gin. His father came to Nuremberg In
1405 and Albrecht. who was born In 1471,
... May 21, was one of eighteen children,
only three of whom grew up, the other*
dying early. The father became promi
nently Identified wltll the art of the gold
smith, and an soon as Albrecht was old
enough he was set at the sami trad Al
though he had •:nall Inter st in this work,
he labored diligently, and pleased his
father bo much that when he finally con
frssed his discontent with goldmn
and his desire to become a painter his
wishes were respected and '.• wa* ap
prenticed to the painter Michel Wolge
mut. one of the few in that guild in the
ancient city, but all the best. There is
preserved In the Albertlna collection In
Vienna a drawing made by Albrecht at
the age of 13. done in silver point, a like
ness of himself, which show* remarkable
talent and already a knowledge of the
handling of his medium so characteristic
of the man In later life.
About the time of the artists birth
Gutenberg's great Invention of tinting
Was brought from Mifyence to Nurem
berg, and Aibrecht'i master, Wolgcmut,
with his partner, Pleydenwurff were later
employe d to make Illustrations for books
published about H'jO. Thus the young
man wej profoundly interested and
brought In close contact with such work
In which he was shortly to excel, in 1453
his apprenticeship terminated, and his
father sent him off for a four-year wan
dering tour to acquire travel what he
could in relation to his art. Such was
the custom at that time. He visited vari
ous German towns and studied for a while
with a brother of the famous Martin
Schongauer. the most distinguish* en
graver of his day, who, though dead, had
left traditions which his brother carried
out in the school established by the fa
mous man. Flnully he arrived at Venice,
where he made the close acquaintance of
Jacopo del Hat in, one of the leading
painters In Venice i . for* Giorgione and
Titian. P.arbarl was also an engraver,
and he first Introduced ' irer to the pro
portions and measurement of the human
body as a subject for study. While In
Venice Dun r painted a charming portrait
of himself, which Is now In the collection
of llirr Bugen Felix at Leipzig. He was
summoned home by his father, who had
arranged a marriage for him with Agnes,
the daughter of one liana Frey. who gave
as a dowry with the young woman 200
gulden.
The ceremony took place July 7, H3l,
and Durer turned for a livelihood to en
graving, working on copper at first. The
compositions were of liibllcal or allegori
cal subjects, as was the manner of the
times and which had a popular Interest.
Many of them were from the Apocalypse.
The omnipresence and omnipotence of
Death, which had SO powerful a hold on
the popular imagination at this date,
were also frequent themes with Durer
These works were Instantly successful and
found a ready Hale; Indeed, they were al
most Immediately pirated and copies wer*»
put upon the market. The drawing in
each case was appealing and It was full
of sentiment and imagination. delightfrMy
executed and quite novel in the manner of
handling, a fact that the public was not
slow to recognize. Between times tie
painted and In this he was far more In
terested; but there was not always a de
mand for his pictures; he confined him
self almost entirely to portraiture with
occasionally a religious subject, but with
the advance of printing th»re enrae oppor
tunities for wood engraving, of which ha
did much. Wood engraving at that tlmo
was In a feeble state of progress, little
above the level of a mechanical craft It
la due to Durer that the art was brought
to a high rank, for he Inaugurated a new
era of wood engraving as a pictorial nrt.
Durer .iow made a second visit to Ve
nice, gnin* alone and rinding apprecia
tion among the newer m«n who had
■prune up since his first visit. He did
well there financially and wtl even of
fered a tlnccnn post, with a good i>al
nry. by the Venetian Council If he would
take up a permanent realdpr.ee In that
city; cut love for
home and his native
city prevailed and
he returned to Nu
remberg In 1307.
where commissions
now came in for
paintings, and his
ambition was aatl.t
tied at last. Tho
Elector of Baxony,
Frederick the Wise,
commanded a largo
picture, but when it
was completed it
had cost more In
time and exponso
than the sum paid
for it and ■till
another painting wa^
ordered, over which
there was much dis
cussion as to price.
Durer finding in the
end that he v. i-»
making nothing with
his great canvas.-.-*,
and he concluded In
the future to stick
to engraving. How
ever, he was still oc
casionally lured toto
picture m a k I n.g.
though always to
hid financial disad
vantage. Among hl3
engravings were a
set representing the
"Life of the Holy
Virgin." the "Pas
sion of J c s v d
Christ" and other
religious subjects.
Durer was the tlrst
to make use of the
art of etching with,
acid on metal, if. n-
aeea. no was not tne actual discoverer or
the process.
In February. 1512, there cam? to Nurem
berg the Emperor Maximilian, untl with
his advent Durer thought he saw opened
un a career of riches and Klory. The nn»
bit|..n of this monai n was to excel In
every direction. 11.- was lavish in his
patrol of all the fine arts, of every
thing. In fact, that could odd to his clory.
and it must be added that he concerned
him? elf little with the somewhat Import
ant part of settling the bill* due to th<»
men of genius he thus encourajred. It
seemed to him that the wood engravings
of Durer could be turned to hi* account
and glory If he wero made the wubject of
some spirited picture that nhould find cir
culation about the country, so he com
missioned the artist to make a series of
elaborate woodcuts representing his Maj
e.sty In a splendid procession, riding under
a triumphal arch. Ninety-two blocks did
Durer deaign. and they were superb; but
although he appealed and appealed, never
a penny was he paid for the work. Ho
was lured into doing much other work.
a " Wa ?? were there promises but no
Once more and for the last time Durcr
started out into the world to make a
voyage to foreign countries, this time
tiiKlriK with . h!m hls wlfo anil »>« mal.l
him, as had c unp lll l , of Antwerp offered
him. as had that of Venice, a residence, a
"alary and Immunity from taxation If he
£,mLV ln I hero: but h0 refund and
came back to Nuremberg. Meanwhile ho
had been prosperous* In introducing his
work in other p ' acM - r^» z 'n* much from
hX-^ll he r*-: cn ffa»*n»* Once home,
however, he relaxed work at engraving
Me became profoundly Interested «t re-
Iglous topics and In the progress c: Lu
theran doctrines; he painted again, pre-
Town Council of Nuremberg, which '"•
IJ 0 *;, 11 * Munich: and he kwn to wrl"!
I-Uhllshlnß a s.. r t i.f ;■•
U. o T . n * Teaching of Measurements by
Ru e and Compass, in Lines. Planes and
Solid*, a work on geometry, and he put
forth a treatise on "Th* Art of FortJnca
tlon. He died suddenly on April «. IZ2*
Ho pa.«..ed away one of the most remark
able of men and one of the greatest art
ists of all time. It is In his black and
h n W ° rk ,\ hat !i ne wJ?rillw J? rill mu * 1 rcmemb" r
him after all, and perhaps it is best thu*.
for he gave to thin his finest and Intel
lectual efforts and by It he .- m..re f.Ylth
fully represented than In the perishable
and fugitive colon, In his paintings A
master of line, of composition and of ma«s
and texture; head of hi* day. with an eye
trained by nature Itself to .«ee the beauti
ful and faithfully to record It. Albrecht
2Sf*£ to to the true lovrr of «rt a joy and
delight, for his work ponies*,.* all thit l«
good. true, enduring and artistic No
draughtsman has reached higher perfec
tion, no artist has been more sincere.
New York City
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1809-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The Worlds Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close a? a basis for the granting of
certificates.
TICKETS GOING FAST.
Seats for the Thanksgiving Football
Gime Now on Sale.
The sale of tickets for the Thanksgiv-
Ing football game between Stanford and
the University of California began yes
terday morning In this city ut Clay
brough-Golchfr's and E. T. Allen's.
Early this morning the sections reserved
for trie college students will be placed on
pale at the universities. On Thursday
the University Club section will be sold
In the club.
The , noli • - an location Is
■
'■ ■ ■
■
I
who in \ .-r mi -
•
rush 1
what Is
eats In
from the ai
■ .
Painter Injured by ■ Fall.
Jan. work
on a building hi ;*;•-' •
■ • ■
1 up he was .'
from Inlwr
In the !•
fractured arm and k CO! ■ f the
Vming wan later I his resl
. where h
In .1 precnrlous <-oni! |P
Ladles' t«llir-ir»1« suit*, fur capes, cloak*.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 134 Post it. . • • ,
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
MARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York and Sterling Exchange higher. Silver unchanged.
Wheat higher abroad, but weaker in this country.
The other cereals thaw no change.
Hay still depressed. Feedstuff s as before.
No furtfier change in Beans and Seeds.
River Potatoes weak. Onions about the same.
Vegetables slww a fezc changes.
Butter weak and slow. Cheese higher.
Ranch Eggs extremely scarce and higher.
Sharp decline in Game. Three cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Stocks of Oranges more liberal. Lemons and Limes plentiful.
Grapes scarce and higher. Quinces out of demand.
Dried Fruits stand tJie same.
Hides getting very scarce everywhere.
Wool ZL-ell cleaned up in the local market.
Hogs coming in rather more freely again.
Increased Revenue collections.
Decreased exports of Wine.
Charters.
The Mary K. Foster and R. P. Rlthet '. *.!
merchandise for Honolulu.
The Am lope Iliads coal at Taooma for Hono
lulu.
The Crown of Scotland was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe. 255, Ind the
TTeoflor at 27s fid.
The C. S. Bement is reported chartered for
wheat to Baropt, 435. April loading.
Exports of JVine.
I?xprrts of wine fr<im this port r*y r*+. during
the first ten months of the year amount to
1.102.CM gallons and F.SSO cas--s. against 4.»'7.C>0
■ irallons und 6*74 cases during the sam« time
lart year.
Revalue Collections.
Internal revenue collections In this district
In October were J317.12J. " aralnst $2*3,747 In
Octolier IS3K. For the first ten months of th«
year they were $5.«<7.559. airalnrt $:.47«.6r last
jf-ar Thi* >ears cllectlcin* included $!C3.. r .33
for b«T. $C 4.473 f< r' spirits. J225631 for U>-
Wcco arid 1774. 4C4 for war stamps.
Weather Report.
(12«h MrrMlan-Paclfle Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. M. IS?9. 5. p. m.
The foll'jwir.g are the s-a»>nal rainfalls tc
date, as compared with th.me of the same date
laM f.ea*oa. aad ralniall In the last twenty-four
Last 24 This Last
Ftatli^s— hour*, eeajon. season.
HeriuufV"!!!:::::::::!::!! «:«o fg p*
Fscramer.to *"*' J;- 3*3 * ike
P»n Francleco * <■" J-^ *7*
rre^no OM 2.72 l.l»
indejKndence 0.00 0.83 0.17
Luis oi.lni.o «•'■« }-2 «•«
J,,* ARCelcs O.« !■* <IJS
f»n Dleg 3 J.OO 114 0.11
Yuma. 0.00 O.U« 0.18
Pan Fraadseo data: Maximum temperature.
CO degj^es 1 ; mit.imuni, M; mean. I*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A *trrm of unusual rneriry i* central off the
Wnfhir.gton conn. Tne prefmre ha* ial.en rap-
Idly over the entire Pacific Slope; the fall alorij
the Washington and Oregon coast is over Imlf
«n Inch In the past twenty-four hours and over
* quarter of an inch in the last tw.-lve houm.
The temperature ha* risen decidedly along the
Oregon daft.
The weather ie generally cloudy frt^m Los An
sreles north and t-aM to the Itocky Mountains.
Light rain ha* fallen o«W Wai«hm«toa end
Northern Oregon.
C"nJltlonn are favorable for rain Tuesday.
• Minding as far south as t!ie Tehachapl.
Fouttieatt t.torm e!gnal» have been ordered
from Point lUy< s northward along the Califor
nia coast anl information signal at Fr«in
(Uic. waniiti*; \eßs«li< of high southerly wind
anfl thick weather al^r.g the coast fur the next
thirty hours.
Forecast made »t San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 21 :
F»r Northern California— lUin Tuesday; brisk
to high southerly w.nJ.
Fir Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday;
j'rnl«ibly nhoWi-rs along the northern coast anl
In the BMUStsiaa of tl.e n'jrthern p^irtlon; bri^k
h.-.uth<rly wind.
For Nevada— Ualn fT »now Tuesday: cooler.
F.ir Utah— llaln Tue«.Jay. with snow In the
rncuntalns; cooler.
For Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
For Kan Francisco «n<l vicinity— Rain Tues
day; cooler; brt^k to hlstl soutberly wind.
G. H. WILLfiON.
I»cj»1 Fore<'asi Offlclal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20— The stock market
rnnroundnl all the prophets to-day by turning
reactionary in t>;:>>-. All <#f tbt fraternity of
j.nifeKhlur.al si<*"i-ulaioni came down to Wall
titreet thin nurrilng inclines! to the bull i-M*.
Their opinions, oomMaed with an outside de
mand through o.imnlhMon-hou.-es invited by
la*t week's court* of events, carried prices
upward for a brief period, but realizing
j'rotnptly became nianll<t>i and Manhattan Ue
\. ;•■: such oottsplcuotts woaktieKs an to af
ject the whole list. Ry n">n the weaknts-s
had !•■■ ..Ti.f n.arktd in a number of the In-
OuktriaJ Bpedaltiea. This wus aitiibated tv
the ekJie<UiUon of a decision by the United
.■-;..•.. Supreme Court un at ■.1 ■ pending on
the validity of the new form of indu»tria! coin
lilnatlon which :...- !•••:. f>o widely uvcj in
the i-.i>: year. The industrials rallied con
»::••: i!-.v «.'.• n the newr ■ f. •• ;:■ ■ . WiLithing
ton that i:.»- .:►-.*.:. hud nut hren handed
Oown tu-day. The rally wu due to operatiuUH
fry room-traders ar.J the explanation of the
«-kr!y weakne«gi came from the >.::.•• source and
«v ■Imply an effort to interpret the weak
ness of utocka. which » ..> a palpable fact.
The renewi'd we:ikm-KS aitvr the rally showed
tl.at the explanation was rather wide of the
:..h: k. The euffit-lcnt explanation of the down
ward course of ptices wan that large holdings
of slocks were thrown over last week to take
t. *■.:..„•'• of the fctivng market caused by the
bond redemption plan of the Treasury I*»part
ment. Ljmt week's buyers rind no widespread
'.■::.-*. for vtockK for the public at l.r >.■•• and
the market is con»ld«raMy overweighted with
»T»><-u'.utlve holdings wanting to reaJir.». The
outl-iok In the New York money market con
tinued favorable, although th« offerings of
i.Kverr.ment !■ ■:. :■* for n-d<-m;/tlon to-day were
much smaller than on previous days. Th«
*a*y money rate . . .• •■! by redemption money
already r»-le«>e/l »n<l the h'.pher prloe which
Government tmndv have nitnlned encouraged
owners of rotnlii to !«-.!<J tbeta. To-da>-"s «-all
r>ie rar.ced from 5 to « r>er i-ent and the move
nn-ni of New Y'>rk rr.chcriK* avintertor points
continued in favor cf New York, promising
relief from the prrM>ure r.f funds trom that
noupre. The probhble future demands of thf*
pul>-treaiiun - «tre :nere d«ubt. The Govern
ment's curt'lus tends to Increase again as the
i month progreiMs arnl the Fuh-treasury debit
la.!anoe at the rl«arlng-nouM<» to-day was small
In nplt« of the Oorenuaeafa check* for j«a.y
mml of re<Je<Tne() bonds.
There was «<«!<» |irof!(-tal;lrK in speculative
rx-'nii 1 . but at other p'Mrtu In tlie lift snm«*
urerieth was frhown. Total sales, par vnJue
|1.70T..««>.
Unltfd Ftat»* new 4« «dv»nred 'i aa<J old 4 a
rrerlstere<3> «. In the bid t.rlr*.
NEW TOB.K STOCK LIST.
FTiare* CJAt'ng
<l.?O Atchlron 25
11.700 Atrhlson prefd CCVi
2 753 Baltimore A <">hlo f.3ii
Canadian Pacific Si
ranada Pout hern M'{
I.TW OseMipeake A Ohio tl\
1 »nn Chlc*gft «reat Wcster-n 14<«
f (t,l Chlcsgn Burlington A Qulncy is:> 4
§200 Chic Ind APt Louis ■■ r 12
...... Chic Ind A St Louis prefd *:\
500 Chi* A EnM Illinois M
rMcaro A Nnrthwertern 11«
1070 Chle Ilock Island A Pacific V'\
l'7M C C C A St Ixiuls £S\
2.400 Colorado Southern C\
I Ml Colorado Fouthcrn l»t prefd ..'. 4>*i
112 Colorado F->uthem 2J prefd W<
77K Del A Hudson 121
1,?00 Pel Lack A Western WOU
700 I>enver A H<J 211
Denver A It G prefd «4\j
"i'.nno Erie 'nt'pre'fd' !" . .. 57» 4
J.I7S Great Northern prefd I7T>
2^o Hocking Co»l 1«
100 Hocking Valley - 32
J.CW) Illinois Central HIM
200 lowa Central 14
lowa Central ; rrf 1 194
Kansas City Pittsburg & Oulf .... 8^
Lake Erie & Western 194
L E & Western prefd 7S
Lake Shore 19$
3A r .5 I«>ulsvllle & Nashville >>6'i
CS.IM) Manhattan L ir<2
l.li«j Mrtrniylitan Street Ratlway W!4
1.550 Mexican Central 134
M»> Minn & St Ixiuls 7«4
525 Mlr.n & St L prefd SS
3,400 Missouri Pacific 4»%
Mobile & Ohio t:,\
Missouri Kansas A Texas i:- 4
1.020 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .... 394
New Jersey Central K'J
LO4O New York Central 136*»
18.950 Norfolk & Western 27^
1.030 Norfolk A: Western efd ~<<\
S.7>o Northern Pacific f,s'-»
325 Northern : ..■•■■. 75
I.IKJO Ontario A Western 25* i
Oregon Railway I Nay ....»; 42
.... i; . < irrijfn Ry & Nay prefd 76
1.7T5 lVn«fcylv.taia I3OU
. '■'- ' Reading ............ 21 »*
3.6 tf Reading lft prefd Mil*
2.CGO Reading 21 prefd 3)\
Rio i>ran<lo western 41
IUo Urande Western i-refd H
{•00 Ht I>ouin & San Francisco 11
••;■••• St Louis & S F Ist uref.J 70
L2OO st Louis & S F 2(1 pn-fd 3*\
st i.- *..> Southwestern i:» 4
6J' l St Louis Southwestern rrefd a%
C.3C7 .<t Paul 3-*,*
St Paul prrfd !.'i:s
Paul & Omaha liru
35.475 js u thorn PaclJio '•»:*,!
MM Southern Railway U«4
4.525 Southern Railway rrvM " "
frJO Texa? a Pacific i«i;
17.ru Union Pacific- <ix.
6.7 M Union Pacific i-refd ;~; 70S i
420 Waliarh J2
s.*<l Wfli.ash pre M... ' »3\ i
2.100 Wl.eellnp A L E -.11 '
i?.* W r- eeJir S * L E 2i I'^f' l » T^
2.000 \\ 1.->c..nsin Ontral »^a:
Expreu Oomsanle*—
AdHnjs> jj»
American '. 147U
1 nited States .'"."." 4)
Wells Farxo fjg
Mlsrpll.-uieous— ""
306 American Cotton OH 351?
lf«)l f «) American Cotton Oil prefd. ." ." y>
l.j American Malting 11^ ;
MO American Maltlnn prefd ' 4"C
I*'"! Al " ' s m<ltin K & Rennlns '.. I7V
2.160 Am Smeltm* & RetininK prefd S'li!
• American Spirits 4
American Spirit* prefd .'. ... 17
t.'.rt Amnican Steel H<x>p *;\j,
l.j;o American Steel Hr. .p prefd.... '..".'. hu
1f'.2.5 American Steel & Wire 4J»t!
American Steel & Wipe prefd. $>4W
110 American Tin Plate 34J
Anxrican Tin Plate prefd K3»,
20.2Z7 American Tol>acc.> usu
American Tobacco prefd .."..".'." US
I.CIO Anaconda Mining Co '" < t -u
«.«20 lin>oklyn Rapid Transit 177!
L7M Colonulo I^u.i & Iron " 63V6
5.2.V) c-ontinental Tor.acco ii\,
*<<n Continental Tobacco prefd ' '<)K
r:.::o Federal Steel ■" r.sa*
2.X"') Federal Pteol prefd ~ w.i*i
4W General Electric '"l''~K
4.os'> Olucose Supar ".!! f.IU
GlucoKe .-'utiir prefd .'..'!"'" »
4<M International Pai^r ' JSU
73" International Paper rrefd !.'." c.>,
1.47U ]jicl»de Gas 7^l,
123 National niscult \\ 42 "
National Uiscult prefd ' '.4U
200 National I>-a<l :>>v
National L«ad prefd "l'7'-i
«3*-N"a«onaS Steft 4^
S7l National Sto<«l prefd ;. ' «.;,i;
New York Air Brake 144
2.100 North AmTloan 1214
150 l»aciflc Coa!<t ...";; 61
Pacific Coast Ist j>refil s<
Pacific Co«!«t 2d ..... Ci
5,925 Pacific Mall 4«;\:
9,<ir.O I'oople'B Ga» 1131,
fi-iO Pir?«od Steel rm r . 67
?Wl I'ressri Steel Car prefd f,9Vi
If-** Pullman Palace «Tar IS3
<"t"2 Standard Rope & Twine us,
Pn.«) Suc.ir l«J0
Sucar prefd 117
J.2*!i> T< nnccK* Cool & Iron 114
14.57S Unltfd States leather Civ^
10.KO Tnltod States Leather prefd t:^
VA I'nited States Rubber 47< 4
4^. fnltod State" Rubber prpfd llOVi
I.CI We«rrrn Union fVi
2.OSS Republic Iron A Steel ;-,
720 Republic Iron A Steel prefd 70
P C C A St L.vis 75
641.900 Total xa'.es.
ci>dpin-o b^xps.
IT S2s r*K 101 M X • TMI 70
V S Jii r-n I(» i •■ X A T 4s '.'i
US 3s coup Ims ix V ■-.•ml 15t5..112
U S new 4» reic...l3l\.N J Ctnt cen 55. ..120%
L 8 nr\v 4s caup...131», N Carolina 127
U H old 4s rep 113>i N' Carolina 4s 104
U S old 4s coup. ..113 jN Pacific lets 113
I Slb reff 11l X pacific Is lf;;i;
U S is coup 11l |N PnrJfic 3s GT.i.
Dist of Col 3C.....117 NYC ASt ■. 4s..lt.^*
Alabama clans A..110H 'X A W con 4s K\.
Alabama cla-ss 11. .111 JC A \V gen 6k.... IB
Alabama clai»n CIO] Or Nay lsts K-S
Alabama Currency. l(o Or Nay 4* ..Ml
Atcbtson sen 45... r.S4(>r Shf>rt lAne 6s! I°SU
Atchlnon adj 45... M Or S Lin- con 5s 114
ranada Fo 2d« 107*; Reading Gen 4a S7»i
Chea A Ohio 4^8.. IS R r, \V l F ts S7U
Ches A Ohio 6«...11<5Vi 91 L I M C 55....110 iT
C A NW cm 75.... 14! BL A S FG Cs 1"4i4
<■ * NWSFdeb tr.Mi st Paul cons "1:1
CM.-aro Term 45.. !•« St PC A P lata US
DA R G IMS 103 Pt PC A Pln !?1
I) A R (~, 4k 9SU <5O5 O nailway Ss-.-iilOS-ii
E Tenn.ViO Ists.li3\ Stand RAT 65... S3
Hrie General 4» 72 ;Tenn new set 3s 92
F V. A I> luts SO ,Tex & Par IPts....H4U
General idee 1a... 11l Tex A Pac 2ds .. MU
<; II A 8 A la 110 ; Un:nn Parific 45.. .104
Q H A 8 A 2di....K*H:Watiaiih lMs . 114
H A T C f.n 112 .Wabash 2<ls 100
HA T C con Cs 110 '.'. •-! Shore 4«.. .113
lowa Central 15t5. .115 Wls Central lata 75
KCP A O lsts.... 72 Va Centuries 5514
:La new cons 4s 103 Va Deferred . -
LAN Unl 4s I«tt4'rvio A 8 4s " S6
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point j0 ■ '; !:lr 110
Con Cal A Va 1 4"t Plymouth so
I>ea^wo<-«1 . 60 Quicksilver 1 HO
Oo«W A Ourry..,., — IS — 1>» pref <-rrwl 7 o>
Hale A Norcross... i". Sierra Nevada 42
I!onip«<tcU* 63 0) Standard ... 2 c't
Iron Silvef f.O Union Con si
Mexican 4S Yellow Jacket IS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND 3.
Money— i Westings Elec.... 43
Call loans Will; I>o prefd C 4
Time loans i'.iW* Wls Central ••>
Stocks— Dominion Coal 4S>4
Atrh T A St Fe.... 23 Da prefd 117
Do prefd » C 6 Bonds—
American SiiKar....l.'.iT4 Atchlmm 4s 9SU
I»o prefd 117*4 Mining Shares-
Hell Telephone 364 \<l\pnture 614
Boston .-. Albany. .2^s 'Allouez Mln Co 4U
Boston Elevated... 102 lAtlantlc 16^
Boston & Maine — 2O.'i ;iio<-ton & Montana. 3ir,
Chi B A Q IZ2\% Butte A Boston... 72H
Fitchburp prefd — 120 «'alum-!t A He01a..7C3
General Electric... lTiii Centennial 24T*
Do prefd 133 Franklin it,
Federal Steel M»i HumbjlJt m
I>o prefd Bf»4 Osceola so^
Mexican Central... 12.. Parmt 44«£
Mlfh Telephone 103 Qulncy ■>£2'
Old Colony, ex dlv.2"is jSt Fe Copper 8
old Dominion 31 'Tamarack 215
Rubber 4714 Wlnona 8
Union Paclilc 49>i Wolverines *2K
Union Land 34 Utah 37
West End prefd... US
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— Money on oall firmer.
Nt .'O6 per cent: last loan. 5 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. E»i©6 i>er cent. Sterling ex
change heavy, with actual buslneFS In bank
era' bills at $4 «H fcr demand and at $4 M';«
4 kIH for CO days; posted rates. 14 82Htj4 S7U;
commercial bills. «4 81; sliver certificates, EMi©
6»i»c;tar sUver, USe Mexican dollars. tt^O
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1899.
Government bonds strong; State bonds Inac
tive; railroad bonds irrecular.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets her* had a good start to-day on
the news from South Africa. They were fairly
active for an hour after, which enthusiasm waa
chilled by a rumor that two gold mines had
been wrecked. Africans broke and thereon the
market weakened. Consols fell 4. to 1034.
The market began talking of dear money again.
Americans were quiet and firm until New York
becon selling them, and the closing was Irre
gular at fractional losses. At the special set
tlement for Southern Pacific the contango was
6436. Paris bought Spanish four up to 65',. Tln
tos were 46*». Anacondas S^,, Avinos, 1 13-16.
Gold to the amount of £45.000 Wai taken fT
Batavla. Money was firm early, but supplies
came out later.
ci> I6TNO
LONDON, Nov. 20— Canadian Pacific. 9*4.
Union Pacific preferred. 79; Northern Pacific,
775: Atchison. 24: Grand Trunk. 74; Anaconda,
84. Bar silver, quiet, 27 l-16d per ounce; money,
34 uer cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Not. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29.001; exports. 10.251 bushels. Fairly active
and firm, especially for winter wheat product.
WHEAT— Receipts. 107.300; exports. 32.375
bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red, 73NiC afloat
spot; No. I Northern Duluth, 77',- f. o. b.
! afloat to arrive DOW; No. 1 hard Duluth. "S^ic
I fob afloat »pot: No. } red. 72c elevator. Option*
i orenod firm about He advance on higher cables
! and conflicting estimates as to the visible sup
ply statement. Covering carried prices Me
higher, but the market was not active and
prices declined when the oftlcial visible supply
statement showed an increase of 1.425,tK>0 bush-
J els. Closed easy at net unchanged prices to
>*c advance. March. 75V<?75 ;::-l<;.-. closed 75Sc;
December. 72'iiW72 9-16 c. closed 72Wc.
HIDES I
LEATHEK-Steady. «
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures— The market closed steady
at a net gain of 20 to 25 points. Salos. 34.5"0
baps, including December. $." BSQS 65: January,
$5 COOS e.j; March. $5 7005 SO; May. $:. h.'.ft :» [«»:
July. $5 S".Ti6; August, {•' Scptemlier. $0 "it?
6 10; October, $6 IS. Spot coffee— Rio, flmi: No.
7 Invoice, «4c: No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild, firm;
Cordova. C\fjll»ic.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining, 3 !3-lf.e
bid: centrifugal. !«> test. 4v;c bid; mnlstn s
*u*;ar. 3 ?-15c; refined, steaiiy.
METALS— Business In metals begnn the week
1 on a small seal* with the mnrkot showing
. weakness In nearly every department. Lower
markets abroad, nnfavorable advices from
the West. !;l>eral offerings nnd scarcity of
buyers were the causes for the heaviness. At
the close the Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull and neglected.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet: $17(j17 25.
I TIN — Lower and easy at $27 25{i27 50.
LEAD— Steady nt $4 MM 65.
SPELTER— Easy; $4 f.0'04 60.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper *17f7 17 2S.
BUTTER— Receipts. packages. Firm;
Western oreamerx', 21^ 26c; June creamery, 2iKi
2t4r : factory. 154017 c.
EGGS— Receipts. W packages. Steady;
I Western ungraded at mark, 14020 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
California dried fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common. «07c:
prime wire tray. '. sj Sc ; choice, $'4^4^ fancy
PRUNES-31te84c
APRICOTS-Royal. 12015 c; Moorpark. 1501Ke.
PEACHES— 74*«10c; peeled, 2C022c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.— The strength of Liver- i
pool was the prime factor in the local wheat
pit at the opening. The predictions of a small ■
Increase in the visible and In local stocks
were potent influences. Initial prices — Decem
her at 07 ! t .- and May at 71'«S71\c— were •«??
J , •• over Saturday's closing figures. At no time
throughout the session did the trading become \
animated and fluctuations were narrow. St.
Louis was a buyer In this market. Country '
offerings were reported falling oil to a degree.
On the strength of these statistics December
advanced to 674 c and May to 714'Q7lHc. At
, this point the market wavered slightly on sell
ing Hcainst calls and later the advance was
all lost, the early prediction in regard to light
Increases in slocks falling before statistics
showing a liberal Increase In the visible and [
in local t-tocks. Instead of the Increuse in
the visible bc-lng under a million It loomed
up to 1. 430.000 bushels. The wheat absorbed
earlier in the session wu disposed of to a
great extent. December selling down to 66 ? »ilr
67c and May to 710714 c, closing at these figures
— December a shade under Saturday and May
j unchanged.
Corn was firm. Wet weather In the South
west, with predictions of more, entailing bad >
roads and ■ •,••■ difficulty In moving
cr-ips, was the most potent Influence. Decem
l>er closed l«cl «c higher at 32c. May closed 4c
better at 33c.
Oats were firm, the demand for December
Riving th:tt option particular Strength Offer-
Ings were small and the strength of corn was
a steadying Influence. The December discount
narrowed to lOl^c December closed Wi l *c
over Saturday at 22>i023'ic. May closed U«';c
higher at 24»4fc24V:.
Provisions were steady, opening slightly
nbove Saturday's dose January pork ... K ed
from $!• 474. January lard sold from *" O? 1 *^
5 10 to $5 124. closing 24c better at $5 10. Jan
uary ribs ranged from $4 &5 to $4 974. closing
;uj.o over Saturday nt $4 95.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close"
Whfat No. 2—
December C7H 674 66% 67
May nil 71% 71 71%
Com No. 2—
December 31 i 32*4 3i'4 BU
January 314 11% 314 314
May 33 334 1214 33
Oats No. 2—
December 23 23 1 i 2?, -ji
May 24>,; 24H 24', :4\
Mess Pork, per barrel—
December - 00 S 05 8 00 8 024
January 9 474 950 9 474 9 4714
May 9 574 960 9 574 » 574
Lard, per 100 pounds—
December 485 4 R74 483 4 574
January 6 074 6 124 I 074 110
May 5 274 530 £274 530
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December .... .... 4 g5
January 4 :•;>» 4 974 4 924 4 '<!■
May 6 074 510 l 074 110
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. I spring wheat. 61Q67c: No 2 red'
04&*53 c: No. 2 corn. 33c: No. 2 oats, 234fi24c'
No. 2 white. My, No. 3 white. 25Q26c- No " '
rye, C2c: No. 2 barley, 37043 c; No. 1 flaxsecd
$1 2301 30: prime timothy seed, $2 4502 55; mess
pork, per barrel, $7 6009 60; lard, per 100 pounds
$4 8005; short ribs sides (loose). }, Ss<fis 15; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). $5 37405 60; short
clear sides (boxed), $5 1305 20; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 234.
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.000 21,C«>J
Wheat, bushels 69,000 S^rt
Corn, bushels I<-5,<W) 857*000
Oats, bushels 150.000 C67!0>0
Rye. bushels 4,000 T9!o-)0
Barley, bushels 45.000 t!ooo
— On the^ Produce Exchange to-day Ihe~hutter
rnnrket was firm: creamery. XC4O2Sc; dairy H
622 c. Cheese, easy. 114Q12UC Eggs, firm. lSc
Foreign Futures.
• , ,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Dec. Mar. May
Opening 5 84 I 9% 5 S*i'
Closing 6 !• 5 10 6 1014
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June
Opening 17 is 18 65
Closing 17 40 is 70
Flour—-
Opening 23 :<S 24 70
Closing 23 25 24 76
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— CATTLE— Steady to
strong on good to choice grades; others lower;
stockcrs and feeders steady. Good to choice.'
I (5 £,o{i6 90; poor to medium, $4 4005 40; mixed
m k'-rs. $."..^ 75; selected feeders, $4 2554 75
good to choice cows. $3 6/>@4 40; heifers, $3 500
I; canners. $2ii?3: bulls. $2 Co#4 20; calves, $4.3 i
7: fed Texas beeves, $4 5<X&6 75; grass Texas '
steers, $3 i:.'; 4 25; Western range beeves, $4g> '
HOGS — Active; mostly 5c higher: closed
strong; good clearances. Mixed and butchers
$3 80&4 00; good to choice heavy, $3 9504 074*
rough, heavy. $3 8003 85; lights, $3 7504; bulk '
of sales. $3 !*>Q4.
SHEEP— Strong:;, lambs steady; native weth- [
ers. $3 I%Qi M; lambs. Jt-.'S H; Western weth
ers. |S 9Ooi 2S Western lambs. »t 7.'<tTs W.
Ipts— Cattle hogs, 34,000; sheep.
IS. OOO.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— Porter Bros.* Com
pany sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays.
$2 40 double and $1 15 single crates; Cornlchons,
$2 20 double and $101 50 single crates.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes— Red
■Emperor, 3Ccosl 75 single crates; clusters. $1^
2: Cornlchons. $1100140 single and $2 1502 40
double crates; Tokays, $1 1»01 75 single and $2 30
03 05 double crates Five cars of fruit were
CHICAGO. X..v 20 —Earl I'rult Company's
Mies of California fruit: Grapes— Cornlchons.
r>sofasl3o ulnirle crates: Emperor, Csco« 45.
Pears— Winter Nellis. $120: Vicar, $1300135.
Three cars of fruit were sold.
Porter Bros. 1 Company sales: Grapes—Cor
nlchons, 75c05l 50 .ilngle crates; Verdelle, 80c@
$1 40; Ferrera, 6Ocosl 10; Tokays, 80c.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. 50.— The statement of the
■ supply of gTain in store and at!
Saturday. November ■ piled by the
New *.)-.)• .1- iv folio* I
Wheai 1 bushels: Increase :
bushels; decrease
l . hels; deer* ■
llye 1.362,1 ■■> hufhels: ■ .-jUO. Barley
—3.113,000 bushels; increase. 4-
Condition ol the 'Treasury.
■WASHINGTON. N ■ T-.-Jay's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avall
r.sh balance. $293,M>3.25;»; gold reserve,
C-47,<4=,,M7.
Foreign Markets.
I^iNDON. Nov. JO— Coneola. 10» 7-U; Bllrer.
27 1-16 d; French Rentes. lOOf 37^c.
Wheat o&rgoefi off coapt. buyera Indifferent
■ ■p>nLt"rs: cargoes >n passdge, quiet and steady:
. *rg *»s No. 1 Standard California. 30s 3d. Eng
heli country markets, firm. Import into United
Kingdom wheat, 260,000 quarters; Flout
j bbls. Wheat and Flour on passage to United
KlKg.Jnm. 1.890.000; Wheat and Flour on ;
■ :inent 1
LIVERPOOL. Nov. M.-Wheat, steady. Wheat
in Paris. qquit.e t . Flour In Paris, quiet. French
( ountry markets, dull.
:i - I'pJands. 4'» l.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or. Nov. 20.-Clearinga. $4SO.-
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or. Nov. W.-Whlle nr a rule
1 wheat buyers were In line with the
the world to-day, a few of them WOTS
• v. heat and Be was t.-
'la Walla, with a fra.
Valley was ;r poorer demand
I . was about the •
■ • irket, with some dealer- quoting
■ d Wnlla Walla.
Cleared I'.rltish ship cc r own nf England for
Queenstown with M&tfJ bushels of wheat.
WASHI.NV.T' .\.
TACOXA, N .iv. 20 -No change In wheat
Club, &i''«c, Muehtera. 52.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 <?:«
Sterling Exchange, sight . — 4 fcß<^
Sterling Cables — 4 -7 *
i-. «• .im >-.\< iidi.^e. Kisnt — io
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
McxlCau itolial.i — 4S
Fine Silver, per ounce — SSH
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There seems to be plenty of Wheat
In the world, in spite of the figures of statisti
cians, for the vlstble supply of the United
States continues to Increase with unvarying
regularity and the reported shortage abroad
does not prevent prices from declining. The
Increase In the visible last week was 1.430.CXV)
bushel?, which, however, was at Chicago, the
lakes and canal, as the outside decreased
200.000.
Chicago opened firmer. In sympathy with an
advance at Liverpool and Parts. The world's
shipments for the week were 7,200,0W bushels,
of which the Continent took 4,000,000. The mar
ket was very dull, thoajgh a good demand for
export was reported at New York and Montreal.
This higher cables Indicated a demand, but it
was offset by December liquidation, under
which prices declined, though the tone was
firm at the decline. Lisbon took 100.000 bushels
of No. 2 red.
Futures were weak. The spot market was
dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $I@l 011£; milling.
$1 03* £1 wiV
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— i?.nno
ctls. "'■''«: 12,000. $1 09* i; December— 2ooo.
$1 or*; 20.0m\ $1 01*,.
Second SesMon— No fales.
Regular Morning Session — fO^O ctls, $1 COM'
4000. Jl (Wi: December— 4soo. $1 "l 1
Afternoon Session— May— 2o,ooo ctls. $1 00; 40.-
Unt. —$1 **<%i — 2"iW. — $1 08% i December — 14,080
$1 01>i: IS.'""**. $1 •!■<.
BARLEY Besides the domand for call board
lots already mentlon«d there is nothing doing.
Feed. li'a^'-.c; Brewing and Shipping grade*.
8"V»5BS2 l r*c; Chevalier, nominal.
M. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— I Ii o'clock— No sales.
Second Section— No lies.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls. SOc.
Afternoon Session— December — 6000 i-t!.- S4^4c.
OATS— Were dull and unchanged yesterday. *
White-$1 10»ll »J\ Ked. 11 tf'Afc'l i,-,; Gray
$1 07« l :-. Black. 97'4c©$l 10.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow. $1 05®l 074;
White, $1 «••" ■'•/ 1 ' ■7' 7 ; mixed. $102411106 per ctl.
RYE— B7Hc©JI 02^ per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 90j?2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 «v^3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4(XS3 50; Oregon
and Washing) $3 40©3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 25<ff3 40 for bakers' and $2 2533 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per IM lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 tO; Hominy. $3 2,')'.i3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, !•».<-. Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farlnu
$4 &0; While Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6 051*6 .... In sacks. $5 tMM 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split I'eas, $4 50; Green Peas, $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues heavy, but prices are no lower.
All Feed-tuffs remain as previously quoted.
BRAD fl6 M@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $lSfi2o it-r ton.
FEEDS I M .- Rolled Barley. $17 50#lS per
ton: oil Cake Meal at the mill. 12*0X7: Jobbing
$27 MC2B; Coconnut cake. 120021; Cornmea:'
415 Dli'j24 M); Cracked Corn. tUtQlb. Mixed Feed
$1S 50'<il": Cottonseed MeHl. $2S per ton. ■ ' ■
HAY— Wheat. $7 Bo©9 for common to good and
$9 SOtfjlO for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7&9; Oat
»7{iKr.O; Barley. $6498: Alfalfa. $04/8 per ton;
Compressed. $7010 per ton.
STRAW— 3OQ 45c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
No further advance In Beans was noted, but
the market was quoted very firm.
BEANS-Bayos, $341 3 25: small White, $2 90®
3; large White. '.- 40®2 CO; Pinks. $2 55Q2 75;
Reds, $3 75!U4: Blackeye. $4 50*14 75; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $4 yt'^a: Pea, $2 85& 3; Red Kid
neys. $3<R3 .',ll per ctl.
BEEDS- Blown .Mustard. 3g;?4c; Yellow Muii
tard. 4<j4--.-. Flax. $2 12V4: Canary. 14c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nom
inal; Rape, 2»vis3c; Hemp, 4Ji4Vsc: Timothy.
4(T4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nilcs. $1350150; Green. $175
Cl S5 per ell.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Blver Potatoes are rather weak. Vegetables
are weak. except Los Angeles sorts, which are
younger and more tender than the old lota from
the bay.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60<j?65c: Burbanks.
WS65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $10125; Ore
gon Burbanks. 65c&$l 10; Sweet Potatoes. 7sc4J
Ssc for Rivers and $1 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— €S(gSSc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4£7 c per lb;
String Beans. CQ9c; Cabbage. 4"'::.o<-. Tomatoes.
15fc25e; Egg Plant. o-^7sc; Dried Okra. 124 c
per It.. GarKc. sc: Green Peppers, nominal:
Carrots. 3CQ'4'?c per sack; Cucumbers, sO<£f
COc; Los Angeles Summer Squash, |>er
bex: Marrowfat Squash. $12if?'15 per ton: Mush
rooms, 10© 15c per lb for choice and s#Bc for
poor
Poultry and Game.
Game was lower and weak yesterday. The
retailers found themselves with liberal stocks
of high-priced birds left over from last week,
and feeling sere over It were shy of the market,
hence the decline.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry were put In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13<&14c for Gob
blers and 13-5 14 c for Hens: Young Turkeys, 14©
15c; Dressed Turkeys, 15(fl8c: Geese, per pair,
$150®l7o; Goslings, $1 50g£l 75: Ducks, Hit* 50
for old and Jf.^6 for young; Hens, $4 UniOi 60;
Young Roosters, $&GiB0; Old Roosters, $4 5O«»5;
Fryers. J4©4 50: Broiler*. $3 6004 for large, $S«>
3 EG tor email; Pigeons, $1 23 per dozen for old
and Jl 7591 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. J:'/J5O; Mallard. J6@S: Can
vaiiback. I7M; Sprig. J3 sOft4; Teal. J3Q3 50;
"Widgeon. J2 60(£f3: Small Duck. $2©2 GO; Doves.
Tie per dozen: Hare. 51 2T.J71 jo; Rabbits. II 25©
175; Gray Gee**?, J4; White. II 60«fl 75; Brant.
»2'u3; English Snipe, »2y2 M per dozen; Jack
Snipe. $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The weakness in Butter continues, and buyers
can secure concessions from almost every
dealer. Cheese Is firm at a further advance.
Ranch Eggs are so scarce that they bring
anything dealers are disposed to auk.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24c and occa
slonally 25c; seconds. 20@23c.
Dairy— Fancy. .^<uZ2>nc. good to choice, Me:
common, 10c.
Pickled roll. 22©22-4 c; firkin. 21c; creamery
tub. 22©?3c.
Eastern— KffiSc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12<212Hc: old,
llHc; You:;* America. 1241/ Eastern, 154« a
16 ; c; Western, 12>*iQ15c per Ib.
EGGS— Quoted at 27^a^35c for common and 43
015 c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 27&25 C for
t-electcd. 24ij26c for No. 1 and iu«f^^»o lor sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are now liberal stocks of Oranges on
the market, but prices show no further decline.
Lemons are also abundant and weak. The Pan
ama steamer brought up 307 boxes Mexican
Limes.
The demand for Cranberries Is less eager,
as supplies are somewhat larger.
Grapca are much higher and very scarce.
Quinces are out of demand and lower.
Mandarin Oranges are on the market at $1 75
ill per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Applet*, 36((i65c per box for common, 75c3Jl for
good and II 2SCI M for choice.
BERRlES— Strawberries. Jlo@ll per chest for
small and J3@4 for large lorries; Raspber
ries. Js@ti per chest; Blackberries, JS36; Huckle
berries. Ujplc per Ib; «'ape Cod Cranberries.
$84^9 60; Coos Bay Cranberries, Jl 60@l 75 per
box.
Persimmons. &Tj'?j7*;<~ per box.
Grapes, lOg-SSc per box; crates, 65c9J1,
Winter Wars. Writl 25 per box.
Quinces, 25®50c per box.
Pomegranates. Dull 75c per small box and II 50
per large box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges. J253 50 per
box; Seedlings, $11 ft 50; Grape Fruit. SI 50^ <
3 60; Lemons. 7loOflM for common and $2 '&
3 60 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 £04f
4 50; Bananas, JIQ2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
©2 £0 per doz.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4\c for
40-60's, 4%c for 60-60 - 8. 3\c for CO-70's. »^c for
70-80'b. 3c for SO-90's and 2** c for &0-10O*s; Apri
cots, lliilSc for Royals. 12V4ftl6c for Moor
parks and 12*jl4c for Blenheims; Peaches, SO
s«*c for Standards, l#f)6o for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12H®15c; Evaporated
Apples. ~U~\c: Sun-dried, s®sHc per Ib; Nec
tarines, SHO'Jc per Ib for red; Pears. 6V(;sc for
Quarters and 8^?10c for halves: Black Kigs 3«»
3%c: White Figs. 4QCc; Bleached i'lum*. iQ'jc;
Unbleached Plums, ~>'ifl\ic for pitted and i',»c
for unfitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, Ho; choice. 9c; standard, %c; prime. 6c; un
blenchfd Tbomoeon'sj, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per Ib. SVjc; choice. 7Vic; standard. 64c;
prime, Be; unbleached Sultanas. &c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
3-crown. 4 c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers
2-crown. SI 50 per box: 3-crown. Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. »2 50; Imperial. S3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
N UTS-Chestnuts. B<3l2Hc; Walnuts. r 'ffioc for
standards, and 10H©ll\»c for softshell; Al
monds. 12'J134c for paper-shell. lOOlic for soft
and btiic for hardshell: Peanuts, S\'a~fc\c for
Kustern. and Be for California; Brazil Nuts
7HSS>ic: Filberts. HH6l2c; Pecans. Italic'
Cocoanuts. U W)4is.
HONEY— Comb. ll!*c for bright and lOVjc for
light amber: water white extracted. "}iUTAc
llpht amber extrncted. 6U«7c; dark, 5Uc per lb'
BEESWAX— per Ib. .
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9v;c per lb for
leavy. 340 for light medium, lO'.^c for light.
«2'~c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12"4 c; California
ilams. nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family. $14. extra Prime Pork. $14 50
extra clear. $17 CO; mess. $16 r.O; Smoked Beef
WSW^q cer lb.
LA Ul>— Tierces quoted at «^c :*r lb or
compound mid 7c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
;1., . 10-lfa tins. Ie; 6-lb tins. g^e.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7\&7Sc -rib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool Is now getting scarce, as the sharp de
mand has greatly reduced the assortment.
Hides are ajso getting scarce all over the
United States. as the Transvaal war has caused
large shipments of Hides and Leather from this
country to England, and the demand is still
Increasing.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about Ie under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
HHc: medium, lie; light. 10V»c; Cowhides, low
10> c; Stags. '■' . Salted Kip. 10c; Calf, loc;
Dry Hides, sound. 17(& ISc; culls and brands,
14c; Dry Kip and Wai. 16c; Dry Calf. 18c;
Sheepbklns. yearlings. 2<J'a3sc each; short Wool.
;:;^yi: each; medium, 7K(jM>c: long Wool, tl'J
1 25 each; Horse Bides, rait. $2 5U for large and
Jlfol DO for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. M?5Hc per lb; No.
2, 44c: refined. CftC'.^c; grease. 2'.ic
WOOL—
Fall clip— Ban Joaqutn plains. 809Hc; South
ern. MJICc; Middle County. IC©1?V»c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 151j16c. Eastern Oregon. 12ft 15c;
Valler Oregon.- • : .--rl — . Northern M"nmitn,
free. llf?13c; Northern Mountain, defective. 100
lie x.t! lb.
HOPS— Sfi 10c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
n ks nr<> steady at tne recent advance,
though lncr» • les are oomlac in from
■ ntaUh [•■•ints.
BBKF WHtfl per lb for Steera and 6467 c
for Cows.
VEALr-Sfi9c PT lb.
MITT'iN Wethers, 7c; Ewes. 614 c per lb.
MTSHc [er lb.
PORK Live H • ,c fnr smn'
B*4c for meduim . f,,r Ihtk-
Hogs and fe. :■ ■ 1 H . - .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 74i7Vic: Wool
Bags. BeaOe; Fruit Bags. 6c. 6'ic and 6*; c for
the three grades of white and 7-..c for bleached
Jute.
1 < 'AI. — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $.v. s..uthfleiti Wellington $7 ia<
Seattle. J6. Hryatit. |t; Coos Bay, R Wall.«
eni. js. s.-.,tch. — . Cumberland, $:< to in
bulk and Jll 2". in wicka; Pennsylvania An
thrnrite F.^K. |U; Caonel, $■ H , H . k
Bprim • ■•■ date, $..(,•; i-,,k,. $13 „„.
ton In t.r.!k and ji;. m sacks '
LINSEED OIL Raw. in harrela. 54.-; boiled
In bnr- ■ r.»w. In canes, i»c- bailed | r i
cases, Clc.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20.
Flour, qr sks U.MI Sugar, sks.... 1310
Wheat, ctls 1,470 Beans, sks.... 4'm
Barley, ctis 3.C00 Potatoes, sks.. 5*330
Cheese, ctls i Onions, sks.... '•>«
Butter, ctls i:s Bran, sks " V
Tallow, ctls 18; Middlings, sks... lio
Oats, ctls 180, Hay. tons 730
Corn. East. ctls.. (■<•>• Straw, tons.... 10
Pelts, bdls 73. Hops, bales.... " h
Hides, No Wool bags... ->32
Eggs, do* 7.2C0 ('silver, flats! "1
Raisins, bxs 4,40* Leather, r0115....' 173
Sugar, bbls 67 Wine, gals 243^0
Lime, bbls 364 1 >M>
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.136
WASHINGTON.
Flour, or eks 6.224 Wheai. ctls 4300
Oat*, ctls 1.560|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was lively on the morning call of
the Bond Exchange. The sugar stocks were
dull, the only transaction being in Paauhau.
which declined to *.;-. Than was a further
break in Gaa & Electric to J52. and a marked
decline in Spring Valley Water to $:<l 374
Oceanic Steamship was llrmcr at $33.
in the afternoon Oceanic advanced to $34 25
and Giant Powder to t"J3 75. The sugar stocks
ware weak, Makawell selling down to *43
Onomea to $34, I'aauhau to »32 and Hutchinson
to $2C 50.
Ther.- was rather more trading In oil stocks
as will be seen by the list of sales, and prices
exhibited more fluctuation. Tidal Wave and
Anaconda being prominent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Nov. 20-2 p. m.
Ask. l;il| A , k
U S Bond*- Eqult O L Co. 6 6'i
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 14 ijil
4s quar re*.... — — OGL &H. _ "*
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. SIU S3
3s quar coup... — — Pac Light Co.. — 41
Miscellaneous— s f g 4 L.... 52 53
Cal-st Cab £s.H7 — Son Fran... 31* _
C C Wat 5*. ...108%— Stockton Gas. 12 —
Ed L 4 P 6i.1i0 — t Insurance—
FftCl Ry 6a. 115 — Flrem's Fund •"0 —
Geary-st R Ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & 8 5H5..107H - An lo-Cal ..... «5 _
L A Ry 55.... — 10« Bank of Cal.. 390 Mi
L A LCo 65.. M — Cal SD & T.. HK 97
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First National — 245
Do gntd 5a.. — — Lon P & A... 129 —
LA& P R 68.104 — Her Ex... — t«
Market-st 68...125*; - xcvx cv Nat 8k.. .1834190
Da Ist M 5a.116t,H7% : Savings HankV
MCN U X 75.112 - Ger S & L...1700 _
N Kof Cal 6a. 116 — Hum B A L.1060 1160
Nlt of Cal 55. 113 1134 Mm Eav Hk. 33 45
NPCIt it ts.lvl _ .- r .-.iv I.. SOU —
N* PC R R 58.108 109 Say AI. So. — 85
N Cal Hll Ss.lliJi - .- . fcav Ilk.. — 11»
OaL. A H Ss.lOS 103 Union T C 0. .1400 1440
Oak Trun (a. .lit 112 Street Railroads—
Oak W Co «».108 — California 11» —
Ocean S s 55.1U9 110 1 Geary M —
Ob C Ky <».. - i:.,., Market-at 61%, 63
P&CI Ry 65.. 1074 — Oak .-UAH. — •'"'
Pk AO Hy 68.115 — Presidio — 30
Powell-st X 6s — 122 Powder—
Sac El G&R5s. — — California IT6 —
8r & N P ss.H4*i - B Dynamite... X !»l
sF & EJV55...115 — Giant Con Co. 94 94*;
3 Ity of Cal bs.lU3>; — Vlgorit 1 3> t
S P of A Gs... — 114 Sugar—
8P C 65(1505). — 111 liana P C 0.... »4 10
SP C 6s(1906).lll — Haw C&S Co — 95
SP C 63(1912). H5V; — Hcnokaa S Co. 334 —
B P<•ls eg ss. — — Hutch S P Co. Khi. —
SPBr Cs 123 — Kllnuea S Co.. Zi^i Zi
S V Wat 15....114%11l IMakaw-ll SCo — 4C
B V Wat 4- t(>3 io3tj nonet 8 Co.. 33** —
S V W45(3dm).101% — Paautaa B Co. 32 —
Mktn Gas >».- . — — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn. US 110
Contra Costa.. 77 — Mer Xx Assn.. - IWJ
•Mann Cojnty. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 94 944
Spring Valley. 94U 96 Pac A X A.... »*» —
Gas and Electric— i Pac C Bor C 0.14» —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. 84 —
Cent L & P.... « 7
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas « 114
30 Giant Powder Con 92 W
20 Giant Powder Con 62 25
20 Hutchinson Sugar 27 <■*
10 Oakland Gas 47 00
10 Oceanic B B Co 93 00
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 32 0)
100 Vlgorlt Powder 300
10 Contra Costa Water "< *"'/i
10 Contra Costa Water ~ r > 1*
100 Equitable Our * 25
25 Onomea Sugar Co £> 00
25 Market Street Railway 62 00
10 Market Street Railway «1 T3
200 Paauhau Sugar Co 32 00
20 S V Water 94 50
10 S V Water M 25
20 V Water »« 124
35«0 8 V \V 4i 2.1 mortgage 102 (X)
100 Vigorit Powder 3 124
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
4<W Tidal Wave 146
200 Ida! Wave 250
400 Tidal Wave 2"
100 Tidal Wave 2 60
200 Marker Rnnrh 1 05
40<) Barker Ranch 1 10
600 Century Oil Co 75
100 Anaconda Oil Co 110
3<io Anaconda Oil Co 1 15
300 Anaconda OH Co 120
200 Anaconda Oil Co 125
100 Anaconda Oil Co 120
3fio Oakland Oil & Gas Co 40
$50 Yukon Crude Oil Co 3 00
Street —
300 Barker Ranch OH Co 1 10
100 Shamrock oil Co 2 25
2(0 Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 W
2>iO Yukon Crude Oil Co - 85
too Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 90
Afternoon Session.
Board—
HO Tidal Wave 2 «0
400 Century Oil Co 75
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
2"0 Anaconda Oil 1 35
300 Annconda Oil 140
2W Oakland Oil & Gas C 40
1M Yukon Crude Oil 2 75
200 Yukon Crude Oil 2 »
Street—
200 Tidal Wave 2 60
100 Century Oil Co 75
60 Yukon Crude Oil 2 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1900 Dominion 40
ISO New Hope 1 .-,
I '!") Penn*yl\anla Consolidated 1 in)
2i>o Petroleum Center »
200 I'etrcleum Center, b 30 35
3<'j San Luis 5 624
Street—
ICO minion 49
3C"i I •• minion 4;
ICO San Luis  ] jfu
100 San Luis 5 75
Afternoon -..in.
Board —
10 Blue Goose nil
£''<> Dominion * 40
300 Dominion """ .•
1-10 Home Oil "■■ iv) M
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated .. . ' 1 ft)
400 Petroleum Center j)
300 Petroleum Center, bXI * r; •
100 San Luis """ s *
Street— I
300 Dominion 45
Morning Session.
Board—
2. r . Alaska Packers' Assn ii« «
65 Contra Costa Water " " 17 r> ?
30 Contra Costa Water 77 T«i>
85 Contra Costa Water " "—,.", 2
10 Cal Safe Deposit ] ;! Lg<M
15 Market Street Railway, cash..!.' f,» <y>
121.00 N P O R R 5* ....:". ilm
10 Oceanic B 8 Co '2 m '
st« Paauhau B P Co ?J ,„
IUO S !• Gaslight 1 - ,
20 S F G«s & Electric C 0..;....!".". <•* o-(
M B F Gas a Electric Co " 5 '.',
60S V Water 9 r , «->i4
SOS V Water 95 so 4
25 S V Water km
SO S V Water i} ".I <
10 S V Water \\] MITU
61 S V Water ....'." 94 7',
50 Vlgorit Powder ...
Street—
J7OCO Oakland Water 5s 108 00
Afternoon Session.
P.ard—
5 Cal Safe Deposit 97 (V)
10 Contra Costa Water 77 01
2<w Equitable Gas ... fi ( , ?
— l^Lfllant^P^wdT C^n.i "" 53
10 Gfant Powder Con •••-•• 93 '••■
60 Hutchins..n S P Co "' -« in
10 Makawell *;*;*; J?
25 Market Street Railway ** 61 $,71
5 Market Street Railway '.' 6" 00
65 Oceanic S S Co 9. M
20 Oceanic 8 8 1 0 '..."..l.. 94 jj
12S Onomea Sugar t_o ;; # 34 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 33 75
3'o uhau B 1' Co r» (*\
2fi S V Water '.'.'.'.'.'" 94 27L;
S5 .- V Water '..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. 91 25
-MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes IS 709 Ophlr 1 35
100 Andes 17 [ 100 Potosl " ' 31
900 Best & Belcher. 52 MO Potosl ... " m
100 Bullion 07 100 Savage .... ... \%
160 Con Cal & Va..l Co| 400 Seg Belcher"" 07
150 Con Cal & Va..i 651 200 Sierra Nevada 10
100 Confidence Ml 200 Sierra Nevada 49
600 Crown Point .. 24! 090 Ini.n Con ...! 39
100 Gould & Curry. M 100 I'nlon Con 40
COO Mexican 53 500 Yellow Jacket. 21
200 Mexican 6S|
Afternoon Session.
I 100 Belcher 32 300 Mexican .... 62
200 Best & Belcher. H 600 Ophlr . "l »
3.-1 Best & Belcher. 49 200 Ophlr .... ""1 2<>
100 Caledonia 59; 3na Potosl .... " n
100 Challenge 22 200 Potosl . . ""*" 2,1
100 Choi lar 24: 200 Savage #< * 7
300 Chollar 23 1700 Sierra Nevada' 47
300 Con cal A v.i 1 ..;. 100 Sierra Nevada' 46
M») Con Cal A Va.l CO 400 Union Con 31
::.o Crown Point •* 23 no Union Con !!!! 35
400 Oould A Curry. " 200 Union Con .... 37
600 Hale & Norcrs. 45 6*o Yellow Jacket 21
100 Mexican . 63 200 Yellow Jacket!! 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday.
Morning Session.
I 300 Andes IS 600 Mexican «ft
££ A , nd *f 17 1200 Mexican ...1... M
I 600 Belcher 32 4flo Mexican ,
100 Best & Belcher. 54 60 Ophlr 1♦?
700 Best & Belcher. 53 250 Ophlr ..!! ; mv
900 Best & Belcher. 52 1100 Ophlr 13?
3CO Best & Belcher. 51 IPiO Ophlr ! ! iir
200 Caledonia 61 450 Ophlr ...:;■ , J
600 ■ hollar ......... 25 300 Overman .'. !{7
WO Con Cal & V a ..l 60 400 Potosl \\
2iOConCal& Va.l«2u| 300 Potosl .. !'" «
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Savage ia
100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 200 Savage is
•«► C"" Cal & Va.l 724 1 600 Sierra Nevada' «
•'fl'^nt-e si too Sierra Nevada 47
200 Confidence 84 700 Union Con WT.. m
300 Crown Point .. 23 600 Uuh 11
I Hale & Norcrs. 43 200 Yellow' Jacket" 23
4RTJustlce oat 200 yellow Jacket!! 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. November 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 11, A.i,
Alpha 04 ..Kentucky ... 7*m
* H % 02 €3 Lady Wash _ f«
Andes 15 17 Mexican 64 65
Belcher 32 Xl ; Occidental .... 12 15
Best A Belcher. 48 50 Ophlr 125 130
"""'on (« 07, Overman 17 w
Caledonia ts - Potosl n 31
< 'hollar ......... a 24 Savage .... 17 1,
Challenge Con. 21 23 Scorpion ! <r» _
Conttdence 81 J5 Seg Belcher .... (6 07
Con Cal A Va..l 60 165 Sierra Nevada. 46 M
Con Imperial ..01 02 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Crown Point .. 22 23 St Louis _ M
Exchequer — C 2 Standard JS3 _
Gould A Curry. 23 24 Syndicate — nf
Hale * Norcrs. 42 43 Union Con 36 M
Julia — 02 Utah 10 11
Justice 09 10 Yell Jacket. 20 21
Time BalL
Branch Hydrofrraphlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer- !
chants' Exchange. San Franciaco Cal
November 20. 1899.
The time hall M the tower of the new Ferry
build. n« wu dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at »
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C O. CALKINS.
I.l»utenanf fotnmnnd»r. V S N.. in cr.-irre
J Sun, Moon and Tide.
♦ »
I United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— I
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
£* £* £,y
THIS DAT.
Tuesday November 21. at 11 o'clock
At Ormonde Sale Stable. Ml Mission St..
Of choice, well-broken horses, direct from th»
country. I take pleasure In showing this stoclc
In harness any time up to day of sal*
S. WATKINS. Auction— r.
— , -
ELEGANT FURNITURE
OF 100 ROOMS.
601 GEARY ST.. COR. TAYLOR.
TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY) AT 11 A. M
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. M 7 Market st
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low wafer* occur ••
th» city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
Sun rises v ; s7
Sun set- 4;ji
Moon rises 8:43 p. m.
1 1
Tlm*> Tim*'
I Ft.
M U L. W
Tlm»
ir W
Tim*
Ft.
L, «
rt.
21 ...
12 ...
n ...
24 ...
V> ...
25 ...
27 ...
1:04 4 : 7:3!
3:54 4.«! .t r,
440 4.1 »-s»i
6:21 8.0 l 11:01
«:C«> 5.1| 11:10
<:n S.Zi 1:05
I* W II W
0:11 l.ji 7:11
3 i;l
:.» 4:2Ol
-
S.I
• l
— 0.1
0.3
0.1
| i.y
1.4
NOTE— In th» above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In tha left
hand column and the successive tides of f- >
day In the order of occurrence as to time. T!- >
F'coni! time column zlves th» second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t!!»
and the last or right hand column gives Urn
last tide of the day. except when there ar» tv;»
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»'r' .
given are In addition to the soundings en tba
United States Coast Survey charts. »xc»pc
when a minus sign (— ) precede* th«» height
and then the number given Is subtracted frnr-t
the depth given by the charts. The plane o(
reference In the menn nt the | ,w- low wnt»'«
Steamer Movements,
1
TO A !
Ft^arr.er from. Dm
— — — _____ _ i i
Kmplre \Cooa P.ay fXOT.II
Cleveland 'Seattle INov 21
Titnnla iNanalmn Nor II
Fouth Portland. Cnnn Ray !Nov! ?1
Albion 'Cape ,Snm» '..'. Nov it
Grace Do||ar....iOray9 Harbor.....'. Nov :i
Mute <■•;,. Port i.i ik) Nov ."
•-*•-<•* Ctty...lCrejioent Otv INnv It
Newbunr <;ray» Harbor Nov. :i
<V.o» Bay [Newport |Nov n
Waiihf^naw ....ITaroma !N"r>T. 71
Wellington iDeparture Bay tXov! M
Pan Mateo I Vanatmo 'Not! Ti
Willamette [Seattle |N*ov 13
t.'matUla Victoria * »'u«<>t Sound Nn ' ?i
Point Arena — Point Ar-r.a Nov. :.t
Pomnna [Humboldt Nov. II
Weeott iHumboldt Nov. 23
Corona ,San I >;-kt N,iv 2\
On San* China and Japan Nor. -S
Columbia Portland Nov. M
Aberdeen (Portland Nov. ZX
Orizaba 'Newport • v. H
Samoa JHumholdt Nov! IH
North Fork Honboldt... iNov. 2K
Prociaao Ta<-. .ma .(Nov. M
Matteawan jTaonma Nov! ;'>!
l."ur.icao IMt-xlco INov 17
[.iknif IPuget Sound [Nov. IT
Arrata !Coo« Ray INov. 27
P.-xnta Flnna 'San Im--< > INov 1H
rofjutlle River.. Orays Harbor INot.H
yueen !V|rtorla & Pu3et Pound Nov. 2%
TO SAIL.
•Inatlon. I Sails. , Pier.
North ForlrHumhoIdt Nov. 21. JanVPler 2
Kan Pedro.. Humboldt Nor. 21, i pmlPler I
Samoa Hun- JNov. 21, it am Pin 2
Santa Rosa. San Dleno Nov. II. UimPicrU
Walla WalllVlr * Prt SdJ.Vi.v. n. Wam'Pler "
An-at* Coos Hay .... Nor. 23, Ii)am;Pler 13
Cleveland ..H'UKet S'-iund .INov. 23. in am f'ier ]
Or. Dollar.. |Oray« Harbor Nov. 23. « pml
State of CaljPortland Nov. 24. 10 am!Pl«r 2t
Coo» Uay...|Newport Nov. 24. » ami Pier 11
N>wburB ...'.r.nyn lfart>or'No\-. 24. r. ptnl
Weeott [>Iumboldt ! Nov. 24, 2 prniPter 13
Nip. Man.. China* pan Nov. 23. 1 pm'PMSrf
I't. Arena.. I Point Arrna.. I Nov. 2.", - pm'Pter 2
Pomona ....jHumboMt INov. 2S, 2 pm'Pler 9
Corona San Dl«-ico Nov. 28. 11 am'Pter It
Umatllla .. V'c & I'Rt SJ. Nov. 27. 10 amiPtcr 9
Orliaha .... Newport Nov. a. 9am!Pi#rU
f'olon iPanama INov. ZS. 13 m'PMSS
Notice to Mariners.
UMATILLA REEF LIGHT VESSTX NO 17
COAST OF WASHINGTON.
Notice Is hereby riven that I matllla Reef
Light Vessel No. «7 broke adrift from h» r
station about 24 mile* SW. % s. from Uma
ilia. Reef (Flattery Rocks), making off from
Cap» Alava. Washington, and about 4', miles
southwesterly from the cape. She ii now at
Neah Bay. Wash., and will be replaced on her
station is soon an practicable.
This notice affects the list of lights and
fog signals. Pacific Ccast. 1*99. page 30. No.
143: also the list of beacons and buoys. Pai-mj
Coast. IS3S. page ».
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
E- D. TAUSSIO.
Commander. U. S. N, Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
AimtvF.n.
Monday. November 10.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. *2 hour* from
San Diego. «tc.
Bchr Five Brothers. Jensen. 3 days from Fish
ermans Hay.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Ol«en. I.' days from Coos
Pay.
Schr Mildred E, Fose, 30 days from Rallarrf.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 24 noun from
Bowens I_ui.!iai:
Sohr Western Home, Peterson, 12 days from
Coos Pay.
Schr Ivy. Samuelson. M days from Coo* Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday. November 13.
fitmr Orizaba, Nlcolson. Baa Pedro; Goodail.
Perkins .-. Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka; Gcdall. Per
kins It Co.
Stmr City of Panama. Porter. Panama, etc;
[• M | S Co.
Stmr St Paul. Hays. Mantl* and Honolulu;
U 8 Government.
Br stmr Duke of Fife. Cox. Manila and Hono
lulu; U 8 Government.
Br ship Yola, Pennlculk, London: Balfuur.
Guthrie * Co.
Schr Czar. Huttnan. M&zatlan; Wm Olien.
SAILED.
Monday. November 23.
Stmr Weeott, Burtts. Eureka.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Orizaba. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
I Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Itlv.il. Johnson. .
Stmr N.»j.>. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Man City of IMebla, Thomas. Manila. »*
Honolulu.
D S stmr Hancock. Ames. Manila v.i Hono
lulu.
Schr Czar, Hutman. Mazailan.
SPOKEN.
i pji t ,.{ n. In? £N- lon M W P_r tihlp Crc*Tn ? i ? *.
from Liverpool, for .-in Krai : .•■>.
Per Hr ship Lomorna— No date, lat 45 03 S.
long 61 58 W. Hr ship Mayfleld. from Cardiff,
for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Km «— Br aMp Blackbraes. frun
Shields, for San Francisco, previously r- ;- -• I
In Stanley. F I. lost 14 tails, also yteerin*
K<-ar damaged. Ship all light; will repair la
about one ■nth.
Fr lark Mulinos, from Cardiff, for San Fran
cisco, previously reported Into Belle Islanl
with decks damaged. Captain fears that ves
eel la badly strained.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS. Nov 20. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE. velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 20— Schr Mabel Gray.
from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 2a— Stmr Alliance, for Astoria.
PORT TOWNSKND— Arrived Nov so-Barfc
Ceylon, from Honolulu: bktn Ruth, from Ka
hului. »'hr Vega, from Cape Norn».
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Nov 17.
Sailed Nov 13—Stmr State of California, f^r
San Francisco.
Outside bound In N v 20— nr ship St EnocM.
from Panama; Br ship Criffel. from Antwerp;
Br ship Clackmannanshlre. from Nagasaki.
GRAYS HARBOH-Salled Nov tt-stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco; schr J B Leeds, for
Santa Rosalia: scl Viking, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 19— imt Ruth. hence Nov li;
stmr I Air.), hence Nov 15.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Nov t)— Stmr Green
wood, from Port Lr« Ant-
Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Greenwood, for San
Francisco. ' • ■ .
PORT BRAOO IHM \ i » Schr Barbara
Hernater. for San Fran
Continued on Page Thirteen.ivwards, Oakland
MEDIUM SAID
HIS LANDLADY
ROBBED HIM
Now J. P. Foster Is
Sued for Slander.
Sin Francisco Call,
Acc'»r.llng in allegations In a rather sen
fuil"i::il liaiiia^o *ult for t-lander riled in
the Superior Court to-day by Sarah L.
Pflster anJ her liueband. John R. Pflster.
a| tlnst J. P. Foster, it would appear that
; latter sought the ;>owtrs end advico
of a spiritualistic medium in trying to
Identify the robber who broke open his
trunk ut the Vcndome Hotel o;i Septem
ber Zi last, eucc-ecdint; in carrying oft
about SWOOI
The details of the robbery were pub
li»] ■ -il at the time and no clew has ever
i . .:. secured. The plaintiffs conauct the
Vendome Hotel business m Ninth and
\\ ;t-!:.:ifc'ton; t -!:.:ifc'ton ttreetb, tuni their suit comes
la me nuture vt a great burprit-e. Mrs.
3:;>:«r alleges that the hotel business is
;.....:.« v. :iei prom of about $l&> per
mourn, ana thut me bu.Mm*s ha» ■■«-<-i
..ijfcii} Ucptr.ULiit on her good reputation
ana credit. Mia 1 basis oi trie suit consists
• i ccrtuui statements aUesed lv have been
i:i;tije by the rubbed K^esi. who Is v>td
al ng in years.
'i 'ti« complaint, prepared by Attorney F.
A. i ty. recites mat on or about Novtm
;■;:< <v Semiam. in the presence of Detec
me Holland aud white tpeaKing to Sarun
1-. raster, mid to the latter: "1 charga
you van taking my money. You have got
It. If you win return It 1 will. K»r yuur
cuuKiiter Grace* ;*akt\ not prosecute
you," and did then ami tture further *.ay
to Surah L. 1-Misier. "\»u deliberately
opened my trunk ana f»uk out my money.
and a man stood at your back when you
i:;,: it. 1 have piool ct it," ami that plain
tin i'.\ the same time used other language
the fcame Import, charging Mrs. i'rister
with Mi-a:,;,i; lijb money.
t onUniunf. the compiaira alleges that
on or iitx.ut Uip 17th mst.. at Ninth and
Wai* !i:t:gtcii st:vri>. delinciaut ;-a:d to \V.
U. Hut>> concerning Mrs. I'lisier: "Yes.
1 know.twho got ir.y money. It was the
landlady at the Vendome Hotel, l did
t:y. but did not »-urce»<l in getting a var
iant. 1 Hiu afraid that if 1 fail to cun
rtct h< r aha will turn around and sue me
f«>r dnraai;f.s 1 don't want to commence
a mlt aud set myself into trouble. An
execution ;if;ujnst me could be collected:
1 am not b> tn>>clf in this matter. There
are othem hv-lpuig. and we will yet make
it warm for her, for 1 atn sure she is the
on«- that pot tiie money. I would have
liked \ery much to have remained at th«i
hot* I. but 1 cannot afford to stay where
] know the peopl** t<» be dishonest. The
medium told ni«* in the presence of Mr.
I'KHtr that the landlady had my money."
La another count Mrs. Ptister emphatic*
fill> denies That at a:;y time did siie lake
any n»>. :.«•>• or property of defendant, and
rays "all of the aforesaid Matements of
>;nd defendant were and ;ire false, de
(amatory; malicious and untrue; and that
!•> ivai-oti oi' the premises aird the said
false utid untrue statements plaintiffs
!.a' e Ifc.i Injured In reputation and
• r<-'iit and Mift.-red damage in the hum
at 83000, and will bjff< r great mental
aripui;-h to th«!r damage in the sum of
J. "l", total SSOOO."
In an accompanying affidavit Mrs.
Pflster a*ks that Bixl>y's deposition be
t.ikt-n immediately, averring- that he 1»
about to remove permanently to Lcs An
gvles. An undertaking was al*.o fll»*d
wh.rein plaintiffs. K. W. Wilson and \V.
H. Buehler. jointly promise to pay nil
<-oMi« n>t t" « xc-.-d $.V>J In the event of the
m:lt !•. fT.e dismissed or defendant eecuring
judKTnir.t.
ALAMEDA COUNT/
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.-E. D. Judd was
to-d&jr appointed guardian of Frederick
George lieuer, the minor son of Mrs. Car :
rle llcuer, who died In Alameda severai
) • .;:«• sigo.
An srpra!som«int of the estate of Antone
Bilveira d'llscobar. tlle<l to-day, showed a
total valuation of 17M3. representing prtn«
cipally realty vest of the county road
from Mission San June to Sunol Valley.
In The divoroe suit of Louis n. Stuart
i rainst Llliie H. Stuart, default of the dc
: I dani v^as entered to-day on acount of
b< i :..i!ur.- to answer t-ummons within the
uni" L.!!ow«'d by luw.
\\ "iili- Gallagher, residing with his pa
rents at Temcscal, «ru*ie flaying with a
companion this mijrnlng was accidentally
ftabtM»d In tli.- moulder with a knife. Dr.
Itowe dressed the wound at the Heceivlng
il<is-;>iiaJ.
Jesse Russell, charged with grand lar
<-::>• in ftvaling a borse and buggy last
month, was released by Judge Hall to-day
<:i a writ of hal»;m corpus. He. had been
beld o\er by Police Judge Smith, but the
testimony proved to be fnsufllclent.
It. J. \\ . Robertson of the Livermore
Sanitarium mot with an cxc.-ptlonally sad
l>« rcav«ment yesterday. During the inorn
liig his boy, aged IS months, died; and in
the aft-rnoon li!« 7-wecks-old daughter
I'jEsrd away. Both deaths were due to
croup.
The Oakland Transit Company will
r-hortly «'s;a!.;r.-h a downtown oftlce In one
ft \)i> stores «..f ihe Masonic Temple build-
Ing, Manager Kelly having convinced th<>
directors of the advisability of such ar
rang(.m«nt. The roir.pany's offlce was re
cently removed to the Piedmont power
b< ■■^•■, cm Twenty-fourth utrt-tt.
MnrriiiK f> licenses were obtHined to-day
1 > the following named: Henry P. Dlehf,
::• yrarc. San Francisco, ana Virginia
Call^bntta. 21 years. Oakland: Charles C.
Archambauh. 'Si years, and Alma ICross.
I* I'Can, San Francisco; Nathan A. Mc-
Kay. 42 years. Angels, and Albertlna
Lk.k*:*. £3 years. Oakland: tries 8.
Wighiman. :'S years, and Edith E. Wade,
-7 .\f-ars. Oakland; Hubert McElderry, 28
yearn, and Corrlnne Thomas, 23 years. Ban
Francisco.
DEATH DEFEATED HIS
CHILDREN'S CONTEST
OAKLAND. Nov. ~>.-Th<? will of George
TV. Stllwcll. whose funeral took place
yet-terday. was filed for probate to-day by
Attorney Church. Only last week one of
his »ons and Mrs. Chown, a daughter,
were bitterly contesting over the appoint
ment of a guardian f r , r their wged father,
Ktltloned for by U»e> son. The contest
d been continued for to-day, but Stll
well'sj death oondudM that subj*»et. The
will, which was drawn up in 1&S8. be
queaths one-half of the 120.000 estate to
th«* wMuw and the other haJf la to be
divided equally among the three children.
Henry ajid Charles \\ . Stllwell and Mra.
Chown. The mother, however, having
died some time ago, the property goes to
the thrw «h!ldrcn.
Funeral of W. B. Ludlow.
OAICUND, Nov. Ift.-The funeral of the
la.tr> William IJ. Ludlow, for many years
master car repairer of the Southern Pa
cliic Company, was held this afternoon
from the lato residence. 1614 Eighth street.
From there the remains were borne to the
hall of Harbor Lodge. I. O. O. F.. comer
of Seventh and Poralta streets, where the
«ulemr funeral ritual of the order was
r«a<l. The Interment was at Mountain
Vlf-w Cemetery- The pall-bearers were
Mo?«rx. Angwln. Croseman. Y»tes. Engle
brlght and Foster; honorary. Messrs. Am
« rman, Corliss, ltodgcrs. Ilanford, Welch
and Garllck.
Alameda News Notea.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 20.— The ...in, from
box 1" la*t nljsht was for a ■ ■■'11 blaze In
the rooms nbove Profumo's grocery store,
at Hay etrcot. The fire, caused by the
falling of a hanging lamp, was cxtin
iruUhed before much damace was done.
. An Illustrated lecture on Costa Rica was
presented this evening by Nelson C.
Hawks under the auspices of the Ala
mr-da Camera Club. During the Inter
mii'slons the audience was entertained by
Ryl Newman and Harry Turton with sev
eral fnor ftolos and a number of dialect
■ketches.
DIVORCE ENDS
ELOPEMENT OF
GERMAN HUSSAR
Decree Is Awarded
Mrs. Lanpguth.
< '.tkl.Tid < 'ft!. .•> Pan Francisco Call,
h«'v Broadway, Not
a filed this
afternoon, lias turn. t Uu in. st
remarkable stories that from
lurts ■ ( this county In
months, it in tof a
DA] si»r> i, . ... Nt if ro
mance, for Mrs. Langguth, alt
Scores divorcing ber from her hus
band, is not quit • • la not
;\ horn she
married In Germany
try with Langguth,
marrying him In Chit
• t <i year ago Mrs. Langguth made
the discovery thai left no doubt U
mind R9 to the unfaithfulness of her
md. She d bring suit for
f Gar
icht. authorised him
to at Tiience a suit for di
WA .MIS AKI.N FOR A JUDGE
I Attorney Garrlty drew up fome papers of
beparation and also did considerable legal
work straightening out the estate between
the Latigguths. They owned about J5 I >/J
worth oi property, and agreed on sepa
rating that he should take the personal
property and she should retain the home
on i-'ifth street. After a time this arrango
nient was not -satisfactory to Langguth,
and he engaged Attorney A. A. Moore to
mak«» a demand for $I'M«. a motto. •'Home,
Sweet Home." which had been worked by
his sister, and an antiquated sewing ma
chine.
Mr- Langguth positively refused to let
a man whum she charged with having so
little respect for home, sweet home have
the precious motto or the sewing machine,
much less JlOuO.
Time after time, said the lady, she vi«
it«-d her attorney ami in her mind believed
that her suit had bten tiled, and that she
had given her testimony before a Court
Commissioner. She brought her witnesses
over to be examined, and the !a<iy also
declares that s>he paid successive fees for
all these services, apparently thinking
that lu-r lawyer was a Judge. After a
time she thought Uie decree ihuuicl be
about reedy, but her attorney did not
have it for her. She then consulted At
torney Fred L. Button, told her story,
discovered that no suit had ever been
brought and through him obtained a de
cree of divorce.
Fred L. Hutton. the attorney of record,
was asked to-day why Mrs. Langgguth
had circulated euch a peculiar story. "1
was very much surprised at what she
told me, taid he. "and certainly if her
ftory be not straight ehe is extraordi
narily well acquainted with legal terms
and forms. Sh* toM me that sh«- believed
she had done everything n«-cessary to se
cure a divorce except receive the decree. I
did not know until after 1 brought th«
suit that both the lady and her husband
had been married In Germany before they
came to this country. She. however, told
me that she firmly believed that the de
serted snousi-s in Germany had both ob
tained divorces since 6he and Langguth
left that country. I paid little attention
to the lady's story, as It did not dltectly
concern her divorce suit, which was her
only litigation in which I was lmorested.
"When the husband looked into mat
ters further and saw how mill was the
complaint for divorce and how much mur''
which would admit of proof mlt;ht have
be^n brought into It he Instructed Attor
ney A. A. Moore to notify me that he
withdrew his demand for the motto, sew
lrg machine and the $10<\i. ad that he
would not contest the suit."
"This is a most remarkable story," said
Attorney ..rrity, "and possibly one With
out a precedent. There has been consid
erable lov»-rr.aking by both Langguth and
his wife for the past twentv-nve years,
and It Is not easy to say just where they
have landed. Certainly I cannot conceive
how a llvorce has been granted Mrs.
Langguth, because there were no legal
grounds opon which It could be grant
•d. Mrs. Ljngguth was originally, so she
has told me. the wife of a German. She
lived with him in Germany some time
after their marriage and then eloped to
thH country* with Langgutn, who was a
sub-officer in the German Hussars. I Ul
timately «he married Langguth in Chi
cago—at least she Is Of the opinion that
she did. but as she has never been di
vorced from her first husband and could
not be under the German law for any ex
isting cause, It was naturally Impossible
for her, being married, to become the wife
of Langguth. Although she apparently
did not know it. she committed bigamy In
Chicago. Afterward th*y came to live
(•x. this coast and acquired much property.
They quirreled and she transferred her
love, while Lanrguth did the same. She
Is r.ow llvlig In Jsorth Oakland, acting as
housekeeper to a Mr. Norman, a candy
maker. Langguth is proprietor of a grii
cerv store at Tenth and Niitoma streets
In San Francisco and he could not have
made any contest in the divorce case or
It would not have been granted.
"As it )>■ marl
Th<* woman <; : rnf to me to ol
for her a';d I told h«*r
a marii'-d woman, Fh- could nol p
figure In a «i! \ <.r<^» case, ar.d that I* would
She could not
1 t I was obtaining a di
■ aye known that
ranging h<r property Interests
with th»» :•
■
- not talk Fn
tly ;n .-1 it to .111
nd that sh. might get a wrong
Of the lezal nimatir.n.
"It was thf opinion Of A A. Moore thnt
a divorce could not >.*■ obtain«
■ f the dlvon of boi I- Lai
' fr< in Tb. ir former
Germany. I feel highly f"the
lady mistook m< for lh< minis
• and thoiitrht I was tryh ■
case."
Will Sue the City.
ALAMEDA. [ Deputy <-,t v
Merk «( 1 arl»-s K. Pietter
W«n flxeil J.v t» • ' f City Tr
per month, will commence suit to
morrow in th- I'jtv ];. <"otirt
aKHlnst the city for t2'JT, be k pay from
Atitust lat JTr. per month. Argumei
• r an order to show ai:-- why
n writ of niandnt< should not Issu- to
compel the rity Trustees to fix s r*>aso - n;i
mpensation for Deputy '"irrk
t<r were h»-nr<l before Superior Judge
Greene thle mornlnp.
Coming Street Carnival.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— Contributions to
ward defraying the expenses of the Mer
chants' Exchange carnival, to take place
Just preceding the holidays, are pouring
In v*ry satisfactorily. $1200 of the necos
nary $2000 havinp come to hand. It Is pro
posed to have the carnival continue from
rVcembcr 11 to I*s. Special arrangements
will be made with the railroads for spe
cial rates from surrounding towns.
Till: SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1890.
Alameda County News.
POSES AS CONTRACT
BRIDE AT THIRTEEN
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— Little Annie Bridgman. The 13-year-old girl arrest
ed lnst week for vagrancy on complaint of her mother, who alleged
that the girl had stolen 50 cents from her grandmother, and whom Su
perior Judge Hall gave into th. care of Mrs. J. B. Barrows, M.D., of
Berkeley In the hope that she might be reformed and thus avoid com
mitment to a reform school, has disappeared.
Mrs. Dr. Barrows reported the disappearance to Judge Hall to-day and
through the Sheriff the Constables and all officers have been notified to keep a
sharp lookout for her. Mrs. Dr. Barrows states that she had treated the
Kill with the utmost kindness and had tried hard to make matter? as pleas
ant for her as possible, but that yesterday she suddenly took French leave.
It is intimated, moreover, that the girl claimed to have bi-en mar
ried by contract recently to a young man residing near her mother's home at
Fruitvale. Should the pirl be apprehended some very interestiriK develop
ments may be expected, for not only will she be promptly committed to a re
form school, but her claims as ■ contract bride will be thorough. y Investi
gated and may lead to the Institution of criminal proceedings against the
young man who Is responsible for her waywardness.
ALAMEDA WANTS
TO SET IN HER
PROPER CLASS
Municipal League Is
Now Ready lo Act.
AI.AMKI'X. NoV ML— At a meetinp of
the Municipal League of Alan^ia held
at Llndermsn's Hall this evening, the
r committee made its report,
which . jaed. While AJanu
: 1 1 . r of the fifth class It
is entitled to th< privileges of v dty of
the third class, and the report outlines
what will probably !>•• the new charter
that will be adopted in the near future.
The repoi - In i>art :
Perhaps the leading objection that may be
urged against our present organic law la that
our citizeiib have hud little voice In making
and can have very little In amending It. All
amendments thereto must be by act of the
1-egit.laturv. Such action may be brought about
by the influence of any one of the tiiirt.-rii
cities in this State which are cities of the fifth
class. The influence moving In favor of a i>ro
pcted amendment may be. and often has been,
one not lii harmony with the interests of Ala
meda. On many points the Interests of the
several cities are not common to all. At each
session of the Legislature since the original
enactment or the organic law there have been
amendments to the charter, most of these nay-
Inrt been secured by Influence exerted by others
than our citizens. Some of, them have been
inimical to the Interests of our city.
Furthernn«e. th« Legislature may at any
time be induced to amend our organic law by
the pressure of influence not In the Interest
o£ any city of the lUth class, but opposed to
the general good of all.
Ac a r<-!>ult each session of the Legislature
brings a season of unreal and requires a watch
fulness on the jiart of our citizens and our
legislative representatives lest a harmful
chanKe be made in our organic law.
This would b» a forcible objection even If
our charter as it btands were a satisfactory
Instrument, It Is far from being such. It baa
many hhortcomlnt". We cull attention to a.
few of the leading ones.
First— The lack of a system of checks upon
the expenditure of the city funds.
Second— l-ack of proper enforced supervision
over the various department* of the city gov
ernment.
Third— system Of electing school directors
Is Inadequate to the production of the best
Fourth— The election by popular ballot f f the
City Clerk and City Attorney is objectionable.
Having thus reported In favor of the desira
bility of a new charter, it Is proper that we
report regarding the necessary steps to be
taken for the attainment of that end. They are:
First— A proclamation Issued by resolution
of the noard of City Trustee*, and published as
required by law. calling for an election of
fifteen freeholders and setting a date therefor.
This election may be held at a general or at
a special election. There will be no general
election until the Presidential election of No
vember. l!»00. at which time the issues of a na
tional ianii*J»;n would so dwarf the minor local
Issues as to endanger the selection of the best
men as freeholder*. Moreover, the time would
be very short in which to hold an election for
ratification by the people prior to the meet
ing of the L#eislature. Also the excitement
attendant on a national campaign would not
sufficiently die away so as to allow proper con
sideration to be given by the voters to the ques
tion of the charter. We would therefore rec
ommend the calling of a special election dur
ing the early part of the year 1900.
Second— Said Board of Freeholders must meet
and proceed to frame a charter to be submit
ted to the people for ratification. Their work
must be completed within ninety days after
election. . .
Third— Said charter so framed must be pub
lished twenty consecutive days and must be
submitted to voters of the city for ratification.
Su< h submission may be either at a general or
a ereclal election. It is desirable that it M
at a special election for the reason that the
constitution requires ,i« a condition of adop
tion thnt "a majority of such qualified elector*
voting thereat shall ratify the same." Those
votts nt a general election which would be cast
blank on the question of the charter would
therefore, under the law. count acainst it,
thereby endangering Its ratification.
Buch charter having been ratified, will then
b«» submitted to the State Legislature, and on
approval by it will be the organic law of the
The suggestion has been made that the ques
tion of bonding the city for school purposes
and for the erection of a free library building
be submitted to the people at the same election
at which the freeholders are elected or at which
the charter Is submitted for ratification. This
suggestion is Impracticable, for the reason that
under the law (Municipal Indebtedness Act.
Satutes US9) no other question may be voted
on at an election held to determine the Issu
ance of municipal bonds. Rut some- portion of
expense mlcht be saved to the city by holding
a bond flection on the day Immediately pre
ceding or Immediately following that on which
the election for freeholders or for the ratifica
tion of the charter Is held.
A YOUNG FORGER BEATS
AN AGED WITNESS
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— Thomas Hussey,
the young fellow charged with fnrK'-ry.
VtdOUSly sssaulted one of the witnesses of
th«- prosecution to-day at Haywards. He
Struck Lucius Huff a violent blow In the
knocking him down and partly stun
ning him. b.-caus.- h^ had testified to the
fact that he had seen Hussey sign the
name of Farmer Smith to a check for
$375.
Th>- assault occurred while Hussey was
on the way lrom Alvarado, where be bad
in. n held to answer for a felony, to the
County Jail in Oakland. Hussey, it is said.
•11 thirty f>-.t and i» not altogether
Had he n n t been restrained
to-day he would have Infli<-te«l very 1
punishment on Huff, who is a very In
offensive man and a brother of Bocrates
11 iff. president of the San Leandm Hank
The trial of Huasey brought out a legal
tangle and his attorney. T. F. <Jarrliy.
I to proceed, on the first day of
xamination Harry Pulclfer was
niclal Monographer To-day I"hl!
14 nt Attorney Carrity. In
to cross-examine his wit: •
ed a portion of th<- earlier testimony
r ■!!! .!■•• reporter's notes. This
could not be done and Oarrity n-tused to
Hussey was held to answer.
The trial will !>•• sensational Several
ic-lzttighters. including young Van Ru*
ktrk "i the Olympic cMub. have been
subpenaed and a great deal of Smiths
doings, which it is said will show young
II .—.\ In a different light, will be
brought out.
Collegians to Rally.
BERKELBT. Nov. 20.-A big raJLf of
the students <>f the University of Califor
nia will be held in the Harmon gymnasi
um to-morrow- evening at 8 o'clock. The
affair is ;l:e first of its kind in which both
the faculty and the students will Join In
ns enthusiasm over the coming
football rame on Thanksgiving Speeches
will be made by the college men and the
-'1-s. 11. eluding President Benjamin
Ide Wheel* r
Ec Beat Hia Wife.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 20.— T. P. P. Kelly
who resides on Eagle avenue, near Oak
street, was arrested last night on com
plaint of his wife, who charges him with
battery. He was released on his own re
cognizance and his c ., . dock
■ ire Justli . of ihe I
Morris. Kelly came hom< isi night fe« l-
Ing in a somewhat Bharkej i i and un
to in;ik.- a punching
it of his better ball The domestic
as of the Kell) bu ii i f- -
auency that rery little symi athy
fered for either of them bj th • nelf
SNOW'S OPPONENTS
MEET WITH DEFEAT
OAKLAND. Nov. 2".— The political op
ponents of Mayor Bnow ti. < with defeat
to-night and by a majority » •. of the
Council the resolution pi a ; r the
brinßinK of a sull «a.< laid o\,. r for three
months. The taking of the vote brought
OUt m 'iMiks, and
Mr. Mott called the chaii . i while
Mr. Ipi ■ aid th it th< p tident'a ri
ninrk.- ■
.Mr. Rowe s] during
th.- argument with< . . chair,
doubtless taking the prlvl mse he
was the author ol tin- rosi fution
I i Alr , ,' .'"",'■ Stli ' 1 hr bt! ■ matter
should be er. 1 d it was not
er to take snap Judgmeni on the
Mayor oi the city or to ci .. ideas
to go forth, li. . ■.i anythli .
savored ol trying to down the Mayor
Mown Cuveluer, Qlrai Taylor
were opposed to delay. They believed
.; would i" I • tter t • settle the tiling
..• ..!,, c.
Mr Barstow moved thai the resolution
be laid i '. . r for three month- Mr Rowe
opposed it. and said thai if it w<
settled tO-nigtl icll wnilii
have anothei opportunity to vote upon it
Mr. Mott upoke at some l< i upon the
Impronriet} ol th< situation and- said that
the city It now contemplating the lasu
for public Improvements
and that the l>riiiKin«- of a suit af
the i hlef executive would tend to dl
the dty and kill any )..
A vote ws called for on Bar
amendmenl to Rowe'a resolution. M itt,
Meeee, Bchafer, Kramm, t'pton and Bar-
I •w fer thr.-. months. Glranl
Cuvelller, Btetß< n, Howe and Taylor were
« »i . 1 1< . -. ion ;ls the vote" was an
nounced Pn Hldenl ,| ■ "That
means indefinitely a* far as thi- council
"That's not In Mr. Ba rstow* motion "
quickly said Mott
"No. sir." aid Rowe.
"Then 1 call the chair to order." said
Mott
"Its remarks are certainly discourteous
and uncalled for. and convey a : Use im
pression so far as I am concerned," said
Upton.
''Well, I think I have explained my po
sition." said the president; and the Inci
dent closed.
Mr. Rowe explained later that he meant
that no doubt some citizen would bring
a suit before ninety days and thus take
the matter out of the hands of the
Council.
The Council agreed upon the assessment
district for the opening of Washington
street and will. proceed with the matter
next week.
ANNUAL CONVENTION OF
ANTISALOON LEAGUE
OAKI.ANI'. Nov. 2".- The second nn
nnai convention of the Anti-s
League of Northern California will he
held to-morrow at the Kirsi If. K.
• 'huroh. this dt Dg at 10 0
in th" mornltiK with drvotional m
led by Rev. J. it. Kn..d. n.
I'urinK the forenoon Reunion R*>v. j. x.
Beard, D.D.. will deliver an address; Miss
Bva M. Ay. is. i!-..in<i.u secretary, will
report, and s report irill be forth)
from the superintendent, It. E. s. i
man. Jn th» afternoon there will b< in
address by Rev. Alan <;. Clarke, I I
secretary f district .
I^anra Person will r« n. "Th< Tramp";
Miss a. M. Hicks will read i pap<
"Experience In Fighting the Baloon," and
Rev. I ■ Adams will discuss the
"Advantages of Growing Up la s
hlMtion State," followed by .-•. vocal solo
by W. J. c ■ nd an addrt -
"Wine as s Mocker" bj Rev. D. B. Pot
ter. Professoi B. P, Meads will dl
mi "The Nullification of Law by tl
loon Power," and thereafter new
will be elected. An address on "I 1 r-
Bonal Responsibility." by Rev. William
Kelley, and on "A Mod) m Laocoon," .ire
on tlu: programme for tb<
HAVE NO NEED OF A
DEPUTY CITY CLERK
OAKLAND. Nov 10.— The mandamus
pr dines of rharles p. Pletter, Deputy
City Clerk of Alameda, against the Ala
meda City Trustees, broughi to compel
the latter to Hx by ordinance i reasonable
salary for plaint Iff, came up in the Bu
perlor Court to-day, but th»* matter was
promptly continued for a week. In an
answer filed by the City Trustees they
deny the authority of City Clerk Lam
born to appoint a deput) assert that
there ha.«= never been s regular deputy
employed from the time of tj,.' city's In
corporation, and, finally, that there is no
need of a deputy rWk.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKP.I.KY. Nov. I nlet corps
of the Unlverslt: I ■ ■ fornia will hold
Its semi-annual parade and Inspection at
the close of the present tern. Th.
mony will be In honor of Prealdent Ben
jamin I<le Wheeler.
Professor E. J. Wickaon and Instructor
F. T. Rioietti of the agricultural depart
ment of the University <>( California ...1
dressed a larsc gathering of farmers al
GeyservlUe last Batun
Th. funeral of the late Captain Fowler,
the pion • r Mississippi River steamboat
master, was hei<i yesterday from •.)..■
family residence at Claremont
a barn belonging to Fred Darrah on
Berkeley way was burned to th.^ groun<l
shortly before I o'ciock this The
blaz>- destroyed a quantity of hay valued
at $100.
'•Stanford Versus Vassar."
BERKELEY. Nov. 20.— The following
cast of characters for the Thanksgiving
burlesque "Stanford vs. Vassar" has
been given out by the committee In
charge:
Cousin OorK* DOOWee, J. V. de LaVenga-
Teddy Loosebelt. Ralph. I. Phelps; Mr. Dooley
a timekeeper. C. E. Hume; Chief L#n*e an
officer. Edward Nahl: Dr. Ah L*«n, windjam
mer. A. A. Cohn: the ktMlng bug, ?_: ?
•04; the kiSFinK bun. - ! ? '04
Stanford players— Pu Kay Smith (captain)
Ben W. Reed. E. R. Child. X. 3 Pelbuih!
E. T. Book, L,. S. SchoonfeM. S. R. Danmn
baum. R. C. William*. V. \V. HuntPr H. A
KlueKel. L. S. ClayburKh.
Va*far playern— Duncan MrDuffle (rantaln)
C H. Tracy. I. 3. White J. Mery. F. V King!
ton. 8. C. Walker. C. K. Mover. J. m raft
F. O. Neyes, D. D. MeOavea, w. a. S. Foster'
To Investigate Olives.
BERKELEY. Nov. ».— Ass^r.uit p - ro
r Arthur P. Hajrnt of the a»;ri< ul
tural department of th.- I'liivrsitv f
California has gone to the southern part
of the state in the Interest of (.live cul
ture of those regi-ms. l'rofcsbor Ilavne
is an expert on viticulture and olive "ul
ture and th. purpose of his visit Is t 0
Investigate the conditions responsible f or
the poor quality of the olives yielded in
that section of the country. The r.sults
of hip Htmly will be put In bulletin funn
and published for the benefit of carm< ra
ur.d orchardlsts.
Berkeley, Fruit vale
COYNE DENIES
HE RECOGNIZED
FOUR ROBBERS
Police Still Hunting
the Dynamiters.
Oakland Office Ban Pranciseo Can,
HI Broadway, Nov. 21.
John Coyne, the saloon-keeper who s/aa
robbed by masked men three wees
flatly denies tha statement thai be told
the police of the identity of the four men
who robbed him. Coyi US iisstd his
readiness to go before the Grand Jury
should that body decide lo question him
regarding bis alleged efforts to prevent
lilty parties from being brought to
justice Immediately aft.r the Coyne rob
the saloon-keeper told the police of
young fellows whom he said he be-
Ueved were the guilt) parties. Acting on
his Information the men were arrested.
and even after arrest Coyne repeated hia
belief that the polic- had the right men.
Later he changed his mind and, accord
ing to the polite, said that his hands were
tit it so that he could not lake steps to
w.ird prosecuting the suspects, on this
showing they • - d
"I will have llttl< to say If I am called
• the Grand Jury," said Coyne, "be
l know no more about th< Identity
of the robbers than the jury does. The
men were masked and m> face was to the
wall, so that 1 ceuld not set even their
clothe.-. I !!. \.f told the police that 1
who the robbers were, and I do not
■ them now. All 1 said was that the
ers seemed to be familiar with the
stor<
The poUo are Still k. • i-ing watch night
and day m the Vicinity Ol the Standard Oil
Works. They fully believe that If thi
had : i the dynamite and
burglars" tools Uic miscreants might have
been landed. The young fellows who found
the Stuff are ln , Willie.
i.uhr. Charles Halpin and Charles Ander
son, all of whom reside in the neighbor
hood of the oil works. These young fel
lows did not know the nature of the dan
is stuff the) were handling and car
ried : ■ mite all in a
bunch into the office of the company. Tbe
dynamite being wrapped in creased paper
the most cident,
for the least friction between the explos
ive .-md on.- of the Sharp tools w.-uld have
cans, (i a tragedy.
ASKS FOR ACCOUNTING
IN GALINDO ESTATE
OAKI.ANI i. Nov. 20.— Suit has heen
begun In the Superior court of Contra
< losta < '"iimy i.y Jm s Pei • ; ■ ; ■.
lln<lo against Fred C. <iaiind.. for an
accounting of tbe estate of Francisco
Oallndo, who died In MM After the lat
deatfa his son, J. C <;alindo. was
appointed administrator of the ■
Prod C. Oalindo became admtnistral
the estate of his father after th.- tatter's
death. Mrs. Gallndo claims that the ex
»cutor of the estati ■ $.-4 13
and paid nut M9JB7 51 !• ilance
of 120.467 •« to he accounted for. Bh<
also presented s claim for 112,437 66 and
usks a full account • .
Seeking Stolen Jewelry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.-Captaln Dona
hue of Frultvale has Just railed the at
tention of the authorities to the strange
disappearance of hi* mother's Jewelry.
Mrs. Donahue's mind became unbal
anced as a result of the Melrose pow
der explosion over it year ago. She was
committed to an asylum, and her Ron, I
Captain Donahue, was at sea at the time.
About the time of Mrs. Donahue's com
mitment considerable Jewelry belonging 1
to her disappeared.
Last week she was restored to compe
tency again, and th. son wishes to learn
who got away with the jewelry.
MARRIED AT THE PALACE.
A Pretty Romance Which Last Night
Closed in a Wodding.
A marriage took placi in th»- parlors of
ilace Hotel Is I '\.iiinp which iup
plied I cry i>r• ■1 1 y
little romance. !'• I !l Anderson, ■ re
arrtval from Anvil i ■ of the
tuburbs of tbe fam i Cape Nom<
diggings, was united to bliss X !'.-irk!«on
• i. pastor ft ti
.. church.
Mrs. N. P. H. Hatch acted as matron
of honor. The bridesmaids were Miss
< lertrud Clark and Miss Margaret Crosln.
John Anderson, brother of the groom, act
ed as best man. ami the »her were Lieu
tenant O. L. Spalding of the Third Artil
lery and Dr. A. N. Kttterson.
The rooms were crowded with the many
friend of tho bride and groom, and the
presents were numerous and exceedingly
handsome. Followii.g tin ceremony an
elaborate supper was laid, at which all
present sat down am spent th evening In
toasting the bride and wishing success f.o
the happy man who had at last succeeded
in making her his own.
Mr. Anderson is a Swede and was a boy
in the same village wherein lived the wo
man who it now nil wife They were lov
ers from childhood, but "as fortune was
not theirs it was Impossible for them to
be married until Anderson had amassed
something with which to build a home.
He I' ft hia native country and came to
the United Stater, In pursuit of that for
tune which wouM enable him to return
and claim the promise riven by the girl
he had left bebii d him. For a lonr timo
be worked hard, but merely made a lining.
At last he decided to attempt the gold
fields of the north. He was successful
from the very i'tart. and this winter re
turned with a bank roll as big as ■ bolster
to find the girl of his choice awaiting him
and to receive the reward of his persever
ance. :^. y
COURT NOTES.
Frank Elliott, the return Klondlker
with frozen foot, who begged Policeman
Colen Sunday night to loci Win up. as he
was starving, was sent to ir.e County
Jail for three months by Judge Mogan
yesterday, for which he oxmussed his
B Th' application of Henry T Ecott and
Charles E. Gte< n, guardians of the por
tions and c-ftate of "h.irli • Temple.on
and Jennie Adeline Crocker, to sell the
old Crocker homestead In : 1 men to,
bounded by Seventh; Eighth X and L.
streets, bus been gr.inted by Judge i'of-
The Bar Association has filed a resolu
tion In i:omm*moration of th« late Judge
John Msxander Btanly, whkh presiding
Judge dm. igi rfl Id ordered spread on the
minutes of the court.
Marie T. Hell, through her attorneys.
Magulro & Gallagher, has sued George
gtaacke executor of the 111 of the ate
Thomas Bell; and her mother Theresa
Hell, to recover 03,087 75, nll?R«Hl to be
due on account of the allowance from the
estate for the support of the minor heirs
of the deceased.
Grace 1-- Davis has sued Preston R.
Davis for maintenance. Judg< Dalngcr
field has Issued an order compelling the
defendant '■ show cause why he shculd
not pay his wife ■ suitable mm for :ier
George E. and J. W. Rlley have sued
the North Star Mining Company to re
cover $600,000. the value of l(>\O0Q tons of
ore the plaintiffs allege the defendant Il
legally Mtcavated from the North Star
Mine In Nevada County.
The suit of Anna M. Bkivii f/.r a
divorce from John F. Skivlngton on the
ground of cruelty was up for hearing be
fore Judge Dalngerfleld again yesterday.
Conslderiole testimony was Introduced,
after which an adjournment was taken
till this incrnlrg.
The trial of Joseph P. Freai charged
with the murder of- Jam I' Turner was
continued yesterday owing to the lllr.ess
of District Attorney Murphy. Th« court
announced that even though the District
Attorney wao unable to appear the ♦rial
must be continue to-day.
lienry Whittam. one of the men ar
GOOD START IS
MADE ON THE
SECOND HALF
Ebell Lad es Meet a
Wave of Success.
Oakland OfHa -
Broadway, Noi -
The BbeU ladies appeared baton the
Council to-night, and on the showing of
their extraordinarily good work during
the past week the Council was only too
glad to grant their request for an exten
sion of time for thirty days In which they
can complete then? canVass for a library
site and prepare the deed to present the
site to the city.
The success of the ladles has been al
most phenomenal, and th. r.- Is 1.., doubt
that they will complete their contract
and deliver the k0.,.i« with plenty of time
- .re. Even afternoon there is an
open meeting at the Kbell, and the
are busy receiving callers anxious r |
their subscriptions to the library fund.
It is noticeable that, with a few excep
tions, most of the subscriptions nr-- for
small or very moderate amounts, showing
that the interest in the matter is general.
This afternoon the ladles' Looks si
that with promises, pledges and
nearly $12.'«« i N fa sight Among the
received tin n was one
from Mayor Bnow for $.".> To-morrow af
ternoon the child study section of the
BbeU will 1 ied by Miss Miiltcent
Shinn In the interest of the Übrarj
pedal childrei effort, un
der the direction of Mrs. John R
mnkinir bite progi I dimes. <t .
and halves are rolling Into the fund. The
following subscriptions w<
day: Mrs. W H Friend. $5; \ i'at'
rats; Felix Peano, $1; Mrs. <;. k. da
Oolla, Jio; George Hansen, $vr, Aiu
.-on Bros., 120; George Neece, tl; M
\\ e^i Martin, $-•". Mrs N Kleenan, $10;
s: i 1i 1 Gleason. $."; Mrs. Shelby Martin
and Mrs. Janp FOOte, jr.; Mrs. B. II
Jl'i. • '. Westover A Co., IB
Stark, $li; Mrs. Charles Egbert, $:. I'M
Bros., Jl"; J J Hannifin,
X; >trs J R Parrell, $1; 8 Hut. bard. ».".;
Mrs. 11. M. A. Miller. $T>. Mrs. X i
'£> cents; Mrs. Kowalsky, IT. cents; Dt
J. Penton, 110: Mr Thomas <>!-n
$1: Mrs. A. 8. M JL' 60;
Priends, t=i GO; A. H. Breed, IK; Dr. J. if
Todd, 110; Mrs. A. X Munson, tl; M B
Smith tt Sons. $:,. a Prtend, $li a Friend.
$1; Mrs Stroii.l Dr. N. X
t.r. I".; Mrs. N. X F wter, IB; Rev W
Prear, %>: Mrs 1.. B* rg( r Pied
mont subscript! ' irmon Bell, $L";
Mrs. H Garthwaite Br, $1: Mrs i
Perkins, H; Miss Mai ; id Springer, $1:
Miss A. Williams, Jl ; a Friend
Friend. > cents: <; i.. Belcher, J.".. Mrs.
J. fl. Adams. ♦:»; Sarah R. Bhafter, t\"<:
Miss Bertha Bhafter, 150; Mrs. A \ Denl
son. $n; Dr. Hurchard. $1": Mrs C O'Con
nell, 16; M B <: llagher. H: Mrs. John VT.
Phillips. 1100: Dr Larkey, 16; Bdward
Booth, Jl I.1 '. Mrs Bdward Booth, j:
Jean Booth, I Ice Gilbert,
Jl: a Fri.nd. M cents; Carruth &. Curruth.
t5.
New Divorce Suits Filed.
OAKI.ANI', Nov _'■ <-h,ri. I' Kcele-
ton. by his attorney, H. J, Tombll
day filed suit In tin- Superior Court for a
divorce from Bveland •; Elggleston. The
complaint recites allegations of cruelty.
Ella K. Culver also tiled suit for a di-
VOrcc to-. lay from Frank A Culver, a!
lejring failure to pro-. '
Of action. .1 II
Franclsc" appears as Iht al
» ♦ ■
Accidental Death.
(IAKI.AXH. Nov. 20 Tlh- Coroner's
jury at the Inquest to-night found that
the death of Shirley Brodt was accidental,
being "caused by ■ fracture of the fifth
dorsal vertebrae resulting from hi- acci
dentally falling from the roof of ht.s bone
at 661 Eighteenth street last evening"."
Deceased was a native of California, aged
23 years.
rested In Joe Marvey> resort on Mission
street for playing faro, was to be trt«M
by a jury In Judge Conlan's court yester
day afternoon, but he frilled to appear
and his bail was declared forfeited and
a honrh 'viTrant Issued for his arrest
William Beckinan, who lives on Fourth
street, near Howard, married Thomas
O'Leary's divorced wife, and O'l^eary.
when be heard of it. came to the city, and
yesterday Heekman pot a warrant from
Judge Graham for his arrest, as he had
threatened to kill him.
Miss Annie Ruff, 19W Stockton street,
secured a warrant from Judge Qraham
yesterday for the arrest of her brother.
"William, on the charge of disturbing the
peace by breaking In his mother's tioor
and threatening to strike her.
» ♦ ■
HOYT AT THE PRESS CLUB.
An Enjoyable Evening in the Home
of the Scrib«s and Their Kindred.
Last night al the Press *'\u\> sisnibeis
of tho ihib an 1 nvtted gUSStS Rath- I
the Jtnks room and wen enter)
le.turi- by Ralph Hoyt, the
which wns annoonced by u>ii<i Drnry,
who ttl • 'I Bf HSOT for the entertainment. :
.i- "Chunks of Unwritten History."
Preceding the lecture B. Homer Henley
«atiK two baryl
lecture frank •'offlr. and others contnhu
ted to ;i nuslea] programme.
Mr. Hoyt'S lecture was more in the nit
mr>- of personal reminiscences, eov<
a period of twenty-five or thlrts yenr^.
than a discourse upon . v ,ir
theme. Mr Hoyt has been n l'Ttiir' :
public speaker for alxuit a quarter of a
century, and his experiences furni.Hh am
ple riiHtt-rlal for a pleasant evenlna
Jinks hall was filled with ladles and
tlemen. who after the lecture ;> ■ I
themselves of 'he priviiejrp () f |.
throuifh the clubrooms.
Paid Taxes Under Protest
The Americas. Hank and Trust Com
pany p;i'ii the >iim of BISM under pi
to Tax Collector Bheehan jresterday. The
claim is mad*- that th. .~^. mbk [•- ,f th-»
company for honds is Invalid, nam«ly. fif
teen bonds of thi Market -street Railway
Company, ralued .it 115.000: By«
the San JoaqUln V.illty K.n..
puny, v.ilunl at |Uli; tin bonds of the
Northern Railway Company, raloed at I
HO.S7S, and two bonds of tbi N
Vineyard Company, <>f th»* value of I'.'i^. ■
Si>eri"fl ■ objection is made to tbe payment
oi t.ixos on the railroad bonds, amo .
to tilt
H .v H Bat hi also paid their personal
propert y t;<\ .
in which thej specify thai the sum of
ji^t a:> is voi.i ..n th. ground t h *t it is
based "ii 1 1 ■ -.t of f.,'ir mun
iiorid>» of ttv«- cfty of Stockton, valued at
14660, and twelve municipal bonds of the
rlty of Alnmeda. valued al 17500, all of
whleh is claimed to be i xempi frou
ation.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Set-ret Service has Ju*t unearthed an
other band of counterfeiters and secured ■ large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
(■xecuted that the average person would never
ttuapect them of being spurious. Things of
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hn»t.-tter'» Stomach liltters. which
has many Imitators but no equals for disorders
ilk.- Indigestion. djrvp*>psla constipation. n«rr
vnuxnegn and general debility. See that a pri
vate Revenue Stamp covers the neck of the
bottle.
1 1 1 1 It 1 1 1 1 1 1 i I i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
BE ECU AM Sj
• EL** Mat mam %A a. H. r\l 1 fi hjr J*>
'IDER B tf^ Purify tie Blood, ''
|H#BQ [I CnreßiDtchc%la-V
• ■ ED M V^w proTQ Coar!;slot. j?
, ■ IAMaWiW 10 cents-25 etMa. %
Jiii HK ii c 1 18 <i Cr : 191 1 i ihfrM
ADVEBTISEMjSJJTS.
Mils'
SiOK HEADACHE
Positively cored by tlicso
r.ittlo Pills.
They also rtlicve Distress from Dyspepsia.
Indigestion and. Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
«Oi-O*OIO; O iO'rO ! O ! O }>O »O'-
2 VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! f
♦ £37 A Natural Mineral Water ,>'
O WM with rrediclnal qualities. O
0 /fla I " or I^digeation and
* 4^lt Stomach Disorders, o
1 jflkm So - caiied vichy |
♦ fiiS^S IN SIPHONS £
i^^!§J!3J VICHY^
o 4^^i6 Get tho Genuine j
** m
5 A. VICNIER. Distributing ABont*
♦oeoe-oeo^oe-o »o » - »j*o«o*o*o»
l^ifw^fl^l Healing, Harmless
AAllV«r£9w Po«ltivcly r<rmove»
rnn -.* Pimples and all Skin
roRTtiE Eruptions snJ pro-
COMPUEHON ducrs a natural com
wunnitMUfi p ,. xion .
TWO TIVfS Pnroso lakes th 7
FLESH /'.WH IT t lace of P?, wJe L anJ
! PHROSO MFG. CO. l"v« ™ oily effrcts.
! 51NICIA.CAL SolJ by all dru '*
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
L^ 8tf«n»»r» l^av* r.roadwny
¥&y i, wharf, fan Kran<*in > *>:
1 f"rv?s?v ' ' r Alaskan i- rts. 1" .i m .
i Hb»si *$ >> \| Kor Victoria. Vancouver
, Kg^V2^?*ll <H C). Port T *t -«.t..!. s>-
[ r^J f f- 'fii\ jitt!«\ Tiic nia. Everett. Ani-
~<Slßt •'•-. .1: ! N ■■■•■»■ What'-otn.
(Wafh.), 10 a. m.. Nov. 21.
Zl. I>*c. 2 and evi-ry fifth
day th*-r»aft»r. chunK* at S»-attl» t» thin com-
pany's «teamer« for \lh.-K i ar.'l <J. N. It'y.; at
Tacoma to N. P. It'y. ; at Vancouver to C. I*.
Railway.
Kor Kureka (HumboMt Hay). 2 p. m.. !Cov r>.
30: Dec. 5. ana every fifth Jay thereafter.
For Santa rrux. Monterey. Pan Simeon, r.nyu-
co«. I'iirt Marforil (Han I.UM f)M*^o>. flavlotn.
Fnnta Ilart>ara. Ventura. Hueneme. San IV<lro.
Kast San Pedro (I«o.-» \-i«-I»i>» and Newport. 9
a. m.. Nov. tt. ts; Dec. 2. and every fourth Any
thereafter.
For Han Dleco. jtopplnir only at Port Har-
fortl (Pan Luis Ob)jipo». Santa Barbara. Port
I-o« Amrele* an-1 Re.J(in«lo (I»» Ance!es>. II
am. Nov. 22. 2«. 30: I>ec 4, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For F.n!>en»<U. Masrtalena Pay. Fan Job* del
Cabt\ MHintlan. Altata I.a Pal. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.). 1') a. m.. "th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company
folder.
The company reserve* the rUht to chance
without previous notice, steamer*, sailing dates
an<l honrx o nalllnf.
TICKET OPKIOE-4 New Montgomery
*tre»t iPnlace Hotel*.
OOODAL.L. PFIIKINR A CO.. Oen. At"
10 Market »t.. San l'ranrl»co.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From i.i« Wharf Si H m. m.
C/irjC * v ~ Flrat Claim Includlnir Berth
I ,'.l L $H Scvond Class and Meals.
roiX'MniA Nov. v. r>
BTATK OF CALIFORNIA Nov. tl
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Mutt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all point* Ea*t.
E. C. WARD. Oeneral Airent.
«3f> Market street.
r,nnr>A!.l.. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
TORS. 'OnTHAMPTO*. loj«d-)«i. PASU
Stopping at Cherbourg. we»tlviund.
Fr^tn New Tork Ererr Wednesday. 19 a. m
St. Paul Nov. «'«t I-r.ul« Dec. tt
St. lx)Ul* Nov. 12, St. Paul Dee. 27
St. Paul Dec « New Tork Jan. I
RED STAR LINE.
New York eni Antwera.
Fiom New Tork Every Wednesday. II noon.
Frlesland Nor. »|Kenjiin*tr>n Not Tl
Southwark ... Nov. ti Nr>ord!an<J D»c. «
Westemland ...Nov. SSlFrtesland V*c 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. D.»-*son City.
For full Information rcrardtnt; fre'.cht and
passare arply to>
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANT.
29 Montgomery St.. or any of Its axtndes.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner of First anil Drannan streets. Id. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling At
Kobe (Hlcco). Nanaiakt and Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of salllna-.
NIPPON-MAIMT Faturday. Nov. H
AMF.RICA-MARtT Thursday. D«c. It
HONGKONO-MARU Tuesday. Jan. It
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pns*ag» apply at company's office.
4JI Market street, crrner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
fKJCTIBBftSQA 8. 8. Alame' sal'«
afsr^&H iBSsiSalS. vla Honolulu mit
W ■£*t^Mjm. Auckland for Sydney
JB VZL-HcJ *. Wednesday. Nov. z».
Oj/^l* > «t * P- in.
CyitGUlJlliy^ ,!, for Honolulu
••*" /»f»r->nn. Wednesday. I>c. w.
at ? p. in.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Pa fa. New ZenUnd. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. ; |CXO first class.
i. Lr. »risut'.siß..O3 i.v. . Mats.. 14 MmtSSSBM
Pier 7. root Pact he st Frf.«h»w«e« wi « -v« <?».
COMPAONIE QCNERALE TP.ANSATLA.HTIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _*-£■&•
Hailing every Thursday Instead of CT flf*>
Saturday. from November S. 1S». at ' ""•"•
10 a. m . from Pier 42. North River, foot rt
Morton st. LA NORMAN [>IK. Nov. 1«: LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 51; LA TOL'RAINE. Nov.
M: LA RRETAONE. l>«. 7. Flrst-elas* M
Havre. %M and upward: S per <*ent reduction nn
round trip. Pecon«l-clas» to Havre. *43. .". per
cent reductlcn • n round trio. ORNERAt.
AOENCT FOR UNITED RTATFS AND CANA-
DA. 52 Tlrnadway 'HuJsnn gliding). New Turk.
J. F. FITOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, >
V r'r'merv aye.. P»n FranHscn.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS."
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOT
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tv- - Wed.. Thurs and Sat. at »:tt
a. m.. Jl.'.. »■*' P m. «ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
day*. 1 p. m and 1.30. Sunday*. 10.39 a. m . 1
p. m Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
I'ler No. 2. Telephone Main 150S
FARE •• *••
1112
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the S_n Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
tntll 12 o'clock every nlßl • in the yesr.
BRANCH OmCEM9 Mmteomery street.
rorner <T.«y; open ur.tll ?:3S p. m.
? f 0 Hayes »trert: cpen until f:3O :- m.
t£» McAllister ittreet; open wntil 9:30 p. m.
t'.~ Lnrktn «trrct; open until 9:30 p. m.
IH4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth; open
tint 9p. m.
106 Eleventh street . open urtll • p. ra.
1TO« Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwert comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Flreets; open until * p. m.
.MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFOUNIA Chapter Nr.. 1. H. A. M.. m
will taeet THIS (TUESDAY) 13V EN - _ 4?*_,
IN<;. Nov. 21. at 7:10. v" clock. Ht aled JTzT
rii'-vM:.*; _:id JC A. Jegrry. By order of 'V*
ihe H. 11.I 1 . FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sea.
Gt'Mr\ c.ATI* L.jdKe No. SO. F. and m
A. M.-Mei-tlr.g THIS (TUESDAY) JL
EVKXIKU. at 7:3 ft o'clock. IV 2. TV
GliO. J. HOUR. Secretary. __rV>
Pacific Lodce n<». ia«. f. and a. m . m
121 Ivl>ly st.. wilt meet on TUESDAY _/\_
»t 1 P. m. to attend the funeral of our TTJIT
late ItDther. CHARLES J. BEHLOW./^T j
Master Masons vie itivite.l.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secret an.
PACIFIC , Lodge !fo.l IM, ; *V «n_ A. M.. •
in Eddy Ft., meet* THIS EVENING. __f\_
7:30 oVI.K-k. Fir»t degree, X_/\
OISOEGK PEXLINGTON. Secretary. /▼>
OHIENTAL Lodge Nn. 144. P. and A. M. *
—Third l*>Kn>e THIS {TUESDAY) -_r\-
nVKNING. _t T 30 iVcJock. 7__K
A. S. HUBUARD. Sec '^_2
illf-'SION L>xJgo No. 3C9, F. and A. M.— M
«.>!iWrs ami mw.lxrs are hereby no- .J\
\ • ! that •.: Is I nljse will oonJui-t i«e TCJr
Tuneral hervlct-* of our deerasedlV*
bnjUi.r, ABRAHAM DAVIS tUte of Clay ;
Loflge No. ll'l. imtch Flat. C-l). from the
ti-U of this l>Jge. TO-DAY (TUESDAY), at
1:50 p. m. By order of the W. M.
C. I). IUXKKIt, S.-oretar>j_
CONOORPIA Ix>dge No. 122. 1. O. < -_**C-->
«■ F The n.. ::■.!«• r* of t!i» funer-
Xi committee, an- hereby t>. ■tltW trJ^ff^J?
to assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall ""I**'
WEDNESDAY, at 1 ?.O p. m.. to attend the '
lur.erol of our late brother. JULIUS
lIISNCXEN. C G. MEYER, N. Q.
CHRIST ROEBER. Recording Secretary.
i_'MTY Lodge Nn. 131. I. O. O. F.— <_*^_».
M< m : ■• r* are re juested I > -'^ tnMe ; _s_JSl_^
n tb« hall. Sixteenth and VaJ-n- -^J*^^
rlv WEDNESDAY afternoon at "w»»*
1:30 o'cJovk sharp to attend the funeral *enr-
lre* of Brother ÜBOIUSE LUTHER.
WILL J. FRENCH, N. G.
R, L. SIMPSON. Rev.. S-v.
TO-NIGHT, in the Flrei ChrtFti*n Church, en
Tw<:!th Ft.. :tear Howard — l*a~c. Selb)- for 10
jears a Treettit.ught lrvturrr; subject. "Is the :
Hlt'le a iYuthful Book. Written by Inspired
_Met.T" ;
ANNUAL Meeting— ll-'cular tr.nual meetln- of
the rtocklti-lder* of the r_iu!i _o Sugar Pian- j
tatlon Cimj any win be held at the office j
nf the company. Z2" Vaik't it.. In the city
and county of San Ftmadaoo. on SATUR-
DAY, the 24 day of December. 1595. at the
hour of 1! o'clock a. m.. for the purjx»*e of
electu.g a board >>f dint-tors to serve for the
« iisulrg year *md the transaction of Fuch j
<ither IsilitlCM jik n;ay come twfci-e the nifei- j
Inc. Tra»:s!er boi'kn will eh*** on Wednes- i
' day. NovernlT 22. :?»!>. at : o'clock p. m. !
I*. H. RHEL BOX. .Secretary.
THE California l>«'!irts Commission having re-
ceived application* to mine by the hydraulic
j>rocey* iroi:i W. 11. Secombe In the Lan-
«lerk*r mine, near I'la.-erville. El Dorado
County, to JcjKxJt tailinirs In — ravine tribu-
tary t" VV«bb«-r Creek: iixim Jos. J. Hoffman
urid T. M. BmrtM, In the Pargon mine, at
:..::. Placer Coaatr. to deposit talllr.es In |
Yi'.ano Gaayon. anj from G. W. Coates
and E. B. ILxmlHll. la the Pebble Hill placer
jr.lni-. near Smiths Flct. El Dorado County,
tn depoplt talll'.ts In Little Chunk Canyon, i
jrlves notl'-e tiir.t a rreetir.^ will be held at |
room r.S. Kli<o.l imlldln;;, San Franc^ca. Cal., j
■ r.ltwml'T «. I KM. ar 1 :"» p. m.
ATTOIIM.YS AT LAW.
iTiVICE~7ree7R. W. KlNG7»lxth floor. Chroru
Icle t'Ulldlns: no a-lvanc* charge*; all cs>fs;
«-!tat'». niortKai^-K, <!n~iaires, collectkns,
r.-.t . „ i r i ; Try. vV.'.v. etc.. drawn; moderate
'.•- •■ ; call or write.
ADVICE rr»-e; <!i\orce law a >peclaJty: private; j
no fe* witboat *u<-r-«. ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, alty at la-.-. KM Mark-t, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH FrFLOOD. izTx arket «.. opp. Masoa;
e>iTu*ult_,iiiin Jree: moderate fees.
L P. CI*ARK, F.mma Frreck*-1» building. t27
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance, j
AI'VI<T: fre»: no charts ur.lers successful. W.
| W. DAVIDSON. ;~ Market ft., opp. Masr.n.
PU'VCI.E REPAIRS^
TliOS. 11. U. VATIN'EV. •►•■■ »-. 1 Tenth.
kamplkr and [deal bicycles.
iu:pai»ing a specialty.
BOARD AM) ROOMS
H •! >Y7^^Unlte_^_;es^HotelT^oom^rsTso
*.r*W up. with board $5 £.9; mite for two with
board. (12; board. $4 week; meals, i'ic. ele-
vator runs all night.
EIiDY. 714— Nldely furnlthed room* with board;
home ■ • k.i.,:. private family.
JCHW family lintel; flr-t-clas* In all appoint- ;
mrnts; excelJeM table. I*o7 California »t., oc-
oujiylr.g corner opposite Grace Church.
•'IiKLGRAVIA HOTEL." Po!k and Clay-Sun-
tiy suitct; bert board; for 2. $4i up; singe. 120.
LAP PALM AH. 1^?!> Mnrket-Sulte cf I or J
nr.*. ; private; trnth: sin. rras.; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Larce sunny front rooms;
pord home cooking; also c.ngle rtx:— js; $2u up.
EPI'CIAL offer to teachers; new an_ «elect. 807
«'alifornl_ *t.
VAN NEPS ay.-.. 712-Nlce t'.ntfc ro >m with
Kood table bmird; home cooking.
$inn.«»^o TO loan on Jlamonds, w^trhes. silver, sral-
*ktnf. pianos, runs. Cacte Harris. IS rant ay.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TVANTKIV-A chl'.d to bnard: also to teach If
dr*lred: best of re'erence* ifiven. Call or ad-
dret.- MRP. A. N. COTTLE, 7CS Sixteenth St..
Oakland. Cal.
•WANTED— To bf_n3. 2 or » children. Call or
a<Mr-*» MRS. J. U P.. S€l Minna «t.
WII>OW. hus a nice home, •rants a ♦•mall chlM
to t.).-.r.i: cool hom«-; l^yt care, ffi Fell ft.
■
HO Alt I) AM) ItOO.MS WANTED.
COITLH with 8-year-old son -rant board In
private family: rood location. Box 1314. Call.
1 — — — — ■ ~~~ — — ;
hooks — NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bcurht aad exchanged^
Holn-es Bork Ca. 7(4 Mission st.. near Third.
■ '.(Mil's AM) -Hoi -
BARGAINS In shoe*'.'. Send for j-rlce ll*t.
— lioys* heavy l_ce Miyes. 11 to 2. ..75 c
hpeclal— Men'* regular $2 *h(»eK. all styles. sl 35
People* Shoe Store. 130J Ftocktcn, nr. Bnlwy.
IKH'TS and sho*s made to order from lst-clas*
material. tS to $*; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NINEN. 441 Buhh « . formerly with McNulty.
UtSINESS «£«^.VCES.
>_!4rt,<o; THE leadlrg hat store of th!* city; es-
tablished tor SO >e.ars. -%-lth lnrj?e patronage: a
htJendld buKlnr»s ofTer; (ulltut :nve*tUatinn
boilcltefl; you will find this a flm-d_«i* jn-
\cKtment. Call It. G. « 11. KE. <•% Market
A—fSM* SALOON on Fourth St.. close to Mar-
Itct: llvlr:r rooms, fixtures and Mock worth
$1(/K.>: a bargain. R. G. WILKE SC* Market.
X— 1X0: OOFFEE aaJoon and restaurant: cloti
to C— USornla end Battery ets.: rent $40; 2
years' lease; a go>d-paylng place; best class
of custom; very rare chance; sickness only
cause of *ale. R. ti. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $COO SALOON; doing a splendid business';
neat and clean; on water front, opposite Mis-
Flon-Et. wharf. Call R. G. WILKE. HJC Market.
>-$700: CANDY factorj' and Ice cream parlors
on Valencia *t. : bed year* and doing
a rood i'H.vinj.- business; rent $1Z; a rplendld
business offer. Call It. O. Wllke. m* Market.
t,4OOii— OLD established bakery and coffe* par-
lor*; in choicest *r>catlon; doing a splendid
business. larce outside trade; fullest Inves-
tigation nollcUed. Call R. O. WILKE. 90«
_J »rke_^t ;
/T-C00: HOME b»krry and restaurant on Elllt
st_; cheap rent; rplendldly paying. Call it.
«. WILKE. I*o6 Market ■'
i— sK»c;ol-SA LOON In wholesale district; ectabl.
years and doing a good paying bu»lne*s; no
rilubt cr Sunday work; rent $iO. Call It. v.
Wlt-KE. i»O6 Market «t.
JMto—COIINEH faloon in wholesale district ;
f.rht-c'.as* trade. ALFA CO.. MS Market at.
FRUIT. grai<e and nut ranth which cleared
t!.V;O thin y»*r to sell or exchange for lodß-
in*>hom>* ur bu«lne*s. ALFA CO.. JSS Markt.
$;•*>— PAYING restaurant: good location:. owner
u-wei;; lzivestic-t*. ALFA CO.. 8_ Market.
$i:i«~TO~invest 1n saloon well located and |iay-
lrqg. ALFA 00-. MS Market st.
HOTEL !n go^d location for sale, lease or ex-
rhar.se. ALFA CO.. »- Market »t.
Jarto— BEST money-maklng faloon on water
front; rent til. ALFA CO.. 9Ji Market st.
tC-KV— ISEKT-PAYING day and night saloon In
the city. ALFA CO.. »35 Market tt.
|-»~8-AI.I. restaurant: good location- part-
ner* disagree; K ood trade. ALFA CO.. •« Mkt.
$100 WILL buy partnership In paying buslne**;
•verjthlr.s In eleht. ALFA CO.. H35 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tlnncfl.
$Kn- GROCERY and bar and lodjjlng-houe*.
Mclaughlin _ co., 777', Market st.
1226— FRUIT store with horse and wagon. Me*
_LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*; Market si.
$SM)-FRUIT. clear, stationery and candy store;
dally receipt!, iro to J3u: bargain. M LAUGH-
LIN & CO., 7774 Market
$175— A GRAND opportunity to be connected
with a husllieaa man of 2a years' experience
In a cash business clearing $l"0 each monthly.
Apply HEALY. Dl 7 Market st.
A RARE CHANCE. „
.1. hannlFberg Springs, the famous Summer Re-
*r>rt and vineyard". Napa County; all fur-
nished ar.d equipped for business; has full
huUM every season and pays owner over 20 per
cent on inveMment; must be sild at terms
to suit, or rented at once on account of Im-
mediate departure of owner to Europe.
For rhotoctaphs and particulars inquire of I
A. M. BPECK & OO4' «* ■ Market ,st |
FINE opportunity: will *ell one-half Interest in '
claim in best i»-ctl<>n. on one of biggest pay-
ing .-reeks in Klondike, for $2.'.< xt spot ca*h to j
cl>t:iln rlcht party to help work claim: only
Al parties with ca.«h need answer; references
given and required: owner has lJomlnlon Gov-
ernment papers. For full particular* BM J.
W. DICK— OX. 9 to 10 a. m., rvom 603. Parrott
bulldlnc. S.tn Francisco^
CORNER saloon In business part of city will be
solJ etwap; nice fixtureii and Bi>o.i stock of
11<;uors and clsar*: lull value In sight ami low !
r«nt. Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN. I
Wholesale Liquor Merchants, SE. or. Sev-
enth and Misxlon *ts. I
BALOON— Must nell on account leaving town;
C<H>d bargain. 336 Townsend St.. nr. B. P. H.
It. statlea.
BARBER shop for sale; snap for right man. j
Inquire at 131 Thirl at-, barber ihop.
BARBER shop for sale; owner having two
shop*. Inquire at 3114 Flllmore st.
WANTED— lnterview with party having $*00 to
Invest In an entert-'riße that will clear from ,
$1000 to f?000 monthly: no scheme or f.ike, but
a genuine business proposition: particular*
only by personal Interview: principals having
the' actual cash only dealt with. Address box
»C 4. Call.
$4500— I/OT 100x200; comer San Leandro road
and Rose St.. near Fruit vale; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
•tore and aalaon: elegant grounds; stable ana
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses: finest road- |
ride resort In Alamr-Ja County; telling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy '
terms. Apply to owner on premises. C.
CLTTNDT. San Leandro read, also Call
Branch. Oskland; San Leandro electric car |
pastes door.
CORNER cr.very. fruits, wines and liquors.
with horse and wagon, at invoice; 3 living
rooms and yard. For particulars and reason
for selling call on place. NE. corner Nine-
teenth and Diamond Its
DELICACY store for sale on account of sick- i
nr rr ; very cheap and a paying investment; I
will pay to lnveMicate. MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market St.. near Call building.
PACIFIC COAST RIGHTS.
Will jell rights to one of the bent selling
Tastern tpecialtle* Juct out. Address for ap-
pointment txx 3-S. Call ofllce.
EXPERT Vtter writing: letters composed, type
or pen written: 30 a. m. to 10 p. m. (Sundays j
Included). 6 O'Farrell st.. room 17. I
FIRST-CLASS grocery «nd bar at Invoice: two-
thirds cash; balance on time. Uox 202. Call.
FIFTH. I— Dining room and kitchen as a res-
taurant buslnesS; board taken for rent.
VARIETY store and coffee parlor, with 4 11t-
Ing rooms: cheap. 2474 Mi«»l<jn st.
CANDY store; half value; cause departure; no
agents. j3i Fifth Ft.
SAI/XIN for sale; best bargain In "town It sold
at once. 4"1 Ri:?h Ft.
FOR sale — Good fruit stand: 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth st. I
HALF Interest In curio store; Fme.ll capital re- i
quired. Box ?.:?. Call.
FIHST-CLAFS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
FIKST-CLASS French liquor store; established |
25 years ago; horse, wa«on. cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders: i
north of Market. Box 247. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes rupplied from OEO.
V.'. CABWELL _ CO. 'P. 412 Sacramento tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscript lor.s lias been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kca-
tu«ky Ms. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nnd ]
subhcrlptlons bas been established nt 1W« Va-
lencia Rt.
CARRLAGES AND WAGOXS.
FINK top buggy. almoFt new; business buKKy.
new; buFlntrs wagons, new. tultable for dry
n - ,'.? stores; rockaway. t2S Harrison Ft.
ALL ktßda of wagons, bugglaa, carts, harness.
etc, chrau. EUAN _ SON, 2117 M!*Hion Bt.
100 SETS Eeccnd-hand hnrne<is; wagons, carts.
buggley. surreys nnd horsey, mo Folscm ft.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHKN you become dlsßUsted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Workr. 3i3-r,7 Tehama Ft.; tel. S. «.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st. : tel. S>uth 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
i'.i Stevenson St.; tel South 123; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
tel. Main S:*4. GEO. WAI/TOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c pe r yard; laid at Sc.
FTRATTONS. 3 Eighth ft.; tel. Jessie P44.
JTeT MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 24S 14th
St.: cleanlns. Sc ncr yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLI.VS Carpet-beating Works, in Golden
Gate sve.: tel. T>st 12C.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
ITICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household IdesslnK: a sure
cure for IV'lson oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear ■:
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the w<-11-k?io\vn trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all aTalr* of life. While entranced
the reveal* every hidden mystery; ••• will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; rertore lost affection*;
unite the t-parated; recovers lost or t-tolen
proixrty: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; Fend _tamp for circular
with rpedal terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk Ft., near Jones. Home Pun. and eves.
REMOVED— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Mar-
ket rt. cor. Turk: medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant; Fittings dally: <l!ngno«is free;
"new method" treatment for chronic, private,
obscure laaa; send tump for circular.
MME. MELBOURNE, prophetic reader of desl
tiny, will be here for 10 days; now la the time
to know your future; 2.V and Me; hours 1:30
to 6 p. m.. 7-10 p. m. 612>, Eddy st.
MME. A. CERVANTES the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; beat advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st. room 7. second floor.
MME. IfOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2> up. 73 Fourth it., near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; Fatlsfactlon guaranteed:
25c; correct answers to all questions I 7th st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. <A"i McAllister st; •■: come, skeptics.
335 MCALLISTER, to-night: future revealed by
I rptrit power: 10c. Mr". Meyer and GllllnKham.
MRS. HARLANI test circle to-night; articles
read. 10c; life readings. $1. 34 Sixth st.
C. V. MILLER materializing trumpet seance,
Sp. m., 25c. i C " I>envenworth Ft.
ARRIVED- Prof. Haley; reads your life; cradle
to grave. 50c, $1. 39 Turk. cor. Taylor. parlra 25.26.
I MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past present, future. 25c. US Sixth st. r. 12.
MME. RAVENNA read« life, fluently; business
advice; name- given; 2'c up. 5 Fourth st.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER. professional hypno-
tlst; diseases cured without medicine. 142 6th.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter.
S3O Ellis «t; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. IC2V4 Sixth St..
10 a. m to 8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— to grave; future hu«-
band's picture. Isc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
M.MX. AUGi;fiT. clairvoyant, card reader and
pnlmlftry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Ml**lon.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
• 11 nga dally. -12H Sixth Ft.
< I INK
CALIFORNIA Medical College. M? 2 Fol*om;
free meflicsl nnd Fiirr. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Armey: no charge^jn^
ley* FUcre«yfMl. rtof;m 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED furnished house. 2 or 4 n>oms.
barement l«arn. cheap; for man and wife by
November 27. ' ■■•■■• ■■■. H. de H.. 2212 Mission.
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. S^O'Farrell'iit. ex-
tract* and nils teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges 14-
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 " first
prlies; no lents; guaranteed 12 years.
METER Deutacher Zahnamt. 6 Turk; let -class
work; price* reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1809.
DENTISTS.
d'r"." T." S. HIOOINS" dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure go!a
Jilllnss from $1 up; other till!n»s from JOe;
Ih.iu decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up, flesh colored plates from $3 50 ;
uv: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evening* and Sundays. •
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry—
Bynot, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plate*; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 29
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns. $:: 50: plates.
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth -'
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, m* Mar-
ket Ht.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold -rowns.
33 T>o up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electrici-
ty; guarantee M years; lowest prices; 10 op-
eratorss; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. I.UDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
- ■ laity: all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk it.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 Graduate opera-
tors; open evenlncs and Sundays. K0 Market.
, PARIS Dental Parlors: 235 Kearny. cor. Hush;
full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST price* in S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. T. Dentists. »67 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
sTyLISH suit! made: only $4; high grade work
and perfect tit. 220 Eddy at.
S. y. l^rei'sniaklng. -_d eh" Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 505 Van Ness.
SKIRTS made from $1 up: suits reasonable.
271 Minna st . upstairs^
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking 121 Post.over O'Connor _ Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*B College, 24 Post st.. 8. F. ;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
bran.-he*. civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new fco-p_Ke catalogue free.
MISS M G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de- ;
elres more pupils; lessors personally and by |
mall. KB Montgomery st.
AYRES' Buainaas College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
\ life scholarship $50. Inclndae all branches.
AX.L students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRAN' ISC '
SIN ESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
est. m VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
START right and the end Ii In sight PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. l«08 Mission.
INSTRUCTION .en In piano and singing; ;
social attention to dinners. 1133 Peary st.
LAW schools. 527 Market. S. r" . and 90S Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
r.es« College. 805 Larkln Ft. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, mar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.Oth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 425 Powell, near Gutter: ti •: Hlack 13__
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. f!55 Clay st ; phone Davis •-!.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help 421 Post; rhone Main IKS 6.
1 CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell Kt. ; tel. Euet 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp.Agency; ail kinds
help. Or.O. OAKI. M Geary St.: '"' Grant M
EM PLO VII ENT WANTS D — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also first-class Swedish cook: beet refer-
ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN, :
31*3 Suiter st. ; phone Main _1.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
sires situation; hotel or boarding house; best
city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. Cl Butter st. j
LADIES, we have to-day waiting for a situa-
tion one of the beat American cooks to be
found In the city; understands French and ;
American cnokinc In all Its branches and has
the best of references; wagea wanted $36. '
See J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter st.
POSITION by an experienced cloak and suit
I saleslady. Address box 1321. Call. j
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation
In hotel; is good i_Ftry baker; city reference.
C . Howard st.
REFINED and competent Christian woman
wants position as housekeeper: widower"*
family preferred; good home desired. tall to- !
day '".:', Larkln St.; ring third Boor bell.
COMPETENT woman wishes to do general
housework; American family; good cook; ;
wages SIS. Box 1313. Call. ;
GIRL wishes position to assist with light
housework. €23 Stevenson st . bet 7th and ith.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation In city; mod-
erate wages, f.4 Jessie Ft . t>et Ist and 21.
COMPETENT nan; Is a fine American cook
and houeekeern—: is kind to children; work In
city or country, country preferred; state
wages; no ixwtals. Call at 120 Fourth M .
room 14.
BOOKKEEPING, shorthand, typewriting. Eng-
Urh branchen. 172:"i Mission St.; lessons
given In return fur Latin, sewing or meal*.
WANTED a competent woman, a situation
to do general housework; moderate wages.
Apply for two days at r.<X» Mission st.
COMPETENT man wishes gentlemen's wash-
ing and mending: suits cleaned and repaired.
24 Mint. a st., renr house.
WOMAN would like posit on to assist In light
housework. Call 145 Tehama St.. after 9 a. m.
WOMAN wishes a position to do upstairs work
and wait table or assist In light housework.
5T.42 Seventeenth *t.
WAN" Situation at working housekeeper
by a married woman, speaking English and
German, with a child 1 year old. Call at 2030
Mltslon st.
WOMAN wishes any kind of work by the
day. 17 Madison aye.; upstairs, rear.
COMPETENT German woman wishes a posi-
tion a« working housekeeper; Is a good cook.
MRS. M. GUT. '.07 Frederick st, nr. Stanyan.
REFINED young lady with some experience
wishes a position In store; speaks German.
Box 353. Call office.
DRESSMAKING, tailoring, altering; perfect
fit; terms reasonable; or will go In families.
651 Geary st.
$H/'.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ft. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; £Sc to $1 50 night: $1 53 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received nt 'all branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky FtH. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH olfiee for Call advertisements ana
FUDFCripttons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED* MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest man (Ger-
man) understanding drugs desires position as
porter In retail or wholesale drug store; is
willing to start for low wares. Box 1316, Call,
TOUNG man. 20 years, wishes employment In
engine room or firing. Box 1318, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman;
understands the care of horses, cows, garden
work; has porter experience and Is handy
with tools desires position. Box 1322, Call.
PAINTER and grnlner wants work for the
city or the country. LEON L.. 1050 Howard
st. room 23.
MAN and wife would like situation on ranch;
man as ranch hand, wife as cook. Call or
address 11. H . 474 Jessie Ft.
WANTED— Work by young man nt window and
ho ;se Meaning by the day or other work.
HENRY ANDERSEN. Hotel Plymouth, 9.'.2
Bnah et.
EXPERIENCED collector wishes a steady po-
sition: will take accounts on commission. Box
IK?.. Call office.
MINER who can assay wants work. Address
box 1310. Call office.
TOUNG man of rood address would like to
learn cent's furnishing: salary no object; un-
exceptional reference*. Address box 1312, Call.
ALL around good man wants position of some
kind; Al references; grocery preferred. Box
ISI3. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position In
grocery: position more of an object than sal-
ary: flr-t-claas references. Address box 1317,
Call oltlce. ■^
WANTED— Situation as first porter; under-
stands steam heat. Box 1324, Call office.
AS bartender; single, middle-ape, sober and
respectable, with personal references. BAR-
TENDER. S7 Third m. room 2.
UPHOLSTERER desires work in furniture
store; small wages If steady. Box 327, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.^
TANNERS-Sober young man desires work
with tanning company; city or country" un-
derstands work from souks to grading leather;
references. Box 2495. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class designer,
cutter and fitter on ladles' garments; best
references. Box 1305, Call office.
WANTED— By a typewriter, work to do at
home. Box 130 S. Call office. ;rf-' :
SITUATION wanted^ by a practical single man
as superintendent or foreman: thoroughly
understand vineyard, orchard and wlnemak-
ing In all ltH branches; comj*»tent to handle
large crew of men; best of references. Box
359, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants situation; Is
handy with tools; able to take care of horses
and cattle; also as assistant gardener or
farm hand: refer) can be obtained. In-
u.ulre F. M.. 621 California at.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desire* position ax porter In wholesale house
or store; understands the '-are of horse* and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570. Call.
STEADY man wants work; Is partly employed;
chores about house- generally useful; bandy
with tools; reference; 10c per hour and
board. Address box 342. Call office.
COMPETENT young man wishes position as
valet or nurse to elderly gentleman; refer-
ences. Box 3CO. Call office.
JlO.fleO TO loan on diamonds, wafhes.sllver. seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant hv. i
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school:
boy. GEN V.. 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE good cook wants place to do gen-
eral housework In family: wages $5 up a
week. Box 335. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position
as butler: good references. Box 334. Call.
Al PLUMBER wants situation In city or coun-
try. Br>x 831. Call office.
BARBER— Middle-aged, strictly first class.
wishes position. Address 511 Eighth st. city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at l«ss Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATKRLE, German expert optician.
10? m M.irk»t st.. San Francisco, exam fr»e.
EXCHANGE.
CALIFORNIA property to exchange for same
In Portland. Or. E. M . Call office, Oakland. I
FOR sale or exchange— residence In!
Alameda: large grounds; good location; for
San Fran. property. MONROE & CO..
11 Montgomery st.
$3500— FINE new house; 7 rooms and bath;
modern lot; 50x150: 10 minutes' walk to local;
want a small ranch In bay counties. WM. P.
>i>D. 1070. Broad Oakland.
GOOI> renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. KDPON. l?rc> Pr-,<rlwnv. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
ASHTON _• GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY.
$!.'>— HolIIa; 6 rooms and bath.
$——1721 McAllister: 7 room! and bath.
$IS — 459 Stevenson; 4 rooms.
AN el.fr-mt sunny middle corner fiat: modern
Improvemtß. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
ELEGANT fiat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st
FLATS, 4 and 5 rooms each; rents $14 and
$14 SO. f6 and s Dearborn »-t . off Seventeenth,
near Valencia.
FLAT hurting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
11 M ii mery Ft.
LOVELY lower flat; I rooms and bath; yard;
rent Teas. 3570 Seventeenth, near Guerrero.
LOWER flat of * rooms at 1310 Larkln st.
Apply 1318 Larktn st.
MODERN furnished flat of six rooms. ISC9
Btelner st
S. E. CORNER Page and Lycn sts.; modern
flat: 8 romos and bath: rent $32 50.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms nnd 2 kitch- '
ens each: first and second Boors. 417*4 Third.
SUNNY fiats; 3 and 4 rooms; bath. 1626 How-
: ard st. near Twelfth.
I-ROOM Bat 10 Hunt St.. ofT Third, between
M -*lon end Howard; reduced J- 50.
$27 10— NEW upper. 8 rooms, bath and laundry:
45 Belvedere, near Frederick: grand view of
Park NICOL. 410 i^ • imy st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FURNITURES FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 Inch rugs. ,
$1. Fnstern Outfitting Co.. 1310-17.12 Stockton I
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
$300— 7-ROOM flat and bath: new furniture and I
carpets: rent 130 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for Mtit, with No.
7 ranpe Klnir Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURES WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. Pays
the hißhent price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
r-ricepuld: nostal M SHver»te<n. 1121 Market.
kkii.i:-. nuts, ktc
ELECTRIC seal capes, As'rakan yokes. $10 to
130 RUBT, WALLACE. 115 Kenrny. top lloor.
HELP • WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS Ladle* nnd gents everywhere make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields in the Philippines; Just the thing for
Xmaa present. Call or address P. E. LAMAR,
21 First Bt.. Ban Francisco. Oil.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bid... after 4
o'clock.
SALESMEN to sell the retail drug trade. P.
C. M. A., 76 Flood building, alter 4 o'clock.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER: 115: count see party here
at 11. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT Bocond girl; $20: see lady here at 9; easy
place. MISS CULLEX. 325 Slitter st.
INSTITUTION laundress: plain work; $2:..
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German or Swedish laundress;
$30. MISS CULLEN, 225 Sutter st.
A— 2 YOUNG clrls to canvass; $5 per week.
Miss CULLEN, m Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse glrlj I children; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
GERMAN or Swedish Klrl. housework. $20. 2
In family: boarding- house cook. $25. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
Inexperienced Klrl for candy fr.ctory. 16 to IS
years of age. hours 7:30 to C: ah. 2 experi-
enced chocolate dippers (no office fee), see
paity here at S o'clock: 4 waitresses, Irst-
clas^ commercial hot-'!l, $20 and fare; 2 chnm-
1-errialds to Walt, $20: cook, 'til. city, $;."..
cook ai d dishwasher, country (see party
bera l 1l 1 1 o'clock); laundress, hotel, country,
}>: laundress, institution, city. $20; 2 experi-
enced mangier*. ?r. '.' lunch wa I tresses, J5O.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Swedish bouseglri, Modesto. $30 and fire,
hero: houseslrl. Stockton, ?2."> (a»e party
here), anal! family; M Swedish and Geunnn
girls. $25; 20 other first-class places, small
families. $20. (25.
C R. HANSEN * CO., 101 Geary st.
WANTED— German cook, no wash, $35; 4 Ger-
man cooks, $25 and $30; cook, 3 In family, $30,
gee lady at 10 a. m. : Scandinavian cook. $2.'..
nice place; second work, country. $25; maid
and seamstress. $25. Bee lady at 12:30 p. m. ;
3 German second Klrls. $20. $2.*.; French nurse,
$25; German nurse and seamstress. $25; res-
taurant waltret-tses. $5, $6 a week, $2.'. month;
working housekeeper. $15: 25 girls for house-
work, city and country. $2». $- 5 - J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. 449 Na-
toma ct. >v<~
GIRL wanted to assist In housework and care
for baby. ic-,2 McAllister st.
WANTED— Saleslady, experienced In the retail
crockery business ; wages $■"> per week; give
rsferences. Box 1319. Call.
WANTED— Young girl for peneral housework;
need not cook. Call IS3I Eddy st. .:..;-.
TAILOREBB wanted for bush-ling. 392 Geary
street.
GOOD finishers on custom coats. 102. 104, 10G
Battery st.
2 PROTESTANT girls to assist In adjoining
■ flats; room together: small wages. 303 Scott.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework.
116 Colllnswood St.. bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth.
GERMAN girl; geneml housework. Apply 9
to 12 a, m.. 414 Van Ness aye.
GERMAN girl to assist In housework and take
care of child. 755 Eddy st. '
FINISHER on men's coats. 1036 Howard st.
TAILORS wanted; custom coats. 533 Natoma
street.
GIRL to assist with housework; small family;
Kood home; wages $S; references required.
Apply in the forenoon,- 1434 Washington st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1207 Hyde st.
WANT!-:!' lady to assist with children.
2912 Clay at. . _
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitress. M
Scott st. cor. Fulton.
WANTED— Good cook; reference* required.
Call between 1 and 2 at 1721 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. Call mom-
Ings, CO.! Buchanan st.
YOUNG woman for li.lit housework and make
beraeK useful. 71« Franklin st.
GIRL from <! a. m. to 6 p. m; $12 per month;
sleep home. 941 A Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN cook Immediately. 113 Turk st.;
restaurant.
GIRL. 16 or 17. for atora. 715 Larkln st.
WANTED— from 12 to 15 years to help take
care of 2 children. I— A Eighth Mt.
GIRL for general housework: must be good
cook. Apply 2C04 California st.
WRITERS on short story magazine. "The Ra-
ven": $*7 50 In prizes. CHAS. McARTHUK,
Oakland. ■:'■■■■, ."
$100,000 TO loßn on diamonds, watches. stiver, seal-
skins', pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady in small family:
wag— $12. Call 1701 Mason st.
OPERATOR on vests: plenty work. Call Mon-
day at 6 Eddy ft., room 61. St. Ann's building.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co. 1308 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sis. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ofrice for Call adverlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla St.
HELP. WANTED— MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man: do chores; $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
GERMAN couple: ranch work; see party here;
$40. MISS CULLEN. 226 Sutter st.
MURRAY _ READY ~ PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED 7 A. M. TO-DAY
10 laborers for _ large Co., steady w0rk. ...560
r. drillers, city work $*'
2 slate roofers, 8 hours' w0rk.... 53 to $3 50 day
3 farm hands. San Mateo C 0... .526 and found
farm and orchard hands, teamsters, etc.... 526
woodchoppera, San Benito Co $150 cord
woodchoppers $1 25 and $1 50 cord
MEN AND WIVES
man and wife for the mines $40 and found
German furmer and wife, see bos* here
laborers, near city $2 to $2 75 day
stablemen hostlers
boy to drive butcher wagon $15
boy to learn machinist trade $10 and found
choreboys and boys to learn trades.
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _
ALL-AROUND butcher, country shop, $30 and
found, see boss here 8:30 a. in. to-day
young German buy to learn sausage making,
$12 and found; waiter, country hotel. $30;
cookH, city and country. $35 and $40; ranch
cooks, $15 and $20; dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C 35 Clay st.
c. ii HANSEN .<• CO 104 GEARY ST.
stonemasons. Coast R. R.. $2 50 a day. free
fare: teamsters. Coast Road, free fare, ship
dally; farmer and wife, $40; farmer and wife,
$35; man and wife, private place, $40; 6 or-
chard farmers. $20; wheelwright, $35; wagon
painter, $30; miner, $2 50 a day
steward, wardroom mess, $50: waiter for Ne-
vada, $40: waiters, $25. C, R. HANBEN _
CO.. MM Geary st.
WANTED— 2 miners. $2 50 day. short distance;
aaaiatant choretnan, $20; - ttant nursery-
man, $SS: stableman for country, $25; and oth-
f-rs. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento.
WANTED— for 4 miners. $20; oyßterman:
lunch cook. $7; 2 cooke for coffee houses. $7 and
$11. and others. J. F. CHOSE 1 & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Tne only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
U.'HIiEKS' ii greaslva Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th; tel, Jessie 152
STEADY young butcher for cutting and route.
BURGER _ WEISS. 1512 Kentucky st.
WANTED— A blacksmith's helper. 450 Bran-
nan st.
WANTED— Tonne man about 20 as houseboy
and make himself useful; good home; fair
wattes. Apply 1729 California St.. between 9:30 I
and 12 a. m.
JEWELERS— Bush «t, room 4, third floor.
WANTED — First-class crockery packer. Apply
52 Market St.: none without experience need
apply. Box 1320, Call office.
BOY with experience In a plumbing shop. 72*
Howard St.. near Third.
FIRST-CLASS tailors on custom coats. 102-104-
116 Battery st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c to
f.io. BM— St.. bet. Ist and 2d sis.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom coats. 102-
104-106 Battery st.
YOUNG barber, some experience, to finish
trade. Box 1811. Call office.
BUCKER and stripper for factory. 2249 Six-
teenth st. "
GOOD waiter wanted. Apply at 134 Third
street.
GOOD platen press feeder; apply 8:30 a. m.
Tuesday. BRUNT, 535 Clay st.
GOOD Industrial man for debit; good contract;
12:3iV1:30. W. H. CHAPMAN, .11 Montgomery.
MIDDLE-AGED man wanted to take care of 2
horses, work around house; low wages. 513
Sixth et.
TWO good, steady coatmakers wanted at Palo
Alto.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher or presser;
steady work. £54 Folsom st.
DISHWASHER: good place for right party.
Call 41S Third St.
GOOD coatmaker wanted. 520 Kearny »t» room
1. first floor.
HOUSE painters. Call at 820 Green st., be-
twaan 7 and 8 o'clock.
BARBERS— Good-paying, 2-chalr shop, $50~;
cause alckiieaa; great bargain, 1059 Folsom st.
GOOD bootblack In barber shop at 407- Bush
street.
CORNET player and accordion player. 418 Du-
pont St.; call between 3 and 4 p. m.
SMALL errand boy. 354 Geary at.
GOOD hand for kitchen; call after 10. 25 Taylor
street.
FIHST-CLABS barber wanted; also a good boot-
black; $S a waek. 1205 Market st.
D— Active boy to work In drugstore;
hhort hours. Box 326, Call.
WANTED— unemployed energetic men; $3 per
day. Room SI. 916 Market st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d Bt*.
WANTED — Reliable experienced porter for res-
taurant; must be well recommended. 11l Lar-
kln it
WANTED— 23 painters, plasterers and 1 first-
class copper roofers. Apply at southeast cor-
ner of Fillmor*- and Waller sts. . . " V:
GOOD Industrial man for debit: good contract;
8-9. 5-6. W. H. CHIPMAN, 511 Montgomery.
BOY wanted to learn the drug business. Call
; at 134S Ellis st.
BARBERS— On account of sickness will sell
my shop cheap. 427 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
$100,000 To loan on diamonds, watches.silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ar.
CAPE NOME. ALASKA.
Persons desiring to secure passage on a first-
class early boat for Cape Nome and York at
reasonable price* can do <.i by applying at
once. Address Committee, box 2484. Call.
BRIGHT young man wanted In the business
chance department: must be a "hustler" and
up-to-date. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO..
927 Market St.. rooms 201-202.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
renter of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor: must be sold. For particular* call on H.
BC— — UN— RT, 927 Market st
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Den\er House 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms: 2.'.c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
2 COATMAKERB. San Jose Woolen Mills Co
523 Market st. room 3; 12 and 1 o'clock.
SMART canvassers and collectors: Industrial
Insurance. R. RALPH. 511 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man, who has worked In hat and fur-
nishing goods store. 613 Montgomery st. i
WANTED— An energetic man who wants to
make money. 472 1 * Thirteenth st. Oakland.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; beet In city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coa«t and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmor* st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHI EPA HP & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 room*. 2.'> c night; reading room: free
•bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Young 'nan to drive butcher wagon,
take care of. horses and help In shop. Call or
address 250» Clay st. j
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 11.'. Kearny
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 16c and 2So
per night. Llndell. tth and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. «57 Market. St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-recond and Ken-
tucky st?.: pen till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 10?« Va-
lenelw St. _^_____________,
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Snle
810 auction sale of horses direct from the
country Tuesday. 11 o'clock. Ormonde Stable.
1517 Mission st: this stock can be seen In
harness any time up to day of sale. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer. •
A CARLOAD of gnod work horses, one span
weighing 3600. 1751 Mission st.
HEAVY truck horse for sale. Apply at coal
yard. Twenty-fourth st. bet Alabama and
Florida.
FOR Thirty head of good horses, suitable
for all purposes: weight from 1200 to IGOO.
€7 Hermann St.. near Valencia.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday.
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st
S. WATKIN9. Auctioneer. ________
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
U HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1«1
and 1C25 Market st. between Twelf'h and
Brady: also some fine matched Mark teams
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
CO-ROOM house: best location city: near
Market: all rented. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
12- ROOM house: half block from Market
St.. central; fine furniture. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see BA-
PILE. 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
R. H. WINSTON _ CO.. IC2B Market st.
18 rooms; rent $40: only $323
_ rooms: north of Market 650 1
23 rooms, near Geary: clear* $100 — 0 I
M room*; cheap rent: must sell 2500
A— 4 };< ■■ M house on .Market ct: part rash;
bargain. COWING A CO.. 995 Market st.
WANTED— To buy. 10 to 35 rooms fur. house;
good location: must be cheap. Box 1253. Call.
$400— IS ROOMS, furnished for housekeeping.
all rented: on Mission st., near Sixth. In-
quire at 951 Mission st.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nice house; S3
rooms; cheap; retiring from a— — .
FOR SALE— 9-room lodging house, furnished.
Apply 661 Howard st . near Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Hit: houses to let; send for cir-
cular G. II UMBBEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK _ CO W7 Market st
HOUSES. I FLATS.
«31 Jersey; I r...512 00 «io McAllister; 7 r.SIO 00
110 Natoma: $ r.. IS 00 — I Franklin; < r. 27 50
123.". Sanchez; 5 r.. 12 M 2616 Market; « r.. id 50
BROADWAY. 190R— 6 rooms, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent $20.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath: furnished. $35;
unfurnished $2.1. 111« Leavenworth st.
LACUNA, 1715-1717—2 sunny modern houses of 8
rooms and bath each; newly papered.
ONLY $20—10 rooms and bath, closets, hot and
cold water, etc.: In excellent order. €2 Te-
hama st . near Second.
$27 50— HOUSE S rooms and bath; good order.
— Broadway.
$100.0r<0 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
Ot— BAT-WINDOW house, with furniture; 9
rooms and bath; 2609 Pine st. Apply to E.
ROBINET. room 8. 4U>, California st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To buy lodging-house by responsible
party. Address box 344. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog: white breast;
license tag No. —IS; reward. 309 Castro st.
DARK-BROWN spaniel. Return to 785 Folsom
st. ; reword
LOST— A gold watch and short chain with
Chinese gold coin, and another gold coin with
monogram A. B. in black enamel, a suit- i
able reward If returned to 101« Bush st, be- i
tween Jones and Leavenworth.
■ I
LOST— Round gold pin. black enameled open
Bible In center; not valuable; a keepsake. t
Finder will receive a liberal reward by re-
turning pin to 1131 McAllister st.
FOUND— A cocker spaniel, bearing license;
owner can have same by proving property
and paying expenses. 623 Third st.
medical:
MRS. DR. wyetu. ladles' physician; consul-
tatlon free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post st . between Hyde
and Larkln: hours, 10 to Z. 7 to I.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or j
chronic diseases, with best possible car*
MRS Da GWYER. 610 Eddy st. ',et. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
■ to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms; I
• best of care; nice garden; medic-ted steam !
bath* for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781; re». in; Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladle*' physician for 37 years;
call on physician with man's knowledge; $5.
cure sent; private home In confinement 315
—IV st. . consultation free; guaranteed.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. M I Market st.T hours. 10
a. m. to ■'. p. m. : nt residence. 22* Van Ness
aye., hour* 5 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treat-
ment. |6.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122* Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment $5. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9a. m. to I p. m.
DR. WISE, the ladles 1 specialist. HIS darke-
st. ; every ca>e guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. th- world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 1073U Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11.*. Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building, S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
WANTED— 3 or 4 parties with small capital to
Join in a gravel mining enterprise. In which
there is Immense profit; a small investment
will yield large returns for many years. W.
F. ARAM. Mills bulldlnr
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. ii-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
at., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
ALL goods sent C O. D.. with privilege _ ex-
amlnatlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store. |
.21 Market St.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any j
other store in the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The j
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st: tel Main 503-
8 HOISTING engines. I steamers. i locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 ML BACIOALUPI.
Pl* Market ht . Pan Francisco. _______
NEW Klondike outfit: one-third cost: also 70-
year-old violin: cheap. Box 361. Call office.
BUSINESS wagon. $20: harness. $10: bicycle. J
$10; rare chance; spot cash. 1811 Eddy st.
BAR counter, with drainer and footrest; 14
feet long; cheap. Apply 1219 Market at.
PAIR white kittens, young St. Bernard bitch,
cheap. C. D. HYDE. Nineteenth and Can ll m.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: « drawers.
good order; complete. 1915 Mission st.
8-FOOT windmill. 2000 gallon tank and dept. |
well pump; cheap. 703 San Bruno aye.
UISCELLANEOUS FOR BALE.
CREAM of Irish setter blood: prices reason-
able, (llenmore Kennel*. 1041 Linden. Oakland.
DRESS pants. 12 71; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTH INO PARLORS. r,U Montgomery st
A— s3 So DERBY and Fedora hats. fl 7S, jiw
ular Price Hntters. 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
FOR Christmas presents' call on SORENPEN*
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st. below MUMo'n)
BOILERS, engines, drill presies.pianers.lathe^
Iron & woo.1: 2d hand. J. BURKE. IP Beal»!
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical suppliei
boilers and engines. H. 8. White. 51« Mission!
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boiler*.
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2H Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills; by all drugT
gist" or Dog Hospital. 810 001-len Oaf aye.
SAFE?— New and second-hand. THE HEIT
MANN gAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento »t.
BARS, •> shelving. showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN'. 11» Mission: tel Jessie Uti
MIS* KI.I.ANKOI s WANTS.
WANTED— To buy. horse and light coverel
wagon: must be cheap. Box 312. 'all office.
WANTED— Lady's rolling Invalid's chair in Al
condition. Address 11. LKHMI'T'HU 411
Mississippi st.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds am
pillows: send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. .;:.
Union st
WANT— D— To hire W) r.rst-cl— sa scraper te«rn»
with harness; and pead bars; long job. K. U.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. Sllverman. 914 Folsom. nr. rtth.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If y i
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe blda 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. Id and Jd mort-
gage*, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els*.
where. It. McCOLCAN. -'4 Montgomery, r 3.
ANY proposition: any amount; < per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
in estates. legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortßages. confidential: advice free. G K.
OLSEN. KM! Mi first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos tn 8. '. Oak-
land or Alameila at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no detays. j.
NOONAN. 1017 to ISI Mission st. abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, thrn see me; IV. • >
to S1CO.00O; S per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In prcbate. undivided Interests In
estates, legacies «nd mortgages bought; advlr«
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. CM Marki
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds, jewelry »• low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Kt"re. W Market
st.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
'ST reliable place to borrow on dlamnnd».
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON real estate. Ist. or 2d mortgage*, and on
furniture or pin- no removal; sny amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery sf
ANY amount by private party on furnltur* an<l
pianos: no removal: low rates confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell it
AT 12« Keurny. room *. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, In-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser MORRELL. 109 Examiner bldg.
To salaried men: without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
$•000 TO loan on furniture am! pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A. CO.. 102< Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 2-"0 California st.. room 7.
K0 TO 150.C00-. lowest rates Ist and 2d nortga •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, piano*, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK.. IK AlcAlltster st.
IF your rrr/erty Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MI'RPHY. Kb) Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three year* and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $< per month, and some good
pianos for V.. 14 and I" per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO., Stelnway Dealer*, cor-
ner Kearny and flutter its.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest h>u —
west of Chicago Is KOHLER it CHASES.
I*. 2*. and 30 O'Farrell at.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy, prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
KNABE planes: new scale; new styles. XOH-
LEIt - CHASE. 30 OFarreli st.
FACTORY price* for new piano* until Ist of
January: easy terms; Stein way upright. C— kas
. Bros . Hardman. Decker and several other
slightly used pianos will be closed out at
once to make roam for new stock. THE J.
DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
1100 WILL buy ■ nice little upright at MAU-
VAIS'. 7» Market st.
COME and see us if you want bargains; price*
lew; terms easy. MAUVAIS. 7O Market st.
DECKER _ SON pianos take the lead every-
where; they are "best of the best." Sold only
at M MTV Ali T. Ml Market st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. M Jf per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnway*, 1 Vose A Sons and
fifty other slight! 1 - used high and medium
grade pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. Ut Ellis st.
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand piano* on
storage nt auction prices: cheap for ush.
WILSON*- STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright. sacrificed.
KKEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary M
W. B BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. age-* for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
WAN" 7 equare piano*. BYRON MAUZT.
308 Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 218 McAllister »t.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. MITZ. 14
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 301
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers . old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 I.ith.tm place.
OFFICES AND STOKES— TO LET'
WANTED— good tenant for grocery or any
other business In new store on N\\. cor. of
Post and Larkln sts.. at reasonable term*.
A. M. SPECK - CO.. M 7 Market st
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear:
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
953 Valencia st.. under Hotel Dennl.ton cor-
i.er Twenty-first; business center of Mission.
PACIFIC. J74 and 323-1 handsome large stores
to let; Very cheap.
FMVA SPKKCKKLS building. *27 Market st —
Llrht. •>'"-■■ »fr>... «H W t» t~ rer month.
PALMISTHT.
.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phone Larkln 10*6. MRS. I.
I'KKson a_aV
WANTED— Baby for adoption; write before
confinement, which must be In few days or
week. Address box 313, Call office.
MANILA French laundry: cleaning, dyeing;
curtains. 38c up. avoid holiday rush. 642 Geary.
WEAK eyes, cold in the eyes, poor sight. In-
flamed lids. etc.. can be cured permanently by
MRS. BONES' Celebrated Eye Salve. t3«
Natoma st.
LEDERER'S Qntntonlca, the finest of all hair
tonics, refreshes and renews the ha'r: 2S<3
bottle. Used and sold at 123 Stockton st
LEDERER Is introducing some new hair styles.
Just Imported direct fr m Paris. JSc: dolls'
hair dressed, too; manicuring. 23c; he use*
Fcamo Shampoo. Sc package. 123 Stockton st.
SITTINGS free for bust cabinet photo*: no
charge unless suited; adults only. Every
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday of this
month at 46 O'Farrell and IK Stockton sts.
STAMMERINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AM. Ph.D., _ U Linden. Oakland.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC halrdr-. 23c; shampooing. 25c;
halrdreaslng and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. 102S Market st., over Wonder.
ELEGANT, remnants for suits. $10 75; pants.
$: 75, or overcoats, $12 BO; made to order;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1844 Market st. St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Wind— at
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 180 rooms'
2'c to « so per night; $1 SO to $1 per Maw
free 'bus and baggage to and from th« ferry!IT.RSOXALS.
• : r vTING iJi<>iitr'.c.*l and masTJ^rade cos-
•rrp<n; make-up and wign: country orders ao-
■ «. <;■■ 'I.: -STEIN Jt CO.. 713 Market st.
?:.-,: -.HVru !n ur.red'emed r'.e&zt*. Jewelry.
rl.-thl&K. etc.. for amount '.......'. jr. : inter-
.•t CUT RATE LOAN OFKJCE. 22 Mason.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialist*, crow hair
. r r, ;*> : »><-.i,k fcr stamp. « Eddy »t.
A. Ki»EIN buys cl >tji'r.c. bric-a-brac, tocTs and
1 d rold; tend for him. 109 Sixth st.
ONLY. »tme that bays old C".ll. Jewelry and
east -eg ; clothing. OOLEMAVB. JOfi Ke»rny.
BEST prlc* for ca»t-oTT clothing anJ brU<^
Ira.. H. MARKS. 3» Third st.: send postal.
S"ITP to order m easy Installments I*.
Li:_?:op. 1117 Market St.. bet. ?th and ihh.
Ml I, H «-nop : dental work In all branches-
rxarriir.attrn free. ?•» Market F t.. rms. 2& S.
PAIXTIXO «nd paper-hanging; rooms r.apered.
t; Si up. JEN PEN fe BATH. V* flxth rt.
MKS L 3 WHEraXKTK has removed La Verit*.
• n to ::• I Market rt.: rhon# Fvlsr>a «<L <
M LUE CLAIRE B BRTBAXD.I raaajcor* I par-
!■ :■». I£S KeHmr »t.. first fl.v>r, roims t-t.
ANTIQUE a-id curiosity shop: b'rfvks bought,
sold, exchanged. IZi Import St.. near Cal.
IN<nUSTAT:oN_New inventlsn for chins, dec-
onion. s™ P. R CHURCH. «I 7 Sacsoroe st.
LACHMAN A CO.. mrrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also rrmodeMnic. IC4 Kearny st.
IT >i-u v'.flx full value fer ro» Jr ea*t-o2 clot fa-
ir, g call on P. COHEN. IST Third st.
RUPTURE, rtrtcture cured; no~knlfe; no lniee-
t!^ti: truarantd. Dr. Ocrdln. SM Pine. ab.Krry.
Wanted— Old roll for manurg. O.noltf"
-.•ryri'. s *? °T»rrejl. bet. Powell and Mason!
A WCESTB re»« for 5 cents.The Weekly Call
:r: r ; ..'-. in tvrnrrfr. fr>r mailing, tl per yrar.
IMIOTOGRAPniC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square" deal "and
prompt; twrvipe; country orders our specialty
csi?hl «■.» :r>e. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To rer.t. smalt chicken ranch; low
r.-tt: I'-i'.tVHJo .r Piedrr.f-rt. H x 314. Call. '
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR Mil
I ?' CAPP 4~C<s^ '
EtCAX. Ef-TATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.
no. <3'i market st.
OFFER FOR SALE.
FINE LOT. sunny side McAllister et.. be-
tween Flllmore and Sterner: 4ilI7:«: suitable
'.or ren.ience and garden; good neighborhood;
cars bandy; cheap-
MISSION- ST.. W. side. bet. Seventeenth and
r.'thte,r.«.h. 2-story, bay-window, J rooms and
Lath: klrrttSy business property.
POCnTEEXTH ST.. brt. Mission and Hew.
frj; old-estab'.lshed grocer?', with rooms and 1
Tat aln,ve; cheap.
LYAN ST.. bet. Bush and Plr.e: nne 1-story !
residence: T ro«ms and bath.
ri'IHTH AVF... b«-t. P^int Lobes REd Clem-
ent: cars to Park and Cliff House r-fi*«-
GUEP.RKP.O BT' bet. Thirteenth anS Four-
teenth: 4lk7i; within one and a half blocks of
>'ark»t st.. e«th«T way.
♦ VWENTY cheap houses and lots at the Mis- j
s!cn.
J-YtR 6ALE— Modern residence. l r *X Leavrn-
u..rth m.. l—t. Pine and California: between
1 cur '.lne*; cootalaa runny rooms, bath and
tasernent; all the latest improvements; j artly
f :m,*he,l; nn reasonable offer r»fusrd; good
Investment. Inquire lev* Leavenworth »t.
{3439— MODERN ."-room cottage on Ktumlnlfd
ttr«-»t. lot 21x123: al» > a Urge 7-room house
en Ptrrre st., near Tlalcht: houses built to
► uit purrha«<:r: eary terms. Inquire en prem-
Ip**, X NELSON, builder.
J FOR new house c* 5 rooms and let £3x130.
:r. f^aklard: terms 1200 cash, balance $9 p*r
v. nth: ! t nml house co*l r2^l. Inquire WM.
IIENDRICKSON & CO.. Cl 4 Call bunlding.
IF >cv have lota north of Golden Gate Park.
wi st of First aye.. and you wl»h to sell them,
fall on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery- st.
e-r.f>AM new f.rnM. JSOT cash. t2S per month.
MCCARTHY CO.. C4t Market^
KOI SE f'T.i»ale. cheap. 21 Bryant St., be-
tw.-t-n Mute and Spfar.
U. MURPHY. C5O Market et.. make* loans en
I- :.i BiCrtgaee*. interests in t^tates. etc.
NEW 2-»-tor> houce*; 7 rot>ms: Noe tr.d H!!l
ft«.. Tt'-** Ca»tr»-st. cars; cheap.
Vy-U'<T IZxXO; ea»t line 10th aye.. $73 s?uth
H n. F. EART.ET.
A WEEK*« Dews !r T S cent«-Tr.« Weekly Call.
3f r»gi-<. In wdittt. fcr Tns!l'.nc. ?1 per year.
DUAL CSTATE — COUXTRY — For Sale
I A'« lmrr.f-nne l!kt for sale and exchargt.
1 »< r.- ; . nicely Isiprowdi Inowne fruit and
I -ii :tr*- -ranch: odWriinr fiun-«l.- Alameda Coun-
ty; tT3W
I 2' 1 arrr» le^-cl a:.d MJitly railing loam; com-
plete m>t bulldlr.gs; < airr«-s orchard, etc.; IIMO.
10 to iV> acres; frut>d!\ Isl^n »al» of be«t lo-
catel and richest, highly cultivated valley
1 :.m: rear Nar*: «>nl>' |Q acre; worth J1(V).
PICKELS. THE LAND AGENT. O6 Market st.
T'» r« nt— '*Ea»ton' Ranch. " M acres, near OaV-
14 fruit. Ml Drcadway.
IS ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
lard. Fcr particulars addrrts P. O. bjx 117.
VacuTtlla, •
A VTEEICB news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
:•. iat»s. ir. 'vrsr.'r. fcr mailing, tl p*>r year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A RRAKCH cfflee for Call advertisemests ar.d
- ftiisu lyOcßl has t-ern established at the
t.crth»»-*t corner cf Twenty-second and Ken
'. . Ky rtreets. Oj«n until 9 p. ra.
liT'MI. JTlt— 2 runny, front rooms for lieht I
h -jwkeej;r.g: adults only. I
I
< I. AY. U2L near Flllmore— 2 large ur.furnlibtd I
ui;er rooms; yard; water: rear- rent 17.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branrh oTflce. ZZQO Fillmore st.
CDDY, <m — Two runny, nicely furnished rooms
- :r;'irie for hour eker-ping.
KI'aHTH. 348. near Mtrttet— One or twu sunny
fr nt r"mi, with regular kitchen. furnUhed
f r h um keeping; bath; private family.
I!«.\YAKI>. :'H-Xl'*ly furnUh«-d front rooms;
first flror: also hf>us»keej.ir.g rocms.
2 If 'WARD. ItO- Sunny furnished housekeeping
r ms : rent reasonable. I
HOWARD. IC4— Sunny well furnished house-
keeping rooms; eood location.
jn?PIE. <rj— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
!:.».■; a!Ko fln«> rr«'nis; reasonable.
I.AI'.KIN. 52% — C*lenn>unny housekeeping apart-
ments; |]C to Ko per month: central.
MISSION. Ul>— N"wly furnished roum; house-
keeping and others.
BTOCiTTOJci nr. California— Floors of 2 un-
rurr.ifhed and 2 large furn. rooms; garden.
TEUAUA, 47*. near Fixth— ll2; 2 nice rooms,
complete for boufekerplnjr.
THIRD. 3t2 — Runny housekeeping rooms; com- 1
piet*; front, first- flour; l»th: ras.
A— TWo larr" rooms, kitchen and bedroom, com-
I>te for hcustkeeplng; tl 71 per week, ti per
rtnnth. Applr at shocstore, £X 2 Mission st..
t*t. Flm and fieeend. !
VAN NK>S kvi., 4'^— Nicely furnished room
with cr withaut board: reasonable.
ri Vt.fino T') loan on diarncnds.watchea silver, seal-
rk'.ns, plants, funs. Uncle Harris. II Gram ay.
A BRANCH cffW for Call advertisements and
sutsc-'- •• ■ v has • '• r. efUbllshed at 10M Va- ,
'T.'-a t-t :
— — — —_———_ _
ROOMS TO II rr — I urn. and Infiri
a-urunpwh ;c novfi:. iTT" eixth^nooms
SCc to tl j*r n'.tht; tl 23 to ti per week, and
light hounftteerinir; open all night. j
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike ho<-»e; modern »ervlce; elevator;
fcn'h: rorrr-s to tl 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
A -"HP WOHTI i"- •*-•!« an: r»*p»-cta».le: tl 25 to
m W per *»*lc_: housekeeping. ic37V» Market st.
A-"WALDOR}-." 3u» P'.weil- Front suites and
rta«M roOBMI. Ttth cr without board.
Iit'RNKTT\ ICM MarkeT'roid No."~13M)-rur-
ttished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1JO« Market, rcr. Golden Gate
m.-funny ccmer; »>|| furn; mi. it ofnres.
CLASSIFIED ailvmlsgaeau and aubsutptloitt
ri-ceivd at C«.l branch » 'n»e. rroo Fillmcre st.
FELL. l^-Bur.ay s^igl*. I«;T double, tS and
tiv; n«:<v furniture; running water.
■*OUftTH TSM-l Ice tunny roons. single and
en Kuite; reasonable; good It^aUon.
FRAXKI4K. 21 «New;>"ri>-Nice mnny bay-
» mdow roon> for I young rcea; «i, Q r.-vjsekpr I
ITLTON. 2T2-J pleassnt rur.ny front rooms
i • -.n! f.t ; > r m> rih. u«« >,'. \ ..rlcr: e*n:\r «. a "
GHAnY. TZA— Runny suite of rooms; pnvlleze
light housekeeping; other rooms; buthi-
I hone. '
• ;iLLi:SJ'IE. ll» Ninth- We:|.furr.«fcheJ rooms-
1 ptmc. II 'A week; i pers .. tl 7«; r<-spet.tafaie.
GOLT>TZN GATE aye., lits-t unfurnished
I ■:,.-. :.n:.\. . .-.i ': , . (11.
«7FTnD HOUTHERN- Southeast cor. •tub
«r.d Ml»sicn rt*— Sunny r . in*, en sjlu ir
*lngle; ladle* 1 pail^r; reading room; eU-vatcr.
or A NT. aye.. S>-Nlce runny, well furnished
I rooms; reasonable; transient.
IIAKOOCK House Til Mission— Select family
r< ra.lr.r house; tl £C' to tC per week.
Jt:?Sin, S<Z— Large front room; also other
rooms; all runny.
ROOMS TO I.F.T — Knrn. and lofarn.
MARKET. I!2S— Two large furnished rooms:
_Jtltchen and bedroom.
MASON. 21I»j— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable: quiet and homelike.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
r.lyhed; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. *2»— Clean, respectable. 2Sc to 11 per
night; from $1 per week to U\ : ward-lit car
to the dr-or. • , ,
JONEsi 415— Front sunny newly furnished
suite. Oil; also other rooms. .12 ar.d *15; gas
and bath.
MCALLISTER. ~ i-l nice rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
i'INNA. 6C7. corner Klghtn— Newly furnished
window room, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. 112SV-L*nte front room for bouse-
keeptng; $; per week.
NKW Arlington. 101S Mark-U— Nicely furnished;
SSc clay up; jj week \ix>: transient.
O'FAHKELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and •
efflces; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. j
O'FARRELL. 32?— Well-furnished front rooms;
large; suitable doctor Or der.tlst; run. water.
O'FARREI.L, 1057— Front and back parlors;
front parlor handsomely furnished: back rar-
lor iartly fum.; will furn. to suit; other rrr.s.
POWELL, 817. bet. Geary and Post— Nicely
furnished rocms; gentlemen only.
ROSEDALK. S2l Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
jrc a night; II a week; transient.
ROTAL House. 12S Ellis St.— lncandescent
lljrht. reading-room, tmoking-roam and ladles*
parlor: rooms, per nlcht. Ssc to tl 50: week. t2
♦ ' t* . month $> to t3f; elevator on office floor:
rocms with hot. cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. IS2 (Glrard House)— 2 handsome
sunny ccrner rooms as offices.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2$ Eighth St..
r.ear Market— FurnUhed and unfurnished.
SEVENTH. 2Cl— Nicely furnished room suitable
for lady: private family; $5.
STEINER, 311. near Haleht— Pleasant room; ■
cheap. i
ST< 'RE ami 2 rooms attached cheap; furnished
cr unfurnished. 1119 Mission st.
BUTTER; JOS— Offie* of late Dr. . srtsoa; also
cthrr »unny. handsome rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house 1
for rood pFCpla. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH offtVe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the !
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bt-en established at 10M Va-
Imrlu st.
SIEVING MACIIIXUS AXD .SUPPLIES.
t2 MONTHLT. rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14S Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold. exchanged, rented; re-
ralrlne at lowest rates. y5 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for |
Ladle*." In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlcbester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
R<~>OMS papered from tl; whitened, tl up:
painting done. Rartman Paint Co., 3i9 Third.
MASSAGE vapcr. electric baths. PROF. W.
RIEDL. 106 Eddy. form, at Highland Springs.
BAD tenants ejected for Jt: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION rO..
4-- Montgomery »t.. rcv.ros s-io; tel. sjm.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: teL Clay 26.
PIERCE»RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
O'flce.^i P.ist st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main T713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES c'.ear.ed 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Rt y Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large ■
grounds: private. MRS. DR FTXKE. 14l« Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS I
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
2 ELEGANT V-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Just completed; porcelain
bath: finished in natural wood; all modern
convenience*.; sunny fn.;uage; terms tf de-
•lred. M. L. WURTS, 17th & B'way. Oaklsnd.
CO/JY ccttngrs with modern improvements; In
etallments same ht- rent, from tS ;-0 upward.
BENNETT. 113* Stanford pi.. Berkeley sta'n.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
f77T>— MUST be sold: a 4-room cottage, with
tiasemer.t; good yard; healthy location; con-
venlcnt to car*; rented fur J7 per racnlh. Ad-
Urt-iv» bos 1011, Cull offlce. Oakland, . Cal.
{JOOO-I HAVE for sale ;o lots v 126 as a whole: '
this property is worth $30(W: the owner Is In
absolute distress for the want of Immediate
funds and is sacrificing this property that '
the may make an immediate sale; the lots
rcrcmand a magnificent view; within 40 min-
utes «.f the city; has 2 railroad stations within
3 minutes' walk: running water, etc.; call and
get full particulars. J. W. layman. c «•.
Market st.. 8. F.. 4«M€2 Eighth ft.. Oakland.
A-tl* CASH. $6 monthly till paid; chicken run:
Ka2."4 ftet; price. aJI toid. HHO; level land:
sandy loam. 3 to 7 feet deep; no adobe; plenty
of ct^d water; *lte and climate superb: no
cold winds it fogs here; build your me or
wa will build for you; stop paying rrrtt: near
electric cars and M-foot-wlde boulevard: not
far from a fin* sohr>ol: \Ve*tall tract, adjoin-
ing Hast Oakland: call or send for circulars.
4.*J Seventh St., near ror. Rroadw.iy. Oakland;
carriage fre«. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
4 ELEGANT houses In crwiri«e of construction
»n nd St.. bet. Grove and West. 2 completed;
all modern Improvements; street work, side-
walks done: *mall payment down: balance
monthly if desired: houses open f>>r Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. CIS 2Cth st.
TO lease— M acres near Oakland on terms; 14
fruit, buildings, hprlngf, etc. BALSBURY.
*>3 Rroadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United Ftates or Canada one rear for 11,
r>' stage paid.
OAKI.AMI KlHMTllli: FOR SALE.
AN lntrodjctlc-n to you from H. Shellbaas the
*-:•■■ de«Jer. 11th ar.d Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County i
of San Francisco, State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Ileet Sugar Company a |
corporation, upon its application for a Judg- 1
ment of dissolution. — Notice No. 70 4"2
Notice Is hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ranized and exlMlng under and by virtue of 1
the laws of the, State of California, and hav-
ing Its office an place of buslne^g in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of Pan FrancNeo. State of California
■which application Is higned by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a judg-
ment of dissolution nf said corporation, and
that Friday. December 12. IK<!>, at 10 o'clock
a m., at the courtroom of said cjurt De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of ;
the City ard County of San Francisco, -have
be«-n appointed as the day. time and place for
the hearing of eald application. .
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and afflxf-d the official «w.i| of fa id Su-
peiior Court, this 2'th day of November. ISM
[Seal) Y\ M A. DEANE. Clerk. >
liy JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 2u. ISM. WM
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH KIORDAN'
Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies. 3< New
Montgomery »t.. San Francisco. Cal.. No-
vember 18. 188»— Sealed proposals In tripli- :
cate will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. November 20. ISS», and then opened,
for furnishing hatchets, shovels, ax. pickax,
and hatchet helves, mosquito head nets aMid
tent pins. Preference will be given to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manufac-
ture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) and §uch prefer-
ence given to articles of American produo- I
tion and manufacture produced on the Paclilc
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public there. The '
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals cr any part there-
of. Prot»).«als for delivery at other pointu will
be entertained. Information and blank pro-
!■■■:»!•. furnished en application. Envelopes
will. i*> Indorsed "Prop<>sa!s for Military Sup-
pile*. No. 7432." and addressed TAIN i
OSCAR P. LONO. Assistant Quartermaster.
United States Army. Depot Quartermaster. j
IHE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John Starlcha.and Mary Brunskole 27-1S
Joseph W. Law and Lillian Kearns 31-22
11. E. Fazackerly and Marie L. Kugelberg.. 2s-19
Patrick W. Curry and Cecelia Flannery — 23-26
F. Luttrlnger and Sophie M. Farrenskopf.. 24-13
Herman T. Payne and Adeline Penberthy.. .27-24
Bernhard Heelln and Annie Wlnkler 26-24
P. H. Anderson and Frldeburg Brhd(aon....lS-S7
W. D. Wilson and Nellie St. C'.alr Hall 32-23
George H.MeNulty and Rose Stanley 33-J2
Marion P. Danly and Lena P. Atkins 24-21
John R. Perkins and Gertrude B. Wurt5. ...45-31
" BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net b<» inserted. They must be har.dod
In at either of fa? publication offices and be
Indorsed with ... name and reside) of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BBRKMSO!f-«Ja this city. November 19. IS9*.
to the wife of Julius Herenson. a son.
OSWALD— In th'.s city. November 19. 1599. to
the wife of Henry Oswald, a B3n.
MARRIED.
BARON— BARON— In this city. November 1«,
lS'-9. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Louis Baron
ar.d Florence Uaron.
DP.ENNAN-HOGAN— In this city. November
7. i*. j, : at St. Rose's Church, ... the Rev.-
t Father D. Nugent, Joseph F. Drennan and
Kitty H Ki.r.. both of San Francisco.
: SANDERS In this city. November 19.
U??. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto. Henry N.
Edlin and Annie E. Sanders.
STADT 8180 In this city. November 19.
l.<*. by the Kov. Dr. J. Nleto. Charles Neu-
stadt and Flora Bibo.
NOLL— CHAPMAN— In this city. November IS,
ISS*. by the Rev. Jt hi, a. B. Wilson. D.D..
John Noll of the Pweldlo and Mrs. Bertha
Charman of San Francisco.
P.OBKRTSON— BERRYESSA— In this city. No-
vember IS. ISW». by the Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Walter S. Rolxrt.«>.n and ' : .lie F. Berryessa,
both of Sr.n Francisco.
SIMON— FUTTER— In this city. November 12.
lb??, by the U«»v. Dr. .1 Nieto. Jacob Simon 1
ar.J Sadie Futter of Sutler Creek.
DIED.
Behlow, Charles J. Jlathews, Mary A.
Berenson (infant) O'Brien. Daniel
Brown. John F. Ohman. John
Cordlviola. Louisa Robertson. J. W. Jr.
Davis. Abraham Robertson. Frederick
Devlin. Mar)- Bauer, George H.
Fennell, Martin Sch.iber. Sophie
Fvrreira. Carolina B. Straus. Bd< <: J.
Hencken. Julius A. Taurick. Edwin J.
Horgan. Patrick B. Wallls. Maria
Hyde. Hannah Waters. Margaret
Jenson. Ai;netha EL White. John B.
Ixf. Eilza A. Wlesenhan. Christian I
Luther, George E.
BEHLOW-In this city. November 19. 1899,
Charles J., huM>and of Bertha A. Behlow, a 1
native of Brandenburg, Germany, aged lit .
years and S days.
E7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, at his
late residence, Ih»7 Octavla st. Interment pri-
vate.
BERENSON— In this city, November 19, ISO 9.
Infant son of Julius Berei
BROWN— In this city. November 19. 1899. John
Florance. l.::-{ .m 1 of the late M. H. Joseph-
ine Brown, father of Albert. Edith. John. Ad-
elaide and Josephine Brown, a native of Buf- '
falo. N. V . seed 64 years 10 months and 2 '
days.
C^Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 241S CaJifornla street. Inter-
ment private.
CORDIVIOLA-In this city. November 19. 1899.
Louisa Cordlviola, beloved daughter of Juana
B. IVralta, Fisti'r of Mrs. «\ Perez and Au-
gustlno Cordlviola. and sister-in-law of Pedro ;
IVrez. a native of Mexico, aged 28 years.
Cl7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day •
• Tuesday at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISI7 Mason street. Interment Laurei ,
Hill Cemetery.
DAVIS— In Dutch Flat. November 19. 1539,
Abraham, beloved hu;-r-and of Henrietta Da-
vl^, a native of W«-sihofen, Germany, aged
67 years and 5 months.
CTTriends and anjuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funernl this day
<Tuesday>. at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma- j
funlr Temple. 266S Mission street. Interment ]
Home of Pence Cemetery by 3:40 o'clock train
from :y-fiflh and Valencia streets sta- j
tion.
DEVLIN- In this city. November — , 1S?5». Mary '
Devlin, mother of the late Thomas Devlin, j
Mrs. William Quin and the late John <julu '
CJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). al l- ; 30 o'clock, from her late |
residv-nce. 3341 Twentieth Btreet, thence to St.
Charles Church, corner Eighteenth an 1 Shot-
well street*, at 1 o'cl^k. where prayers will
be offered for the rej>ose of her soul. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
FENNELL— In this city. November 19. I«S«».
Martin, dearly beloved husband of Anne Fen-
nell. beloved father of William P.. James S..
Martin M.. John R. and Ann!* Fennell. Mrs.
E. W. Fuller, Mrs. M. T. Z4eeler and Mm.
J. T. D:s;aux. a native of Birr. Kings County.
Ireiand. ag-d CS y.-ar* 2 month* and IS days.
[Honolulu and New York papers please copy.]
c t Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Tuesday), at 5:3<l o'clock, from his lttte resi-
dence. V-i Julian avenue, thence to St. Ignatius
Church. Hayes street. wh«*re a solemn requiem
mm will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at JO o'clock. Interment .
Holy Crr.Fs Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Vol-
nuteer Fin-men's Association will please as-
semble at their hall. 14 Fourth street, this
day (Tuesday*, at h:3O o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Martin Fennell.
By onl-r STEPHEN BUNKER. President.
J. McMAHON. Recording Secretary.
THE members of the Knlithts of St. Patrick j
are hereby notified to attend the fur.- of |
our late brother, Martin Fennell, from his <
late residence. :& Ju'.Un avenue, this day 1
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock.
RICHARD <7. O'CONNOR. President.
fAMES F. GTBRIEX. Secretary.
FERFtEIRA— In this city, November 20. IW.
Carolina 8.. drarly beloved wife of Justino
Ferrrlra, and mother of Joseph A. Ferrelra
Uld Mr*. MargHret Avllla, a native of l*ape '
Verde Islands, ag'-d 50 years 1 month and 2 ',
days
HENCKEN-In this city. November 19. ISM. j
Julius A., beloved husband of Sophie Henck- 1
en, beloved son of Mr*. Christine and the late I
Martin Hencken, brother of Miss Glna ,
llencken and Mrs. \V. C. Hark*, and son-ln- I
law of George nnd Margaret Bruns, a native.
of Pan Francisco, aged 33 years 3 months and ,
24 days. A member of Concordla Lodge No. ■
122. I. O. O. F.: RlTicon Parlor No. 72. N. S. 1
G. W.. and Mission Turn Vereln.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons' '
Hall. 414 Mason street, where services will be ;
h"ld under the auspices c\t Rlnr-on Parlor No. •
72. N. S. G. W. Interment I. O. O. F. Cerae- i
tery-
H<"»RGAN— At St. Vincent's Asylum, Fan Ra- I
fael. Patrick B. Il^rgan, known In religion
as Brother I^awrence. a native of Ll.«towel.
County Kerry, Ireland, aced C 3 years 10 '.
month! and 4 days.
£7 A rc-qulem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at St. Vincent's Church i
to-morrow 1 Wednesday), commencing at 9:30 >
o'clock. Interment at San Rafael.
HYPE— In Santa Rosa, November 19. ISM. Han- j
nah. beloved wife of Patrick Hyde, a. native
of Ireland, aged 62 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Rose's 1
Church. Kanta Rosa, where a solemn requiem I
- mass will be celebrated for the repose of her j
soul.
JENSEN— In this city. November 10, 1899,
Agnetha H., eldest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Henry M. and Anna Jensen, and sister
of tie A. Jensen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 10 months and 20 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 130 o'clock, from her j
• parents' residence, 340 Jersey street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. (foe and I
Castro. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. 1
LEE— In this city. November 19. ISS*. Eliza A., '
beloved wife of Abraham Lee. a native of '
Portsmouth. Va.. aged SO years 10 months and
18 days. (New Bedford. Mass.. papers please
copy.)
(DT Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of I
the California Undertaking Company. 405 !
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
Ceme ;
LfTHER-In this city. November 20. ItJS, i
George E.. beloved husband of Margaret* ;
Luther, a native of New Bedford. Mass., aged
51 years. . • • •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall. 1
Sixteenth and Valencia streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ma'tmkws- In this city. November 19. mt ;
Mary Ann. beloved wife of Lawrence '
Mnthews. mother of William. Ellen and Uvr. '
re'no* Mathews. and daughter of Mr- Mary '
McOowen. a native of Birkenhead. England
age,! M years.
C ri-" rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 112 1 - Welch street, thence to St Rnse'a
Church for services at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital :
November 20. 1999, Daniel O'Brien, a native of
Illinois, aced M years.
<>I'M\N It. this city. November IS. 1599 John
Ohman. a native of Finland, aged 40 years.
ROBERTSON— In Llvermore. November 19 ISM
John Wooster Robertson Jr.. son of John W*
and Mary W. Robertson, aged 1 year and 10
months.
ROnERTSON— In Livr-rmor*. November 19 189*
Frederick Alexander Robertson. Infant son of '
John W. and Mary W. Robertson, aged 1
month and 14 days.
BAUER— In this city. November 19 1*99 Geonre
H.. only child of •'■ '-■ F. and Lou Saver a !
i.t NKV J. GALLAGHER CO..
(.Successors to Flannagan & Oalli!Tri<!-i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEP.S
28 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln dcr'"*.
Telephone South SO.
native of San Francisco. a«ed 8 months and
17 days.
BCHOBER—In this city. November Is, ig93,
Sojihle. dearly beloved daughter of Ernest and
Augusta Schober. and sinter of Krederika,
Henry. Emma, Julia, Clara and Anna Scho-
ber, a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
S months and 14 days.
JCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Paul's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church. 1419
Howard street, between Tenth and Eleventh.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STRAUS—In Pasadena. November 20. 1593. Ed-
gar J. Straus, beloved brother of Mrs. Isidore
Jacobs. Mrs. Henry Jacob anil Mrs. Samuel
Blsslneer. a native ■■' San Francisco, aged
SO years and 21 days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RICK—la this city. November 20, 1999. Ed-
win .' . beloved son of John W. and Hannah
Tauriek. and frrandson of the late Patrick and
Ellen Desmond, .1 native of San Francisco.
iiK'-tl S years S months and M days.
WALLIS—In this city. November 20, ISM. Maria
Wallls. beloved mother of Mrs. M. H. raback
and T. H. Wallls. a native of Cornwall. Eng-
land, aired J? years 1 month and 27 days.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the Methodist Church at
Antloch. L'al.
WATERS—In this city. November 20. 1893. Mar-
paret Waters, beloved mother of Katie and
Mamie Waters, a native of County Oalway,
Ireland, a^-ed 39 years.
WHIT In Oakland. November 19. 1599. John
U. White, father of Mrs. Alice Shebley and
Mrs. Kate Southworth, a native of Pennsyl-
vania. aged 76 years.
Interment private. No flowers.
WIESENHAN—In this city, November 19. ISM.
Christian Wlesenhan. beloved husband of the
late Annie Wiesrnhan, and beloved father of
Charles, Gerdie and Henry Wlesenhan. a na-
tive of Oerl. Germany, aged 43 years.
ETTrknds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at - o'clock, "m the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REAJL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William R. Low to Jennie Palmer lot on W
line of Welter street, t2:4Va S of Clay. 8 50
by \V yO:6: $10. i; --: , _
Lena Ferrinl to James Dunleavy lot on E
line of Stelner street, 72 S of Haleht, S 21 by
Emma U. and C. C. ODonnell to George W.
O'Donm-11. lot on E line of Bourbon Dlace, 125
5 of Ellis street. E 90 by S 25; 510.
Edward K. and Elisabeth J. Lennon to
Charles H. liorenthal. lot on 9 line of McAllis
ter street. 25 E of Maker. X 23 by S \00; $10.
Robert T. and Mary M. McGinnes to George
F and Helen E. Shelton. lot on 8 line of Fred
erick street. > :- E of Clayton, E 25 by 8 10«;
JlO
Charles F and Emmellne Rehwald to Charles
E Hansen lot on W line of Tn-ni.int avenue,
210 8 of Frederick street. B 23 by W SO; |10.
Km- Antonlades to Michael Golvin. lot on
N line of Utah street, 133:3 W of Shrader. W
25 by N 137:6; $10.
William Coulter to William Ladd. lot on W
line (■ Church street, 114 S of Twentieth, S 57
by W US; n°.
Sadie M. Hellbron (nee M"Kearney> to Sarah
McKearney, lot on B line of Leavenworth
street. 115:6 S of Ellis. S 22 by E 52:6; also prop
erty outside of county; JlO.
I'aciflc Coast Company (corporation) to J. P.
Lloyd, lot on W corner of Fremont and Bran
nan streets. SW ITS by NW 5.'0; $10.
Moses J. and Julia Lycn (by a C. Blgelow
ami A. A. Smith, trustees) to John E. Fltzpat
rick. lot on (V lino of Fifteenth avenue. 229:3
N of Clement street. N luO. W 109:4. S 37 de-
Krev« 25 minutrs — 20.02. - 54.19. X 130; also
lot on N line of Clement street. 205 W of Flf
t.^tith avenue. N 2t4:3. W to a point. S 11 de-
Krees 45 minutes YV 21.1:2: E 1 11; $1745.
A. J. McKerrow to William Bryce. lot on E
line of Twelfth avenue, 300 B of X street, S 25
by E 12n . $10.
William McKeon to Ellen McKeon, lot on W
line of Fifteenth avenue, 175 B of R street, S
If toy v. 100. Mock 303. Haley Tract; srift.
Anastasla Setrifcht. wife of John, to John Pet
rlirht. undivided half of lot on BVt corner of
Howth Mreet and road to Ocean Bouse, W 2*4,
thenre s alonft W boundary In San Miguel City
to Geneva aver.v?. E to Howth street, N to
brclnnlrg. lots 1. 2 and 3. block 10. San Mlfruel
City; also lot on S line of Montana street. 100
E of Plymouth, E l»0 by 8 125. block T. Rail
road Homestead; al«>» lot on S 111 • of Minerva
Ftreet. 20i» X of Capital. E 2<«t by ■■ 125. lot 6.
Mock P. Railroad Homestead; also lot on NE
line of i.'lilna avenue, 75 NW of London ire- 1
NW 25 l>y NE 100, lot 4. block 1. Excelsior
Homestead: also lot en NW line of Arlington
em, t. 7.*. NE . f Miiteo, NE 50 by NW 100, lots
21 and 22. Henarie's subdivision of block 9.
Falrmount: 11.
Ulemma Hecht et al. to Maru* Hecht, undi
vided one fifth of lots 36 to 4«. block IS2. O'Neill
6 HaK-y Tract; alv> property outside of county
(quitclaim deed); $10.
Snnje to Abraham E. Heoht. undivided one
flfth of fame (.jultclaim deed): $10.
Same to L •:'.- Hecht Jr.. undivided one-fifth
of same (qtiitrlalm de»-d); $l.
Same to Jacob H. Hecht. undivided one-fifth
of same (quitrlaim dee.l); fin.
Emmet R. Oomerford to Mary S. Humphreys,
estate of Joseph M. Comerford No. 21.ti1; $10.
Alameda County.
Margaret Haherlan to John Haberlan. lots 6
to 12. block 24. Tract H. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley; gift
Oscar and Lena Roes to Equity Uuildlns; and
Loan Association, lot on BW corner of Irvlr.K
and Lowell streets. W 61. 1 100. B C2:3H. N
100:4H to betlnnlng. beinu lot M on map of
Plat 5 and portion IMat 6, I>ohr Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Fanny E., Harry H. and Christina Tlbblts.
Ada C and J. Douglas Hazen. Frances J. and
Archibald R. Tibblts to Annie Mac Smith (wife
of H. 1.-- B.). lot •>. block C, Hayes & Capmon
Tract. Alnni-.:.i, $1.
All.-c J. Lohman Mack et al. to Natalie If.
Kleenian. lot on SW corner of Lake and Madi
son streets. W 150 by S 120 Oakland; $12.0n0.
Eliza F. M and Albert P. Redding to H. B.
Reld*n and E. P. Cook, all interest In lot on
E line of Webster street. 256 N of Fourteenth.
N M : •••• B IM, (-inn the N5O feet of lot 13.
Lander and ("asserly Tracts. Oakland; $4<XiO.
Henry T. Cunningham to Gerald C. Cunning
bam, lot on SE corner of Euclid avenue and
Adams street. S i\ E 144.63. N 70.2), '" 141.91
to beginning, being lot 1 and a portion of lot
2. block 1, on map of wubdlvlnion No. 1 of
Adams Point proi«rty. Oakland; $10.
Robert and Mar)' Hanaea to Leo L. Nichols,
lot en N line of Joy street. 2<tf.So E of Telegraph
nr Humboldt avenue. E V> by N 100, belnjc lot*
11 and 12, M.>. k <;. r*nu»-dlvli>lnn of a portion
of Roberts & Wolfskin Trnct. Oakland; $10.
L«o L. and Estelle H. Nichols to irvin A.
Crowther. me, subject to a mortgage for $JOO.
Oakland: $1".
Mary Con« Mine (wife of Patrick) to Bridget
A. Rohan (wife of Thomas) lot 27, block 62,
Oakland: $SCO.
Ernest A. and ■Elizabeth D. Heron to Jullen
Mathleu. lot on NE line of Moss (formerly
Santa Clara) avenue. 411.44 BE of Oakland
avenue, SE 40 by '■:■•.-: SE 30 feet
of lot 17 and N\v 10 feet of lot IS. block I,
Linda Vlpta Terrace, Map 2. Oekland; $10
M. ■' and Amy W. Hamlin to Llllle J. Ham
lln. lot 13. block «. Barker Tract. Berkeley; $10.
George D. Metcalf to Puget Sound Lumber
Company (a corporation), lot on NE corner of
T'niverslty avenue and Sherman street, E 45
by N 110, belnj; lot (J. Twltchell Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Andrew Jones to Antrelo I>elmonte, lot 14,
block K. Andrew Jones Subdivision of Brook
lyn Township. Brooklyn Township: $10.
'A. I. and Mary Newhenr to Felix Mareuse.
lot on S line of Essie avenue, inn W of Chapin
street, W r,n by S 150, being lots 23 and 24.
block ">, Chapln Trnct, Alameda; $20.
Jennie C. Williams to Rudolph W. Mencke.
lot on W line of Brush street, 45 S of Lydla, N
3:4. W 100, S 3:4, E 100 to beginning. Oakland;
$10.
Robert Williams to same, lot on W line of
Brush street, H:10 B of Lydla. N 10:10, W 100.
fi 10:10. E l"0 to beginning, Oakland; $10.
Joslah C. William to same, lot on W line of
Brush street. H v B of Lydla, N 10:10. W 100, S
10:10, E 100 to beginning. Oakland; $10.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to E. R. Tutt
lot 45. block F, Linda Vista Terrace. Map I
Oakland; $10.
Henry and Delilah E. Maloon (by J. B. Lank
tree, commissioner) to Union Savings Bank, lot
on N line of Eighteenth street. 300 W of West.
TV 40 by N 100. Oakland: $1344.
George D. Metcalf to P. E. Bowles, lot on N
line of West Eighteenth street. 100 W of Mar
ket. w 65 by N 100. E 20. N 10. E 35. 8 no to
beginning. Oakland: $10»0.
Chrlstlonna and F. Hostetter to A. C. Henry
and M. E. Ward, lot on NW line of Thirteenth
avenue. 62:8 PW of East Fourteenth street, BW
a by NW 7J. East Oakland: $3000.
Julius J. Zabel to Alexander J. Zabel. lot on
8 line of Walton or Thirty-fifth street. 116 W
of West street. W 100 by B 120:3. being lot 15
and portion of lots 14. 16 and 17. block L. Map
of lands of Central Land Company, formerly
the Brown Tract. Oakland: 110.
Alexander J. Zabel to Julius Zabel, same
Oakland; $10.
Lydla Ska and Bernardlna Ska, lot on W line
of Center street. 359:1i4 X of Middle. N 40. W
lS3:im, B 40. 1: 134:3 to beginning, being p..
tion of lot 27, on Map of property of Charles
Ska. surveyed August. 1P73, Oakland: $10.
A. C. Henry to M E. Ward. same. East
Oakland, quitclaim deed: $1500.
Mary J. Moss (nee Bridge) to H. C. Brlrirs
lot on TV line of Kennedy street. 10 S of Fred
erick. E 25 by W 125. being lot 3. block B. Cam
den Twenty-thlrd-avenue Tract, East Oakland:
rift
John F. and Maria P. Dlngwell to Granvllle
Pullen, lot on V. corner of Monroe street and
Twenty-third avenue. BE ISO 12. N 00.10 to SW
line of E Sixteenth street. NW 178.R8, SW 43 70
to beginning, being portion of Cannon Tract
and portion of lot 1. Draper Tract. Ea«t Oak
land: $10.
Emellne C. Brock way to P. E. Bowles, lots 84
to G7. Coggeshall Tract. E of San Pablo avenue
Oakland Township: $2000.
William and Martha M. Hampton to Mary T
Wilson, lot on E line of Grant street, 100 N of
Bancroft way. N M by E 130. being lot 15, block
11, MeOre Tract. Berkeley; tin
Thomas P. Munday and Walter Towne (exec
utors estate of Smith D. Towne) to Frank N
Dodd. all Interest In lot on P line of Antonio
avenue 800 W of Walnut street, W SO hr s 150
txalng lot 16. In B 4 of block L. lands adjacent
to Enelnal. Alameda: $1000. •
Morltz Newberger to same, all Interest In
same. Alame.la: $10.
Frank N. I' -Id to P. Ingram, all Interest In
sane. Alameda; $10.
H. C Morris to Jessie H. McLeod, lots 11 and
I*. block 28. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township
sll. .'
Virginia I and O. J. Willis to E. J. Overend
lot on s line of Brockhurst street, 155:9 "W of
West. \v 25 by P 100. being portion of lot *•
College View Tract. Oakland; $10.
Joseph and Juana 11. Nevis to Manuel and
Antonio Medelm, lot C 2, Nevis Tract, Town of
Fleasanton. Murray Townshlo: SlO.
LABOR BENEFITED
BY ORGANIZATION
Gompers on the Results
of Unionism.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— Samuel Oom
pers, president of the American Federa
tion of Labor, was the only witness be
fore tho Industrial Committee to-day.
Speaking of the union label, Mr. Uom
pers said there were thirty-seven differ
ent organizations now using the label, and
it was growing in popularity very rap
idly. He defended the boycott as a legal
and proper weapon for the worklngraan,
holding that what they had a right as In
dividuals to do they were justified in
uniting with others to do.
In reply to a question. Mr. Gompers said
organized labor viewed tru.-ts simply pjs
their employers. There had Leen rases in
which the organizations benefited by com
binations of capital. It was too early to
decide whether men would be more stead
ily employed by the trusts than by oiher
employers. H»» said these combinations
had more Influence In «=e.Mirlng legislation
than had unorganized capital. Re took a
position against co-operative themes.
Hayinp that experience had proved that
laborers secured no greater advantage
under them than undf r the wage system.
11^ had no fear for the future of organized
The condition of labor to-day was
better than ever before, and he attri
th*- Improvement to the influence of or
ganized iabor.
Mr. Gompers favored an amendment to
thf constitution fixing a maximum of
hours per day for lal E king of tho
t efff-pt of advanced labor legislation In llf
i ferent States, he said there would be no
backward Fti ;>.
REFORMED FREETHINKER
TALKS OF SECULARISM
ISAAC SELBY DELIVERS AN
INTERESTING LECTURE.
Demonstrates the Fallacies of Athe-
istic Arguments to the First
Chrietian Church Con
gregation.
Isaac Selby of Melbourne; Australia, de
livered an eloquent and Instructive lec
ture on "From Atheism to Christianity
and What I Learned On the Way" at the
First Christian Church, Twelfth street,
between Mission and Howard, last night.
For ten years Mr. Selby was prominently
connected with the Free Thought move
ment in the Australian colonies, and is
thoroughly familiar with the weak points
In the arguments presented in support of
what is termed secularism. He Is a fluent
speaker and his exposition of the falla
cli of the atheists and the truths of the
Christian religion was presented with con
vincing force.
"I do not say that Secularism is wrong
and Christianity Is right simply because
I have renounced the one for the other."
he said. "If I turned Mohammedan to
morrow, it would be no argument against
Christianity, unless I were able to prove
that Mohammedanism was better than
Christianity. So it Is not alone necessary
for me to tell merely the story of my
conversion, but it Is also incumbent upon
me to furnish my readers with cogent
reasons for embracing Christianity."
The speaker declared that secularism
was an ignominious failure as an organ
ized movement the world over, reciting
the collapse of the Australian societies
an an Illustration. 11. also named many
great skeptics and atheists who have in
the past become ea-nest Christians after
spending years of t .eir lives deriding the
teachings of Christ. Among these he
named Benjamin Franklin. Chateau
briand, Lord Littlefleld and Gilbert West.
"The late Robert G. lnger.-*oll. said Mr.
Selby. "defined secularism as 'one world
at a time nnd try and make the most of
It.' " Christianity, by teaching the immor
tality of the soul, leads men to make sac
rifices here for the benefit of their fel
lows. Take. by way of illustration, the
case of Father Damien, who went in
a mission to the lepers Of the Sandwich
Islands. He knew full well that he would
sooner or later fall a victim to the dread
disease, and knowing that his reward was
beyond the grave, went forward with his
work until dlsoase and death claimed him.
Had he believed in one world .it a time
he would naturally have sought for
worldly advancement and left the lepers
to look out for themselves You never
heard of a free thinker making any sac
riilco for the betterment of his fellows.
Secularism Is a purely selfish creed, while
Christianity has been proven to be « re
ligion that tends to the uplifting of the
entire human race."
Mr. Belby will lecture at the First
Christian Church to-night, to-morrow
night and Friday night. His subject to
night will be, "Is the Bible God's Truth,
Written by an Inspired Hand?"
MINIATURE ERUPTION
ON THIRD STREET
Gas and Electricity Combined Creates
a Small Volcano. Which Causes
a Sensation.
Theater-Romp people and others who
were on Third street last nljsht nt 11
o'clock w<-- . to a miniature erup
tion In the center of the street. Borne
workmen belonging to the Market Street
Railroad Company vr.-re engaged in brac
ing up the car track where It had punk
over a brok< n s. wet*. In ttye perform
ance of this w.^rk the gas main which
runs parallel with the eastern track was
punctured in sunn- manner, when th* rs
caplng uas cam.- in contact with th
tri<- current as produced by the trolley
cars in passing alongsidt too as
this communication was made there was
a Hash and a small s:z- i \ oil UO Cl
T)i«* lab. r< -r.« undertook to quencfa the
blaze by shoveling wet sand Into the gap-
Ing rhasm, but the check was only of a
temporary nature, however, as the fire
still kept burning under the sand, with
the result that It burst out with renewed
force, sending a phower of sand high Into
the air. The eruption, though 'small, had
the effect of scattering the crowd that
had congregated about the acene.
A telephone message was sent to the
gas company's office, which brought Its
employes to the place, and an soon as It
was possible to do so the main was shut
off and the fire extinguished.
Western Addition Club.
At a meeting of the Western Addition
Improvement Club last night the resolu
tion adopted by the Mission Federation
of Improvement Clubs at Its meeting last
Saturday evening was adopted. In con
formity with the objects of the same a
committee of twenty wa* appointed as
follows to. co-operate with Mayor Phelan,
Board of Education and all the Improve
ment clubs as campnlßn committee to see
that citizens are brought out to vote for
the health, beauty and improvement of
our Greater San Francisco: C. V. Cross,
F. H. Gould. M. C. Hossett. M. Cooney.
I). M. Hirschler. J. H. Knight. V. Dur
brow, Professor Morton, E. L. Prescott,
T. C. Selfrldge, A. Sbarboro, J. H. Speck.
L. T. Samuels, J. A. Ulrich, A. J. Vlninf,
F. C. Bertz. Professor Haven. Mr. Brandt,
N. C.' Greensfelder and J. Henderson. A
committee of all clubs will meet at the
City Hall.
MEMORIAL LODGES SOLDIEB.
Tendered a Reception and a. Banquet
by His Fellow Workmen.
Memorial lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen was last evening the
h4st at a pleasant reception tendered to
Its soldier member, C. A. Harlocher. who
returned, from the Philippines with the
First Tennessee. Previous to the recep
tion there was the nomination of officers
for the ensuing term and the lodge com
plimented the returned . volunteer by se
lecting him for the third position In the
lodge— that of overseer. After the close
of business there was an, adjournment to
a restaurant, where there was a banquet,
partaken of by the gu*Bt, members of the
lodge, members of Magnolia Lodge, a
number of the board of local deputies.
Grand Medical Examiner Mayan, Grand
Receiver Booth. Assistant Grand Record
er Camp and several specially invited
cuests. Herman Schaffner, recorder of
Magnolia, acted as chairman of the ev>n
ing, and after the report delivered an ad
dress of welcome home to the !»>>Mier. -in »
then followed soags by <iu.s I'ohlman and
Sam Booth, reiitation by Walter Malloy
and short ;. by I'r1 'r M
Joy, J. 1 1. Camp and <>i).-
The guest of the evening was presented
a souvenir bt.dge and he mad.> a few PS
marks. declaring that he was a better
fighter than sp< ak. r.
UNITARIAN CLUB ON
EDUCATIONAL IDEAS
President Starr Jordan Inveighs
Against the Alleged Necessity
for Rich Professors.
The members of the Unitarian Club of
California and a few Invited guests as
sembled at the rooms of the Merchants*
Club, 222 Sansome street, last night. After
a sumptuous spread had been partaken of
President Sheldon G. Kelloss. chairman
of the evening, announced that the coun
cil had selected as the subject for the
meeting "Educational Progress." and in
troduced David Starr Jordan, president of
the Leland Stanford Jr. University of
California, as the first speaker. Profes
sor Jordan spoke of the rapid growth and
progress of the colleges of America and
declared that the growth had come to
stay and that the end of progression had
not yet been reached.
"There has been a change," said the
professor, "since the time when the col
lege professor was dignified and 'well
dressed' and seldom seen by the student
and the present day of our colleges. What
I considered my best reform is that of
bringing the student and the professor In
closer relation, and where the student has
a leaning toward any study in which he
is likely to be competent keeping him In
close contact with that study and with
the professor of that particular course. .
"The old idea that no one can be a col
lege professor unless ho be wealthy must
be done away with, for when that is true
the energy and the force of colleges is
lost and progress is at an end.
"The colleges should not be filled with
rich men who have poor students . as
coaches, paying their way. to use them a*
servants and diminishing their self-re
sped
"Lectures* phould be given only when
they are worth giving, and good money
should not be wast- in costly books that
are never read or never worth reading.
"In the future we can do away with our
rich professors and teachers and supplant
them with those whose positions depend
entirely on merit."
Dr. Frederic liurk, principal of the San
Francisco Normal School, spoke at length
on "New View Points of Education." and
wan followed by Professor Ellwuod P.
Cubberly, head of the educational depart
ment at Stanford University, upon "Prog
ress in Industrial Education."
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills of Oakland
spoke upon "The Ideal an.i Education."
Key. Horatio Stebblns. the la*t speaker
of the evening, claimed that he was the
first of his colleagues who combined ath
letics and education, as In his early years
he had been a schoolmaster where it re
quired muscle to decide whether the mas
ter or the students would stay in the
school.
Cuddy Arraigned in Court.
James Cuddy, bartender in Charles
Johnson's saloon. ai.'i Howard street, was
arraigned In Judge Megan's court yester
day on a charge of assault to murder, and
by consent the case was continued till
to-morrow. George Lewis, the "dope
fiend" who attempted to murder Cudtly
and was seriously wounded himself, was
unable to be brought from the Receiving
Hospital, and the rase against him of as
sault to murder was continued.
Elf,' 1 - sections at the Paris Universal
Exhibition of i;««' will be devoted to "the
history of the religions of the world, with
the beliefs of all the known races of men,
past and present."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A I. Hammond, BostOOIA M Daly. ChlcagD
J Hedges. Portland iMrs E Kennedy. Cal
J H Seeley. Buffalo I A W Itowman. Oakdale
<■ Hurst. Buffalo J Martlne & w. N V
j i. Johnson, Vaiiejo IJ Smith, Boston
J Graven. Mt View I A Zerbtn, Alabama
R L House &w. Cal T H Curtis. Sonora
A L Hall. Seattle I Miss Hewitt. «:hlcago
J L I>-vison, Sn Jose G T Brown, Seattle
II W Ross. lowa jK Ewlng * w, Modesto
C Carlson, New York I
PALACE HOTEL.
H B Wood, Ban Jose |B Jones. Oregon
T KJelsberg. Cp Nome J Handley. Colorado
'i H Bodreau, Modesto ! Ml*. 8 Miller. Ky
U Malone, U B A IDT Matlock. Ky
B Thomas. New York |W odrow * w, Cal
J C Adams, Bntte II Charplot, Denver
H Vllltor Chicago ; H Nlttelson. Ls Ans;
M A Davis. St Lnul- ' Mrs J A Hardin, Cal
C P Williams. D C i Miss E Hartlln, Cal
Wp. Hi ox DC |C L Thomas, R 1
8 Hughes. Chicago ' I P Jenkins. Stanford
Mrs N Blackston»». Cal J Francis. Omaha
Mrs C Campbell. Osrten R II Robertson. N T
It M Rascoe & w. N V I! W Blake. Chicago
Ii I. Little. Ball Lake jj R Hord A w. Oregon
Mr* J V Cheney. 11l ■H A Mallock &w. Can
Miss II Cheney, 111 I
GRAND HOTEL.
F M Lee. Ren-. X F Johnson. Cal
W C Howard. Stockton J McCu.Men. Vallejo
F E Coykendall. Cal Mi«s M 1 Lien. Cal
A W Malt's. &f, Cal C E Undsay. st» Cruz
'.. H I. '!••.» !.■•.. Cal H J Harding'. Brooklyn i
E PlnkeUplel. £ulsun J A Ai*ley. Cal
T Treskow, Crockett T A Suit. Cotoaa
n V Tabor, Auburn X I Isham. Cal
T Nay lor, Berkeley A Raymer, Los Ana;
Lt Alexander. Term I A Halnes, Madison
J J Morey. Watronvllle m Hopkins, Boston
M II Aldln & w. Or A B Sanborn, Madera
C It Place. PhUa M Campbell Honolulu
B F Shepard Jr. «'■] E M Ware. Idaho
It P Oliver. Denver llr F McCann. Seattle :
S J Wren & • Cal i Mrs B D Ham. Napa (
J Pnundstone ft w. ral Mr- v M Conn. Seattle
W W Hoover ft vr. Cal B Rhine, Clayton '
Mrs Joss, Palo Alto A J Ross. Sacramento
P Davis. Cal \ T Bell, Seattle
W 11 Smith. Fresno Mrs L M Wiley. Seattle 1
E D Dudley, IHxon W L Avery, Yreka
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
ARRIVKD.
Mondar> November W.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwln*. 43 hours from New
port
Stmr Alcazar, Gunder-»on. S3 hours from San
Pedro.
SAILED.
Monday. November JO.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Trinidad.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Nor »-Schr
Vega, from Cape Nome.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov st flnisj A M
Baxter, from Seattle; stmr Pasadena, from Eu
reka; schr Lottie Carson, from Eureka; schr
Alice, from Eureka; stmr Alice Blanch* fm
Newport iS)
Sailed Nov 20— Btmr Alice Blanchard. for San
Francisco.
HUENEME— SaiIed Nor 20— Schr John F Mil
ler, for Grays Harbor.
Arrived Nov 20— Schr Laura Pike, from Eu
reka.
IVERSENS LANDING— SaiIed Nor 20-Bchr
Ocean Spray, for Ban Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NORFOLK— SaiIed Nov 18— Ship Ersklne M
Phelpe, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Palled Xov Ship Shenandoab.
for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Nov IJ— Bktn Wrestler,
from Guayaquil, to load for Victoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 13— Jap stmr
Hnnskonc Mam, hence Nov I.
Sailed Nov 17— stmr Ab*rs;eidle. for Ore
gon.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Nov Schr W S
Phelps. 1-en. c < let 26. .
EL TRIUMFO— SaiIed Hem B— Schr Sophia
Sutherland, for San Francisco. ■ •
GUAYMAS— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nov ll— fr ship
Marie, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 20-Stmr Aberlrel
die. for I'Ttland.
ANTWERP Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Frlesland
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov IS— 3tmr Rotter
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr California,
from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov Stmr Kaiser
WUhelm, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
Week Days— »:80 a. m. and 1:46 p m
Sundays— 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:1S p m
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return
fl 40.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
\\ l ~* !\?/ EA MTNT - Establish*!
B^r«Bi V?, 1341 34 fo , r »he treatment of Private
pleases, Lost Maiih<v,d. Debility or
*^XSMk ' 1 "r* h We " ln *°" bod r* nd mini; id
ii^ffl^P/jir^W •■•■••■••». Callorwrlf^
Dr. J. r. U18899T. Box l»»7.dan Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MM THICK* rA«-i**ic-conrA2»r.
Iriom mthtem.)
Trains lei»»«- »••«• hit ilno •• itrrlv* at
SAN ritAHCMCO;
(Main Lii.?, root 01 Uarfett Street)
MA — Fno* NoTZMBU 13. 1139 — *«»!»■
•7:' i.M B>n!eU. Suimn ami Sacramento.... *7il3r
•;n>i»» HarrsTiUo. nroti.l.i iii Woodland.
X: ». 'iv, V»CiTiUo»ni! KuirfT.... I:t3r
•7:«M»i Saints Kti: n-I>.t:«. Willowy
Be.l Bluff. Portland ... iriiT
' M.irtl!;cr..-«a'i I! i;:i; t:. VallrJ.v ".»;«,
C'alUiczAand Santa Hot* •Oiiap
•tttao* T!. OreTUiiaU-nlteu-Ostlea, Den-
r.- *—*-i • Ms* .... ••.■■»
1 •li:i»« San J< ,**. I.l»*ru...r#. btaektno.
lone, Haciamrutn. Plio-rrLle,
Jhtj«;:;-,nihi. i:~i i.;.i:r *lii-ir
•«:»©» 'Milton. o»kdabau<l . k <jccra # l;l5p
•UtOO* UafwarJs, Ni. .1 »:. 1 Way h:»t!>r.i. *l ti
•9tOO» A'.Uati: I I|mt-O|*m tod Km: ••Ml.!*
•»:•»•» lUrtlccz. Tn-j, la'.-.-.r.p. tStockton,
Mnc l.ulh-:.> >l«iiar
•»>••» Port Co*: 1. lenoo. ."I. it • anil I■ ■»
AiiEelr* •O»l3p
•IO:««»a Vallrjo. Martinez tml \V47HUtlous *C:lsp
•I !:«»«• lit|"-»M*. Nilm-i. IV. ij Sijlimi. *»:l»r
•I*:»«M HIHL l.t»rt:n. re. Htocktco. ficrh-
ra- lit \ Mrnlora, Uaoforil. Vlnlla,
r. rvi: • ••ti3*
fl:OOr Sacramento l:itei s-.-.,,,,. » »*-«»i»r
I *3:« Or lUjward*. :.il *«:.■! W»j h-.y.lni.*. *3tl3p
•I <io. Martinez, Han lUiiwmi. V*ll<Jo,
2l»|<i». iVln'..-i. Niuitia I.cm* ••».!»*
•lioor Ii nlci». V*<ait Sacramnnto.
Wii...11..-i.l. KuM.ts i Iliif,
MaryttUlo. Omtlilp •10:13*
•l>:tur Nile*. Han Jcwouidhtncktou '":iJr
•3:\xtr7ho Owl United— Tracy. Fresno.
11 i!>er<:VM. Haugus tcr tt%nt* I'ur-
K«a. L<-s Antrim •»:I3\
•3:3of> Stockton. Mircc-1. l'mi:o "iail3r
•»::»<»r I ■■,►« ■ llakerslivM, banU TUiliitia.
I.i • AogtWs. l» ::il. I. l:l l*oo,
New Orleans ami Ea»J •" • - 4
•3t3*p m»>,u Ym l:.iui«-.\i:i .!..• EiptM*
fcrlloiikTt an<l Knl 'Si-Mr
*otOOp !]a>nar'N. J\'l!m aotl Sail .X ■ . j '. . I > »
<os:;or Vafi»j.i M . 1 .-
■ •ittam- Oriental Msit-Osdcn ami Fart *«*—.
•7:Our Vil ••». I'll ' »t» Mm! W«» .-.v-
Uoua. . ;t;ur
•H:"i."ir «>r',.i ■> tn.l Cali! I :!i l.i| i> -•• •■■ie-
1 iM'riiti.. ,M«rj^ >!.«. 1 T « - ' > : > • <r .
1'.n11»i..1. r..rrt -..,...« »■■■» I «*% *«:1.'14
COkSt DITISIO.I Nik on U»»s»).
, (ftn'trHl-iT^vtMtr-.l >
•n:!3* MeTr»rk.«VTil»T»lllr.*<jii.i. .«• »'- Ur.n,
,1 liouMnrt tnk. .-KiitaCtiaai J Way
hUtiona »3i3or
t2il.lp Newark C«n'.enlll<>. Kan .1. :-. U ■ -r
Al:::a!r;., FrlU>n. l^'iiMer i'n-e^t.
Haiti* <•■»■ and I'ituciral V.aj
Htatloua flttiAn*
I 1 •1i1.>::..» M > m .i,.v.j ,i; 1 :, ; , ll:ae4
■ (11:15; Hunter*' rx--:rs; n tutu J<»~ and
WayMUtfcjaa t?»»«»P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
■jSBIiI FKl^Cl .«..'— f a; tf ltxrktt iL'ttl (Sl;j 81—
•7:18 000 lt'wt.a. |W3 *::3 |]:3|
•«:C3 •::. m %MrM.
rrt*UIIMHD-rMI i'3r». *•>%—•> <o 00 1000*. «|
■ 11233 *l:Zl 13.53 ;3:C3; 3:C3 li;C3 *:j3r.«:
COAST 111 V|V|o (llroaiinansr).
' i (TTilnl ami Torrmw ml )iU)
*OilO\ Ocran View. H<x;th M*n Krincivn.. «ti:UOr
*7iOW4 Han .!.■-« k>«\ Uoy .-'.... i ,■■> {Htw
, Ali»*.K-n Wf.h .»«.l.ij »' ■: \; ) . •!.»«»»
, •*!•<>• Saii .!■«.. lira In ■■>, KnuL* ('fits.
Varll\e (<ii>ie. I'ano I: ';. • .'ju
l.nla OliUt><>, .i-iil, :.V< au«l
TrUieU-al Way MUtbm •4iiaa
•IOilO» Sai, .1,.,e:.ii 1 \'.«y Matlonj . *6i334
■ •ll::i»» Haa J.no au>l Way htatlain . . *3i30»
, t*> l.'.i- S» , M.to, X !w .w!. Mcnlo Park,
l'al'i Alto, hanta Clara, >^i. .• ...•-.
; Tr,« lino*. fta»U Vtm. HBSSSj
MonUrry an<l I'aclfe (irortf 1010 4
t:tt:i»r -*•. .!•»•-• 4H.1 Way s-.vf « *7i3oi>
flsl3rSanJri«au.irriDC<pal WayHtatloua ''lit
! {-"ViOOrSAnJoAoaQiirrincipal WaySuttosa ...,
*"»::ioi- Bail .)<is<>*u.l Principal WnyKtatlone •*<:3."»*,
•«:»•- H«.p, Jnaaaml WayH>atinn* •<« •>•)»
Hl;ts» San Jtunan.l Way wtatlmx *7:aOp>
A (or Sf unttuj. Vtot ■ -rIMMB). "
• I'» j f Oawhy oacpltAi I tiuudij only.
1 _^ 6 Sitnr'UT ' n'y.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market 6t.
bax rßANcisccnn ban nxrxtxi
WEEK DAT&-7:». »:CO. U:« a. m. ; 1311,
I', i, ml 9'm 19 ' C;M £ m Tbur»Jay»— trt»
Snd U ;?°,P m »«"urJays— Extra tripe at l.&t
anJ ll :.iu d. m
B Y&?V»"? :fl !a 9 * UM *" -- ! 1:M - **>
BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WPaJK DATtt— 1:10. 1:20, 11:10 a. m. ■ 11:43,
1:40. 8:10 p. ra Saturdays— Extra trips at
143 and 6:£ p. m.
EUNDATS-3:10. »:49. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. i OS.
1:26 o m.
Between Ran Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
tame schMule as above.
Leave Arrive "
Ban Francisco. In Effect Han Francisco.
-— ■ I October 11. , .
Week ; Bun- U9». Bun- 1 Week
Days. > days. Destination days. I Ijaya,
T:JO am 3:00 am Novato. 10:44 am 1:40 am
1.3 •t m S:3oam P»taiurr.s, C:C6 pm 19: IS ara
1:10 pm i:0O pm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 1:23 pm
Fulton,
1:23 am Windsor, 10:23 aa
IlealdabuiT.
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
AKpn 8:00 am Cloverdale. liX&pta 1:23 pa
1M am, Ilopland and
l:Nun Ukiah. 7:«5 ptn 1:33 pa
T:SO am . W:» am
, 1:00 am auernertlle. 7:39 pa
•:» pmj • n pa
JO am, 1:00 am Sonoma 19:43 am 1.44 am
and
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pen 1:23 pea
7:20 am 1:00 am B«bastopei. 10:4-5 am 13:25 a«a)
1:30 pm 8:00 pm 7:13 pm| 1:23 pna
Eta«*s connect at Santa Rnea for Mark Wes*
Bprinitß and White 9ulphur Sprinrs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at GeyeervtlU for 3'«aic«ai
Bprlns;». at Cl.-.verdale for the Oeysers; at flop-
land for Duncan Springs. H.«r.:anJ Sprint*.
Kelieyvllle. Carlrbad BprtnKS, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Hartlett Hpnn«"»; at Uktah for Vlchr
Springs. Barat< (a gprlnca, Blu* Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, **-— -a
••otter Valley. John Day's. Rfv»r«Me. Llerlo'a.
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heifhts. Hullrllle. Orr*«
Hot Springs, Mendoctno Cl^y. Fort BnutaV
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvtlle. Cucv
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Oleen's. Dyer.
Bcctla an.l Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re*
'4nced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points)
•«> M San Rafael at half rates.
, Ticket Offices. CO Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
JX. C. WIIITINO. P. X RTAJ*.
Oeaeral Manager. Pen, rasa, Arse
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, runnier ever the best ran*
1 road. with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco as]
1:00 p. m.
MOHDAT. WIDSK3DAT fRIDAT. BATU»OAT.
Arriving in Chicago at 2:13 p. ra
lEIDAY. iUHD'T, TTJISDAT. WIDHISDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace ant
Upholstered T irlsi Cars leave Oakland Mol*
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
l« p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Betweea Btockton. Fre«no. Hanford. Vlsalta-
Tuiare and Bakersfield. furnishes good local
train serrtce. •■ ..'
; Ban Francisco office, ft* Market St.. tele»k«M
Main 1531.
Oakland off.re Ill* Broadway.
Sacramento offlce. 2*l J street.
Pan Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' - Via Bsjm— Hf> Perry.
Comnp.tr/ ■ i October 1. •••
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLsTt
( AND PAN RAFAEU ,
WEEK DATS— T:<XJ. •» Jo. U:W a. m • 1 ill
•1:40. 6:IJ. I 00. «:M p. ra. * T*l
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill "alley and .-an Ra.
faal. on Mondays, W«dnesd»-s and Saturday*.
St >:C0 and 11:30 p. m. •
BUNDATB-»J:00. «10:n0. '11:30 a m.- nil.
1:15. **:*s. t:3O. --p. m • '^
Trains marked (*> run tr) Ban Qtientln
rROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
( WEEK DATfi '. 2S. •«:». 7:43. »»;4<> a. m.3
•12:30. 2:ls. fM. *Z:U p. m. . <
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays aoJ
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:13 p. nn.
SUNDAT3-«:M. M:CO. »W:CO. 1! 45 a. a.*
•1:40. I:V>. 4 « •!:» p. m '
Trains marked «•) start from San Qti-ntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FR.\NCI3COi
WEEK DAY 3-5:«. 6:4 J. 7:t5. »43 a. il
U:». I JS. 3:43, 6:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPH on M.-nit-ys. Wednesdays an 4
Caturdaya at 7:(0 «' ! !■"■-■ p. m
SUNDAYS— I:(fi, 10:C5 a. m.; 12:05. 3:15, J : j^
' P * THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Catadero and way statlor.sJ
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tcmales and -'ay station^
|;W a. m. Suidais— and «v- sUHn-tw
1314
STATE OFFICERS WILL
REBEL AGAINST GAGE
Dental Examiners Will Not Share
the Shame of Tebbets.
Five Members of the Board, Disgusted by
the Governor's Actions, Decide to .
Resign Their Positions.
THK Board of Dental Examin
ers is hopelessly divided against It
*< If. The numbers declare that the
M-anda] of tho accusations made
agsjnft Dr. P. P. Tfhbets haa de
l^l their Uhffulnet^i am Siata orticers.
:.nd ulnce they cannot clear the stain of
t mienled chars<*» from the board they
■Mil pr«"M-nt UK-ir resignations to Gov
t mor Gu»;«« and iM.'rmu Dr. Tebbets to live
. U hi« offlcluJ life iv» he .. *-*. Thin
1. test and sensational developmrnt of the
i mrgts preferred uKoiii&t Dr. Tebbets him
: Hoail like wlldlire. ajid is the theme of
« ;c!te.d K'»s*il> among dentists. The ;>ro
i *».-JoU i.a:t never been so excited before
j.. :ts Stu-io history, ** the very founda
i.jn of the Integrity wl its mtmbtrg has
L <n attacked.
Most of the members of the State Board
1 .*.vc been i.utmkk their shame und dl»
;.• i»t lor soxr.* time. They felt that the
cl urges i:.a ;.• against Dr. Teblxits reflected
Ujion the •:.:.:«. bv^id, and thai in justice
i • ail of tha i:.-::i.i:s an investigation
. ..ii have bceu held. When the Gov
k •..'■r at i .::-:.... r. :. : iZ to make au Ui-
\ Migation, preferring ihe presence of a
discredited State *>rllcial to an Inquiry, the
t.:her L»e;:tal iliaminers wire forced bock
u.>on Uuir reßuurces. which, uziforiu
:. .n-ly. unaount to nutlilng. KeaJizlng li.la
fact -r. . expecting nothing In decent or
l. mest treauseat troiu i..v Governor, ths
t lUovlng numbers of the buard have cx
ji.ocsvJ a puri>ubo to rcttigii their oUiciai
t *;i;t'tui ..:.'i allow Dr. TebbeLs lv huld
l^rth at oil own pleasure: Dr. G. S. Bach«
w.on. Dr. t\ W. UUbs, Dr. A. W. Moure,
» r. t'. li. Metcall and Dr. L.. T. Cranz.
The scaJidai. lv which Dr. P. F. Tebbets
v. as the ci-uiral unenviable tigure. is Mill
l.w>h lv the public miud. Dr. Tebbets was
i :ait.ta wiiii bribery and otiier serious
«.:<:..!-. Formal accu>atiuns against him
v. ei<j preparttu . > Dr. crai.z ajiu prtmented
It* tile Uuvi:.. : tor laVeSUsatlOfX. (jut;*',
vita that .....•::.,•; wriicli marks his oiu
« ;i. actions, did ;.■■:;..:. c . il« Dually an-
■
■
Four witnesses were summoned to a
D «eUng which was held two weeks a.go
i. st haiuriluy. Ak expecied, none of them
* ijKured. nut being compelled to do so
v iiler the law. <_>:»: ol them even left
i.M city in order tv be beyond reach.
\ae only testimony that could be ob
t. lued uai thai of the Armenian practl
:..:.•:• of Fresno, who submitted an arfl
c.vit swearing that Tebbets had offered
lnai a certlticaie lor money. It is claimed
i at nothing could be done at that meet
l.'i;. The. honest members of the board
ti.w that they were powerless even to
*..ve themselves from the stick with
\. :.l«!i T< !>l>ets had been tarred, and an
uc.ournmcnt was taken until last batur
*lo/.
'.he Armenian's affidavit was then read.
bt-t no other testimony was offered, for
Ihj reasons given. Then some one moved
t!.it the charges ba dismissed and Teb
k* hv exonerated. This was asking too
i:. ich. and while the president. Dr. G. S.
i.. chman. showed no disposition to press
t: • investigation, he voted with his asso
ci .tes against tho motion. The honest
i;. niber> of th« board were practically
vierc they were before, and In dL-gust
tl ••>■ Vot«ii tn leave the entire matter
v :ere the Governor desired It should be
tr:thout determination and with the
< i arpow of dishonesty still hangliy; o\'er
V ■■* head of Dr. Tebbets.
During the session, which had been
m ire unprotitable than had been expect
rd, neveral of the members emphatically
d< clar«-d that they would resign rather
tl an Kit upon th<- board with Dr. Tebbets
ci der such conditions. Among those thus
r- presrini; themselves were Drs. Bliss,
li.-whman, Metcalf. Moore and Cranz. Dr.
*tcalf .• aid that he would send his res
lr nation to the Governor at one*, and the
oiiiers declared that they would not be
lo ig In following his example. And there
tie matter rests, a disgraceful climax to
an Incident of shameful public life.
Dr. Cranz was seen at his home in Ala
3. -da laFt cvenir.r and fully corroborated
t»e report that the disposal of the Teb
ADVERTISEMENTS.
it's Time wasted I
And strength wasted, to try to push
back the rising tide with a broom.
It's just as great a waste of time and
a far more serious waste of strength
to try to puJi back the rising tide
of disease w ith the " nervines," " com-
pounds" and "nerve foods" which
sin.; drug the nerves into a drunk-
en rtapor. They make you feel
good? So docs whifky, while the
feeling lasts, but the reaction 1* dan-
gerous and deadly. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is a tem-
perance ir.i-riicinc. II contains no al-
cohol, opium, cocaine or other nar-
cotic. It strengthens the body by
purifying the blood and increasing
the sapy-ly of that vital fluid. It
heals dii»^^s?s of the stomach and or-
par» of dige&tion and nutrition and
thus moves the obstacles to a per-
fect nourishment of the whole body.
"Six years ago my stomach and heart
troubled tec so mnch I had to do something,
as Ibe doctors could not bclp me" write*
Urn. S. A. *<ri , of 6an Jose, CAllfomia,
Bex I?*. "I went to Sun Francisco and had
trwitincct for catarrh of the rtomach and
wi . better for some time, then it came back.
I thea used Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets.* These
medici'-cs cured my stomach. I do cot
have the pain and indigckUon a* I did.
It is vrry bard for me to
trll ycu what I Miffered be- /?^&&U,
for 1 commenced taking <£^*<"->
your %-aluable medicine. ■« "
J recommend it to all \gWv
the sufferers whom I
D< Dr. Piercc's Pleasant (U^T^
Pellets strengthen and tf*Q?'X
RtixnuLitc the liver. X' /£&£&
JMMM^^,,.,^ MtJ g B KSBBBsB>SSSS»SBSB»MB^tJ»SSSBBS»SSSSSs>ISS
bets j«candal had disrupted the Board of
State Dental Examiners.
"Four of the member*— Chairman Bach
man. Secretary Moore, Dr. F. W. Bliss
and Dr. F. H. Metcalf"— he said, "have
told me that they would resign rather
than be forced to associate with Tebbets
at the board meetings. I will resign also,
but I will not do fu until Bachman und
Moore have carried out their expressed
intention, for 1 have a suspicion that they
are not sincere. 1 think that their scheme
<■ to get Metcalf and me out of the way.
when the Governor will appoint thos^ in
our places who will be satisfactory to Teb
bets and his 'push, 1 and the old 'gran*
will be continued.
"There Is no doubt that Gage will do
as Tebbets wants him to. He has shown
a disposition all through this thing to
stand In with Tebbets. I am not going
to he fooled as easily as some of these
(o-afters f think. I will be the last one to
resign. I intend to hold oq to the Job
Just to prevent Gage and his man Teb
bets gettinr the better of me. There is
no danger that they will resume any of
their crooked work as long as I am
around. If all the members who said they
would quit keep their word, then I will
also step down and out and let Tebbets
be the whole thing.
"The board has not shown th« right dis
position in Its treatment of this matter.
There has been no inclination to probe to
the bottom of the scandal, while there
has been a determined effort to put the
burden of the affair on to my shoulders.
After the meeting Saturday night the
members advised me that the proper thing
for me to do was to bring criminal
charges against Tebbets. but I could not
fee It that way. I argued that as his ac
tions had disgraced the whole board, wo
as a body, should institute the criminal
proceedings."
A Newspaper Directory.
Jnr *- harlos H. Fuller Advertising
Agency of Chicago lias just issued its
"Advertiser** Directory of Leading News
papers.'' The tie Is in a measure mis
leading:, as the volume Is mu.-h wider in
Its scope than the newspaper list. It em
braces as well the leading magazine* and
- an 4 t lve numerous dass ptjtali
eatfona, such a.s agricultural papers, re
lipious and fraternal Journals, educational
publications «nd the like. It shows the
circulation claimed by publishers, and
Kreat care has evidently been observed in
eliminating from the list useless and
valueless publications from the stand
point of an advertiser.
It will prove an invaluable aid to every
LVllPr.ll fl.lv, nl,or
VANNUCCI WANTS REVENGE.
He Brings a Serious Charge Against
a Woman He Calls His Wife.
Deinne Vannucci. who Is employed as a
waitress In a saloon on the *Barbary
Coa.«t. appeared before Judge Treadwell
yesterday on a charge of cruelty to her
child. Carlo, nine months old. The com
plaining witness was the woman's alleged
husband. Ernest Vannurci, who told tho
Judge that his wife wan always under
the Influence of liquor and had taught her
children to drink. The oldest, a girl ,-,
>'<* ars _ of a^<?. was losing her eyesight from
the effects of drinking whisky. The Judge
continued the case till to-morrow.
Friends of the woman tell a different
st °ry. They say that Vannucci is not
married to the iron and he has lived
off her earnings for the past seven years
On November 3 he threw her out of the
h un^ e w ; h £ r< L th. y llv «* <l « n <l «h« took her
child with her. The two older children
were taken by Vannucci to the house of
his sister, where they still are. Vannucci
sold the furniture In the house, and after
he had spent the money he went to the
woman and wanted her to go hack and
live with him. but she refused, and he
blackened her eyes and threatened to kill
her. Her arrest was caused through pplte
a £., there yeas no truth in the story of the
children being taught to drink.
When that tired feeling comes alon*. side
track it with Jes»e Moor* "AA" whiskey.
AUSTIN C. TUBBS' WILL.
The Decedent Bequeaths a Valuable
Estate to His Widow.
The will of Austin C. Tubbs, a member
of the Tubbs Cordage Company, who died
on the Bth inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. The value of decedent's estate,
which is of a mixed character. Is un
known, but It will exceed 150.000. By the
tanas of the will, which was executed
April 9. 1831, the testator bequeaths his
entire estate to his widow. Anne Tallant
Tubbs. who resides with her three sons.
Austin. Georsre and Tallant Tubbs, at 2127
California street.
JONES APPEARS WITH A DAMAGED EYE AND SAYS HE WAS UP AGAINST IT.
JOHN JONES was the sorriest
looking of all the entries on the
overnight Jag book as he arose
yesterday morning from the
mourners' bench In Police Judge Gra
ham's court to answer to a charge of
disturbing the p«-ace. He had a hand
palntcd left eye, his face was bruised
and swollen, his lower Up drooped like
a motherless foal's and his clothing
was torn, dust-covered and blood
bespattered.
"Well, John," said the court, "you
seem to have been up against it."
"Yes, your Honor," replied the pris
oner.
"Against what?"
John Jones bowod his head In
thought.
"I don't know." he replied, after a
heroic mental effort.
"Not a Leonid?" suggested the
court, who has been closely studying
THE SAX FBA3STCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1899.
LOVE WAS FICKLE AND
LIFE LOST ITS CHARMS
THERE was only one irlrl for Robert Mlnter. a "remittance" English
man, and as he could not have her he decided that life was not w<>rth
the living, so he swallowed two ounces of laudanum at the Haight
street entrance to Golden date Park early yesterday niornlnK. but It
fortunately proved too strong for his stomach and ho will not die.
That he was prepared for deat h was shown by the following note
which was found clutched In his right hand:
"To the Coroner: The struggle to make a living Is past me and rather
than become an object of charity I will end my life. Hury me where you
like, or cremate me; I do not care. The girl I loved went Tia> k ><n me be-
M I lost my money. 1 cannot live without her. You will lind a remit
tance c.f SU4I at the San Framisio postoffloa at><->ut December IS, ISM. Pl<-ase
notify the postmaster. ROBERT MINTER."
Minter ii al>nut 36 years of ape and Is a native of Folkestone, England.
He nJd Ih was <Mie of a numerous family. but when ho came of age an
aunt left him $7""0. which at mo request "f his father, who is ■ barrister, he
intrusted to him to invest The money «ns lost in speculation and ten yean
>nz<> his father pur. acres <>f land In Kai.s.is f..r him and s.-nt him
there. He was i i farmer, and after thr.-< yean he -•■
forced t<> Bell out fur |GOO, which ■. spent, Since then ho had been
ring ■ monthly remittance of ISO, which barely k.-pt him alive. He did
- the Kirl he loved had jilted him because he wns po..r.
He refused to k!\»- h«r name. H*- had rrithinß t-> live f<>r au>l everything
• t in lif.' had been unlucky.
He livo.i in th.- Weber H Uand, and came across the bay Sunday
nieht. At [he Ferry drug n .^'M the bottle of laudanum, and aM
:• rintz around all night h»> went out t ■ . th<- park and swallowed th<- pois n.
While suffering from th<- effects of the poison he all< - rn>- <m.- went
through his pockets and .«;<■,> between $1" and US. After being tak.-n t<« the
}:••■:: .rit: Hospital, Dr. Hopper applied the usual rem i Steward ai
len fave him a course of massage for over an hour and he was pronoum •-d
out of danger.
GRATIA VANCE WAS A
MUCH MARRIED WOMAN
LAST HUSBAND IS AWARDED
HER CHILD'S CUSTODY.
Court Finds, However. That Deced-
ent's Illegal Husband Was the
Father of the Boy, Who
Is Illegitimate.
After litigation of several weeks Ira
Lincoln Vance has been awarded the cus
tody of his adopted child, Ira Leroy
Vance, the son of his wife. Gratia Vance,
and Devillo Hill, who lived with the
mother under a contract of marriage,
void by reason of the mother's prior mar
riage to Jay Fred Dunne, from whom the
woman had never obtained a divorce and
who was alive at the time of the child's
birth. This explanation of the conditions
leading up to and proved during the liti
gation is better explained in the findings
of fact and conclusions of law tiled by
: Judge Coffey yesterday in the matter of
the application of Julia E. Rhodes for
letters of guardianship upon the person
and estate of the child, and Devillo Hill
I for letters of administration upon the es
tate of Gratia Vance, whom he averred
was his legal wife at the time of her
death. In opposition to these petitions
. Mr. Vance contended that he was the
legally appointed guardian of the child
and the legal husband of the deceased.
In his opinion Judge Coffey says:
1 "Julia Skinner, mother of the child and
daughter of Julia K. Rhodes, and Fred J.
Dunne intermarried at Tribes Hill, N. V .
July 30. 1593. and lived together up to July.
IS!M, when they separated. Subsequently
Mrs. Dunne, under the name of Grace
Dunne, married Devillo Hill and they
lived together up to May. 1895. At that
i time the parties separated, the woman
came to California and In August of IKS
, the child was born. The law of New
York is that all children born out of law
the November skies ever since election
day.
•No. your Honor." . replied Jones
thoughtfully. "I think I must have
fallen off the. Ice wagon."
John Joi.es, who only wears that
nain« to battle the police reporters,
had struck It right the first time. He
had fallen off the Ice wagon. Officers
Morlarlty and Rottanzl. who had
picked him up, and Johnny Hargvt,
who had handed him the poultice he
was wearing on his left eye, told the
court how It happened.
Mr. Jones, two male companions and
three lady friends were out Sunday
night "getting wot" In various down
town resorts. From 8 In the evening
till nearly midnight they set 'em up
and put 'em down until they became
keyed to concert pitch. With one
voice they demanded music, ragtime,
jagtlme or any old time. Did Jonesey
fui wedlock ar.- Illegitimate, and the fact
: marriage contracted between two
• whom has a husband or
Wife living. Is absolutely void. ;i- was
the mai rlage of Mrs. inmne and
Hill, and hence their marriage i=> void and
the offspring !s ill.-ultim.,
"In June of 1887 <ir,itia I>unne and Ira
Lincoln Vance intermarried, and it has
proved that at that time Jay Fred
Dunne was dead. In July of l*f'T Mr.
■ and his wife appeared before Uim
court and Ira Lincoln Vance was awarded
of adoption and the child named
lra I.eroy Vane. ."
In addition to the legal rights of Mr.
Vame tho court finds that It would not
the best Interest of the child to
award him to other custody, and Mr.
Vance i^ granted his custody, together
with letters of administration upon h\*
led wife's estate, she being his legal
wife by reason of the fact that hp r first
hußband. Jay Fred Dunne, was dead at
the time of thMr marriage;
Trunks, vill-.-s and pocket-books let
tered Without charg. at Sanborn & Vails.*
Death of George E. Luther.
<">orge K. Luther, who for years was n
fjimlllar flguro in commercial circles, hav
ing followed the draying business In this
city for nearly a quarter of a century,
died on Sunday morning at his residence,
312 Fell street, after an illness of over
five months. Mr. Luther's death is at
tributed to heart disease. The de. .
v.,-1'- reneral rnanaper of the Ov.
Freight company during Its four years"
Government contract to do all th>
tom-hoUM drayage, and subsequently was
manager f<T drove Avers. He was a
prominent Odd Fellow and an Exempt
Fireman. Mrs. Luther, his widow, sur
vives him.
« ♦ •
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One <in»*» will stop
a cough Never falls. Try It 25c. All druggists.*
■ m ■
Fined for Contempt.
M. "U". Rosenblatt was fined $,V> yester
day by fnlted States Circuit Judge Mor
row for failing to obey an injunction pro
hibiting him from selling brandy under a
certain foreign label. The fine was paid.
know where It could he had?
Did Jonesey know? Well. Jonep»y
1 Jonesey did! And off the six
started.
At the same moment Johnny Cassl
dy of the Sheriff's office was seated dt
the piano In Your.g Mitchell's place.
Taylor stitet a.t.:l <;.>1«1. ;i <I;ite avonuo,
tearing Lfie off "McFadden's
Row of Flats" for the edification of
his old i'.il( K o chum. Ike Cerf. Neither
inspected that fnte was about to over
take them. It entered In the shape of
Johnny and his fellow-revelers.
"Say, feller," said Jones. approach-
Ing Cassidy, "get off dat stool an'
give de goils a chanst."
The L-xact words Cassidy used in re
fusal are not known. He hasn't been
able to recall them since he recovered
consciousness from the jolt Jonesey
gave him In the kisser. Down he went,
f'ff the stool and out of business. Then
SPEYER ASKED
RECOGNITION
ON THE BOARD
Railroad Events in
New Mexico.
INCIDENTS OF RECENT DEALS
WHY W. H. CROCKER RETIRED
FROM S. P. DIRECTORATE.
More Information as to the Value of
Mrs. Stanford's Interest in the
Pacific Improvement
Company.
Inquiries by wire from New York indi
cate thai special significance Is attached
there to tho retirement of \V. H. (
and Edward Scarles from the directorate
of the Southern Pacific Company.
The Call, which gave the reading pub
lic of the Pacific Coast the first news
and the only accurate story relating to
the sale cf the Crocker and Stanford in
terests In the Southern Paciilc, is In
formed that Mr. Scarles rettrea at his own
reijuest. He never manifested any desire
for active participation in the manage
ment of the Southern Pacific. lie pre
ferred rather that his associates, iluijtrird
and Stillman. should look after th>
lnal Hark Hopkins interests in the com
pany, but when C. P. Huntington s.scheine
of reorganization took definite
was BUKkjested that Mr. • -hould
go on the board "f dlractora. ;
lion emanated from Stillman and llub
bard and in obeying it Mr. Bearles sim
ply heeded the advlOS "f riis lawyers.
When the reorganization was effected
there waa no special reason why Mr.
Searles should extend his I'-rm of service,
so he elected to retire. His retlrem.tni
DOt signify thai he has sold nil in
terest In ihe propertj or it, contemplating
a sale. It would not be surprising, how
ever, if Bpejrer &• Co., who seem to have
uniiound d confidence In Southern Pa
should make him an offe/ that would
tempt a *.iie.
\\ lien Bpeyar & Co. bought the .S >uthern
Pacific stock betondna to the «. rocket es
lait.- v was stipulated 111 the agreement
an tl"- buyer and teller that
resentative of t: • ite should go on
the board Immediately aft«'r tli»- < 'rocker
stock was transferred to tho pun
In compliant < with the agreement \v. 11.
t'r."^.-i retired and Bpeyer A: Co. i
his success ir. Oeorse ( rocker will iirou
abiy serve until the next election.
The Southern Pacific, In fact, la com
unong
the several la the Southern Pacific ol N« w
Mexico. Evcnta <*t tmi^Tttntti-T- to the
railroad world are foreshadowed by th»:
baste of Huntingdon ami Bpeyer t" make
chances In the directorate ol
cm Pacific ol New Mexico, li is pr
that Huntlngton la seeking to circui
some plans of the Santa t'e in tlie South
.
i!.. estimate which The < "all recently
placed "ii Mr.--. Stanford's one-fourth In
terest in ' Improvement Com
pai 1 is 1 '■! too high. The company is a
regular corporation, with 100,000
st () , iv. lira, Stanford owns ■bares.
c. i\ Huntington and Edward S
each • • ■ • number of ■]
Company ai>.> owns
1 be property consists of
town nites, steamships, hotels, <-'>;tl mines,
oil lands, ranches, mortgages, notes,
>-»■.. kv bonda etc. The inventory reveals
amazing wealth.
Another administration of national af
fairs und.r the auspices of the Republican
party and the consequent reassurai
prolonged prosperity In California would
add lurg.-ly to the value of the prop. rty.
esent valuation of Mrs. Stanford's
Interest- seven millions— 4s low. A con
tinuance of good times and prudent man■
■ t would surely bring ii up to ten,
if not to twelve, million dollars. What
ever sum l.« derived from her share will
go to the endowment fund of Stanford
University.
Word comes from New York that C. P.
Huntlngton'a views concerning higher
education have undergone n change since
the rapid rise Of Southern Pacific
The magnate la softening toward th«
world The Call gave s;ich accurate and
extensive accounts of his social and ln
rtual triumph? when be w;is her<»
last soring that ho Is looking forward
with delight to another and a nior. ex
tended sojourn in California. Mr. Hnnt
ington may yet testify to his admiration
of California and his toleration <>f higher
education by endowing a professorship at
Stanford University.
A Monster Mushroom.
A. Sr.arboro. secretary of the Italian-
Bwtas ftprlcultural colony, brought down
with him yesterday from Asti. Son..m;i
County, one of the largest mushrooms
ever found in this Stat.-. The fungi.
perfectly sound and weighed three
pounds. The crown of the mushroom
measured forty Inches In rirrumf< r- 11. c
The stem was eleven inches long and six
Inches in circumference. The mushroom
is ;.. rfect in every detail, and this morn-
Ing it will furnish 11 hrenkf;i?t for Mr
Sbarboro and half ■ dozen of his friends.
All men are born equal, but the majority
of them find It easier to slide than to
climb.
Cerf landed on Jonesey and Jonesey's
companions let Into Cerf. the lady
friends screamed and pandemonium
reigned In the blood-spattered music
room until Proprietor Johnny Herget
entered.
"Cerf ram<» running nut to the sa
loon where I was." gaid Herget. ■!* -
scribing the finish. "The blood w.is
running cut of his mouth. He
there was a party in there trying to
dean out the bouse. 1 went in to heip
It along ar.d handed him this," dis
playing the good right duke that had
put many a pugilistic aspirant on the
pork.
"I guess, Jonesey." said the court,
"you mu3t have got one of those Fltz
simmons knockout drops."
"I guess so," replied Jones, who
figured, evidently, that acquiescence
was the I'tst policy.
"I'm afraid. Jonesey,"* went on h's
. Sale's. J_ Hale*.
open Saturday evenings until Christmas.
93 to 947 JfiFW^J&4&?o£> Market st
Thanksgiving Table Linens
.... I the cover that graces the
children statics tat i e should be fresh crisp
underwear and white as the driven
children's non - shrlnkable Onelta cnn ,,, . ru-mA nnnngii
union suits: two-thirds wool, heavy snow . good napery sug-
and soft; handsomely finished with t^estS QOCid living and i c\r&
silk shell edge, silk tape and pearl 7 , l J* % OOa llVin g ana a Care-
buttons; all the seams covered: color till hOSt.
natural gray; all sizes from 5 to 15
ears Jl a suit hemstitch^! damask table sets, all
children s muslin drawers; heavy, linen, pure whit*; one dozen napkins
soft-finished muslin; cluster of tucks to match each cloth—
and hem at bottom; ages Bto 11 year. 2 yard , , onR $4 —
12 » C ■ paJr -^ ya^s long $...28 set
i_ ji •_• a 3 yards long J6.00 set
handkerchiefs 31 * yards ion B j S . 252 5 set
ladies' pure linen embroidered seal- JableJ abIe damask, bleached. 72 inches
loped border and embroidered seal- wld A! satin damask, all the newest
loped with lace insertion and lace designs tl yard
bordered handkerchiefs Be each large dinner size napkins to match..
ladles' Swiss and cambric handker- ■■":'. $3.50 dozen
chiefs, with lace borders and lace em- table damask, bleached. ••; inch**
broldered corners 12'ic each w 'de; all linen, very fine, new put-
Swiss hemstitched handkerchiefs, ms" *>.">c yard
with lace embroidered corners, for... —-inch napkins to match.. 51. 50 dozen
9c each <*ream bleacher! damask. 64 Inches
children's hemstitched colored bor- ■**•! very heavy; a leader. .soc yard
del handkerchiefs, in a fancy b0x....- ■ .
isc box hosiery
children's hemstitched colored DOT- a ♦„>.„.„,. v . •
d :; initial handkerchiefs. ,in fancy t £ jtfggjgj T^lOX
ladi^^puVVVinVnwhVte'nems'trtcheS "^o^Sozen^rniUL? 1 , . . ,
initial handkerchiefs. 90,- for a box of thread fSt hl» tZ a " d *£*£ 3*3 *
6 . nr t r_ ___ h tnread '■'-' Mack maco cotton hose;
"ladies" scailoped'amrVace border fine ribbed. I h , cavy ; H h « -I twisted
handkerchiefs." in and lace border j. n .i ..,,_.. „ ( i' h^^^' <leep
handkerchiefs, i ir, fancy box..H bos VflZl r - h] '\X ',J£S*s. fl ? lsh -
ladies' hemstitched handkerchief,,. Ia %k% k - J™ hl .° n;n ;' d '"*• nar "
with ' 4 . M and 1 Inch hem. ... i<v each £ ; h . k a " k J;- J?. ™' "h." h . °" an<l
genW single black silk reefers. * .th Jf- SlularTJ'iw
hemstitch.- ;J! 1 ■ rppular! > S' 1 ' 1 -" -
gents' double black silk reefer*, '-•-•» aozen
with hemstitched ends lilonnfl^ff^ xx A ..,_-
$1.50. $2 and $2.-0 each ■■nnnciette gowns
gents' pure linen or fine cambric In- ladles' flannelette gowns — rood
itial handkerchiefs. $1.50 a box of C; quality of flannelette, hubbard, style
or ;•• \\rV\'YY 2fic 1 a f h y°!«\ turndown collar, cut full wide
gents Japanese silk Initial or plain and long; assorted patterns in Dink
handkerchiefs, ISxIS Inches. 2."c each; and blue stripes; all slzes-^-14 II ir
22x22 ide each I and 17 45c each
CARR SLAPPED HIS
DYING WIFE'S FACE
WITNESSES WHO SAW HIS BRU
TAL CONDUCT TESTIFY.
His Preliminary Examination on the
Charge of Manslaughter Com
menced Before Judge
Conlan.
The preliminary examination of Thomas j
j. <a: r. a lal it the Union Iron .
Works, charged with manalanghti
connection with the death of his wife at
U Michigan street, was eoram- ii'-l 1 -
f..re Judge <',ii 4 ;, in yesterday morning.
f.irr was defended by Attorney "'urtls.
Dr, Zahala, autopsy physician, who
1 .rr > body,
testified that she died from tuberculosis
and heart disease. There w< re no marks
of viol.-nee on the bod) or face.
Mrs. Margaret Price, 233 Predta a.venu»,
1 thai sh( ■■ slap his
face. They had BOOM words about
the transfer of s.im.- property, which Mrs.
Cnrr wanted to - children
<"arr asked witness to take her husband
wanted to die In ; •
Frances I f Sirs. Psi-r,
tf-stlned that sh»: was in tho house when
Lieutenant Anderson • ame t" arreat ■
At th;it time Carr said t > hln wif.
>"U w.int me arrested?" and she replied,
■ want to die in pt
Father McDonald v. for the d«»
i-:d testified that b» mm
T'laint to the police aboul c.-irr's eoi
but advised th<m to go to the hou
men frotn the Union Ir^n Works wrc
called and testified that «'arr was a good
worker, but they knew nothing about his
home life.
At the request of the defendant's attor
ney the case was continued till this morn
ing.
CONSPIRED TO DEFRAUD.
W. E. Hampton and August Holtgen
Held for Felony Embezzlement.
The cases of W. E. Hampton, manager
of the Pacific Tank Company. Beale
street, and August Hoitgen. formerly man
ager of the. Aermotor Company of Chi
cago, charged with felony embezzlement,
the special amounts being $►"> 74. $114 To
and $70 62, which have been dragging along
in Judge Mogan's court for several
months, were disposed of yesterday by
the Judge holding the defendants to an
swer before the Superior Court. Hamp
ton's bonds were fixed in $2500 and Holt
gen's In $1500.
Hampton came here from Chicago in
ISD2 as manager for the Aermotor Com
pany, who manufacture windmills. He
continued as manager for two years, with :
Hoitgen as his assistant. and then left the
Honor, "thai I'll have to hand you
a small package mjertf **
Somebody in the Jones crowd mut
tered something about a "pull."
"No. then '■ no 'puir bare," *x
daisied Ycung Mitchell. -Ui. res a
lot of these house cleanera around
:;ight. Judge. This f« How's one
of them. He tried to wreck my place
and I want him counted oil— •entenced,
I in in. I'm not working no 'pull.'
either. "
'Ynu see how it is. Jonesey." said
his Honor, turning to the prisoner,
"you *eem to be aga.:r.st it without a
pull and"—
• I -ruees I am. Judge," replied
Jonesey.
"Well, you come around to-morrow
fnr s. ;.t< 11 c ii- •! -■ • that your lamp Is
a little better trimn
And Jones. •> 1- ft the courtroom won
dering how many years would be com
tag t« liini If Herset r.-ally had a pull.
company ami started the tank company.
Holtgen was promoted as manager of the
Aermotor Company, and the allegation
was made that .Hampton andHoltgen con
spired to divide the agents" discounts on
Z~lf, of windmills arid tank, Holtgen
sending false returns to the head offi> B
ln «£ lea . RO .° f . th^ Ba i h having b*«n mad^
to agents. Instead of to customers Mr^-t
Jhe aggregate a mnunt r4uatn«4 fry tM»
wa i"\ was . sald to have be «n about isooa.
andthAA. n2n 2° tDr n Cnmi)any BOt i« d Kment
iV« ,? u^^ or f ourt against Hampton
and Holt* for tha « amount.
Th.- Judge In rendering his decision yes
terday said that the guilt of the defend
ants had been satisfactorily shown, and
he would therefore hold them to answe .
Yesterday's Bankrupt.
Frederick Wh^>toi of San Francisco,
paint dealer. $1074; no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 What Do You I
I Think of I *
This Company?
What Oar Well Drillers I
I Think of It. I
f RAKERJFirr.n Cal.. Nor. 14. ish. G
I IVtroleum Center '11 Co., room 23. I]
I Mills building. Han Francisco— Oratle- 9
nrn: The lumber Cor derrick and th« S
timber for rs; will be placed on th« ■
ground to-day for well, and we expect D
to commence drllllns; befor* the last of M
next week: will notify you and will keep ■
you fully Informed as to progress. t-1
On <Irlltlnsr wells we would Ilk* th* H
piivttetce of taking part stock at pres- M
ent price of stock In payment for drill- M
Ins;. If this proposal meets with your M
approbation write us at once. Tour* l]
very respectfully, |{
WM. F. BRTANT * CO. g
What we think Is that 3Sc shares will H
last only a few days more. I*
PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., 1
29 HILLS BUILDING. THIRD fLCOR. W
Send for map prospectus and other In- H
formation. ft
Mfjßss ßHßi^ißssssßafss ßaH iss^Bssars| I
Catarrh, Deafness,
M^^^P Tlroal
V' /'"■•• 1: is-2 1 LUNB
Diseases Positively Cured by
OR. GOTTINGHAM'S -^
632 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Marble stair entrance.
Hours— 9- a. m.; 1-3 and 7-1 p. a.
FREE COUPON present at once; good for oa«
week mEE TREATMENT and medicine at
office, or write for particulars. Do not delay.
Crockery
Bargains. *
Its Worth Your j
' Coming Just to Sec.
Great American ImportlnE Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
100 Stores.
THY in^ P*rraanent cure. Entire tli»»
LI 1 I L W dcvn «*' < t to re. al dlsea«'«
B i i li References. thoa« cured. No
I M.MJMJLJ «urKrry. A. J. ATKINS.
M D : J33 Putter St.. San
franclsco; hours 1 to I p, n.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
POR THE CURB Or GONORRHOEA,
■ Gleets. Strictures and analosous cam-
p.-^:ts of the Organs of C ncratloa.
Price » a bottle. For sale by drucßista,
Writ's Indian Vegetable Pills
A RE ACKNOWLEDGED lI V .SANDS) i
n of persons who have used them for forty
years to cur* SICK HEADACHE. tilDf.-
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Wea« sUoaa^
ach, Ptmsica and x>u. / th« blood.