VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 144.
BRITISH TROOPS NOW GAIN A SECOND
VICTORY OVER THE BOERS.
Elands Laagte, Near
Ladysmith, Captured
by the Forces Under
Generals White and
French.
Cf.PE TOWN, Oct. 21, n)idnigr;t— Generals
Wh)ite and French) have carried the Boer posi
tions at Elands Laagte.
Oct. 22 —At - o'clock this morning the "War Office posted the follow
. nter:
p. m.— General White rode toward Elands Laagte
ral French left here at 4 a. m. by roa>:
. ;>. m. it had been gradually strengthened to the
-■juadron of the Fifth Dragoons, two field bat
: evonshire regiment, half the Manchester regi
the Imperial Light Horse and two squads of
•■• of Ladysmlth with the Gloucester Regiment, half
:.nders, a mountain battery and s'jO Natal
■ 'm an armored train a mile this s!do of
■■:.. the enemy's three guns were silenced, and that
iiarge. The enemy's number this morning was esti-
Is expected to arrive during the af u :
n was to reopen the railway to Dundee and return
■
by telephone saying we had carried the en
■ ■ ' eir camp, equipment, horses and wagons. The cav
il struments say we have some wounded,
■ yet. I expect General White will be late, so I'll wlr-
in on the railway about midway between Glen-
The Boers occupied the place on Thursday and Friday and
r to prevent British troops being sent either way.
TOXDON, Oct. 21.— The stirring devel- I
opments of the week form a vivid j
J 4 contrast to that wearisome period of
procrasti nation and suspense which
preceded the outbreak of the war, though
I'arliamer.t has quickly and dramatically
tanctioned the momentous action of the
Cabinet. The first battle worthy of the
name has been fought, and an army
corps", England's military effort in this
century, is now on the way, bent upon
sioministering an eternal quietus to South
African unrest.
The thrilling scene In the House of
Commons of a member of the Cabinet
making an impassioned defense of his own
honesty against the imputation of delib
erately involving England in war; the
far-reaching significance of the intima
tion by the cautious Prime Minister that j
England's rule throughout the whole of [
South Africa must be absolute, and many
other striking points in an epoch-making 1
week have been almost entirely obscured
by the overwhelming interest of the
ehnrp, meager bulletins bearing date at ■:
Ladysmlth that tell of victory and of how •
many died to gain it. Historians may dis- j
miss as insignificant .the military opera- |
tions which have co far marked the prog
ress of the war; but for the people of j
England these and those of the immediate
future have transcontinental importance,
Glfncoe and Ladysmith irresistibly
rivet national attention; and ■when the
nverage Britisher lauds the pluck that !
won Friday's battle and still keeps the ;
flag flying over Mafeking, he reverts to
the universal query, "What will White do |
r.ext?"
Sir Redvers Buller. last week's idol, has j
almost passed out of the popular mind. i
although that general, despite the fact
that he is in midocean and unaware of i
what befell the Boers at Glencoe, appears ;
to be the main factor In the situation. I
The Associated Press is reliably informed :
that his last act before leaving was to
cable Sir Stewart White forbidding any \
p,rit:.-h advance pending the arrival of
the army corps.
It is understood in army circles that
General White believed himself quite
Ftrong enough to advance through Laings i
Neck. Sir Redvers Buller's prohibition, if .
carried out, resolves all prognostication j
Into the simple statement that upon the !
extent of Boer aggressiveness depends I
the number and nature of the engage- '
ments that are to mark the next month's
fighting.
Probably the Boer movement was
curbed by the dofcat at Glencoe, but it .
peems reasonable to believe, judging from L
the determination and fanaticism of the j
Boer forces, that they will, sooner or j
GENERAL SIR WILLIAM PENN SYMONS.
This faring British officer, who Is second In command in Natal, was
;• I during tho storming of Dundee Hill on Friday. For his
n the field he has b^eu promoted to be major general supernum
erary to the British army establishment.
The San Francisco Call.
later— anyway, before Buller'p corps takes
the fiold— return to the field with re
doubled aggressiveness in a desperate at
tempt to break the backbone of G»-
White's forces, having previously en
deavored to weaken it by feint and flank
movements. Such a supposition regarding
plans is based upon the belief that
tandant General Joubert's main ob- ,
Jectlve Is to break up or rout General :
White's command before the British rein
ments arrive. But it is possible the
wily Boer general has carefully concealed
a strategy which he intends to carry out :
In an unexpected direction and that the
attack upon Genera! v ETrlday was
merely Intended to deceive the British as
to the main objective. Reliable news from
the Boers Is so hard to secure in London
that it is impossible to predict with any
certainty what the next few ,
weeks are likely to bring forth.
It is said that the plans of Sir Redv«r<=
Buller, subject to finding on his arrival
that the complexion of the campaign is
not entirely changed, are to have four
divisions, each a little army In itself and
each capable of meeting the full strength
of the Boers. As his forces will exceed
men, this is regarded as feasible, j
With three armies he intends to invade '
the Transvaal from different points. ■
sibly leading the principal force througß
the Free State, sending the others to up- !
hold Natal. Military opinion is Inclined to
• a single line of operations unless ;
the invader has a tremendous preponder
ance of strength. Although few are will- ■
Ing to criticize General Buller's admitted
military genius without knowledge of in- j
formation on which he has based his esti- ;
matlon of the Boers' strength, there is a j
growing feeling that the war will event- |
ually resolve itself into a guerrilla cam- :
paign, and many references are made in i
this connection to the state of the Ameri- |
can forces In the Philippines.
ral Englishmen who have lived
; among the Boers, but are now In Eng
' land, assert that the Boers will nover
stick to their artillery, and there is a ;
: unanimous feeling among those who know
th<- Transvaal and its inhabitants that
the Boer artillery will cut only a small
figure after the first month. The explana
tion of this is two-fold. In the first place,
most (>t the Boers are unaccustomed to ;
fighting according to the methods re
■: in conjunction with heavy artillery.
{and, Beeondfy, most of them are armed
with the rifle only. Comparatively few
have bayonets, revolvers or swords, and
, it is a military impossibility for men to I
' stand up against a cavalry charge unless
they | me arm in addition to the
■ •■ the only alternative when
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Signal Officer and Machine Gun Belonging to Dublin Fusileers.
Thp Dublin Fuslleere was one of the regiments engaged in the storming and capture of Dundee Hill on Friday
and suffered most severely from the deadly tire of the Boers. This noted Irish regiment had fourteen of its members
killed and thirty wounded.
cold steel threaten? is to desert the guns.
It is not believed that the Boors will
suffer so much by the loss of artillery as
might at first be thought Unencumbered
by puns they regain that mobility which,
in the previous war, proved such a thorn
in the side of the English organized
troops.
A splendid instance of the spontaneous
co-operation of the army and the navy is
given in the action of Captain Lambton,
commanding the British first-class pro
tected cruiser Powerful, while on the way
to the Cape. Calling at Mauritius, he
found a line regiment that has been or
dered to Durban unable to leave for want
•ransport. Without waiting instruc
tions he embarked the whole regiment on
board the Powerful and landed them at
Cape Town, making an extra quick
ige for th'-ir benefit.
PATHETIC SCENES
OUTSIDE WAR OFFICE
LONDON, Oct 21.— Outside the War
Office the scenes were pathetic enough
yesterday, when the news of the battle
of Glencoe— lt is officially called the bat
tle of Dundee— got circulated, but to-day
they were infinitely more so. Anxiety
and feverish excitement were plainly de
picted on the faces of the crowd. All day
long, from an early hour in the morning,
the throngs eagerly waited. When bit
by bit the list was posted on the green
baize board, how eagerly the names were
scanned. When perhaps the list of casu
alties in one corps was complete, mingled
with the waitings and sobs of grief of
stricken mothers and young girls was
the lightsome laughter of others whose
boys were not among the slain or wound
ed. It was a heart-wringing scene.
When announcements were made of the
lities among the gallant King's
-. who suffered so terribly in their
grand - ip Dundee Hill, the inten
sity of pri^f displayed was pathetic.
Among the rich and poor, the proud
aristocrat and London's humblest citi
zens, there are many broken hearts to
night. And this is only the beginning.
ANXIETY FOR THE
EIGHTEENTH HUSSARS
LONDON, Oct. 21.-The War Office Is
still besieged to-night by anxious in
s, but the officials have no further
news from Glencoe. Some anxiety is oe
ginning to be felt for the Eighteenth
Hussars, whose return from their pursuit
the Boers has not yet been officially
notified to the War Office.
Lady Symons has heard that her hus
was slightly better.
R< liable n< \\s from South Africa is
meager, the wires being overloaded with
official dispatches.
The latest advices from Cape Town
show that all was well at Klmberley on
WRECKAGE SEEN IN
A TYPHOON'S WAKE
Disquieting News of an Ocean Dis
aster in the Course Taken by
the Transport Senator.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oft. 21.-The transport
Senator, having on board thp Fifty-first
lowa. Volunte< rs and other soldiers to the
numb>r of 1700, should reach San Fran
cis< v within two or three days unless it
huffcred serious accident in the typhoon
which struck it ?i-«n after it left Yoko
hama, on October C.
.\. ivs of a disquieting: sort is brought by
Colonel Charles Denby and Professor
Dean Worcester, the remaining members
of the Philippine commission, who are re
turning post haste to Washington.
These men saw wreckage in the swell of
the typhoon that crossed the track of the
Senatur. They saw the glowering storm
and wire caught in the edge of It. Their
own boat, the Empress of Japan, a jhip
accounu.l fur staneher than the Senator,
suffered damage from the half-spent force
of its gale. The sailors said they believed
the Senator was in the midst of the ty
phoon.
The next day a lifeboat and a spar were
seen floating on the frothy sea over
which the typhoon had swept.
"I should certainly not wish to cause
Thursday. A small body of Boers ap
proached Klmberley on Wednesday, and
Major Charaier made a sortie with a re
connoitering party and some guns on
board an armored train. After a few
shots had be.>n exchanged the burghers
fled precipitately. There were no casual
ties on the British side.
The police garrisons of fourteen streams
and towns have arrived at Kimberley.
Everything tends to confirm the statement
that Colonel B.ulen-Powell temporarily
worsted the Boers at Mafeking, and it ap
pears true that upward of 300 wounded
Boers have arrived at Johannesburg.
RETREAT OF BOERS
BECAME A ROUT
LONDON, Oct 21.— The early dis
patches regarding yesterday's battle near
Dundee conveyed the impression that the
whole affair was over in a couple of
hours, the British artillery silencing the
Boer guns and infantry and then simply
charging right over the hill. According
to the later advices, however, the battle
lasted eight hours, and nearly seven
hours elapsed before the last Boer gun
was put out of action. The Irish Fusi
liers and King's Rifles meanwhile had
advanced to the assault and were shoot
ing their way up the hill, driving the
Boers back from shelter to shelter until
the final rush of the British carried thorn
to the summit. A curious fact was that
several times a lull occurred in the firing
on both sides, the British Infantry ap
parently taking a breathing space in the
stiff climb, and the Boers also holding
back their fire.
The magnilic*"*it practice of the British
guns was an immense help, and the suc
cess of the assault was greatly due
thereto. Once the British bayonets
showed on the top of the kopje the Boers
retreated, and when on reaching the
other side they found a British battery
and cavalry outflanking them the re
treat became a rout. The British guns
followed, and, unllmbertng from time to
time, threw shells into the flying foe. A
heavy rain began falling during the after
noon, which naturally impeded artillery
operations. It was a coincidence that
yesterday was the anniversary of a sim
ilar feat of British arms in India, when
the Gordon Highlanders stormed the
heights. _
DEPARTING TROOPS
GIVEN A BIG SEND OFF
LONDON. Oct. 21.— London gave the
guards a grand farewell to-day on their
departure for Southampton, where they
embarked for the Cape. Three battalions
of the First Scots and Second Coldstreams
and Third Grenadiers left. Along the
whole route from the barracks to the
railway station the troops received an
ovation. Before many yards were cov
ered wives and sweethearts of BOldiera
broke into the ranks, linking their arms
with the troopers who were carried along
In the surging, singing crowd to the Bta
needless alarm," paid Colonel Denby,
"but I am forced to admit that there is"
cause for some apprehension as to the
fate of the Senator. It would not be well
to say at this time that the transport is
lost, for that would perhaps cause need
less anguish to the friends and relatives
of those aboard it; but it is -well the
meager truth we know should be made
public."
The date of sailing from Yokohama was
set for October 6, but in the meantime
word was received from the Manila Ob
servatory that a typhoon was moving
northward and would pass near the Japa
nese coast. Many or the American colony
urged the captain not to sail the Senator
out of port that date, but he told them to
put away their fears and he slipped his
moorings and set out for home. The fol
lowing day the Empress of Japan sailed
out of Yokohama for Vancouver with
Colonel Denby and Professor Worcester
aboard. They left the Japanese port at
sunrise, and before sundown they were
being tossed by the rim of the typhoon.
The Empress of Japan shifted its course
and ran from tha typhoon. ;
tion. At the depot cheer after cheer
shook the building as the trains steamed
out.
There was a pleasing Incident to-day as
the Amr-rican steamer St. Louis passed
the British transport Gasgon, about to
sail with the Coldstream. Guards for
: Africa. The passengers of the
liner cheered lustily, waving their hats
and handkerchiefs, and the soldiers re
led with three cheers for the Ameri
cans.
William Waldorf Astor has donated
15000 to the liriti.sh Red Cross fund for
the South African war.
ENGLISH VERSION OF
FIRST DUNDEE BATTLE
LONDON. Get 21.— A correspondent in
Glencoe camp sends the following dis
pftt h under date of October 20, morning:
"Daybreak disclosed the Dutch all
around Dundee. As soon as they were In
position on the hill behind Vetersmlth's
house, where they posted a cannon, rifle
fire began generally and to wake up they
put several shots arid shells slap into the
camp, causing a speedy evacuation of the
tents and forming up of all the ranks
outside the camp. Our guns were soon in
action and replied with telling
The whizzing of the shots as they passed
over our heads had music in it; yet, be
yond a natural dodging of heads their
effect was not dl
"So effective was our artillery fire that
in ten minutes the guns of the Boers were
all silenced. I could see from my position
how telling it was. I could see members
of the staff going about their duties as
coolly as if the whole thing was a sham
battle. As soon as the Boer fire slack
ened our artillery, which had been beauti
fully served, trotted into town and posted
themselves. They soon compelled the ene
my to retire, but yet they appeared like
so many bees in groups at every place of
vantage which skirted the town, while
others were driven toward the coal fields.
"Our guns continued to play on Smiths
Hill, where beautiful practice was made.
Ac the shells burst the Dutchmen could
be seen scampering for cover. While our
guns were so engaged the Hussars de
ployed on the left flank. Soon the can
nonading ceased, and after five minutes'
sharp work all was over. This may be
put down as the first battle of Dundee.
"The battle was soon renewed with
great visor. At 7:30 a message arrived
telling the camp that 9000 Boers are
marching on us with the intention of at
tacking our rear. A heavy mist which
caps the surrounding hill obscures tlu-ir
approach and they may be upon us any
hour. The only casualties known on our
side are the wounding of a trumpeter and
a drummer in the Sixty-ninth Battery."
RHODES REFUSES
TO LEAVE KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Oct. 21.— A special dispatch
from Cape Town states that a message
has been received there from Kimberley
stating that Cecil Rhodes has been urged
to leave the town, but refuses to do it,
being determined to see the thing
through.
VIENNA, Oct. 21.— The victory of the
Uriiish at Glencoe came as a vast sur
prise to numerous critics of the British
army. The importance of the victory is
fully recognized as exercising a decisive
influence on the whole campaign.
PARIS, Oct. 21.— The news from Glen
coe caused a great impression, though
the papers attempt to minimize its im
portance.
PROMOTION OF SYMONS.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The War Office an
nounces that the Queen approves of the
promotion of Symons to be major general
supernumerary to the establishment for
distinguished service in the field.
Story of Privateering.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— According to the
Outlook it is reported that Kruger has is
sued letters of marque to French priva
teers to prey upon British transports on
the way to the Cape. Although France is
ofllcially friendly there is no guaranty
that cupidity will not fempt private own
ers to fit out ships. This is said to ex
plain the dispatch of the British first
class protected cruisers Diadem and
Niobe, very fast vessels, to Las Palmas,
which is an admirable place of observa
tion.
NEW ZEALAND'S CONTINGENT.
WELLINGTON. Oct. 21.— The New Zea
land contingent, numbering 218 men, with
228 horses, sailed for South Africa to-day
amid scenes of unbounded enthusiasm.
An enormous crowd said good-by to the
troops, including members of the Legisla
tive Council and House of Representa
tives. Mayors and Judges, the Governor
of New Zealand, the Premier and other
prominent persons addressed the troops
on the wharf.
SPECIAL SERVICE SQUADRON.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— Orders have been is
sued to the Devonport Navy Yard to
♦ ♦
♦ PfIRIS, Oct. 21— According to its Berlin ♦
♦ correspondent, says trje Courier dv Soir, the ♦
S great powers have agreed to intervene be- i
o fore the present war assumes terrible pro- ©
° portions and insist upon the enforcement of $
♦ the provisions as to arbitration in tr;e cor)- ♦
♦ ventior) signed at The Hague. ♦
♦ ♦
"GREED AND HUNGER
FOR LAND AND GOLD"
Unpleasant Comment of the Germans
on the War Waged hy England
in South Africa.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 21.— The German press is
Just as unanimously anti-British in the
Transvaal war as It was anti-American in
the war between the United States and
Spain. Even the liberal papers, although
politically and commercially they have all
along sought and found an ideal in Eng
land, now strongly disapprove of Eng
land's procedure in varied but never com
plimentary utterance. The speakers In
the British Parliament are charactprized
as "hypocritical," and the British people
and Government are described as "de
voured by land hunger," and "for greed
for Transvaal gold."
The Kreuz Zeitung says: "The peace
conference at The Hague accomplished at
least something; for. still more than the
verdict given by that international tri
bunal, the unanimous opinion of the whole
world is against the English proceeding
which is due to mammon worship alone.
Everywhere the verdict Is mat 'greed and
hunger for land and gold do not yet confer
the right to go to war.' "
The Frankfurter Zeitung says: "The
specious phrase, 'England is compelled to
begin war because the Boers will not
grant the same rights to the Outlsfaders
as to the burghers." is repeated over and
over again. It has. been used by the En
glish poet laureate, by Ministers in Parlia
ment and by the press, but that does not
make the phrase true."
To the complaint of the English press
that the entire press of Germany
with the Boers, the Deutsche Tage Zei
tung replies: "Quite so. We all wish and
hope that England may m>->et with de
feat; and this quite aside from our sym
pathies with the Boers. The whole oi
Germany thinks as we do."
The Lokal Anzeigex says: "The English
promptly prepare the second class cruis
ers Hlacin.fh, Highflyer. Juno and Charyb
d!s to join the special service squadron
about to be commissioned.
Loyal to the Queen.
LONDON, Oct. 21 —The paramount
chief of the Basutos, according to a (Hs
patch from Cape Town, has asked per
mission to assemble the other Ba
chiefs with a view of inviting them to
pledge loyalty to the Queen. This is as
sumed tc be a forerunner of a Busuto
movement, and Orange Free State burgh
ers near the Basuto border are said to
be in a state of consternation.
A dispatch from Cape Town announces
that a British force with held guns landed
yesterday at Simonstown and took a
train for the north. The exact destination
has not been revealed.
Symons' Death Reported.
LONDON, Oct. 21.— A late edition of the
Pall Mall Gazette announces the death ol
General Symons, but this report has not
been contirmed.
Sauch.es Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 21.— Jose Sanches.
who pleaded guilty to a charge of petty
larceny for the theft of a revolver from
Dr. D. F. Fox, and who had a prior con
viction of burglary hanging over him,
was to-day sentenced by Judge Hart to
two years' imprisonment in the San
Quentin penitentiary.
Was Disagreeably Surprised.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 21.— A dispatch
from Marysville, Mo., says that Calvin
(."ox, a farmer well on in years, sent a
note to the daughter of George Andrews,
a wealthy farmer, asking that she meet
him in the garden. Andrews met I'ux.
They fought desperately and Cox was
beaten nearly to death.
BRITISH COST OF THE
CAPTURE OF DUNDEE HILL
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The "War Office announces that in the fighting yester
day between Glencoe and Dundee, in Natal, thirty-one non-commissioned
officers and men were killed and 151 wounded. The following is a lisr f
the casualties received from Sir George Stewart White, dated Ladyirmith,
October 21, 4:20 a. m. :
Divisional staff— General Symons, mortally wounded; Colonel C. E. Beck
ett, assistant adjutant general, severely wounded; Major Frank Hammers
ley, department of assistant adjutant general, seriously wounded.
" Brigade staff— Colonel John Scherston. department officer and brigade ma
jor, killed; Captain F. L. Adam, aid-de-camp, seriously wounded.
Leicestershire Regiment— Lieutenant D. W. "Weldon. wounded slightly.
First Battalion Royal Dublin Fusil eers— Lieutenant M. C. B. Barber and
Second Lieutenant A. H. M. Hill, killed: Major W. P. Davidson, wounded-
Captain F. H. B. Connor, wounded, since dead; Captan J. W. Pike, wounded'
Lieutenant C. C. Southey, wounded; Lieutenant H. C. W. Wortham, wounded'
Second Battalion Royal Dublin Fusileers— Captain G. A. Welson, killed;
Captain M. Lowndtis, wounded; Captain A. Dibley, wounded; Lieutenant c!
N. Perring, wounded: Lieutenant C. G. J. Genge, wounded, since dead.
King's Royal Rifles— Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Guning. killed; Captain H
K. Peehell. killed; Lieutenant J. Taylor, killed; Lieutenant R. C. Barnett.
killed; Lieutenant N. J. Hambro, Rilled: Major C. A. T. Doultbee, wounded'
Captain O. S. W. Nugent, wounded: Captain A. R. M. Stuart Wortley,
wounded; Lieutenant F. M. Crum, -wounded; Lieutenant R. Johnstone.'
wounded; Lieutenant G. H. Martin, wounded.
Eighteenth Hussars— Second Lieutenant H. A. Cape, wounded; Second
Lieutenant A. C. McLachlen, wounded; Second Lieutenant E. H. Bayford,
wounded.
The list of officers killed and wounded shows that while the British victory
was complete it was bought at a heavy price. This heavy loss among the
officers was due to their valiant conduct in sticking; to the traditions of the
British army and refusing to use the cover of which the men availed them
selves during the storming of the Boer position. In the rank and file the
Hussars had seven wounded, the artillery one killed and three wounded, the
Leicestershire Regiment one wounded, the King's Rifles eleven killed and
sixty-eight wounded, the Irish Fusileers fourteen killed and thirty wounded.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
] seem to have taken pattern by that
I doughty American, General Otis, in send
; ing out bulletins of victory in which he
I kills off seven times as many Filipinos as
i the whole insurgent army contains,
though he does not dare to go beyond the
vicinity of Manila."
The press censorship instituted In Natal
is characterized as "worse than Russian."
The Government, however, is determined
to preserve its neutrality. Dr. Leyds, the
representative of the Transvaal in Eu
rope was on the point of coming^ to Ber
lin this week to make an attempt to influ
ence Germany's policy. He notified Count
yon Bulow, the German Minister of For
eign Affairs, who, after conferring with
! the Emperor on Tuesday, telegraphed to
I Dr. Leyds a hint that a visit Just now
would be slightly pmbarrassing and that
his purpose would certainly not be fur
thered by it.
It is another question, however, whether
this attitude of strict neutrality is wise.
A member of the Russian Embassy said
to the Associated Press correspondent:
"The steps for the preservation of peace
undertaken by Russia are likely to mis
' carry because Germany just now adheres
:to her Anglophile policy- Germany's at-
I titude alone made Mr. Chamberlain's bold
advance possible. Germany is in a meas
ure responsible for the prospective subjec
tion of the Transvaal. She is on the point
of earning substantial rewards from Eng
land, and not only in Africa, but these
garhs will not counterbalance the losses
she will sustain elsewhere because of her
aid to England. It will be Germany's do
ing if England soon becomes all-powerful
in Africa and Germany will be the first to
feel the consequences."
COUNT VON ZEPPELIN'S
AIRSHIP TO BE TRIED
Inventor Will Attempt Its Initial
Flig-ht Over the Lake of
Constance.
Special Cable to The Call and the New T^rk
Herald. Copyright, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BREGENZ. Lake of Constance. Oct. 21.
—The first trial of the flight of Count yon
Zeppelin's airship will take place at
Friedrichshafer in the next day or two,
as Enon as the meteorological conditions
permit. The day and hour depend on
the disappearance of the fog at present
hanging over the lake. »
Arrangements have boon made with the
L.ike Constance Steamboat Company •■>
have boats in readiness to come to the
assistance of the airship in case an acci
dent should occur. Count yon Zeppelin,
in addition, has chartered a special
steamer to follow the flight of the air
ship over the lake.
D. S. Loomis Dead.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21.— D. S. Loom!?.
a well-known and wealthy sheep owner
of this county, died yesterday at Tehach
api, where he had been staying some time
for his health. He had resided in the val
ley for over thirty years. He was fi4
years of age and died a bachelor. He
will be buried here to-morrow.
Collapse of a Hospital.
HAVANA, Oct. 21.— General Fitzhugh
Lee and E. G. Rathbone. directors of
posts, and Mrs. Ludlow sailed for N< w
York to-day on the steamer Havana.
The hospital at Sagua La Grande col
lapsed to-day, having been undermined by
floods from the recent rains. Of the forty
two inmates four were killed and twenty
seven injured.no_textno_text2
POOLSELLER ACCUSED OF
STEALING ENTRY LISTS
B. W. Cavanagh Claims to Have Detected His
Rival by Placing Fictitious Names on
the Board.
RACn.YMEXTO, Oct. 21.— Sporting circles are considerably agitated here
: :■ ::t whu.-h has made Charley Brown, the promoter of one pool
acern, view with distrust the methods nf a rival establishment
by < ';i\ :.:.'.. >v Co. The particular breach of etiquette of
id its origin in this wise, according to the version
of the Cavanagh faction. Cavanagh gets his list of entries daily by wire
from San Francisco and he pays the Western Union Telegraph Company for
Ise, puttli deposit to atone for any violation of the terms
t\arles Brown al*o conducts poolrooms and he takes bets
on the sam« horses. i );e has been enabled to do so has mystified the
Ince, as they claim, he has no telegraphic facilities.
• tea, it was decided to verify a suspi-
Afanrada, Satsuma, and
with - I to nomenclature Bogus Bill were made to appear
•> in certain runs and the Cavanagh people
In a shiirt time, so it is alleged, these horses appear
and he w - i them. Whenever they
..it;h's customers no tickets were sold on them, so
i :. \\ • result '>;" the trick, so the same authority
When the deception was learned by
: : <:ir and, so it is said, he went to
with the telegraph company against Cav
tig the lists of the^horses for the purpose
m nation pis
s that he has kept entire faith with the tele
t it th<? only object of the trick of his employes was to
to tha manner in which Brown came by his alleged
■
REMOVES DANGER
OF A COLLISION
Alaskan Agreement Puts
an End to Strife.
Special D!si»atch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 21.— United
Stati :s was much in
this morning in a statement
from Washington that a temporary Alas
upon,
sing of a |
to
mporary boun
dary line would said:
"Thi
t -
time ■ . he United States
. Ti:.: portion of ter
ritory where th re h;us been for somo
ilisions bet
tes and th<
liscovery of
within the
I
jion, it be
on might
ects of th;.
Ihe modus
:i the
■■ that all possibility
■
::g the fin t" the per
present line is
the ultimate deter
mination oi ■ .:>•."
MORRIS PARK CLOSES.
Muskadine, at Odds of 20 to 1, Wins
the Handicap.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— This was the last
day of the Westchester racing (fall meet
ing) at Morris Park. The White Plains
and Morris Park handicaps were the fea
tures. In the latter, which was about
two and a quarter miles, Ethelbert was
favorite at 6 to 5, with Ben Holladay sec
ond choice. The winner turned up in
Jluskadine, a 20 to 1 shot, who rated
along in the rear of the bunch until the
6tretch was reached, and, coming through
on the rail, won by three parts of a
length from Ben Holladay, who beat the
favorite a head for the place. King's
Courier won the White Plains handicap
by half a length from the favorite. Brig
adier. Results:
Steeplechase, two and a half Tantrla
won, Phllea second. Cock Robin third. Time,
4:30.
Selling, seven furlongs— All Gold won, Mau
vllla second. Macio Lis?V>t third. Time, 1:18.
White Plains handicap, six furlongs— King's
Courier won, Brigadier second, M<-M->.-kln
third. Time, I:G&Vi.
Morris Park handicap, two and a. quarter
miles— Muskadlne won, Hen Holladay second,
Kthelbm third. Time, 3:574.
Six furlongs — Buffoon won, Alvarado II sec
ond, Stran^ist thtrd. Time, 1:21. i--.-
One mile — Intrusive ■■ on. Box 8»oond, Peep
o' Day third. Time, 1:41.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 21.— Cincinnati
Hotel handicap was the stake feature at
I-atonia to-day and resulted in one of the
greatest finishes seen at the track in
years, the first three horses crossing the
wire under a hard drive heads apart. It
was a battle royal from start to finish.
Kand dOr, the favorite, could not hold
on after rutting out the pace for seven
furlongs and fell back beaten off as the
field neared the winning post. The weight
was too much for him. Frank Thompson,
the winner, was 4 to 1 in the betting anil
was quite liberally supported. Track
heavy; weather fine. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling — Eithelin won. Hop
scotch second, .1 .1 third. Time, l:Z0 l ' 2 .
Five furlongs — Ooonee won. May Ella sec
end. Princess Fedora third. Time, 1:04.
One mile, selling— Zenl won, Billy
House second, Manlius third. Time, 1:42'- 4 .
The Cincinnati Hotel handicap, one anil an
fishth miles— Frank Thompson won, Sir Holla
second, Azurena third. Time, 1:56*4.
Six furlongs, handicap— Unsightly won. Rese
da second, Florlsar third. Time, 1:16.
CHICAGO. Oct. Weather clear; track
fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Jlm Gore II won, Brulare «co
: Alice thlnl. Time, 1:144.
Six and a half furlongs— The Hush won.
■ ■■■■■PMBMB ■■■■■■■■■■■■
I TO SAVE I
: OPIUM :
i VICTIMS. \
' H w 1t Is ar-oomi.iiahed will be seen when a youn* man of this city in the glory '
■ of his regained freedom nobly requests us to publish his statement. ■
B BAN FP.AXdSCO. Cal., Oct. 21. 189». ±
i _ To whom It may concern. ™
Thi» to to certify that
I I AM CURED - I
I Of the Morphine haV.t. I commenced smokine Orium thirteen years agro, and have '
■ VfpA the drui: in one form or an ther ever line*. My ht-alth had gradually declined ■
until about two ■ had an unusually bad attack with my heart and very
mm nearly died. That frightened me and I knew I w.uld not live long without relief from m
■• th« ing. I placed myself under tho skilled treatment of Dr. Geo. W. Williams of ™
Bt Kearny st, on Oct. 10. and in
I 4T HOURS I
I the Doctor cured me. The medicine topt me comfortable the whole time and I have
■I hi whatever for M rjihlne from the fir^t d"pe of the medicine. The cure ■
Is surely a perfect one and sure. I would not be Dtaced where I was two weeks ago
lot md Dollan if I couM not have the Doctor's treatment. X am gaining ■
: Jlesh and Btrtrngth every day and never even think of Ouium. Respectfully i
,_ . ''-• MfKAKLAXD, No. 37 Second Bt.
■ An honest man is grateful and we feel justly pr"ud in publishing this statement D
a:*fc'ument. What better means can there be of finding
n truth than thn jv.:. ! WeiKh the words of this man; they are thunder- m
i 1 Ictlon. What ha« been d^ne for him can be done fur others The terri- ,
affliction is easily cured. ABSOLUTELY the only hope for relief is GI TONG
■ STEM, aa it is the only remedy which goes to the bottom of the trouble and forces ■
out every trace <<t it. The patient can rure himself at home as well as in a sanl- I
mm ta: ...ii!. Ail that i^ aaked i? I ild follow instructions. i
■ or write. Everything strictly confidential. 4 H
I Hours, 10 a. m. to i p. m . and 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. CEO, W. WILLIAMS, T
216 Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal. W
■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■■-■-■-■-■-■-t -■-■-■-■-■
Tumor second. The Monk third. Time,
Five furlong*— Hilo won, Hermoso second,
■ third. Time, 1:00%.
Mile and twenty yards- Mizpah won, Benne-
Uoroni third. Tlmp, 1:40%.
and a quarter miles— Double Pummy
Barataria second. Admetus third. Time",
One mile— Tarpan won. Catastrophe second
I Lker third. Time, 1:41 V
WILL FIGHT SALOONS.
Presbyterian Synod Favors the Anti-
Saloon League.
STOCKTON. Oct. 21.-At the morning
session of the Presbyterian synod to-day
the committee on the San Anselmo Theo
logical Seminary reported plans for rais
: mey to meet the expected deficit in
inds for the support of the lnstltu-
A resolution indorsing the Occident as
the official organ of the synod and pledg-
Bupport for the publication was
adopt! d.
A resolution reviewing the work of the
saloon league and urging the forma
tion of branch leagues In the different
i hurches was adopted after an address uy
Dr. E. S. Chapman ol Oakland. Dr. fhap
man is the organizer of the league in
California. The afternoon session was oc
■ I in routine business, hearing of re
ports, etc.
HEIRS TO A FORTUNE.
Two Brothers at Pacific Beach Re-
ceive a. Handsome Dividend.
SAX DIEGO, Oct. 21.— Dr. John and
Samuel Berkebile, two brothers residing
at Pacific Beach, will receive before the
"her about $100,000, the flr^t In
stallment of a big legacy In which they
were among a number of heirs. It is un
derstood that the total value of the es
sras (30,000,000, and this was derived
from the sale of a large block of land
ed in the business portion of Phila
delphia. The property was in litigation
for several but some time ago was
awarded to the heirs of thr- estate There
are quite a number of beneficiaries and
each will receive about $300,e00. The two
brothers at Pacific Beach have made their
home on a five-acre tract for several
years and lived a very humble and se
cluded life.
Constable Acquitted
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21. - Justice
Henry to-day dismissed the charges
i«alnst Constable L. J. Cotrell and H P
Uanon, his deputy, who had be-n arrest
?d charged with attempt to imirder Ah
Floe, a Chinaman, at Walnut Grove. Th >
trouble arose over raiding a Chinese
gambling game. It was alleged that one
A the officers struck Ah Hoe on the head
.vith a revolver while the Chinaman was
handcuffed. The men were then rear
rested on battery ohare-ps.
Oakland People Sued.
OMAHA. Neb., Oct. 21.— Gilbert B. Gor
lock of Lancaster County, has sued Mar
garet Land and James R. Little of Oak
land, Cal.. for $10,000 damages. He alleges
that the defendants wrote a letter in
which they declared that Gorlock had
abused a demented sister of Mrs. Little
and that the father of the plaintiff had
shot her brother. The complaint was filed
in the Federal court.
Order of Pendo.
The social given by Volunteer Council
In the Alcazar building recently was one
of the most delightful ever given by any
couocU of the order. The large attend
ance was entertained by a programme ot
Instrumental and vocal selections, recita
tions, comicalities and specialties contrib
uted by Mrs. Raton, Mr. Coonley, Miss
Lelpsic of Oakland, Samuel L»evv, Mr.
Hanson, Mr. Aubott and Messrs. M\>oson,
Skeeley and Charles Young. The audi
was also treated to^ an interesting
address on "Fraternal ism* by George K.
Rogers. The affair was so successful that
the council harf decided to have a social
on every second Wednesday .In each
month.
During September six new councils were
organized, 1M applications received and
more than $1200 paid out In sick, accident,
funeral and pension benefits.
Lively work is looked for In San Diego
and Sail Jose councils, as each has ap
plied for a dispensation for reduction of
initiation fee.
Nevada City Council Initiated five can
didates at its last held meeting In Sep
tember and Grass? Valley Council initiated
twelve at a recent meeting.
THE SAIS lEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22. 1899.
Bridge Over the Tugela River at Colenso, Seventeen Miles Below
Ladysmith.
This Important bridge has been threatened by Boers advancing on the road from Van Reenan's Pass, and Is now
guarded by a strong force with artillery- Its loss would cut off the British troops at Ladysmith.
NEW HOME FOR
DEWEY CHOSEN
Admiral Is Well Pleased
With It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.—
Admiral Dewey will be at home next week
in the house presented to him by the
American people. As a result of his in
spection or more than fifty houses the
choice of the admiral has fallen upon the
handsome Fitch residence at 1747 Rhode
Island avenue, Northwest. The Dewey
home fund committee has perfected ar
rangements for the purchase of the house,
and when the check is drawn in favor of
James E. Fitch, a prominent real estate
owner of this city, it will call for the pay
ment to him of practically $50,iXK) f almost
the entire amount of subscriptions re
ceived. In anticipation of occupying the
house on Monday, Admiral Dewey has
bougiit the winter's coal bupply aJid his
marketing.
The admiral Is delighted with his new
home ami took great satisfaction in show
ing it to-day to his intimate friends, li
1b situated in the fashionable section of
Washington, within a square of Secretary
Root's home. Just around the corner on
Connecticut avenue are the British and
Italian embassies and the Brazilian Lega
tion, and only a few doors away on
Rhode Island avenue is the Austro-llun
garian Legation. The Metropolitan Club,
the admiral's lounging place, is only a few
squuies distant, it is altogether a de
lightful neighborhood, and the house is in
ke» ping with it.
Thf house, of brick construction, with
brownstone trimmings, was built twelve
years ago by Mr. Fitch, and has been oc
cupied by him continually, with the excep
tion of the past year, when it was leased
unfurnished to an acquaintance. It has
the frontage, unusually ample for a city
house, of 27 feet, and extends back 72 feet,
with a sweep of apartments that is un
broken from the front to the rear. It com
prises seventeen rooms and four bath
rooms. The iirst floor Is divided into three
large rooms, the parlor, library and dining
room. The parlor is furnished In white
ajid gold, the library is old nnk and the
dining room in mahogany. The rooms are
separated by wide folding doors. The two
upper floors are arranged as sleeping
apartments. There is a back yaru
feet deep which extends to an alley where
there is no building, but the admiral has
made arrangements for purchasing a sta
ble belonging to an adjoining house, in
which he will keep his horses. It is his
intention to devote considerable time to
riding.
The design of the house is quiet, but the
general effect is pleasing and dignified. A
wide plaza lies in front of the house,
formed by the junction of M street and
Rhode Isfand and Connecticut avenues.
The home fund committee has remaining
a couple of thousand dollars which will be
expended in the interior finishings. The
present furniture, with the exception of a
few old pieces, will be kept, it being in ex
cellent condition and pretentious in char
acter. The admiral is very well pleased
with it.
By advice of his physician Admiral
Dewey has canceled hi? proposed trips to
Philadelphia and Atlanta and will accept
no more Invitations before next spring.
RABBIT'S CARCASS
WAS HIS SALVATION
Ten- Year-Old Boy at Chileno Valley
Has a Narrow Escape From
Death.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 21.— Colonel Buirey
of the Marin County Toscin returned
from a professional trip throughout the
upper part of the county to-day and re
lates a thrilling tale, in which a panther
or California lion cuts a prominent fig
ure, and the 10-year-old Bon of Charles Ol
cutt of Chileno Valley took a leading
part.
While hunting on the Walker ranch
ycung Orcutt shot a jarkrabbit and was
tibout to bag his game when a large pan
ther bounded out of the brush and
pounced upon the dead rabbit.
Dropping his shotgun, the boy ran for
home, a half mile distant. The panther
delayed pursuing him to eat the rabbit
ana young Oroutt got near enoufrn to
heme to fall into the company of two
deer hounds belonging to his father. The
panther was then in pursuit, but slunk
avay when the dogs approached.
Pc.nthers seem to be numerous in cer
tain districts of Marin County at present,
as well as bears. A short time ago two
panthers had a terrific combat with a
seallon on Hog Island at the mouth of
Tarnales bay, and dairymen near Camp
Ta>lcr and Tocaloma have recently suf
fered from the depredations of a cinna
mon bear.
SLOT MACHINE TEST CASE.
Contention Made That Stockton Laws
Cannot Be Enforced.
STOCKTON, Oct. 21.— The slot machine
test case -was argued before Judge Jones
this morning on jULbeaa corpus proceed
ing's. The validity of the ordinance was
attacked upon the rather sensational
grounds that the charter of the city of
Stockton does not provide that the city
may fix the penalty of Imprisonment for
tho violation of any of the city ordin
ances. It is the only city charter In the
State that does not contain a clause to
that effect.
This contention came in the nature of
a surprise to both tho court and the at
torneys for the city and Judge Jones in
timated that while the contention might
be well founded public policy would be
better subserved should he decide the
point not well taken.
A decision on tills point favorable to
the contestant would mean that the city
Is without power to fix any penalties
other than a fine or forfeiture for the
violation of any of her laws. The con
tention of defendant's counsel was tb&t
the Legislature has no power by joint
resolution to create a pc-nal offense; that
the city of Stockton has not been given
power through its charter to create a
penal offense, and that if it has the
power it has not taken advantage of it
and made provision for the pun-ishment
by imprisonment of such an offense by
ordinance. The case was submitted this
afternoon and Judge Jones announced
that he would render a decision next
Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
GERMANY PROPOSES
DIVISION OF SAMOA
WASHINGTON, Oct. StL— Propositions
for partitioning the Samoan Islands
among the three powers signatory to the
Berlin tre;ity have not come from tha
United States, as is announced in Berlin,
but from Germany. As stated this morn
ing the negotiations on this point are
only in the preliminary stage and the
policy of this Government has as yet
not been definitely determined. It is ap
parent, however, from what I have been
able to learn that the officials here do not
look unfavorably upon the suggestion
that this Government take Tutuila and
Manua, Germany Upolu and Great
Britain Savaii and Rose Island: though
in return for the withdrawal of the Uni
ted States from Upqlu it is stated that
some further concessions should be made
by Germany.
It ia evident from the feeling in Ger
man diplomatic circles that the German
Government is strongly supporting the
proposition for partitioning the islands,
it iM.-iu^ urged that this is the only solu
tion which will bring about a settled con
dition in the group. This Government is
tired of the constant turmoil prevailing
in the islands, with its constant embar
rassment, and, provided American Inter
ests are duly conserved, it sees no g»od
i for remaining in t'polu. The peo
ple of the Island or' Tutuila are very
friendly to the American republic and are
peaceably tnclin* •!.
ler the direction of Rear Admiral
Bradford of the Bureau of Equipment
i- rable improvements have been
at Pago Pago, and, within a few
munths, an excellent coaling station, nat
urally well protected, will have been es
tablished. The fact of the establishment
of such a station makes the island ihe
natural property of the United States,
and it is this reason which has doubtless
led to the suggestion that the United
■ s occupy Tutuila permanently. It
is understood that like the United States,
Great Britain will claim compensation
from Germany in case it shall be deter
mined that the last-named power shall
take possession of Upolu, in addition to
the island Savaii and the little island
known as Rose Island, which is to the
eastward of Savaii. Just what the char
acter of this compensation will be Is a
matter to be determined when the three
Powers have formally agreed to forever
settle the Samoan question by partition
ing the islands between them.
ANDRADE WILL OFFER
NO MORE RESISTANCE
Deposed President of Venezuela His-
bands the Remaining Govern
ment Troops.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS>99. by James Gor
don Uennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela. Oct. 21.— General
Andrade left La Guayra this morning for
Trinidad. Before departing the President
disbanded the remaining Government
troops, and all fears that he would fur
ther resist General Castro are now set at
rest.
Andrade fled from Caracas to La
Guayra at T> o'clock yesterday afternoon.
It was then understood to be his pur
pose tn ko m Maracalbo and re-establish
his Government there.
The acting President requested United
E Minister I.oomis, a* dean of the.
diplomatic corps, to take measures to pre
vent General Andrade leaving La Guayra
With naval vessels and a large supply of
an. munition. Minister Loomis, however,
declined to interfere.
PRISON DIRECTORS MEET.
Bids for the New Sewer System
Opened but No Award Made.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— At to-day's
meeting of the Prison Directors at Fol
som it was decided to authorize the prison
Wardens to have all convicts vaccinated.
as required by the State Board of Health.
Paul Bunker reported that he had ex
perted the Folsom prison books and found
them correct and the proper money In
bank.
The credits of Convicts G. H. Clark and
F. G. Pederas were stricken off for having
opium in the prison. The former lost
three and a half years and the .latter live
and a half years.
The bids for the new sewer plant were:
R. H. Worthington, $10,056; \V. T. Garratt
& Co., $12,850; Hensbaw, Buckley & Co..
$14,050; Krogh Manufacturing Company.
$14,757; Byron Jackson Manufacturing-
Company, $9010, all of San Francisco, and
American Sewage Disposal Company of
Boston. $15,000. 'Each submitted a differ
ent plan.
Directors Hayes and Fitzgerald were
authorized to engage a consulting en
gineer and report on the adaptability of
the various plans. They will then be sub
mitted to the State examiners and Board
of Health.
NEEDS OF THE ARMY.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2L— Major Gene
ral Miles, commanding the army, has sub
mitted to the Secretary of War his an
nual report on the condition and needs of
thf army. The report is very briei and
rather formal. It does not deal with thd
military situation in the Philippines be
yond submitting the various reports of
officers tor warded to the commanding
general.
General Miles leaves to-day, accom
panied by Colonel Micheler of his staff,
for an extended tour of Inspection of the
West. Northwest and Southwest. He will
gx> first to Chicago and thence to Omaha,
along the Northerp Pacific as far West as
S< attle aii<l Portland, thence to San Fran
cisco and back by way of San Antonio and
New Orleans.
Murdered at Tucson.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Oct. 21.— Ex-Deputy
Tnited States Marshal Al Ezekiels this
afternoon shot and killed C. C. Rasmus
yen, a carpenter. The cause assigned for
the tragedy is that the deceased evicted
Ezekiel a wife from the house leased to
them during the husband's absence.
Passed Bad Money.
FRESNO, Oct. 21.— P. A. Tomer was
held to answer by United States Commis
sioner Prince in $6000 bail for passing
bogus dollars. He was arrested at Han
ford. Kings County, where he passed
coins on circus sideshows last Wednes
day.
SMITH WITS
NEW CANDIDATES
Plan to Solve the Sen
atorial Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21.-The Morning
Echo, Senator Smith's paper, on the sub
ject of the Senatorial question and call
ing an extra session of Legislature, will
say this morning, after some prelimi
naries:
Something must be done, to our mind. The
first thing is to clear the field of all candidates
who, up to the close ot" the legislative session,
wore being pressed for the place. If there is
an i-xtra session, and Mr. Grant's friends re
main faithful to him, they can expect nothing
lesfl from the adherents of Mr. Burns or Gen
eral Barnes, and vice versa. For more than
two months every effort was made to get ad
herents of these candidates to go over to the
standards of others, but scarcely a man moved.
What hope Is there that they would do so now?
But if all these candidates will withdraw, If
they will sacrifice "lor the present, at least,"
their personal ambitions for the good of the
country. State and party, this matter can be
settled In short order. Or, if any or all of
these candidates decline to retire, the members
ot th,» Legislature can accomplish the same
thing hy agreeing to withdraw their respective
allegiances on condition that all the others do
the same. By either route the same end will
be reached, namely, a new field with a chance
for new leaders. This is a course which will
tall for sacrifices on the part of former can
didates and members of the Legislature, but
as some must forego their preferences why
should not all do so and start again on an
equal footing?
The fairness of this proposition Is made clear
by remembering that none of the candidates be
came such in response to a demand from the
people. If our memnry serves us aright not a
county or district Instructed its nominee for
the Legislative office to support either Grant,
Barnes. Scott or Burns, tyrant and General
Barn<?6 announced their candidacy before elec
tion, and to th^e extent of their votes may
be said to have received some indorsement by
the people; but neither Scott nor Colonel Burns
caji claim that much. Pn It may be said that
all, practically, were self-made candidates— a
fact not to their discredit, but one which, at
this time, loosens their grip upon the honor.
The sacrifice will not be altogether on can
didates. ManY of the members of the Legis
lature and many citizens in private liiV will
feel keen disappointment attendant upon the
withdrawal of their favorite. But, as before
stated, the situation demands sacrifices, and
equity calls for equal sacrifices all along the
line.
If th? foregoing plans should be adopted and
acted ucon there is no reason to doubt that a
Senator would be elected without delay That
result would have followed during the" regular
session if the decks could have been cleared.
No bad feeling or prejudices would be engen
dered between the members of the Legisla
ture and they could sit down to a solution oi
the question with ease and good feeling. Un
der such circumstances the Govornor should,
call an extra session. He acts wisely In no*
calling it till he is well assured that an elec
tion will »peedlly follow.
SKIRMISH WITH YAQUIS.
ORTIZ, State of Sonora, Mexico, Oct. |
21.— The large force of troops commanded ;
by General Torres has advanced toward j
Bahuarlpa during the past week. A num- |
ber of skirmishes have taken place be- !
tween scouting parties and small bands '
of Yaqui Indians, but no report is made i
of the number of casualties. It is thought
frtta this that the main troops suffered
no losses.
The Indians still retain their strong po- <
sltion near Sahuaripa and are evidently !
prepared for the attack by General '
Torres' forces, which will probably be !
made next week. It is reported that one
regiment of reinforcements ha*s arrived
at the mouth of the Yaqui River from |
Mazatlan and that they will be marched ;
overland to join General Torres' men.
Good Strike of Oil.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Oct. 21.— 0il has
heen found in such Quantities on the ranch
of A. B. Hasbrock, southeast of this city,
near the Huasna country, that capitalists'
have associated themselves with the own
er of the property and steps have be^n
taken to begin operations on an extensive
scale. The surface indications are that I
there is almost an Inexhaustible supply of
the petroleum. The necessary machinery j
is now on the road froni Los Angeles and
will bo erected without delay.
Carter Will Appeal.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— 1t was decided
to-day by the attorneys of ex-Captain O.
M. Carter to appeal from the decision of
Judge Lacombe in dismissing the writ of
habeas corpus. The petition for appeal
has already been drawn and will be pre
sented to the court on Monday, when the
order of Judge Lacombe is to be linally
recorded.
The Marblehead Delayed.
VALLEJO. Oct. 21.— The cruiser Marble
head will not depart fur Costa Rica for
several days. Her sailing was delayed by
a telegraphic order received from the
commandant at Mare Island Navy Yard,
which instructed her to wait for more
marines.
Child Drinks Poison.
REEDLEY, Oct. 21.-The two-year-old
daughter of Fred D. Smartt obtained a
phial of carbolic acid last night and
swallowed the contents. She died in
agony in less than one hour. Coroner
Long will hold an inquest.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. 25c. AH druggists*
44 Take Time by
The Forelock/
ttm'f tvait until sickness overtakes you.
When that tired feeling, the first rheu-
matic pain, the first ivarnings of impure
blood are manifest, take Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla and you <will rescue your health and
probably save a serious sickness. <Be Sure
to get Hood's, because
SAMOAN QUESTION
YET TO THE FORE
Claims the Attention of
Germany. .
♦ — - - . '. ■*_
CHANGE MUST BE MADE
♦ ■ ••'■*•.
THE PRESENT CONDITIONS DE
CLABED UNTENABLE.
♦
Press of the Empire Excited Over the
Intimation That Germany
May Withdraw From the
• Islands.
Copyrighted, 1539, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 21.— The public really
has been more interested this week in the
Samoan question than in the war. The
interest taken in these small islands re
vives at the slightest bit of m\vs of an
insignificant change in the situation, and
the papers have devoted a great amount
of space to the subject.
Tho correspondent of the Associated
Press saw Baron yon Sternberg ■•:;
Wednesday and understands that there
is no doubt that the negotiations pending
will soon lead to a satisfactory settle
ment. The correspondent also learns
from the Foreign Office that the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, Count yon Buelow,
adheres to his determination to secure
for Germany the islands, or the most
valuable part of them. The informant of
the correspondent added that in ho
out for this the Minister was mainly !'■:
lowing the almost unanimously expn
demands of the public. But, it is added,
it must not be understood that he would
not sanction, if the present wish wei •
found to be unrealizable, some other rea
son.
Andrew D. White, the United States
Embassador, tells the correspondent that
the full report of the great commit sii. a
shows that the present status of the isl
ands is untenable for any length of time,
though satisfactory at present. The ne
gotiations are only in their initial stage,
and months probably will be required to
bring about a satisfactory solution. The
three Governments are showing the best
spirit and no serious differences have yet
arisen. The solutions mentioned as feas
ible are the partition of the islands or the
retirement of either Great Britain or Ger
raany, with adequate compensation else
where.
The entire German press is greatly ex
cited at the mere mention of the possi
bility of Germany's retirement from Sa
moa and a number of the influential
papers are fairly in a rage, declaring it
is a point of honor for Germany t" hold
her ground and not yield up her i
1.. -ither Great Britain or the United
Btstes.
Emperor William's trio to Hamburg on
Weinesday sho.v.-i !mw popular he is
there. During his drive in the eveulng
through the streets he was enthusiast
ically greeted by enormous crowds of
pc >ple. His speech at the dinner is re
garded as belns one of the ilnest and
most powerful efforts of his Majesty.
and the impression it made can hardly
be overestimated. It will enormously
stimulate public sentiment in favor of a
big navy, which was doubtless the pur
if the speech, and it is expected an
other naval bill will soon be presented in
the Reichstag.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns what quite escaned the pub
lic, that the Emperor also made a brief
address to the crew and officers of the
Gorman warship Falke. recently in Sa
moan waters, in which his Majesty
praised their devotion to duty, and added:
"Lot us hope that the day may not be
distant when Germany will have larger,
more powerful ships and more of them
to send out on the far seas for the pro
tection of her interests and that all other
nations will respect her just wishes and
rights."
The Cologne Gazette publishes the ad
vertisement of a big manufacturer for
people to join him in importing China
men as servants and factory hands.
Madame Rejane is to play at the Royal
Theater on October 27, on the personal in
vitation of the Emperor.
Professor Sears of the University of
California is here studying astronomy.
Mr. and Mrs. James O. Griffin of lie
land Stanford University are here for the
winter.
If we only said one-half of the witty
things that on reflection we feel we might
and ouerht to have said what clever fel
lows we should be!
WE ARE
NOW BORING
FOR OIL!
If a company Is operating fn a
proven oil district — where oil wells
exist— and there are many wells ad-
joining its property, don't you
think these facts the best of evi-
dence that the company's chances
for "striking oil" are most excel-
lent?
These are claims on which this
company hope to interest intending
investors in oil stock; Lot us
prove to you that our claims are
true. We are now boring our first
well and stock will be sold until
further notice at $1 00 per share.
Don't wait until "we strike oil;"
but commence your investigations
at once. Bulletins received daily
from the famous Kern River dis-
trict. Pamphlets and maps are
free.
SAN JOAQUIN
Oil and Development Co.,
88 CROCKER BUILDING.
Open evenings from 7 to S o'clock.
The Catholic News
3 Months for 10 Cents.
FOURTEENTH YEAR.
THIS GREAT FAMILY PAPER
CONTAINS EVERY WEEK:
All the News of the Catholic World.
Fashions and Woman's Page.
Children's Page.
One Continued Story. ;'"..'•
Five Minute Sermon by Paullst Fathers.
Special Articles of Rare Interest.
Illustrations by Special Artists.
The News of the World Condensed.
Editorials on Timely Topics.
News and Information for Merrjbers of
the League of the Sacred heart.
7f\ Columns rv . , T ITT -, rv .,-. Q Complete
*Vf Rp;,din , INCLUDING O Short Stories.
The CATHOLIC NEWS will be mailed
every weeK for the next three months to
any address on recept of 10 cents In sliver
or postage startups. •
The regular subscription price Is $1 per year.
It Is offered on trial for so small a sura of
money simply to Introduce it. Address
The Catholic INe»\A^s,
5 Barclay St.. New York; City.
Or. R. L. Walsh,
/or^P\aJiuij«i V Jl5V 4 GEARY .ST.. bet.
1% i'rrT«Vi.i<ri,i|-,ii "^ Hyie and Parkin.
'Jte "^lsSf^^Sy Painless Extraction..
[ft. ■ = "*~T Crowns $U.O(»
Hi/ I- T lot, MiV Flesh-colored Plates.
1J55.00
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
, this branch of dentistry. No students. W
; yean' exp«rteno*. • .
, T}T"*TTOTJI7 0 FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjK IJSH i^ kb ers, bootblacks, bath-
«llUUll«»'_ billiard tables.
brewers. . bookbinders. /"^y-J""^^;. 01 "":"'
dyem. Hour mills, foundries, laundries paper-
iiansers, printers, painters, shoe factorl...
-*-* ISDSSASAirBS&a! 110 * tto -
I Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
"The Supreme Novelist of the Cen-
tury . . . in his splendid
solitude.' ',.
BALZAC
Absolutely the ONLY complete translation
" IN THE WORLD. fy££-
• M. W. Hazeltine in the New York Sun
says:
"ADMIRABLY PRINTED AND IL-
LUSTRATED. BARRIE & SON'S Edi-
tion is NEITHER ABRIDGED NOR EX-
PURGATED, and is the only ENGLISH
VERSION which may claim to present
EVERYTHING contained In the EDI-
TION DEFINITIVE brought out in
Paris."
THE ONLY COMPLETE EDITION.
"A Gentleman in Tacoma writes to
Inquire whether there is any English
translation of Balzac that is complete -^
and unexpurgated. "We reply that
there is only one such translation, and
that is published by Messrs. George
Barrie & Son, of Philadelphia."
—The Bookman, Oct. 1899.
"There Is only one way to understand
Balzac, and that is to read his works and
to read them consecutively. • *,'■* He
himself indicated this when he arranged
his Edition Definitive."— In-
quirer.
The BARRIE editions of Balzac are ad-
mittedly the BEST examples of book-
making issued, and have NO EQUAL in
the world.
The TEXT is printed on paper of super-
fine quality from type made especially for
these editions.
Etchings, printed on Japan paper by
FAIVRE. LOS RIOS, OUDART, LE SEUER.
JEANXIN, DEBLOIS. NASGEOT.
MONGIN", GAUJEAN.
DECIST, Etc.
After drawings by
ADRIEN-MOREAU. TOUDOUZE, CORTAZZO,
ROBAUDI. VIDAL. FOURNIER.
CAIN. BUSSIEBE. Etc.
The plates, prepared especially for these -i
editions by the best French water-color
painters : (the most capable of illustrating
Balzac), are unequaled; they are printed
on Japan paper of best quality in the
highest style of art, and are liberally dis-
tributed through the pages.
Full information, specimen pages, etch-
ings, prices, etc., will be promptly fur-
nished by the publishers.
GEORGE BARRIE & SON,
1313 Walnut street, Philadelphia.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Card * Kt^^^^^^k
Booklet
Sent Free /— — ~~A 0«(J QQ
Money Back If \ gffggjft^.tfc'^ggyj ™ ' "™"
youdon-tlikelt gP^lj PER CAL.
7I0 " 716 fe^^^c^ Market St.
Broadway v~~!~~!!!£h> • San
Oakland **!i=lg§!g!gg±g* Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the-
BUSWELL PAINTS V
SEND DIRECT TO US
ACETYLENE GAS,
Be Inderiendent of Gas and Electric Light
corporations and own your own lighting plant.
The NATIONAL generator does not have to be
cared for oftener than once in 15 days. It is
positively safe and is recommended by all In-
surance Boards. We light residences, churches,
stores, factories and towns at 40 per cent less
than other systems with double the Illumina-
tion. To responsible parties will ship machines
on thirty days' trial.
Send for free booklet on Acetylene Gaa. W«
.want good agents.
NATIONAL ACETYLENE GAS CO.,
;:- . Buffalo, N. T.
At Auction*
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY .. . OCTOBER 24, 1899,
' ■•.-•'. AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
! At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
: • ' BUSINESS PROPERTY.
I North side (No. 626) Sacramento St., 213:10
■ 'east of'Kearny; 2-story brick and Iron building.
j store and flat: lot 20x59:».
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
North side (Nos. 212-214) Frederick st., 135
I feet west of Ashbury: 2 elegant flats of 6 and $*
I rooms and bath: all modern improvements; lot
I 2;x116:6.
SOUTH-OF-MARKET INVESTMENT.
I South side (No* Ml, 6SU4. 6SIVi) Clementina
st 100 feet east of Eighth; lo.t 25x77: 8 flats ot
I 4 roods; rents $21; near new Postofflce.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
I South side (Nos. 427 to 431) O'F&rrell «t-.
i 195-3 west of Taylor: 2 large, elegant house of
I 14 and 10 rooms each and 2 rear houses of 5
rooms each; lot .'>7:'.'xl37;6.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1071) Page St., 107:6 east of
BroderK-k: elegant modern residence of 10 rooms
and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 30x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT..
Southeast corner of Laguna st. and • Myrt! I
aye; lot 2. r »x62:6i sunny corner: fine site for
residence or flats.
ALAMO-SQUARE INVESTMENT. : . •'-
West tide (Nos. Sll-Sl3) Scott St.. 102 feet 4
north of Fulton: lot 35:6x125; 2 large, modern
houses of 12 rooms each; rent $80 per month.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 3340) Clay st., 10S:2 east o!
Walnut; large, magnificent residence of .12
rooms and hath, billiard-room, etc.; modern In
detail; lot 27:6x137:6.
HAIGHT-STREET LOT.
South side of Haight st.. 15") feet west of
Broderick; a good site for flats or residence- lot
25x1*0; 1 block from Park.
FORCED SALE.
■ 1 South line Point Lobos aye.. 60 feet east of
First aye. ; large business lot, 29x100. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
■ Auctioneers, 63S Market st.
4T"J '61 Tv 0 The p«cui)«r
THE HOWIE REMEDY us gSJSZ
I for FEMALE COMPLAINTS £vi * Zy
to wroaf:. For all these pains. ailments and difficulties no
remedy on earth C, nn Di«% Ea»ily applied. Relieve*
equal. famous 3anO-KIO oil uterine paln» In
#J1 l| 'VJH!?tii 10 minute*. Promptly relieve* Heartache,
?v*SJ2V,. Nauiei, Blond and Bladder Troubles. FamtneM,
Hk?99B Nervousness, f'c»r and Despondency. Cure*
Cl» T*s^ Clerin* Complaints, Backache, Bearing Down
'V-i5- rcw Pains and all Female Disorders. Run*
3^*"*;«ft Uh«-«S-.reiif!» Uli-cr.rioiK. <'In-iT»/^r7\
J^jT ... spirits and Vitalize* the wholtcS 1 IJ|
M 1 J^jt^*S >"""• -Safe. Sure : md Absolutely VfftjT
' '**«SF UarmlcM. Oue SO cent box will
complete a cure in ordtuary cases.
STfIPS All PAIN s<iLD " v ALL nnucoisTs.
0 I UlO ALL I Alii or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN Id MINI) 1 The^PerfcctoCa. Caxton BMc. Chirac* _>
8 A&. in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
tally Call $1,00 BerYearPATTSON A CO.'S TWO STORES. £
l\ vh onrn 1 1 m r
| l^p^ a^So Middy Suits-$2.45
S We war)t to maKe the Boys'
| Department t^e bargaiQ ceQter
| for n)others. If values count
1 we will capture the town.
<$ These are stylish suits made of the best fabrics, Including
2 Cheviots. Serges and Tweeds in plain colors, fancy chec!\s
9 and r^ixturcs.
% The Vestee and Sailor Suits are Jaunty, with large collars
© 'and 1 neat trin)mings.
l J y The Double-Breasted Suits are matchless in style and
finish, and will give extra service and satisfaction.
I $3.50 and $4.00 SUITS $2.45.
©
c .
1 PAOSWI CO.,
% "WORLD BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS,"
© 913-922 MARKET STREET, I 200-204 KEARNY STREET,
| Opposite the Emporium. ' Northeast co r. Sutter.
TRUE SPORTSMAN
IS SIR THOMAS
Soys the Shamrock Was
Outclassed.
: Dispatch to TTie Call.
< »ct. 21.— Sandy Hook
hting inter
erted
rs and
■ ■
which
■
■
■■ • • ■ Si itue of I-.il>
'•> go into
morrow, there to be
j DEAFNESS AND i
I CATARRH CURED I
1 IN ALL ITS FORMS, j
'MLSO
5., Asthma, Chronic Bronchial !
2 rouble, Chronic Stomach I
i Trouble, Chronic Kidney H
i Disease, Chronic Rheuma- g
I tism. Affections of the Skin, |
p Diseases of Blood, Diseases |
I of Nervous System. 3
if__ |
j J.L — -."';?* " M ''■ — j — '•■ -i'vft;., ' 1^ gj
j ATKINS. BOS GREENWICH |
J Ftraet, city, cured of Chronic Catarrh of M
3 the Kars, Nose and Throat, accompa- H
R nie<! by severe headaches and pains In X
& the ears. ej
1 The following is from Miss Bolte. X
i who conducts a young ladies' day and C
» boarding school at No. 2318 California fc
5 stre*<, city: U
DR. FLECKENSTEIX, Parrott g
% "br-iiiii'-riK. city— Doctor: How o«n G
J I thaci j^ju for what you are (loins for P
j me? My hearing Is improving bo rap- B
C idly that everybody connected with the Bj
ii tcbool notices the Improvement from E;
I day to day. For twenty-six years I a
; have steadily prown harder of hearing:, W
■ and wh"ji 1 consulted you a few weeks E
* ago I \\-as almost totally deaf. I had w
doctored continually for twenty-«ix Kj
3 year* Romo tor* said the general X
t Ftate of ir.y health was at fault. I B
I tried ail lma^rlnnMe remedies. I tried Q
I change of climate, change of food, hot H
'■ balhH. cold baths, horseback riding and H
[ walking. My )i<>altli improved and my ra
\ dear.i"t-s Increased. After only three H
a weeks' treatment at your institute I §8
£ acccnipanled some pupils to the theater. H
« and. to my grf-at ; slight I found that fj
f I could h«-ar every word. The benefit Si
; your treatment he-stows on me is al- g]
?. ready making itself felt In my school, N
< and is surely ni;j.klr.p a new woman of W
j me. lam gratfful to you beyond any- M
thlng worts can express. Wishing you H
31 everj' BUcoewi, lam respectfully yours. W
v JEAXNB BOI>TE. H
J G*r (%ITt a TlKnth '« the total expense B3
1 VI Illl' ""r-atment for any ronlo B
i UUlUU allmi>m "' malady, and In- W
; eludes all medicines and ap- m
a pllsnces ami our ronstant care and at- H
i tentior. TJntil cur»<l. fk
PATIKNTB LIVING AT A DIS- I
5 TANCE can be iuccessfully treated by I
i the aid of Dr. Fleck^nstein's symptom p
J blanks; patients' record sheets Bent r
j free on application. g
1 CONSULTATION FREE. I
i It will cost you nothing to write or f
3 call 01 us and have a diagnosis made of E
r your cnjje, an honest opinion what can E
| be (lone for it, and if curable how long I
it will take.
1 THE FLECKENSTEIN
i MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 1
:| EMPORIUM BUILDING. |]
| 825 and 855 Market Street, 1
a Rooms 515-316. Fifth Floor ii!
g Office Hours: From 9a.m.t012 m; E9
* from 1 to sp. m. ; evenings, Tuesdays M
S and Fridays; Sundays, from 10 a. m to O
! 12 m. " |3
stripped and receive her jury rig for her
trip back to Glasgow, about a week
hence.
Early in the forenoon the victorious !
Columbia was towed to Tompklnsville
and at 11 o'clock she was taken in tow l
■•■ Corsair and hauled up the
River to New R< chelle, th< re
stripped and laid up In tne near future.
No victorious yacht ever received such j
a demonstration as did the Columbia as I
she passed up the harbor. Evei
that had steam, every vessel that had a :
• tinted her from the Battery to Har
lem nnd to New Rochelle. The tender
St. Michaels, which accompanied the
yacht, also came in for her share of ap
plause.
Chomas Upton, when seen on board
Irin. said:
"I hope to remain h<TA for a week or
: ".riii£ Which time I shall visif
;o. I have not attempted to do any
business since my arrival, having given I
all my time to the Shamrock. You I
not believe it. but 1 have more than two
hundn which simply
had to wait until these races were over.
I have nothing to say cdncerninß the re
sult of the ra< • ■; >•>;,-, pt that my boat was •
ough and that she was fairly
ely beaten. The Columbia is a
•i'u! yacht and 1 have been more i
than fairly treated by my competitors." I
CIRCLES
THE TRACK
IN 2:04
John R. Gentry Lowers the
Coast Record at Los
Angeles.
Special Dispar.-h to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 21.— excite-,
ment of horse racing has "caught on" in
Los Angeles. When the bell rang this
afternoon, calling the horses for the first
race at Agricultural Park, 16,000 persona
were in attendance and a better natured
crowd never assembled on any track.
The weather was perfect, the track was
in excellent condition and the card fur
nished by the District Agricultural Asso
ciation Nib. 6 for Its first meeting this
season received deserved appreciation.
The feature of the day's sport was the
: free-for all pace, for a purse of $800u, the
■ gi.-ints of the pacing turf, Joe Patchen,
; John R. Gentry and Anaconda, being the
contestants. The race was for the best
i two in three heats. Patchen was the fa
vorite, but he finished no better than a
close third in each heat, both of which
were won by John K. Gentry in 2:05 and
2:04, respectively. This breaks the coast
record of 2:07, made by Sllkwood at Santa
Ana.
in the first heat Anaconda led from the
1 start to the stretch, Patchen being a
close second, with Gentry at his wheel:
Down the stretch Andrews urged Gentry
ahead and he finished the race a necK
ahead of Anaconda, Patchen being a
; sulky's length behind Anaconda. The
iiuurter in this heat was paced in 31% sec
onds, the half in l:02& the three-quarters
in 1:36 and the mile in 2:05.
In the second heat Gentry led from start
to nnish. Anaconda occupied second place
throughout and Patchen brougnt up in
the rear. It was a pretty contest and
appeared to be anybody's race, so close
were the horses bunched, but the sensa
tional spurt was maintained to the wire
and the great Bon of Ashland \Vilkes cut
another notch in his sulky. The time at
the quarter was 31%; at the half. 1:01%, at
the three-quarters 1:33% and the finish
In t A*. 2:20 class P ace Martha Whips, a
prohibitive favorite, won in straight
heats.
Judging from the odds, Burmah was
looked upon as the "lobster" In the hurdle
handicap, but ho won easily from P F
and Rossmore.
In the six-furlong event there were
twelve entries. In coming down the back
etretch three Jockeys were thrown, "Willis
on Beaumonde receiving serious Injuries
about the head. The other two jockeys
escaped with a severe shaking up.
The last race was run in comparative
darkness, Pictou, a long shot, yetting
tirst money. Results: ,
Facing. 2:20 class; purse $1000.
Martha Whips 11l
Irvington Boy 2 2 2
Wapello 3 J 3
Time— 2:l9%, 2:18',;. 2:1514.
Hurdle handicap; purse $300.
Burmah. 133 (Mattler), 2 to 1 i
P F, 136 (Cairns), 3 to 6 ' " 2
Rossmore, 130 (Duffy), 3 to 2 '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 3 <
Time— 2:o9H.
Free for all. two in three; purse $S<XXX
Jchn R. Gentry (Andrews) x j
Anaconda (Keating) j 2
Joe Patcben (Dickinson) 3 3
Time— 2:os, 2:04.
Running-One mile.
Hacienda, 99 (Joe Weber). 4 to 1 1
Alarla, 98 (Fauntleroy), 7 to 6 2
Correct, 90 (See). 4 to 1 3
Time— l:4l.
Kile Wood. Hey del Sail Juan and Pine also j
ran.
Running— Six furlongs ; selling.
Glbbettlflibbet. 109 (Joe Weber), 3 to 1 1
Jerid, 107 (Enos), even • 2
Patriarch, 109 (Fuentz), 4 to 1 f. 8
Time— l:l4%.
Beau Monda, Son Augustine, Sea Spray.
Stromo, Miss Daly, Purnlah, Graclas and
Somla also ran.
Running— furlongs; purse $150.
Pietou. IC3 (Grace). 10 to 1......... ; 1
Tagalogr. 108. (Duffy), 2 to 1.... .2
Summer, 111 (Enos), 8 to 2 3
Time— l:o3.
Steel Diamond. Frank Klthrey, Cue. Pldalia,
Cowboy, Leander and Proclamation also ran.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
FILIPINOS IGNORE
A WHITE FLAG
Fire Upon an American
Boat's Crew.
♦
LANDING NON-COMBATANTS
♦
ONE OF THE SEAMEN TAKEIJ
PRISONER.
Three of His Comrades Wounded in
an Unsuccessful Attempt
to Effect His
Rescue.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— The secretary
of the Navy received the following from
Admiral Watson at Manila to-day:
"On October 16 the insurgents surprised
a bum's cri W of four men from the gun
boat Mariveles, who, under a white flag,
wore landing non-combatants from the
captured proa at Sicogol Island. William
Barraschka, boatswain's mate, first class,
was captured. An armed crew of ten at
tempted his rescue unsuccessfully. Sydney
N. Hoar, landsman, was fatally wounded;
Frederick Anderson, apprentice, first
class, severely wounded in the groin, and
Nicholas Farre, cockswain, wounded m
the lefi leg. The Concord and Mariveles
will punish if possible."
General Otis has notified the War De
partmenl of the arrival at Manila of the
transports Sheridan and George W. Elder.
The former carried the Thirtieth Volun
- and some recruits. The latter had
on board nineteen officers and 388 enlisted
men. There were no casualties on either
Bill p.
PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
TO MEET M'KINLEY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Arrangements
have been perfected by the State Depart
ment for a meeting of the Philippine com
mission on either Monday or Tuesday, in
Washington. A telegram received by Sec
retary Hay announces thai Colonel Denby
and Professor Worcester will reach this
<ity on Monday. -Mr. Bchurman, the pres-
Ident of the commission, has been direct
ed to come and meet his colleagues and
tary 1.",!^ lias given orders t" Ad
miral Dewey assigning him to special
duty in connection with tne commission.
The only absentee, therefore, will be Gen
eral Otis, who has confided his views to
his associates and who doubtless will be
frequentlj communicated with by cable,
it Is expected the President will see
Colonel Denby and Professor Worcester
Immediately upon their arrival and learn
thecondition of affairs at the timeof their
departure. Of course cable advices have
been received, but they do not show that
important change in the situation
has taken place since the departure of
the two commissioners, with the execution
of the new military move made by Gen
eral Otis. Therefore, the news that Colo
nel I>et,by and Professor Worcester
brought will be fresh and doubtless will
be useful In connection with the work of
the commission.
The commission will recommend the
charai ivernment for the several
tribes in the archipelago and will report
exhaustively upon the sociological, indus
• 'inic conditions prevailing
on the islands. The views of the com
mission will be useful to the President in
•reparation of his forthcoming mes
sage.
Admiral Dewey believes that the cam
paign which General Otis has begun north
nila win surely crush the insurrec
tion, ther officials are especially
pleased with the policy of establishing
garrisons, which General Otis has b^gun
;.: San Isidro. As understood by the War
Department al! important points here
after occupied will be garrisoned and the
ry in the immediate neighborhood
provided with p< rmanent protection so
the natives can return undisturbed
.lr usual avocations. The execution
: li a policy will, the officials believe.
• an Important effect upon the Fili
pinos and will aid in bringing the revolt
to an ■
FILIPINO CHURCHES
HAVE NOT BEEN LOOTED
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Father W. D.
McKlnnon, chaplain of the First Califor
nia Yoiunt<?<-r.e, who was with his r<*»d-
Bixteen months in the Philippines.
railed at the White House to-daj and
had ;i short talk with the President When
asked concerning the Btorles of <hurr-h de
tion In the Philippine?. Fattier Mc-
Klnnon said that the stories attribmlnp
this to American soldiers were entirely
unfounded.
"It i^ true," said he, "that a pootl many
churches have been looted and stripped.
bui this bas been the work of <""hlnamen
in nearly every rase. The looting has
usually been between the evacuation of a
town by the rebels,and tlie entry of the
American forces."
Chappell Confers With McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21.— Archbishop
Chappell of New Orleans, apostolic dele
to the Philippines, was at th.- White
House to-day and hud a long talk with
the President on the situation in the Phil
ippines. He will remain in Washington a
few (lays. Another Important question
that will develop during the Archbishop's
visit here will be the future of the Cath
olic church in Cuba.
Supplies for San Isidro.
MANILA, lu-x. 21— I^awton's column is
ilishing a base at Ran Isidro
[^aunches and cascos navigate the shal
low Rio Grande with considerable difficul
ty, but supplies have been landed in the
vicinity to be transported overland.
En Route to San Francisco.
ST. 1..0U15, Oct. 21.— The third battalion
of tho Thirty-eighth Volunteer? left Jef
ferson Barracks to-day for the Philippines
via San Francipco. Colonel Anderson and
staff accompanied the battalion. Tlio first
and second battalions Btarted yesterday.
NO OFFERS MADE FOR
AGRICULTURAL PARK
Futurity Stake to Be Changed to a
Stallion Nomination Stake
Open to All.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21.— A meeting of
the directors of the State Board of Agri
culture was held to-day, when a state
ment of the financial condition of affairs
vras submit toil, it showed a very ploas
ii's; result, owing to the groat success of
tho late State Fair. Bills amounting to
$11,000 were audited.
The committee on the sale of Agricul
tural Park reported thnt it had been un
able to get ft satisfactory bid for the
property, or to get an offer to exchange
a new Bite for the present one. The rec
ommendation was made thai the old park
be use* until :i satisfactory offer is ob
tained, and the probabilities are that the
society v.- ill continue to use the present
park for some time to come.
The directors decided to change the
Futurity stake heretofore offered by the
society to a stallion nomination stake,
open to all stallions. Nominations are to
be made before January 1, 1900. The
produce of mares bred in ISX9 are eligible
and must be named before January 1,
ISOL The colts are to race as two-year
olds at the fair in 1902. This is expected
to be one of the richest stakes ever run
in California, and a number of nomina
tions by Eastern breeders will be made.
CHINAMAN MURDERED.
Had Trouble With His Partner Over
a Woman.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 21.— Gee Duck, a
well-to-do merchant of new Chinatown,
was shot and killed here this afternoon by
an alleged partner, who at once disap
peared. The killing: took place on the
Street in front of Duck's store. Two shots
were fired. Last night the two men had a
row over Duck's wife, and to-day's killing
was the culmination of the trouble. Duck
was unarmed. Officers have been unable
to get any trace of the murderer, whose
name is given as Gee Buck.
DR. HYDE DIES AT
HIS HONOLULU HOME
Passing of the Ecclesiastic Who Assailed
the Memory of the Late Father
Damien.
THE LATE CHARLES McEWEN HYDE.
HONOLULU, Oct 14.— Rev. Charles McEwen Hyde, D.D., died at 8:30 o'clock
lust evening. II" was the son of Joseph Hyde and was born in New York
City in I^2. Ho graduated at Williams College, Massachusetts, and took
his theological course partly in Tnion Theological Seminary of New
York city ami partly at Princeton, New Jersey.
Tils lirst pastorate was at Brimfleld, Mass, where he met and married Miss
Mary Knight, a daughter of Dr. Knight, who survives him. His next pastorate
whs in the Center Congregational Church of Haverhill, Mass. In the summer of
1877 he was sent to Hawaii as a missionary of the American Board of Com
mis*i<'Tvrs :'.'!• Foreign Missions, and since that time has been among the most
zealous and capable of the board's workers. He organized the North Pacific In
stitute and broadened the sphere of missionary labor.
To the world at large Dr. Hyde became known through his venomous at
tacks upon the memory of the late Father Damien, the martyr of Molokai, fol
lowed by the open letter of the late Robert Louis Stevenson in the controversy of
1889-90, which flayed him alive and then boiled him in oil.
The decea i • ! was a man of great mental endowment, with a very wide range
of knowledge and power of thought. He had great executive ability but no prac
tical business capacity. Crafty and subtle, linn and determined, bigotedly re
ligious, he was a type of the men who lived and wielded power two or three
hundred : '^< l Puritans of Cromwell ami New Kngland and the Jesuits
who ruled France with the portfolios of State. His lifr> was one long adaptation
of the axiom, "the end justifies the means." He was the secret wirepuller behind
the Mole administration from the very inception of the annexation movement,
and his name was even mentioned for the first Presidency.
Few men have been so prominent In Hawaiian clerical life as the late Dr.
Hyde, for he bold trusteeships in most of our ecclesiastical, educational and
n>Nsionary institutions, and discharged his duty conscientiously, but his was a
stern character, that leaves but few pleasant memories behind, and he will not
be mourned ns affectionately as the worthy John Phillips, the plumber, whose
funeral to-morrow under Masonic and Governmental auspices will overshadow
thai of Pr. Hyde, although to the latter will flock all the missionary societies
of the city.
WILL FIGHT THE
ORTEGO HEIRS
Land Owners of San
Ysidore Organize.
Special PiFiv»;rh to Tht> Call.
GTLROY, Oct. 21.— The land owners of
San Ysidore held a special meeting to
day in Oilroy f"i" co-operation as cu-de
fendanta in the pending suit brought In
The Superior Court of Sun Francisco i>y
the alleged heirs of Ygnacio Ortogo, who
claims a half-interest in the grant of
which Ortego was the original owner.
The claim is based on the assumption
that the three youngest children of Or
tego di<l not in their lifetime receive any
nf the prncoed« of the several transfers of
thf rancho from the three eldest children,
who had dominion over the ranch and
who w«<re authorized by decree of the
(><.urt of Monterey i" <iispi.<,. <.f it. The
six children <>f Ortego and his direct
PCDirEr/^T N/lAIV AAIM
rKrhl VIANrIUuDI
The human body In full health and strength Is the noblest work of nature, yet half the world Is broken down by pain or disease. New discoveries sweep away old-time
remedies, and ELECTRICITY is now the paramount cure for disease. If you have Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble, Backache or any Nervo- Vital ailment my
$p\ CS C^Fi^N^ nfl r> l McLaughlin Electric Belt
n fj m 1 MfcJsO p*J^v VT=^^^ 'W' absolutely cure you. My new method Is a perfected body
Xt^' M/!/C^ -^Wpi^ JwJ^jb^ v battery with electrodes which DO NOT BLISTER like old-style belts,
*>^^^ri£**-vli^iPvvi^j\ fli V^ Mi '- Sj^Vi I and my science of applying the current gives you the health and
/\\^^l/\W^k \P) i{%\ W±~^*-d!%] /^^l] \\ I stamina of full manhood. This Is acknowledged the grandest
fHHr V '* iMMlwlk'lN mBBBBBUBBw //A 888 Inv| orator that man or woman can use, for it fills you with th.3
m&& ~^A (l L^^Tf |y\ l »^^^^K^U-N//f f^^^^^^^^ '-& ' IW^9 exhilaration of ambition and courage. How welcome this remedy
mW^M \ M?y**% ' jjB|^P^^te^^^^^v^t^wl I has been t0 thousands whose pans v has soolhed awa y- whose
BfejJ S^^T^l^^^P^^w^'^^^^SslrS v^ it^^M By my speclal melhod of a PP'y In S the current I restore
illlKl / T\\Wlf // fSBSf' -'^h^ iEBJimH Ifc "*!|B|py debilitated youth and ive energy to age; I cure VARICOCELE by
Wm&M /"*'-% 15? / Jf^^^Sf I "^^^--*^^^^^^^^ I^SS renewing action of the 1 bloodvessels and clearing away- the con -
liiiil / ' \i / fj3Zmsßm : 1 |BBBhHB P| IB I gestion; I cure LUMBAGO and BACK PAIN by sending the voltage
Igljijii'^ Af I jMWSBp- /M H JHHI^WMBu / IHh throu » n the relaxed muscles and weakened nerves and restoring
p^l^M/y g^ II EiSm2Bm\ .m , SfflSOsfflßHSA \t / Ipß the kidneys to a healthy condition. Medicines do not cure, for they
. _™ J/I r ivvl l '^:7 I \ /ll add no vitality. Something mora is needed — that Is the strong
, IHi / i* I '/ /if I■' I«1 nerve force generated by my famous Belt When you see a man
I i } I / / /'I II J 'if p ■ i^ -■■ - who was bent In pain able to and straight up and suffer no more
% i 1 ' if/ ; V 1/ V / I Wry you must be sure the remedy is reliable. Here is such a case:
? ■I ■ I I 1 - 1/ | / __^, 'it' WEAKNESS AND BACKACHE.
<l \ V J .^Lt^^ / A^** 1^ Nf^S^ 'I / V BOX. 4?,2. PETALfM\, Cal., Oct. 2, 1599.
i [ 1 fiS*^* ~~ &_^~^*^^~ s +^!F^ I 111 ' ' • DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir:' I have been wearing
' P>* »"^ V^'' *»-— - - / I 1/ / your Belt over two months and it has completely cured me of
, W-^*~ ' fif / / l-A 4 my weakness, not a symptom of which Is left. I consider it
\j3^^ ■ JLj r"^^s=^ a gTeat cure for such ailments as mine, and shall be pleased
"^ i^^' '-^^^^ to answer any inquiries sent me about your Belt. Yours truly,
I ii fci^ 1 LOUIS STANLEY.
rtl? M A AJln-I AIIPHT IIVI 702 Market St,, cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and
Orv« i?I« /*• iTIOI-i/VIJ VII it-All 1 9 Burdick Block, Cirner Spring and Second Streets, Los Angeles.
Office hours— « a. m. to 8:30 m.; Sundays, 10 to 'i. NEVER BOLD IN DRUGSTORES. j^SJ
heirs have been dead thirty or forty years
and the decedents of the three whose
rights in the ranch were supposed to have
been ignored now present a numerous
host in the role of plaintiffs.
Summonses have been served on eight
of the smaller owners of the rnncho by
an officer of the Superior t'ourt of Sail
Francisco, and this act has brought the
whole of the ranch owners into union for
defense. lion. J, C. Zuck was elected
chairman of the meeting to-day and John
Bruen secretary. Some thirty-six parties
interested were present, among them be
ing Messrs. Ellis, Kschenberg. Maze. I^es
t.r. WilNnn, Hndfr>r, Dunlap, Phegley,
Fellom and Furberg. A plan of assess
ment was adopted to raise an expense
fund and a committee was appointed to
secure counsel and do all necessary to
meet the issue. The committee consists
of J. C. Zuck, R. Bschenberg, W. N. Fur
berg, George T. Dunlap and D. J. Dunne.
Publisher Neely Insolvent.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— F. Tennyson
Neely, the publisher of 114 Fifth avenue,
filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy in
the United States District Court to-day.
The total liabilities were placed at $359 000
and the assets at $414,000.
Fire at San Xavier.
TUCSON. Ariz., Oct. 21.— The mining
company's ptoro and the assay office at
S:<n Xavier were destri>yod by fire. Loss,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»o®©«o©©e©<»9©oo©e©®<»©©@©o®©@soo©©oe©o©©oo©i
Household Furnishing Goods
AT SPECIAL PRICES.
W» offer iDsdal this week some odd |Cl)r'/'f If CilD TITS 1 DCIM r
H pair. Chenille Portiere*, slightly jrEtIAL jALE UKAILUI
■oiled, _ _
At $2, $250, $3 each MATERIALS.
This la less than half price. * "
r ... . 411 IDI , . Printed Denims and Cretons
California All-wool Blankets New and novel deslcns , width a
5 lbs., pink and blue border, only size! !nches; Worth 15c:
«6x80; irood value at *5; SPECIAL at 12« C yarf
EXTRA special at $3.75 mir'prfofej Ratines
Honeycomb Bedspreads J%"«sS£!™- w!d h " lnchea: r * lcn -
Full large size, hemmed and ready for SPECIAL 20C yard
use: eood - value for 9Cc: _. _ . a
cnr^Tii * *rsx New Assortment of
SPECIAL at 70c each _  a „ .
Dotted Swiss
Hemstitched Pillow Cases »•<«■ curtain use. 3« mche 8 wide.
45x36-, 12^c yard
SPECIAL at 121 C each Cnrtain Nets
Hemstitched Sheets New Datterns, 40 and 4-5 Inches wide,
Slx9o - At 20c and 25c per yard
«t 60c each Novelty Down PiHows
Rfnarhnd Cn*inn Tnwroi- And PIL.LOW coverings, just opened.
DieaCßCa IrOHOn IoWei> styles not shown elsewhere.
PAY US A VISIT AT EITHER
Fringed, cood large size, for hotel use; STORE.
THEY ARE BEAUTIES.
SPECIAL 75c ten Spec a! Gandkerchief Bargain
New Designs. SWISS POINT Ladles' pure linen open edge em-
D 1 ESPRIT and NOTTINGHAM LACE broidered handkerchiefs.
CURTAINS, ' In great variety, at At J.OC
«. _- tf»i d>i />> ! Ladies*" four-corner embroidered hem-
At tOCi C»l» JJJI.JSO, stitched handkerchiefs,
$1.50 a pair and upward At 75c per dozen
ci it a iviti n t Columbia Kid Gloves
DtCrKIICQ laDle ilam^Sß new assortment just opened-
£6 inches wide. EVERY PAIR WARRANTED.
SPECIAL 25c yard l Price $1.00
MARKET-ST. STORE ONLY. BOTH STORES.
MnLutnb) olnAUad Qb rnUaflViAli 9
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
107-109 Post Street.
WILL CHANGE ITS
HEADQUARTERS
Work of Temperance
Union Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. —In consid
eration of three important amendments to
the constitution of the organization and in
celebrating the silver jubilee of the soci
ety, the delegates to the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union Convention pabsed
the second day of the session. Two of
three amendments were adopted. One of
these removes the headquarters of the na
tional organization from Chicago, where
they have been located for many years,
to Evansville, 111., at Rest Cottage, the
late home ot Miss Frances E. Willaid.
The amendment was adopted after a long
and at limes heated debate, in which
much feeling was manifested. \\ hen the
vote was taken, shortly after noon It
stood 174 for the amendment and 22
against It. „_. . . ..
No little interest was manifested In the
debate over the amendment making na
tional organizers members of the execu
tive committee of the union. It was
voted down after considerable debate by
a two-thirds vote.
Another amendment making State sec
retaries of the Loyal Temperance Legion
ex-officlo delegates to national conven
tions was carried without opposition.
The afternoon programme was largely
given over to the celebration of the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of the formation of
the union.
Mrs Mary B. Reese of this city, who
nominated Miss Willard for president of
the union at the first convention (which
nomination she declined), spoke to the
convention. During the remainder of the
afternoon the convention listened to short
addresses from the State superintendents
and visitors. ,
Pacific Coast Pensions
WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California— Original— lsaac H. Albin.
Berkeley. $6; John A. Kelly. Soldiers'
Home Los Angeles, $6. Additional—
George H. Hubbard. Auburn. $4 to $8. In
crease—Joseph D. Lamb, Los Angeles, $8
to Jl2; Oliver Adle. Escondido, $6 to $8.
Original widows, etc.— Sarah Jane How
ard. Hazelton. $8.
Washington— l neroase— William Har.-el.
Ellcnburg, $S to $12. Original widows, etc.
—Catharine Ewing, Spokane, $8.
Cured of Drinking,
A Woman's Secret Method whereby she
Cured her Husband who was a terribh
Drunkard by Mixing a Remedy in his
Coffee and Food curing him with-
out his Help or Knowledge.
It tak<»s a woman to overcome obstacles. Mrs.
Chas. W. Harry. 920 York St.. Newport, X: ,
had for years patiently borne the disgrace,
suffering, misery and privation due to her hus-
band's drinking habits. Learning there was a
- r -_ «— »_ cure for drunkenness
S*^XM'k3si< which she could give
/"T^" <S*J>\ her husband secretly
/." \KS it * :il " : Cr ! rN sne decided to try it.
/•.. "^t-- •<3MB2JS[.KV V She mixed It in hi 3
f ( j ":"Vy)) m>fl f^d and coffee and
liill-' /''i'^/ — ttr as the rfime dy is odor-
rvJLV i ' V ' ess an<^ tasteless lie
f— rfS) cure knew what it
which she could givi.
-.. ., >. her husband sei
Bhe decided to try it.
\ 34&MVV She mixed it in hU
~^ \\>' as the remedy is odor-
T less and tasteless he
/S8 never knew what it
tK>jV/ <*0-' fjef was that so quickly
o( ' • V" relieved the craving
V*N J for liquor. He soon
*"*■ I began to pick up In
jf •tf**"j' flesh, his appetite for
Mn *■ 1 solid food returned.
'••7/3 C / he stuck to his work
•''•lo ••' regularly and they
' •*U P &^r > t now have a happy
„_ _'''. tt^^,, home. Mr. Harry was
Mrs. Chas. V*. Harry, told about his wife's
experiment and he gives her the credit of hav-
ing restored him to his senses. It is certainly
1 a remarkable remedy, cures a man without
his effort, does him no harm and causes him
no suffering whatever.
Dr. Haines, the discoverer, will send a
sample of this grand remedy free to all who
will write for it. Enough of the remedy la
mailed free to show how It is used In tea.
coffee or food and that it will cure the dreaded
habit quietly and permanently. Send your
name and address to Dr. J. W. lining "IMH
Glenn building, Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will
mail a free sample of the remedy to you, se-
curely sealed in a plain wrapper, also full
directions how to use it, books and testimo-
nials from hundreds who have been cured, and
everything needed to aid you In saving those
near and dear to you from a life of degrada-
tion and ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
How to Quit Toijacce,
A now discovery, odorless and tasteless, that
ladtes can pivn In coffee or any kind of
quickly curing the patient without his knowl-
edge. Any nne can have a tree trial package
hv addressing Ropers Dnip and Chemical Co.,
*2Z Race and Yin* sts.. Cincinnati. Ohi^
easily drive foul tobacco smoke and dirty spi--
toons frrim the home.
It is pair! that a man could onsly carry
a million pounds if the money was In
j.IOOO notes. It is worth while for every
man to know this, so a.^ to he prepared
for an emergency.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
LACES. - gm . m ROBES
Our Nbw Fsll Dross Goods $^ Each
son We have endear- " Ladles' best, all-wool
Stfecka" 1 S stt ?£ n a . ■ MAKE A BRILLIANT SHOWING. gfSSS W£s
edses and insertions. .. Ir( ii eSi all colors, «-
over" nets ■ spangled No former stock ever presented sc- much newness, brfghtness tra length.
and braided net robes. and such variety of pleasing styles. _ __—,••
B pan«rled nets, tuck- $3.95 Each.
Satgio'Sgl AN EXTRAORDINARY DRESS GOODS SALE FOR ONE WEEK. »
Commencing to-morrow we will place on sale Dress Goods of such magnitude and merit as will eclipse any offering
heretofore presented The following quotations cannot fail to attract the tasteful as well as the economical buyer:
50c TARD-CHEVIOT BUTTINGS. 4^ inches wide, in black NEW PLAID FASHIONS .
OUC and all th« new Fall Shades, strictly all-wool and ram- niiVV riut\lU fAOniUilO
7C -_ TARD- IRON WALE CHEVIOTS, rainproof. 4, inches &I.SO YARD. WORTH &<£.*&.
i €5C wide, !n nil the new and desirable colors ot the season; The following Great Offering consists Of 100 pieces,
regular value $i 25. • 52 inches wide, of very handsome and swell Plaids, just
CI Kfu -IMPORTED VENETIAN cloth, already received. The assortment is too varied to permit de-
P'»"V shrunk, an exceptionally fine quality, extra high fin- , tajle(l descriptions. Suffice it to say that this Is one of
ish. the favorite cloth for a stylish tailor-made suit, in black and ; the best dress goods offers this season. On sale your
a complete ranse of the newest colors. 54 Inches wide; worth $2 50. tlie Dest afeSS goods Oilers tniS Season. Un sale, J""'
«l *>*!» YARD-CAMELSHAIR aiBEIiINKS. 64 inches wide Choice. 51.,. 0 yard.
Cpl*-.O the first showing of this jcarce and much wanted /t> A f\f\^ pieces 44 and 46 Inch ZIBEL.INE
fabnc, all colors. fh I If If PLAIDS. in the choicest and richest color
$1.25 yard-all-wool, poplin, with p neat satin flg- Va• w x^ combinations. Regular value $1.50.
♦T» I »--tJ urP , flnnly and evenly woven, a handsome fabrlo for . ,
a tailor-made suit in allthe leading colors; worth ,1 75. 1Q() YARD FOR CHOICEST SILKS.
BLACK PARIS CREPONS. Another grand assortment of Novelty Silks, from
High -rale S'lk Mateluses exquisite French productions, rich 1 21 to 24 inches wide, will be placed on sale to-morrow. .
Fiik material exclusive high' grade novelties— ail to be found in They represent the choicest and the very latest collec-
abundance in our Black Goods Department. They include the ion of the fall styles in Persian Soule, Jacquard Strip-
choiceet .styles of J Baureauf fle Crepon, Por.dre Silk Crepon. Mer- ed Taffeta p ersiajl p r i nte d Warp Taffeta. Open Work
.eretta Creponi and ChiiTon crepon; social at e«i* Taffeta, Regent Plaids, Crystals and Evening Brocades.
$9, $10.50, $12, $15 and $18 a Suit To-morrow, special, and while they last, your <t f A A
choice at «J^ » • V/Vf
IMPORTED NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS Regular "value "$i.25 and $i.sO "yard:
$25.00 suit patterns for $12.50. ENTIRELY NEW! JUST RECEIVED!
From our last week's special offering we have fifteen of these j
rat- and distinct Suit Pattern? left. They are this season's | CREPE DE CHINE FOR EVENING WEAR.
manufacture, appliqued In the latest fashion, all new colorings „..__,. r. * _. , „_
and no two alike 35 pieces. 26 inches wide, superior quality Crepe de Chine, un-
Because they were delayed In transit and deiiring an lmmedi- doubtedly the most exquisite fabric for an evening gown, In the
ate selling of same, we price them at tha very low figure of newest and correct colorings; special at,* a yard.... SKI-_S
$I_.SO each; actually worth $25 CO. .__!_____
All the n«w de?lrab:« TLJ A T f* I? F? AT I /,'VF/V *? A I P Children's Golf
French Flannels. in THAi %Ult\EZ£\ 1 _wli¥__./\f Z3ML.CZ, Capes, made of stylish
fSrl shirt wafsts^On The phenomenal business done last week Is the best possible proof of the ex- material new color-
eal- at Wdl - ls - un traordinary values offered, and which prompts us to continue this great sale an- ings; special at
60 and 7 o Yard other week. A further opportunity is afforded patrons this week to procure the most $3.75 Each.
" remarkable Linen bargains of the year. 1..
CRASHES. CRASHES. TABLE DAMASK.
Elr* Tard— 6oo pieces Bleached Damask Toweling; S>C Tard— 9s pieces PS-inch Bleached Table Damask; OSJ/>
<-*'-' r-^ular value 10c. On sale at w OO'w regular value 50c. On sale at WOv
Q/- Tard— soo pieces IS-lnch Bleached Barnsley Tard— lso pieces 66-Inch Bleached Table Dam-
*-''" Irish Toweling, extra heavy; regular value 15c. Ur tFW ask, warranted all linen; regular value 85c. On ,£*/-*
On sale at uv , sale at OUv
If\r> Yard-HOO pieces IS-lnch Checked Glass Tow- OQI/> Yard-to pieces 72-inch Bleached Table
■vJV* cling. an exceptional quality; regular value lllC °-'^ Damask. German manufacture, soft quality; OQ1^»
15c; on sale at »vr *» .. , regular value $1.25. On sale at CJA2V
O.^/-» Dozen— looo dozon Bleached Damask Doilies. QQ r Tard-85 pieces 72-Inch Bleached Table Damask.
<JHJ\* round and square; regular value 7.".c. On sale Q a /» uOv extra fine grade of linen; regular value $1.35. QQ/>
at " " w On sale at uOV
TOWELS. TOWELS.
I2Jc $^%J?^^VLJT^ro^ , ole TABLE NAPKINS.
at l-w-jw « 35 Dozen— looo dozen Bleached Damask Napkins. <Cl-35
Qft.3s Dozen— 4C(I dozen Linen Hemstitched German *** ■ 23 Inches square; regular value $1.73. On Bale at «3,1
«J*-» — Huck Towels, in protty borders. !Sx36: regular C 035 ! Cl-»'' Dozen— soo dozen Bleached Damask Napkins. <_1-85
value $3 dozen. On lie at *P — " • j «pl full ? 4 size; regular value $2.50. On sale. at.... OI — -
CO-S,-. Dozen— 3oo doz«n Linen Huck Towels, extra COS,' (JQ'35 Dozen— 3oo dozen Bleached Damask Napkins.
V— » heavy and large; regular value 54. On pale at.. «J>— i : tP— i heavy Irish manufacture, full 26 inches square; (PQ.33
cq .7 Dozon— 200 dozon Hemstitched extra fine qu»l- regular value $3. On sale at t?-«
OO- — ity German Huck Towels. 22x44. in pretty bor- «£Q.BS Dozen— dozen Bleached Damask Napkins,
ders of blue, pink and white; regular value $S. (JQ.r.i *!'•• extra heavy quality. 25 inches square; regular (Pfl 85
On salo at «J>O — -j value $4. On sale at " «J)--»
OTHER EXTRA SPECIAL VALUES IN HOUSEFURNISHINGS ON SALE THIS WEEK,
C/< QK Pair— 3oo pairs extra large size white "All-Wool Callfor- |Ql Kach— loo dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases 45x36 of an
O *To«_F«_? r.ia Blankets, Fll't bound. In pretty borders; an extra l_«aW' extra heavy muslin
$4.95 4T AC H.mmed Sheets. 81x90. of an extra
| (\(* Yard— 150 pieces best quality 36-ir.ch Silkollne. In the lat-
CT 8 q — Each— 3oo B»d Comforters, retailed all over for $2.60 lv *' est colorings and patterns for comforters and draper-
M.OO tcr a special Inducement for this week, at the special les; regular value 12% C yard.
price of $1. C 5. They are extra large size, covered with the best I Ql/> Yard— loo pieces German Wrapper Flannels, the latest
quality f'f stlkoline. in pretty patterns, and filled with extra soft '•'iv designs, in the newest colors: the proper flannel for la-
white cotton. dies" wrappers. Special at 12'jc yard.
SffiiS SAMPLE HOSIERY AT ALMOST HALF PRICE. |**»*
sertions. 1 to 4 Inches quality, very lustrous'
wide, latest patterns; TVe have closed out from one of the largest wholesale houses their entire line our offer, 1000 yards at
worth 10c and 15c yard. of Ladles'. Gents' and Children's Hose— hosiery that has been exhibited by their 7fj n Varrf
On sale ■' ."»<• yard. traveling salesmen on the road as samples. . I UC T3IU
The purchase comprises many thousands of pairs, all of them manufactured by a well-known maker of Chemnitz
Germany. Because we purchased them at half their real value we shall place on sale the entire lot at the following unpre-
cedented low prices:
Or- Pair— Children"? Fast Black fine Ribbed Cotton Hose, all j 1 t /-. Pair— Gents' Merino Socks In Natural and Camel's Hair
«-'^» Fizi.-?; retruiar value 15c. | I IV* double soles and heels: regular value 20c*. -"air,
jcr,-. Fair— Children's Fast Black fine Ribbed Cotton Hose. ORJr» Pair— Gents' All-Wool Cashmere Socks In black and nat
lOC double heels and to«s. all sizes; regular value 25c. -O>- ural; regular value 40c. " " ' DlacK ana nat
()K,, Pair— Children's fine Ribbed Woolen Hose, fast black, ail Q^/-» Pair— Gents" Fast Black and Tan Cotton Hose double
' --OV* tizes; regular value 40c. _*tPV* soles and heels; regular value 60c.
O~r» Pair— lnfants' Pure Cashmere Hose, fine Jersey Ribbed. • QOI/, Pair— Ladies' Cashmere Merino Fast Black Hn« oil
-WOC fast black, sizes 4to S; regular value 50c OO.it sizes; sold all over at 50c. '
OC/» I 'air— Lad I os" Fancy Lisle How, with Plain color and , C}rZ Fair— Ladles" Outside Cotton Hose, double soles and h*Ai.
-lOC Ftriped tops; regular value 50c. *U^ fast black; regular value 50c. wia "■
C)7Z n Pair-Ladies' Richelieu Fast Black Lisle Hose; regular ; FZflf* Each— Ladles' Onelta Union Suits, in natural- retrular
X .OV/ value iCc. • Ww value $1. ' •** u " t r
OCr Pair— Ladies" Winter Weight Cotton Hose, fast black, Children's Jersey Ribbed Vests and Pants, also Merino Undo t0p....
plain black and with white feet. Regular value 50c. slzps IS to 34, at :ise, 3Oc and .'l.lc each. una.rwear,
SILK AND WOOL WAISTS. ' A SPECIAL UMBRELLA OFFER
6^^ cosfof^nufa^rf 1 " We closed ' out to us for le » " th « the
home, and then the style would be king. On display to-morrow. Flni , twllled Gloria Sllk# with ft^ ro( , and - f
<>rZ O-^ EACH— A new lot of Bilk waists Just received from with imported handles of Dresden, trimmed horns _> I i—/^'
i~)zJ»tJ*f New York goes en sale to-morrow. Waists made of natural sticks, etc. On special sale at Each S>1»O(J
a hish-grade TnfTeta Silk with rows of solid cording front and '" v
back and f.n sleeves. In every new and rich color, in- j FANPV PTRPfWTC K« VADn
eluding Black, all ylzes.. worth J8 80. Tour choice <*;EC-Q /^ ! rAilVyl rIIDDUIIO OC I Anil.
at «PU.€7CP I m ..pieces Ribbon, the greatest value of this season to
m- nr DIT'T'T'T/Pni ATC 0? C CIPL be closed out. They are all silk, in Persian effects and Roman
D.95 r_illlLUAl!b $5.95 stripes. In .Nos. 5.7. 9, 12; all at one price. Your choice i~"
Another fine arsortmont of those (me Silk Petticoats, which we «-'V ■"''"','' Yard OC
had on special sale a month aso an I for which the demand was , -" dozen Ladiea 2-Clasp Castor Gloves, the best in the city
B n great will be offered r.gain to-morrow. They are made of the for the . one >'. all colors and in all sizes, fitted and <r» I i"kr\
bo?t Taffeta Silk In the new Fall colorings and Black, with an guaranteed. On sale at I> alr tJ>i.UU
e\!ra wide corded fl «unce, extra length and width: CCS QS ; ' ww-_
w.rth'S 50. At Each «DO»»« WRAPPERS.
MACKINTOSHES A full * rA Mm P letP Ilr »c of Ladles' Wrappers on display to
limvniiiiVJll^j, morrow. One special leader we offer at the exception- crt rkA"
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN! , ally low price of . Eacn tJ)I # (JO
A complete line Just received. Special for this week. Ladies' , The same Is made of "a pretty Persian Strined Trior,r.«i
Mackintoshes $:^rH». .^4.50, .?0.00 iji7.r>O Each ! braided and lined, extra length? sizes 32 to 44 Flann «'.
tW ''™~'' W "*~~ SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
Rnccessfu.l Dairy.
WOODLAND, Oct 21. -There is such a
demand for the product of the Woodland
mery that the .liro.'Tors are contem
plating th .illty of increasing the
capacity of the plant.
Grant Buys a Hotel.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 21.--T*. S. Grant of
tins city to-day ompleted the purchase
nf the lintel Florence for JGO.OOO from Sen
ator A. E. Nutt. and the deeds were filed
for record.
POSTHOORN GIN.
The Finest Made In America.
CHARLES MEINECKE A CO.,
AGENTS PACIFIC COAST,
814 Swni&uto Bt, Bu> Frinoleto, C»l.
HEAVY RAINS IN
MANY SECTIONS
Farmers and Miners
Greatly Benefited.
Bpeeial Dispatch to Tha Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— The weather
to-night is somewhat cloudy and indica
tions are favorable for rain at an early
hour to-morrow. Rain began falling this
evening at Santa Barbara with every in
dication of continuing through the night
and the storm appears to be moving
southward. While some damage resulted
from the recent rain, the benefits were
much greater; the water supply was in
creased; land put in condition for farm
ing operations, which are becoming ac
tive, and a tone of confidence Imparted
to business generally. Timely warnings
of the storm prevented damage to fruits
and raisins, where advantage was taken
of the information. Farmers and orch
ardists in Southern California are pre
pared for rain whenever it may arrive.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct, 21.— The rainfall
last night was unprecedented for Octo
ber and the fall lust night was more than
for the entire month of October for the
past f»n years. The damage to the apple
and grape crops was heavy. The ungath
ered grape crop was almost entirely de
stroyed and grape owners are heavy los
rrs. as the rain will crack all the ripe
table grapes on the vines.
GILROT, Oct 21. -Rain began falling
gently about midnight, gradually increas
ing to a heavy downpour, and has fallen
Steadily all day and will probably con
tinu? until daybreak. The precipitation
up to 7 p. m. is .fiR of an inch, making the
seasonal rainfall 2.65 inches. The rain
will undoubtedly ruin what grapes re-
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
SthS im r er P S s h /s Pment " wl » beneflt all
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 21 -Rain whlrh
began falling here early Friday mornlne
did not erase until after 10 o'clock "fs
morning: At Intervals during the night
and early morning the downpour was
quite heavy. The rainfall for the storm
to 10 o clock this morning amounted to
2.16 inches, making for this season 3.14
inches as against .70 of an inch to ar.
equal date last y^ar. Shortly after 10
o'clock the sun broke through the clouds
and though it continual somewlv t
cloudy, the indications are that thTsTorn
is ended This month's rainfall to date
shows this to be the second wettest Oc
tober in a record of flftv years
JAMESTOWN. Oct. 'af-ft has been
raining in all parts of Tuolumne County
to-day as far up as Strawberry Valley
whore four feet of nnow fell last wppk
The precipitation, here was ]25 inches
making the total for the season 465
inches. Thomas ('onlin. secretary of the
Tuolumne Water Company, states that
in his opinion there will be sufficient
water on hand by November 1 to enable
all mines to resume operations The
present warm rain is causing the snow to
melt and the reservoirs are rilling
NAPA. Oct. 21.— 1t rained heavily yes
terday and last night, especially in "the
mountains, where the swollen streams
filled the rivers below. The rainfall for
the storm is 2.23 inches, for the season
3.75 inches. The same fall was registered
In 1894.
STOCKTON, Oct. 21.— The rainfall fir
the storm in Stockton up to this eveninr
measured 1.51 inches, making 2.35 lncho'
for the momh and 2.40 for the season
Last year :it this time the fall was 1.10
inches. The heavy storm has done con
siderable damage, because many farmers
had grain stacked and in sacks in their
fields and a large amount of hay was ex
posed. This is the heaviest October rain
fiill in many years and farmers were
wholly unprepared for it.
BUISUN, Oct 21.— The rainfall to date
for this season is 3.16 inches in this vicin
ity. Farmers and orchardists feel jubi
lant over the prospects.
MILTON, Oct. 21.— A heavy rain fell
here last night, the record showing one
inch at 7 a. m. It has continued through
out the day. Grass has started finely and
stock owners are rejoicing at the prosper
ous outlook.
MONTEREY. Oct. 21. -This locality has
been visited by a splendid rain, which still
continues. The rain will b« of great bene
fit to stockmen. Reports from the outly
ing districts show the rain to be general.
CALLED DR. CLOW A
CUR AND A COWARD
Jackson Says Sacramento Will
Not Hold Them Both an! Offers
to Fight With Any Weapon.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 21.— George W. |
Jackson, superintendent of the Capital j
Gas Company, met Dr. G. B. N. Clow, a '
local physician, near the Golden Eagle
Hotel to-day and shoving him against
the side of a building informed him that
the town was not big enough to hold
them both. Jackson Is one of the best
known and most respected citizens of
Sacramento. He is the present exalted I
ruler of the Lodge of Elks and ur. Clow j
is the past exalted ruler of the same [
! lodge.
The exciting episode of to-day gTows
out of an incident in the suit of Miss
Amanda Austin against the estate of Jef- j
ferson Wilcoxson, now pending in the '
Superior Court. Mrs. Jackson was a ;
strong witness In behalf of Miss Austin,
who sues for the recovery of $150,000 from
the Wilcoxson heirs. On Thursday bhe
filed an affidavit in court accusing Dr.
G. B. N. Clow of having visited her home
j and offered her a consideration if she
! should change her testimony so as to be
less favorable to Miss Austin. Dr. Clow,
so the affidavit sets forth, told her that
he had been sent by an Elk and that it
i was not unusual for cases to be adjusted
In that manner. Mrs. Jackson promptly
resented the offer and Informed her hus
band, who advised the course she subse
quently followed.
Dr. G. B. N. Clow, In an Interview In
last night's Bee, said that while he had
visited the Jackson residence it was to
see Mr. Jackson on lodge matters and
that while waiting for him he had con
PLAYED BALL
LIKE A LOT
OF NOVICES
Oakland Saves Itself From
Defeat by "Horse-PJay" on
the Diamond.
Cal Swing's collection of Dudes pave
! a very bad account of themselves in yea
i terday's game at Recreation Park. With
tt at the hands of Uncle Honry's ag
i gregation staring them In the face they
suddenly became fearful that their pretty
uniforms would be damaged by a light
: shower and like small boys "would not
: play, nohow." I'mpire O'Connell, spurred
on by tho requests of a score of "fans,"
ordered the Athenians to play ball, but
they did so in such a listless way as to de
j lay the game long enough for a shower to
' fall and drive them to points of shelter.
■ According to the National League rules,
had the t'nme been stopped by rain after
j the fifth Innlnp, the side leading would
[be declared the winner?. Had Oakland
j permitted the game to take Its usual
\ course San Francisco would have had an
i other victory to add to Its percentage col
umn.
The day was not an auspicious one for
ball playing, but about 300 enthusiasts
journeyed to the park in the hope of see
ing a" game. They v/"re disappointed.
however, as the rain and the Oakland
players marred thf^r ph-ttsure. Thf> con
test started off with Frisco at the bat
and "Chief" Borchers In the box for the
Athenians. Before the side was retired
one hit and one run were scored. Oakland
i did nothing in her half of the Inning. In
the second thf> local nine lighted on Mr.
Borchers for four hits and with half as
■ many errors scored tour tallies. Reilly
It .1 with a single and was forced at sec
ond "ii fyne'a hit. In trying to complete
a double play, Dunleavy throw wild to
Hutchinson and the "doctor" took second.
Muller was presented with a base on balls
and then mighty "KHz" swatted the
sphere over Moskiman's head for two
bases and the medico scon d, Muller taking
third. Brockhoff bunted to Borr-hers and
tho "chief" lost his head. He started to
throw home to catch Muller, then chang
ed his mind and switched around to throw
to first and in the end did neither. j!t>
retired to the pitcher's box a much crest
fallen man. P.roekhoff stole second and
i Hildebrand scored the "fireman" with
nervousness,
mental and physical
exhaustion,
HIinYAN CURES 1
iiiillUU I nil UUHLUiiiii
Those persons, men and women, who are afflicted with
headaches or dizzy spells (Fig. 7), sunken eyes and dark rings
under eyes (Fig. 6), pale, sallow faces (Fig. 5), coated tongues
(Fig. 4), palpitation of heart
/ r 'I " : |, (Fig. 3), indigestion (Fig. l),
f 1 | I I inactive liver (Fig. 2), cold
dH§!k%. 7 ' extremities (Fig. 9), weakness
M|%, of limbs (Fig. 8), are but suf-
• jW%rl 5 fering from a worn=out, ex-
-6 J^^^OJn 4 ; . hausted nervous system.
r^^JJ^o/ i '* Clouded memory, lack of energy,
{A v fe > 7^]tuw\ V *■ ' morbid fears, sediment in urine, shaky
\UuSk. WiW^ knees, sleeplessness, despondency, hor-
T sfliffi^^tJd/ V rid dreamSl costlveness . general ex-
I Ifflßy^ °h\ haustlon are also symptoms that tell
|!HE^»ii?sO& • you lnat your nerves are lettin £ down -
■liWrsi V \\\ —^^^s-=:-_ Hudyan rapidly builds up the nerves
r^l IP[ V% v^~ 1 5 and brin ? a " tne or & ans !nto harmon-
"%\^ v '^^JY i ious action. Hudyan provides the
-3\ HP'^v**^- 'i\ "' V^' a nBeded nerve and t!ssue no " 'shment
?Sli&vJNv* : V A *■> /X%7/M that ls necessar t0 a permanent build-
-9 (WIW1 1 \ '// \ i lng up of hea!th< Hudyan quiets and
M i \ 7/\(\v "P soothes the Irritated nerves, increases
|r-\\.]/ \''\\\t|h \ ' the ' blood supply, corrects all faults of
/^•uW '! \ \ Will I I -, digestion, gives healthful vitality to
/v \v§f / 7/a\ \ -\. the nerves and nerve centers. Hudyan
lL_^ Jf / I(\V V n^ 1 promotes healthful sleep. Hudyan cor-
"* "\J aX \\ >»i rects a " weak nerve conditions.
ppTr Uf Tr\\/ \ TV! From >' our druggist— 50c a package, 0 packages $5.50.
Vl*-' 1 lIULf ■ rill If your druggist does not keep It send, direct to th»
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAT CONSULT THE HUDYAN" DOCTORS ABOUT
TOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
versed with Mrs. Jackson on a range of
subjects, but that he had not tried to
influence her testimony nor had he *aid
he had been sent to see her by an Elk.
The mildest interpretation that could be
put upon the Interview was that Dr. Clow
considered Mrs. Jackson had made a mis
take.
Jackson and Clow met to-day as stated
for the first time since the interview ap
peared in the Bee. Mr. Jackson inus de
scribes what followed: "Clow approached
me with a smile on his face and was go
ing to speak to me. I put my fist under
his chin, pushed him back against the
wall and said: 'You dirty cur, you. You
contemptible coward. You come to me
with a smile on your face, you contempt
ible cur.' I then told him that he wat> a
coward and that I would fight him at any
time he said with guns or pistols or
knives. I told him that the town was not
big enough to hold us both and that
every time I met him I would talk to
him just as I was then doing, even if I
met him two or three times a day even'
day in the week. I then called him a cur
and a coward and I again declared that
I would repeat what I said every time I
saw him."
Judge Ellison has taken notice of the
affidavit sworn to by Mrs. Jackson by
Issuing a citation for Dr. Clow to appear
in court on November 6 and show cause
why he should, not be punished for con
tempt. It is certain that the local lodge
of Elks will fit an eariy day conduct some
sort of investigation Into the episode.
a single to left. Krug singled also and
Brockhoff crossed the plate. Sullivan and
Courtney were easy outs.
Oakland did nothing when it came to
bat and in the third San Francisco added
two more to its seorp. making things look
blue for Oakland. Donovan saved his
team from a whitewash by knocking a
two-bagger and scoring Borchers, who
was permitted to walk to first.
A slight shower began to fall during the
next Inning and the "Dudes" did every
thing in their power to delay the playing.
Borchers was the ringleader in this con
spiracy. To the spectators It seemed that
he did not want a losing game to his
credit. Slow as he is in delivering the
ba.ll to the batter, yesterday he was fun
er< al in his work. O'Connell ordered him
to "play ball" time and again. Before
doing so every "Dude" trotted off the
Held to get his red sweater. A heavier
shower then pot in its work and O'Con
nell called the game for twenty minutes,
in the hope it would pass off. At the
expiration of the time limit he forced the
game. San Francisco, 1n Its attempt to
make it five Innings, simply fanned at the
hall. Seeing that the game was becom
ing a hippodrome the umpire postponed
hostilities.
Unsolicited the management gave the
spectators rain checks, which will entitle
them to seeing this afternoon's game. If
the weather holds good Sacramento and
Santa <'ruz will play at 10:30 this morn
ing at Recreation Park. In the afternoon
S;m Francisco and Oakland will again try
conclusions. The following Bcore will
show how the game was going when time
was called:
SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Prnckhoff, 3b 3 2 1112 0
Hildebrand, r. t.... 3 0 10 0 0 0
KniK, fs 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 0 3 10
Courtney, lb 3 o 0 o A n o
Keflly, 2b 3 12 0 0 0 0
Pvne c. f 2 2 0 10 0 0
Muller, 1. f 1 1 0 0 0 o n
Fltzpatrlck. p 2 110 13 0
Totals 23 7 6 2 8 6 0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchlnson, lb 1 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hammond, c 10 0 0 6 0 1
Hardie. r. f 2 0 10 0 0 0
Donovan, c. f 2 0 1 0 0 0 0
Dunleai y. 2b 2 0 0 0 2 l 2
I.anse. .".b. and p.... 1 0 0 0 0 1 1
Bchmeer, bs 10 0 0 0 10
MoHklman. 1. t 10 0 0 10 0
Borchers, p. ana 3b. 0 1 0 0 0 1 2
Totals U 1 2 0 11 4 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— FlUp&trick 1, Bor^hrrs
2 Two-base hits— Hardie, Fltzpatrick, ReiUy,
Ponnvan. First base on errors— Pan Francisco
o Oakland 0. First linse on called balls— San
Francisco 1. Oakland 3. I,eft on bases— San
Francisco 5, Oakland 4. Struck out— By Fitz
patrlck 3. by Borchers 4. Wild pitch—
Borchers. Time of game <~>ne hour. Umpire—
O'Connell. Official Fcorer— Stapleton.
DR. KILMER'S -^-£Jss?^__^ __—
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AID DON'T KNOW IT
ff! ; J -^ii 1 '-'^2^
m««.»t-vi« »<>^«vJ»*. -i= "= 1 ■ — =^ "■' '■'*-
Swan)p-Root, The Great Kidney Reroedy.
ITS MARVELOUS SUCCESS IN ALL KIDNEY, BLADDER
AND URIC ACID TROUBLES. •
To Prove for Yourself trje Wonderful Merits of
Th)is New Discovery, Every "Call" Reader
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Ab-
solutely Free by Mail.
__ _— — —
What your kidneys need is a gentle, healing, tonic influence)
that will soothe their irritability and gently regulate them.
The only thing that will do this is Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
the Great Kidney Remedy.
It used to be considered that only urinary troubles were to be
traced to th^ kidneys, but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
these useful organs.
What more natural?
The Kidneys filter and purify the blood. \
When they don't your whole body
must suffer.
If you are sick, doctor your kidneys,
because as soon as they are well they
will help all the other organs to health.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases and
is sold by druggists in fifty-cent and
one-dollar bottles. Make a note of the
name, SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy sent free by
mail, postpaid, by which you may test
its virtues for such disorders as kid-
ney, bladder and uric acid diseases, and
urinary troubles, obliged to pass water
frequently night and day, smarting or
irritation in passing, brickdust or sed-
iment in the urine, constant headache,
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
lessness, indigestion, nervousness, skin
trouble, anaemia, Bright's disease, neu-
ralgia, rheumatism, bloating, irrita-
bility, worn-out feeling, lack of ambi-
DIED IN A PRISON CELL.
Mrs. Pauline Hornech Succumbed to
a Violent Fit Brought on by-
Alcoholism.
Mrs. Pauline Hornech, wife of F. Hor
nech who lives In the rear of 230 Natoma
street, was taken to the City Prison Fri
day morning on a warrant sworn out by j
her husbanij, charging her with being a |
"common drunkard. 11 Shortly after two \
o'clock yesterday morning she was seized j
with a violent fit In her cell and Desk j
Sergeant Bidwell sent her to the Receiv
ing Hospital in the patrol wagon. Pr.
Starr, an Interne, treated her for alco
holism and dressed her nose, which had
been contused by her fall. He sent her
back to the prison.
Shortly before 6 o'clock she was seized !
with another violent fit and Sergeant Bid- j
well telephoned to the hospital and Dr. j
Starr called at the prison. The woman |
died in a few minutes. Her body was j
taken to the Morgue, and as there were
rumors that her husband had beaten her
from the fact that there were bruises on
her body. Detective Cody was detailed on
the case. The husband denied beating
her and the neighbors said that In her
drunken orgies she used to fall over the
furniture and injure herself. The autopsy
showed that her death was entirely due to
alcoholism and the bruises on the body
had nothing to do with it.
Captain Seymour was indignant at the
hospital attaches sending the woman
back to the prison Instead of giving her
a bed there and attend to her as her life
might have been saved. There is con
stant friction between the prison officials
and hospital attaches over such cases.
"When the woman was brought to the
hospital," said Dr. Starr last night, "she
was not in a dying condition. She walked
out of the patrol wagon and into the
operating room. T prescribed for her and j
suggested to the officer that she be al- j
lowed to stay at the hospital all night, i
He informed me emphatically in the j
presence of Mrs. Swett. the matron, that ,
he had orders to return her to the City !
Prison. "When I was cahed there later i
In the morning T answered at once, but
on my arrival I found her dead. Dr. Grey .
accompanied me tn the prison."
FORGER AT MODESTO.
Succeeds in Passing Checks on Sev-
eral Merchants.
MODESTO. Oct. 21.— Some clever forgrer
ies have been perpetrated here during the
past few days. Eight time-checks, each
for $15, were given to merchants for small
bills of goods and the balance in coin by
a man who signed the names of J. M.
Heron and James Barrett, superintendent
and secretary of Bald Eagle Orchard.
The checks had been stolen from the of
fice of the superintendent and perforated
and filled out. The forgery was not dis
covered until presented at the First Na
tional Bank for payment, when Mr. Mc-
Henry, president of the bank and owner
of the orchard, discovered the fraud. The
checks were all dated October 14.
Game Declared Off.
WOODLAND. Oct. 21.— The baseball
game which the Gilt Edges of Sacramento
have been negotiating with the home
team for Sunday has been declared off.
The home team is without a pitcher.
tlon, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
If your water, when allowed to re«
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
ment or settling: or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
The famous new discovery, Swamp-
Root, has been tested In so many ways,
in hospital work, in private practice,
among the helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief, and has proved so suc-
cessful in every case, that a special ar-
rangement has been made by which all
readers of The Call, who have not al-
ready tried it, may have a sample bot-
tle sent absolutely free by mail. Also
a book telling more about Swamp-Root
and containing some of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp-root. Be sure and
mention the San Francisco Sunday CaJl
when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. T.
Delegates Chosen.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21.— Delegates
have been named by the Southern Cali
fornia branch of the State Miners' As
sociation to attend the annual convention
of the association at San Francisco. The
majority of those named will attend.
Dependable Drugs
Patent
Medicines
We buy patent medicines in
large quantity — cheapest way.
Pay spot cash and get big dis-
counts — still cheaper.
It 's The Owl's way of buy-
ing that helps you save.
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets
comfort the stomach and
control the nerves of exces-
sive smokers. Small bottle 40c
Nelson's Foot Comfort— A
new preparation to comfort
tired, swollen and pinched
feet. Sprinkle top tins. 2Oc
Baker's Little Giant Pills—
50 little pills in a bottle— a
cure for constipation. 25c
Maltines, 85 cents.
Cascarets, 10c, 20c and 40c
Williams' Pink Pills, 40 cents.
Kilmer's Swamp Root, 40 cents.
Hoods Sarsaparilla, 75 cents
Baker's Sarsaparilla, 75 cents.
Aver s Sarsaparilla, 75 cents
Carter's Little Liver Pills, 15c
Pierce s Discovery, 75 cents
Pierces Prescription, 7S cents.
Pond s Extract, 40 cents.
Pozzoni's Face Powder, 35 cents.
Anita Cream, 40 cents.
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on orders of $5 or up.
JL_llV. 11 28 MARKET ST.,
San Francisco
10th and BROADWAY, OaklandCOOLIES FLOCK
TO HAWAII
One Thousand Land in
a Week.
LARGE COLONIES TO COME
BUSH OP CONTRACT LABOR NOT
AT AN END.
Honolulu Praises the Deportment of j
American Soldiers Passing
Through. En Route to
Manila.
Special CorresrociSene* of Th« CalL
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Oct. 14.— Within the lnat i
■week •• Japanese laborers havo |
been ;. Honolulu. .-\* we are ex- i
pectins 10,000 of them, and read la the '
Japanese papers that we are to have large ;
colonies of families of free people yont !
over by arrangement between the Ameri- j
can n::d Japanese Governments, we are j
not surprised, but nons th« le«s are :
mournfully regretful.
The n>cent arrival of a half dozen ocean j
• lily, one-half of them military I
transports, Is creating considerable con- \
•ion ln commercial circles owing;
to the Inadequacy of accommodation In
i -:r harbor and the ruling of Collector
Kuhlen that commercial Bteamera must!
give way to The transports. H<* cour
teously concedes wherever he can con
sistently do so. but the rule of the road— I
Lther dockage facilities— demands
first attention to be given to the war
forces. The soldiers make our streets |
*ra> and th#ir capital bands are lavishly j
generous with their music. It Is a pleas
ure to record the fact that out of the
many thousands of treoys which have
been recently and are now parsing
through the deportment has been i
bo excellent that the complaints made '
of misbehavior are not o:»e to a ,
thousand men. Bogging for food or drink
or attempting to seli store supplies, so
I rniorly, is but rarefy known j
md the men appear to be more »n
--!n making inquiries about the ;
country as a ; • home than In
spending time frivolously. The universal '■
x Is that the men are a spl<
rthy of the banner under
which they ■ iur only regret Is that j
■ ■ : ■ • '.
■ ■ we should so much
America must take
our v.-i!! for the
The Inconvenience of the President's
tivfl r r in reference to public
telt In connection with
*»ning of Berelania street, one of
aristocratic arteries. The
raia d the question of the
. of the local < 'ommissloners j
. | -ess and award liamages
■•ning, on the ground that the
it, ] r or authority to
■ | ■ ■ c pr perl y for pul>li'
• such c □ ■
- the title to such proper I
■ • • * of the United States and ;
-ard is not ac I I >r au
act for the United States ln ,
■• es.
It Is intimated that the matter has al- j
I considered by the \
and that It has been de- \
ent'a executive order
• ot apply to surh proceedings as the
widen! , ■ ■
CANNOT DRY GRAPES.
Large Portion of the Crop Will Be
Sold to Wineries.
Oct. 2].— Owing' to the un
• • er no raisin
• the second crop can be cured
so who re ] ■ •• . with
:tis. The bulk of the sec
apes will therefore
be sold :o the wineries. The bulk of th?
Those on the
• stacked arid the loss will not
Tokay grapes have been
« ; in most Instances are
-i have not
red so much. Emperors are unin
jured.
Cotton Trade Booming.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico, Oct. 21.— A
French a: els begun the con-
Btructlon oi a mammoth cijtton mill near
thU city. will be invested
ln the er.- . he new cotton mlii
recently completed at Juan Acatian, near
here, is In full operation. It has eight
hundred looms running. Twenty-six
large cotton mills have \i<x:n erected ln
Jl»xlco during the past twelve months.
Want Laws Enforced.
WOODLAND. Oct. £I.— The arrest In one
<ay of twenty people charged with violat
ing the bicycle ordinance has resulted In
a demar.d for the enforcement of all or
dinances, many of which have heretofore
teen considered dead letters. All violatom
of the anti-expectoration, ordinances will
be arrested.
4»
4»
Charged With Larceny.
FRESNO. Oct. 21.— J. L. Pollard was
■arrested here as the man wanted In
Merced for grand larceny ar.d of whom
the Sheriff had distributed descriptive
circulars. The arrnst v.-&s led v:> to by
the apprehension of his son for battering
a Chinaman and the coi.nection of the
jianao with tho Merced crime.
Pearl Hart Recaptured.
TUCSON, Oct. 21.— Pearl Hart, the
■v.-orr.an bandit, who broke Jail here two
•week? ago, v.aa captured yesterday by
George Scarborough at Demlng and
.1 rou) back to Tucson this morning, lid
iHogan, a prisoner who was confined in
Iho Jail and escaped with Pearl Hart, v.as
4uso captured and brought back.
Fair Closes.
WOODLAND, Oct. 21.— The Catholic
fair, which has boon in progress here all
■week, came to a sucessful close to-night.
PROMINENT DIPLOMAT DYING.
C. R. Greathouse, Adviser of Korea's
Emperor, Fatally 111.
C. R. Greathouae, adviser of th© Em
peror of Korea, is, according to the press
of the Orient, dying of some unnamed
disease, a gram sent to Yokohama by
AY. T. Stands, secretary of legation at
Seoul; briefly setting forth this fs.ct.
Mr. Greathouso ring the early years
of his business career was a lawyer, prac
ticing in Kentucky. In IS7B he came to
this State and took a position as editor of
the Examiner and acted as political ad
visor of George Hearst, Finally lie was
retained aa attorney by Wells Fargo &
\i°: £ nd the c >ntral Pacific Railroad. In
IS^j he was appointed to a consular posi
tion In Japan, which he held until 18&0
J>' h ,V\ * G J e ,ceived his appointment an
Judicial i adviser to the Korean Govern
?TSh,,! vi c that t!me he has remained
at Seoul His most prominent official duty
d V. r i"F» "sjadWsershlp was in connection
ffiSS^f 8 t a C e CU C-Jule°n f partlcl P a »°n
Mr. Gnathouse never married. Hia
"'""■ & ccom » a nled him to Japan in
ISS6 and has since resided with him.
BOUTON TWICE ARRESTED.
He Is Token Into Custody After Be
ing Released on Habeaa
Corpus.
Vl< " ' ■ •' brother of Madeline
Bouton, th( . who la wanted In
Nevada for alleged cattle rustling, was
i 1 on habea* corpus by Judge' Cook
yesterday morning. Hia freedom was f
Fhort duration, however, for as soon as
he left the courtroom he was reartested
on a warrant issued by Judge Mo'tran
charging him with being a fugitive from
Justice. A second writ was sworn out
ami will be heard on Monday, but It is
probable that Bouton will be taken to
Nevada for trial, as the Issuance of the
•warrant by Judge Mogan la regular
It seems that Bouton wan first arrested
on a telegram from Nevada stating that
he was wanted for stealing cattle from
Detective T,h;ieker and other residents
Of the Sagebrush State, but Judge Cook
held that the telegram was not sufficient
evidence against the accused to deprive
him of his liberty, and hence ordered his
<(Ib missal from custody. j
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. * | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
The HoMe^ Trophy. 'WPiii IPl^l^^il^iii lIMi Newest Gloves.
f» The big store was awarded the Odd Fellows' Golden Trophy for the best :- ~l ifl gL gp^, jflV fag ftl 11^% Ws >>TZ) $ W~\soM Ladles' 2-clasp Cape G'oves — fac simile of Grays ; ftted and guaranteed— per pi ir... +
* decorated business building during the fiftieth anniversary celebration. ||lgF «andl SWS Dants'-colors Mahogany, Tans ami Gr^ t a'"'"* ;—;•-•• $l °° 1
> w al i it \»j j ,r" l ;ji • / *l ■ l; j 3«s HtS^U , 4 * Bl ** -«— If fitted and guaranteed— pair $1.00 Ladies' 3-c aso Suede Gloves — maie by ♦
*a. We than< the committee and the members of the order for their kind j^ V @ O g € g^ ffa « M B^ O^7^2&l* m Ladies' 2-clasp Reindeer G'ovas-fac s.mue R3ynier-fitted aid guaranteed-per pair *
* appreciation of our efforts and for the beautiful and highly prized trophy, \ ™ ■" ■«<nw/^nrn m ■-■ mnm • -^ .o f Dints'— colors Browns, Tans, • Mcde3, „ „ $1.50 *
which will be given a conspicuous place in our establishment. , QalltOTnia S Largest — America S Grandest Store. Note— All our kid g oves cleaned frea of charge first tima worn. *!
*, ■ ■ ■ — — — " — ■ : ■ ~ : ■~~ — <£>
! Qroaery Department. Underwear and Hosiery. Boys' Gioihing. *
£ i The new department — second aisle to the left of main entrance — is the largest and most completely Tht* Ng»w Giving f»->t* WiM^or* %
J PureFoods-thatisour hobby-only goods that we can stocked in the State. There are insight 1000 running feet of shelves, besides ' counters and center &mw ° iyißS ¥Or * vtmer ' *
ft guarantee find shelf room here. Here are some prices that tables piled high with the best that Europe and America produces. YOU Will surely find the kind you . Previous season's assortments ecips3d— business canstantlv «
* will interest housekeepers: .. TQ __ / *" r J * merer sing. People feel at hcm3 here, get proper attention <?
* r.- 'r> i, a o oi iv. #„_ <>i nn wear nere. an( Bee th 3 latest styles in honst clothing. Wisa parent? «
> pin 6 Vm-\ vln,^' m nJin m or' 9^ Ladles' unshrinkable 1 Ladies' soft fini hei always take tha Emporium into consideration when needing <*
* Fancy Family Fiour, Emporium or Sparry^ bblof4sa^. „ wool mxed Vests and ¥t====== . woo! mixed Union Suits, <>X^\ wearing ? pp,re! lor the iitt'e fellows. *
* v V V- iWh Ann' s^bo Pants, Vests high n?ck, M I // the" Vie- eith r Oneita style or but- ' li * V VS Norfolk Suits—Somi thing new S=~££i *£
A Jancy Jipnn K.ee, 11 lbs OUR y)^h long sleeves, Pants 'i : ""%-T%^ tory v brand is 'toned (own in Iront, nat- p. (- "*vl'Cv» for boys Btol2ye rs o:d that is bound < 5^W ' 2
2. S!if^"n;iKlnJf!« '/sa*Z* S^¥ French yoke bands,nicely V fe^ I on /*, hose that ural co:o: only, air sizes I^TV l v tyjf to become a wry popular style— coat is \?"X *
t P^Sltf^teOP'^SteSS 25° <~ h/ finiBh l Bnd tr ' mmcd \Jmr\ scubwjaumar $1.00 |?fti*-^P made with joke, two pi ats -front and A^K. 5
*? ' ?inr n' T ni *?fn -^Z^H nitural co'or only, al Mll^rj rest assur-\ Ladies' nnshrinkab c •iTj'f- back— two styles are pictured here-ona /Wj l\ *
Imported Olvj or, _ga"onj m. * i*SU £%-,h&\ sizes, per garment.s.?C l^^Zj)i ed #A a t Jersey ribbed wool Vest* \LU h \ a last color blue cheviot, sells at $6.50— AJj&fi \ *
J Howards Tomito^ gallon en, 200 /^^^.l Ladies' heav ■fl ec VI S^ 1 they are the and Pants, Vest huh M \\l\ another, a new, nobby light plaid chevot. I\p(J\ V\ *
? Fancy Mai-'eCjrn, can " Wo IVA 1 ) lined J?r.e F ribbed cot \^<^% best of their neck ong sleeves. Pant? >?/) \'\ sells for t..Z.....53.50 MC^#^Ttl *
iVP vi r!> • rtn, i"^;;*; "US I Us hlh^ ion UDi ° SuitS - th * lilim W;^«Frlrch bands and ankle I( V Boys' TwO-jieOß S it% We i\MJ t
5 V H.ucn- Cocoa, 1-lb cans ; .75c / AVili I' ■f'-.C^ Oneita style, button-d J« \ mad*. «m ? th colors p nk, sky //A show 12 new styjjs at $3.45-pieash {pf J
1\ an Hontena Cocoa, j^-.b t—'p'lV'i'Vh 12S fM I, litPf « cro?8 louder, color "^ \ blue and car<iina'. pII J hLI \\ I co'oh and we-^'s in all woo! cheviots, \^\\\ |
S?f^P^^^^^;!^^lpSS \lL' fes aDd natura i \ V — 7 thi rirens heav. fl.ece /S\ / make and fa -'- c guaranteed — are sura VVY I
5« v r \< mnn Aa iik *Or» \ //// ' IjTI 8:zeB <*-UC \ y Uii drens heav. n.-ece /•y /I make and faor.c guaranteed — wearesura \| \ *
* pTh>f- P^ n7 f n if« D3T Ml// Ladies' extra heavy \ lined Jersey ribbpd Vests, //LA, // you can at le*st say, $1 if rot more in \M\ *
* rMr«riV^rVon«i'rhnr«Utp"i"Vh"r; 52S - "' ' fleece lined cotton Vestf \y^ Pantsaod Boys' Drawers, Z^~~}^ -s -// paving us $3.45 for one of these— 1 I *
fr GhirardelMsGronnl Chocolate, Mb can 250 ;i » sn dPants,patent finished ' ..^^ ! patent finished seams! ~--~^fc>^ / sizes Bto 16vea«. U|W *
t vllilifvl\£J?li«,£? a " *• ££* seams, neatly trimmed around reck, stockinet : natural co'or, an exel- largo Boys' FashSonab/O 2
*R x Bef E^rac* 'Bozi3 c" &lOti front, col. rn-.tura. .ni ecru, all s ze^, per gcrmant 25c I lent wearing garment, sizes 18 to 34 each 25c Long Pants Suits— Wo show s.-v- M i
S» c ','- • • «»*.«' omrnm : 7p?m » rsn» /$% m o~ ' eral sty. ts of gray che.-ks -very stylish — -j V_ «f
» gMgsFffi^W&^2i&Wsßls&'M r'Wvß+Zb £&liß&£tf2fi£Blj^- coats up to date— swsll double breasted J) U «
BWBVWa^Jf <Q^«Wf WJMtiia&g B^M.€M €M Ih&g*l&<ilM>HaMUiS»m vests-pan's cut in the latest mode with <^ \^v -ff
> Oi*Sat VStSUBS Onr l"n» of Woman's and Chil. _— - „ welt seam— sizes for bo. s 14 to 19 years— *
I m «»e sftoes. dren'B Sioes aro not exceiled For «* «» ay Oiity—Exoept Liquors. re * ul ir nrrchant tai or $20 asd '$23 mixtures and pntterns *
##» rin& &nU&Sm it the price^on the coast. , " **" -^ '^"" M »^ «»^«.«^*r^w« ««fiwwi «v« —price, and a fit assured you :...SFO*OO %
J One of oirleair^a— B ,y,' Satin jO . SPSOOI For Monday only, we i^eckVWear Two splendid Sale Of These faTlc 7 Knee Pants-Several odd lots heavy weight, many of them 5
2 ers— Lidies 1 V.c IS / Calf L'.ce Sho s, --Jj/ QißlrgS** offer at special sale |ajf«^« _.;_#_ specials for Mon- ' B *_*__.__ shapes 700 all woo!, per pair ." 500 and 750 «
J KiJLacei.nl ßutton f //, new Savoy tip, Tpfn Stiff &C. 100 dozen .pool fiU, iTiaf Cri BBS. day only, Mouc 8 3- GUSpiOOreSm China Cuspi- , . | S
6 Shoes, kid or c o;h G7-~ I'/// and toes, sewed /* full 100 yar Is, 75 dozen black A& B, lines and Chiffons, best quality, double , dores, tinted : in -^TTf^v^,^ Xt
»> tops, newnp-to-^^W \A ppl*s, a' good jS/ '1 25 doren in assorted o-lors, the kind wi th, 45 inches, about 1 00 yards of pink, blue cr lav- <^^^V«2O\ r^~Y &%vur£n>nM*nar*«*4«& *
* date toe?, pat-&g|£^ A .'. strong shoa .or M& /} that sells regularly at 10c a spool, on pink, blue, maise, cardina , heliotrope, ender, with a C-^^lpk'V-^. G^R ** f&BTfljp^M *
* crt lea' tips. Jgw'l rough and ready yjgf* s ) Monday DC nile, myrtle, brown and navy, regularly delicate floral ' v?~\' **
£an extraordi-'jSr Ys4 wear: *ePL*/) *-- e^~i " p nr 75c a yard q ualitv ' on special sale decoration on /^'i'Wife^K. V^k 4£*B f & H
I narilv iSHB^ Siwi A* /^ FsneSilVCr or . . Mondavon'v 53c 4 op, regularly (^i VJ\ >\ AW\ &Sj£m&lfm J
£ good r l\ 11 to 2, >^ / fsaW*Hie*S 23Gm™u 7 Überiy SHk-B Bt qualify, 20 inca 70c each, we off \is{J} O JsjJ $**> A -Mo -,^ 2
* va'ueat Ji J for S^\*^ G?#f *«?»* only accordeon plsated, 250 yards of best er 120 of them, i4 ««ia l Ai^itZis*' /fj / - Our $12.50 Overcoats for man- embrace JJ,
6 the Jg&^ ..sl.33^6^^ weoffer another .ot o: sterling silver co orings legnarly tOo a yard, on special Monday only, at ...47c / | / / almost every kind of overcoating material ?
* price— ■ Sizes 2, to s^, for..^/.47 <^^^^ fi *3ap R » c i?wMs^ W* o ™ l sale Mor day „ 29c /jir / that is staple or new, and worthy of baar- ♦
* Pc " Pair $2*43 "^ = ; <>^ a^^^^ ;2^ M€n'S BOG . ■■ Curtain On Monday, we I. \/ ) in « our label guaranteeing goodness and «
* —~~*a Children's Don- S^i^^^^^Z^^^^ MtSsfat *§Ma°s*Z *%&** \ &***sJL n offer 1000 LA/ ■ correct stye. Th-re are heavy coverts with *
*__ Chi'dren'- Vici f?W £ T Kil £«» f£ n wf^! h f'shf f n* all SWfSS ' C * «"* white W\<O velvet collar., light or medium weight |
» ?S8 f Kid L - f Shoes, MB -han 8 k d TopT C-^^ WM regX sf^ madetll »?U,n& cot Swiss, 36 inches wi.e, 6 different pat- W^" coverts, cheviots/ clay worsteds. Thibets, *
» feS S°cTo Bth8 th laU " handkd ner mounts nov.Mties. 9251000 fine. Tooth brand cuffs trimmed with silk feather %*& .Jj^ cur *!£™& I -J etc Bue-blac'c or the new oJ,e brown |
5 P'V^lfL ?nn it MS) coin 8.-uhes, Nai Pies, Bn-. ton Hooks, stitching, 'ront trimmed with embroid- beauHfu'lv the very special Jric? " FT"! B 5 ?in Ker.3ys-the new Oxford shads in J
£ &<U*St P> iMh^L to-, E-ascrs Roller Blotter?, Stocking cry, big £0c values, special M-«Hav ?!rd P '«' I A \ cheviots and casaimeres. etc., etc. Every J
* r^i^ !i P : V §V^>^ patent Dm L-tter Openers, etc.. otc. on y 38c ' ° C \ \ Overcoat is all wool, has silk sleera linings J
*> V**-_^*°* =i^ 9 C^-dt^ r-»^ teati- each - . 28c si.oo~iti^riium*°< \\ ar.d guaranteed to give two seasons' servica
* toe 9 $$.€}& HSMnefta FoT \\ \ at .east. We know at this pries we have *
* " ith . . 7?+** Gs&hsitßf A fine rs " lP>Bei4st Shi&f , M ° n " *b£2B*£Se \\ \ the b:st garments fo: the money possible •*
» patent leather tip,, '.urned pewed . 0 - 8 , . . .^ lp p 9 ' 1 Frames, 4^c. sortment " "'•* • "" day only, we . 2*e j^arrf. \\\ for you to obtain, and we are just assure %
6 eewedsoles, sprin? herls, ex- fi ° e %VvW R FrBKWS, 4-3 Cm of Cabi- ' an extra fir ; e quaity 46-:nch 6" BatlidQS. 26C yard* \ thatyou would have to pay $15 for some of 5
* tra valuer sizes stoB, so d We sell s z>j S'toll fr n"t-i7e Frames. 16 d ff-rent designs, Henrietta, high satin finish, in thro** For Monday, we offer ono case of 610 / II them c sewhere. *See them. It's another *
* formerly at $I.lo— reduce i to ( ' ? *. U« in Old Du'ch, T>rra C:tts. Greei an ! : hades of dark blue, navy marino ard yards of navy blue twilled F annel, c£^ LJ item of Emporium quality worth .'inquiring *
I 380 '"\y sell" s ; z'=s'll.'"to Aft ' Gilt, En-Mi-h and Antique 0:k. Blacks pro?, just the thing for Children's k9 inches wide, pure wool, finely finish- C? into. *
1 ' ' ' S' 33 and Giits. width .f m ridings Xto 1 Bch ol dresses and Ladies' morning el, sntabla for shirts, winter suit?, '■ . *
«k 'Zi "*?. inch each fitted with am »r";o m-.tc\ wrappers, regularly $1.00 a yard for skirts, etc., a 373^c per yard valu», at «^«*»- 5
& frilt corner? ad easTl back, vry at- 62c the spe ially reduced price 26c rS&BB EtNf£s&fi£3(££&*\f **
t fsf»fo& &6g*nß*tpisSß tractive and handsome, regularly 75c — \ ' " — ~~ """ mwa mßßßmrnn^a <*& m .^^^'V «
* Robe Blankets, in new striped effects, reverdb'e, sn : table for e , ch fo . *"""'"* b 4?o £2£tß*2iH@B*diSSliS&R*W £$ff&ff* ggS Pattern Hats, f^m the word's test [fS^A *
<» Robe Elankets, in ne>v Btrip.-M effects, revar.ib'p, satable for SL 2\ 3 Fii3 (ZMM^&f? ££$<£§&* W %JSIQB* in makers $SS.QO to $*Q. 09 [%?*£s^?k *
* making jacket', cr^h-r gown?, etc., in a 3ji-nii ' line of EmS^iS^tr our of th ' bsst mm « *m& Pattern Hats, copied by ourselves V^^^^^^v *
I newcotonng, ,i«e 72x86 inches, each.... $**so specials. tt*7S£Z UndermZB&s 7nS. ilidla^^^^J^ W^M I
I Golf Shaw's wedntTay^ M n ' 37 ' Tue?day and A LQt °/ B^ *g $ 35 f arments at the i^SSSSLsfS^JfX^ !
j txotr *~n*BYn&. Narjee Brandy-?* year. -'d. Uniform Price ot 38c Each. ii.h us ... $4.73 to 5/0-03 / srf» *
f » A new lot of superior quality al;-wool rlsn paid Go: f Shiw>, reau nriv $I.EO a ' «f!e, f, r...5!.25 „On Monday, while quantity lasts, we offer a lot Of 300 piece., Liberty Eagle Quiils, 12 inch9s to 27 7/ CW 5
jv now ?o ranch used for stvhah cap?s, all fresh from thi H^rmitsaa WhlskfV— Snr n^ nt. i.-ir 1 x ! / 1 " ol " : >> " D UUCI *7 UI ouvpiet.es, incV.ei lonff 25r» to M.ftri 1, V «
* looms, ..oh / ! $6*53 m m 'S^f t.^.?t $^.. 0? fo^r g. 1 Sft^B? ****** made in . best manner by he best makers. T^W^taGl f. ™._" v' V LI/// *
* 53.60, bott'es re v arly $1 3^, for Jme Muslins, Cambrics and Nainsooks, elaborately and delicately 53 C to $3*50 W$^ r c §M'" *
£ " $1.00 trimmed with embroidery or lace. Gowns, Skirts, Corset Covers, Latest Millinery shsdes, velvets, stitched t ofii&s%^ %
* D^Wea Comforters^ Dosscrt Mffnos-Angelica,_ Mm- Drawers. These goods cannot be made at the special price, 98c fe ts and nettings for those trimming v^f^ 2,
% BeHt Frer.c Sateen covered I own Ccmforters. lib r*'V fiUod *" 4; JSJJJ SI.OO many ° f them cannot be made for ? 3 - 50 - There are only 300 the ° Wn hatS -__ «
with ens fluff/ down !ju;t opened each $5 5} Blackberry brantSy — ".-true altogether— better come in the morning to secure any of these -^^ __ 5
* : ! bottie» P a ; ial sale- 50c bargains. - ■ SSOY&Sp H&Z&fePS; *
%0- nn. wo&i Bizisksts. coo p ,r , $mait Notions. Naed B Lsßm®? IHl&mßk&i*- ?'V™, Fittings. I
Our lines complete, frcm the ordinary cct:on at 60c pair to 6-4 Mohair Shoe Laces, 3 pah-s for.. lGc M »'^« toadies S*" #
I large in , 1? e .nd dainty in finish, weight 0 , t ,. at pgr. y,rd L S 60 f^p^ipilgg?^ m , d in ™n o ks £, ef V"™: <*** Heaters* w style heavy nickel trimmings, orna- *
* " *"*" 0 2 dozjn good quality Pearl Buttons, for N-»w fancy design Tab Limp por- ceptional value $1.15 the doz>n mental base, removable top for heating watar, Russia iron
? • SO oelain bowl with 7 inch shade or 'globe or each fOo drum. SO hche3 high $2*75 «
* M# m « h m AM BTgr+c,*****?** Ball and Socket*, black and white, cozen tinted in blua or pink with raised 150 dozen Cambric Liwn Fancy H-m- gas rif&mfir, any length, per foot 5o *
J Wrapper FSaßin@lSm Q O gold decorations, complete $1.50 "titched Rsvere Handkerchief..; a .rood °" /'- wafers-Open front corrugated reflector ; fancy #
* Fine all-woo: Sicque F ann« ? , in plai an : .tr.pes, Including Gorun, English Pins, paper So 1rr ualit y 5 dozen, or #<?o"each " icke ' 0 B °° V *' D ° Smell " 3 23 J
i new camera hair efT.cts, a good B ,ortm»t, yard 35 O Ntw Oxidized Sash Bu:kc S , e.c,..60c J[\ UnEnSi^M^™^* SW^S^S or°JSS! «^=^l^a^ I
* Pompadour Com v I, full n'l;, each. ..150 /^*^*~^N. pi $t*4O dozer each /?' o large ov.-n, shallow fire box. '<|^. :? ia e j™ ssia s™^' = * *
»' Printed Flannelettes. D,,imßr..h.»dcombca..«ch....«o / «n\ /^cx 16 i t"^'-.?? 1 " 1^ '" 1 . d le «rJp' iSfS'lJi™ JtOsi^isawlß 1
I Bureau Scarfs. *?.™.™^:*Z^eo V^/ ?^ k S|^ . ff-^ |
A A special pircha^eff 2-1 dozen only nicely made Irish Point _ P^i Ji ..PJ 11 9U73 doz n, each /5? TiinVnnedroal <£> Sißfl ~^ *
1^ — ~ A though shec.s nnd Hh?cting< hive ' i^_l_jJ each . 250 Ornamental JapanneJ Coal Vases $3.50
£_- x gOKo 'up T3ry muo'M, our foresight in « \ -V; D * W A new lot of "verv"handiom"*Vace e^e " Heavy, ga'vtnizrd iron Ash Birrel $I*SQ ■#
* NeWBSt Arriva', during the past week from th,bo 3 k. pVch »l»* largsly from tie mill, enable. . Po:»shej Brass Bmquet m . and insertion £nTerch™e!s with lX ■ A ooi BtoT.» 8ru5h...... - /2c «
{ BOote. Publishing centers cf Wl« , ?jfe^ ° Ur Ua .. OWt rie "' or c eTt /r dr^u^ | centers, very .ffectiv^y.e, «*£- K£«ds?^ S
i - The Gentle** From India*/ by Booth i 5 ? " * 4^:!'.^J !?3SMSfSfi i !
! ..^iSrioF^;rb7A==^ B^hVdsh^;;;;:^o inche^a^ S-;^-^^^k HelliSP^-- Optical Department. %
% iis?Bto|S4? Mr. «and.r. 1.25 .»8 ••••-;. ; ... r ....-............»7 © complete l 3 Irish peasant dustry 'JS CO dS' Rubber Frame Eveglssse... convex len.» ~ 15c and 25c i
5 "The Kero of byi»'Si.ter 1.00 .75 B eached Sheets, si« 63x9 ) inche-. each Ir.sh peasant iu ustry...>3.oO do,- - RubberFrameEyeg!ag3 es, double convex lenses «
6 Boyt Bcok o- lnv ntlon-," by Bake 2.'H) I-ghj "»^.O The new low- ' Zsj 50cam75 C ♦
: , "To Lsnion Town" by Arthur Morrison 1.60 I.BIS Bleached Shtcts. 72x90 inohes. ..4- 7%0 _. shape Parlor CamhrSG LaCB Opera G as-e?, with case $2.50 to $15.00 *
* .. ■ tleociied Sheet*, szj 81x90 inches, eact, /rH=v Lamp, center sa am «•«■«*«? v
* 52.X.0 -*-^. draft burner, ratZßmS. J
♦ Leather Goods* B«ch.dB! .t^9o«wj»-h. 37 *° 4^ ' (J^NKwr.^^- B fa« o rnf:...!!^ in l^. < : e cutiery--Piated Ware. *
% „ O■, r o c \fr,^n. Pnlla oi,«««:« rt .'D . M pi ' X— ..«~-J0 in( ? h dom9 SC, 8c IQg, ISO and 25© each Stag Hand c Carvers, 9 inch blade, per pair $1.25 «
J Purses, Card Cases, MUSIC Rollß, Shopping Bags, EtO. # shade, hand- A full line of the Tie Ends, Scarfs, StaJ Handle Carvers, silver p'ated ferule?, 9 inch hlade, set *
£. Combination Purse and Gird Case, grain leather, assorted rtannßßetfßS. Ji2r comely deco- Squares Yoke 3 and Collar patterns. o7 3 pieces $2.50 *
& co ors £3o Bast q-jalitv Amoskeag Domets, m Myht "4j^^^! k rated with Bu'tenbarg Rings, white and cream. Rus-eli's White Handle Dinn-r Khiva, set of 6 $1.50 *
** Ladits' Coin Purse, loin: shape, b.aok an i colors 2So and medium color stripes and /£"jtf^^^*\ dark bronze d0zjn........ Go 1847 Roger Brcs.' Silver Pat d Kaives, set of 6 $1.60 2
j£ combination Purse and Card G33-*, With Bma'l i: Bide pock t, plii s, Buitable for uadergirmenls, ("^x^j^J^ ) foot and lif; Battenberg Lace Tnread, all aia-s, eich Quadruple pate Co.nbinat'on Sugar Bowls, satin fiaiB\ bright 5,
■* epiri^ fram? \..500 w.ap;er3 and underskirt? liio bettar V*Jy»^2l? J out oil pot — .! 5© cut, with 12 spoons... $8.75
«[ Music Roll-, li«ht tan grain leather iP-??3 w*arin^ fabric of the kin J), yard complete.. Braids, whit* and cream Quadrnp c pate Butter Dish, satin finis >, bright cut -$2.50 *
'!&> Leather £h)ppinj; Ba^s with cloth tope S3o b%O *» :rt * a5P^? 1 .$6.75 2 5 H 0 350 and 500 piec9 Quadruple p ate Cake Basket, low stand, bright' cue. s2. so «
* * * ' $
H. E. HUNTINGTON COMES
TO REASSUME HIS SWAY
THE NEPHEW OF THE PRESI
DENT AGAIN IN POWER.
Wise Ones Look Forward to Some
Important Changes Among
Southern Pacific Officials.
H E. Huntirgton, director of t..e
Southern Pacific Company and nephew |
of his uncle, arrived in the city yester- j
day from New York, where, as he puts
it, he has been for some time past, "en- j
joying a vacation." With him came his
motherland Miss Clara Huntington. The |
party was due to arrive on the train i
scheduled to arrive at 9:45 a. m., but, j
as usual, the cars rolled in so late as to
make it nearly evening before Mr. Hunt- j
ington reached his home on Jackson
Btreet.
When seen last night at his house Mr.
Huntington said he did not come out j
here to have anything to do with the !
Southern Pacific beyond the duties which ;
his position as director entailed. He did I
not know what had taken General Man
ager Kruttschnltt to Chicago nor could
A 1.0 figure on the possibilities . ojC either .1,
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL., SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
himself or the "Discriminator" being ap
pointed to the second vice presidency
when Mr. Crocker shall leave that office
vacant. He did not even know that Mr.
Crocker had sold out his stock. He had
heard the report and believed it to bo
well founded, but he had no personal
knowledge of the transaction. He did
not know when C. P. Huntlngton would
favor the coast with a visit.
Mr. Huntington said that he would not
assume the position of assistant to the
president. He would, so he said, only
retain his connection with the company
through his present position as a direc
tor. Those who are generally considered
wise ones say otherwise, however.
According to these gentlemen Mr. Hunt
ington will soon be restored to either his
old place or be appointed to the second
vice presidency. For a while he may be
allowed to remain without any official
title, but that will not interfere with his
power. He has been sent out here to rep
resent his uncle and his place Is so well
established and his powers so thoroughly
I recognized that when he takes his place
at his desk to-morrow morning it w..l
I be on the fifth floor of the great yellow
building on Montgomery street, where the
balance of power will be concentrated.
These wise ones say also that Krutt
schnltt Ib soon to receive some signal
! mark of the consideration in which he is
held by Mr. Huntington. Kruttschnltt is
now in Chicago and will probably go on
to New York before he returns. There Is
nothing now doing which should carry
him so far afield and the knowing ones
say that when he returns he will carry
with him the promise of being made sec
ond ric« president or of receiving gome
other elevation In rank even though it
should be necessary to create a brand
new office for his special benefit.
BITTEN BY WALLACE.
The Vicious Brute Attacks Frank
Kent, Its Keeper.
Frank Kent, who has charge of the
menagerie at the Chutes, attempted to
make friends with Wallace, the ferocious
Hon. Friday night and was severely bit
ten on the right hand. Kent approached
the brute and started to pet it. Instantly
Wallace charged on him, catching his
hand in his jaws.
Kent lustily screamed, which had the
effect of frightening off the lion. Had he
not screamed Kent believes that he would
have had his arm bitten off. As it was
his hand was severely cut by coming in
contact with the lion's teeth and he was
compelled to at once seek medical aid.
Dairyman Expires Suddenly.
George Michaelis, a dairyman residing
at 3117 Sacramento street, died suddenly
yesterday morning. Michaells was mak
ing preparations to accompany his wife
on a trip out of town, when he suddenly
keeled over and died in a few moments.
He had been suffering from heart failure
for some time, and to this ailment his
death is attributed. Deceased was a na
tive of Germany and 66 years . of age.
His widow and several children survive
him,
YORKE COUNCIL'S DANCE
AND ENTERTAINMENT
Yorke Council No. 508. T. M. 1., gave a
successful entertainment and dance In
Native Sons' Hall last evening. The pro
gramme rendered was an excellent one
and was well received by the audience. It
was as follows:
Overture. W. B. Kbesel's orchestra; address,
William M. Gill, president; barytone solo (se
lected). Avit La Faille; recitation. William J.
Walsh; selections, Joseph Hansen; soprano
solo (selected). Miss Rose KillgarlfT (Miss K.
Scanlon accompanist); topical selections, Wil
liam Coughlin; duet (selected). R. W. Jones
and Edward Lotz; comicalities. Michael Scan-
Ion; tenor solo (selected). M. Riley.
The officers of the society are as fol
lows:
Thomas J. Horan, past president; William M.
Gill, president; Harry MeNesby. first vice pres
ident; Charles D. O'Connor, second vice presi
dent; John A. Dolan, recording secretary; Jo
seph Mungenast, financial secretary; William
J. Walsh, treasurer; J. Thomas Dougherty,
marshal: John T Rodden, inside sentinel; Ar
thur O'Keefe, outside sentinel; Dr. Joseph F.
Douglass, medical examiner. Executive com
mittee—Stephen M. Burke. John V. Doherty,
J. J. Riley.
Swedish Society Ball.
The Swedish Society celebrated its
twenty-seventh anniversary with an en
tertainment and ball at Turn Vereln Hall,
823 Turk street. Jast night. The Swedish
Singing Society rendered several selec
tions, after which a one-act comedy was
played with T. W. Linck, K. A. Lunu
strom. Olof Baarnhjelm, Gustav Schro
der and Mrs. J. H. Merrill in the cast.
The floor was then cleared for dancing,
which was kept up until the small hours
of the morning
HEAD OF THE CHURCH.
Bishop Potter of New York Here En
Route to Honolulu.
Right Rev. H. C. Potter, Bishop of
New York and premier Episcopal prelate
of the United States, arrived in this city
last evening and registered at the Occi
dental, en route to Honolulu and thence
around the world, via Japan, China, In
dia and the Suez canal. Bishop Potter is
a gentleman of polished manner, great
affability and possessed of a personal
magnetism that makes Itself felt as soon
as one comes into his presence.
When seen last evening at his hotel
Bishop Potter said that his present trip
was taken with the twofold purpose of
preparing the way for the American
House of Bishops to take over the dio
cese of Hawaii and to consummate a trip
around the world that he has long had
In contemplation.
When the Hawaiian Islands were und^r
a government of their own the diocese
was presided over by an Anglican Bishop.
But now that they have become Unite*
States territory they will pass under the
authority of the American. Episcopal
church, and it is to prepare the way for
this change that the Bishop is now Jour
neying toward Honolulu.
From Honolulu Bishop Potter will jour
ney to Japan and around the world. Ho
is as yet undecided as to whether or not
he will visit Manila, but it is more than
Hkely that he will see something of the
island of Luzon, particularly as he is a
strong anti-expansionist and will natur
ally want to thoroughly inform himself
on all matters pertaining to Uncle Sam's
new acquisitions. While on his way out
to this coast Bishop Potter delivered an
address at St. Paul against imperialism
which created a sensation and gave a
blow to the politicians who see in the
Philippines an opportunity for gain,
which they will be some time in getting 1
ovr.
The Bishop will preach at this mnrn
lng"s service at Grace Episcopal Church,
and in the evening he will deliver an ad
dress at the Church of the Good Samari
tan, corner of Second and Folsom streets.
How loner the distinguished prelate will
remain in San Francisco has not yet beea
determined.
San Francisco Girls' Union.
At the annual mooting of the San Fran
cisco Girls' Union held at 929 Pine street,
the follow^ig officers were elected: Presi
dent, Mrs. E. B. Young; first vice presi
dent. Mrs. W. E. Dennison; second vice
President, Mrs. J. G. Walker; secretary.
Irs. A. Houston; treasurer, Mrs. R. R.
Haskell; directors— Mrs. Emilia Tojetti,
Mrs. J. Brandt, Mrs. J. Wainwright, Mrs.
F. G. Sanborn, Mrs. W. M. Swett and
Mrs. A. H. Boomer.
56
SUNDAY OCTOBER 22, 1800
JOHN D SPRECKELS. Propriety
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. ....Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISOB.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone llaln 1874.
EELIVEKED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Bfncl* Cop!**. 5 cents.
Terrrs by Mall, Including Postage:
TAIT.T CALL (Ir.clud'.rg Sunday Call), one y»ar fO.OO
t/AILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 month* 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 month* — 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Stngrlff Month *••"«
EINUAY (ALL One S>*r l- '°
T.'EEKLY CALL One Year I'oo1 ' 00
Al! postmasters a:e au:hor!:ed to rwlv. subscription!.
Eoir.:!B copies will be fcrwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 903 Broadway
C. •' FORGP. KHOGIVEBB.
ftlane£er ropri^n Advertising, Morquctto Building,
Cliica^o.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDED i
C. C CARLTON Herald 6quar«
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
•»ERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Rherinun Hon«e; P. O. rtew* Co.; Great Ncrtfeera IMat;
IYt.: House: Auditorium H.-,tel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldort-Artoria Hotel; A. Br<_ntano. 11 Union E<juax»l
Murray Hill Hotel.
Washington ( d. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
ERA?"CiI OFFICES— S27 :omery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, oocn untl'
9:30 o'clock. 639 A'.cA! lister street, open uottl 9:33
c^c'cc'k;- 615 Lcr^ln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock
ls4l Mission street, opan ur;t!l 10 o'clock 22C MarKet
ttrcet. ccrncr Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- '09#
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty*
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
lie."
. Pj, .
■
!
i: and
IIUm.
-.ces.
'i^rin."
• >-day.
I ■
'. ti lay.
AUCTION SALES.
■ tober JS. at It o'clock.
I
- .". at 11 o'clock. Horses.
: ' net, etc, a; 1513
iv. October "4. at ::
THE MUNICIPAL FIGHT.
"\ \ I Experiencing some dirTY
/ \ rats to vot( rty ticket .
* - to bolt their?. V<
c in a Democrat and con- i
. Republican. At the same time
. harge i ide against
standing and fidelity of a ,
Republican ticket Vet in his
rs in the Fortieth 1 1
st. Mr. Pi Hie Republi- '
ti ■ '- to tiie charter; they are
• • introduce partisan politics."
in politics consists in Republi
• n ticket! lie charge? re
ns have no sympathy with the
■ be examined in a brief com
.'iielan and ILon. Horace Davis.
•■is elected to Congress he was a
: r and his principal market
by enterprise and intelligence j
profitable export trade with that
try. In his busy life and many contacts he had
- rowing danger to American labor here
■? coolie competition. He believed that a
the fate white labor was impending, j
He was not only a witness to its growing distress,
but he felt the pinch that hurt the white laborer. In
Congress he took a strong position in favor of Chi
nese exclusion. He was a pioneer in the measures
of national legislation for the relief of the white labor
of California from Chinese competition. His learn
ing, industry and character lifted the issue into '
.iner.ee and he devoted them all to indoctrinating i
tern sentiment with a sense of the nerd* of white j
labor here. We all know now how necessary was j
such education in the East Looking back we are
amazed at the total indifference felt there upon that
subject.
When Mr. Davi= took that position and stood for
the : ■ hite labor immediately his export trade
struck at destructively by China. While he
ingly for the rights of labor he saw his
with China disappear and suffered the loss of
it- profit with no expression of regret, for it was sac
-1 to what he considered to be his duty to his
fellow man. He had inherited no fortune. He had
to begin winning one on the level with the masses
remembered the tirst stages of his
er and he saw others starting as he had handi
ped and thrown by the competition of Chinese
>r, and he Ifastly, while his export busi
ebbed away to nothing.
All this means that Horace Davis, who is nightly
. by Mr. Phelan of having no sympathy for
le, did in their behalf make a sacrifice at
■ men would hesitate. To him Chinese
n was a principle which must not be weighed
money losses. So he lost the money, in
•ids. and cheerfully abided by principle.
Mr. Phelan is among the people calling
Horace Davis "a traitor" to their interests.
Will some- one tell just what Mr. Phelan has sac
■ d in behalf of the people! What trade has he
lly, in the interest of white labor and its
t ' By what principle has he stood at
• ]:\^ pocket? Has he not, on the other hand,
■I principle to his ambitions? In 1806. when
. sympathy with the gold Democratic move
lich was a principle that thousands of men
regardless of its effect upon their personal
Phelan was anxious to be Mayor and
principle go. When he was expected in
rion of the gold Democracy his absence
on the ground that he could get the
tllu irate the difference between
- Davit. The white laborers of this
r Davit an acknowledgment that when
friend* he Itood with them to his own
ejf owe to Mr. Phelan remains
1-, be figured out.
FILIPINO INDUSTRY.
GENERAL FUNSTON, in one of his recent
talks, is reported as saying: "A Filipino is
chronically tired. He is born tired; he stays
I and he dies tired. It you hire him he will labor
a few days, and then he goes out of the work business
for about a week, while he attends a fiesta or two. It
n't matter how much or how little you pay him;
ilipino will work just as hard for 50 cents a week
. lor 50 cents a day."
h: that statement General Funston has found the
crux of the whole question. In the characteristics he
the Filipino he describes all the tropical race*
races that have tried migration to the tropics.
Man. everywhere, is subordinate to his physical en
ent. He has energy and accumulates wealth
only in such environment as presents a natural re
sistance winch energy may overcome. Civilization
and its great institutions have followed the temperate
zone around the world. In that zone ha« always been
the wealth of the world. No tropical country was
ever wealthy. That part of the globe that lies under
m has always been poor. As we approach
the equator the energy of man declines, and the
bounty of nature increases to an extent that supplies
the physical wants with but little human exertion.
• General Fdnston observed marks the difference
between tinental and insular expansion. No
who opposed or who favored the Louisiana
and Florida purchase, the admission of Texas and the
: what came to us after the Mexican war,
unds. All of it was territory lying
in the temperate zone, fit for occupancy by a homo
geneous people, and with a physiography that re
quired exertion to produce the necessaries of life and
sustain existence. As its physical character did not
widely vary, the system of government required for its
civic administration esi I equality before the
r a people who are . with another, in
»c environment. Eqt me to be the rule
ernment because of these physical conditions
and the likeness of the people to each other. When
to the tropical inlands all this is changed. The
that people them arc not suited to our racial in
• ns. As physical conditions are unequal, the
laws regulating the rights of person and property.
and the statutes that re'este to the hours and conditions
of labor, and the wages fixed by the standards of
life, applicable here, are inapplicable in the tropics.
ral Fonston has aided in inflaming the Ameri
by an alluring picture of the wealth
to be : the natural resources of the Philip
. s will equal Java and Ceylon.
That r. • But as the Filipinos, un
. vertical sun. are born tired and
ng lin their energies and labor
there, I extracted from the natural rc
-. will have to be won by forcing
r under natural conditions that make voluntary
■ me. If we are to get the
riches that are waiting in the swamps and forests we
■ ■ as the British planters in Ceylon and the
Dutch in Java have done, by instituting what Pro-
I . 1 calls "a benevolent despotism," either
exercised over the tired natives or by the use of
■ • tract labor from China.
It is not wise to tell the American people, as in
iral Department has in an ofn
: rep ■■*. that "the Philippines open up alluring
prospects lor the American home-seeker." Xor is it
wise to make it appear that the indisposition of
the natives to work is eradicable by any change in
Iheir form of government or religion or their method
of education. In each case these anticipations will not
be fulfilled, therefore it is unwise to encourage them.
Just in proportion as they are unjustifiably encour
the reaction be severe.
There is no place for the American home-seeker in
the islands, not only because of their present dense
population but by reason of a poison climate in which
the white home-«eeker cannot live and work.
In this business, then, it is well to start with no
illu ns that when dispelled will cause an afflicting
reaction. Xo temperate zone nation has ever secured
any profitable commerce out of its tropical posses
sions except by forced or servile labor. From the
Philippines we must look to China for the coolie labor
which will enrich the few Americans who can go with
capital to add to their wealth by employing a form
of labor repugnant to all American ideas and cus
toms. This will be our method there, and there will
be as little thought about the elevation of that kibor,
its education and training for an advance in the
standards of life as there is in California on the same
lines in regard to the Chinese coolies here. Neither
the labor laws, customs nor wages in the Philippines
will be on an equality with those at home. Vast
fortunes may be made there by a few of our country
men, as the Dutch have made them in Java and the
English in Ceylon, but the masses of our people will
not participate in them, btit will plod along in the
place and way fixed by nature.
Mayor Phelan can find nothing of good in Re
publicans or Republican principles. Yet in having
the assurance Jo ask for Republican votes he cer
tainly must think that out of evil something good
must come.
THE CARE OF FORESTS.
[NNESOTA, having given considerable at
/ \ tention to the condition of her forests and
1 * having employed an expert to devise a plan
for reforesting large areas of laud on which the tim
ber has been destroyed, will, it is said, apply to Con
gress this winter for assistance in the work. The Gov
ernment will be asked to establish a national park
to include upward of a million acres of land in the
Leach Lake Indian reservation and to maintain on it
a forest under scientific cultivation.
Whether the Government accede to the desire of
Minnesota or not. the debate on the measure a ill
have the effect of bringing to the attention of Con
gress the vast importance of our forests and the im
perative need of devising some means of protecting
them. It is not at all likely, however, that Congress
will undertake that supervision as a part of the work
of the National Government. The conflict of inter
cuts would l>c too confusing. It is as much as Con
gress can do to handle a river and harbor bill with an
approach to fairness and economy. If all the States
v,ere to enter into a new rivalry to obtain grants and
appropriations for forest reserves Senators and Rep
resentatives would hardly have time for anything
else than log-rolling and making deals for appropria
tions.
Moreover, Congressional action, even if in the end
it should be taken, will be long delayed. It there
lore behooves the States to enter upon the work of
forest protection for themselves. Thus far Minne
sota has done well. She has made liberal appropria
tions for the protection of her timber and has em
ployed men of scientific eminence and expert knowl
edge to investigate and determine what is best to be
done to save the remnants of those mighty forests of
pine which were once declared to be inexhaustible.
That which she asks of the National Government will
be no more than supplementary to that which she is
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1599.
doing for herself, and her claim will therefore have
rr.ore weight than would attach to a similar claim
froni a community which, like California, has done
little or nothing to protect itself.
The plan proposed for the Minnesota park appears
perfecly feasible. It is designed to permit the cut
ting of timber within its limits, but under govern
mental restriction. Such a system might well be ap
plied by the nation and by the States to nearly all the
timber lands that remain. It is said France derives
a revenue of $2 62 annually for each acre of its state
forests; the little duchy of Baden has an annual
net income of $667,000 from its 240,000 acres of public
forest; the Black Forest in Wurtemburg is made to
yield $2 50 an acre; the forests of Sweden, Switzer
land and other countries will compare favorably with
these, and in every ca«e the forest is preserved as in
violable capital, planting following cutting, and only
those trees that are fit for the ax being taken.
The forest fires that have been raging in so many
parts of California until the rain checked them at
test the urgent need of prompt action in this State to
protect the woods. It will be gratifying of course to
have the National Government give aid in the work,
but we should not wait for that aid. California is one
of the States of the Union whose people are suffi
ciently rich and intelligent to help themselves.
A German editor has been sent to prison for criti
. bis Emperor, and the decree does not state
whether Emperor William considers himself above
or below criticism.
PACIFIC COAST INTERESTS.
BY all odds the most important part of the work
undertaken by the recently organized Traffic
Association is that of urging the appointment
of n representative of the Pacific Coast to the Inter
state Commerce Commission. Such an appointment
vould be a recognition of the rights of this section
of the Union and would place in a position of power
ard authority a guardian of those rights whenever
threatened.
Events now occurring manifest clearly the need of
such a representative. For some time past the ag
gressive merchants and manufacturers of St. Louis
and Chicago have-been seeking to induce the Inter
state Commerce Commission to so change freight
rate« as to give to those cities and others in the same
region of the country a considerable advantage over
the cities of the sea coasts on both the Atlantic aivj
the Pacific side of the country. If the scheme be
carried out the merchants and the manufacturers of
the Pacific Coast will be so heavily handicapped that
many of them will be virtually crowded out of busi
ness.
The merchants of this city have taken active and
well considered steps to avert the danger. Ry the
organization of the Traffic Association they have not
only acquired a greater force than they could have
exerted by acting separately, but they have been able
to rally to their aid in the contest the more enter
prising citizens of other Pacific Coast cities. It i*
now certain that when the issue is joined with St.
Louis and Chicago before the Commerce Commis
sion San Francisco will not have to make the fight
alone. The whole Pacific Coast for once will be
united for the maintenance of its rights.
While the immediate point at issue is that of set
tling freight rates, it will be readily perceived that
even a complete victory for us on that score would
be of but temporary value, since the question could
and would probably be reopened at the next meeting
of the commission. So long as we have not in that
body a representative of our interests, so long will
there be danger of the establishment of rates which
will work material harm to our merchants and our
industries. The main point, therefore, which is now
at stake is that of obtaining such representation, and
to that end all the commercial and political influences
of the coast should be directed.
In an emergency of this kind it would be folly to
introduce State prejudices or antagonisms. The ob
ject of the movement is not to advance the fortunes
of some candidate in this State or in Oregon or in
Washington, but to bring about the selection of a
strong, able, resolute, sagacious man to represent the
whole Pacific Coast on the commission and to guard
its interests in all controversies over the regulation
of rates.
The time, therefore, has come for the exercise of
a genuine Pacific Coast patriotism. If there be divi
sions among ourselves there will be but a forlorn
hone of winning, but if the representatives of all the
coast cities can unite in urging the selection of some
man who will represent the whole coast, the much
desired object may be attained. The issue is one
whose importance cannot be ignored, and it is grati
fying to note that at present all prospects point to
the conclusion that the merchants of the coast are in
thorough accord on the subject and are going to
work together in harmony to the end.
A VOICE FROM THE TRANSVAAL
ACCORDING to the Mosquito, a satirical
weekly published in the English language at j
Johannesburg, South Africa, the dissensions
and controversies which have led up to the war be
tween the Boers and the British were not caused by
the Boers or by the Uitlanders who went to the I
Transvaal to work, or by the mining magnates of the
Rand, Each of those parties, says the Mosquito, has i
good reasons for desiring peace. The disturbance !
has been started and fomented by another class of
men altogether.
In a leader headed "Plain Speaking" the Mosquito J
says: "In the words of Zola, 'J'accuse' the Kimberley j
diamond bosses who tired of wandering in the wil- !
derness of charterland are, under the leadership of
their Moses, the arch conspirator. Rhodes, endeavor- I
ing to seize this land of promise. 'The Jameson raid ■
failed; the Cape Premiership was lost; the spoils j
which they have cajoled from the British public have
been squandered; so as a dernier ressort these auda
cicus conspirators are endeavoring to use the great '
British nation as a catspaw to attain their ends. The I
latest war cry is the supremacy of the English race
over the Dutch in South Africa, which certainly
sounds harsh from a conglomerate people whose
racial mixture is its strongest point."
This view of the situation which preceded the war
is interesting mainly because of the source from
which it comes. It makes evident the fact that a
proportion of the English speaking Uitlanders at
Johannesburg sufficiently strong to support a first
class weekly journal regard Rhodes as the cause of
all their troubles, and do not look upon Kruger as an
oppressor. The Mosquito quotes with approval the
saying of another English newspaper of the city: "We
came here to work, not to agitate, and we have the
moral courage of our opinions." It is a pity the voice
of such men had no weight in England. Rhodes has
had his way.
The San Rafael Justice of the Peace who held
court the other day in the rear room of a saloon is
probably so firm a believer in side entrances that he
thinks there ought to be one to a court of justice.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
By courtesy of the author, Orlando J.
Smith, there has come to me a little vol
ume bearing the title. '-'A Short View of
Great Questions." The questions are
those the human mind is forever asking
concerning the nature of the soul and lts_
relations to the universe. The short'
view Is that the soul Is as eter
nal as the universe Itself. It was
not created, as the theologians say, nor
evolved through ages of development, as
the scientists say, but was and is and
shall be because it is itself a part of the
universe, and not subject to either crea
tion or annihilation.
The hook Is a presentation of the philos
ophy which underlies the doctrine of the
transmigration of souls, and comes well
recommended. Colonel Roh»rt G. Ingersoll,
who saw the advance sheets of the work,
wrote to the author: "You have stated
your ideas with great force and clearness.
You have made the best presentation that
I have read." John Clark Rldpath wrote:
"I can but regard your book as a per
manent contribution to literature. Your
work Is more than an Interesting addi
tion to polite letters; it Is a profound
study upon what I can but regard as the
greatest of all questions— the question of
human destiny. You have added to the
world of thought and hope, and that Is
far greater than to add to the world of
passing emotion."
That much of commendation Is suf
ficient to show how Tar we have pro
gressed in our intellectual development.
It is not so very long ago since in an
effort to break the will of a rich man
the fact that he believed In the transmi
gration of souls was submitted as evl
j dence of unsound mind, and the court ad
: netted it. Xow the same doctrine is re
ceived with approval, and an argument
in its favor Is hailed as a permanent con
i tributlon to literature. Thus do we grow
j in variety if not in wisdom, and produ c
new philosophers as well as new million
aires.
• • •
The "short view" argument Is simple.
It begins by asserting as a self-evident
proposition that the supreme law of the
universe is Justice— "Justice to the finest
degree, as exact as arithmetic, as the
| movements of the star:-." It then pro-
Is: "There are but three theories of
: man's origin and destiny. First, tl c
1 theory of materialism, that man's life
I egins with his birth and ends with
the death of his body; second, the theory
I of theology, that man is created at his
birth with an immortal soul which survives
! the death of his body; third, the theory
of reincarnation, sometimes called metem
psychosis, or the transmigration of souls,
that man has an immortal soul which
existed before his birth and survives the
death Of his b0.1y."
After that much has been set forth as
: utable, the rest is easy. It is said:
If God or nature has created one man
good and another man bad, then God or
nature has been unjust. Justice <
I lished only upon one theory— that
■,i of man is pre-exlstent and after
( sclstent, Immortal and eternal. Man will
forever be what he makes himself. His
B and his vices are his own: his
| strength and goodness are his own. "Era
phasis," says the writer, "should be
! upon the fact that the theory of
•.on Is nothing more nor less
, than the doctrine of the complete Immor
tality of the soul. It is no new doctrine,
iw thought, no aew revelation. It Is
but the completion of the old belief which
, all men have held in nearly all
times."
All of which Is most excellent, but I
I would like to see the argument or the
! array of facts on which is based the as
' sumption that the supreme law of the
universe is justice. So far as is known to
me (here is not one Binirie fi>rce In the
universe that tends to justice save only
■the desire of the human Intellect,
'that force i? so easily swayed to contrary
courses by every promise of personal gain
it hardly counts for much save in the
worthiest men. Neither do I see much of
justice In the doctrine of reincan
i Why should a man's soul be
j the next life simply because it makes an
f Itself in this one?
* * *
Elaborating his theory of justice, the
•her of the creed of reincarnation
pays: "The law of averages Indicates that
what is called luck !s only manifest In a
superficial or a temporary sense, and that
in the deeper and iiK«re permanent sense
there Is no such thing as hazard In the
world." He goes on in another place to
say: "Man Is his own savior. Heaven
and hell are real. Hell is in the neglect
ing of opportunities. Heaven is in the
j improving of opportunities."
Were there justice in the world that
might be true, but as there is no justice
It Isn't true. Luck is one of the most
I potent factors in human life. It deter
mines the outcome of almost every yen
! ture. Many a man has seized an oppor
i tunlty only to tind that he has caught a
! hornet. Many a man lias neglected op
portunitles, and by doing so has had a
• opportunity later on. Opportunity
is like a pretty woman. It is sometimes
of advantage to embrace her and f^m'
times of advantage to forego the bliss,
I but as to when the one time and not the
, othT is present no mortal wisdom can
i determine.
Two prospectors go up a mountain path
and reach a place where it can be pur
! sued no further; a turn must be made
either to the right or the left. One man
goes to the right and after dangers and
toils met with courage and perseverance
i leaves his bones In some lonely canyon.
i The other turns to the left and finds a
bonanza. What is it but luck?
One man makes a friend and the friend
betrays him, another makes an enemy and
the enemy serves him; one man marries
I his first love and wishes aftt-rward he had
i gone to Texas first, and another goes to
Texas and behold he finds an angel; one
man sends wheat to a famine land and
it gets there just after the market has
! been overstocked, another sends coal to
Newcastle and it roaches port just as a
i miners' strike occurs and he makes a
I fortune and gets a reputation as a finan-
I cier. The proverb of the people says, -'it
| Is better to be born lucky than rich."
• • •
In the good old days of South Africa,
before the diamond fields wore discovered'
two Englishmen, James Searight and John
Owen Smith, were engaged In partnership
in doing a general trading business
through the country. When they deter
mined to dissolve the partnership and re
tire from trade they found among their
assets a certain tract containing 10,000
acres of land, but situated so far away on
the desolate plateaus of the interior of
the country that It was hardly worth any
thing at all. It was Impossible to put a
value on it. Neither of them would agree
to accept it as any part of his share of the
partnership capital. So they divided it
and then each went his way and thought
no more of It.
In the fullness of time a native of the
wilds found a pretty pebble which he sold
for a trifle and the buyer, taking it to
C;ipe Town, sold it for a fortune, for It
was one of the rarest diamonds on earth
It started a stream of enterprising ad
venturers to the diamond fields and out of
the rush came the founding of a new city
Now it so happened that in all South Af
rica there was no place so fitted for the
metropolis of the diamond diggings as
that particular tract of land which the
British merchants accounted valueless. So
they became speedily rich, enormously
rich. That was luck. Then It chanced the
discovery of the gems occurred just be
fore the formal boundary line between the
British and the Boer possessions was sur
veyed, so the British turned the line aside
and took the rich district for themselves
Thus Klmberley Is British as a result of
luck, but now tha.t the Boers are advanc
ing against It there Is no telling but Us
luck may turn.
• • •
If any particular incident of luck be sep-
arated from the rest of life and regarded
by Itself alone, it would indeed appear to ;
be superficial and temporary. It Is. only
when its effects and consequences are not
ed that its importance in life becomes evi
dent Nothing Is so stimulating to en- :.
ergy, so strengthening to confidence, as
good luck, nor anything more depressing
to the heart and the brain than bad luck. |
Moreover, the fortune which good luck
brings, though it be trifling In itself, opens
a door to another fortune.
The doctrine of reincarnation may be (
true, but it is not to be proven by argu- :
ments based upon the Justice of the nat- \
ural order of things. Unless there be an
almighty creator whose purposes em
brace all the accidents of life and who
in his own way and in his own time In
tends to make them serve the cause of |
justice, then there is not nor ever will be ■
any Justice.
Meantime it Is but fair to say that "A
Short View of Great Questions" is an in- j
teresting contribution toward the solution j
of a problem which will forever engage
the thoughts of all earnest men and wo
men, and while it gives no answer that j
will be acceptable to the general run of
civilized men, It deserves a creditable
place among those attempts which a Bos
ton wit once described as efforts to "scrut i
the inscrutable and poss the impossible." j
Senator Hanna's statement, "It Is an in
sult to Admiral Dewey to speak of him
as a candidate for the Presidency," is a
hard saying. The office of President of
the United States is a very high office
indeed, and to be chosen chief magistrate
of this great republic Is about as exalted
an honor as can be conferred on mortal
man. lie may receive higher glory in
another world, but he can hardly hope
for it here. Nevertheless, the Senator
from Ohio may be right. Dowey is very
high, Indeed. lie might have to i
some and condescend a little to accept
the Presidency.
At a church fair in Haywards they can
onized him and placed his booth among
the booths of the saints and in the Issue
of the Hebrew of this city for Oc
tober 13 there is a reference to the
"Jewish cast" of Dewey's countenance,
a statement that he once remarked that
"so far as he had learned from the read
ing of the history of nations as of Indi
viduals nearly all who amounted to any
thing in the world had a trace of Jew
ish descent"; and a general Intimation
that Dewey Is something of a Hebrew
him?"':'.
g reputed a saint and ar son
of Abraham as well as an ad
miral and the hero of Manila, be
has Btlll other claims to greatness".
Mrs, Hetty Green, the richest w
in America, the woman who never
pays taxes, the woman who beat Joseph
Choate at repartee in a courtroom, s;.'ys
Dewey is kin to her. She declares
i '■ v. ) i ■.-randmother was a Storey, and
lots of her folks wf-re Storeys, and the
Storeys married the Deweys, and th"r*»
re. "You see," she says, "whs
- s knot* we arc right, a locomotive
and a train of cars going down hiil cant
■top as. That is the way with us Deweys,
ally with me and my cousir.
admiral."
.iiiy the admiral is too big for the
Presidency. It couldn't hold him. Mark
i= an Ohio man, it is true, but he
to have sonse.
• • •
Meantime the bearer of all this great
. the recipient of all thfse honors,
the fim and only American to whom a
L"nit>-d States St-nator ever thought it
. bo an Insult to offer the Presl
di ncy, is not so happy as lie might be.
Like everybody el=e. he hap i cotnplau t
. luck and suffers an irremedi
. rong at the hand of fate. "I am too
old to be a hero," be said. "I began this
• in life."
It is the old cry that Ludlow set to
rhyme:
"While we wait for a napkin the soup
:■• ' - .Mid,
While the bonnet is trimming- the fashion
grows old.
When the buttons are matched the pat
torn is sold;
And everything cornea too late, too late."
It is this fact that makes every biog
raphy a story r.f mournful meaning. The
self-made man toils on and fights on and
plans on, and at last wins; but when he
wins the faculty of enjoyment is no
longer active. The choicest wines of
Comet years and imperial growth will not
gladden him as beer would have
in his twentieth year, and all the ap
plnuse of shouting millions will fall less
charming on his ear than the volce*of a
girl would babbling in his youth. It is
very safe to say that on the great day of
the triumphal welcome to the hero* at
New York any young man who watched
the parade in the company of a girl who
knew how to flatter had a better time
than Dewey did. For him at any rate
the occasion had not come "too late in
life."
• • •
There are some problems of government
so profound and so complex, we can
never too much admire the wisdom of the
officials who solved them. The Arabs
have a proverb that whenever Allah calls
a man to an office he provides him with
the wisdom to fill It. That must be as
true in the I'nited States as in the des
erts of Arabia.
Here is an illustration: In the Eastern
papers appeared an advertisement to this
effect: "On April 12. 1906, we will place
on a large sheet one quart of wheat.
Three Plymouth Rock hens, which have
been kept from feed for six hours, will
then be permitted to eat therefrom for
ten minutes, when the remaining kernels
will be taken up, counted and the number
eaten by tin? hens ascertained. To the
subscriber who estimates nearest the
number of kernels eaten by the hens we
will give 150."
The postoffice authorities were called
upon to decide whether the advertised
scheme was or was not a lottery. The
official to whom the problem was referred
evidently derived his brains from Allah,
to whom praise be given, for he has add
ed to the records of our governmental
wisdom this decision: "The eating pro
pensities of hpns, even though they be of
the same breed, undoubtedly vary, and
the number of kernels eaten by one trio
would be no criterion as to the number
that would be taken up by another at
a different time, although under precisely
the same conditions. In my opinion, this
scheme Is a lottery and all matter relat
ing to It is unmailable."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MKOAT.S-1,. J. S., Chat. Cat. If a man j
living near the border line of California
went into the Stale of Nevada and there
enlisted in the Nevada volunteers for the ■
Spanish-American war lie is not entitled '
to one of the Native Sons' medals These
are to be given only to tlu.se who enlisted
in the State of California.
RECEIVING IH.'SriTAI^-Subscriber,
City. A receiving hospital Is a place
where an Individual receives tirst aid, and i
a physician In charge Is not authorized i
to demand any fee while the patient re- i
mains in that hospital. If, after being
discharged from the hospital, the patient
desires to be treated by the physician who
treated him there he hap to employ him as
he would any other physician.
MEN AND WOMEN— A. W., Palo Alto.
Cal. Statistics of population show that
there are more men than women In the
I'nited States, but in some of the States, i
as, for Instance, in Colorado, Connecticut
District ot Columbia, Maryland, Massa
chusetts, Now Hampshire. Now Jersey i
; N 'f W , M J ?xic , 0> *°rth Carolina. iihoJe
Island, South Carolina and Virginia the !
number of women Is in excess of the men I
The census of ISSO showed that the dodu- !
lation was 32,067,850 of. the male sex and
MISCELLANEOUS^
REASONS FOR
ALL THINGS
Pattosien's Pull the Throttle
Wide Open.
Parlor aod Chamber Suites and Side-
boards Come Hrst. Carpets
Come Second.
It takes grit; it takes more than
grit — it takes the mind of a far-seeing
merchant to do in the busy season what
less courageous people would put off
to the dull sea^n — that is. to make the
vast improvements and immense exten-
sion oi the big two-acre store on Six-
teenth and Mission a'most in the midst
of the holiday season.
But PATTOSIEN'S never put off
what is to be done: the question of
profit or loss never figures in their
progress.
The people must be served first and
served best, and served first and last,
no matter at what cost.
Never in the history of the retail fur-
niture and carpet trade have the people
of California had such an opportunity
to beautify their homes at small cost.
chairs' and rockers run
WILD.
PATTOSIEN'S are especially
anxious just now to get the rest of th«
200 Solid Oak Extension Tables out of
the way. Those beautiful golden oak
extension tables are without any doubt
the biggest bargains in America to-day.
Carpets, beautiful patterns, im-
mensely beautiful. Enormous stock of
Axniinsters. Moquettes. Velvets, Body
Brussels, Ingrains and the innumerable
other weaves of carpets, including fifty
rolls of New Pro-Brussels, double-
faced and three feet wide, are on the
list to make work room for the car-
penters. ,
All of these bargains and hundreds^oi
others in the Drapery, Curtain and Up-
holstery departments will make trns
week a lively one for our salesmen
and a glad one for you who can see
through a millstone.
S7O of the female sex. What the
difference Is at this time cannot be as
certained until the census Is taken next
The census of Europ* in 1S!V) showe i
"a greater number of men of military age
than of women who had reached the
child-bearing age.
THE CENTI'RT-H. 0., Mercury.
Sonoma County, Cal. The twentieth cen
tury will commence with the first day
of January, 1501. The first century com
menced with the year 1 A. D., and as It
takes TV) years to complete a century,
the first century did not close until the
last day of the one hundrerth year. The
I century commenced -with .he year
:d bo on down the line. As an
:at lon— you purchase a number of
boxes of cigars, each containing 100
cigars. The first box that >ou broach
• ;ae No. 1, and when you have
out the la.-t cigar you have empUed
\\ l. and you commenci
X ". and the first cigar you take out of
that box is ciga Q until
you have taken the last from that box,
when you open the third box, and the
first cigar out of tha.t box Is the 2*"'lst
cigar; and so it is with the years of a cen
tury.
PROPERTY EXEMPT— A. O. S.. Sul
sun, CaL If a. farmer is indebted for
rejot of the farm he occupies, an action,
it him and judgment
obtained, the following articles are ex
empt from execution: The sec
hold, table and kitchen furniture be
longing to the judgment debtor, includ
ie sewing machine, stove, stovepipe
and furniture, wearing apparel, beds,
Ing and bedsteads, hanging pictures,
oil paintings and drawing's, drawn or
d by any member of tbe family, and
?!.•■ necessary frames, food actually pro
for Individual or fiunily use for
three months, three cws with sucking
. four hogs and their sucking pigs
and the food for such cows and pigs for
two months; the farming Implements of
husbandry of the judgment debtor, two
oxen or two horses or two mules anil
their harness, one cart or wagon and
food for such animals for one month;
aiso all the grain or vegetables actually
provided, reserved or on hand for tha
purpose of planting or sewing at any time
within the ensuinp six months, providing
the value of the same does not exceed
,nd seventy-five beehives and horse
and vehicle belonging to any person who
is maimed or crippled and the same is
necessary in his busir.rp?.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. C. White, the Fresno banker, Is regis
tered at the Lick.
R. R. Bulmore, a mining man of. New
Almadrn, is at the Lick.
E. B. Edson. a wealthy rancher of Ga
, zelle. is a guest at the Occidental.
C. C. Mclver. a capitalist of Mission San
I Jose, is registered at the California.
Assemblyman J. O. Jilson is a guest at
the Grand, where he arrived yesterday
from Jiornbrook.
Levant Cook, a wealthy land owner and
I dairyman of Humbofdt County, Is In town
on 'a short business trip.
Dr. G. W. DwlnneU, one of the leading
; physicians of Montague, is among the re
cent arrivals at the Grand.
S. Butler, a wealthy mine owner of
Grass Valley, is at the Grand while on a
short business trip to the city.
Dr. W. S. Taylor has come down from
Livermor* and is at the Palace, where he
will rematn for the next few days.
W. H. Mead, a prominent railroad an*
passenger man of Portland, Or., is regis
tered for a short stay at the Occidental.
Mrs. Hosmer, sister-in-law of T. H.
Goodman of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has left for an extended visit in the
East.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.-H. Bendell Jr. of
San Francisco is at the Grand. William
- of San Francisco is at the Imperial
H. O. Hamlet of San Francisco is at the
Gilsey. Mrs. Taylor Flickaon of San
Francisco is at the Manhattan. Mrr.o.
Grout of San Francisco is at the Martin.
1,. Holman of San Francisco is at the
Grenoble.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townser.d's.'
Look out for 81 Fourth st. Nr. 5c barber
or grocer. Best eyeglasses 10c and 40c. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t.*a
Press flipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043 •
Tax Suit Dismissed.
United States Judge Hanford, sitting in
the United States Circuit Court, yesterday
sustained the demurrer to the complaint
in the suit of the city and county of San
Francisco and dismissed the suit. The
action was brought to collect the taxes
for 1896 alleged to be due on the solvent
credits of the bank.
— — . . ♦ ■
The Rock Island Wall Map of the
United States
Is the best offered to the public. It Is very
large and specially adapted to school pur
poses. Every teacher of geography and every
business office should have one. It will be sent
post paid to any address on receipt of fifteen
cents In postage stamps or coins. Address John
Sebastian, G. P. A., Chicago, 111.WILL SEARCH FOR
BURIED TREASURE
Mrs. Hitchcock Organ
izes an Expedition.
TO DIG ON COCOS ISLAND
GOLD WAS BURIED THERE BY
PERUVIANS,
Party Also Expects to Find Rich
Gold Deposits in the Alluvial
Sands of the
Islands.
Mtch to Tfce CalL
\. B. C. Oct. il.-Mrs. Mary
to soarch for the buried
■<i treasure. She- will organize
h-" *■>-. to be headed by Captain
Hackett, who commanded the ex
pedition which went from hero two years
mer Aurora to endeavor
to find th ) of gold, silver and
Jewels hidden there many years ajro by
tn *> 1 for which many have
Bearched but none have unearthed. Tho
lost expedition to go from here to seaxen
was ' >i by tho fleet admiral of
the Pacific fleet, Admiral Palliser, on 11.
14. a. Jniperieuse.
Mrs. Hitchcock has offered $10,000 for
tho steamer Sag-a, tied up at Vancouver
since the Alaskan rush, to carry tho ex
pedition, which is to be but a side issue
of a much rr.oro extensive exploration
and scientitlc research party, which Mrs.
Hitchcock proposes to send to the South
Boas, an expedition on a much larger
than that of Professor Harriman,
who, by the way. is married to a daugh
ter of Mrs. Kitchcook.
Lieadinc; representatives of the differ- j
er.t branches of science will accompany
the expedition, and like the treasure- !
L'-.ntins party to be landed on Cocos Isl- '
and. when they have completed their I
%york will bo picked up by the steamer.
A staff of prospectors •will ale- o g,>, for
hopes to find rich alluvial ,
he islands of the South Seas.
To-daj rfved a sample of sand
vered by one of the '
ra which, when as- :
cial assay, went J2SSO in i
Iver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; - INGSOSE
Solid Sore from Knee to Instep.
Thought have to be Amputated.
Walked with Crutch. Almost
Wild with Pain.
Physician Soid "Never oould be
Cured." Tries CUTICURA.
Sleep cfter First Application.
Cured in Eight Weeks.
I vraa afflicted ■*•;■:: a terrible core leg, caused
by a cut. It became so Inflamed that it was
thought it v.ould have to bo amputated. My
physician saW that "it could never be cured,
that it wo'ild rerr.-ia a running soro on account
of the poiwjao'.is sUite of my blood." When I
rgot out of bed I couiii hurdh- stand tho pain, and
hau to set aiotig wi'.b .i cnitcb. I led all kinds
Of o'ood and otucr medicines without success, my
log gctii^^r woreo until it became a solid sora
from my knee to inatep. Utterly I ■ on raged
cad ftkaoAt wild v.ltb pain, I gsvo up in despair,
mailing up my mind that death would be a sweet
relief. Casually picking up ii old D«por, I
noticed vhe description of o mau who £ad been
cured by CtrricUßA remedies, afflicted like my-
eelf. I immediately procured the Ccticuka Re-
BOF.VEST,CtTici;RI SoAr, and Cuticura (Olnt*
mr>ut). Tbo first applicationof Ccticvba 'o'nt-
ment), after carefully washing my leg with warm
•water ted plenty of tbo Ccticura Soap, gazs
mt to much rtltv. '■' |0 ' / wa* ohle to iltrp over
hnif of the niffht, and after tho third day I rested
vrcli every night. I went on improving, and la
oxactly eiir'nt. weeks from the time I began the
useof Cuticura remedies I was ab!o to return
to my trade (carpentering), well and sound.
T. 0: RIiISCOE
Aug. 19,1308. 160 W. lluriterSt.,AtlaEta,Ga.
CUfTCURA
UU S eoU KA
Bagin3 with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That !b to e»y It [>;;r!!ieo the blood »nd circu-
lating fluM« of Uuiion Obiims, and thai removes
tbn ciav. T.-liHfl yen.i br.tlis with Cutictsa Soap.
end genii." accintliifra w!:t» Curicrm. ("latmcnt),
gre»r«it of crcoliier.r skin cures, cle:u;s« ■ tkln
and ?Ctt\p of cruita itnd bcrlmi, alley Itching, burn-
U.g. nnd iceanr.niailrn. eooiiio and heal. Thus »re
epeoiiiiy. permanently, ami economically cored
Tho rr.o°r torturing, dljriparlnjf mors of tha
skin, *c*lp and hlood. wltn loss of hair, when tho •
best physicians acd ali other remedies fall.
GoH tbrou^hontthc wnrM. P'.rTimD.A'inC.t'oi?.,
So:t Prop*, Boston. "HoTrtaCuro I rvrjr Humor," frw.
BABY'S SKIN ??".^ssl.Saf?*.*
INVEST
BUT FIRST
INVESTIGATE!
Then, If satisfied, put your
money In the
TflS CANYON OIL
COMPANY.
Its lands are located in the
celebrated Kreynhi District,
surrounded by flowing wells. '
Th company 1s a legitimate
corporation; founded for the
purpose of producing and plac-
inp upon tho market the oil that
undoubtedly exists on Its lands.
A limited number of shares
are for sale at 50 cents, after
which prices will be governed
by the condition of develop-
nt.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
852 MISSION STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oculists'
Eye=Glasses
Are not «n experiment. 'When made by us they
fit. Nor do they tilt or waver with the new
clip. CO cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
factory on premises. Phono Main 10.
CUES ENGLAND
AS AN EXEMPLAR
Roosevelt on the Na
tion's Destiny.
MUST CONQUER THE SAVAGE
WAR, HE SAYS, WILL PAVE THE
WAY FOR PEACE.
1
What Great Britain Is to Africa the
United States Should Be to
the Islands Across
the Pacific
Special rjspatcn to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 21.— Music Hall
could not contain all wanting to hear
Governor Roosevelt and Senator Foraker
at the mass-meeting hore to-night. Qov
ernor Roosevelt arrived in the morning
and was entertained at a series of din
ners by Judge Tart of the Piccadilly Club
and others. This evening he was escort
ed from the St. Nicholas Hotel to Music
Hall by one of the largeat processions
ever seen In this city, including a bat
talion of 100 Rough Riders, ail veterans
of the Spanish war. In addition to the
torches and blazing illuminations along
the Hue of march there was a great dis
play of fireworks. The hall was filled
before the parade reached it. Governor
Bushnell and staff wero in the city for
the annual police Inspection and drill, but
were not at Musio Hall.
County Chairman Kushman opened tho
meeting and presented Senator Foraker,
the presiding officer. Senator Foraker
made a stirring address of an hour in
support of Judge Nash for Governor and
the indorsement of President McKinley.
Governor Roosevelt spoke as follows:
A rrlrn'.y oomlc feature of the present inter
national conspiracy against America and civ
ilization Is the way in which the adherents of
AffuinaJdo in the Philippines and his apologists
hero pat "one another on the bade, and another
striking feature Is the wild invective, the say- :
age and Incoherent violence of th» language ,
employed by these apostles of peace.
Yet, after all, it is but natural. They are re- ;
peating prfcis»tely the tactics of tho Copper- j
heads of the Civil war. Those of you who are j
old enough will remember that the Copperheads I
who denounced the Union army always de- |
nounced them In the name of the new gospel j
of peace. Their cry was "Peace, ' even "Peace
at any price," and it was these apostles of .
peace, who by their furious denunciation of
Abraham Lincoln and of the Northern people i
and their frantic Invectives against every ,
measure of the Government finally stirred, to
madness the dark and gloomy souls that are
alwayg to be found on tne outskirts of such a .
movement. In 1M the preachers of the doc- \
trine of cowardly peace were responsible for
the terrible ar.d bloody outbreaks in - "■'• York
City, which we now know by the name of the
draft riots. In I;'js these same craven preach
ers of peace were responsible for the murder of ,
Abraham Lincoln. Nowadays their succes
sors, who use their exact language in denounc
ing our conduct in the Philippines, have stained
their own souls with the biood of our soldiers
and of their Philippine foes.
Tho other day Ohio sent to New York as a
preacher of the new dispensation Congressman
Lenti, a fit and worthy successor of Vallandlg
ham. iv his speech in -New York Mr. Lenta
divided his time between eulogizing Angela,
the mar. who pardoned the anarchist bomb i
throwers; and eulogising Agulnalao, whose sue- ,
cess would mean and could only mean the j
slaughter of the American soldiers and the ,
dishonor of the 'American flag. He likened
Aeuinaldo to Patrick Henry, and called him ;
one of the heroes of the world, and he de- j
nounced the war which we are carrying on for | ]
the suppression of savages- as more brutal and | •
cowardly than ■ at carried on by l»eor« 111 ■ ■
againat "us. Ho took the position that Aguln- ,
aldo was a hero for killing our Eoldlers, but i
that If they slew him it would be murder. ,
While Mr. Lentz was thus preaching treason ,
\guinuldo was sending over a message, which
"has only the other day been published. He j
had evidently not heard of Mr. Lents, but be
had heard of some of the minor heroes of the ( (
anti-expansion (that is, anti-American and ■ ;
anti-patriotic) movement, and he praised them
in terms which, if the men were capable of j ■
one thrill of American feeling, would make I
them shudder with horror of having won and ,
deserved such commendation from an enemy
of their country. Finally, with a simple Pin
cerity which Agulnaldo's party allies here would
do well to imitate the proclamation of the ;
Philippine chief continues in so many words
to state that his hope of successful resistance ,
to the authority of the United States is based
on the triumph of the Democratic party. Con
tinuing, he says: , . , i
"Therefore we must show our gratitude and i
maintain our position more resolutely than
ever We should pray to God that the great
Democratic party may win the next •Presiden
tial election and imperialism (that Is, the
American people) fall in its mad attempt to
Eubjugate us by force of arms."
In other words. Agulnaldo is fighting for the
Democratic party and the Democratic party
for m: the arms of his men who snoot down
our soldiers are nerved by the aid and encour
agement given them by the anti-expansionists
ol the United States, and he continues the
bloody war In the Philippines because he hopes
ultimately to win through their assistance. No
more burning indictment of the Democratic
party under Its present leadership and of the
preachers of treason who have taken the lead
In denouncing the course of the United States
could be framed by any American. Bear in
mind that this arraignment of the Democracy Is
unconsciously given by their friend Aguina do
th» man who at present stands a, the typical
representative of savagery, the typical foe of ■
civilization and of the American people and
M the peculiar protege of the men who m the
United States In 1899 are repeating the arfru
ments of those who in IS6I and 1885 sought to
b K?erv S argument that can be made for the
Philippines could be made for the Apaches;
every word that can be said for AeulnaMo
couid be said for Sitting Bull As peace and
order and prosperity followed our expansion
war on the lands of the Indians so they will
follow us in the Philippines. If we hnd refused
to expand over the West, do you think that the
We Et would be peaceful now? If. Instead of
your forefathers settling here in Ohio you had |
left Ohio to the Indians, do you think the coun
try would have had pence? Indeed it would
not Just bo long as there was an Independent
Indian power on your borders you were ex
posed to the certainty of constantly recurring I
war If now the United States were to walk<
out of Alaska or out of any of our Indian reseN
rations, as our opponents wish us to walk out
of the Philippines, war would promptly ensue—
war among the natives themselves or between
the natives and the white intruders; and if
we do not again step in and settle the matter,
why some other great nation would have to
undertake the work which we had proved our
selves too feeble or too foolish to perform.
I Last summer the United States had the
honor to take what was, on the whole, the lead
ing part in the Peace Conference at The Hague.
We were abl» to play that part solely because
durin?" the preceding year we had fought to a
victorious conclusion the most righteous foreign
war in which any nation has been engaged for
half a century, Our power to furtner the
cause of | • ace as among' the civilized nations
of the world has been immeasurably increased
becaui-e we have shown ourselves able and will-
Ing to do our part In policing the world, In
keeping order In the world's waste span-*. ,
]•■ we shrink from going on with the wnrk
which we have begun we thall merely lose -jur
Influence for good. When a coward or a weak
inK preaches peace but little good results, but.
as was shown at The Hague last year, wnen a
mighty people, not afraid to <lo its duty In the
world, stands up for peace, the good result is
immediately manifest. When throughout the
worU barbirlsm has given place to civilization
then and not till ih"n. the reign of pea/:e will
V«» n't hand- nnd expansion Is at the moment
i ho way in which this nation can bc-r,t <lo its
duty, can best help bring about that hoped-for ;
di Rempmber that the war In the Philippines !
I* absolutely nnd without nualiflcatlon a na
ional war. With characteristic perversion of
the fncts. our opponents have spoked as thouKli
this was unnecessary, as if it were now waged
fv i»"o«ident McKlnl«y on bis own authority
and without the warrant of Congress. In the
OrVt nice, what we have don« waa inevitable,
so" far as the administration and the American
r,Vn£ at lflrci* were concerned. There was
lust one chance of avoiding war. If the antl
iioanslonisti the p"".c<-at-any-price people
had not delayed the treaty in the Senate; if
v their loose invective they had not misled
the Tairals we should probably net have had
niiv war in'the Philippines. Asuinaldo's procla
mation proves beyond shadow of doubt that
the Insurgents have held CUI on the strength
of the hoped-for aid from the Democratic party
and from th» anti-expansionists here in our
home Had those men not given the Impression ;
thrt 'the American people were divided; had |
they not worked for delay, there would proh
ablv have been no revolt and no bloodshed By
their clamor and by their obstructive tactics in :
the Senate they net only delayed the acceptance
of the treaty but Gave Agulnaldo and his people |
the Idea that they would receive moral support J
In a war against our flag; and. moreover, they
have actually given this support. They nre
primarily responsible for the war. We are the
true party of peace, for a lasting peace can
only come through the course of conduct we ,
advocate.
Remember that expansion 1b not only the
handmaid of greatness, but. above nil. It Is i
the handmaid of peace. Great civilized powers j
are, I firmly believe, .growing more and more j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
able to live in permanent peace with on« an
other; but no civilized power is or ever ha§
been able permanently to keep peace with
savage, barbarous or semi-barbarous peoples,
because these latter are not able to so oon
duct themselves as to render peace possible.
The day when universal peace Is possible
can only come when the nations of the world
have grown civilized. In snme places this
state o* things can come about merely by
growth of civilisation In the state itself; else
where It has to come about by the expansion
of the great, orderly, peace-loving powers.
We of the United States are not In the slight
est danger of any trouble with the Canadians
of the north, nor with the Mexicans on the
south; It Is not conceivable that a difficulty
should arise with either that could not b«
settled by peaceable methods. So In the Pa
ciflc, I most firmly believe that we ehall be
able to work hand In hand with England,
with Germany, with Japan, with every civil
! ized power that has Interests In that great
est of all oceans. With every orderly, peace
\ loving-, civilized country, great or small, we
Can work with perfect harmony. But with
savagery there can be no peace until we have
first made evident our strength.
The whole history of our century shows a
diminishing tendency to war between oivilized
powers, and shows also that the existence of
, a savage or barbarous state Inevitably means
! war sooner or later. Every expansion of a
civilized power Is a conquest for peace. Re
member that even this great country of ouru,
as well as all European countries, paid tribute
t" the Moorish pirates as late as 1830, and
piracy In its most abhorrent form was not
! abolished In the Mediterranean until the
I French expanded Into Algiers and the Turk
I was driven from Greece. Then peace came to
the Mediterranean. What the French have
I done in Algiers, the English have done in
i Egypt and the Soudan. While Egypt was un
' der Arabi Pasha and the Soudan under the
Mahdi, the two countries were sinking stead
ily back Into mere savagery: until they were
held by a strong and civilized race no ad
i vcnce was possible. Now peace and prosperity
i have come to both countries. Turkistan was
a mere chaos of murder and lawlessness until
] the wave of Russian expansion swept over the
j country, to the great good of mankind ar.d
■ brought peace In its train. Now Germany
, has the Carolines, and under her adminlstra
; tlon they will doubtless flourish In peace.
WTiat she has undertaken to do in the Caro
| lines, are we to shrink from doing In the
■ Philippines? Are we alono among the great
nations of the world to announce ourselves
' too weak to do our share of the task, too
■ timid to bear our part of the burden In ex
tending the reign of law, of order of peace,
i over the whole world? That Is what expan-
I slon means. It means not only the extension
I of American influence and power. It means the
extension of liberty and order and the bring
ing nearer by gigantic strides of the day when
peace shall come to the whole earth.
In view of this attitude of certain of our
! r r -'~Ple, the struggle was inevitable. When
l'owey smashed the Spanish fleet, it meant
I that the Islands would fall into chaos unless
! either the United States or some other strong
' power took possession; unless we were will
i ing to see the fleet of another power sail into
i the harbor as Dewcy's fleet sailed.
The treaty with Spain was finally ratified
I by the Senate, but it was not ratified by the
1 Spanish Government until a fortnight after
! Congress had adjourned, leaving the President
to act aa the nation's representative. The
lower House had, meanwhile, taken Its share
: in the ratification (the opposition was so small
; as to be Insignificant) by passing the appro
i prlntlon of $20,000,000, uk required by the treaty.
| The Islands thus, by the ratification of the
i treaty and by the action of th« Senate and
j by the House of Representatives In passing
! the $20,000,000 appropriation bill, became part
! of the United Stntes; and it is Just as much
1 the President's duty to keep order in them
; by the use of the army, as it would be his
! duty to kepp order In Arizona by the use
I of the army in case of an Apache- outbreak.
Nor Is thiF all. In passlnc the army bill,
Congress explicitly recognized the fact that
there was a Philippine insurrection and that
it had to be put down by the use of our arm->d
forces. It provided for an army of over 60.000
regular and over 30,000 volunteers, especially
with a view of meeting the present exigencies;
it Is set forth that the army should be kept
up to these figures for two years. In other
words. Congress explicitly provided an army
of nearly 100,000 men for the purpose of carry
ins out the Philippine war. Under such cir
cumstances the talk of this war being un
authorized by Congress can be due only to
Ignorance or willful intention to suppress the
facts.
The taking of the Philippines was Inevitable.
The outbreak was rendered Inevitable by the
conduct of those who opposed the taklnu of
the Philippines and who gave moral aid and
comfort to Aguinaldo and his men. The Presi
dent has acted In the only way In which he
could act and remain loyal to his oath of of
fice and to the great trust delivered by th«
people Into his hand?. We are doing but our
pimple duty in introducing the reign of law.
order an 1 peace Into the Philippines, and we
cannot shrink form It without shame and dis
honor. The path of expansion is a path of
rational honor, the path toward universal
peace. Tou, my countrymen, cannot refuse to
tread It unless you are willing to renounce
your claims to bo the heirs of the ages and to
abandon all pretense of following In the foot
steps of Washington, of Lincoln and of all tho
great Americana who have made our past his
tory mighty and glorious.
It Is a pleasure to be shaved and take a re
freshing bath at Valvo's shaving parlors, 523
Broadway; private entrance to baths. ' "* :
" osk\ THE FUTURE UNVEILED!
ft^Wjj "o!a^d m a^l^ 205 Turk Street, Near Jones.
if/ |\V>^ No Matter What Trouble You May Have With Yourself or Others, Come and She
1 "**"* — - ♦ Will Guide You. She Advises You With a Certainty Higher Than Human Power.
IT'O WAT U/UAT CUT MAC FlfiNC rnNPFRNINP, RII<s!NF^Q. AFFAIRS dealings with partners. If you care to LOVE OR COURTSHIP yOU IOVe ' a ' S ° th ° Se y ° U me 1 - and
ITS NOT WHAT oHt HAS DUNL LUnl-tnlxlPiU bUoiriLbo Arr AliiO. know what business you should follow luyh un wunionir, how to make a person at a distance
FDR OTHFR^ RUT WHAT 9HF She gives dates, facts and figures, re- to be successful, where you should go If affairs of the heart or emotions think of you.
run V/innno, dv i vmm one n a ble and important advice and infor- and whom to avoid; if you intend to of love Interest you, she gives exact rnn TnnriDi m ad
WILL DO FOR YOU. nation on all matters of interest in make any changes or to start a bu3i- and truthful revelations of all love af- ASSISTANCE FOR TROUBLED OK
business transactions, lawsuits, con- ness, buy or sell property, or, in fact, fairs, settles lovers' quarrels, enables iiMrnDTIIMATr
She Is a living connection between tested wills, life insurance, damage- take any important step, don't fail to you to win the esteem and affection of UNrUn IUN A I L.
LV c ce X th t c n i C i e ne a rrnost thoughts suits, divorces. deeds, mortgages, consult " Dr. Clark. Her advice may any one you desire, causes speedy and if you are in trouble of any kind,
of souls see the past present and claims, collections, speculations, ad- be the means of saving you thou- happy marriages; tells if the one you discontented, unhappy, or not satis-
future as in a mirror, and by her mys- ventures, gold mining stocks and all sands of dollars and a great deal love is true; also date of marriage; re- tied in life, or have domestic or love
terious power can tell how to avert financial difficulties. Truly predicts of trouble. • stores lost affection, peace and conii- to o^rZe ail troubles Your
evil how to succeed in business and the success or fa ii ure of new inven- Remember your prospects of to-day dence of lovers and discordant farm- wiPh and object in llfe can be obtained.
° a Thufw itrei"ure mfnerais old es tions patents, pending pension claims, may be your fortune to-morrow if lies; gives you the full secret how to A SECRET you should know the
tates. lost friends, etc. ' etc.; 'tells whether you will receive fair rightly handled. control, fascinate and charm the one power to control.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK'S MAGIC BELT
(A facsimile of which is presented here) Is the most powerful talisman that has ever been made. The impressions on its face, as shown here, give a partial idea of its wonderful magic powers.
THE GREATEST OR ALL TALISMANS.
- . ■ ■ /-■"''* \"~- ; ■ ■ . ' - ■
„ . ... __ rrv,,,. nn ««r it obtains from Its mini- A charm can be made for any pur- perilous enterprise; may help you to drawing others' affections toward you,
A charm (also called a talisman or This power it odi: imn irom us man.i g It may serve as a protector on complete your business transactions and thus securing for you friends
amulet* possesses the power to protect facturer, ■* no, from ana through her * journey or at home, against accident profitably, insuring you against loss, amonr strangers, and even converting
it« now^or against any evil, and pro- supernatural power, transmits the or evil influence, which it destroys; it and thus assist you to acquire wealth. enemies into friends and bringing es-
motes his luck, happiness and health. same to the talisman. may guide you safely through any it may be of a mesmeric character— teem, love and friendship from all.
IT MAY POSSESS A HEALINO POWER AND CURE DISEASES BY ITS SIMPLE APPLICATION.
THE MAGIC BELT
Contains Within Itself the Virtues of Several or All Other Single Charms Combined, and Is the Most Powerful Talisman That Has Ever Been Made.
What is your vocation in life? How half of you are fighting against an un- vocation and success will attend you; if possessed of only a moderate degree of though they stood before you. Call
have you prospered? What are your known fate for fame, fortune and po- but if dissatisfied and all is going brains and energy success will be sure and test the madarne to your heart's
hones for the future? ■ sitton which you do not and cannot against you, it is an evidence that you to attend you. She advises you with a content, and you will depart thorough-
Every person is specially adapted to obtain until you find your true voca- have not found your true vocation. A certainty by a higher than human ly satisfied that there is at least one
some particular business, profession or tion. visit to Mrs. Clark will soon settle this power as to the proper course to pur- reliable medium and clairvoyant now
trade Which may justly be termed If you are contented with your pres- all-important question and your true sue in life. Her descriptions of your in your midst. Nothing in life too ob-
their true vocation, and yet more than ent work you have found your true vocation will be pointed out to you, and friends and enemies are as real as scure for her to reveal.
BUSINESS SACRED AND CONFIDENTIAL. Sickness, Losses, Deaths, Etc., Will Be Omitted From Your Reading at Your Request, O.herwlse Everything. Good and Bad, Will Be Given.
.;.;..MRS. 'DR. F. CLARK ;
HOME SUNDAY AND EVENINGS. 205 Turk Street, Near Jones.
BADLY INJURED IN
A PRIZE FIGHT
James Hill in a Critical
Condition.
HEART PUNCH FELLED HIM
HAD BEEN HAVING THINGS ALL
HIS OWN WAY.
Fight Was Arranged by a Number of
Racetrack Followers Who
Are Now Under
Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELLO, Oct. 21.— Montague & "Wants'
pavilion last night was the scene of the
'■ wildest excitement. An audience of 600
i people had gathered to witness a finish
i prize fight for a purse of $000 between
George Coxey of Eureka and James Hill
•of Marysvtlle. Pandemonium reigned
i when in the sixth round Hill, who appar
! ently had the fight well in hand, received
i a right-hand ujpercut on the Jaw and a
; left-hand heart punch that felled him like
! »n ox, knocking him completely out. He
did not recover consciousness for over two
I hours, and his condition to-night is criti
cal.
The contest, though an Impromptu af
l fair, was a clever and spirited exhibjtion.
i and Us arrangement was due to a large
: number of racehorse men and followers
! being stormbound here after the annual
'• race meet, who raised the purse of $bOO.
: The contest was billed as a fight to a fin
ish, and scats were sold for from $5 to 50
i cents each. The casualty, which looks
■ dubions for Hill's recovery, occurred in
1 the latter half of the sixth round. Hill,
althoush th- smaller man, showed up to
better advantage over his sturdy opponent
an,l punished Coxey unmercifully in each
round, and odds of 10 to 1 on Hill wont
, begging, and just before the knockout
blow was administered 20 to 1 found no
takers. The knockout blow la regarded
as purely accidental.
The doctor to-night pronounces Hills
'■ condition critical. Hill is a well-known
race follower. Coxey claims relationship
with "General" Coxey of the Coxey army
fame The authorities have detained
Coxey and the light promoters pending
the result of Hill's condition.
WISCONSIN
GIVES YALE
A HARD RUB
Only by the Most Stubborn
Work Do Old Eli's Sons
Score at Football.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 21.— Tho TJnl
! versity of Wisconsin football elerven had
their colors lowered by Yale h«re this aft
ernoon in a contest, the final score of
which was Yale 6, Wisconsin 0, but the
I Yale men required nearly all of the- fifty
| minutes' play to secure the single touch
i down and goal which constituted her vlc
| tory over the young men who came from
the West to wage the battle. The gama
in many respects was the finest ever wlt
i nessed on the Yale gridlorn, for it was
! not until within the last five minutes of
the play that the Yale men wero able to
I cross the coveted goal lino. At that tho
play was of an extraordinary character,
and* the scoring came only after a thiill
ing run of sixty-five yards by Richards,
the Yale halfback, who was carried by
magnificent interference- past the Wis
consin's rush line, and then, being left to
his own resources, wiggled his way
through the entire Wisconsin back field,
eluding the four crack backs of the Bad
gers and ultimately planting the bail
squarely behind the goal posts.
Two twenty-five-minute halves were
played, and throughout the two periods
the Wisconsin men carried consternation
to the hearts of the Yale rooters by sam
ples of football which seemed to be in
! vincible. When nearly every spectator
I had concluded that the game would end
I In a tie at 0 to 0, Richards, a Yale half
back, who replaced Chadwlck In the sec
ond halt", was given the pigskin. He re
ceived it on Yale's forty-five-yard line and
In a trice pocketed himself In a bunch of
clever interference, which protected him
to the rush line.
Here matters became exciting and he
| broke away from his interference and
■ darted out into the open with the four
! Wisconsin backs converging upon him.
j The first one he dodged, the second he
i eluded with a clever foot movement, the
i third he bowled over with his free arm
and then proceeded to run around and
away from the last opponent, who went
tearing after him as the fleet runner sped
toward the line. He touched down and a
goal was kicked, rendering a score of 6.
The most striking feature of Wiscon
sin's play was found In the sole depend
ence of the Westerners upon Captain
O'Dea'a kicking ability. Not more than
a half-dozen times during the game did
the visitors undertake to advance the ball
by rushes, it being almost the invariable,
rule to send it back to ODea for a boot
i ing. This marvelous man displayed a
) kicking prowess which has nev»r been
equaled on the Yale field, and the honors
were ail his way in this department of
the game. He was placet! at a disadvan
tage in the matter of drop kicking, for his
team seemed unable to get within strik
! ing distnnce. However, he made four at
tempts at goals from the field and all
were failures. Two of them were out-and
out misses, and twice his kicks were nice
i ly blocked by Yale men.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 21— Harvard,
j in defeating Frown TTniversfty eleven in
j to-duy's game ran up against its hard
■ est proposition thus tar, and it is to
Brown's credit that the crimson had to
i play a stiff game. Harvard's offensive
| and" defensive work were magnificent, but
i the team went against opponents who re
! sorted to combinations of trick plays and
i Quick runs around the ends.
Too Drunk to Fight.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 21 — MikeLeonara
of New York and Bob Thompson of Los
Angeles were scheduled to box twenty
rounds before the Los Angeles Athletic
Club to-night, but at the end of the first
round Referee John Brink discovered that
Leonard was much the worse for liquor
and stopped the fight, declaring Thomp
son the winner. Leonaru was looked
upon by the sporting element as a sure
winner. .
FIRST COUNCIL OF
THE ROYAL ARCANUM
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Oakland Council,
Royal Arcanum, will be instituted here
next Thursday night, with a membership
of about fifty representative citizens,
principally business and professional men.
At a meeting held last night the officers
for the first term were elected and these
will be Installed on Thursday as follows:
Past resent. Cary Howard; regent, Asa
V. Memlenhall; vice-regent, F. D. Ba
con; orator, Charles Husband; secre
tary. Henry W. France; collector, George
A. Gray; treasurer, Thomas Ldnasay;
chaplain, Walter M. Bird; guide, J. S. de
Lanee 1 '; trustees— Charles L. Sturm,
Charles C. Clay, Dr. Walter F. Lewis;
medical examiner. Dr. J. F. Lilly; deputy
gTand repent, Dr. L. R. Le Land*.
Butchers' Annual Carnival.
OAKLAND, Oct. £I.— The ninth annual
prize carnival and masquerade of the
Journeymen Butchers will be held at Ger
mania Hall next Wednesday night. The
grand march will begin promptly at 9
p. m. and at 10 o'clock there will be a
grand Cakewalk. A Juvenile Cakewalk for
boys and girls under 12 years of age will
al?o be t; 1 t, f r >r which two prizes are
to be awarded. Couples entering for com
petition in the Cakewalk are expected to
masque or appear In black fare ani all
entries will close at 9 p. m. on the night
of the carnival. In addition to the usual
valuable prizes given every rear fur cos
tumes and characters the committee of
fers cash prizes for the best cakewalkers.
Xo effort la being spared to make the
affair an unprecedented success.
Socialist Labor Meeting.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— An address will be
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
CttBCBMCBSttC«6C9SttCB3»»»»»»»^
I UMBRELLA NEWSTg
; | Ladies Misses 1
; | Men. /|K|k Boys. |
: I ENDLESS STYLES OF HANDLES, ENDLESS QUALITIES OF SILK, I
g ALSO GLORIAS, YETIAS, CAROLAS, UNIONS and GINGHAMS, from |
; I 50c up to $25. 1
|;-g THESE ARE A FEW OF OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS: i
•j g£ or ladles and men— Fine quality Vetia, 8-Rlb, Natural Wood and Congo Handles.. soc j§
i y For ladles and men Silk Carola, 8-rlb, steel rod, paragon frames, taffeta silk cases, <j>
[ o with natural wood, wood trimmed, Dresden and horn handles, 26 and 2S inch..»?l.OO H
1 Q For ladies — Silk Carola. 8-rlb,' steel rod, paragon frame, taffeta silk case, with na- §
O tural wood, silver trimmed, Congos, pearl, horn, Ivory and Dresden handles, 26 O
•5 Inch $1.25 8
O For man— Carola, 8-rib, steel rod, paragon frame, taffeta silk case, with sterl- v£
V Ing silver, trimmed Congos, buffalo horn and celluloid handles, 26 and 28 inch.iJl.sO O
S For ladles and — Union silk taffeta, 8-rib, steel rod and case, silver trimmed, im- S
ft ported boxwood and furze, silver, deposited pearl, ivory and Dresden handles... 3l-05 S
j * For ladles and men — Pure silk serge, with fine imported natural handles $2.50 »
, S And any quantity of fine sold and silver, pearl. ivory and imported Dresden handles Ft
,; '0 of beautiful design. 0
ij O We have a fully equipped umbrella factory, and at short notice can put your 0"
: o broken umbrella In first-class condition. . O
1 ; a g
8 ....HEADQUARTERS FOR UMBRELLAS.,.. §
I THE PI HUE tfnn^E 800 market STREET I
t g 1 liL ULUfll EIUUSEa^ Cor. Grant Aye. and O'Parrell St. §
• — — ~ *^— i^~~ - —
i
given on Sunday evening: at Grand Army
Hall. 419 Thirteenth street, Oakland, by
I Professor John C. Merrlam of the Univer
i sity of California. The address will com
| mence at 8 o'clock and will be followed by
I questions and discussion. The lecture is
under the auspices of the Socialist Labor
i Party - -^
Reception and Dramatic Reading.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 21.— Mrs. W- B. Well
man of 1617 Central avenue entertained a
i large number of guests yesterday after
i noon at a dramatic reading given by Mrs.
Samuel Lovett, assisted by her sister,
I Miss Hobart of Oakland. There wer«
! about ninety ladies present. In spite of
the Inclemency of the weather. The. par
lors and reception hall were beautifully
decorated with smilax and the national
colors. Refreshments were served.
Alameda News Notes
ALAMEDA. Oct. 21.— The members of
the Knclnal Club will give a "gentlemen 1 ?
night" at their room? on Park street on
Friday evening, Ociobor 27. An excellent
;imme is being: arranged by the com
mittee In charge of the affair. An enjoy
able evening is assured those who attend.
Citj Attorney E. K. Taylor and party,
who have been on a hunting trip for sev
eral days aboard rhe yacht Emerald, re
turned horn? last night.
An entertainment will be given in La
fayette Hall next Friday evening, the
f which will be applied to the
funds of St. Joseph's Church.
The hounds Metallic and Emm Pasha,
h. longing to John Halton r>f this city,
won their lirst races for the American
Waterloo cup at the gTeat trial at Dallas,
Texas, yesterday.
i An invention of Austrian origin for shut
ting railway carriage doors has been tried
| near London. The apparatus enables the
i E;uard to '-iose and. if aecesßary, lock all
• the doors of a train by simply turning a
'• handle in his van. Compressed air is the
: agent employed.
78
West
THREE PARKS
ATTRACT THE
LEASHMEN
San Mateo Coursing Associa
tion Enters the Field — Jn
gleside and Union Park.
The gates of the Ban Mateo Coursing
Park .Association wore thrown open yes
terday to the public for the first time.
The attendance, made up almost entirely
of coursing enthusiasts, was good and the
sport exciting. The downpour of rain on
the previous day left portions of the
field heavy, thus equalizing the chances
of the dogs. Those with great speed were
apparently handicapped, for where they
should have led to the hare- by ten
lengths they were fortunate If they could
place two lengths of daylight between
themselves and their opponents.
The size of the ik-id Is deceptive. While
it appears small and criunpod, the num
ber of unusually long courses Indicates
plenty ol room with dogs and hares in
their "present condition. The hares are not
familiar with the escapes and ran a num
ber ot the dogs marly to death. Out of
the tlrst eight courses live consumed the
following amount of time: 3 minutes, 4:10,
5i;15, o:lu and 2AO respectively. St. Michael
beat For IVrsecution, both .jogs being: run
to an absolute standstill. Cash beat J. P.
Thrift's great uogr Brutus, the latter
finally stopping. Whitehead beat Young
America, the latter suffering from an af-
Xeeiion of the throat, which prevented him
from running- up to form. "Wild Tralee
und Beacon each had a "bye" and were
run together. Wild Tralee was beaten,
but it being a "bye" course la still in the
take*
The sport w<?nt smoothly ■when It is
considered that all the held oincials as
sumed their duties without having had
recent practice at the gaane. The "slip
ping" ot Arthur Massey was excellent. C.
j. Jerome acted as judge, and in only one
course was his decision questioned by the
spectators. This was the course between
Hawker and Royal lush. Hawker led up
by f<.ur lengths, and, it is claimed, out
work Royal Flush during the greater
y«art of the course, which lasted two min
utes and fifteen seconds. The decision
T.ent to Flush. Prince Hal ran a "bye"
course v.ith Sometime and by mistake
v.-ore the wrong colored collar. The judge
intended to sitrnal Prince Hal's victory,
but the flag went up for the other doer.
Jjt-ttors asked for on explanation and the
error was corrected before any harm was
dono.
The fog rolled in during the afternoon
find obscured sonr? of the sport, the dogs
Retting out of sight quickly. The run
down yesterday left the best dogs in
truining at the present time still in the
Etake. These will fight for the purses to
day. In addition sixteen of the dogs
beaten in tha first round will compete in
a consolation stake. A draw was held
for this last night and resulted as follows:
Royal Fan vs. I^idr Blanche; Benorlta vb
Gypsy; Beau l' r -\ vs. Sweet Emma; Lily of
the V. p«t vs. Rowena; Statesman vs. Rich
mond Lead; Rubicon vs. Sunburst: Satan vs
Sardonic; Valley Purge vs. Gilt Edge.
The officers, in addition to Judge and
p'.ipper, are: Slip steward. J. R. Dickson-
Lag steward, Frank O'Sl fieid stew
fer.is, J. Keenan, R. E. de B. Lopez and i
■jerry" O'Shea. The coursing yesterday '
resulted! as follows:
Gus Abercrnmbie's Victor King- beat A C
Uradbury'a Sardonic; Gua Abercrombie's Inria
teat R_ K. (3» U. Lopes' Wonder; R. E d- B
Lopez 1 Wanda beat C. \\ Hand's Whisk
Broom; Diamond Kennels' Silence beat Wat
eon & Lawlor's Richmond Lead; F. A. Mo-
Comb a Royal Flu eh beat Kay & Tram's
Hawker; B. M. Kelloff/a KM McCoy boat
Jlan.lv .t Smith's Ida; Gus Abererombie's Miss
Klohmond beat X. P. Whitney's Wadena; Cur
tis & Son Narcissus boat J. I. O'Brien'a
Statesman; Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose beat
F. C. Mack's Valley Forsa: J. P. Thrift's St
illchacl beat M. Tlerimn's For Persecution- \*
P. Whitn.-y's St. Anthony beat Kay & Trant's
J-;cll;ip«: P. J. Keilly's Plough Boy beat <>. J.
pl«e:i'a gunbnrst; H. F. Anderson's Crawford
Lei beat ]>!nmond Kennels' Lady Blanche-
Curtis &. Son's Cash beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus;
Handy & Smith's Petronlus boat A. McCloud's
Poyal Fan; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat W
Cnamtr'a Jp-.se Moore; C. B. Stackrole's
\\hitp.hoad beat J. O'.Shea's Young America; N
£ WTiltney'a Minn^cla beat Gua AbercrombU's
Bock Island Boy; J. Seggernon's Gold Hill beat
J. Keenan s Royal Oak; J. Dean's Gladiator
beat I). O'Connoll's Satan; Low* & Thomi.son'a
Princ? Hal. a bye; J. i ''Shea 1 a Golden Rule
beat D. O Connell'H Clipper; J. Hi's Gallant
l»at S. C Faulkes' ■•••■na: Murphy & To
lar.d'F P>a!>a:n t;irl beat Daly <* iiebeln's
G}j'3y; Curti.H & Sf>a's The Fran beat T J "sul-
JJvan'B Riibicon; R. E. d - B. L•; 7: Arrow beat
j. Murphy's Gilt F.Jgc; D. Shannon's Safe
fw. J. Browninff'a Mountain Bell-
Curtlr, U Son's Luxor beat J. Keenan'? Uovai
l!u<;!{; J. Df-an's emara b»at Ed Wilson's
Mr.£n*t: Curtis & Son's Beacon, a Dye; Sterl
& Kr.oiv-le'b Frosty Morn, a bye; Daly &. si<>
beln i Bhylock Boy beat Connell Bros.' S*no
rita: J^ L. Ross' Jessica beat T. J. Barring
ton'sJß«au Peep; J. Keenan's iekloeh be t
>.. P. Conner's Peaceful Olen; J. H Periiro'G
Bohe beat J. Shea's Golden Gate; J. JE<i
moad'asMorning Giorj- beat F. A. McComb's
Motto: T J. Cronln's Wild Trait-*, a bye; j
Br*rls!;aw ? Enterprise beat M. Tiernan's Van
Brax: T. J. Cronin'a Thornhlll beat E M
KcUorK'e Sweet Emma; Connel] Bros.' ' Log
230y beat E. D. Fallen's Lily of the West
UNION PARK COURSING.
The most «PnFatlonal course of the day
"-t Union Coursing: Park iru that between
Firm Friend and Night Time. From first
to last the docs ran three minutes and
forty-five seconds. After they had been
running about two minutes an extra dog
was released. The hare proved a wonder
and was easily outstripping the three
dogs. A fourth dog was turned looso
then a fifth and finally a sixth before the
Kuliant little hare gave up the struggle
for its life. The hares were all strong
I F*eOF*LE WILL \
♦ \ — » « 1- .^_. <v
| SOOiV BE USING ♦
I AUTOMOBILES. I
I — — —^— — —————— , f i
| The Sparks Automobile Factory Is |
% Being Established in San Francisco. !
I -s , , , I
| wr!i $
i INVESTIGATE THE MERITS OF OUR MACHINE. }
♦ The Sparks Automobile Company is incorporated for $1,000,000. divided into 100 000 *
V ihares at a par value of $10 00 each; 6000-Ehares of this stock is offered for sale at ♦
♦ *j 00 per share. Further particulars will be furnished at th» company's office, room <?
t 825> ArrO " bU " dilliri m MARKET BT.. BAN FRANCISCO. CAU X
1. S. GOODENOXJGH. Beo. ♦
♦ • "^
jCateot £7secordo 7/facie tn the 3*ield of Sport
STANFORD AND OLYMPICS PLAY A TIE GAME
ON A GRIDIRON KNEE DEEP IN PASTY MUD
Olympics 0, Stanford 0.
mUD, swamps, sloughs, bogs,
marshes and fens, with twen
ty-two canvas-.iacketed and
leather-helmeted football men
fn a slimy potpourri, was the football
garrm yesterday afternoon between
Stanford and the Olympics. Neither
side scored, but nobody seemed to care.
The amusement came from tho weath
er and the muddy Held, and football
was lost sight of In the comedy of
mucilaginous grime and mud-coated
athletes.
Before the game was called the field
was very heavy going, splotches of
rain puddles setting off the thick and
oozing gridiron. On the east side of
the Held was a miniature lake, but It
was unused, either for play or bathing
purposes. Hardly had the whistle that
starts the ball a-rolllng been heard
when tlie heavens loosened their
watery freight, and a none too gentle
rain began falling on players and spec
a.ike. First umbrellas were
sought, but the cloud shafts were too
tierce, and the crowd sought the pro
many escaping, -while tho relief dog was
released a number of times.
The puppies proved an exceptionally
good collection and showed line sport in
the majority of their courses. In the open
stake the most notable upset was the de
feat of Mountain Beauty by Nellie Bawn.
The Beauty was a 5 to 1 favorite. Merced
put out Forgive, which was favorite at
S% to 1.
The field was In excellent condition, of- j
fering a firm footing for the dogs and {
hares. There were a number of sharp \
Fhowers during the afternoon, but the i
coursing went on without Interruption. !
The attendance -was noticeably affected
by the oDenlng at the San Mateo Park.
The results of the running In detail are :
as follows:
Puppy Stake G. Buehn's Monogram beat
Pasha Kennels' Rlg:ht Arm; J. Fitzgerald's
Fair LUlle beat Pasha Kennels' Race Away;
Bartels Brothers" Ballroom Belle boat P. Cas-
Berly*B 51r Ro| ; E. V.'. Farmar's Moonstone
beat William Cairn's Gladys \\>ller; George
Pluto's Gladhand beat J. Neary's St. Andrew;
George Pint Mischief beat Herzog ft David
eon's Geyser; .T. McGrath's Blower beat F.
Cl'.amhiir's Princess Royal; Jeff. Martinet's Sal
ly Bra*« beat Bartels Brothers' Ben's Babe;
Lnnde & Gerber's Mount Ida beat Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena; Jeff. Martinet's Buxton beat
Pasha Kennels' Heady Answer; Curtis & Bon's
Flyin* Fox beat R. E. de R. Lopez's Carmen
• ita; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat Jeff. Mar
tinet's iiern.il Boy: P. J. McCabe's Craig Boy
beat J. William's California; Herzog 4- David
son's Pirate beat T. .1. Harrington's Southern
er; J. Holloway's Brian Boru beat T. E. Love
lady's Tel; J. Linehan's Racine beat P. Casser
ly's Sweet Meadow; P. J. McCabe's Sky Blue
beat John McDonald's Morning; Star; James
Dean's Glide beat Charles Delator's Lily of the
Valley; F. C. Mack's Delia M. beat P. J. Mc-
Cab"'s Boney Boy; J. McOrath's Red Rose beat
T. J. Harrington's Southern Girl: J. Neary's
Touchepas beat Otto Hausler's Gloria: Lande
& Gerber's Rienzi beat George Goette's The
Beaver; R. Strehl's Three Cheers beat P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch; Bartels Brothers' Bor
der's Best beat J. H. Smith's Peggy Primrose;
"William Cairns' Imperial beat George Pinto's
Hermanita; R. E. de B. Lopez's Pepita beat
F. a. McComb's Judge Wallace; George Lahn
ben's Firefly beat J. Klernnn's Bowery Boy;
Aoneid Kennels' Apollo beat F. Rothman's
Justice.
Open stake J. Kennedy's Wine West beat
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair. 24-3; M. Mich
ueiek's Glen Roy beat J. Kennedy's Lily
Wh^er, IS-4; Ed Evatt'3 Hurrlcan beat Maher
& Reid's Pat Rellly. 8-*; R. E. de B. Lopez'
Sara beat George Whitney's Run Amuck, 16-0;
THE SAN FISANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22. 1899.
tectlon of the nma.ll covered stand Rt
the south end of the field. Some there
were, the real enthusiasts, who
ecorned the rain and sat the game out
on the uncovered stands, their only
protection being an umbrella and a
coat.
As poon as the pame began the play
ers lost their Identity, As the song
goes, they all looked alike, and much
mud-scraping, face-waahing and dredg
ir.p were necessary to save personali
ties. Every time the opposing teams
came together there was a pwish, a
spurt and an eruption of mud. The
heaviest work of the day was after
the game, when the twenty-two ath
: • weated In ablutionary labors.
Cadwallader, with an immaculate
suit and face, started the same with a
kick-off to Murphy. The ball dropped
in the Stanford back's hands twenty
five yards from the goal line, and
Sheehy dropped on Murphy. A:";< r a
few wallowing rushes Dinsmore was
forced to kick, and then the crowd
; down for a laugh. Plowing or
dredging their way, the Olympics ad
vanced foot by foot until the Star. ford
forty-yard line was reached, where
J. Dlclcson's Black Bess beat Pasha Kennels'
Road Agent, 42-0; Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn
boat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty, 5-2; R. E.
de B. Lopes' Green Valley Maid beat Pasha
I Kennels' Rod* of Ash. 4-2; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Lady Emma boat J. Murnane'a Wildwood.
' 9-4; .T. Mooney's Silent Treasure beat I. K.
Halton's Tic Tar, 10-2; Curtis & Son's Cava
lier beat Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs, 18-10;
Sterl ii Knawlea' Amarosa beat Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller, 4-3; Al Austin's Firm
Foe beat J. Dennis' October Woodcock, B-0;
Curtis & Son's Commodore beat 11. H. Gray's
Terronette, 6-3; \Y. M. llealey's Skylight boat
J. Show-bridge's Silver Maid, IC-0; J. E. Cone's
Red Glen boat J. Shewbridce's Blooming
Chance, 16-3; i;. L. Taylor's M .-•- 'a bye); H.
H. Gnu's Rona beat F. A. J'«?Comb's Lord
Lytton, 8-6; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore beat W.
11. Jones' Rustan, S-6; D. .1. HeaJey's Maori
Land beat P. J. Nolte'a Rich and Artless. S-4;
Curtis & Son's McKinley beat J. Dean's Belle
of Anderson, 13-S; J. H. Smith's Merced beat
J. P. Thrift's Forgive', 11-'; George Whitney's
Theron beat James Rodcers' Willie Bannon,
6-0; K. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Lady
Marian, f>-6; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured (a
bye): Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend beat J.
Kennedy's Xlght Time. 15-8; Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim beat Maher & Reid's Singleton,
14-1/.
AT INGLESIDE.
The rundown in the non-winners' stiks
produced some good 6port yesterday at
Ing] Bide. Gaslight beat Flora McDonald
in a long course and upset the talent at
odds of 9 to 1. Two relief dogs were
»c in the course before the hare
was caught. Following are the day's re-
Eiclts:
T. Rogers' Olga beat Handy & Smith'? Ter
rona; A. F. Moore's Decency beat J. Bodkin's
Decorator; James Hurley's O X Capitol boat
Russell, Ali-n & Wilson's Belle Claire; J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat A. Van den IJurgh's
V; C. Alken'a Bemlce beat J. J. VA
monds' Some Time; E. Baumelster's Winning
Ways beat W. H. h-hear's Fury; W. C. Glas
son's Terronite beat ('. Leavy's Babe Sheridan;
Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr. beat Jamea
Byrnes' Battleship; W. C. Glasson's Joy Hells
beat Lowe & Thompson's llii-h Born 1.. i .
Handy & Smiths Jennie Wilson brat G
Ruri'eind's Royal Prize; R. P. Julian's Sweet
Music beat E. M. Kelloßg's lowa Girl; T. Sul
livan's Maid of the Hill beat C. Leavy's Wild
Game; A. Maaeey'a Hadlwist beat W. EL
Shear's Flame; R. P. Julian's Signal bent < '.
Aiken's Chauncey; Handy & Smith's Magic
beat J. Rouning's Dempsey I^ass; E. M. Kel
loss's lowa Boy beat J. O'Do-.vd's Shoot Over;
P. B\ ChajnbeU's Rocklin Bell.; brat R. Pimp
le's Honor Bright; M. Mlc.hallki'g Kerry-
Cow beat T. J. Cronln's I>e;>end on
Me; K. M. K^llopg's Hummer beat T.
J. Cronin'.-i R. :■•■-> r.f Tralee; D. Ford's
Anita beat C. Strebl's Skylark: T. J. McHugh's
ess beat I>. Dillon's castle Island Boy;
ii. Allen &: Wilson's Cliinogo Boy beat
A. Vanderwfaite'a Master Gordon; P. M. Clark
son's Blark Hawk beat P. Keilly's Expense;
Kay *• Trant's ihri^tmas Day beat F. P.
Lauterwasser's Scot Free; James Norton's La
(;..l^ta beat J. Seggerson's White Chief; E.
Baumeister's Warrior beat J. Sheridan's Forest
King; J. O'Dowd's Clifton Lass beat Kay &
Trant's Sir Rothwell; T. J. McHugh's Maid of
the Mill boat G. Fnderickson's Ask Him; J.
Byrnes' Olympus beat J. Norton's Cadenza;
George Burfeind's Pastime beat Larkey &
Rock's Liberty Bell; D. Ford's Juanlta beat G.
Fredtriekaon's Miss Fireball; Handy & Smith's
Vk-tor beat T. Farming' s Babe Murphy; D.
Ford's Bonlta beat J. Coleman's Norman; W.
L. Trade's Wandering Tom beat L. Wiggins'
Dexter P; D. Dowst's Sarcastic beat J. Dean's
Free Silver Boy. James Byrnes' Nellie B beat
H. Lynrh's Mystic Maid; T. Logan's Miss Griz
zle beat P. Cronin's Peg the Rake; J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen beat J. Carleton's Dolly
Vard«n; J. Farley's Cash Day beat Samuel
Moore's Rox: Kay & Tr&nt's Orosspatch bent
A. Weber's Montana; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
beat H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; (\ l;.
Wiley's Gaslight beat Lowe & Thompson's
Flnra McDonald; O. H. Lahusen's Fireball b»at
J. Ferris' Cleopatra: T. J. Cronln's Maid of
Ball beat E. M. Krllogg-R Lady Gilmore; H.
Allen's Miss Lois beat P. Renelson's Dox Daze;
J. Mahrr's Benicla Boy beat H. A. Deckel
man's Mlra Monte.
Corporations as Litigant*.
OAKLAND. Oct. 21.— This Oakland Iron
Works filed suit to-day against the
San Francisco Brick Company, Grtiy
Brothers, Harry N. Gray and George b .
Gray, collectively and as individuals, to
enforce the execution of a note for JSOO
! and a mortgage on property in Linda
Vista Terrace, unrl«r an agreement en
tered into last April. Plaintiff alleges
that a combination pus: mill and one dry
pan mill was furnished defendants, oh
account of which JIISO was paid, and to
cover the balance defendants agreed to
give the note and mortgage. Incidentally
a lis p<"ndens has been filed on the Linda
Vista property.
They Are Licensed to Wed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 21.— Marriage licenses
were issued to-day to the following 1 named:
Andrew Peterson, aged 66 years, and So
phia F. Servin, 49 years, both of Oakland;
Theo. Meves, 34 years, Crockett, Contra
Costa County, and Christina M. Holnhold,
Zi years, Oakland; Antone M. Santos. 27
years, and Marie C. Bettencourt, 16
years, Sun Lorenzo; Benjamin Cohen, 22
years, San Francisco, and Mabel Simon,
19 years, Oakland; Manuel V. Macedo, 25
years, Oakland, and Rose Amaral, 25
years, San Francisco; Antonio L. Frapa,
43 years, and Maria F. Manhan, 47 years,
Oakland.
they wfre stopped, and the pigskin
changed Bides. But little ground was
gained by Stanford, and Murphy was
forced to punt. Dinsmore, the pritty
and Fiire-playlng half of the Olympics,
caught the ball and was downed in the
bog. T»-n yards for ofl" side gave the
clubmen some ground, but they could
not advance It by "rushing, and the
punt was resorted to again. Stanford
kept gaining by those punts, and the
ball was dangerously n^.ir tho Olympic
goal, but In the hands of the clubmen.
Five yards from their own goal the
Olympics began to separate th< msrlves
from danger, until they reached the
fifteen-yard line, when the cardinal
dropped in tho mud three times and
the Olympics made no gain. Tho joy
on the Stanford face broke through
the cakes of mud, which fell to earth
as an accompaniment of "rah-rahs."
Just then the referee blew the whistle
and tho first half was over, Stanford
fifteen yards from a touchdown and
the ball In its possession.
The steaming athletes uncaked the
mud and restored their separate Identi
ties while waiting for tho. second half,
which btjian with a pelt of rain from
. High School Boys Tie.
The second of a serious of football
games for the High School championship
wan played on the Sixteenth and Folsom
streets grounds on Friday. The teams
representing Lick and Lowell schools
played a tie game. The rain came down
in torrents, but did not dampen the ar
dor of the young athletes.
"Pete" Smith of the Olympics and Hu
bord of the University of California ref
ereed the game. Both teams played an
excellent game, and it will be hard to tell
who will win the tie. The line-up was as
follows:
Lowell. Lick.
Jutzen Center Parry
Boradorl and
Hixson Guard—R Fleck
Sti'.lman R—Guard—L Kerr
(Capt.) Mlddleton.L—R. Heltmuller
Pond and
Craiff R—Tackle— U. Miller
Stines and
Leavltt L— End—R Hull
Whaley R—End—L Benson
Wright and
Milton Quarter Forward
Vo? Burg L—Half— ; Kern
HBmilton Half—L Karelin*
Webster Full .(Capt.) Kelsey
Of 1000 deaths In Europe sixteen are by
violence; in the United States forty-one.
WEAK MEN CONTRACTED AILMENTS
MADE STRONG. PERMANENTLY CURED.
:
nnPTfISTC WHfl ARF SPFRI4I ftPs A FEW DANGEROUS SYMPTOMS.
liUulUno Wild Ant. orLUIMLIOIOi despondency, loss of flesh, palpitation
A GREAT MANY PEOPLE DO NOT SEEM TO UN- W^Sl^Wht^^^S^^S^lt
**■ derstand the difference between the regular practi- NOYING DREAMS. AVERSION TO SOCIETY, LACK
tloner and the medical expert who has devoted his life 2&&£k Bl 2l9?h££?^ l^s^'££ rE $J ' DIZ "
Btudy to, say, three or four complicated diseases. They esl ETC BREATH. SUNKEN EYES, PALE-
seem to be under the impression that every physician Nature does not give these warnings without a pur-
cures any disease with equal success. It is an every day pose. Harkon and seek the proper medical assistance
experience to have a patient say, "I have tried nearly and you may be rescued, but delay usually means disas-
every remedy sold by druggists for my trouble," and the t(?r . «■ wrecked constitution, chagrin, mortification, social,
Invariable verdict is. "No benefit." Another will say: mental and financial ruin, dethroned reason or an un-
"l have been treated by several family physicians in my "^Thousands of men are to-day physical wrecks 'who
neighborhood, who thought they could cure me, but the would be strong and well if they had been treated uy Dr
results proved otherwise." Meyers & Co.
they "•- " ; —fT A FAIR
Nervous Debility, __, ___ OFFER:
585E; M . 7^^W^^^^7&\ co DR wn| ie E t R t h !
r^Hl^ 189 "" 1 /^^^^'^^^l^^^^^^^k^'P^^^^mX ca wi " let the
NenrdgU. ' / (fY *S^ I|F( W* 'tfSpMli? \ SnV bank '" San
Ear Diseases, >o VJ,]^' may be made
Lung Diseases, s> _ rZ^ 0^
Bectal Disease!. I monthly.
WHY THEY ARE SUCCESSFUL. HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
Every member of the staff is a specialist of long ex- There are men In every city, town and school district
perience in curing MEN. Their original method of throughout the West who have been cured by DR.
treatment checks all wasting of the flesh, builds up the MEYERS' successful HOME-CURE system. Although
nerve tissues, creates sound and refreshing sleep, re- it is preferable to see the patient in many instances, it is
moves pains, makes the weak strong, and banishes not always necessary.
symptoms arising from violations of the laws of nature. If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis
DR. MEYERS & CO. are not only more experienced, but sheets, free advice, prices and other particulars. Corre-
they are better prepared than other doctors, as they spondence solicited. All letters confidential. No print-
have the largest medical institution in America. ing on envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender.
FREE CONSULTATION AND ADVICE. FREE CONSULTATION AND ADVICE.
i-Fi%« ItSL E LBmi3 C& \^>x/#j San Francisco.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE— Hours, 8 to 5 daily; 7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sundays.
the clouds above. Murphy kicked off
to Sheehy on the Olympic thirty-yard
line, and then the big, brawny and be
spattered athletes of the Winged O be
gan to do something. Down the marsh
they came, right through the cardinal
embankment, until the center of the
field wns reached. Her" the Stanford
line stiffened and the mud froze. The
Olympics could not penetrate It, and
the ball passed to the college men.
Murphy punted to the twenty-yard
line, and a misplay by Dlnsmore in the
catch gave the ball to the cardinal
again. Now or never, and It waa
never, for the two trials against the
Olympic line proved unfruitful, and
Murphy tried a drop kick for a goal,
which was also unfruitful.
From thp twenty-five yard line Dins
more punted out. and Fisher, tucking
the ball under his arm, ran for ten
yards before being downed. An off-side
play gave the pigskin to the Olympics,
but brought them little good, for they
could not make the necessary gain.
Murphy then punted to the Olympic
twenty-flve-yard line, where Dinsmore
caught the ball.
Again the clubmen braced their of
BERKELEY VICTORIOUS.
League of the Cross Team Puts
Up a Good Football
Game.'
BERKELEY, October 21.— Rain and mud ;
made football a very slow affair upon the j
campus of the University of California j
this afternoon. It was a match game be
tween the League of the Cross Cadets and
Berkeley's varsity team. From the start
it was clear that the league men could
make but very little headway against the '
better trained veterans of the U. C. team,
but they showed commendable pluck from
start to finish. Time and time again the
varsity half backs went breaking tnrough
the line for ten and fifteen yards, but the
cadets rallied with spirit and faced their
opponents, only to have the onslaught re- I
peated.
Berkeley had the kiok-off and pent the I
ball well into the league's territory. The i
cadets got the ball, but failed to make the j
five yards. By continual bucking the var- i
sity forced their way down the field and
scored a touchdown in about ten minutes.
Kaarsberg kicked the goal. Berkeley got
the ball after it was in play again and
once more worked down the field for an
other touchdown. This time Kaarsberg
missod the goal and the scoro stood 11—0.
For the second half the Berkeley fresh- !
men changed places with the varsity, and '
Sasi
fenslve forces and worked down the
field yard by yard. It looked as if they
were going to score, but only for a
short time. Ten yards from the line
Stanford held the clubmen, and victory
was shut out from the Olympics, A
punt by Murphy for thirty yards
placed the pigskin out of danger.
Once more the Olympics tried to turn
the trick, and again they failed. This
time they worked their way to the
Stanford eight-yard line, and were
held when the double whistle ended
the game.
Referee and umpire — Stewart Cotton,
Stanford; Percy Morse, Olympic.
Time of game, twenty-minute halves.
The teams lined up:
Ftanford. Position. Olympic.
;.-n L— End— R Hamilton
Hentley L— Tackle— R Shoohy
Ilurnett L— Guard — R ...Cadwallai'.er
Haven Center Monroe
Graves R— Guard— L Fickert
Pole R— Tackle— L Erskine
Parker R— End— L Varney
Murphy Quarter McLaine and
Code
Smith L— Half— R Dlnstnore
Fisher R— Half— L U
Rodolph Fullback Atkinson
this mad© the sides about even. For
twenty minutes they lined up against the
cadets, the ball passing from one side to
another with no appreciable gain for
either. "Whalen, the league's right tackle,
did good work for the line, and Dibblee
of the freshmen showed up to advantage
as end. No scoring was made in the sec
ond half.
The two teams lined up as follows: .
California. Position. Cadets.
Cornish Center Gerag-hty
Aplin Right guard Wiers
Grlesberg Left guard Edminster
Fringe Right tackle Whalen
Hanson Left tackle Casey
"Wamble Right end T. Ahearn
Hill Left end D. Ahearn
Elli3 Quarter Cal Ewlng
Smith Right half Erlenhein
Llppman Left half Leavy
Kaarsberg Fullback McStockkar
Brooklyn Takes the Final.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— Brooklyn *-on the final
game of the exhibition series with Philadelphia
by shißßlng the ball. Dunn had the Quaker*
guessln? the time. Score;
Clubs— r. h. E.
Philadelphia 5 10 2
Brooklyn 10 jg g
Batteries— Donahue and McFarland; Dunn
and McGulre. Umpire — I^atham.
For More Sports See Page 15.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^_^_
"^^JcalTperations
For Cure of Piles and Rectal Diseases
No Longer Necessary.
It has long been thought, not only by
some physicians but by people in general,
that the common, painful and exceeding
annoying trouble, piles, was Poetically in-
curable by any other means than a sur-
gical operation, and this belief has been
fhe cause of years of nee d less stiff er ing
because of the natural dread of surgical
operations. many salves, ointments and
There are many salves, ointments and
similar remedies on the market which
afford some relief in cases of piles, but
the Pyramid Pile Cure is the only prepa-
ration so far introduced that can be re-
liably depended upon to cure to stay
cured every form of itching, bleeding or
protruding piles. '■".'• ■"■'--- '■ - , ,
Mrs. M. C. Hinkley of 601 Mississippi
street, Indianapolis, was told by her
physician that nothing but a surgical
operation, costing between seven and
eight hundred dollars, could cure her. as
she had suffered for fifteen years, yet
even in such a case as hers the Pyramid
Pile Cure accomplished a complete cure.
She says: "I knew an operation would
be death to me and tried the Pyramid
with very little hope, and it is not to be
wondered at that I am so enthusiastic in
its praise.' l
Major Dean of Columbus, Ohio, says ho
suffered for forty years from piles and
twenty years from itching piles, and in
his case two packages of the Pyramid
cured him. , ,
Mr. D. K. Reed of South Lyons, Mich.,
says: I would not take $500 and be placed
back where I was before I used the
Pyramid Pile Cure. I suffered for years
and it is now eighteen months since I
used it and not the slightest trace of tha
trouble has returned.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by nearly
all druggists at 50 cents and $1 per pack-
age, and as it contains no opium, cocaine
or other poisonous drug it can be used
with perfect safety.
No one need suffer from piles in any
form who will give this excellent remedy
a trial. Made by the Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall, Mich. Any druggist can get it
for you.
I Well Give $1000
-*b£B«wS*>n. If I fail to cure any
idSßKioiliiig*2&! CANCER or tumor I
M&& W'3---ib treat fore it scat-
mit 3 *^**?*^ ters or affects the
wßy v «"*' ribs or other
Jo wjS bones.
f£&» mks*^ $mi No Knife
• \W&& flii lip No Pain!
/ ' ;Pl No Pay
•A X Wl Until Cured.
I itflMWCfcj, . ,~-~ 23 years' e^peri-
' \ S**^™"**3i|\ / esce. 1000 cancers
\ '-^^ ft now In my offices in
\ // alcohol. I.adyattend-
\^ .-.■< i ant - Any hard
i^& '****ZZLI \^"lSw lump anywhere
|£ y^ W^ A n y lump In •
Woman's Breast is Cancer
, If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
•when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE , , ,
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials ox
thousands cured in California. Writ* them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D. 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND TH!S to some one WITH CANCER.
NOTICE!
I
; Taxes Doe Upon Assessments
; Made by the State Board
: of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 11, IS9E.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
S66S of the Political Coda, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the Stat«
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
• cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments." containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
b'tate Board of Equalization for the year 1599
to- wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gau*re Rail-
road Company. Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Callfornia-Ores?on Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquln Railroad Company,
Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p m
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th«
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless bo paid on'
or before the last Monday In April next, at
6 o clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at tho
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof. <^ucu
E. P. COLOAN. State Controller.
KSIIIOR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
fiSoSf hpjSs Flve hundred reward for any
vfl^ case we cannot cure This secret
fSrwß "srnS le!ne(l y stops all losses in 24
9fm WBSI hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
"i'JTl Sinf; Uncy, Vartcocele, Gonorrhoea,
mH m% Gle<?t - Fits - Strictures. Lost
y"**'3_irjT<l Manhood and all wasting effects
. of sejf-abuse or excesses. Sent
■enled, $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
'] cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
| STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
frr sale at 107314 Market St., S. P. AH privat*
duea&eg quickly cured Send for free book.
1 lyMMEßgjEfoiif
V»i. ■■■■■■. .. 1 " ' r ' g '~ <fe »-£*• -
When requested, tho resorts mentioned
in this column . will send you circular*
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them. etc. When writing please mention
I The Call.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the I relief and cure of Rheumatism,
I Gout, Diabetes, Rn^hts and othv renal
complaints. Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
I ie Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutler st.
■- BOCA HOT€L.
' F'?r ES H li* TI>?O AND FISHING ONTHR
» rruckee River; Pleasant sunny rooms, good
JSf.onfhi. a «■*•'. S 0 " 1 free t0 cuests - prlc * #
r£».i i.nable. W iJ 10 per week: special rates tor
families. yy_j McDONALP. Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
I TTVVO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
; -nßir™^ 1 & meet » traln a * Na P* Clt *- an-
| drew JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.AD VEBTISEMEN IS.
How to
Become Rich.
The accumulated savings from
small earnings will not make
wealth unless invested in an enter-
prise that will produce revenue.
This company offers people In
moderate circumstances an oppor-
tunity to purchase any amount of
stock they wish, giving the small
Investor the sama chance as the
capitalist.
Taking advantage of opportuni-
ties such as we offer is responsible
for many of the fortunes that are
In existence to-day.
Make Investments where far-
sighted and careful financiers are
backing their judgment with the
money.
Buy Oil
Stock Now
Oar oil w«Ils In Contra Costa,
nine mile* from Oakland, will
make our stockholders rich the
moment we strike oil. We are
down more than 900 feet, with 300
feet to go to reach petroleum.
Oil should be flowing from these
wells in 10 days. If we did not
have confidence In the result a
spur to connect our property with
the California and Nevada Rail-
road would not be built, nor would
we erect a telephone line to the
well*. • .
At $5.00
Per Share.
We are selling stock under guar-
antee. If you are not satisfied with
your purchase return the stock In-
side of thirty days and your money
■will be refunded.
Board meets Oct. 23, when an ad-
vance in price may be ordered. If
you read what the Fuel Committee
of the Manufacturers' and Pro-
ducers' Assn. had to say about our
Contra Costa property you'll buy
now. The report and an illustrated
prospectus will be sent for the ask-
In*.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 822-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING, SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
■ of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and Gil of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, aid up In
Cash .■■.WOO.OOO 00
ASSETS. "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $223,482 33
Cash in Company's Office 345 31
Cash In Banks 59,500 36
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.040 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 23.517 91
Total Assets ....$313.856 7,1
ltabtlittp:?.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31 53
Losses In process of Adjustment or la
Suspense 125 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running;
one year or less. $23,219 2«; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 11.809 63
Grops premiums on Fire Risks running
mere than one year. $3,144 82; reinsur-
ance pro rata 2.740 M
All other liabilities 7.40S 35
Total Liabilities - ...» 24. 114 97
rNCOME.
Net Ca*h actually received for Fire
premiums 8.70S 27
Received for Interest and dividends on
honds. Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 2.325 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100.000 08
Total Income ....$106.123 27
HXJ*BNt>ITUHK«.
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1905 *4
Tald for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 4,072 72
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes 89 *3
All other payments and expenditures.. 12.77. 22
Total Expenditure* $17.785 27
Fire.
Losses' Incurred during the year $2,356 93
P.i3k s and Premiums. IFire Risks. ! Premiums.
Net amount ■•' Risks
written during the
year $3,5W,585 . $80,811 11
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 248.050 1.99181
Net amount in force
Dfctmhfr SI. I*W5 3.124.723 56.4€4 OS
F. G. VOSS. Vie* Pres.
J. M. SMITH. See.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thls"?£th
day of January. ISS9.
EDWIN F. CORKY.
Commissioner for California.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
»*-^*Ei-C%Zifr»!'«M M "'if •* in a non-potsonoT*
*«V^ ; w> £ *^*s2O*g remedy for Gonorrrxca.
%ftS3p!^UHEa>£a Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
mSrJT m l toii»r«- Whites, unnatural lit-
KgiuM Oc»r»«u<J \2 c!,urg<!», or any influmma-
wKW Dot to Mrlatutt. tion. Irritation or ulcer*.
[jv i contagion. tion of ma c o a ciem-
|Py*lrMFEvANSCrit«in«Lno. br * ne »- Non-aatrlngent
ffI^CINCINNATI.O.H3fI old Dy Orn *&i«ti,
■D|v rr •' a Til " l "' Ilt * a Pl»in wrapper,
' ' oipreis. tropni.i, :o4
fl-ou, or 3 boclos. ti.lL
r V' 9 Circular sent uit naacM.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAIIIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
ctrenfftb. to ec.*.uaj orcans. Depot. 323 Market.
9fews of Camp and transport
ROTTANZI IS NO
LONGER IN THE
NATIONAL GUARD
His Military Ambition
Gratified.
Tulio A. Rottanzl Is no longer connected
with the National Guard of California,
He failed to report under the provisions of
the enabling act of the last Legislature,
bo he has, in general orders, been honor
ably discharged from the service. Tullo
is the well-known, jolly all-round good
fellow. Dr. Rottanzi, formerly surgeon
and captain In the Fifth Infantry, and re
cently captain and assistant surgeon of
the United States Volunteers from Cali
fornia during the Spanish-American war.
His service watching the powder works in
the Santa Cruz Mountains gave him all
the military glory that he had yearned
for. But there are others who failed to
report for service In the guard, and they,
too, have been honorably discharged.
They are: John J. Cahiil, captain Com
pany A, second Infantry; L. A. Jackson,
First Lieutenant Company A, Second In
fantry; John F. Lucey. captain Company
E, Second Infantry; James G. Estep. first
lieutenant Company H, Second Infantry;
Peter T. Riley, captain Company I, Second
Infantry; John X, Tyrrell, first lieutenant
Company I, Second Infantry: E. S. Heller,
first lieutenant and quartermaster, Fifth
Infantry; Charles 11. Dasher, captain
Company A, Sixth Infantry; Ueorge L.
Doll, first lieutenant Company A, Sixth
Infantry'; J. -Pi Worrell, second lieutenant
Company A, Sixth Infantry; William H.
Cook, captain Company Q, Sixth Infantry;
Arthur S. Guthrie, captain Company H.
Sixth Infantry; Asa R. Newell, second
lieutenant Company H, Sixth Infantry;
Alfred S. Clark, captain and chaplain,
Seventh Infantry; Charles H. Fer
nold, captain Company E, Seventh In
fantry; Oliver G. Kenney, second lieu
tenant. Company E, Seventh Infantry;
Joy A. Winans, second lieutenant
Company F, Seventh Infantry: Albert W.
Browne, captain Company H, Seventh In
fantry (Captain Browne subsequently
placed on retired list June 3, IS9S); John
AD VEBTISEMENT S.
GOOD DOCTORS.
Are Quick to See and Appreciate Real
Merit in Any Preparation — Many
of Them Are Now Purchasing
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets in All Stomach
Troubles.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a dis-
covery of great value to the medical pro-
fession and the public. They are an un-
failing specific in all cases of dyspepsia
and disordered digestion.
Almost everybody's digestion is disord-
ered more or less, and the. commonest
thing they do for It is to take some one
| of the many so-called blood pu:
which in many cases are merely strong
cathartics. Such things are not needed.
If the organs are in a clogged condition.
they need only a little help and they will
right themselves. Cathartics irritate the
•ive linings of the 6tomach and
bowels and often do more harm than
good.
Purging is not what Is needed. The
thing to do is to put the food in condi-
tion to be readily digested and assimilat-
ed. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do this
perfectly. They partly digest what is
eaten and give the stomach just the. help
it needs. They stimulate the secretion
and excretion of the digestive fluids and
relieve the congested condition of the
glands and membranes. They put the
whole digestive system in condition to
do its work. When that is done, you
need take no more tablets, unless you
eat what does not agree with you. Then
take one, or two tablets— give them need-
ed kelp, and you will have no troi
It's a common sense medicine and a
common sense treatment and it will cure
every time. Not only cure the disease,
but cure the cause. Goes about it In a
perfectly sensible and scientific way.
We have testimonials enough to fill a
book, but we don't publish many of them.
However—
Mrs. E. M. Faith of Byrds Creek. Wis..
says: 1 have taken all the Tablets I got
of you and they have done their work
well in my case, for I feel lik" a different
person altogether. I don't doubt if I had
not got them I should have been at rest
by this time.
H. E. Willard. Onflow. la., says: Mr.
White of Canton was telling me of your
Dyspepsia Tablets curing him of dj
Bia. from which he had suffered for eigjit
years. As I am a sufferer myself! I wish
you to send me a package by return mail.
Phil. Brooks. Detroit, Mich says:
Your dyspepsia cure has worked wond-
ers in my case. I suffered for years from
dyspepsia, but am now entirely cured and
life as I never have before. I
gladly recommend them.
It will cost 50c to find out Just how
much Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
helj you. Try them— that's the best way
to decide.
All drug-gists sell them. A little book
on Btomacn diseases will be mailed free
by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich.
Furniture i Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Free
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE. COMPANY.
338-340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.'
Telephone Main liiO. , i ■■.-:',' r- : . •
m 70 Years* Success^
■ in every quarter of the Globe. . JBs
|DrCC.BR!STOL'si '
SARSAPARILLA
m and PILLS S
Powerful Purifiers -®g-.
@»y THE VESY BEST OF ALL ' JIgSW
BLOOD m LIVER CLEANSERS.®
THE FADING DRUGGIST^7>^^ . ,
+ IHE SMITH PREMIER Ilk
TYPEWRITER. HUffe
4- -f
USED EUERYM/HERE.
GET CATALOGUE - - WE BENT WRITERS.
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
HO Montgomery St, ">-;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22. 1899.
W. Hammons, first lieutenant Company
H Seventh Infantry".
The following commissions have been is
sued from headquarters at Sacramento:
Second Brigade staff— Abbott A. Hanks,
to be captain and aide-de-camp, vice
White, resigned.
Cavalry— M. "White, to be first
lieutenant of Troop D, vice Nordholst, re
signed; John D. Putnam, to be second
lieutenant of Troop D, vice White, pro
moted.
Second Infantry— Ernest Weyand, to be
captain of Company B, vice Ford, term
expired: Henry Dickson, to be second lieu
tenant of Company B, vice Weyand, pro
moted; John A. McMartln, to be captain
of Company E, vice Lucey, failed to re
port for duty under act of March 21, 1899,
and honorably discharged; John F. Sher
burn.to be first lieutenant of Company E,
vice McMartin, promoted; Fred M. Miller,
to be captain of Company I, vice Riley,
failed to report for duty under act of
March 21, 18M>, and honorably discharged:
Charles A. Witter, to be first lieutenant
of Company I. vice Tyrrell, failed to re
port for duty under act of, March 21. 1599,
and honorably discharged; John H. Rich
ards, to be second lieutenant of Company
I, vice Miller, promoted.
Fifth Infantry— A. K. Whltton, to be
colonel, vice Fairbanks, retired; John F.
Hayes, to be lieutenant colonel, vice
Whitton, promoted; William Elliott, to be
major, vice Hayes, promoted; Joshua B.
Dickson. to be captain of Company C, vice
Maclay, resigned; Vlrgilio J. B. Cheda. to
be captain of Company D, vice Elliott,
promoted; Joseph P. Barrow, to be second
lieutenant of Company D, , vice Murray.
promoted. .
Sixth Infantry— Edward Jones, to be
captain of Company C. vice Duncan, term
expired; John A. Devlin, to be first lieu
tenant of Company C, vice Lemon, term
expired; William S. Scott, to be second
lieutenant of Company C, vice Jones, term
expired; Kenneth C. Mastellar, to be cap
tain of Company. G. vice Cook, failed to
report for duty under act of March 21.
1599 and honorably discharged; Howard
J. Haley, to be first lieutenant of Com
pany G. vice Blodgett. term expired; Ben
jamin F. Whittam, to.be second lieuten
ant of Company G, vice Munzer, term ex
pired. __ .
Seventh Infantry— Harry La V. Twin
ing, to be captain and adjutant, vice Al
fonso, retired; John C. Mielke. to be first
lieutenant and battalion adjutant, vice
Blackstock. resigned; John E. Sullivan,
to be first lieutenant and Quartermaster,
vice Hutchlnson, resigned; Truman Cole,
to be captain of Company C, vice L s; n &'
worthy, term expired; Raymond I. roll
mer, to be first lieutenant of Company C,
vice George, resigned; Alba M. Hum, to
be second lieutenant of Company D. vice
Phillips, resigned; Warren A. Wing, to
be second lieutenant of Company F, vice
Winans. failed to report for duty under
act of March 21, 1599, and honorably dis
charged; Lawrence D. Collins, to be sec
ond lieutenant of Company I, vice Thayer,
term expired. „,„
Naval Militia Battalion— Douglas White,
to be lieutenant and paymaster, vice In
derhill, resigned; Charles A. Hunt, to bo
lieutenant Junior Grade. Sixth Division,
vice Scurier, resigned; Henley C. Booth.
to be ensign, Sixth Division, vice Hunt,
promoted.
Certificates of re-election have been is
sued to the following named officers since
the date of general orders No. S. C. S. :
Fifth Infantry— Carl L. E. Wenk, re
elected captain of Company F; Curtis C.
Covalt, re-elected second lieutenant or
Company F.
Sixth Infantry— David W. Morris, re
elected captain of Company D; George
W. Jones, re-elected captain of Com
pany F. _ _
Naval Militia Battalion— C. Pe
terson, re-elected ensign, First Division.
Colon-1 A. K. Whiuon and Captain and
Regimental Adjutant D. A. Smith of the
otry, have cleared up the regl
mental roll and ;>ll who were carried but
r entitled to have their
names there have be«n <lis. -barged ac
cording to law. There were S from Com
\ 47 from C, 2 rrom D and 7 from H.
The reas ms for these discharges were:
Enlisted In the army or navy, 8; expira
tion of term of service, 12; by two-thirds
vote, 2; removal, 24; for falling to report
under the act of the Legislature, 18: and
withdrawal of consent of parents, 2, In all
The following changes in the regiment
are announced: -»«,».
Company A— Private Henry E. Taber,
to be corporal, vice Meinecke, reduced to
the ranks; Private George Nl( hols, to be
ral, vice Smyth, discharged.
Companj l' Private Albert a. Smith,
to be quartermaster sergeant, vice i
who la hi reby reduced to the ranks at his
al Newell Vanderbllt,
ant, vice Johansen, dischai
Private Thomas A. Kerrigan, to be per
; second Ueu
t; Private Frank B. Moulton, to be
In, discharged: fri
ll rry C Smith, to be corporal, vice
Archer, discharged; Private William T.
Butterworth. to be corporal, vice \ an
derbilt, promoted sergeant; Private
Charles A. Almy, to be corporal, vice
Mulhern, discharged; Private Alfred Har
row to !■•■ corporal, vice Greaver, dis
charged; Private Valentine D. Clark, to
irporal vice Cheda, elected captain.
Private Iver C. Mastrup. Company D.
transferred to Company C; Private Ernest
Barbau, Company G, transferred to Com-
Major William Elliott, major of the
Fifth Infantry, has resigned to accept a
commission in the United States Volun
u. r service.
The recently mustered out officers ana
men oi the First California Regiment are
considering the order from superior head
quarters to return into the guard on or
• the 30th of next month and there
is considerable speculation as to the num
ber thai will avail themselves of the act
of March 21. which gives them the right
to re-enter the guard without loss of time
as to continuous service In the guard.
Rules and regulations submitted by
Colonel John P. Burgin, inspector general
of rifle practice for skirmish firing, have
been approved at superior headquarters
and lssu< d in orders.
The trophy, a silk flag, awarded In 1«97
mpany M, Seventh Regiment, will
again be competed for. The rules provide
that at least SO per cent of the members of
each company of Infantry should, on the
Completion of the course of practice at
rectangular targets, be exercised In skir
mish iiring.
The calculation of percentage will be
based as follows, viz.;
(a; At least 8u per cent of the total num
ber of this company should be present
and participate.
(b) If over SO per cent, percentage Is
based on men actually present, or num
ber of points made divided by highest
number of points possible to be made
with the number of men shooting.
(c) If under 80 per cent, percentage is
based as if 80 per cent of company were
present, or number of points made divid
ed by highest number of points possible
to make with ?0 per cent of the company.
The company making the highest per
centage shall be entitled to the trophy,
to be held until after the contest for the
next year, when it will be delivered to
the winning company for that year. The
trophy to become the property of the
company "winning it three years in suc
cession.
In case of a tie between two or more
companies the same will be shot off at
a time and under such conditions as may
be directed by the inspector general of
rifle practice.
Army Nurse Talks.
An attractive feature of the California
Regiment's band concert at the Alham
bra last night was the lecture delivered
by H. Waage, the Red Cross nurse. ••'
Mr. Waage entertained the house with
his campaign- experiences, humorous and
pathetic, and when he finished was called
back flye 'times to bow his acknowledg
ments. The soprano solos of Mrs. Eva
Tenny and the military busrle calls of
Trumpeter Henry Anderson filled an at
tractive programme of well-chosen num
bers. To-night the band will give its last
performance in this city, after which it
will play a. short road season through
the State. ;/.','•
A Campflre.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, auxiliary to
the Grand Army of the Republic, will
have a campflre and entertainment In
B'nal B'rith Hall next Wednesday nl^ht.
Among the features will be O'Connor and
Kellcher, the reel and jig dancers, who
will dance to McCarthy's bagpipe music,
and Miss Nellie Bowlln, the versatile act
ress, who will present several speciaJties.
There will be dunclng.
Customs Inspector Appointed.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed George Banks as customs inspec
tor, clas6 E, salary $3 per day. Mr. Banks'
name was taken from the eligible list, and
he is one of the additional inspectors al
lowed upon the recommendation of Spe
cial Agents Smith and Li nek.
TWO VOLUNTEER
REGIMENTS TO
GO THIS WEEK
Orders for Departure
Are Issued.
A new batch of orders was issued
yesterday in regard to the departure of
the two new volunteer regiments, the
Thirty-flrst and the Twenty-eighth, and
the order of sailing of the transports now
in port. There has also been a reassign
ment of the 350 recruits who have been
ordered to report to General Otis at Man
ila. According to the present arangement
the Manuense will sail to-morrow with
three companies of the, Thirty-first Vol
unteer Infantry, commanded by one field
officer, and 175 recruits, commanded by
Captain W. N. Hughes, Thirteenth Infan
try. The Pennsylvania will also sail to
morrow with 175 recruits, under the com
mand of Captain Edward T. Winston,
Nineteenth Infantry, and such other
troops as may be assigned to lt_ Although
it has not been so announced, the under
standing is that the Pennsylvania will go
from here to Portland and there embark
a portion of the Thirty-ninth Volunteer
Infantry. The remainder of that regi
ment and a portion of the Forty-fifth
Volunteer Infantry will sail from Port
land on the transport Olympia.
The transport Newport will sail abont
Tuesday or Wednesday, probably with a
portion of the Twenty-eighth Volunteer
Infantry, the remainder of the companies
composing that regiment sailing on the
Tartar a day or two later.
Nine companies of the Thirty-flrst Vol
unteer Infantry have received orders to
sail on the transport i.'ity of Peking,
which will get away about the middle of
the week.
Captain D. Niskern will go out on the
Newport as quartermaster, and First
Lieutenant H. L. Laubach will be on the
Pennsylvania in a similar capacity.
Captain James B. Hughes, Fourth Cav
alry, will go to Manila in charge of a
cargo of mules and horses. He will sail
from this port on the Centennial about
the middle of the week, and from there
jvill transship on another transport, not
yet designated, for Manila.
The animal transports Conemaugh and
Leenanaw will sail for the Philippines
some time next week with 600 mules.
A detachment, to consist of First Class
Sergeant Charles B. Meyers, Sergeant
Fred C. Flagg and Second Class Privates
Leo Browne, W. S. Chancey, A. W.
Crawford, H. J. Dornbusch, T. J. Pat
terson, w. T. Peyton and J. C. White of
the signal corps, now at Angel Island,
will sail on the Newport.
The departure of the Twenty-eighth
and Thirty-first regiments this week will
be closely followed by the mustering out
nt the Washington and Kansas volun
teers, the latter receiving their dis
charges on October 2S and the former on
November 1. By that time also additional
regiments of volunteers will begin to ar
rive from thr> recruiting camps in the
Bast, gome oil them being already on the
road, so that the tented cities on the
military reservation will at no time be
entirely deserted. The lowa and Ten
nessee regiments are also due to arrive
in the course of a week or ten days.
The trouble in the camp of the Wash
ington volunteers over the question of
transportation home has by no means
be*Mi settled, although, according to the
men, there is hut one way in which it can
be settled. They declare that they have
bad enough of transports and that they
propose to return to their homes by train.
Whether they go in a body as the guests
of the citizens of Seattle or as individ
uals. The citizens' committee, it Is un
derstood, are anxious for the boys to re
turn by transport In order that they may
be welcomed with a grand naval demon
stration on the Sound, as the Callfornians
were welcomed when they arrived in the
harbor of San Francisco. In view of the
stand taken by the soldiers, however, this
plan is hardly likely to be carried out.
The opposition of the volunteers was
briefly set forth by one of their number
lay as follows:
"( >nt of the entire regiment there are
at least "00 who arc going back to Wash
ington, find we are willing to go in a
body tn Seattle and parade because we
appreciate all that the people of that
tflty have done for us; but we do not
want to go on a transport, and we don't
intend to, even If we have to pay our
own fares by rail. Seven hundred men
cannot be given good accommodation*,
much less first class passage, on a trans
port. We have had a little experience In
that line, and now that we have got
cleaned up and straightened out after our
voyage from Manila we do not want any
more of it." ,
Colonel Evatt and Adjutant Long of the
Leicestershire Regiment, which cable re
ports name as having won distinction in
the victory over the Boers at Glencoe,
South Africa. Friday, are well known to
the officers and men of the California
Ropinient, to whom they showed many
attentions whom the latter were passing
through ITongkong en route to the Phil
ippines over a year ago. The two Brit
ish officers were afterward sent to Man
ila as military attaches and while there
were entertained In turn by the Callfor
nlans. Both Colonel Evatt and Captain
Long became very popular with the
Americans, to whom their good fortune
In battle will be welcome news.
Fresh Prisoner— Good morning, your
Worship; fine day. Isn't it?
Judge— Yes; yours Is 40s, or a month.
FREE DISTRIBUTION
• ■ ' * ■
KrISE! "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Every old, middle-aged and young man should read it. Call at the office for one any day from 9a.m.to 6 p. m., Sundays 10 a. m.
to Ip. m.; or if you do not live near enough fill in coupon and send it to me. I make no charge whatever for book. A limited
number of these books will be given free, so send for one to-day and it will be sent, seared, in plain envelope, postage prepaid.
— " ~ — * .....MEDICINE WILL NOT CURE
/^^gp&^L^ I know the action of every drug that was ever prescribed, but let me say as physician to patient, as man to
"' ■Kv^Ju man medicines at best will but stimulate. They do not tone. Why not use that potent force which nature so
&$£ Il«ill bountifully bestows upon vs — the one element most important to life in man or beast — ELECTRICITY?
M^- _ V^'W\V With m latest improved Galvanic Body Battery and Supporting Suspensory I combine a self-treatment
S7 \"^ jMmS ON MY PROFESSIONAL WORD I MAKE THIS STATEMENT: To weak men— young, middle-aged or old— who
A ' JHfiV 'if^'^iP ma y nave {ne least foundation left to build upon, I promise a positive and permanent cure by the judicious use
3 ■'TFT*- '4Pr*w of MY ELECTRIC BELT. More than 6000 attested to this last year. IT STOPS THE DRAIN' IN THIRTY DAYS,
fe^T*"*® s^lMtiMizi^. and 1 causing a free circulation of blood to and through the parts, gives development and speedily cures.
< JP»a|pj|jpl|fflr§ Bwk|h|=l^' The Following Will Testify That '.-.*\'.?- o*-o*o^o^^o^o^-o^o-»o-»o ♦o-^o^o-^o-»-o*o-^o
nD C A T\Tm?TJ»C! 171 17PTDTP "RT7T T o CVT THts OUT ' 5
dr.sanden's^eliectricbelt: onn " ora :
J. S LEWIS, Elsinore, Los Angeles County, Cal. ° ° n ' * •" "" ' ■ o
. mMiS^^^^^^M^^' CA. STEININGER, 2416 Suiter Street, San Francisco, Cal. o °
WTS . JOHN K. &NOX, 330 Florida Street, Valiejo, Cal. I Address '. o
H-- I JOS SEARS, 353 1 Washington Street, San Jose, Cal. i*o*o*o*7ro*V*r*o*oTr*7r o T*oIoIUo
These Belts cure at once sexual weakness, such as Losses, Drains, Emissions, Varicocele, Shrunken Organs, Rheu-
matism, Lame Back, Sciatica,* Nervous Debility, etc. And if you suffer from any of the above complaints consult me.
IRfclF^ HP £1 ■ v €S-/\'"rVr^l :^M-- 18 Third street San Francisco.
l^J^fi^V* ■!■■■• . /^"^» . "C^^ l W M /ll * 119^ South Spring Street, Los Angeles.
■ . - ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ .■-'...:. '
HONGKONG MARU
IN HARBOR FROM
ORIENTAL PORTS
Mishaps on the Gipsy
and Townsend.
BOAT CAPSIZED IN THE BAY
SIX OF THE TRANSPORTS MAY
GET AWAY TO-MORROW.
The Toyo KisenKaisha's steamer Hong
kong Maru arrived from Hongkong, via
Yokohama and Honolulu, yesterday. She
was detained some time at the quarantine
station landing the Chinese passengers,
j and did not reach the Mall dock until
after 2 p. m. Her cabin passengers were:
C. P. Plunkett, B. Braham, W. Liebes,
Miss Marjorle Venton, A. Harrison, C. D.
j Lovejoy, Dr. A. Hartog, A. M. Hecks, J.
I B. Tenney, Mrs. E. T. Skidmore, Miss L.
I C. Kennan and L. Merle and wife.
As soon as the vessel docked Detective
Seymour went aboard and placed Miss
Marjorie Venton under arrest. She was
taken off the steamer at once and hurried
to the Central Police Station, much to the
I amazement of her fellow-passengers. Miss
I Venton is charged with being the accom
plice of Alba A. Kent, who swindled the
Union Trust Company out of $16,000 by
forging his father's name to drafts for
verious amounts.
The mail steamer was six days eleven
hours and twenty-seven minutes coming
up from Honolulu, so she did not make as
good time as the Moana, which made the
run to the Farallones in six days and five
hours. Captain Filmer reports bad
weather throughout the, voyage and a
heavy head sea from Honolulu to San
Francisco. Dr. Hartog is the physician
who left the Moana at Honolulu In order
to make a quick passage on the Hong
kong Maru, and Miss L. C. Kennan is the
young lady who was to have wed George
W. Woodbury on his return from Austra
lia. Her prospective husband died two
days after he reached Sydney, and his re
mains came back on the Moana.
The steamer Townsend sailed for St.
George Island yesterday with diverß and
wrecking appliances to get the steamer
Laurada oft the rocks, but after steaming
as far as the lightship had to return. John
Fitzsimmons, one of the oilers, got his
hand caught in an eccentric and four of
his lingers were cut off. The vessel was
at once put about, and on her arrival at
Melggs wharf the wounded man was
landed. Another oiler was procured and
the Townsend made another start.
Captain MeKenzie is in command of the
Townsend, but Captain Frank White of
the Laurada is in charge of the wrecking
crew and "Jack" Koach is the heaa
diver. The party is positive that the
Laurada will be got off the rocks, and
Captain White has taken along Martin
Flaherty to act as his chief officer as soon
as the wrecked steamer is afloat. The
Laurada has a cargo in her hold valued
at over $150, 000, and if the wreckers cannot
save the vessel they should get enough of
the cargo to more than pay the expenses
of sending the Townsend north.
The steamer Gipsy had to put back
again yesterday morning. She went out
Friday night, but the bar was too rough
and Captain Leland came back to Broad
way wharf. Yesterday another start was
made, and while the Bteamer was passing
OUt First Assistant Engineer John Green
was thrown against the machinery and
dislocated his shoulder. The Gipsy was
put about and the tirst assistant was land
ed at Melggs wharf. An engineer to till
his place was procured from the Marine
Engineers' Association and the vessel pro
ceeded to sea.
There was considerable speculation
along the front yesterday over a story
that came from Angel Island. The sol
diers on leave from the detention camp
say that a boat containing four persons
capsized off Point Blunt Friday after
noon. The boat disappeared into Raccoon
Straits, but no trace of the occupants was
seen afterward. The inference drawn by
the soldiers was that the people in the
boat were drowned. It appears that Bap
tiste Batsinzi, John Lauy, Frank de -Mar
tini and Eddie Sche*l secured a boat at
Lombard street wharf and went for a
sail. Off Angel Island they were cap-
Sized, but got on the bottom of the boat
and later were rescued by Oscar Lewis
and John Kerwin in a Whitehall. An at
tempt was made to tow the boat back to
Lombard street, but it failed. The four
boys wire nothing the, worse for their
ducking.
The transport Leelanaw came off the
drydock yesterday, where she has been
repaired, and the big ship Arthur Sewall
will take her place. The Sewall will be
the largest vessel that has ever gone on
the floating dork.
captain Storrs of the Leelanaw is going
out as master of the Matteawan and Chief
Officer Harding will take the Leelanaw
on hi r next voyage to Manila. Captain
Connor of the Matteawan is going- ]£ast
to take command of another of the com
pany's .vessels.
The transport Westminster is out in the
stream, and as a berth cannot be found
for her the quartermaster is not saying
very complimentary things about the
port. The fr< right for the vessel is all on
hand, but nothing can be done until she
can be got alongside one of the Wharves.
If the, weather permits the Manauense,
Tartar. Conemaugh. Olympia, Centennial
and Pennsylvania will get away to-mor
row. Stores and horses have to be put
aboard the different vessels, and if this
cannot be done it may be Wednesday be
fore any of them can depart. Chief Of
ficer Rickmers of the Conemaugh Is not
going out this trip. His place will be
taken by Second Officer Horton of the
Pennsylvania. Mr. Rickmers has been
for nine years in the. employ of the Em
pire Steamship Company and is held in
■&■:, ATVEBTiSEMENTS.
Jcityof^ Paris)
1 DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
1 Cloak and Suit Department )
8 PREPARE FOR WET WEATHER! <5
I SSS MACKINTOSHES AT $4.85 K. I
« Better Qualities Reduced in Proportion. «
1 GOLF CAPES New FOI» WET WEATHER I ns $14.00 1
cci:!e ci :! MACKINTOSHES AT $4.85 B. I
Better Qualities Reducad in Proportion.
GOLF CAPES " c » Kwse y cm combinations $14,00 1
I lATI7CTC Tan and BJacjf Kersey or Tan Covert $17 ta I
I JAUICIJ cloth, All Silk Lined AT Ol^.tJU |
I Furs, Boas, Collarettes, Novelty Neckwear. 3
I The Greatest T A II HD Rl AHE CITITC at Moderate Prices 1
| Variety of IAILUK = JHAIIC jUllj Eyer Displayed. |
I Furs, Boas, Collarettes, Novelty Neckwear, g
The Greatest T A II AD if A |\C CITITC at Moderate Prices |
Variety of 1 AlLUlvlfl AilE JI) 1 1 J Ever Displayed.
g OUT-OF-TOWN ORDERS SOLICITED. SEND MEASURES. S
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
S S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoa. y"
§ • UNION SQUARE. 8
rsinnrsinsfTnnrtrs mnnnrsinnnnrs y inrinnrsvTnsTrirßirinrtnnsTrinnnrsT^
I OUR society BLUE BOOK. I
O O
]O - O
i THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY j
§ . Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. I
to ? o
fO —^ i — i -
to The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed o
Jo on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- e>
£ mold" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front °
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- °
Jo Ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- o
)o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the o
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with o
£ their business addresses: a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and ©
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents. °
U and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will b« £
£ permanently located for the winter. c*
to Address all changes to of
P CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
v 225 Post Street. San Francisco. 3
Jo Care of EDWARD H. AIJ.TCH.ELtL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o<
high esteem by everybody in the service.
Captain Trtanor, late of the schooner
Manila, has almost completed arrange
ments for building a splendid four-masted
vessel for the coast trade. Captain
Treanor was part owner in the Manila,
and took her on her maiden voyage to
China with a load of lumber. After dis
charging he received instructions from
the managing owner to return to Puget
Sound in ballast. At that time of the
year it would be almost impossible to
make the great circle passage, so Captain
Treanor accepted a charter to load sul
phur at Hakodate for San Francisco, and
arrived here in due course. The manag
ing owner criticized the captain's action
so severely that he resigned, and Captain
Peterson, late of the steam schooner
Aberdeen, took command of the Manila.
The new schooner tor Captain Treanor
will be built by Matthew Turner at
Benieia,
The cruiser Marblehead sailed for San
Diego yesterday. From there she will go
to Central America on a surveying cruise
in search of the uncharted rock on which
the Starbuck was wrecked.
The steamer H. J. Corcoran made her
last trip to Stockton for the season last
night. On arrival at Stockton she will be
laid up until next summer.
Scammel & Ruddell. who have been op
erating the steamer Queen of the Yukon
on the Sacramento River, have sold out
their interest to the Sacramento Trans
portation Company. The opposition did
not get the patronage it was led to ex
ppct and had to retire from business,
Tho following graduates of McNevin
Bros.' Navigation School have received
United States licenses as masters and
mates:
Masters steam — J. Ramussen, also master
sail; J. A. Petterson, also master sal!: L. J.
Kmidson. also master sail; refer Paulsen. also
mnster sail; Alexander Lampe, also master
snil: Alfred Holmberg, also master sail; A. J.
Anderion, blbo master sail; D. S. Ames, also
master sail. Masters sailing ships"— T. Fry;
Patrick Kelly, also chief mate steam; P. A.
Hanson, F. 6. Erickson. Gustave Peterson, J.
O Thomson. Chief mate steam. B. 3. Franks.
Chief mates sailing ships— Victor Holmquist.
John Dahte. T. T. Pettersen. Second mate
Ptpam (unlimited)— Erik Johansen, H. C.
Grimm, G. S. Nutting-, C. W. Brastinsr, John
Pahl, G. E. Warmley. Carl Brown.
Uniformed Maccabees.
San Francisco Division No. 3 of the Uni
FORTUNES
IN OIL
The Continental
Oil and
Development Co.
This Company was Incorporated
as a close corporation, with only
60i30 shares of stock.
The Board of Directors have de-
cided to put about 1000 shares of
this stock on the market for de-
velopment purposes. Consequently,
a person owning one share of stock
will have a big interest.
The Company owns by United
States patent five 20-acre trams in
what is called "The Oil Basin."
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt. This is one
of the few genuine opportunities
that has been offered as an Oil
Investment.
For further particulars call on or
address
A. E. RUDELL., Sec,
222 Sansome St., S. F.
"vTM. CORBIN, Pres.
form Rank of the Knights of the Macca
bees will, during the month of November,
give a ball and it will be the first ever
given in this city by this branch of the
order. Captain H. L. Ticker, command
ing the division, has appointed as a com
mittee to arrange this function Lieuten
ant George V. Leroi, Sergeant T. J. Har
ris, E. G. Wright. W. W. Thompson and
D. B. Richards.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU don't know what -Swell Juvenile Ap=
parel looks like until you've seen our
Winter Productions. That may sound like
brag, but it ain't. Every style on the
second floor is a new one. An original
idea in Trimming Treatments and Design.
WE'RE IN A POSITION
TO DRESS EVERY
LITTLE CHAP IN
FRISCO AND DRESS
NO TWO ALIKE
and all in Swell Fashions. How does that F th .
strike you for a VARIETY OF STYLES? Only i itt , c
14,700 square feet to Juvenile Apparel- boy
that's all=and a floor full of comfortable i tneeda
facilities for making purchases a pleasure
instead of a tedious job. | overcoatJ
THAT NAME STANDS FOR PROGRESS.
CORNER KEARNY AND UNION SQUARE AVENUE.
Everything
that's Beautiful
in
Crockery.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down,
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Imnortiug: Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
ioo Stores.
I
1899-TAXES-1899
lU3U InALu sUCpu
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Heal Estate Thx<« and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent . added on MONDAY,
5JcvL-mb«r 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from i to i
1 EDWARb I. SHEEHAN,
Tar Collector of ths City and County of San
Francisco,
PT rr Tt /it Painless treatment. Per-
IHu t! at manent cure. Entire tlma
i> M H vri d"\'f,ted to rectal dls-
' U Ai etitt.-s. References those
JL !i 1 1 JBJ V, 3 cured. No sursery. A. J.
ATKINS, M. D. f 836 BuU
ttr strcat. baa Frajrtign.
STRONG UNDERCURRENT
OF DISTRUST EXISTS
RATVTOAJra UNABLE TO TJITDEB,
-stand coivnvrrssioirs object.
Siegfried Genthe, Correspondent of
the Cologne Gazette, Speaks of
the Situation in Apia As
It Now Is.
Siegrfrled Genthe, correspondent of the
Cologne Gazette at Samoa, -yeas one of
the passengers that the Moana brought
In Friday. Mr. Genthe la on his way to
Washington, D. C, where he will continue
to watch developments of the Samoan
question for the paper which he repre
sents.
When, Been at tho Palace Hotel Mr.
Genthe, speaking of the situation In the
Islands, said: "Your press dispatches and
particularly the correspondence of Tho
Call, have already covered the news so
thoroughly that there Is but little left
for me to add. There Is a strong under
current of dissatisfaction among the Ba
muana owing to their misunderstanding
of the object of the commission. They
think that the commission was sent to
tho islands to give them a new govern
ment instead of to make investigations
which would form the basis of a report
to ha forwarded to tho three powers for
thorn to act upon.
"The natives cannot disassociate the
commission's limited powers from the
ability to actually substantiate a new
form of government for them, and conse
quently they have been looking for the
new order of things to commence ever
Bince the commissioners left. As time
goes on and nothing is done they gradu
ally became more and more dissatisfied
until at the present time there ig an un
dercurrent or uneasiness and unrest that
is likely to produce almost anything at
any time.
' As to the frequent outbreaks that have
been reported from tima to t!m« ever
since the big insurrection was quelled
they are nothing more than family fouds
that have always existed In the history
of tiie people and will continue to exist
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
as long as there are Samoans, all the
laws to the contrary .notwithstanding
These feuds have absolutely no political
significance.
"Business in the islands is in a very
I unsettled condition owing to th» uncer
tainty that Burrounds everything. Re
ports are continually arriving from both
tho United States and Australia that tho
I islands are to bo annexed first by one of
I the three powers and then by the other.
I This makes everything very unsettled and
I causes those having money to invest to
J hold off until they have something defln-
I ite to depend upon."
Mr. Oenthe has with him a young Sa
moan whom he Is taking home to educate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£6 OB ff
"Will "break up" a Cold from the first
touch to the most stubborn case of
■ \'.jy
It's all very well for people of leisure
to "lay up" with a Cold— keep In-
| doors to go South — wor k-a-day, ac-
j tive people can not spare the time. To
this vast majority "Seventy-seven" ap-
peals; it is a small vial of pleasant pel-
lets; fits the vest-pocket, a ladles' porte-
monnale, card case or child's school
box. The prompt use of "77'/ will
"break up" a Cold from the first touch
to the most stubborn case of Grip.
For eale by all druggists, or Bent on receipt
of price. 25c and $1 00.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor-
net William and John its., New York.
SIMPSON UNLOADING OIL
STOCK ON THE TEACHERS
School Board's Secretary Ac
cused of Double Dealing.
Accepted One Thousand Shares to Act as
Hidden Treasure Company's Agent
Among City Pedagogues.
JA. SIMPSON, secretary of the
Board of Education, Is making
0 use of his official Dosition and
the power that is in It to further
the interests of the Hidden Treasure Oil
Company, of which he was recently
elected president. As a grafter Secre
tary Simpson has transcended the dizzy
heights attained by the Gedge-Conlon-
Armstrong oomblnation and has got In on
a proposition that bids fair to make him
hundreds of dollars for every nickel that
was realized by those other worthies of
the School Department. Every fact In
the case the Board of Education Is in
formed of. Simpson himself, when con
fronted with proof of his double dealing
with the city, daxed make no denial, and
it Is probable that an investigation more
searching than that into the affairs of the
Supplies and Buildings and Grounds Com
mittee will be made.
Simpson does not need the paltry salary
he receives as secretary of the School
Board. He Is heir to the estate of Dr. J.
A. Simpson, and his wealth is estimated
at from $250,000 to $400,000, but he is an old
time lieutenant of Phil Crimmins and by
that political worthy was placed in office
In order that political manipulations
might be made the easier and more suc
cessful when they were connected with
the School Department. Secretary Simp
son himself was willing to take the Job,
as the history of previous school boards
had taught him that there is no more
richly dollar-strewn ground under the
control of the city and county govern
ment.
The Hidden Treasure Oil people were
as quick to see Simpson's commercial
value as he was to accept their subse
quent proposition, and they consequently
approached him through one of his warm
est friends, Bruce B. Kimmis of 201 Turk
street with a proposition to take the pres
idency of the company and 10"0 shares of
th« capital stock for doing so.
Simpson demurred at Ilrst. School scan
dale were getting Into print pretty regu
j larly at that time and he had no stom
ach for anything of that sort; but it was
cleverly pointed out to him that with a
thousand shares of his own and 30,000 of
the company's he ought to make fair
money in unloading a considerable por
tion of it on the teachers at 50 cents a
share. Then he accepted and since that
time has fairly earned the presidential
honors which were thrust upon him.
The company was incorporated only two
weeks ago with J. A. Simpson appearing
on the papers a? president, R. W. Priot
vice president, Bruce B. Kimmis secre
tary and George Higgins, the oil expert,
and George Wiggens as directors. The
property which the company has behind
BUILDING ITS
CASE AGAINST
JOSEPH FRENNA
Turner Murderer Will
Soon Be Tried.
Preliminaries have been settled and the
prosecution Is ready to proceed with the
trial of Joseph P. Frenna, who shot J. F.
Turner in the Crocker building about two
months ago. Frenna's case Is on Judge
Cook's calendar for Tuesday morning, but
It Is probable that a continuance will be
granted, as another 'case precedes it.
During the several weeks that have
elapsed since Frenna sent five bullets Into
his victim's back a local detective agency
has been busy in an effort to obtain evi
dence to prove that Turner was a fighting
man, but with poor success, while, on the
other hand, the prosecution has succeeded
in a like effort regarding Frenna.
The prosecution Is convinced that the
motive which prompted Frenna to murder
Turner was to prevent his being arrested
on a charge of perjury, alleged to have
been committed during the trial of the
several charges against Turner instigated
by Frenna. It is said that Frenna pre
ferred risking trial for murder with Tur
ner out of the way, on the contention that
he acted In self-defense, rather than go
into court as a defendant charged with
perjury, with Turner living. In any
event, the prosecution Is satisfied that It
will be able to carry its case to a suc
cessful conclusion with the motive named
as the cause of the assassination. Frenna
will doubtless allege that he acted in self
defense, but in the event of this being
nullified by the testimony of witnesses
that Turner was shot in the back, Frenna
will set forth emotional insanity as a de
fense, said emotional Insanity being
caused by the action of the dead in rob
bing his slayer of several thousand dol
lars. In anticipation of such a defense,
the District Attorney Is prepared to show
that such a contention cannot have a
basis, as witnesses will testify that Fren
na not only acknowledged that he got
back all the money he loaned Turner, but
that he received as high as |50 a day in
terest on a loan of $3000.
The prosecution will prove that in Oc
tober of JS'Jo a settlement was effected
between the murderer and his victim.
Frenna receiving $6000, with Interest, and
rcconveying all the securities he held to
Turner, including a $24,000 mortgage and
valuable property in Modoc County. The
trouble between Frenna and Turner was
caused, the prosecution will further show,
by a statement made to Frenna by Laur
ence S. MeggiriHon that the securities re
ceived from Turner were valueless. At
that time Frenna threatened to kill Tur
ner. Additional .securities were given and
trouble was averted. Witnesses will tes
tify that Miss O'Donnell, Turner's sten
ographer, told them that Frenna would
kill Turner unless restrained, and this,
coupled with the testimony of a local
broker that Frenna acknowledged that he
was settled with Turner and refused to
make a statement of any debt, is, in the
mind of the District Attorney, sufficient
to secure a verdict against Frenna of
"guilty of murder in the first degree.**
A military display at Mechanics' Pa
vilion next Tuesday evening with the
Twentieth Kansas. Secure tickets at
Sherman, Clay & Co. •
Army Chaplain to Preach.
Rev. T. G. Steward, D. D., chaplain of
the Twenty-fifth Infantry, U. S. A., will
preach at Bethel A. M. B. Church, Powell
street, between Jackson and Pacific, this
morning r« 11 o'clock. Chaplain Steward
is one of i Tie most prominent men of the
colored race. He will leave for Manila
Monday mnrninpr. th<- 23<1 inst.
See Keith's sale millinery goods, slight
ly damaged by water from upstairs. Fine
hats hair price. "Keith's" millinery, Phe
lan's building. •
Jobbers and Manufacturers.
Members of the executive committee of
the Facillc Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association from Seattle, Port
land, Tacoma, Los Angeles, San Diego
its stock consists of 32S acres of land near
fepanlshtown in San Mateo County, upon
which, as in many other sections round
the bay, pronounced indications of oil
have been discovered. A derrick has been
moved on the ground and arrangements
are being made to begin boring within
the fortnight, but the members of the
company do not care to assumo all of the
risk that necessarily attaches to an oil
proposition. Consequently they have is
sued 100,000 shares of stock, par at a dol
lar, and placed 30,000 on the market at 50
cents. It is these 30,000 shares that Simp
son has been paid to unload upon the
hundreds of school teachers in the de
partment.
It was a clever business stroke that
placed Simpson at the head of the com
pany. It is a well-known fact that there
is no more frugal class of saJary-earners
in the city than the teachers in the pub
lic schools. There is hardly one of them
that has not anywhere from $100 to some
thing up in the thousands, saved up lor
sate investment or against a rainy day
and now that the oil fever has lilt the
town they are dragging out their shekles
to blow against a proposition tuat offers
a chance to make them $50 on $1, where
the average safe investment yields them
not over 6 or S per cent per annum.
The company took all these conditions
into consideration and also the fact that
no official of the School Department was
in a position to do the teachers more of
the favors that are vital to them and their
welfare than Simpson. After so figuring
they offered him 1000 shares of stock to
use this influence of his for his own and
their gain and Simpson is using it to the
Queen's taste. The deputies In his ottice
are performing the unprofitable routine
while he is out among the oedagogues
writing certificates. In fact, Simpson has
gone so far with his new proposition that
he yesterday gave orders to the depart
ment carpenter to erect in his office at
the City Hall a cabinet in which he pro
poses to display samples of oil taken from
the Hidden Treasure diggings.
When Simpson was confronted yester
day with proof of the fact that he was
using his position for his own personal
gain he did not deny the charge. ''Sup
pose I am unloading a little stock on the
teachers? said he. "I have got as much
right to do it as any one else and our
proposition is as good as that of any of
the companies that are floating stock on
the exchange. It is a bona fide proposi
tion; we have got our machinery and are
going ahead with our work; all we want
is money to do it with. Tnere is Plenty of
it in the School Department and if the
teachers want to take a chance with us
they have got a right to do it." With Mr.
Simpson's innocent view of his graft the
School Board, however, do«s not agree
and it is possible that either Mr. Simpson
or the oil company will go out of business
in that neighborhood as soon as the Im
minent Investigation is finished.
and Sacramento will arrive in this city
to-morrow. The members for the North
west will probably journey in company
coming in on the Oregon express to-mor
row moraine. All the members of the
committee have sent notification that they
will be present, with the exception of
™° Se £^ m L S An & eles and San Diego.
They will undoubtedly be present. The
first meeting of the new association to be
attended by representatives of the seven
Pacific Coast cities in the traffic league
F\\ # e J? eld tomorrow afternoon in the
nail or the San Francisco Board of Trade.
Ladies' tailnr-mnrie suits, fur cape«. cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post st. •
Maria B. Judah Dead.
Maria B. Judah, widow of the late Gen
eral Henry M. Judah, X T . S. A., died re
cently at Greenfield, Mass.. In her sixty
eighth year. Mrs. Judah was well known
in this city In early days, when her
husband, then Captain Judah, was sta
tioned in the West. She was prominent
in church matters, preferring a life in
the church to one as a member of tho
social set, although she was frequently
seen at brilliant gatherings. She was the
daughter of John Ferguson, one time
Postmaster of this city.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism & neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co. 40€ Clay.
■ » ■
THEY STRUNG HIM UP.
Harry S. Sniffen, who alleges that he
was brutally abused by the officers of the
whaler Beluga during the voyage from
Values of Interest
in
waists, hosiery and velours
During the coming week special values will
be offered in waists, hosiery and velours,
which are worthy of any lady's inspection.
Ladies' Waists
Ladles' corded effect silk waists, solid colors, desirable
shades, well made .and perfect fitting; worth $6.50, this
week for
each
Hosiery
Monday we shall have on sale a line of ladles' black
cotton hose with unbleached maco cotton feet, spliced
heels and toes at the extraordinary low price of
I 6 ~C a pair
Figured Velours
Persian figured velours 28 inches wide, latest designs
and colorings, used for upholstering and drapery pur-
poses, worth $1.00, now at the special price of
J IJ C a yard
139 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our New Importations of
NOVELTY GOODS for our
LACE DEPARTMENT have
all heen received, and we are
now showing an elegant as-
sortment of the following
goods :
New all over CHIFFONS In EMBROIDERED. APPLI-
QUED and LACE EFFECTS.
New GATHERED, RUFFLED and PLEATED CHIFFON
and LIBERTY TRIMMINGS In Cream, Black and colors}
all widths.
New CORDED, TUCKED and EMBROIDERED TAFFETA
SILK VESTINGS In Cream, Black and colors.
New BLACK LIBERTY and CHIFFON RUFFS from $2.00
to $6,00 each.
New NET TOP TRIMMING LACES In IvOPU and Ecru
shades.
New WHITE, ECRU and BLACK ALL-OVER NETS In
great variety,
New BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACES and INSERT-
INGS. BLACK SILK POINT VENICE LACES and BANDS,
New NORMANDY, REAL TORCHON, SMYRNA, POINT
DE PARIS, POINT APPLIQUE LACES, different wldtAS.
with Insertions to match.
NOTE---
-500 dozen LADIES' UNLAUNDRITD, HEMSTITCHED,
EMBROIDERED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS
pure linen, 15c and 25c eadL
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Si,
| Save money -- 1
3J EVENINGS until 9. Sundays . i«L
% KunTet or Teeth, pain- -"VAN VROOM" «
«=S less extractions free.. *4.OO up t X~» X 1 T IWViTI gj-
>=2 Gold Crowns, 22-k 3. 80 up _ ., ,_ .. WfZ
-5 Fiiimgrs 25cup 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. «^
•^^ Teeth Without Plates Our _ *U
Specialty. We give gas. GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. JK
this city to Alaska, filed suit yesterday
against H. H. Bodflsh, the captain, and
the Pacific Coast Steam Whaling Com-
Fin r& ? wner of , tn ® vessel, to recover
$10,000 damages for his suffering. Sniffen.
alleges that Captain Bodnsh on February
11. JSI'S, inflicted grievous physical and
mental pain by fastening his hands be
hind his back, drawing him up by a rope
thrown over a stanchion and letting him
hang for half an hour. He alleges that
his sufferlne was so acute that he was
unable to sleep or eat for a week. Then
the captain refused to furnish him with
food other than salt meat, the plaintiff
continues, for a period of four months.
Then he was confined in cramped quar
ters for another period, and for all this
Buffering: he demands $10,000 damages
Thlstletrm, 272 Sadowa Bt., Ocean View, ha*
for sale the choicest and cheapest homes In S. F.
CASH' OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
An Extraordinary
Special!
Cobbler-Seat Rocker, in Antique Oak
and Mahogany, $2.00 this week
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), I
1017-/023 MISSION STREET
flbove Slxtb.
Phooe South 14. Open ETeninys.
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
_ . SURGERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of student.
_ . . MONDAY. Octobf 23.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS. M.D.. D.D.S., Dean.
416 Parrott building.
iwf'^gttgg? s '"- A - M ' MD - B~fa8 ~-
fa <g^r ■■■HI 11l !■■! I |#S3 E 4S\
330 MARKET ST.SI^Sa^Pages 11 to 20
The San Francisco Call.
Eloquent Speakers Enliven a Multitude of
Patriotic People — Manly and Modest Talk
of the Republican Nominee for Mayor,
<Vor* N immense audience arose and
if cheered Horace Davis at Metro
cheered Horace Davis at Metro
/■ ■ A Polltan Temple last night. The
,// assemblage was representative of
the character. Intellect and pa
triotism of San Francisco. The spirit of
enthusiasm was unbounded. The ringing
applause for the flag, for McKinley, for
l>ewf>\ for Davis and the great Repub
lican party wa_s spontaneous and pro
longed. Such demonstrations charge tha
political sphere with the element of
Republican Lory.
The vast audience gave a mighty shout
•cf applause at the first suggestion of
'Colonel T. V. Kddy-that the forces were
grow forming for the great contest of lf.'O,
in which Ban Francisco, by reason of her
commanding position on the Pacinc Coast,
4s so deeply • rested. Mayor Phelan and
I.ls straggling followers of the Committee
of One Hundred should have heard the
people demand the consideration if na- <
tional politics In this municipal contest.
race Davis won the respect of the
assembled voters by his manly and mode.-t
utterances. The policy for the betterment
of San Francisco which he outlined was
applauded. He did not dwell on his own
past services to the city and State and na
tion, but gave his views as to what should
be done for San Francisco's future under
the new charter. He acknowledged the
warmth of the ovation which the splendid
audience gave him in tones attesting the
sincerity of the acknowledgment. Every
one In the assemblage, and there were
many ladies •present, lending an influence
of refinement to the occasion, knew that
Horace Davis was sincere and honest In
his utterances. They knew that he was
rot a time-serving politician, employing
the arts of a demagogue to catch public
lavor for his own political gain.
Every seat In the main auditorium and
In the galleries was occupied before the
meeting was called to order. The first
outburst of applause, which throughout ■
the evening became so frequent, was j
•when Hon. Horace Davis stepped onto the
p'latforrn with the speakers. His appear
ance was the signal for a mighty and a
hearty cheer. Eugene F. Bert was the
chairman of the evening. In opening the j
proceedings he stated that he desired to
refer to what appeared to be a little an- j
cient history.
'I want to refer back to a week ago, In
this very hall, when we ratified the work
of our municipal convention. During the
week the Democrats have been circulating
the report that the meeting was sparsely
attended, that there was no enthusiasm
and that in reality there was no ratifica
tion at all. Now. I want this audience to
hurl back tho lie to them by cheering so
that they can hear all along the highways
and the byways that we are here in large
numbers and that we are full of confi
dence and enthusiasm." The cheers were
given with a will, and the hint given by
the chairman was followed out during the
entire evening. When the shouting ceased
Mr. Bert hurled defiance at the Demo
crats and closed his remarks by saying:
"If this is a cold audience, then let the
Democrats make the most of it."
Colonel T. B. Eddy led the list of speak- i
er.*. Hla address was on the bearing that :
national politics have on a municipal '
c impugn and of tht> absolute necessity
and propriety of bringing them into the
affairs of the city. He lid that he had
the privilege of occupying a seat in the
gallery ami watching the deliberations— [
he .stated that he used the word advisedly i
— of the late Democratic convention.
"I was astonished," said Colonel Eddy,
"to hear their standard-bearer say that
thf municipal election had nothing to do
with national Hairs. Is it that Phelan
wns afraid that when lines were drawn
— as they ought to be in this campaign—
he and his colleagues would be buried out
of Fight? Bryan said at Denver, after
leaving here, that San Francisco would
fro Democratic and that would Indi
cate that California would fall into I
the Democratic column. Would that !
Fhow that the municipal election had ]
any bearing on national politics? We are I
told that when we bring national politics |
Into this campaign •■■• •■ are traitors to the
city, and this when the magnificence of
the administration of the Republican
party is what brought the city its great- ',
est prosperity. Phelan, without qualify
ing his remarks, applied this term to the
Hon. Horace Davis." • A voice: "Shame.") !
"Yes, I say shame." The speaker said j
that the reason Mayor elan was mak- I
ing such a howl about national politics j
was that his party did not have the moral I
• ourage to indorse their national plat- j
form, and when he found that the Repub
licana had indorsed their administration !
and their party policy he found himself
in a bad position, and the only way in i
which he eouM crawl out of It was to pet
ur> the cry that national politics had no !
place In the municipal campaign. He de- i
voted some time to an argument in favor !
of expansion and closed his address with !
the .insertion that Mayor Phelnn -was I
manifestly Insincere in his protestations
t't wonderful love for the charter, for the
city r.nd for its Institutions, for his sole
fimbltlon wa,s to use the mayoralty to
boost himself into the office of United
States Senator.
re was a time when R«
afford to vote tl
-. It has I
• . c elected Mr. Pne-
T^t it not be saM
did ar.ythlr.ar of the kind this year.
FUNSTON WILL GO BACK
TO THE FIGHTING LINE
Optional Orders Received From
Washington by the General.
After Visiting Kansas the Little Hero Will
Return to the Field of His
Many Exploits.
r—^ HIGADIER HENERAL FRKD-
I__J) ERICK FUXSTON will soon see
Philippine service again. He re- I
ERICK FUNSTON will soon ?r-e
Philippic again. He ro-
JL--// ceived optional orders Wash
ington yesterday by wire, and will
reply at once in the affirmative.
The telegram came as a great surprise
to the famous soldier, who believed that
he would be allowed to enjoy peace and
civilization for a while as a rest from
more gory sco: "And should he wish
to remain in the United States he can do
bo, for the Washington dispatch was not
a mandatory one. He will, however, turn
his face Orientward again in a few
months, perhaps In a few weeks, for the
temptation to take part in the final settle
ment of the Philippine question is too
great for the fiery little warrior to re
sist.
"I shall go back to Manila," said the
»«neral yesterday afternoon at the recep
It Is the paramount duty of ©very Repub
lican to stand by his colors."
A selection by a male quartet followed,
and then Hon. Horace Davis, candidate
Mayor, stepped to the front of the
platform. No candidate for public office
: have wished for a more hearty
greeting than was accorded him by the
audience. Cheer upon cheer * rang
: through the building. For several miif
.he din was terrific, but gratifying.
As the cheers were dying away a small
buy high up in the gailery cried out,
"What's the matter with Davis?" The
I took that as a signal for another
of shouting and yelled until It waa
I to quit from pure exhaustion.
When things quieted down so that his
could be heard Mr. Davis said:
•'I appreciate a reception like this, be
causts it comes right from the hearts of
my ft ::ow citizens. I am here to-night
: our programme and what we
Be to do to carry out our promises.
In many material things the city has en
j tered upon a new era of prosperity. The
desire to improve and expand the city
has been born anew in the hearts of the
citizens. This same civic spirit cvim l
in a new form of life for the city
when we adopted the new charter. We
awh . out of our shell and we
are going out Into the world with more
determination to make our city the great
est municipality of the West.
"When the charter was presented to the
people its acceptance came from the Re
publican districts of the city. Every dis
; trkt that voted against it was Demo
cratic. I want you to make a note of
j this. If any special credit Is to be given
: for the charter tt certainly belongs to the
! Republican party, it is not necessary to
:re you that I am a friend of the
: charter. I was chairman of the charter
entlon and when It went before the
1 Legislature I used all of m>- Influence to
have It ratified.
"Municipal government Is a great busi
ness affair. A municipal corporation
j should be managed like any other corpor
ation — on strictly business methods and
principles. When we go before the peo
ple we must do so as advocates of that
i policy. It becomes like any other Insti
tution spending great amounts of money,
: and th«= people are Interested in know
nig how and by whom it is handled.
! "I think that one of the first things
•■ that should be done when the new char
i ter goes into effect is to put the city in
; a sound sanitary condition. Next
, the hospitals. If I understand the re
i ports of the Grand Juries, the condition
! of the City and County Hospital is any
: thing but creditable to the city. It Is a
, spreader of disease ratner than a place
where cure is to be effected. These are
things that require immediate attention.
"And the schools— we are ail proud of
j our public school system. 1:
: you know, is the cornerstone of the re
] public. I am assured by well informed
men that our schools are insufficient in
I number and In many cases dangerous and
i unhealthful. One of the first things to
!be done by the new city government
should be supplying the needs of the city
in that respect.
"The Merchants' Association has
adopted a very commendable platform,
:.g placing wires underground, con
tinuing the present street cleaning
tern, better street pavement ana salt
water for sewer flushing. 1 would go
further. I believe In the city acquiring
Its own wattr supply. We can wa.it un
til later to become the owners of other
public utilities, but so Interlaced with mu
nicipal affairs Is the water question that
| It is absolutely necesfc^xy that the city
■ should own its own plant in order to pre
bility of official corruption.
"When ire shall have carried out these
ma i-.i'j purified tjie political atmos
;-. we • sped to do with the as
ce of the new primary law, San
Francisco may hope to raise "to the posi
tion to which h ■ ■! lntitles her as
the Queen City of the Pacific."
D. E. McKlnlay was the next speaker,
and his remarks aroused the great audi
ence to the highest pitch of enthust
He said in part:
"1 feel very good to stand here to-night
and declare to you that I am now a citl
zen of San Francisco In effect at least.
I will, without preliminaries, say that in
my 'pinion the coming election is one of
iching Importance to the Republi
can party, one of the effects of which will
• I It far beyond the limits of the city
and county of San Francisco. To some It
may seem — to a few who have been tem
porarily blinded or led astray by the ex
travagant claims and equally extravagant
arguments of the Democrats— that the is
sues of the present campaign are slightly
mixed. But there is nothing clearer to
those who will make intelligent use of
eyesight and of their reasoning fac
ulties than these same issues with which
the people of the city are now confronted.
The main issue, the issue which demands
the greatest consideration at our hands at
this time, is whether we shall place the
government of San Francisco undec the
barter in the hands of the Demo
crats or whether we shall place that re
•;. in the hands of the Repub
-in the hands of the party to which
we have (he honor to belong and of whose
I wo are so jus:
"Mr. Phelan and the Democratic party
i are claiming that they are entitled to all
the credit for the adoption of the new
charter by the people of San Frani
I There claims have already been refuted
! tion tendered him by the Ebell Society In
Oakland, "but not until I have Been kan
; sas an«l my friends there. I have not yet
answered the orders, which were opti
[ but have fully decided to say yes to them
!at once. I shall go East with Mrs. Funs
ton within a short time, and will then
prepare for my return to the Philippines."
.Mrs. Funston will not accompany her
husband to Manila a second time. Her
health was so poor during the last three
months of her staY at the islands that
she would have had to return to America
• neral Funeton not come.
"I am not urging my husband to altor
his answer to Washington," she said, a
little sadly, "for I don't think that that
would be right. He is answering as he
wishes. Though It will be harder to re
main at home, I believe, in suspense, than
it would be to go back to Manila and bear
the climate, for there I am able to at
least hear from him every day and know
that he is well, while here I shall be in
doubt and be worried."
SAN FBANCISCO, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 22, 1899.
by Mr. Davis. I am •willing to give the
Democrats all the credit to which they
are entitled. The fact Is, and can easily
be substantiated, that the Republicans
had fully as much to do with the compila
tion of the charter as the Democrats, and
they had far more to do with its ratifica
tion and final approval by the Republican
Legislature and by a Republican Gov
ern or."
After another song or two by the Knick
erbocker Quartet, Chairman Bert intro
duced E. Myron Wolfe, who said, among
other things:
"It has been said that the election that
is now close at hand is the most import
ant in its bearing and probable effect upon
the future of San Francisco of any in
the history of the city. I am of the opin
ion that that is so. but I have no fear of
the result. Just so long as the people cast
their votes as their intelligence dictates,
just so sure am I that the glorious future
of the city is assured. A great deal has
[ been said about what the Democrats have
dons for the city and for the country;
but what have they done? What gTeat
policy, national or municipal, are they re
sponsible for? What great movement
that has resulted in good for the country
have they inaugurated? These questions
are unanswered, and they are unanswer
able. They are not backward In claiming
credit for everything: they are the cham
pion clalmers of the country, but their
claims cannot be substantiated."
Mr. Wolfe contrasted the recent Demo
cratic municipal convention, which was
i together Pimply for the purpose of
indorsing the nominees selected by two or
three men. and the Republican municipal
convention, which selected as its nominees
representative men of the entire Republ:
party of the city. He closed with a
glowing eulogy of the grand qualities of
the head and heart and the exceptional
administrative ability of Horace Davis.
"the next Mayor of San Francisco," a
tribute that received the uproarious ap
proval of the audience.
WARNED BY FRIENDLY SPIRITS
NOT TO EAT POISONED CANDY
Scenes and Actors in a Candy Comedy.
BY the timely warning of her guid
ing spirit Miss Judith B. Dwyer,
clairvoyant and medium, clams
that a plot to murder her was
frustrated. A small box of choc
olate candies in which were inserted
great chunks of bluestone was to have
been the agent 6t death. Miss Dwyer
very thoughtfully refrained from eating
of the candy. Had she swallowed the
sweets she might not have lived to tell
of the conspiracy. Physicians state that
the action of the drug on the human sys
tem is somewhat similar to that which
the rolling of the sad sea waves has on
a person inclined to become seasick. Miss
Dwyer insists that she never saw the box
of candy until it reached her .through
the mall and does not want the impres
sion to prevail that she put up the Job
on herself for advertising purposes.
Business jealousy, she says, is the only
motive any one could have for attempting
to send her to the other world by the
bluestone route. Miss Dwyer rooms at a
Market street boarding-house kept by
Mrs. Louisa Reed. Last Wednesday
morning the postman brought a small
parcel on which was pasted the address
of the medium, cut from one of her circu
lars. The package was handed to Miss
Dwyer by the landlady. She had not
opened It when Uia landlady's daughter,
I Lucius L. Solomons closed the evening
i with one of the most telling speeches de
i livered. Between the records of Hora< c
! Davis and Mr. Fhelan he drew a powerful
parallel, by which the "Mayor in per
petuity* suffered sadly. He unmercifully
grilled those Republicans whom the Phe
lanites claim elected their prophet at the
. last election, and boldly declared that the
! Republican who this year cast a Demo
cratic ballot would stamp himself a traitor
to his party. He was cheered to the echo,
and so bunched his telling points that at
times it was with difficulty he proceeded.
The meeting rinsed with ringing cheers
for the Repubiican standard-bearer and
for the party.
DEMOCRATS ARE
CULLED B Y A
POTRERO FROST
Phelan Gives a Mild
Rebuke.
By actual count fifty men, twenty
seven boys and three women attended
last night the Democratic mass meeting
of the Thirty-second Assembly District
in the Potrero Opera-house. A band
Miss Ella P. Reed, entered the room, re
marking that seme one had been kind
enough to send the spiritualist a present
of a box of candy. Miss Dwyer shook
the package and expressed the belief that
it contained samples of ore on which she
might exercise her occult powers in deter
mining the value of the mine from which
it had been taken
The rock theory was dispelled when the
wrapper was removed from the box. The
contents proved to be a badly disarranged
lot of ordinary chocolate creams. A,.^
Dwyer picked up one to taste it and so
did Miss Reed. They were simultaneous
ly struck with the thought that {he con
fectionery might be poisoned. Miss Dwyer
recalled the spiritual warning and visions
of the Botkin case flitted before the eyes
of Miss Reed. Thn process of tasting the
stuff was discontinued just as their lips
touched tlje chocolate.
Breaking open the candies chunks of
rocks of bluish tinge were discovered
floating about in the soft cream. "It is
bluestone," moaned Miss Dwyer. "Me
hated rival has been foiled by me faithful
spirit," and then both of the women
donned their best attire and > e nt to a
nearby drug store and passed the pack
age up to a chemist. "Sulphate of cop
per," he Bald, and the Intended victims of
the nauseating dose hastened away to the
Chief of Police. Detective McMann was
given the case.
Misa Dwyer claims that for several
weeks she uas been receiving anonymous
played for an hour, a bonfire blazed a
welcome, but no invitation was strong
enough to bring from their homes the
thousands of workingmen who are in the
district. The Democrats expected last
night to find a crowded hall. They spoke
in chagrin to empty benches. In the very
home of the workingmen the agitators
were unwelcome. No more significant cir
cumstance perhaps has cast its shadow
upon this campaign. There are between
and 8000 workingmen in the district.
Fifty made a chilly representation.
As might have been expected, the speak
ers were dispirited. They were hardly
themselves, as talking to the echo of
one's own voice is not particularly inspir
ing. The best of a bad situation was
accepted and R. P. Doolan was announced
as the first speaker. As far as the mu
nicipal campaign is concerned to him it
means simply the election of R. P. Doo
lan. He told what a splendid official he
will make if given a chance. Emile Pohli
was the next speaker, and with James P.
Booth divided the honors of the evening.
P.oth delivered good addresses, outlining
the principles of government they set k
to set in operation under the charter.
They asked a vote for the entire Super
visorial ticket, of which they are mem
bers.
Jerome Deasy was the next speaker,
advocating as usual his own candidacy.
Charles TVesley Reed told his tale of con
vention woe, denounced "the old squaws."
and asked his friends to stand with him
with even greater tenacity than before.
Mr. Reed held the platform longer than
!•■ wish. d. It was his awful duty to hold
the audience until the Mayor arrived.
About 9 o'clock the straJn was beginning
to tell upon the audience. Charles Wes
i ley's tale of woe was not entertaining and
one by ore his auditors were drifting into
the street. And then the Mayor came and
saved the day.
His Honor was cad. He said that he
letters threatening her with annihilation
unless she left the city in a specified num
ber of days. She says that she believes
when those who threatened her discov
ered that she was not to be intimidated
they determined to put her out of the
way by means of the poisoned candy.
Business rivalry is what she claims to be
the motive of the deed. Unfortunately
her guiding spirit did not advise her to
preserve the letters. The good spirit of
Miss Dwyer was guarding her carefully,
however, and wurned her at least a week
before the arrival of the bluestoned con
fectionery. According to the story told
by the woman yesterday to a representa
tive of The Call the warning came to her
one night just as she was about to retire.
"I felt a hand touch me on the shoulder,"
she said, "and distinctly heard the words,
'Beware, you are in danger.' Immediate
ly a vision appeared before me. At first
it was hazy, out as it became distinct
I saw myself as I expect to appear in
death, dressed in my funeral shroud. "
The chemist who examined the candies
says that the bluestone was placed in it
in such large chunks that it would have
been impossible for a person to have
swallowed it without detecting its pres
ence as soon as the sweets were placed in
the mouth. He further states that blue
stone acts as an emetic and that only in
exceptional cases could it produce death.
The police take no stock in the theory
that an attempt was made to murder the
medium.
Pages 11 to 20
Temple Rings With Cheers for the Flag,
McKinley, Dewey and the Gallant Nom
inees of the Republican Municipal Ticket.
had been greeted by large audiences all
over town, and really the people ought
to make some sacrifices. The Thirty
second District, he declared, had been
friendly to him in the past and he asked
for a renewal of the confidence which
had so often been asked and given. He
came to give, he added, on account of his
stewardship. Then a happy thought
struck him and he announced that the
wily postal authorities had conspired to
make the meeting a failure by not de
livering the postal cards of notification.
The only other new or significant part of
his address was a slur cast upon the con
vention which nominated him.
"The people at the primaries gave me
my nomination," he said; "I owe it to no
combination or convention and I am per
fectly free to act as I please."
When Mayor Phelan had finished half
of the small audience had left the hall.
Major Geary then repeated that thread
bare speech of his. He is still on the
firing line, sniffing gunpowder, and speaks
war. There is some thought of burning
red fire the next time he talks. The major
made a false play last night, but it was
not altogether his own fault. He should
have held the crowd until another spell
binder arrived, but he retired, leaving
only Joseph M. Gumming, who is con
fessedly not an orator, in the hall. Poor
Gumming talked like a steam whistle; he
looked nervously and anxiously toward
tho door. He shifted from one foot to the
other in desperation. He talked about
nothing in particular and heaved a sigh
of relief as Assessor Dodge entered the
hall.
A minute later the Assessor was dem
onstrating that wonderful fact of his. He
said he was particularly unfortunate in
reference to the Potrero. "Last year,"
he said, "I got here late and only ad
dressed a handful, and here I am late
again this year, but if you will wait a
few minutes I will show you some
charts." And then followed that dreary
chart exercise. The Assessor was fol
lowed by Lewis F. Byington, Osgood Put
nam, Patrick Boland and Dr. R. Beverly
Cole. It seemed an omen of disaster that
the nominees for Coroner and Public Ad
ministrator should close the meeting.
When the meeting adjourned seventeen
men and five boys were in the hall.
Maennerbund Hall, on Potrero avenue,
near Twenty-fourth street, was well tilled
when the chairman, Eugene Sullivan,
opened the meeting of the Thirty-third
Assembly District by introducing Lewis
F. Byington, candidate for District At
torney, who urged his own election be
cause be had kept his pledges. He asked
his hearers to support only those candi
dates who were friends of the charter,
and was followed by Patrick Boland, can
didate for Public Administrator; L. J.
Dwyer, candidate for Supervisor; Dr.
R. Beverly Cole, candidate for Coroner;
A. B. Maguire, candidate for Supervisor,
and Franklin K. Lane, candidate for City
Attorney. The latter was well received
and made a speech that, quite won his
hearers. Edmond Godchaux. candidate
for Recorder, amused the audience by re
ferring to his diminutive size, which ho
said, however, would not interfere with
the proper fullillment of his duties should
he be elected. Judge Mogan made a plea
for his re-election on the ground that he
would temper justice with mercy, and
H. U. Brandenstein, candidate for Super
visor; George H. Cabanis, candidate for
Police Judge; R. P. Doolan, candidate for
Tax Collector, and Peter J. Curtis, can
didate for Supervisor, all made pathetic
entreaties for the suffrage of their fel
low citizens.
Charles Wesley Reed was the next
speaker and was eloquently telling how
he and his colleagues, if elected, would
remove the City and County Hospital
from the Mission district, when a con
vivial individual in the audience shouted:
"Why, you fellows have been promising
that for the last ten years and you have
not done it yet."
The serg^ant-at-arms quieted the re
fractory individual, and the speechmaking
<>n without interruption. After James
P. Booth, candidate for Supervisor, had
made a facetious speech, which was well
received, Mayor Phelan entered the hall
and was given a rousing reception. He
practically repeated the speech he had de
livered earlier in the evening. While dis
claiming any intention of being boastful,
he proceeded to inform his hearers all
about what he and his Democratic breth
ren had accomplished. At the conclusion
of his remarks he was given three cheers.
J. Deasy. candidate for Sheriff; Al Fri:z.
candidate for Police Judge, and Assessor
Dodge also addressed the meeting.
Silk's Hall, on Mission street and Pre
cita avenue, where the meeting of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District was held,
contained but half the original audience
when Mayor Phelan arrived at 10:30
o'clock. Some small boy proposed three
cheers when the Mayor entered the hall,
and they were given with a will. The
Mayor went over the same ground as he
had done earlier in the evening, and prom
ised to do all kinds of good things for the
Mission district, which, he said, had been
negated in the past, while the Western
Addition had been getting all the impr.^vi-
ments. When he concluded he was asked
a pointed question by one of his auditors
as to why the Thirty-fifth District hsd
not been "given a single nomination for
Supervisor, while the Thirty-third had re
ceived two. Phelan replied by saying that
the nominees had been selected without
reference to districts, with which small
SAN FRANCISCO TO GET
A NEW CUSTOMHOUSE
Building Will Be Like That of
Chicago.
Senator Perkins Will Introduce the Neces*
sary Measure Early in the Next
Session of Congress,
THE California Congressional dele
gation, headed by Senator Perkins
and Congressmen Kahn and Loud,
intend to make a strong fight dur
ing the next session of Congress
for the construction of a new build-
Ing in this city for custom-house
purposes. The present building is
worn out and Inadequate for the purpose.
The earthquakes of the past forty-nve
years have riven its walls, so that the
cleft plaster and masonry smile mock
ingly at the lack of interest hitherto dis
played at Washington In the home af
fairs of the San Francisco Custom-house.
The business has increased within the
past few years to dimensions which en
title the business of the port of San Fran
cisco to the front rank among the leading
ports of the United States.
When Assistant Secretary Vandersllp
measure of ronf.o!atlon the questioner and
his friends appeared to be satisfied.
Barller in the evening the meeting was
addressed by the same candidates wno
hpoke in Maennerbund Hall, and on simi
lar lines, and the audience was attentive
throughout as the issues of the campaign
discussed from a Democratic stand
point.
JOSEPH M. CUMMINGCLUB.
A number of the friends of Joseph M.
Cummins met last night at Lawrence
Hall to take steps to further his candi
dacy for Auditor.
It was resolved to form a club and se
cure headquarters and to actively prose
cute the campaign in favor of their can
didate. The following officers of the club
appointed: President. Ed R. Brady;
vice presidents, Walter Rosie and R. G.
Muilee; secretaries. Ed N. P. Phelan and
W. W. Stone; executive committee — Wil
liam H. Metson, H. H. Goetjen. Hyman
Abraham H. J. Seitz, Frank Bragg and
David <J. Bole.
Byington Club Organized.
A number of friends of Lewis F. Bylng
ton met last night at Native Sons' Hall
and organized a club for the purpose of
assisting that gentleman In his candidacy
for the office of District Attorney. The
following 1 officers were elected: Fred A.
Baldwin, president; Stephen C. Costello,
vice president; Charles S. Peery, record
ing secretary, and L. M. Bannon, finan
cial secretary. An executive committee
consisting of one member from each As
sembly district was appointed to take
charge of the compaign.
YACHTSMEN MAKE MERRY.
Corinthians and San Franciscos Hold
Their Closing Entertainments.
Both the San Francisco and Corinthian
Yacht clubs gave the Closing entertain
ments of the season yesterday. At ti.e
San Francisco clubhouse, Sausallto, there
was a reception, dance and entertain
ment, beginning at 8 o'clock fn the even
ing, at which many of the members and
their friends were present. Refreshments
were served and a pleasant evening was
enjoyed. Most of the guests returned to
the city by the 10:50 boat.
At Tiburon, on the arrival of the 6:30
boat from San Francisco, the Corinthians
at once sat down to a bountiful supper
of the good old sort prepared under ti.e
direction of Port Captain John A. Keefe.
After the supper, at which several mem
bers of the California Yacht Club were
present, a jinks was given. No set pro
gramme had been prepared, but the per
firniprs sat in the front of the house and
contributed according to their varied tal
ents whenever called upon. Not only
were the regular Corinthian entertainers
present, but also several other well
known i>erformers, who are not so famil
iar to Tiburon audiences as Frank W.
Thompson, E. F. Sagar. W. Howe, H.
i Hawks. W. Crowell, "Jack" O'Brien and
F. H. Bushnell. Frank Coffin and J. Ep
pinger, tenors; J. Mrßride, basso; Nel
son H. Girard of the Tivoli. the Hawaiian
i trio. M. Kramer and C. Henley, pianists,
contributed to the impromptu jinks.
Toward midnight a launch left Tiburon
to bring back to the city those of the per
formers who must be here to-day.
This morning, whatever the weather
conditions may be. the Corinthians, ac
companied by some of the California
yachtsmen, will take the last cruise of
the season, under special orders from the
commodore. The San Franclscos will also
probably go out for a sail during the day.
The California^ will wind up the season
with an informal entertainment at their
clubhouse on Oakland Creek next Satur-
I day night.
MADONNA EXHIBITION
FOR FABIOLA'S BENEFIT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 21.
The board of lady managers of Fabiola
Hospital are planning a novel affair as a
benefit to their hospital fund, in the way
of a. "Madonna" exhibition. It is to be
given within a month and will be not
only a large and very fashionable func
tion, but at the same time one that will be
interesting and instructive. The plan is
to collect paintings, engravings and the
like of the Virgin and make of them an
artistic display. A number of very fine
canvases are owned by Oakland. Berke
ley and Alameda residents and these will
be borrowed. A short address will be de-*
llvered on the subject, and there will be
appropriate music, including the "Aye
Maria." The exhibition will be held at the
residence of Mrs. Edward M. Herrick on
Broadway. Mrs. John Yule will head the
reception committee, which will consist of
some of Oakland's most prominent society
and philanthropic ladies. The event is be
ing looked forward to with much eager
ness and will receive the united support
of society.
visited the Custom-house a few months
age he remarked that Its condition was a
disgrace and that he would strongly
recommend the erection of a new building
of a size and finish in harmony with the
importance of San Francisco as a rev
enue producing center.
He held many conferences with Col
lector Jackson upon the subject, and the
California delegation were appealed to,
with the result that early in the coming
session of Congress Senator Perkins will
Introduce in the Senate a bill to appro
priate $2,500,000 for the construction and
equipment of a new Custom-house in this
city. It is intended that the new building
shall be of three stories, somewhat after
the architectural style of the Custom
house at Chicago now in course of con
struction. The new Custom-house in thi3
city will be an ornament to San Fran
cisco and an advertisement in stone of
the progress in prosperity of the Goldeu
State.12
THE constant downpour of the past
week lias brought society flocking :
back to town, and the g'ayety of the
,- : winter season, with its dancing
parties, teas and charity affairs," Is on in ;
tamest. The "Greenway Cotillons," the !
first of which will be held on the first Fri- ,
day In November, will afford the stepping ;
stone for the young buds of the season j
(and there are many of them this year) to j
make th<Mr Initial bow in society. Mr. I
Greenway, who has been so successful in ■
the years past, has been again persuaded ,
to act in the capacity of chief executive j
for the cotillons.
The banquet of the California Society
of the Sons of the American Revolution,
held In the maple . room of tho Pal
ace Hotel on Thursday evening,
was the first .ax . which ladies were
among the guests, and will not probably
be the last. General and Mrs. Funston
were the cynosure of all eyes, the new
president of the University of California,
and the new rector of St. ' Luke's
Episcopal Church, Rev. D. C. (Jar- j
rett, who were among tho speak
ers, put forth their happiest efforts, j
and tho musical portion of the affair was !
aiso much tnj<<yed. To-day In Oakland \
the Ebell Society will entertain the Fun-
Ftor.s, who have been in great request
since their arrival last week from Manila,
The cotillon of the Alpha was led en
Friday night by Thoringtou Clarke Chase
of Stanford, his partner being Miss Ger
trude Burnett, who orgaiuzed this club.
Thore was an unusually pretty crowd of
girls beautifully gowned,. the . music was
good and tho favors, pen and ink sketches
done by Mr. Chase, were unique and
grtatly admired. The chaperor.s are Mrs.
Wellington C. "Burnett. Mrs. Douglas
Adam and Mrs. Irving ifoulton.
The first notable dance of the season in
Oakland was given' by the Fortnightly
Club at Reed Hall on Friday evening, Oc
tober 20. The patronesses this year are
Mrs. George \Y. Baker, Mrs. A. W. <;••:■
--rill, Mrs. A. \V. . a ens, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon. Mrs. H. C. Tat't and Mrs. George
H. Wheaton.
Among the members of the club are Miss
Gertrude Allen. Miss Martha Alexander,
Miss Carrie Coit, Miss Annie Clay,
Mi.ss Josie Chabot, Miss Kate Cha
bot. the Misses Crellin, the Misses
Fore, Miss Emma Grimwood, Miss
Gertrude Gould. Miss Helen Garthwaite.
Miss Marietta Havens, the Misses Jean
and Florence Hush. Miss Sadie Hale. Miss
Jean Howard, Miss Augusta Kent, the
Misses I'.-'.uline and Anita Lohse, Miss
Carmen Muore, Mips Merle Morrison. Miss
Flora McDermott, Miss Margaret ■lair,
Mlhs Ella Sterritt. Miss Grace - inborn
and Miss May Young.
The doll .show under the auspice? of the
Doctor's Daughters in the maple room
of the Palace Hotel on Friday and Satur
day, November 17 and 18,* promises to be
a greater success than even the successes
of former years. Ten prizes aro to be
offered in the different classes of dolls.
The dolls will also be for private sale
during the show, and those remaining
will be placed at auction on Saturday
evening. The patronesses of the affair
are: Mrs. William H. Crocker, Mrs.
George Crocker, Mrs. Henry J. Crocker,
Mrs. Charles B. Alexander, Mrs. Joseph
Sailoo Tobin, Mrs. John D. Spreckels, Mrs.
William G. Irwin and Mrs. Ira Pierce,
and on the various committees are Miss
Jennie Blair (manager), Mrs. Chauncev
P.. Wlnslow, Mi Alfred S. Tubbs, Miss
Susie McEwin. Mrs. J. Stow Ballard. Mrs.
Frank D. Bates, Miss Bruce, Mrs. Samuel
G. Buckbeo, Mrs. Frederick W. Tallant
and Miss Bowman.
Very general Interest is being expressed
In the exhibition and sale of laces and
needlework which Is to be held in the
maple room of the Palace Hotel In the
Fecond week of November. Both profes
sional and amateur needlewomen have
been invited to tribute and articles
intended tor sale will be plainly marked
with their prices. The patronesses of the
affair are: Mrs. Joseph A. Donohoe, Mr?
Beverly Mac.Monagle, Mrs. Hall McAllis
ter, Mrs. William H. Taylor, Mrs. Austin
C. Tubbs and Mrs. Robert J. Woods, and
KELLY & LIEBES'
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
120 Kearny Street, San Francisco.
FINE TAN JACKETS.
£&C%^- Tan, Black and Blue Jackets, all wool, new
*¥?' style, value to-day for $10.00. Our price
1M $7,50
iilili ELE6ANT ALL-WOOL KERSEY JACKETS.
All si!k-iined throughout; tans, blues, browns
[\$ ■ and castors; value to-day for $16.50.
Msom Our price
" '■"'<s $12,50.
Real Persian Fur and Electric Seal jg<^\
Collarettes, with tabs and tails, $^0^Z?&
elegant style. Special for w^»^^^
China Sea! Fur Cape, 16 in. deep, 110- ' J^^^^^^.-
inch sweep, fine lining. Special for J^r^^AML !
$13.50.. ■'! IM^
Near-Seal Fur jackets, elegant as the •' ■'*?&!&& -V\
real seal and wear better. Special for fiMl rv wi
$35.00. "W J: ' Jt
TAIIQIUiUBE DRESSES— LATEST STYLES.
HOME-SPUN CLOTH DRESSIS— AII wool, blacks, blues, browns and
grays, Jacket silk lined, new cut skirts. A tailor would m a £ flfl
charge you for this dress $25 00. Our price. iplO
ELEGANT TAILOR-MADE DRESSES— The newest cuts, finest all-wool
camels' hairs and lady's cloths, all colors, entirely lined throughout
with silk taffeta lining. A tailor would charge you <J>Q£r flfl
$45.00 for such a dress. Our price ............ .. ' <P^O #UU
SOCIETY
they announce that contributons will be
received at the maple room between the
hours of 10 and ion Monday and Tuesday, '
November 6 and 7, a day being allowed
for tho arrangement of the show before it I
opens on Thursday.
The dates for the meeting of the new' ,
cotillon club, La Jeunesse, are October 27,
December 1, December 29, January 26, 1900, :
and February 23.
The housewarmlng of the Town and]
Gown Club's new quarters on Dwight ! .
way, Berkeley, was held last Saturday a | '
week ago. The decorations of the rooms j !
were pretty and artistic and the many i
guests were received by Mrs. Charles ;
Palmer, president of the club; Mrs. Ben- ' '
jamin Ide Wheeler and Mrs. W. B. Ris
ing. Light refreshments were served and i i
an enjoyable afternoon was passed.
Wedding Bells,
There were three out of town weddings <
on Wednesday which were of interest to '
San Francisco. At San Rafael Miss Sallle
Huie and William R. Thompson were wed
ded at noon, and there also Miss Caroline
Bofqul and George W. Borrowe were,
united in wedlock, while at Stockton Miss
Alice Thompson and Richard C. Minor j
were the high contracting parties. i
A very pretty wedding ceremony took j
place last Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock I
at the Devisadero-street residence of the j
Rev. Dr. Adams of the t -st Congrega- I
tional Church. The contracting parties
were W. I . Holmes of San Jose and Miss
Josie M. Clarke of San Francisco, Miss
Iva Sharp acting as maid of honor. Mr.
Holmes Is a young man of sterling quali
ties and an active business man of San
Jose. The bride Is the youngest daughter
of the late W. J. Clarke of Auburn, who
was a wealthy and influential business
man of that city. After the marriage cer
emony the happy couple departed on the
6:30 o clock train for their beautiful home
in San Jose, where a wedding supper
awaited them. i •
Miss Mac V. Myers and. Newton C.LJns
ley we're married -Monday, Octpber 16, by
i the Rev. Father Prendergast of St. Mary's
Cathedral. Only the immediate friends
witnessed- the ceremony. The bride is a
daughter of Mrs. Mary B. Myers and is a
native daughter of California. She has a
wide circle of friends and is loved by all
who know her. Mr. Llnsley Is a son of
Colont-1 N. £. and Mrs. Linsley of Spok
ane. Wash. He is employed at the Zeno
Mauvais music house in this city. Mr.
Linsley is well known In musical circles.
; Mr. and Mrs. Linsley will reside in this
I city.
i At St. Paul's Church. Rev. W. M. Reilly
rector, officiating, George Horton Francis
and Miss Madgf Elizabeth Poppenbergor
were married Thursday afternoon in the
presence of their respective families and
! a number of Intimate friends. The bride,
! only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Poppen
berger of Sutter County, a young woman
of unusual beauty and highly accom
plished, has a wide circle of acquaintances
lin this city, She attended the Castellfcja j
I School at Palo Alto, and later became a
i student at Miss Head's, In Berkeley. The
i groom, a graduate from Stanford, was one
| of the most popular men in the class of
'fcS. Ing a member of Delta Tan Deita |
fraternity, and of the class societies
Snake and Key. Sigma Sigma. Theta Nu '
Epsilon, Plin Upsilon and the dramatic '
club Sword and Sandals. He is the oon
of George M. Francis, editor of the Napa
' Daily Register, who is well known
j throughout the State in Republican poli
! tics, and is associated with his father in
I the newspaper business in Napa, where
j He and his bride will make their future
home.
They're Engaged
Mr. and ilrs.J. Bchnitzer announce the
gement of thoir daughter Sarah tc
Louis Friedman of this i
will take place on Sunday. Novembi
at 1507 Golden Gate avenue, between the
hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Day announce
the engagement of their daughter Eliza- j
■ Thomas S. Hall.
From Oakland has come the news nf
Miss Mala Tucker's engagement to A. F.
Macdonald. Th< g will take place
in the near future and it goes without
saying that it will be a brilliant function, j
meantime the young couple are the .
recipients of hearty congratulations; en
• ts without number nave been!
. In their honor by the numerous
Is they have on both sides of the
bay.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert A. Harris of 1156
<la kland, announce the
t of their daughter Mabel to
ter Shanklin of 1000 Madison
■ Oakland. Miss Harris, who is a
favorite in Oakland society circles.
lovely girl, a brunette, and is possessed of
a charming manner and disposition. Mr.
Shanklin is the only Bon of ex-Surveyor
a] Shanklin. long a widely known
and i- it of Oakland. Ed
win Shanklin. who is a rising young min
ing ci - ; ved his education at the
University of California and is well versed
in his profession. The marriage of I
popular young people is set for October 25
The engagement is announced of Eva
M. Dold. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H J
Brand, to Ivan yon Mitrovich of Odessa.
i_ The wedding will take place in :
Odessa **arly in November.
Ip T. Fisher announces the engage- :
ment of his daughter Ida to Alfred E '•
They will be at home to their '
friends on Sunday, October 22, and Thurs
• r 26.
Mrs. Bertha Constine announces the en
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
gagement of her daughter Pauline to
Otto Joel. They will be pleased to re
ceive their friends Sunday, November 5,
from 2 to 5 p. m. at 152S Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Schnltzer announce the
engagement of their daughter Sarah to
Louis Friedman of this city. The recep
tion will take place on Sunday, November
12, at 1507 Golden Gate avenue, between
the hours of 2 and 5 p. m.
lr> tl?e Future.
The Nevadans will give their fourth
party In Union-square Hall, Post street,
on Tuesday evening, the 24th inst.
Invitations are out for a grand compli
mentary military ball under the auspices
of Company D, First Regiment, League
of the Cross Cadets, at N. S. G. W. Hail,
Mason street, Friday evening, November i
IT. The event will be high-class in every i
particular, and this (the trophy; company
will on this occasion maintain its usual ;
high standard In the entertainment of its I
many guests.
A private masquerade was given last j
Saturday evening at the Evans Dancing i
School, 1223 Golden Gate avenue. It was i
well attended and quite a success. The I
hall was prettily decorated in greens and |
hunting. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. w. D. Evans, Leslie I. ;
Cog-gins, Miss Keating, George Evans,
Mr. "Wallace. Douglas Evans, Mrs. Bessie
Generau, Frank Sexton, Miss Lillian Gen- j
erau and Miss Alice Eichbaum. Tho:-<=> in
costume were: Misses Belle Evans,
Winter; Etta Bourne. Summer; Myrtle ;
LHb. Fancy; Ethel Lelb, Liberty; Evelyn
Kelly, Summer Girl; Annie Sammon. \
Sailor Girl; Esther Tuggy. Japanese:
Phoebe "Wilson. Red Riding Hood; Mrs.
Arenanda, Diana; Messrs Aubrey Lelb,
domino; George Knaus, Fancy; Ben j
Townsend. Diana; William Jennings
Geddes, Turk; Alfred Becher. policeman; !
Joseph Brokenshire, yachtsman; Bos- j
worth Eichbaum, domino; Captain Tom i
Low. Diana. Undoubtedly the success of
the evening was Alfred Becher, whose
character as a policeman waa well taken, i
Mrs. W. f-f H Thomas Jr.,
Captain Tom Low also was a sue
Diana.
:ty-nimh anni\ '1 of
the St. Paulus L'nterstutaungs V^erein will
be held ai Baratoga Hall on Tuesday
evening-, October 24 I"-:' I.'.1 .'.
The d'Accord Club will open its si
n with ;t "hop" at Century Hall on
Thursday, I ■
The Pleasure Seekers held their fifth
party at Techau Hall on Thursday even
ing. The affair was a grand success and.
as usual, was tai . • .
march was led by Miss Emily Anita
Che. • ir. L. Detjen. It was an
nounced that their next party would be
a private masq 11 at Saratoga
Hall ". ■ ; . ■.- evening, Novembi
On Tuesday evening next a farewell
rt will be tendered Cantor M
Bon prior to his departure for Chi<
Cantor Meyerson, who has been with us
many years, is a graduate of the
Paris Conservatory of Music and Is p > ■-
1 of a most excellent and well
trained tenor voice. He is. in addition, an
■■ musician and the concert was
decided upon as the most appropriate
method of show |
which his friends consider is due him.
The programme is appropriate and very
well selected and his many friends will
gather on Tuesday evening next to hear
him and prevail upon him if possible to
return to this coast as speedily as pos
sible.
The wedding ceremony of Miss Mary
GEN, CHARLES KINO'S THRILLING STORY
"Found frj the •ph^Tppin^s"
WILL COMMENCE EN TIME SUNDAY CALL OF NOVEMBER 5, c 899.
McLane and Warren Olney Jr. will take
place In the parlors of the The H
Seminary, Oakland, next Tuesday evening.
The father of the bride, Rev. J. K. D4c
; Lean, officiating. Miss Mary Olncy will
! be maid of honor ard the groom will have
i the support of his friend Beard as best
I man.
i The wedding of Miss Elsie S. Hecht and
i Irving J. Well will take place at the
: home of the bride's mother, Mrs. Isaac
Hecht, 1998 Jackson at noon on
i Wednesday. November l">.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Morgan have ln
i vlted a number of quests to an elaborate
! dinner which they will give at their homo
j;l Clay street on Monday evening,
! October 23.
; On Friday evening. October 27, Company
L "1" the First Regiment, League of the
! Cross ("ad'Hs, will hold an Interesting en
tertainment consisting of an exhibition
of stereoptlcon views at Mission )
Hall, Seventeenth street, near Valencia.
Among the features of the evening will
be a lecture by lieutenant Richard J.
> Dowdall, First California Regiment.
| United States Volunteers, embracing the.
entire career of Ms regiment, and illus-
I trated by Illuminated views. .
A meeting to discuss the advantages
and mutual benefits of a State federation
j of the women's clubs of California will
j be held at Laurel Hair eluhrooms. lfi2o
i California street, November 1, at 2:30
ip. m. The president and executive board
of every town or country club north of
; Fresno and of the clubs of San Francisco,
Oakland. Berkeley and Alameda are in
vited to attend.
Quite an event at the Mission will be the
"CarniVal of the Stars and Stripes,"
i which will be hold at the Emmanuel Bap
i tlst Church on Wednesday. Thursday and
! Friday of this week. This affair is under
i the auspices of the Ladies' Aid Society
! and under the management of Mrs. R. W .
I Moore. The decorations and booths will
be of a patriotic character, and a Dewey
dinner will be served every day from 6:30
till 7:30 o'clock. The following named la
dles will have charge of the different
booth*: Fancy booth— Mrs. J. A. Under
bill and Mrs. G. E. Berry. Household—
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
" And all other facial blemishes are removed by
I)R. and MRS. A. •W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
i building. 1170 Market St., cor. Taylor, .roomi
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
! scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours, 1 to 4
p. m.
See what the world' greatest serpentine
dancer.
LOIE FULLER, ;
Says about the skin food and tissue builder.
Brahman .- ■■■ -
TOILET CREAM. ] f^^^
"1 certainly can rec- '
' ommend your delightful iulS^V. Aff
! Brahman Toilet Cream VS« tIBBi,
1 as one of the best things v mUB T?i(|
for Its purpose I . have . iV« ,4 "rQt^lf
Autograph letter can ■ pyj^fcj^^K?^
be enen at offlro of <*.V vCfrElfcs jpftfi}-' '. 7* .
la. W. TRAVERSE. M.D. - '-i-^^i^^»>i fiJ •
Mrs. A. Spaulding, Mrs. W. Snueller and
Mrs. N. Davidson. Apron— Mrs. E. Ken
nedy and Mrs. J. D Thomson. Floral-
Mrs. A. T. Shaw. Candy— Mrs. Craig.
Lemonade— Misa E. Welsh and Miss Le
nore Worth. Ice cream— Mrs. T. Berry
and Mrs. Murtz. Fancy intermediates-
Miss Grace Felker. Juniors— Mrs. Clark
and Miss Algren. Rendezvous of the vol
unteers—Mrs. McClunie and W. Clark,
Miscellaneous— Rev. J. G. Gibson and W.
Dorr. A fine programme will be rendered
each evening.
Home Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert F. Mann gave a j
lunch in their home in Alameda on Tues- j
day. October 10, in honor of Mme. Helen
Modjeska and her husband, Count Bo- j
zer.ta. The rooms were tastefully dec
orated with flowers and an enjoyable
afternoon was spent.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Lacroix on last San
day evening gave a dinner party to Mr.
and Mrs. Eusebe Lille, recentl> married
in this city, in honor of their return from
a wedding trip in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains. The occasion was a memorable one
for all who were present on account of
the many pleasant features. The floral
decorations were rare and costly and the
menu was an unusually choice one. There
were toasts and responses, speech-mak
ing, merrymaking, music and dancing. J.
J. Applegate, an old friend of the Lille
family, on behalf of the host and hostess
welcomed the newly married couple and
the guests In a neat speech. Those who
made up the party were: Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Lille, Mr. and Mrs. O. Fouchy,
Mr. and Mrs. E Girard, Mr. and Mrs.
c Lille. Mr. and Mrs. P. Callahan,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Morien, Mr. and Mrs. j
Lacroix. Miss lima Lille. Louis Lille, I
Eugene Pierret. S. Lalanne, F. Lalanne i
and J. J. Applegate.
A reception was tendered to Abe Ososke,
a California volunteer regular of Com- j
pany M. Eighteenth United States In
fantry, last Sunday evening by his j
parents, Mr. and Mrs. I. Ososke, In honor
Los Angeles.
of his return from Hollo. Philippine Is- I
Sixty people were the guests of
th< evening. The evening was spent in
ig. dancing, games and a Cakewalk.
which all adjourned to the dining
room, where refreshments were served.
On the afternoon of October 5 a very
enjoyable birthday party was tendered to
Miss Gertrude C. Thomas, the occasion!
being the thirteenth anniversary of ncr i
birth. The afternoon was passed pleas
antly in games, books, etc. Afterward
the young folks assembled in the. dining- |
room, where they sat down to a tempt-
Ing repast. Among the invited guests
were the following: Miss, Claire I'nx,
Miss Edna Dale, Miss Male; Parkin, Miss
Dovie Dahl, Miss Edith Langlois, Miss
Gertrude Thomas, Miss Bessie- Dahl, Misa
Artie Waiters, Miss Alice Ferguson. Miss
Genevieye Scott, Miss Celie Manton, Miss
glOis, Miss Laura Bennett, Miss
Laura Ferguson, Mirs Kittle Brannagah.
Miss Mabefie Thomas, Miss May Scott and
others.
A far-well party was tendered to Miss
Miss F.mma Gill previous
to her departure for Honolulu. The prin- :
cipal feature f the evening was a cake
walk by Miss Ethel Morlssey and M.
Troust.
The Misses Morrison of San Jose enter
tained a number of friends during *ho
week at their home, on the corner of;
Fifth and Julian 3treets. Among the num
ber were; Judpe C. B. Bellinger, Miss
ger and Mrs. Lawrence Knapp of 1
.Portland, Or.: Judge W. B. Gilbert. S. C.
hton. Judge C H Banford and Ned
1 Sanford of Seattle, Wash.
yesterday a must enjoyable tea was
given ai the h me of General Shatter, at
Fori Mason. Mis. McKittrlck, General
Shaftei ter, made a most chafm
■ tess.
Master Forrest I^eek was given a rr.usl
on last Friday evening ;u hi.s home, I
: 247 I tinton purk. the occasion being h!s
eleventh birthday. Among those present
were: Misses Enid Leek. Alm;i Schad,
Hon ■ -• Bray, Minnie Fink. iJillie Fink.
Ethel Clark, Irene Clark, Cora Pommy.
Maggie Graham, Chrissie Thomson. Plor
ii']:. Ella Murphy, Myrtle Dalgllsh,
Hazel Schad, I •> -■. rl Samuels, Ethel Som
mers, Mildred Samueis, Isabel Peterson,
Madeline Bucklpy. Rita Maundrell. Mamie
Kfough. Bdle McParland and Mary Hous
ton; Mastera b'orrest Leek, Earle Schad,
1 ' ODea, Milton Clack. Hugh Huus
j ton, Frank Buckley. Robert Peterson.
lliißh Bray, Arthur Samuels, George
Maundrell, Proctor Scott , Rpby Bray,
\ Veronl Dalfrlifh. Fred Buckley. Harold
i Maundrell and John Bray; Mr. and Mrs.
Dr. I. G. Leek. Dr. Louis Lleb. Mrs. W. H.
Schad. Mrs. J. Graham, Mrs. S. H. Crom
well. Dr. and Mrs. J. J. Leok, Mrs. M.
ODea and Dr. and Mrs. Fischer.
j A surprise party was given to Mrs.
Mearna at her daughter's home, on
: Wednesday evening. October 18, in honor
!of her eightieth birthday. The venerable
1 lady was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, on
October 19. I*ll. ,-md arrived In San Fran
oi:-'-o on July 2i. 18S6, with her grandson,
Thotnaa M. Millar, who is now in the
meat business in this city. The following
guests marched to the house in a body to
I the strains of 'The Campbell's Are Cotn
ling": Mr. and Mrs. Thomas M. Millar.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Bowman, Eliza
i Bowman. Mr. nnd Mrs. Dalton and Miss
| Dalton, Mr. and Mrs. H. V Williston, Mr.
: and Mrs. George W. Filbert. Mr. and Mrs.
George Drane. Mr. and Mrs. Bpence, Mrs.
j Bethel). Mrs. Yniliam Mitchell. Miss Lot
! tie Besohfirman, Miss Jennie Scouler. W'ill
| iam Bress. E. Stevenson and Robert
I Scouler. After supper dancing was en
pagfd in until the email hours In the
morning.
Sailed Away.
The following sailed for Honolulu on the
Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Australia on Wednesday, October 18: C.
Alberti. Sisrnor Algrettl, A. Allison, F. J.
Amweg, wife and son; Miss B. E. Amweg,
Miss Grace Alwood. Miss Nellie AndrewH,
Miss Grace Bell, N. W. Bernard and wife,
George H. Best. Mrs. A. C. Blossom, L.
C. Blossom, wife and son; Mra. Dr. L.
Bowman, Alan Brotherhood, Mrs. J. G.
Bryne, Miss Annie Cook, Miss N. Cook,
J. H. Cummings, wife and child; H. Dlck
erman. Miss M. F. Dreyfus. G. B. Duncan
and -wife, Miss Alice Evans, Mrs. 1,. 3.
Fascr, Miss Lulu Fields, Miss Blanche
Gale, W. F. Glover, Mrs. J. H. Godfrey
and infant. Miss Katherine Goodrich, J.
Hansman and wife, Henry Hallarn, C. D
Hazplrigg, John Henderson, William
Holden, Miss Daisy Howard, Alex Joel,
C. Kaiser. Arthur Kellum, George Kun
kel, John Lawton, Miss Maud Leckley.
Miss Aimee Leicester, E. Lindsly, E. H.
Litchfield Jr., G. Livingston. F. H.
Loucks, Mrs. L. P. Mclntyre, Miss Cath
erine McNeil!. Mrs. E. G. Mansfield, Cal
Melvin, Frank Maslin, F. E. Nichols, J.
H. Niessen, Miss Oakley, A. L. Parmley,
Miss J. 11. Parsons, Mrs. E. W. Peterson
and child, R. C. X. Peterson, Mrs. H.
Powell and child, 'Mrs. R. Pratt and two
children, Miss Marion Rae, Miss L. M.
Rankin, Lovette Rockwell. Eugene Rog
ers, B. F. Savior, Charles Schlesinger,
Mrs. M. M. Scott, Miss J. G. Shearer, Sid
ney Spitzer, Miss Josephine Stanton, Miss
N. Stevens, Mrs. A. Sullivan, Colonel W.
A. Thompson and wife. Mrs. Ulrich
Thompson, Miss Julia Thorpe, W. B.
Townsend. Charles Van Dyne, Miss Cleo
Vernon. C. yon Hamm and wife, C. F.
Wall and valet, Mrs. H. Wallace, Miss C.
Walpert, Dr. H. C. Watt, Q. P. Wilcox.
S. W. Wilcox and wife, E. S. Willard, M.
J. Weaver, C. M. Yerkes, Alex Young and
wife, Miss Young, Miss May Young.
Club Parties.
The Elite Outing Club of San Francisco
gave its opening high jinks of the season
on October 12. A good time was enjoyed
by all. Music was furnished by Gable's
band. Those present were: L. Healy. E.
Stien, W. Wilgus, George Ohnimus, M.
Buckley, H. Dwyer, W. Selhorn, C. Young,
J. Dalmas. F. Ficket, H. Gable, J. McDon
ald, J. Sullivan, H. Baker, H. Dalmas, L.
S. Hurd, R. J. Duggan, D. Walsh, L. The
lus, A. Higgans, G. Chase, L. Vogul, N.
Holtz, H. Auger.
One of the most successful and enjoy
able gatherings of the past week was the
opening of the tenth season of the Kntre
Nous Cotillon Club at the Palace Hotel
Friday evening. October 13. The attend
ance was large, and the gowns worn were
particularly attractive. The germ an was
led by Sanford G. Lewald, with Miss
Marie Louise Heppner as his partner. Mr.
I.ewald introduced six pretty and original
figures, as follows: "Flags of all na
tions," "Entre Nous," "Japanese." "Paris
ian," "Basket," "Eccentric Circles" and
■•Serpentine." The following ladies and
gentlemen were in the first set: Misses
Louise Heppner, Martha Korbel, Doris
Heuer, Mabel Phillips, Katherine Games.
Isabel Hemenway, Kate Byington. Mac
Ludlow, Lillian Lubben. Clara Campe,
Mac Nolan. Winifred Stateler, Clara Ey
ingrton, Sadie Ludlow, Alice L. Dunne,
Lulu Bcrgez, Irene Danforth. Alice
Marchebout; Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Stateler,
Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Platt; Messrs.
Herman H. Herzer, D. T. Berry, Merrltt j
D. Robison, James T. Ludlow, William F.
Hooke, Byron D. Bent, Wallace Alexan
der, Clarence Musto, Robert Haitjhr, Dave
Wise. Dr. William C. Hopper, Gred Green
lee, George Hendry, Dr. Edward Keefe,
Vincent O'Xeil.
Club Freundehaft tendered an engage
ment surprise party to John yon Husen
and Miss Gesnie Ehlers on Thursday
evening. October 19. Those present were:
Hermann Schult, Theodore Gathe, Frieda
Mingst, M4llie Mingst. John Brutt. Carl
Peters, Henry Frobose, Emma Ehlers,
Anna Schumacher. John yon Husen,
Gesnie Ehlers, Meta yon Husen, Lena
Hennlner. Fred Hennlng. Maria Hart
mann, Mr. and Mrs. Ehlers, Mr. and .Mrs.
Wohler, Mr. and Mrs. Frische. Henry j
Frische, William Ltltgens, Hermann
Schlichtlng, Minna Vossbrlnk, Gf-snle i
Frischf, Frieda Meyer, Dick Schween,
Dora Schneider. Frieda Mahler, William ]
Ehlers, Maria Hogrefe, .Minna Johanns.
Maria Bobohm, Ernest Tietje, Otto yon
Borstel, Henry Burmester, William
Mingst, John Gathe and Fred Bode.
Dancing w-as enjoyed until a late hour.
The Deux Temps Club gave a very en
joyable danqe last Friday evening at
Golden Gate Hall. The march was led
by Al Schoenfeld and Miss Lottie I'lman.
The floor manager was Ed Getz and the
assistant Al Schoenfeld.
The Tuesday Night Club held its eighth
gernian in Cotillon Hall, Polk street, on
October 17. Two pretty ti^-ures of the
german were led hy C. W. Iverson. assist
ed by A. S. Sissner and Miss F. Rosseau.
The hall was handsomely decorated and
a large gathering was presenc.
Personals.
Mrs. Sol Gefz of 507 Devisadero street
will receive her friends on the last Thurs
day of each month.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Parks of I'M
Fulton street left Thursday evening for
an extended Eastern trip and will return
In about eight weeks.
Mrs. Martha C. Gibney of Alameda left
last night for New York City to spend
the winter with her daughter. Miss Mat
tie Gibney, who is attending the Con
servatory of Music there. She will spend
in xt week in Chicago as the guest of her
daughter, Miss Avis Gibney, who left Cal
ifornia last April.
Mrs. Charles Hall, mother of George E.
P. Hall, Turkish Consul, is making a stay
of some weeks with Mrs. C. T. Yerkos
;u her Fifth avenue home in New York
Sirs. John Sullivan and daughter. Miss
Josephine, of Marysville, are guests of
Mrs. J. J. Kenny of 410 Van Ness aye-
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Verrill Mighels,
son-in-law and daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
D. H. Haskell of San Francisco, have re
turned from th. Giants Causeway, Ire
land, t" their home in London.
Mrs. C. J. Behlow Jr. will he at home
:it I*-"" Octavia street on Wednesday, Oc
tober 25, prior to her departure for the
South.
Mrs. Sol Cameron of Rossland, B. C, is
visiting her Bisters, Mrs. H. ('. Ames and
Mrs P. A. Chesney. \v this city.
Mrs. Una Badt and Miss Beatrice Badt
will he home at 1307 Gough street the re
maining Tuesday? of October.
Miss Mould, r. In company with her sis
ter, Mr*. Covode. W-ft for the East on
Saturday last. sin- will spend the winter
in Washington, D. C. and New York.
Mrs Edward H. Kittredge and Misses
Ethel and Harriot Kittiedge have re
tunud to Oakland after passing several
months at their country home near Los
Gatos.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Carolan left
last Tuesday for Now York, where they
will join Mrs. James Carolan and Miss
Carolan. They will probably remain there
through the winter.
Mrs. 11. M. Newhall and George Aimer
Newhall will come up from Hurlingame
and occupy the family residence on Van
Ness avenue about the Ist of Novem
ber.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope w!il close
their Kurlinganie place on Monday, Oc
tober 23, and come to town for the win
ter.
Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin and Mrs. Paul
Jarboe arrived In New York on Satur
day, October 14.
Mrs. Henry Crocker will be at home
Fridays In November following the tea
which she will give on November 3.
The Crit Thornton residence on Pacific
avenue will be occupied by Judge and
Mrs. J. A. Cooper this winter and they
are already settled therein.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan are among
the recent arrivals in town for the win
ter.
Mrs. and Miss Kohl of San Mateo are
at the Palace for the season.
Mrs. M. J. Irvine and J. W. Byrne ar
rived in New York last week en route
home from Europe.
The Winthrop Lesters are back from
a prolonged visit abroad, Mrs. Lester
much improved in health.
Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Jacobs will leave on
a five weeks' trip for New York and other
Eastern cities Monday morning.
Daniel G. Coleman has returned to the
city after spending a couple of pleasant
weeks at Stockton and Sacramento.
Los Angeles.
Miss Helen Fatrchild, whose enguge
mpnt was recently announced, was the
guest of honor at a pink luncheon given
by Miss Kate Spense on Thursday. Be
sides the guests of honor and hostess
there were present Mmes. Jack Jevne,
Ezra T. Stimson, Richard Bundrum, J. U.
Norton. Arthur Braly, Charles Dick, John
T. Jones, P. Johnson, Misses I,ila Fair
child, Sada Johnson. Lena Johnson and
Elizabeth Shankland.
The Los Angeles School of Dramatic
Art, 526 South Spring street, opened its
fall term Thursday with an informal re
ception G. A. DobluHon, tho principal
was assisted in receiving by the corps of
teachers and his sister. Mrs. Blackm;in.
Mrs. J. Woosser gave a dancing party
Madame Neer K a»rd. pupil of St. Genual:,
•clentiflo p»lml«t; reading, by mall, «; offlci
hour. 1 to I j>. in. W* Geary «t., abov* Jone.;
clasEea.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
# t , , . .»««»■! i nm . « >«i...' * i . i . > ' • » a
| GOING TO DO ANY CARPETING? |
:: DON'T WAIT, i
o Other people will carry off the cream of the fall patterns. Bet- <►
<► ter come while you have the chance to make selections from the ♦
pick of the newest goods. v - . «>
«' '.\ Ask to see the 1 Punjab" mattings, 35 cents, a yard wide <►
. t"" /ART CARPET TTf 240 Thread Mattings 24c . ♦
***&*& . **" Jf^^^f OHHATE STYLES. <►
CtS^CSf^ Heavy Government ];
j| DECORATIVE Mattings 1 5c ;:
A V^^7 _fl_^^l Heavy Cashmere t
jTjlr (rlr Carpets, all wool, I
vl 1 formerly 85c . . . 60c ♦
1/ ssfsl Is Japanese Rugs, OH- * ♦
si A^«^ ILIjF entaS styles, 40c to $15 • ;;..
Sdt^T II 1$ DECORATIVE ART :
|KUGS^|| fil BURLAPS .... 18c :
If ll^ TIiEBE GOODS ABE UI3ITE roa DRAPERIES. ♦
Lfi_l % r_^ ™ s sale is fo^ ♦
WM H i ' W ..Positively Two "' Days.*' :
FbuLp^ If TUESDAY. . :
BURU CatInos TUESDAY. |
P|. MATTINGS | ; t>
miMiiiwi ii Aiibii ii fn urn mi Walk in and look ♦
at>tt afa dot* f*r\ around. NoonewJll ♦
AKI CARFbI UJ-, askyou to p rchase . t
228 Powell Street, * X
Friday evening In honor of the seven
teenth birthday anniversary of her son,
John C. Bloesser. The, Misses Minnie Re
hart and Mary Layne assisted in receiv
ing, and the guests were Misses Mercedes
de Luna, Leola Allen, Una Johnson,
Edith Campbell, Edna Waterman. Mar
iam Steele, Florence Drain, Nona Taylor,
Edna Fraser, Hazel French, Anita Wade,
Helen McDowell, Callie Koster, Marguer
ite Rice. Maud Herbert. Messrs. Bruce
Hatch, Claire Morris. Bert Campbell, Paul
Crippen. Joe Bernard, Hamilton Fay,
David White, Charles Hopper, Vance
Helm, George Rice, Donald McCartney,
George Graham, Rowe Sanderson, Dave
Hoi ton, Harold Barham, Frank Gilellen.
George McLain, Richard Heiman and Ed
Beeson.
Dr. George W. Lasher was the guest
of honor at a -Spanish dinner given by
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Eckley on Thursday
evening. The other gues.ts were Mm.-.-,
Rose Phillips, Elvira Knowles. C. Spense,
Misses Fannie Knowles, Viola Lane, Dr.
E. Pallett, Dr. Quint and Rollle Gardner.
Mrs. Thomas S. Ewing entertained with
a progressive enchre party Wednesday
afternoon at her home in South Flower
street. She was assisted in receiving by
Mines E. S. Rowley, C. C. Parker, Rich
ard Mercer. W. M. Sheldon and the Misses
Randall. The guests were Mmes. L. p.
Sale. C. T. Parsons, Q. A. Davidson, E. L.
Davis, George Hutton, H. C. Veazie, C.
M. Flint. H. T. Newell,' F. Phillips, L.
Black. W. G. Hunt, R. Mercer, E. S.
Powley, J. H. Call, W. M. Sheldon. O. A.
Vickery, C C. Parker, M. J. Behallert,
John Brown, M. N. Avery, H. Johnson.
S. Goodenow, H. Albers, M. Danskin,
George Steckel. W. F. West. F. L. Moore,
S W. Garretson, E." Randall, Misses
Mavbelle Randall, Mary Doran, Es
ther Jepson, Agnes Phillips, Jessie M.
Brandt, Daisy Randall, Maude Newell.
Mabel Luitweiler, Agnes Wilson, Mildred
Glass. Ivy Schroder, Catherine Alters,
Jeanette Glass, Edna Bicknell. Mabel
Clute and Hilda Erode.
Mrs. H. A. Getz gave a children s part"
on Monday in honor of the eleventh birth
day of her little daughter Ethel. About
twenty-five children were present.
About 150 persons attended the progres
Bive whist party fjiven at Kramer s Hah
on Monday evening for the benefit of the
Free Kindergarten. , •
Mrs W. J. Hunsaker was the hostess
at a eucher party given at her home on
Union avenue on Tuesday afternoon. The
house was elaborately decorated with
chrysanthemums, cosmos and ferns and
presented a beautiful appearance. The
guests were: Mmes. Olin Wellborn, A.
J. Salisbury. O. P. Posey. C. C. Parker,
Clifford Page, I. O. Smith. J. M. Miller,
Charles Wellborn, Ferd R. Rule, H. M.
Sale. J. H. Braly, O. A. Vickery. Bon
Goodrich, S. White. I. H. Call. P. Silver
wood. C. A. Hartfield. Homer Laughha,
A Darling, J. J. Anderson, John WoK
skill W. T. Botsford, C. N. Sterrv,
Charles McFarland. W. Bradley, J. C..
Brown. S. A. Van Giessen, W. M. Jack,
S J. Lashbrooke. A. M. Strong, E. S.
Rowley, W. B. Brayton, L. W. Stock
well. S. K. Lindley, H. Gray, W. H.
Averv. v Sheward, T. E. Metcalf, G.
Sanborn, William Hook, G. Cockran, J.
H. Davlsson. P. Houghton, C. Gray, A.
Pratt W. D. Wool wine, B. Chandler,
Williamson. R. J. Waters, A. Douglas,
C McCrutchon, H. Chapman, H. Ross
and Miss Alice Randall.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Kutz held a recep
tion Tuesday evening complimentary to
Sergeant W. H. Phelon, who recently re
turned from the Philippines with Battery
D.
Mrs. F. W. Thompson entertained at
cards Monday evening in honor of Mr.
Thompson's birthday anniversary. The
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. William Win
cup, Mr. and Mrs. F. CorbelW Mr. and
Mrs. Charles White, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Boynton, Mr. and Mrs. William Bedel!.
Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Collins, the Misses
Bedell. Asbury, Kent and C. E. Smith.
Miss Mary Van Buren of the Frawley
Company was the guest of honor at a
supper party on Thursday evening give:)
by Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon Borden at their
home on South Flower street. Other
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. R. IT. Hay
Chapman, Mrs. Halnes, Miss Cahart
G. A. Dobinson. W. S. Burnette and
Frank Mathieu of the Frawley Company
Miss 7-anita Pnrry entertained the mem
bers of the Benior B class at Roselawn
Villa on South Main street on Saturday
evening. Dancing and games entertained
the guests and refreshments were served
About twenty-five guests were present
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Hamlin, who have
been sojourning at Coronado for the past
two months, have returned to Los An
geles.
General and Mrs. L. J. Butler are In
Lop Angeles for the winter.
The marriage of Miss Emma Graves.
daughter of Dr. W. L. Graves, to William
btmng will take place November 1
Mrs. Edwin Markham and little son,
who have been visiting relatives in this
city left for their home in the East.
Misa Helen Fairchild was the guest .of
honor at a matinee party given by the
Misses Henrietta and Alvina Janss at Mo
rosco's Burbank Theater on Saturday.
Mrs L. H. Hamlin of Mississippi is vis
iting her brother, M. H.* Harris.
Dr. J. Hamilton Thurston has returned
Never More — Never Less. Any style — the
most elaborate or the very simplest. Twenty-
. seven hairdressers employed — all experts.
Face massage by a celebrated
massageur. One visit will show
you why Lederer's is so popular.
Ci I FDFRFR 123 Stockton Street,
VJ. ■»*--* ■'* *--' 1— 1 " — IV* Opposite City of Paris.
.■■ . ■ ■
from Europe, where he made a prolonged
visit.
Frank Thomas, who has been visiting
his parents, Colonel and Mrs. W, H. 117
Thomas of De So to, Mo., for the past
three months, has returned to this city.
Motley 11. Flint has returned from San
Francisco, where he attended the Masonia
convention.
Charles O. Goodwin has returned from a.
of several weeks in the East.
Supervisor A. E. Davis has returned.'
from a six weeks' pleasure trip, which ha
spent in visiting Eastern cities.
Mr. and Mrs. W. 11. Smith have gone tdj
Chicago, where Mr. Smith will attend a
meeting of street railway company man
agers.
I'.ishop Montgomery has returned from
the north, where he went on a lectura
tour.
Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Follmer have gone
East for an extended visit to relatives in
Chicago and Washington, D. C.
J' hn Reardon has been appointed trav
eling auditor for the Santa Fe and has
gone to San Francisco to reside, as his
headquarters are in that city.
Mr.-. J. A. Osgood, who has been visit
ing her old home in Boston for several
months, has returned to her home in this
city.
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Pendall have re
turned from Glen Ivy.
Miss Nellie Powers of Pasadena has
gone to Manila, where she will be married
to J. E. Wilson of the regular army.
At the Resorts.
The following guests have registered
here during the past week: Captain M.
Aalt and wife, G. W. Price, Emil Hensch
feld, W. T. Dickey, Reinhard Ennis. H.
L. Dodge and wife, Mrs. M. Solomon,
George Somerset, Andy Borgeson, W. A.
Smith, Mrs. Rudolph Levi, I. N. Jacoby,
George L. Farrell. W. Meagher, W. G.
de Lucca. H. Smith. Mrs. J. Blumenthal,
T. Knitson and wife, John Peterson, San
Framisco; F. C. Hampel, Mrs. H. Tay
lor. Thomas Evans, W. Nurkalls, Oak
land; John A. Fraser. Pinole; Miss Craw
ford. P". Crawford, Vallejo; J. Mills, Som
erville; Lawrence Streitz, Berlin. Ger
many; Miss Rose Lieber, Brentwood;
Harry Stelitz, New York; John Fay,
M. Finnopan, Truckee; R. Parker Van
couver; Miss Marge Hoult, Stockton: H.
Pamperin, Tellunde, Mont.; Michael Fen
ton, Rodeo; A. B. Wood, Fresno; E. R.
Ennis, Manila, P. I.; H. J. Nelson, Con
cord: Mrs. J. A. Grlnees, Sacramento; A.
F. Fay, A. C. Maude, Bakersfleld; F. B.
Knowiton, J. L. Depauli, Kern City; A.
Baker, Eureka.
Gray
Hair
Restored *
without
the use of a dye, and without
the slightest inconvenience.
Wppk
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S puVcha"e Wb »
LATFST FORTRAIT bottle of Mm.
;■ 1 Nettle
i Harrison's 4-day Hair Restorer a Single
[ treatment will be given FREE. One treat-
ment Is sufficient to give the hair its nat-
ural color.
; 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
is not a dye, leaves no sediment or sticki-
ness, and can be used without fear of
after effects. It is cleanly to use and re-
-1 stores gray or faded hair to Its natural
1 color and gives It the brilliancy and luster
i of youth. One dollar a bottle.
! LOLA MONTEZ CREME ftdTSi* 1 "
i builder and beautifler. My own clear
i complexion and healthy skin la due to lt«
, use. 75 cents.
FREE TRIAL POT.
> Ladles out of town sending this ad and
i 10c In stamps will receive my book of mi-
i structions and a trial pot of Lola Montez
Creme and a box of face powder free.
,"; SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
i Permanently destroyed by the Electrio
i ;; -, Needle as operated by ma.
I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
> DERMATOLOGIST,
| 40-42 Geery 6t. San Francisco.r ADVERTISEMENTS.
>
GOLDEN GATE
Cloak and Suit House, I
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
Unusual Opportunity !
NEWEST STYLES
OF
GOLF CAPES
WHOLESALE PRICES.
IMO LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S GOLF
CAPES will be offered at WHOLESALE
PRICKS: they are strictly Rret class, tailor
mad* ar.«i newest combinations. QUALITY
AND PRICES will speak for themselves.
Fee display In cur window.
$12.50,
ELEGANT QUALITY KERSEY JACKETS
s'.lk lined throughout. hi?h-olass tailoring
braided: gooA value at $1S 50; will be offered
at ■ $12 50
Samples of Tailor-Made Suits-
win offpr 45 * mplea at C 5 per cent lers thain
their r*sular price, being Manufacturers'
Samples: they are ail styiiah suits, well
mnile. rw?oct ntting-.
DRESS SKIRTS. ;
JCEW SILK AN!' CREPON DREPP SKIRTS In
large variety, tailor mad.', at popular
prices .<. 50 to .*-.'» OO
SILK WAISTS.
9ost arrived, newest stvl>s of FALL SILK
■waists, at $.% 00 $« 00 $7 so
They are perfect fitting ani pood values.
FEATHER BOAS, !
*C. ♦" U inches lone at
#7 80, $10 00. $12 50, 815 00, $20 OO
Golden Gale Cloak and Suit House, i
1230-1232-1234. Market St.
ROGERS SOUND GUILTY
A Jury Id Judge Dunne's Court Con
victs Him of Embezzlement.
Patrick P.ogers, charged with having
embezzled jr.Ort from the Pacific Coast Ma
rine Firemen's Union, was found guilty
as charged by a jury in Judge Dunne's
c mrr yesterday morning;.
Rogers was financial secretary of tho
■union an' 1 , was arrestcul with Bernard
■Ward, treasurer, and John Doug-herty,
manager, on a charge of having em
bezzled $17,000 of the union funds. Rogers
was first placed on trial, a specific theft
of $300 being the basis of the information
against him. After .1 trial lasting several
days the eav went. t<> t'n* jury Friday
afternoon. I-ate Friday Ei<?ht the jury
was looked up and deliberated all night
en the verdict, arriving at the conclusion
yesterday morning that the defendant
v.-as guilty. The jury was discharged and
1 llogery returned to jail.
"Keith's.'! ••Keith's." "Keith's."
We doir"t employ a brass band at
•'Keith's.'! We n't tai< your picture
ct two bits for five dozen. We could give
free soap, but do not; but we can and do
give you hotter millinery far your money
than any other store in the city. "Keith's. 1 '
EC'S haricot street. Phelnn building. •
A Pilfering Clerk.
S. J. Mars, a one-armed clerk employed
by H. R. Fee. a Stockton street trading
Ftamp merchant, was arrested by Police
mnti Walsh yesterday or. a charge of
frand larceny. Several articles bad been
missed and suspicion fell upon Mars. He
was watched yesterday morning, and
through a hole in the floor above he was
observed stealing a gold watch, which
■was fourd upon him. Hs confessed to
Ft^allr.n: several mandolins and watches.
and Dc-tecti'.-es Ryan and ODea went
■XsMth him to recover them.
SIO.OO
For the b*st flv»-lljie hrertlsement for Bald
win's Olery Soda, the nt?w headache remedy.
Competition pen to all. Limit. December 1.
Address I> try Dhj* Co., 8 Market street, San
Francisco.
I New Store! New Goods ! I
£ c
I . ~• | f I
« |
I w S * i
I c
I 1
«3 We respectfully invite the ladies of San Francisco ®
SJ and the interior to call and examine our magnificent q
© stock of «
s «
® BLACK DRESS GOODS. FANCY DRESS PLAIDS. q
£j TAILOR-MADE SUITS, TAILOR-MADE JACKETS. (5
i, LADIES' SILK WAISTS. LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, 6
ft? LADIES* WOOL WAISTS. LADIES' WOOL SKIRTS. ®
>|* LADIES' AXD MISSES' CORSETS. CHIFFON NECKWEAR, m
I- FEATHER boas, UMBRELLAS. lace NECKWEAR, . S
O DIES' GOLF CAPES, MISSES' GOLF CAPES. |
c S
Q . O
1 SPECIAL! i
• 2
• !
fc 1 100 CHILDREN'S JACKETS, value for 52; will be offered at S
% • 91.25 i
O 150 FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, value for $1; will be offered 5
9 at \ GOc . 5
«*> " «
*3 100 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, braided and trimmed with fur; •
€♦ value for $2; will be offered at $1.2.** €
& S
© IMPORTED CREPONS, 46 Inches wide, 10 different deslirns; will C
© be offered at 75c yard 9
<S> : : ; i
<;» SUITS MADE TO ORDER. Perfect fit guaranteed or no sale. 9
c 6
& ■ Q
© _|-|_ _ g
!J.O'BRIEN&CO.j
!148 Market Street, ..]
I
between Taylor and .Vinsoi. I
ELOPED NOT FOR LOVE
BUT TO BE REVENGED
Miss Marjorie Vinton of James
town, N, V., Arrested Here.
One of the Principals in a Sensational
Elopement With a Man Who Had Com
mitted Extensive Forgeries.
OICE of the- principals !n a .»eii"«a
tional elopement from Jamestown.
N. T., In May last, after the man In
the case had committed forgeries to
the extent of $10,000. was arrested
yesterday on the arrival of the steamer
'kong Mart] from Japan by Captain
Seymour. She Is Miss Marjorie Vlnton, a
PRINCIPALS OF SENSATIONAL ELOPEMENT FROM JAMESTOWN, N. T.
handsome blonde. 22 years of age. The
warrant from Jamestown, on which she
was arrested, charges her with criminally
receiving property of the value of
knowing the same, to have been stolen.
Griswold of Chaitauqua County,
New York, arrived in the city on Friday
to await the arrival of the as be
bad previously received Information i!i.;t
Vlnton was a passenger, and h» waa
on the di. k when Ca] mour made
She had reglsi n her ow n
name, and when the captain addn
she did not deny her Identity. She
was taken in a hack to the City Prison.
Last night she whs taken from th»
on and ostensibly started East, but
later quietly slipped back to the prison
and will be iakeu to New York this morn
ing.
Sh» eloped May S \ast from Jamestown
with Alba ML Kent Jr.. a member of the
firm of Kent & Co., wholesale fruit deal
era. Kent had only been marrl
s to a society bello. and b(
Vlnton was not Invited to the wed
ding she vowed to make the young wife
?uffer for the slight. Mips Vlnton taught
music and sang at society functions, as
she is possessed of a sweet soprano voice.
She lived with her aunt. Mrs. Wallbrldge,
who kept a select boarding-house.
She succeeded In carrying out her
threat and when th» couple disappeared
- discovered that Kent had obi
from the. Union Trust Company of Jameß
and from the Jamesto'w
tional Bank J |Y - | X». by means i • notes the
indorsements on which had been forged,
the names of Kent's uncle and father
having been used. The forgeries w»r«- kept
quiet for some time, as it was expected
that Kent's relatives, who are wealthy,
would make the amounts good. They paid
th<« $8000 to the bank, but refused to repay
the amount to the trust company, and the
company at once took isteps to arrest
tils photograph was published In
the '""hicasro petective and a reward of
1200 offered for his arrest. Ail the heads
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
of police In the different cities throughout
the country were notified to b© on the
lookout for him.
The movements of the eloping couple
were finally traced. After leaving James
town they went to British Columbia,
where they took a steamer to Japan. The
American Consul at Yokohama was com
municated with, and he ascertained that
a man and woman answering the de
• !ui>ing couple had arrived
by the Empress or India on July 23 from
Vancouver. They were traveling under
the name of Mr. ar.d Mrs. Mannering.
After a few days they went to Nikke. re
turning t<"> Yokohama after an absence of
twenty days. They remained till
Sept • • suspecting that their
- wr- being watched by the
>k a ticket to Kobe, hut
alighted at Gotemba, while Miss Vinton
left fur 'V'-'Uui and put up at the Hotel
Metropole.
Kent was arrested at a hotel at Shoji
after a hot pursuit by the police. He was
found In the reading-room of the. hotel,
and when the officers slinwi-d him the
warrant for his arrest he went to th^ wall
where bis ' % o;it wns hanging ami attempt
blow out his brains with a revolver
which was In his coat pocket. Th*> James
town authoritiea were notitied of his ar
rest, and <'hief of Police Frank A. John
son was detailed to go to Japan to bring
him bark. The I'hief passed through here
about ten days ago on his way to Yoko
hama.
Sheriff Griswold received a dispatch v>?.
terday from I'istnot Attorney E. Green
to th* following ofrpct: "Kent says lie de
livered $5000 to Miss Vinton, and part may
be in her baggage in Japan. Get transfer
from hf>r to < tiief Johnson of money,
drafts and valuables In such baggag--.
Wire me contents of transfer."
The Sheriff questioned Miss Vinton In
■ the prison aa to the $5000. She at first
[said that she got 4000 yen, equal to (2000,
from Kent, but ■ ised the amount
to 6000 yen, or $3000. She whs then stop
ping at the Grand Hotel, Yokohama, and
i handed the money over to Louis Epplnger,
j the proprietor of the hotel, for safety, ex
cept $.';»j. which she retained to pay her
! passage on the sjeamer. Eppinper turned
ihe money to the American Consul.
who consented to her retaining the 1300.
She had no intimation that Kent had
i iked money till about five days before
: he was arrested, when he confessed every
i thing to her.
When Mi=s Vinton wan searched at the
: prison only $11 was found In her purse,
and n gold watch. When '"aptain Sey
mour asKf-d her how she expected to reach
New York without funds, she replied that
she had a good voice and knew how to
use it. Sheriff Grlswold got possession of
: her trunks.
Shortly after she had been taken to the
prison Lieutenant Charles P. Plunkett. V
S. N . who fought at the battle of Manila
Bay and was a passenger on the steamer,
drove up in a hack carrying a bouquet of
violets, which he presented to her. He re
mained In the prison with her till she was
taken to the ferry by the Sheriff and Ser
geant Wolf, and ordered the hack driver
to follow them to the ferry, as he would
see her off on her journey by last even-
Ing's train to Jamestown. He said that
the American Consul had asked him to
look after her during the trip, and he had
done so.
Sheriff Griswold said that Miss Vlnton
had previously eloped with a married
man, but he was not familiar with the
particulars. He thought that was the rea
son why she came to live with her aunt
in Jamestown. She positively declined to
be seen by newspaper men.
In her purse wa3 found a clipping of the
following lines by Edwin Arnold, entitled
"Consummation," and she seems to nave
lived up to them:
Somewhere thoro waiteth In this world of ours
For one lone soul another lonely eoul.
Each chasing each through all the lonely hours.
And meetinK strangely at one sudden coal.
Then blend they like green leaves with golden
flowers
Into one beautiful and perfect whole;
And life's !on«c nljht Is ended, and the way
I.irfs open onward to eternal day.
AN ORIGINAL DEVICE
Which Is Followed by a Still More
OHginal Device.
i To poorly Imitate show windows and
slrtis. have a store that looks In a super
ficial way like Charles Lyons', may at
times induce a stranger to make a mis- i
take, but he will find he Is not up against i
the real thing.
The Imitator may by suc.h devices ac- |
I cure a stray customer at times, but If he
cannot deliver the goods such artifices are
I of little avail with the public.
Charles Lyons' house does not depend
on show windows, etc.; his business is run
on the following lines:
He gives the fullest value for the money.
He has all his cloths specially manufac
; tured for him. and has his own exclusive
| patterns. He does an immense business
; and carries as large a stock as any whole
sale cloth house.
Lyons wishes to caution the public who
desire to do business with him that he has
I only one store on Market street, numbered
721, In the History building:, carried on
: under the name and style of Charles
Lyons, the London Tailor. He has noth
ing whatever to do with any other store
on Market street, but has a branch at 122
Kearny street. •
Chines© Club Raided,
Twenty-six fan-tan players were ar
! rested In the rooms of the San Fran-
I cisco Chinese Merchants' Association at
| 122 "Waverly place by the Chinatown
'• squad last evening. The officers . have
i long experienced difficulty In landing the
| gamblers In this club behind the bars, but
I yesterday they fitted up a trap for the
i wily Cci eat lain and la addition, pa malt-
Ing the arrests secured complete evidence.
The Chinese were In the habit of throw-
Ing the evidence down a flue, the opening
in which was concealed behind a secret
p;inel. The bottom of the flue was tapped
by the officers, and as fast as the para
phernalia of the game were cast off by
the gamblers they were recovered by the
police.
Garfield League Social.
The Garfleld league gave an entertain
ment and ball at their hall, 507 Sutter
street, last night to the participants In
the Garfleld memorial exercises held re
cently. Musical and literary exercises
were participated in by E. M. Galvln.
Pawson Mayer, Mrs. Bert Adams, Alma
Wuthrlch, Bert P. Van Cleve, the Alamo
quartet, Marvin trio, Charles Alpers. Ma
jor Charles W. Kyle and others. Dancing
followed.
THE GROWTH OF
THE OIL INDUSTRY
Causes an Association to Be Formed.
At Its Headquarters in the
Mills Building
THE PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
WLLL OPEN TO-MORROW.
California has had Its days of Gold,
Fruit and Farming, and now our lead-
Ing capitalists are opening up a new
era for Investment by the development
of the oil fit-Ids, and many companies
have been formed which have acquired
lands and are boring for oil. In con
sequence of the great activity and de
mand for oil stocks the Producers' Oil
Exchange has been organized by those
Interested In the oil fields, capitalists
and brokers. The public will thus have
the opportunity of seeing dally quota
tions of oil stocks and giving their or
ders to the brokers to buy or sell, as
they may require.
The Producers' Oil Exchange has
taken every precaution possible to ex
amine Into the standing of the various
oil companies before allowing such
companies to list their stocks, and
those buying and selling through the
brokers of the Exchange will thus have
the protection of the Exchange.
The first session of the Producers' Oil
Exchange will be held to-morrow
(Monday), the 23d., at 11 a. m.. in its
rooms on the ground floor of the Mills
building. Preparations have been made
to entertain a large number of people,
as every one is Invited to attend. Mr.
George W. Terrill, the president, will
open the session. Then the chairman,
Mr. Joseph I* King, will take his place
at the rostrum and give people a
chance to buy and sell oil shares
through the medium of the brokers.
Great excitement has been created
lately by the discovery of more oil wells
and doubtless this will stimulate the
trade at the first session of the Ex
change. Wt learn that the Producers'
oil Exchange is indorsed by nearly all
those interested in the production of
oil and th» association is to be con
gratulated in having listed on its board
the best companies, not only those ope
rating: in the producing- Coalinga field,
but also In other sections of the State.
No companies are listed without the
payment of the regular listing fee of
$100.
Parties desiring to invest In oil
shares are recommended to visit the
Exchange, where they will find the
secretary ready to give general Infor
mation as to companies and the terri
tory In which they are operating. This
information Is derived from experts
employed by the association, who are
constantly in the various oil fields.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ROOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
142 to 800 Geary Street, Above Powell
PERIODICALS. HOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND PICJ IRON.
I f WIT Sfl\ & ffl Mo Bime«T Street.
J- C- niLJUII & lUi Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH]
jnREPH Fox, fiupt. H. BLTTH, Mrr
C W SMITH Bb| P Plumbing:, Steamboat
V- YT • .Jllll 111. an d Ship Work a Specialty. II
and 18 Washington »t. Telephone Main DtHl.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
US RfIVFS C(\ Shipping Butcher*. 104
JAJ DUIDa Clay. Tel. Main 1294
FURS.
I N IfIFSTAI) 14 Kilrn ' ft - «P««"i Late,:
J. H. LUrOIAU, stylo*, lowest prices, lemod.iing
1R >N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, J&£° 2 4 SSffi
ft. Caf ngs of Every Description Mcd» to
Order. Tel. Black UO5.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF ULP and paper co.
1) ILLAJILI IL 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTINQ.
E- C- nUGnES. HI San*onie st . S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , Ztil^h „£%
STATIONER ANU PRINTER.
Te.e«rraph,c partridge ** gs"S.""*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ? b ™ E %^EZ
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. ft Its GREEN
KIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th»
Market. Office and Yards — <50 Main «tr«et.
The last process
through which
ExSra Pafe
. beer passes from the
brew to the bottle is
termed Pasteurizing
-the result is abso-
lute freedom from im-
purities, and a beer
that is as much a food
as a beverage.
Your frocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
a C9i 1051 mis; ST. '.;'- 6 ±t7&, :. ?. C:L i
\ QT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the ".
A 'jjL World. We.ikn«se» or any contracted t \
5. SttSl disease p«?*H«»«-'y«-tireilliy the oldest '
© «H3| Specialist en the Coast. "Est. 36 year». (I
1 4*l*l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
PfCWfrW t-oa«ult»tion frre and stri'tly prly»tr \
I iSw ft T " *" r ' enl personally or by letter. A g
' I drnH '"•*-' 1v ' ! On in every ease undertaken. \ x
r7 lln Write for Book. PBILONUI*nV«t A
111 jl"* ■4RRIAGE, MAILBD FREE. (AT
v A JL »aluable book for mm) \
V r.lt JORDAN *40., 1051 MarteetSt.S. F. 9
a-^a^^^^^^^fc^^^^^^^^^^^-^a
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
M♦♦ M ♦ ♦♦■^■^^♦♦♦'f ♦»♦♦♦!♦♦♦♦'♦♦ 1 1 + ♦++♦+♦♦♦ + ♦+♦♦♦♦♦-♦■
X expert PADCI7TC EVERY PAIR ♦■
I FiTTEfiS. UUJLIOiJ ID. FITTED.
I THE ONLY HOUSE IN SAN FRANCISCO |
t SELLING A BROCHE CORSET FOR $2.00. X
4. . : L. 4
X LADlES' fancy cotton Broche, black and cream ground, with floral pat- X
4- terns, closely boned, side steels are rustproof, lac- trimmed top and 4
4- bottom Price $2.00 Pair 4
4. y;:.^r^- _. 4
£ LADIES' fancy silk Broch!-, black and cream ground, with floral pat- I
T terns, guaranteed rustrroof, lace trimmed top and bottom -f
X Price $3.00 Pah* >
4- LADIES' PETTICOATS, th* silky kind, imde of a roton cloth, looks 4
■f just like surah silk, Jeep flounce with ruffle on bottom, all new shades, >
X will be put on sale Monday at f. $1.03 Each ♦
X LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of fine mercerised sateen, ex'ra wide deep ♦
+. flounce, with two ruffhs on bottom, all new shades.. Price $2-00 Each
X LADIES' PETTICOATS, made of fine wool moreen, deep flounce with X
♦■ ruffl* on bottom, all new and popular shades Price $3.00 4
4- • 4
X THE CRESCENT CORSET CO., Successors to X
X FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE, !
t 742-744 MARKET STREET.
AMUSEMENTS,
_____ SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
WEEK COMMENCING Sunday Matinee, Oct. 22d.
GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED 1 THREE EUROPEAN IMPORTATIONS! new|
UrtCAUM dill cTcn urrciiLu ; TH£ VVHOLE progravime new 1
WRIGHT ~HLfNTINGTON,
Supported by MISS A.OELE FRANCIS and MR. GEORGE FARREN.
"Miss Francis Is the most handsomely gowned woman on either the legitimate or vaudeville
stage." — New York Press.
MISS LA URA BUR T, .
Is Monologue. Late leading lady with "Man in the Moon" Company.
<""* A I N A Late Violin Soloist in Sousa'sßand. First appearance in
VZDJO\ I JJzHu. 7 vaudeville.
VIITIE^B~WITT,
Queen of the Cornet and Vocal Soloist.
WALTONTS ACROBATI^SfMIANS,
They do the HEGELMAN BROTHERS' act. Direot from Europe.
MLLE.ERNA'S TRICK and MUSICAL CANINES
IMPORTED FROM BERLIN.
T f~^i l I IH 8 v^7" ~ thFtalk of the town.
' 'V...V -A- —L. -»- y In Poses Plastique— the originator of her Famous Act,
TOM BROWN 7 ~FLORENZ TROUPE,
The Colored Orator. I Europe's Greatest Acrobats.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, ' OCT. 22.
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents, any part. A Few
Front Orchestra Rows Reserved, 50 rents.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. *"%£;£.""
TONIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Latest New York Musical Force Comedy,
BRIGHT ----- TUNEFUU ----- YA/ITTV!
O3STE LONG Lj-A-TTG-H !
Presented by the Original Cast.
Popular Prices : 75c, 59c an! 25;. MATINEES— S9c and 25c.
COJV\ING-"BROWIN'S IN TOU/N."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT— MASKED BALL!
■ rwrwi/ TO-MORROW NIGHT!
L.v7\>tV ■ TO-MORROW NIGHT!
Gorgeous Spectacular Production!
\ub luUbb
1 lIL i SHiLiL
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY!
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for this presentation.
OLYMriA con. mason
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
FRANK BARTON,
The King of Coon Blngera.
rouseliTbrothers
Ring ArtisU Who Have the Town by the Ear*.
RUTH~NELTA,
The Expansionist Songstress and Her
FILIPINO BABY.
AND A HOST OF OTHERS. '
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
SAN MATEO COURSING PARK
(Ocean View, this side Union Park.)
OPENING DAYSrOct. 21st, 22(1.
OPEN STAKE !
£0 CHAMPION GREYHOUNDS!
$MSO IN PRIZES!
Take S. P. trains. Third an.t Townsend. 10:15
a m. and 1 p. 81. Saturdays, and 10:15 ■, m.,
11 a m 13 m. and 1 p. m. irMndays: Twenty-
fifth and Valencia. 5 minutes later.
San Mateo electric cars every 10 minutes.
Admission, 25c; Ladles free.
Secretary's of floe, room 40, Phelan bldj.
DEUTSCHES THEATER
Comedy Theater. Bush Street.
1 SUNDAY EVENING, October 22, 1»99, ?.
DIE NAEHERIN
(The Seamstress.)
FIRST APPEARANCE OF
FRL. BERNHARDINE YON HOFFSTETTER
and HER REN A' ARENA and ROLAND.
Box Office now open. Telephone Main 1794.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
LAST NIGHT OF NANON!
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING!
The Fashionable Event of the Season!
First Production on Any Stage of an Entirely
Original Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart
and Clay M. Greene, entitled
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Magnificent Cast of — Increased Cho-
rus and Ballet— and Best Orchestra
In the City.
Usual Popular Prices— SSc, 15c, 16c. 100.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25a.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
. CHUTES_4ND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING
"MAJOR MITE"
(Smallest Actor en Earth.)
HIGH DIVERS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
DON'T FAIL TO BEE
ADGIE SUBDUE "WALLACE,"
THE MAN-EATER FROM THE ZOO.
Phone for Seats, Park 18.
DON'T MISS THE SECOND PERFORMANCE
Of the Favorite Comedian,
MR. A TAN7.MAN, ,
SUNDAY, EVENING, Oot. 23. 189*, NATIVE ;
SONS" HALL. 414 Mason St., bet. Post and
Geary »ts., In "THE END OF LOVE." Ad-
mission, 60c, Hoc and 25c. After the perform-
ance c. Grand Ball will take place.
'*'' I B sl^Lb *I»naf»otarer,
Telephone
GREEN 325.
■•»»»••••■•--»••»>«»••••••»•••■
!. Transcontinental tourists and trar- I
I elers from all over the United States I
I show their appreciation of the excel- ?
I lence of the T
! PALACE ♦
GRAND :
1 by making the«e hotels their headquar - i
1 ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen i •
". hundred rooms, 900 with baths— li
1 and finest In the world. 1 1
JOHN C. KIRICPATRICK. Manager. t
AMUSEMENTS.
JTIYOLI OPEBA- HOUSE.
: Grand and English Opera Season.
> TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
: CAVALLERIA and PA6LUCCL
I^OR NEXT \A/EEK-
- Every Evening and Saturday Matinee,
Cffenbichs Famous Comic Opera,
: Q-O-000
0 i r« 0
: qooo-6 6-000-p
0 0
O-o-o-o-o-o-o-00-000-b
; Gorgeous Costumes, Scenery and Effects !
■ Enlarged Orchestra and Chorus !
' *'La Belle Kclcnc" version used
° by Lillian Russell.
; SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
Meyerbeer's Greatest Grand Opera.
Will Be Produced on a Sumptuous Scale
MONDAY EVENING, Oct. 30.
Plgmors AVKDANO, SALASSA WAN'RELL
FONARI, 2ANI and ANNA LICHTER ar.d
CHARLOTTE BECKWTTH. etc., in the cast.
POPULAR PRICES -25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
' I COLOMBIA £§ks
j! 8 NIGHTS. Tfi-NIRHT I
I Mat. Sat., Beg lU'Nlunli j
| U DUNNE AND RYLEY present \
R THE FADING CENTURY'S \
y MERRIEST PLAY, |
I CHAS. H. HOYT'S I
|| WAR-TIME COMEDY, f
A
MILK
WHITE
FLAG.
|| Spectacularly Burlesquing the Fads
I 1 and Foibles Current With Our i
\ I Popular Citizen Soldiery. f
I A REGIMENT OF FUNMAKERS I
I PRiCES: $1._75c, 50c, 25c. |
W MONDAY, OCTOBER 30, \
>§ ma thews <& "BytheSad j
I 1 bulcer in., sea Waves" |
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). OCTOBER 23.
OPEN
AND
PUPPY
STAKES.
110 GREYHOUNDS!
$1000 IN PRIZES!
"ALL NATIONS' " CONCERT BY YON DER
MEHDENS BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m.: Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minute* later. Returning at 4:45
p. m. and after final course. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every fifteen minutes.
Coursing will begin on arrival of 10:15 train.
ADMISSION. 25c; LADIES FREE.
"A HANDSOME PRESENT GIVEN
BE WINNER OF EACH RACE"
AT
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 15 CONEY
ISLAND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted every one a winner.
especially the ghastly Third Degres Regions.
where His Royal Nibs, the Devil, and hla
majria wand will reign supreme.
PROF. HILL, marvel of the high wire, dally.
lOo Admission to all partu and ride —
New attractions to he continually added.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. is:« 9.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
' day. Friday and Saturday: Rain or thine.
Five or more races each day. > ■■■. ■;_■•
, i Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
' I Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1 j 12:30, 1, 1:39.-2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
■ ' with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
• track. Bnjr your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with ban
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo aver.ua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— >aye the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
ffi'A ©h!e!ie»!«f> Knells* Diamond BrtnO. ' -
fENHYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
P ,«£i*v ' Original and Only Gcmntoc A/
PL,T% C*-jkU Draggilt tot' Ckicheitert Knglu.\ Ka-iw\
i&Wnl/Zi&mend Brand la Bed ul Gold metillicVUgr
St —^S*2 1O " B - sc * wiui bios ribbon. Take \"Ji
7"i S*^ vt'S 110 ether. R'.pM dangerous »ui»fi:u- ■?
1/ fgtionMaiuiimitatv nt. AlDragguu.oresridga.
IC- 2f l * stamp* for pirticd&rt, testimoctals sod
V^tJ* tSb "Kcllof for tadicn." '" Utter, br rrtnra
•V If Mall. S 0.000 TM«mooi«!i. Kaeui Pap*.
_ >ll— ■"/ Gfclnhc*terCSeialcalCo^MßA!tonM<iDßr> (
■MkT all L-» Drn«i«ti- I*:IILA.«>A., I*^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to Si 50 day;
15 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
i and cold water every room; fire grates la everjr
i room; elevator runs all night.
1314
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Eastern Star.
Olive Branch Chapter at its last held I
meeting had work In the initiatory degree
and after the close of the session there
was a programme of entertainment whien |
included instrumental selections -by Miss i
Rohrbacher and Miss Fredericks, recita
tions iv Mrs. Cellna rico, vocal selec- >
tions by Mrs. I*. C. Plstolesi and an inter- ,
esting ;"few remarks*' by Dr. A. Miles
Taylor. Then light refreshments and
cakes were served. This chapter is de- i
voting much attention to the social side]
of fraternity and is becoming exceedingly <
popular.
The election of George 1.. Darling to
tire position of worthy grand patron is a |
handsome compliment to one who during j
the past year, as associate grand patron.
devoted a great deal of time to the order,
making many visits to chapters in and
out of the city, which duty he, under the
law, was not called upon to perform. A
man of agreeable manners and address,
he has mad many friends, who feel that j
his term as grand patron will be a sue- .
cessful one. ,_
The Bebekahs.
At the last held meeting of Walhalla i
Rebekah Lodge Mrs. Lillian Meredith, the :
noble grand, presented to the lodge an
emblematic silk banner, her own handi
work, in recognition of the many kind- j
nesses that have been shown to her while :
she has been an ofllcer of the lodge. The ;
gift was duly appreciated by the member- ;
■ ■ - •■
NEW GRAND PATRON OF
THE ORDER EASTERN STAR
GEORGE L. DARLIING OF GOLDEN GATE CHAPTER.
G:SE Zj. DART, ING. who at the rerpnt session of the Grand Chap
\cr of the order of the Eastern Star was elected worthy Grand Pat
ha£ been a resident of this city for many years, is well known
in Masonic circles an<l very popular in the Eastern Star. Last year he
the associate Grand Patron and a? BUch, thouph not required to do so, he
paid frequent visits to all the local chapters and to many In the interior. He
is a member of Golden Gate Chapter and a most earnest worker for the
Star work.
s-hip. ler that there may be an
I of the event it- was or
dered that the fact of the presentation
pread upon the minutes.
night the Ladies' Auxll
the Patriarchs
Militant had a large class of candidates
pecially prepared •'••
--■ organization, but owing
■ c la' k of floor r iom upon which to
■rk only eight could take the
■ n> 5 time. The decree will be
m the others at a future meet
lnjr.
• Thursday after the parade Mrs.
aptain of San Francisco
2. was bo well p ■
■with the appearance end work of those
jh< treated them
In ». prominent restaurant. In
rt address the o; ptain told of her
gratification of the zeal of the members
the cause that had brought
. and expressed the hope
work to tho *nd that San
Fram I equal,
!f not the peer, of any like organizat
Native Sons.
Grand Organizer Stelnbach and Grand
Been tary Lundstedt on last Tuesday re
ilzed Botoyome Parlor at Healdsburg.
J. R. Millor is the prerident and E. W.
Bkaggs recording secretary.
Grand Trustee Judge M. T. Dno'ing has
■ .1 fmm a tour of official visit-
Slsklyou County.
Rin< ild meeting
1 still
n tile.
- ihichi is making
[( has !■■ n
Hands, Cabrillo, Banta Paula. Santa
i 'lego and Anaholm. On
tho 23d lie will be In Ran Bernardino and
• r. the 27th in Pomona.
Native Daughters.
Parlna Parlor at its last h«!d serslon
initiated eight candidates, thereby in
;:ig; the membership to forty. This
Is pretty good for the "baby" parlor of
the city.
Buena Vista Parlor is to have a theater
party at the Tivoli on Wednesday even
ing next.
Mrs. B. Nelson, organizer and past
president of El Papo de Robles Parlor
Xo. 189 of Paso Robles, has been, visiting
relatives in this city.
Bonita Parlor of Redwood City has
been in a more prosperous condi
tion than it Is at present. At its last
held meeting seven ladles were admitted
1 y initiation ar.d there are three more to
PEERLESS
OIL
COMPANY
A few of the first block of 50CO shares
yet remain unsold. Price,
$1 per share.
Capital ptock 100.000 sharca
Par value $10 00 per chars
Only a few days' drilling will reach
the first stratum of oil sand, when the
stock will readily sell at par.
Tills company's property consists of 160
acres of patented land In the very center
of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway between the ELWOOD WELL
and the TIT3BETTS WELL (both pro-
ducers), and it Is surrounded by wella
lln various" stages of development.
A CLOSE INVESTIGATION . IS IN-
VITED.
A contract for sinking is about to be
let and a •■!<■• of oil may be expected
at 220 to 2:0 feet depth.
OFFICE— Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building.
be admitted at the next, 'me memDers
are greatly encouraged and expect to
keep up the good work.
Last Monday night La Paloma Parlor
No. 116 was instituted in Gilroy by Dis
trict Deputy Dora Wilson of Redwood
rtty assisted by Past Presidents Mary
Hundley, Mary "Oilman. Mary J. Town
send and Lottie Wilson, all of Bonita
Parlor No. 10 of Redwood. The new offi
cers are: Anna Reeve, past president;
Fay peabody, organizer of the parlor,
president: Bertha Babb, Stella Lillian
Wolfe and Lilly Vesta Dexter, %-ice presi
dents; Josephine Claver, recording- secre
tary; Lulu Gett, financial secretary; Lin
nie Johns, treasurer; Lucinda Rector
Rohr, marshal; Ella Gruell, Palermo De
larlo and Mary Boicell, trustees; KatheY-
Ine SpaUarosa, Inside, and Frances Anna
Sullivan, outside sentinel. Dr. F. \v .
Thayer is medical examiner.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Superior Lodge No. 361 of the Ancient
Order of Workmen will give its first an
nua] entertainment nnd ball in its hall, at
Polk street, to-morrow night. A
: g programme has been arranged,
and there will also be a good programme
•; dances. The committee in charge is:
M. H. Bhepard, C. E. Jackson, C. A.
Mitchell, E. H. Lehinny, George Wald
!■-. li. Nichols, J. B. Craig, C. E.
uist and F. A. Moore.
The committee of arrangements having
in char;.', the entertainment to be given
, on the evening of next Friday in the Odd
Fellows Hall in celebration of the thirty
first aniversary of the foundation of the
, order has prepared an excellent pro
! gramme of literary and musical numbers
and a good programme of dan
Unity. Lodge will give a smoker in its
hall, in the Shlels building, on Tuesday,
: the 31st inst.
Th^re was an exemplification of the
screen work before the lodge in Newark
last night.
Th>- Cast Masters' Association will on
the night of the firs; Monday in Novem-
Hsten to an Interesting lecture by
Grand Medical Examinn- Dr. J L. Mavon.
Last night Grand Chief of Honor Mrs.
P. Norman paid an official visit to
all the Degree of Honor lodges of Ala
raeda County, which held a joint meeting
!in the hall of Dawn of Hope Lodge in
; Oakland.
Silver Spray Lodge, Degree of Honor,
I will hold an open invitation meeting In
Excelsior Hall, in this rity. on Tuesday,
November 21, instead of the 7th of No
-1 vember, as previously announced.
Next Wednesday Ivy Lodge, Degree of
Honor, of Oakland will have a Hallow
een party for members only.
Mrs. K. M. Poland grand recorder of
the Degree of Honor, has been confined to
her home for some time by illness, but bhe
; is Improving.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
This organization, an offshoot of the
Woodmen of the World, which has for Its
purpose the giving of sick benefits to
numbers of the local camps who desire
to Join It, also to pay benefits at death.
Is now on the high road to prosperity and
at each meeting Is adding to the member
ship, the members of the various local
camps realizing the great advantage that
it will be to them to be members of the
club. At the meeting on the 13th inst.
five candidates were initiated and a half
dozen applications received. A proposition
to change the name of the organization
Ihoppera' Sick Benefit Association
v.as voted down. During the evening one
of the members gave a brief account of
the expansion of the city and of San
Francisco in the past forty-five years. At
the next meeting there will be' a social
hour after the business meeting 1 . Past
President George J. Strong having prom
ised to have an Interesting feature for the
entertainment of members.
Forty-Ninth Anniversary.
The associates of Engine Company No.
a of the Volunteer Fire Company cele
brated the forty-ninth anniversary of the
organization of the company by an outing
to and banquet at Fairfax. In the ban
quet hall the tables were profusely deco
rated with flowers, there being In the
cent* r a basket of roses and choice flow
ers standing five feet in height, the gift
of Mrs. Lillie H. Colt to the old organiza
tion, of which she was an honorary mem
1m r. At the close of the festivities the
basket was presented to Stephen Bunner.
During the day William H. Millar was
elected a volunteer member of the asso
ciation There were speeches, recollec
tlon nf days gone by. It was not a large
but a very pleasant gathering. Those who
were at the table were E. B. and Mrs.
Vreeland. E. T. Anthony and his niece
Lotta, Stephen Bunner, Mrs. S. Bunner,
Miss Anna Bunner, Miss Constance
r, Charles and Mrs. Kimball, G. \V.
Kennard and Mrs. Kermard Lawrence
and Mrs. Dunn. Miss Nona Dunn, Miss
Jilla Dunn, James Grady and Miss Grady,
William H. and Mrs. Miller, Lawrence
SelHnger Jr. and Mrs. Bellinger, Harry
Wheeler, P. A. Gianni, Thomas McCauley,
John P. Hall, J. W. Kentzell, Miss E.
Hughes, Mrs. John McGreevey and Miss
F Z:icharias.
The Jolly Friends.
A short time since a number of the order
of Companions of the Forest and a few
personal friends organized a society and
named it the Jolly Friends. Mrs. Sarah
Beversen was chosen president. Mrs. H.
Ij. I.emmc, recording secretary; Miss
Emily Taylor, treasurer; F. Zimmerman.
S. A. A.; J. Mulball, G. O. A., and Miss L.
Lomme, C. The objects of the Boclety are
sociability and entertainment. La.st Thurs
day night the members of the society gavo
their tlrst entertainment, which was in
the nature of n trolley ride in the Her
mosn. The r'irty. rnnpistlni? of the offl
cere. Mrs. H. VL. Durgan. S. M. Masse i?
Mrs. Annie Page. Mr. and Mrs. R. jj • ■
aion, C. E. Broud, 11. M. l^mrae, Mia<? ,
£adie Overaokat. Herroan Gabel, C. PaxC l
I
THE SA3 FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
ker, Howard Overacker, Harry Overaeker,
J. Blake. Mrs. Lillie Milnie,"and several
others, had a band of music and there was
a pleasant ride over the electric lines, and
then a rest at the Ocean Beach, where
lunch was partaken of. The society pro
poses to have an entertainment every
month.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Lodge at its meeting last Mon
day appointed a committee to arrange for
a welcome to Mrs. L. J. Wheelock, P. G.
P. and supreme representative, on her re
turn to this city from the Besslon of the
Supreme Lodge.
The lodges of this city have been moving
along quietly and all of them are waiting
for the action of the Supreme Lodge be
fore engaging in missionary work for the
order in this State.
Supreme Protector L. B. Lockhard in
his annual report to the Supreme Lodge
paid the following high compliment to th.c
late S. B. Carleton: "Words wherewith to
give expression of my appreciation of the
worth and services of Brother Carleton
fail me. He was as true and loyal a
Knight as ever bore armor, always look
ing after the interest and welfare of his
friends, and always striving to build up
the order he loved so well. He was a true
friend, loyal knight, and every Inch a
man. His presence and influence will be
missed in this supreme body."
Chosen Friends.
Grand Recorder Wallis has returned
from a visit in the East and resumed the
duties of his office.
The members of Golden Gate Council cm
cil recently gave a reception to Past
Grand Councilor Boehm, who is the finan
cial secretary. He recently returned from
the East, where he was present at the
session of the Supreme Council. lie gave
an interesting account of the legislation
of that body, which did considerable for
the advancement of the membership. At
the same time the council gave a recep
tion to J. Liddle, one of its members,
who was with the California Volunteers
at Manila. After the business of the even
ing there was a collation and responses to
■
A few evenings since there was held in
the hall of Golden Gate Council a meeting
at which were represented fifteen coun-
I; was addressed by Grand Councilor
Savage, Past Grand Councilor Boehm and
1 Recorder Wallis, A great d<
information was given as to the doings at
the last held session of the Supreme Coun
cil. It was shown that there had been a
DB. PIERCES REMEDIES.
THE day when the girl becomes a woman; the day when the wife becomes a mother; the day when the change \/y itt 11 ||v v
I of life begins ; those are womans' three days of destiny. At each of these periods of functional change jy r --SRfi^ '
the balance of health, both of mind and body, is disturbed. There may be only weakness and nervousness, or | 6 jSiS>^ : *S §3k
there may be hysteria, depression and dementia, horror of mind and anguish of body. A M *|||§& %? &t
No argument is necessary to prove that woman needs to exercise the greatest care of her womanfy health £\j\ I (SX ifo^^BJ
during these periods of functional change in order to save herself from the serious results which so often follow, n§j|J jssßr T^^futh. '
There is a medicine for woman designed to help her in these critical periods. Dr. Pierce s Favorite I &$j '* \ V y^ 4 '''*>v^^» ■
Prescription has helped and healed thousands of sick and suffering women. » -la cX \\ s\.-*°. ,*&f -^tfi'
It is not a cure-all. It is prepared specially for woman's peculiar ailments and acts with wonderful ? kiß<^&7'-'''^'••^Ss^^ff*'*^^
healing power upon the delicate female organs. It regulates the periods, heals inflammation and ulceration, \ M^SBwjiAt^nlmP^^'^^i
cures female weakness, and invigorates the entire womanly organism. It makes the baby's advent practically ! £&= W //MterWY^^s' f '
painless, and gives abundant vitality to nursing mothers. . I "^^^fli/i { '»\ \k^^i\^^\
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription is a scientifically prepared medicine, and within the scope of its purpose •J| O§Jl Jf^v^iFmJ*^
it is without a rival in the lasting benefits it confers upon weak and sickly women. There are many medicines | /IS j^^^s)^K\ \/f /XV)
offered for women's use which seem helpful because they relieve pain and stimulate the body. But their effects !|| n^CTSTf^i^v^r
; ■ — __— . are not permanent. When the power of their opt- |^B - j j\yk\ |\W^T/ A/ \
r.f'\ ates and stimulants is exhausted the old condition I*!!!-! /iv\, ilkli /'/ iV
?*^M a^^^w.^^^s. returns and usually in aggravated form. "Favorite ilßr rjrevWll \\ ( \'
1 r^ r f^^4^^l'%^^^^^^\|offl^^^ Prescription " contains no alcohol, and is absolutely |^P V n|| » M \/f \
iu^^^^^^eo^^^^^p^^^^^p^^^^^^i^^^^^, free from opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics. fv/J if. 5 l&tsX--'^'
" MEVER DESPAIR." Bv^^
!^TiSI ti r I' PL ' mjjijffl^fejifc »/,\\ \Lj pil^^l^Uyl gi ye " Favorite Prescription " a fair and faithful ( k^^^^^^d^A^^Jf
;:::::^i^r^^^^^^~^zir^^ AH correspondence is strictly private and sacredly W^^^^^^\ Jm&^&%
' "^ :i::^ ::^^^^^^^ : ~" confidential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief |t^g^^p i#*^»
' — • — ~^~^~ — -— _-— 1 consulting physician to the Invalids' Hotel and P^^^K^ f^ Ml
P«rtl«l view of the InvalWs' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. V., with portrait of Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y. /fe^^^^3 I h^f^nfl U&^l'^
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Chiei Consulting Physkien. ■: . ." ' & " K& ££ ' *ffl&U f I M-<^h i V Hisi «
A Maiden's Suffering. l^% tg^WZZ "i*i2 ?S y h i?S?E£ SI
"It gives me much pleasure," writes Miss Ella Sapp, of Jamestown, Guil- about one hour and got along nicely during confinement ; was up and dressed W^^^^ff A •2l?§§'*^
ford Co., N. C, "to thank Dr. Pierce for the great good received from the on the eighth day. I never had the doctor with me at all ; just the nurse and M\W^^§> #^WImB J
use of his 'Favorite Prescription 1 and 'Golden Medical Discovery.' I had one or two friends. My friends thought that I was sick a very short time. I BlH^?^^-^ If /
suffered for three years or more at monthly periods. It seemed as though think Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription is indeed a true 'mother's friend,* Imi^^S^SZ^ ' jr A
I would die with pain in my back and stomach. I could not stand at all for it helped me wonderfully. It kept me from having a miscarriage. . This HiT^^^y'-- -—^,tT" Mi
without fainting ; had given up all hope of ever being cured, when one of makes my second child ; with the first one I did not take ' Favorite" Prescript HA >*^ ~-~^^ /Pr\^k
my friends insisted upon my trying Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. With tion' and I had a miscarriage. The little one lived just about two months ml W^stfliftS^ jH-BA\ 1
but little faith I tried it, and before I had taken half a bottle I felt better, and she was sick all the time. This last baby is as plump an/i healthy as any lffi)fljflf Vflfjtofc. *zZ^£*? JT V 1
had better appetite and slept better. Now I liave taken two bottles of ' Fa- i mother could wish. She is about three week's old now and is gaining in flesh '1 1 IffjK. .^fj' /Si \ /
vorite Prescription ' and one of ' Golden Medical Discovery,' and am happy i everyday." IWfHfll 5} P 'rnj Vi /^Vv J
to say lam entirely cured, and all done in two months' time when all Gfoanue of Lift* \yk Pit! lllllM\vr^y V / /
medicines had failed to do any good at all." %09m*mEW%2*s %Mm Hmmm 9 «V^^^S ' I l|( '\\ \/ /
jvixs* iVi. xscti H6S| ox xj3.iis Jr*crryj oxinstn v».o a y v^o.l, ( wntcs t Sxy i3xivsici3Ji \Jf iSf ■ \ \ T3 j( a &
■,' '- A ttfirmlkr*r* f ci Psa—mcs sa^ * was ssu e r ''%" 1 the effects of ' change of life.' I had heart disease \?Sk^v. I ' V >/ X V
I* iffiotaßCr s> rang**. .-. womb trouble and rhi.".natism. My head was so dizzy I could hardly stand |H ft\Ns^ 'I M^,
n I would like to express my gratitude to you for the benefit I have received up. When I began Dr. Pierces medicines I improved right along. I took t**Al \T V>S * >^**' "^^^^l^-^* ~" '
from your wonderful medicine — 'Favorite Prescription, '" writes Mrs. H. C 6even or eight bottles of the 'Favorite Prescription,' a teaspoonfnl three * \w^-~-\ * a .^T^^^j-^wm.
Anderson, of South Britain, New Haven Co., Conn. (Box 33). "During the times a day, and the ' Pleasant Pellets 'at night. I feel as well as I ever did. JK Ja \i "M HI H W ""m"
first month of pregnancy I could not keep anything on my stomach. Was I take great pleasure in recommending Dr. Pierces medicines to suffering Ji l^^ !^&^'^ i^^ l! Qi
so 3tck that I had to go to bed and stay for weeks. I tried different doctors, women. I think tiiey are the best medicines in the world. I can't say JlCJlL^jiLJiLiiL jil^ ifj Jbl
but with little benefit. I read about many being helped by using your mcdi- enough in their praise. The ' Favorite Prescription ' cured me after I had ~!~^^^Q^^^^^!^^^^g!^J?^?^^3f2S
cine so I thought I would give it a trial. I began to take your ' Favorite been sick for two years so I was hardly able to be about." ' •=^=== :^ £^^ z ii^ : |rfi^^
M GREAT SxSFTm DRb p l£R®&'S COMMON SENSE MEDICAL ADVISER is sent FREE on \I / j^^^^SM\l |
£% ■---,^.,. MMJ receipt of stamps to pay expense of mailing ONLY. It contains IOGB U^gra i^^U^
pages and over 700 illustrations and gives invaluable council to women. Send 21 one~cent
stamps (cost of mailing ONLY) for the book bound in paper, or 31 stamps for durable cloth J /^^^^^^^&\ If j
binding. Address, DR. R. V. PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y. ' r /«r^^si 111/
y^r"^^^^o% Glimpse of a treatment-room, in Invalids Hotel and Surgical Institute, showing Electrical, >\. i,*-^ »
revision of rates for new members and
provision made for payment by the old
members of assessment so as to meet all
claims within sixty days after presenta
tion. The aim of the order is to maintain
a reputation for prompt payments. The
recent legislation gives the "old members
the option of adopting the new rates.
Last Thursday night Social Council gave
a very pleasant card party in its hall in
the Native Sons' building. Despite the
threatening weather there was a good at
tendance.
Recently Fairmount Council had an
open meeting in Mission Masonic Hall at
which there were Past Grand Councilor
Boehm, Grand Treasurer Miss McDon
ald, and Grand Sentry Mrs. A. Boehm.
The past grand councilor delivered an ad
dress and there was an entertaining pro
gramme of literary and musical numbers.
■Grand Councilor* Savage recently paid a
visit to Evans Council and he gave an en
couraging talk: After the business all
present adjourned to a restaurant near by
Where an oyster supper was served.
M. Boehm paid a visit last Monday to
Washington Council.
Companions of the Forest of America.
On the evening of the 12th inst. there
was a large and pleasant meeting of San
Francisco Circle, there being present
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Ja
cobs, Grand Treasurer Miss Alice Ticou
let. Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington, V. G. H. 8., the Mod
est Member from Inter Xos and a good
representation nf the membership. During
ithe evening there were admitted by ini
tiation three gentlemen and one lady. This
circle has, through the untiring efforts of
Its officers, <.f late been making rapid
strides, and it is now on the road that
leads to success. If the new members be
i ome imbued with the spirit of enthu
siasm that the officers display they will
help materially in increasing the numeri
( i! .<•;■ nirth of the circle. There were ad
dresses by the visitors, the reading of ap
plications from two ladies who wish to
join the circle, and after adjournment
there was a fine collation for all.
During the past week Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Jacobs paid an official visit
to Manzanita Circle in Angels Camp and
to Mother Lode Circle in Jamestown. To
morrow she will go to Sonora Circle at
Sonora and on the 24th she will be with
Stockton Circle at Stockton.
Last Tuesday night Inter Nos Circle
had a good meeting, during which there
was considerable business transacted in
the interest of the circle. After the close
of business there was an hour of enjoy
ment, dancing and the serving of a colla
tion.
The official visit to Golden Era Circle by
the grand chief companion has been
changed to Thursday, December 28, In the
Pythian Castle.
Friends of the Forest.
Pioneer Lodge will give a social and en
tertainment In Foresters' building on
Tuesday evening next. On that night M.
Boehm. a prominent member of the order,
will deliver an address on the subject of
increasing the membership.
To-morrow night Lincoln Lodge will
give a Halloween party in the Odd Fel
lows' building.
Last week Mizpah Lodge gave a party
which was well attended, there being
present Supreme President Mrs. Raymond,
Supreme Treasurer Mrs. Boehm and mem
bers of Pioneer and Lincoln lodges.
America Lodge recently increased its
membership by 25. It is arranging for a
party on November 11.
The Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent at its last held re
view received fifteen strangers by initia
tion, the work being performed by the de
gree team in charge of Captain H. L.
Tickner, who is entitled to great credit for
having brought the members to its pres
ent degree, of proficiency.
Last week, the time for which Deputy
Supreme Commander Arbogast had agreed
to work for the tent having expired, there
w.re many complimentary remarks made
relative to what he did for the tent in the
matter of building up the membership.
The tent now has more than :>7O members.
Anton W. Rettig, a member of <Jolden
West Tent, who became such by initiation
about two months ago, died suddenly
and his funeral took place last week
under the auspices of members of
the tent. The services were conducted
by the Rev. Dr. J. A. Schilling of the
Lutheran Kvangelical Church. The de
ceased at the time of becoming a mem
ber was in perfect health, but a short
time ago he was attacked with an affec
tion of the ti;roat which caused suffoca
tion. His widow was left unprovided for,
except that which the order will pay her.
Companions of the Forest.
The official visit of Supremo Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Falconer, Mrs. M.
Ash, sub-chief; Miss Bennett, treasurer;
Mrs. Morrow, secretary; Mrs. Miller, left
guide Mrs. Polk herald, and M. Boehm,
P. S. G. S. C, to Lroyal Circle in Shiels
building was a very interesting one.
There was a large number of members
present and also visitors from Piedmout,
Artemis, Franklin and California circles.
The work of the evening was followed by
a banquet, which was presided over by
Past Supreme Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Saxah Beverso-n, and during the
evening- the best of fraternal feeling pre
vailed Mrs. Beverson, who made an ad
mirable toastmistress, called upon all the
visiting errand officers to respond to
toasts. There were songs and literary
efforts which served to make the evening
a most enjoyable one. .
The supreme gram! officers paid official
visits to Pride of the Forest Circle.
Bournemouth Circle, Justice Circle and
Valley Circle in Oakland. In each there
was a cordial welcome. At Stockton
the initiation of eleven candidates took
place and then a most excellent feast.
BUENA VISTA THEATER PARTY,
"La Belle Helene" to Be Given at
Tivoli for the Benefit of a Na
tive Daughters' Parlor.
Buena Vista Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, one of the most
prominent of the lo<:al parlorss which has
always been to the fore in calls for char
ity, in and out of the order, has of late
had the misfortune to have many of its
members on the sick list; consequently
there has been an. unusual drain on the
fund for the benefit of the sick. To re
planish that fund the members have de
cided to have a theater party at the Tiv
oll on next Wednesday night, which will
be designated as "Native Daughters'
Night." On that occasion the opera of
"La Belle Helene"* will be presented. The
ladies of the parloo- have already met with
a good deal of encouragement in this en
terprise, and they hope they will be
greeted with a full house, so that they
may realize a goodly sum to enable them
to keep up the good work of caring for
their sick. Miss Genevieve Baker is the
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
Knights of Pythias.
South San Francisco Lodge No. 45 has
arranged to give a grand ball on the
night of the 11th of November in the
South San Francisco Opera-house, corner
of Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. The
hall will be decorated in the colors of the
order.
Grand keeper of records and seal, Her
man Schaffner, has been spending a few
days at Rio Vista with the members of
River View Lodge No. 165. He reports
the lodges in the upper Sacramento Val
ley as being on "the forward march.
The entertainment committee of the
San Francisco lodges will give a social
card party and smoker in Pythian Castle
on the night of Friday next, when three
of the largest halls wiH be used for the
P1 Grand' Chancellor Arndt is visiting *
lodges in the southern part of the State.
Last Thursday he was with the lodge
In Redlands. He- is reported as doing
good work in the interest or ±*ytman
~Salinas Lodge No. 183 and the citizens
of Salinas are already at work arrang
ing to receive and entertain the Grand
Lodge, which is to meet in that place next
May.
_ B ■ "
Califorrda Commissioner Suggested.
Isider Jacobs has a suggestion inai ni.iy
be of interest to business people. He says
that he believes a California Commis
sioner, with headquarters at the national
capital, would be aWe to do much good
for California, in the making of reci
procity treaties in which harm is uninten
tionally done to the incTMstries of Califor
nia, and also in the? framing of modifica
tions of tariff laws, it would be of great
value to have a man at the capital who,
having expert knowledge of the various
interests of the Stsjte. could furnish ac
curate information. He would have tn«
Commissioner weJl up in traffic mattprs
also. Very likely Mr. Jacobs will bring
the matter up ±or consideration before
some one of the commercial bodies in
this cltv of which he is a member.
An Orange Party.
The members <tf Court Yerba Buena of
the Independent. Order off Foresters will
on next Tuesday evening give an invita
tional orange party in charity hall
of the Shielfl building, and it announces
that there v.-ill be a good programme.
The court is making arrangements to or
ganize a co?.npanion court to be composed
of ladies, as the Supreme Court at its
last held ■.n'ssion, authorized the organiza
tion of vourts for ■women on the same
lines as those which are organized for
men.
Two Unhappy Wives.
Su',<s for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide have been filed by Emily
M. Baney against James F. Bailey and
\>-J Anna M. Crosby against Frank L.
<Jrosby.THIRTY SOCIETY GIRLS
IN STRING ORCHESTRA
£ CjpTi BOUT thirty society eiris of San Francisco have responded to the. ln- 9
♦ Iy, vitation of Peter C. Allen to form a string orchestra, the purpose of ♦
O — *\ which shall be a good rendition of first-class music. These thirty 9
.^ IT' \V young ladles organized yesterday morning at Young Men's Christian q
2 c Association Hall as "The Ladies'" Orchestral Society." and It Is ex- 4
o pected that before two weeks are passed the society will include about forty 6
4 of our most prominent society girls. The members of this organization desire ♦
O It to be understood that they will render only the best music, and their lead- Ocr,
♦ er, Peter C. Allen, says that he has not only selected the flower of San Fran- *
© Cisco's swell set, but that he was careful in choosing good musicians. 4
♦ Besides these forty active members the society will have an associate • o
9^ membership. Inasmuch as the young ladies desire to work in ttie interests ot +
O art only, it was decided to give two invitational concerts and one paid concert O
4 per season. The paid concert is to serve as contributor toward the fund from ♦
D which music Is to be bought. Only the best string music will be submitted to 9
♦ the orchestra, and for the concert to which admission Is to be charged some t.
9^ of the best professional talent will be engaged to assist. The society will meet 4
_ every Saturday morning at 10 o'clock at Sherman-Clay Hall parlors, which o
have been kindly placed at the disposal of the organization by Sherman, Clay ♦
O &■ Co., who are ever ready to encourage musical talent. O
♦ Peter C. Allen, the organizer and conductor of this orchestra, is a com- ♦
O poser of much merit, having published a number of songs, and Is now work- 9
♦ ing on a pastorale for two female voices and a string sextet, which promises *
9 to be a great success. This new orchestra must not be confused with the old +
O Saturday Morning Orchestra, which disbanded seme time ago. The young li- O
♦ dlrs are all very efficient musicians, who decided to devote their spare time in ♦
O furthering the Interests of musical art In San Francisco. °
♦ The membership consists of: Miss Jean Hush of Oakland, concert mas- 1
° ter; Miss Meta Asher, Miss Nannie Van Wyck, Miss Llpscher, Miss Alice 4
o eenbaum, Miss Laura Taylor, Miss Gladys Clement, Miss Alice Chlpman, O
4 Miss Etna Cadwalader, Miss Howlands, Miss Kate Johnson, Miss Ham, Mrs! ♦
o McDonald. Mis? Bauers, Miss Mary Donaldson, Miss Bessie Puhrer, Miss Ethel O
♦ Bunemann, Miss Estelle Bunemann, Mrs. Van Busklrk, Miss Mai Moody, Miss *
9 Etta Crowe, Miss Elizabeth Ames, Miss Leah lieckhusen, Miss Carol Wollner, 4
o Miss Leslie Trowbrldge, Miss Anna Hadsell and others. ' q
4 <■
RECTOR LAW IS
BUCK WITH A
NEW DEMAND
Asks More Pay and
Full Control.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Broadway, Oct. 21.
V. Marshall Law has returned and
tho Incident at tho Church of the Advent
■which the trustees and vestry declared
■was 1 ■-• n reopened.
Rev. V. ! Law sent the follow
ing letter all this afternoon:
"I arrived home by the Southern
Pacific this morning:. I n^ver felt bet
ter in n. nave had a splen
did vacation.
"I left S 'tli" loth of
July by tlir* o ■ • ■ Linen for
t Get our estimate on your^
order. A one cent**
(Vstamp will cover the ex-^
f*pense. It 's an easy wayr
rto save money. f
\ Patent Roller Flour J
V "Our Flag" r/ - 1L co rlr 7fiov
a brand. 5°' ID ' SaCK ' OC A
iNew Eastern Mackerel i
\ Lar -andfat. , nr )ri
f Regular a for 25c size. 3 lUr co^o
Santa Clara Prunes... .lb scj>
a New stock. Currd by Dr. Handy s \
V ; :orr-- well known all over the world. y
f Highland Eva p. Cream fj
A Pure and rich. _„ _ 1 A r i
V Thoroughly sterilized. Can IULf
A Regular 15c. A
Whole Wheat Flour )
0 K"°d me 10-lb. sack 18cJ
l making. Usual price 25c to 30c. a
Extra Soda Crackers v
\ 55 and 10-lb. box 30c!
iEastern Rolled Oats a
\ Kiln dried and steam __ Il__ O£,>\
A rolled. By this pro- IO IDS ZOCi
\ cess the natural iweetness of the \
A grain is prcenred. d
4LIQUOR specials: A
v Delivered from 735 Market only.
Golden Crescent Whiskey ?
V Bottled at distillery, v 4. /;_ "f
A i ovington, Kentucky. DOt O5C^
r Regular price 85c. r
Club Whiskey f
$ Re,u lars , 3 5. botsl.ls^
JTable Claret gallon 25cJ :
0 Quality as well »s price has pleased 0
a all our customers. \
Champagne \
V Arpad Haiaszthys r\..^ j. me V
A &co. yuart 75ci
T -'-■ '-- : -aJ> Dozen $B<x.T
(^JBi Pints 45c#
A Dozen $4.5 A
\ 735 Market St. H. T. Bhattuck At, B«rkrl*y \
m 1050 \Vn«!itngtnn. Oak Central At, Alamedi #
\ 9t)i * Wanhington, " 7th & Wood. Oak . \
§ & 12th & 13th At, " A
PETER C. ALLEN.
ancouver, and crossed the continent
on the Canadian Pacific Railway to
Chicago, thence to Bost in. Returned
by the Denver find Rio Grande and
Portland, home to Oakland. On my
trip 1 saw some of the grandest
scenery of my life In any land. It was
simply sublime.
"I don't know what I shall do. I
have absolutely no plans whatever.
"Next Sunday I expect to officiate
as usual in the Church of the Advent
as rector.
"I spent the summer In New Eng
land and had not a < .ire of any kind,
and often wished 1 might have B
ol my friends in the church to enjoy It
with me. I visited Boston, Providence,
Jamestown, Newport, Pawtucket,
Brooklyn, New Fork and several
places in Pennsylva
"I attendfd the Bishop Potter con
vention In New Y<irk City and saw the
Dewey parades. Admiral Dewey is be
ing boomed for President right along.
When they are not talking about that
it is all about the yacht ran-, i saw
the Columbia and Defender under full
Ball while on a steamer bound for Nar
ragansett Pier, right off Newport, Just
the instant before the Columbia hr'oko
her mast and had to be towed in. a
helpless wreck.
"V. MARSHALL LAW."
This Information when conveyed to the
vestry absolutely paralyzed it. Negotia
tions hay*. be< n ir.ade for the rector's
i -<sor and only three weeks ago the
released Mrs. Law from her re
sponsibility as organist and choir master
and took upon itself the duty. Only a
!• w daya ago Trustee Pope received a
letter from Dr. Law which he at i.rst
thought was a hoax, but he is now con
( vinc*-d that it was not. The letter was
from Dr. Law and stated that the vestry
must pay him a salary of (1800 per annum
I from November 1. must give him full
■ :>:rol of the Sunday-school, teachers,
rs and funds, and must also allow
I him to retain all of the communion alms
1 or rise lie would peremptorily resign on
November L
This violation of an agreement drawn
up between Bishop Nichols, Rector Law
| and the vestry has caused as much
• mem as surprise In the church.
agreement, in writing, made at the
time of the wide breach in the Church
of the Advent months ago, provided that
the rector should have a holiday to tne
end of August; that he should receive sal
ary to October 81. In consideration of
which he promised to hand in his resig
nation to Bishop Nichols prior to Novem
ber 1. Now it appears that the rector is
trying to treat,, the impression that he
is leaving the. church because It refused
to grant him his demands. Instead of
leaving the church because the vestry is
anxious to sever connections with him.
He does not say In his letter to The Call
that he will positively officiate as rector
to-morrow, but says he "expects" to. It
is not anticipated the rector will be t..©
cause of any trouble at to-morrow's ser
vices .Her. George Adams having been
invited by the vestry to officiate
HEWITT GETS GRILLED
BY A POLICE JUDGE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 21
Attorney R. E. Hewitt, who was con
victed yesterday of violating: the city or
dinances requiring cyclists to equip their
bikes with a bell, was sentenced by Police
Judge Smith to-day to pay a fine of $20.
Hewitt had been corralled by the police
In a recent raid on cyclists and he warned
Officer Lynch that the latter "made a bie
mistake" In arresting him, and that "yon
will hear from this." He claimed he had
a whistle on his keyring and that ho was
in the habit of blowing it at all cros.sinjj.s
but the officer and other witnesses testi
fied he exhibited but two keys on the ring
For such violations cyclists have hereto
fore been fined $1 as an example and
warning, but in Hewitt's case the fine was
fixed at $20. and incidentally the Police
Judfre virtually accused the defendant of
perjury.
"There were three reputable witnesses
who testified to the same facts In this
case," said Judge Smith, "and you took
the stand, and, under oath to tell the
truth, denied their statements. You con
tradicted yourself on cross examination,
not only once, but at least a hajf dozen
times.
"You are an attorney at law and under
oath not to mislead any court by willful
mlsstatement of facts, which you have
done; and I believe, as was stated by the
Prosecuting Attorney, that you willfully
told what was not true on the witness
stand. Now, It is the Judgment of this
court that you pay a fine of $20, or in lieu
thereof spend one day in Jail for each $2
of the fine Imposed."
Hewitt Immediately gave notice of ap
peal and filed a bond, with H. L.. Sims, a
stationer, and W. T. Aahley, a grocer, as
sureties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
EBELL LADIES HONOR
THE RETURNED HERO
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 21.
BRIGADIER GENERAL AND
MRS. FREDERICK FUN
STON were tendered a recep
tion at Ebell Hall this after
noon, to which Oakland society, despite
the frownlngs of the clouds, turned out
en masse. The affair was the first large
function given by the Bbell Society
this season and waa extremely fash
ionable.
The hall, under the direction of the
Misses Crellln, was most beautifully
decorated for the occasion. , Mosses of
cosmos and ferns were employed to
brighten the scene, and flags lent a
patriotic and military tone-, the na
tional colors being draped about the
platform, while smaller standards
hung from the walla. The vari-colored
gowns of the ladles, contrasted with
the more somber dress of the many
gentlemen present to help welcome the
Kansas hero, made the scene most
brilliant. The hall was darkened and
the gas lighted.
At 3 o'clock, the hour for the begin
ning of the reception. General and
Mrs. Funston arrived, accompanied by
Mr. and Mrs. Otto Blankart and Mrs.
W. O. Cullen, the parents and sister
of Mrs. Funston. They were escorted
by Mrs. Roland P. Gleason, president
of Ebell, to a place near the platform,
where they were presented in turn to
the guests, the receiving party con
sisting of General and Mrs. Funeton,
Mrs. Cullen. Mrs. Gleason and Mrs.
Vernon Waldron.
The general reception committee for
the society consisted of Mrs. W. A.
Childs, Mrs. Kate A. Buckley, Mrs.
Franklin Bangs. Mrs. I* S. Burchard,
Mrs. J. W. McClymonds, Mrs. J. R.
Scupham, Mrs. John Russ, Mrs. C T.
Rodolph and Mrs. Beth Mann.
MUD MIXED
UP FIGURES
AT OAKLAND
Ranch Won With Alicia at
10 to I—Three1 — Three Choices
in Front.
Threatening weather did not prevent a
large crowd of enthusiasts from traveling
across the bay to Oakland track yester
day. The track was muddy, which ac
counts, perhaps, for a reversal or two
and the downfall of three of the favorites
as well. The talent seemed to be in afflu
ent circumstances and the books enjoyed
the liveliest betting day of the season.
No doubt young Ranch, on the Oregon
mare Alicia, furnished the biggest sur
prise of the afternoon in the mile and a
sixteenth free handicap. She started ear
lier In the week with Buchanan up, but
that youngster was unable to make her
gallop. As pond as 10 to 1 was laid yes
terday and she led from start to finish.
k Morinel, the favorite, out four
lengths. Ward, on the latter, furnished
a wretched ride, losing half a dozen
lengths turning Into the stretch. New
Moon was also a disappointment, falling
to the rear before a mile had been cov
ered.
On Friday Dan Honlfc's Katie Gibbons
started In a race, wearing bar plates, and
showed no speed to amount to anything.
On that occasion she was ridden by fiac-
Closkey. In the opening event at seven
furlongs, the Buekmaster filly was asked
a a poor lot, the best being old Una
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAXLAMD RACETRACK. Saturday. October 21. 1899.— Twenty-fifth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
cloudy. Track muddy.
JOS. A. MURPHY-Presldlng Judge. J. B. FERGUSON-Starter.
1QO FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-old b and upward; purse, $300.
— " " " ! ' ' ~ Betting.
index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op- Cl.
190 Katie Gibbons. 3... 114 1 14 ... l Hi 1 8 14 Thorpe 8-5 9-5
175 Una Colorado, _.. ..109 2 8 1 ... 2 3 2 8 2 8 T. Walsh 4-5 8-5
IRS Ban Carlos. 4 109 5 < ... 5 >,, 4 8 3 4 Elliot 20 30
185 Silver Maid, 6 ,109 3 2 1 ... 8 2 3 1 4 4 Garcia. 10 20
167 Bonlbel. 3 109 4 4 2 ... «> 62 «l J. Y\ard .... J 12
177 General Arthur. 5.. 114 « 5 2 ... 6 6 6 F. Bennett.... 20 60
Time—1!!. :14: *'.. — *%: %. 1:07%: %. l—tit. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, D. A. Honig'a b. f.. by Buckmaster-Dady Winston.
Katie won eased to a walk. Others outclassed.
|QO SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; year-olds and upward; purse, 8300.
- T "~ T — — Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. , Cl.
190 Rio Chlco, 3 106 1 ... m 3 3 3 1 1% Ruiz 1-2 1-2
161 Magdalene.. 3 106 1 ... 18 18 14 2 4 Songer 8 5
121 Jack MeCabe, 3 104 « ... 5 6 5 4 4 1 3 8 Morse „ 20
1SS Billy A. 3 104 4 ... 2 2 2 4 II 4 2 Mounce 15 18
177 Sp't McAllister, .112' 7 ... 7 7 6 3 5 1 Thorpe 3 4
161 Tourist II. 3 104 5 ... 6 1 6 6 6 6 4 T. Walsh 8 7
103 DeerfOOt. 4 109 1 8 ... 4 1 4 1 7 7 J. Ward 30 50
177 Shannonette. 4 109 * | Henry 12 25
•Deft
Time— Vs. :12U; %_ :S6H; %. 1:06. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. B.
Sink Jr.'s ch. g.. toy imp. Chesterfleld-Jennle D. V;, : "-'- -:.
Magdalene* nearly made a runaway race of it. Chlco Just got up in time. Billy A
stopped. Sport won't do. Tourist will bear watching.
Scratched— Starling 109.
t(\A THIRD RACE— Futurity course; two-year-olds; purse, 8300.
" r - T ~~ | Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. %m. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
_ 172 Alee HO 1 ... 2 Vi «2 2 2 3 16 Mounce 4-5 4-6
172 Jolly Briton 102 4 ... 6 4 10 4 8 2 5 Morse 8 15
Giro 110 5 ... 12 13 11 8 8 M. Bergen.... 6 20
173 Gundnra 107 3 ... 3 8 3 8 3 4 8 20 Ruiz 8-5 6-5
... Infinity 107 2 ... 4 8 8 6 6 J.Ward 10 25
Time— To :23; to H. :48%; short %. 1:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving Winner, T. G. Ferguson's br. c, by imp. St. George-Levee.
Alee is a good one. Jolly Briton outfooted first part. Giro and Gundara stopped badly.
Inflnltv could not run a whit.
Scratched— Mountaineer 110, Slsquoo 102.
• q^ FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; free handicap; three-year-olds and upward;
S «_/£>• purse. $400-
" ~ ~~ j * Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
186 Alicia, 6 90 2 In ... 12 12 14 Ranch 7 j 6
176 Morinel 4 108 6 6 ... 2h 2 1 2 6 J.Ward 1 6-5
lift V A Flnnegan, 4.. 96' 3 8 h ... 4 1 4 2 8 1 Buchanan .... 10 20
185 New 'Moon 6........ 100 I 2 8 ... 3 6 8 8 4 10 Mounce 6-2 11-5
186 Snips. 4 98 4 4 J ...5 6 6 Coburn 7 6
T^e—l-lK. :07\4; 5-16, :31'A; 9-16, :57Vt: 18-16, 1:25; mile. 1:44\: 1 l-16m. 1:52. Good start.
Time— 1-1G. :07Vi: 5-16, :31Vi; 9-16, :67Vi; 18-16, 1:25; mile. 1:44%: 1 l-16m, 1:52. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, P. Moore's ch. m., by Malcolm-Viney.
Alicia turned a somersault with ten pounds off. Ward on Morinel loat lengths by a
wide turn Into stretch. New Moon quit. Snips had no speed.
Scratched— Glen Anne 94, Rainier 97. .''-;;!% ? ''■$- .,
jqa FIFTH RACE— furlonga; handicap; three-year-olda and upward; purse, 8400.
IUO. ' ' j
— : " ' Betting.
Betting".
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. ■ Mm. ■ %m. Str. . Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
178 Imperious. 4... 100 2 ... 3 6 8 4 3 8 1% J. Ward....... 7-5 9"5
170 Sorrow. 4. ...95 1 ... 4 4 4 2 1 Buchanan .... 6 7-2
( 78) Etta H. 8 107 3 ... 2h .IHv.lH « 10 Thorpe 1 5.5
181 Negligence, 4.. 98 4 ... 11 11 2 Vi 4 jKellas 1 5 8
Time— Vi, :2D»i; H. :52%; %, 1:19%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g.. by Morello-Helen Scratch.
Imperious superbly ridden. Thorpe made altogether too much early use of Etta H. Sor-
row wretchedly ridden. Came like a bullet when the shouting was over. Negligence ran
away before the start.
Scratched— Sallle Goodwin 96, 1 Don't Know 98. ■ ' ■ '■--'::"-'■.
1— 6IXTH RACE— mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
I«t7 * • ■ - ■ '
T ~ — I ' I " ' •'. • . - Betting.
~ " 1 ~~ " j"Bettlng.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. - %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys.. Op. CI.
(191) Dovdal. a.. 107 1 12 ... 12 12 " 110 . Thorpe ........ 4-5 9-10
184 Monrovia, a.........l04 7, 6 V4 ... 42 48 I ns • Johnson ...... 7 10
(184) Tenrlca, 4 104 8 82 ... 2 '4 21 34 T Walsh ... 4 6
• 178 Merry Boy. 6 ...104 4 . 2h ... 82 32 46 Henry g 9
ISO Donator. 4 104 6 7 ... 5 Vi Bl 5 6 Morse... 4 8
... Frank Jaubert, 6.. .104 2 4h ... 6 3 61 62 J. Martin...... 6 5.
191 Roadrunner. a 107 5 Bl. ... 7 7, ' Coburn ....... 15 10
Time— :27; Vi, ;53; % 1:20; mile.' 1:46. Poor start. Won easily.. Second and third driv-
ing. Winner, Burns' & Waterhouse'a ch. h.. by Wlldidle-Free Dove. . . .. .. • . . ;
.Dovdal won by himself.' Monrovia had a stormy passage. W alsn on Tenrlca went to
pieces last part- -Too far for Merry Boy. Frank. Jaubert tired early. ;
From 8 until 8 o'clock the gallant
■oldler and his bride greeted those
who had come to honor them. Gen
eral Ftinston, a little more grave, a
little more military than when he
sailed with his regiment from San
Francisco for the Philippines, was In
full uniform. Mrs. Funaton stood at
his right and was gowned In pink silk,
with a lace overdress. Her paleness,
acquired under a trying Oriental sun,
made her seem prettier though less
girlish than when she left for battle
ecenes to be near her fighting hus
band. Mrs. Cullen was In yellow silk,
and looked most charming. Mrs.
Gleason was In black silk; Mrs. Wal
dron In gray.
Refreshments were served at half
past 4 by a coterie of ladies under the
direction of Miss Josephine Klein.
They were Mrs. Milton Bulkier, Mrs.
Tyler Henshaw, Miss Catton and Miss
Jenkins of the State University; Miss
Pope and Miss Ethel Gage. The re
freshments consisted of frappe, coffee
and fancy cakes. While the guests
were enjoying the menu Alfred Wil
kle, the tenor, rendered "Amo" and as
an encore "The Sword of Bunker
HIM." Mr. "Wllkie's voice has re
gained Its past beauty and strength
since his very severe illness, and his
singing was greatly enjoyed.
Though It had been informally an
nounced that either General or Mrs.
Funston would speak for a few mo
ments during the reception neither
did so. The general, modest as he Is
brave, Is not overfond of speech-mak
ing and would rather face a Spanish
or Philippine battery than an assem
blage. Mrs. Funston was excused
also. She is very tired with the long
voyage and has been compelled since
her return to refuse many Invitations,
Colorado, a 3 to 5 favorite, and did It
most impressively. ••Peach" Honig de
cided to dispense with the bar plates, and
Katie won with Thorpe pulling up to a
walk The favorite led San Carlos out
eight lengths for the place. The winner
was heavily played shortly before post
Flvlng Magdalenes showed some of her
old-time speed in the five furlong spin
following, Just missing beating the 1 to 2
favorite Hlo Chlco. Songer had the mount
on Magdalenes, which was backed from 8
to 5 to 1. and when the barrier was releas
ed she shot to the front, opening a gap of
eight lengths between herself and the
field Tiring perceptibly as the wire was
nearefl, she began backing up, and Ruiz,
who bad ridden a very persevering race
on the favorite, earned the decision by a
scant half length. Billy A as usual had
speed, but failed to stay. There was a
well developed play on Sport McAllister
at short od.ls, but the veteran sprinter
seems to have soen his best days.
Garnet Ferguson's good St. Lee colt
Alee annexed the two-year-old dash with
out great effort. The youngster, with
M ounce in the saddle, closed a 4 to 5
choice and won all the way. Much was
expected of Gundara, the 6 to 'i second
choice, but after showing some early
speed the filly suddenly dropped out of it.
Giro piloted by Mike Bergen, cut <iuite
a dash out in front to the stretch, where
he began stopping and lost the place to
Jolly Briton.
Imperious, the bay son of Morello. cap
tured the six furlong handicap, after a
hard battle with Etta H and Sorrow.
With different rides both of the last
named mares might have beaten him.
Thorpe rode Etta H. which had a com
manding call In the ring, and he mad.' en
tirely too much early use of her. Chas
ing off after Negligence the first part of
it his mount began wobbling badly the
last furlong from the fast pace traveled
and was overhauled by Ward, with the
leg up on Imperious. About this time
Buchanan, astride Sorrow, came with a
ru«h. compelling Ward to ride out hard
to win by three parts of a length. It was
the only pretty finish of the day.
The concluding mile selling run resulted
In the easiest sort of a victory for Lovdal,
only yielding In the present case be
cause of her deep Interest In both
Oakland, her old home, and her regard
for her friends and her desire to meet
them all and her wish to comply with
any request from the Ebell Society, of
which her sister. Mrs. Cullen, Is a
prominent member.
The fact of General Funston's op
tional orders for the Philippines, re
ceived to-day, was the only dampen
ing phase of the reception, for the
rain evidently deterred no one. Mrs.
Funston, however, pronounced the
showers most appropriate to the news,
for she will see her husband return to
Manila without her with deepest re
gret.
Among those present at the function
were: Mrs. George Wheaton. Mrs.
Granvllle Abbott, Mrs. Ada Van Pelt,
Dr. and Mrs. Rodolph, Dr. and Mrs.
Crosby Hyde, Professor Bradley of
the State University. Miss Geraldlne
Scupham, Miss Scupham, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Friend, Councilman and
Mrs. Rowe, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Wll
kle, Mr. Wilkie. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Mrs.
E. M. Herrlck, Mrs. John Adams,
Mrs. Arthur Thomson, Miss Mollle
Connors, Mr. and Mrs. Giles Gray,
Miss Mabel Gray, Mrs. Frederick B.
Ginn, Mr. and Mrs. Anson Barstow,
Mrs. Huff, the Misses Huff. Mrs. An
derson, Mrs. Harvey Fish, Mrs. J. M.
Merrill, Miss Babson, Mrs. TV. T.
Veltch, Mrs. Goodcell. Mrs. Arthur
Poole, Mrs. Henry Chlttenden, Mrs.
W. W. Standeford, Mrs. Richard Der
by, Mrs. O. P. Downing, Mrs. Frank
Watson, Mrs. Dr. Morse, Miss Gray,
Mrs. Frank L. Brown. Mrs. W. G.
Henshaw, Mrs. E. M. Hall, Mrs. Paul
Lohse, Mrs. Crlttenden, Thornton
Crittenden, J. W. McClymonds, Mr.
and Mrs. William R. Davis, Mrs.
Frank Moffitt. Miss Annie Clay, Mrs.
S. B. Cheek.
the favorite. The Burns & Waterhouse
horse made a gallop of it from the start,
winning by ten lengths. In a fierce drive
little Johnson brought Monrovia up In
time to down Tenrica a nose, for the place.
Track Notes.
Miles Finlen, the wealthy mlneowner
and horseman of Butte, Mont., was a
spectator at the track yesterday. Mr.
Finlen Is the owner of the useful per
former Lucky Star and over a year ago
was credited with cleaning up $20,000 when
that horse won at Chicago. C. Christy,
a mining man of Anaconda and a lover
of the horse, is also here on a brief so
journ.
When Rio Chlco won his race Willie
Sink had to stand a $200 raise. Entered
for $200 the gelding was boosted to $400 by
Johnny Cavanaugh, acting for Book
maker Phil Archibald. An old difference
in money matters caused the trouble. '
Dan Dennfson is expected almost any
day now at Oakland track from Montana
with the immense string of Marcus Daly.
After the sharp improvement in speed
shown by Katie Gibbons in yesterday's
race, over her noticeable lack of that rac
ing necessity "n the day previous, Trainer
"Peach" Honig and horses and Jockey
McCloskey were suspended pending an in
vestigation.
Trainer Fretl Edwards was also cau
tioned by the stand to be more careful
about starting horses not ready to race
In future. The improvement displayed by
M.iMialenes brought about the censure.
Ed. Powers, a very competent horseman
aa well as turf correspondent, has receiv
ed the appointment of patrol Judge for
Tanforan Park.
The conditions of the new California
Jockey Club Futurity will probably be a
revelation to the Western turf * world
when Issued in print. It was decided yes
terday by the management of the Oak
land Association to give the same amount
in added money as that in the great
Eastern Futurity, usually the richest
stake of the year. It will thus eclipse all
other stakes ever contested for in this
section of the country.
Negligence was oveVflowing with speed
yesterday. As he came out of the pad
dock the sprinter ran away the reverse
way of the track with Kellas, concluding
by jumping the fence near the six furlong
starting post. Both horse and rider es
caped injury.
For More Sports See Page 8.
WILL COMMENCE
ACTIVE CANVASS
FOR SHE FUNDS
Alameda Out With a
Challenge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 21.
Money for the purchase of a site upon
which to build the free library is coming
in very slowly. Up to date only $7200 has
been pledged, and the lowest amount con-
Bidered necessary is $30,00% For the past
two weeks nothing whatever has been
heard of the project. No meeting has
been called and nothing has been done
publicly.
G. Russell I,ukens. who took the initia
tive in organizing the site fund commit
tee, says that some of the members have
been out of town and that accounts for
the apparent lack of energy. They have
now returned and the matter is to be
taken up in earnest.
There is still an. opinion prevalent in
some quarters that it would be better to
place the library to be built with Mr
Carnegie's money on one of the public
squares. J. H. \V. Sohst, a director of
the Merchants" Exchange, has made pub
lic his reasons why the library should
be placed on l,ineoln square. Some of the
City Councilman also favor this idea
which seems to be advanced more be
cause it would do away with the neces
sity for raising money to purchase a site
than for any other reason.
It is about concluded that the matter
shall be left to the Board of Library
Trustees and they shall select a site and
approve the plans. When the matter was
first heard of much haste was shown in
every direction, but for the past month
little has been heard of the matter. Ala
meda, which has a site and has been prom
ised by Mr. Carnegie that he will give
the final $10,000 toward the erection of any
building they may decide upon, has pro
claimed that she will collect the neces
sary money before Oakland, which has
had two months' start, shall obtain the
money for her site. The manner in which
things are working at present has caused
Alamedans to declare that the odds are
now in their favor.
"The matter is going along all right."
Bald G. Russell Lukens. "and we shall as
soon as possible decide upon a plan of
canvassing that will include the whole
city. At present over $7000 hafl been prom
ised, mostly In large amounts. This Is
not a matter, however, which could be
attended to by a few people Everybody
should consider it a privilege to subscribe
toward a handsome free library, and the
work of obtaining subscriptions should be
so arranged that everybody would be
given an opportunity to subscribe. In
a few days this matter will be well un
der way. We are losing nothing by do
ing a little thinking as we proceed, and I
may say that many available sites have
already been thought about by those in
terested in the matter, though of course
nothing definite has been decided upon."
BODY FOUND FLOATING
NEAR OAKLAND MOLE
OAKLAND. Oct. 21.— The body of a
man, supposed to be G. Bergold, appar
ently about 45 years of age, was found
floating In the bay, just south of the Oak
land pier, this morning. The discovery
LADY SHOLTO DOUGLAS
IS BACK ON A VISIT
LADY SHOLTO DOUGLAS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 21.— Once again Lady Sholto Douglas Is In California.
Her ladyship arrived early this evening at the home of her mother,
Mrs. Margaret J. Mooney, 1419 Linden street, this city, direct from
Glasgow, Scotland, whence she sailed on the sth Instant. She is
accompanied by her little son Bruce Francisco, lord elect and heir
prospective to the Marquis of Queen sherry's estate.
Her ladyship returns with a decidedly English accent, yet a manner un
assuming and far from that which so frequently marks the transition from
the ranks of labor to wealth and title. The environments of Lord Sholto
Douglas' mansion at Cheltenham, the comforts and ease of a titled lady
with many servants at her command, and the necessary association and
mingling with lords and ladies of the Knglish aristocracy have not les
sened her love for the land of her birth or its people, or the comparatively
humble home of her mother and kin.
Before her ladyship married Into the family of the Marquis of Queens
berry she was Miss Loretta Addis-Moon^y. a music hall songstress of con
siderable talent and versatility. The story of how she first met Lord Sholto
Douglas at Bakersfleld, while she was there in a music hall; of how he met
an English rival In the attentions he lavished upon her, and how the young
lord's rival had hoped to accomplish a coup by having the lord arrested on
a charge of Insanity; f/ouglas' release and his victory and final marriage at
San Jose nearly five years ago, has all been exploited, and even now her
ladyship feels keenly the newspaper notoriety accorded her love affair at the
time.
Lady Douglas left California a little over three years ago and -went to
British Columbia, in accordance with the wish of the Marquis of Queens
berry, who desired that an heir to the family title should be born on British
soil. After the birth of little Viscount Bruce her ladyship and Lord Douglas
went to England.
There has been a little doubt as to how the Marauis and Marchioness
would receive the little California girl who was mother to the direct heir to
the house of Queensberry. In England there are many ideas regarding vau
deville artists and singers, but Lady Sholto soon convinced her august father
in-law and mother-in-law that if California does not produce titles It sends
out women with an Independence and womanliness that make them the peer
of British aristocracy. The old Marquis welcomed the little singer warmly,
and at once declared that little Bruce was a worthy scion of the line that is
6o closely identified with the world of sport.
Her ladyship was met at Benicla by her brother, Augustus J. Mooney;
her sister, Margie; her uncle, J. W. McNeil, and a small party of friends. She
was quite fatigued from the long Journey, but cheerfully assented to give
6ome of her impressions and views of domestic life among the English aris
tocracy.
"Oh, It Is so good to be back In America again, and particularly In Cali
fornia," said her ladyship. "But really, the past four years have been the
pleasantest in all my life. My husband is very pood, and I like our home at
Cheltenham very much, but we spend a great deal of our time at the Mar
quis' home In Cadogan place, London. I've been through England, France,
and Scotland, and I think England is delightful. I sallrd with baby Bruce
from Glasgow on the sth of this month, while Lord Sholto is hunting In Eng
land. We arrived in New York last Monday, but we stopped there only
about four hours and hastened right on to my old home in Oakland. We
both enjoyed the trip very much, but are quite fatigued. We are both
very well otherwise. Bruce had been suffering from a cold, but the ocean
voyage did him good, you know. And now I suppose you would like to know
how I was received in England. Well, I can only say that I got a very good
reception from all sides. Now, there you are, and if you misquote me, re
member it is going to be different from what it was last time, when so many
unkind and ridiculous things were printed about us. This time you'll hear
from England. Why. It was perfectly outrageous the way the papers went on
about us. Why, one woman writer said I had big feet and shoe-button eyes,
or something to that effect, and really I sometimes feel a little prejudiced
for the many unpleasant things said about us.
"But, after all, America is my home, and although I'm awfully fond of
England' and English people, there's no other country like America, and
particularly California. Indeed, I love America, where the people are good;
but, really, when they are bad they are very bad. And, don't you know, now
that I've been away several years— away from all those reporters and news
paper people that do not run after you In England as they do here— it really
seems ridiculous. In England they don't fuss about whether you're going
to live or die; but here they're after you continually, particularly if your
name is adorned with some title.
"We Americans are an independent nation," she continued, "and don't
think anything about titles; yet they always run after people of title to
learn about their private affairs. They ask you is your husband delicate and
has your baby five fingers just like everybody else's baby. Oh, it's absurd!
The Americans pretend not to care for titles, yet they always gloat over the
visit of such as have titles. Really, of what importance am Ito the American
people? I'm just as much theirs as they are mine. I may have more servants
now and a larger and more beautiful home and every comfort in life, and I
may have attended many more social functions In London than here; yet I
am sure I will find it really more comfortable in the old home of my girl
hood."
The overland train carrying her ladyship and son was due in Oakland this
forenoon, but was nearly seven hours late. So greatly fatigued were the
travelers that almost immediately after Lady Sholto Douglas had been greet
ed' by her mother in her old home she retired and would be seen by no re-
P ° r iler ladyship will sojourn in Oakland until about Christmas time, when
her husband is expected to arrive, who will accompany her on the Journey
Mrs Mooney is simply delighted with her little grandson. "He is th© Jol
liest little baby in all the world," she said to-night, "and I'm proud of him,
as I am of his lordship, his father, who loves Loretta and who has always
been good to her, as well as to all of us."
was made by J. H. Peacemaker residing
Francisco, which bore the name of Q.
Bergold, showing that on October 12 the
latter had paid $1 to secure a position as
dishwasher at $15 per month. There was |
also a card of C. R. Hansen & v., em
ployment agents, San Francisco. No
A Belt With Merit
— v That's the kind of a Belt you want If
/4 >v you expect It to cure you. When you buy
/ & J<\ a Belt, buy a GOOD cne or none at all.
f/ t vS$l Go where BELTS ARE MADE— to a firm
/ : '/ 4«5^ firSlii* °' es * a -' J^ sri ed reputation, whose word and
w%} 3 %***^S promises amount to something, and then
v- j/**™ you w^^ be able to get what you want.
-^f\ • » and at a fair price, too. There is no hum-
\ V^^O" X bug about Dr. Pierces Electric Belt. Any
&%&Ja\'''*'^*t: one wno has ever tried it knows that. It
<4*m& does not fall 10 pieces ln a few weeks > as
< i«B^^^' others do. It Is warranted to be as repre-
SS«wSM^S^ fionted - Buy no Belt tul you see " DR -
lilWraiil PIERCES." r.o Belt till you see "DR.
IIWWWISw Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
•^^^^S^BHHB|l» our " Book No - 2 -" Address -
o^^Hl? PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
DR. PIERCE, Inventou
. 620 Market Street, opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
■■,--..;.. - - - ; j . ■■■■:■-■■.
money or valuables were found
Deceased wore a dark blue suit white
shirt, without collar or necktie and gaiter
shoes. He had a heavy brown mustacha
and brown hair, slightly bald. His height
is 5 feet 8 or 9 inches and weight about
ISO pounds.
The remains were viewed by parties
who identify them as those of a man who
worked several days at Rooney's Restau
rant, on the mole. It is believed that do
ceased committed suicide through de
spondency over lack of employment.
1516
BAH FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San FTacei«e
Cn'.V corner of Market and Third streets, open
cntll :: o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-^OT it n*g -r.-ry street,
cirt.^r C^ay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ifX Haves street; cpen until S:3> • '-'--It.
CSS McAllister street; cpen until 5:51 o'clock.
t:: Lirfcin street; op»n ur.tll 5:30 o'clock.
1541 M.ff'.cn stn>c-t; oren until 10 o'clock,
'.'J.\ Market street, ccrrer Sixteenth; open
cntll s o'clock:
; ••' Eleventh street: cpen until *- o'clock.
\(f< Valfnc'.a street; cp*n until 9 o'clock,
Ncrthweit cerr.<r cf Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky Kreets; cp^n until 3 o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES.
ii AT ?hi Stt>a*ge:js' Sabbath Howe
t (ti-) Howard St. Methodist- Eplscopil
v - S Chuidi Bet. ad &»d Srs. Sea's Free.
; Pev. Dr. lohn A. B. Wilson. Pastor
ijn • • Res. fcv ih» Church. Tel. Black g*i.
JwJ iAj ffi t\ nnfortable seat /
tjZi," * T'UIL A ! .I * -ir*-nus preetirg c Await > m
iiLJ iSiJS vlyrdlal weJcome j
r K- \&'f .'»'• 11 .-A- ••!., funeral ■' George H.
Jg ■ E-J4 \3-\ Woodbury; i»rmon by the pastor
fSrt&Krhfe! on "The Life to Come"; an-
Worid'-' fStflner); Dr. Nobie will sing
VCrcsflr.'g tbe iiar": Mrs. ike Priem R-is-
sell. a celebrated sepmno from Los Angers,
will sins "I Know That My Redeemer Llv--
eth": tM u!!l also t\rm at nljrht: Suaday-
t- ■!. • 1 ;:.2'>-Mr. Dor.alfiscn's normal and
; -. tor's H!U<? cla*s: £:30. young p«^,p!<*'s
rally: e\-erybody welcome; ~:VK t>rais» ser-
vir<r end sermon on '■Thlnfß That Remain."
THE First Unitarian CharctoJ southwest corner
i.Wry and Franklin etc. Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
mlnU-^r emerttus.; R*v. N. J. B. Schu!«-
Th« Sunday school is at 10 o'clock. Tbe
morr.lnß service is at 11 o'clock. Dr. Steb-
) Ins will occupy the pulpit All are cordlaily
Invited. Th»re .'.a r.o evening serrlog.
CaIa'A.RY I'rpsbyt-riar. Church, cor Powell
and 'J'-ary f«.". Rev. John Hempblll. D. D.,
lifistor; eerviCMi at 11 a. m. and " » p. m. ;
ti le p. :r... ••P»"r:ill&r People" Music a. m..
-Ye Deuni" to). P. 13. Sparks; offertory.
"These Ar- They," Gaul: soprano eclo. Mrs.
KuEle Hert-Mark; music- p. ■■•■ ■ anrhem,
"Bonum F.M" dt>. J. S. Camp: offertory
•■l^cl. Kindly L'Rht." Arthur Suilivan. All
nr'- cordially Invited.
GRACE M. E, Church, oar. 21*t and Capp sts.,
H< v. J. N. R«-ard. D. D., pastor: uiKlng
at 1! a. m. by the paetor: subject "Free-
.: m": Sunday-echool at 12:45 p. m. ; Epworth
League at 4:7} p. ni.; preaehlnjr at ::2>J p. :n.
iv the pastor: subject "Tii^ Faith Factor in
].:''•"; teachers' meeting Tur-s. eve. at 7:45:
prayer meeting at 7:30 Wednesday e-ve^
TRINITY Church. B'Jeh ar.d Gough sts.— The
RlEht Rev. H. C. Potter. B!«hoc of New
York, will preach In Trinity Church to-day at
the 4 r- n-.. strvlce. All ore welcome.
il\ ALBAN'S Church (Episcopal) meets every
! Sunday momlne at 11:15 at Golden Gate
}^-::. 623 Eatter st.; SunOay-school at ID a. :
m. 1 ; all are cordially welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Church. Mission St.. bet.
Cth and 7th: the pattor. H*v. S. D. Hutain-
I Illar. wlli preach mcrnlr.fr and sven and
afl<sress the Sunday-school and Y. P. Soele-
tles; prayer ire^tlng Wednesday evening.
iEVKNTH-DAT Adventlit Church. 914-916 La-
gur.a Ft bet. McAllister ar.d Golden Gate aye. j
- Elder J O Corliss, pastor. Sen-ices: Sab-
bath (Saturday), Sabbath school at 3:45.
preaehlnx at 11 o'clock. This evening at 7:30
o'clock tbft pastor will speall on the subject: ;
• "The V.'ond'rrful Iricri-ase of Knowledfce as a
Sign of -he Last Days.'; Following the dls- j
course the crilnnn'-e of baptism win be ad-
roinletered. A special invitation extended to |
Etrangor3 to be [res'int. Scats froe. j
REORGANIZED Church of Jesun Christ, 320 j
Post *t.: pr»-achlrK 11 a. m. by C. A. Parkin: j
text, "No man cometh to the Father but by
m ■"— lla.-.'s condition in unbelief and In be-
lief, or tru<> acc-ptar.ce of J»—i3<s Christ a* the j
way. the troth ar.d the life: preaching 7:30 ;
;■ ru . ; this church claims to be preaching j
••• restored srospel of Chrlit. i
A- OCIATION Auditorium. Mason ar.d Ellis;
!■■>.: rceetius for men only to~da>- at i .
o'clock; address by Rev. MacH. Wallace, |
* . ■■ r "Th« Making of a Man"; next T les- i
d iv evening at Mechacics' Pavilion farewell j
: epti n to the Tv»r.tl<'t!'. Kansas; music by
'.'. S. battleship lowa band a.rA Twentieth j
Ka.-.'as regimental band; General Phafter and j
i>:aff -.vIU review th» reclment: l»3t oppcr- j
tunlty to publicly rrcet this famous • ~.»nt J
EVANGELISTIC m-etlners— iT haiu. T.tt Flx-
t'<--r.tii. t!;:s afternoon, at 3, a me«t!ne for
« .': »•:»?.« t.-::i be held: also th€: Gospel cf
Ood's Grace will be pr^arhel at 7:4.", p. m.
;:-.-•■:- ■-•-. Dr. Matthews. Mr. .T. Campbell.
Ti< : -'. 1 'I.- r -.rl.kal Society; lecture to-night; ;
corner Seventh and Market *ts. : "Tme H»k'- '
!.--'. T;.- •;s.;;.hically Cor.sidpred." by Mrs I
:.';.ry O T. Wltmot; Lotun Circle 11 a. m,;
Inquirer*;' classes Tuesdays, 8 p. m., Thurs-
■iayg, 'i:l<> |-. m.
3IEKTIXGS — SUNDAY.
FJiEI" lecture thiE evening . at I o'clock en
"Ix>'.e. Courtship ar.l .Marriage." by Dr. J.
I ; -'.v \\*.TJ,z:t (ot Drs. K. At K. 'B Electric
Kanltarrum). Nt CryftaJ Hall. i"ythian Castle.
SCS Market ft., followed by magnificent i!!us-
tratlor.s of "Ait «n1 B"auty." ar.cient ar.d I
i..c:'r:.. Ta6!>* alt'-niJir.c this lecture may
procure :■.',< :k.'r:<"t» :o the wonderful X-ray I
exhibition tnt t(;» Sanitarium, corner of Mar- i
'k< t i~!\1 Mason tui'., on nsdjn 1 evening next.
AT Prof. Gee's spiritual m»etinp. 2 and 6 p. m..
satisfactory =r»-r;t i«»l and b'lsiness test; arti-
cles read; Questions answered. A. O. I', bldg..
V.2 OTsrr-11. liuslo Ly Prof. Shrafl. 10c.
A . Dr. l::n»s' Spiritual Society, 509 Market st. ;
11. it^f, 2-S, 10'j; Mrs. Vigere Seeele?. Ollllng-
ham, Davlson; ail Tests. 335 McAllister St..
Wednesday, i p. m., free; collection.
SOCIETY of Progrerjive Spiritualists, Oecl-
dental Hall. cor. Larkln and McAllister, Sun-
day al 7:3'> p. m.: ep-aker. Mrs. ii 8. Llllle;
subject. "Evolution In Religion."
JOHN SLATER— Grand lean i to-night. S:U
f sharp, haJl. 609 Market st : messages and
question* answered; admlislor. 100.
MISSION Progressive Lyceum anniversary en-
ftfcrtalnm^nt Wedrorday evonlng, Oct. 23,
Mission Opera Hall. 2121 Mi«ilon st.
C. V. MILLER'S sal I zing and materlallz-
flnrt s^inc? to-night. I o'clock; Wo. 439 Leav-
er-worth tt.
AT Eberfcardt's Hall, convincing teats to-night,
10c 2260 Twecty-eecor.d it., hot. Mission and
Valencia.
EDWARD EARLE. th<» noted psyohlo, at Scot-
tlFh Hail to-::ight, in his marvelous tests; 10c.
MIIS. MARY EVAN returned to 142 Sixth St.;
circle lOo; Pun.. 2 and S p. m. , also Mnn. eve.
KATIE HeiisFmaxiri's sittings dally, ': cvm-
lal circles Friday eve.. 25c. 641 Jessie, oft 7th.
MRS. Harland's test rlrrl« to-night: articles
read, l&c; business readings, |L 34 Sixth.
MRS. C. J. MEYDR. trance circle tt>-day. 2-S p.
M..?:o; test to all; rftadlnirs dally. 335 McAlst.
A COTERIE of psychics! upeaklng, readings.
testa. 117 Larkln. next Wednesday, 8 p. m. ; 10c.
KATIE HEUSEMANN'S meeting Monday eve.,
ICe; tests to all. C4l Jassls St., off Seventh.
LADIES' aid entertainment and danca at
Occidental Hall, Friday evening; 10c.
EOL'L cultuin mc-etlnß, , r .21 Turk- free; Mrs. A.
N. lle»rd of Boston speaker; 7;. V) p. m.
MRS. MEN A FRANCIS] inT^jpenderit slate
wrltlr.ff medium, US Haisiit st. ' ■ -
J.i:i 1 ".!."■- -I a I versa.] Itrotherhood.
THEOPOPHICAL Society In America. £19 Mar-
i:t-t St.— Lecture to-night. "How Bi-st to Help
Others," by A. ltoblnson; International
Brotherhood J^agii<- Tuesday night; a special
r-iiiertainiiunt d-r Cuban relief fund; Bxoel-
lent programme, ndrlressen. music, reclta-
•-■:■■•■• No admls.Hlon foe.
MEEI im; XO TICKS.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -_*—
No. 16, K. T, '.■. Kuter Officers {Si*
arid members of ihlg commandery are Kjl
hereljy ordered to ussfinble at tha 'Ef'
asylum In full uniform on SUNDAY, »
October 22, nt 1 o'clock, for the purpose
of at'<*n»llnjr the funeral of our lata frater.
Bin HK.VRY D. ROBERT!
JOS. C. ' I BELL, Eminent Com
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA ls><\r,e No. 1, F. and A. T~~
M. — Tlje officers and members of the J\
above-named lodge nro hereby notified i£\t
Vi attend the funeral of our. Inle/V*
brother. VERNON CAMPBELL, In King
fioloinnn's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS DAY
(.SUNDAY), October 22. at 1:30 o'clock p. in.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, V. and A. ■
!M.— Officers and members are respect- ,^%
fully r»«|UPfted to assemble SUNDAY, "»jf
Octol<<-r 22. at 2 o'clock p. m., to attend /V>
|h»» funrr.il of ItI'.OTHER HENRY D. ROB-
ERTSON, lute •■■ii,).'; of Howard Lodge No
?C, Yr.k.-i. Cal. THEO. FROHLICH, Sec.
ORDER Eastern Star, Ivy -Chapter No. 7
27— The officers and members of thin Mf. v
chapter win np-<emljlc at Mnsonlo Tem-^^r
ll- THIS DAY (SUNDAY) at 2 p. m.. l*"+
to Htfiid the funeral of Brother HENRY d.
KOBEKTSON. By order
LYDIA A BTEELE, Worthy Matron.
MEMBERS of Cosmopolitan Lodge --u"''iil-'f.
:•-. IS4. I. O. o. E., will a."wm-|J^S&
Me »t their hall SUNDAY. ix to- = *55SP5^'
ber 32d, nt Ip. m.. to attend the '7/l** >
fuiifrrU of our late brother P. 0.. JOHN
_JI A £' T -_ 1 . 5> L or<s< ' r - W. U. MEUBBR, N. U.
'■""■' ■' " Z^BSsßn'-JhsHssMlß
the a^9^Hß9fflil>>%'* I
' <ir la| * iC^I^^HVR
;\s i; j^^V Br^4
REYNOLDS, from the '^^ •
hall. TO-DAY (SUNDAY), October 22, at 10:30
a. m. Funrral delegation lake notice.
JOHN F. PINKHAIt, Marshal.
MEETING NOTICES.,
| OFFICERS and members of Bt. v 57 >t,
Andrews Society are requested to \M $J
attend the funeral of cur iate "VivXl^
member. VERNON CAMPBELL.
on SUNDAY, October 12. at 1:30 p. m.,
from Masonic Temple, cor. Poet ar.d Mont-
gomery sts.
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
ALEXANDER PATTERSON. Secretary.
THE California D»bris .Commlssicn. hivine re-
ceived applications to rr.ine by the hydraulic
process from Henry 11. Meyer, el als.. in the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, ' ear Downle-
vll> Sierra County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Slnnott
»nd F. M Spencer. in the Hopkins Creek
Taillr.e Claim In Goodwin Towr.«h'r>. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek:
and from James C. W*st, in the Kagie Gulch
mine. In Butt* Co-ir.ty, near Etrawh»rry % al-
ley to deposit tailing in a wwked-ont'plt,
glre* notice that a meeting will te h«ld at
room £3. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. ,
en October' 11, JSr«S. 9t 1:20 p. n;.
..^____ — ; '
ANN'" neetlni Anr.'ja! m»»t of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the offlce of the company. 127 Market street, j
In ths city and county of San Francisco, I
1 Stat« California, en WEDNESDAY, the t
«-• *ay of October. 1559. at the hour of 11 j
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a j
board of rectors to f'rvo for the ensuing
! year, ard the transaction of such other busl-
f)/. s «';>« tray c<--me b«?for» the meeting. Trass- |
fer book* will close on Saturday. October 14. :
| U:-S. at 32 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secret ry
ACCOUNTANTS.
8. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits *
adjusts sccounts. Icr corporations & flrrr.«: ref.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognised brightest as- ;
ftrologer In America: th. sex and 13 PROF.
p«-cts. Send -iate of birth, sex and 120. PROF.
SERRANO. V. O. box_ :.235. Boston. Mass.
ATTORNKYS AT LAW.
j ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
! Icie building; no advance charges; a:! cases;
■ estates, mortgages, damages. collect!
kmptcr. wills, etc.. drawn; moderate
fees; call or writ".
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. XT.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn. j
! NOAH F. FLOOD, m Market St.. opp. Mason; |
I consultation free; moderate fees
i L. S. CLARK. Emmi Spreckeis building, K~ \
| Mark- consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law. Emma
Spreckeis buildir.g. 527 Market st.
ADVICE free- no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON '--" Market Et.. opp. Mason. '
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange. '
WHITE &«»ncy. 14«4 Market St.: a few '99
wheels v." mechanical repairing.
BICYCLE REPAIH.S.
THO6. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth. !
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND BOOMS.
MARKET, IW»A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
and excellent management; MRS. II C. ROH- j
INBON. formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny !
suites, very desirable for families; first-class |
tab!*; quick service; reasonable rates: family |
suites a specialty; American and European I
plan.
EDDY. 128— United States Hotel; room« $1 50
week up. with beard $5 50: suit for two with I
board. $12: board. $4 week;- meals, 25c; ele- j
vator run? all night. \
A NEW family hotel. SO7 California st., occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church. :
"BELQRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites; ■
best board; for 2. $43 up; single. $2 rt . I
LEAVENWORTH. 215— Sunny front rooms; ex- :
ce'.>nt tab'.e board; desirable location; reaa.
CFARRELL, 605, cor. l^eavenworth— Elegant j
eunr.y rooms with ard; beautiful grounds; j
reasonable; enres. !
ijFARRELU 742— Clean comfortable rooms : su- j
pT'.or table beard: bath: p!ano: reasunable. \
PINE. 1222— Handsome family hotel: sunny !
rooma; suite or single; refs. Miss Hntchir-son. j
POWELL. 30" (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites I
ar.d tingle, with cr without boariJ. j
' POWELL, SM.CThe Waldorf)— Furnished suites ;
j ar.d single, with or without beard. j
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
1 FURNISHED or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, north of Market St.. close In; r»as<-n- j
able and respectable. Address box B. Call
branch '",'■. i'A Hayes st- ■
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
I
ACCOMMODATION for 2 or 3 small children; !
mother's are and home comforts. MRS. C !
L. DE MONT, 513 East Eleventh «.. Oakland. !
GOOD beard for one or two children; excellent |
home. 3343 Army St. j
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hclmes Book Co.. "04 Mission st. . near Third. ,
■
BOOTS AND SHOES.
LADIES' best rubbers. He and 35c; men's
boots. $2; children shoes, Roc up; ladies' |
shoes, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store. 1393 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
INVEST
INVEST
INVEST
INVEST
INVEST
INVEST
INVEST
INVESt
INVEST
INVi
INVEST
INVI
INVEST
TOUR
YOUR
YOI
YOUR
YOUR
YOUR
YOUR
R
YOUR
V' >l"R
TOUR
rouß
tour
MONET
MONEY
NEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
MONEY
WHERE IT '.vim.
MAKE MONEY. •
MAKE MONEY.
MAKE MONET.
MAKE MO]
MAKE MONEY.
MAKE MONET.
MAKE MONEY.
MAKE MONEY.
MAKE MONEY!
$20 INVESTED IN THF
FRANKLIN SYNDICATE
FRANKLIN SYNDIC
FRANKLIN SYNDICATE
FRANKLIN SYNDICATE
FRANKLIN SYNDICATE
FRANKLIN SYNDICATE
WILL NET A PROFIT OF
VM A TEAR.
SUO A YF.AR.
»Ktf> A YEAR.
lIM A YEAR.
llOfl A YEAR.
A YPIAR
llWl A YEAR.
noo a yea n.
$K0 A YEAR
tI(M A YEAR.
PROFITS •
PAID EVERY SATURDAY.
PRINCIPAL GUARANTEED.
Can refer you to clients* of Ions: standing.
• We pay all that can be safely earned.
10 P'-i> .-■•:• Id T'ER CENT— IO PER CENT
10 PER CENT 11 PER <"ENT 10 I'KK CF.NT.
10 pirn CKS'T- 10 PER CENT— IO PER CENT
ilO PER CENT- in PER ("TENT 10 PER PENT
10 PER CENT 10 PER CENT— IO PER CENT
10 PER CENT PF.R CENT -10 PER PENT
10 prit CENT I'ER CENT -K> I'Ei; cent
10 PER CENT- PER CENT— IO PER Pent'
'10 PER PENT 1" PER CENT— IO PER CENT!
Paid to thousands of customers weekly,
WM. F. MILLER,
WM. F. MILLER,
WM. F. MILLER.
144 FIiQTD ST., BROOKLYN. N T
144 FLOYD ST., BROOKLYN. N. V
144 FLOYD ST.. BROOKLYN. N. Y.
BARBER shop; * airs, 1 bath tubs; very
cheap; must sell on account sickness; jfood
trade. M. BttIGHT, South San Francisco,
Pun Malao County.
BUSINESS and residence property. In town,
Al.imcfla County; Rood buildings: largo lot;
| price $2000. 11. 11. CRANE, 410 Montgomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
BUSINESS ( AMES- Continued.
GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca- j
tion: best class cash trade; good horse and
wagon; large stock; fine fixtures and cafe: '
cash register; sickness. M. LESS. 765 Market. ,
{37o — Restaurant, near car bouse and 3 car lines; :
big regrular trade: Saturday and Sundays large j
transient; living rooms. M. LESS, 705 Market.
J4JOO— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market '
St.: magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear I3C-0 monthly; trial given' If
you mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market at. |
$2tO— PAYING branch bakery In the Mission;
4 living rooms: receipts from Jl2 to M per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M LESS, 765 Market.
JSOQ— GROCERY and bar: fixtures cost tIOCS;
fresh stock: Invofco J#Yr f25 dally: must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO., 8% Geary st.
A— ISK-O— BEST restaurant in mining town of ;
£000 population; receipts $00 dally; 6-room fur-
nished dwelling. KREDO A CO.. 22>i Geary.
A— S3»— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms
opp. depot; half hour's ride from city; flue
business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO 4- CO.. .. j Geary st. !
IK*— FIRST-CLASS ciafar stand; wholesale dis-
trict: most be sold this week or. account
other business. JONES. M Market st.
S.VCf— BTTCHER -.op: doing business $23 to $3:
day; ICC route customers; I horses; 2 wagons; i
great Eacrifice. JONES. 465 Market st.
A— OROCERY: flrst-class corner: good loca- i
tion: muet «ell; sickness. COWING & CO.. |
SSS Market st. !
A— FIRST-CLASS *aloon on Fourth «L: bar-
gain this day; $173. COWING & CO., 995 Mar- .
ket £t. ;
COUNTRY store, and warehouse business. !-
the be*t lection of Alameda County, for sale, ,
consisting of sf;r<». general merchar.d!«<e, well
selected; fnll stock cf fresh goods (or a large
trade; lease long tern-, at low rate; grain j
warehouse, with a mill for croshir.c feed;
a!fo lumber yard; this is the principal busi-
ness In a railroad town; it is an opportunity
ffldom met with for a good business man.
and -'.!'.; bear the closest Investigation. For
full particulars apply to H. H. CRANE, 410
Montgomery st.
RARE chance; sell one-half foreign Interest In
good patent; used by all mechanics: can be
produced cheap; want money to put sajs« on
market; J6W cash: best references. Owner,
box IST?. Call office. ;
$2000 CAN : - made within fifteen days by my
profitable plan of sptculatlon In 'Wall st.
Write for Information immediately to
THOMPSON & CO., bankers. 60 Broadway,
New York.
MT'ST sell; old established ranch bakery, sta-
tionery, notions; cheap rent; living rooms;
mo. receipts J3CO. WINSTON & CO., IC2S Mkt.
$500— RESTAURANT; rent $25; dally reclptß
$3i\ Address or inquire of J. H. LIVER-
MORE, T'MiiT. 719. Emma Bpre^kei? building.
FOR sale— Fruit ar.d vegetable store, on ac-
count of going away; no opposition; cheap if
taken at once. Address box 811. Call. J
BUSINESS established six years; requires
more capital fine opening for right man. :
Confidential, box 576. Call office. j
WANTED— Partner with $300, to take half In- ;
terest in paylog man-order business; splendid
chance. Ar"..lr*«!< box 2533. Call. j
HOTEL men attention! — We have good hotel ;
propositions. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. IWH
Market st., near Sixth.
SIM — OLD established florist shop: doing proa- [
perous business; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT on Third st. for sale cheap:
am compelled to leave city. Box "IS, Call.
FOR eale— Candy and notion, store; 2 living i
rooms; ■•• $10; bargain. 1712 Howard et.
PARTY with $100 can make JlOOO In 90 days; '■■
legitimate. •'■ x 990. Call office.-
GOOD-PAYING rooming house, for cash; 18
rooms. 133 Hyde st.
DO you want to get In on "the ground Boor" In |
an oil well? Address G. W. PHELPS, 500
Eafe Deposit bidr., San Francisco.
$200— PAINT shop: estab. 40 years; good stock; ;
fine tocls. R. WILLIS. »2« Washington st.
PRIVATE boarding-house: 25 boarders: 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1344 Call.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half interest in ;
horse, wagon, furniture, broodera. chicken
feed, etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
S7C, Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms a! its for 3 families and 1 stores below;
ail rested; barroom rent free. Apply 721
Front st. Price low.
PARTNER in cheap and useful Invention, or j
will sell whole or part Address 511 Eighth. ,
P.ESTAURANT, good steady trade: 2 living
rooms; cheap rent. Apply 813^ Natoma st. ■
CIGAR store; very cheap; good location; cheap '
pent: owner desires to go to country. Box :
357, Call. j
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon, central
location: for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
FOR sale— One of the best corner liquor More*
and saloons in Vallejo; new and complete In ■
every particular: electric lights; 1 block from i
principal wharf; fixture* complete; select
stock of goods: ready for business at once; !
pries $1000: rent reasonable to food tenant.
Call on FRED HOLLMAN. Hollman House. I
Vallejo. &0. I
FOR Bale Liquor store, established i* year^;
retiring from business; 28-room house »nd
store to let: fixtures and stock will be sold
cheap; lons lease If desired; suitable for j
grocery, drug Store or hotel. 1152 Howard '
St., cor. Snmner. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
51200— CORNER grocery and bar; good corner:
established 19 years; good trade: stock new
slid c>an; cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business; lease If desired; stable
on premises. J. D. ROHR'S, 662 San Jose :
IT*., corner Valley st. ■
$2500— ONE of the beet located drug stores in
the city; clearing $200 per month: celling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box 844. Call office. i
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns- !
wick; doing rpler.dld business ; must sell on I
account of death; $5200; terms, half down, j
re»t on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland. |
$450— FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent |
bears Investigation. Inquire 2«9 Third St.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster house op-
posite ferry; established 25 years. Boat 221,
Call office.
HALF or whole Interest grocery store: estab.
12 years. Call 1310 Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
LUNCH place and variety store for sale;
cheap 2474 Mission st.
1600— PORK and delicacy store; $30 day; trial
(riven Box W. Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 200, '""all office.
WOOD and coal yard: established; pood loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 755. Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission it.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AMI WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business bugiry.
Dew; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods storps; away. 828 Harrison St.
ALL kinds of wagons, btiprries. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EOAN ft SON. 2117 Mission st.
IM SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
hugglep. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send .to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 333-357 Tehaina St.; tel. S. 40
CITY Btenm Carpet-beating Works. G. 11.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth St.: t»I. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4&3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie M 4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; t«l. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden j
■;.-■•'• are.; tel. East 126.
l LAIKVOYANTS -AMI m lldllALlMl.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop- I
erty: locates treasures an.l minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future, I
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction !
Kuaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with Fiieclsl terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
'*M. IKB LARfJE AD ON PAOIS T.
ATTENTION! Your f«te Is In your hands; If
you want a lot of Information the best clair-
voyant and palmist in Ood's creation Is Mrs.
Dr. Saylor; full name and description of fu-
ture husband or wife; L. 25c; (J. EOc; mall $1;
send date of birth. 1511% Market St.. opp. Van j
Ne*S£ cut this out; It appears Sundays only. '
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth nt., near -Mission. i
MRS. WEST, trance medium nnd healer. 1208 I
Market, par. 14; mall with $1 and stamp ans.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. Kir; card reader;
past, present, future, 26c. 148 Sixth St., r. 18. |
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
A— MISS JUDITH B. DWTER.
The distinguished clairvoyant and medium;
those la trouble or wish to know their future
should consult this gifted medium: she gives
dates, (acts and figures, reliable and import-
ant advice on all matters of a legitimate bus-
iness nature; mining, lawsuits, wills, deeds,
mortgages, eld estate, lost or stolen property,
lost relatives or friends; marriage, separa- i
tion, divorces. Unsuccessful business men.
unhappy lovers, will find Miss wye* a true
friend who win use her power, which is |
higher than human, to help them to success
and har.;.::^;;. Miss Erwysr wishes it dis-
tinctly understood that she is not to be
clashed with the fraudulent Impostors who
deal In charm*. An interview with her will
convince every skeptic that ?he has nothing
in common with that class of self-si -
mediums and clairvoyants. Miss Dwyer grad-
uated under the highest professors in occult-
lam and la master of the power by which she
can reveal your entire life, also "the lives' cf
those In whom you are Interested. Full life
reading by mall. SI; from lock of hair or
photo; satisfaction guaranteed: reds ■ fee
to the poor. Parlors I and 4. 317 Market st.
N. B— Always pleased to give the highest j
personal references,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance j
test medium, life reader and medical clair- ;
voyant; sittings. ii.
The Kick Diaenoaed Free.
Come and Be Cured.
By her wonderful rev* tied remedies and "new ■
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
cbacure diseases.
.- he has the ■. vine gift of se ni sight and
can show you the tvay out of trouble, physical I
or mental, arid give you health. 221 Stockton ,'
St.. between Post and Geary. Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment. ;
MME. A. CERVANTES. the celebrated Span- \
ish fortune teller; best a- .- . c In difficult
matters. 8 Hayes gt.. room 7, second floor.
MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed: hours 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L. 5Cc; G. $1. «124 Eddy st.
MADAME a CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes »t.. room 7. Eeeoni floor.
MRP. K. S. AITKENS. 120 McAllister st, flat '
1. test medium; sittings daily.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slatewr'.ter. ,
330 Ellis st. ; seance Scottish Hall. Sun, night, j
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business !
vice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed: j
Be; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th Ft. !
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; sittings !
dally; test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c; 2. 8 p. m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry. 2£c; truth cr no pay. 1149 Mission. j
PROF. G»e— Medium; ads, M.C fl:t«>st, circles ;
Tues.. Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
YOUR future t«ld by cards. 25c; daily. 19 a. m. {
to 10 p. m.; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 106 Larkln st. i
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth gt,
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent Ofncg and factory. 21 Br«--r st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
Wb successful. Room 310. 927 Market «L
COTTAGES TO LET.
JONES. 2052 — To rent, cottage of 4 rooms and \
bath; hot and cold water; rent 1 4.
$15— SUXNY »ottaee. S rooms and bath. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON. 1706 Market st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— By a German family of 4 adults.
cottage or flat cf 5 rooms and bath: no car?;
no music, no noises of any kind. Address 7.,
box -'<:. Call. ____^_ '
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T s HIGOINS dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe 7.'inka»d— Ti>eth extract-
ed without pain by the ate cf electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local ari;ie»th<?tios ap-
plied to the gums; the best B'ii most artl--'.lc
dental work at reasonable prices: pure gold '
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from jOe;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated nnJ
filled or crowned n-ithcut pain: plates that fit
from $4 JO up: flesh colored plates from $3 £0
up: teeth without plates a specialty; op;n
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for pa'.n>!;= dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, remores ;
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 j
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. Esc; crowns, $3 60; platen. I
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth et.
AT th- ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SW Mar-
ket *t.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 "• up: plate*, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday*. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.- WILLIAMSON, MD. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 'arrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. 13; received 8 first
prlr.es; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free: the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 120< Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAX VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no stii<!»ntg. 337 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., c graduate opera- I
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutsch<>r 7-Jahnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work; prices rea«. : gas; crown £ bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211, Examiner bldr.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. T. Dentists. 067 Mission, cor. Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market it., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a piste. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES— and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye., cor. Bush,
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladtes Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 303 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dnTsmaklnc. BSJ Geary: dr>-s«»s
mad • $."> up; dresses made rver; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayrea' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches: the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-pjge catalogue free.
ENGINEERING School. " civil, electrical, min-
ing, mf-ch. survey.assnv.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full coOrse this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College, 1236 Market st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S
Business College. 305 Larkln st.,opp.Clty Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov. ;
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
SPANISH— True, thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. . M. Ruiz, 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Filllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 805 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, ■rithmetlc.grammar, writing;
day anil night: le-m* low. 10?4 Ml«slon nr.fith.
EMPLOVMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; !-.r-.isecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42« Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. B.Sf! Clay st. . phone Dbvls 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Krr.p. Agency; all kinds
hflp. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary Et.; tel. Grant i*.
CHINESK ami Japanese Employment Office;
bfst help 414H O'Farrell: tel. East 42«.
SAM Ki:r ;:•, Bush: best Chinese h^lp fur-.
n'-t.e«l promptly. Telephone Re.) 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation;
* understands French and German cooking;
good rer. MISS H. CULLINAN, 32.1 Putter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish conk desires a situa-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 gut-
ter st.
THOROUGHLY competent cook and housework
girl desires a situation; best city references.
MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Suiter St., Phone
Main CGI.
YOUNG lady wishes position as second girl
or general housework. Call or address 122
Noe st.
GERMAN lady wishes situation as • lady's
nurse. 4 Wh»elock place, oft Vallejo, bet.
Powell and Stockton. «
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position. S.
P.. box 2SSS. Call office.
ROOMING house wanted to manage by work-
ing housekeeper, or small hotel; city or
■ country; wages $20, $25; or as chambermaid
1 hotel, no waiting or washing; if call car fare
required. Box 2596. Call office.
WANTED— Position by refined experienced In-
fant's nurse; city reference. Call 1251 Hayes.
REFINED North-German girl desires position
as nurse or for upstairs work; wages $.0 to
$25. Call or address 661 Geary st., Monday.
LADY wishes' plain sewing and fine 111 ill Bill
ing to do. Call or address 257 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position in
wholesale house or office as copyist and type-
writer; first-class references. Address box
SS3. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants position as housekeep-
er or in a mining camp; good references;
good cook, seamstress. Call or address 315
Gutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER— Position wanted by middle-
aged German lady in gentleman's home; coun-
try. Box 265, Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer and
office assistant, desires position; best city ref-
erences. Box 245, Call office. .
REFINED young lady desires position In re-
spectable dentist's or doctor's office; under-
stands stenography. Box 245. Call office.
NEAT your:.? woman wants housecleaaing by
the day; $1 and car fare. Address J. 8.,
«2 Post st.
WANTED— Respectable, experienced woman.
with 6-year-old child, desires situation a*
working housekeeper or to do cooking or
light housework In small or ordinary fam-
ily; good plain cook: country preferred; near
school; wages 112 to Jl' a month: good refer-
ences. Address box 4 : 2, liny wards. Cat.
DRESSMAKER and designer would like a few
more engagements by the day. SI 50; or will
do work at home for same price; perfect fit
guaranteed. 421 Hyde et.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. MRS.
HAY DEN. US Hickory aye.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do house-
work. Apply IS Washington aye.. off Mis-
sion, near Ninth.
EDUCATED, middle-aged lady desires to nurse
invalid, be companion or do light house-
work: cheerful disposition; fond of children:
country no objection; terms moderate. Ad-
dress box 719. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's rraid or seamFtress; epeaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box 999.
Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as house-
keeper; reference if required. Call or ad-
dreiw 1147 Mission st., near Seventh.
YOUNG woman with references would like
housecleaning by the day, SI and car fare.
Apply iW Clementina St.. upstairs, near Fifth.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work in
families or at home ladles and "misses).
SISA Butter St.; telephone Larkln 562.-
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do chamber work and 'light washing, or care
of child and chamber work; best city refer-
ences. Box 233, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook wants a place in
private family. 610 Post et., upstairs.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, cr would take charge of
a lodging-house. Call Golden West Hotel,
Ellis St., room 27, bet. 1 and 3.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
Apply 219 Golden Gate ay».
CARE of 1 or " children: competent Protestant
girl; references. Address M. LIDDELL, 111S
Washington St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires position care of
children; good seamstress; good references.
1214 Wood St., Oakland.
COMPETENT person wishes place as house-
keeper, or would do upstairs work and sew.
Address box 45, Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements: would receive patients in her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara St., Third and Fourth, I oisom and Har-
rison.
MAN" or woman desiring faithful cultured com-
panion and worker, city or country, near or
remote, address box 293. Call office. . |
COLORED woman wishes day work. Address
box &21. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address 537 Howard st.
YOI'NG lady wishes position as stenographer
and bookkeeper in an office: position more of
an object than wages; first-class references.
Address box 999. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box
999, Call office,
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as an
Infant's nurse, care of children or laundress;
references. Box 817, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to 11 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EMPLOVMEXT WASTED MALE.
COMPETENT couple desire situations; man
first-claps carpenter and cabinet-maker and
wife flrst-cla.«« cook: city or country. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 gutter st.
— Gentleman with good connection
among miners In Nicaragua, Costa Rica and
Colombia desires to represent a first-class
house, handling portable hand pumps, wash-
ers, Winches, etc. Address, with terms, A. G.
CHOVIL. care Cartagena Railway Co., Carta-
gena., Colombia, S. A. ;v, '«•' ■:
POSITION wanted by discharged volunteer;
light porter in hotel, restaurant or saloon;
good knowledge of bartending; can give ref-
erence. BLAKE, 438 Brannan st.
MAN and wife wish work; wife good cook;
city or country- Box 2900, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can Jo cooperage repairing; references If re-
quired. Address E. MUTIN, 1524 Powell st.
SITUATION wanted by watchmaker who is a
first-class optician. Box 2805, Call office.
SOBER young Swiss wants to make himself
generally useful about place; handy with
tools: four and a half years last place; ref-
erences. Box 243, Call office,
YOUNG man having 2 years' experience , at
painting, wishes a situation. Address .Paint-
er, 614 Kearny st.
GOOD all-round cook and wife wish situa-
tions, wife to do chamber work or help in
kitchen. 108 Sixth st., room 17.
COACHMAN understands his business thor-
oughly In all branches; Al references; desires
situation as such. Address C. S., 1022 Jack-
son st.
STRONG, useful, intelligent man wishes posi-
tion as salesman, office work or heavy work;
salary small; highest city references. Box
264, Call office.
STRONG young man not afraid to work is de-
sirous of a position as machinist's helper: has
best of city references. Box 723, Call office.
YOUNG Danish man, single, wants situation
In private place; thoroughly understands care
of horses, cows and garden; best of refer-
ences. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st.
Oakland.
YOL'NG man (American) wishes a position
where there is no Sunday work; good habits
and California references. Box 864, Call.
SHOEMAKER, good all-round workman,
would like Job in city or country. Box 875
Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation at
housework and plain cooking. HANTA, 1606
Jones st.
POSITION wanted by experienced young man.
aged 28, as cfllce man, collector and book-
keeper: am quick, thorough, accurate and
industrious. Address box 29.'). Call office.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced cutter wishes a
position In a good tailoring establishment;
best of references. Address box 2534, Call.
ELDERLY man wants situation as cook or
ranch or help In hotel or boarding house
city. J. H-. box 2P7. Call office.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country-
man good porter; wife good chambermaid :
can give good references. Address box 43«
Call office.
WANTED— A middle-aged man would like po-
sition of trust; fully capable In any capacity-
good penman; flrat-class references. Address
box 991. Call.
YOUNG man. experienced nurse, would like a
patient In hospital or private house. Box 717
Call.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; all-
Bo U »"V a Can'°ofnce XPerlenCe; city preferred.
* Box iO9, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener, good horseman and
milker, wsnts position: handy with tools'
best references. Box 225. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809, Call. r-" ."J"'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and , Ken-
tucky i»ta. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
W Berkeley improved or vacant for
Improved Butter-st. business property, other
city lots; value $4000.
Wanted— lmproved farm. 15 acres up, bay
counties, for • desirable flats near park.
I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
$6000— Fine full bearlns prune orchard; 10
acres: no improvements: bet. Palo a. to ana
San Jose: will exchange for modern residence
near University. Berkeley, or San Francisco.
J. S. JOHNSON. 572 Broadway. Oakland.
♦0 ACRES fruit and walnuts; good buildings;
near Los Angeles: 18808 clear for property
around bay. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. '
CATALOGUE of choice exchanges free. Ad.
SCHWEINHART & C0..1007'-8 Market. ■:•.."..
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEOROT. MATER German expert optician.
107 m Market st . San Francisco; exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A— lltf SCOTT st.: 5 sunny rooms wit-
porcelain bath, washtrays. etc.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick — Modem
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
ELLIS. ISM— Sunny, modern, five- room flat;
bath;' perfect condition; rent $17.
FLAT huntins made easy with the printed
F i?: you get from BALDWIN &HO WELL. 10
Montgomery st. ,
FUTS 3311 and 3315 Twenty-first St.. near Va-
lencia; 3 rooms, bath and cellar each.
GEARY 1909 opposite Hamilton Square— Two
flats. 5 and 6 rooms each; upper flat reduced
to $12 50; lower to $15.
GEARY, 1917— 516; four nice rooms: bath; toilet.
gas; nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
HENRY. S3. bet. Sanchez and Noe— 4 nice,
sunny rooms; garden; rent low^
LEAVEN WORTH, 151&— Flat 4 rooms; gas;
bath; modern Improvements; rent $15.
MCALLISTER. 112?— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MODERN sunny fiat; 7 rooms; porcelain bath.
735 Ellis St. ,
NEW flat. 3239 Sixteenth St., to let; furnished,
unfurnished or the whole fiat.
SEVENTEENTH, 3570, near Guerrero— Lovely
sunny rlat; 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent rea-
sonable.
SUNNY bay-window flat: 5 rooms; bath, gas.
Improvements. 2046 McAllister 6t.; $15.'
TO let— 3 flats of 4 room. each. Key at 70
Clementina St.. bet. First and Second.
TWO sunny flats, 4 rooms and bath: $10 up.
$25 — Sunny flat: * rooms, bath; central.
GEO W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market
$B— FLAT of three rooms; large dry cellar. 62
Chesley st., off Harrison, between Seventh
and Eighth.
$12— UPPER eunny corner flat; 6 rooms and
bath. Apply grocery, corner. Twenty-fourth
and Florida sts.
$17 «-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
541 Castro st., near Nineteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOa SALE.
HEAVY matting. lCc per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
EOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway. ■
$250— FURNITURE of 6-room modern flat; 3
rooms pay rent. 972 Post st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1i27-U3l Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE anrl small lots; 200 roomsi country:
must buy this week. Box 764. Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. rays
the highest price for your Sa-har.'l furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture.etc.: highest
price paid; postal. M. Silver«teln.U2l Market.
t'CRKIKRS, FIRS, KTU
ELECTRIC e»al capes. Astrakan yoke*. $10 to
$30. ROHT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor
HELP WANTED—- AGENTS
OUR new holiday books Include a fine* line for
children; four shown in one sample; Illus-
trated books for center table; standard books
for the library; books make desirable presents
for ladies or gentlemen; all the war histo-
ries right up to date. Canvassers send for
circulars to THE J. DEWING CO., Flood
bidg,. San Francisco..
AGENTS— We will pay you $1000 a year, pay-
able monthly, and railroad expenses, to take
orders for portraits according to our in-
structions or commissions that will insure
you at least $10 a day; this la strictly salary
or commission. Address Manager, Dei • 206, |
No. 137 and 139 Grand St., New York.
WANTED— A bright man or lady to sell a fine
art and literary work; a refined money-mak-
ing position. Call at 1006 Yon Ness aye. bet.
5 and 10:30 a. m. and after 6 p. m. ; must
have experience and best reference.
$75 MONTH, salary, expenses; Ideal employ-
ment men and women appointing agents; our
general agents act as employers. MANAGER,
drawer 2>. New Haven, Conn.
AGENTS to sell Xmas books; 50c book 15c; $1
book 25c; $1 £0 book 50c; $2 50 book 75c; FER- j
QUSON CO., 452 Ffth st., Cincinnati. Ohio. |
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LA MAR, 21 First St.. San Francisco.
SOLICITORS wanted; salary besides commis-
sion. Consolidated Flavoring Co., 14<4 Mar-
ket St.. 2 to 6.
CITY agent wanted; male or female: Robinson
bath cabinet. W. S. BROWN. 426 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
GERMAN cook, $35: 2 German cooks, $30 each; |
cook, American family, $25; housework, Palo
Alto $25, Berkeley $25, Point Reyes $25, Ala-
meda $20, Oakland $25, San Rafael $20, Clarks-
burg $:5, Colma $20, Chlco $20. .Belmont $20,
and several other towns; 20 housework girls.
city. $25 and $20; 10 young girls to assist, $10 I
to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. ; |
phone Main 651.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, country,
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE, cook, country, $30. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cook, American family, $30. wash
front. steps; German cook. $35; cook, short dis-
tance, $30: 6 cooks, German style, $25 to $30; I
parlor maid and waitress, $25; chambermaid i
and seamstress, $25; laundress, family, $25: !
French second girl, $20: 4 second girls, $20; 2 I
kitchen helpers, $20; fancy ironer, $25, coun-
try, fare paid; 2 hotel waitresses, $20; 5 res-
taurant waitresses, $6, $20; housework, $20 to
$25, city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Sl6 Sutter st.
WANTED— hotel, $30, country: 2 board-
Ing house cooks, $25 and $30, city. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN * C 0... ..'PHONE GRANT ISS
Office open to-day (Sunday), 2 p. m. Two
waitresses, Fresno, $25, free fare: 2 wait-
resses. Fresno, $20, free fare; 2 waitresses.
Nevada, $20, free fare; 6 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, hotel, city,
$20; 3 chambermaids, city, $15 and $20; laun-
dress, country hotel, $20; cook, institution,
■ $25; 4 restaurant waitresses, city, $7 a week;
6 waitresses, $6 a week. C. R. HANS— _
C 0..-101 Geary st.
C. R. HANS— & COi... 'PHONE GRANT 135
French nurse, $20; second girl, $20; 2 working
housekeepers, $15; middle-aged companion
and housekeeper for old lady, $15; 40 girls for
housework, city and country, $25 to $15 C R.
HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT din Women's Educational and Industrial j
Union, 7 Van Ness aye.. near Market st ;
English, French. German. Spanish, arithme-
tic, bookkeeping, dressmaking, millinery, hair-
dressing, manicuring, mandolin, violin, guitar
painting taught for $1 50 per month; singing
and cooking $1 per month; female help sup-
plied, <
NURSEGIRL— Danish or Swedish preferred;
wages $S or $10. 2514 Sacramento st ; call
Monday.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
children; good home; wages $S, 1271 Clay st ,
near JoneE.
EXPERIENCED sewers on white work; good
wages; power. BAUER BROS., 31 Sansome.
WANTED— Underskirt hands. Apply at 613
Market st.
RESPECTABLE young girl t<j assist in light
housework; gocd hr.me. 344 6th. bet. 10 and 12.
WANTED— GirIs to work at dressmaking; also
apprentices at 234 Post St., room 10.
WANTED— Two waist finishers; only first
Class need apply. 406 Sutter St., room St.
WANTED— First-class skirtmakers at BCHIM-
. MEL & STOVER'S. 40S Sutter st.
GIRL for small restaurant and assist with
housework; $13 per month. 331 Bay it.
GIRL for housework: 3 adults; no washing*
sleep home. 1206 Polk st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators, Apnly
MEYERSTEIN CO., 23 Stevenson. 4th floor.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework-
need not cook. IS3I Eddy st.
WANTED— good cook; reference required
Call 1507 Washington St., bet. 2 and I p. m.
GENERAL housekeeper and cook; references
required. 1507 Washington; call 2 to 5 p. m.
WANTED— ladles as Instructors; ex-
perience not necessary. Apply 472% Thirteenth
St., Oakland.
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
' WOMAX— Housework; tend two children; plain
sewing; wages $15. 1515 Broderick st.
: YOUNG girl for light housework. 1749 Sutter
street. ,
WANTED— 4 ladies who want to make $13 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
' MCDOWELL'S dressmaking school takes th«
: lead: our well-known system of dresscuttlng
holds premium from World's Fair an gold
! medal from Midwinter Exposition; even thing
in the line of practical and artistic dress-
making taught: Imported patterns special,
cut to order. . MCDOWELL'S. m Post st.
WANTED— First-class tailoress; good wages.
j FRANCIS, Sutter st.
' OPERATORS on ladies' waists to take work
! home. 723 Market St., room 35.
I
' GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. 3W, Fremont st-
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chire* and will _!:e in several hundred more
operators on overalls: good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
_ — —
l APPRENTICES on shirts acd overalls: paid
X while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
t Goush and Grove st*.
I WANTED— respectable girl to help at
i housework in small family; $15 per month and
* increase. 1215 Bush st.
WANTED— Competent young girl to elderly
woman for light housework. 1317 Caroline st.,
Alameda^
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris Cloak House. IU4 Market.
WANTED— lor general housework; wages
$20. 15 De Long aye.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work ar.d good pay. 715 Market st.
! APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
; ers wanted on custom work. 609 Kearny. r. 2.
I ACCORDION pleating; factory: alt kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ MofTatt.
I A GOOD finisher on pants; good wage*. 509
Kearny St.. room 1.
j TAILORESS as pants finisher. 5*4 Kearny at.,
room 18. '
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. S. Laun-
i dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
i McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
J- thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st.«. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1055 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage x'> ■ -
HELP WANTED— MALE. *
: A— MURRAY A READY Phone Main 5?4_
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Call to-day (Sunday) from 1 to 2 p. m.
Help for Utah, Washington, Oregon, British
Columbia and all parts of California and
Arizona
harness maker for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shcp wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers slate splitters
lather.... sash and doer maker.... blockmaker
Ogle packer... iron mold'-r... granite cutter
$3 50, $3. $2 50 day come and see
; MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
j PUBLIC WORK BY SUPERVISORS.
12 laborers, fare $1 50. 6 months' Job, $2 !5
day; 12 teamsters, fare $1 SU, 6 months' Job,
' $2 day.
j MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63S Clay st.
; A WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 33 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
Vn men. for 60 different jobs
from laborers to run mact'nes
wage,, from J25 to $40 ar.d found
also lumber pilers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers, bark peelers, jackscrewers...
I woodsmen and mil.men of every description.
] $50, $75, $55, $JO. $45, $40. $30 and found; wood-
' choppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt makers,
1 picket makers, etc.. by the hundred!
i We pay MURRAY i READY.
; Your fare* .' 634 and &3S ay st.
! FOREMEN.... BOOKKEEPER.... BUTCHERS
i foreman, £00 acres vineyard, orchard, ranch,
I dairy, etc.. single or married, J7J and found;
foreman vineyard and ranch, Santa Clara
! County
j foreman dairyman $40 and found
foreman woedchoppers, see boss here; book-
t keeper for a ranch
but ?her for a ranch $30 and found
butcher, shop and slaughter, fare $1, $30 and
i MURRAY.' & 'READY," 634" and' CSS Clay'st. "
MURRAY a RE ' DV, 634 and C 36 Clay St.
! A— BIG WAGES
: 26 laborers, inside work $2 to $2 75 day
; 16 laborers, fare 50c $60
I 12 qaarrymen, country $60
; SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and coun-
try jobs. $3. $2 50. $2, $1 75 day; some by th-j
; day, others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY, £34 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. OTHER HELP.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC.
j 18 cooks $65. iCO, $55, $40, $30 and found
i 14 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $."». $25. $23. $15 and founl
6 porters, bell and elevator boys
7 laundrymen and pantrymen.. s3o and four.i
Coatmaker; broilers: secend. third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second; third hands ani
3 boys to learn baking trade: 540. $^. $25, $20.
i $15 and found; five cooks and wives or men
i together, $65. $55, $50, $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants,
private families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps.
Come and see us.
BARTENDERS
2 bartenders and wait, country hotel, $23 tn
$30 and found. MURRAY _ READY. 634-6 M
Clay st.
687 POSITION 3 NOt ADVERTISED.
5 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives,
$40 and found; see boss here.
Bcxmaker Crockery packers
edgerman. MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay.
ENGINEERS . Carpenters Blacksmiths.
Engineer, hoisting engine, mine $75
7 blacksmiths' helpers, $2 50 day; $35, $40, $30
and found; city and country Jobs
22 carpenters for a steady job for 9 months,
country $3 day
MURRAY _ READY, 634-836 Clay st.
A— s GOLD Mines 6 Silver Mines
IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, gold $73
IS miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
52 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $6',
11 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
Great Crowds MURRAY & READY
Going Dally 634-636 Clay st.
FARMS Dairies Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
5S farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady jobs $30, $26, $25. $20 and found
■ 12 milkers $30, $23 and found
12 choremen and hoys.. s2o. $15, $10 and found
9 stablemen, buggy-washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc.... 550, $»■;, $40, $35, $30, $ >> 3
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. "-*■*"
A— WE ship you free Railroad work
155 teamsters, laborers «•> a &v
,! MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
FREE fare Coast road Free fee
Teamsters and laborers: ship Tuesday C
R. HANSEN .v CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS nnd laborers for the Valley
I Read. $2 a day, free fare; laborers, city and
country. $2 a day; 6 rough carpenters 'for a
ranch, $1 50 a day and board; 5 rough car-
penters, city, $2 50 a day; harness maker
ranch. $30: 20 woodsmen, $_<; to $35 and far*
advanced: farmers, $20 and $26: milker*
choremon and others. C. R. HANSEN &CO '
; 104 Geary st. uu -
! FIRST-CLASS waiters for European plan
hotel, north. $50 and fare advanced- restau-
! rant cook, $55: second cook. $60; broiler $."5-
second cook. $50; bread and cake biker' $40'
third cook country hotel. $30; cooks 'city.'
V £ 7 nd ,^ sl ?. week: 2 Pantrymen, country
hotel, $20 and $25: upstairs porter hotel _s-
bellboy, hotel. $17 50: colored head waiter'
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
I FIRST-CLASS opportunity for active men to
sell Cram's Twentieth Century Maps- ordi-
I nary salesmen make $5 a day. E FOSTFR
! 208 Bush st., San Francisco." " jK|
SOLICITOR for printing office. 420 Montgom-
-1 cry St., room 33.
; FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted at ROLFS'.
! BLUM & ABRAHAM'S, 1103 Market «'t
I APPRENTICE wanted: wages after the first
two weeks. Hair Store. 112 Eddy st.
I GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
j any civil service or census examination with-
, out seeing our catalogue of information;
sent free. • Columbian Correspondence Col-
lege, Washington. D. C.
$250 A MONTH to salesman on new patent Oil
, Gas Burner for heating and cooking- quick
intense heat, perfection Burner Co D I3n'
Cincinnati. Ohio. ' " "■
WANTED— Crockery packer. Apply at 52 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; experienced In
| grocery or crockery business; give experience
references and wages expected. Box 250. Call!
WANTED— Boy who has worked in printing
office. Apply at 52 Market st.
BOY wanted to run elevator. Inquire 141-141
Fremont et.. Monday morning.- '
__g_g__^__f%. c a ofg Btate
WdSTis^sff *_£*• baker >- wto;f HELP WANTED MALE.
- yWt man to learn saloon business. SE.
" r Clay and Davis sts.; references.
VTKJ^- Wheelwright. O'BRIEN & SONS
fJoiden : it« aye.
. I,\ss enrver and a cabinetmaker.
\N .\ SCHIXDLER, 1309 Market ft.
c itmaker wanted by week. 410 Kearny
room X^
S n:: > -Pay cock and night dishwasher at !
• Turk n.
: NS--J. ~h7~Sllk"pXrD & CO.. Utor^ i
neys, Hearst b!«!g.. Third and Market, i
G man about 17 years of. age for office!
nust be quick at figures, STANDARD i
... i'ACTOKY. cor. Goush nnd I -ove.
iIARGED soldiers can get light work by i
.• .it ""•' Market st., room 20.
CLASS tinsmith wanted. 655 Mission
.LASS ladies' tailors; good pay; steady !
A. KAIIN. 142 Geary st. I
.: order cook and dishwasher at 1S?O j
«t. Call this (Sunday) morning.
; man to assist with poultry and
: opportunity to learn and steady iob >
■■-. -:!-.t party. Address with some parti'cu- '
: ultry Dom.. box 93, San Mateo, Cal. !
>— Night waiter at 111 Taylor st.
v;:i ■ —Salesman for dry goods and variety i
■ at 105 Fifth st. |
it salesman for clothing and furnishing '
I ouse. Apply by note box 722, Call.
EDrrDrwm, fancy, men's furnishing j
esman; nlso boy. 14 years, who resides I
hie parents. Box S6o, Call office.
STED^-Plannlng to visit every home In the
v s .tru! villages of America, presenting i
■• merits of our magazine, we will require ''
■ services of intelligent persons to show i
imples; liberal ccmif nsation and 63 Fpeelal!
ivards amounting to 51000 will be given; write
:■ particulars, sending 3 references. SELF-
ULTURE 3 MAGAZINE, Akron. O.
W or*n— Karbers' home; free employment !
ice; a social room connected for Journey- I
• ••;: bosses will be furnished free of charge j
:-h flrst-clasa help. 1203 Market St., near j
ighth; telephone Main 61.
P harnessmaker for the country. 400 Mar- ,
k-t st.
' . ANTE l>— Young man about 20 for office night '
■ rk : mu:?t be a geed penman, have good
ementary school education, quick of per- j
>ption, neat, bright and willing; good at
■d I nary arithmetic; no drones or thickheads;
.1 start for right party. Apply at 932 Van
fs. between 11 and 12 a. m.
V ' XTKD- Skirtmp.ker at SCHIMMEL & ■
STOVER'S, 408 Putter st.
A GOOD cabinet stock cutter wanted at
fILLIAM BATEMAN'S, 533 Folsom st.
your shoes half-so!ed while waiting; 250
• : v - 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
!'AI! - .S men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
ice. U2 Mission st., bop. Ist and M sts.
Tailcrs— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply j
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance, i
HA.-V LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st. J
\\ ANTED — A young man with large circle of !
cqualntances as salesman in piano house. |
: \ J?. Call office.
7. ■. N Ti:i>— l<X> men to try our 15" breakfast, I
dinner «r supper; best in city. 406 McAllister ■
ft . r.-;.r Polk. ■
;BERS" Protective Union— The only legal j
:-.:^ed union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
ployment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
"ITS to order on installments at cash prices,
.-: v.f.'< N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 113 Kearny.
V:' ; : . d hu.-tlers. not afraid to work; good
to rlcht men; salary. 200 Post Bt.
•—Laborers and mechanics to know
! liolkin. Rer.o House proprietor, still
i-nver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
ms: 20c per night; $1 to 52 per weok.
X to 1-crn barber trade: only - weeks re-
; ilred; constant practice: expert instruction:
:■ -tures i,n dermatology: Saturday wages;
• ill or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
ln 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wa£r»s: call cr write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
FIEST-CL'ASS ladies' tailor wanted as a part-
r.er to i;o into business; good opportunity for
the right man. Box 707. Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary selmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 2G Steuart St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. cc and 23c
per night. LlndeH, Cth and Howard: read. rm.
TRY A'-me House. 537 Market Et.. I ■ low Sixth,
for a room: 23c a night: $1 a week.
\VINCftESTER Hotel. 44 Third -v. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free j
'bus md taeirage to and trom the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be°n established at 1096 Va-
lnncla st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
AUCTION— WeII broken horses, direct from
tlv country; Tuesday, 11 o'clock. Ormonde
Stable. 1517 Mission St.. S. WATKIN'S. Auc-
_ '-''pneer. .
*0 HORSES fcr rale; also wagons, buggies.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
tl~ Sixth st.; auction tales every Wednesday.
'.IVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
EC HEAI' One draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1625 Market .-• . between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR a-le— A number of work, road and busi-
ness hon-cj. Tomkinson's Llvory Stable. 67
Minna St., bot. First and Second.
GOOD, gentle business horse: table for lady.
<.'a.ll Monday or Tuesday, room 1. SS3 Market. .
A WEEK'S news for o cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, tl per year. ;
— LODGING — FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
— OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE — !
14 rooms; $iOO cash, bal. $10 month $600 !
ii rooms: will sell at auction about price
asked for house; elegant 1700]
SI rooms; facing- 3 streets; only 10-30 j
3fi rooms: corner; rent JSO 1330
it rooms: n*-w sunny corner 1350
— MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
L ' ~; ING-HOUSE ivers— For genuine bar-
tain« and honest treatment call on
SCHWEINHART & CO.,W"''-i Market, nr.Cth.
OWNERS— I have a B iod fruit ranch to ex-
chan«<! for a lodsrSng-house; will pay cash If
nocd<--d. Address box 1347 Call office.
$4ro— BUSH, 421; furnished house of 48 rooms;
pas ani water: partner wanted; $225.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^MiTxTrTl) list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
a7m. f?"pEf r KX'co7c67 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1914 Clay: 12 R $73 2414 Pine; 7 H....532 60
1817 Broderick; 3 R. 43 1323 Pine; '. R. .. 27 50
1012 Geary; 7 R... .32 30 1?,?,3 Howard; 6 R.... 21
123 Cedar aye.; 5 H 15;2428 Geary; 6 R 20
ELEGANT corner residence, Puclfic Heights,
containing lame parlor, reception hall, o bed-
rooms, billiard-room, servants' rooms, large
grounds, etc; including all carpets, draperies
and billiard table. Full particulars at MAD-
ISON & BURKES .
$22 30—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
FINE 2-story house; sunny side; 7 rooms.
10SS Union st.
|
GUERRERO. 1119 -Rent $40; modern house of
10 rooms, bath and laundry; large yard; sun
all day. Apply at 1136 Guerrero et.
HOUSE hunting lade easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ]_
JONES. 603. near O'Farrell— lo rooms and bath;
V,2 60: suitable for rooming house.
LAGUNA 1717 and 1716 — Two sunny modern
houses, each of S rooms; bath; newly papered.
REDUCED to $48; 9-room lodging house; 313^
O'Farrell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
»os_siX-ROOM cottage; bath and laundry;
English tile mantels and all modern improve-
ments Apply on premises. 4116 California st.,
near Fourth aye. RICHMOND.
gU-^HOUSK of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 423 Fremont Bt.. near Harrison.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let for one year or more— Elegantly fur-
nished private residence on Sutter st., east of
Van Ness aye.; 24 rooms, including parlor,
reception-room, library, bllllard-room, muslc-
roorn, 3 bathrooms, etc.; large garden in per-
fect order; conservatory, etc. Apply for partic-
ulars to A. D. KEYES, r. 23. Chronicle bldg.
PO*T 1351, bet. Franklin and Gough— Fur-
nFsh'ed: S rooms and bath; large grounds,
lav.n etc.; low rent on lease, or will rent
unfurnished If desired. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
FCBMSHEI) HOUSES WANTKD.
MIDDLE-AGED married couple, no children,
want a furnished house for the winter; loca-
tion must be desirable and rent reasonable;
everything will be as carefully cared for as If
our own. Address box 2838. Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
n^hlf D r7 To 7nt a ,. niodcrn 8 to 12 room for-
Ad^s? iff »" O E,-?; lth 80uthe -- n exposure.
LOST .AD FOUND;
|I Rj^? r^ RD r' Ij ' buU tarrtw bHefc.
Return to l1 ™- store. S. E. cor. Clay and
B Kearny, sts, and receive above reward.
LOST Green purse on "Tlburon boat. 6 p. m.
trip to city. Return to 61! Minnesota St.. Po-
LOST— Tuesday evening. October 17 Vallejo St.,
near Buchanan, long gold stickpin, with a
star of Bmall diamonds and pearls, a star
s:ij pnlre in the middle; suitable reward. Box
SS6. Call.
!t*??T>T A black overcoat at Grand Opera-house
Monday evening. Liberal reward will be
g'vn if returned to 344 Grove st.
CIir.APKST anil be."t In America— The Weekly
Cnll. 16 pa pen, sent to any address In the
I '■'■■•■■• '.-•■■■■ postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
Mns. DR. iWYETH.'Uadles'i physician: (consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. Hi Post St.. botween
Hyde and Larkln; hours, in to ". < to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement borne; sunny
rooms; best of care': nice garden, DR. AND
MRS. WKGKNER. phone i'i::e 2751: residence,
W> Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DU. KOHL. la.lifV physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at oflloe, !j; hours 9 m. to 5 p.m.
DRP. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and IC>;.' Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at T. Eddy St.
MRS. DR. QWTER. ladies' physician. 510
R.lc'.y st.. bet. Hyde nil 1 Larkln.
HOME in confinement: treatment $■">: consulta-
tion free, MRS. ALLEN. 22S 'an Ness aye.
PR. POPPER. Indies' practical ;.hysician for
.'7 yenip. 31S Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIKS. ladies' physician. 12JJ
Market ft., bet. Taylor and Jon«9.
DU. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all d'.s-
ense« of the human body 115 Ma»on st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St..
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
ft . above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AND still another latest style nearly new seal-
pkln for $105. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
i avenue.
: RECORDS or charts I. O. O. F.. 10c each;
framed 75e up; 2 French beveled plate mir-
rors, one 40x5S Inches In 4-inch blrdseye maple
frame. $28: 1 unframed, 40x54 inches, $19.
JONES 547 Mission st.
12-GAUGE Lefevre hammerless shotgun. 415
Emma Bpreckels building; hours 10 to 5.
CEDAR hunting boat; sails and oars complete;
cheap. Call M 29 Mission st.
BICYCLE for cale cheap. Apply 1611 Waller
St., near Chutes.
FIX h. p. gasoline engine; also 15 h. p. portable
boiler, engine. KVogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson i"t.
FRAME building and stable for sale cheap;
has to be removed. Cor. Main and Bryant.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Mai ■ St.. 5. F.. Cal
i FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, "07 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5056.
IS HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; turn, bought. 244 Stockton st.
I DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
I gists, or Dog Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.
| POUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
! SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento et.
j A— s3 DO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
I ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny si . near Pine.
| BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
I sold. EIBEN. 111S Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doora. lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cueap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. G4S Mission. pays good commission.
j SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
1 boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines. lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.: pas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 13? Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog; small pre-
ferred: well trained: state price and where
may be seen. Address box 225. Call office.
j WANTED— To hire. ICO first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
| LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery si . upstairs.
WANTED -Chean for cash, a light hammerless
shotgun. No. 12 or 16 gauge. 1514 Broadway.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: t*l. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, irold dust, platinum and silver
bought H. Landecker * &>.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good r«curity; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we wilt
pay it and carry the loan at long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
yon will be watted upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-63 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
; removal: no commission: no delays. J.
! NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me:s."oto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages . "states In probate, undivided Interests in
! estates legacies and mortgages bought; ad vlc«
j and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C 36 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
I ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California st., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, Jewelry.stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
i A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLET. 5>2 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see IT. MURPHY. fiSO Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
I AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
FORTY years in business here has placed us
In position to serve you better than' most oth-
ers; a fine assortment of Hazleton and other
piano* at the lowest prices; a few used pi-
anos at great bargains; a Steinway upright.
Hard man. Chase Bros.. Arlon, Dewing Bros.;
specials for this week; squares from $25 up.
THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor. Flood build-
ing. Fourth and Market sts.
A FEW bargains for this week.
Three organs, $60 up.
Etelnway upright; first-class condition.
Fteck; nearly new; walnut case.
6 Fquareo. $40 up: $4 per month.
Four rew Webers; reasonable offer accepted.
One Chlckering; mahegany case.
]!':NJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
it, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1599.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
DURING rbls week we offer ail kinds of
musical Instruments at greatly reduced prices
to make room for new stock: get our prices
befor buying. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co..
769 Market St.
A DECKER & SON Piano Is the one to buy
when a first-class article Is desired. For Bale
only at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
FOR sale— Fine-toned violin, case, bows, books,
Hand, metronome. PROF. DUCLOS, Ala-
meda Infirmary.
SMALL French upright piano for sale cheap.
S 2Q Laskle St., off Mission, bet Eighth a; Ninth.
; FINE Steinway upright left by party; sacrl-
Room 12. Flood building.
LARGE church organ used nt Mechanics' Fair;
a l'arcain. KYRON M a i":'.v. 80S Po«t st.
PIANOS; great bargains: $23, $30. $33. $60. $200. i
mi\i Mission Ft.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, 16 !
McAllister ft.. n<--xt Kibernla Bank.
-UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $:. 75 up. !
rents. $? up (allowed on sale). H»ln». IM Ellis. |
»W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. asenl far
Francis I'ncon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A— s?s UPRIGHT ptnno In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 210 McAllister st.
CHEAP S-'tetr.-.vay upright; also the famous
Hornung Proa.' pianos. 115 McAllister at.
EOIIMER. Byron Mauiy and ether pianos. 30S
Post st.
KNABE ! iinos: new B^aie; new styles. KOH-
LRH A CHASE. :'■'■ O" parrel] st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. nvii;p-. repairer. 2 Latham place. ,
rr— 1
OFFICES AM) STORES — TO LET.
STORE, 23d and Guerrero, 3 rooms and con-
crete cellar: store, 23d, noxt to corner Guer-
rero, fixtures, 2 rooms and cellar; store, 81l j
31 St.. corner Park lane, '■'• iwim«.
FOR r"nt — Large c<"inent-fioored basement, j
suitable for wine vault. Address box 714. Call. j
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
offl-e hours. ItoS p. m reading by mail, $1.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG widower wishes acquaintance of a neat !
young German Catholic lady who understands ;
dressmaking and plays zither; object matri- I
mony. Please answer In German, T. WER-
NET, 742 Geary st., city.
REFINED gentleman, BO years of age, possessed
of good home, desires to correspond with a
lady 24 to Si years of age, with a view to mat-
rimony. Address "Home," box 198, Call.
BRUNETTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
' GO to LEDERER'SHairdresslng Parlors; latest
styles, 23c; halrdresslng at residence, $1 50;
price dressed, with shampoo. EOc; shampooing
short hair, 25c: manicuring, 25c. G. LED-
ERER, 123 Stockton st.
LADIES!— Don's worry about wrinkles; MME.
FISHER, 19 Powell St.. guarantees to remove
them; no torture; treatment at your homo if
desired; phone. Clay 61. •
BLOOD poisoning, colored spots, mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and sores; perma-
nent cure. Box 18, Universal Vital me Co.,
Hammond, Ind.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry exchanged for tailor-
Ing. Address DENTIST, box 2837. Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs. Bilk portieres; dealer In
carpel twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rutes. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70S Fifth. Oakland.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 7.". or overcoats, 112 50; made to order;
I samples rent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1*44 Market St.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
MRS. BENNETT, UK Mission— Cancer cure 6
lays; no knife, no caustics: references.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlors: open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to ■:• p. m. 32CA .Ellis st.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10c;
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ;, 706 Ellis St.
HIRSUTINK CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and Inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 100 room*;
23c to $1 50 ]>er night; $1 50 to $6 per week; !
free 'bus an.l baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at.
Palace of Art. 16 Post St. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE. .
DR. C. A. MeQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office, 317 Powell St.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 722 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanced. 623 Dupont st., nr. Cal.
MRS.L .J.WHEELOCK ha? removed La Verlte
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 30 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec- i
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machine*: no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
i MME. LOUISE*B manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy Et.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny st . first floor, room 2-3.
I*ACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cl»th-
ing. call on B. 'COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMO9, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address !n the
United States, postpaid, for $1- per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and - fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st. 1
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. I
_ j
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOUSE and lot wanted, this city; exchange for !
21 acres, Alameda County, in town; public
and high schools; improved first-class home;
valuation $5000. H. H. CRANE. 410 Mont«-
gomery et.
SMALL ranch wanted; must be reasonable.
Box 70S. Call office.
REAL. ESTATE CITY — SALE}. ':
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palaoe Hotel.
Established 1868.
Downtown Investment— block on Ellis
st.; will pay 7 per cent.
Brick building— Battery-st. business corner, i
near Market St.; in center of wholesale dis- i
trict; apply for particulars.
$12,000— Mission St., between First and Sec- I
ond; a nic» downtown business property.
$5600— Sutter St.. near Laguna; eight rooms
and bath; lot 20:8x35.
$6000 — Baker st.. near Sacramento: eight
rooms and bath, in perfect order; 25:.6x102:6.
Minna st., near Fourteenth; flats; rent
$23; lot 25x80.
Clementina St., near Fifth; two houses; |
store and flats; rent $55 per month; 25x80.
$10,OCO — residence and lot; Oak st., near
Octavia: 44x120 to rear street; has a great
prospective value.
Twenty-seventh St., near Dolores; 11 j
rooms. S baths: lot 26x114.
$6600— Rent $55 per month; Shotwell-st. cor- '■
ncr; store and flats; lot 85x90.
i $2500— Sheridan st., near Tenth and Harrison
1 flats, well rented: lot 25x100.
$3000— Glover st., near Jones and Broadway-
two flats: rent $24; lot 23x80.
MADISON & BURKS,
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
$3500— $4500; foreclosure sale; on 24 th i
St., near Church; street bitumlnlsed; make I
any offer.
$2200— Bargain; 2-story 7-room house In good
shape; on Jersey St., near Sanchez; 200 feet
from cars; offer wanted.
$2000— Fine building lots; Pacific st., near
j Taylor; easy terms; 25x137:6.
$800 — level building lot; Jersey st., be-
tween Castro and Diamond.
McE WEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see. H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
SIX nice lots northwest cor. Polk and Chestnut
.U. A ly 1701 Octavia at. .J
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE. |
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$25,000— Business corner on Dupont St.: Im- |
provements renting for $2400 per annum: lot 52:6 j
x6S:9.
$7000— Rents $S2S per annum: substantial Im-
provements; 5 tenements; 37:6x137:6; North
Beach Investment.
jl 1 ) Business corner lot on Stockton St. ; 40
xllO; splendid location for a hotel or private
boarding-house.
$41,C00— Rent* $4J60 per annum: one of the
best investments if Its kind: C flats of 7 rooms
and bath each, v llat.« of 6 rooms and bath each
and 3 of 5 rooms and bath each: modern and
nearly new; law lot, ."3:6x155; north of Market
st.: best renting locution.
$20 000 Eleg.int mansion; 2-story and base-
ment attl<- resldene* 1 <~.f 14 mom? and bath, etc.; j
75xlJ7:C; grand unobstructed marine views. j
tMso— Mak« an offer; must be sold: comer
near Flllmoro and Ila'.frht fits.; store and flat |
property; r<".it $73 per month; mortgage of
JCOOO m remain; 41xSl.
$15,500 Mission business property; substantial
corner In - stores and 3 flats; 35x122:6; rents ;
SIIC4 per annum.
♦G7so— Half cnFh; S nice new flats on Page st.;
G, f. and .' moms an.l hath ea?h; rent Jt'.SO per
annum: 25X?.".
$SCO each and upward— Richmond lets: Tenth
av»nue, C and D Bts^ adjacent to t he park; 25 .
xl»; $50 cash. $10 per month, internet 7 per cent. .
$4500— Good Investment; rents $426 per annum;
I new flats and lot near Fifteenth and Market
$1750— A very cheap home; nearly new. cozy,
modern bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms;
bath, laundry, etc.; brick foundation.
t9Co3— Rents $884 per armuni; 4 substantial. :
nearly new flats en Webster st. ; lot 33552:6.
J3oC?— Nob Hill. California st. ; near Franklin; :
cuzy cottage of 6 rooms, etu. ; 187* !
j37;-,o_Shrttwel] St.; rent $32 per month: 2 Rats .
and cottage an 1 lot; this Is a splendid offering. ;
Fourth aye.; lots 25x120. j
Choice list of building lota In every part of I
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. OMBSEW ft CO..
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE! BROS.,
10S MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
On Clayton St.. near Page; houne of 11 rooms;
lot 25x112:6; owner anxious to sell; price $7000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. ':
Magnificent home of 15 rooms on Pacific j
Heights; marine view; lot 45x107:8; completely
furnished; price $33,000.
RENTS $85— PRICE $8750.
Three fine flats In the Panhandle District; al- I
ways rented; lot 25x137:6.
WEBSTER ST.. NEAR CALIFORNIA.
A good home of 7 rooms and bath; very sun-
ny; price only $SCOO. !
LOTS ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS. ;
Five beautiful lots in Pacific Heights, com- ;
mandlng marine view; will be sold at a grand |
barpain: send for plat; also Presidio Heights
lots at low prices.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Best location; good two-story house of 8
rooms In Al condition; sunny side of street;
price $4250.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero. Dolores and Liberty street lots,
from $75 to $90 per front foot; send for plat.
MINNA STREET $4750. . !
Three fine flats on Minna, near Ninth; rented
for $47 monthly; a good buy.
ONLY $17." MISSION COTTAGE.
Cottage and baj-ement flat; sunny side of i
street; very cheap,
McAFEE BROS., McAFEB BROS.,
11 3 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
35x137:6 — Hayes Kt., near Flllmore; 8 flats;
rent $* : $13,500.
25x100— Van Ness aye., near Pacific aye.;
modern 12- room housf; $8000.
20x65:9 to rear ft. -Union st., near Dupont; i
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents Jti4 50; $SOOO.
; 60x7".— Natoma, near Sth; 6 tenements; rents
$80; $7500.
25xS0 — Fourth St.. near Harrison: store and
flat; $fiSC>; sale urgent.
— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents $54; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— Corner Kearny and Greenwich;
10 2-stcry houses; rente $$0; $5000.
22x68:9— Pad tic. near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
12:6x120 to rear St.— Union, near Jones; 2 flats;
rents $24: $<500.
20x120 to rear Corner Green and West
End: old improvements; $2500.
25x100— Lyon. near Geary: cottage; $22.
22:11x68:9—230 Francisco St.. near Stockton; 2-
story house and large basement: 52000.
23x50— Auburn, near, Pacific; 3-story house; i
rents $24: $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
Florida st., north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
25x110— Scott St., near Washington; $3750.
80x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard st*.
87-4Vixl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
260x125— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6—6. Frederick, west of Cole.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
NW corner: finest view of bay and Presidio
in the city: MV Larkln and Chestnut; Califor-
nia and Hyde st. cars In one block; 146:6x139:6;
will subdivide; easy terms.
$8000— Modern house, Gough St., 8 rooms and
finished attic and basement, tiling, etc. view
of bay.
$7500_Washtngrton St., near Scott; modern 2-
story; 9 rooms; charming home: park near by.
$7500— Scott st.,. near Union; fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$3500— Pacific st.. near Leavenworth; 2-story
house In good order.
$3000— Cottage In warm belt of Mission; 6
rooms and bath; high basement; a bargain.
$3260— Flats; Hartford st., near Castro and
: Nineteenth: 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$330 per annum. •
Howard «t.. near Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay good
Interest.
$11,500— Geary St.. west of Gough; large lot;
Improved: good Investment; always rented, $78.
Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay- I
lor st.; very cheap; will double your money.
$6000— Lot; Jackson st., west of Walnut; flmj
view of bay and mountains; close to cars; will
divide.
HAWKS & ELTON.
321 Montgomery st.
THISTLETON of 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View,
has for sale and for rent the choicest, cheap- '
est and most desirable homes and building lots
In San Francisco. Only think of it: $550 will i
purchase a 4-room cottage with 2 lots 50x125;
$200 can remain on mortgage, leaving only
$350 cash for a lovely home. $800. $200 cash, |
balance on Installments, buys a neat 4-room
cottage at station. $750, half cash, buys a 6-
room cottage near station. $500 lots for $200 and
$250 per lot, near station; streets graded. $173
each buys 3 splendid lots near school. $125, !
$100 and some, at $75 and $50 per lot, will se-
cure you a good home within 10 minutes' |
walk from cars. Foolish people pay rent;
" wise people buy a home.
$12 A MONTH will buy a new 4-roo.m cottage
and lot two blocks from Twenty-second st
car line. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
WITH LIFE INSURED
AND A
HOME SECURED
A husband should have a clear conscience, not
otherwise. Home securing is the better of the
two Investments; Its benefits begin at ones;
its returns are greater: its cost Is a great deal
less; for example, I offer cottages of 4. 5 and 0
rooms, each having all the latest improve-
ments; streets graded and sewered; 20 minutes'
ride and only 1 block from car line; payments
$16 to $25 monthly; make an appointment; no
trouble to show these homes.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
25 CENTS per week will buy a lot 25x125 in the
Alvin Tract, near Oakland: no Interest.
$50 first payment Is all that a S-room house
chicken-house, lot 50x125. on the Alvin Tract'
Elmhurst Station, near Oakland, will cost you'
balance you can pay off with your $5 rent
money.
ONLY ONE LEFT.
Have yon got $150 for a home? That Is all
It will cost you for new 4-room and bath cot-
tage on Cortland aye.; balance due pay off
with your $10 or $12 rent money; street graded
Health resort. Sunset Beach, near Golden
Gate Park: lots for sale; cottages rented for
$5 a month.
$60—100x120 lot for Bale near electric road
San Mate" County.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
A POOR man's chance— Cottage on Fifth
and Clement for $1200, $250 cash. See C W
POPE, 11 Montgomery st.
SIX elegant flats: Western Addition corner-
all rented. CARSE. 11 Montgomery st.
$260 EACH— lots: Thirteenth and X sta near
Park; cheap at $400.
$2350—2 very cozy, good flats near Twenty-
fourth and Castro.
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery ft
$190— A GREAT bargain; a corner lot In LRke-
view: level and ready to build on: only one
block from Mlsslon-st. cars; owner must leave
city at once; cost $400. Apply H. RECHTER
426 Minna st. '
LOANS made to parties Investing In oil, etc .
by H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
$1800— $14 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
$500 AND
UPWARDS,
On very easy payments; choice lots in the lock
recently subdivided, bounded by H and I sts.,
Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes., right on the
Park ami the new Nlneteenth-avo. boulevard; a
number of lots already sold; balance bound to
sell quickly; 800 Investments; good building
lots: all ready; lots graded; streets graded,
macadamised; water pipes laid.
PRICES $500 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Electric cars pass the property. See this
block at once. Go to our branch office to-day,
corner II ft. and Ninth aye. Price lists, etc.,
there or at cur office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
JO Montgomery st.
A PICK-UP. ONLY J3OO CASH REQUIRED.
$2300— Worth SK'.'KJ; 2 extra Urge lots on Ash-
bury st., near Frederick": size .'.OxISO; bank mort-
gage of $20C0 can remain; electric cars pass the
property,
MUST BE SOLD.
$7750— Clay st., near Pieic*. facing Alta Plata;
2-story ■.:.<] basement house, containing 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25x100.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
I -May be less: 2 bay-window flats, near
California St.; a fine central location.
DOUGLASS ST., BET. 20TH AND 21ST.
New bouse of 9 rcom» and bath; lot 25x125;
only $1700.
$.1400— Rents $32; rnrenty-thl St.. n»ar San-
chez; lot 2r.x?o, with 2 Hats of 5 and <S rooms,
bath, etc.
FORCED SALE.
: Diamond st., near Eighteenth; 7 rooms and
bath: lot 25:6x115; $2800; warm I it.
FORECLOSURE SALK-FINE MODERN
FLATS.
$1900— Golden Gate aye., near Baker St.;
splendid buildlnj;; cost over $sr>oo; everything
up to date; a great bargain; rents $45.
$5150— A bargain; Broderick st., near Sutter;
: lot T.OsSO, with a 2-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath, etc.; also good stable; lot alone worth
the money.
$3350— Sent f 35; mar the corner of Howard
and Seventh sts.; 1 flats of 3, 4 and 5 rooms.
$2150— Fourth aye., near Lake St.; 1-story cot-
! tage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x120.
A PICK-UP.
! $4000— Howard St.. near Fifteenth; S flats. •
large rooms and bath; lot 30x125; rents $33;
mortgage $3300 In bank.
AN OFFER WANTED.
Jackson st., near Mason; 3 flats; also
a 2-story house of 10 rooms; lot has 46 feet
rrontase; rents $52.
$3250 only— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom;
lot 25.\50; lease pays S per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS
IN REAL ESTATE.
$17.000— Rent $150; extra large lot, over 60
feet front, on Montgomery st.; Improvements,
3-story brick building containing 2 stores and
lodging-house above; bank mortgage $13,000.
$10,000— Rent $100; Natoma st., near Second;
extra large lot. lacing on 2 streets; Improve-
, ments frame building used as a factory.
AN ARTISTIC HOME.
$5750— Lyon St., near Jackson: new 2-story
and basement residence, containing 7 rooms,
bath, etc. lot 25x91 feet.
000— Best part of Valencia St.; rent $108
per month: large lot, 65xS0 feet, with splendid
Improvements, consisting of stores and flats.
HANDSOME "UP-TO-DATE 1 FLATS.
$S7sO— Rent $S5; 3 new data, fronting the Park
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a fine In-
vestment. , ••■' „
$l?.E00 — Pays 7 per cent net; a splendid In-
vestment: Golden Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street: large lot, 40xSO feet; Improvements
consist nt flats and 2 stores: rent $157 50.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000— Choice piece of business property
north of Market st. and within 4 blocks of Pow-
ell and Eddy; improvements consist of stores
and lodging-house above of 25 rooms; rent $ISS.
$300 CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY, SAME
AS RENT.
$2250^— Eureka St., near Nineteenth; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms: porcelain bath; up to date In
every respect; close to Castro and Guerrero st.
car lines. _ , _
Send for our printed "Price List of Real Es-
tate for Sale," published monthly.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF RESIDENCE, INVESTMENT
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
AT SALESROOM.
11 MONTGOMERY STREET.
MONDAY OCTOBER 23. 1899,
At 12 o'clock noon.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
1720 Bryant st., cor. 17th; grand 2-story resi-
dence; 12 rooms, bath, laundry and servants'
room; large stable, etc; lot 100x125.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
ESS O'Farrell St., near Polk; modern 3-story
bay-window house, 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
120. to Olive aye.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
2417 California st.. near Flllmore; 7 rooms and
bath; renting for $30; large lot, 34:4Vix137:6, to
close an estate.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Californla-Bt. lot, near Devlsadero; north side;
38:2x137:6; one of the choicest lots on this fine
street.
MISSION-PT. INVESTMENT.
2043. 2043% and 2045 Mission St., near 16th;
three-story "bay-window building of 2 flats and
store; flats contain 7 rooms and bath each;
renting for $00 per month; lot 25x106.
TRUSTEES* SALE. '
Noe and 26th ste. ; SE. corner; 80x114; level
and ready to build on; street sewered.
MANUFACTURERS' SITE.
18th and Harrison sts.; SE. corner; 50x124:2; 3
fronts.
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION.
IBth St., SE. cor. of Treat aye.; 39x150; suit-
able for stable or factor}-.
8 BUILDING LOTS. TRUSTEES' SALE.
East side of Florida St., near 16th; 2axlOo
each; on car line.
POTRERO LOTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Nine lots on Utah and Nebraska Eta., cor.
19th st.: 25x100 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
CENTER 4 SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
FRUITVALE.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
EASY TERMS— TERMS— EASY TERMS
AT CASH PRICES. AT CASH PRICKS
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
The list of families who have stopped paying
rent and are buying through us on Installments
has increased to 23 in the last 33 days. Most of
them In Frultvale; some of them In Oakland; a
few In San Francisco and Berkeley.
$425— Corner lot on Peralta aye.; lot 60x140; in
a growing neighborhood.
$iiOO— 100x175; choicest lot In Frultvale; sew-
ers; city water; close to cars.
$1050— 514 per month; lot 60x150; 4-room cot-
tage; good well; graded street; splendid lo-
cality.
— Six rooms; large lot; well and pump;
bath, etc.: new; terms to suit.
$1500— Nine rooms; lot 45x125; bath, pantry,
closets, halls, high basement; excellent local-
ity; fruit trees; corner lot; extra large barn;
well, windmill and pump; 2 blocks from car
line; we will take lot as part pay In any of
the above.
We have Just secured 20 choice lots close to
the station, and start 6 new cottages this week.
If you will talk quickly you may have them
arranged to suit you. Anything we have for
sale on reasonable terms.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Half a block from Frultvale station, on
Frultvale aye. City office, 222 Sansome St.,
room 2. ground floor. After 12 any day after
Monday.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, euperb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800 — Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $26 down, $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
1400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$76 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $6 monthly.
$100 to Mission st. and Ocean View lots,
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HOUSE and lots for sale. Apply 919 Bryant,
owner, between Seventh and Eighth.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
FOR sale— 6-room (and bath) rear house; lot
25xfil feet, with 3:6x64 feet entrance; 407 Thir-
tieth St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez; price' $660;
$100 cash. $15 a month with Interest; a great
bargain. OWNER, 741 Castro st.
111 000— LARGE new modern residence upon
Fillmore St., near Pacific aye.; will sell upon
easy terms. J. S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway,
Oakland.
$500— BEAUTIFUL lot north of Park; Twen-
tieth aye.; *25 feet south of Point Lobos;
easy terms. W. J. HERRIN. 324 Pine st.
C. C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$2800— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 60x
137:6 feet. !
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster st.; lot 30x127 :8U feet.
$500— TWO lots, Nos. 379-381 Gift Map No. 2.
W. J. HERRIN. 324 Pine st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNS, 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
NEW AND MODERN
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
000— Pine St., near Scott; 2 elegant flats. 6
and 7 rooms and bath; every modern
Improvement; rents $61i SO: lot 25x137:6.
$6,7so— Clayton St.. near Fell; 2 flats. 5 and
6 rooms and bath; rents $45; lot 25x10*5.
$6,100— Post st., near Devlsadero; 2 flats, 5 and
6 rooms and bath; rents $47 50; lot 25x I
77:6.
$5,000-' Gate aye.. near Lyon st.: 2 flats. ,
5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $8i ;
lot 25x100; all modern improvements.
NINTH AND MARKET INVESTMENT.
$36,000— Ninth , St.. few feet from Market; "11
Improvements; ground worth 25 p»-r
cent more than price asked; lot 50x100.
O'FARRELL-ST. INVESTMENT.
$10,000— On O'Farrell St., near Hyde: lot 25x
187 front flats and rear building;
rents $74 50.
MISSION FLATS.
$6,000— Mission and Twenty-fourth sts.;
4 nice flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
lot 32:6x115 to rear street; rents $52.
FILLMORE-ST. INVESTMENT.
■$5,500—2 flats of 5 rooms and bath; business
portion, near Sacramento; If raised and
store put under would pay big; lot
25xS0.
VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE.
$s,2oo— Vallejo St., few feet from Van Ness
are.; lot 2.'x137:6: 8 rooms and bath;
modern; good condition.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
$1000— Close to Park Panhandle; lot 50x114;
make offer.
PRETTY HOME.
$2,900— Twenty-fourth St., near Noe; lot
25x114; new 6 rooms and bath; cottage,
nearly finished; porcelain tubs; tile
mantels: gas; grates; every modern Im-
provement.
FELL-ST. LOT.
$2, North side, near Devlsadero st. ; lot
25x137:6; make offer.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2,ooo— Near Fourth and Welch sts.; front
house, 3 tenements; rear house, 2 tene-
ments; rents $26 50; lot 20xS0 feet.
MUST BE SOLD.
$9,000— Reduced from $6500; $2000 cash, balance
$4000 en mortgage, 6 per cent; at a
transfer point; large elegant rooming
house of 30 sunny rooms; cost $8000 to
build; large lot 43:6x100; will pay $200
per month.
We hold our regular auction sales I
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
63S Market St.
! JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$40,000— Geary st. ; 70x75:6; east of Taylor st. ;
; well Improved.
i'3oo— Car. of Harrison and Eleventh sts.;
I large lot, 55x100; splendid site for a grocery.
', $5000 each— Two beautiful houses on Scott St.;
marine view, etc.
$*76O— Rent $35; Brannan et., near Third; store
and rooms above; lot 2f.x7",.
$18,500— Rent $150; corner; 6 flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each: Sacramento and Scott
sts. ; a first-rate Investment.
$30,000— Rent $3000 per annum; fine, centrally
located property; stores and flats.
$4000— Reduced again from $4500; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton St.. near Franklin; i
only 3 blocks from City Hall and near Market
st.; a 2-story house, stable and garden; lot
27:6x137:ti: worth $5500, but must be sold.
$5800— Rent $47; a splendid investment, on
Geary st. ; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 5
rooms and bath each.
$25,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent J2S7; Lar-
kin et., south of Geary; stores and fiats; a dead
bargain.
— Rent $45; Webster St., near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat; 6 rooms and bath each.
LOANS made to parties Investing in oil, etc.,
by H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.
FORCED SALE.
Reduced to one-third real value; 15 lots on
Pacific Heights, Including 2 corners; only '
$11,000: or single lots from $600 up; send for
plat. Box 992. Call office.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4S00; RENT $540 A YEAR
$1000 CASH. HAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentleth and Castro sts.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 00 Market St.
FOR sale — Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See
Bew Drug Company. Alameda.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
BIGGEST bargain yet; see this fine stock farm; j
600 acres; 25 miles from Oakland, 4 miles from
railroad town; good, level road; splendid im-
provements and residence; 20 acres in bearing
fruits and vines; running water; many fine
springs; beautiful, large trees; portion of the
ranch good hay land; this la an ideal home
farm; first-class surroundings; will carry over
100 head of cattle; for immediate sale and to
■ close an estate this fine property can be pur-
chased for $20 per acre; see photographs and
full description this office. H. H. CRANE,
410 Montgomery st.
A — ACRES; choice piece of level land close
to Stege's Station on S. P. R. R.. 3 miles from
Berkeley; fronts on two county roads; if you
want a good interest-paying investment or
home don't miss It. H. H. CRANE, 410 Mont-
gomery st.
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol, Ala-
meda County, fronting on county road; $25
per acre for quick sale. H. H. CRANE, 410
Montgomery st.
— New modern residence, central, Oak-
land; $250 cash, balance like rent; or will ex-
change in part or all for good farming or orch-
ard land.
$5000 Modern residence: best location In
Berkeley: will take half in stock or grain land,
balance long time.
11800— Nice cottage, central, Oakland; $2sO cash,
balance $15 per month; or will exchange for
vacant lots or land, all or In part.
Sl~:.O — 3 acres family orchard; new cottage, !
outbuildings: ten miles from Oakland; Just the I
place for chickens; $250 cash, $250 per annum.
$1000— Twenty acres fine rolling land; abund- :
ance of wood and water; ten miles from Oak-
-1 lund: $200 cash, $200 per annum.
j $1000— Nine acres near Stanford University;
pure mountain water piped to land; one-fourth '
: cash, one-fourth per annum: cheap.
For rent— Three acres, family orchard, 8-room I
house, outbuildings; rent one year cheap to i
right party.
W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311, Hearst building.
FOR sale— Fine fruit ranch; 2000 trees, apricots,
French prunes, peaches, pears, almonds and
oranges; new house, barn, etc: In Sulsun Val- '
ley: fine location; will sell reasonable or ex- '
change for good city property. Bee owner i
8831 Twenty-first st.
$3 50 AN acre— 64o acres land, unimproved. In j
Happy Valley, Shasta County. 2 hours' drive
from Redding: nearly all cultivable; can be
Irrigated: plenty oak timber; part cash C
W. POPE, 11 Montgomery st.
20 ACRES; produced 9 tons of dried fruit and !
80 tons of hay this season: good house and ;
other buildings. T. A. BELL, room 612, Ex-
aminer building. .
HUMBOLDT Co.— Dairy farms for sale; red- I
wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchard, Arcata. j
MARIN Co.. it miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND '
FARM CO., rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills 'bUg.. S. F.
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on Ban Pablo i
Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded; 250 acres good grain land:
balance excellent pasture;- suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park. ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, all modern conveniences, bath, gas,
complete for housekeeping; also sunny rooms
for gentleman: a quiet comfortable home.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ASH aye.. 220— Nice sunny unfurnished front j
room; with use of kitchen; it, per month.
BUSH, 1205.4—F our furnished rooms for house-
keeping with bath; private entrance. ;
BUSH, 2526—2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; adults only.
CLAY, 8421, in rear, near Fillmore— unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
FIFTH. Furnished housekeeping; I con-
necting. $13: also single, $5 to $7. ,
FOLSOM, 623— 1 large sunny room; all con- |
veniences; light housekeeping: rent reason" We. '
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— 2 furnished flats;
2 and 3 rooms; running water; coal and gas '
range.
GEARY, 622—2 large sunny front rooms; large
yard; ground floor; for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 728—2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; also sunny sleeping room; rea-
, sonable. ■■ -,■>, ■/, X .'--\»V-'-; I
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD, ion— sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $3; also others. ■/.; ?.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— fur-
__nished housekeeping rooms. $9; single.- $6.
LAHKIN. 326 — Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month: central.
LARKIN, 433— Nicely furnished bay window
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
rooms; upstairs: $14.
MARTHA place— well furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; yard.
McALLISTER. 612— Sunny parlor suite; bath
and kitchen,
MINNA, 2^— Housekeeping and single room;
cheap rent.
MINNA, 537—1 large front room; complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 561. near Second— Bedroom and
kitchen, complete for keeping.
MISSION, 1735-2 rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping; very sunny; modern.
NATOMA. 733— Sunny frout housekeeping
rooms; $10 per month.
NINTH, 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
stove: folding bed; cheap.
OAK. 116— Elegant newly furnished rooms for
light housekeeping; bath; private. ';•'
OCTAVIA, 404—2 unfurnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; kitchen: bedroom: bath.
O'FAURELL, 314 A —Nicely furn. rooms; com-
plete fur housekeeping; telephone Black. 1299.
POINT LOBOS, l-:: Housekeeping rooms
to let.
POST, 2607—3 rooms: furnished for housekeep-
ing; modern Improvements; $12 50.
SCOTT. 1210— Two nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kitchen; gas range.
SHOT WELL, 211—2 sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping: gas and bath.
STOCKTON, 603— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house-
keeping.
TEHAMA. 475, near Sixth— slB: 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms, kitchen complete; or 3 sunny
furnished rooms, same, $12.
TENTH, 136, near Mission— Large front room;
light housekeeping.
THIRD, 143 (Dorland House)— Sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
THIRD, — Housekeeping rooms, $1 75 and $2
a week.
TURK. 529— Three sunny furnished rooms: rent-
ed single, $5. $7, $10; gas. bath; housekeep'g.
VAN NESS, 318— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
to suit housekpg.; running water; gas, bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th<»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — and Unfurn.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio": opening Oct. 14: electric elevator:
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and.
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms .>• to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— : r;i:. 717, near Taylor; choice single
room in fine house; $5; bath.
ASH aye., 126 — Nicely furnished sunny room
for 1 or 2 gents.
ASH aye., 220— Nice single furnished room, $1
per week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post — Sunny corner suits and
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen
and families; elevator; special rates to trav-
eling men.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
COMFORTABLE furnished room, $4 per month.
5 Alaska place.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, — Newly furnished largo sunny front
room; with German family.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, 250
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS, ElS Large sunny rooms; single or en
suite; everything new; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. 322— 51 week; large sunny furnished
room; closet, bath; private; no sign.
FRANKLIN, 1605%— furnished sunny
rooms; bath; cheap rent.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 736— Neatly furnished room; bath; $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1529—3 unfurnished rms.,
with carpet, pantry, bath and water free; $14.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. Nicely furnished large sunny
room; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HARRISON, 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest im-
provements; $1 week up.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
sunny room; board optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715 — 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE, B—Two8 — Two nice unfurnished rooms; sunny;
desirable location; prices reasonable.
HYDE, 19, near McAllister — Newly furnlsned
sunny rooms; best location; prices reasonable.
IVY aye., 46. near Van Ness — nice fur-
nished sunny front room for ladles or gents;
cheap.
JESSIE. 373, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms; private family; $5. $6. $7.
KEARNY, Single sunny front suits and
housekeeping rooms; also offices.
LOCUST aye., 103V4. near Polk— front
room, 2 closets, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen; $6 and $8.
MARKET, 10374, "Epworth"— Large front and
small room; also kitchen; ladles' and gents'
parlors; heated; $6 up.
MCALLISTER, Nice sunny newly fur-
nished rooms; gas, bath, running water:
transient. •
MCALLISTER, Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single: private fam.
MINNA, 537—1 small furnished front room. .
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1150— Nice, sunny rooms, well fur-
nished, neat, quiet and homelike.
NEWPORT— 2I Franklin, near Market—
window room; 2 gentlemen; also housekeepg-.
OAK, 385— Nicely furnished sunny room; pri-
vate family: gas; bath; cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Bay-window; sua
all day; mantel, gas; $12.
O'FARRELL, £04— An elegantly furnished and
delightfully situated rooming house: sun all
day; rooms single or en suite; quiet; homer
like; must be seen to be appreciated.
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Nicely furnished room%
single or en suite; telephone Black 1299.
O'FARRELL, 723— Large front alcove room;
handsomely furnished; gentleman only; rent
reasonable.
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies* parlor, rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Single fur-
nlshed bedroom; $4 a month.
SUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished suites;
also housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA, 217V»— Sunny furnished front room
In private family.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
also single rooms for men. $1 per week.
TURK. Corner alcove room overlooking
Jefferson square; sun all day; private family
references.
TWELFTH, 223-2 nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; pri-
vate family; gas; hath; cheap.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia «>t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
For additional classified adver-
tisements see page eighteen.
1718
ROOMS "WANTED.
ttT*»*O or 3 nicely furnished rooms complete, for '
housekeeping, by young married couple; north
of Market; steady, responsible parties; rent
$16 to $20. Box 402. CalL \
WANTED Near Taylor and Golden G&t»|
three furnished housekeeping rooms; two con-
nected; gas; 3 adults; references. Box 862 i
Call office.
XVAXTED^ — Unfurnished room In exchange for
vocal lespo:i!> by advanced pupil of promlent
tefl/Cher; central; references. F. A. M., box
was. Call.
XiADY employed during day wishes sunny back
room; rrrist be very neat; American family.
Address box 2594, Call.
feMALL room, by a lady; rent must not he more
than SI a week. Box SC3. Call office.
WANTED— room, about $3 or $4
month; single man. Box 716. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SVPPX<IKS.
(2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
,A_L k'nds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest ratos. 215 Fourth St.
BPECIAX NOTICES.
JSfOTTCE Is hereby Riven that the Maria Ki;>
Orphanage of 023 Lake st. has received the
following orphans p.rvi half orphan Rirls from ,
July 1 to October, 1. ISS9: Frances G. Me- j
Kewen. aired ? years; Leila Marion O. Keys-, :
aged 10 yean; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years,
Dor!a Eugenia Wright, apod 12 years: Jane
Grace Robinson, nped 12 years. '
JIOOMS papered from 13; whitened, $1 up; '■
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 519 Rd st.
KICK private home 1n ccnnnerneiu; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wlfe, SOU Folecm, nr. J6th: rhone White 1314.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection-" made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION' I
CO.. 415 Mor.tiT"rr.ery st.. rcom* f -:"- tel. "?1 ,
*■■ ■ -— - - - —== I
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
•CALA. Storage Wnr?hmi3«. F. SMITH, prop..
7-2 Mission: goods g\i:irant?cd; tel. Ciay £5.
ipIEP.CE-F.ODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
O'l'ce, <01 Post. err. Powell; t»l. Main '■'".
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned Tic; guaranteed 2 yea.n>.
The Roy Jewelry =r.d Optima! Co.. 540 Keamy. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1«00— HOUSE, I rooms; lot EOxlCO; business
site.
Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 87x100; very
cheap.
l?-¥> — Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 59x100; very
cheap.
$7i-l>— Cottaga, 4 rooms; lot 33x100; near sta- ■
tion:
— House, I room*; lot 45x150; Ban An- j
tone aye. i
$lSoo House. 8 rooms: lot 60x125; corner, !
51250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 37:6x100; near •
station.
J32oO— Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 40x137; fine loca-
tion.
$4."00 — House, 11 rooms; lot 75x120; choice
home.
All are bargains; easiest term*.
Some choice lots and country exchanges.
U. B. FALCONER, 1326 Park St. j
$1300— ■"":■;." . with large eottnge of 6 j
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2c.r«>— IxH 10x115; :'.n« 8-story bouse 8 rooms
ar.d bath; near Etation; must be sold at once; '
worth $*«>?.
$2800— 40x150, on Morton et., bet. the rail- j
roads. v.!th fine now modern cottage 7 rooms; '
t!00 cash, "a ace $28 per month. '
$3350— L0t 40xl. r .?; Morton St.. near Santa !
Clara aye. : elegant new house nt 8 rooms; j
$)00 cash, balance JTO per month. Homes to
let in all parts of Alameda,
11. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1433 Park st.
$1200— HOUSE of 5 rooms and basement) all I
street work and sidewalk; lot 27y.x100. J. H. '
YOUNG. Builder, li'4S Park st. i
SNAP — New House, i room.i and bath; lot 60x
ISO; good location; 6 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE, 1512 Chapin.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly j
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the ',
United -'r,v or Canada one year for $1, i
postage raid.
ALAMEOA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in del.cat* health; larrs !
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FTJNKE. 1416 Sth.
» '"*" —^——■■————1 ■■ ■ ■■——■—■■ I II ■■■ »— — — — — _M —^^■■^ I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BNAPS IN BERITELET.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
lOCS BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
— Lot 20x130 on Sacramento-rt. oar line.
$:. r o— 3Jx135; close to Old Town Hall.
$2£o— Corner; JffilSO; In the heart of Berkeley. .
$ioo— Lot 60x135 feet, with street work all !
done: right cloee to Lorln station ln >
South Berkeley. ;
fI.ECC— modern F.astlaJte cottage; I rooms,
br.th and high o^sementi lot 40x120 feet, !
with street work all done; handy to
Lerln station.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
Real Estate n.nd Insurance Broker.
1»S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ABSOLUTELY the best bargains in Berkeley
The following properties are all good, conve- !
nient, modern homes; most of them are near
K. R. station, ears, store*, schools, churches
etc. ; tome have bo*n Required under foreclos-
ure and ire fered at about % their original
cost: Brr.all cash payment, easy monthly in- '
stallments nr.iy required; better opportunities
were never pre?ented home-6eekcrs.
6-room, IVi-story house; convenient to
Berk- station; >!000.
7-room 1%-etory house, new and modern ln
North Berkeley, only $1300; house alone cost
more money.
r. rooms and bath; high ba,«ementi lot 40x
120; only $!3CO. !
' rccrrs and bath; high basement; lot 23-4 x •
85; street work all done; only $1350. i
Modern cottage "' C large rooms; basement. :
bath, etc; hcusa and lot coat $3200 6 years :
ago; only $1800. j
_.. H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station. ;
Office open Sundays.
AT a bargain— This fine residence, Just oom- i
pMefl; 8 rooms; all modern improvements; lot
40 or more by 130. Ses owner, J W. HWENS I
Bl« Shattuck aye., or H. R. ABRAHAMSON*
111 L:turpl st.. Oakland.
$1000— BARGAIN; 6-mom cottage In East
Berkeley ■■ lot 49x120; near station; street :
work done.. GEO. SCHMIDT. Berkeley Sta- !
tion.
C. C. BEMTS, Real Estate and General Land :
Agent. 221 Montgomery et.
In >'erke!ey-O;rner lot $7xMO. with modern
houte of D rooms.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
let; on the sunny uMe of street; only 0 min-
utes' from university; a bargain JOS j i
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postofflce." '<
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
'• " proposed extension of the university I
rrourifir. ran b» hnd by sending a 2c ftamn to !
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate adjoining
P. f\. Berkeley. '
■WE offer a fine. Inrsr? modem S-room house
entirely new, on raved Ftr»et, handy to street I
cora and local station; for $3100; the bes=t bar
pair, in Berkeley. O. G. MAY & CO 212$ i
Conter St.. Berkeley.
I L - .____.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
For rent, In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom with
stable, chlcken-l.uuFe and large yard: con-
venient to tmlni" nnd university grounds. Ad-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station. j
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS j
KRUITVALE REAL jTATBS.
1200 CASH, $11 20 monthly, will buy a lovely :
home; modern house of 9 rooms, bath, pantry,
closets, sanitary plumbing; large lot; best
neighborhood; lovely surroundings; cars pars
the door; sewered, street work all done; city
water; climate the best; price, all told. $2000; |
let us show j'ou this home; v.-ill consider «x- |
change. H. 7.. JONES, owner, 465 Seventh '
pt.. Dear cor. Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE!.
to ACRES; Fonoma County; half In bearing
fruit; alongside railroad; $1700. C. K. KING,
602 Broadway, Oakland.
i ACRES In town of Walnut Creek, Contra
Cofta County; 7-room liousft; ?i;oo. c. K.
KING, 101 Broadway, Oakland.
I ACRES; Hay wards; $£59; 4-room house; l-
acre orchard. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oak!nnd. . ■
I 1-8 ACRES; Contra Costa County; $1000; house
and barn; good land, O. K. KING, 902 Broad- j
way, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAM—RON,
10M BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
_— —
SNAPS.
! $128— Win buy SxlOO feet right close to Tele-
' graph aye, and only about 60 yards from the
[ electric cars.
CLINTON STATION, EAST OAKLAND.
$300 each— By order of the bank: lota 25v100
feet, with street work all complete and within
, walking distance of Broadway; electric cars
' passing in front.
$10 PER FOOT IN PIEDMONT.
tCOO— 6C_9 feet; right on the oable line- a
fine. high, dry. sightly lot. in a r«ry healthy
locality; positively must be sold.
RENTS $130 ANNUALLY.
$1000— oozy Eaatlakc oottage of B rooms,
i bath, high basement, bay window, hall, brick
! foundation, etc. : close to Grove st. ; street
i work all done; owner away and must sell; a
: big bargain.
VERY PRETTY COTTAGE HOME.
— Contains 5 rooms and every modern
convenience; the lot is 40x125 feet, with gravel
driveway, lawn, atone walks and a fine little
etable: coat the owner J8000; will rent tor $14.
ELEGANT NEW RESIDENCE.
— New Queen Anne cottage of $ large
rooms, on Twenty-second St.. right clo*e to Tel-
egraph aye. ; lot Is £5x129 feet, and easy terms
can be arranged; might take a good lot for
part.
SEVERAI. BUNNY CORNER&
WOO— <sxloo feet on Ban Pablo are.
J.l29O— «Srll«. Market and Thirty-third.
$900—63x238 feet on Piedmont aye,
STJNNY COTTAGE FOR RENT.
$10 per month; 6 rooms and bath; handy to oars
and school. We have a select list of houses to
rent. Be sure and see us, or write for list l(
you want one.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
REAL ESTATE BROKER
AND RENTING AGENCY.
We solicit your rent collections and Insurance.
< 10SS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A FEW choice offerings:
— Piedmont; 1- acres; modern 12-room
house; grand panoramic view; foreclosure sale.;
terms.
$12.000— Refused $25,000; Frnltrale; 13-room
home; 103x345; magnificent shrubberies; unex-
celled location.
$15,000— Lakeside residence; 14 room*; comer
lfO feet; magnificent surroundings; estate; sac-
rifire.
J6JoO— Near Market station; 10 rooms; $sxl2S.
BC ooo— Central; coming business property; ele-
gant; 7-roomj modern; must sell.
$4500— Beautiful S-room home; central; owner
1 going to Europe; will sacrifice furnishings.
Adeline sta,; new; 8 rooms; never oocu-
pi&J; complete; 40x125; mortgage $3000; terms.
Make offer above mortgage $:400; monthly
payments; new; 8 rooms; Oakland Heights;
must sell.
$3250— New 6-room Colonial house* S6th at.,
near Telojrraph are.: easy terms.
J32SO and J-500— to suit; 6 blocks of nar-
row-paupe trains; 4 lota left.
$2800— 5260 cash: new Colonial, « rooms j porce-
lain bath; Adeline station.
$2S5O— Best offer absolutely takes elegant B-
room home. Lorln station, Berkeley; cost S. F.
merchant $4000 2 years ago; 60x125; sacrifice.
SlG5O— House of 7 rooms; lot lOOxlSO; near
Telegraph nve. and 32d st.; big bargain,
$3630 — New; cozy; 6 rooms; porcelain bath,
gas, mantel; near Telegraph aye.
$lUro— I'ieamont; Knap; bay-window; 6 rooms;
bath: 80x140; bam; mortgage $1200; cost $3000.
J12?0— $100 down; new; 5 rooms; bath; 85x125;
Piedmont electrlo cars.
$10f0— Bargain; Broadway station; « rooms;
bay-window cottage; basement; driveway; must
sell.
RESIDENCE LOTS.
$80 to $40 foot— Bo to 60 feet; 5 blocks of Frank-
lin and 14th Bts. ; narrow-gauge: bargain
140 Cholse Adeline-st. lot.
$40— at., near Telegraph aye.; *hrtt>o.
(Tebster and Dura.nt; Coxl2S; choice snap.
$55— Corner on 10th, n*ar Market; 36x100.
$« 30x100; adjoining above on 10th
Sso— Snap; 4«xl00; 10th, near Market etation
$1000— Corner; 34:8x300; Adeline station; will
build.
$2000— Madison and. 2d; factory site; 150x100.
$7Bo— Snap; 50x100; Fth aye.., Clinton station.
SCOO— East 20th St.; 53x150: a bargain.
$250 — 4"d and Telegraph; 2xllo.
$275— 550 caeh, $6 month; Jots $s<bclPo each;
bank sales formerly sold for double this
Piedmont Creek lot; 43x140; pickup.
ACREAGE.
Refused $21,000; SO acres; Fruit— Jet
must sell; half cash, half property; fine speou-
latlon. :
$500 to $750 and $1009 per acre— l and 2 acre
lote fronting San Leandro electric road
$500 end *800— Two 10-acre full bearing orch-
ard tracts fronting San Leandro station; cheap.
Call or send for what you want
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
$476— (-room cottage, at Elmhurst; lot EOxIOO- »
fun bearing fruit trees; city water; lot fenced.
— '.-room cottage: hot and cold water; good
basement; street macadam! lot 49x115-
Fruitvale. Apply JAMES E. WHITE '
Rooms 36 and 87. 906 Broadway, Oakland.
A— s7s CASH, $7 59 monthly; HSx5l3 rest; grove
of trees; 800 feet new 6-foot high board feno-
ln?; fronting on 8 streets: single dwelling-
Just the thing for a bachelor; site, climate
and soil r.ono better; plenty of good water*
near electric cars; 90-foot wide boulevard'
Bchoolhouse; price. $690 In all: Allendale Tract.
Adjoining Eai=t Oakland. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh st., near cor. Broadway
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONE9'
Owner.
A BARGAIN— LoveIy »-room house; best resi-
dence portion of Oakland, west of Broadway
lot .'1x120: Improved with choice flowers and
shrubbery; house In perfect order; all modern
conveniences; 1 block from olectrlc cars; con-
venient to local to S. F. ; will sell at a sacri-
fice on account of owner leaving Oakland In-
quire M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAINS— lota in Fruitvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale Station,
electrio cars, schools; homes built; easy
terms; title perfect; nothing like them. H.
B. PINNEY, Agent, room S, 906 Broadway,
Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for city property; $2000;
a fine 3-story house on Eighth St., West Oak-
land, containing 7 rooms and bath and store
and 3 rooms and bath; cottage of 4 rooms in
rear; lot 2€x156. Apply to C. B. WINKS. R^al
Estate Agent, 17M Seventh st.. West Oakland,
Pofitoftlce building.
DRUG store In the beat location ln Oakland;
on corner of the principal street*; fine paying
business established: owner leaving State. J
S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
89-PAGE illustrated catalogue of homes.
Before, you buy or loan your money on
California «_ estate get my opinion of its
value for your own protection E. E. BUNCK
508 Broadway, Oakland.
SACRIFICED— 4 elegant new houses in course
of construction on 23d St., bet. Grove and
West; all modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks don"; small payment down; balance
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
30 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 615 20th.
FOR sale New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.: 10 minute*' walk from station; lot 98x
ISO; hor?e, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call. ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United £(::!«■! or Canada one year for $1,
t.op*agc\f>al d .
OAKLAND HOrSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 58*
24th. Inquire R. Franks, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND Ft'RN. RMS. WANTED.
LADY with 3 children at school desires 4 neatly
furn. housekeeping rms. nr. Lincoln or Lafay-
etto School. A. W.. IUS Wash. St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR HALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
SAN RAFAEL ADVERITSEM'TS
___S AX RAF A B L RK A L EBTATK.
$1000— $12 60 per month; 5 rooms; large lot;
i plenty of flowers,
$1350— 518 per month; 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rafael; excellent locality and largo grounds-
will take lot part pay on either.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco, 222 Sansome et.. room i.
i ground floor. Also Fruitvale station.
CH , K i^ P^ ST and best ln America— The Weekly
£ .7 } pages, sent to any address In the
united States or Canada one year for 11
postage paid. ■ .
! DIVIDEND NOTICES.
: DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 98 (60c per
?^^°i..f, h 'H OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
I'A.NY will be Payable at the office of the
g3&3£3K K.?- rket «- <»" and after
: V.EO..ESDAT, .November 1. IES9. Transf.-r
Msa* 1 ! , W i" . Cl , OB 1 on THURSDAY. October 2«.
16&9. at 2 o clock p. m.
' B- H. SHELDON. Secretary.
C £ E i AP ST an<l bl *" t ln America— The Weekly
i.7 } 'c. p " *"' 8 - B * nt t0 an address in the
Suited Btatea, postpaid, for $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO COUNTY FOR SALT!.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
On Wednesday, November 1. 1599, at IlrSO
a. m., under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 6,
19511, in a partition suit of the heirs of the late
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN. In which
CAROLINE STODIEK Is plaintiff and
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property
will be sold in one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 257 and the
northerly 67.99 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No. 299 of the official surveys of swamp and
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 175.02 acres," being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on
said land.
Immediately after the sale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, eta, of said farm
will be sold.
This farm Is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles
below Freeport. It has upon It a house and
a good barn, about 50 acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland: appraised In the Superior
Court of Sacramento ln the matter of tha
estate of paid Strothmann. deceased, at $2fi,-
-870. Assessed for 1S«S: Land. $10,000; Improve-
ments. $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees
on the farm and 27S non-bearing.
Further Information will be given at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for
I referee. Sacramento, and at the office of the
i undersigned. LOEWY &■ OUTSCH,
Attorneys for heirs. 503 California St., San
Francisco.
October 17. ISM. ■_
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In th»
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY. November 13. 1839. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. !n the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of oald application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my !
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM A. DF.ANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rPenl.l
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
| Curtis E. Richardson and Geneva Hill 21-20
j Nels Lensre and Mary Sullivan. 36-32
Americo Chellnl and Lucia Royal 23-23
Dennis J. Sugrue and Teresa M. Gllbrlde.. 3l-25
I Joseph Ethen and Jo«ie Wempe 29-19
j Ernst A. BJorkman and Amanda Carlson.. 26-24
I Frank P. Jackson and Saldee Mac Duff ....23-21
; J. A. Fortune and Estelle Chevalier 33-21
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
■ mall will not be insert»d. They must be handed
In at either of the publication office* and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of per-
i sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
i BEARDMORE— Tn this city. October 11, 1599.
to the wife of Fred Beardmore. a daughter.
'DE PUT— In this city. October 1«. 1889. to the
wife of Newton de Pur, a son.
EMERPON— this city. October 12. 1199. to
I the wife of Frank J. Emerson, a daughter.
; GODT— this city. October 10, 1899. to the wife
' of H. P. Godt, a son.
: HUFFMAN— this city, October IS. U9», to
the wife of Walter Huffman, a son.
■ KRIEG— In this city. October $. I*9*. to the
wife of Anton Kriesr, a son.
; McFHILLIPS— In this city. October 10, 18?»,
to the wife of E. H. McPhilllps, a daughter.
MEYER— In this city, October 20. 1899, to the
wife of Alfred Meyer, a daughter.
; O'BRIEN— this city, October 12. 1$?», to tha
wife of J. F. O'Brien, a son.
■ SCHWARTZ— In this city. October IL 1835. to
the wife of S. Schwartz, a daughter.
I FCHUTTE'N— this city, October I, IWB, to
the wife of Jacob Schutten, a daughter.
1 SMITH— In this city, October 21. 1539, to the
wife of Frank Smith, a daughter.
i WATERMAN— In this city, September 17, ISM.
I to the wife of G. Burton Waterman, a daugh-
ter.
i "^ ■ . .
MARRIED.
KIERNAN— In Reno, September
24, 1899, Alfred E. H. Apthorpo and Emma C.
Kiernan, both of San Francisco.
BURNS— KERN— In this city, September 7.
1599, at the Church of the Advent, by the
Rev. H. Parrlsh, James M. Burns and Elsie
Lena Kern.
JACKSON— MacDUFF— this city, October 21,
1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Frank Parker Jackson and Eaidee Mac Duff,
both of San Francisco.
KAVANAUGH-CONNELLT— In Santa Cruz,
September 25, 1899, by the Rev. Father Mc-
Namee, John T. Kavanaugh of Baltimore
and Cecelia Connelly of San Francisco.
MULI.F.R— In this city. October
18, 1899. by the Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebblna.
Hermann F. Muller and Fenny Antolne Bar-
then, both of San Francisco.
TSCHURR— LAMMERT— In this city, October
19, MM. by the Rev. J. Fu»n<2ellng. Louis
Jakob Tschurr and Mrs. Hedwig Lammert.
WESCH— HARTMANN— In this city, October
21. 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Henry B.
W. Wesch and Meta Hartmann.
_____ _____
DIED.
Alexander, Simon Lee. Hannah
Bock, John A. Lv bbock, William
Borden, Catherine Meter. Christ
Breviere, Alick Michaelis. George
Campbell, Vernon isorton. Miss Hose
Cereerhlno, Mary J. Peterson. Rose
Chavanette, Joseph Reynolds, Tlicmas R.
Cnesney, Mrs. Jane Riebe,. Helena
Crew, Mrs. A. C. Welly, Francis J.
Furnham. Abble F.R. Robertson, Dr. H. D.
Field, llazzie Rodders, Harry
Garretty. John Stampers, Esmond
Bannigan, John S. Tyler, Alfred F.
Hart, John Yon Hadeln, Peter J.
Hensel. F.lenore Woodbury, George H.
Hill. Anna L. Wooll, John
Hoops, John C.
: ALEXANDER/- In this city, October 20, 1899,
Simon Alexander, beloved father of Harry,
James, Hatt.e and line Alexander, a native
of Germany, aged 65 years.
|^7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1562 Webster street, corner of Post,
! tl>"nce by train leaving Third and Townsend
Streets at 11:30 o'clock to Hills of Eternity
Cemetery for Interment.
1 HAR HARMORIAH Lodge No. 8. O. K. S. B.—
Funeral committee will meet at their hall,
121 Eddy street, at 10 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of Simon Alexander. By order of
A. MORRIS. President.
BOCK— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 21. 1899. John A. Bock, a native of
Prussia, aged 60 years.
I BORDEN— In this city. October 20, 1899, Cath-
erine Borden, dearly beloved wife of P. M.
Borden, and mother of Nellie and Edna May
Borden, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years 7 months and 20 days.
[C7"Frlen<3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros. Services at St.
Patrick's Church at 2 o'clock.. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BREVIERE— In this city. October 21. 1899.
Alick Breviere. beloved son of the late Mrs.
Michael Nolan, and nephew of Patrick and
the late John Mclnerny, a native of Sacra-
mento, Cal., aged 27 years and IB days.
l£7"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, tlienoe to St. Joseph's Church for
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— At his residence. 918 Sixteenth
street, Oakland, Vernon Campbell, a native
of New Brunswick, aged 44 years 2 months
and 9 days.
IP^Frlcncis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
.F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CER.EUHINO— In IMb city. October 19. 1899.
Mary J. Cereghlno. beloved wife of Joseph
| Cereghlno, beloved daughter of lien and Jen-
nie Lundy, sister of Grace, Ben and George
Lundy, and daughter-in-law of Mary Cere-
ghlno, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years and 1 month.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited <to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 329^ Green street, near Kearny. In-
terment Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County.
CKAVANETTE— In this city. October 20, 1599
Joseph Chavanette, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. Chavanette. brother of Marcelln Chava-
nette, and grandson of Mrs. Marguerite
Nogueres, a native of France, aged 24 years
8 months and 2 days.
iryi'riends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Winter lane, off Mason street, be-
tween Union and Green, thence to the French
Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires, where
services will be held.
CHESNEY— In this city, October 21, 189», Mrs
Jane Chesney, beloved mother of John. James
Alexander and Mary Cheeney, a native or
Ireland, aged 77 years.
CREW— In this city, October 21, 1399, Mrs. A
C. Crew, a native of Virginia, aged 80 years.
FARNHAM— In Oakland. October 2L 1899
Abbie F. R., wife of Charles A., and mother
! of Ethel R. Farnham, a native of New HauiD-
Ehlre.
HfcNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
10 Firth st., opposite Lincoln Boaool.
Telephone South i% ■
FIELD-In this city. October 18. 1899, Masale,
dearly beloved wife of Albert E. Field, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ellen Doherty, stepdaughter of
Michael Doherty. and sister of Frank Mc-
Lauchlln and Millie, Nellie, Rosie. Sarah
and Agnes Doherty, a native of Crawford
County, Kansas, aged 24 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residenoe of
her aunt, Mrs. leo. 339 Jessie street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GARRETTY— In this city. October 10, 1899.
John, relict of Maria Garretty, and father of
Michael and Mary Garretty, a native of
France, aged 68 years.
ErFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at (5:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 105 Tilden street, thence to Mission
I) lores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANNIGAN— this city. October 19. 1899,
John SSt. t beloved husband of Lucretla L.
Hannisran, father of Eddie. H. and Mary E.
Hannlgan, and stepfather of Mrs. Jennie
Ortlon and William A., Clarence and Edith
Bradley, a native of Roxbury. Mass., aged
61 years 9 months and 19 days.
tCFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 35 Zoe street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannen street, near Fourth, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE members of Branch No. 22. Glass Bottle-
. blowers' Association, will assemble at the fu-
-1 neral Darlors of H. F. Maass, < 917 Mission
Street, this day (Sunday), at 8 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of their late brother. John
5. Hannlran.
HART— In this city, October 15. 1899, John
Hart, a native of Canada, aged E0 years.
Friend 3 art* respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENSEL— In this city, October 20, 18">9, Ele-
nore, beloved wife of the late Carl Hensel,
mother of Carl and Fred Hensel, mother-in-
law of Johanna Henael, and grandmother of
Ida, Bertha, Ellse and Herrman Hansel, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years 10 months
and 14 days. A member of Germanla Coun-
cil No. 180, O. C. F.
C— 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday,) at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son, Fred Hensel, 2242 Filbert street, be-
tween Flllmore and Stelner. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HILL— In Sausallto, October 21, 1599. Anna I*..
beloved mother of Josephine, Elizabeth, Wil-
liam B. and Thomas L. Hill, a native of
Canada, aped 71 years.
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 24, at 11:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Sausalito. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Friends desiring to attend the funeral
will take the 11 o'clock Sausalito boat.
HOOPS— In this city, October 19, 1899, John C,
dearly beloved son of Doris and the late
Frederick J. Hoods, and dearly beloved
brother of Fred and Anna Hoops, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and 21
days. A member of Sequoia Parlor No. 160,
N. S. G. W., and San Francisco Turn Verein.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1506 Mason street, thence to San Fran-
cisco Turn Vereln Hall, Turk street, where
services will be held at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of San Francisco Turn Vareln. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LEE— In this city, October 20. 1899. Hannah,
beloved wife of Joseph Lee, and mother of
Mrs. Louise E. Donald and Miss Ada Lee, a
native of England, aged 66 years 10 months
and IS days.
HJT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 442 Guerrero street, thence to St.
John's Church, Fifteenth street, near Valen-
cia, where services will be held at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LUBBOCK— In Alameda, October 20, 1899. Wil-
liam Martin, father of Dr. C. H. Lubbock.
aged 79 years 10 months and 20 days. (San
Jose and Texas papers please copy. )
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Grand street and Santa Clara
avenue.
MEIER— this city, October IS. 1839, Christ,
dearly beloved husband of Beta Meier, father
of John. Chris and Tlllle Meier and Mrs. W.
Menges, and brother of Conrad Meier, a na-
tive of Lohmstadt, Hanover, Germany, aged
58 years and 9 days.
ITT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday,) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Eln-
tracht Hall, Twelfth street, near Folsom,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of the Verein Eintracht commenc-
ing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery- *
MICHAELIS— In this city October 21, 1899,
Georrre Michaells, beloved husband of Heleno
MkhaWis. and father of George E.. Emlle
and Tillie Mlchaelis and Mrs. Richard T.
Kepsler, a native of Rnuensteln. Germany,
aged 65 years 8 months and 19 days. (New
York papers please copy.)
NORTON— In Stockton, October 21, 1899, Miss
Rose Norton, beloved sister of Mrs. Michael
Lyons, a native of BalllnaEloe. County Ros-
cemmon, Ireland, aged 55 years.
PETERSON— In St. Helena. October 16, 1899.
Rose Peterson, beloved sister of Mrs. Emma
Fehlen. a native of Sweden, aged 35 years.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post, thence to I. O. O. P.
Cemetery crematory.
REYNOLDS— In Salinas, Cal.. October 19, 1899.
Thomas R.. beloved husband of the late Fran-
ces E. Reynolds, and father of Mrs. Frances
L. Liddle, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 77
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
RIEBE— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 20, 1899, Helena Riebe. a native of New
York, aged 48 years. .',;•.
RIELLY— In this city, October 19, 1899. Fran-
cis Jerome, beloved husband of Annie Rielly,
father of Mary, Thomas, William, Charles,
Maggie and Francis Rielly, and brother of
Mrs. John Fannon, Mrs. John Qulnn and
John McHugh, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 49 years 11 months and 7 days.
1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from, hia late resi-
dence, l"i Rlncon place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services at 12:15 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemtery. Oakland, by
1 o'clock boat, creek route. A solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrrated for the re-
pose of the soul of Francis Jerome Rlelly at
Bt. Brendan's Church, First and Harrison
Btrcfrts, to-morrow (Monday), commencing at
9 o'clock.
ROBERTSON— In this city, October 19. 1899,
Dr. Henry D. beloved husband of Helen
Robertson, father of FranKie Page Robert-
' Bon, and stepfather of Carl and John Lehn-
ers, a native of Alabama, aged 45 years. A
member of Howard I>odKe No. 96, F. and A.
M., of Yreka, Cal.; Cyrus Chapter No. 15. R.
A. M., and Golden Gate Commandery No. 16,
K. T.
C_"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner of Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the auspices of Mount Morlah Lodge No.
44, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
RODGERS— In tha City and County Hospital.
October 20. 1899. Harry Rodgers, a native of
Georgia, aged 37 years.
STAMPERS— In this city. October 21. 1899. Ed-
mond Wlers. youngest son of Maggie Stamp-
ers, and grandson of Mrs. Margaret Wlers, a
native of Petaluma, Cal., aged 3 years 11
months and 29 days.
TYLER— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 21, 1899, Alfred F. Tyler, a native of
Virginia, aged 87 years.
YON HADELN— In this city. October 20. 1899.
at his residence-, 1601 Powell street, Peter J.
yon Hadeln, son of the late John and Henri-
etta, and brpther of Annie yon Hadeln. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 39 years.
ICRenialns at the funeral parlors of N.
Gray Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
WOODBURY— In Sidney, Australia. September
6, 1599. George H., beloved son of George E.
and the late Flora Haines Woodbury, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months
and 4 days.
t_"The funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, at How-
ard-street M. E. Church, opposite New Mont-
gomery street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
WOOLL— In this city, October 19. 1899, John
Wooll, a native of Hastings. England, born
1828.
fCyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the services this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, at his late residence, 1312 California
street. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. <
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edward Duncan to George O. Davis, lot on
BE line of Folsom street. 342:8 SW of Third,
SW 150, SE Hi. NE 110, SE 70, NE 40, NW 160.
and right of way on Louisa street; also lot
on NE line of Seventh street, ICO SE of Bry
nnt. SE 100 by NE 85; also lot on NW line of
Clementina street, 825 SW of Fifth, SW 25
by NW 7. r i; also lot on X line of Powell street,
77 N of Washington, N 20 by E 60; also lot on
NE corner of Stockton and North Point streeta
E 137:6 by N 275; $10.
John G. Klumpke to D. McNeil, lot on W
line of Ninth avenue, 125 N of L street, N 25
by W 120, quitclaim deed; $10.
Daniel and Anita B. McNeil to Solomon Getz.
same; $10.
Angelo and Delia Beretta to John Dougherty,
lot on S line of N street. 57:6 E of Thirty-fifth
avenue, E 100, S 100, E 100. S 200, W 240, N 200,
E 57:6. N 106; also lot on E line of Thirty
fifth avonue, 100 N of O street. N 50, X 120,
S £0, E 37:6, S 100, W 125, N 100. W 32:6; $10.
Alameda County.
J. H. and Hrzle S. N. Youn* to Joaeph A.
McGowan. lot 9 In block 61, being 33:4 feet by
100 on NB corner of Jefferson and Park or Post
streets. Alameda: JBS6.
Joseph and Clara Wundech to Daniel and
Mary T. Tray, same, Murray Township; $10.
Colly F. and Qnoa W. Wrlfht to Claud* V.
Wlshart, lot on N line of Isabella »treet. 500
W of San Pablo avenue, W *5 by N U9:J"4.
Oakland; $10.
W. L. and Matilda S. Garner to C. K. Mar
ehall. lot on N line of Fortieth street. 150 E of
Grove. E S2 by N 110. being lot 9, resubdlvi*lon
Morrtgrcmery Tract, Oakland; $10.
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehart to France* A.
Williamson, lot 4, block A. Vicente Peralta
Reßorvatlon Tract at Temescal. Oakland; JlO,
Builders' Contracts.
C. F. Buckley fowner) with J. W. Smith
(contractor), architect Charles J. I. Devlin —
Alterations and additions to 1-story brick build
ing on N line of Market St.. 100 w of City Hall
aye.. W 60 by N 100; $2930.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B T Murehte, Nev CltylW S Dwlnell, Minn
D R Draper, Ls Ang Miss E W Kinz, Chico
R L Hinds, U S N R S Curie, San Jose
B F Leete, Reno ;O E Gardner. Orovllle
A J Duncan, .Nashville ,Q B Porter Salinas
A S Xeal, Redwood J A Brophy &. w, Cal
J T Lanagan, Stanford "W C Barrett & w, N V
R J Keith, Stanford iB M Wilson, Chlco
W M Parker. Stanford B E Haley. CaJ ,
C Stephens, Stanford iE T Ferguson. Adln
A Throner, Portland C Anderson. Los Anj
H H Dana, A lamed a J T Johnson, S Barb
H B Crowe & W Cal T H Slmmonds. Cal
R Beavan, Victoria C H Smith. Mass
Mrs L N Thompscn.Cal C Stocks Gr Valley
H C Thompson, Cal ]P H O'Brien, Cal
J T York. Xapa iT B Smith, Phlla
J Grover. Colusa (J McKm V S N
J L Bryson, Plymouth 'H J Budd, Knoxvllla
J A Wllklns, Dawson W O Renns. Phlla
H Wei!, Jackson jW H Murphy, Cal
S Butler, Grass Valley A Pennfngton, Uklah
L J Gllman, S Rosa !W W Marpa &w, Neb
G W Jones & w, Cal ' C L Harper, Denver
L A Mclntosh. Chlco J McDermott, Denver
J O Jlllson, Hornbrook O A Dercomming, Cal
G W Dwlnell, Montagu
PAI-ACE HOTEL.
J B Crearh. Phlla ID C Leeker, N T
P H Cofferman. Cal ;Dr W S Taylor, Cal
W W Fnote. Oakland ! T W Watson. Stanford
Chas R Shoaff, USA T T Sharpies. Cal
E T Ferguson, Cal John T Moore., N V
Geo B Glover, Colusa J P Churchill, Yr«ka
G B Cole. Cal ;L Mule. N T
0 B Vlckerßon Wls ;Mrs Mule. N V
Geo B Turner, Wash | F II Green, S Rafaol
Chas B Swlsler Cal 'Dr Hortog, Brusseli
H W Merrlday, U S A |E C Mix. N V
M Tilloteon. NY |P Lowenkrants. N J
C E Knecht, Stanford W D Flltß, Chicago
Mrs D B Rawson, L A !.T A McCulloch Kj
H Heyman, N V I Mrs J A M<Cullo e h, Ky
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A M Bvmes. Cal J C Morgan, Cal
J Bailey, San Josa F Tetsall, Haywardi
W Ftuart, Aubiirn C Hunt, Haywardp
P Langham. San Jo*e J B Montgomery Mo
M Downey, Rio Vista W Fielder. Seattle
N J Phelan Toronto P Mlllane. Seattle
G S Carr, Elk Grove H Roberts. Petaluma
J Carr. Elk Grove iJ L Swain, Fresno
B Putslie, Vallejo IC F Maxwell, Tacoma
A McDonald. Cal iJ Bradley, Marj-svlll*
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued on Pa^e 18.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 81.
Stmr Santa Cms. Hlnkle, 13« hours from
Seattle.
Stmx Coos Bay. Glelow, 71 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Jap Btmr Hongkong Mam. Filmer. 27 days
from Honekonir, via Yokohama IT days, via
Honolulu 6 days 11 hours 27 minutes.
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, 4% days from Port-
Stmr National City, Dettmera. 108 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Br ship Sierra Blanea. Spencer. 6J days from
Schr Nettle Low. Low, I hours from Point
Reyes. CLEARED,
CLEARED.
Saturday. October 21.
Stmr Olymula. Truebrld**. Portland: U B
Government. ' ' . 
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, Ban Pedro; Ooodall,
Perkins /- Co. .
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, Isanalmo; John
Rosenfe.d's Sons.
Saturday, October IX.
Etmr Alcazar, Gunderson, Greenwood.
Btmr AlcatrsLZ, Carlson, . V
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederaon. Nanaima.
Nor Btmr Irenes, Nanalmo.
Haw bark Mauns. Ala, Smith. Honolulu.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Honolulu.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Bowens Land
"fchr Francis Alice, Wallstedt. Unra.
Schr Corinthian, Kr>rth, Bowens Landln*. •
■ Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Hllo.
Bohr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blhlers Point.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom, Eureka,
Bark Sea Kin*. Wallace, Puprst Sound.
Schr Premier, Wagner Olympla.
U S stmr Marblehead, Colby. San Die**.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Townsend. Wicks. .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
Sehr Barbara Hamster, Andflndsen. Fort
hr' Laura Madsen. Jors^nson, Grays Har
bor. «_m,.™n
RETuR E t>.
Saturday, October H.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland, hence Oct 20 for Santa
Cruz, returned for medical assistance for one
Stmr Townsend. McKenzl©, henoe this morn
.mc for Seattle, returned on account of one of
Schr*Laura Mad3en. hence this afternoon,
on account of thick foe.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 21, 10 p Weather
thick; wind calm.
V RPOKISN.
Per Br "hip Sierra Blanca— Oct 9, lat W 65
N. lon 123 2S W. Br bark Auldglrth. from Iqul-
Q Oct 10. iat 27 38 N. lon 129 47 Shlo AJ.*
Gibson from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
OTSTER BAY— Arrived Oct 21— Ship Charm
er from Honolulu.
UMPQUA— SaiIed Oct Schr Louise, for San
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr
Nnvarrrv. from Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct Stmr Weeott. hnc
Oct 19' stmr South Coast, hence Oct IT; schr
Eva, hence Oct 15; tug Ranger, hence Oct 18.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 21— Schr De
fiance h**nco Oct 7.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 21— ship Crown of
Germany from Shanghai; Br ship Alcinlous.
"fort'SSs ANGEL^-Salled Oct 21-Br ship
GRAYS a HARBOR-Arrlved Oct »I— Schr
Dauntless, from Guaymas; schr North Bend,
hence Oct 13.
h Sailed Oct 21— Etmr Westport. for —
A— Arrived Oct 21— Br ship Lady Isa
bella, from Victoria; Br bark Woodburn, from
A Sailed Oct Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran-
C 'sAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct Schr Marl« E
olltl, for Port Ludlow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 21-Shlp
Spartan, hence Oct 6; schr Inca, from Hono-
U COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 21— Schr Neptune,
honce Oct 9; schr Daisy Rowe. hence Oct 18. .
Sailed Oct 21-Stmrs Signal, Ruth and Luella,
for SRn Franclfico.
< COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 21. I P Stmr Ar
cata, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Valencia,
hence Oct 5; Btmr Slhk, from Portland.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 21— Br stmr Doric.
°NANAIMO— Arrived Oct Stmr Mlneola.
from Port Los Angeles.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct Stmr Georee W
El'd?r hence Sept 21, via Honolulu; D S stmr
Sherman, hence Sept 23. via Honolulu.
Sailed Oct Aua stmr Siam. for Honolulu.
ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous to Oct Sl—
Stmr Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Hongkong; Btmr Doric, from Hongkonj. for
San Francisco: stmr Monmouthshire, from
Honfrkonp, for Portland. Or.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Etrurla.
from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Palatla. for Hamburr:
stmr Menomee, for London; stmr TAicanla, for
Liverpool; stmr Maasdam. for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne; stmr La Oa.«co|rne, for Havre; stmr
Anchorla; for Gla?(row.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Columbia.
from New York, via Cherbourg and Southamp
ton. ■'•."■.' ■■.■■-0..V
--GENOA—Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Werra. from
New York, via Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct Stmr TJra
brla. for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr La Cham
pnmo. from Havre.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
fiVVWSafia^f Auckland for Nov. i
tt -^— — -^ Wednesday, Nov. 1,
di^^ I* > ' "t 1" P- m.
/^""'"K,, a " 8 for . Honolulu
. . (oIDFifIRM- Wednesday. Nov. 15.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez'
England, etc.; $610 first-class. .
». 0. SKHECKELS « tiKub.CO., Agts.. '14 Montgomery
Pter 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 0f1Rc«.327 W»rVetSt
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEK3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VAI.LEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON 4 Tue»^ Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t.u
a. m. 8:16. 8:80 p. ra. «ex. Thurs. night), r"rl-
day», 1 p. m. and 8:80; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE .....,.„..,.„ TV M«^m W«
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
framtlmerican
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slat day of December, A. D.
18*8, and for the year ending: on that day, as i
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the '
Btate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, ,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com- i
missioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash .$300, 000 00 ■
ASSETS. "
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by Company 1305,024 39 ;
Cash in banks 34,166 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 2,38190;
Premiums in due course of collection.. 4,655 35 :
Total assets $366, *27 39 j
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense $343 00
Oross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-Insurance 60 per cent 7,210 01 ;
Total liabilities 18,055 01 !
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $7,780 39
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
sources 5,203 54
Total Income $12.983 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (Including
losses of previous years) $79 90
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,917 Si
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 8,708 35
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 616 SI
All other payments and expenditures.. 7.271 C.I
Total expenditures 113.593 70
F. O. VOSS. Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH, Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1899.
EDWIN F. CORET,
Commissioner for California In New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansorae Street,
r SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j»w Steamers leave Broadway
<£»«*•*_ wharf. San Francisco.
f *'*£S*TE»*. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
&P-**3>r3!!fck c* l - 3 - 8 ' 13 - 18 . 23 - 2S; Nov -
IPi tXhir&STi 2 > change at Seattle.
! GGskZZM «»1 For Victoria. Vancouver ;
I ®Ks\3f*»Jvl (B. C) Port TownSTid, Be- '.
I / attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana- !
""yrffia cortes and New Whatcom
"~ (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
13, 18, 23, 28; Not. 2, and '
every fifth flay thereafter; change at Seattle !
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver |
to C. P. Rt.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Oct. 6,
11, 16, 26, 11; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there- j
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cavu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro .
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9 i
a. m., Oct. 8, 7, 11. 15, 19, 25, XI. 31; Nov. 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfonl
(San Lula Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Oct. 5. J, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cnbo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change !
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates I
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agta.,
10 Market St., San Franciseow
THE 0. ft. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE 812 First Class Including Berth
THIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 80; Nov. 9, 19, 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4, 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. I*l St. Paul Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25 1 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, IS noon.
West«rnland ...Oct. IS Frlesland Nov. 3
Kensington ....Oct. 20 Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland Not. 1, Westernland ...Nov. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Pawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday Nov 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday,' Nov" 25
AMERICA-MARL' Thursday. Dec 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -r^.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot <^fjrfTs
Saturday, from November 2. 1899 at --V*v-*^>.
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. »: LA
TOURAINE, Nov. SO; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7
First-class to Havre. $80 and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $415; 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
Ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Const Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. San
Fr» nelson.
RATLItOAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
FBI •
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
nd Rio Grande railways In connection
•with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco dally at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing-Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
i '
For Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER, General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Sun Francisco via tiausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, October L 1898.
WEEK DAYS— »:» a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
BUNDAYB-4.00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Tare 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
grUOS. CWK A SON. Aft... 621 Market it.
RATXBOAD TRAVEL.
•WCTIIKKN J'ACiritT COMPANT.
(PACIFIC system.)
VraiM l««i»»e mill »••«■* <Im« • © i»rrl»» at
NA» KBANCWtO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
UtAVB — From October 15, 1899. — arriv«
•7:00 a Beuicia, SuUun and Sacramento.... •7:45p
•7:00*. Marysvi'.!:- Orori'.la via Woodland.
E'inira, VacaviUoand Rumsey.... •1:43*
•TiOO a Shasta Express-Davis. Willows.
Red Bluff, Portland.. .......... "7:43f
•7:3» a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*.
Ca.listop» will Santa Rosa "Biinr
•*:OO*Ths OTerliml Limited— Ogden.
Omaha. Chicago •••••/;••• 3i13 »
•»i!IO* San .lose. I.ivermore. .Stockton.
lone. Sacramento, Placrnrille,
Marystilln, Chico, Keel Bluff !1 : !? p
•»::;0a ■Hilton. Oakdalc and Honara ..7 ! }_>r
•0:00* Hazards. Nilea and Way .Stations. • II: 8»\
•0:OOa Atlantic r.*i>rc3s— Ogden nr.d East *U:«»A
•9:00 a Martinez, Trio;. Latlirop. (Stockton,
Merced end Vrosno »14:13f
•l):»o< Fresno Uakersiie)- '. Santa Barbara,
Lea Angeles. Iteming, El r»80,
New Orleans and Ea5t. . . ... Jr... *« :4 |>»
•10:00 A Vulk-jo, Martinez and Way Stations •''*.-*
•1 1 :OOa H:: jTrarda, Niks aud Way Stations. *£:*•**
'I«:OOm KUca, U»cnr,ore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, llcndota, Ilanford. Visalia, .
Ptrterrlllo !i\.?> F
fi:OOp Sacramento Rf tot I?*?? 1 '
•3:©op IlafTTsrda, Xiles and Way Stations. •.">t4sr
•4:(»l>r Mm tine/. Sun Kawoii, Vallejo,
Naiia. Uallstoga, Santa Itosa •U«ll»*
•4:00r BcnlcU, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knlgbts Landing,
Marysriilo, Orovillo •IO:«A
••lißQpNiles, Han. Tn:oaud Stockton *7«I3»
•s:«OpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersfleld. Haugus for Kanta Bar-
l:,iv.; Lou Aoce!«a »1»:48a
•S:3or Stockton, Merced. Fresno M2ilsr
Martinez, Tracy, Mondota, Fresno,
MojftTa ami l.on Aiik<>l«3 i »»i4»a
•3::i«p Hanta. I » Itonto— Atlantic KipraM
for MoJaTt. and Bast -et-ISp
•C:OOp Havirards, Niles and Han Jose •7:4. - >a
t6:3OrVa!lcjo.°; »i««l»*
•«:3<M- Oriental Mail-OgJen and East •Bi3Op
}7:00r Vollejo, Tor*. Costa and Way BU-
tlona.. JO;3sr
•8:O5r Or Eon and California lixi>rciis,Hac-
riuneiili). Marysfillp. KnMlne,
rorllnn.l, I'ngnt Spin..! Mid l'!(iat > g:lBA,
COAST DIVISION (Karrovr Ga«f«).
' (Foot of Mark-:!. Street.) _^__^
•S«l3a JJoTrark.tJenterTillc.HiinJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
BUUoes »5«»9»
f2t ISr Newark, Cent.MviHo, San Jobo, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa ("ni7. and Principal Way
Stations f lOi.IOa
••«:15p Wowark, Han Jobo, Lo3 Gates. •©:«©*
til :>•">>' Hunters' Excnnlca, San Joss and
Way .Htatior.B t7«2or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma bib fßliiCi:.fO-Kc«'. of «»rk.t str«»t (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.JI. }1:CO *2:00 13:08
♦4:00 15:03 •6:3Qi\U.
rr«nOi:u«D— root •rire»dw»y.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
_ tlS:OO '1:00 13:03 *3:00 ti.OO "3:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iauge).
(Third itnti Townscnd Sts.)
tO:IUA Ocean Vluvr. South Man Francisco.. JaiaUr
•7:OOa Ban Jose ki 4 .l Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) »liBOr
•»r»«A Han Jose. Tren Vinos. Santa Cru»,
Paciilc Grove. Paso Hobles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way Stations M»l©F
•l(»t40A San Joan and Wuy Stations »«:anA
•I1:UOa San Jose and Way Stations *S:3O»
t*ilsr San Mateo, Redwood, Mer.lo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Finos, Santa Cruz. Salina*,
Monterey and Taclllo GroTd tlOs3«A
tß:3op San Jose and Way Stations •7:3t»p
i4:lsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations •!>:-43a
San Jose and Principal Way Stations ♦»:«•>*
•5:30r San Jose »nd Principal Way Stations "*i33a
•tt::tOr> Sati Joso and Way Stations t»:O«A
bll:4."»p San Jose and Way Stations *?:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. t Sunday excerited. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
T 1 TTj £5 tr^X TH TD
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN' RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a., m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:19, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:3«, 3:30
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:30, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
l>are Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
October 15, -
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S:4O am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 19:25 am
5:10 pin B:CO pra Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:22 pm
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor. 10:J3 am
Healdsburj,
Lytton.
G-eyservlllev
S:3O pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2? pin
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:55 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at G;yservllle for Skagga
Spring!, ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Tipper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whltesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, TTsal. Wtllltts. Laytonville. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. . f.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Svnday* round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket OffWs. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldr.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
I Santa Feßpute
Fiji /^^— %**^i
ll(^ gLOSA«CEt.-ES» *FHOEW>|
lp|^ C SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
P THR MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PTJIX-
! MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
I HOLSTEKED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FORCTHCAuO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 5.80 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FR£D
i HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
1 KVERY l'?TA!l, '
Read Down. VAIJ»EY ROAD. ReadUn.
•J:2oaml|iC:»oam Stockton t».40 pml 6:00 D nj
1:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced t 12:10 pS 4:U pi
10:40 am { s:tt pm Fncio « : oo am i;\i pm
11:88 am 9 7:46 pm Hanford I fj :00 am 145 am
t :26 pm 112:30 am BakerafleW Jl:oo am UOO am
11:69 ami t«:25 pm Vlßalla ] 15:20 am 1:22 p2
12:16 pm| t6:53 pm Tulara f (4:25 am <l:05 pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. JExcept Monday"
6nn Francisco Ticket Office. 62S Market *t.j
T»l. Main 161 L '
Oakland Office. 1118 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, ifOl J »t. • ;
Ban Jos* Office. 1 West Santa Clara it.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MlllL VALLFT
'ni^^Kssi RAFAEL. ■■■-•* n^
! &&*&&&* V°- nm " m - : **
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra.
ars:oo an^°?l d to yi! dnesda " •»* Saturday
*:f 8U?4?4£^0:%B U ?4?4£^o:% ni:M «• »•« "M*
Trains marked (•) run to Fan Ou»ntin
•12:30. 2:15. '3:40. -oflS d m -f^SCO.
•12:30. 2:15. •3:4O~»sTIS p m ** m -*
12:35^ 2:35. 8:48 520 p m " *• m -
Ba^rd^s If °a n nd M lo n^ y S- an*
t:MV N 6 :« A J. b m BOii - lU; ° 5 a ' m : »* *^
nn THROUGH TRAINSCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
led increase in Bank Clearings last week.
er tinner. New York siglii exchange higJur.
I 'heat closed ihe week dull and depressed.
r cereals remain about as before.
i Hay continues to improve.
'■rrable Hay and Straw damaged by the rain.
.toes and Vegetables unchanged.
tinued advance in Beans.
Her and Eggs quiet at ihe high quotations.
Poultry quiet and nominal. Game firm.
1 1 me Grapes higher again, owing to ihe rain.
drapes in heavy supply and hard to move.
inberries plentiful and weak.
limes declined under fresh arrivals. Lemons firm,
i Fruits firm and in good demand.
Hops hard to sell.
? f 00l and Fruit Bags advanced all around.
Cottolene advanced.
Charters.
The Lottie Bennett loads Lumber at Port
Gan:ble for Hllo.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $20,497,
---462, against $16,929,572 for the same week in
LS3B.
Australian Gold.
The Moana brought up from Australia
11.1K.951 In English sovereigns, making $.12.-
T. 3.126 thus far this year and $50,539,001 since
the Influx began In August. 1897.
Barley and Oats.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. gays:
BARLEY— Receipts for the -week. 118.933 ctls.
Despite this rains the deal In December Bar
ley goes merrily on. Good, heavy rains In
October are surely Indicative of a wet winter
and abundant harvests next rear. Possibly
Ihe heavy export movement this year may
•nable the holders of Barley to hold the mar
ket up, but with lots of Barley in sight and
still unsold they certainly have a heavy cor.
tract.
The local demand for Feed Barley contin
ues normal. Brewers are still in the field
for desirable lots and shippers willingly take
bright export Barley at current rates, but as
a. rule they make the rates.
OATS — Receipts for the week. 25. 560 ctls. Re
ceipts show an Increase over last week of
about £000 ctls. but the movement from the
north haa already begun. Of this week's re
ceipts the States of Oregon and Washington
contributed, say BSOO ctls. showing that Cali
fornia has by no means exhausted her own
supply of feed Oats.
Except for choice Oats the outlook Is not
bright and we rather look for lower prices
tor stained northern Oats. Good milling Oats,
either gray or white, are In good demand.
Strictly choice white Oats are In even better
Semand. owing to their ecarcltv. The market
for off-grade Oats Is dull and somewhat In
clined to weaken. Reds and blacks are firm.
but have not as yet advanced any to speak
of. The end of the present storm should bring
about a good demand for both reds and blacks
for seed.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New Tork Commercial says: "The gen
eral conditions of the market are unchanged,
except that the firmness In some lines appears
to be Increasing. Buying Is principally of
small lots, though the aggregate amounts to
b large business. Spot Roods are moving
freely at full quotations and some shortage is
noticeable already, or at least some difficulty
in filling orders is experienced. Prices are
with advancing tendency and It Is prac
tically impossible to secure any concessions
from holders.
"Sales of Prunes are small, though negotia
tions for some fairly large blocks are reported.
So far there has been Tittle eu*culatlve buy
ing, and now speculators are not finding their
task easy, owing to the Impossibility of se
curing supplies of the four sizes. Sales are
principally of the three sizes of St. Claras at
Sc basis, f. ii.*-.. In bags. Four sizes are said
to command Tc Outside goods are a trifle
lower, but sales are not large. The supply will
b» ample for all requirements, but up to the
present time holders have made no concessions.
It seems, however, that buyers are more will-
Ing to meet the views of sellers, and heavier
transactions are likely to result.
"Raisins are selling well at the present rate
of prices, and the prospect Is that there will
be an advance in the near future. Foreign
Raisins, especially Malagas, are in rood de
mand at full prices. The high prices of do
mestic Raisins have helped the foreign goods,
and the outlook Is that there will be further
increases in the near future.
"Peaches are firm, but trading la slow, be
cause the situation is becoming complicated.
"Western speculators axe holding a number of
hundred cars. It Is Impossible to say how
many, which are entirely out of the market
for the time. Added to th!» there are Increas
ing reports that the output will not be as
large as was expected. The result Is a hard
ening of the market, which promises higher
prices.
"Apricots are firm at full previous prices
Jobbers are the only holders, and they have
n<» supplies of Importance on hand. Th»»y hold
everything firm, refusing to make concession
en large lots."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO. October 21. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
£' Jr * k a «1 San Diego «4
£>*Eno ... 72 ; Sacramento 52
\f\ '™ R ~' 3 70 Independence 70
Hfd Bluff •-: V .:. a $S
San Luis 0b18p0.... Go|
f2 Sa^i!T anCIPCO -c <3ata: Maximum temperature,
62. minimum. 06; mean. 69.
WEATUER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues low over the greater
KHltUl'ift th < Siflc Coast, and condition!,
are ttlil favorable for unsettled weather with
Ro O cky?M°oun r tkln:. entire country west of th
Thjre has been but little change in tem
«££mn^. nir « th« past twenty-four hours.
v^ri tJ ,. lh c, Sacramento Valley, an* east
fan Sierras, when there ha. been a
Polnl 3 r^ fa ! lea over the coast north of
wea her nr ? r .V° n ' and cloudy threatening
weather prevails "' h of the Tehachapi.
A thunderstorm If reported at Red Bluff.
iT&ss fL^r,r rt x reached a ■*■•
-.L" 1 1 '" 1 ' V ' nil velocity of twenty-eight
Tt Wlnner^urca, ° m the southwest 1. reported
h^rsrd t , n r»v n ,,S"cSsS' < a for **»
£^^ lt^^-^^th-en-
For Nevada-Showers Sunday.
For Showers Sunday
bSs&££^ OU " Sund * threatening
F '.'L Pan J^" ano 2»oo and vicinity— Cloudy un
: We u t w" r Bund »y. with occasional light
showers; light southwest winds " llgut
ALEXANDER G. McADIB.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21. — The traders in atocks
wen unable to Induce any noticeable movement
In prices during the two hours of trading. The
bear? wer> unable to attack the industrial spe
cialties when it became evident that the bulla
were not In an aggressive mood. Sales for
spot account were in evidence In the apeclalties
Mn:e of which dropped off a point or over.
I'.^rillzinK was also manifest In Pullman and
New V' rk Central, but the decline In prices
brought out no large offerings of stocks and
the bears had Kenerally covered their contracts
the bunk statement appeared, bringing
prices back to about last nlpht 8 level. A nom
inal Increase In the surplus reserve was seized
upon by the bulls to rush up the price of sugar
In an attempt to indue* a following. They were
as unsuccessful at the bears, and realizing
caused a reactionary tendency in the whole
list, which was very narrow In its activity. Tho
closing, therefore, was easy at trivial net !
changes either way.
The main features of the bank statement
were a repetition of those of last week. There !
Is nothing in it to encourage an expectation of
easier money, but as last week's similar state
ment led to no renewal of money stringency,
the stock market was Inclined to the view that
this week's showing might lead to no worse re- |
suit. The uneasy and undecided movements of
professional stock operators have caused a con
fused and Irregular movement of. prices. As i
the professionals were still largely committed
to the short side, the closing up of accounts has '
resulted in higher prices. That the short inter- ;
est has been largely reduced as a result of the |
week's operations and the strength of stocks
thus technically weakened Is a safe assump- .
tion.
In the bond market there was quite a steady !
absorption of long term, well-secured bonds at <
or below par and of '. per cent denomination.
Indicating a pressure for investment for capi
tal contented with that rate of return in spite
of higher Interest rates on money prevailing.
This development in bonds gave a firm under- ;
tone to the stock market, and the level of j
prices In many cases at present rate of divi- |
j dends Is Inconsistent with the high Interest j
' rates ruling.
The official compilation of the September 7
reports of the whole country shows that the
loans which had been called in by. the New
York banks had been put out again by other \
banks in the progress of the country's business
expansion. The New York contraction from :
June 30 to September 7 of $46,000,000' represented
speculation and liquidation in the stock market,
while the increase in loans of outside banks of
$50,000,000 indicated industrial expansion. The ;
exhibit cannot be called unfavorable even from
a stock market standpoint, if intrinsic values I
are considered rather than speculative boom j
j values.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I Shares j « Closlnz
I Sold. St<x-ks— Bid.
I.S2S Atchison 21 j
3,240 Atchison prefd 64 Vi
135 Baltimore & Ohio- 52?*
400 Canadian Pacific 93
Canada Southern 82*
500 Chesapeake & Ohio 25 '%
1.000 Chicago Great Western 14»4
3,305 Chicago Burlington & Qu1ncy.......131H <
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville I 12V*
800 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 42
260 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95 l
200 Chicago ft Northwestern 171%,
525 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 11%
I 1,325 C C C & St L0ui5...... BS\ j
Colorado Southern 4%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 454
Colorado Southern -d prefd 17
Delaware & Hudson 121U
€40 Delaware Lack & Western 190%
Denver & Rio Grande 21
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75
Erie 13 |
200 Erie Ist pre-fd 36% |
437 Great Northern prefd 173>>i ,
Hocking Coal 18%
Hocking Valley 32 i
5.190 Illinois Central 115%
100 lowa Central 13-4
lowa Central prefd 56Hs
Kaiisa* City Pittsburg & Gulf 7 4
Lake Erie & Western IS
Lake Erie & Western prefd SO 1 -*
Lake Shore 198 i
2.460 Louisville & Nashville S3
1.560 Manhattan L 108^
2,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 195
Mexican Central 13 7 4
Minneapolis & St Louis 71"- 4 .
Menneapolis & St Louis prefd 'm'-* ;
1.050 Missouri Pacific 4.)',
Mobile & Ohio -.. 44'j.
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12 1 *
120 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 3SH
1.910 New Jersey Centra] .' 120V4
9.135 New York Central 138 i
1,650 Norfolk & Western 2."V4 I
100 Norfolk & Western prefd C9H :
1,060 Northern Pacific 53*4
Northern Pacific prefd 754
100 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 i
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76* i !
3,560 Pennsylvania 132£
Reading 21 ;
950 Reading Ist prefd 58V4
400 Reading M prefd 32*4
Rio Grande Western 3714 i
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 81 %
St Louis & San Fran ' 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd.. 70
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3«'4 !
1.960 St Louis Southwestern 13%
210 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32^
1,960 St Paul 125%
St Paul prefd 178
6t Paul & Omaha 120
6,050 Southern Pacific ..., 33
2.610 Southern Railway 12
696 Southern Railway prefd 53%
500 Texas & Pacific 17^
14.700 Union Pacific 45U
3,100 Union Pacific prefd 76%
Wabash 714
1,500 Wabash prefd 21',j
650 Wheeling & Lake Erie 1114
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30V4
Wisconsin Central 16
Express companies— ■ •. . • •
Adams 114
American 149
United States A..... 51
Wells-Fargo 130
! Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95Vs
American Malting ." 12%
American Malting prefd 54
American Smelting & Refln 36V4
American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 87
American Spirits 314,
American Spirits prefd 20
1.600 American Steel Hoop 4t% I
American Steel Hoop prefd 82V£ |
1,000 American Steel & Wire 501.4 ,
350 American Steel & Wire prefd 95« !
American Tin Plate 36 i
American Tin Plate prefd 831^ |
6,900 American Tobacco 121%
100 American Tobacco prefd ..< 14314 I
220 Anaconda Mining Co -....< 45»i i
16,135 Brooklyn Rapid Transit "... 84% !
1.000 Colorado Fuel & 1r0n........ 5514
1.143 Continental Tobacco 41',
100 Continental Tobacco prefd. 911*. !
2.470 Federal St«!el " 53.V
100 Federal Steel prefd jpl
General Electric !ll9'A
6,120 Glucose Sugar ..."' 49" <
230 Glucose Sugar prefd .....'. 98 '
100 International Paper \[ 24% i
International Paper prefd .!"..!"! 70' i
627 Laclede Gas 77
200 National Biscuit 4014
National Biscuit prefd ...."! 97
800 National Lead '_']' 29 '
200 National Load prefd ' ""'lOl I
100 National Steel its/
National Steel prefd ... ' .*."— 941? ;
New York Airbrake '.'.'."" lh
185 North American ' " " 19
425 Pacific Coast " 48U
Pacific Coast Ist prefd .. ' """ 40
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd "" H
200 Pacific Mall lav
2.600 People's Gas j?ii?
200 Pressed Steel Car l£■
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd.... '*" eg
1,900 Pullman Palace Car "'2OIW
Standard Rope & Twine ' '"' fi {?
84,565 Sugar  u^f
Sugar prefd "117
600 Tennessee Coal & Iron 1,7 !
24,f00 United States Leather *" ,:,,
525 United Suites Leather prefd.. 772
United. States Rubber Ai*
"United States Rubber prefd... 110 *
125 Western Union ■.. " " e-u. '
200 Republic Steel 11$ \
Republic Steel pr»f(s *"" ™v j
P C C & St Louis ...'.'.'.'.. 737 ;
ICO. 300 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS. V;^ ->
U S4a reg 100V4 MX & T 2d5.... 65% '
Do 3s reg 1074* Do 4s 2 v '
Do 3s coup 10SH N V Cen lsts U2»4 :
Do new 4s reff..l2S34 J Cen gen 55... 119
Do new 4s coup.. 129*4 N Carolina 65.. 127 j
Do old 4s Teg v .m% Do 4a 104
Do old 4s coup. .112 |N Pac lsts 113
Do 6s reg 110 j Do Ss 65%
. Do us coup .112- Do 4s ; 101«
Dls of Col 8.655... .117 . N C4St L 45. .105 (
Ala class A 110 N -AW- con 4s 92%
Do class B 110 I Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 101"' Oregon Nay 15t5. .115
j Do currency 100 I Do 45;..... 103>4 J
M -.-..• ■ - . -. ; - -. ■ ..j -• ■ •*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 22. 1899.
Atch gen 4s $g^ Or Short Line 65... 127%
Do adj 4s 86" 8 I Do con 5s 115
Canada So 2d5....10S Reading Gen 45.... 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95 ROW lsts 97
Do 5s us St L& I M con ss. 110%
C & N con 7s 145 is L & S F Gen 65. 124%
Do S F Deb 65.. 105% St Paul Con 169
Chic Term 4s 98 Bt PC & P 15t5. .121% j
D & R G Ists 105 ; Do &s 120% I
Do 4s ?9'4 !Fo Railway 5s 108%
E. T V 4 G 15t*... 103% Stand R & T Ca.... 79
Erie Gen 4s 70% Term new set 35.. 95
F W & D G Ists.. 78 Tex & Pac Ists.. -.116
Gen Electric 55. ...112 I Do 2ds.. 58
GH&S A6s 110 fnlon Pac 4s 103%
Do 2ds 108 iWabash lßts 115
H & T Cen 85.....110%! Do 2ds 100%
Do Con 6s 110% -West Shore 4s -112
lowa Cen 15U....114 iWls Cen lsts 75%
X CP & G Ists.. 71 Va Centuries 86
La new con 45... .10* j Do Deferred 5
L & N Uni 4s 100 Colo So 4s 86
MINING STOCKS,
Chollar 80 Ontario ~- 1 75
• Crown Point 15 Ophir - 75
Con Cal & Va- 1 50 ■ Plymouth ... OS
Deadwcod .... 70 Quicksilver 158.;
Gould & Curry 25: Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 30 [Sierra Nevada 60 I
Homestake ' 65 00. Standard 3 00 ;
Iron Silver Bl Union Con 30
Mexican 20 i Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— do prefd 115
Call loans ... 6 Westingh Elec... 46
Time loans ....... B®6 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 98%
Atchlson __... 21H| Mining shares
do prefd ......... 64 1 * Adventure 8
Am Sugar <..148%iAllouez Mln C 0.... 4%
Bel! Telephone 86 Atlantic 26
Boston & Albany.. 107% ' Boston & Mont 343
C B .t Q.. Butte &- Boston.'.. «9
Fitehluirg prefd... ! Calumet & 8ed5. .745
Gen F.lec  119%, Centennial 24
do piefd 139 i Franklin .16
Fed Steel 58% Humboldt 1%
do prefd 77% Osceola S3
Mcx Cent 13% Parrot 44
Old Colony 206 Quincy 15
Old. Dominion 20%! Santa Fe Copper. 10
Rubber 45% j Tamarack 15
Union. Pacific 45 Wlnona 7
Union Land 4\ 1 Wolverines 40%
West End 93^1 Utah 36V-
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— The Financier says:
The associated banks of New York city lost
H.3TS,"S«n cash as a result of the operations of
the week just elapsed, but the reduction of re
serve requirements to the extent of $1,642,000
enabled them to a<ld something over a quarter
of a million to the surplus, bringing the ex
cess cash up to $1741,025. The cash decrease
was due entirely to the movement of rands
to the interior, sub-treasury operations having
been In favur of the t.,uik.s.
Interesting feature of the statement lies
In the continued decrease in loans ana 1 6 ■
its over the summer and fall season. Since
:- i of June ihe banks have reduced their
outstanding loans no less- than ; "• ■ . while
ts have contracted over 1140,000,000. As
•ins the c;ius. >, operating to bring about
the shrinkage, it is worthy oV note tiiat one
Institution which transacts mrre i r less busi
ness with the treasury has contracted its de
about $33,000,000 from the high point In
as a whole held on .nine 24
and legal ten '■
- Qt tha amount now report
ed. Figures like these go to show tin- enor
mous decreases which the banks have sus
tained since the open] miner. How
long this liquidation Is to continue is a mat
ter of conjecture. It does seem that the tide
must turn n
Making allowances for higher prices and the i
requirement of an increased business at the
Interior points the fact remains that many
country banks are carrying more money than
I usual, and now that the crop season Is ending
i it Is only natural that the surplus coming Into
, these institutions should seek lodging places
in the larger financial centers. There are .
• bankers who profess to believe the return vol
ume of money this fall will be smaller than
usual, owing- to changes in conditions yet
hardly appreciated. The easier condition In
money abroad is regarded as Important by
financiers, who read from the falling quota
tions a definite answer to the fears expressed
: only a few days since relative to possible ex
; ports of gold. Th» outward movement of
grain and cereals may serve to hold exchange
. Quotations at a safe level.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. -Money on call, steady
'at 6 per cent: closed offered at 4 per cent;
; prime mercantile paper. -tVi"- per cent; ster
j ling exchange easier, with actual business In
: bankers' bills at $4 87U for demand and $4 83$
4 -::\, for sixty days; posted rates, $4 8404 I4U
and 5. SSI? 4 SSVi; commercial bills, $4 82%- sil
ver certificates, KB@s9c; bar silver, 69c; Mcxi
! can dollars, 47c; State bonds. Inactive; railroad
! bonds. irregular; Government bonds, firmer.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2L— The Commercial Ai«-
I vertiser's London financial cablegram cays:
j African shares were again the features of the
I market to-day, the n^ws of the victory of the
1 British troops causing- a veritable boom. The
' other markets were quiet, but they were cheer
; ful under the Influence and the rise of mines
I Consols went up 6-16. Amorinnns were lazy'
I but they closed fractionally higher with par
! tlcular strength in New York Centrals.
Spanish 4'? were quoted nt H<t\ and Tlntos
47\ The latter were freely sn !,i by operators
who Intend to transfer their Interests to the
; African matter. The price went as low a.s
♦7%. Anacondas were »%. There were no gold
|tr\nsactlon s to-day. Money continued Idle
|Vlth rates nominal and unchanged.
CLOSING.
Canadian PaMflc. 98%: Union Pacific pre
ferred. 7S"W; Northern Pacific preferred 7714-
Atcfalson, 21\; Grand Trunk, 7^; Anaconda'
tr sliver quiet, 26 11-Wd; money 2'a2's
per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.-FLOUR-Rece!ptß
20,174; exports, 11.607 barrels. Sales. 8000 pack
ages. Dull and about steady. Winter patents
$3CC@3SO; winter straits, $3 40©3 DO; Minnesota
patents, $3 190&4 10; winter extras $2 55«3-
Minnesota bakers, $3@3 15; winter low grades!
$2 25^2 40. 6 '
WHEAT — Receipts, 47.45.- bushel - exports
P5.240 bushels. Sales, 1.300.000 bushels future."
20,000 bushels spot. Spot— Quiet; No 2 red'
75% cf. o. b. afloat spot; No. 2 red 73?: c ele^
vator. Options opened weak following Liver
pool cables and attended by a very light trade
mostly local. Subsequently, however prices
recovered on the strength In corn and closed
firm at He net advance. Sales included No 2
red March. 78 7-16©78% c, closed 78% - May
7S%<S7S*4c, closed 78% c; December. 74?4®75 8-I60!
closed 75% c. '
11 'PS— State common to choice, 1896 crop 6a
7c: 1897 crop, nominal: IS9B crop. 10S13c- ' Pa
cific Coast, 1839 crop. 12(g15c. '
HlDES— Steady; Galveston, I7o: Texas dry
ISc; California, 19^c. ? ary>
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 21@26c; Texas
14@17c. '
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for '
copper $IS. -V-. :
COFFEE— closed steady at net un
changed Prices Sales, 1130 bags Including-
November, $4 75; December, $4 95; January
|4»5@6; February, $5^5 05: March $5 10- May
$5 20; July, $5 35; September, $5 40. Spot' Coffee
—Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, fir; No. 7 lobbtne
G%c. Mild, steady; Cordova. 6%011%c
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refining, 8 3- Wo: centri
fugal, 96 test. 6 5-16 c. P.eflned, quiet. '
Dried Fruit in Nezu York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— California dried fruits
steady. . '
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common 6i»7c
prime wire tray, 7%@Bc; choice, » BVi<SS>*p :
fancy, B>4<g9c. " '
PRUNES— 3%®8%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13^17c; Moorpark. 15®18c
- PEACHES-Peeled, 20@220; -unpeeled, 7^^ioc"
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Wheat opened weak and
for the first two hours cultivated further heavi
ness. Lower cables and" Indications of a heavy
inlcrease In the visible supply discouraged
longs, who began to liquidate freely from the
start. The harket showed considerable stub
bornness, however, yielding grudgingly, and
when finally the price grot a fraction below the
parity the buying became so widely spread that
a rally ensued, the opening: loss being- regained
But the Improvement was only temporary, as
the bulls lost confidence owing to a flood of
bearish statistics. Then liquidation and short
selling began to weigh the market down again
and It continued to slump until the end, closing
•weak at the bottom of the day's range. Decem
ber opened . '4c ■ lower at 70©>70H, declined to
• !•'•..■. rose quickly to 70He and declined to 69 7 9 c
at the close.
Bullish country advices, moderate receipts
and an excellent cash demand strengthened
corn. Part of the gain was lost on profit-tak
ing. December closed 30%®50%c.
There was very little speculation In oats, the
market holding , steady with com, December
advanced to 22«*c at the close. •
Provisions ( ruled steady, , with | prices up a
trifle all around owing to the strength la corn.
I Packers bought freely of pork andd lard. Jan
uary pork closed 5c higher; January lard 2%c
higher, and January ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures, ranged as follows: !
Articles. *■ Open. High. Low. Clos.
! Wheat No. 2—
I October 68% 68% 68H «8*
December 70% 7<W4 69% 69%
May ...: 73% 78% 73% 73%
Corn No. —
October 30% 30% 80% 30%
December 20% 80% 30% 30%
May 32 32% .32 ZT-&
Oats No. 2— -.;..- -;-'--
December 22% 22% 23% 22%
May 24% 24% 24% 24^
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 82% 790 7 82% 785
January 930 9 37% 930 935
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 518 5 17% 5 12% 6 17%
January 530 -5 32% 530 6 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December * 70 4 70 4 70 4 70
January 4 85 4 90 4 85 4 90
Cash quotations • wero as follows: Flour-
I Steady; winter patents. $3 60®3 70; do straits.
i $3 3t'@3 40; clear, S3 10@8 80; spring specials.
$4 10; patents,' $3 4C"a>3 70; straits. $2 90@3 20: !
bakers', $2 30<g2 60. No. 2 Spring Wheat, 6S@ '
70c; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 63@70c; No. 2 Red,
70@71c; No. 2 Com. S2c; No. 2 Oats, 22%??'23c-
No. 2 White. 25%056c: No. 3 White, 25c; No. 2
! Rye, 54% c: No. 2 Barley, 89%©45 c; No. 1 Flax
-1 seed. $129%: Prime Timothy Seed. »2 36. Mees
Pork, per bbl. $7 KSOI 90; Lard, per 100 lbs
$5 20@S 22%; Short Ribs sldee, loose, $4 75@5 10;
dry baited Shoulders, boxed, $6ig>6 12%; Short
Clear sides, boxed. $5 40®$5 50: Whisky distil
lers' finished goods, per gal. $1 28. Sugar— Cut
loaf, unchanged.
Articles. Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, bb15. ............ ... 15,000 17.000
; Wheat, bu 132,000 - 7,000
| Corn, bu 476.000 486.000
Oats, bu 327.000 860.000
" Rye, bu 9.0C0 . J.POO
i Barley, bu 107.000 48.000 ■
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 15®22c; dairy
; 13%@19c. Eggs, steady, 16V 2 c. Cheese, strong'
creamery. 12@14c. ■•»»
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL,.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. May •
Opening . „.. 5 11V 6 % , 6 %
Closing „ 5 112 ' 6 % 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening „ 18 56 19 35
Closing 18 55 19 35
Flour-
Opening „ ..24 60 25 50
Closing _ 24 60 25 60
Eastern Livestock Market.
'':-'■ OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 21.— Receipt*, 8100.
Native beef steers, $55j5 SO; Western steers, $4
5? 4 90: cows and heifers, $2 50ig'4: canners, $1 75
(S2EI: stockers ahd feeders. $3@4 50; calves $4
®6 50.
Receipts. 5600. Market opened easier,
closed stronger. Heavy, $4 06@4 15; mixed $4 10
94 20: light. $4 12^@4 20; pigs, $3 90(35 10; bulk
of sales, $1 12'i<jI4 15.
SHEEP- Receipts, 1000. Market strong. West
ern muttons, $3 60@3 70; stock sheep, $3 50@3 60
--lambs, $4 50@4 90.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000. Market nominally unchanged. Native
steers, $4 75@610; Texas steers, i 2 7505; Texas
cows, $2 IO@SO6; native cows and heifers, $1,50
(3 4 50; stockers and feeders, $3 25@4 25 • bulls
$2 85 ■ • 4 26.
HOGS- Receipts, 5000. Market steady. Bulk
of sales. $4 124-tT4 15; heavy. $4 10<??4 20: pack
ers, .$4 ■-.':■'. mixed. $4 10@4 15;" light, $.4 10
(g4 30; yorkers, $4 20@4 30; p!g3, $4@4 30.
No sheep.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 21.— Owing to the llmtted sup
ply of cattle and sheep offered for sale to-day
trade was of little conseqeunce In both mar
kets with prices nominal.
HOGS— There was an active demand for hogs
at unchanged values. Fair to prime lots
brought $4 22^'@;4 45; heavy packers, $3 Ss@4 20;
mixed, $4lnf;4 40; light weights, $4 05©4 41U;
pigs. $3 So@4 SO.
Receipts— 2000; hogs, 16,000; sheep
1000.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 21— During the past week the
Inquiry for wool continued, but little business
resulted, owing to firmness of holders. Cross
tireds were In fair demand and difficult to pur
chase at auction prices. The arrivals to date
for the next series of auction sales number 37,
--904 bales, Including SSOO forwarded direct.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Oct. ll.— The exports of specie
from thlß port to all countries for this week
aggregated $071,457 silver bars and coin and
!27.' 56 guld. The Imports were $109,849 gold and
$73.553 silver.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for this week were
valued at $10,425,030.
Cash in the Treasury.
■WASHINGTON. Oct. 21.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $259,674,200; gold reserve
$254,768.594.
Portland's Business.
PORTX<AN"D, Or., Oct. Jl.— Clearings, $238,
587; balances, $78,486.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 21.— ■ Wheat —Warehouse*
are blocked and sidetracks crowded with
wheat, and until more ships arrive the market ]
will be lifeless. Walla Walla, 66^@57H0; Val
ley, 58c; Blue Stem, 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 21. — Wheat — Unchanged ■
Club. 57c; Blue Stem. 59c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 21.— Consols, 104 8-16. Sllrer,
26 U-16d.
"Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and Bailers
apart; cargoes on passage easier, neglected, 3d
lower. Indian shipments Wheat to Continent
2000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL,. Oct. 21— Wheat, dull; Wheat In
Furls, dull. Cotton, Uplands, 3 31-32 d
CLOSE.
Wheat-Spot easy: No. 1 California, 6s 3a@6s
3Hd: No. 2 red Western winter, Bs ll^d- No 1
Northern spring. 6s 2,1. Futures— Stead y- De
cember. Ba, ll^id; March. 6s %d; May 6s'T4d
/ J '" r . n ~^ pot^ qulet: Am<lrl can mixed new and
old, 3» Bd. Futures— Quiet; November, Ss 7%d-
December, 38 7%d; January, 3s 6"gd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... _ %i UK
Sterling Exchange, eight...., _ 4 »o?f
Sterling Cables _ 4 09*
New Tork Exchange, sight _ 12
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Mexican Dollars 4j <81 /
Fine Silver, per ounce... _ 88
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-Closed the week dull and depressed
■with a decline In futures. : : ->/'£?
Chicago was lower, with bears hammering
and holders pressing their stocks on the mar
ket. Private cables from there said: "No
bulls left here." An Increase of 2,500.000 bush
els In the visible supply was expected. Cables
were % lower. In the Northwest there was a
strong cash demand, at *ie advance. The close
waß heavy, with the short interest accumulat
n%@iY2H eat ShlPPlns ' M Olmi os? 4: mmm»
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Decemh»Tv_
2000 ctls, H 11%- "iurr—
May^Too. session— December— 24,ooo C ° B '« 11
May-4000, $1 18%. "' w 1L
Regular morning- session— December— «000 ctla
8 S&i »«* : 8000> Sm - vu * y -^'
BARLEY— week closed quietly at un
changed orlces.
Feed, 80<gS7'^c: Brewing and shipping er».lA.
90c@$l; Chevalier, nominal. ° 6 "'
CALL BOARD SALES. -
Informal Session— o'clock— sales
Second session — No sales.
I , Regular morning session— December— ctls
i 87V4c7 Seller '99. new-SOOO, 87*4e. CIIS>
OATS-Though the demand Is not sharp the
market is In sood shape with holders firm
55* K @1 s f c^t'. n " m "»■■ *'*y- n"3i
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $105@107U-
White *1 06©l mixed, *1 02V4@l 05 per ctl
RYE— cer ctl. v >w '
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, »3 80@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. %i 40*53 50 per barrel for ex
tra. J3 25@3 40 for bakers, and J3 25@3 fop su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks ar» as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour. $3 25. per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal. $2 £0; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 BO; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $434 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 06@6 45; la sacks. $5 85@« 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. '
Hay and Feedstuff s. i
Quotations for sound Hay show some fur
ther Improvement, the demand being good.
Wet Hay is selling at a discount of 75c@$l
from the quotations. Straw Is also doing bet
ter. There Is no change In Feedstuffs.
A great deal of Alfalfa Hay and Straw Is
reported destroyed by the rain.
BRAN— SI 7 60@18 per ton.
- MIDDLINGS— $19@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $IS@lB B0 pet
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 50@2S; Cocoanut Cake, J20@21; * Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn, $14©25; Mixed Feed,
| $16 50@17; Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
.. n HAY— Wheat, JS@9 for common to good and .
$9 2f.(g)10 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9;
Oat. $6 6098*0; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley. $5
@6: Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed $7®9.
The circular of Scott & Magner says:
"Receipts of Hay for the week Just ended
nave been a great deal less than for some t!m»
They have amounted to 2661 tons. . The rain
j has Interfered with the movement to market,
and the scarcity of both railroad cars and boats
has caused an Immense amount of Hay to be
come damaged that would have been moved
Into market before the rains. A large propor
tion of the Hay that Is arriving has been more
or less damaged. Such Hay Is selling; at some
what of a discount on our quoted prices. Hay
In order sells readily and Is a little firmer.
When the present rains are over it Is generally
expected the market will be found to be In bet
ter shape for the selling interests.
"Arrivals of Alfalfa Hay have not been as
heavy this week, although they have been
active enough for the present demand. A large
proportion of the Alfalfa Hay Is sold on arrival
to dairymen, and must be hauled quite a dis
tance to their dairies. The roads since the
■ rains are In poor condition, which makes sales
and deliveries slower. The market therefore is
dull and movement slow."
STRAW— p<?r bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The demand for Beans for shipment con
tinues an active as ever and further advances
are reported. There Is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30#2 40; small white, $2 70
©2 SO; large White. $2 2""52 30; Pinks. $2 20®
2 30; Reds, $3 500T3 75; Blackeye $3 755J4; But
ters. $3; Lima. $4 8(K?4 90; Pea, $2 70@2 SO; Red
Kidneys. $2 50Q8 60 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3®3%c; Yellow
Mustard, 4@4%c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
SHe per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp 4®4Uc-
Timothy. 4i£4V4c. " %■";■!
DRIED PEA3— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green. 11 75
©1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All articles under this head continue about
| the same. Tomatoes are still In heavy supply
and cheap, and Sweet Potatoes are also plenti
ful and rather weak than otherwise.
POTATOES— River Reds. 60@70c, Early Rose.
1 40@."0c; Burbanks, 60@750 per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c@$l 15; Oregon Burbanks. 70(@'85c:
Sweet Potatoes, 70@90c for Rivers and $l@l 15
for Merced.
ONIONS— 6S©B6o per ctL
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4c per Ib;
String Beans. *©sc; Lima Beans, SV.<rii>c;
Cabbage. 40(?50c: Tomatoes, 10@3Cc- Egg Plant
40@75c; Drle.l Okra. 12% c per lb; Garlic, 2S3c-
Green Peppers, 40@50c per box: Carrots. 30@
i 40c per sack: Cucumbers, 40<S50c; Summer
| Squash, sO@Csc; Marrowfat Squash, ?B@lo per
Poultry and Game.
Game sold a little better again, as usual on
Saturday. Poultry was dull and nominal.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15®
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2 25; Gosling's. $173
92 25: Ducks. «4'.;4 BO for old and $4 50@6 for
young; Hens. $4 50@5 60 Young Roosters, $4@5;
Old Roosters, $4 f.o@s; Fryers, $3 25@3 50; Broil
ers. $3 2503 50 for large, $3&3 25 for small-
Pigeons, $12."jqi50 per dozen for old and $1 75
©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 5(Vf?2: Mallard. $6@9- Can
vasback, ; Sprig, $2 50^4 hi; Teal $2 ",0»4-
Widgeon, $2^3: Small Duck, M 50@2 50- Doves
750 per dozen: Hare, $150; Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and $1 50 for Small; Gray Geese $3
©3 50; White. $101 50; Brant, $1 50*?2: English
Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Yesterday's market wore the holiday air
characteristic of Saturday and quotations for
everything remained unchanged. Pine Butter
and Eggs continued In light supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 30@31c; seconds
28<S29e.
Dairy— Fancy, 26@27c; rood to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22@24c; firkin, 21#22^c; cream
ery tub. 22'~(?f:4c.
Eastern. 17> 2 c for ladle packed.
CHEKHE— ChoIca mild new. nmWo: old
lOHc; Young America, HM;c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGOS— Quoted at K©W%c for store and 3S-?
42U0 per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 2SW3Oc for
selected, 25(S2T' / 4c for No. 1 and 20@22^c for
aecunds; Oregon, 22'z'7j24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes were firmer again, owing to
the heavy rain. Table Grapes were In ex
cessive supply and dull at weak quotations.
Limes are lower, owing to the receipt of
fresh supplies in good condition. Lemons are
firm.
• 'rar.berrles are In very liberal supply and
dull, and sellers make concessions to work off
stocks.
Peaches will probably disappear In a few
days, as there are hardly any coming in
I>ECIDU«">rs FRUITS—
Apples, 3.'@65c per box for common; 75c@$l
for (toofl to choice and SI 25'p'i 50 for fancy
BERRlES— Blackberries, $5J?6 per chest-
Strawberries, $10 per chest for small and $1 50(Sj)
3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $5'(76 50 per
chest; Huckleberries. 5!570 per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, fSSOQ7 60 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, $7 S(WJ7 75: Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50
per barrel and $2«2 25 per box.
Grapes. 2O'ti4Oc for Hlack. 30@40c for Muscat
30040 c for Tokay. 40<SftOc for Cornlchon; crates
sell iodine higher; Wine Grapes, $24^27 per ton
for Zinfandel, $20(g23 for other black and $IS®
22 for White. w
Cantaloupes, 50c@$l per crate; Nutmegs, 20®
40c per box. ,
Pomegranates, 60;575c per box.
Winter Pears, 35c?j$l 26 per box.
Figs, 20@40c per box for double layers of
block.
Peaches, 75c@$l per box.
Plums. 50(}i7f«- per 'ox and crate.
Quinces. 50<7i*50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1 50@2 50 for
common, and $3ijf4 for good to cholre: Mexican
Limes, $4 50; California Limes, 75c@$l; Ban
anas, $1 50&2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I®2 50
per .dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The New York market for all descriptions
I continues active and firm, as will be seen In
| the first column. Here trade Is good, but there
is no further advance In prices.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, in sacks, 4%a for
40-Do's. 4%c for 50-60's, Z\c for 60-70's, 3Vic for
70-BO's, 2%c for 80-90's and 2H®2%0 for 90-100's;
Apricots, ll(g'l3c for Royals, 12^.®16c for
Moorparks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
f>H@*c for Standards, 6%@7c for choice and 7U
@8c for fancy; peeled Peaches, Il@l3c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6^7'ic; Sun-dried, 4',i@!sc per lb-
Nectarines, 7%S?Bc per lb for red and Bra"9c for
white: Pears. 6Vi@Bc for quarters and S®loc for
halves: Black Figs, 3@4c; White Figs, 6@6^c;
I'lums, 6&6Hc for pitted and l^@2>*c for un
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy per
lb 10c; choice. 9e; standard, Sc; prime, 6c'; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. 84c: choice, 7Hc: standard 6^4c
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 8c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, sVic';
S-crown, 6>.ic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers 2
urown $1 CO per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points I
In Ca'.lfornin.
NUTS— Chestnut?, 12%QUe; Walnuts. 7V.@BU C
for standards, and 7»iig9c for softshell; Al
monds, 10H©W4c for paper-shell, 9®loc for soft
and 455 c for hard shell; Peanuts, s\@s%c for
Eastt-rn, and 5e for California: Brazil Nutß BY.
iS'jr; Filberts, U@)lVic; Pecans, 7^!&8c; Cocoa
nuts, $4 50(g)5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^c for bright and lOVic for
light amber; water white extracted, ~%@7%c
--light amber extracted, 6H@"c; dark, 5Uc per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene has again advanced. No other
changes.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for heavy,
»V4@loc for light medium. IH4C for light. 13c for
extra light and 13' Ac for sugar-cured; Eastern
BUgar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams, 13& c;
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
116 50; mess. $15@15 60: Smoked Beef. 12c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6&6V«c per lb for
compound and 7V4c for pure; half barrels, pure
gc- 1M1» tins, S* t e: 6-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%®7*ic per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll®llVfec: medium, 10Hc; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9"*@loc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, Bound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20®30c each; short
Wool 35S?fi0c each: m«Hllum. 70@90c: lone Wool.
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@3 for
large and SI Js@l 50 for «jn*il_: Colts, 25350 c.
TALLOW — Xo. 1 rendered. u@sVjc per 1b; No.
2 4®4V»c; rerlned, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Cllpa— Vaiiey Oregon. 17SlSc;
Eastern Oreuon, 12®14c for choice and 9@U&o
Tor fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plains TS'Sc: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain 74<89c; Northern free, lQ@l2c; do, defect
ive. ';wgloc per lb.
HOPS— DuII at 9@l2c per Ib.
San Francisco 'Meat Market.
Th» market remain* unchanged and steady
as a rule.
BEEF— 7®"Hc per lb for Steers and 6hiQ7:
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7»4@3c; Ewes. 7@TSio
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B©fiMc per lb. j
PORK— Live Hogs, 6'/S@s%e for small. o*c for
medium and 6K@si.ic for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, s%®sHc; dressed* Hogs, 7@e%c.
General Merchandise.
I BAGS— WooI and frnlt bags are higher. Cal
j cutta Grain Bags, 7@7*ic; Wool Bags. 28®30e:
'' Fruit Bags, 6c, 6%e and 6%c for the three
! grades of white and "Vie for bleached Jute.
Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington, $8; 3outhfield Wellington. *7 BO: Se-
I attle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend.
i *7 50- Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$12: Cannel. $8 per ton: Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. J9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
j and $14 in sacks.
■ SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
! pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
i Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
dered b%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated. <%c: Confectioners' A. *%c\ California
A.—; Magnolia A. 4Hc: Extra C. 4%c; Golden
; C 4%e: barrels. l-16c more; half barrels. «4o
| more: boxes. He more; 50-lb bags, He more.
i No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
I equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels, 5%c; boxes.
| 5740 for lh
RICE— mixed Is In good demand and
higher at $3 70@3 75. *
Receipts of Produce.
For Saturday, October 21.
Flour, qr Fks 13.80ti Hay. tons 60J
Wheat, ctls 3.575 Pelts, bdls 860
Barley, ctls 8.970 Hides, no .o3
I Oats, otls 1.870 Eggs. Dos 3,840
■ East Corn. ctls... 600 Wool, bags 293
■ Rye. ctls BSO Hops, bales 2
! Butter, ctls 95 .Raisins bxs 5.?20
Cheeee. ctls 12 Sugar, bbls 700
Beans, sks 3,136 Chicory, bbls .... 27
Potatoes, sks .... 4,735 Lime. bWs ....... 226
Onions. Bks 1, 17" Quicksilver, flsks 2j>.
■Middlings, sks .. 100 Leather, rolls ... M
Sugar, ska »95 Wine, gals 27,400
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska .... 2.476 (8ran, sks ~. 455
Oats ctls 1.350 Shorts, sks - ISO
AUSTRALIA.
Wool, balea 191
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were three active Btocks on the Bond
Exchange yesterday-Hana Plantation, which
enld at $13 25ft 12 50, Gas and Electric, which
sold at J6l 37'i@61 50, and Giant Powder, which
sold at $S3 25@82 75. Otherwise there was very
little life to the market.
On the California Oil Exchange there wae a
larger list of stocks dealt In. Tidal Wave sold
at $2 So<@2 75, an advance. The Producers' Oil
Exchange opens to-morrow.
The Vindicator mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of $30,750 o© the 20th ult. making $177,625
for the year and $301,500 in all.
The Yellow Aster mine, in Kern County. Is
credited with paying a dividend of $10,000 on
the yth, making $y5,000 this year and $263,800
since the start.
The Gwin mine has paid the usual dividend
of $5000 this month, making $40,000 this year.
The Mercur mine of Utah paid a dividend of
$50,000 on the 20th ult., the second of like
amount this year.
The Moon-Anchor mine of Colorado will pay
Its Hrst dtvidend this year on November 1.
The amount is $45,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Oct. 21, 12 m.
Bid. Ask. did. Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. H»4 —
is quar coup.. — — DQLAB 4S 49
Is quar r0g.... — — f&o Oas Imp.. — 65
Is quar new... — 131 1 * Pac Light Co. 41* —
8s quar coup.. — JOS>i SF G & E.... 6 Hi 61 £
Miscellaneous— Pan Fran — :-'s
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 108 Insurance-
Ed L & P 6».130 — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ry 65. 115 — Bmik Stocks—
Geary-st R sa. — !>5 Anglo-Cal fn —
H C & S 5>4b.10A — Bank of Ca1...400 —
L A Ry r,8....100V4 — Col S D & T.. — 97
L A LCo 65.. »'J — First National — 245
Do gntd 6a.. 99 — [Lon P & A.... 128 133
Do gntd 55.. — — !Mer Exchange — If
L A & P R 55.103 M. - Nev Nat 8k... iSV.t.l<Vi
Market-st 65.. — 130 Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55. .115% — Ger S & L... — 1760
N C N G R 75. U2 — Hum S & I- .1050 1160
NR of Cal 88.114 — Mut Say Bk. 39 424
N R of Cal be.112% — S F Say TJ... 500 —
NPC R R 65. 105 108 Say & L So.. — S2>i
N Cal R R ii.iU — pec Say Bk.. — 310
O G L & H ss. - 110 |Unlon T Co. 1400 1440
Oak Tran 65..111%112 Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 6?.. 123 — California 121 —
P&CI Ry 65. .107 — IGeary SO —
Pk &O Ry 65.113 — iMarket-s .... 61% 62
Powell-st R 6b — 122 Dak S L & H. - SO
Sac El G&RS3. — — Presidio 25 30
S F & N P 55.114H — Powder—
S F & S .TVos.llo^lloV* California 155 170
SRy of Cal 68.108H110 E Dynamite... 85, M
S P of A 6a... — Il3!t Giant Con" Co.. 52% S3
S P C 6b(190C). — — Vigorit 2% 2%
S P C 6s<isnfi).lli — Sugar
-8 P C 65(1912). — 118 Hana P C 0.... 124 12H
SPOlj eg 55104 — Haw C&SCo 96 96%
gpßr 6s UZ 123 Honokaa S Co. H\ 35
S V Wat 65.... — 114 IHutch S P Co. 29 2^V4
S V Wat 4r.... 103*4104 Kilauea S Co.. 25 30
g V W43i3dm)lo1 I .*lo1 l hi Makaweli S Co 49H —
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Onomea S Co.. 38 39
Water Stocks— Paauhau S Co. 35 36
Contra Costa.. 68% 6SV4 Miscellaneous
! Marln County, S" — Al Pac A55n..117%118
I Spring Vallpy.lOlMiWm Mer Ex Assn.. — ]C 0
Gas and Electric- Oceanic 8 Co.. 85H 87
Cent Gas Co.. - - Pac A F A... . 1«i -
Cent L A P ■•• t l * - Pac c Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Eqult GLCo> 4^ — Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 83 25
SO Giant Powder Con 82 75
45 Giant Powder Con 82 8»H
SO Giant Powder Con 83 00
70 Hana Plantation Co IS 25
90 Hana Plantation Co 13 00
400 Hana Plantation Co 12 574
300 Hana Plantation Co 12 50
50 Hnna Plantation Co 12 75
20 Market Street Railway 62 00
10f S F Gag & Electric Co 61 50
80 S F Gas & Electric Co s 30 61 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co fil 37"^
11 Spring Valley Water 10125
$1000 Spring Valley 4a 104 00
Street—
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s 122 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 800
20 Giant Powder Con 83 25
10 Giant Powder con S3 12V4
60 Giant Powder Con 83 00
50 Hutchlnson Sugar Co 29 124
50 Hut^hlnsnn Sugar So 29 00
200 Vlgorlt Powder S 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
800 Tidal Wave 2 SO
3.'0 Tidal Wave I TS
200 San Joaquln O & D Co 1 66
200 Northfleld 75
100 Kings County OH Co 2 00
100 Barker Ranch Oil Co t .. 95
100 Barker Ranch OH Co 100
100 Century Oil Co 60
Street—
10 St Lawrence O & M Co 16 00
25 Caribou 100
175 Century Oil Co 65
100 Fresno & San Benito 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 16 100 Mexican 24
200 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Ophir 76
650 Caledonia M 500 Overman 17
60 Caledonia 50 500 Potosi 39
100 Chollar 30: 100 Sierra Nevada. 60
600 Con Cal & Va.l 60! 100 Sierra Nevada. 55
100 Confidence 67 300 X'nion Con 32
100 Crown Point.... 13 200 Utah 10
100 Gould Sl Curry- 80 , 500 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 16;200Ophir 76
700 Belcher 17; GOO Ophir 77
300 Best & Be'.cher. 30 i 600 Overman 15
SOO Best & Belcher. 9 500 fotosl 35
200 Challenge Con. "iZ 300 Sierra Nevada. 54
300 Chollar 30 150 Sierra Nevada 56
SOO C C & Va....l 62H 300 Union Con. 82
100 Confidence 65, 500 Utah " in
600 Gould * Curry. Sl j 200 Yellow Jacket" 23
800 Mexican X'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 21-12 m
Bid. Ask. j Bid. \sk.
Alpha 04 OGjKenmck _ <v
Alta OS 04 Lady Wash....' 01 02
Andes 09 11 Mexican 23 25
Belcher 16 IS : Occidentai i —
Best & Belchr. 29 SlOphlr " 75 76
Bullion 07 09: Overman 17 is
Caledonia 65 67'Potosl 40 41
Chollar 29 80 Savage 18 20
Challenge Con. — 2R Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 67 6S Seg Belcher ..02 04
Con Cal & Va.l 60 1 65! Sierra Nevada. 66 57
AUCTION SALES
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, 927 Market st., bet. sth and. 6th.
By order of the executors of the estate of
Marie B«chtel. Union Trust Company of San
Francisco and Dr. Charles Jones. I will sell
at auction
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY October 23, 1899
At 10 o'clock a. m. (note the hour), on the
premises,
NO. 1455 FRANKLIN ST., NEAR SUTTER.
The elegant furnishings of residence, com-
prising oak and mahogany parlor, chamber and
dining room furnishings, hand-painted Havl-
land china, fine bedding, lace curtains, rich
portieres, pictures, clock, ornaments, 2 very
elegant carved oak dressing mirrors, oak par-
lor cylinder and flat top desks, Wilton car-
: pets, two Domestic sewing machines. 2 oak
show and cutting tables, also about 150 lots
'■. of dress goods and finishing material, laces,
; trimmings, ribbons; all selected by M me. Max
Bechtel in Paris.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23.
fe £& £&
TO Sell at
J. D. IRAN'S STOCK AND SALES YARDS,
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
At 11 o'clock a. m.,
80 head of well-bred broken and unbroken
horses, ranging from 1000 to 1300 pounds.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE!
AT ORMONDE SALE STABLES.
1515 MISSION STREET.
Between Eleventh and Twelfth, San Francisco,
TUESDAY AT 11 O'CLOCK,
Of All Classes of Horses direct from the coun-
try. We will be pleased to show the above
Steck In Harness any time up to day of sale,
as we handle nothing but Broke Horsea.
Persons having use for any kind of Horses
will find it to their best interests to attend
these sales, aa we will positively sell to highest
bidder without limit or reserve.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
|C 7" N. B.— Sales of Horses direct from the
country every Tuesday at 11 a. m.
Con Imperial... — 01 iSllver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... IS 14|StaJidard —J 95
Exchequer — 02. St Louis — 06
Gould & Curry. 81 82 Syndicate — «i
Hale & Norcrs. 33 35 Union Con 81 32
Julia — 03 Utah 10 11
Justice 03 05! Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers is fur
nißhed by J. B. Lippincott, hydrogTapher of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 50 miners' inches.
TUODUMNE RIVER AT DA GRANGE.
Second Ft. I Canals— 1899.
DATE. 1
I 1898 I 1899 J Mining. I Turlock JTofl
October 8... 64 6 24 10 34
October 9... 64 6 24 10 84
October 10.. 64 6 24 10 34
October 11.. 64 5 24 10 84
October 12.. 64 8 24 10 34
October 13.. 64 5 24 10 34
October 14.. B2 490 24 10 34
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERNDON.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1898. 1899.
October 8 630 69
October 9 630 69
October 10 630 69
October 11 630 69
October 12 BOO 69
October 18 600 85
October 14 530 | 106
STANISDAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 ■
1898. I 1899.
October 8 74 110
October 9 74 145
October 10 74 145
October 11 74 145
October 12 74 145
October 13 74 185
October 14 .\....\ 74 370
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
J Second Feet.
DATE. j
1998. 1899.
October 8 860 ISO
October 9 820 180
; October 10 320 180
October 11 285 j 197
October 12 2*5 215
October 13 285 267
October 14 285 | 302
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22.
Sun rises *:25
Sun Bets « 5:23
Moon rises- 8:09 p. m.
~0 ITlme! ITimel (Time! Time
i \ ) Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
J HWDW HW L W
22 .. 2:21 4.5 6:56 3.0 1:09 6.8 8:14—0.4
28 ... 3-24 4.4 7:46 3.1 1:56 5.4 9:09—0.1
24 .. ' 4:34 4.4 8:501 3.2 2:50 5.0 10:04 0.2
25 ' .. 5:30 4.5 10:12 3.2 3:52 4.8 10:59 0.5
26 '.. 8:25 4.8 11:39 3.1 6:08 4.2 11:49 0.9
27 /■10 4.9 12:50 2.8 6:20 4.0
28 ..'. 0:34 1.2 7:43 6.0 1:44 2.3 7:29 4-0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hnnd column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column fives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
driven a-e in addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low watPrs.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE. -
Steamer. I From. Due.
Duella £00?,Ba,y Oct. 22
Fulton Portland Oct. 23
Czarina .' Seattle Oct. 22
Czarina 'i*aitlt \«t £ " „
Samoa Humboldt Oct. 22
State of Cal.... ; Portland Oct. 22
Willamette Seattle.. Oct. 23
Weeott ;■ .." Humboldt Oct. 22
Bristol (Departure Bay Oct. 22
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 23
Corona San Diego Oct. 23
Alliance ........ Portland Oct. 23
South Portland. Tacoma Oct. 23
Areata Coos Bay Oct. 23
Umatilla Victoria _ Puget Sound Oct. 24
Robt Adamson Nanaimo — Oct. 24
Miami .. Seattle Oct. 24
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 24
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Oct. 24
Newburg .Grays Harbor Oct. 24
Orizaba Newport Oct. 25
Point Arena Point Arena Oct. 26
Aberdeen Portland Oct, 26
Mackinaw ITacoma Oct. 26
Columbia Portland Oct. 27
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 27
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 27
Bertha St. Michael Oct. 2?
Curacao Mexico Oct. 23
Portland St. Michael Oct. 28
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 29
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 29
Acapulco Panama Oct. 80
Flintshire ...... Yokohama Oct. 30
Homer St. Michael N' v l
TO BAIU
Steamer I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Walla Wall Vic A Pirt Sd. Oct. 23. 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay.... Newport Oct. 23. 9 am Pier 11
Weeott ..... Humboldt Oct. 23. 2 pm Pier 13
Luella Humboldt .Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 9
Gaelic IChina&Japan Oct. 24. 1 PMSS
Samoa Humboldt Oct. 24, 10 am Pier 2
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 25, 11 am Pier IX
State of Cal Portland (Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 24
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 20
Areata Coos Bay I Oct. 26. 10 am Pier 13
Newburg ...|Grays Harbor Oct. 26, 5 pm
Pomona ....Humboldt Oct. 26, 2 pm Pier 9
Orizaba ....'Newport Oct. 27, 9 am Pier 11
Peru .... Panama Oct. 28, 12 m PMSS
Umatilla ...Vic & Pgt Sd. Oct. 28, 10 am Pier 9
Point Arena Point Arena.. Oct. 28, 2 Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego Oct. 29, 11 am Pier IX
Columbia ... [Portland I Oct. 80. 10 am Pier 24
Continued From Page 19.
1920
DAITY VALUES
THIS YEAH WILL
BE VERY LARGE
Output Worth Twelve
Millions.
ADVANCE TWENTY PER CENT.
RTVAIrS DRIED FRUIT AMD
RAISIN CROP.
Tacts and Estimates Carefully Gath
ered From a Reliable Official
Source Concerning a Thriv
ing Horn© Industry.
Somo largo figures were recently pub
lished in The Call showing that the dried
iruit crup of the State will approximate
fla.OuO.OOo In value this year. According
*.o the best advices, the dairy products
will approach the value of the dried fruit*
und ndsiiis. A large amount of data has ■
been collected at the offices of the State !
iJairy Bureau on California street, from
Which the deduction is drawn that the
lotal valuo of the various dairy products
■will be fully 112,500,000 for the year ending
October 1, iSiiy. This is in excess of the
value for thu preceding year of $2,000,0U0. ;
Coupled with several other facts in
connection with the industrial and linan
cial conditions obtaining In the State at
this time, the statement cannot be other
wise than pleasing. Among the other j
facts are the enhanced value of the dried
fruits, and especially the raisins; the fact
That there are such offerings of business
this year that it la impossible to get cars
«=nough or ships enough to move the
freights out of the State promptly; also
iho fact, iirst mentioned in The Call, that ;
The deposits in the savings *tnd commer- ,
cial banks of the Stato are Increasing at j
the astonishing rate of $2,000,00 v per month
and that all deposits In the savings banks,
city and country inclusive, average over
siuu per capita for depositors.
The totals of dairy products, estimated
In dollars, last year, were as follows:
Value of 23.651.521 pounds of butter, $4,354,
--235; value of 6,14a, 372 pounds of cheese.
$0i3,43'j; value of milk and cream con
sumed, $4,T1i,250: value of calves from
dairy cows, $562,630; value of hogs pro
duced at creameries and dairies, J745,595.
The total of all items last year was $10,
--103,473.
William Vanderbllt, agent and secretary
of the titate Dairy Bureau, has received
a great number of reports from creamer
ies and individuals and dairies during the
past few weeks. His conclusion is that
me returns will very closely correspond
•with the returns for the year ending Octo
ber 1, I^7. The exact total for 1887 was
$12,461,363. In that year the butter pro
duced in the State amounted to the very
large total of 28,678,439 pounds, estimated
to be worth $5,573,617; and the cheese was
worth $569,666, the amount in pounds
being Col'O.&S. At the same time the milk
and cream consumed were worth $4,669,480.
The forthcoming report of the bureau
•will show that the dairy properties in the
San Joaquln Valley are still increasing.
iMuch dairy interest has been transferred
from the coa.st counties, where it was
formerly supposed to be placed for all
time. The drought Last year led to the
pale of a great number or dairy herds to
people in the San Joaquin Valley, who,
with irrig-atiun and alfalfa crops, were
able to lind feed for all the cattle they
bought. Five years at the San Joaquin
Valley bought all its dairy supplies from
the coast counties. Now there are nu
merous creameries in the valley. The
Fame is true of the Sacramento Valley to
some extent. There is one creamery at
("ourtland, Sacramento County, that will
show a total output of 406,600 pounds of
butter for the year. There are creameries
at Stockton, Lodi, Newman, L.athrop, Los
Eanos, Merced, Fresno, Porterville,
AVoodvilie, Tulare, Visalia and Bakers
liold. Thus the line extends from one end
<>f the valley to the other. The creamery
at Fresno has twenty sub-stations al
ready, and alms at a much larger number,
the sdm being to manufacture the dairy
products for the county.
There are 262,000 dairy cows in the State,
which, estimated at the very low valua
tion of $30 per head, are worth nearly
?5,000,000. The creameries are worth at
leapt half of that amount and tho land
used for dairying is roughly estimated to
be worth four times as much as the
dairy herds. Among the largest owners
r>f dairy cows are the following: Charles
■\Vebb Howard. 1,350; Shatter estate. 2200:
Novato Land Company, 900; Fhebe
Hearst, 1000.
PURGED OF CONTEMPT.
Xie-atenant-Colonel Leonard Makes a
Satisfactory Statement and the
Proceedings Against Him
Are Dropped.
Ldeutenant Colonel Robert "W. Leonard,
■commanding the Twenty-eighth Regi
ment, U. S. V., appeared in the United
States District Court at 9 o'clock yester
<lay morning with Charles Hook, the 17
--year-old boy who had enlisted. in Com
pany F of that regiment without tho con
tent of hi 3 mother. The lieutenant col
onel took the stand and declared that ho
TioA bad no Intention of treating the court
-with disrespect, but he had not under
stood that the order required him person
ally to briny the boy before the court.
As tho officer was evidently ignorant of
any law except that of court-martial, and
as It was clear from his statement and
appearance that no offense had been In
tended by him, he was declared purged of
contempt end the proceedings were dis
missed. The boy was discharged and
■placed !n the custody of his mother.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J^m t'l lUv IIE «ji
When baby comes to the home it will
bind the wife closer to the husband, or
it will gradually tend to cut her off from
his companship. A sickly mother loses
in physical charm, aud often in temper
and disposition. A fretful child is a
trial, even to loving parents. The use
ol Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
prepares the wife for motherhood. It
strengthens the body, and induces a
healthy condition of mind, free from
anxiety or fear. It makes the baby's
advent practically painless. The mother
being healthy her child is healthy, and
a healthy child is a happy child, a joy
to the parents, linking them together
with a new bond of affection.
There is no opium, cocaine or other
narcotic in " Favorite Prescription."
" I read what your medicine has done for
other people," writes Mr». Edwin H. Gardner,
of Beech wood, Norfolk Co.. Mass., Box 70, "so
thought I would try it, and I found It a blessing
to me and family. I took your medicine a
year when I had a ten pound girl. I had the
easiest time I ever had with any of my three
children, and I have been very well ever since.
] took three bottles of ' Favorite Prescription,
three of 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and three
vials of ' Pellet*. 1 Before I took your medicine
I only weighed 135 pounds, and now I weigh
175 pounds."
Dr. Tierce's Pleasant Pellets cure sick
headache.
Hales. | , Hales. | Hales. I Hale's, | Hale|s. .__._.._. j ____ H J^l'?'~~
t 1 & MwSM H D "^j | "|" g . towels, bedding, flannels
our free art exhibition the past 3 ; j S ***■%. 5 '-^ | bK 25 pieces roller toweling, heavy
art materials W (3 , £§) wide 45c ' quality at.... 37c yard
su?gSt to p1 e aJaVt oia e mpTo?rn r the world's cloth mills are tributary to Hale's; twice a year our V£'£l£'o?Z£™?**&'^X
and usefu! SSSiSf 8 * maklng fancy trained corps of buyers go direct to headquarters, and immediately double bed size. 72 X inches, Eastern
German knitting yarn. 4 hanks to ID. IS laid before yOU the pick Of the mOSt popular fabrics. here this £nk U Wue U red P b?rd d e S rs; in re^ $5
23c a hank; 90c ib ___________ fall we have gathered together an array of ____________________--——- blankets at .........$3.95 a pair
«sS£«aJlS™.» — » fcji. suits and Jackets dress stuffs whose designing and wearing London JSSSOXS^S^S'XSS
Germantown yarn. 16 skeins to Ib, 10c «»uuo aim jumclh engaged the highest textile skill. iES^ LOHUUII comforter, worth $1.25, for.. ..$1 each
skein; $1.44 tb. /s< v brown and gray ° ?jfc&i3BP hntt; new imported wrapper flannel. 2.
Saxony yarn, 12 Bkelns to Ib, 8 l-8c v J^ camel's hair chev- f/SSPFT' ii«a»-o inches wide very heavy, in medium
sSi s i, , «**>„. „ it,. «o J:¥ £.S:.'f.t black dress goods ,' colored dress goods S/Zm we o Pen to-mor- n £°™i™ri£%
skein; $1.20 Ib. /TV. breasted jacket; black whipcords of high luster fin- plaid covert suitings, every thread Jfp^pfflj row 15 swell hats and figures 20c yard
Shetland floss, 8 skeins to Ib, 150 K\r^ A new cut skirt - island extra heavy quality; 50 inches wool In all the new shades of browns jLmMBBM such as the smart 100 pieces of flannelette, in pink and
skein; $1.20 ft. V^K\ lined with be W h^VvV^VV.VV vJKif^S y beige; 45 inches wide 75c yard $S5» ) set of London are blue stripes, 27 inches wide; our 6V 4 c
Shetland floss, 12 skeins to Ib, 10c • T\^>C\\ percaline and vel- black cheviot shower proof, will not plain and fancy colored crepons, in X^^ 7 '" y. quality^ at oq yard
skein; $1.20 Ib. f^ sWv\ vete en bound; spot or shrink; good heavy quality; deep dimpled effects and popular col- /^SSi wearing; tney
Fairy zephyr— as Shetland floss; — ■"" Jacket eilk lined; 50 inches wide 75c; $1 yard orings; 42 Inches wide have particular
llir iMd " phJT ' 6o a* P '° a r /k^-.«!«.-'l^i «^ ■&£&&£? p% ?^ : :im-£%2£%a& -^^Mi^ '"''irShrof curtains and portieres
/ I \£h black and col - Wld6: at $1.25, $1.50 and $2 yard for skirts and full costumes; come in O^^^lP^ are the height of this is the time for our October
, . /I hS^jy'ff ored moreen un " great variety; from.. soc to $2 50 yard ' ■^ r - r ~|i millinery art. clearing of Swiss net curtains; we
Crochet articles JU Ci?rcX dersklrts. best colored Alike V .i. i. i have prepared a little surprise for
hand-crocheted skirts baby sizes iV/ 3&?W Quality all wool, wlureu t»lihB /gjgp^ very stylish vel- ln the f three excellent
Ssc each childVen's i Bi^s $115 each^ &^X^X^ de «P flounce and fancy swivel silks, all the popular hl«rk |||,c JllSto v vet ? net ' black lots; we go even a little beyond
misses^ sizes *Madles'^2s' W^S?/ three small ruffles, fall colorings, on cord grounds; popu- DIHCk SllkS . *i®^/ a " d lace ap ' Hale's usual value giving
hand-crocheted supers baby size : >' oke top - nicely la r for fancy waists; 19 inches wide.. fine black satin Luxor, a heavy dou- plique. tu r quoise lot 1-66 pairs of
75c ai - millet $125^"adies i 81 35* tailored; f0r.. 53.75 $1 and $1.25 yard ble-faced fabric, guaranteed quality iSK^fflL. velvet face trim- _____ ecru and white
«_ita SI 75 laaies, *i.^, « new o!f ca P e3 fancy Persian stripes on heavy 21 inches wide $1.50 yard 8^ mln " fastened point de Calais
B '* In plain and fancy black corded grounds, the fall novel- black satin duchesse of extra heavy gbßi^feW. with °m amenta (v^Mi \IV! B curtains, 3% yards
effects with hood, ties in striking effect, extra heavy; quality, the kind we put forth as spe- R&SG&jiL^t and flnished w . ltn I' V^^v' N « long by 50 inches
new ribbons Js&\ assorted colors, 19 Inches wide $1 yard clal value; 22 inches wide $1 yard v^v-^sS'fjiS fine black ostrich K§g'^Si^Oy \ X wide, in very
* i,,^  „ <„,. 4, A„+ §^3 fringe trimmed, 24 colored taffeta silks in popular fall black corded silks, In extensive va- fMh^SpX pompons; fine \X^)n. j\Vv dainty effects and
n,fr» vi T«,,h % iU^ rree ved of ■* inches long and winter colorings; over 40 shades; rleties; popular goods for fancy S^lP* ) rhinestone buckles U$ X£» tamboured edge;
satin Vin«rlh' M vvwpi,M iS V $4.50 each a very superior grade; 19 inches wide waists; comes in 19 and 21 inch \^JW> fastening ties .... |Kh fl^S the $3.25, $4 and $5
Jc , itrirfilf } g fttWt? kersey cloth 75c yard ■ widths; at 85c and $1.25 yard AX 17 - 50 %<%\ ?( quality have been
and superior nnisn. f^ii/Rfnf Jackets, best qual- " L'£-*--\ \ TT TT I^ Qicp I $ reduced to
No. s—l inch wide 8 l-3c yard V 1) ity, finely tailored, — — — — ™—^-^ —_-«___ /Z/^ toque, Henry 11, 7 V |! 5975 $3.40, $4.35
No. 9—1% inches wide 15c yard V*£>£// 6 buttons, double N X/ '. a very becoming V(V •BJ ot 2— 75 pairs
No. 16— inches wide 20c yard MtljV breasted, silk lin- V-!Vv , dress hat of vio- P^ "I ecru and whlte
No: 22— inches wide 25c yard npftß ed throughout ln rifh^/AM** l-n 4- «t> m /-k^-1 « n /-»> /-v >*4 l^ "* letta velvet, tuck- /A^fr- ]t? point d'esprit cur-
No. 40-^3% inches wide 80c yard £§§& tan, castor and OStLSPn O3LS ISOLI G CO ed coronet; chin- l|^ >-A tains. 3% yards
No. SO— 4& inches wide 35 c yard JM^?^ black.. ..$9.45 each j^*-*^f^^^Jl *» * »*-* V-V^ A VVIUVVU chilla fur forming £("/) 1 ,'W long by 50 inches
iPßflh black and white itt^Jk crown; stylish Uss£~i ,>f>, "<-o$ wide, with rich ro-
Union SUitS i^S^ aSo^and "fneJ the few that are left of our pattern hats shown at our f^M^ soft Vow S?"S??n |^f^P ££? d v X c n s S: $?S"
ladies' Egyptian cotton union suit,. i»R£ r^ with best perca- recent fall opening are now to be disposed of at once. / 5/^o%^ ribbon $18 W^^V^^~ gar W.^
ankle length, long sleeves, flat coy- i, 4;-- luA line; perfect fit- they have been reduced one-fourth to one-third: >LOC $& Mm +/. v, f $3, $4 and $5.
ered seams, button half way down Q~ ■% l ~T i £>^\ tIn »: the >' are the v,) Sm dress na *: i o t 3—20 pairs ecru Irish point cur-
vX^Tc allimedlUmandla^a Sl Si having 9 just a aVrlv: pretty draped turban in black and Spanish turbans. 3 shades of rose fc^^l SrSplnTbrim X iXv^des^f? ywdf'on^by"?
ladies' C h;av-y"'n;ecV-lined union 1^ ?d...f. '■ • . ** earn cactus trimmed In butterfly effect; velvet very effectively trimmed; was <&%0^? soft shades of re- fX?T?i7e?^uledfra^ Sfs to.js
suits, button across shoulder, gus- 109 black cheviot and black beaver was 82..60; now $19- $22 50 now.. . WV"f\ Peda green and 160 pairs new tapestry portieres, 3
sets in sleeves, finished seams, in ecru Jackets, sold at $5 during the season; large mignon velvet hat, most be- most ♦ becoming green and fuchsia **»«* v W paonblue, finish- yards long by 50 inches wide, with 10-
-and natural gray; sizes 4. 5 and 6.... we wish to close them out. so offer coming shape; was $35; now $20 hat in the new drooping brim effect; ed with full roll of f^Veavy knotted overthrow fringe.
; ; • 45c a suit them at $2.95 each Napoleon blue draped hat, merle W fa' c " blkck^elVet"har"thVee"ione ff\ two' e ion^ n plum!s In plain and fancy colors and de-
ladies' Oneita union suits, heavy ' birds and aigrettes; very chic affair; oa'trifh piumea 'rhin\stone ornament! rf^^^P. large bow of Taf- «£*. ln 27 different colorings and
weight and handsomely finished, lm- I dreSS trimmings was S^S- now pangled! $18 ' ostricn plumes, rninestone ornaments .H^^>9^^ > large bow or tar- patterns Vconomy' Incfudt pair
Sa?c!So P r 8 - f s? 2 °e n s-? r m4 nl 5 a and 6-woo! the fall trimmings are brilliant ef- an^mSn^™ WTSw^r^.iS " ' ' VelVet " pokey -long" Vstr^ $f®£ 5 * ' Sng ff. C .!....% fixture, ajo; cart -in Poles and trim
§fl§M#^ »£sSSSa** SSSKsSS ISS^fesS^S-.M : h . S^SsSiS
children'.^ non-shrtnkabie union spangled nettings, steel and black line and velvet> fastened with rhine draped turban in bla^k mallne and black hosiery SJiSngi ?^o?\?. . .*.Z So ea^h
suits, buttons across shoulders, heavy on white, all steel on black, all black stones; was $27; now $20 steel trimming; was $30; now $20 ladles . black cotton hose of fine trimmings, iU
weight, two- thirds wool, handsomely *" &0 to 50 > ara quality and extra heavy weight, .very
finished, seams covered throughout, Jetted spangled net in various de- . _ __ — _. A^~m~^,7 elastic, double soles, heels and toes; Celluloid novelties
in natural gray color; for children 6 signs $1.35 to $3.50 a yard o^< Soar/ /MW/ ■ '/Mr/ sizes Bto 10; at 25c a pair
to 15 years $1 a suit ffln( , v colore< i applique trimmings tfm^/gffl/ *<Z6&f/ //W/ /SZk $2.75 dozen translucent toilet articles, nicely
ln f dai C n y ty C P^ ■ W^m&^fW fff/ full f '- hloned black C ° ttOn h ° Se f ° r eiT^urnose^ venr appropriate f ° r
m . n , c M7^ Qn 1 inch to 2% inches wide J^=£v7 //W a /Ms=®9 (S^^^\ ladies; excellent and warm for win- gift purposes-
meil WeaP L ~ 2 ># "5c to $2.50 a yard /MUIiM ffisif '^f&^JlNff f f&M' -^^ (&¥(-<£>* —-^^MfiSJ) i ter wear; extra heavy, fleece lined; collar and cuff boxes $1.10
men's natural gray, in shirts and •"chiffon applique band trimmings. 1 /&/ /M/ <&&&& Mfe^ \o®~^J*gL^Z' | sizes 8* to 10; at .25c a pair glove .cajßS necktie eyes^ bandker-
drawers, made of high grade wool; i r( .h wide .. 50c a yard /£s&/ /**^f .^ — V^ '— l 0 aozen cniei ooxes, pnoiograpn noiaers,
good solid weight, finished seams.... ! n %vme . /&&/ children's 3-thread black cotton novelty cigar holders $1 each
$1.50 a garment '• one of the latest trimmings, grad- /~£El _^g,g*Z €&<£&&?*&* sfZ/fJSdfefrb. 4 * hose, fine ribbed, dyed a deep and catch-all boxes 50c
men's wool and cotton mixed over- "ated black silk fringe drape, ele- «*^ V--aS *^S22ES^^ZJ i * r t WWQJ'xf^^^ glossy black, G-thread knees, extra Jewel boxes Goc
shirts, medium and dark colors in | ant designs.. $5.50, $6.50, $7.50 each ■"^rurimr^Lißiii mi i*.j— ■* double French soles, heels and toes; case for spectacles 75c
stripes, checks and plain; a fall and graceful and dainty pearl festoons QQ _ _ __ OOQ QAi QAQ QAc; Q/Ln M Q«L- Q <- c*» «+ exceptionally good values; sizes 6to baskets for odds and ends. 25c
winter garment. $1 each for evening costume $1 to $6 each 935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. 9^ 3 pairs for 500 novelty holders for matches 2oc
CONTEMPT OF A
CORONER NOT TO
BE PERMITTED
Sanitarium People Are
Warned.
DID NOT REPORT ALL CASES
♦
INQUEST ON THE BODY OF DR.
ROBERTSON.
That the said Henry D. Robertson,
aged 45 years, occupation physician.
residence In the city and county of
Bfin Francisco, came to his death at
the Waldeck Sanitarium, in said city
and county, on the 19th day of October,
1899, through shuck following amputa
tion of leg, auu that said injury was
received by the accidental discharge ot
a flreann In his own hands, we do
further find that the management of
the Waldeck Sanitarium should be se
verely censured for their lgnoran f
their duties under the law. in failing to
make a report of said death to th©
Coroner.
• h P. Kelly (foremani, A. H.
Becker. John Reding, C. McFadden, 1.
H. Cohen and ii. Disburg.
Coroner Hill Immediately approved the*!
foregoing verdict, rendered yesterday, and
4 the Jury with a cordiality that
was almost effusive. He remarked after
ward that it was just suoh a verdict as :
he had desired and expected; that he had
become tired of running after private san
itariums, attempting to make their man
agers comply with the law.
The case of Dr. Robertson had not been j
reported to the Coroner, and the Coroner,
taking the ground that hJa prerogatives
had been infringed upon, caused an In
to bo held yesterday.
Superintendent Graham testified that he
left such matters as nporting deaths to
the attending physicians. Ho presumed
that the law had been 1 &rrled out in that j
and all other ■ v Nurse Mar- j
caret Anderson t. btifled to the same ef
fect, ai.d the case was submitted to the
Jury.
Deputy Coroner Sullivan learned yester
day morning that John Garretty of luC Til- i
den street had died at Lh< Bani- I
tarium early on Friday morning from the 1
• of un Injury t'> the abdomen caused
by an accidental blow with a crowbar,
whi h the deceased handling
several days before while working on the \
Fifteenth-street hill. When Mr. Sullivan .
asked why tho death of Mr. <,f-rretty had!
not U-«n ■ :..• I oroner, the j
head nurse replied through tho 'phone j
that Mr. Uerretty had died from some Ob- 1
struction In tho viscera. After giving the
head nurse his opinion of her diagnosis,
he reported the case to Coroner Hill who
found that Gerretty's death was accident
al, and accordingly an Inquest was waived.
RABBITS OFFICIALLY NOTICED.
Department of Agriculture Thinks
California Has a Source of
Wealth Undelveloped.
The Government of the United State*
has become interested in the subject of
jackrabbit fur in California. A letter has
been received from the Department of
I Agriculture by Herman Waldeck, which
was signed by T. S. Palmer, acting chief,
of the Biological Survey, in which is the
following passage; "i notice in the San
Francisco Call that you are about to
make an experiment In utilizing the skins
of jackrabbits. We shall be glad to hear
whether your experiment proves a suc
cess. I see no reason why It should not, in
view of the large Importation of Austra
lian rabbit skins, which is now necessary
to supply felt for manufacturing hats."
Mr. waldeck is naturally pleased at th«
interest manifested by the Government.
He said yesterday that he had not yet
reached any satisfactory conclusion,
blnce hia Intention to try the experiment
he has had many communications from
people in various parts of the State. He
has instructed several persons concerning
what they will have to do to determine
whether the skins will be marketable. In
a £t7 "*"<; ek3 there will be enough jack
rabbit skins on hand to satisfy Mr Wal
deck as to ha l. can i? 6 -. done commer
cially. The handUng ot fur is a matter
JLor skilL Mr. Waldeck thinks that th*
THE SAX FEA^CISCO CALX,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1899.
supply of rabbit skins in California is
practically unlimited. If the experiments
succeed there will be another large indus
try to yield income to the people of the
State.
ALASKA'S GREAT FUTURE.
Among the distinguished arrivals of the
last few days is Colonel Charles Relchen
bach, who has spent some time in the
pnowy fastnesses of the Upper Yukon.
The colonel is very enthusiastic concern-
Ing- the future of Dawson. and he pre
dicts great things for the entire territory. ;
He says, that nearly all of the Callfornians
Who went north to win fortune are doing
well and that some of them are progress
ing so rapidly that it will not be long be
fore they will be able to return to their
homes in civilization with enough to in-;
sure them against anything in the shape
of poverty for the rest of their natural
lives.
The colonel is one of the tK-st known
; men In the north, and though his head
quarters are at Dawson, he has interests
all over tho Territory and Is conversant
with tho affairs of all the mining camps
along the river. Speaking of the recently
eered diggings at Cape Nome he
said:
"We have been experiencing 1 quite an
exodus from Dawson for the new dig
gings, which are very rich, but I don't
think this exodus will do Dawson any
great harm. On the contrary, I believe It
will do the camp considerable gnod. The
miners who have gone down the river
will clear tho town of Its surplus popula
tion with the result that wages will pro
up and every one will have ail they can
attend to in the way of work."
"STRIVING FOR THE MOON."
This is what may be said of those who
try to h-nrn to speak and to understand
Spanish by such old-fashioned methods as
the study of the grammar and the making:
of translations. In order that you may
have an opportunity to see something of a
method which makes It possible to pain.
In six weeks, a practical conversational
knowledge of Spanish, you are Invited to
visit Q class for ladles and gentlemen, be
ginning Monday at 4:30 or 7:30 p. m. Pro-
W. V. Hall, Y. M. C. A., corner Ma
son and Ellis. Class fur boys and girls at
8:30. *
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
NOT GOOD AS
LADY TEAZLE
The rain drenched drearily outside the
California, and within Nance O'Neil made
a dreary failure in "School for Scandal."
It was not a nice evening.
With her big, untamed beauty, marred
by the artificial dress of the play's period,
she was not even a "handsome Lady Tea
zle. Far sadder than this, she was not
a real one. There was no tripping', no
sparkling; there was dull and heavy
plodding, and a Lady Teazle that lagged
over Jines where she was meant to
twinkle.
Tempest-tossed Nance can never, never
do it. Give her a role where emotion Is
forbidden and she moves lifelessly. "The
School for Scandal" offers her one snatch
of a scene, where she can be herself, and
she makes the most of It. But Lady Tea
zle's serious moments are the rare mo
ments of her bewilderingly glinting career
and she and Nance O'Xeil were born to
disagree.
Mr. Edwin Mordant- did the best work
In the play, but he fell far short of hav
ing It. He seems to feel more at home
with frisky Charles Surface than ho did
with the Pastor of the early week.
• • ♦
"A Milk White Flag," which opens at
the Columbia to-night, will be followed
by Mathews and Bulger. "Why Smith
Loft Home" Is on its way West.
Local talent comes to the front again
at the Grand. "The Conspirators," by
Stewart and Greene, is a sixteenth, cen
tury opera, laid in Spain.
The Italians of the Tivoll have been
granted a week's vacation and "La Belle
Helen©" will be sung in the place of
grand opera.
Still more animals at the Orpheum. The
Howard ponies are to be replaced by
point* monkey acrobats ami Erna's dOgB.
Among other new turns Wright Hunting
ton will be seen in a little play of his own
making.
The California presents a farce called
"A Breach of Promise." It is about a
man who proposed too much.
"The Musketeers" is the Alcazar's bill.
It is the play ln which Blanche Bates
made her Keiv York hit.
SARAH COMSTOCKL
FORTUNE TELLER'S LUCK.
Alice Martin Creates a Sensation in
Judge Conlan's Court.
There was a scene of excitement In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday during
the testimony of Alice Martin. 1 Fifth
street, the complaining witness in the
case of Trixie Dillon, charged with grand
larceny in stealing two diamond rings
fnim her of the value of $100.
Alice testified that when she missed the
rings she at once accused Trixie, who de
nied taking them. "I told her," said Alice,
"that I had been to a fortune-teller a few
days ago and was told that I would be
robbed. I asked her to go with me to the
fortune-teller and we might find out who
stole the rings. She fit iiret refused, but
finally consented. When we reached the
place Trixie would not go inside and
walked away. The fortune-teller told me
that Trixie had stolen the rings. 1 '
There was instantly a general demand
fir the name of the fortune-teller. Judre
Oonlan said he would like to know if the
charter would be sustained or rejected.
Prosecuting Attorney I/>w said he would
like to know if he would be elected Police
Judge. Others expressed their desire to
(■••liHiiit the fortune-teller, and the prob
ability is that she will do a rushing busl
ness f«T the next few days.
The case for the prosecution was con
cluded and a continuance granted till next
Wednesday.
COURT NOTES.
Manuel Moßride, cook on the ferryboat
Sausalito, -charged with the murder of
Vincent Burch, a waiter, was Instructed
ami arraigned in Judge Treadwell's court
yesterday, and the case was continued till
next Thursday.
William Mendenhall, ex-Serpent In the
Twenty-fourth infantry, who lired a shot
at John Castro, saloon-keeper, 311 Pacific
street, was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Tread
well "ii a rhurgo of assault to murder In
|20M imnds.
The case of Attorney Charles "W. Smyth,
charged hy Henry Mayer, tailor, 40 Mont
gomery street, with embezzling Sl6O, was
dismissed by Judge Graham yesterday, as
there was no evidence to support the
charge.
Albert Porter, a "dope fiend." who stole
a coat and vest from Joseph Schultz's
lodging-house, SO2 Montgomery street,
and broke a window and knocked down
a woman in his efforts to escape, was y«?s
terday sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Conlan.
J. R. Hurd, engineer of the San Jose
train, charged with manslaughter in con
nection with the death of I--orenzo Clar
della and his little girl at the Sunnyside
crossing three weeks ago, had his case
dismissed by Judge Mogan yesterday, as
hp was not responsible.
H J. Guturiez, a Spaniard, who was ar
rested In the Spreckels market for insult
ing girls at the weighing machine, was
yesterday convicted by Judge Conlan on
the charge of disturbing the peace, and
was ordered to appear for sentence to
morrow.
T. Minamide, the Japanese who was
convicted of having brutally asaulted a
white woman some weeks ago, was sen
tenced to serve twenty years in the State
penitentiary by Judge Dunne yesterday.
Benjamin A. Curtaz has filed answer to
the action Instituted by his wife, Jose
phine Sarah Curtaz, for a divorce. Mr.
Curtaz denies that he has been guilty
of infidelity and asks that Mrs. Curtaz'
petition be denied. Judge Daingerfield
will hear the case Monday afternoon.
See "Keith's" sale millinery jfoods,
slightly damaped hy water from upstairs.
Fine hats half price. Keith's millinery
goods, Phelan's building. •
Policeman Injured.
Patrolman Fred Green of the California
street squad wrenched his ankle severely
yesterday afternoon while pursuing some
boys cm Washington and Front streets
who had been stealing fruit from com
mission merchants. Mr. Green was taken
to the harbor hospital. The injury Is
very .severe, the tendons being torn, and
it will be some time before he will be
able to attend to duty.
Farewell Concert.
Tuesday evening next a farewell con-
cert will be tendered Cantor Meyerson,
prior to his departure for Chicago. The
programme is appropriate and very well
selected.
■ 1 " THE CREDIT HO USE" J
1 Six Stories High 4
I; |f|7*so]j
' Three Piece Parlor suit; »
!! roomy easy chair, reception \\
;; chair and large settee. Ma- ||
(' hogany finish and polished; ''
\\ beautifully inlaid; upholstered «
; in silk; workmanship of the {
' best. This is the time of year <>
I! when home gatherings call for ]!
I artistic home furnishings J;
I $17.50 {
• The healthfulness, cleanliness and J
I durability of Metal Beds still ad- j|
• vances them in popular favor. Bronze, n
• Brass, and Iron in most pleasing and t
]! artistic designs. A brass trimmed \
i white enameled iron bed, in all sizes, *
J[ $2.90. Better ones for more than $100. ♦
]' Time of year to add a few more f
v comforts. An elegant line of silk 4
(i comforts, of beautiful patterns and ♦
• rich colorings, finely quilted and "
! tufted, handsomely finished. \
j 1 CARPET DEPARTMENT ('
J! Floor needs for small rooms in »
(i Matting Remnants. sto 25 yard 4
]| pieces. Stylish 25 to 50 cent grades "
} for 10 cents and 15 cents a yard. I
I Our Electric Carpet Sewing Ma- !
J chine is still at your — quick. *
11 strong, evenly matched carpet lay »
( I Ing service. ♦
I . Free delivery. Oakland, Alatneda. Berkeley *
I M FRIEDMAN d CO,, I
i I 233 to 237 Post St. \
, \ Open evenings Near Stockton 6
IT JtMJJß *'ii tfrHlli I I I U| || |i Ij
FORTUNES A.
In
I OIL STOCK
Prospectus and Maps Fre«
206 Kearny St. San Francisco j
|j *- ted on California On Exchange *.
X h owl t
Headache Toots \ Rheumatlmn. Neuralgia,
tor Malaria . SSS^^i' n and , all P^n*- Internilly
wr aiaiana. aad all Bowel Paina^Jl CntsMißti.THE SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE
SECTION
4™!"Y- ; i: Vaal Boer must be accepted as
a result nnd not as a factor in the
history of South Africa. He Is hlm-
Beif either a Vorelreker or is the
J^ Immediate descendant of one. Of.
& strong lshmaelitish warp he was
In tlitj past .■■•'■ an discon
tented with the rulings of the
Dutch East India Company and
the intervention of the English, as he Is
to-day with the British and Outlander.
His history from the days v.hen the
Dutch, in 1050, first occupied the Cape of,
Good Hope is too well known to her© re
quire repetition. Discontent with any au
thority other than hia own personal will
has ever been one of his characteris
tics.
The ceding of the Cape to Great Brit
ain in ISI4 lor the sum of $30,000,000 and
•ome Bp«.clal considerations marked the
beginning of the trouble between the
Boers and the Kutllsh, which hua con
tinued until now.
The early administration was not well
managed. There was a most marked
Jealousy between the then free Dutch and
the English along" the lines of maritime
development— a condition which demand
ed a mot-t liberal recognition, as well as
diplomatic manipulation. Rivalry became
friction; friction became hatred; hatred
expressed itself In dissunsiun— until the
Boer became openly hostile; and an enemy
was created where better understanding
miKht have secured a friend.
Among the chief causes of rupture in
the early stage of Anglo-Dutch icultiea
was the sudden abolition of slavery and
the unsatisfactory way in which claims
were adJusted.VThe methods of the mis
elonariea were also vi.pleasing, as they
•xpected of the Boer a philanthropy
which he did not and cannot understand
The Boer had always felt himself superior
to the native. X the native was willing
to obey him: nil went well; if not the
netive was knocked on the head, ami th.-re
the discussion terminated; the Boer taking
charge of his widows, which fact accounts
tor a largo part of th<; mixed population
of '■■■ Cape Colony of to-day.
The Boer looked upon the acts of the
missionaries a3 expressing the sentiment
of the British Government; and uncon
cealed hatred of the Government was th«
result.
Though for a time after the '"Great
Trek of 1836 he British and the Boers
worked to{- rp thor In harmony around the
Bay of Natal, defending themselves
against a common foe, the KafMrs. "Din
fflnnV day" (a Boer national holiday
commemorating the defeat of Dingaan
th'- Kaffir chief, on December 16. 1838)
vtifl no sooner established, however, than
the Boers claimed all the bay and- op
posed a force of 1500 men to the 200 lso
lated BrnrU*h troop* garrisoned there.
The ii/Tiv*U of British reinforcements
saved the position end the English flaf
was raised ar.d remained. The Boer*
made terms, but aa In prior days, some
refused conditions and trekked inland and
northward.
Ar.dries Pretorius remained In Natal.
but latf-r • c methods used
by Sir H. Potl f the
noted Irishman. Sir George White, the
present commandei in Natal— and joined
the voretrek< i More trouble
followed, but the famous Sand River con
vention, with its terminal clause, "No
slavery will bo permitted/* took place
and In 1*32 the discontented Boers cr 1
th>« River Vaal Into th< land bi it
Transvaal. The two C
Pretorius and Potgleter, becami recon
ciled, and in the town of Rustenl ■
treaty was ratified. It was In thf Church
of Rustenberg that Oem Paul »h i
tho saints by standing upon his head on
the topmost beam wh<-n It was laid u» the
last timber in the sacred *
Soon after thii= the Sand River conven
tion was ignored arcl a quarrel with the
natives under Chief Setyoli followed. Set
yell wus a protege of th*- celebrated Dr.
Livingstone, who was then located In the
ciilcrs territory, and the Boers claim that
Dr. Livingstone instigated thia action.
Oom Paul, then simply "Field Cornet
Kruper " was one of the commanders of
the attacking Boers and perchance had a
"dood Kkit" at the great missionary. The
Orange Free State had petitioned In 1331
to be readmitted f> tne South African
Federation, but the home Government re
called the Governor. Sir George Grt-y, ior
advocating such a policy, an action
Btrangely short-sighted but not surpris
ing to the student of South African his
tory. Potgieter and Pretorius died, the
one in March, the other in July of the
name year— lßs3. At this sta«;e of devel
opment the republic was divided into [our
districts — Potehefstrom, Lydenburg,
Toutpansberg and Kustenberg. A new
district was added, having In Us center
the viHaar» named after the late com
mandant. General Pretorius— Pretoria— its
Bite being two farms bought lor th* sum
of $3000.
The native now felt the burden of Boer
rule and many cases of tyranny were
•woven Into the history of the young re
public.
"Apprentices'" mad« of' "black Ivory"
•were in demand, and the method of ob
taining thfim ■was. .pimply to, Bliaot tlia
atfnlt natives and take the children before
the.Landdrost, stating that they had been
found wandering about and that, touched
with sympathy, the masters desired to
take "the poor little ones" Into their
care. The orphans thus became appren
tices.
The following extract from a letter
written not twenty years agro Is Interest
ing: •■• ••..*- Als .v. kleyn Kaffers kryg,
THE CAUSES OF THE
WAR
Fn Bchryf my wat het kost— B myd« «n
drie yongen." (If you set small Kaffirs,
be good enough to buy six for me. • • *
and write me what they cost— three maids
and three youths.)
This from a pious r>ner shown that the
"little people," as Olive Schrelner mater
nally calls the Vaal Boers, bad an eye to
a l;J>or bureau supply, and Illustrates the
Voretrekers' ld< & i I ke< ping a treaty
when it imposed upon them any restraint.
In the Transvaal th-- Boer's patriarch
al instincts an«l his desire for isolation
asserted themselves and he wanted his
"huts" twenty miles at least from his
neighbor, and 'here he vegetated, hated
by the natives, until a decay was Immi
nent—a treasury containing 60 cents, a
commerce* degenerated to barter, was a
certain preface to utt<>r dissolution or rev
olution. In 1877 this condition was so evi
dent that Sir Theophilus Shepstone an
nexed the Transvaal to the imperial Gov
ernment, aji act which has evoked many
criticisms, but was made necessary by
the old spirit of rebellion and Boer dia
llke for authority.
President Burgess, elected by the peo
ple, was unable to enforce their laws and
they \itterly refused to pay the taxes
they themselves had imposed. Had the
English Commissioner left the Transvaal
to Its fate he would have been deemed
illiberal and cruel. He took it under his
care and Is considered equally In tha
Tyrong. • •
XUa TJ*axi!ivaal ' buhght ' frbra '77 to '89
has b««B th« pwrolt of a drift poficy. Th«
promises made at the annexation even
partly fulfilled would have Initiated a
period of prosperity, but Indifference and
criminal negligence provided the very en
vironment which Kruger and his com
panions desired, and which kept alive the
feeling of unrest and contempt of law
they hereditarily knew bo well how to
utilize. The Government agents were
simply anesthetized, while the crafty Boer
embodied his wacht-een-beetije (wait a
while) policy, giving less information
whon he seemed most prodigal of report,
and being most guilty of intrigue when
seemingly most anxious to be frank.
There was no fear of Oom Paul commenc
ing "operations" before the victim was
fully 'under- the chloroform." True, a
more active " and sympathetic diplomat
than Governor Lanyon would have noted
the "wink of Uncle Paul's eye" and
would not have been caught napping, as
he was. The same Boer craft and the
tame British slumber are being demon
strated in the overtures of .'99.
The Boer, proper Is a farmer, but he hrj
been bred away from civilization on lines
so concentrated and bo Inbred that Ids
mentality -has been narrowed until he is
either' stupid or fanatic— the latter class
being 'the more numerous. He is, to use
the expression of one of my friends who
experienced the torture of twenty-four
hours', crucifixion to a wagon wheel, and
w.hqse, wrlsta .still, bear the marks cut
Into them' by the ox-reims, a "professor of
religion, for h« trcrntc psalms In fait c&mg
while I fainted at the -wagon wheel."
Personally I failed to Una In the most
pious much of the tenderness of the genti«
Nazarene.
J fully believe when the clash on th«
Transvaal really cornea that acts will b«
perpetrated which would discredit th«
humanity of the Apaches. Such took place
In the last war, and there is no reason
to believe that the contact of the Boe*
for the past sixteen years with th«
"Tweed ring of Hollanders" has modi
fied his applied Christianity.
The siege of Pretoria was prefaced by
tho famous "wagon incident." A Gov
ernment levy 1? to ihe Vaal Boer as stim
ulating as is the pull tax to a San Fran
cisco policeman.
In Cape Colony during the year 181*
there was a Dutchman, Bezlndenhout bjT
name, who, by refusing to pay taxes,
started a revolt which caused several
deaths and then expiated his crime on
the gallows at Slaaprhters Nek. A name
sake and direct descendant of his in 1880
owed $70 for taxes which he refused to
pay. Special officers could collect noth
ing, and finally the Sheriff seized a wagon
as collateral. A party of Boers headed
by Oronjo recovered it. and appeal wai
made to the Government at Pretoria.
I well remember that quiet Sunday
morning early in November, as I stood
on the Poort Hills overlooking the port
Continued on Page Twenty-Tw».22
A Review of the Most Striking Books of the Week,
What the Workers In the Literary World Are Doing
BY PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
ON TRTAI/. by "Zack," is a novel
which unites uncommon power with
uncommon beauty. The scene If laid
In Devonshire, and although the
a.tion Is never interrupted by the Intro
duction of deliberate formal description
the book has the t'eel of Devonshire all
through it. One sees the sky through the
tangled branches across the lane, deep
betw»^n hedgerows, smells the fresh <a " h
wet -with r.ain and breathes In the soft sea
air. There is Devonshire; too. In the life
portrayed—the homely fulness of rural
pood will; th* slow, sullen, black-hot In
tensity of rural passion. Where but
among English country folk or their
Scotch and American kin do such types
of grotesque and serious g-rimness come
to exist as Mary Anne Wort, who held
hate in her heart for ten years over a
cheat in the purchase of three herrings,
and who asks pardon on her deathbed:
"But mind this, if 1 g'H well these things
Hhali be ns they were before"— or a- Silas
Trust Ror>\ who wooes Mary Anne with the
Sift of her dead cat stuffed, with "a
squeak in tin. Pinch his tall, zo."
The churacters live. The reader can feel
Phoebe's desolation like a physical pres
ence, as she sit* al<<m\ her father's curse
and hor mother^ death heavy upon her,
and prays that her lover, for whose re
loas<- she committed the theft, her unsel
fish ciimo, may have manhood not to sin
and may not be called on to surfer as she.
Then- « r • ■ [Vw sweeter saints than this
peasant girl, so strong and tender. Dan
is sadly real; he affects one like one's own
bad conscience. Poor "-Oacktwisted" Dan.
praying; *■.■> vainly, that he might nut
"act cowiirdMil this once"; struggling to
tell his uncle thai it was not for herself,
but for him. that l'hoobe had stolen the
money, and always failing before tho
hard eyes and the hard speech; striving
helplessly to free himself from Trustgore,
■while Trust gore coolly tells the young fel
low that if he talla to pieces in his hands
it is his maker's fault, no one else's:
"Why should I lose my protit if he.l 'ull
'aye 'cc any way?"
The scene at the conclusion between
Pan and Trustgore illustrates well the In
tensity of the inspiration and ■..s perfec
tion of the execution of this powerful
novel.
c retreating llg
j erzulf," t-.c
■ Dan took the gun and went down the
lane out onto the moor, where the sea
mist drilled in thick gray banks. There
•was no sound except when he splashed
through it few yards of oozy soil, or
brushed against a bedrizzled thorn tree.
He walked on; he had no conscience of
vhat h* was doing; his heart was emptied
of feeling. Suddenly the log parted and
he found himself face to face with Silas
Trustgore. At the Bight of hi» enemy the
l,eed of revenge came to Dan, streaming
down each tingling pulse into his empty
heart. .Laying the gun on the ground ha
gripped the old man around the waist,
lifted him from tho saddle, and the fog
closed In upon them both, bo that each
caw the other through a gray veil.
Then Dan t-poke and his voice sounded
soft and dull, so that he told himseLf that
It was not he that spoke, but some other
man, or the mist, maybe.
•'Me and you," he eaid. "have a deal to
Eeiilo. Look to yerzulf, for either you
kills me or I kifls you." Then without
further words he took his enemy by the
throat and dashed his list Into his face.
Swaying back, Silas grasped at the gun,
■wht-ro it lay muzzle toward Dan on the
ground: a spray of. heather caught In the
trigger and in a moment the contents of
botn barrels were lodged in the young
fellow's chest. With a half-uttered cry he
fell, rolled a few paces and lay tearing
at the. soft turf, along which the blood
began t<> trickle slowly. A brief moment
the hostler stood and watched the red
ftreaia, then mounting his pony he roda
away. Far below in the valley a breeze
fLro/e, parting the fog into long gray
urips which it caught again and rolled
out of sight beyond the high ridges of
the moor. The Inter bud gleamed coldly
on the reil farm buildings, the great yel
low stacks of corn, on the elder hedge,
tho spinney of tall slender larch trees.
.liaising himself Dan looked for the last
time at tho farm that he loved bo well.
ar.d for the possession of ■which he had
played so poor a part.
"I wud dearly liked to ha' been maater
o' nt wance," iip murmured. Then the
blood, frothing up, choked his utterance,
tnd he f<-ll back dead, (<_'. Scribner's Sons,
NfcW York. ■■'. BO.)
Prince Timoteo, whose real name Is
Timothy Lawrence, is a jolly good fellow.
cousin to Major tahagan and honest
Baron Munchaupen. There Is a touch of
kinship to Falstaff in him, too. Although
he speaks modestly of himself, he is
obliged In the lnter.-sts of truth to In
form ' is reader that he ascended Mount
St. las two years before Prince Luigi
Amadeo, and that after Professor Libbey
visited the Enchanted Mesa he climbed
It himself, leaving some pots and cooking
Utensils, which he hud rowed from the
Indians, and which were perhaps the pre
historic relics afterward found there.
He beta that he can climb to the top of
a rocky Island which stands in the midst
of an Italian lake, and the precipitous
tides of which rise 1200 feet from the sur
face of the water, lie makes the begin
ning of his ascent by m<»ans. of a sloping
face of rock, and by taking advantage of
a fissure here, a ledge there, climbs half
way up. Above him the cliff rises sheer,
find he Is pre paring his apparatus for this,
the most difficult part of the ascent, when
something touch*- his head. He looks up.
A rope dangle? before him. He seizes and
Jerk? It. and in an Instant is being drawn
to the top of the mysterious island. The
rope is all but drawn in when an old man
looks over hi him.
"Are you the Prince?"
"Of cour?e."
11* 1h reeled In and swung to land; finds
the plateau Inhabited by a population
■which had been separated from the world
ears before by an earthquake that
thrust up ihe rock) Island fn.m the lake.
I just as their ancestors lived
whei froi • ■ resl of mankind,
lid, eat. drink, dance, gov
• all, flpht a< they Now
the adventure? of Timoteo. how he woo
the love of the Lady fopollta, w
Into a well and brouKlit before the .ludp-
Hnd how he slew seven
brigands In the tower, and how he was
Continued Prom I'nge Twenty-On«
road from Pretoria and heard the familiar
rattle of the gun carriages, which sound
ed strangely out of place; but such was
the mate: £cply to the appeal for pro
tection given the Sheriff of Potchefs
toon. Little did the gunners or the in
fantry accompanying them dream that
they were to be the principal actors In
one of the most trying ordeals the British
soldier whs ■ '•■' i" called upon to endure.
A few of us viewing the situation more
clearly than the rest formed a mounted
patrol abuut two miles outside of the city,
With the watchword "Essex." On the
night of December 17 a variety show was
Kiven in camp, and between acts the com-
Kiandinj; officer suddenly disappeared. The
mine was sprung. The wagon incident,
had precipitated war, and the memory of
Dinsaan's day— December It;— was good
for the Boer. He hauled down the flag in
Hedllberg and hoisted hiß own; and this
news was deemed definite enough to up
set the "dress circle" of our evening's en
tertainment. Thus was war proclaimed
In the city of Pretoria.
V'e 'were shut off from the outer world,
for next day the last mail cart reached us.
'The trails were seized by the Boers, but
the pa=sengere, an Irishman and his two
rl-Luehters. were allowed to go through.
One of these girls, with true Irish
bravery and loyalty, managed to secrete
In the bosom of her dress the dispatches
Intended for Governor I.anyon.
Pretoria was besieged. It was soon
evident that we had in our midst many
who would fire from the rear. Every
urecaution was necessary. We dug
trenches and converted the old church
into a haven for th© women and children.
It was Sunday, but >Uh»H day Kaffirs
saved by the ready wit of Ippollta, who
blinded Vix thieves and destroyed with a
. r fair hand all the Judges
and half the police of the realm, and how
rthquake brought the Island down,
leaving him and her. their doe and the
holy phlnbone of Saint Anrirogfo alone on
a little rock In the lake— are they not all
written In his own veracious chronicle of
Plrenzallno?
■T'r:; cc Tlmnteo 11 is a charmingly pay
and audacious piece of nonsense. (F. Ten
nyson Nef.y, New Tork.i
Maurice Hewlett's "Little Novels of
Italy" are novels in the old Italian sens©
— short amorous tales. Boccaccio himself
would not have been ashamed to own.
some of them. The scenes are laid In
Italy in the fifteenth century and the
ianKuaKe has a tinge of antiquity lust
sufficient tn give it a gracious melody
ty of romance. Mr.
Hewlett's style has a quaini and dell
cloua precision in conveying physical lm
'•ghe saw his pale profile burn like a
silver coin In the dusk; ' "Hiis rusty cloak,
the white of his ! eye, the cran
ing of i neck, the very angle of his
sword -cocked up for frolic like a wren's
tail— spoke the profuse conspirator;"
THE CAUSES OF THE WAR IN THE TRANSVAAL
were busy throwing up earthworks
aroun ll (Bee That after
ten of our carbineers with myself
were asked to go oui and get some
and we divided Into tw parties, four
c with myself taking the road to
the v port, a miniature Kyber
Pass, Hanked on one side by a river and
on the other by high cliffs. The road wa-s
narrow and It waa a risky exploit, but
we Rot through in safet; , On the other
Shi.- vi the pass we found a large
farm where seventy horses had been col
lected, of course only for "farming
purposes." We surrounded the band, had
them well in toward the I lothllla be
fore the assembled Boera collected sense
enough to open fire, and broughi them
Pi ' v:;< 'in the dead run. it was
not a bad collection for our first day out
of ' hurch.
Martial law was now proclaimed— and
- found untenable. All citizens
moved to the military camp, where, under
s, in stables, outhouses and In the
op< n, 2700 of us formed homes. Rations
• a by Government orders in
eiiual share u> all, and all who could were
. to carry arms, the stronger women
bi Ing
Foot and mounted volunteer corps were
formed and I was attached to the Pre
toria Carbineers. Much work was to be
done and all were expected to assist.
"There were," an old Irish redcoat de
dared, "no gentlemen Ir. camp." On the
night of December 27 a flash signal from
one of the forts reported a light in a
house fmr distance beyond our lines. It
was supposed to be a secret meeting of
the Boers and word was Bent to the car
bineers, gome twenty of. ivhom, un4er
"The Via Delia Gatta was cobbled, shab
by-white, secret, blind; it echoed silence,
was a place for slippering crones, for fur
tive cat* and the smell of garlic and
charcoal fires;" "Against a mild
radiance, softer than any lamp
could shed, was a tall, shrouded
woman's figure. They Baw the round of
her cloaked head, they saw the white
stream of her underrobe run from a peak
at her bosom In a broadening path to her
feet. They Baw the pure gray moon of
faca, guessed, by th« dark rings where
her eyes should be, watched wtth quicker
awe the clow movement of her arms, lift
ed their own to what she held up, ana to
the running undercurrent of the two sob
bing drabs muttered In one voice their
remembered adoration." Such pictures
shine on nearly every page. It ie seldom
Indeed that a writer conveys the impres
nion of womanly beauty and i h. rm with
so much vividness as Mr. Hewlett.
The tales are swift, decisive, full of
warmth and color; in the main gay; even
whore they strike a note of seriousness
or of tragedy, more interesting for their
brilliant I'fe and energy than for their
power of moving the heart. In fact, they
lack but passion to he great. No Imi
tative works of conscious art can attain
cover of dnrknoss, crept up to within
striking distance of the house, when we
extended In open order, keeping u!;<lc r
cover of the brush. Later on we rushed
the house, met with no resistance, only a
few Boers being there. These we sent
back to camp under escort, while ten "f
us w<-re Instructed to patrol toward the
Hedilberg read. fl> extended about a
quarter of a mile apart, and I, going
through an orchard, which lny on my
tine, emerged to lind none of my com
panions In sight. I crossed a river close
at hand and making my way out of the
brush found myself In b flH<l adjacent to
Beveral nouses, where a Boer and a lot
i : Kaffirs were ni work. 1 saw ihat the
Boer was unarmed so I rude up to him
and asked him if there were any Boers
in that vicinity.
He started and admitted, "Yaas, a Boer
patrol was on the hill this morning yon
der," pointing to a hilltop about naif a
mile distant. Without another word I
rode in th< direction he pointed to warn
my comrades, who l had concluded, were
somewhere around. (>n the other
half way up to the hill, I found two of
oui men, who had crossed ih<- river
higher up, and told them the news, but
all beinK cjuiet. we decided to dismount
and wall for the others, as we had been
seven hours in the saddle and were over
six miles distant from camp.
As we were resting and chatting one of
mv friends saw Beveral horsemen coming
toward us from the river.
"Here are the Boers!" he cried, but I
thought they were our men until turning
around 1 saw some others coming over
the hilltop.
''Mount!'-' 1 cried, "here are the- Boers,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
that height and Mr. Hewlett's art Is both
Imitative aiid conscious. But for charm,
grace, finish, gayety, the Joy of living,
these tales could* not be surpassed.
Macmlllan Company, New York. Jl BO.)
As la usual at this season, a large pro
portion of the books recently published
are In whole or in part reprints from
magazines. One of these Is Anthony
Hr.pe's "The King's Mirror," which gains
In effect by the change from serial to
book form. Pretty nearly everybody has
already formed an opinion about the new
novel, and most people are disappointed
In It. Some think It weak. The truth Is,
"The King's Mirror" 1b not like Anthony
Hope's earlier novels; and the public sel
dom takes kindly to a great change in
t lie nature of on author's work. If you
have your month made up for a cherry
ihe be:-t strawberry in the world will not
taste right. The geography of "The
King's Mirror" is the .same as that of
"Zenda," but the climate has changed,
and romance doea not thrive in It. The
King i:< as noble a gentleman as l>is
brethren Hope's other heroes. He has a
wise head, a steady heart, a strong hand;
bui instead of gallantly achieving the
impossible he Bees with smiling but bitter
hopelessness the triumph of common
surely," and so they proved to be.
our men ;u the river signaler! to us to
ride to the farm I had just left, as the
were rapidly Increasing in numbers,
and already the bullets were singing
around our eai < fne horse was down and
many wound* d. I carried, as In the Zulu
war, a Henry carbine, an effective
weapon, good at a thousand yards and
easily manipulated by one hand. The
other volunteers had rifles. We reached
the farmhouse and threw ourselves from
our hor ea One fellow on a white hors.
was especially active, and my carbine was
loaded and ready to hand, so L gave him
Its contents at 760 yards, thus firing the
first J'.riii^h shot in "the Pretoria siege.
My friends now got Into action and we
managed to check the advance of the
Boers, though as their numbers were
continually being added to it was useless
to attempt to hold them at bay. So, still
firing, and carrying our wounded with us,
we crept back to the cover of the brush
at the river. The Roer firing was hot,
bur they did not attempt to rush us. In
the rear of the river was a kopje of bowl
ders, to which we gradually worked. The
B — a closed in, but as they did not now
ace us their shots were Less effective, and
the unequa! light kept on, the Boers get
ting the worst of it until ihe llring was
heard in camp and the carbineers came
out at the gallop, giving us the support we
needed. Gradually the Boers retired, and
thus ended our rirst tipht with the enemy
at the historical Six-mile spruit.
At the cngnpement at 1 o'clock on the
morning of January 6 Piet Marias, a young
loyal Boer, and myself went ahead as
scoute.
Hidir.g rorwurO«ebout a- mile, and » half,
"Me and you," he said, "have a deal to zettle. Lool^ tc
yerzulf, for either you Kills me or I K«"s you."
(Froro "On Trial," by "ZacK-")
place fate. The wind which blew infec
tious cheer through the earlier books has
fallen and died.
The. trouble Is that the Btory has no
crisis. If the King could only have been
worthily killed or mightily triumphant lti
a clean light the reader would have been
content; but it was not worth while mak
ing such a fine fellow of him only to tie
him hand and foot, and, In the end, to
leave him face to face with the Insoluble
problem of a weary, disillusioned life.
On the other hand, the book Is painfully
true, and the gradual conquesi of the
King's free Impulses is developed with
power. There la a trifling line in "Ham
lot" which has a. melancholy reverbera
tion, and which mighi have served as a
motto for this novel "The Prince Is at
his princely exercises." Do you suppose
freedom to love or to lead is granted him?
P ■ fellow! he must learn to be a King;
to hide his thoughts; to distribute his
favors; to smile; u> bow; to marry; to lay
cornerstones, as his exalted position re
quires. Has he some wl.sh to do his coun
try good Let him choke, it; the King
must not be a partisan. Would he have
a friend? Let him beware; the King
must have n<> favorites. Does he love.
Let him remember that Princes wed not
for love, but for reasons of state. Little
by little the man becomes a King. It Is
to the credit of Anthony Hope that his
King remains a lovable man. D. Appleton
& Co., New York; $1 50.
Parts of three books of railroad stories,
now published by the Doubleday & Mc-
Clure Company, have also appeared In
magazines: Brady's "Tales of the Tele
graph," Hill's "Stories of the Railroad"
we sighted the Boers in Btrong position on
Zwaari kopje. The artillery advanced at
a trot and noisily announced our presence.
My companion and myself found our
selves about 800 yards from the kopje ab
solutely unprotected and we dismounted
ami. lying down, fired whenever we saw
a head. It seemed a miracle that we es
caped, ;us the ground all around was
pitted with the shots fired at us, but
gradually our men worked into the firing
line in a most graceful crescent. Many of
the volunteers and regulars fell, but the
men closed In. "Fix bayonets" was sound
ed, and we redcoats went forward on the
double quick in the face of a heavy fire.
Ug went a white flag from the Boer po
sition and we ceased firing. The colonel
asked me to accompany his orderly, one
of the Seventeenth I,ancers, bearing a
white flag, to the kopje and request the
officer in command to come and see him.
Trotting our horses across the drift, we
rode right up toward the face of the hill.
\\ hen about seventy yards off the honor
able Boers opened a volley upon us. and,
wheeling around, we retired with our flag
of truce under a hailstorm of rifle bullets
Our troops immediately opened fire and a
little later we carried the hill, took the
Boers prisoners, blew up the wagons and,
collecting their wounded along with our
own wounded and dead, brought them into
camp. On our way back with our guns
stuck In a mud spruit the Boers opened
fire from the foothills, but the volunteers
advancing, the Boers retired, not, how
ever, without adding to our list of casual
ties. Daily did we vainly expect to hear
the welcome roar of Colley's guns and
our situation became hourly more- hazard
ous.
and Hamblen's "We Win." Since the
novel was Invented, nearly every corner
of the human spirit has been explored for
subjects, and nearly every type of human
nature studied and tormented in the
manufacture of heroes. After historical
novels, local novels, class novels, problem
novels, we have "occupation novels."
Naturally it is the bolder occupation,
those which afford scope for heroism,
that have first been chosen for treatment.
The soldier and the sailor have, of course,
long been stock figures. Yet, even in the
sea novels ami the war novels the stories
wen .Menial. They dealt with the
humors and the romance of their sub
jects, but not with the real life of the
soldier and the sailor. Hero is Kipling's
originality— he has tried not to study
from without, but to create from within.
His method is often tediously technical,
his art rough, but his conception is a high
and will be a fruitful one. For the pres
ent his Influence upon most who have ta
ken suggestions from him has been In
many ways injurious. He encourages a
brutal realism of style and has helped to
confirm the delusion that the raw materi
al of a story \a a story. In the ideal talo
of occupation, character and action will
be colored through and through by the
occupation chosen, but the work will
never lose tlie s. tise of normal human life
and the true dignity of art. The circum
stances of the tale will be those of the
railroad, the lumber camp, the telegraph
company: the human nature will be uni
versal human nature displaying itself in
those circumstances.
In the three books, the names of which
are mentioned, each author has had a
different view of the problem of the rail
road story. Mr. Hill, In "Stories of the
A fight at the Red House kraal early
In February added to our list o.f dead and
was noted for the gallant stand made by
the volunteers under 'a most galling fire.
The Boers crept up and captured an am
bulance which a native driver had fool
ishly driven into the tiring line. They
were most anxious to get a gun and ai
most succeeded, but the carbineers rode
in among them and drove them back, un
til the gun could be changed in position,
when it spoke for itself. We lost about
40 horses and 30 men killed and wounded,
the colonel and myself being among the
latter.
This was the last big fight. On the one
hundred and third day of the investment
a mounted man bearing a flag of truce
was reported by our yldettes. He brought
the news of Laings Neck and the still sad
der news of peace. It was to us a peace
that passed all comprehension. We could
scarcely believe that our blood had been
spilt so utterly in vain.
Of the seven beleaguered garrisons scat
tered over the Northern Transvaal not
one surrendered. Several were under tire
day and night for over three months,
and men, women and children endured
hardships equal to the miseries of • Be
nares, Cawnpore and Lucknow, and while
the howl of sympathy resounds for the
poor Boers, the "little people," let at least
a moiety of consideration be doled out to
the "loyalists," who lost much, suffered
more, and were. at last set aside uncon
sidered.
In the month of September, after six
weeks' trek in ambulances, the wounded
survivors of the siege of Pretoria reached
the Natal confines and halted for the
night underneath the shadow of Malabo,
Railroad," worked up some plots, ■anti
mental or sensational, and staged the
whole with railroad properties. The real,
natural, actual life of the railroad le not
In his book. His heroism Is not the hero-
Ism the railroad man is called on to
show; his sentiment is not railroad senti
ment; his work Is not vital or genuine.
Mr. Hamblen's "We Win" is of a differ
ent type. It is an honest narrative of a
healthy, natural young boy, who has
pluck and good nature and perseverance,
and who is made lucky by the author.
The railroad element i^ mure simply and
genuinely treated than in Mr. Hill's work,
but it is only an accident of the story,
not the medium in which it live?. What
there Is is thin and weak. The scenes are.
homely pictures of rural American life—
the country picnic, the love-making, the
high-flown speeches, are as vivid as pho
tographs. Indeed, the book is open to the
charge of utter commonplaceness in sub
stance, tone and sentiment. A certain
good-tempered sincerity makes It pleas
ant.
Captain Brady's "Tales of the Tele
graph" belongs to a diilf rent class. The
author ha* really understood what he
undertook to do. Here the situations
grow out of the natural circumstances of
a telegrapher's occupation. No one but
a telegrapher could havo been placed as
his characters are; no one but a telegra
pher would have thought, acted an'i joked
like them. And yet they are n..t tele
graphic machines or oddities, but men,
most remarkably like you." Their lan
guage Is not so extremely technical as to
bore or puzzle th« reader. In lest and
tragedy, in heroism and tenderness, these
little stories ere alive and true.
Captain Brady's weakness la a neglect
of finish arm of dignity. Hla wori Is
marred by a too liberal realism of
employed whet; it is not needed for dra
matic effect. The result Is a lack of con
trast to set off his and make
their peculiarities distinct. The lanpuag
and pentirr.pnt which ought to be confined
to the character? ai •.! by the
author. Tims the whole hook is made to
seem rude in manner and commonplace
In feeling. If Captain Srady could unite
delicacy and distinction with his evident
force of imagination his work would de
serve the name art.
("We Win," by Herbert E. Hamhlon;
"Stories of the Railroad. " by J. A. Hill;
"Tales of the Telegrajli. " by J. E. Brady.
The Doubleday & McClure Company, New
York.)
That Professor Paintsbury, who h&a
read everything and is writing about it an
fast as he ran should in time reach M ir
thew Arnold is but natural. Matthew
Arnold must be to him a fascinating op
posite. Arnold was in a way a II
he was a believer In equality without be
ing democratic; in a church without dng
ma, in criticism without a philosophy of
criticism; his personality, as shown in his
writings, is urbane; his style has charm,
melody, precision of word, if not always
philosophic exactness, of thought; his
weakness is in the direction of shining too
lnmbently and with too little h<»at. Saints
bury burns with a smoky flame; he is a
convinced aristocrat, dogmatist, metaphy
sician; he has faith in an ordered pi
phy of style. When he exhibits I
ft Is usually in a perverse way. Hi? style,
In spite of his declamations on melody, is
at times to be paralleled for whimsical
amorphousnesß only by authors th re*cen
turies old. Yet In spite of this difference
of tamper between Professor Saintsbury
and the subject of his book we find that
he cannot only exactly, but warmly and
nobly, admire that which he ran assimi
late of Arnold's work. However perverse
in individual judgment Professor S
bury's criticism may be he cannot be
charged with the deadliest of critical sins,
the failure to warm to great work. The
book however, is not a safe introduction
to Matthew Arnold Tt is tedious, minute
and one-sided. If you know Arnold's
works by heart, you will br Interested in
whnt Professor Saintsbury says about
him- but if you do not know Arnold by
heart, do not depend upon Professor
Saintsbury.
Books Received
"In the Poe Circle," by Joel Renton.
Mansfield & Wessels, New York. Price.,
$1 50
"A Loral Habitation." by Walter l.pnn
Sawyer. Small. Maynard & Co., Boston.
Price, $1 25.
"A Married Man." by Frances Aymar
Mathews. Rand. McNally & Co., Chi
cago. Price, $1 25.
"For the Sake of the Duch<-t?s«." by S.
Walkey. Frederick A. Stokes Co., New
York.
"Well, After All ." by F. Frank
fort Moore Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York. Price. $1 58.
"Bugles and Bells,'" by E. E. Kwing,
140 Ellis street, San Francisco.
"Prince Timoteo," by David Skaats
Foster. F. Tennyson Neely, New York.
"Two Chums." by Minerva Thorpe.
Laird & Lee, Chicago.
"A Drama in Sunshine," by Horace
Annesley Vachell. The Macmlllan Co..
New York. Price, Jl 50.
"Harold's Quests — a Nature-Study
Reader," by John \Y. Troeger. D. Apple
ton & Co., New York. Price 60 cents
"A Bitter Heritage," by J. Bluundelle-
Burton. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price, $1.
"Mammon & C 0.," by B. F. Benßon.
D. Appleton & Co., New York. Prioa,
$1 s*l.
"The Hygiene of Transmissible Dis
eases," by A. C. Abbott, M. D, W. B.
Saunders, Philadelphia. Price, J2.
"The Voyage of the Pulo Way," by
Carlton Dawe. R. F. Fenno Sc. Co., New
York. Price, $1 26.
"Through the Turf Smoke," by Seumu
MacManus. Doubleday ft McClpre Co.,
New York.
"Westminster Abbey," by Dean Far
rar. Mansfield & Wessels, New York.
"The Etchlngham Letters," by Sir
F. Pollock & Ella Fuller Maltland. Dodd,
Mead & Co., New York.
"On Trial," by "Zack." C. Bcribner's
Sons. New York. Price, Jl 80.
"Tales of the Telegraph,' by J. E.
Brady. Doubleday & McClure Com
pany, New York, Price. $1 80.
"The Ralstons." by F. Marlon Craw
ford. The Macmillan Company, New
York. Price, Jl.
"Cattle Ranch to College," by Russell
Doubleday. Doubleday & McClure Com
pany. New York. Price, $1.
"Studies in Literature: Burns, Scott,
Byron," edited by Seymour Eaton.
Doubleday & McClure Company, New
York. Price. $1.
"Mickey Finn Idylls," by Ernest Jar
rold. Doubleday & McClure Company,
New York. Price, Jl 25.
"Stalky & C 0.," by Rudyard Kipling.
Doubleday & McClure Company, New
York. Price, Jl 60.
"Arms and the Woman ' by Harold
McQrath. Doubleday & McClure Com
pany, New York. Price. Jl 25.
"Michael Rolf, Englishman," by Mary
L Pendered. Doubleday & McClure
Company, New York. Price. $1 25.
"A M'xlern Mercenary, by E. and Hes
keth Pilchard. Doubleday & McClure
Company, New York. Price $1 25.
"Quaint Corners of Ancient Empires.,'
by M. M. Shoemaker. Q. P. Putnam's
Son?. New York.
"Klpllnglana," published by Mansfield
& Wessels. New York. Price, Jl 25.
"Stories of the Railroad." by J. A.
Hill Doubleday & McClure Company,
New York. Price Jl 50.
a region to some nf us ever telling of the
and his relentless hatred toward the
Outlander. It was the last fort of the
Transvaal, and just "in memoriam" the
Ro< rs lired upon us, throe shots, two of
which struck the wagon in which I was
lying, and later I dug one nut of the lat
tice support, not six inches from my
The scrappy affairs of Lainga Neck and
Majuba have been given an Import
which is simply ludicrous. They were
well up tights, such as Tommy Atkins
likes, and were lost because the general
ship had been too much of a pei
scramble for "advance honors.' Aji
hour more of firing before the advance
would have won Laingt. Neck; a day's
delay for reinforcements would have kept
the 450 men of Majuba Hill from r< '
before 2000 Boers. Ingogo was a draw;
eight hours' right of 200 to 3000. The dr
feat of the few companies engage*
as much to do with the prophesied d
fall of the British empire as the I
disaster has to a possible future disinte
gration of the United States.
Serious war in the Transvaal, I
will never be. hut persistent intrigue mint
have a limitation, and patience must not
again lapse into Indifference. No great
er enemy to both Boer and ■ i
exists than the "friend" who bids the
former rejoice in his glorious triumph
over the "Saxon monarch." The result
is that President and burgher determined
thai the treatment of the Kaffir of long
ago must be accorded to the Outlander of
to-day. Such conclusions insult, both na
tions "and men. and the servility of na
tions can never conquer the Independence
of manhood. Intelligent appreciation of
the rights of the Outlander makes it
clear that reasonable redress alone can
give a peaceful solution to the South
African problem. It is better to deal
with diplomats than strive with soldiers.
FREDERICK W. D;,EVEL.YN»THE HATFIELD-M'COY FEUD REACHES CALIFORNIA
SL'CK ETS i t '
mence to describe the s
a of the Hattif-ld ai
families in Kentucky. They
it by the bai rell
. left. A:i item X-
West Virginia Hatflelds and McCoys
:ought and bled. They do not know
• ; afraid. But their neigh
when a Hatfleld Bfa I
ta the jury is v i
,ing anything
whl • ■ ■ the family feelii
For •■• are very clannish, so
use of one Is the fight
11. So the juries disagree
thing rather than to
ms« Ivea a part of the family
■ ; M. Coys.
Thi imilies are now Hke
the • g '■'• • T along
prosperity.
■ le Samuel is looking
down the line for the real thing in fight-
Ing men. The Hatflelds and McCoys ara
I r. •- for tr ible; they have a liking
f • iking. They have
also a particular fondness for killing nig
gprs. So it was h trouble for the spruce
reci er to secure the services of
a Hi country when there
■were about eight million niggers, more or
leas, ■ the Philippine*.
That was just about the size of his ap
petite
Bul t killed them yet, and the
bait was Btlll dangling when a partisan
of the McCoy family Jumped at the allur
lnp tidl.it.
■ Eight millions of niggers to be killed."
just think of It! And then not even
own cartridges.
1 Bang! What a time!
Blood till the rivers run red and no dis
agreeably inquisitive court proceedings
afterward to bother about it.
So it nmc that at Fort Thomas, Ky.,
wpf 1 enlisted \\. the Thirty-first Infantry.
United States Vi lunteers, two men whose
education had been to kill each other.
It was not long before they nv-r. They
were thoroughbreds and like them did not
: any time In preliminaries, but start
, ] without delay to get a line on each
r. The two men were seized and dis
armed, one to nurse bis slow wrath, the
other to meditate sudden vengeance. Their
officers gave them such a lecture on military
duties as only West Pointers know how to
give, and as the men of their company
had particular reasons for not wishing to
Btop any 0 tes magazine rifle bul
lets with their three-mile range, it was
solemnly promised that there should be
nothing but good behavior, with all bul
lets reserved for Filipinos.
Jt has been said that that the feud com
menced when the first Hatflelda and Mc-
( 'oys were born, but the first time it ap
pears in authentic history was when citi-
Eens of Pike County, in the eastern part
of Kentucky, asked the Governor of the
State to provide them with arms and am
munition with which they might defend
themselves from an expected attack upon
the various members and friends of the
McCoy family, which was to be made by
an armed force consisting of nearly 100
of the Hatfleld family and adherents, who
were coming from West Virginia under
the leadership of "Devil" Anse Hatileld
and Cap Hatfield.
This contemplated expedition of the
Hatflelds lacked only Government sanc
tion to give it the title of war, for there
were as many men and as much method
in their preparations as In many of the
Government's military exploits during the
early history of our country.
It was the culmination of an election
fight that took place in-Pike County in
18S2, when a McCoy shot a Hatfleld, but
even back of this there seemed to be
faint shadows of beautiful faces and bold
hearts that loved not wisely, for like all
of the sons of Mars they were no lag
gards in love.
Law was laxly administered in that wild
mountain region, where the moonshiner
defies even the Government's most wily
secret service men and the power of the
military combined, so the Hatflelds, in
order to prevent any miscarriage of Jus
tice and also to give a salutary warning
to any other men who might be Inclined
to send bullets trespassing within their
anatomies, captured four members of
the McCoy family who had been con
o^rri'd in the disturbance and forcibly
carried them as prisoners to West Vir
ginia. With the prisoners once in their
power, however, it seemed to them that
to execute them in West Virginia was a
sort of "killing sheep too near home."
Besides the laws of West Virginia were
more actively enforced. So by secret
mountain trails and through wild forest
paths the unhappy prisoners were re
turned to their native State and shot by
their captors.
The Governor of Kentucky thereupon
made a requisition on the Governor of
West Virginia for some Hatfleldp. The
"West Virginia Governor was evidently
well acquainted with his citizens, and not
desiring to suddenly leave his office va
cant, firmly but politely refused the
request. This unusual proceeding caused
a storm of popular feeling. Large re
wards were offered for the Hatfields, and
the Sheriff of Pike County finally ex
tended his strong arm and his Jurisdic
tion Into the State of West Virginia until
It embraced three Hatflelds.
The Hatflelds now considered that not
only their own honor and feelings were
outraged, but also that their State had
been Insulted.
Another Hatfleld foray was organized
to raid the McCoy home In Pike County.
Again the Hatflelds crossed the border
and succeeded in attacking and burning
the McCoy house and killing while con
fined in the burning houße McCoy's wife,
daughter and son.
The elder McCoy escaped, persuaded
thirty of his relatives and friends to join
him, Invaded Logan County, West Vir
ginia, killed two Hatflelds and captured
six, whom they took back with them
and turned over to the authorities of
Pike County.
It was now the turn of the West Vir
ginia Governor to plead for the return
of his citizens, but the Governor of
Kentucky not only refused but under
the authority vested In him by law for
the suppression of crime offered a reward
of $5000 apiece for each and every one of
the West Virginia Hatflelds who had
been engaged in trespasses on Kentucky
soil.
The size of this reward made the Hat
fields much-sought-after people, and, de
siring to be somewhat more retiring and
exclusive than formerly, like all who at
tain prominence, they withdrew them
THE SUNDAY CALL.
selves from active circulation In society.
In order to secure their privacy they
commenced the construction of an Im
pregnable stone fortress on the top of a
thin cliff or wall of rock known as
"Devils Backbone," that Jutted out Into
the valley of the Tug River above Hun
tlngton, W. Va. Here for seven years
they defied law or McCoys to take them.
Tho fortress was entirely of stone, even
the roof being of that material.
It may seem strange that men could
exist practically In a state of Blege dur
ing that time, but It must be remembered
that the friends and neighbors do not
forget them, for there Is always some
thing attractive In assisting fugitives, and
again there are many ways of profitable
action open to those who have succeeded
in placing themselves seourely beyond the
reach of the law.
But confinement and lack of exercise
finally told upon the Hatflelds and they
longed for something more than a mere
defensive existence.
In November, 1896, "Old Cap" Hatfield
went down to Matewan to vote. Not that
he cared particularly, but there is no
nicer place to look for trouble than
around the polls. It is a tradition of the
race that leaders should be chosen by
force and the old spirit still feebly shows
when election day comes around.
It was not long before he was In a Oia
pute with Hutchinson, one of the men
whose family he had broken up in former
years, and who was a member of the Mo-
Coy side of the feud.
Hatfield had .0 flee for hla life, pursued
by a nephew of Hutchinson, who fired at
him repeatedly until "Cap" Hatfleld
turned and with his practiced aim
dropped the young man in his tracks.
The whole of Mlngo County was now
stirred as no war had ever excited it be
fore. Hatfield and twenty of his feudlsts
retired to their fort on Tug River and
one hundred more of his adherents pre
pared to go to the assistance of the
stronghold on the Devils Backbone to
prevent the arrest of Hatfleld.
Something had to be done by the legal
authorities if the power of the legal gov
ment was to be maintained. Th«" fort
could not be taken, for it was only to be
reached by dizzy climbing single file. Ar
tillery could not be brought in to those
wild cliffs, so the Sheriff finally deter
mined on blowing up the whole promon
tory with nitro-glycerin. Tons of the ex
plosive were piled at Its base in a spot
sheltered by overhanging rocks from the
fire of the fort. The Blow match that was
to fire the mine was necessarily very long
In order to enable the Sheriff and his at
tacking forces to retire to a safe distance.
After lighting it, in their haste to get
away before the mountain fell, they ex
posed themselves to view of the Hat
fields and three of the posse were shot.
The besieged force now looked for the
cause of the ; close approach of ■ the in
truders. They saw the smoke from the
burning fuses, recognized the peculiar
tarry sulphurous smell and knew at once
that some sort of an explosion was in
store for them, and that instant escape
only might save their lives. The re
mainder of the Sheriff's posse, having by
this time placed themselves in ambush,
began with their rifles to pick off the
Hatflelds : as ■ they clambered in wild
frenzy down the cliff trail. Sure death
awaited every on©, so they determined
to await the uncertain, rather than take
the certain death, and returned to the
top of the promontory to hurl vast
stones below in vain attempts to strike
and extinguish the torturingly slow fuses
that sputtered out their dense folds of
smoke.
Then came a burst of thunder sound,
the air was filled with rocks, trees and
blinding dust that filled the valley like a
fog. Before it had cleared away and
while the Sheriff was still looking for his
game, a rifle shot was heard up the val
ley and another, of the posse fell. That
was Hatfleld's farewell to the Sheriff.
The Invested forces had been missed by
the force of the explosion and the dust
of the explosion that was to have been
his death concealed his escape until safe
on the mountain above.
Hatfields and McCoys and their active
partisans were now scattered far and
wide, always shooting on sight, usually
killing and seldom suffering any penalty.
About six months after the destruction
of the fortress, Johnson Hatfield planned
a grand coup, by which the McCoys were
nearly exterminated. New Year's eve he
fired a McCoy house. Hatfields had been
posted all about the place. The McCoys,
not suspecting the cause of the fire, were
endeavoring to pack up and save some of
their possessions.
Beautiful Alifair McCoy ran out of the
house followed by her brother. Shots
were fired. He fell, and as she stooped
to lift him Johnson Hatfleld shot her
frail body through and through. The
rage of McCoy made him like a demon,
and in his fury the Hatfields, superior in
numbers, were routed with • loss. The
trial of Johnson Hatfield did not occur
until the beginning of this year, and the
population of Prestonburg trembled at
the assemblage of Hatfields, who were
called out by their leaders but kept •in
submission by officers of the law.
For the present the feud is quiescent in
the East. The stone fort is destroyed
and the bodies of its defenders carry
many bullets that pain and call forth
curses as the moonshiner toils up stony
mountain trails. The McCoys s«ek in
far away lands to live in peace and es
cape the bloody death that waits them,
■ but now under California's bright sun
and over her summer parched hills the
feudal bullets whistle and sing, 1 for when
the Thirty-first Infantry was discovered
to be smallpox infected and Bent into
quarantine on Angel Island,- the space
became too small to hold the two bellig
erent soldiers, whose traditions did not
allow them within forty miles of each
other. The detention camp at Angel Isl
and has been placed as remote as pos
sible from civilization and far away from
sight of human habitation. Surrounded
by the great bay to the north and moun
tainous ridges, guarded along their crests
by armed men on the southeast and west,
iha cenaaecaeajt became insupportable to.
the two feudatories used to the freedom
of their mountain life, and they met In
a furious quarrel before they had been
long confined and were wit"h difficulty
separated. A solemn warning was given
them— for the commanders of the regi
ment are mainly West Pointers and the
discipline there is on the whole noticeably
good.
The trouble still smoldered bet-ween
the two men, and one day one of them
fancied that his life was in danger It
he/ did not protect it. With him fore
warned was forearmed indeed. To his
tent he rushed, and with malice afore
thought secured his gun and came out
to fire upon his fellow soldier.
At the first shot lhe victim was struck
in the arm. The second struck him in the
leg and crippled him hopelessly. No
chance for him to win glory now in the
wars. When his regiment sails he must
sadly stay hehind, and with the Thirtv
first that is the saddest thing in life
Once, when they were Kentucky volun
teers at Tampa, orders came for them to
sail. Great was their glee when the
transport steamed away for Cuba But
scarcely had she cleared the land when
after her came a flying arrow of a torpedo
boat to say that it was a mistake, and
that they should return. The rage of tne
regiment could scarcely yield ltseft io
discipline. To fight was their only ambi
tion, and to be pulled back was worse to
them than facing death.
Again, in San Francisco they were or
dered on board the Grant; their bag-gaga
was on board when the smallpox was dis
covered among the men, and away they
went to Camp Detention, at Angel island.
But while they sail away happy and free
to fight, the wounded man and his assail
ant will suffer more in being left behind
than from the wound or the punishment
inflicted for the crime.
But there will be an atonement. When
the snow comes again at the -old Ken
tucky home kind friends will redden It
with the blood of his enemy's family, to
make sorrowing women weep over a ilow
erless mound beneath the silent hemlocks.
So the patient nurses his wounds and bis
wrath.
"Serious but not necessarily fatal" lh«
surgeon said. Not fatal to the wounded
man. But have a care, you innocent chil
dren, clambering on the barnyard gute
back there in old Kentucky. Somewhere,
somewhere there is a bullet, long and slim
like the stub of a lead pencil, and some
day from an ambush will come a nfle
crack and your golden curls will tumble
in the dust, and ere your mother can
wipe the blood from your foaming mouth
and close the whitening eyes her blood
will be mixing with yours in the little
pools In the hollows of the dust, and a
tall, quite serious-faced man will throw
another shell in his rifle, pass his hand
over the handle of fcia pistol and wajls
2324
THE E/^QLISH RECRUITING
SERGEANTS OUT IN FORCE
f \ \ HKT aro putting: out "the Queen's*
I shilling" in Great Britain just now
Tare p-n-tir^ out "the and the
■
■ . aml the
J chances are that its circulation will
"*■ be still further and wonderfully In
creased within the next few months.
For the British army is greatly in need
of recruits to he sent to South Africa
nnd, according to the British system of
enlistment; a "Queen's shilling" is paid
over to every man who enters the ser
vice. The "Queen's shilling," by the way.
Is not a coin of special sign. It is ex
actly like every other coin of the same
denomination and it is termed "the
Queen's" from the fact that its accept
ance from a recruiting sergeant makes
The HOTS UtFa OF OUr
CaHFoi-HJa Girl,
IN a pretty red house on Tenth avenue
lives the most popular woman in all
Oakland. Vines that twisted and
twined over pillar and porch have
given patriotic way to an American
flag thai drap< a the entrance to the house.
The moon-faced Celestial who opens
the door is obliged to turn away scores
who clang the bell for admittance. But
by special appointment I am stolidly
flhown into the parlor, and the mandarin
of the cookstove goes to call "Miss Eda."
For Mrs. Fred Funston, wife of Fight
ins: Fred, is still "Miss Eda" to Chinese
Charley.
The Blankart parlor Is decked in merry
Philippine disguise. Rugs, candelabra,
quaint Spanish pictures, brazen bells,
Manila odds and ends are scarce on
speaking terms with the German trinkets
brought by Heir Blankart from the
Fatherland.
When Mrs. Fred Funston moved down
the alphabet from P. to F she was a win-
Borne, unaffected girl. She has come back
to her father's comfortable roof wife of.
a general and hero. But not a drop of
army ego ellr.gs to word or gesture, not
an atom of affectation spoils her sweet
simplicity. She is even more lovable as
Mrs. Fred Funston than as Miss Eda
Blankart, for she has gone through the
fire of adulation and heroine-worship
without being singed.
A ripple of laughter, a little gentle
urging, that floated through the parted
portieres, a kindly shove, and Mrs. Fred
Funston, gorgeous in a native Manila
costume, was shaking hands with me.
"The girls insisted that 1 put this on
for you: it's the first time I've worn it."
The "girls"— her sisters Miss Magda
lene Blankart and Mrs. "Will Cullen,
laughingly followed Mrs. Fred Into the
room, the silver-haired "mutter" and stal-
"It's a very pretty sight to water; the women going to
church, all holding their trains ig exactly the same way."
the receiver a "Queen's man," body and
soul.
The British recruiting sergeant, the
rr.an who gives the shilling, Is a splendid
creature. He Is tall, erect. broßd of
shoulders, deep of chest, supple of limb,
with the bearing of a conqueror, tempered
by melting geniality and with an Ideally
persuasive tongue. Always In uniform
and white gloves, with tittle cap a-tllt on
his head, with baton twirling airily In
his hand and continually In evidence, ho
play? a roost important part In the army
system of his country. He generally
hunts in plea and his chosen walks
are either In the vicinity of some great
barracks or In the poorer quarters of
the town where he Is located.
It 1? to the credit of the English that
crimping and the press gang are no
wart father completing the procession.
For this darling of their hearts has been
so long in distant lands that the affec
tionate family are willing to share her
with a stranger, b>it not to lend her solus.
We stood in ring-around-the-rosy, punc
ng Mrs. Funston's explanations with
ring "ohs" and "ahs." Five human
interrogation poinis, all questioning at
once, Mrs. Fred vainly trying to answer.
it was a prettier picture than any that
ever hung in salon or studio. Mrs. Fun
ston, a study in Philippine vivid:-, with
her two pretty sisters and handsome
father and mother in modern contrast to
her picturesque costume.
Mrs. Fred Introduced v? to the various
parts of her gown— their native names
falling from her lips softer than honey
from the comb.
"They call the waist camlfa," said Mrs
Funston. "The material is pina cloth
Isn't It pretty?"
Fine as cobweb, embroidered in silk,
made into loose blouse and full sloev-s'
with sailor collar effect at the throat,
showing through Its filmy weave soft',
rounded arms and slender throat, it was
• v prettier than anything fashioned by
modern modiste.
The skirt of bright husi doth. Mrs.
Funston explained, was called the saya.
Husi cloth is evidently a Spanish cousin
of mousseline de soie. but made up over a
Still lining of pineapp!<- cloth it gave the
effect of heavy material.
The skirt was cut very long^ ending In
an oddly fashioned train. "This is the
way the Philippine women hold their
trains." said Mrs. Funston. deftly cat. h
ing hers and twining it about her. "On
ly it's a very pretty sight to watch
the women going to church, all holding
their long trains in exactly the same man
ner."
The black chiffon apron, called tapis.
forms a sort of polonaise, the texture of
the material of a gossamer fineness that
makes chiffon coarse in comparison.
"The Philippine gowns are very pretty,
even if they are a dreadful people," said
Miss Magdalene.
"Now this Is tha way they hold their]
trail)*/' ; ' j
"5^ Queers Styillii^"
"Vftic, they're not all dreadful; snm» nf
them arc very good," replied* Mrs. Funs
ton.
"There arc only two nations in the
world, the good and the bad. and they
live everywhere," said the father and
philosopher.
Then we spoke of General Fred arid his
deeds of valor, father, mother ami sisters.
paying- sincere tributes to his heroism
while Mrs. Funston listened smilingly and
silently. When she spoke of "Fred" it
was to toll of some little act of personal
kindness that will not be writ on history's
page.
For while Mr?. Funston is proud of
General Kiinston's triumphs, it is the
man. hot his fame, that she loves. It is
not that She cai^s less for General Fight-
Ing Fred, but that she cues more for
husband Fred Funfiton.
"Fred and I are very different in some
things." she says. "He is very impulsive
and aots on the thought of the moment,
while 1 was brought up on the motto, "Lit
tle girls should think twice before they
speak nnce.' And even when 1 was a oig
girl I clung to the habit, didn't I, mamma
dear?
"Fred just goes ahead without weighing
the pros and mis. But whatever hi does
turns out to be the right thins and done
at exactly the right moment. When he
makes up his mind to got a tiling, he al
ways gets it without wasting time."
"You, for instance," I daringly ven
tured.
Mrs. Funston blushed and laughed mer
rily. "Really." she said, "he thinks he
laid a long siege for my affections. How
lone? Well, I knew him just five weeks,
and was engaged to him two days before
THE SUNDAY CALL..
we were married. My friends who knew
of It tried to dissuade Tie; said I didn't
know him well enough. Five weeks m.->y
pot be so long in the calendar of months,
l>ut it may be sufficient in love's calen
dar."
Which was so prettily and naively said
with such soft bridelike lingering over
the words, that we all straightway agreed.
"First. I sa.id no myself," continued
.Mrs. Funston. "That is, not exactly no
but I wanted to wait until he came back
from the war. Papa was In Now York
and there wasn't tim. to grain his con
sent, so I wavered. Just f<>;:r days be
fore his transport sailed I consented. AYe
telegraph.*** to papa and prepared for a
very hasiry hut very happy wedding— just
two days to do everything in.
"What a busy two days, " interrupted
Mrs. Blankart "The poor darling did not
have any trousseau at all. In Germany
every Gretchen goes to her Hans with
household linen sufficient for several life
times and wearing apparel enough for
generations to come.
"Never mind, mother mine." said little
Miss Magdalene. "Mammn can't got over
not having given Fred a dry goods store
as well as Ed a. Now. I think he got
enough Jusl getting her. Po does Fred."
■Two days after the wedding," con
tinue.] Mrs. Funston, "Fred hud to sail
for Manila. You have no idea of the nura
ber of letters I received from all over the
country congratulating me on having
won such a husband. Wherever Fred
goes he makes warm friends, and he goes
everywhere."
Mrs. Funston never speaks of her hus
band as the "General." The high-sound-
"They call the waist the 'camisa.' The I
material Is plna cloth, lsg't It pretty?'?] '. \
Ing title does not stud every sentence— it
Is always "Fred" or "my husband."
"After Fred left I devoted all my time
trying to get a passport to Ball >>n tho
next transport. AW had to telegraph to
Washington, the officials there referring
me to General Merriam.
"Two weeks after Fred left I said
g<;od-by to my family and followed him
to Manila. He had not expected me so
Boon, and you can imagine how surprised
and delighted ho was.
"We got a fairly comfortable Spanish
house in Manila, but were scarcely set
tled when Fred had to leave me. Then
began the Baddest and dreariest days of
my life. I worried so about him that I
could neither eat nor sleep. The climate
there is so enervating that I lost all ener
gy of thought as well as action.
"It really used to worry me. I seemed
to be losing my memory. I couldn't re
call a thing from one moment to the next.
T had always been very fond of letter
writing, but I found it impossible to write
letters of any length, even to my dear
ones.
"Several of the other ladies assured me
that they had had similar experiences.
This partial loss of memory seems to be
common on fust arrival. But as you get
acclimated, tho mental If not the physical
lassitude decreases.
"There Is just one date during my, year
in Manila that is burned in my memory.
It is February 4. The clock was striking
10 when I saw Fred start and glance hur
riedly at me. I, too. had heard the boom
of the guns. Another followed.
" 'They have commenced, dear; that is
firing at the outposts,' was all Fred said,
"The blacK chiffon apron, called I
'tapis,' forms a sort of polonaise."
HOW GREAT BRITAIN ADDS
TO HER RflflK AND FILE
longer necessary in order to keep the
army rank? fairly well filled. But it is
true that the recruit' ■ mts for the
militia and the ordinary Cool regiments
are shmeilmes obliged in resort to i
devious expedients. It is also tru< that a
very large percentage of the cecrul
picked up in city slum?, where
two of ale and a good jollying from .1
splendid fellow, like a r< ng ser
geant, are far more Hkelj .thing
else to produce the desired results.
Recruiting sergeants are Mid 60 cents
for every ordinary recruit. For a recruit
suitable to enter the Scots Guards, the
cavalry, the eng-ineers or the artillery,
whose qualifications must be of a higher
order than those of .1 recruit for mo !
regiments of foot soldiers, the pa v is ?j 25,
Much more is often allowed for a man fit
of "FTghtins Fred.**
and hurriedly dressed. 1 kept savins: to
myself: 'I am a soldier's wife. 1 run a
soldier's wife, 1 to keep from crying. En
five minutes he was ail ready, and we
parted, not knowing whether for hours
or forever."
"There was a tap at my door and the
major entered, telling me to pet ready at
once to go to the barracks, for it was
safer there. I calmly packed my
toothbrush, towels and other necessi
ties. The other ladies, excited to hys
teria, marveled that I should think of
such things at such a time. Jitit I had
learned the lesson from my husband.
"I shall never forget that walk to the
barracks. Every step seemed to add a
century to my life. The guns on the
Monadnock boomed in our ears and the
signals from the fleet lighted the way.
My husband's cousin and a soldier who
escorted us did their best to lessen our
fears.
"At the barracks all was quiet save the
clicking of the telegraph machines. Every
few moments the sound of firing would
drown the click. Mrs. Whitman and 1
sat day and night at the operator's elbow,
dreading yet insisting on learning every
bit of news.
"Several times in the days that followed
Fred came to see me. and once ! rode out
to him on the lines, but there was no
firing then. Only a soldier's wife knows
of the days of anguish and sleepless
nights. It Is worse for the women than
for the men; they have the excitement to
buoy them up.
"At the end of the week with an order
ly and guard, I walked from the barracks
to the nouse to get some things that I
needed very badly. The Chine-,, cook,
who was very attached to us, greeted me
with an unusual amount of warmth, but
kept saying "Vely glad you ru. Mrs.
Funston: rtay here you get killed sure."
"Once inside I learned why. Insurgent
bullets had riddled the very walls of out
home. Fred's insisting that we go to the
barracks that first night had saved our
lives. The Chinaman, asleep in an out
"The s^irt is made of bright 'husi' cloth and called thft
'saya.' "
to ho a Life Guardsman. The equivalent
of $15 Is not unprecedented, and there are
rults for which
bring fancy pay to the sergeant securing
The uniforms furnished to the British
soldier are well made and comfortable *3
a rule Som< ■ i th< m are gorgeous and
In the outfit of
f the same branch af
the service. The normal pay is a shilling
. or 2i a nts, while the normal daily
sometimes to suit condi
tions, Is a pi und of bread and three-quar
t< rs of a i meat. Of course, the
! • Ish soldier has more
variety than this would indicate, hut he
for the additions out of his
scanty stipend. His clothes cost him no
thing, but he has to pay for his washing.
house, had not been harmed.
"In excited 'pigeon English' he did not
wait for us to recover from this shock,
but informed us that the house next door
to us had been and was still used as the
recruiting station for the insurgents
first really don't remember who told mo
fust of Fred's heroin crossing of the
river I had not seen him for weeks. All
Manila seemed to talk of it at once If
made me feel so proud and happy it
seems to me it was true bravery, or ha
'^1 £Ur- . : ..^. 1 0 thG public approval
to admire, as every one must who cornea
within the radius of his personal?^
I'm not going to tell you what he said"
, it , m . s n very personal letter and one
that I shall always prize. Only it was
full of warmest praise or Fred and full
est appreciation of his deed. It was
such a thoughtful thing for the admiral
to do I cheered many a lonesome hour
reading and rereading that note "
Now of course Mrs. Funston did .
tell me all this in uninterrupted sentenc «f
But there is not space to put down 1 :; ?
family's parentheses that broke the . C- ; J
cltal. And it would be impossible to Wk,
aggerate the modest simplicity v., JV*
which Mrs. Fred Funston told it
Asked as to her future plans. Mrs F sa
declared that beyond the certainty
leaving soon for the East they kr
nothing definitely. "We may go to X:
sas first or we may go first to Washi' ''
ton. Its all so uncertain.
"There's one thing I'm so sorry about '
said Mrs. Funston. "I wish our glorious
poppies were in bloom so I could take a
carload of them to the people of tne
sunflower State, The people of Kansas
are so proud of Fred. I hope they'll liko
me."
As if the people of Kansas or any
other State could help loving her. They'll
pile the biggest and brightest sunflowers
grown at the feet of this California girl
who has married the hero of Kansas.' /^>f ERIOUSLT. now, what ought to do
[^^ thought of a man who has already
y) launched upon a hapless and help-
L^V ti sa world nearly 1250 brides and
X^ bridegrooms, and Intends to con
tinue this launching business right
along for as many years as his fellow
citizens give him opportunity?
What opinion should be held of a person
who has not the slightest compunctions
about Joining together, until death or
divorce, any nervous, self-conscious, half
repentant, and— for the time being—
wholly miserable couple that is possessed
of the proper license and the necessary
courage to appear before him In his offi
cial capacity?
Judge John Brown of Santa Rosa— better
known among his Southern-born friends
as "the Major"— doesn't look at all like a
man with a hardened conscience, but that
he must be Is clearly proven by official/
records.
Even those who know and like him best
California Girl at a.
Royal Russian Baptism
ST. PETERSBURG— I have had a peep
Into the real home life of royalty and am
Elmply quivering with impatience to tell
you all about it. The little unwelcome
Russian baby, who began life with the
fatal mistake of being a girl instead of a
toy, was christened last week and I had
the good fortune to be present at the
ceremony. The event was attended with
as much pomp and rejoicing as the na
tional disappointment would admit, for
you know the birth of this third daughter
to the imperial couple is looked upon by
the Russian masses, who are superstitious
and simple-minded to a degree, as a di
rect visitation from heaven.
There was much unofficially expressed
sympathy sent out to the two weeks' old
bit of humanity, whose birth put the royal
household in an eclipse. The guests did
not have to be told that lamentations
were still echoing through the land, for
even with the tenderness, the personal re
gard for the little lassie and the most
ceremonious toasts for her health and
happiness and that of the empire every
one was conscious of an invisible pall, bo
CALIFORNIA
JUSTICE
WHO HAS
MARRIED
1230
PEOPLE
am to acknowledge that the ac
cusation recently mad% against him is sus
!e of proof; and that accusation is
that he has cold-bloodedly and deliberate
ly married only a few less than 625
since the law first gave him the
right to go into the marrying business on
a. wholesale basis.
■ is no ether person, it Is said, of
likt official capacity on the coast who has
done so much to add to the happiness or
the wretchedness of his fellow-beings as
has this same Judge Brown. Others
there be in California, and many of them,
who by the votes of their townsmen are
enabled to repeat the words constituting
a marriage ceremony in a way that makes
them binding upon the consenting par
ties, but none there are, say vainglorious
Santa Rosana, who have repeated those
words so many times and made such a
good job of the affair in so large a ma
jority of the cases as he.
Major Brown has been a Justice of the
cause the celebration was for "only *
girl."
Because this latest addition to the Rus
sian household was not a boy the ser
vices were at the cathedral at Peterhof.
They were grand and Impressive and two
hours long, and after the custom of all
the religious ceremonies of the Greek
church we stood every minute of the time.
I thought I was In the fairy land of my
story books when the golden carriage,
drawn by six white horses with gold ca
parisoned harness and all sorts of festive
trappings jingled along to the gorgeous
church. Before it reached the door the
bit of a pink baby, lost in laces and fine
raiment, was hailed and saluted and an
nounced as "her imperial Highness the
Grand Duchess' Marie."
And then the little royal lady, restinjr
on golden pillows In silvery robes and sur
rounded by pink satin and uncomfortable
yards of exquisite lace, was taken into
the church. There were maids in waitng
and guards of honor, and the most obse
quious homage on all sides.
The baptism waa by Immersion. The
I i Peace ln Santa
Rosa for nearly
thirty-six years,
H and he bids fair
to occupy that
position for thlr-
I or -six years longer
■ •hould fat© grant
so long a lease
of life ana health. It
"was In 1864 that he
first assumed the dignity
«C duties of his present
• office, and neither the vexed
question* of reconstruction, the panics
incident co the resumption of specie
payment/ , the demonetization of silver, tn©
tariff muddles nor the 16 to 1 mysteries
have disturbed the calm current pf his
official life.
Politics cuts no figure whatever in this
veteran official's nomination, candidacy
and election, since those three things are
foregone conclusions whenever municipal
affairs come to the front In Santa Rosa.
It Is as a "marrying man," however,
that the Judge is best known, for the
fame of his achievements in this special
line has spread far and wide throughout^
the State and attracted to _
his office scores oX
couples who, evl-
dently bellev- _^^fl
ing that
"pr«o«
tlco
makes perfect," seem to feel that
his special brand of matrimony must
.possess particular and most desir
able virtues. To be exact. Judge Brown.
bas married up to date 621 more or less
happy pairs, and he has not only become
distinguished on account of the number of
times he has repeated the brief ceremony
that has united so many destinies, hut
also because of the fact that in the pur
suance of this avocation he has experi
enced far more of adventure and excite
ment than usually falls to the lot of a
peaceful official. A pleasing lark of com
monplace sameness and wearying monot
ony has characterized his exploits In the
matrimonial line. There is scarcely a
legal marriage combination which he has
rot hflperl to make and sealed with a
congratulatory kiss, unless circumstanrps
were such that mere verbal good wishes
seemed sufficient for the occasion and his
own highest happiness.
He has married people In season and out
of season, lie has married them in man
sions, In cottages, in his own office and
under the starry canopy of heaven. He
has married them on the high road and
on the high seas.
He has Joined happy hearts at high
noon beneath floral bridal bells and sur
rounded by crowds of admiring friends,
and he has beer, roused irorn his peaceful
slumbers and routed out of his warm
and" comfortable bed on the chilliest kind
billows of satin and lace were removed
and the baby was dipped three times in
a large golden basin. Even if the babe
was royal born, she was very human, and
acted like any other normal child,
screamed when she was taken from the
soft, warm things and put into the water.
Archbishop Janisheff, assisted by other
clergy, performed the rites. Forty spon
sors stood for the royal infant. The Em
press Dowager, mother of the Emperor,
was one of these, and the others were
members of the royal household, uncles
and aunts of "her imperial Highness,"
and members of other royal European
families.
After the baptism there was a. thanks
giving service, a grand Te Deum, which
was participated in by all the members of
the synod. The magnificent church, with
its splendid paintings and cloth, finely
decorated, was aglow with candles, and as
the long procession, headed by the Arch
bishop in his miter and flowing white
vestments, and the other clergy, followed
by all the members of the great nobility
of the empire, passed from the church of
the palace I thought that I bad never
THJE STJXDAT CALIi.
of rainy nights and . made to pronounce
damp and solitary couples "man and
wife" to the castanetllke accompaniment
of his own chattering teeth.
He has married brides dressed In un
pretentious calico and brides resplendent
in -~uite satin cut en train, mis tlike veils
and glittering Jewels. Prospective hus
bands have appeared before him arrayed
in hickory shirts and well-worn overalls
held up by single suspenders and others
have arrayed themselves in all the glory
of full-dress attire in preparation for tha
solemnly inquisitorial ordeal, the mere
thought of which as an impending . a
certainty has been known to <
cause the sturdiest kne« - to
shake and the stoutest hearts .-
to quail. - _•..
He has -stenod to the \ ■
marriage vows of pern /
sons of all ages, »rom/ •
bashful and blushing /^^M
youth to white-haired.
and decrepit ag». ■
And as for nation-
alilles thero is '^H
scarcely a country
under the sun that
has not sent a repre-
*mtative to de-
maud his good of-^B
Pees at the matrl-^B
moniai turntryi
oolntof bla
or her career. Ethiopians, Indians and
Mongolians have appeared here and there
In the continuous double procession which
has been filing slov/ly and steadily by him
ever since he first raad« a "hit" In th«
special role to which fat© early assigned
him.
Most of his clients he has married only
once; a few it has been his privilege
to marry twice, and one couple— evidently
true of h rt though uncertain as to dis
position and variable as to ideas— he has
r rried no loss than three times, two
divorces and as many subsequent recon
ciliations making the extra work and
extra pay for the genial Justice.
In the matter of foes the Judge has m«t
with almost as much variety as he has in
the applications for his services. The
question of recompen - having always
been deli .tely left by him to the un
biased derision of the newly manufao
tured husband, the offerings left upon th«
shrine of Cupid have been of divers kinds
and values. It is said that one happy but
embarrassed individual pressed upon his
acceptance a fivo-cent nickel, laboring
the while because of his c*. fusion under
the slightly erroneous impression that the
piece of money which he presented with
many effusive thanks represented Just
that same number of dollars.
Lonely two-bit pieces have occasionally
most inadequately rewarded his efforts to
increase the world's balance of happiness,
and on one never-to-be-forgotten occasion
seen anything more imposing.
Congratulations were offered to the Em
peror and the Empress mother and then
there was a luncheon in the grand palace
It was here that I saw Mrs. Charle
magne Tower, the wife of the Unitoi
States Embassador.* You will remember
her as pretty Nellie Smith of San Fran
cisco. The rank of Embassador placed
Mr. Tower and his wife at the table with
th» Emperor and Empress. Mrs. Tower
sat between two Grand Dukes and wor«
by far the handsomest gown I have aeen
since I have been In Europe. The petti
coat was of yellow satin, upon wiiich was
appllfcued the rarest lace, outlined In cut
steel Ind turquoises. Over this swept five
yards of court train of turquoise blue
satin. Upon this the lace and Jeweled
trimming: was carried as on the petti
coat, and it appeared again on the cor
sage, which was low, and the daintiest
confection of lace and Jewels. On her
neck sparkled a diamond necklace the
like of which the Empress Eugenic might
have coveted as an addition to her famed
casket. She looked— only a bit more ma
tronly—Just as ehe did before ohe left
California.
fly« twenty-dollar grold pieces testified to
a man's enthusiastic? appreciation of the
blessing conferred upon him. More than
once It has been the bride herself who
has attended to the monetary part of the
affair, and on several occasions both
bride and groom have Ignored the little
formality of payment entirely, evidently
believing that "there la no happiness like
making others happy," and that the Judge
•was more in ta«ir debt than otherwise.
Notwitfcstaxidlar tha wolcbt or
sponsibllity which rests upon his shoulder*
already. Judge Brown Is always ready to
say "next!"
Justice Brown
Tying the
Matrimonial!
Knot,
Christening of
" Her Imperial
Highness the
Grand Badness
Harie."
2526
%€Bo©!n t© JBe Xeameb Jirom tbe TTawtalpaia Jire
The Men
Who
Have Been
Through
Many
Forest Fires
Tell
How the
Grim Enemy
May Be
Conquered,
OCTOBER has been a month
of most serious forest fires
for California. With the ex
ceptionally hot weather experienced
all over the State — so warm that even
San Francisco was reduced to the
melting pomt — fires seemed to burst
forth in the wooded localities as if
from spontaneous combustion.
In lie far-distant mountains, with
only the straggling sheepht^kier's hut
or the lone rancher's farm in jeop
ardy, the king of destroyers seems
not so all-powerful, but when he
comes to the forests and glades
wherein nestle the habitations of
thousands and where not only thou
sands of dollars of valuable homes
eeem destined to go up in smoke, but
the probable loss of many lives is
imminent — then is his terrible power
realized.
Mcst forcibly was this broug-ht
to us by the narrow escaps of
Marin County barely a few days ago.
The experience of the Sutro forest
fire on the outskirts of San Francisco
itself could hardly be classed under
the head of the real forest fire, but
that across the bay was entirely dif
ferent. There was no opportunity for
hook and ladder or hos; and engine
or the use of trained men — forest fires
do not run upon that plan — and with
a good start upon the part of grim
old King Fire there was abundant
fuel in sight to have lasted for
months and run the loss into millions
of dollars and many lives.
It certainly seemed that divine
Providence took a hand in send
the rain which checked the flai
and it is also interesting to consider
the f.\ct that many prayers were b?
ir.g offered up at that very time for
just that very thing to occur.
Even the rain would have availed
. however, had it not been for
the determined efforts of the men
under the direction of a fov.- master
minds trained by the experiences of
former fires, for almost impossible as
it may seem this most awful of all
scourges can be controlled and duell
ed by a comparatively small number
of men if thsy work with understand
ing 1 and system.
The ir.en who acted as leaders and
sav^d th" day tell the story of how
it was done and explain the only
methods by which the grrim monster
"><■• conquered. Living in a Stat3
so thickly wooded as California, and
apt at any time during the warm
summer months to be visited by a
fire of a most devastating character.
it is well for all to read and learn the
tine and most efficient ways of
fighting forest fires.
IX a pen of fire on a lonely mountain
■ lives, and even
re the
mm v.hi i I the prog
the Mill V
In Marin
. can
■ ent fire
they have
work that saved
umulations
Will 1 ! . hi Marin Coun
• ■ irond, and
: them and of the
last I
"1 did not think that the fire woul
much of a start," he said, "as Mill Valley
has >. managed to quick
ly su] ■ ■ ■ mpt action
and unlin. • ■
ill by their complet<
tern which rut the forest in
giving a freedom of i
rt unity for proper dlsposi
■;r forces.
"It Beems though that the fire got ton
i te Ma/lera
1 >n of Rli' I t crossed not only
i, with the creek, and
Included land them. It
d to make a flying kap from one
• er without
toucfc :. the canyon. From
there the Mr'- bad n" opposition, nor could
any be given until it reached th* top of
the hill lying between Bllthedale and
Warner Canyon. Here the hardest fight
but owing to the fact that
•■ ill and that the
was high and di nse it was as much
as a man's life waa worth to go in there.
|i wly down thin hill.
■\Vhon it ■• ■ om of the
" • time when the people of
:id Larkspur should have
I . I made t h>ir < r.tln- I .
ing until the fin had
v timber from the War; er
to thi top of Little Tamalpala
red almost irresistible force to
<!' wn upon them.
"The forest Ores must be fought when?
and not be left to
burn until up against a man's fener-. it
is in I extinguish one of them
when undi . I j and coming up
. but when descending a hill the fir*
lever; I and advances mainly by
own hill of rottqn toga and
"*■ Be burning
isy to put out
• : »:em and throw
on them, but If they arc left. they
. which in turn Ignite
• , d so it |
• V the
v are a source of terror to any one
•« will usually ■
» piling
of trees and bits of brush. •
and rotten wood This they continu
ably whole generations of
s; to the pile, for I have
yet seen one that did not have fresh
- me of them are six or
. as wide at the base.
horoughiy dried twig 3 burn with a
- ■ •->. the tref-s around
them and the bi^r log on whi^h they are
built so tumbling down the hillside' and
scatter the hundreds of burning brands to
start the leaves in every direction.
"When I arrived at Corte Madera Tues
day afternoon every one there said that
thtre was no danger, and two people who
bad Just been over to Mill Valley said the
fire was out, or nearly s-o, and that it
could not again get beyond control. It
was not more than two hours after this
when the lire had not only got beyond
control, but had burned its way from
nearly sea level to the top of Little Ta
malpais, ]W0 feet in height. Up we had
to go on the run. parking our tools and
iking our way through thick brush un
til we came to an open grass slope. This
was burning furiously, but was quickly
extinguished with redwood limbs, with
which we beat it out. From the edge of
the rasa we followed the fire into the
brush, but the unburned part was so thick
as to be a solid barrier, so we were com
pelled to follow In on thf part where the
lire had already burned and walk over the
smoking embers. This was hot work, but
while we blistered our feet and burned our
hands and faces, there was not the danger
of. roasting alive that there would have
been had we become entangled in the un
burned brush.
"With our shovels we pulled down the
burning brush, beat It out and covered
loose earth over the burning leaves. Often
when we had extinguished a long lino of
fire, the flames in front would work down
hill more rapidly and get away from us,
then work slowly around below the un
burned brush and come rushing up the hill
at -us. Of course it would stop when it
reached the burned part, but it would also
commence to run slowly along the hill
horizontally. Then we would have to rush
down through the smoking stubs of
branches and follow back up the line
again.
"There was probably not more than one
fjuarter of a mile of front left to the lire
when it was determined to make a bold
effort by cutting tnrough the brush low
to stop the whole thing at once, so we be
gan to marshal the available men and set
them to work in some order. Paths were
cut in front of the fire line, over a hun
dred willing hands aiding at the work, and
soon a chain of such clearings was made,
and as the roaring of the flames ncared
us, back fires were started from the paths
and went rushing up the sides of the hill
and met the down coming conflagration.
As the fir"s approached each other the
flames shot and leaped and Jumped at
each other like fire giants In a tussel of
death. And death it was, for neither fire
could cross the other, each having burned
•iff all of the combustible material, leav
ing the ground clean. Then the villages
seemed safe.
"Excitable persons who had removed
their belongings commenced to gather
them In. But forest fires are often in
their most dangerous stage when they
look the most harmless. Those who had
fought tire all day had scarcely finished
their suppers when darkness came on and
with it a ruddy glare of light reflecting
from Tamalpais, thrown there from some
unseen core of fir., behind the Little Ta
malpais range. The light grew and finally
the flames again came over the ridge
striking terror to the hearts of those, who
had imagined themselves secure.
"It seemed worse this time than be
fvive, for the flames were In impregnable
brush and the fierce &ale which was
blowing with stunning force was veering
around so as to drive the lire on the
towns. Darkness and impassably . brush
forbade a repetition of the work of the
day, on drove the fire and there was
nothing to bo done to save the town
from destruction. Acre after acre of
timber was being turned to barren waste
every minute and no help for it, when a
phenomenon occurred such as I nave
never before witnessed, rain began to fall
as it appeared out of an almost clear sky,
but after our first surprise was over we
examined the sky more carefully and
discovered a long, thin gauze-li«ce cloud,
so thin that the stars could be seen
through it. yet the rain continued. Now
more and . darker clouds began to
raise and lend their aid to our first friend,
the filmy cloud that had thinned almost
to lmperceptibility. The rain as it in
creased in volume gained over . the fire,
and soon all that was left of two miles of
raging furnace was here and there a
deep red glow that looked like a blowhole
In the lava of a crater.
"Yes, I am glad it's out, but I have
Been two before. The great fire of 1880
which cleared every green leaf west of
the top of Tamalpais, and the Larkspur
fire of ten years since that burned half of
the Baltimore Canyon and most of Corte
Madera. And I will never feel safe
THE SUNDAY CALL.
aoout not seeing others until the Maxin
County authorities wake up to the. idea
that the county is growing and that it is
time to give us roads and cut up tnis
dangerous wilderness that is now \of no
use to any one and a danger to all."
S. B. Cushlng, president of the Mill
valley and Tamalpals Railroad, said: "I
do not consider that there is any danger
to life In any of these fires, and as far
as experience has gone there has been
comparatively little toss on improved
property, such as dwellings.
"Our railroad has had much to do with
increasing the facilities for handling fire,
as it enables us. to land men fresh and
ready for work on almost any ridge of
the mountain, where formerly they had
two hours of hard walking to get there
and were all worn out and unfit to do
anything Vhen they arrived. I have now
no trouble in landing men anywhere on
fifteen minutes' notice, with all their tools
and a safe method of escape besides "
t f D. E. Baker, superintendent of ' con
struction of the North Pacific Coast Rail
(n fWT,H 8 h« d man >' years of experience
in flghting - fire all one the line of the
railroad from SausaJito to Cazadero, and
to him it seemed an old story. "I never
feel afraid" he said, "and have no trou
pe In . extinguishing a fire if there are
roadways or trails through the forest, so
♦ a l i can £ et , my men to it and handle
them in a body. I usually try to work
California II 5 a State of Dense Forests—All
Should Know the Best Methods for
Fighting Fires That Some Day May
Devastate All This Great Country,
on the flre entirely by flanking Thai Is,
the nre generally advances with the wind
or up a grade with a more or lesa uni
form line, such as ranks of troops would
take Now I do not believe in going at
It bullheader] from the front, but keep al
ways attacking it from the ends and
f gradually cut Into it that way, advanc
ng men from each end. Shovels are the
main tools to be used, us the leav<
grass ran be removed from the path of
the fire and earth can be thrown on the
burning embr-rs."
Charles Taylor, who camp near being
roasted alive Tuesday night, has r
strong opinions. Ho said: |"The damage
done by this lire was small compared
with what it would haw been bad we
not chocked it as it crossed the ridge of
'Little Tamalpais.' but the property de
stroyed was sufficient in value to impress
upon residents of the Tamalpais slope the
great necessity of taking steps to pre
vent a repetition of such destructive
flros. The past history of this part of
M.iriu County shows that a larpe area
Is burned over every few years, and the
groves of majestic redwoods which adorn
the valleys of the . region are burned so
ten that many of the largest specimens
covered h that are like a tal column
covered with a feathery growth M»rin
nt«r U t n t«V cenlc eaut >' is due in large
part to the sequoias, and to save these
be' p r ro n t°ee?cd er reaS ol1 ' should htr «■"»
"With the probability of 'a treat fire
occurring again at anytime the^ronertv
owners should organize and sustain an
; : .n; ( r«,ncy n re company which could bo
hnnflfprl VhP asa notice and capably
nanaiea. ihis could be accomDiishpH hv
having each of the townsite?^a er ri ?
road and construction companies truar
t^V° t ha 7.° a certain number of S men
report at their respective depots for
transportation. a fire chief and deputies
i ? t^ : K ll ?. lhis way time would be saved
U n f nn a , b H etter apportioning of men ob
nwn lf l t an when each tries to save his
SrS^o e pe ce r X t^ nS ° ° r t0 th ° MMM
"Persons are not likely to send men to
aid -Others when they, have no guarantee
that l a like tUrn , will be done or ■ them;
but if an organization were effected the
plan would be simplified, the men would
not have to be engaged tso longhand the
expense would be divided among ( those
for whose benefit it was incurred. , ,;
The matter of transportation is ; also
very, important. It has been ; found that
up n Dnuaed to hill-climbing; are so
Ing to Hi" liics that they
are largely Incapacitated tor effi
work. The mountain railway was used
to good advantage in landing men at
proper elc\ ations fresh am! fit .
"The methods employed In Rgbting for
est and grass fires are yen different from
those employed In city fires. If, for in
stance, the fire Is in a canyon grown up
with trees and underbrush, it is im
ble to get within reach of the flan
tjo stand the heat If the pla ■•■ w< n a
Bible. It must be r< membered also that
in fighting these Urea one is fortunate if
h< gets water enough to we! a Back, so a
method musi be res iri d to which can be
conducted . c from' the flames
and without water.
"hi : . ■ s fires the men
ar>' supplied >v I ovels.
The advai cinj •■ tacked from
both flanks ai 1 followed toward the tip.
By this meth< d the workmen are kept at
the side oi the flami and can run perpen
dicularly a-.vay fj m th< dlrectii n of fhe
advancing '■ nflatrration !f the situation
becomes dangerous.
"The flan ■ usually travel in long,
tonguelilt ■ >. moi or less rounded
at the advancing end. as the wind is brisk
or lierht. The toi g • •-.•■. Wil b
the wind and very slowly on thi -id' s.
If the grot) which the fire Is
Ing is covered with !.'!■;:*.- urned
pirt can be * rlli \-. ■ ■■ ■■ t< ught
fro:n thrir rb r. If ti
Ins up a hill back-flrinß is the surest way
out of the difficulty, l was at one time
when near the top of Little T; mapais cut
off entirely by the fire and ■•
by setting fire to tl
end slowly dodging my own little fire un
til It had 'burned a. place that I could set
into and stand moro Secure from the great
fire, which, instead of creeping and burn-
ing slowly, as they all do at the com.
inencement. was rolling along with flames
forty feet high in the ordinary brush and
leaping above the highest treetops when
it came to groves of them. Fire travels
up hill with great rapidity because the
current of hot air generated ascends the
slope of th hill. Thus the same tendency
which leads the fire up one side of a
mountain is utilized to intercept its ad
vance at the top. In thick brush it is
necessary to clear a path along parallel
with the ridge and just below its crest on
the side opposite that from which the
fire is advancing and back-fire from this—
if the wind is too strong to risk letting
the main fire burn to its edge. Roads are
after all the only way to fight such fires
whether it be a regularly traveled road or
one hacked out of the forest in a hurry
for the purpose." : .i. •.,">.*
The women of Marin County also are
heroic. In each of the forest fires that
there have been some of them have done
work that would have quailed many a
manly heart, and they did it too without
none of reward or thought of even grati
tude being expressed. .
In Larkspur and Corte Madera there are
not many men around - during the day
All the morning they drop away to the
busy city, tralnload, after trainload, until
when 'the •bankers'- train" : departs at 10
o clock or thereabouts ' the little towns
are practically deserted. So the women
grow Felf-rcllant and l*arn to
tramp stray cows anrl various complica
tions" that visit .suburban villas. .
In the Warner Canyon, where; the heav
lest burning took place, the nouse was
only saved by the Indefatigable exertions
of all engaged, and Miss Warner and her
sister; assisted by the two Miss ♦ Vv,"l
bachs and Miss Carmc-lita Boyk-. kept <;£
water running to wet the sacks with
which the fire wan beaten, cooked meals
for the worn-out men and kept watch ana
ward to see that the only means or e ~£ape
down the canyon .should not be cut off by
a retrograde movement of the nre.
Miss Boyle would not admit that she or
her companion girl fire-fighters had don«
anything unusual, and she seemed to
think that going into a winding canyon
with burning trees falling on all sides
was one of the most ordinary things tnai
could happen any day. "1 went in about
9 o'clock Tuesday morning, she sain,
"and did not come out until the fire was
nearly over. A one time, while my
brother Hugh was in one of the smaller
canyons on the south side of the T\ arner
house, trying to stop the fire from getting
down through the thick red-woods, some
one set a back fire below him and he came
nearly being imprisoned in there, except
for my seeing it and sending a man up
on the hill to give him warning. Even
then he had to fight his way down
through the trail, that is none too wide
to walk through even when the brush
thai lines it is not on fire."
"Back fires may be useful in some
places." said Hugh Boyle himself; "but
1 have seen little use for them, and the
hardest work that I had during the two
days of the fire was in preventing people
from setting back fires and In escaping
from them and putting them out, after
they were set.
"The only lireM
that reached
was one that was set as a back ftra, trot
being in the heavy brush it became un
controllable and had to burn Itself out.
"Talk about hoi work, though. That
day ir. War . c to be re
membered. The smuke became so thick
that nothing could be seen at times, and
the thickness of the bank of It above us
obscured the sun until every object touk
on a copper tint, and then all would get
black again. Our worst right was to save
the water tank. The tire would keep run
at it from every direction, and if its
rta onc< burned and Let the water
oui we would have had to let the house
I
When the fire was at its height and
when every one <.-!s«.- was either busy put
ting out iircs or attempting to save prop
one little child devoted herself to
praying in her own simpl* I r dl
vine assistance, and
rain was soon falling from a small cloud
overhead, although the rest of the sky
was comparai ■ •. rlit.
"1 asked God to come and Eight the fire,
and a 1•! nol know how he was
going to do it. but when 1 heard the Boft
raindrops falling I just thanked him for
answering mj ;
So little Dorothy Putnam Sheldon tells
the story of her faith that was stronger
th;tn fear.
Many times has rain been prayed for,
but never w?s urgent necessity more
spet diiy i . uev< d.
Her family had been camping in a beau
tiful redw } . canyon on the northern
Blope of J.ittle Tamalpaia and had that
morning been driven from their plc
turesque tents by the threatening fire. All
day long she had watrh> d its smoke puff 3
hurrying along the ridges and the flames
at times seeming to envelop the men that
h< wed and tugged at the thick brush
clearing a trail in front of the advancing
conflagrate n.
To the child, deeply imbued with a sens*
of the Ibllitles In life, it seemed
she, too. must do something to stay
that awful tire. She could not see those
mt'ii working so hard without help Leav
ing her terror-stricken little friends to
gaze awfully upon the fli
ncr room to rail upon a power that a.« it
petmed to her. alone could master the
• • •
The name of Tamalpais must have been
given by reason of some furmer experi
ence like the foregoing. Ta mal pals-
Take care— Beware— Stay— l recollect—
Bad country. That is the meaning in
Spanish of the name of Tamalpais which
has just shown by this fiery exhibition
what could be done in the way of extem
pore volcanics. T.ess than 500 acres was
burned over altogether, and Tamalpais
has something like ten ; mbus
tlble greasewood and laurel to the acre.
Some time the mountain will break
Then Ta mal i
Take care— Beware— Stay— l recollect—
Mischievous land.
The sides of Tamalpais and of its re
•ent foothills : with a
brush known to the earlier Californians
vood, a shrub th it will burn
when growing merely by applying a
match to the -•■ I saves. Mixed with it
is the Califor el, which ignites less
readily, but when once fired burns v. i
semi-« t!i.- large
percentage of pungent essential oil.in its
foliage.
About one hundied thousand tons of
this Inflammable material
around ■ \ n, laid
hot hills •
.summer. Bcorched In the fall and by the
lay of I <>' iber S the v.
singed until ready to Ignite with ■ m
Had the rain aol fallen it would hive
taken more than a page to tell of that
fire.SOME WEDDINGS THAT PROVE LOVE IN A
COTTAGE IS NOT THE ONLY KIND OF A
LOVE WE HAVE LEFT.
£""|^HERE !s a tale flitting over our land
I to the effect that love In a cottage is
I the only kind of love we have left.
• that love In a cottage is
;' love we have left.
I People are saying that the little
jl blind god squirms uncomfortably
when he is Introduced to tlmbales and
truflles, and that he never feels thorough
ly at homo except upon a diet of bread
and cheese and kisses. ' Have they for
gotten the romance of Prince Bernadotte,
who married against his father's wish
and thereby lost a kingdom? And of Mat
thew Borden, the Yale millionaire, who
took his girl wife from a life of poverty?
And the Yon Hatzfeldt story, and the
Hope story, and all the rest of them?
The romance of Miss Helen Moulton and
her Count resulted in one of the earliest of
our international marriages. It was in
1563 that the American girl was traveling
In Paris and met Count Paul yon Hatz
feldt. She was tall and dark-eyed and
olever, which inspired admiration, but
Count Paul did not stop at admiration.
They were both young and the upshot of
tlie matter was that they were man
the Bame year and Miss Helen Mouiton
became a Countess.
Eleven yc-ars later society was startled
at hearing of the same couple's divorce.
Parisian and Parisian visitors of 'OX from
all over Europe and the United States
could look back upon one of the most bril
liant weddings mat had ever taken place
at the French capital, and this rift in mo
lute was as ironical a matter as tha rest
of life is. Society remembered that it hod
paid confidently; "A love match-'J There
had been all tho orange blossoms and
white roses and Mendelssohn music and
"Worth gowns of the conventional wed
ding, but besides and above all these were
two really In love young people. So when
the news of 1574 came it deserved au
arched brow of surprise.
Back to American came the Count-less
Countess, bringing with her three little
Yon Hatzfeldts, whose duty was to for
get Europe and papa as fast as possible.
They made American mud pies and were
taught to like, only American dulls, and
they must needs ride. American hobby
horses. They learned their lesson like <ln
tiful children and they did not anticipate
mamma's renewed romance.
It did not come until 1559. Then she vis
it wi Europe again. ... .
It was at Baden Baden this time that
she met Count yon Hatzfeldt. Once more
he thought tier beautiful and ever She
discovered that she had grown tired of be
ing tired or' him. In September of the
Fame year society had still more to talk
about, when the wedding took place. Some
of the same friends who had heard the
long ago ceremony at Paris were at Baden
In ! i3 to see the same couple united again.
And so far there has been nothing but
harmony in the union, and the three little
Yon Hatzfeldts are quite as well content
with London life as with American.
Though they are not very little any more,
by the way, but quite eld enough to ap
preciate that it is a very proud thing to
nave a father who is German Embassador
to the Court of St. James.
There is a Swedish love story being
lived even now that runs something In
this wise. Once upon a time a little
Swedish maiden was made attendant of
the Queen. The girl was of good family,
but not nnble. She was patient in duty
end reserved 'n manner, and it may have
been her patience ar.d reserve that made
her charming, but more likely it was her
face, which was pretty in Its chilly north
ern way. ' There is no touch of warmth
In the Swedish type of beauty, but men
fall in love with it nil the same. And in
this romance, pretty soon along came the
2. rlnce. * ■ ■
He was a bor.aflde Prince, son of the
real Kij:g and Queen, and heir to the
throne of Sweden. He proved to be as
stubborn a Prince a? ever climbed a hun
dred-foot tower, and whr-n the old King
told him that he could not have his king
dom nnd his sweetheart; too. he chose the
sweetheart. Then the father grew very
anc;r''.
At first Iv had thought that Prince Ber
nadotte did not mean what he said,
but when he found out to the contrary,
he determined to prove that he was
as stubborn as his son. So he rtisin- A
heriu-d the young man nnd made M
]...;.., ,■ . ■ his other son. hr-ir
t0 V. ... . . Tl smi ans that A 4^k
Bernadotte has lost the great
Stockholm palace and the rule
of all N ' iy an I Sw< den
with their wealth of minins- A d^^
and shipping. It also mean?
that he is not one olt sor-
t . i* r ■ ' - has done,
but is steadfastly con-
tinu!ng in the course
hi has ; -• ;. a4^
Tliis la not "'■- j4U
ways easy for '■ • jd^M
end worse than j4^t
that ■ ' : j^M
Prince. I :^M
cans c s hi _^H
wife many
trying ;\:.\j4^M
tad '••.■. ;::j^M
T !: (j^^^B
Princess Oscar, who will one day be
Queen, takes advantage of every op
portunity to humiliate the patient little
Princess Bernadotte. She emphasizes
the fact that they are not equals and
she does this by compelling her sister
in-law to stand In her presence and to
dine at another table.
But the famous couple have never for
one minute regretted their course. They
live simply, and If they must be without
the privileges of royalty, they are also
without its bothers. They are both fond
of art and together they choose Pictures
for their pretty home. The Princess Is a
musician, too, in her modest way, and
many are the happy hours spent in the
lon- oak-parieled music room, where
p&no. harp a nd violin await their mis
irfip' idle hours. , , T ,
The story °* ■::, he's becoming Lady
Francis Hope has been recalled lately by
tKSwort ■hat Lord Hope's friends have
' effected v separation between the husband
ai Mav^Yohe was a little American actress
some* five or six years ago. The last play
that f theater-goers remember her in was
"The 1 ady Slavey." in which she made
the crowning hit of her career as a .very
bcruffled and bewitching waitress. [1 has
been said that bhe looked the part and al
wav-s has. despite a title. This re
m""rk was made by the same dramatic
critic who called her voice a foghorn.
Whatever this criticism may have been
worth Lord Hope formed his own opinion
of the'beauty and the voice, and bestowed
i title upon them in return for naught
but themselves. Such homely thin as
ilucat* hau nothing to do with the match.
The young husband's relatives opposed
the marriage in a trul<- conventional
spirit, but Lord Francis did as bo pleas
cl lie took the little singer to his Eng
lish homo and gave her all the good time
that soos along with a title.
inn money grew scarcer, and stories of
selling the Hone diamond have been cur
rent of kite days. At any rate. Lady
Francis Hope has been continuing the life
"he began as May Yoh<*. on a vaudeville
btaKe and .it 33 she is left to choose be
tween supporting a husband or los Ing him
altogether. The end of this story is less
romantic than its beginning.
There has been more sorrow than hap
piness in the marriage of Matthew Bor
den and Mildred Negbauer. They wore
hardly more than half through their teens
when they met, fell In love and were mar
ried Matthew Borden was then a fresh
man at Yale, and his wife has now among
her treasures the blue enameled flag
that he clasped in the band of her sailor
hat in their early,' acquaintance. That
young bride was poor, but Mr. Bor
den'a ' allowance from his . millionaire
father was enough to permit them to rent
pleasant aoartments in New Haven.
The\ found that they pot along . fa
mously in this way; and it seemed just
as well not to mention the affair to
Papa Borden; But one day he did /
exactly what tho properly regu- /A
lated papa does— he entered unex- /M
•ipctedly And then came a f^m
storm. , /^H
Th< story at this point be- /^H
nomes unpoetical. and It Is /^m
more congenial to sent!- JA^k
ment-loving people to hur- v'A^k
rv over it. Instead of t^m
any "for life and /M
-'..-•nth" assertions on y^^l
th<- lovers' par. /■
young Matthew de- J^k\
parted meekly for /kM
Europe in the A^M
<■ h n r g c of a .*jH
trustwo r y y^^l
pro fes s o r, /^B
3n y\ Mrs. /£fl
Borden /■
con- /^M
sented to change her name back to Neg
bauer by Dakota law on the receipt of
$lo 000. With these dollars she did a filial
things. She bought a home for her par
ents, which was ever after known to an
unpleasant public as the "Borden bribe."
But the poetry came back to the story
when Matthew came back to America.
He visited every part of Europe and had
studied and gone, pleasure-seeking, but al
ways he had found something missing.
He decided at last that this something
must be Mildred.
He returned to her.
His father was angry and refused his
blessing. But the young people are not to
be separated again.
They have gone to live in the home
which the $15,000 bought, and except for
that home .they have not a worldly pos
session. But the young husband la going
to work as if he had never known luxury.
"It is well worth while," he told a col
lege chum. "I always had all I wanted '
before, and now 1 have all I. want— that
is Mildred. I don't know much about
working, but I can learn. And she doesn't
care. We are going to start all over
again, and we start together."
Miss Pauline Astor is in trouble. It is
the old, old story of handsome lover,
stern parent. The lover is one Hon.
Reginald Ward of the Royal Horse
Guards, and the stern parent fancies
noblemen. In fact, he has one al
ready picked out and awaiting his
daughter's consent, But she per
sists in loving Reginald, and it A
bids fair to be a merry war be- /A
fore the matter is settled. /Am
Dry goods in Chicatro and /4fl
mines in Colorado were the /Amu
or gin of the Letter fo:tu:.o. /Amm
When it was made Mr. L.t:i- /A^kA
tt-r retired to Washington /Am%
to enjoy it. He took two /AW
daughters with him. /^H
They made a sensation fAmW
in Washington society. /^m\
Mary Leiter became /AMX
famous for her /A^k
beauty. Both /■
girls were /A^^
charming. J^LA
When George /^m\
Curzon wooed y^^l
Mr. [.viler /^—A
oppo s c d. X^H
He was /^—\
and is Z^H
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a good, substantial American /^k\
citizen, and he wanted an Amerl- /^H
can son-in-law. But beyond this /^H
this he could find no complaint >^H
against Mr. Curzcn. He was >^H
a highly esteemed and estl- -'^^1
inable member of the writ- f^km
ish legation. /^H
As usual, the young /^M
people had their way. .^H
They were married and /^^l
wont to England, /^H
where friends were /i^l
won everywhere. /^fl
It is hardly s> /^^k
dead topic ye » J^^k
how Lord Curzon V^^l
w a s afterward y£^|
made Viceroy >^^|
of India and >^^|
took his bride f^k^k
to Calcutta. /^kw
Her won- <^^l
derful y^H
beauty /^^|
set /M
Orl-
ental
eyes a-
blinking.
Orient a 1
poetry was
ten in
her praise.
When it w a s
published Lady
v Curz o n laughed;
but it is told that
Vmy lord treasures the
clipping in a certain
especial corner of the
viceregal desk.
Mr. Letter's peace ox
is still being disturbed
his younger daughter. She
s less beautiful than Mary, but
as charming and far more
'f a horsewoman. Her sister has
her to India and her love
nff air a there tiav kept gossip busy.
];ut Miss Leiter's fancy at last seem-
to be assuming a 1. settled frame
mind. Lord Suffolk is responsible.
two have been seen more and more
'together as the weeks have passed. They
are now driving dally In' company. ., The
reason of this Is that they are engaged.
. Miss • May Goelct's case is much like
that of Miss Astor. She also loves a
, soldier— Captain Oswald Ames- of tho
Horse Guards— and a stern parent pre
/«tms th« tlt1«. ■'. Th« stprn narpnt <n thla
case
(8 the
1 ad y ' g
mother— a
thoroughly
sensible wor
n Komti p< <>-
pie say, who has
outlived fool i sh
s c ii t i in «■ ntality
and kimws h <i \v
short-lived £ir 11 s h
whims arc
The Ladenburg ro-
tnance is as strange a
ntory as waa ever written
on Axnerican pages.
Mrs. Adolph Ladeiiburg was
Kmiiy Stepln us. daughter of
Alexandi r Sti phi ns ol New
Ynik. She vas to Inherli wealth
fp>m both father aud mother. Her
beauty was in her own ripht.
Adolph Ladenburg won and mar-
ried her. He, too, was wealthy; mo
' New York representative ol Baring
Bros, lit' was a jolly, home-loving young
German. !!•"• was as absorbed In his busi
ness as many a poorer man, and when
hla health finally talked it was said that.
overwork waa responsible.
Worn out, body and mind, ho set sail
for southern Island*. His wife could o<
go with him. i'<»r their little dau
was lying dangerously sick, in Now xork.
His journey was ■ lonely, spiritless
affair and Called utterly ol its pur]
Mind and body both grew worse, and
Adolph Ladenburg telegraphed that he
was coming home oace more. Ho srm
the m ige i i the buby girl who was
Urn pride of his life.
Mrs. Ladenburg went to meet the re
turning vessel. She had the little girl
with her.
She did not find her husband. Instead
there was ;i strange, Bhort story that
eto her n "t of Hie storm of an angry
sea "Adolph i>adonburg had disap
peared." That was all.
And no more has ever be^n toM. it
waa during the storm on the return voy
age that a friend went to ■ his Ftateroom
and found ii empty.
"Madness" Is what his widow believes,
but she does not know.
Tiiis happened in '»6. Sine* then Mrs.
Ladenburg has returned to society and
to her old fad— horses and the hunt— and
Her riding has made her famous not oniy
for the length of Long Island, but inland
as well. And her favorite companion in
this sport is Ralph Ellis.
lie is deeply in love with the littlo
widow. He would give his hounds for
one little word of hope.
But friends who have hoped for tne
union are beginning to despair. Mrs.
T,nripnbur« is very gay as she is seen In
80
- -
hut
there is
a n unap-
p r o a o h-
able side of
her nature.
- She is waiting
even yet.
The opposition
which Mist- Anna
Gould encountered in
becoming' the Countess
of Castcllune was out of
the ordinary. It was the
young lady herself who
preferred a title, while her
older sister besought her to
marry at home. Hut Count
BonJ de Castcllano would a-
wooing go to America, being se
riously in need of funds. The
Gould fortune was glittering and
temptatlous. Besides that," who
knows that he didn't fall in love?
V At any rate they were married ana
have been lately photographed together
with a live-happy-ever-atier expression.
Balfour Kerr, the artist, met Miss Sigs
bee while she was studying art abroad.
She is the daughter of the famous Maine
captain. Her talent for painting and the
fact that she is her father's daughter both
distinguish her. But neither of these
counted for half as much to Mr, Kerr as
the fact that he was in love with her. lie
has nothing but his brush to depend upon
for a living, but he is going to keep that
brush very busy for the sake of the bride
he has won.
Miss Mary Ellen Slgsbee knew well
enough that her father would protest, if
nothing more, in case she confided her
love affair to him, so she made sure of
consent by marrying first and telling af
terward. The genial captain was wise
enough to be good-natured over what
could not be helped, and Mr. and Mrs.
Kerr are a happy couple.
The love story of Carlotta has gone into
the making of history.
She was a lonely little Belgian Princess
at first, a Princess In one of the most sol
emn courts of all Europe. She was al
lowed but four balls a year, and at those
she must dance with none but her broth
ers. The best of brothers grow stale at
times. No wonder that when handsome,
brave young Maximilian came to court
she found in him a new charm.
They were married and went to Italy for
their honeymoon. It is one of the most
famous of all the world's honeymoons. It
lasted on and on through long blue Italian
days, and it was without selfishness. Both
of the lovers went abroad doing good to
the poor and needy. All Italy was their
friend. The happy time lingered until Na
poleon's message came.
Then the Mexican colors went up above
the honeymoon castle of Minima r.
The King and Queen were sad In parting
from their beloved home, but they did not
realize that the parting was forever. They
looked back upon the towers, and then the
sight faded. It was ho! for the new land!
They entered upon the life and work
hopefully, bravely. But It was no use to
cling to courage. Troubles deepened and
at last came strife.
Carlotta put her shoulder under the
burden. She went back to Europe to
plead for her husband.
She. begged help, of Napoleon. She
pleaded in all the courts of Europe. . No
body listened.
Love would face anything, but the flesh
was weak. Health and nerves gave out.
She does not know that Maximilian lost
his life as bravely as he had lived it. She
Is the Mad Queen who understands noth
ing except that her room is very small
and holds one checked on every side, and
that he does. not come; he never comes.
In her padded chamber she awaits him,
day In and day out, and the years are
rung out in the waiting.
While the old Queen's sad story is being
lived out in Belgium, a little neighbor
Queen is taking up life as if it were her
own discovery. Eighteen-year-old Wil
helmina of Holland has just entered upon
her queenship, and the little European
Princes are waging merry war for the
queenly hand. At present indications
point to young Prince Eugene as the prob-
victor,
He is
not espe
cially hand-
some, but If
the Queen
wants to be m
love after her
own fashion, win
shall gainsay
The greatest of all
the international mar*
riages was that of Con-
suela Vanderbilt, whose
$10,000,000 were united
with one of the longest and
oldest titles of all the British
nobility. Consuela / was so
young when "she was borne off
to British soil thai there had been
no time for earlier affairs. Tha
Duke of Marlborough was young,
too and it was more than easy to
V build up a pretty little romance about
' their marriage in spite of the worldly
wise cynics. . They are living happily in
Blenheim castle, the old family home, near
London. The course of true love has run
smooth from beginning to end in 'his
pretty heiress' cafe, for parental consent
smiled upon a happy union. The Vander
bilt wealth is restoring the old castle and
making a fairer home for a happy family.
Tranby Croft, in England, ■■- the home
of the professional beauty. Miss Muriel
Wiison Her family are not noble, hut
they possess real wealth. The young
lady's beauty has set London talking for
many a day, and even the Prince of
Wales has admired.
She has turned her back for a short
time upon London flirtations and has
tome to try New York gayety. To the
London suitor she has been as cold as she
Is beautiful. It is a matter of conjecture
whether any American can move her.
There is no doubt but some of our young
men will try.
The Russian Prince, Engalitcheff, found
his affinity in Chicago. She was Miss
Evelyn Partridge, an heiress. The Prince
had it ft his St. Petersburg home and was
on a tour around the world. Everything
went smoothly as far as Chicago; then a
chubby little fellow, armed with a bow
and arrow, confronted him and blocked
his path. He found it impossible to get
past love.
Miss Partridge became a Princess last
October. She wiil accompany her husband
soon to his Russian home. The Prince
says that his chief regret in returning is
that he will not have such good roads for
wheeling as in Chicago, where he learned
the use of the bicycle under the guidance
of his wife. 
It is more than three years since the
marriage of Miss Grace Wilson gave so
ciety a fruitful topic of conversation. The
story of her marriage with Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jr. is another story of sac
rifice
Young Vanderbilt was the oldest heir to
the great Vanderbilt fortune. He was to
inherit $100,000,000 and to have charge or
the family estate. • ,'- ; 
But his father wanted to choose a wlra
for him. He was very much displeased
when Cornelius, then only out of college,
chose for himself. ; >
He loved and was loved by Miss Grace
Wilson. Why it was that his father op
posed the match was never known, to the
public at least. The only objection ever
made known was that the young lady was
almost 30 and her lover barely 21. When,
Mr. Vanderbiit Sr. mentioned this fact
young Cornelius replied that. age didn't
count.
She had all the wealth and position that
Mr. Vanderbilt might have been expected
to ask, but for some reason he took a
violent dislike to one of the most sunshiny
little persons that ever graced New York
society. He forbade the marriage on the
penalty of disinheritance. Young Corne
lius persisted and had his way.
And they are very happy. The father
died without forgiving his son, and with
never a word of kindness for her who
would have been a loving daughter. They
have large means from the families of
both, but the great fortune was sacrificed.
And it was done with full knowledge.
Another of the Wilson sisters was
married before, and she transferred her
romance to England. She loved and
married the Hon. Henry Herbert, and by
so doing made the Earl of Pembroke her
brother-in-law. She lives In a beautiful
English country place, quaint and home
like, and none or its visitors doubt that
love made the match.
The newest of American love stories is
that of Julia Dent Grant— the "Julia
Pent" for the grandmother's sake, Dy tr>%
by. This same grandmother was In tn»
Newport Beaulieu ct Mr.-. Potter Palmer
the other day to Bee her name hearer
united in marriage with another Russian
prince— Prince Cantacuzene, whose good
firm face is hardly yet relegated to the
shelf of waste newspapers.
Miss Grant has been an American,
society girl. She is known to that sociuty
as sweet tempered, but of great reserve.
Reticence Is a Grant characteristic.
It was while on a European trip that
Miss Grant met her Prince Charming.
In spite of the young lady's reserve it is
said to have been a case of love at first
sight. This, however, la mere speculation
on the part of outsiders, and perhaps
even to those especially concerned in the
matter.
But It was love, anyway, and it resulted
In the twofold wedding which has been
the fall event of Newport. White roses
and orange blossoms, and then away goes
the ship, and good luck.
2728
TOfyp Stamp Collecting Us Jar /Ifoore
Wn&n a (ITkre Jab or Cra3e.
•^ %HEN mention of stamp collect
\ A )' ns and Bt&roP collectors Is made
\f \ /most persons at once recall the
V V small boy with his album Impor
tuning his friends and chance
acquaintances. In season and out of
season, for "any old stamp," or that
other solicitor for similar favors, the good
young lady who Is trying to gather 1,000,000
postage stamps to secure entrance for an'
Imaginary old lady to some mythical old;
ladies' home. But those who have been
touched ■with the collector's enthusiasm!
know how numerous and how widely dis
persed are its devotees, and what a mass 1
of literature, much of It trivial and evan-(
escent, but some of it scholarly, which
has been wrhten on the subject. They\
also learn later the intelligent and careful,/
investigation which is being devoted to ■
what Is called a "hobby" or "mania," that(
'the treatises on the various stamp Issues
form a very important link in the history (,
of those countries, and that with the sin-^
fie exception of coins and medals nothing '
rdthln the reach of every one so well il-(
lustrates the civil and political changes of
government. s
It may not be known to all readers of (
■The Call that the first postage stamps ]
were designed and used in England so re-(
cently as 1840. Before that time letters
were carried by the Postofflce Department, %
th» fee for which was collected from tht (
(person to whom they were delivered, vary- '-
ing from 10 to 25 cents, though the sender '
couM prepay if ho chose, and the letter^
* r as then marked "paid," with the amount (
co received. About 18S7 Sir Rowland Hill /
gave the question of cheaper postage and
more prompt conveyance of the mails
close study. *
He believed by exacting prepayment on (
all letters the department would lose no /
fees, as was the case at that time, be- V
rause from the inefficiency of the service.
many letters were lost, and some personsi
refused to receive and pay the sum de-*
mar.ded. He therefore formulated a
scheme for a uniform rate of one penny
on all letters of a half-ounce or less, to
be prepaid in all cases. He believed that
the sma'ler fee would encourage the more
frequent use of the mails, and as the
losses would be practically eliminated,
the department would be able to give a
prompter service for the smaller sum.
The adoption of Sir Rowland Hill's plan
In 1840, its successful inauguration nnd
•rrowth since and the inestimable vaiue
to society and commerce fire matters of
history. To-day the Postofflce Depart
ment Is the most important, branch of the
public service in all civilized nations, and
its operations have been simplified to a
great degree by the Introduction of post
age stamps.
Is it any wonder then that the collec
tlon, preservation and study of these
little labels should have attracted young
and old many years ago? The intimate
aßsoclation of stamps with letters, par-
ticularly letters from foreign countries
and llttle-heard-of places, Is a strong
factor In developing the collecting in-
stlnct. Except widely traveled persons,
THE ENORMUS COST OF YACHTING.
, > r TZ7 lE"W1 E"W branches of sport yield less In
■JT comparison with the sums lavished
on them than yachting, which of ne
cessity Is a monopoly of men with well-
Mined purses. The Initial cost of a yacht
''may range from $500 to $500,000, and the
Aannual outlay from $500 to $50,000.
f The man who buys a *80-ton yacht for
purposes alone, and without any
(of the added cost of racing:, must expect
'-'her tn cost him $2500 a year. For a 100-ton
\vacht he will have to disburse from $3600
/"to $5000 a year, without counting: depre
ciation or the interest on the $10,000 or
v 515,000 he has sunk in her purchase.
I When a man aspires to the luxury of a
"steam yacht of hundreds of tons he ought
to have the deep purse of a millionaire,
'■for he may well spend on his hobby the
(annual income of a Cabinet Minister of
the first rank; while the Interest alone on
A the money his Boating palace represents
would pay the annual stipend of a bishop.
\ These estimates, based on the evidence
!' an expert, are for pleasure yachts
)only, as distinguished from racing yachts;
for the owner of ;i racer must expect to
/add materially both to original outlay
■.■in.! yearly expenditure.
It is estimated that the cost of building
)and racing the Shamrock and Columbia
BIG PRICES PAID FOR STAMPS.
"j-UE prince of stamp collectors, sayß
t! • London Mail, is undoubtedly a
I Monsieur Ferrari of Paris. Virtually
priceless are the stamp collections
of this gentleman, and his devotion
to the hubby may be gauged
from the fact that he keeps
three s-.<rotaries especially to look
after the precious bits of colored paper,
are arranged and catalogued in lux
urious libraries.
M Ferrari possesses no fewer than eight
specimens of the famous ■"Postofflce Mau
ritius," the rarest stamp in the world, of
which only fourteen copies are known to
exist. The anna: value of this stamp —
which ha:- I • I . vi: to fetch privately
the large sum of $1350, over times iv
THE SUN DAT CALIi.
or those enraged In trade with the four
Quarters of the globe, most people look
upon a letter from a foreign country as
a curloalty, and the less the country Is
known or the more remote Its location
the greater Interest attaches. It is then
the most natural thing for the one re-
calving It to carefully preserve it, and
for this season alone cannot be much less
than $1,000,000.
The thirty-nine sailors on the Columbia
will receive $35 a month; so that for a
season of five months their wages alone
will absorb $6825. Their food will bring
this sum to at least $10,000, and to this
total for wages and food must be added
the skipper's salary of $4000.
These items, although they amount to
nearly $15,000, only represent a part of the
season's expenses. At least once a week
the yacht will have to be taken out of the
water to have her bottom polished. The
manganese bronze of which her hull Is
built accumulates seaweed rapidly and
this and all other accretions must be
cleared away at short intervals If her
speed is not to suffer.
To say that the Columbia will cost her
owner $25,000 for the season's racing is
probably an underestimate, while the cost
of racing the Shamrock will be greater.
If the Shamrock is successful in taking
back the cup to England the trophy will
cost her generous owner no less than
80 in addition t r > all other normal ex
penditure, for this Is the sum which will
be required to pay every member of the
winning crew the promised $5 a week for
life.
To race a yacht like the Britannia, the
face value — from the fact that it
bears the words "postoffice" instead of
the regulation "post, paid." It was issued
in 1547, and is bo very highly prized that
not long ago a wildly enthusiastic collec
tor advertised that he was willing to cor
respond, with a view to matrimony, with
a lady possessing a copy of "Postoglce
Mauritius, 1847."
The two-penny blue "post paid" Mauri
tius is another very valuable stamp, and
at an auction a copy of it actually realized
$700— the highest price ever paid for a
stamp sold in this way. This particular
specimen was unused, but even a canceled
copy has been sold for $460.
As a rule. African stamps seem to beat
the record for big prices. For example,
a one penny Capo of Good Hope has re
other example* which chance may throw
his way. until by comparison an Interest
Is awakened in the stamps of all coun
tries.
Stamp collecting, or, as Its more ad
vanoed devotees call It, "philately," Is
far more than a fad or craze. The fact
that many persons have pursued it for
Meteor or the Rainbow for a single sca-y
son cannot cost less than $15,000. apart >
from accidents and depreciation, while IfV
we consider the short racing life of one/
of ihese "greyhounds" and distribute h;r\
original cost over the few years of hero
life the annual price paid for the brief)
luxury of owning her must be Increased^
by many thousands a year. »
Certainly it is safe to say that no many
should think of owning a racing yacht of/
this class who is not prepared to spend y
$23,000 to $30,000 a year for the indulgence./
Even the gift of a $500 prize is largely')
removed by the extra expenses of vacingv
and winning. It is usual for the owner of)
a winning: yacht to pay her crew $5 each,*
In addition to their wages. On a boat like'
the Britannia this liberality would entail v ,
an extra cost of nearly $200 for the day.',,
To this item in the balance sheet must be/
added $50 gratuity for the skipper and a y
smaller fee for the pilot, together with/
another 525 for the provisions and bever- ,
ages. Thus, acrainst the prize of $500 musty
be set an additional charge for the day
of about $300. " v
If the yacht, instead of winning, loses Y
a sum of about half this amount mus. be ,
sp<" nt on the race and added to the normal v
cost of maintenance. /
alized $325, another specimen of the same
$260 and a nine penny Natal has changed
hands at $130. A Cingalese four penny rose,
unused, was sold By our Informant for
$650 not long ago, while a sheet of twelve
West Indian six penny stamps went for
*T75, this being a record price.
Five hundred dollars apiece has been
realized at auction for a nve-cent Ameri
can "Brattleboro" stamp and a nine
kruetzer Baden stamp, the value of the
kuter consisting in the fact that it was
one of a sheet printed by mistake on a
green paper instead of on the official pink.
But some idea of the enormous trado
done In foreign stamps may be gathered
from the statement that the total sum
of our informant's sales during last sea
eon amounted to mor« than $100,000.
periods varying from ten to thirty years,
during which time they have carefully
noted the various postal and political
changes, proves its permanent Interest
and value to them as a study. The accu
mulation of a collection has kept them In
touch with current events, while their ap
preciation of art has been fostered, and
the pleasure of collecting has been one of
'their chief enjoyments. Every stamp or
1 series of stamps is associated in their
| minds with some important group of
events, and thus they speak to them from
i the pages of their albums.
Cultured people are naturally collectors
>— not in the sense of mere gatherers of
objects for their Intrinsic value, but
rather of articles which appeal to their
, sense of the beautiful, as pictures or stat
uary; or those which appeal to their ln
(telligence, as books. Postage stamps In
a moderate way appeal to both the lntel
) ligence and the imagination. The num
ber of persons who devote time and
) thought to their accumulation and study
vis already very large and constantly in
' creasing. In every large city and in
\many small towns there are persons who
have no other business than buying and
) selling stamps.
During the season from ten to thirty
) auction sales are held In New York, vary
ing in net proceeds from a thousand to
five thousand dollars. Their value as
) commodities is as well fixed and vary as
, little from year to year as books, pic
tures or coins. While the element of
y speculation and inflation sometimes ap
' pears, the event is never attended with a
\ complete slump in prices. Better class
stamps must always maintain their value
>for the very reason that through fire
water or other disintegrating influences
\ their number continually grows less, while
' the army of collectors who wish to pos
sess them is ever increasing.
' San Francisco has a society, known as
Kthe Pacilic Philatelic Society composed
/of a considerable number of enthusiastio
• philatelists, and it has held regular
'monthly meetings for the past fifteen
years. It maintains a clubroom, where
its members meet, and a library of sev
eral hundred volumes of books and peri
odicals devoted exclusively to their pur
suit may be found.
To them stamp collecting Is not an Idle
craze, but a serious study, which demands
from them their best thought. At its
meetings papers are frequently read
which could not fail to interest any one
who gives a thought to current events.
New Issues are shown and discussed, new
facts about old issues may be brought up,
and everything pertaining to th« postal
service is legitimate matter for notice.
Not alone the changes of the workings
of the Postofflce Department in the new
possessions of the United States— Porto
Rico, the Philippine Inlands Guam and
the protectorate over Cuba— but the con
stant changes in the continents of the old
nnd the new world, and the Islands of the.
sea, furnish abundant material for their
effort*.The Most Successful- "Woman-HUnter" of OUr western World
IN San Francisco there lives and
works a man who by his own Individ
ual effort has restored to the bosoms
of their respective families over 1000
women and girls, and thus given them
a chance to tie the broken threads —
broken by accident, by mistake or by
sheer recklessness— and go on weaving
smoothly ever after, if they so choose, on
the loom of life*.
Detective Abraham Anthony of the San
Francisco Police Department Is the man
■who has dona this, and because of his ex
ploits in this particular line he Is known
to his brother officials in every large city
of the United States as the most success
ful "woman hunter" of our Western
world. For nearly nineteen years Detect
ive Anthony has devoted himself to the
task of looking- up feminine truants, who,
by their own volition or by some trick of
circumstance, have become lost to the
world that knew them before the black
curtain of mystery fell between them and
their former surroundings.
Detective Bainbridge says that " 'Tony,' 1
as the "woman hunter" is affectionately
called by his comrades, with all of whom
he Is a great favorite, is a "miracle" in
his own peculiar way.
"Tony can find and dig out of hiding a
girl or a woman as surely and almost ns
readily as the German truffle hounds can
unearth those epicurean treasures." Mr.
Eainbridge declares, "for if you put him
on the track of one he will find her or die
trying. It's a wonder how he does '. but
he has never been known to fail yet."
He doesn't look in the least like a
"sleuth," this quiet, slow-moving, slow
speaking 1 man,' who receives 'you In his
shirt sleeves when he is enjoying a restful
hour In his home, and in a comfortably
creased business suit when at "the of
fice." With his hat on. Tony appears very
much like a well-to-do rancher, but no
confidence man would ever try to "rope
him In" after one glance at the sharply
6hrewd. blue-gray eyes, which look out at
the world so keenly from under his well
marked eyebrows. For the rest, he has a
rather wide face, with high cheek bones,
a long, thin but by no means prominent
nose, a determined, narrow-lipped mouth,
a decidedly obstinate chin and .1 short but
Belf-assertive gray-blond mustache. It 19
not until he removed his hat that I be
came. aware of the unusual, almost ab
normal, development of his forehead, and,
in fact, the entire cerebrum, which to a
believer in phrenology would perfectly ac
count for the "miracle" of his peculiar
mental capabilities. His speech is diver
sified by lingual reminiscences of Prussia
still, though he has been thirty-five years
in this country, spending thirty of those
years as a resident of San Francisco, and
nearly four of them - only a boy he was
then— in fighting gallantly for the Union,
which he had learned to love even In far
off Nakal, his birthplace.
It is difficult, Indeed, well nigh impos-
Bible, to persuade Anthony to talk of his
exploits, but there Is a certain over
grown, black-bound volume In which all
these things have hern made matters of
record, and here la found full substantia
tion of all the stories which his admiring
fellows tell of him.
And what heart-breaking stories they all
are, too, considered quite apart from De
tective Anthony's share in them! They
are, every one of them, histories of suffer
ing, wrong or misdoing: of foolishness
which Is wicked, or wickedness which is
foolish. And the moral, self-evident, if
never openly expressed, is the largest part
of them; but it will never, while great
cities act as magnets to unwise humanity
and vice looks more alluring than virtu*.
reach the Inner consciousness of those
whom it might thus save.
Here are skeleton accounts of hundreds
of "mysterious disappearances" from
which our Californian Lecocq has elimin
ated the factor of mystery.
Do you realize how many schoolgirls
have, during the past nineteen years, left
happy homes without warning or reason,
moved by childish whim or— oh, the pity
of it!— definite and Ignoble purpose? Do
you know how many girls have been
driven to disgrace because their homes
were not happy? Do you ever think how
many wives desert their husbands each
year, and why? And what become* of
those to whom no kindly friend like De
tective Anthony appears, booing a mes
sage of forgiveness and hope? If you ar«
unaware of, or indifferent to, these
things this book of Detective Anthony's
will wake you to a sense of life's realities,
but If you value your present lightness of
heart, I pray you do not seek to read it,
for it is crowded with tragedies from
cover to cover, and the unavailing sorrow
of It aJI weighs on one heavily even after
the volume Is closed and laid aside.
I not only see these records, but. I havo
the pood fortune to find the chief actor
In the occurrences of which they speak
with a spare half hour on his hands
which he is, with difficulty, be It ac
knowledged, persuaded to spend in telling
something of his work.
"How do I manage to find these
people?" he repeats, when he is asked
this aaestlon. "That I cannot tell you,
for I do not know mypHf. If thej
known to havo sweethearts, I generally
hunt for thorn the first thing; but if there
Isn't anything of that kind to get a clew
from I havo to study pretty hard. As for
the 'descriptions' that folks give us, do
you realize how wHely what is known
«s a 'general description' applies? Should
you be sent out to arrest a confidence
man or a regular 'crook,' described as
being 'short, dark'— or light, as the case
might be— 'well dressed, with a grayish
mustache and a habit of smiling' appre
ciatively and paternally upon young
ladles/ vgu. jnlght mistakenly run, lv, in-
I of the person for whom you are
searching, several hundreds of our rep
utable scild citizens who would 'fill the
bill' perfectly as far as listed personal
appearance poop.
"There are only a certain number of
kinds of eyes, no?es, mouths, complex
ions, hair and figures to divide amonsr all
■ illions of this world's Inhabitants,
and they are necessarily plven out in
you might say. It Is the way
we use these very much alike gifts— our
mannerisms and expressions — which in
dividualizes us, and these are the hard
all things to describe recognizably,
for this reason the descriptions of
missing or wanted persons which are
furnished to the police are general or«
confusing than helpful.
"Women »«d girls are harder to hunt up
than men and boys, because they are
more skillful about simple disguises and
are' generally cleverer about choosing
their hiding places. I guess they put me
on to that work when I first began just
to kind of discourage me and take my
pride down"— he crosses one leg over
the other and takes a little half turn In
his roomy chair.
"But it didn't." I say with conviction,
and he smiles assentimjly.
"Not entirely, anyway, but then it is
mostly luck, after all, that helps me out.
I've had girls I was looking for walk
right up to me on the street and ask me
to direct them somewhere; and then I've
had to put in days and nights hunting for
others who were hidden almost under my
nose. The youngest truant I ever discov
ered was Ethel Lashwood, a five-year
old baby, who, it was claimed, was kid
naped by Bertha Franklin., known, as
'Big Bertha No. 2*; and the oldest was a
Mrs. Lamont, who was hunted up at the
instigation of her pon-ln-law. Timings
Jones of Dogtown, Butte County— not be
cause he loved her but because he ac
cused her of having stolen two saddles
and a bridle from his barn just previous
to her disappearance. Of the young girls
who leave their homes the majority are
led away by false promises built on a
foundation of romantically secret 'love af
fairs.' 'Street flirtations,' indulged in at
first in a spirit of innocent fun by groups
of pretty schoolgirls, are the source of
some of the worst crimes that blacken
the police annals of our large qities.
"There are girls, however, who seem to
be naturally incorrigible and who desert
their homes not because of outside per
suasion but simply for tho reason that
they chafe under the bonds of respecta
bility and long for adventure and excite
ment and personal freedom. To this class
belongs pretty Maria Knudson, who at
the age of 16 stole J3W from her mother
THE SUNDAY CALL.
A MAN WHO HAS DEVOTED HIMSELE TOP NINETEEN YEARS
TO THE TASK OF LOOKING UP EEMININE TRUANTS.
HE TELLS
SOHE
WEIRD
TALES OF
HYPNOTIC
INFLUENCE,
DESPERATE
CASES
AND
THRILLING
ADVENTURE
and went up to Oregoi., where she Joined
the Salvation Army, In which she was a
shining light vocally and prayerfully un
til her brother hunted her up and brought
her home, where she was freely forgiven,
and lovingly reinstated. There was no
'man In the case whatever, but the girl
was one of the kind who hated . Quiet
home life, and bo after eight more months
of monotonous misery she cut open the
back of her mother's trunk with a
hatchet, took out $40 and— vanished again.
I found her"— the "wonder" says this In
the most casual manner— "living quite
alone in a second class but thoroughly re
spectable lodging house and with only
$2 In her possession, the rest of her plun
der having been spent for cheap jewelry
and solitary but presumably soul-satisfy
ing hack rides.
"Ida Trapp of Carson City was a girl of
■the same disposition, with, however, the
element of dishonesty left out. Miss
Trapp, though the daughter of well-to-do
people, had never had any opportunity to
.see the world outside of her home town,
the had, however, a small bank account
■in her own name and one day she drew
her money and became invisible. For
' three weeks all manner of theories were
put forward to account for her disap
pearance—murder, abduction, suicide and
•every other dreadful possible reason for
her loss was suggested to her distracted
family, and then I discovered her hero
In San Francisco, boarding with respecta
ble people and happily engaged In seeing
all the many places of interest in and
about San Francisco in the most conven
tional and proper manner Imaginable un
der the chaperonage of her estimable
hostess. Quite as innocent and yet quite
as trying to her friends was pretty Aggie
Ward, who 'hated to sew and wished
she 'was a boy,' and created wild sensa
tions by having her dainty boots black
ened at bootblack stands, whistling
through, her fingers when she wanted to
stop street cars and taking meteoric
drives in the park strapped into a racing
sulky behind the fastest horse that she
could hire. There was nothing really
wrong about Aggie"— the detective's smile
Is very kindly as he speaks— "for all her
escapades came merely from a girlish
love of excitement. But when she ran
away from home to Join a theatrical com
pany that didn't want her I . had to go
after her and bring her back. I remem
ber that the saucy, little thing kissed, her
hand to me in the courtroom when her
mother took her away," and he laughed
outright at the recollection.
"One of the oddest cases that I ever
knew of," he goes on, "was that of a
young girl find her stepmother who ran
away together from an almost palatial
home in Sacramento. The head of the
house was a rather stern man of 70 years
and his ideas of 'home rule' seemed very
arbitrary to his wife and child, who came
here and 'set up housekeeping 1 for them
selves, but were glad enough to return
when I found them, for their money was
giving out and neither of them knew how
to earn more."
" 'What was the queerest case I ever
knew of?' "—a brief season of retrospec
tion follows this question. "Well, that
one of Ella Wilson of Los Gatos lias
never been really explained. That girl
was lost for two weeks, and when she
wrs dug up in a Montgomery street lodg
ing house she was a sight to behold. She
had eaten and drank absolutely nothing
for five days and nights, although she
had plenty of money and a quantity of
valuable jewelry with her. She looked
like a living skeleton, and she claimed
that she had left her home- and come to
this city under the hypnotic influence of
a woman in Lob Gatos, whose name she
refused to tell, and that she had been
perfectly unconscious of her actions or
surroundings until just before htr restor
ation to home and friends. She had been
quite alone all of the time and no harm
came to her out of the affair except a
brief illness due to her self-imposed star
vation."
Will he tell me of some of the feminine
criminals whom he has captured or helped
to capture?
"The most remarkable one in the line of
thievery," he answers, "was the original
'Woman in Black,' who, ten years ago,
stole over $20,000 worth of jewelry and
other valuables here in fcan Francisco,
after serving a sentence in Sing Sing for
stealing $18,000 in government bonds from
a room in the St. Nicholas Hotel- in New
York city. Then there were the 'Noodle
Girls,' and Eva Doherty, known a year or
so ago as the 'toughest child in the city.*
"But the girl who has given me the most
trouble in that way is Annie Meyers, a
German girl, who for more than fifteen
years has been a constant source of an
noyance to the police. Annie began to
steal when she was 8 years old, her first
big exploit being to clear out all the
smaller treasures of her own home and
distribute them among her playmates. I
have arrested this girl over and over, and
as her favorite method of procedure is to
answer advertisements for domesticß and
work Just long enough to secure a tent
articles of •value, and she goes under many
different names I am never sure when I
go to arrest a dishonest servant, unless
Annie is safely behind the bare, that sha
Is not the one I am after. Annie la as
athletic as she is gentle-mannered, de
mure and acquisitive, for only last year
when I arrested her down on Sixth street
she Jumped over the railing of a veranda
twenty-live feet from the ground and then,
climbed an eight-foot fence and ran sever
al blocks to get away from me."
"Did you jump after her?"
The detective shakes his head emphat
ically. "No. but I caught her all the
same. I've been pretty near getting killed,
though, several times since I went into
this work, the first time not quite two
months after getting my appointment.
John R. Samuels, then Deputy Sheriff of
Colusa County, tried to shoot me then,
and came very near doing it, too, but I
didn't really blame him much under tha
circumstances. You see, he sent his wlfa
here for a six months' visit for her health,
and she got in with a tough lot and went
to the bad. so that she was soon known a3
'drunken Frankie' all over the Barbary>
Coast. He didn't know a word of it, of
course, but when he came down to see her
she was in a snarl about a stolen cloak,
and when he came to me about it I, not
knowing that he was her husband, advised
him not to mix up with the woman at allj
because of her reputation, and he tried to'
kill me right there. It was a hard deal',
for the man all around, and I always felt |
sorry for him.
"Three years ago Kate Flood was nearly j
the death of me, too. I arrested her and
she begged so hard not to go up to the
City Hall in the patrol wagon that I took
her on a car instead, and Just as we got
to Leavenworth street sl»e Jumped off and
pulled me after her when I hung on to her
dress. We both fell flat, and I lay right
in front of another car and thought I was
a dead man for a minute, but I managed
to get out of the way just in time, and
keep my prisoner, too.
"Now, as to what makes so many run
away from home— sometimes ifs one thing
and sometimes it's another.
"Most people are too easy and careless
with their girls and let them run around
too much with other girls without any
older person to look after them. And then,
again, others are too hard with them and
keep them so close that they're bound to
break out. As for women— l've known
some to leave the best of homes and take
up with tramps and gamblers and mor
phine fiends and worse, and I've known
others to give up their lives slaving for
worthless husbands and ungrateful chil
dren, and even dread going to heaven be
cause they would have to leave these bur
dens behind.
•Women and girls are puzzling," con
cluded Detective Anthony— but he is nei
ther the first nor the last man to so de
clde . F. McVAHON.
Women commercial travelers are con
siderably on the increase. Their tact and
persuasiveness render them successful.
The increase has been largely due to the
freedom In traveling which women now.
claim.
2930
HE WAS A MULTI-MILLIONAIRE PHILANTHROPIST OF PIONEER DAYS
i AND j
! MOW I
+++B H+++
HIS WIDOW
DWELLS IN
+++E most!
% MOST |
+ +
! AB- |
I JECT I
I POV- 1
ICRTYJ
IT is Chambers place to those of the
one-time. It is Chambers alley to the
irreverent of nowadays.
Adown it the houses scowl in each
other's face, and the people are
crowded close enough to quarrel. If
r driver takes a whim to enter rom Lom
bard street at one end or from the street
I forget at the Other, he must make sure
first that no driver from the opposite
street has taken a like whim. If a body
meet a body on the rocking boards of the
foot-and-a-half sidewalk. 1 leave it to his
tact or his :Ist how he will get by.
It was the jaxgling bell of No. l that I
rang— an old-fashioned pull-bell, like a
white doorknob. My formula was as fol
lows: "Find Mrs. Chambers, whose hus
hand was a multi-millionaire of pioneer
days She livs In poverty with two im
becile children." It was not a pretty form
ula.
No. 1 Chambers place crouches beiow
the level of the sidewalk. It is little nn 1
square and brown, and Its two windows
that face upon the street squint their cur
tains tight against curiosity; which is
probably an idle thing to do, for curiosity
would not be likely to bother much. "I
can describe the inside if the lor is never
opened," I presumptuously said. "Three
rooms and a porch, kitchen, highly col
ored kitten chasing a bail on the front
room rug. flapping scraps of wall paper
In the bedrooms, greasy table and rusty
Btove in the kitchen."
Then the door was opened and my pre
eumptions scampered any way they
might, not to be seen.
For from the sight of nil that is bleak
and brown and commonplace without, I
stepped into the most ivmarkable parlor •
that many and devious paths have ever
led me Into. Here Is luxury in the midst
of poverty, elegance where you would ex
pert elegance to lift disdainful skirts and
pick a hurried way past.
From the decaying wreck of a fortune
Mrs. Chambers has saved the gilt-mount
ed mirrors that tower to the celling of
their tiny quarters. The rugs have
etretched across the floors of a great
house. The polished walnut piano was a
grand Instrument In the days when two
attached candlos preceded piano lamps,
■end its soul Is the tinkling little soul that
<mcc responded to the notes of "Ben
Bolt" or "The Farmer's Life."
I never saw any woman live through
euch want as Mrs. Chambers has lived
-through and still cling to these beautiful
luxuries. But, then, I never saw any
"Woman like Mrs. Chambers.
I found her courteous with a fine cour
tesy and reserved with a fine reserve.
"Will you tell me something about your
husband and his career?"
"My husband was a pioneer. His pic
ture hangs beside the door."
This with the simplicity of grandeur.
Inquiry shriveled to Impudence. He was
a pioneer. There was his picture. Fur
ther than this what was there that con
cerned the great hulking, brutal world
that looks for a second, then laughs
coarsely and forgets?
It was like surgery to go on. Slowly
at first the story came, then faster, un
til it tumbled forth, a confused heap of
memories and tears and laughs and
dreams. It has taken me half a day's
mental sorting to get it in the least kind
of order, but the hurt of it all was clear
and sharp yesterday and is to-day and
•will be to-morrow.
It seems that her mother, Mrs. Wilson,
was a Quaker, and she inherits the
aristocracy of an old New York Dutch
•line from her father. So much for her
Btart in life.
She was only a. little girl and her
braids were still long and her frocks
•were short when doctrine split the fam
ily. Mr. Wilson had turned Baptist and
Mrs. Wilson had gone to the temper
ance platform as a prologue to the sepa
ration. Then the year of '49 arrived, and
Mrs. Will heard that vice stalked,
lonely, the ramshackle streets of Califor
nia, and she concluded that it would ap
preciate her better than Mr. Wilson did.
Bo she took the Sunday-school books she
had written and the temperance lectures
Bhe had prepared and the little girl, to
•whom rhe owed care and love and hap
j)lness, and she departed by the Panama
■route.
When Mrs. Wilson reached San Fran
cisco she found that her Sunday-school
"books and her temperance lectures were
not appreciated. People wanted women
to bake and stew for them, but they had
no time nor appetite for spiritual food.
Mrs. Wilson was grievously J dis
appointed. She had come with the best
of Intentions. People did .not care.
There was no way to be useful.
Bo she died.
This Itft one little girl alone In San
Francisco— the Han Francisco of the early
BO's. There happened to her Just
what happen? to story-book little girls:
Bhe fell into the hands of a d^af old rnald.
"Then, oh, my dear, my troubles com
menced In earnest. She kept me like a
prisoner and made me work hard. I
was only 12 years old. I was the most
unhappy child that ever lived."
Following close upon this experience
came a romance. She was a mite of a
thing to have a romance; but she was
motherless, and the same as fatherless,
and so there was nobody to shoo the ro
mance away. The guardian tried to, but
{ailed.
It was during Mrs. 'Wilson's life that a
friend. Mr. James Chambers, had res
cued mother and daughter from a burn-
Ing building. The fire broke out In a
Kearny-street house where the Wilsons
lived, and Mr. Chambers took them to
bis home, n"ar the ferry of these days.
"Was he a wealthy man at that time?"
"Oh, my dear, yes. He and Mr. Sharon
owned most of the water front. He was
very good to us.
"He went to Europe a little while after
that— while my mother still lived, you
understand— and when he left he asked
me what he should send me for a present.
I was wild over my muslo lessons at that
time, so I said I wanted a piano. But
I did not really expect it. I was so sur
prised when It came. It was a thousand
dollar piano, a beautifully toned Instru
ment."
"But why did he not look after you
.When, yo]g »o&sr. £$X» | gq* *fcuj»
gling to keep the reminiscences !n h.
straight line.
•■lie did— but wait."
I Btood corrected. lr waa not my turn
tell the story.
"He stayed in Europe a long time and
when h-- i ame back I waa with the deaf
ii<i. He learned where I was and
he came to see me. but she locked me
in a hack room and told him that I had
gone away. Sh.- was bound to keep me.
I heard what went on and I resolved from
that day to find Mr. Chambers and tell
him how 1 was treated.
"I wrote him a letter on a Ion.? ribbon
: he only station, ry I could find.
1 pinned it in the front of my little low
ii. eked ilr'-ss. with the pfn on the out
side. 1 was waiting for a chance to send
it.
"See how things happen. The old maid
wanted a pin and she saw that one on the
front of my dress. She told me to give It
to her, and as I did so the paper slipped
and rustled and poked a corner out. She
was suspicious of the least thing, so she
clutched at the paper and 1 clutched too,
and 1 managed to bite off little bits of Jt
In the struggle. But there was enough
left for her to make out. and when she
knew what I was about she made matters
worse than ever fur me."
Tf I should see the wicked old maid
come upon the stage and happen to want
ft pin at the critical moment, and hap
pen to light upon the critical pin, I should
wax blase and I should snap at the
dramatist for a man of cheap device.
But if I can look into Mrs. Chambers'
wide eyes and doubt, then Is the moon
mnde of gn-. n cheese and the earth as
flat as a dinner plate.
< <:' cours( . he came and took you away
from her?" I pushed on, sniffing a fairy
prince ladder afar.
"No; I ran away instead. I took my
little dresses and the Polly and I escaped.
Then 1 managed to send Mr. Chambers
word, and lie soon took care of me. He
put me with a Mrs. Hates, who kept
house on the hill, and there I lived un
til I was 14 years; old.
"1 was very happy.
"When I was 14 Mr. Chambers and I
were married. He was 4:; years old, and
I only a child, but that never mattered
to me. He was always 1 i V; • • husband and
father both. We were so happy."
I watched my patent leather tip
dawdling with the tiger tall on the floor.
The questions stood abashed. I flirted
limply with the bisque serenader on the
shelf. The woman before me was strug
gling like mad with a jerking lower lip. I
would have slipped thankfully through
any loophole of escape, and the four
winds take the rest of the story.
Then relief came where 1 least looked
fur It. For with the majesty of her race
she drew a tight rein and went on.
"My husband lived almost eighteen
years after our marriage. His wealth,
which was great at the time I married
him. increased through the years, and we
lived in luxury. I had everything I
wanted before 1 had a chance to want it.
"Mr. Chambers owned property every
where and of all kinds. His buildings
were all over San Francisco— buildings
that you could not find a stone or a
shingle of now. The rentals from these
amounted to J4SSO a month. His ranch
lands stretched all around. There were
acres and acres in the San Joaquin Val
ley, and at one time the whole of what
was then the San Pablo ranch was his.
"He had mining stocks and water
shares— at the time when the water rate
was $30 per month. It was because of
this interest that Mr. Sharon managed
to get my water rate reduced after I was
left destitute.
"Did Mr. Chambers acquire all his
wealth in California?"
"Yes tht whole of It. He came here in
'49 with Mr. Parrott— John Parrott. He
was without means then.
"'But California proved a lucky land to
#^Y N epoch In the hiBtory of racial and
f I national evolution has • just been
fr— — I consummated by the coming Into
I force of the revised treaties be-
X tween the great powers and Japan.
Slow has been the process, and
during silent centuries these peculiar peo
ple in their mystical, land have been
trending toward the forging of the link
predestined to be the bond of union be
tween the peoples of the Orient and the
Occident. This relationship is potent as a
factor of Irresistible force, determining
and dominating results of more than In
ternational magnitude. In > the Inception
of union perfect harmony In recognition
and adaptation Is not to be expected. Un
pleasant manifestations are unavoidable,
but such should be regarded as contin
gencies, and not as evidences of ultimate
incompatibility— simply a friction .natural
In the commingling of alien entitles— the
activity of fusion preparatory to perfect
union.
The affiliation of the peoples of the East
and the West, In the logic of events,
which Is Inexorable, becomes predestined.
Efforts made toward opposing this result
»__ fl»i_y, m PgwgytgKgg ji_ w& g_
him, as ft did to many others, and he did
not wait long for a fortune. It came like
magic, and went In the same way.
"During his prosperity my husband gave
THE ANGLO-SAXON AND THE JAPANESE
By Frederick W. D'Evelyn,
President of trje Geographical Society of California.
diplomacy which would assume the ag
gressive would ultimate In defeat.
Bo evident does this relation appear that
we consider that the politician or states
man of the near future will find the recog
nition of this fact a matter of necessity
rather than of free will adoption.
Further, the potential possibilities of
the Orient suggest a recognition which
will not assume the characteristics of a
craven or suppliant nation, but of a
prowess which would render friendship a
desirability, as It would constitute hos
tility a menace.
The supremacy of th« Anglo-Saxon Is
not a tenure of fixity, a monopoly of
capability; nor does he possess distinctive
attributes so essentially his own as to
fmtßmjUßß&& j&aflKsasaA fez m?
THE STHTDAT CAlil*.
continually. All churches and charitres
were remembered. He was not a Roman
Catholic, but he gave to the church be
cause it was a means of doing good. Nine
vlronment. Indeed, It may be seriously
questioned if there are not indications
that his full growth has been already
reached and that the efforts now in evi
dence, brilliant though they be. assume
more the character or a struggle than of
expansion and increase of capability.
His reserve of power may be overdrawn,
his vitality undermined bo that while he
maintains an unstable position for the
present he will cease to De the dominant
power In the hybrid nationality of the
future.
The close association of races, rendered
more possible by facility of travel, Inter
change of reciprocity and commercial In
terests, Insensibly creates an environment
which tends to produce a less distinctive
feet of land through the block went to the
Presentation Convent. All of this land for
blocks around was ours.
"Look at my home now. Nothing left
but this little cottage and the lot next
where you see I have made a garden.
"I almost failed to save even that lot.
"My husband had become embarrassed
In business before hr died, and when I
was left alone I knew nothing about
managing v.-hat little was left me. The
property in this neighborhood slipped
away, and I found everything except this
scrap in the hands of the foreigners.
"When I wanted to hold the next lot
the Italians tried to get it away. I could
offer JSOO for It; they offered $3000.
"The directors of the Hibernia Bank
were to settle the matter. At first they
ferences and thus to Initiate racial
changes which harmonize with instead of
antagonizing the surrounding influences.
The forces tending to these results may
not always work with a uniform intensity.
There will be periods of varying activity,
some slow, perhaps ill denned; others so
rapid as to appear phenomenal, in which
each effect stands out boldly and dis
tinctively.
One of the latter character has certainly
been forcibly presented by Japan's rise
to position, as evidenced In this treaty
act, for while by this agreement she has
obliterated the line of demarcation be
tween herself and the comity of nations,
Bho has demonstrated something of
greater significance than a mere triumph
laughed at the Idea of $500 over against
J2UOO.
"But I had a friend or two left then,
and for the sake of old times concessions
were made. So the lot became mine and
here I have made my home ever since.
"How we entertained in those days!
There were parties given to the most
fashionable people in San Francisco."
She ran over a string of names, among
which Scott and Kittle and Sharon and
Bowman clung in my memory. I watched
her heavy-jointed, red hand idle with a
quaint bracelet. It was a gesture full of
aJI that is instinct with carved and cur
tained and chandeliered surroundings. The
hand 3 had forgotten for a moment of
reminiscence the work a day part they
are cast for.
the fact that Japan is now a great power
that no extraterritorial clause hampers
the exercise of her laws, that her bor
ders are free to the entrance of all foreign
ers, evidences to us that this result is not
an accident but the attainment of a phase
of development which has been steadily
evolving. Japan, half a century ago con
sidered a pagan land, is to-day abreast of
the standard of nations— a giant in innate
possibilities, whose reserve power of
valor, intelligence and capability insures
a continuance of growth, presaging that
insidious approximation of relationship
which is of most deep portent to the peo
ples of the West. It means a quickening
and heralds a serious and prolonged ac
tivity on the part of the latter if they are
to successfully maintain existing tenets
and characteristics as the paramount
power, while far reaching influences will
mark the virile activity of Japanese
growth and ambition.
Will the coalition of Orient and Occident
result in a hybrid stock in which racial
characteristics will assume new generali
ties—a new people unified— or will it be a
coherence in which exists no bond save
that of mere contact — an agreed equality?
These are problems the solution of
which the future may find interesting
"It Is fortunate that yon can Btfll ttr«
In the city of your old friends," I chirped
thoughtfully.
"My old friends? Where are theyt I
might as well be on the other side of the
earth. They are nearly all dead, and the
few who are left are strangers to me now.
My troubles have made me lose Interest
in the world, and I have persistently shut
myself away from every one."
The pride of it! Oh, the pride of it!
Not a whine about the world's cruelty
and friendship's fickleness and all the old
tale. "I have shut myself away." You
notice?
There were four children. Of these one
Is dead, another is barely supporting the
family, the other two are imbeciles.
Those four people and the memories live
alone in the little brown house at No. 1.
She shuts up tight and proud when you
get near the subject of the imbecile chil
dren. She is a mother.
They are both mature in years, that
much I know, and they are younger in
mind than the youngest baby that won
ders. They are too young even to won
der.
One of them was In all the hurry to live
of his twenty-one years when he forgot
about life." He lies helpless in bed now,
and his mother feeds him with her own
wear* hands.
- The other is a woman, with a woman's
strength of body. She follows her mother
clumsily about the house. .'-0'
The youngest son Is a man of 30. He has
learned the carpenter's trade. He cannot
find work now, and so the last resort has
come. Mrs. Chambers is offering her en
gagement ring for sale. It is the one
thing of great intrinsic value left. It is
the sapphire of her girlish whim, chosen
when she was tired of diamonds. It has
been clung to and cherished and guarded,
and now its day has come.
In all of Mrs. Chambers' remarkable
history there was nothing which im
pressed me so much as the Instinctive
good taste and self-respect which have
led her to make her home what it Is.
The marvelous way in which the dreari
ness of poverty has been transformed Is
the strongest clew to her character that I
caw. The arrangement of furniture, pic
tures, ornaments, is old-fashioned but ex
quisite. The stooping corner of the white
washed back porch has been roofed with
cheap bits of glass by the carpenter's
skill, and it opens from the living room
in the guise of a conservatory, where
flappy-eared begonias grow and where
ferns sprawl in lazy warmth. She herself
Is neatly threadbare. Her face is no lest
than ugly with the scars of worry and
tears. It is the tone of her voice, the
ease of her language and the unconscious
ness of her hands that tell tales.
• • •
The Presentation Convent is sleek ana
gray outside, and inside the haircloth
chairs stand in sleek order. The sisters
tread softly and speak mildly. The
sweetest one of all those I saw is gray, I
fancy, beneath the black, for she became
religious in IS6I.
'•What are your earliest recollections
of Mrs. Chambers?" I said. 9^
"As the lady who lived in the grand
house just beyond the house in whose
yard a fountain was always playing and
at whose fence I always stopped as a
little girl to peep through and admire
the fountain." - .
"And what do you know of her hus
band?"
"I know that people said he ruined him
self by gambling."
Ah! It must be I was not listening*
attentively when his widow told me that.
'•The. Chambers helped the convent?"
"I know that they were always most
kind. About giving land I have heard
nothing, for the land was already the
church's before my time. But I remem
ber well how the earliest sisters who
came from Ireland in '53 used to tell of
the great help that Mr. and Mrs. Cham
bers gave them in their struggles to be
come established. : I recollect their savin*
that water was furnished them.
"1 know that she is in great need. The
son is said to be deserving and in need
of work. Her lot Is certainly very hard
poor lady. I have seen her for yean'
always followed by that terribly af
flicted daughter."
The convent stands sleekly, calmly
prosperous. In the cramped alley behind
it crouches little brown No. 1.
KATHRYN MARCH.
Canada's exports of butter to England
are rapidly increasing. This year to
August 19, 215,411 boxes have been shipped,
as compared with a total of 154,011 in 1896.
The American Board of Japanese Mis
sions reports that the chief opposition to
Christian missions in that country is not
j from the heathen priests, but from the
i Japanese agnostics.
An autograph volume of music by Or
lando di Lasso, the great composer of
sacred music of the sixteenth century,
recently discovered in the Imperial Li
brary at Vienna, contains a hK.erto un
known portrait of the composer drawn,
when he was 28 years old.
In Germany, as In many other Euro
pean countries, there is a rule that no
more people shall ride on streetcars than
can find seats. Consequently, if a car is
full. If a woman gets on and if a man
|jvesth«, -WWTUUI his seat, &$ m*ft -*Receipts for Ca:ncl\ -Makiingo
/fZQ ANT n. girl have th» best time mak-
CO candy? It always time that
;.s happei
mother Is away downtown a-shop
ping and cook having an afternoon
tcff. Th« 6Uffar that's wasted, the
butter that's used and the. sauce
pans that are burned: It Is well
■worth experimenting and learning- though,
for home-made candy is very much more
wholesome than highly colored down-
Town confectionery, and with a little
■practice and a great waste of sugar one
'Van r-onn become quite an expert. The
••loll owing receipts are very pood. Their
I cannot vouch for. but. the wast
-Ins of sugar in some of them I can, but
Just scrape out the pan. put it to soak
MOLASSES i.'ANDY-Orip quart of mo-
Jasses and two tablesp'oonfula of butter.
Boil until it snaps? In water, stir in a pinch
«:' soda; pour over butter dishes and pull.
CREAM TAFFY— Two oupfuls of sugar,
or,- -h;:!;' a cupful of water; one teaspoon:
ful of vinegar, one of cream of tartar and
onn tnblespoonful of hutter. Boil twenty
minutes, pour out on butter dishes and
P Y'Y TTKK SCOTCH-Four cupful? of
br< -.'. ■• sugar; two cujifuls of butter; threr.
tabki-poonfuls of water. Boil until crisp
MAI'LE CARAMELS-To one pound of
E :.-ir add one table. c poonful of
••: and one < upful of Bweei
801 l urtll almo«t brittle and pour
i platter. Mark In squares
whpn almost cool.
ALMOND TAFFY— MeIt four table
spoonfuls of butter in a saucepan; add
one pound of sugar. Cook twenty
minutes and stir in one cupful of blanched
almonds. Boil until brittle in cold water.
CHOCOLATE ''ANDY Mix half a cake
of prated chocolate with two cupfula of
brown sugar and one-half a cupful of
boiling milk. Cook until almost brittle.
Pour on buttered tins and mark into
squares
CHOCOLATE CARAMELS-One cupful
of molasses; one cupful of brown sugar,
one cupful of rich cream and piece of
butter the size of an egg:. 801 l fifteen
nriiiiiites and- add mx heaping tablespoon-
Culs of grated chocolate. Roll until done,
pour on buttered plates and when cool
mark into squares.
CHOCOLATE FUDGES— Two cupfuls
md ttm-o-quarters of a cupful
Mix v.pll and add
upfu] of rich crea tn and »
■ itter Place on I d stir
while 1 ng i k until ;i
will "turn to sugar" in
until almost cool, turn on
■1 cut into squares when
• NiT CANDY— Two cupfuls of mo
■ cupful and a half nf sugar
and butter the alze of an egg. 801 l until
PICTURESQUE
BERKELEY
HOME
it hardens In w I caking
. I two quart • of !
p< a nuts.
LKM< iN 1 ils of sugar,
one-half h cupf •■ cupful of
■ .' UllUlS Of
almost done flavor with
lem< : P ir n buttered plates and pull
■w-h^n cool enouph.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
There would be i thing rh ' g
poor i:i this world if It to if .1 :n.>:. tu
to spend his money as 11 does to make It. —
Berlin (Mil.) Herald.
A reasonably active man walks about
297.200 mile ■ more than ten times the
earth's circumference- m eighty-four
years, just trotting about Ills house and
office. ; "
The Correct Rjdflmg Habit.
THIS is the season of the year when
My I.ady goes a horseback-riding
in town. Which Is quite another
and more costly matter than cross
country riding.
tiive a horse of sure foot, a pair of leg
gins, bloomers, short skirt, shirtwaist,
sombrero and you have Mile. Vaquero
complete. She is your true modern Diana
uccoutered for the chase, be it grizzly
bear or jackrabbit. She rides astride,
and you please, takes the fences without
clutching the pommel, or pluckier yet,
does a good fifty miles a day and takes
her meals in the conventional manner on
the morrow.
But Diana of the boulevard and prome
nade, bien! She is another creature. Her
horse is a well groomed animal, small
of ankle and short of tail, with an aristo
cratic tilt of the head. He trots, as a
five-dollar-an-hour equine should trot,
nor shies at an automobile or any other
kind of wheel.
The habit of the city Diana 1* a match
for the steed. It Is horse and h»rs«
which is the better groomed. Good
hostlers seem to be more plentiful In San
Francisco than good hablt-raakerß, Judg
ing from the complaints of the fair
equf-strienr.es.
The habit which Mise Margaret Dal«
wears in these pictures was made In New
York with the "Lunnon" Beal of approral
and is "awfully good form, don't cher
know." Mies Dale is devoted t« riding
and her faultless habit caused not a email
flutter among the ridere of the Ban Fran
cfpro Club, where the courtesies of the
ring and stable were extended to her
while ?he was tarrying among us.
If you would be absolutely correct in
every" detail, study these photographs and
prepare to wrangle with your tailor
should he suggest otherwise, for down to
the stitching on the gloves and the bind
ing on the Derby (pronounce Darby) It Is
comme 11 faut.
Sun Francisco girls may be a seam be
hind the times In the matter of ultra-fMfc
ionable habits, but as for their riding. b«
It single-footer ot trotter, they can pao*
ail comers.
The list of rood riders is a long one. but
by general accord and Captain Dllhan's
consent Miss Rose Hooper Is placed at
the head of the local list. Miss Hooper
sits a horse as only a finished equestrienne
can, horse and rider moving as one. Her
mother. Mrs. Hooper. Is also a aplendld
rider and past grand mistress of all the
arts pertaining to the craft of horseman
ship.
Miss' Marie Wells and her cousin. Miss
Marie Oge, are enthusiastic riders, having
forsworn almost all other delights for
the beating of hoofs. The "Sweet Maries"
both ride well, and are connoisseurs In th«
matter of thoroughbreds.
Miss Alice Mofnt is as much at home la
the saddle as on the golf links. She 1b a
rider who recks not or ditches nor fences.
Miss Mofflt will dare a mount that would
try the courage of most horsemen.
Miss Mabel MoDonald of Santa Rosa
is the best cross-country rider of them all.
The higher the fences the more she enjoy 3
th" leap. Breaking In horses 1b a favorite
pastime of this Diana.
Mrs. Walter Magee. assistant In the
gymnasium at. the University of Califor
nia, in a rider who knows not fatigue.
A trip from Berkeley to the Tosemlte
Valley, up hill and down dale, does not
tire her any more than a canter In the
park.
These are but a few of the many eques
triennes In our midßt who would not be
put to blush by riders of any burg on
cither continent.
When Dewey was the executive officer
of the Colorado. Admiral Farragnt's flajj
ship. it happened that for some misde
meanor two sailors were confined in the
"hrip," as the ship's prison was called.
When Dewey was making- h!s regular tour
of inspection over the ship he heard one
of the prisoners say: "Anyway, I've got
some matches that were overlooked in mv
pocket, and I'll burn this ©Id ship under
him."
Dewey said nothing-, but stepped on deck
and rang the lire bell. "Fire in the ship's
brig," said he, as the crew rushed up in
answer t.> the summons.
Instantly four streams of water were
pouring into the brig through the holes
in the door, and in a f< w moments the
two prisoners, alarmed ai i!<-' situation,
wore howling to be saved from drowning.
"When he thought they wore sufficiently
wet down. Dewey .-aid. "Fire's out." And
as he walked away he remarked. "I puess
their matches are pretty well eoaked by
3132
The way
a BeaUtTFUT
arid Reduce
I
. : them
not c- they
■pin i
tra'« • • rhe 1
Into tiove sup'-iSuous lay-
Look closely at them, nnd you will
recognize Mrs. Pedar Hruguiere. who late
ly crossed tho social Rubicon, burning so
clsty's bridges behind her. for the foot
ll^hti Mrs. Brugulere, now a member
of Modjeska'a company, was acknowl
edged one of the most striking looking of
th« handsome girls who give San Fran
cisco the pulrn'jfor beautiful women*.
ure »
i
Has sy^s u?ke the ows
COLUMBIA. Mo., Oct. 18.— This Is a
quiet bit of a university town, that shuts'
tip shop for the most part at good Chris
tian hours, cave when boido student re
joicing now nnd then retires late. But
away In the wee email hours, even at'tc-r
the '.aft student has grown still, there is
a little boy prowling abroad in' the dark
«jh! Hiieivt streets— a little, boy who sees
•what is hidden to others' eye.s.
Stanley eihaefer Is this boy. and he can
Bee liko a cat In the dark, while daylight
means blindness to Mm. He has already
lived eight years of his queer Uttle life,
Bxid unless tho [Christian Scientists who
are now willing.- his cure shall will hard
enough. Stanley's life promises to con-'
tlnue in th* way it was begun; Oculists
ar.fi physicians of all schools havo failed'
to correct his vision]
Daytime is a dreary routine to him.
Thfn Johnny Jones ;ind Totnmy Smith are
playing in the Rood Missouri sunshine;
Tvhile Stanley must bo led about with eyea
■Llmoct closed^iinseeing eyes. He- Is fret
ful in the glare) and thore i= a little ges
tare of shading the eyea to pear that has
become* a part of him.
The brightest days make him naughty,
fust np Irritating weather makes other
little boys. Ho Is peevNh In a brilliant
light and he strains, his eyes, to see and
falls, and then his big dog or his patient
mother must suffer the consequences.
Suppose you were to walk out some foggy
night when thero was not money enough
to turn on the city lights and found peo
ple about you rending newsnipors or play-
Ing marbles or watching ants at work.
"Would you feel at home? Would you
not want to Join them at their trifling oc
cupations and be part of the world?
s"hat la the way Stanley feels In the day.
If. he tries to play hlde-and-se«k. Ned
EARLY MORNING CALISTHENICS
/ •-« you trilling to devote tw^rty min
utes a day to making your figure lithe and
supple? If you were sure you would sain
tbo desired result you would be willing,
you say.
Perhaps you knew Mrs. Bnißiiiciv whfti
she was Madeline McKi.~ick. pretty,
brown-eyed Madeline McKislck, with a
wisp of beautiful Titian hair, but a fig
ure—well, just a. little too plump.
How did she do the willowy trans
formation act? By doing: t!i»_ i very'exer
cises-.that she lias here illustrated to you.
Not L>y doing, them .now and then! but
every morning; and night of the week, and
every week ur the mouth.
P.y v.ua of :'> warning. Though to-day
your ligiire he .-HI that art and fashion
demand, lake heed of »he to-niorrows. v
sweet tooth may !>e 'inietly but insidiously
piling on strata of faL Or a predilection
for "dolce far niente" will slowly but
surely bring unseemiy avoirdupois.
It's one tiling to have a beautiful figure,
nr.fi a more difficult thing to keep it.
Eternal vigilance is th° price of more
things than liberty— a beautiful figure, for
instance. t>o ye of forms divine tak«a an
ounce of prevention of these exercises-
for your less perfect sisters a pound of
cure, full measure. Is necessary.
While Mrs. Bruguiert: was waiting for
the photographer to readjust his camera
she j chatted about- the exercises. 'I'VO
Phown them to any number of the girls and
they just bubble over with enthusiasm
in the beginning: They go homo and try
to become sylphs in one nigh:. They get
up i:- the morning a bundle of aches and
pains and that lasts a week. They for
swear all exercises and shut their eyes
to flesh that creeps on apace.
"If you're really in earnest you must
use your intelligence In this as well as
any other matter. In the beginning a
few momenta are sufficient to lame ntlff
muscles. Begin gently if you v.-ouid lim
ber them painlessly and effectively.
"Just before going to bed at night mid
first thing in the morning lake your exer
cises. Wear a loose robe that allow? per
fect freedom of motion. Have plenty of
fresh air in your bedroom, but avoid
to F^oar-p -.
ax HTght
Oreen will slide around the corner of the
lion.vp arK j touch base and Stanley never
Fees him. At. tag he gropes blindly In the
wrong dirertio'i and the other boys would
laugh at bis absurdities except that there
Is something In even boys which refuses
to make fun of such things. It Is hardly
h fueling of pity, probably not even .1
: ense of pathos; but the fineness of every
day boy common sense shows them tha
diiTerenoc In point of view.
But nt night :i!l is different. Then, whan
the children play, Stanley astounds them
by seeing what la in darkness to them
and his hide-ami-seek under these condi
tions is a masterpiece. It was in one of
th«s© games last Thursday night that ha
came upon a tramp who had crawled for
a lodging into a blnck corner of the barn
and there is no telling how many family
teaspoons the youngster saved by report-
Ing his find.
Long after Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Rob L-
"TheFc exercises not only change tin
contours of your figure, but destroy any
awkwardness that may have spoiled your
every movement; firace is the twin sis
!»r of proportion; these exercises are the
means of gaining both.
"No. 1 is a simple but very efiielent ex
ercise. Stand erect nnd without bending
the knees touch the floor with the palms.
At first this is impossible, but with prac
Stanley Jhaejer. the Boy (Oho Jees in the Park
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a♦ ♦
•«■ Poses by Mrs. ■+
♦ Pedar Brugulere. +
4 Gowns prom White House ♦
in touch the floor with th»»
gradually working down to tho
I
"No ■ arms straight In
I
«
Ight.
"No hands on hips and
without moving the ki ■-•*<■ bei J ' - *
"No. 4—'
ural eat.
"N wn or. flo^r, limbs taut,
kne, j '-rriiuhl. body forming 1 right angle,
arms parallel. Hold this
tion for No. ti.
"No. 6. Bend from waist, head touch
ing knees, hands on toes. Hold a s
n 5. This is nn ev
requiring suppleness beyond the powers
of the novice. It tak. s long, faithful
practice, but the end justifies the n
"No. 7. Usa the piano or similar
utool for this exercise. Brace the toe«<
under piano or hravy (hair. Bend n*
In pictures. These last
require the agility and supple
ness of the contortionist. If you can do
these, your form !s as lithe as nature
ever intended the form feminine to be."
Mr?. Bruguicre glid< s through these
exercises as easily as you or 1 or the un
initiated waltz. Try them once and
will appreciate the supple agility re
quired. It's hard work, but if you would
circumvent flesh that steals a march <>n
bones already well padded you must do
It. It is time wen spent and once, inter
ested the morning and evening exercises
Bre the twu most pleasant periods in the
day.
As T said before, beauty Is more or less
Rii infinite capacity for tal
Anna Held consecrated many rnoi
nguish living up to
Her much advertised milk bath, If really
Indulged in. Is one of her most, pli
methods of outwitting Father Time.
I visited Ihe fair Anna on her palace
car when she was In the city. I found
the little lady flushed anil perspiring, ex
orcising with all her little Parisienne
might and main. "Won't you come out
and play wiz me?" she sang, tiding
and sway'ng quite after the fashion of
the ■ pictures;.
"La pou pee" Anna confessed to me,
over a cup of chocolate, that she exer
cised daily to keep from getting "the
fat that ees so ugly n"est pas?" She
Cannot see ?n D«yww
But ?n the
Dai* is
Perfect
arjd Enjoys
■Readtrig
a Good B^ok
.'ii'-fJv-.- — ■■-'■■■ ' "*^-
»nn have railed Jimmy and Robby h"mfl
their uncanny little friend is roaming
through til- streets with his old dog Tim
for company. The two cha I its or
play tick-tack ai some sl<
Neixhtior^ wake in the depth of tli- nfght
tM \w:w i in dog barking merrily and thp
little boy laughing and seumpei inp beside
him.
Mrs. Bha> f t forbids these nip;ht ram
bles, but the young man takes matters
Into his own h;c;'!s ,->- often
and escapes from tii^ house. Ho is full of
life and fun ;i^ soon as the dark
and daylight makes him drowsy and dull.
Tlia mother has hoped to guide her
strangely deformed child into a normal
path, but she has failed utterly. Stanley
Is given lessons to keep him awake dur
ing the day and at night he is put to bed
very emphatically.
lie is a bright little student In th«
schoolroom where other children study
£>2r-CTSe3
That fyt
arid Y^t
SFF^ctTVg.
goes through all manner «f Othe 1
beauty preservers as -well — devoting hal-i
her time to her French doll loveliness
All beauties who make their loveline?
a profession guard and preserve M mosi
carefully. La Petite Anna Is not th» or';
one who keeps an eagle eye on crow* fee
and avoirdupois.
Helen of Troy undoubtedly used all th
methods in vogue in ■ her age and gen
eratlon to preserve that wonderful beaut
that caused the fall of Troy.
Madame Recamier and beauties of he
time cared for their looks and under
stood the preservation of loveliness a
none other before or after. Stripped <
her wealth, with many birthdays on hi
calendar. Madame Recamier was ye
lovely enough to outcharm the young?
beauties.
'Twould be folly to advise our fa
daughters to give as much time and at
tentlon to their persons a? does a profes
feional. But 'tis wisdom to follow the?
exercises, for though you do them for th
Bake of beauty they are wonderful health
givers
So, Mademoiselle and Madame. «ay
twenty minutes out of the twenty r fou
hours for your exercise. Then of on>
thing you may be sure. Grow old yoi
must, all promises to the contrary not
withstanding, but you will grow ol<
gracefully.
h* would he lost; but he has a teache:
nil his own, who hears him road In c
darkened room. He studies at homt
under a <iuoer little tin tent that lets Id
no ray of light.
There is no time whon he roads so ,
us by moonlight. Total darkness
troll enough, but the faint light la
better. IJ.> loves good stories, and he v.f.
t;iko his "Robinson Crusoe" or "Blue
Fairy Book" to his favorite corner of th;
dining-room porch where the moonlit'
sprinkles through a trumpet vine.
is his favorite way of -pending an even
ing.
His parents tested ail th« skill that
Columbia has to offer, and till their littlfl
boy prow no more like other children
They have sought aid outside with no 1 •
ter result. There is no end of theor
the subject, but explanations are no
cures.
Or. Dillon Bond of St. I,ouis spoke 01
the ease with hesitation.
•F should want to take much tim*
study the case before 1 could at
to treat it," he said. "As for my -
of n-why, the child has cafa eyes
:k more
verage person, and a
sees better. In the sun. th- pupiis
tract and cause faulty vision."
Dr. 11. M. Tost 1 found even mnr» :
fervative. "The boy may have v.
called a control cataract," he vet
"In that <-hm> the sun causes the pui
-'il it is .-ntirely covered !
cataract. In the dark the pupil exj
and he srp- around the .-attract.
All of which is deeply interesting to
ponderous science. iiut while doctors •'"•
disagreeing, what is to become
lonely little boy who nrowls whllf I
people and good eople sle-p. ar '
mopes In the sunshine of rl-ydaysT