VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 155.
WHAT THE WARFARE IN SOUTH AFRICA HAS
COST GREAT BRITAIN UP TO DATE.
In Twenty Days of Hostilities
With the Boers the English
Have Lost More Troops Than
Did America During the
Whole War With Spain.
LONDON, Nov. 2 — In the twenty days of hostilities in
South Africa the British army has lost more men in Killed
and wounded and captured than the American army lost
in the entire war with Spain. W^ile the bulK of the British
iosses is due to the capture of General White's left wing at
Ladysmith, the total of dead and wounded has already
reached high figures.
Only four less British officers have been K'Hcd th>an were
lost by the American forces in the recent conflict with
Spain. The number of British) soldiers Killed is already
n)ore than half of that of the United States troops- Esti
mating at 1000 the number in tbe captured coluri)n at Lady
smith and quoting official figures for other losses in the
American and British armies, the comparison stands as
fallows:
America (entire war) — Killed, 23 officers, 255 men;
wounded, 113 officers, 1456 men; captured, none. Total,
1847.
British (thus far) — Killed, 19 officers, 137 men; wounded,
61 officers. 492 roen; captured, officers and men, 1207.
Total, 1915.
LONDON, Nov. 2.— Tuesday
and Wednesday have passed
practically without any news
•■i the front, says the
v Telegraph, in summarizing
var situation. Up to a late
• this morning the War <, )ffice
no information to show that
eith< had made a fresh
• graphing on Monday
it, General White said that
the security of Ladysmith was in
ted. In his telegram
General Whil the story, so
is it is known, of the lost col
umn, which was much more lim
in number than early esti
mat- sented. It consisted
enth .Mountain battery,
with probably ioo men; four and
a half companies of the (ilouc.es
ters and six companies of the
Irish Fusileers. These regiments
had already suffered severely, so
that the companies would be
short of their usual complement.
The column probably numbered
?. little over iooo men. On Sun
clay night it was sent out to clear
General White's left flank, the
objective point being an emi
nence some four miles north of
Ladysmith. The night march
FRENCH SOCIETY TO AID TRANSVAAL.
I'ARIS, Nov. I.— A society has been founded to render assistance to the
Transvaal Government. Colonel Monteil is president and Francois <V>ppe,
Jules L^maitre, Henri Rochefort and Drumont, proprietor of Libre Parole,
are right honorary presidents.
The organization is enrolling volunteers to fight for the Boers, and the
promoters claim that more than 300 have volunteered. They have difficulty,
however, in finding the necessary funds, and it is doubtful whether I>r.
Leyds, ih.> s;><t;:!1 . of the Transvaal Government in Europe,
will be able !■> supply these. I'n^r these conditions the whole movement,
which is in the hands of the most violent section of the Nationalists and the
Anti-Semites, may collapse.
MAJOR GENERAL SIR ARCHIBALD HUNTER,
The hero of Abu-Hamed and now General White's chief of etaff, who com
mVl .ifi..,i tho British right in the battle at Ladysmith on October 30.
The San Francisco Call
seems to have been successful un-
til the mules carrying extra infan
try ammunition were stampeded
by boulders rolled from the hills.
The battery mules soon followed
with the whole gun equipment.
The gallantry of the troops
was superb. At once they fixed
bayonets and seized the neigh
boring hill. There they were oc
cupied till dawn constructing de
fenses. There was little molesta
tion of them till 9:30 o'clock,
when the enemy received strong
reinforcements and pressed terri
bly. At t. o'clock the brave band
found their ammunition at an
end. and the position was capitu
lated. Each man general!} carries
too rounds, so it may be sure chat
the attacking force paid dearly for
its success. It is due to the Boers
to remember that they treated the
wounded with humanity, and
General Joubert promptly of
fered General White safe conduct
for doctors and ambulances.
There are two naval brigades
operating in South Africa. One,
under Commander Ethelstan. is
below Orange River, guarding
the northern frontier of Cape
Colony, and the other, under
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
STARS AND STRIPES IN SOUTH AFRICA.
On the hank of the Sabi River and the main road from Delagoa Ray to the Lydenburgh gold mines Is a store
kept by an American named Jordan. On a pole in front of the store the stars and stripes are raised each morning
at sunrise and lowered at sunset. At this point Portuguese and Transvaal territory meet; It Is capable of being
Btrongly fortified, and may be the scene of a battle in the near future. Jordan was born in New York City, and his
boyhood was pasßed on the Bowery. He emigrated to South Africa nearly thirty years ago and established himself in
this location, where he has accumulated a handsome fortune. The picture is from a sketch made by J. Harrington
of this city.
command of Hon. Iledworth
Lambton, captain of the Power
ful, who was Hag lieutenant to
Lord Alcester at Alexandria, did
splendid service in Monday's ac
tion at Ladysmith. Captain
Lambton had traveled from Dur
ban to Ladysmith, where he ar
rived in the nick of time with sev
eral 4.7-inch quick-tiring guns,
and probably one or more 6-inch
guns, of which the Powerful car
ries twelve. lie lias about 500
men with him.
The Cabinet council held yes
:<ii called in conseq
uence of the reverse sustained at
Ladysmith. as summonses were
issued two days before the receipt
of the dispatch from General
White.
THE CAPTURED
COLUMN WAS
"SACRIFICED"
LONDON". Nov. 2.— The break-down of
the Delapnn Bay cable route, combined
with the monopolization of the available
telegraph line? by the Government and
British staff officers, in responsible for the
fact that nothing further has arrived
j from South Africa. The Government has
received dispatches rectifying: the casual
ty lists. These will he published to-day.
Up to midnight nothing had been re
ceiver! concerning Monday's casualties.
The War Office officials are working under
great strain. Captain Perriott, staff cap
tain to the military secretary, has just
died, his end being hastened by anxiety
and overwork.
An unconfirmed statement is published
that Sir Redvers Buller has left Cape
Town for Ladyamlth.
A belated dispatch from I,advsmith, de
scribing Monday's fight, says: "A couple
nf squadrons of Hussars bad a narrow es
cape from disaster early in the day. They
found themselves suddenly fronted, with
in easy range, by an overwhelming force
of Boers, who seemed to spring from the
bowels 'if the earth. The hussars were
splendidly handled, and were extricated
with only one man wounded."
The Queen is credited with expressing
Bincere pity for Sir George Stewart White,
and the officials are in no wise inclined to
judge him harshly. So far as the public Is
concerned, however, while gratification is
felt at the manner in which the isolated
battalions surrendered, there is still se
BRITISH STATESMEN SPEAK
OF THE WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA
Lord Hamilton Declares England Is Not in Quest of
Profit, but Is Fighting fop the Common
Benefit of Mankind,
LONDON. Nov. l.— Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of
Btate for India, speaking at Baling this evening regard
ing the situation in South Africa, paid: "Our ultimate
victory Ifl certain, and when the terms which we as vic
tors will propose to the vanquished are known foreign
nations will see that the main cause which has forced ua to
embark upon this conflict is not a desire of pecuniary profit nor
. l territorial aggrandisement, hut a determination to emanci
pate a vast territory for the common benefit of mankind from
an Ignoble and degrading tyranny."
The Earl of Belborne, Under Secretary of the Colonies,
Bpeaking at Dumfries, said: "It is not the fault of the states
men of the Transvaal that wo have not become embroiled with
some European power. If hostilities had not come when they
did they would have come at some moment of national danger
and difficulty."
Baron Tweedmouth, former Parliamentary Secretary to the
Treasury, speaking at Edinburgh, said: "The public mind has
not been so moved since the news of the dreadful events of the
Indian mutiny. We unfortunately are warring with a nation of
the same stock and religion as ourselves. At this crisis all
hearts go out to the brave Boers and to the small British army
in Natal, which against fearful odds has performed magnificent
features of valor. It is not the time to call our opponents
names or to utter cries of vengeance, but to back up her Ma
jesty's Ministers, who have a fearful, yes, an awful responsi
bility upon their shoulders."
The Earl o£ Carrinuton. Liberal. Boeaklne at Buckingham.
j vere criticism of General White and Lieu
tenant Colonel Carleton for allowing the
I column to got out of touch, for the ab
sence of proper scouting? and for not retir
ing when the ammunition was lost. In
favor of Lieutenant Colonel Carleton the
explanation is hazarded that he believed it
was imperative to the success of General
White's operations that he should hold
1 the position at Nicholsons Nek.
The Morning Post comments severely
! upon the British contempt for the enemy,
as shown by the belief that the large Boer
] force at Acton Homes could be held in
I check by Carleton's small column. It
] points out that even if the British there
had been supplied with ammunition, they
could have held out only a few hours
longer, Inasmuch as they were in the most
complete sense detached, and because no
body apparently at J.adysmlth had any
: idea of their distress or took any meas
ures to rescue them.
"The column was sacrificed," says the
: Morning Post. "becau*o it was sent into
action gagged and ^:<id£ f >!<itK'- . , It had
! neither scout nor patrol. Twelve hundred
men were thrown away for lack of cav
alry which would not have been missed
from another part of the field."
The Standard, which comments in simi
j lar terms upon "the fact that General
White made no effort to extricate the col
umn from the impossible situation into
which he had thrust it," draws a sad pic
ture of the men "hoping for relief and
then realizing with bitterness of heart
that some one had blundered, that they
had been forgotten by their general and
his staff, and that nothing was left but
surrender and imprisonment at Pretoria
! until the end of the war."
The Daily Chronicle says: "It is evident
that somebody blundered, but more details
are required before the blame can be ap
portioned."
BRITONS YET WORRIED.
LONDON, Nov. L— The gloom caused ]
by the British disaster at Ladysmith was
In a measure relieved by to-day's story j
< giving an account of the heroic stand
: made by the decimated battalions until :
their last cartridges were gone. The
British nerve was momentarily shaken
! by General White's use of the word "oa- ;
, pitulate" in his Brat telegram, but now j
> that it is known that the Gloucesters and i
Fualleera fought against overwhelming
odds and upheld the host traditions of the
British army the tension has been re
lieved, since there is no longer any
ground to dread that the loss of life was
accompanied by dishonor,
The details to-day show the catastro
phe in a brighter aspect. The full bat
talions were imi engaged and therefore
the list of prisoners is materially reduced,
while the disaster now appears to have
been not so much the consequence of de
fects in the plan of action as to a mis
fortune whereby the column was deprived
of Its ammunition. Still, it seems incom
prehensible why the plight of the luck- I
less column was not known at head
quarters, as the scene of the surrender
was only about three miles northwest of I
gave expression to virtually the same' convictions.
The Earl of Lonsdale, honorary colonel of the Third Bat
talion, border regiment, at a banquet this evening at "White
Haven, declared his confidence In General White, the British
commander In Natal, and predicted a grand review in Pre
toria next March. Referring to Emperor William's celebrated
telegram to President Kroger at the time of the failure of the
Jameson raid. Lord Lonsdale said: "If his Majesty's dispatch
had been rightly understood it would have had a totally dif
ferent effect. It was sent with a view of alleviating two sores.
It was not antagonistic to Great Britain. I have the pleasure
to know the views of the German Emperor and they are in
accordance with the views of England."
EDINBURGH, Nov. I.— Lord Rosebery. toasting the "Army
and Navy" at a banquet given this evening by the Lord Pro
vost of Edinburgh to the officers of the Gordon Highlanders
and the Scots Greys, referred to the reverse in Natal and said:
"It Is much to be regretted, but in a considerable campaign we
must look out for such incidents. It is not in the nature of
Britons to take much notice of them. We, have had a good
many of the same kind and have generally got out right in
the end. But 'whatever, happens we must see this thing
through, even if it should cost still more battalions and still
more millions. Some- day there will be an Inquisition as to the
preparations made for this , war, but the time for that is not
now. Our duty now Is to support those who have the direction
of affairs."
Ladysmith, and Lieutenant Colonel Oarl
ton must h;L\e expected relif-f to reach
liim or instead of attempting to occupy
a defensive position he would have re
traced his steps to Ladysmith when he
suffered the loss of his ammunition.
Apart from General White's statement
that the losses are very numerous there
is nothing to indicate the extent of them
except a vague report that the soldier
who brought the news to Ladysmith said
the British dead and wounded were lying
in heaps and that hundreds needed doc
tors. This, however, is hardly borne out
by the long list of captured officers.
' The concluding sentence of General
j White's dispatch relative to the safety
j of Ladysmith was received here with a
certain reserve in view of the fact that
similar official assurances were given re
cently at Dundee and Glencoe, and there
. is intense anxiety for news of the re
newed attack, which is not mentioned in
! the dispatches.
The calamity ha? served ..to alarm th«».
British and their friends. The papers
i comment on the splendid reserve of
patriotism existing in the far-away col
onies and ; the deep-seated feeling of
friendship and sympathy of the great
kindred nation across the Atlantic.
FOR A HOSPITAL SHIP.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The American La
dies' Hospital Ship Committee met at
AValsingham House to-day, Lady Ran
dolph Churchill presiding. Among those
present were the Countess of Essex. Mes
dames Reynolds, Van Duse, Field, Ar
thur Paget, Frewen and others. The
subscriptions to-day include: D. O.
Mills, £200; Mrs. Henry White, £20; the
San Francisco Examiner, £25; the Du
chess of Marlborough, £100, and Coun
tess Clarke de Sellers and Mrs. Hani
man, £50 The fund now amounts to be
tween £7000 and £8000, while one American
drug firm in London offers an entire med
ical outfit. The Maine, which the owners
of the Atlantic Transport Line gave to
the Government for a hospital ship, is
now at Tltebury. on the Thames, where
Fletcher, Son & Fearnall are docking the
ship gratis. Lady Churchill is busy cor
responding with Miss Clara Barton and
others of the American Red Cross So
ciety. She proposed to devote any surplus
above the cost of equipping the Maine
to sending out a thoroughly equipped land
ambulance corps.
Mr. Choate, the T'nited States Erahas
p:\ilor, and Mrs. Choate have expressed
great personal interest in the movement,
the diplomatic position of Mr. Choate pre
venting official participation in it. An
other of the day's subscribers to the fund
w:is .1. K. Keene of New York, who con
tributed £500.
FOUR OFFICERS CANNOT GO.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The British Govern
ment has been obliged to refuse permis
sion for the United States to send four
officers to watch the Transvaal war, ow
ing to the precedent which only permits
one representative from each recognized
FOUGHT UNTIL THEIR
AMMUNITION WAS GONE
According to General White s Report the
British Troops Battled Gamely Until
Captured by the Boers.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The British war Office to-day mnr!f> public a dispatch re
ceived from General White, describing the operations of Monday. It follows:
"Ladysmith, Oct. 31, 7:30 p. m.— l took out from Ladysmith a brigade of
mounted troops, two brigade divisions of the Royal Artillery, the Natal
Field Battery and two brigades of Infantry, to reconnoiter in force the ene
my's position to the north, and, if the opportunity should offer, to capture the
hill behind Farquhar's farm, which had on the previous day been held in strength
by the enemy. In connection with this advance a column consisting of the Tenth
Mountain Artillery, four half companies of the Gloucesters and six companies of
the Royal Irish Fusileers, the whole under Lieutenant Colonel Carlton and Major
Adye, deputy assistant adjutant gf-nernl, was dispatched at 11 p. m. on the 2Sth to
march by night up Bellspruit, and seize Nicholsons Nek, or some position near
Nicholsons Nek, thus turning the enemy's right flank. The main advance was
successfully carried out, the objective of the attack being found evacuated, and
an artillery duel between our field batteries and the enemy's guns and Maxims is
understood to have caused heavy loss to the enemy. The reconnaissance forced
the enemy to fully disclose his position, and, after a strong counter attack on our
right, the infantry brigade and cavalry having been repulsed, the troops were
slowly withdrawn to camp, pickets beintr left on observation. Late in the en
gagement the naval contingent under Captain Lambton of her Majesty's steam
ship Powerful, came into action and silenced, with their extremely accurate tire,
the enemy's guns in position.
"The circumstances which attended the movement of Lieutenant Colonel Carl
ton's column are not yet fully known, but from reports received the column ap
pears to have carried out the night march unmolested until within two miles of
Nicholsons Nek. At this point big boulders rolled from the hill and a few rifle
shots stampeded the military ammunition mules. The stampede spread to the
battery mules, which broke loose from their leaders and got away with practically
the whole of the gun equipment and the greater portion of the regimental small
arm ammunition. The reserve was similarly lost.
"The infantry battalions, however, fixed bayonets and. accompanied by the
personnel of the artillery, seized a hill on the left of the road, two miles from the
Nek, with but little opposition. Thero they remained unmolested until dawn, the
time being occupied in organizing the defense of the hill and constructing stone
sangars and walls as cover from lire. At dawn a skirmishing attack on our posi
tion was commenced by the enemy, but made no way until 9:30 a. m., when rein
forcements enabled them to rush to the attack with • -eat energy. Their fire be
came very searching and two companies of the Gloucesters. in an advanced posi
tion, were ordered to fall back. The enc-my then pressed to short range, the losse3
on our side becoming very numerous.
"At 3 p. m. our -ammunition wa.s practically exhausted, the position was cap
tured and the survivors of the column fell into the enemy's hands. The enemy
treated our wounded with great humanity, General Joubert at once dispatching a
letter to me offering a safe conduct to doctors and ambulances to remove the
wounded. A medical officer and parties to render first aid to the wounded were
dispatched to the scene of action from Ladysmith last night, and the ambulance at
dawn mis morning.
"The want of success of the column was due to the misfortune of the mulea
stampeding and the consequent loss of the guns and small-arm ammunition re
serve. The official list of casualties and prisoners will be reported shortly. The
latter are understood to have been sent by rail to Pretoria. The security of Lady
smith is in no way affected."
power. Captain Stephen l'HommediPU
Sloc-um, the United Stales military at
tache at Lisbon, has been selected. He
was In London to-day buyink an outfit,
and sailfl Saturday. Colonal Samuel b.
Sunnier, the United Suites military at
tache here, remains In London.
SOME STRAGGLERS ESCAPE.
LONDON. Nov. I.— A special dispatch
from Pietermaritzburpr, dated Tuesday
morning, says: Stragglers from the Glou
cest< rshire npiment are arriving at Lady
smith. A number of mules, with a portion
of the mountain battery, art- also coming
in.
PRAYS FOR MEDIATION.
BKRLIN. Nov. I.— The Tageblatt says
Count Rothmc-r. president of the German
Peace Societies, has telegraphed to Queen
Victoria, praying her to accept the medi
ation of the Tinted States in the war with
the Transvaal.
BRIEF CABINET MEETING.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The Cabinet meeting
YULE'S FIFTY-EIGHTH CASUALTIES.
Killed 5, Wounded 15, Missing 38.
LONDON, Nov. L— The War Office issued the following additional list of
fifty-eight casualties sustained by General Yule's force from the time of the
battle of Glencoe until it joined the force of Sir George White:
Kings Rifles— Killed. 4; wounded, 13.
Leicestershire Regiment— Wounded. 1: missing, 9.
Artillery— Killed, 1; wounded. 1; missing, 2.
Mounted Infantry— Missing, 27.
The last mentioned were attached to the squadron of the Eighteenth
Hussars that was entrapped by the Boers. They were undoubtedly captured
With the Hussars.
CAPTAIN H. LAMBTON,
Of the British cruiser Powerful, commanding: the naval brigade at Lad^.
:.mith, whose heavy guns did such timely a d effective work for General
White's army.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to-day was exceptionally brief, but after
ward the Defense Committee of the Cab
inet, consisting of the Duke of Devon
shire, A. J. Balfour, the Marquis of
Lansdowne and Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, met at the Foreign Office and held
a long conference with the commander-in
chiof of the'l'brces. Field" Marshal Lord
■\Volseley.
DUEL AT LADYSMITH.
LONDON, Nov. 1. — It was announced
to-day in a special dispatch from Lady
smith that the Boers again closed around
that place -on Monday night, sending
shells into the British camp. The iwo
guns landed from the British cruiser
Powerful opened fire on the Boers ;.t
dawn Tuesday. The Boers brought up
more guns, but some of them were ?i
--lenced. It is added that the Boers' loss
must have been heavy. The garrison of
Ladysmith is described as being in good
I spirits and confident, and the troops are
said to be full of fight. The artillery duel
' was still in progress Tuesday night.2
MUST RECONSIDER
BRITISH CLAIMS
Washington's Instruc-
tions to Hawaii.
NOTIFIED TO TAKE ACTION
DEMANDS FOR DAMAGES FOR
IMPRISONMENT.
United States Government Disap
proves of Damon's Mission to
Italy With Inducements
for Colonization.
♦
Special Correspondence of Th* Call.
HONOLULU, Oct. 25. Special Agent
Harold M Bewail yesterday handed to
the Hawaiian Government thre< letters,
nil of whlcb ar< i mportant. They
come from Washington and are official.
The first am] most important refers to
tho claims of British and other residents
for damagi s for Imprisonment during the
. with iho com
munication la the opinion of Attorney
Generai Gripgs In relation to the matter.
He argu - ases In a general way, and
finally recommends that tho matti i
ick to the Hawaiian Govern
ment with Instri act. In other
words, the merit of tljo claims is ac-
I. No Indi - ;ir- par- !
tieulariy specified. It is recomnv ■
rnment make settle
rt satisfactory to the par
ties.
Hawaiian Government will fust
carefully consider the opinion of tin .x;
--!t is quit< long, and
tains ,i number of new points. Then, un
-51 will be taken up
separately and red.
Th. tter, and one of great im
portai lon to Minister l>a
mon's trip to Italy. This comes directly
from tho Secretary of State to Special
Agent Bewail, and ; s transmitted by him
: .a I le:t>,/ > to the Hawaiian Qev
eni Minister I »ole di i dis
the communication. It la undersi
however, that the United Stat< Govern
ment disapproves of the mission of Mr. i
1 'a moii.
It is stated that tho Government will
first consider carefully tho communication
before acting upon it. Nothing was done
in regard •■ is mornin
far as ran ho learned.
This is one of the most interesting of j
: Minister Damon
ere some months ago to enlist In
Italy laborers for the plantations, or,
rath< : the way fur drawing on
urn provinces of that country
n of the Held labor required .
re was at Washington either a
approval of the miss
ms that there has Blnce sprung <jp
tion about it.
• r u;,s in relai
of Foreign Affairs.
It ma ■ ained that some tlm<
there that the nan
I to that of the
■ ■ -pond wit!
the central Government, and
r itli the £ ■■ . . rai
■ i ;■■;■• rnn
■ ■
. but nuir.
tain i wera to 1
-. The Bu] *
thai
•
I
Secre
tary i
The Wa i - rules ■
that th<
the office may r its old I
■
Tho funeral of the late Minister James
A. k: . n the itith.
from tho i xecutive building
unship Newark
m G | Mis morn
n Admiral Watson's j
t Manila. The c ruis. r will rnmain |
ree days.
formerly Attorney
luntry, nas been so 1 . ■
: at
ssion
the delegai the Planters'
Join
work will be to supply in
formal - e n
- up.
The - • y. p
terdaj th 705 mese
ird. The vessel will
• 111 probably k><
States an
■-. She was built as ■ trans
■md will be hotter fo? merit
mulos than any steamer
now in 1 : vice.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON
SAILS FOR HOME.
Is Tendered an Ovation by the Peo
ple of New York
City.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— Sir Thomas Up.
ton sailed to-day for his horn.- in England.
H* received a surprising tribute of the
•n In which he la held by a great
many • pit . In a kind of a triumphal
march through s< veral downtown streets
and a great reci ptlon at the American
line pifr. where he weni on board tl
Louis, and a Beries of informal receptions
from thousands of people. He also re
j word 'if :!)• n of the
lovinp cup, which will be ready by Christ
map for him.
Th<- yacht Shamrock and her convoy
the steam yacht Erin, did not start to-d y
upon their voyage back to "England, as
was Intended. The weather was Btormy
nnd it was deemed prudent on that ac
count to delay the departure <>f the
boats. The yachts l the St
Louis some distance down the bay and*
sipnals wtTc exchanged between the liner
and the Krin. after which the yachts r
turned and anchored off Tompkinsvfle
STUDENTS CELEBRATE.
"Plug Ugly" Night a Success at
Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. l._
The junior class to-night gave its annual
celebration and ceremony attendant upon
the adoption of the class hat, upon the
campus. The affair is called the "Plug
Tgly" and consists of a programme of
"grinds" up"n the other Masses given .in
i!<r a lurM pyrotechnic display. A large
audience witnessed tt> ceremony, which
was creditably performed.
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
truggisbs; all sorts of people use it.
NEW YORK PROSPECTORS
MEET WITH DISASTER
News Brought by -the Roanoke^ Vv^hieh Arrived
at Seattle With a Million Dollars From
Cape Nome.
SEATTLE, Nov. I.— The treasure]
ship Roannke. which reached here |
sixteen days from St. Michael and
en days from «"ape Nome .his
morning, brings the first sf-ry
of tbe death of several New York
ers, members of an Alaskan prospecting
company. The dead are:
MR. A.Vu MRS SMIL KUHNER.
OSCAR BECKER, and a man whose
name is unknown.
Becker's body was washed on the beach
at St. Michael Island, and laterwere found
crtuined steamer and a scow loaded
with machinery, which represented the
assets of tho company. Two survivors
are John Becker and Theo Diederick.
The news was brought to St. Michael
by natives who claim to have seen the
steamer overturn during a severe wind
storm which prevailed about September
15. The Government launch Nordlca was
detailed to the scene of tho accident. She
r two days later with the scow and
Oscar Becker's body, owing to the high
surf, the crew of the Nordlca could not
make an examination of the overturned
steamer, which no doubt contained the
bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Kuhner and the
unknown man.
Upon Becker's body were found papers,
but owing to their water-soaked condition
thoy wore not legible. The party was
made up in New York City In the spring
SIX CRUISERS TO
BE CONSTRUCTED
Bids Opened at the
Navy Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Bids were
opened at the Navy Department for the
construction of six sheathed and cop-
red cruisers authorized by the last
naval appropriation bill. These vessels
will be of about 3200 tons displacement,
a little larger than the Raleigh and Cin
cinnati class. The speed is to be not
less than 164 knots. The new ships will
have twin screws and a battery com
posed of ten 5-inch guns, eight 6-pound
ers. two 1 pounders and four machine
The limit of cost tiled br.Congreas.iek^
elusive of armament, is .51.141.500 each.
and it Is provided that not more than
two of these vessels shall be built in one
yard.
" The bids follow:
Moran Bro. & Co., Seattle ""'ash., one vessel
on the department's plans, $1,122,000.
William R. Trigs & Co., Richmond. \a,. one
vessel: department's plans, }1.0./,ow.
Same company, bidders 1 plans, one ye«<*l for
51 044 <K>o «peed guaranteed 18 knots. Two ves
sel* same trpe, for $.t37, 000 each.
Same company, bidders' plans, one vessel for
$1,073,000. Same type, two vessels, for 11,00, WO
"lame company, bidders' plans guaranteed
speed of v.. knots, one vessel for U. 0.9,000.. 9,000. Two
Fall Rtver Engine Company, Bralntree, Mass.,
tv,., vessels, same- type. $1,020,000. -
Fnrmr company, bidders' plans, speed of. 18
knots and Eunice* capacity S«8 tons, one vessel
rorVltO^OOO; Two vessels of the same type.
Sl Ham""''o^ny. bidders' plans, displacement
8200 tons, speed mi knots, one vessel torJIVM.
-(jMi Two vessels, same type, each $1 .060. 5C0
Burlee DrydocV Company, Port Richmond,
SUten Island. N. V., department's plans, one
V< N«fl* 0I & Ship and Engine Building
Company, Philadelphia, department's plans, one
■ -
owney, New York, one , vessel.
builders' plans, J1.009.W0. Two for $1,055,000
"same bidders, department's plans one vessel.
iv tOO Two vessels, same type. Jouo.(W"j each
Columbia Iron Works. Baltimore, one vessel,
department's plans. $1, 116,000.
Union Iron Works. San Francisco, one ves
sel department's plans, J1.0U.900.
' Bath Iron Works, Bath. Me., one vessel, de.
partment's plans, $1.041, fi»0.
Lewis Nixon, Ellzabethport, N. J-, one ves
sel department's plans. 039.966.
COLONEL KERRIGAN
HAS PASSED AWAY
Once Landed a Cargo of Arms and
Ammunition on the Irish
Coast.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1. -Colonel James E.
Kerrigan died in Brooklyn to-day, aged
72 yearß. He Berved in the Mexican war.
He was a Representative in Congress in
SS and when the Civil War broke out
became a colonel of the Twenty-filth New
Yurk Volunteers. In L 867 ho commanded
the vessel Erin's Hope which landed
arms and munitions of war on the Irish
Hir next adventure was with the
Walker expedition in Nicaragua, lie be
came Alcalde of one of th»; towns, and
when Walker was shot was Burrounded
bj enemlea, fie drove all the prominent
Nicaraguans in the town Into a cathe
drai filled the collar with gunpowder and
then exacted hla own liberty by threaten
ing to blow up the building ana every one
in it lie went to the Klondike last spring
and was taken 111 at Dawson and obliged'
to return. He succumbed to a surgical
operation.
CHARTER FOR CALIFORNIA
NAVAL COMMANDERY
National Body Admits the Branch
Recently Formed in the
Golden State.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— A meeting of the
General Council of the Naval Order of the
I nltfd States vas ht-Ul to-night at Del- I
monlco'e to grant a charter to the new. j
cummandery of the order recently formed |
in the State of California, with headquar
ter^ at San Francisco. The general com
: mander of the order, Rear Admiral John
Walker, was unable to be present, and !
I Rear Admiral John W. Philip. D. S. N.. !
, presided. The charter was granted by
1 unanimous vote.
Following the meeting of the general
council the annual meeting ot the new
York commandery for the election of of
ficers for the ensuing year was held, and
Admiral George Dewey was elected com
mander.
STEAMER FOUNDERS
NEAR CHARLESTON
Captain Believed to Be the Only One
Saved Out of a Crew of
Thirteen.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. I.— A dispatch
received by the Maritime Exchange here
I to-day from Charleston, S. C. says the
! steamer George L. Colwell, Captain Gas-
I kill, from Fernandtna for New York, has
foundered. The captain is the only one
saved.
The steamer George L. Oolwell was built
at Bay City, Mich., in 1890. She registered
j 317 tons net ami was 154.1 feet lon*, 30.7
j feet beam and 10.9 feet deep. She was
I owned by the Yellow Pino Company of
this city, and carrifd lumber exclusively
from southern ports to New York. The
company has confirmed the loss of the
) steamer and states that the number of
l men lost was probably twelve.
Fatal Explosion.
SHEFFIELD. Nov. I.— A boiler explo
sion at the steel works of Southern &
Richardson hero to-day killed four and
injured twenty persons.
Evans' Ale
Two rears la wood— ten months in bottle*
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, [NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
of U9B. The Beckers and Kuhners lived,
it is said, at 110 Kast Soventy-tirst street.
The Beckers, it Is said, were people In
confer table circumstances. Kuhner, who
was a jeweler, had married a Miss Becker,
The family formed a party and purchased
a small iron steamer and named It the
Jennie K. it was shipped to Seattle last
June, and from hero sent to St. Michael
on a steamer. From there the party
sailed for Hamilton station.
Severe Morms were encountered, ana
other difficulties caused considerable dls-
Benston. <me day. it is said. Kuhner
threatened to shoot Oscar Becker and
Diederick. John Becker left the party on
January 1. Later Oscar Becker and
Diederick deserted and took up new
quarters. Oscar Berker rejoined the
original party later, but J"lm Becker and
Diederick secured other positions. Diede
rick said t<> an Associated Press repre
sentative at St. Michael, who interviewed
him on October 5:
"The last I saw of tho party was on
September 3. Then the steamer was an
d in midstream between Kucklik
and Hamilton on the Yukon. Th«y were
probably on their way to Cape Nome.
Mrs. Becker, the mother, liveH at the
party's former borne on Bast Seventy-first
street, in New York City."
owing to the lateness of the season It
will be Impossible to make further search
for th' missing bodies.
TRYING TO SETTLE
SAMOAN QUESTION
Three Powers Continue
Negotiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LONDON, Nov. l.— While the Bamoan
; negotiations continue it can be said defi
nitely that they are in such a condition
that there is small possibility of reaching
an agreement in the near future. The
United States has notified the Foreign
Office that it heartily indorses the propo
sition for the government of Samoa by
lone power, but that bo far no plan has
| been suggested which appears satisfac
tory to ii.' United States. •
\\ AbHijNGION, Nov. i.— The negotia
tions lor the partition of the uamoan Isl
! anas are proceeding rapidiy, ana omciala
' here, would not ti< BUiprjaed ;i 8 tinal
agreement were reached in the near, fu
ture. '1 he discussion wnieh is going on
in London with the coroperatioii "i the
authorities here and in ran has brought
out certain essential features on wiitcii
all three powers— Britain, Germany
and the United States— appear to be
agreed. At the outset it is stated that
the determination was reached that the
tripartite government of the group snould
i come to an end and that not more than
two powers — and preferably one- should
govern the islands. it soon developed
! that an agreement was not likely to be
; reached giving the entire group to. one
. power, but the chances seemed good for
an agreement that two powers divide the
islands, thus giving a dual government in
place of the present unwieldy tripartite
arrangement. *-•?• ■ • •--■ • .-- ■ -
It seemed to be generally accepted by
: the negotiators, that tl/e -United States
would.be one of the two powers to be
! represented and that the island of Tu
tuilla, on which the harbor of Pago Pago
'■ is located, would naturally fall to the lot
of the United States. It is understood
that the British authorities quite fully
coincided with this view, and while the
Germans seemed to regard it favorably,
it was left open for more mature approval
by the Berlin authorities. In conceding
this island and harbor to the United
States account was taken of the fact that
if an agreement were reached on that
point it would still be for the United
States Senate to give its approval to the
arrangement. One of the remaining isl
ands. Upola. is of much value, while the
other. Savail, is practically valueless. ■
It is suggested that Great Britain cede
the Gilbert and Solomon islands to Ger
many, the latter retiring from Samoa.
The Fiji Islands and some other points
also have been considered during the dis
cussion, but thus far Germany has not
! acted favorably on the suggestion and
! there have been evidences that she pre
-1 fern to retain her interests and make
compensation to Great Britain. This re
mains open and appears to be the chief
point remaining in the way of a final ad
justment.
The foregoing outline was given to-day
in quarters well informed on the general
; lines of the negotiations, although it was
with this reservation, that the under
standings were merely formative and still
open to material change.
JUSTICES REAP
A RICH HARVEST
Hundreds of Suits Filed
in San Jose.
Pp»Hnl Dlnpatrh to The Call.
RAN JOSE. Nov. 1.-Thf> failure of the
Tnion Savin*?* Bank Is proving a verita
ble prold mine to the Justices of the Peace
of this city and both courts are loaded
down with complaints In suits brought by
depositors against the stockholders of
that institution.
To-day 1115 suits were filed in Justice
Rosenthal's court. The attorneys in the
cases are Archer 1 & Archer. They repre
sent seventeen plaintiffs, as follows: Anne
Criste. S. R. Johnston, Alexander Fili
pelio, Reta 'Johnston, H. R. .Fisher, Jennie
Johnston, Patrick and Kate Ilanrahan,
P. R. Wells, Lizzie E. Johnston, Mary
.Laederich, Ida B. White, Mark Johnston
Tillie Bodell, S. C. Beau.' Hattie A. Timo
thy. Joseph A. Barker and 11. F. Woeal.
Separate suits are filed against some 150
stockholders for I 'their' prorata liability
to plaintiffs as depositors. Anne. Criste
and five others have each sued ■ 128 sepa
rate stockholders,' and the other ; plaintiffs
have sued from that 1 number down to a
dozen. The amounts demanded :in the
suits range from 25.cents. to $80.
A summons has been issued , In each
case, and already some of the small stock
holders have settled. .
If Justice Rbsenthal collects the regular
fees prescribed by law in each case over
$5000 will jingle in his pocket, while the
Constables will rake in about $1200 for
serving the summons. As this comes un
der the head of civil business the State
gets none of the fees.- ■
The fees as prescribed by law are $2
when each case has been filed, $2 addi
tional if judgment by default i.« entered
and $1 more if a trial is had. This makes
a total of $."> for the Justice in each case.
In case an appeal is taken from the Jus
tice court another $1.50 must be paid.
Constables can collect 50 cents for each
summons served. * .
It Is not likely these fees will be collect
ed, and it Is more than likely that Justice
Rosenthal has agreed to take a stipulated
sum for. the batch of complaints. ..' j
: Archer & Archer still represent some
thirty additional plaintiffs, and in : a few
days will file nearly 3000 more suits.
Justice Wallace's court has been not
the less favored, and hundreds of suits
have been filed there since the bank fail
ure. ;■.;
The Impression prevails now about town
that a Justice court is better •„■ than a
Klondike claim, and there will be a Brand
rush for the places when the next elec
tion comes around. Besides all civil
business; the Justices get a salary." of $2000
per year.
The Roanoke had on board, according
to her owners, drafts and dust from Cape
Nome amounting to $1,000,000. The prin
cipal portion of this Is represented by
drafts held by John Brynteson, Jafet
Llndeberg, P. S. Anderson and C. W. A.
K.llllman. four of the original locators of
the ramp. There were fully 200 others on
board with dust valued at from $500 to
$15,000 each, a largo portion of the same
being beach dust.
The principal holdings are about as
follows; Llndeberg and Brynteson,
$400,000; J. R. Anderson, $100,000; C. W. A.
Kjillman, $75,000; N. I. K. Hatch. $50,000;
F. Bchow, $.30,000: H. C. Wilkinson, $30,000.
«>\\ing to the alleged impurity of the
■water at Nome typhoid fever was quite
p-t.-neral at the time the Roanoke left, and
twelve deaths had occurred. Six of the
patients who were sufficiently veil to
travel came down on the Roanoke In the
big staterooms which were fixed up as a
temporary hospital. Jafet Llndeberg,
one of Cape Nome's richest men, was
among the unfortunates.
James H. Girllnt. a well known Eng
lish mining expert, who went north last
June for the Anglo-Alaskan syndicate,
diod October 22 on board the Roanoke at
Dutch Harbor. Typhoid fever caused his
death. At T'nalaska the body was pre
pared tor burial at the Bessie Lee Home
111111 later interred. He has spent about
twenty years In South Africa, but con
sidered London his home.
FALLING WALLS
CRUSH OUT LIFE
Collapse of a Six-Story
Building.
Sj^ciai Dtapatch to Thp Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. I.— Three men are
known to have perished and three others
are reported missing as the result of the
collapse of a six-story building at 139 and
141 \ • .- ■ Lake street this evening. Con
siderable damage was done to adjoining
property, and during the excitement It
was reported that as many as forty lives
had been lost. About $200,000 damage was
done. The dead:
•'"-> B. Doctor, barn foreman for the
New Kngland Mills Company, caught In
i U u Pi l of building at time of explosion
ana body recovered by firemen.
l'rankiin S. Hanson, proprietor New
Kngland Mills Company, body removed
by tin men, badly burned.
Henry Hilton, bookkeeper for New Eng
inad Mills Company, body under the
wreckage near where that of his em
ployer was recovered.
'Mi.- missing: Charles Mullens, peddler,
last seen struggling to reach an exit after
the Leonard building had collapsed and
burled in the ruins of the mill; unidenti
fied woman, said to have been caught by
the portion of the Leonard building wail
that tell into the street; C. Williams ad
o' 5 I f \, not known, employe of Leonard
Seed Company.
The cause of the 1 collapse is unknown,
some claiming that there was an explo
sion in the store of S. F. Leonard, dealer
In seeds, others saying that the walls fell
without apparent cause." The generally
accepted theory is that there was an ex
plosion of dust in thy seed store.
The, crash came with less than one min
ute > warning, and Mr. Leonard, who no
ticed the walls of the building shift slight
y, called to his employes to run for their
lives, and without a second's delay they
rushed for the street, the last of them
getting through the doorway Just in time
After reaching the street the women
employes of Leonard rushed into the
home of Mrs. Agnes Whelan, 135 Lake
street. Mrs. Whelan, however, noticed
that the house was in danger and refused
to allow the women to remain. In
less than half a minute the east
wall fell and the house, together with the
adjoining one. was buried beneath the
ruins. Adjoining Mrs. Whelan's house
and next to the seed building stood a two
story frame structure occupied by Kelso
Bros., dealers in paper. A number of
young girls and two men were at work at
the time and a panic followed In their ef
forts to escape. The two men smashed
the windows and in that way rescued the
girls.
The following are the heaviest losses
i sustained: Simeon F. Leonard, wholesale
seeds, loss $100 ,000, Insurance $80,000; C. T.
Bowal, owner of the building, $50,000, in
surance full; New England Mill, E. S.
Hanson, proprietor, $25,000; J. C. Meyer,
pickles and vinegar, $10,000.
MR. HOBART APPEARS
SOMEWHAT STRONGER
Invalid Takes Some Nourishment
and Is Besting More
Quietly.
PATERSON, N. .7.. Nov. I.— Vice Pres
ident Hobart took some nourishment to-
night. Mrs. Hobaii says ho looks better
and stronger than he has appeared in
two or three week*. The prospects ;irf
that he will paaa a better night than he
did last night. He had the newspapers
read to him to-ni^ht, and took quite an
interest in current affairs. He also talked
for a lime about his private business af
fairs.
The doctor left the Hobart residence at
9 o'clock, and It is not likely that he will
return to-night.
Vice President Hobarfs wonderful vital
ity st;:nds him In good stead. He wants
to keep posted on current affairs, and
when he awakens from a sleep he gener
ally asks those near him if there is any
thing new.
All day long crowds of people gathered
in front of the newspaper offices wlu'ie
the bulletins were posted. There was an
other gathering or sympathizing friends
about Carroll Hall, but none except rela
tives were allowed to see the patient.
Dr. \V. K. Newton, spends most of his
time in the Hobart house, and he is now
the only physician in attendance. Emi
nent specialists are directing the treat
ment through Dr. Newton. Those who
have passed on the case are Dr. W. W.
Johnston of Washington, who was called
when Mr. Hobart was first taken ill in
Washington, and who visited him at
Long Branch with Dr. Newton during the
summer months; Mrs. Janeway and Bull
of New York, Professor Osier of Balti
more and Dr. Delafield of Columbia Uni
versity.
• Telegrams and messages of sympathy
have been received, as well as flow
ers, from all parts of the country
Through the trying ordeal Mrs. Hobart
bears up surprisingly well. She remains
with the nurses most of the time in the
sickroom with her husband.
YUKON CLOSED.
Steamer W. S. Stratton With Mail
Aboard Sinks.
SEATTLE, Nov. I.— The steamer Hum
holdt from Skaguay reached port to-day
with n crowd of forty Klondikers who left
Dnwsnn October 13. They will probably be
the last to arrive this season from the dis
trict by water. The Yukon and its head
waters closed for steamer navigation Oc
tober 20. On that date the river steamer
W. S. Stratton, owned by Alexander Mc-
Donald, got cauKht in an Iceiam and sank
in thirty feet of water. No lives were
lost, but twenty-seven sacks of mail went
down with the vessel.
The Isthmus of Panama.
Itß engineers believe that they have solved
the problem of the successful completion of thta
great enterprise. If so. It will prove a great
b«nefU to humanity, no more, truthfully speak
ing, than lias Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the
remedy which never falls to cure afflictions of
the stomach— for of what use Is prosperity
without health? The Bitters Invariably
Mrf-nßthens weak stomachs and torpid livers,
and la one of the blessings of the ace.
NEGROTE BRIGANDS
ARE SUPPRESSED
Quiet Restored on the
Island.
• ♦ «
ROBBER BANDS SCATTERED
PLANTATIONS NO LONGER IN
IDLENESS.
♦
Rapid Movements of American Cav
alry in Luzon Surprise the
Soldiers of Agui
naldo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Nov. I.— General Hughes,
commanding in the Visayan district, has
si-nt in an encouraging report. He says
the islaiiu of Negros is now more peaceful
and orderly than for twenty years. The
planters are pursuing their business un
disturbed by the bands of brigands who
had long levied tribute on them. The
Americans have scattered the brigands
and propose to pursue them until they
are effectually suppressed.
General Young's column entered Caba
nautuan. north of San lsidro, yesterday
morning. Colonel Parker, with two tn>"i>s
of the Fourth Cavalry, took possession
of the deserted town of Aliaza.
Captain Batson captured a telegraph
operator and his escort, finding a tele
gram to Aguinaldo from an insurgent
colonel reporting that General Lawtoti
was killed in a recent fight and that his
body had been sent to Manila. The oper
ator said that 600 insurgents were ap
proaching Aliaza from Tarlac. Batson
placed his scouts in ambush awaiting
them. Colonel Hayes, with four troops
of the Fourth Cavalry, charged the towns
of Talvarera and Cobal, dispersing 160
insurgents and pursuing them for three
miles without any loss. The Americans
captured two brass cannon and a i]iian
tity of ammunition, including many
Hotchkiss shells. Captain Batson took a
storehouse and q \ntities of rice, sugar,
corn and forty bull carts.
The steamer I^ebuan of Hongkong, 800
tons, with a prize crew from the United
States gunboat Castine on board, has ar
rived here. She was captured while run
ning the blockade off Zamboanga. She
had unloaded her cargo of merchandise.
All sie-ns show that General Young's
rapid advance is demoralizing the insur
gents northward. Prisoners report them
to be fleeing to the hills. There are many
deserters and sick men and the former
are taking their arms to the Americans.
The cavalry's rapid movements are a
puzzle to the insurgents, who think that
the Americans in striking in so many
places must have overwhelming forces.
Aguinaido is personally conducting the
campaign. He is asking the people for
ii<!- and is trying to replenish the army
with recruits, but without success.
EARLY REPORT ON THE
PHILIPPINE SITUATION
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The mi>mhprs
:>f the Philippine Commission— Admiral
Dewey, Professors Schurman and Wor
cester and Colonel Denby — will make a
preliminary report to the President before
the end of this week, and it is understood
the report will be immediately given to
Lhe public.
This report will be prepared at the re
riuest of the President as a result of a
conference between the President and the
commission at the White House to-day,
rhe President personally summoned the
Commissioners and an hour was spent in
i onsultatlon, during which he explained
the points he desired covered in the pre
liminary report. It may be weeks, pos
sibly months, before the complete report
is rcjjdy.
Professor Schurman, who is president
if the commission, said after the mem
DEBILITY, WEAKNESS
j Sleeplessness, Nervousness, Mental j
I and Physical Exhaustion \
I; Cured With the Great Huduan!
:: Hudyan - - 50c mm^pkUk For + I
:: : All Druggists. . Men and Women .::
ii The numbers show the Again, when the nerves <:
<• points of weakness that W ' &m& I W are weak or exhausted you -•
I! are due to a letting down $& \ v A lr X/ tsw , , , \, ♦
\\ of ihe nerves. Fig. 7 .' | \W3<, f| haVe twltchln^ of : the ♦
;| headaches and dizziness; ■" «| $r $&$& muscles twitching of the ; ;
;: Fig. 6, hollow eyes or dark S. J | *&» r eyelids, shooting pains in '[
'; >' rings under eyes; Fig. g, a ' 1 7 "■' $8 joints and muscles; your ::
;: pale, thin face or sunken <> ll \fi Jx& sleep is disturbed by horrid ;•
:: cheeks; Fig. 4, coated I fecS^S: dreams, and you awake in : '
:: tongue and offensive ; *Wi W^ t ha morning hollow-eyed I
;; breath; Fig. }. palpitation Tl I •J. ■ e\  ,■ ••
:: of the heart; Fig. 2, dis- M I *V and unrefreshed; you have :
-ordered digestion and I a weak back, notice a sedi- ♦
;; bloating of stomach; Fig. 1, I I ment in urine; , you lack t
\\ torpid liver and consti- 1 I energy, vim and courage; I
;: pation. LJL rmT you feel that life is ar dlv ♦
j! , Other symptoms of nerve worth living.
<► weakness are clouded jgßa 6S|
;; memory, lack of energy, j|S j|lil You cannot apply your- ♦
|: despondency, tremblina S , £m ffi| self.to any task, and con t
;; irritability, weakness, a fear ilSr BS,
«; of impending: evil, loss of /^Jp*^ tinually have a fear of ♦
';; appetite, backache. sS^ impending evil. "
0 Hudyan cures one and all the above symptoms. Don't wait a moment. Hudyan is ♦
;; within your immediate reach. Don't court premature decay nor serious mental trouble -.
.. when it is so easy for you to obtain a permanent cure. Hudyan speedily makes its influ- t
;; ence felt in nerve quietude, improved appetite, gain in weight and strength, corrected <>
«. bowels, healthful sleep. Hudyan is nature's own remedy for building up and rejuvenating ♦
;; the nervous system. Hudyan is a positive cure for all nervous troubles— it matters not the «►
cause. Hudyan rapidly builds up the nerves and brings all the organs into harmonious ♦
;;: action. Hudyan provides the needed nerve and tissue nourishmentthat is necessary to a ><>
<> permanent building up of health. Hudyan quiets and soothes the irritated nerves, I
\\ increases the blood supply, corrects all faults of digestion, gives healthful vitality <«
j! to the nerves and nerve centers. Hudyan promotes healthful sleep. Hudyan corrects *
',', all weak nerve conditions. .. ♦
PrTUnnV A M from your druggist— sOc a package, or 6 packages for 52. 50. ;;
;;; ULI nULMnII If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send direct to the I
- HUDYAN REMEDY CO., Corner Stockton, Ellis , and Market Streets, ;;
:: YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE ,OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. t
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___
When the kidneys are sound
they draw the uric acid from
the blood. When they are un-
sound the acid remains, to
shatter the nerves, to weaken
the heart and to dull the brain.
There has never been but
one way by which the kidneys
could be kept in perfect con-
dition and good working order,
and that is/ by the use of
Warner's Safe Cure.
bers left the White House that the report
to be made this week would cover certain
phases of the situation which the Presi
dent desired cleared at this time. When
asked if the report would touch upon the
80-called Sulu treaty (the arrangement
made between General Bates and the Sul
tan of Sulu) Professor Schurman replied
In the negative.
"That was purely a military arrange
ment." said he, "with which the commis
sion had nothing to do."
The Commissioners made a full verbal
report to the President, forecasting in
brief the formal report that is to be
prepared. Each of the members talked
In turn not only upon tho general features
of the forthcoming report, but er.ch treat
ing more in detail of a certain line of sub-
JflCtS upon which hr was more fully in
formed than hie colleagues; for it ap
pears that the Commission, while in the
Philippines, took the fours* 1 of dividing
into sub-committees of one, each assum
ing a special branch of inquiry.
The significant feature of to-day's con
ference was the revelation that the Com
mission Is absolutely unanimous in its
view respecting the proper line of treat
ment of the islands.
LATEST CASUALTIES
IN AMERICAN RANKS
Washington, Nov. L-o«a«ra] otis
hae cabled the following casualties to the
War Department:
KILLED.
Twenty-second Infantry, at San Isldro,
October 19, Company K. Corporal Ephraim
S. Keder; Thirty-sixth Infantry, at Lu
hoa, October 29, Company G. Winsor R.
Stanley.
WOUNDED.
Twenty-first Infantry, at Calamba, Oc
tober 23, Company D, Edwr.rd G. Hellen,
foot, slight; x ourteenth Infantry, at Imus,
October. 6, Company. H. Corporal Henry
Overbay, foot, severe: Twenty-second In
' fantry, at San Isldro. October. JH, Com
pany F, Griggs Andrews, forearm, severe;
! Company I, Charles __. Pierce, ttiigh. se
vere; Company K. H. B. Johnson, leg-, se
vere: Thirty-sixth Infantry, at Luhc-a,
October 29, Company O, Corporal John
! Swank, arm, slight; James Pitt, back;
, slight: D. L. Turrence, thigh, align ;
Third Artillery. Company K. Thomas if.
Dow, shoulder, slight; Hospital Corps,
Jesse Rutledge, thigh, slight: at San Jsi-
dro. October 19, Claude D. Day, hand, i
: slight. . - : -.. - -; .-
Metcalf Brevetted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— The President
to-day commissioned Colonel Wilder 3.
Metcalf of the Twentieth Kansas Volun
teers brigadier funeral by brevet for gal
lant and meritorious service* in action ac
Guiguinto River, Luzon.
Stores fcr Manila.
The paymaster of the Solace came down
from the Mare Island navy yard yester
day and astonished some of the whole
sale merchant? by the purchases he made
for that Government vessel of stores to
be taken to Manila in a few days, ii
bought ten tons of canned tomatoes, si::
tons of creamery butter fn hermetically
sealed cans. 6000 pounds of dried peachy,
five tons of coffee, four tons of raisins
and 5000 pounds of prunes. The United
States steamship Solace will tak^ on
board two of I.idgerwood's drum hoi
engines for the I'nited States naval coal
ing station at Honolulu, as she will mak>
a stop at that point on h»_-r vay to Guam.
Progressive Merchandising.
The store of Newman & Levinson.
129 Kearny street, has for several week?
been undergoing extensive alterations
Not alone have the original premises
been rearranged and the space econo
mized to better advantage, but two
floors above have been added, thus
doubling the capacity of the establish
ment. One of th' must approved types
of electrical elevators has been put in
and customers may be instantly con
veyed to any department.
The upper floor has been reserved for
their extensive stork of outing goods
and the ladies' skirt and waist depart
ment.
The floor below is devoted to their
art goods, draperies, etc., while the
main floor carries, as formerly, the sta
ple and fan y goods and novelties.
The manufacturing! department has
been- moved to ample quarters on the
fourth floor. The establishment or
Newman & L<evinson now presents to
the public one of the most attractive
a"d convenient shopping places in the
city.
To-day and to-morrow have been an
ncunced as <■: • t days by the firm.
Appointed Consul at Cairo.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— Judge John D.
Long, Republican National Committee
man from Klorida, was to-day appointed
Diplomatic Agent and Consul General at
Cairo.. Egypt;. . ..FUNSTON MAY SUE
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
Accuses the Prelate of Having Cir=
culated a Story Published
in the Monitor.
KANSAS CITY, Nor. I.— A special to
the Star from Albuquerque. N. Mex.,
Fays: General Frederick Funston, who is
en route home with the mustered-out
Twentieth Regiment, has wired
his T'T-^-i attorneys, Gleed, Ware &
G!ee-1, to bring proceedings against Arch
bishop Ireland of St. Paul for criminal
libel because of statements attributed to
the Archbishop in a recent interview.
: .lI Funston also instructed his law
yers to begin criminal and civil proceed
ings against the Monitor, a Catholic pa
per of San Francisco, which first printed
the etory.
In a recent interview In Chicago Arch
bishop Ireland was quoted as saying that
Gr-neral Funston had been charged with
; Catholic churches in the Philip
pines. The charges alleged to have been
referred to by the Archbishop were marie
by the editor ot* the Monitor soon after
the landing of the Kansas troops in San
The Monitor stated, it Is said,
General Funston had taken two mag
• t ( 'bailees from a certain Catholic.
i in the Philippines and ha.i sent
Them home to his wife. Archbishop I re
mind, in his Chicago interview, was
quoted as calling upon General Funsron
to deny the truth of the article- ami sue
the editor of the Monitor for libel or the
public would be obliged, against its will.
to believe him guilty of the criminal acts
of which he has been accused.
The interview to which General Funston
takes exception was given to the press hv
Thomas Fox of Oakland, who served with
An Excellent Combination.
1 The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
STRUT- of Figs, manufactured by the
California. Fig Syrup Co. . illustrate
the value of obtaining- the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting-
them in the form most refreshing- to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing- the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
penth* yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating- them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs ;
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of he Company
printed on the front of every package,
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FBANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE. KY. NEW YORK, jr. T.
Sor sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle
■+-O-+O-+O-*- O-»-©-*-O -♦■ O-*-O-*-O-*-O-»-O-»-O-»
&v I all m °
♦ fa gfl i g£xb a BnK3 ♦
♦ iMiiufnniiiifctiiHAfetf ♦
b J
•♦ m Natural Mineral Water ♦
♦ i-f"i? known for csnturies and 4
♦ |368> known for centuries Bud 4
O «SBBa. ' Imported O I
n AWOk ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
o jftjliaflffl. For Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ M*iS&fi and Indigestion ♦
0 >fi?j]|?j~~sS^s value has been testi- o
0 'Z£*j~'y, : 'i%!&i fled to by thousands. ♦
♦ .VICHY So-called Vichy In Sy. °
♦ iii%if IS NOT VICHY. ♦
♦ ll^glgS Get the Genuine. °
® *i£'*vi-s : &i£'' Tour physician O
♦ J"3llslirPS wl " rec -" r - >mrr " ?n rt 't. ♦
♦ BJg'JaJSf A. VIGNIER, Diitrlbotiag A.gan*. °
■*-o-*-O'*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*- o-»-o-*-o -*-o-*-o-*~o~+
IT IS BETTER TO GIVE
THAN TO RECEIVE,
especially in a good cause, and that is
why we delight in giving our customers
such perect laundry work when they
favor us with their patronage. We not
only give them perfect satisfaction in
the color and finish of their linen, but
we give them twice the wear that they
would get if their garments were done
up by Inferior methods. "No saw-
edges." r|t,
United States Laundry, Offloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
■» » — — *•- " *
1 Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
" .lira from all over the United State. I \
" .how theTr appreciation or the excel- ?
t lence of the 4
; PALACE and ♦■
GRAND I
' by making these hotels their hpadquar- '
1 tJra while In San Francisco. v Fourteen ■
!, nu™d«d rooms. 900. with baths-largest I
I! a j^H fi v e c KinKPA O Manner. {
+*•••» ~~~~ ' " " ' * '
the American forces In Cuba for twelve
months. Among other things, he accused
the Kansas officer of taking a robe from a
statue of the Virgin In a church at Caloo
can and presenting it to his wife. These
alleged acts of vandalism are said to have
been not only permitted.by General Fun
ston, but he is accused by Mr. Fox of
setting a bad example to the soldiers by
indulKlnc: in them himself. According to
Mr. Fox, it was a common sight to see
soldiers <arrying away from the churches
rich vestments, crucifixes, statues and
altar ornaments.
General Funston is highly Indignant at
the accusation, and says he will prosecute
the matter vigorously. He intends, he
says, to put a stop forever to the malicious
stories put in circulation regarding him.
General Funston says that he not only
refrained from desecrating houses of wor
ship in Manila, but that while colonel of
the Kansas Regiment he issued a posi
tive order prohibiting the looting or mu
tilation of church buildings. He supple
mented thiswith verbal instructions to his
company commanders to see that this
order was rigidly enforced.
Ireland's Statement.
ST. PAULi, Nov. 1. -Archbishop Ireland
appeared somewhat surprised this evening
when he heard that General Funston of
Kansas was reported as about t<> sue him
for libel on account of statements attrib
uted to him in a Chicago interview. He
said he had made no charges against
General Funston. but had in conversation
expressed the opinion that the statements
of the San Francisco paper charging the
general with having taken a priest's robe
from a Philippine church should be denied
by General Funston at once, lest a failure
to deny led to a wrong Impression. The
Archbishop admitted the substantial ac
curacy of the Chicago interview, but was
not willing to admit that he had made
any Übelous, statements.
What Funston Desires.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. I.— G. S. Gleed.
senior member of the law firm of Gleed,
' Ware & Gleed, stated to-night that his
; firm had received absolutely no Intimation
1 from General Funston of any purport to
■ begin any legal proceedings against Arch
; bishop Irelajid. Mr. Gleed stated fiat he
had simply received a personal telegram
I from General Funston requesting htm to
1 ascertain if Archbishop Ireland had been
j correctly quoted. General Funston at the
same time expressing the opinion that the
statements attributed to the Archbishop
i would be found to be incorrect. Mr. Gleed
added his surmise that General Funston
i desired this information to enable him to
form a reply to the Archbishop in the
event that the alleged interview should
: prove authentic.
HANNA GREETED WITH
HISSES IN SPRINGFIELD
Police Called Upon to Quiet a Dis-
turbance in a Political
Meeting.
SPRINGFIELD, Nov. I.— Senator Mark
A. Hanna was roundly hissed here to
night upon his Initial appearance at the
City Hall. Cariosity haa attracted a big
crowd to a meeting at which Senator
Hanna was the star. No sooner had he
been introduced than a crowd of about 3«.H)
men in the gallery began hissing. Hiss
ing and hooting were continued ror some
minun-s, but without any apparent effect
on Senator Hana.
"1 am used to this sort of thing. It
comes from John R. McLean and his
newspaper," said the Senator, when there
was a slight lull in the uproar. At this
the hissing was taken up again and con
tinued for several minutes. Senator
Hanna made another unsuccessful at
tempt to quiet the noise.
"Bvery American likes fair play,* he
said. "Give me a show. A man who will
not give fair play is a coward."
The hissing was taken up with renewed
vigor and continued till several police
men arrived from headquarters in re
sponse to a hurry call sent in by the Re
publican managers of the meeting. Sen
ator Hanna then gave his usual address
on prosperity and expansion. He studi
ously refrained from mentioning the name
of Governor Bushnell, whose home is in
this city, and this caused a constant flow
of interruptions from Bushnell's partisans,
who were present In force. In fact, It is
now believed that the hissing was done
by Bushnell's Republicans rather than by
Democrats.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
FORCED OUT OF OFFICE
Sensational Move in the Reorganiza
tion of the Los Angeles Police
Force. .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. I.— When the City
Council this afternoon met in adjourned
session a sensational climax in the mat
ter of the reorganization of the Los An-
geles police force was reached.
A resolution declaring vacant the offices
: I'uiice Commissioners Scarborough,
c, <Joss and Parker by a vote of 5 to
1 Z was adopted.
This wipes out the commission and leaves
Mayor I-Jaton the only acting member.
The Council's action was as unexpected
as that of Chief Glass when he yesterday
reduced to the ranks seven old-time offi
cials. This action Is a direct rebuff to
1 Mayor Eaton and Chief Glass. The resig
nation of the <"hief in now expected. To
< complicate matters the deposed officials
have retained three firms of attorneys
i and will make a legal fight to recover
I their positions.
TRIAL DELAYED.
State's Witnesses Fail to Appear at
Moscow.
MOSCOW, Idaho. Nov. 1.-At noon to
day the prosecution restel its case against
the Coeur d'Alene prisoners on trial for
obstructing the malls All but three of
the State's witnesses have testified
Prosecutor Cozier grave aa an explana
tion for the absence of these that they
had been delayed owing to sickness, t>u't
from information received h<- expected
that they would arrive on the night train
and would appear in court on the follow
ing morning. He suggested that in the
meantime, to prevent delay, the defense
could produce its witnesses." This method
of proceeding was objected to by Colonel
Reddy on the ground that it would be
disadvantageous to the defendants This
point was settled by Judge Beatty excus
ing the jury while Mr. Cozier stated to
Mr. Reddy what he intended to prove by
the absent witnesses on their arrival
A BELT WITH MERIT !
- - . . ■
_^r*~~^. That's the kind of a Belt you want
/f^ If 'you expect It to cure you.' When you
fp X ' buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none
li. Ml at all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE
B ;Jj3 —to a firm of established reputation,
I* ' Jp"^. £>*&• whose. word and promises amount to
Adi 2*^ f^ll something, and then you will be able
Im^ r. V'^w to £ et what you want and at a fair
V • , /nsfl PI price, too. There is no humbug about
1 #L^Ew Dr< I>i( ' rce ' s Electric Belt. Any one
y V, V^^JT X Who has ever tried it: knows that. It
< %&Ax\''' l "''*t*J m, .does not fall to pieces in a few weeks
j^^^'^i'^^ili v ■ as others. do. It is warranted to be as
-~?vv \-*. ,*mSS»t represented. Buy no Belt till you see
' ' \V\ -^V V''|JHK " "*- PIERCES."
J\WiS^>^^?r^^mwS^fw< C "*,.„,] 2 cents in -stamps for our
WKv^S^l3B EKp "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO,
V V IP' 620: MARKET STREET,
I • . . (Opposite Palace Hotel, 8. F.)
RUPTURE— If ruptured send stamp for "Booklet No. 1."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
HUNTINGTON NOW
IN FULL CONTROL
Mrs. Stanford's Railway Holdings
Formally Transferred to the
Speyer Syndicate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2— The World says:
An important conference was held yes
terday at the office of C. P. Huntington In
the Mills building: between Mrs. Iceland
Stanford, George Crocker. F. H. Hub
bard and Mr. Huntington to complete the
transfer of the Stanford and Crocker in
terests in Southern and Central Pacific to
the Huntington interests, announced sev
eral weeks ago. Mr. Huntington with his
friends thus comes into sole control of the
great continental system.
Mrs. Stanford returned last Saturday on
the Campania with Edward Speyer, the
London representative of Speyer Bros.,
who in turn represent the London bond
holders. George Crocker has decided to
hold his Pacific Improvement Company
stock despite the efforts made by Mr.
Huntington at the conference.
The Sun says: Mr. Huntington denied
a report that the sale of Mrs. Stanford's
stock to the Huntington-Speyer interests
was discussed at to-day's conference.
"The meeting," he said, "related to an
adjustment of the accounts between the
different interests."
The journal and Advertiser to-morrow
says: As the result of an Important con
ference held yesterday at the office of C.
P. Huntington, between the former con
trolling interests In the Southern Pacific
and Central Pacific railroads and the
bankers now In control, the deal by which
the new Interests will take absolute pos
session was practically settled.
Besides representatives of the banking
firms of Speyer & Co. and Kuhn. bneb &
Co.. there were present Mrs. Leland Stan
ford, George Crocker, General F. H. Hub
bard and C. P. Huntington. The foreign
bond and security holders were repre
PRESENT STATUS
OF THE MILITARY
Fighting Strength Up to
the Maximum.
♦
GENERAL CORBIN'S REPORT
SUGGESTS CHANGES OF BENEFIT
TO SOLDIERS.
♦
General Otis' Total Foroe in the Phil
ippines Will Be Nearly Sixty-
Eight Thousand
Hen.
1
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. The annual
report of the adjutant general of the
army. Brigadier General Corbin, to the
Secretary of War was made public to-day.
General Corbin sums up the military
forces now In the service of the United
States as follows: Regular army, 64,586;
volunteers, 34,574; total, 99,160.
The regular establishment consists of
ten regiments of cavalry, seven of artil
lery and twenty-five of infantry. The
volunteer establishment consists of one
regiment of cavalry, twenty-four of in
fantry and a Porto Rico battalion.
The distribution of these troops up to
October 1 last was as follows: In the
United States, 34,229; Porto Rico, 3363;
Cuba, 11,187; Philippines, 32,315; en route
to the Philippines, 17,099; Alaska, 499; Ha
waiian Islands, 466.
General Corbin adds the following to
this summary:
It Is ordered that by December 1 next all the
Infantry regiments, I'nlted States Volunteers,
shown above as In the United States, will have
Falle.l for the Philippines. These, with the
troops now there, will give a total strength of
2117 officers and 63,608 enlisted men, an aggre
gate of 85.725.
A recapitulation of the casualties in ac
tions and deaths In the regular and vol
unteer armies between May 1, 1898, and
June 30, 1899, contained in the annual re
port of the adjutant general, shows a
grand total of 10,076 men. The easualtv list
alone aggregates 3454, of whom 35 officers
and 4f>S enlisted men were killed and 197
officers and 2764 enlisted men wounded.
The death list, numbering 6619, was made
up of 224 officers and 6395 enlisted men.
Of this total, but 38 officers and 468 en
listed men were killed, the remainder of
the deaths resulting from various causes,
including the following: Wounds, 10 offi
cers and 192 enlisted men; disease, 165 offi
cers and 6344 enlisted men; accident, 6 of
ficers and 209 men; drowning, 3 officers
and 88 men: suicide, 2 officers and 52 men:
and murders and homicide, 52 enlisted
men.
In the regular army the total of casu
altiee In action and deaths amounted to
4156 .md in the volunteer establishment to
5921. In the casualty list th<> regulars had
127 officers and 1656 enlisted men killed
and wounded, and the volunteers. 105 offi
cers and 1366 enlisted men killed and
wounded. In the regular army between
April 30. 1898, and June 30, 1899, 91 enlisted
men were discharged by sentence of gen
eral court-martial, and 2946 enlisted men
deserted. Three officers of the regular
army who were killed also held commis
sions in the volunteer forces, in which
they are included in the foregoing reca
pitulation.
The service of many of the troops after
the terms of their enlistment had expired
causes General Corbin to say In his re
port:
The patriotism of the regulars and volunteers
who had enlisted only for the war with Spain,
by willingly and actively serving after the ex
piration of their terms of service, calls for evi
dence of appreciation on the part of the de
partment. To this end it is respectfully recom
mended that each officer of the several volun
teer regiments and each enllated man who con
tinued In service In the Philippine Islands after
the 2d of March. 1899, until honorably dis
charged, be awarded a suitably Inscribed medal.
During the year there have been 62,175
enlistments and re-enlistments, of which
53,024 were native born and 9151 foreign
born. In point of color 56,154 were white,
6000 colored and 20 Indians.
The following recommendation Is mad«
for extra pay for the officers serving in
our new possessions:
The pay of all officers below the grade of
brigadier general should be increased at least
83 1-3 per cent while on duty In Cuba or our
new possessions. Most of these gentlemen have
families that they are unable to have with
them, and, therefore, are compelled to main
sented by Edgar Speyer, a member of the
London house of Speyer Bros., who
reached this city last Saturday on the
steamship Campania, accompanied by
Mrs. Stanford.
The principal subject under discussion
was the transfer of all interests in the
Pacific Improvement Company to the
bankers' syndicate. This company, which
has a purely nominal capital, owned the
San Francisco terminals used by the
Southern Pacitic, the Hotel del Monte in
Southern California and hotel property
and eating stations along the line of the
various roads controlled by the Southern
Pacific Company.
Of the four equal interests in this cor
poration the bankers are now understood
to own the Huntington, Hubbard and
Stanford interests. George Crocker has
refused heretofore to sell, but it is now
believed that he will do so.
The holdings of these individuals and
estates have already been acquired by
Speyer &. Co. for the syndicate.
The final transfer of Mrs. Stanford's
holdings is understood to have taken place
on Tuesday. As Mr. Huntington is a
member- of the present syndicate, he sim
ply deposits his stock as his share in the
The. new certificates of stock will soon
be issued, the new bonds having already
been delivered, including the amount de
posited with the Government to Insure
the payment of the notes given in settle
ment of the debt of the company to the
T'nited States.
Mr. Huntington. who was seen at the
close of the conference, refused to give
any details of the negotiations, simply
stating that an "adjustment of the vari
ous interests formerly In control of the
company was being decided upon and
settled."
tain two establishments. Also, that provis
ion be made that all officers below the grade
of major general who retire by reason of age
or wounds received In action shall do so on
the next trade above the rank held by them
In the regular army on the date of their retire
ment.
Of the criticisms of the staff organiza
tion of the army, ( General Corbin says:
Mui'h has been written of late concerning a
better staff system. < >urs may be, and doubt
l-'ss is, open to Improvements, but It should be
borne In mln.i that the present organization is
the result of years of legislation borne of the
best thoupht anil labor of our best military
men and has stood successfully the test of all
our wars. The criticisms of our system are
too often the result of disappointment. Seldom
has there one appeared in print whose author
has not been a long-standing applicant for a
place in one of the staff corps or departments.
Th<» suggestion that our staff officers are not
experienced in the duties of line officer! is not
borne out by facts.
The report dwells on the courtesies
shown our troops by the British Govern
ment officials while stopping at Gibraltar
and elsewhere en route to the Philippines,
and says this international courtesy will
long live in the memories of both parties
to the spontaneous exchange. The report
speaks of the unsatisfactory conditions
in Hawaii in relation to land for military
uses', saying:
Sales of Government lands and leases of
Crown lands have continued to the present time
and there is very little of either class left In
immediate control of the Government. Should
this action be permitted to continue it will re
sult in embarrassment to the "United States.
It Is urged, therefore, that certain tracts be
taken without delay from the control of the
Hawaiian Government and secured to the fu
ture uses of the United States, or have them
declared as reservations for military purposes.
Recommendation is made that military
officers serving abroad as military at
taches be given increased rank and pay.
As the increased army calls for an ad
ditional number of military academy ca
dets to fill vacancies it is recommended
that the President be authorized to ap
point ten annually and that two be ap
pointed at large from each State. '_ ♦
Satisfaction is expressed that the army
canteen embarrassment has been removed
from the War Department by the action
of Congress in establishing certain re
strictions. Recommendation Is made that
non-commissioned officers be given ad
ditional pay in order to attract to these
places a worthy class, willing to stay in
those grades, and that twenty-five years'
service as an enlisted man shall be suf
ficient to admit to the retired list of en
listed men.
The condition of the artillery service,
especially of the sea coast, the report de
scribes as not altogether satisfactory. It
is believed that the time has arrived
when the artillery branch of the service
should be reorganized and the field ar
tillery separated from that engaged in
the coast defense.
It is recommended that the regimental
organization of the artillery be abolished
and that a corps of field artillery and
one of sea coast artillery be provided
for, separate and distinct from each
other.
In a resume General Corbln says:
The regular army Is now practically at a
maximum, as are also the volunteer regiments.
The -work incident to all these changes'
brought about by the acts aforesaid, involving
the enlistment of 238,500 volunteers; the in
crease of the regular army from 26,000 to 62 -
000; its subsequent reduction, and then again
its increase to 65,000, necessitating numerous
orders and instructions bearing on the same
to say nothing of the complete military record
Of every officer and man of this large force—
the magnitude of this work cannot be under
stood until undertaken. That this work has
been done with accuracy and intelligence is
now history. All credit is due to the assistants
and the clerical force of the office
The report also calls attention to the
fact that not a single life has been lost
by accident incident to travel In the
course of all the transportation to the
Philippines.
In conclusion General Corbin points out
an omission of the law in failing to pro
vide chaplains for the volunteer regi
ments, and recommends that, chaplains
be provided for as soon as possible as
the presence of one with each regiment
is deemed very necessary.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
War Department's Orders and Pen-
sions for Veterans.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 1.-A postofflce
was to-day established at Oren, Fresno
County, and Charles C. Carle was ap
pointed postmaster.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War Private David
S. Mack. Battery M, Third Artillery,
Fort Stevens. Oregon, will be sent to San
Francisco. Private Thomas A. Campbell,
hospital corps, Fort Stevens, will be sent
to Angel Island.
The following men, having enlisted un
der . false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States: Recruit Overton D. Craft
Forty-fifth Infantry. Presidio, San Fran
cisco; Private John Pauley, Twenty
first Infantry, Philippine Islands.
Pensions for California: Original
John C. FTall. Redlaiuls, $8; William
O'Brien, S.-m Francisco, $S; Hiram T.
Curl. West Oakland. $6; Dennis Britzlns,
Vallejo, |6. Additional— Justus H. Cole,
Kishermans Bay, $6 to $8. Increase — "Wes
lev M. Moore, China Flat, $6 to $8.
Widows, Indian wur— Adelia E. Hol
land. Orangevale. $8.
Oregon: Original— Peter Bolt, Park
Place, $6; Ernest Keejer, Duncanville,
$12. Restoration and additional— Peter
Majors (dead), Applegate. $8 to $12. Orig
inal widow— Nancy Majors, Applegate, $8.
Washington: Original— Joseph W.
Pomeroy, Redmond, $8.
Johnson Exonerated.
FRESNO. Nov. I.— The Coronor's Jury
to-day rendered a verdict of "died from
iniuries received at the hands of N. John
son while ir defense of his home," in the
case of Daniel Faulkener. a woodchopper,
who died on Monday evening fro. i a
broken neck received in a fall, after hav
ing been struck with a piece of board by
N. Johnson, of a big grocery firm here.
Johnson surprised him about his barn and
a scuffle ensued.
Brooks Sentenced.
FRESNO. Nov. I.— Jack Brooks, who
was found guilty of murder in the second
degree <n having killed Dan Donnelly In
the tenderloin, was sentenced oy Judge
Risley to life imprisonment to-day. His
co-defendant. Policeman Rice, was ac
quitted last week. The homicide was com
mitted while Donnelly was escaping pur
suit after having been robbed In a saloon.
ELECTRIC POWER PLANT
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Big Iron Building Completely Ruined
and Employes Barely Escape
With Their Lives.
MOKELUMXE HILT,, Nov. I.— Tne
power plant of the Standard Electric Com
pany, half a mile above Big Bar bridge,
on the Mokelumne River, was totally de
stroyed by fire at an early hour this
morning. The entire corrugated iron and
steel framed and steel trussed building
was gutted. The men on watch barely
escaped with their lives.
The fire started at 5:10 this morning and
In a twinkling the interior of the large
power-house was ablaze. The building 1
was 120 feet long by 60 feet wide and was
supposed to be absolutely fireproof, noth
ing but Bteel, iron and cement having
been used in' its construction. It was one
of the best equipped power-houses in the
country, containing three Pelton water
wheels of 700 horsepower each, three dy
namos of 800 horsepower each, full effi
ciency, and nine transformers, of which
six were in use at the time the fire oc
curred. These transformers carried eigh
teen barrels of petroleum each, and to
cool the fluid were constantly sprayed
with cold water. Because of the liability
to overheating these transformers are al
ways considered dangerous and are usu
ally placed outside of the main power
houses. It is said that this is the only
power plant in the State in which the
transformers are located within the main
powerrhouse.
Superintendent Heinrichs declined to
state what in his judgment caused the
fire or to make an estimate of the loss.
He said he had received instructions from
the headquarters of the company not to
give out any facts whatever. The best
obtainable figures place the loss at $250,
--000. It is impossible to ascertain here if
there was any Insurance on the plant.
There is no doubt that one of the trans
MARCONI HANDICAPPED BY
INCOMPLETE INSTRUMENTS
But He Shows the Government the
Practical Value of the System
in the Navy.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— The cruiser New
York, flagship of Rear Admiral Farquhar.
and the battleship Massachusetts returned
to-night to the anchorage off Fifty-eighth
street. North River, after being employed
for three days in evolutions for the pur
pose of demonstrating the working of the
Marconi system of wireless telegraphy
under various practical conditions. The
operations were under the direction of a
boarfl of three naval officers, namely:
Lieutenant Commander J. T. Newton,
aboard the New York; Lieutenant J. W.
Bllsh, with the instruments at Navesink,
N. J., and Lieutenant F. K. Hill, aboard
the Massachusetts.
Mr. Marconi was handicapped by in
complete instruments, which had been
brought to the United States simply for
the purpose of reporting the international
yacht races, and was unable to give the
Government board as thorough a demon
stration of the capabilities of the appara
tus as he would have wished. But the
result of the workings of the three sets
of instruments employed in the tests was
to show the Government board that there
Is a practical utility in the system which
wo'.ild be of inestimable value to the
naval vessels during evolutions of any
klnd, and especially when on scouting
duty.
The members of the Government board
will be obliged to call attention to the
fact that during these tests it was
possible for an instrument located with
in the circumscribed radius of transmis
sion to destroy the effectiveness of other
instruments at any time. When the
Massachusetts, for instance, was tele
graphing to the New York the operator
at Navesink sent a message at the same
time, and the result on the receiving side
of the New York's set was a mass of un
readable characters caused by the two
series of electrical impulses reaching the
instrument at the same time.
This was done deliberately. Mr. Mar
coni said that he could prevent this inter
ference on the part of a third station, but
that he would not demonstrate it during
these tests, because he had not yet re
ceived his patents for that feature.
RUSSIAN RAILROAD TO
BE BUILT IN PERSIA
French Capitalists Supplying Money
for the Construction of the
line.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gordon
Bennett.
BERLIN. Nov. I.— The Tageblatt has
heard from St. Petersburg that construc
tion of the projected Russian railroad !
in Persia is assured. M. Sachanski. the
I engineer, is organizing a body of engineers
: and surveyors to carry out the prelimin
i arv work, for which the sum of 2-10 000
I ruhles has been assigned. Whether the
j line will be laid to Bushire or Bandar i
.Abbas depends on questions of the survey.
French capitalists are furnishing money
I for building the line.
if tomer dissatisfied or unsatisfied with our suits and over-
|g Our policy is: Your money returned if you want it,
11 or we will keep your clothes in repair free for a year.
jj| Did you ever hear of any tailors doing this besides us?
I 8. N. WOOD & CO., I
formers became overheated, possibly by
neglect of the watch on duty, and ignited
the oil, whence it was carried from tank
to tank, the dynamos adding fuel to the
flames. Those who witnessed the fire *ay
that It seemed as if a bolt of lightning
had fallen upon the building, and .n
--stantly it was one sheet of flame. The
men on watch did not have time to turn
off the water and stop the machinery and
portions of the plant not destroyed ran up
to noon to-day.
The electric display following the explo
sion of the petroleum tanks was simply
magnificent, the pale blue flames of the
snakellke wires showing luridly through
the dark, dense coal oil smoke. The line
was burned out for quite a distance about
the plant, the big glass insulators drop
ping one by one as the current reached
them. The heat, danger from explosions
and fear of live wires prevented all efforts
at saving the building. The intensity of
the heat is shown in the warped and
twisted iron and steel supports and
trusses, hopelessly entwined with copper
wires, sections of dynamos and trans
formers in sections forming a trellis work
that will never again be molested.
The only thing worth saving in the
building in the water. wheels, which were
under a fall of 1043 feet of 750 inches of
water, which generated 2400 horsepower
and which kept the wildly running wheels
cool after the fire relieved them of belt
ing and governors.
The entire southern mines region is in
darkness to-night and oil lamps and tal
low dips aro everywhere in demand. The
Standard Company is negotiating for
power from the recently completed Utica
plant near Murphys and the natural gas
plant at Stockton, and promises to fur
nish light by Tuesday next. Prince Ponl
atowski is expected here to-morrow. The
old plant will not be rebuilt, as the site of
the new plant has been located four miles
up the river, where it will have 15,000
inches of water, with 400 feet additional
fall.
RODDEN MAKES A
PECULIAR RULING
Imposes a Light Fine to Prevent a
Test of the Game Laws of
Marin.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. I.— A few days ago
George Houtallin, a local laundryman,
was arrested by order of Game Warden
Robertson for killing an oriole near Fair
fax. J. J. Murray was retained as coun
sel, and declared that he could easily
prove the game laws unconstitutional on
the ground that they not only were filled
with intrinsic absurdities, but conflicted
with the State laws.
While Murray was absent from town
Houtallin was taken before Justice Rod
den and induced to change his plea from
not guilty to guilty, in consideration of
which he was fined the costs of court,
amounting to $7 30. This was really done
in order to prevent the game laws from
being tested.
To-day Murray accosted Rodden and
demanded to know why it was that if
the man were fined at all he was fined
less than the provision of the ordinance
allowed, the minimum fine being $20.
Rodden replied that he had suspended
sentence in Houtallin's case.
"This is the rawest work I ever heard
| of," declared Murray. "If the man was
j fined at all the minimum penalty should
j have been imposed, and if sentence were
suspended nobody had a right to fine him
anything."
TRIAL POSTPONED.
Defendants in the Fuller Will <7ase
in Court.
CHICO, Nov. I.— To-day at 10 o'clock a.
m. was the time set for the arraignment
of the forgery and perjury charges in the
Fuller will case, in which J. Ellis Roilnny,
:J. M. Garr.er and Minnie Housewonn
stand charged with the grave offense.
The courtroom was crowded long before
the arrival of the hour, so great was the
interest taken In the matter. When the
hour arrived William H. Schooler, attor
ney for Dr. Rodney, asked the court
for an extension of time for his
client to make his plea and the same
was granted until November 13. Mrs.
Houseworth was given the same period.
The spectators were anxious for the time
to arrive when J. M. Garner would enter
his plea. Garner was not represented by
counsel and to the charge of perjury he
pleaded guilty and to the forgery not
guilty. December 4 is the time set for
passing sentence, and his bondsmen hav
ing withdrawn, he was remanded to the
custody of the Sheriff. Garn?r has turned
State's evidence, having confessed to
drawing the forged will, and great is tha
speculation in the length of time whic.i
he will receive. Mrs. Rodley appeared in
court with her husband. She is endeavor
ing to obtain bonds for him and is willing
to do all in her power to aid the doctor.
Attempted iilurder and Suicide.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. I.— Because she
would not give him the money she had
earned by a life of shame Eugene Lane
this morning shot and severely wounded
Josephine Blanrheau and then fired two
bullets Into his own breast, dying: instant
ly Lane recently returned from the Klon
dike "broke." He is said to have a wife
and family in Victoria, B. C.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Nerve Builder
jgoFlfes. It is said that a
/^^^^Sm^Pd\ P ure stimulant is
F^^^§l^a4 world knows that
nJJS?' Malt Whiskey
N§||gg^ man niiiSKey
is absolutely pure. Made expressly for
medicinal use. No fusel oil. Over 7,000
leading physicians prescribe it.
When the nerves are unstrung, the body
weakened, the energies relaxed, when the
bad cold has a strong hold upon you, you
need a pure and sure stimulant. Take no
chances. Use Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey.
Government stamp mirks the cenuine. Druggists usually
sell it. If yours does not, a bottle will be sent you, prepaid,
lor $1 ; six lor $5. Write for interesting book.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y.
COURIAN'S NEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the Custom House.
TURKISH DBinO
PERSIAN JIUyU
WILL, BE SOLD AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
THIS DAY.
Thursday, Nov. 2d,
■ AT 2 P. M. DAILY.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday, Oct. 30
and SI. at
ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.
Adjoin in <■» the City of Paris.
NOTE— Mr. Courlan, realizing that nothing
was too fine for his patrons in San Francisco
instructed his agents in the Orient to secure
the rarest and most perfect ■ antiques obtain-
able. This collection represents two years of
their labor and was made specially for this
Bale. A. W. LOUDERBACK will conduct the
sale.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World*
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 • will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, Sxll), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Pield's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
■world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for loss than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the '.ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Adiiresn
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
1 - — ii.— n. 11 -
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is Inserted as
our Contribution.
Ti£ht=loose
Eye-Glasses*.
A new kind that stay on tight, but feel loose,
•without falling or tilting.
New patterns opera glasses arriving daily.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
Ing. Factory on premises. Phone. Main 10.
642 Market St. instrument*
•MB!* tnomcie Bun tiM 1.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.
DR. METERS & CO. have me largest prae- I
tic* and best equipped medical Institution B
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 /ears. ■
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office ■
or by mall. All letters confidential. £|
731 Market St., San Francisco. I
1899--TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27. at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 26, from 7 to 3
o'clock. • :: • :'
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
mtfflfW DO SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSdf-
-498H8& fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
K&JT*^ISm life can be restored to you. The very
Ej* JpjS worst cases of Nervous Debility aro
WS Tfß absolutely cured by PKKFEOTO
•IV. 'M HP TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
Mt "^JgjHsomnia. (ailing memory and the waste
mfbi~jijlWlr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'"lIaWHM* indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*-" M il^ Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. (jive j4Sg>^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of Z.-^iA young or old.
One Mo box renews vital energy. tVllls boxes at
•2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure Tjgrhyor money re-
funded. , Can be carried In vest ■ .mm . pocket. Sold
where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUB FBBFKCTO CO., Caitoa Bite., CUcage, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 6. F. and Oakland.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABEB, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
k^___2H^__El_.?°'"^" «»».-—^~- a
■ ; /
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHB
Truckee River; pleasant .sunny room*, good,
boating on lake; boat* free to guests, prlcea
reasonable, ii to $10 per week; special rates for
families. W. J. MCDONALD, Manatee
34
[ 11/est
4-
CLOSE FITS
FOR THE COIN
AT OAKLAND
Etta H Led Zoroaster Out by
a Scant Head — Bathos
First by a Nose.
The pport at Oakland track yesterday
w.-is characterized by two very close and
exciting finishes. In the fourth event
Etta H, Tin- favorite, earned the verdict
over /."roaster, chiefly through Piggott'a
saddle experience, ami la the handicap at
seven furlongs for two-year-olds Bathos
I out Expedient, greatly aided by the
excellent ridinp of Ruiz. The trach
heavy, and alter three favorites had been
turned down the remaining quarter of a
dozen managed to win at short odds in
the rin»j.
George Baldwin's two-year-old Silver
Tall will have to improve, else the talent
will have him | the reserve list.
The Ired youngster showed
.^peed in a : ps ago and yester
for the opening
Fix furlong sprint. Piggott by hard per
suaatan had him in front when a quarter
. ::n«l then he fell out
-•or ridinsr Thorpe landed
hi Ice, winner over
iss than a length. The
latter, from ihe stable of Oarruthers &
ills maiden essay at the
■ cr. creating a most favorable im
:, i catchy third.
Tommy B id much good-na.tured
chiding from his brother riders for accept
no mount on Magnus in the mile
s.'lling run, for which Dare II rulcl an
even money chance. Burns sot his mount
away well, was passed by Ringmaster on
the backstretch turn, and it Looked
y for him. He persevered, though,
and, scaring: Henry, on Rinprmaster, by
his record, !:e paddock, won out
by nearly a length. The favorite was
third.
Hurke's Festoso carried the
smart money to beat My Gypsy and Rio
cond mile selling run. The
Wlldidle gelding was downed in a common
:■ by the two-year-old, with Ranch,
leated almost on
the filly's neck. Chico was the only other
s:,ir*'T.
Etta H was heavily supported at the
to ."■ to win the fourth
•• tin- Futurity course. The
'-<mg argu
ment hv Zoroaster, which gelding finished
m >st resolutely, being i>->l over the mark
j-h.-r: head. Marty Bergen landed
1 Don't Know in tin- show.
The Burns >v- Waterhouse horse Pat
Morrlssey has >w)i a widespread reputa
tion as ;i mudlark that the ring held him
fur the third mile selling
run. Leading from the start. Thorpe was
- ye him a strong snaking
up at the finish to le.id Opponent oul
■ ~;h in l mm 1 ;... marking a good
Imperious tired at the end
;\ furlongs, running an indifferent
Sturdy little Pathos took the seven fur
handicap for two-year-olds after a
Ith Expedient, one of the
light i houldering Ruiz
made all the running, just
didly ridden by
T. \V;ilsh. a scant head to the wire.
Bogus Bill, slowly regaining form, lost
to Rixford by a narrow margin.
Track Notes.
<"hnrlos F. Bri<e, presiding steward at
Oakland track, arrived from I.atonla on
Tuesday evening, resuming his duties at
the track nver the bay yesterday. Mr.
Brice says the .'uation at the
Cincinnati track looks none too bright
■ >ks for an im
provement next year.
Charley Thorpe, riding in better form
than ever, landed two winners.
After piloting Magnus in tirst. Tommy
Burns donned his Btreet attire.
Thf- Bale of "White Hat" McCarthy's
s, which number over a hundred, in
cluding many trotters and thoroughbreds,
■ this morning at 10 '>'<■!■ ><-k at
: of Fifteenth and Valencia
streets.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Three-year-olds; soiling; Futurity
con n=p.
173 Fairfax _ IDS 22" Aborigine .. 103
249 Daniel 103 217 Allanette 108
243 The Echo 106 75 Morelio 103
232 Lorello 103;
Second race— Three-year-olds ; selling; Futur
ity course.
LoS mis 107! 221 The Offering ...]O2
225 O'Connor 1"7 (221) J. K. McCabe.,.lo7
219 Tlburon 107;
Third race— All ages; free handicap; seven
eighths of a mile.
<r;i)\Vyomlnir 125 233 Lodestar US
222 Sorrow ill , 227 Favf-rsham ... 110
246 Rio Chico ... 10S,
Fourth Three-year-oldi and upward;
Felllnpione and a sixteenth miles.
f23o)Morinel 101 <224)Roslnante . 104
241 Tirade So (231)Satsuma . ...107
233 Plan 98:
Fifth race— All ages; purse; five-eighths of a
mile.
HO Shellac 104 , 210 Chihuahua 104
104 Dr. N'embula ..109 237 Mafada 116
■? Tagalog 93 2n2 Silver Maid ....102
231 Ros.rmonde 118 238 Monda 99
242 Mndwena 99' 239 Hl«?h Ho 104
243 Elbe M 242 Sal. Goodwin ..110
226 Guilder 111 237 Skirmish 113
233 Tourist I 104 .
Sixth Three-year-olds and upward; cell.
Ing; handicap; one mile.
224 Lothian SW| HO Frank Jaubert.. 95
234 Mamie G 104 (229) Monrovia 104
206 Deerfoot ........ 85 187 •■nrica .........100
24?. Magnus 9Q:<2lS)Allcla 104
(222) Dr. .■■■mays . 109 i 222 Be Happy ....^. S3
Selections for To-Day.
First Daniel, The Echo, Allanette.
Second race— Tlburon, O'Connor, Jack Mc-
Cabe.
Third race — Sorrow, Wyoming, Faversham.
Fourth race— Satsuma. Roslnante, Morinel.
Fifth race— Rosormonde, Mafada, Dr. Nem
bula.
Sixth race— Dr. Bernays, B» Happy, Mon
rovia.
BOOHD'S
(LONDON, ENGLAND)
OLD TOM, DRY or
SLOE GINS
ARE THE BEST.
CHARLES MEINEOKE & CO..
fota Agents, 314 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco, CuL
Sporting Scents from All Over the World.
EXCITING
SPRINT AT
NEWPORT
Flying Bess f Necklace and
Applejack Finish Ncses
Apart.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. I.— The most excit
ing finish of the. meeting occurred in the
first race at .Newport to-day, which was
won by Flying Bess. The filly was ridden
by Eddie Ross, who took a desperate
chance and forced his way through the
bunch Just in time to beat Necklace a nose
in the last stride for Ilrst money. Apple
jack came through on the rail and was
only beaten a nose for the place. Weather
line; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs — Flyrn* Bess won. Necklace sec
ond, Applejack third. Time, l:l4ty.
One mile— Forget Not won. High Noon sec
ond, Dr. Wtthrow third. Time, 1:42.
One mile and a sixteenth— Semper Eadem
■won, Eitholln second, Rosa Masso third. Time,
IMS.
Five furlong's— Larkspur won, Laura G G sec
ond. Fairy Dell third. Time, 1:01%.
One mile, seUinß— Manllus won, Juanlta sec
ond, Kyrlat third. Time, 1:43.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— The track was heavy
at Aqueduct to-day, but the sport wu up to
the average. Four favorites, one second choice
an.l an outsider divided the card. The handi
cap at a mile and a quarter, which promised to :
be the best race on the card, was spoiled by !
scratches. Trlllo had only The Gardener and
Marsian to beat, and he won as he pleased.
The fourth race was the best of the day, Sis
ter Fox and Myth being about equal favorites, i
Sister Fox was the best in the going and won ,
cleverly by a length. Myth was eight lengths
in front of Concord, Who was third. Summa
ries:
Six furlongs, selling— Sparrow "Wing won, \
Judge Magee second, Strangest third. Time,
1:16 2-5.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Royal '
Sterling won. Erwln second. Frellnghuysen j
third. Time, 1:60 1-.'.
Six furlongs, selling— Emigre won. Tinkler •
second, Vice Regal third. Time, 1:16 3-5.
Handicap, one mile and a quarter — Trillo !
won. The Gardener second, Marxian third.
Time, 2:13 2-6.
One mile and seventy yards. Belling — Sister
Fox won, Myth second, Concord third. Time,
1:60 3-5.
Five furlongs— Prejudice won. Jamaica sec
ond, Sunoil third. Time. 1:04 2-5.
CHICAGO, Nov. I.— Raining: track heavy.
Results:
Five furlongs, selling— Ocarno won, Fair Test
second. Ben Chance third. Time, 1:06^.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Little Jack
Homer won, Eva Wilson second, Hermoso
third. Time. 1:11 H.
Six furlongs, selling— Her Favor won, Georgie
second. McAlbert third. Time, 1:19.
One mile and seventy yards — Salvable won.
Great Bond second. Jimp third. Time. l:50H-
Pix furlongs— Florlnell II won, Man of Honor
second, NVttle Regent third. Time. 1:18.
One mile and twenty yards, — Facade
■won. Donna Rita second, Prestar third. Time,
l:4<si,4.
OARSMEN GIVE A DANCE.
The Ariel Rowing Club gave Its annual
rtainment and dance at Unlon
re Hall lnst night. The hall was
decorated -with festoons of blue and
white looped with five-pointed gilt
stars, while over the stage in large
gilt letters was the name of the
Ariel Rowing Club. After an overture by
Hynes' Orchestra Johnson Hardy made a
few introductory remarks.
After the programme had been rendered
the hall was clean <i and a dance followed.
Nevada Game Called Off.
BERKELEY, Nov. I.— There will be no i
football match between the University of 1
California and the University of Nevada j
next Saturday afternoon. The faculty of
the Nevada State University refused to
allow the Nevada men to piny. Manager :
Muma of the U. C. team has made ar
rangements for a match with the State |
University >-f Washington. The game will j
be played en the Berkeley gridiron Satur
day afternoon, November 18. '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, November 1, 1899.—Thirty
fourth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fin*. Track heavy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 18)9.
HEAVY BETTING WITH
JEFFRIES FAVORITE
Corbett Backs the Californian and Sharkey
Plunges on His Own Chances.
Boxer Jeffries, Who Will Defend Championship Title.
(FROM A PHOTOGRAPH BY BUSHNELL.)
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Betting on the
battle for the heavy-weight cham
pionship of the world between
James J. Jeffries and Tom Shar
key. to take place at Coney
Island Friday night, was quite brisk to
day. Thousands of dollars were wagered
on both men, with the Californian favorite
at odds of 10 to 8. Perhaps the largest
wager placed was between James J. Cor
betl and George Krauss, a theatrical man.
It was $2000 against $1600, Corbett taking
the. Jeffries end. Up to to-day Corbett
NEW YORK, Nov. I.—
George Siler will contribute to
The Call and the Herald ex
clusively an account of Friday
night's championship battle,
as seen from the referee's
standpoint. Norman Selby
(Kid McCoy) will contribute
to The Call and the Herald
exclusively a technical story
of the fight as he will see it.
id refused to give an opinion on the
suit of the contest, and when askfii his
reason for t he belief that Jeffries would
win the former champion said:
"Because Jeffries is cleverer with his
hands, more nimble on his feet, stronger,
and, In fact. In every was the sailor's su
i" rior ;ts a fighter. In his former contests
Sharkey has had the advantage in
strength over his opponents. With Jef
t'rics it is an entirelj different propositions
ll' la noi only a harder hitter than Shar
k'-y. but, in my Judgment, he can take
more punishment than the sailor."
Jimmy Wakely, former backer of John
Ia Sullivan, is a stanch admirer of the
Callfornian Hercules. He thinks that
Jeffries will win Inside of ten rounds. To
show iiis confidence in the Callfornlan's
pugilistic ability ho made the following
wagers to-night: $K"kki to $Soi with John
Byrnes: $800 to $400 with "Ixirry" Clem*
ents; (500 to $400 with John Cox, and $500
to {400 with J. Green,
"Markle" Mayer is a stronp admirer of
the champion. He bet George Considine
$1000 to $SOO that Jeffries would win. Con
si'line made two other bets of $4'Hi against
$TiOo on Sharkey. He bet with business men
who did not wish their names published.
Tom O'Rourke, Shark^y's manager,
whn appears to be convinced that Shar
key cannot lose, wagered $xoo against
$1000 with a well-known local brewer. a\
g-f \ R^B^^^^if We fiU no retail mail ° rders - S-
IHK fo J"-"-'-"-|i §) 3 /j Good, all wool; in all colors. Ages from 3to 8 years.
nmj \|^B Forages 5 to 10 years; in heavy all-wool Bue £g M*fft_
WP lEr and Chinchilla; some with velvet and others J|| W^S^gffi^jSirrf^
W \ = r =^^^^^SSf These, with the Boys* ULSTER is to 20' and the lone pants suit ijjji S*
5.1 f .v ;' HW < 10 t0 20) . also $7.30 values at $4 and $5, arc splendid examples mm g^ \«S
' •' t*-' ''•""" ' '"'' '^ v^-t^«Qs|y of what is possible In selling " from mill to man direct." Kb/ roy \!Py^<^
121-123 6ansome.sr.nr.Pine
GOSSIP AND
NOTES FROM
THE DIAMOND
Sacramento's Team Will Win
the Championship in the
League Race.
Four weeks more and the league games
will come to an end. Unless something
phenomenal happens Sacramento will win
the championship and the pennant, for
that team has' a comfortable lead. The
turn came last week, when Sacramento
won the Saturday game from Oakland
and was given the Sunday game because
Oakland childishly objected to a decision
of the umpire and refused to continue the
game unless it was changed.
This double loss to Oakland set the
Dudes back, and they are in their old
position at the tail end of the column.
The time is not so short, however, that
Oakland may not work its way up a peg
and finish third in the race. The only
struggle for a position will be between
Santa Cruz and Oakland for third place,
as only 8 per cent separates them at
present. The standing of the teams is as
follows:
After the season is completed there will
probably be a month of ball games be
tween a team formed from Californians
who have played in the East this year
and who are now in California and the
champions. No definite team has been
picked, but the following players would
make a good Eastern combination: Chance
of Chicago, catcher: Hughes of Baltimore
and Knell of Hartford, pitchers. Lange
(Chicago i, first base; Reitz. second base;
Lockhead (Cleveland), shortstop; Hulen
(Kansas City), third base; McHale (Wash
ington), Mertes (Chicago) and Van Hal
tren (New York), fielders.
An Interesting suit was tried yesterday
afternoon, in which Danny Long and
and Chance figured as principals. Long
shim] Chance for S2sf> on an agreement that
the sum was promised the former by the
latter if Chance was given a position on
the Chicago team. Harris was called in
as a witness and testified that he was
instrumental in securing the position for
Chance.
On Saturday next and Sunday Oakland
and Sacramento will meet in this city
for the afternoon games, and in Oakland
Sunday morning. Sacramento and Santa
Crux will cross bats in Vallejo, the Lob
sters playing a local batter;,. A large
crowd is expected from the adjacent
towns. The games nt Vallejo will be
played Sunday morning and afternoon.
Smith, who, by the way, will officiate as
Jeffries' timekeeper at the contest, ha.s
bet $1000 against $800 on the Californian, I.
T. Henry taking the Sharkey end. Dick
Kane announced t"-night he had $3500 to
bet against U 00 that Sharkey would win.
Hundreds of small wagers were recorded.
Both Sharkey and Jeffries took their
final exercise at their respective training
charters to-day. Jeffries' work at Allen
hurst consisted of sparring:, wrestling and
a game of handball. At the conclusion of
his day's work he said that he never felt"
better in bis life and was never so confi
dent of victory. He says he Is in much
better condition than when he fought
Fitzsimmon.s, and remarked:
"Having beaten Sharkey once, why
shouldn't I do it ;;pain?"
It leaked out at Allenhurst to-day that
had Sharkey not agreed to a postpone
ment of the battle and claimed Jeffries'
forfllt money of $1000 the California!)
would have insisted upon a new set of
articles being drawn and a clause inserted
to the effect that the winner take all. It
is said that somebody told Sharkey of it
and he agreed to the postponement with
out, claiming the forfeit money. This
story was told by Jeffries' trainers as
showing the big fellow's confidence in his
ability to take the sailor's measure.
Jettries will break up his training camp
to-morrow. He will do no work at all,
simply "loaf" around until he starts for
this city on the 2 o'clock train. He will
be accompanied by Tommy Ryan, Ernest
Roeber, Billy Delaney and Jack Jeffries.
On his arrival In town he will immedi
ately repair to the Vanderbilt Hotel, re
maining there until 8 o'clocn.. when he
will visit tne Broadway Athletic Club to
see the twenty-five round bout between
George Dixon of Boston- and Will Cur
ley "f England. He will spend the night
at the Vanderbilt Hotel and leave early
Friday morning for Coney Island.
Sharkey also got in good practice licks
at his training quarters at Newdorp to
day. His exercise, which was of a very
vigorous character, comprised bag punch
ing, boxing, wrestling, handball and work
on the wrist machine. The sailor is a
thoroughly trained athlete and said to
some friends to-day that physically he
never felt better in his life. Up reiterated
his prediction of a few days ago that he
would win inside of fifteen rounds.
Tom will take things very easy to-mor
row, his programme for the day provid
ing for light work on the wrist' machine
and a short walk. He will leave his train
ing quarters at fi o'clock and will be ac
companied by George Dixon, whom he
Continued on Seventh Page.
JOHN GRACE
THE YOUNGER
WILL JUDGE
Has Been Retained as an Of
ficial by San Mateo Cours
ing Association.
John Grace Jr. will be in the saddle at
Jan Mateo Coursing Park hereafter, as
uming the dutles'of judge performed dur
ng the past two weeks by C. J. Jerome.
'Jack" Grace, as his familiars call him,
las been reared from childhood in an at
nosphere of coursing. His father is rec
gnized as the most noted official connect
<i with the sport in America. He has
ieen a coursing man for over a third of
, century and has earned an enviable
eputation for probity and honesty. The
on has absorbed knowledge of the sport
from his father and knows all the intri
cate details and the fine distinctions of
judging. He has officiated at Los An
geles, Stockton and elsewhere, but his
present engagement is his most important
one. Arthur Massey, who has proved an
excellent slipper, will not be disturbed.
The offer of $10 to the winner of one
course and other prizes In proportion has
attracted the large entry of ninety-eight
dogs for the stake. The draw resulted as
follows :
J. J. Higgins' Currency vs. Ed Wilson's
Magnesia; \V. H. Jones' Rustan vs. C. Sulll-
JUDGE JOHN GRACE JR.
van's Gallagher: J. Norton's La. Goleta vs. B.
Woods' Battle Ax; R. K. do B. Lopez s Arrow
v- \.n.-i.l Kennels' Van Knapp: W. (reamers
White Wedge vs. J. O'Shea's V.mng Hrenzi;
■ W. Cr.-anWs D<-lla M vs. I^wler & Watson b
i Richmond Lead; A. <". Bradbury ■ Victor
VB a. <" Bradbury" n Sardonic: T. f .
Logans Miss Grizsle vs. Joseph Perry's Com
modore Nash: M. London's Leonldas vs. M.
London's Bharkey; Russell, Wileon & Aliens
Belle GlaJr vs. H. H. dray's Rona; P. J.
Rellly's Warship vs. J. M. Haltons Lavender;
B. Woods' Hlack Knight vs. J. Jones 1 Galivant;
Larkey <* Rock's Minerva vb P. Heron? U
favett'e J O'Dowd's Clifton Lass vs. E. F.
Miilcaster's Lacs o" Cowrie: P. Heron's Fair
Play vs. J. Perrte 1 Leah; ■'• O'Dowd's Shoot
ovef vs H. Bellcanl's Whisk Broom; Kelly
& Handleys Bahy King vs. B. Casaerly s
Lady Blanche; P. Heron"s Martha Washington
vs J Carroll's Auckland; W. H. Jones' Lady
! Marion vs. .T. Kennedy's Ever Sure; E. Bau-
I melster's Winning Ways vs. J. Hurley s Star
of Cuba; E. Baumeister's War Claud vs. F.
Schou's Precede: Kd Wilson's Magnet vs. J.
O" Shea's Young America: J. H. Smith's Mer-
I ced vs W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; E. M.
j Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. M. Lon
don's Mapneto: D. J. Healey's Lady
Claire vs T A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott;
J Jones Moonlight vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas: J. McOrmlek's Primrose vs. P. M■-
Kone's Rigby: W. H. Lord's Revolver vs. H.
H Oray's Terronette;; A. Van der Woyte a
Master Cordon vs. Jeff Martinett's Sally
Brass- P J. Noltes" Rich and Artless vs. W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore; E. M. Kellogg's Lady
(liimi.ro Vi 3 Cyßhea's Golden Gate; A. John
son's Bald Eagle vs. M. Michalek's Glen Roy;
M Sterling's Young Lochinvar vs. J. McC r
macks Hair Brain; E. M. Kellogg's Hummer
vs \ Tohnson's Tod Sloan; A. C. Bradbury's
Buni 'vs J. Keenan's Blacklock; J. Carroll's
Redhlnd vs. J. Seggerson's White Chief; J.
Keenan's Royal Buck vs. Pasha Kennels Rest
Assured- Groman & Bettencourfs Forget Me
Not vs H Allen's Mlbf Lois: K. Casserly'i
Silence' vs. J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory;
T Kennedy's Night Time vs. Joseph Norton's
General McClellan: H. Allen's Alberta VS. W.
C Glasson'R Terronite; J. Kennedys Wine
■\Ve«t VS R. K. de B. Lopez's Green Valley
Maid' M Sterling's Mountain Hawk vs. W.
(■reamers Report; J. Bradshaw's Beauty vs.
T, Wiggins' Pexter P: E. M. Kellogg s lowa
Boy vs Aeneid Kennels' Pretender; J. Kee
nan's Royal Oak vs. Russell. Wilson & Aliens
Chioaso Boy; Joseph Norton's Cadenza vs. H.
F Anderson's Crawford Lad; Jeff Martinets
Buxton vs. D- J- Healey's Maori I-and.
McMillan Bests Cannon.
BT'TTE, >innt., Nov. L— D. McMillan of
Chicago and Louis Cannon of Kansas
City wrestled at the opera-house to-night
for" the championship in mixed wrestling.
Cannon secured the first fall, Graeco-Ro
man After wrestling twelve minutes Me
Mill-in eot a body hold and threw ( an
non securing the fall. In falling Cannon
struVk on his head and was so injured
he was unable to go on with the other
two bouts and the decision was given to
McMillan.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. I.— The ateamer
Danube, which arrived here to-day,
hrinirs news of the wreck of the river
steamer Olme May on Tagish Lake, hav
ing struck a rock and sunk.
Oast*
MOTTO WINS
AT COURSING
FOR McCOMB
His Representative Gets the
Midweek Stake at Union
Park.
F. A. McComb's white and black prey
hound Motto vron the midweek stake at
Union Coursing Park yesterday, defeating
J. H. Perigo's Controller in the all-impor
tant final. Controller seemed to have an
excellent chance in the final, as in the
third and fourth rounds ho had easy
"byes," one accidental, the other natural.
He led to the hare by four lengths
secured the first turn. The hare proved a
strong one and Motto outstayed and out
worked hf-r opponent until their game es
caped. The score was 10 points to 5.
Motto met Morning Glory in the first
round and the hare proving a short one,
won handily. In the third round she met
Lady Gilmore and won by the narrow
margin of one point, the score being 3
to 2. The coursing throughout the day
was excellent, the majority of the hares
proving sufficiently tleet of foot to carry
the dogs across the field. The results,
with the official score in each course, fol
low:
Handy & Smith's Victor beat J. McCormack's
Hair Brain 10—2; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan (a
bye)- Pasha Kennels' Random Aim beat
Aeneid Kennels' Pretender. 22—3; J. Jones
Gallvant beat Ed Wilson's Magnesia, 16—3;
Curtis & Son's Commodore beat J. Watkins
Beauty, 14—2; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat M.
B. Kavanaugh's The Earl, 4-2; J. Hurley's
Star of Cuba beat A. Johnson s Bald Eagle,
B— 7; Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Morn beat B.
Woods' Black Night, IS— 7; Pasha Kennels
May • Hempstead beat W. Dowst's Sarcastic.
13—8- F. A. McComb's Motto beat J. J. Ed
wards' Morning Glory, 7-0; E. M. Kellogg s
Lady Glimore beat John Kerrigan Light foot.
22—8; Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat J. Holden s
Scottish Chief. 28-8; J. Collins Matchless beat
D. J. Healey's Maggie N, 7-i: ; J. H Perigo s
Belle Seward beat J. Jones' Moonlight 3-..
J. H. Perlgo's Lady Davenport beat W. L
Trode's Wondering Tom. 6-4; W. H. Lord
Revolver beat J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl, 7-4,
J. Seggerson's White Chief beat Curtis & Son s
Vanity Fair. 3-1; Curtis & Son's McKinley
beat P. Doyle's Wild Monarch, 21-9; Pasha
Kennels' Reannex beat Al Austin s Firm toe,
5—4- F A. McComb's Miss Skyrocket beat J.
H Smith's Merced. 11-6; D. Sheehan's Forgive
beat Pasha Kennels' Ready Answer, S— o; W.
Cairn's Imperial beat B. Baumelster s V\ar
Cloud, 20-5; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat Gua
Abercrombie's Irma, 12-5; J. " ■';;' s W ild
wood beat George I>.-ihu?fn's Fireball, 6— .»; J.
H Perigo'a Controller beat T. Sullivan s Maid
of the Hill. 2-1: I. F. Halton's Tlo Tac beat
J. McCormack's Primrose, 4—o; Pasha Ken
nels' Right Arm beat K. A. McCombs ■ Judge
Wallace, 14— S: J. Fitzgerald Peaceful Glen
beat Handy & Smith' i Magic, lfr— 9.
Second round— Tod Sloan beat victor, 4—o,
Galivant beat Random Aim. 4—l; Commodore
beat Delia M, V 0; Frosty Morn beat Star of
Cuba, 4—2; Motto beat May Hempstead, u— o;
Lady Gilmore beat Athena, 5-1; Matchless beat
Belle Seward, s— o; Revolver beat Lady Daven
port. 14—8; White Chief beat McKiniey. o— 0;
Reannex beat Miss Skyrocket. 10-3; Forgive
beat Imperial, M-9; Wildwood beat Aeneas^
10—4; Controller beat Tic Tac. B—.; Right Aim
beat Peaceful Glen, 10—4. .';/," .
Third round— Tod Sloan beat Galivant, 11—5,
Commodore beat Frosty Morn, 11-9; Motto beat
Lady Gilmore 3—2; Revolver beat Matchless,
16— i- Reannez beat White Chief, 12-S; Wild
wood beat Forgive, 15—6; Controller, a bye;
Right Aim, withdrawn-.
Fourth round— Tod Sloan beat Commodore, 15
—10; Motto beat Revolver. 12—3; Wildwood beat
Reannex 82— 0: Controller, a bye. !»-*; ug
|lfthr7«nd -Moti ■ beat Tod Sloan, 1&-4; n.
troller beat Wildwood, 24—2. „
Final— Motto beat Controller, 10— o.
SATURDAY'S OPEN STAKE.
A sixty-four ring- open stake and a con
solation stake for the dogs fiefmted In
the run-down is the card offered by the
management of Union Park for Saturday
and Sunday. Among the best of the en
tries are: O X Capitol, Theron, Thorn
hill, Rock Island King, For Glory, Rusty
Gold, Rock Island Boy, Daisy Clair,
Gladiator, Cavalier, Minneola. Master
Clair, St. Anthony and the Texas grey
hound May Queen. A total of $fi6o will be
disbursed in the two stakes. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Open stake, 64 dogs— Sterl & Knowlea' Sleety
Mist vs. Pasha kennels' Royal Anne; 6. Maho
ney's Chief of the Hill vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Julius Caesar; J. Hurley's O X Capi
tol vs J C Talbofs Black Rock; George
Whitney's Theron vs. T. J. Cronin's Thornhill;
R P Julian's Sweet Music vs. O. H. Harri
son's Hot Haste; J. P. Thrift's Pt. Michael vs.
D. Sheehan's Forgive; J. H. JVrigo's Pretty
Girl vs e'tus Aberoromble's Rock Island King;
Pasha kennels' Rapid Addition vs. Curtis &
Son's Beacon; R. L, Taylors Moae vs. A. J.
.1; Handy <«.- Smith's Petronlus vs.
St> rl i* Knowles 1 Frosty M.>rn; Al Austin's
Firm Foe vs. Gus AbercromMe's Miss Rich
mond; George Sharman's Mlsa Bkyr k.t vs.
Pasha kennelB 1 Rollicking Airs; J. Holden's
Scottish chief vs. Curtis* & Son's Vanity Pair;
stt-ri iv Knowlea' For Glory vs. Pasha k^nnei-s'
Random Aim; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold vs.
ij:;s A • Rock Isir-.r.ii !;■■>■; j. Dean's
Belle of Anderson vs. 8. Hah ray's Nellie G;
Curtis & Son's Vulcan vs. E. Coffin's ; J.
P. Thrift's Forget vs. T. J. Cronin's Depend
On Me; George Shannan's Walt a Lltth- vs.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy Clair; J. Ker
rigan's Conqueror vs. Pasha kennels' May
Hempstea 1; W. Cairns' Imperial vs. E. Camp
bell's Anyshone Girl; J. Dean's Gladiator vs.
Handy & Smith's Viator; Curtis & Son's Cav
alier vs. Handy ft Smiths Ida; J. H. Perigo's
Lady Davenp rt vs. G. H. Burfelnd'i Pastime;
H. A. Deckelm»n's Snapshot vs. D> Chetla's
Golden Russet; R. E. de B. I/opei's Minnpola
vs. H. A. Dcckelman's Prince George; J. Dick
son's Black Bess vs. Aeneld kennels' Athrnia;
Gus Ahorcromble's Irma vs. K. <i- R. Scott's
Lord Byron; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs
Curtis k- Bon's McKinley; Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Master Claire vs. H. W. Rike's Nancy
R; Ed Evatt'S Hurricane vs R. E. de B. Lo
pez's St. Anthony; Krwtn ft Lyons' May Queen
vs. P. McCabe's Craig Boy.DAVIS WILL DOWN THE BOSSES
Bright Omens
of Victory.
♦
The Workingmen
Applaud the
Ticket.
— « —
Phelan and Sam RaU
ney Falling Behind
Every Day.
GREAT DANGER IN
OVERCONFIDENCE
THE campaign In behalf of
Hor and clean gov
is making splendid
ss. The meetings under tho
l cora
i barai ter of
the candidate
So many remarkable
!.a\!> been ob
the Repub
unpalgn
:re convinced of Mr.
Pavis' • a by a triumphal ma-
Again Tho Call .Irsiros to cau
tion the committee regarding tho
i'-nee. Work
I in any dis
trict. T an lea lera may
rniaii^n that dis
which K'.tv.,- Phelan a large
ember will swing
mn next
■ g intelli
: txation
rk.
I should b«
; on the mind of every
' ■■' the cunning,
38 - that fatten at the
- •: ■■• are ! - hind Phelan
men of
should be ap
iunt The
hese men should
n ; ■
• night before election.
: the people will
:;uil the bosses
hunteri who pro
grammed the Democratic conven
ed at the polls.
ALL the signs point to the election
of Horace Davis. The clean can
vass conducted by the Republican
party wins the approval of the peo
ple. The Republican nominee for
Mayor is a man of fine Intellect, high
character and decent associates. It can
be truly said of him that he does not
lead a double life. I
The convention which nominated Hor
ace Davis proceeded from the people
through the rations of the Stratum
primary law. The delegates to the con
rentlon were not boss-ridden. There was
no boss behind the scenes directing the
lolegates to nominate this man or that
man. The Republican ticket, therefore,
.s representative of the best citizenship
Df San Francisco.
The Democratic municipal convention
it-as programmed from the outset. Phe
an, Rainey and Mi Nab selected the nom
inees long before the delegates balloted.
Dn September 15, three weeks before the
aominations were made, The Call pub
ished the Democratic ticket. The Phelan
ilate was broken at one stage of the pro
ceedings when Haley was nominated for
County Clerk, but Boss Phelan, who waß
5.- hind the scenes, personally directing af
,'airs, ordered that the result should not
£>c announced. The broken forces of the
»oss were anally rallied and whipped Into
line. "When order was restored Phelan
remanded that Dennis Geary should be
sinced on the ticket for County Clerk and
;he -ridden convention obeyed the
►ommand. Now Phelan has Geary on his
lands, and the Democrats wish him Joy
it his new possession.
Democrats who have carried the banner
»f Democracy in many a hard-fought
jampalgn for the maintenance of Jeffer
mnian principles are not lending their
lupport to the Phelan<-Rainey municinal
leket. Many of them are supporting Dr.
Cleveland, the nominee of the People's
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spins of success
A vacant chair and a portrait on the
— strange symbols of success I Yet,
in many a home these are the symbols
of the success of the man who did not
find time to care for his health, or neg-
lected the increasing warnings of disease
which Nature gave
?) { *!M him. When the
i £*^*Seh ' ' ''//,' StOmaCn S " Wea^"
!I 1 /^^?*^S 'Ml anc^ s i m per-
> { w^^™ 1/ fectly digested and
: \Btfhss iii assimilated, it is
m \&s!&wf 'iii ou^y a q uesl -io n °f
i j ."|ll|| time until the
\ j* { xg^tjc [IfijJ break-down comes.
jj in '""l" f% The stomach is the
***",^f^^^^W/fM very center of vi-
JmLL wm 1 7/|m tal power and must
L/ffl bSfot-ryy if M be kept in health
i r^i't'^iffA'W\\ l . v if sickness is to be
\ 1/ I avoided. Doctor
rIWMP^ 1 if Hl' Pierces Golden
\WWmA ' 'fj Medical Discovery
■ 'tfl'JrMW Hi cures diseases of
Ml4a»jsK^|M the stomach and
LaOlOßaiFrer*! other organs of di-
S^^^^^iT j'S.{;^9 gestion and nutri-
I 'MSKfitf&lliSP&sSpM I rich blood, and
w^wf^S&l s ives the ]yod y
strength to with-
||gg sssffv^'-^--^ stand the strain
i g* £a3gS£:Ni l|\ put upon it by the
j '.--.'■? : "<'k*2J " I was a sufferer
1 from what the doctors
called indigestion, but after trying several emi-
nrnt physicians failed to get a cure." writes Mr.
Frank ride, of Independence, Jackson Co.,
Mo., Box 473. "Some of my 'symptoms were
soreness in pJI of stomach, fullness, tired feel-
in ', constipation ; sometimes soreness would
extend to bowels. Some one recommended me
to take Dr. l'ierce's Golden Medical Discovery,
which I did, and after taking only a few bottles
of ' Discovery ' and your • Pleasant Pellets • can
e-iv I derived more benefit from them than any
other medicine I ever tried. I began to gain
flesh from the start. Have recommended it to
others and will continue to do so."
The sluggish liver made active by Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets.
(<Q^ C^,©O.©<V*©^V*' <; *'© <^'© 4 *'©
; coo* Pills L AQ H i
for th& BOWELS 5
! BEEOHAM'S PILLS i
I 1O cent* and 25 cent* f
SHALL SCHOOL TEACHERS OF SAN FRANCISCO APPLY HERE
RECENT disclosures should convince every intelligent citizen of San Francisco that Boss Rainey is the secret political agent of Phelan
in this campaign. Under the administration of Mayor Phelan Rniney has enjoyed special privileges and consideration. He main
tains a firm grasp on the Fire Department with Phelan's knowledge and acquiescence. Men who study politics beneath the sur
face reach the intelligent conclusion that Rainey is reaching out for enlarged powers. It would not be surprising if the existing secret bar
gain stipulated that Rainey should annex School Department patronages to his Fire Department privileges.
School teachers and the parents of school children may contemplate the spectacle of Boss Rainey indorsing and rejecting applications
for positions in the Department of Education. In days gone by, under Democratic administration of municipal affairs, the source of au
thority in the School Department was established in a Bush street saloon. If history does not repeat itself it may come so close to repe
tition that School Department headquarters will be fixed at the St. George stables on Bush street.
party, while others prefer to remain silent i
and passive.
The demoralization of the Phelan- i
Rainey column is obvious. At the begin- j
ning of the campaign leaders on both
sides favored a clean contest. The cam- ;
paign had not proceeded far on these lines i
when Phelan and Rainey saw that they
were losing ground. The great audiences ]
which assembled to hear and cheer Hor- |
ace Davis and listen to the intelligent ut- i
terances of other Republican speakers I
alarmed Phelan and Rainey. In order to
check the Republican advance Rainey
rt..mmended a return to sewer rat poll
tics, hence the Examiner and Bulletin
witre Instructed to revile and caricature
Horace Davis and cast upon his honored |
name every manner of foul aspersions.
The purpose in the change of tactics was
to throw dust in the eyes of the people
and divert their attention from the real
issues of the campaign. The plan did not
succeed. Since the Democratic change of
base the Republican meetings have been
larger and more inspiring to the people
than ever. Horace Davis is gaining
strength every hour.
The Republican merchants who sup- j
ported Phelan in 1896 and IS9B are now
heart and soul for Horace Davis. They
reason Intelligently that a Democratic
Victory In San Francisco at this election]
would be accepted throughout the country I
as a slap in the face of the Republican j
national administration.
Phelan in the role . of tyrant has pro
claimed a boycott on all Republicans who
have the sense and courage to consider
national questions in the local campaign.
It Is essential to the merchant, the me
chanic and the laborer at all work that
tli<- prosperity In San Francisco, achieved
under Republican auspices, shall be pro
longed, hence 30,000 Republican electors
prefer to take a broad view of the con
test Phelan declares that bo will, if re
elected Mayor, exclude from the governing
commissions to be appointed under the
new charter all Republicans who sock to
introduce national politics into the local
campaign.
His Imperial Highness James D.
Phelan therefore appoints himself kei per
of the conscience and intelligence of Re
publicans. If he can arrogate to himself
the right to tell people what political ;
sentiments they shall introduce at certain I
seasons of the year, and what shall not '
be considered, ne may soon In his ar- j
romance assume to tell people what they I
snail eat, what they shall wear, where j
they shall worship and whom they shau I
praise. In addressing the Montio.ello Club I
at Metropolitan Temple Friday evening,
October 27, he issued the edict of I
proscription. He would be glad to have
the people forget that he proclaimed i.ie
ostracism, but The Call will keep the
facts before the public.
The Republicans in every district of the
city are displaying remarkable activity
The candid, honest utterances of II
i>avis are more effective thnn the bril
liant generalities of the average cam
paign orator. A significant and gratify
ing feature of the contest is the cordial
welcome which the workingmen extend
to the Republican nominee for Mayor, 'i ne
magnitude of Horace Davis' vote south
of Market street and along the water
front will surprise the political prophets
in the Democratic camp.
The taxpayers of the city are sizing up
Phelan. They may be fooled once or
twice, but to fool them a third time re
quires more ingenuity than the Mayor
possesses. The plain figures presented to
the people demonstrate that the salary
roll at the City Hall lias expanded to j
THE SAN FR A 1S T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, KOVEMBER 2, 1899.
alarming proportions since Phelan"s first
election to the office of Mayor in 1896. It
is the Mayor's duty under the law to
guard against extravagance, robbery and
jobbery, but Phelan allowed one Board of
Education to outrageously plunder the
revenues of the School Department. The
sum of $1,000,000 scarcely represents the
increased cost of city government under
Phelan's administration of municipal af
fairs. Phelan's knowledge of business af
fairs is limited. He knows how to collect
rent and evict a delinquent tenant, but his
business sagacity hardly extends beyond
that degree.
Republican rallies will be held this even
ing in various sections of the city. Fol
lowing is the schedule of the meetings:
Fortieth District— Franklin Hall, Sutter
and Bush streets.
Twenty-eighth District— Second and Fol
snm streets.
Thirty-fifth District— Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets.
Thirty-fourth District— Mission Opera
house, Mission street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth.
Forty-first District— Pixley Hall, Pach.c
MEN, ARE^YOU WEAK?
01 Here Is Strength for You, Young Man— Strength
3!y jm From Nature and Without Dosing Your
o^f7f^^^^ stomacll Wltfl Dm £ s *
&-t'jfflw!rfs^ ' When you feel the vitalizing current of Electricity
I 'mM&M&L-^ warming your vitals you will enjoy a new ambition, cour-
/.yiflß^^i^K? aRe ' Vim and confidence. You will realize for once what
wJd*ffl&&t^ : P erfect manhood means, for it will develop all the strength
kW/^^fWh of mind and body that denotes manhood in its truest sense.
M 0U "IJrTmcLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
i MW DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
ya/,. % ySwf'inh nn „ . t .rpmtv t^ 170 Orchard street. San Jose. Cal.. Oct. 26. 1899.
Wi I - K®///( D , R - M..A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I suffered from pains In the back and kidneys and
C'Vif W I was In a very, weak state. I used your Belt for two months and It entirely cured me of
r». %§/ L 080 ailments I have been strong and free from pain ever since: that is three months ago.«
m' \ mi : A My back an ■ kidneys: are sou and well and I have been recommending your Belt for
W \ fill Jnt oth«r cases similar to mine. Tours very truly. A. M. FARRELL.
•WM ml -S^y^k— ThlS ' S the reSUlt Of my 20 years of constant devotion to the upbuilding of
s^|f ( "^^Sia.^ manly vig:or ' ll will cure you. Will you try It? My Belt never burns nor
£ i \Jm i ~ = r :^f'w^o^^i^ blisters, as do old style belts. Has a perfect regulator and chamois covered
•\«*j*2J Riad my 80-page book. I send it closely sealed, free, upon request.
fiD II A II a I Al l Oil I 1 11 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, °« ice H0,,r,-s a.m. to 8.39 Pm .
Lin Ifl M mr! MlihrSl IN S. F. and Burdick Block. Sundays. 10 to 1.
■#111 Ifll 111 IflUlalT I 111 Cor. Bpring and Seoond, Lot Angelei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
avenue and Polk street.
Thirty-ninth District— Scottish Hall, 117
Larkln street.
Horace Davis Business Men's Club,
Pioneer Hall, Fourth street, between
Market and Mission.
COLORED CITIZENS
FOR HORACE DAVIS
An enthusiastic meeting of the colored
citizens of the city and county of San
Francisco was held last night in Califor
nia Hall, 620 Bush street, for the purpose
of indorsing the candidacy of Horace
Davis for Mayor and of the other aspi
rants for positions on the Republican
ticket.
At x o'clock the hall was crowded. The
meeting was called to order by S. M.
Davison, who stated in a few words the
principal issues of the campaign and the
necessity of placing Republican candi
dates in office. He then introduced the
speakers of the evening, including Horace
Davis, Major Kyle. Major Boxton, L. A.
Gibbons, John Lackmann, C. H. Jackson
and other candidates. Mr. Davis was re
ceived with cheers, which continued to
punctuate his address.
Before adjourning resolutions, signed by
hundreds of colored voters, were passed
and adopted, pledging firm support to
Republican candidates and principles.
SPIRITED RALLY IN
THE THIRTY-EIGHTH
The Republican Wigwam at 1032 Golden
Gate avenue was packed to the street
last night by a vociferous and intensely
enthusiastic gathering of voters. When
Continued on Seventh Page,
POLITICAL.
♦♦♦♦»♦»»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦♦
MASS MEETING
HORACE DAVIS
Business Men's Republican Club
-f\T—
PIONEER HALL
FOURTH ST., NEAR MARKET,
THIS EVENING
AT 8 O'CLOCK.
THE HON. HORACE DAVIS
AND OTHER ABLE SPEAKERS WILL ADDRESS THE MEETING.
C. S. LAUMEISTER, President.
JAMES A. WILSON, Secretary.
REPUBLICAN TICKET.!
Progress and Prosperity,
For Mayor,
HORACE DAVIS.
For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor,
ALBERT HEYER. j
For City Attorney,
CHARLES H. JACKSON.
For Sheriff,
JOHN LACKMANN.
For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT.
For Treasurer,
LOUIS FEUSIER.
For Recorder,
WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY.
For County Clerk.
WILLIAM A. DEANE.
For District Attorney,
ALFRED P. BLACK.
For Coroner,
A. D. McLEAN.
For Public Administrator,
JOHN FARNHAM.
For Supervisors,
EMMET P. BARRETT.
NATHAN 8180.
CHARLES BLISS.
CHARLES BOXTON.
VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
SAMUEL FOSTER.
D. C. M. GOODSELL.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON.
WILLIAM C. JOHNSON.
MILO S. JEFFERS.
CHARLES J. KING.
THOMAS H. MORRIS.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON.
GEORGE T. SHAW.
EMIL N. TORELLO.
I. J. TRUMAN.
WILLIAM WATSON.
CYRUS S. WRIGHT.
For Police Judges,
L. G. CARPENTER.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN.
CHARLES A. LOW.
JAMES L. NAGLE.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
For Sheriff,
lull DEO
(Present Supervisor of Tenth Ward.)
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
1. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR/
M. J. FONTANA.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Home
Rule Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. Cumming
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
City Attorney . . . Franklin K. Lane
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
Tax Collector .... Richard P. Doolan
Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
Becorder Edmund Godchaux
County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
District Attorney .Lewis F. Byington
Coroner Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
H.TJ.Brandenstein, Thomas Jennings,
P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohli,
Dr.A.A. d'Ancona, Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed,
B. M. Hotaling, Joseph S. Tobin,
POLICE JUDGES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Fritz.
Charles T. Conlan,Ed P. Mogan.
FOR MAYOR,
7
JAMES B. PHEUN.
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE,
For CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BVINOTON.
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C O'DOIXNELL
fOR CORONER.
iaM We 'aR-Sflf A \j k TM F^f rff^» vr*>
Ira gqf^j «■ \ ; Uhß Kf 6ri fX
nfflH Jr^ff 1 S Hi Rn Ifc^k^
HsßßfljiSa^l SOB SBfIjfBCSfiSESSSvSI^S ■" Ph^s
H a 9 R tiß X
HALL'S KOINVIGOR.4 TOR
Bu "G2 ' Five hundred reward for any
(■^^ case wo cannot cure. This secret
|3 « w-E remedy stops all losses in 24
g&l EaK: hours, cures Emissions, lmpo-
l7!Tl JYiiIII tency. Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
BHB EBf Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
I S^jJv-SrRS' Manhood and all wasting effects
| l ~*' -»— ■ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
; ■caled, $3 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
i cur* any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
; BTITUTE, 865 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
let sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All privat*
j Aii«a»ea quickly cured. Bend for free book.
56
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 2, 1899
-,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. j
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F;
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 10 CENTS PER WEEK.
finale Copies. 5 c<>nt«.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage;
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
I>AILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 month* 3.00
1 AiLY CALL (iceiucHnc Sunday Call). 3 mont U 5.... 1.60
DAILY CALL— Single Month OCo
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
MEEKLY CALL One Tear 1.00
All po«tmastera are authorised to reoelvj «übscrlptlon».
Samp.a copies •will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
■ ■■ ' ■
C. GEORGE KROGNEBB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette BnHdlnft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squaro
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS dR 38 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bbermon Howe; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel)
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Bre-ntaoo, 81 Union B<ru&r*r
Murray Hill Hotel. -
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L ENGLISH, Co-respondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 A\ontsomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:50 o'clock
S4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
etreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '090
Valencia ttreet. open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh '■
street, open untii 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty*;
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMMIS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
imbla— "By the Bad ?*;> Waves. "
: • . vn."
TlVOli- -"The X ■ :V
•• . re."
I Opera House— "The Cnsplrators."
Zoo and Tii'mut— Vaudeville every aft^inoon and
l
mpia, corner 31 n and K'.lis Ptreets— Specialties.
Albanibra— Mi: >\ Flfl, from I'aris, .Sunday evening, No-
Central Park— Steeplf mces.
ay evening.
" • . ■ • -Races, No-
.
■■- • ■ 'Hy
AUCTTON SALES.
- Jay, at 2 o'clock, Turkish Per-
-1 'V, at 10 o'clock. Horses, at corner
POLITICS AMD THE FLAG.
IX a speech made to workingmen on Tuesday Mr.
111 K. Lane said: "We sent our boys to
for the flag. They came from down here —
:ingmen. It lies in no man's
• ie Democrats arc untrue to the flag.'
me. The Bag is a national flag.
that mention of things national
■ ; charter. But who has said tha*
were untrue to the flag? We have not
Mr. Lane have to kick himself
mad about being kicke-i? The only
tism has been made by Mr.
I that Republicans were so scarce in
ny that Major deary did not see any in Mta
a false impeachment of Republican
I an appeal to national matters,
for which the Mayor was alone responsible. It was
untrue, as would be a like slur upon Democrats on
:;ie subject. The party politics of men had
tment in the Spanish
war. U i 'hat Mr. Lane and Mr. Phelan
'ing men and patriotic, but they did not
extent of enlisting, and they would
both better let the men who did enlist alone and
k r e properties in their
four-stands-a-night party theatrical troupe. Mr. Lane
is a young gentleman in | i of a brilliant
ary, stocked with high-priced words. His
t periods, woven all of bright-colored speech
until they were gay as a Xavaio blanket or a Mexican
. put on the market in behalf of Mr.
nd and all his works, were accepted at the
time a! essions of his sentiments. That
he has vocal fabrics of equally irridescent color in
: unciation of Mr. Cleveland and the
exaltation of Mr. Bryan is evidence of the versatility
- convictions.
Really he does not need to draw upon the abun
dant resource? of hi- fertile imagination for straw
facts to serve as a uxt to hi? flowing speech. AH
men admit that he loves the flag. Every star and
i as dear to him as the apple of his eve.
Let it go at that, Mr. Lane, and don't treat work
in gmen a? so ignorant that you can make them l>e
;iny one has decried their patriotism. They work
for a living. You work for an office. They pay your
U wear a "liiled shirt." They meet you !
campaign, and we have no doubt that your
! oratory enlivens their noon hour. But be
times you don't hire them. You don't pay
them wages. You have no capital embarked in those
which by paying wages enable
wnrkingmen to support their families and yours, for
you live on a salary paid by taxing them. You don't
go down among them when you are not a can
advocating other candidates, and their
ite and deprived of your interest
ing presence except at such times as their votes are ',
Beet ssary to your persona] purposes. We will admit,
for the sake i '■ the argument, that Mr. Phelan and Mr.
• ■ ht for sympathy with work
n. but their vigils pay no wages nor add an
: basket and store. \\> sun;
that Mr. Phelan rents houses to laborers, but the
which pay hi rents are earned in employment
by him nor Mr. Lane.
Phelan oratorical troupe said to
workingmen the other day that Mr. Plielan is the
workingmen's candidate, while "Mr. Davis is the can
didate of their employers. Now, in its essence, the
ttion fe this: Both workingmen and their em
ployers \vant such an industrial condition that two
employer^ nrc after one laborer, not. two or many
laborers beseeching the same employer for a job that
only one man can have. Out of the agony and bloody
I of hard times this city and State have slowly
emerged into a condition in which the employers arc
looking tor workmen, and but few need be id!-*.
If both employers and employed conclude that the
election of Mr. Davis will tend to the maintenance
of these industrial conditions which both desire it is
not a friendly act in Mr. Lane, no matter in what
oratorical coruscation it may be clothed,' to make
class appeals to workingmen for the support of can
didates who have never been laborers nor em
ployers. v s
THE BRITISH REVERSE.
THE strained attention of the world is fixed upon
South Africa. The nations have grown accus
tomed to England's triumphant march of em
pire. Since her loss of the American colonies she has
had no serious reverse. Her policy was mapped out
by that British statesman who cried out: "The road
Ito greatness is in getting land. Get land! Get land!
| And never surrender a single grain of sand."'
In pursuance of that policy she has been getting
' land in every zone, and frequently with disregard of
the rights of its owners and its sovereignty. But the
■ shadow on her path amply justifies the statesmanship
of I'.laine, who said land should not be acquired by
! force when it carried an indignant and hostile popu
-1 lation. Where Enpland has been able to displace an
| aboriginal race by planting her own people, under
1 physical conditions that permit their perpetuation
; from generation to generation, her policy has
| strengthened rather than weakened her. In Canada,
! New Zealand and Australia she has the moral and
I physical support of people of her own race and
blood, who enjoy the benefit of her institutions. But
in tropical India and throughout her conquests in the
torrid zone she rules a sullen population, indignant
and hostile, under a vertical sun that bars out her
own blood. j
Her present attempt is in reality to end duality of
sovereignty in South Africa and make a right of way
for a Cairo to Cape railroad on ground under British
control.
In its execution she must wipe out the two Dutch
republics. Their people are in arms fighting for their
; independence and their homes. If they are overcome
| and their self-government is destroyed the survivors
will constitute that indignant and hostile population
: described by Mr. Blame.
So far the South African republicans have the ad
< vantage in the fighting. They have the enduring ad
j vantage that is always with men who are defending
i their homes against invasion. The United States is
' beginning to realize what this advantage is, though
we are fighting a weak and poorly equipped people.
Spain defended her conquests against us only ii.«
days. The Filipinos have withstood us more than
twice that time, and the end is not yet.
It is easy to foresee the exceeding danger of Eng
land's position. The news of her reverses rings
around the world. In hither and farther India and
Ceylon the alien races she has subjected by force be
gin to feel the sap of manhood surge under the skin.
If her situation in South Africa does not improve her
Eastern empire may be in revolt from the Chitral
to Mandalay. Glcncoe and Ladysmith may be to
her what the Teiitohcrererwald was to Rome in the
time of Augustus, and the modern world may receive
a lesson in the weakness of universal empire that
will inspire men to accept as true that the meek will
inherit the earth, not the strong. .
The disasters which have so far attended her cam
paign against the Boers are dreadful when viewed
from the standpoint of her prestige. They are piti
ful when considered from a human point of view.
The Boers are utterly isolated, in an international
sense. The great powers are crazed with the new
doctrine that a few strong nations have the right to
divide the planet between them. In the greed-gotten
judgment of those who govern, a weak people, free
souled but few. have no right-; deserving the respect
of the strong. So from no capita] of any country
except Holland has gone an expression of sympathy
under the seal of power and authority. The Boers
have only the sky above them and underfoot the
land they pioneered whereon their homes are built.
They have gone out against Goliath of Gath, and
their ammunition is from the brook Kedron. Among
the people of the nations runs a thrill responsive to
their courage and in applause of their victories, but
that is all.
England, with her thousand battleships, and her
prestige and the support of the commercial spirit in
the United State-, holds the nations at bay. On her
side the reverses of her arms are pitiful, too. The
be>t she breeds, the dower of her gentry and
yeomanry, have gone against the republics as the
legions of Yarns went against Hermann. We are
sorry for the errand on which they were ordered and
lament their dead, fallen in such a cause. American
feeling rises to the throat at the spectacle of grjm old
Joubert soothing the pillow of General Symons,
closing his dazed ryes, and then from the scene of
battle sending his sorrow and condolence to the
agonized widow in far England.
Perhaps the best one can wish now is that the
Boer victories be so closely followed by others as to
compel England to listen to requests for mediation
rather than that she should enter upon a war of
extermination, exhaustive of her resources and peril
ous to her empire.
The widow of the late Police Judge Campbell
claim 1 ; that she is being persecuted by a Portuguese
named Toe Fenera. who wants to marry her. whether
or no. He claims that he is under the influence of
spirits that desire him to marry the lady. Fenera
probably means "booze," not "spirits."
THE APPROACHING ELECTIONS.
SIX States of the Union— Massachusetts, Mary
land, Mississippi, lowa. Kentucky and Ohio
are to elect State officers this fall, but only in
Maryland, Kentucky and Ohio are the contests
widely interesting. It is assured that lowa and Mas
sachusetts will go Republican and that Mississippi
will give as large a Democratic majority as the peo
ple think necessary. The votes in those States,
therefore, will count for little in estimating the drift
of public sentiment on any of the issues of the day,
and but a slight degree of attention will be paid to
'.hem.
In the other three States there are big questions in
volved and the campaigns have been waged aggres
sively on both sides. In Maryland Gorman is fight
ing for a chance to return to political power with
something of his former prestige. Divisions in the
councils of the Republican party in the State give
him reason for believing he will be successful; but,
on the other hand, the gold Democrats have taken
up the fight for the Republican party on the ground
that Democratic success in the election would be a
victory for Bryar.ism and. make it difficult to carry
Maryland for sound money in the Presidential con
test of next year, and their votes may counterbalance
Republican disaffection.
The fight in Kentucky is mainly one for honest
politics against boss rule and the corrupt forces that
brought about the nomination of Goebel. In a
certain sense Bryanism is also at stake in that State,
for Bryan has been one of the most active supporters
of Goebel. The campaign at the outset threatened
to be one of pistols and bowie knives as well as of
tongue and pamphlets, for there was no limit set on
either side to personal denunciations of opposing
candidates and orators.
Goebel himself has been denounced with all the
brimstone strength and picturesque variety of Ken
tucky eloquence when most inspired by animosity,
genius and whisky- By common consentj however,
THE SAN FHAU CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1899.
it seems to have been agreed that a stump speech is
a privileged communication and there have been
neither duels nor libel suits to mar or interfere with
the free flow of oratory. There are four tickets in
the field, and as the chances are the honest Demo
crats and the Populists will draw their strength from
the regular Democracy headed by Goebel, there is a
good prospect for a sweeping Republican victory,
provided a fair count can be obtained.
It is in Ohio that the political interest of the year
mainly centers. The outlook for Republican success
is bright, and yet victory is by no means certain.
Not only, has McLean made a vigorous canvass, but
there are bitter faction fights in the Republican ranks,
and. moreover, the candidacy of Mayor Jones of
Toledo, who is running on a non-partisan ticket, is
liable to weaken the Republican vote in some quar
ters. The chief significance of the contest is that a
victory for either Jones or McLean would be claimed
as a defeat of the administration. The issues of the
campaign have been almost wholly national, not
withstanding the fact that McLean has tried to dodge
the money plank of the platform and has sought to
win votes by attacking trusts and imperialism.
The only other State in whose election there is
much outside interest is Nebraska, where Bryan is
making a personal fight for the maintenance of his
prestige. He has entered upon an elaborate canvass,
county by county, and should the Republicans carry
the State it would be a proof that even in his own
home the free silver agitator has lost influence and
leadership. There is a good prospect of his defeat.
The prosperity brought about by the Republican
policies of protection and sound money has been felt
in Nebraska as well as elsewhere, and it is likely the
common sense of the voters will prompt them to
cast their ballots for the party of good times rather
than for that of calamity.
Reports from the South African battlefields have
all the delightful interest of misinformation. The
military authorities at London are evidently manipu
lating paper armies while the Boers are making
vacancies in the roll of British officers on the field.
DUTY OF REPUBLICAN LEGISLATORS.
SINCE it seems settled beyond all questioning
that Gage will call an extra session of the
Legislature to promote the railroad scheme for
sending Burns to the United States Senate, and since
it appears impossible for the indignation of the peo
ple to prevent the plan from being carried out, there
remains but one safe course for Republicans to pur
sue — those of them who at the last session baffled the
schemes of the Kentucky corporation must now unite
upon some candidate and by electing him achieve a
complete victory.
At the last session it was found to be impossible
to organize into a compact and united body the full
strength of Republican opposition to the railroad.
Many of the members were pledged to one or more
of the various candidates who represented genuine
Republicanism, and a sense of loyalty prevented
them from leaving their own leader to take up the
cause of another. At the coming session a different
course should be pursued. It is plain to the under
standing of any intelligent man that unless all the
strength of true Republicanism be exerted the tre
mendous combination which can and will be exerted
by Gage and Herrin and the other corrupt forces
back of Burns will either win a triumph for him or
else prevent the election of a Senator.
The rank and file of stanch Republicans through
out the State are not committed to any particular
candidate for the Senate. They ask only that the
Republicans in the Legislature get together and elect
<t Republican of sterling honesty, known ability and
well attested public spirit and patriotism. The party
is not lacking in men worthy of Senatorial honors,
and it ought to be a comparatively eas)- task for Re
publican legislators to agree upon such a man in
opposition to the adventurer whom the railroad has
put up as "Herrin's candidate."
To bring about the harmony which will assure the
co-operation of all good Republicans in the Legisla
ture is the duty of the hour so far as State politics
are concerned, and steps should be taken toward its
accomplishment at once. The railroad, the Governor
and the other leaders and touts of the Burns forces
have been active for some time. In fact, they have
been working more or less energetically ever since the
close of the last session. Their faction in the Legis
lature will be as strong as organization can make it
and will be directed with as much skill as the astute
wire-pullers at the head of it can exercise. A com
bination of that kind cannot be beaten by a divided
party. Sooner or later a Senator to fill the vacancy
from this State must be filled, and if the rep
resentatives of true Republicanism cannot agree upon
a candidate and elect him, then the railroad gang
will.
A divided party, no matter how excellent be the
men who compose it, can never defeat a thoroughly
organized and disciplined faction, no matter how
vicious the faction may be. A certain number of
votes are required to elect a United States Senator.
If honest Republicans unite they will have the votes
needed for victory. If they remain divided they can
elect no one, and in the end some of the weaker mem
bers will go over to the railroad and elect the candi
date of the corporation.
Davitt's determination to resign his seat in Parlia
ment by way of protest against the war waged for
the overthrow of the Transvaal has not been received
with much favor by other Irish members. Redmond
is reported to have called it a "play to the galleries,"
and there seems no inclination to imitate the per
formance.
About the only good reason the Phelanites can
give for objecting to Republican references to national
issues in the present campaign is that they have no
record of their own on national issues they are will
ing to talk about.
It is reported that up to date the British Intelli
gence Department has had no difficulty in keeping
informed of the plans of the Boers. If General Jou
bert would only disguise them as jokes no English
man would be able to unravel them.
Cupid has won another victory. Judge Seawell
has decided that the marriage of a school teacher is
not in the meaning or law or sense an offense suffi
cient to deprive any of the fair sex of the means of
livelihood.
The vehemence with which two Oakland ministers
are scoring each other is something more than a
mild intimation that the spirit of peace is still hover
ing out of reach.
Latest reports from South Africa indicate that
Lord Wolseley's doctored reports of battles have
not interfered very seriously with the aim of Boer
sharpshooters.
A great brass trust has been organized in the East.
Most of the local Democratic candidates are eligible
to membership by virtue of the necessary qualifi
cations.
VOICE OF THE PRESS.
HAVE VOTES BEEN BOUGHT TO ELECT BUBNS?
TVinnemucca Silver State.
It Is reported on good authority that Governor Gage of California is going
to call a special session of the Legislature in order to elect a United State Sena
tor. The Southern Pacific Company must be getting uneasy when it goes to the
length of ordering its puppet to throw the burden of an extra session on Cali
fornia. Perhaps "Uncle" fears that the appointment of Burns will not be sanc
tioned by the United States Senate and he will make another try to elect him by
the Legislature. Plenty of time has elapsed since the Legislature adjourned in
which to buy up enough members to make the election of Burns a certainty.
THE CALL AS AN EDUCATOR.
CAMPBELL VISITOR.
The San Francisco Call is initiating on this coast the plan of home education
through the columns of a daily newspaper. This is making the daily an edu
cator In a very literal sense. The course is as follpws: Mondays and Thursdays,
Studies in Shakespeare; Tuesdays, The World's Great Artists; Wednesdays, Desk
Studies for Girls, Shop and Trade Studies for Boys; Fridays, Great American
Statesmen; Saturdays, Home Science. A booklet with full particulars will be
mailed on application to manager Home Study Circle, San Francisco Call.
PACIFIC CABLE MAY BE UNNECESSARY.
SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS.
The Marconi system of wireless telegraphy, 'which has been so successfully
employed in connection with the yacht races at New York, is to be used in the
Hawaiian and Philippine islands, where there is great need of that or some other
system of telegraphic communication, and it may be so developed as to render
unnecessary the laying of a cable across the Pacific Ocean. It will be remem
bered that at first the telephone was confined to very short circuits, while now It
connects widely distant points.
AN EXAMINER LIE NAILED.
Eureka Standard.
The highest tribute yet paid to Signor Marconi, who has demonstrated the
success of his wireless telegraph system by reporting the yacht races by it,
came from Thomas Edison, who said: "He succeeded where I failed." Yet the
yellow Examiner lied to Its readers when it attempted to make them believe
that The Call's reports of the races, secured by the wireless telegraph, were
faked.
SHOULD MEET THE POPULAR DEMAND.
Monitor.
The Call reminds the Associated Press that what this country wants from
the Transvaal is news and not editorial comment with a strong British bias.
The Associated Press can hardly be expected to meet this demand. It appears
to be an intensely pro-British concern.
THE EXAMINER A POOR GUESSER.
Winnemucca Silver State.
The Examiner's experts, which have been predicting the defeat of the Co
lumbia all along, are having a hard time explaining how the American boat
happened to win. The Examiner's judgment on sporting events does not seem
to be of the best.
BULLETIN'S REPUTATION GONE.
UKIAH REPUBLICAN PRESS.
The San Francisco Bulletin, which from a Republican newspaper has devel
oped* into a rabid organ of the Democratic push, has lostwhat little reputation it
once possessed. Its contemporaries are now accusing it of having been bought
by Dictator Phe!r\n. •
MORE CRAISE FOR THE CALL'S "HOME S TUDY CIRCLE."
UTEHE HOMES M.RS. RIKBR ANI- HER FTFSBA&t)
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SHIPS FROM FRAN. &— Subscriber,
City. During the war with France. May
28, 1798, to> February 3, 1801, the American
navy captured from r ranee In good, dam
aged and bad condition thirty-two vessels.
A RUN IN CRIBBAGE— W. H. H.,
Joseph ine, El Dorado County, Cal. If in
a game of cribbage A plays 5. C 7, B 6, D
8 and A plays 5; B makes a run of 3, D
makes a run of 4 and A makes a run of
4 because there is the sequence of 5, C, 7,
8 from the last card played.
STUTTERING— C. A. W., City. The
habit of stammering or stuttering can be
counteracted by cultivation of its oppo
site habit of correct speaking, and this
can be acquired by due regard to the pro
cess of speech, the relation of breath to
articulate sounds, the positions of the
tongue and other oral organs in molding
the outward stream of air, and by patient
application of these principles in slow and
watchful exercise.
A VALUABLE HALF DOLLAR— C. 8..
City. A half dollar of 1838 coined in the
New Orleans mint commands a premium
of $14 50 to $24 50. Such a coin may be
identified by the mint mark "O" between
the bust and the date. The ornament
which loops the drapery on the bust
should not be mistaken for the "O."
That letter on the premium coin is be
tween the lower line of the bust and the
upper line of the date.
PORCELAIN ENAMEL— J. O'C., City.
The following are the materials used for
porcelain enamel on iron: Flint (quartz),
calcined and ground, 100 pounds; borax
glass (anhydrous borax), ground, fifty
pounds; mix, fuse together in a crucible
and let it cool slowly. Powder and mix
forty pounds of this glass with live
pounds of kaolin (potters' white clay)
and grind the mixture to a very fine paste
in water, pickle the vessel in dilute sul
phuric acid and scour with sand to
thoroughly cleanse its surface, then line
it with a coating of the paste described
! one-sixth of an inch in thickness and let '
it stand in a warm room until the coating
has partially dried, next dust over tho
surface of the paste coating (still moist)
I with the following powder and dry it in !
an oven at 212 degrees Fahrenheit: White !
: lead free from lead or arsenic, 125 pounds
borax, 25 pounds; carbonate of soda
I fused, powdered, moistened with water
i and dried. 20 pounds. To forty-five pounds
iof this add one pound of soda; mix I
thoroughly with a little hot water and
reduce to fine powder. When the coating j
on the iron has dried the vessel is put j
! into a muffle and the heat gradually in- i
creased until the glaze fuses, when it is i
taken out. more glaze powder is dusted
on and after a second heating allowed to
cool very slowly.
AGE FOR MARRIAGE-Parent, City.
The language in the letter of inquiry is
not clear enough to give a full under
standing as to what the correspondent '
wants, but it probably Is covered by the
following as to the age that individuals
can marry without consent of parents.
In all the States which have law? on the
subject, 21 years is the age for males. In
Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Kentucky
i Louisiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Isl-
I and. South Dakota, Virginia, West Vir
ginia and Wyoming the age for females
is 21, but 18 in all other States having
laws, except Maryland, in which it is 16
years.
INCREASE OF COMMERCE.
Port Collector Jackson Speaks Flat-
teringly of the Business of
California.
The receipts in the customs department
at the port of San Francisco for the
month of October were $611,540 71, the
largest receipts for the month of October
since the year 1892, which marked the
high tide of prosperity under Harrison's
administration.
Customs Collector Jackson said yester
day that the business of this port has
increased so rapidly and so steadily dur
ing the past few years that it has out
grown the shipping facilities here There
are not nearly enough ships to earn
away the surplus . products of the State,
he said and he cited the fact that the
Mail dock is piled with goods awaiting
shipment to foreign ports, notwithstand
ing that three steamers have left the
dock since the pile was placed there.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, Is a
guest at the Palace.
Frank Clark Cosby is registered at I.la
Palace from Washington, D. C.
J. Joval, a traveler from Paris, is among
the recent srrivals at the Palace.
A. Mariasse. a wealthy tanner of Napa,
is at the Grand accompanied by his - -.
Thomas Flint Jr. has come down from
his home in San Juan and is a guest at
the Palace.
K. W. Brown, a wealthy owner of oil
lands in the vicinity of Fresno, is a guest
at the Lick.
' Professor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford
University has come to the city and is
staying at the Palace.
Assemblyman George B. Lardner has
come down from his home In Auburn and
is staying at the Grand.
L. H. Laughlin, one of the leading mer
chants of Mark West, is at the Grand on,
a short business trip to this city.
E. P. Vaughn-Morgan of London, Eng.,
Is at the Occidental, where he arrived
yesterday on the China from Japan.
Charles C. Cohen, a young attorney of
this city, left on the Hongkong Maru for
Manila, where he goes to practice 1:1s pro
fession.
K. Fukushina and H. Komeda, promi
nent Japanese who arrived on the China
yesterday from the Orient, are at the
Palace.-
H. Gaddies and P. Gothfrey, ravelers
from Germany, who are sightseeing in,
1 the United States, are registered at the
California.
Mrs. Oscar King Davis, ■wife of the
Manila correspondent of the New York
Sun. and C. H. Smith arrived on the China
yesterday and are now at the Palace.
Percy M. Schuman, a Chicago mining
expert, is at the Palace, where he ar
rived last evening to attend to some
business connected with valuable mineral
properties he controls in this State.
O. W. Carter, Guy R. Dennett and C*.
M. Whitney are prominent members of
Honolulu society who are registered at
the Occidental, where they arrived yes
terday on the China from the islands.
W. A. Daland, a merchant of Manila
who has been engaged in business in *.ne
Philippine Islands for many years, is a
guest at the. California. He says the war
has practically ruined commerce for the
time being, and he is taking advantage
of the situation to enjoy a long deferred
vacation.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. I.— A. L. Cheney and
wife of L,os Angeles and Mr. and Mrs.
Anson R. Blake of San Francisco are at
the Holland. E. S. Irvin of San Francisco
Js at the Grand. John G. Murnan of Sun
Francisco is at the Bartholdi. H. Guern
sey of San Francisco is at the Everett.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Nov. I.— C. C. Burnham
of San Francisco is at the Ebbitt House.
H. Kingman of San Dip^o is at the Na
tional. H. A. Wells of San Francisco .is
at the "Wellington.
Philippine Commission's Secretary
Among the dii-Unsntshed arrivals the
steamer China brought into port yester
day was John R. Mac Arthur, secretary
and counsel for the United States Com
mission to the Philippine Inlands. Mr.
Mac Arthur has been in Manila ever since
the conclusion of the deliberations of th<
Paris Peace Commission, to which body
he was attached as assistant secretary.
Previous to his appointment on the Peacf
Commiss'on he was connected with tht
State Department at Washing-ton.
Japanese Eobbed.
Tambaohi Naktipawa, a Japanese, re
ported at police headquarters yesterday
that Kigo Tamura. h fellow countryman
who lives at 431 Stevenson street, had
stolen a check for $50 from him and he
■wanted him arrested. He was told to
procure a warrant from one of the P»
lica Courts to-day for Tamura's arrest
and meantime the police would keep a
lookout for him.
Cal. grlace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t~a
Press Clipping Brreau (Allen's). 510 Mon.
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Yesterday's Insolvents.
J. J. Mclntyre. salesman, San Francisco,
$22fi2 SI; no assets. France? Wiley, San
Jose, $12,332: no assets. Charles "Wiley
San Jose. $36,970: no assets. The greater
part of Mr. Wiley's Indebtedness was con
tracted in Wisconsin.
Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters. appetiser and
lnvigorator, imparts a delicious flavor to all
drinks and cures dyspepsia.
Libel for Sailor's Washes
W. J. Robinson and two other seamen
filed a libel in the United States District
Court yesterday against the bark Mer
maid to recover $2000 alleged to be due
them as wages on a voyagre from San
Francisco to Kotzehue Sound.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HURRAH! HURRAH! I
OIL! OIL! OIL! OIL! I
That's the way we feel now. We not B
only have oil, but we have the most II
j valuable report on oil lands ever made B3
in California. When such a man as M. N
M. Ogden, one of the greatest authori- IJ
ties on oil in the United States, and H
tield excert of the IS
! CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE |
After a critical examination of a dis- H
trict, and not knowing of whose land £4
he is speaking, designates a certain porn
tion ns belnz the I
MOTHER SOURCE AND POSSESSING I
THE MOST PERFECT CONDITIONS I
FOR OIL. HE EVER SAW— when such X
a report is made it is a thousand times I
more valuable than if made by an in- I
terested party— we are Justified in feel- i
B ins: Jubilant, as we have 640 acres in the i
I exact geographical center of the place I
; TesiKnatrd as the MOTHER SOURCE I
Get full report of the district at our I
! office and then you can Judge intelli- I
gently of the district and know where I
to place your investments. f
• NO MORE 250 SHARES G
! After November oth. and right reserved a
to withdraw shares from sale at any 1!
time. We ask you to B
p INVESTIGATE THOROUGHLY. ■
■ Mail orders will receive prompt atten- §
1 PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., |
| 29 MILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR. 5
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my prices on furniture,
carpets, stoves, etc., before purchasing else-
where. Tou can save fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all; $S0
worth of furniture for }i per week.
Estimates given on complete house furnish-
ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stockton and Powell.
. U • Opp. Union Square. ,
, Free delivery Oakland, Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evening*.Bargain Jackets and Dresses
IN THE NEW FALL STYLES.
Buy your new Fall Jacket and Dress NOW and you can wear
it all winter. We have the styles you want at prices that will
please you. We guarantee all our garments.
# Bargain Dress, made like cut, in Gray
Homespun All-wool Cloth, jacket
tsilk lined, made with the newest
style skirt, both Taffeta Ribbon
Trimmed, a $20 dress.
OUR
SPECIAL
PRICE,
NEW TAILOR DRESSES, all Taffeta Silk Lined
throughout, made in the new camel's hair ti»/)r AA
cloths, cut the very newest, worth $35. !w/i^ 1181
OUR SPECIAL PRICE Y^iVV
SOME JACKET BARGAINS.
$10.00 ALL-WOOL KERSEY JACKETS, the new styles,
for $ 8.50
$12.50 Tan, Blue and Black KERSEY JACKET, silk lined,
for $ 10.00
$18.00 Elegant DRESS JACKETS, Taffeta lined, for ..$ 15.00.
$30.00 NEW LOOSE BACK JACKETS for $25.00
1-
KELLY &UEBES' CLOAK AND
AcLLI & LIeDEj suit house,
120 KEARNY STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
ENTIRE SHOW A DISTINCT HIT.
LOUISE DRESSER AND HER PICKANIN-
NIES.
JACK NORWORTH.
HAL MERRITT and FLORENCE MI7RDOCK.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON AND CO.: LAURA
I3URT; SADA; WALTON'S ACROBATIC
SIMIANS.
MLLE. ERNA"S MUSICAL DOGS.
Last We«k of LOTTY.
The Originator of Her Beautiful Act.
Reserved seats, Be; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
'nr.d box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Next Week— COP. NILLE, the Famous French
Comedienne.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee.
Ba'.fe's Ever Chnrnilns; Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
Saturday and Sunday Evenings, the Enormous
Operatic Trlumr>h!!
L'AFRICAINE!
Bung In Faultless Style by Superb Singers'.!
POPULAR PRICES— AND tO CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVERY, —"■"—•——■■—
L I L il 1 MSB MOT ■ •*■•■« «*
nm MATHEWS In
AND
5 BULGER, High
»*■ 1 In xfc.ir Neweit Hit,
the by THE SAD Favor,
TITLE. SEA WAVES.
PRICES— S!. 75c. 50c, 25c.
CALIFOHNIA THEATER, The H^ p e ular
Last Three Nights and Two Matinees of the
Great. • Laugh Producer,
♦'BROWN'S IN TOWN"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT. Nov. 6th.
Iteturn Engagement of the Favorite Young
American Tragedienne.
>l/\!NCr:e O'NEIL.
Positively Limited to One Week.
Sunday Night. ••OLIVER TWIST."
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday Nights and
Saturday Matinee. "THE SHAD
Thurs'l2y Matinee (by Special Request), "THE
JEWESS. 1 '
Thursday, Night, "THE SCHOOL FOR SCAN-
DAL."
Friday Nlcht. "MAGDA."
Saturday Night, the New "CAMILLB3."
POPULAR Evening, 16c, 50c, 25c.
RICES. Matinees, 50c. 2."c.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
Commencing ~NEXT SUNDAY
HViINING Nov. 5
Brady * Zlegfeld'B IMAT SAT
Parisian Comedy Success, jlllAl- <JAI-
THE POPULAR CRAZE,
MLLE. FIFI.^T?..
NEW YORK TRIUMPH—MO NIGHTS.
AMERICAN VITOGRAPH.
Dewe; celebration (New York).
Presentation to Dewey of sword by Secretary
J.cng and President McKlnley.
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES— 7Sc, Me. 3:^. 25c and 16c.
MATINEE 23c. 3?. c and ECc.
» ALL BEATS RESERVED.
r November 12 EUGENIE BLAIR
In "A LADY OF QUALITY."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Frank Hail Subduing "Wallace,"
The Monst'r Lion from the Zo».
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
LOCAL CANDIDATES on the Antmatoscop«! I
Visit the CABARET DE LA MORT.
TOrNJGHT -
AMATEUR MEGAPHONE MINSTRELS!
Phone for Seats PARK 23 j
"MAYOR'S DAY" at the
STEEJLEGHASE^CENTRAL PARK.
12.-.Q IN CASH to be thrown from the" High
Wire at 8:30 and 8:30 p. in. Open scramble;
free for all. 2". Coney Island novelties In full
blast. Presents to every winner of races.
Wnnndoome badge of your choice for Mayor
l;;ven to all. Make your favorite get a major-
ity number and see how the wind blows. Open |
' dally from 1 until 12 p. m. Admission to all
• ittractloDß and ride 10c |
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
Last Four Nights of the Best Comlo Opera
Ever Written in America.
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Music by H. J. STEWART.
Book by CLAY M. GREENE.
A Triumph of Callfornian Genius. A Most
Beautiful and Costly Production. Packed
to the Doors Nightly.-.
Monday Evening Next— Francis Wilson's Great-
est Comic Opera Success,
THE AIERRY MONARCH.
: POPULAR PRICES— 35c, Be, loc and 10c.
: A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Mar.: 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY Contest Announced
To-morrow Night.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Last Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
lit tIKCE
MUSKETEERS!
PRICES— 25c. 35e. sOc.
NEXT WEEK— The New York Lyceum The-
ater Farce Hit— "NERVES."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress
TANFORAN PAKK.
South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, 8 F.
W. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN,
President. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, 1899,
inclusive.
Six hieh-class running races every week-
day, beginning at 1:30 p.m. Last race at 4 p.m.
I Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
1 air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.
Special race trains at 12:40, 12:50 and 2:45 p.
m., returning Immediately after the last race
and at 5 p. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— Arrive
] at Tanforan at 12:10 p. m. Leave Tanforan at
3:10, 4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia
street ten minutes later than from Third
j ptreet. All trains stop directly at the entrance
to grandstand.
La*? cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return.
Including admission to grounds. $1 25. SinKl"
round-trip tickets 40 cents. Holders of Asso-
ciation Badges may secure a twenty-four ride
coupon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon
presentation of badsres at Third or Valencia
street stations for M 50.
Register all complaints without delay with
the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- 1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 28, 1599.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thura-
I day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. •
Five or more races each day.
Race* start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
1 with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
I All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
i Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
i meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
1 ears at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
j These electric cars go direct to u.e track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President. '
R. li MII.Roy. Secretary. _
! .,. ,
And you can get them for 25 per cent
less money than you have to pay ordi-
nary tailors for Inferior workmanship
I anJ rmt' rial.
} 1 MO-11 Market st. 1011 Washington it.,:
J2UJ-203 Montgomery. 143 S0 Oa s k pHng itmt. |
• San Francflsco. Los Angelee.. :
• . ••••••••■ ' •■ ■•••••••••■••• .*
nil mr riles and all Rectal
111 I I I E 111 diseases cured or no
UIILJI lIUL pay. No detention
II II F I !111 I fro 1" business. DRS.
11111 1 111 I I MANSFIELD & POR-
IVUI I UllU TERFIELD, 838 Mar-
ket at., San Francisco.
THE SAN FRAIN T CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
POLITICAL RALLIES THROUGHOUT THE CITY.
Continued From Fifth Page.
Ira B. Dalzlel called the meeting to order
and spoke a few words of welcome to the
residents of the Thirty-eighth District,
not a seat was unoccupied. There was
nothing about the meeting that was not
of the genuine rally order. Horace Davis
was heralded by all the speakers as the
next Mayor of San Francisco, and the ap
plause that greeted the mere mention of
. his name spoke eloquently of the voting
I intentions of the citizens of the Thirty
j eighth District.
Special addressee were made by Colonel
T. V. Edly, Lucius Solomons, Major C.
W. Kyle, I. Golden, E. Myron Wolfe and
Horace Davis. Campaign issues were dis
cussed in a broad and liberal spirit by all
without oratorical affectation or political
! abuse. The candidates came into the hall
I in relays and told the people what the Re
; publicans have done and would do. An
occasional variation was furnished by the
! band, which played national airs to the
! satisfaction of all. The large crowd did
: not grow impatient, though the meeting
was a late one. and when the last speaker
had come and gone nothing could be
: heard but prolonged cheers for Horace
' Davis.
_____ _x
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE
INDORSES NOMINEES
J Continental League, ever true and loyal
j to the Republican party, held Its regular
! monthly meeting at Saratoga Hall, 814
Geary street, last night. Frank D. Worth,
president of the league, presided, wlia
; Hamilton J. Rig-gins as secretary. The
, meeting was far above the average in Its
membership present. The entire Repub
lican ticket from top to bottom was en
| thusiastlcally indorsed, and every mem
ber present pledged himself to its'support
j at the polls on next Tuesday.
GREAT MEETING AT
SIXTH AND FOLSOM
Bonfires and a large band were the
j harbingers that told the citizens of the
! Thirtieth District last night that a big
! Republican rally was being held. The
San Francisco Athletic Club on Sixth
street, near Folsom, was the place of the
meeting, and the crowd that gathered to
hear the speakers was both large and en
thusiastic.
Henry B. Russ presided at the meeting.
Early in the evening Horace Davis ar
rived. He spoke to the audience in a very
direct manner, telling them without em
bellishment just what he had done as a
public official, and what he would do if
fortunate enough to be elected the next
i Mayor of San Francisco. When Mr.
was Introduced he received ringing
applause, and when he finished it was
some tim<- before Mr. Russ could secure
silence to introduce the next speaker.
The candidates dropped in during the
evening and made their speeches to a
most appreciative audience. At no time
was spirit or enthusiasm lacking, and all
| reference to the Republican candidate
' for the chief executive office of the
I municipality evoked great applause.
DEMOCRATIC MEETING
ON MISSION ROAD
Uaguire'fl Hall on Mission road and
China avenue was filled last night by the
Democrats, of that portion of the Thirty
fifth Assembly District William Byrnes
was chairman. E'imund Godchaux and
A. B. Maguire addressed the audience
bffore the entrance of Mayor Phelan.
who was hailed with applaii^f. Ho lost
no time in inilowlng out the programme
of denouncing everything Republican.
I CabaniSß, nominee for Police
. received quite an ovation on his
luction. He mado a brief address
at:;i reoeiWd a hearty e>.eer at the con
clusion nf his remarks'. Following him
ihori addresaes were made by P. Bolajid,
Major D. Geary, Emil Pohli. L.. J. Dwyer,
Thomas Jennings, Joe Tobin, John Con
nor and Dr. Dodge. All of the speak
ers wire respectfully treated, and their
remarks attentively listened to. A band
of music enlivened the intervals, while a
JEFFRIES SHARKEY
CHAMPIONSHIP
Continued from Fourth Page.
will second in his fight against Curley.
He will spend the night at the Delevan
House, starting for Sagamore Ho.el,
Coney Island, early Friday morning, and
remaining there until called upon to face
Jeffries in the ring.
" The articles of agreement under which
Jeffries md Sharkey will right for the
heavyweight championship of the world
call for twenty-live rounds. They will
battle for 66 2-3 per cent of the gross
receipts, of which sum the winner will
receive 75 per cent.
Opinions of sporting men and pugilists
on the result 01 the contest are interest
ing. Peter Maher, considered by many
experts on pugilistic affairs the most
dangerous man in the ring to-day, picks
Sharkey. Maher has bet $350 against $750
that the sailor will win. He nays he likes
Sharkey best because the sailor's record
as a fighter is superior to Jeffries' ring
achievements. He says Jeffries has only
one good fight to his credit, and that was
with Fitzsimmons, but he does not think
that Fitwrtmmons fought properly when
he met the California.!!, or he would have
won.
George Considine gives as his reason
for selecting Shark, v the tatter's superior
pluck, hitting power and brute force.
He says SharKey cannot be knocked out
and in support of his opinion points to
the fact that Peter Ma-her, Kid McCoy
and Bob Fitzsimmons all knocked him
down, but could not make him uncon
scious. He regards Maher and Fitzsim
mons as harder fighters than Jeffries and
figures that Sharkey, who can deliver a
harder blow than the Californian, will
surely land a knock-out on Jeffries, who
he thinks cannot take very much punish
ment.
Al Smith figures Jeffries the winner be
cause he is taller, heavier, longer in reach
and from a scientific standpoint out
classes the sailor. Jimmy Wakeley's
views are precisely the same as Smith's.
Late to-night Tom Sharkey, through
his manager, Tom O'Rourke, bet $1700
against $1:000 with Martin Dowling and
I7ue against $1000 with "Nat" Goodwin on
himself against Jeffries.
The house promises to be the largest
that ever gathered for a pugilistic en
counter in New York or anywhere else in
this country. The sale of seats so tar ha 3
been tremendous, and if it keeps up the
house will be sold out. The boxes near
the stage went at $35 apiece, while the
best seats near the ring commanded from
$15 to $25. General admission is to cost
16, and it is expected that the size of the
gate receipts expressed in dollars will be
close to $100,000. Spectators will be in at
tendance from every State in the Union.
Several large delegations from the South
and Middle West got in to-day, and others
from California and the extreme West and
from New England will arrive to-morrow.
Hotel corridors and cafes ring with light
talk.
Sharkey's physician went down to see
him at noon to-day. He is Dr. Frank E
Butler, formerly of Bellivue Hospital,
New York. Dr. Butler, after remaining
with Sharkey all day, said:
"Sharkey Is in perfect condition. I have
watched him ever since he began work
and feel satisfied that he has developed to
its fullest possibilities each muscle in his
body. His blood, his digestion, all his in
ternal organs are in perfect condition
He Is not in the least stale, and I think
will be able to put up his best fight 1< rl
day night."
Betting in This City.
The odd? nn the big fight remained the
same in this city yesterday, 10 to 6. with
Jeffries favorite, being the ruling figures.
Tho dollar bettors in the mutucls at
Harry Corbetfs also favor the big fellow
on every line. Of the 85b tickets sold 494
were on Jeffries and 364 on Sharkey. The
majority of the bettors apparently" think
Jeffries will win somewhere between the
eighth and the eighteenth rounds. The
bonfire kept the atmosphere warm on the
outside.
SWEDISH AMERICANS
GREET HORACE DAVIS
Swedish citizens of this city, loyal to
Republican principles and Republicans,
convened last night at Pythian Castle.
It was a meeting held by the Swedish-
American Political Club, and Judging
from the enthusiastic manner in which
.the various candidates for office on the
Republican ticket were received this club
will wield a big influence In the final bat
tle at the polls on November 7.
Many candidates addressed the meeting
and after D. Molander introduced Oliver
Olsen. chairman of the meeting. William
C. Johnson, candidate for Supervisor,
was called to th& stand* Mr. Johnson's
address was brief and he was followed
l.v Dr. A. D. McLean, Major Boxton, Na
than Bibo. Dr. T. H. Morris, L. G. Car
penter. John Lrackmann. Charles H.
Jackson, Major C. W. Kyle, Colonel T.
V Eddy and other candidates. The ar
rival of Hon. Horace Davis at the meet- I
ing caused a revival or enthusiasm. Mr.
Davis first made his freedom from domi- j
nating influences known a.nd then
Informed his audience of improve- ;
ments he proposed to inaugurate
upon taking office next January.
After Mr. Davis had concluded his
address a better organization of the club
was effected through the influence of well
given advice by the wiser heads. From
now on till the last ballot has been cast
the Swedish-American Political Club will
be counted among the strong opponents
of Phelanism and the strong supporters
of Horace Davis and his policy.
— ♦
ADMINISTRATION IS
CHEERED BY SOLDIERS
Soldiers and sailors and their friends j
by the score gathered at B'nai B'rith Hall i
last evening to receive the Revmblican ■
candidates for office. The building trem- !
bled with their cheers as they heard the j
truth they already knew regarding the ;
prosperity and fortune that will grow
through a consistent support of the ad
ministration. Hon. Horace Davis first ad
dressed the meeting. He again made
I known to the people the policy he in
! tended to pursue after assuming the du
ties of office, and how he Intended to
carry out and perfect needed improve
ments and needed reform? without tax
ing the people with unnecessary and un
reasonable burdens. Mr. Davis was fol
! lowed by F. X. Schoonmaker of New Jer-
I aey, a finished orator, who dwelt at
length on the policy of the present ad
ministration. His logic and eloquence
went to the hearts of the people and the
veterans of three wars rose and with loufl
acclaim made known their loyalty to that
party which has lifted the nation from
depression to unrqualed prosperity. E.
Myron Wolfe, Major W. W. Allen and
many candidates also addressed the meet-
Ing, "which adjourned with three cheers j
for Horace Davis and the Republican !
party.
ROUSING MEETING TO
BE HELD TO-NIGHT
i Th« executive committee of the Horace ;
■ Davis Business Men's Republican Club
met In the rooms of the Union League
Club last evening and made arrange- j
ments for the mass-meeting to be held in
Pioneer Hall this evening. S. H. Kent '
presided and the other members of the
] committee present were: J. P. Le Count,
William Sexton, J. Greenbaum, A. H.
Vai!. C. 1.. Patton, C. S. Laumeister, A. j
J Booth, A. P. Van Dttaer, .Tame? A. j
Wilson, S. J. Hendy, John P. Fraser and '
Qeorge D. Clark.
On motion of Charles L. Patton Mr.:
Kent was chosen to act as chairman at j
the mooting to-night. Hon. Horace Davis ;
and other able speakers will address the j
meeting. The following vice presidents j
were chosen: John D. Spreckels, Tsanc
T'pham, E. F. Preston, J. Greenbaum,
William McDonald, E. Peabody. Charles
L. Patton, Captain Bruse. C. Young,
Charles I* Field. W. A. Davies, Oeorge
Johnson. Al Steiner, William Sexton
Charles S. Laumeister, S. J. Hendy, John
P. Lucas, M. Ehrman, C. L. Labadee i
majority of those picking Sharkey name
him to win from the eighth to the thir
teenth round. Fully $100,000 will change
hands in this city on the outcome of the
tight.
SLOSSON THE WINNER.
"Wizard" Schaefer Defeated in the
New York Billiard Jffatch.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.-Sloeson won the
professional billiard match to-night at
Madison Square Garden, Schaefer being
beaten by JWO points to 757. Slosson to
night again outplayed Schaefer by 300
points against 86Z, and he therefore in
creased the advantage which he held
when play began by 3S caroms, and finally
end*-d with a lead of 143. Slosson's average
I for the full 900 points was a shade over
i four and a half and his best run of ih"
| match was 37. Schaefer exceeded this run
j twice, making 41 and 30 in to-night's play
j His ay-rage, however, was a little under
i four for the full game. To-night's attend
j ance was 400. The score:
Slopson— Total. 300: average, 5 10-68: hig
h] est runs, 21. 19, 19, 15; grand total, MO
-j average, 4.5fi.
i Schaefer— Total, 262; average, 4 34-57
--! highest runs, 41, 39. 20. 20; grand total 727:
i average, 3.54;
Car Broke His Ribs.
Amos Stiilwell. hostler for the gutter
Street Railway Company, was knocked
! down and Injured last evening by BJ
' trie car at Mission and Now Montgomery.
I Stillwell had passed behind a westbound
i car, when an eastbound oar, which he did
| not see coming, struck him. lie was re
moved to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where It was found that several or his
ribs had been fractured. He was later
taken to his home.
POLITICAL.
Horace Davis and the New Charter.
Horace Davis is an honest, able man, of large experience in busi-
ness affairs, which well qualify him to perform the duties of Mayor
of this city.
He iii a faithful friend of the new charter and has worked for it
for years; also of good government, and will use every effort to
promote the prosperity and welfare of this city.
His deep interest in education shows him to be a good friend
of the public schools. His long residence in tnis city and his large
acquaintance with men will enable him to select the best men to
carry out the provisions of the new charter to the best advantage.
In ability, honesty and fidelity to good principles and sound
business methods. I consider him the peor of any man in this city,
and I am sure he will prove faithful to every interest placed in his
hands.
He is a stanch Republican of tried experience, faithful in every
relation of life, and his influence would be to uphold the patriotic
principles of the Republican party at home and abroad.
I am glad to heartily support the able and honest Horac©
Davis for Mayor.
F. Freitas, John F. Merrill. J. B. Stet
son. I. W. Hellman, H. L. Dodge. C. I.
Bassett, A. C. Laccy, Joseph Wagner,
Thomas J. Brady, Joseph Eastwood, Louis
A. Muroh, Herman Eppinger, G. H. Imb
sen, George D. Clark, T. G. Walkingum,
M. Upham, E. B. Cutter, J. K. C. Hobbs,
J. P. Le Count, R. B. Hale, A. H. Vail,
Colonel C. Mason Kinne, James D. Bailey,
George W. Turner, John Dolbeer, C. I.
Benedict and A. J. Booth.
Judge Harris Grills Phelan.
Charles N. Harris, who says that he ifi
a free silver, Bryan Democrat, paid his
respects to Mayor Phelan and that branch
of Democracy with which he affiliates at
a meeting held last evening at Metropoli
tan Temple. The speaker did not mince
words. He boldly asserted that the Mayor
was not v. Democrat and had taken ad
vantage of his reputed fealty to the De
mocracy to betray it and de'livcr it over
to its enemies. He said in part: "The
only thing that is worse than the avowed
policy of the Republicanism of these days
is the cool treachery of pretended Demo
crats. Fellow Democrats, see to it that
you put an end to traitorism next Tues
day. Save your schools from the bane of
the kind of politics which Mr. Phelan rep
resents and embodies. Save this city from
irresponsible and reckless expenditures
for ornamental improvements. Save this
city from an inveterate contempt for
every advanced idea or declaration con
tained in the new charter. Save the city
from bossism infinitely more absolute,
vicious and intolerate than any which has
ever reared its hydra head in the city of
San Francisco.
"Perform these duties and a hundred
fold more that could be named by voting
against the Phelanlstic Exarriinerism.
which is an unequivocal insult to society,
to public morals, to enlightened public con
science, to clean journalism, to clean
government, to genuine progress, to com
mercial and industrial enterprise, to true
Democracy, and in general to that fair
fame of San Francisco which nil good
citizens desire to cieate and uphold.
Republican Club Formed.
The members of the Twelfth. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth precincts of the Thirty
lirst Assembly District organized a Re
publican club at 1124 Harrison street last
evening; 130 members signed the roll. The
following officers were elected: Seeley
Gradwohl, president; H. F. Kelly, secre
tary; George Edwards, treasurer. Ex
ecutlva committee — George Maloney, J. T.
Ford, James J. McCann. The following
gentlemen were indorsed: William A.
Deane. for County Clerk; Joseph H. Scott.
fur Tax Collector; Victor Duboce, for Su
pervisor, and A. B. Treadwell, for Police
Judge. The speakers of the evening were
George Maloney, James J. McCann, Har
vey D. Byrnes and H. J. McMahon. After
three cheers for Horace Davis for Mayor
and Victor Duboce for Supervisor the
meeting adjourned.
Campaign Notes.
The friends of William Z. Tiffany held
j a large and enthusiastic meeting last
| evening at 909 V-! Market street. Organiza
i tlon was perfected, Senator Burnett being
I elected president, M. J. Sullivan vice pres
i ident, John Harney secretary and J. D.
! Hart treasurer. The following members
I were chosen to make an active canvass
I In behalf of the candidate for Recorder:
! Hon. E. I. Sheehan. Captain Jeremiah
Sheehy, Fred Lundquist, George 3. Bur
nett, J. J. Donohue. Joseph Doran, Wil
liam H. Shepston, William Hoenes, James
I Dhue, Max Goldberg and P. Shaen. Two
I hundred and forty-one signed the roll.
The club adjourned with cheers for Mr.
i Tiffany and to meet this evening.
A meeting of the R. P. Dooian Laguna
1 Club of the Thirty-seventh Assembly
District met In Dugan's Hall, 9 Page
! street, last evening. One hundred and
I forty-seven residents of Hayes Valley
. signed the membership roll. J. F. MoCann
' acted as chairman of the meeting and T
A. Reardon secretary. Mr. Dooian, Major
Geary, Alfred Fritz. Harry Mulereavy and
William J. Engan addressed the meeting.
i The club will hold a mass-meeting to
, morrow night.
The R. P. Dooian Democratic Club of
the Thirty-flrst District hold an intereat
i ing meeting last evening. The following
! speakers delivered campaign talks: R p
1 Dooian, Charles A. Sweigert. Thomas W
I Hickey, Charles W. Reed, Major Geary
Charles Holcomb, J. F. Renault, Dr
Dodge, Franklin K. Lane and Alfred
Fritz.
Without Cooks P
Then nr* many things in life we can dn
without, hut, with Owen Meredith, wo h&vi
yet to see th" nvin that can do without cooks,
especially these at Zinkand's. •
NOTORIOUS CROOK IS
LANDED BEHIND BARS
rhll Kramer, a notorious crook, who is
also known as "George Williams" and
"Frenchy," was arrested by Detectives
Dinan, Reynolds, Wren and Kd Gibson
i yesterday afternoon and locked up in the
i tanKs at the California-street police sta
tion. He will be formally charged with
burglary to-day. Kramer is suspected,
! with a good deal of reason, of being the
I perpetrator of numerous daylight burg
laries that have occurred in the Western
, Addition during the last few weeks. In
j at least two instances the police claim
the evidence against him is strong enough
!to insure his conviction on a felony
charge.
On Monday afternoon Kramer entered
the residence of Mrs. Gnihn, IGI'4 Bu
chanao street, while the family was ab-
Bent and stole a lot of valuable jewelry.
After leaving the Oruhn house he entered
the residence of T. F. Ross, 1478 Ellis
street, where he secured several diamond
rings and mhc-r articles of jewelry. In
Instance the burglar effected an en
trance by prying open a window with a
jimmy. The neighbors observed a strange
■ man loitering about during the afternoon,
and when the burglaries became known
they were able to describe him accurately.
The description fit Kramer so closely thnt
; the detectives detailed on the case by
| Captain Bohen immediately started on a
still hunt for the crook and experienced
mo trouble in making the arrest. Kramer
has nerved time in both Folsom and Sin
Quentin.
Some of the stolen Jewelry was found
on Kramer when he was searched at the
police station.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE DROMIOS OF EPHESUS AND SYRACUSE.
Copyright, 1899, by Saymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE,
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward TVurden. Dr. William J. Relfe Dr Hamil
ton W. Mable, Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Demmon Dr Vida
D. Scndcler and others.
111. COMEDY OF ERRORS.
(Concluded.)
Notes on the Study of the Play.
1. This Is Shakespeare's one farcical
play. Its sources of laughter lie almost
wholly in the situations and incidents,
hardly at all in the characters. The spec
tator is railed on to accept much that is
i improbable for the sake of mere fun md
■ laughter-stirring surprises. So cleverly,
j however, are the incidents and persons
entangled and disentangled, so rapidly
does surprise follow surprise, that we
find no time to raise difficulties or offer
suggestions.
2. The date of the play cannot be ex
actly determined, but it is certainly one
of Shakespeare's very earliest. Antlpho
lus of Syracuse questioning Dromio about
the kitchen wench, who is so large and
round that she has been compared to a
globe, asks: "In what part of her body
stands France?" Dromio answers: "In
her forehead, armed and reverted, mak
ing war against her heir." France was
in a state of civil war, fighting for and
against her heir, Henry IV, from August,
1559, until February, 1594.
3. The subject of the comedy and much
of the plot are drawn from one of Plau
tus' dramas. Shakespeare transfers the
j scene from Epidamnune to Ephesus. that
I city which had an evil repute for its
roguery, licentiousness and magical prac
tices, a city in which such errors might
be supposed to be the result of sorcery
(Restoration of the Great Temple of Diana from the Lake.)-
and witchcraft-. To Shakespeare belongs
wholly the serious background, from
which the farcical incidents stand out in
relief— the story of the Syracusan mer
chant who almost forfeits his life in the
search for his lost children, and finally
recovers both the lost ones and his own
liberty.
4. Dr. Dowden points out the following
lines as among the most beautiful in the
play. "But," he adds, "such passages, in
which character or human passion rather
than incident chiefly interests us. are
rare." The old man, a prisoner before
the duke, finds that his son does not r?c
ognlze his face nor remember his voice:
Aeceon- Why look you strange on me? You
know me well.
Antlpholus of E.— l never saw you in my
life till now.
Aegeon— O grief hath chang'd me since you
saw me last,
j And careful hours with time's deformed hand
Have written ?transe defeatures in my face:
j But tell me yet. dnst thou not know my voice?
Antiph-)!us of F..— Neither.
Aegeon— Dromio, nor thou?
Dromio of E.-N", trust me, sir, nor I.
Aepeon — I am sure thou dost.
Dromio of E.— Ay, sir, but I am sure I do
not; and wha'~oever a man denies, you are
: now bound to believe him.
Aegeon— Not know my voice! O time's ex
tremity.
Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor
tongue
In seven short years thiu here my only son
Knows not my feeble key of untur.'d cares?
Though now this grained face of mine he hid
In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow,
And all the conduits of my blood froze up.
Yet hath my night of Lie some memory,
My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left,
My dull dear ears a little use to hear.
All these old witnesses-- 1 cannot err—
Tell me thou art my aon Antipholus.
Antipholus of B.— l never saw my father in
my life.
Aegeon— But seven years since, in Syracuse,
boy,
Thou know'st we parted; but perhaps, my son,
Thou sham'st to acknowledge ni' in misery.
5. "The Comedy of Errors" was played
on the evening- of Innocents' day (Dec
28), 1504. in the hall of Gray's Inn, before
a crowded audience of benchers, students
and their friends. There was some dis
turbance during the evennlg on the part
of the guests from the Inner Temple,
who, dissatisfied with the accommodation
afforded them, retired In dudgeon. "So
(hat night," the contemporary chronicler
states, "was begun and continued to the
end in nothing but confusion and errors,
whereupon it was afterward called tne
'Night of Errors.' " Shakespeare was
acting on the same day before the queen
at Greenwich, and it is doubtful if no
wort; present. On the morrow a commis
sion of oyer und terminer inquired into
the causes of the tumult, which was at
tributed to a sorcerer having "foisted a
company of base and common fellows to
make up cur disorders with a play of er
rors and confusions." A second perform
ance of the "Comedy of Errors" was
given at Gray's Inn hall by the Eliza
bethan Stage Society on December 8,
1595.— Sidney Lee.
6. In the plot thus carefully composed
there are at least two features worth our
notice. The first, at which we need merely
glance, is the vigorous effeot of dramatic
contrast produced by beginning this pro
longed farce with the romantic narrative
of Argon's shipwreck and misfortunes and
wandering's, and by ending it with the
still more romantic discovery that the
abbess of Ephesus Is the long-lost wife
whom he has so faithfully mourned. The
second 19 the fundamental source of all
the fun and trouble— the elaborate, double
confusion of identity.— Barrett Wendell.
Georg Brandes' Estimate of the Play.
Thi* comedy on the frontier line of !
farce shows with what giant Strides
Shakespeare progresses in the technique
of his art. It has the blood of the theater
in its veins. We can already discern the
experienced actor in the dexterity with
which the threads of the intrigue are in
volved, and woven into an evermore in
tricate tangle, until the simple solution is
arrived at. While "Love's Labor's Lost" j
still dragged itself laboriously over the !
board, here we have an impetus and a
brio in all the dramatic passages which
roveal an artist and foretell a master, j
Only the rough outlines of the play are
taken from Plautus; and the motive, the j
possibility of incessant confusion between |
two masters and two servants, is manip- '
ulated with a skill and certainty which
astound us In a beginner, and sometimes
with quite irresistible whimsicality. No
doubt the merry play is founded upon an
extreme improbability. So exact is the
mutual resemblance of each pair of twins,
no less in clothing than In feature, that
not a single person for a moment doubts
their Identity. Astonishing resemblances
between twins do, however, occur In real
life, and when once we have accepted the
premises, the consequences develop nat
urally, or, at any rate, plausibly. We
may even say that in the art of intrigue
spinning, which was afterward somewhat
foreign and unattractive to him, the poet
here shows himself scarcely inferior to
the Spaniards of his own or a later day,
remarkable as was their dexterity.
Now and then the movement is sus
pended for the sake of an exchange of
word plays between master and servant,
but it is generally short and entertain
ing. Now and then the action pauses to
let Dromio of Syracuse work off one of
his extravagant witticisms, as, for exam
ple (Hi, 2):
I>romio 8. — And yet ehe Is a wondrous fat
marriare.
Antlpbolui S. — How d^st thcu mean a fat
marriage?
Dro. S — Marry, sir; she's the kitchen wench
and all pre&se: and I know not what use to put
her to but to make a lamp of her and run from,
her by her own light. I warrant her rags and
the tallow In them will burn a Poland winter;
if yhe lives till doomsday she'll burn a week
longer than the whole world.
As a rule, however, the interest Is so>
evenly sustained that the spectator is held
in constant curiosity and suspense as to
the upshot of the adventure.
At one single point the style rises to a
beauty and intensity which shows that,
! though Shakespeare here abandons him
j self to the light play of intrigue, it is a
I diversion to which he only condescends
' for the moment. The passage is that be-
EPHESUS.
I tween Lueiana and Antiphblus of Syra-
I cuse (iii, 2). with its tender erotic
cadences. Listen to such verses as these:
Ant. S. —Sweet mistress (what your name is
else 1 know not.
Nor by what wondf-r you hit on mine),
i Less in your knowledge and your grace you
show not
Thun our earth's wonder, more than earth
rlivine.
j Teach n%e, dear creature, how to think and
speak;
Lay open to my earthly-gross conceit.
; Smothered In errors, feeble, shallow, weale.
; The folded meaning nf your words' deceit.
Against my soul's pure truth why labor you
To make it wander in an unknown field?
Arf you a god? Would you create me new?
Transform me, then, and to your power I'll
yield.
Since the play was first published in the
Fnlio of 1(123 it is, of course, not impossi
ble that Shakespeare may have worked
. over this lovely passage at a later period.
! But the whole structure of the verses.
with their interwoven, rhymes, points in
the opposite direction. We here catch
the first notes of that music which is soon
to rill "Romeo and Juliet" with its har
monics.
Dramatic History of the Play.
Though the situations developed in the
"Comedy of Errors" pass far beyond the
! bounds of even stage probability, never
■ theless when well acted the play is ex
] ceedingly effective and very popular. But
j the difficulty is to find actors sufficiently
■ resembling one another naturally or able
to make themselves sufficiently like one
another artificially to impersonate prop
| erly the characters of the two Dromios
and the two Antipholuses respectively.
'• The most successful and splendid repre
', sentationa of the "Comedy of Errors"
I known to the history of the stage were
I those of the two American players Stuart
; Robson and William H. Crane. The first
of these representations was given in New
York in 1885. The two great comedians,
I of course, took the parts of the two Dro
■ mios. Crane was nine years younger than
Robson, and his voice naturally
waft utterly unlike Robson's voice,
; yet he would imitate Robson's pe
> culiarities of voice and manner in
such a way as to deceive the very
elect. But Robson and Crane's produc
! tion of the "Comedy of Errors" was no
: table not alone for the cleverness of the
acting of the two principals. It was in
every way the most complete and elab
orate presentation of the play ever made;
the only Shakespearean productions oom
■ parable to it being Sir Henry lrving's
: "Henry VIII," "The Merchant of Venice."
! etc. "Few great English nlayers have
taken part in the "Comedy of Errors."
'■ but among those who have done so may
1 be mentioned Charles Macklin (1741) and
; Charles Kemble (1SOR). _
Questions for Research and Review.
1. Is your interest in this play occupied
with characterization or mainly with in
; cidents and situations?
2. What varieties of incident and situa
: tion would have been impossible without
\ two Dromios?
3. Does the excess of improbability mi
i volved in twin brothers with twin ser
vants heighten or lessen the comic effect
as you read 9
4. 'Plow many scenes of this play are
] based on the theme of mistaken iden-
I tity?
5. Which of the scenes show an under
; lying thought that is not farcical? If
: you take the point of view of the social
reformer, for instance, do you find any
: tragic elements in this play? What
n-.ik'-s a situation tragic or comic in real
II fr?
t;. What is gained by the introduction
| of a serious element at the outset of the
play and of a pathetic element in the
last act?
7. Is a modern audience moved to laugh
ter by the discomfiture of a father and
husband like Egeon, even though the dis
comfiture be but temporary?
S. Do you think that act 111 rises above
ordinary farce? In what respect?
9. Would a modern audience find in the
"chain" incident of act 111 a subject of
pure enjoyment? Should we look for se
rious* consequences?
10. Is Adriana admirable or merely to
be laughed at? Is her husband merely
laughable? How do you feel toward him?
11. What role does Luciana play con
sistently in this drama?
12 There is. even in this early play of
Shakespeare, a slight element of contrast
in character. How is It brought out?
13. Does this comedy leave you with any
fixed notions of the true relation of hus
band and wife, father and soi\, sister and
sisttr?
14. Is the "rime-doggerel" in act 111 nec
essary or excusable?
15. There are 380 rhymed lines to 1150 un
rhymed in this play. Does this fact sig
nify anything as to the date of the com
edy? At what period would a dramatist
naturally show the greater proportion of
rhymed lines?
I Ohio State University.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.Vf'/T'?r a;irf financial quotations unchanged.
Shipment of $187,435 io China.
! i tea* weaker again and dull Barley inactive.
Heavy consumption of Oats.
( 'orn and Rye quiet.
Bran lower. Hay firm and advancing.
i leans hardly as firm, but no lower.
Lumber trade in good shape.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter lower and depressed with large offerings.
Eggs and Cheese steady and unchanged.
Poultry still plentiful and depressed. Game steady.
A ear of Oranges expected from Palermo to-morrow.
.' imes lower under fresh supplies.
; h-ied Fruit market shows less steam.
Provisions as previously quoted.
■ sales of Hops at the decline.
■ quieter, but no weaker.
1 ustom-house collection sliow an increase over last year.
Charters.
• The Flintshire was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to 6t. Vincent.
Customs Collections.
Local Custom-house collections In October
were $G03,645. against $478,900 In October, 1593.
For the first ten months of the year they were
t5,529,C32, against ?5,0U5,C00 last year.
Treasure Shipment.
—
The Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
cf $187,435, consisting of $52,765 in Mexican dol
lars, $670 in gold coin and $134,000 In sliver
bullion.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchange Grain. Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
■wharf November 1 as follows, in tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costa, October 1 136 610 50.955
Port Costa. November 1 163.90. 50,. 90
Stockton, October 1 76.646 23.125
Stockton. November 1 8b,1!>6 25.120
San Francisco, October 1 ... 1.T.57 9.555
San Francisco, November 1.. I.SS2 14,890
Oats. Corn. Bran.
October 1 4.030 120 40
Nuvemfcer 1 4,333 212 1-4
Receipts in October were 23,577 tons Barley,
610S tons Oats, 755 tons Corn and 160S tons
Bran.
How Walt Street Views the War.
The following extract from the New York
financial circular of Henry Clews, written be
fore the recent disasters to the British arms
In Natal, shows how Wall street looks at the
Boer war: . .
"When the Boers get one good whipping
the war will about end. and then the South
African gold mines will renew their flow of
gold to London. These mines are good here
after for $100,000,000 of gold per annum, which
is one-third of the world's present output.
Nothing will help good investment and active
speculative stocks to advance more than for
large amounts of the precious metal to pour
into London or New York from outside sec
tions of the world. If the African mines pro
duce at the rate of $100.0CO,OT>0 this year, which
they can easily do upon the return of peace,
it Will make the world's output $300,000,000—
the largest on record. This is the strongest,
safest and most legitimate basis for the in
flation of values that is possible."
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says:
"The condition of the general lumber trade
en the Pa/;::..- Coast Is still Improving and
the manufacturers and dealers are beginning
to fenl that they have not forged along
through the past few years of trouble and
inquietude for no purpose. Prices are firm,
with a tendency toward an advance, white
October saw one of $1 and more on different
grades.
"Redwood and pine hold the fame relative
rank as during the last few months and will
continue to do so unless some unlooked-for
Influence makes its appearance. The pro
pose consolidation of the redwood Interests,
which has a most favorable aspect to-day.
may be this cause, but pine will always
have Its effect on the lumber markets of the
Pacific slope.
Ingles are making redwood most favor
ably known all over the Eastern States and
th? farmers esi>eclally desire them for their
spring Improvements on their houses and
barns. The Humboldt Shingle Manufac
turers' Association is now constructing a
Eteam schooner for the sole purr of carry
ing cargoes of shingles from Humboldt nay
to Newport or elsewhere, as the demands
dictate. This is the most forceful Illustra
tion of the importance attained by the red
wood Fhingle adjunct to the California lum
ber trade.
"Demands are heavy and frequent for all
kinds and grades of lumber, and the Pacific
Coast, with its present outlook of a rainy
season, can expect to be far up at the top
during 1900. The lumber companies and
machinery houses will enjoy a year of pro?
perity not surpassed before In the industrial
history of the West.
"The scarcity of available cars In the Pa
cific Northwest is working a hardship on the
lumbermen in Washington and Oregon."
Weather Report.
(120 meridian— i acinc time.;
S;in Francisco, Nov. 1. 1599, 1 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— hours, reason, season.
Eureka 0.00 6.95 3.67
Red Bluff 0.00 3.04 0.91
Sacramento 0.00 4.44 1.00
Han Francisco 0.00 3.92 I.SJ
Fre-no 0.00 2.08 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.92 0.59
Los Angeles 0.00 1 .'7 0.18
Rnn Dlfgo 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 0.08 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
"2 degrees; minimum, 72. mean, 57.
Weather conditions and general forecast: An
area of high pressure overlies the Missouri
Valley. At Bismarck a reading of 30.72 inches
is reported. Along the Pacific Coast there has
been a steady fall in pressure, and conditions
are such that a storm may come In rapidly on
the northern coast.
No rain has fallen in California, but the
weather is fjonerally cloudy.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours en.imp- midnight, November 1, 1899:
For Northern California — Cloudy Thursday,
with showers along the coast north of Cape
Jilciulocino: cooler in the San Joaquln; south
easterly winds.
For Southern California — Cloudy Thursday;
light northerly winds In the interior, westerly
winds on the coast.
For Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
For Utah — Thursday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Thursday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Thursday, becoming threatening nt night;
northerly winds, changing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER O. Mi A DIE,
__ Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. I.— To-day's stock market
developed a decidedly spotty character. The
railroads fell into the background again, and
the highly speculative Industrials were brought
f rward in to activity. An effort was made to
continue- the campaign against the shorts In the
!r<>n and «teel !-tock. but the higher prices In
this group brought out such large sales that
the effort to advance prices had to be aban
doned. The whole group, with the exception of
Tennessee Coal, shows net lossee. When the
ment in the Iron and Bteel stock proved
,c the bulls turned their attention to
vn Transit, which was a favorite in
I ition for the rest of the day. The more-
It was again directed against
the rery heavy short interest believed to ex; B t
In it, and the rapid advance Induced large
covering When the rise had extended to above
M enormous blocks were bought out, which
made It difficult to mistarh the price The
stock rose to 80ft, yielded a point, rallied again
and again yielded a email fraction. The New
York traction group was strong in sympathy.
The leather stocks were also taken up for fur- !
ther aggressive ad vane*, the common touching:
22 and the preferred 83%. Sugar was active and
irregular, but shows a net gain. The tobacco
stocks were weak early, but rallied later. There i
were isolated movements In Missouri, Kansao !
and Texas. C. C. and St. Louis preferred, the
Pacific Coast stocks, Wisconsin Central. New
York Airbrake and Standard Rope, which were j
all strong. Malting preferred declined 8 points. i
Otherwise the trading was very active, and
the movement In prices was narrow, net
changes being small and mixed. Owing to the
holiday in London pressure from that point j
was relaxed. The call money market worked
appreciatively easier during the afternoon, ;
after having ruled at 15 to 20 per cent. Large
amounts were loaned at 6 per cent before the j
close, and the rate fell to 5 per cent. The eas
ier rat* for money did not Induce any large
ventures on the long side In stocks, but the
bears were manifestly uneasy and anxious to !
cover short lines before the tendency in money
relaxes. To-day's advance in sterling exchange i
18 believed to be evidence of a real relaxation
in the money stringency, and New York ex
change at Chicago and St. Louis was strong
to-day, showing a cessation of pressure from
those points. At Boston, m the contrary, there
was a sharp decline In New York exchange.
Money continues to move In the South, and the
Sub-Treasury Is making drafts on the local
banks.
The bond market was quiet, aside from an
active demand for Standard Rope Incomes and
Kansas and Texas seconds. Total sales, par ;
value, $2,075,000.
United States new 4e and old 4s registered
advanced H In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing !
Sold. Stocks— Bid. j
7,700 Atehi-on 22^1
£,495 Atchison prefd C6 l .i ■
844 Baltimore & Ohio 5-\i I
200 Canadian Pacific 94% 1
100 Canada Southern 53 j
1.6C0 Chesapeake & Ohio 27% '
1,200 Chicago Great Western 14»i •
6 626 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 133" 8 -
Chicago Ind & Louis llVi !
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 44
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 96' A i
100 Chicago & Northwestern 170 Vi ;
2,163 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 115
2.130 COCA St Louis D9Vi
Colorado Southern 5 ;
150 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45 j
250 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1C !
2.167 Delaware & Hudson 122 j
J.,600 Delaware Lackawanna Western 191% I
I Denver & Rio Grande 21»i •
225 Denver & Rio Grande prefd :• ;■■. <
Erie 13 I
291 Erie Ist prefd 374 I
1,040 Great Northern prvfd 174 !
Hocking Coal 184
Hocking Valley 334:
1,055 Illinois Central 115U ]
200 lowa Central 13% I
800 lowa Central prefd 59% j
■ 100 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf . . 7%
Lake Erie & Western 19
310 Lake Erie & Western prefd 80
Lake Shore US j
! 3.500 Louisville & Nashville S6"» ;
17.950 Manhattan L 110%
225 Metropolitan Street Railway 198 |
2,000 Mexican Central 13*4 1
300 Minn & St Louis 71
Minn & St Louis | refd 94"i j
8.970 Missouri Pacific ' 4t> l -i !
300 Mobile A- Ohio 46' . '
117 Missouri Kansas & Texas 13V*
8 050 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 39',; I
3,600 New Jersey Central 12SVI
2.400 New York Central 187?, .
5,225 Norfolk & Western 27
1,840 Norfolk & Western prefd 71
4,800 Northern Pacific 54%;
200 Northern Pacific prefd '. 76V* i
100 Ontario & Western 2fi'4
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 ,
Oregon Railway ft Nay prefd 76
2.4 M) Pennsylvania 133V4 1
575 Reading 2ll 2
9,410 Reading lxt prefd 61 !
500 Reading 2d prefd ?2Vi j
Rio Grande Western 86
Rio Grande Western prefd SI 1 * j
300 St Louis & San Fran 11V4 j
100 Bt Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 71 |
800 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36"£
600 St Louis Southwestern 13 j
1 800 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31' i j
5.310 St Paul 126%!
St Paul prefd 172 I
St Paul & Omaha I- 1 I
16,275 Southern Pacific SSTs I
3,220 Southern Railway 13", j
7,040 Southern Railway prefd 57 r
1.000 Texas & Paeinc Wg
t.t'2s Union Pacific ■. 47 1 ,fc
2.850 Union Pacific prefd - 77>4 <
Wabash 7% !
2.400 Wabash prerd --"*
2,515 Wheeling & L X 11%
1,776 Wheeling & L E prefd 31
9,261 Wisconsin Central ;... 1914 ,
Express Companies —
Adams 112 ;
American 149
- States — .'.. 50
Wells, Fargo & Co's 130
Miscellaneous..
300 American Cotton Oil 45*4
American Cotton Oil prefd '.<'.
625 American Malting 12 '
2,270 American Matting prefd 46
2.100 American Smelting & Refining 36
2,200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 87
American Spirits ...... 4V4
American Spirits prefd 17 j
100 American Steel Hoop 43
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 82*4
13,150 American Steel & Wire 47%
800 American Steel & Wire prefd... »3»4
1,630 American Tin Plate 34>4
American Tin' Plate prefd S2
16.250 American Tobacco 122 |
American Tobacco prefd ....148 >
1,060 Anaconda Mining Co 43' 2 '
! 212,745 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 90V»
2.010 Colorado Fuel & Iron 5%
8,420 Continental Tobacco 41*4
- 1.226 Continental Tobacco prefd....... 82V4
46.390 Federal Steel BS'i
3,950 Federal. Steel prefd 79-4
General Electric 122
1,610 Glucose Sugar 53 j
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 99 !
1,080 International Paper 26 1
510 International Paper prefd 70
400 Laclede Gas 7-
National Biscuit 40*4
National 'Biscuit prefd 90
500 National Lead 25%
National Lead prefd ios%
3,200 National Reel 454
3 200 National Steel prefd 93
125 New .York Airbrake .145
North American joy
2,676 Pacific Coast , '314
384 Pacific Coaet Ist prefd gj
1,010 Pacific Coast Id prefd......... -$v
1.060 Pacific Mail 39a?
2,400 People's Gas 11414
200 Pressed Steel Car 67^"
Pressed Steel Car prefd $9
Pullman Palace Car 193
12,675 Standard Rope & Twine 11%
37, 160 Sugar -53^
242 Sugar prefd lny.
4.600 Tennessee Coal & Iron .11814
G8.785 United States Leather 3iu
6,650 United State? Leather prefd...; 8374
"30 United Stntes Rubber (SU
200 United States Rubber prefd 112
2,680 Western Union ss*i
1.101 Republic Iron & Steel 25t~.
6SO Republic Iron A Steel prefd 89%
P C C & St Louis 7314
624.400 Total enles.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 4s res 100H M X & T 2ds 70
U B 3s reg 107% M X & T 4s 93*4
US Ss coup ex 1nt.197% N T Cent Jsts 112 V*
V 8 new 4s reg — 129*4 N J Cent Gen "5..119»4
US new 4s c ex 1n.12314 Nor Carolina 6a. ...127
U S old 4s reg 111% Do 4s 104
D S old 4s c0up..,.112'4 Nor Pac lsts 113 !
V S 6- reg HOW 1 Do 3s ex hit r.5%
U 8 Si cp ex lnt...lK'Vi: Do 4- ......102%
Dlst of Col 3 658...117 iN-Y'C & St L 48.10-54
Alabama class. A.. 112 ; N& W cons 4« ft2'/4
Alabama class 8..110 i . Do gen 6s 135
Alabama class C..103 (Or Nay lets ....115
Ala Currency .100 IDo 45... lflJVi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1899.
Atchlson Gen *s.. 9s\ Or Short Line Bs.. 128
Do adj 4f ex int. 8314 o cons 5s 113
Can Southern 2.ls.. ing Reading Gen 45.... 87
Ches & O 4'4s 951 i R G & W lsts 96
Do 5b ex 1nt.... 116.* StL & I M Con T. 5.110 I
C & N COM 7s 14", Stl &P F gen 65. .124
C & N S F Deb 55.10«^ Pt Paul cons Ki9
Chicago Term 45... 874 St P C & P 15t5..1214
D & H G 15t5. ...108 . Do 5h 1204
D & R G 4s 994 Sou Ry Bs 108 Vi
E T Va & Ga 15t6.1039s 8 R & Twine 65... 85
' Erie Gen 4s 71 . Term now sett 35.. 96
F W & D O lsts.. 794 Tex &. Pac lets.... 114%
Gen Elec 5s 119 ; Do 2ds 65
G H & 8 A 6s 110 St'nlon Pac 4s 104
Do Ms 109^ Wnbash lets 113 ft
H & T Cent 65....11Crti Wabaeh 2ds 100
H& T C Cons 65.. 110 West Shore 4s 113
lowa Cent 15t5.... 115 Wise Cent l!>ts.... 764
. X C P & G lsts.. 72\4 Va CcnturieH 834
La new cons 4« 106 Va Deferred 5
L & N unified 4k.. M%ICoI Pou 4s S5
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22; Ontario 7 75
i Point 10 Ophir 60
Con c'al & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 175
Gould & Cxirry 27 ' Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 28 Sierra Nevada 40
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 75
; Iron Silver f.2 Union Con 25
Mexican >0 Yellow Jacket IB
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End prefd. .lls
Call loans sVi(i?6 jWestghse Elec .... 46
Time leans 5 @6 Wisconsin Central 20
Stocks— ' Dominion Coal 47
A T It S F 22^4 Dom. Coal prefd.. ll7H
|AT &S F prefd.. GCVi Bonds-
American Sugar. ..ls4V» Atchlson 4s 98
Amer Sugar prefd. 117 V Mining- Shares-
Bell Telephone 373 Adventure 6ft
Boston & Albany. 26o Ailouez Mm C 0... 3%
Boston Elevated... H>7 Atlantic 25ft
B Bton & Maine... 2os Boston & M0nt....323Ms
C B & Q 138H Butt-- & Boston .. 67
Fitchburg prefd. -.120 Calumet & Hecla.7sß
General Elec 1214 Centennial 25
Gen Klec prefd.. ..139 Franklin 17
FedeseJ Steel .... 63tf Humboldt lhi
Federal Steel prefd 80 Osreola S3
Mien Telephone ..106 Parrot 444
1 Old Colony 206 . Qulncy 150
Old I'ominion .... 28% Santa Fe Copper.. 8%
Rubber 49 Tamarack 214
Union Pacific 47S Wlnona 7 l j
Union I>and Z% Wolverlnos 40 : a
West End 92% Utah 35H
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— Money on call firm at
■ :n; last loan, 5; ruling rate. 20.
Prime mercantile paper, s<B^>\i per cent. Ster
ling exchange, firm with actual business in
v bill? at $4 $6% for demand and $4 82%
(g4 S3 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84 and
$4 &S. commercial bills. $4 82. Silver certifl
eatt-s. Har silver, F>S>-*c. Mexican
dollars, 47'» c. Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, Irreg
ular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
ash balance, $289,391,540; gold reserve,
|
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— FLOUR—
20,'SSS; exports, 30,242; sales, 9500 packages.
Market ruled moderately active and easier In
sympathy with the weaker ruling of wheat and
closed dull and heavy at nominally unchanged
prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 74,000; exports, 58.657;
eales, 2,525,000 bushels futures, 200,000 spot.
Spot, steady; No. 2 Red, 75V*c f. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 1 Northern Imluth, 76% cf. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 2 red. 73V4c elevator. Op
tions opened weak at a decline of %c and fur
ther declined Vie under weak cables, slack
export demand, indifferent outside speculative
interest and prospective heavier receipts. There
■were a few rallies on local covering, but the
market was finally weak at about the lowest
point, a net decline of '.'r^. May, 7S@7B%c,
closed "SMic; December, 74 i 74 7 »c, closed 74"ic.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS — Weakness was the leading charac
teristic of the local market to-day. The de
pression was due largely to an unfavorable
average to foreign news and the daily advices
from producing point! in the West. Sellers
were disheartened and offered freely in some
instances at the lower prices.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG [RON Warrants, dull at $17@18.
COPPER— Lake, easier at $17.
TIN— and lower, with $30 60 bid and
$30 85 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and $4 624
SPELTER— DuII and easy, with $4 So bid and
$5' asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper SI". I
COFFEE — Options closed firm at a net gain |
of 5 to 10 points. Sales, 12,250 bags, Including: j
January, $5 2"; March. $5 40; May, $5 45; July, I
$5 55; September, $5 6596 70. Spot Coffee— Rio,
firm. Mild, firm.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5- 16 c; molasses. 3 9-16 c.
Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1599 packages; firm;
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery, 17@
23c; factory. MV'?l6 l sc.
EGGS— Receipts, ■ 6418 < packages; steady;
Western ungraded at mark, 14@lSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. I.— California dried fruits,
S ■ EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@7c;
EVAPORATED A PrLES— Common, 6®7c;
prime wire tray, 7%@Sc; choice, B%@S^c;
fan ■■ ■' ''!'."■■
PRUNES— per pound as to size and ;
quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 18©15 c; Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20®J2c; unpeeled, 7%@10c.
Cliicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. Wheat made a sudden
drop of 'ie at the opening and continued slow
throughout the session. As the little strength
which characterized the market here yesterday
was In anticipation of higher quotations from
Liverpool as a result of severe military re
verses to the British army In South Africa
the trade became demoralized when the re
verse of that expectation occurred. There was
very little else to encourage selling, but specu
lators became so bearish that in their eager
ness to find purchasers the market slumped
off steadily and closed decidedly weak within
a fraction of the lowest point touched during
the day. A steady Increase in local stocks,
together with an excessively slow cash de
mand, added to the selling movement during
the late trading. . December opened %@',4c
lower at 69%@70c, sold sparingly at 70c, de
clined to 69Uc, and closed with sellers at
6&Vi(g69S£,c. This establishes a new low record
for the December option this year, the lowest
point reached previously being 69%e.
Corn snowed considerable heaviness sympa
thizing with the decline in Wheat. Short sell
ing was the order of the day, under which the
market yielded steadily until near the close,
when country buying started a rally. The
bulge only added increased vigor to the sell-
Ing movement and the market continued Its
downward course until the end. December
closed with sellers at 31 Vie.
Light receipts and fair cash Inquiry coun
terbalanced heavy selling In Oats and the mar
ket after a slight dip early held steady the
remainder of the session. December closed at
22% c.
Provisions were slow and weak. The decline
In Corn, excessive receipts of Hogs and lower
prices at the yards were the depressing In
fluences. January Pork closed 10c lower at
}:• 6009 62 /4; January Lard, 5@7',4c lower at
to 25®6 27%, and January Ribs 5c lower at
$4 90.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 70 70 69»4 69%
May 73% 73% 7SV4 73%
Corn No. 2—
December 31%. 31 .4 31 31%
January 30% S0»? 30% 30%
May 32% 32% 32% 32%
j Oats No. 2—
December '.. 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24V* 24% 24 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 8 07V6 810 !00 800
January 965 965 960 J 62U,
Lard, per 100 lbs — . ■ .
December 5 12% 5 12V4 810 810
January ...5 30 5 30 6 25 6 27U,
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ™
December 4 774 4 77% 475 475
January... -_ 4 _ 92^ 4 92 ' 5 * 87*4 *80
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour quiet
and easy; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 69(4g>7m'c- No
3 Spring Wheat. 64Q>7(%c; No. 2 Red. ' 70@71c :
No. 2 Com. 32c; No. 2 Oats. 23@23Vic- No i
White, 2Cc; No. 3 White. 25@25Uc; No 2 Rvc
E2u. C ; No. 2 Barley. 39@45c; No. 1 Flax Seed
SI 29; Northwestern, $129; Prime Timothy
Seed. J2 30; Mess Pork, per bbl. $S@S 06- Lard
per 100 rbs, $5 17>t@5 20; Short-rib Sides (loose)!
J4 70@G20: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed) S»;<»
i r.,, Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 3505 40-
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 24.'
Articles— j Receipts. Shipments!
Flour, barrels ...30.000 16,000
Wheat, bushels... 257.000 10 000
Corn, bushels 558.000 672 - 000
Oats, bushels. 474,000 422 000
Rye bushels 10.000 1000
Barley, bu5he15........ 156,000 52,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day toe Butter
market was steady: creamery, 15@23c; dairy,'
14@18c. Eggs, steady: fresh, 17@174c. Cheese,
steady ; creams, 11 %.<QWiic.
f— — —
Foreign Futures.
« — i — . , »
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11% 6 M. 6%
Closing .• 5 10% 6 00 B*4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening Holiday.
Closing ,
Flour-
Opening
Closing
Stock of Feedstuff'; in L-vsrpool.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. I— Following are the
stocks of breastuffs anil provisions In Liverpool:
Flour, 155,000 sacks: wheat, 2,213.000 centals.;
corn, 521,000 centals; bacon, 19,200 boxes; bams.
3300 boxes;. shoulders. 1200 boxes; butter, 25.800
packages; cheese. 63,900 boxes; lard, prime
Western steam, 34,200 tierces; other kinds, 1230
tons.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. I.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The past
week has been the most remarkable one In
point of activity ever known in the Boston
Wool market. For the first time In its history
the weekly record has crossed the 20,000,000
--pound mark, the actual sales, so far as we can
ascertain, being 21, ."57, 500 pounds. This aston
ishing showing is the result of an intensely
active demand^ largely from consumers of all
descriptions. As to prices, the tone of the
market it, very strong. Advices from abroad
continue to show a hardening tendency. Not
withstanding the radical advance which has
occurred in American markets prices of Wool
In this country are still relatively considerably
lower than those abnad. and there are many
who believe that there is to be no permanent
relief until more Wool Is fc-rown generally.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
19,067.000 pounds domestic and 2,490.500 pounds
foreign, making a total of U, 637,600, against a
total of 10.071.200 for the previous week, and a
total of 9,069,000 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1. 1599. amount to
270,602,800 pounds, against 102,526.510 last year
at this time.
California Fruit Sales.
< HICAGO. Nov. I.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California Fruit: Grapes— Red Em
peror, $1 45rf?l 70 slnprle crates; clusters S3 02;
Emperor. $1 60®l 70; Tokays, $1 75. Pears -
Bell Lucrative, $2 IB; Keifer, $1 Soft] 90; Vicar,
$1 uOJjri 55. Persimmons, $1 65. Prunes — French,
SOc single crates; Italians, $1 10@l 25. Five car
loads of fruit were sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1. -Karl Fruit Company's
sales of California Fruit: Grapes— Cornichon,
il 55@1 70 single crates; J3 16®3 50 double; To
kays, $1 45@2 15 single. $2 yO-Jj3 70 double. Prunes
—Italians. »oc(jisl 20 single crates. Three car
loade of fruit were sold.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 1— CATTLE-There was a
good demand for Cattle to-day of a superior
quality at firm prices, but the general run
of fair to middling grades moved oft slowly
at a decline of 10c in values. Good to fancy
grades brought $5 50(fi6 65; common to medium,
$4 20@5 45; cows, heifers and bulls, $2@5 10;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@4 75; Texans, %i 55@
4 50: calves, 2407 90.
HOGS— The supply of Hogs exceeded the de
mand and a further reduction in prices of
5<510c was scored. Fair to prime grades, $4 12 : .
04 274; heavy packers. J3 75@4 10; mixed, $4®
4 22V,; butchers, $4 05-54 27*4; lightweights,
$3 9a(f4 25; pigs, »3 50@4 15. ■
SHEEP— was a brisk demand in Sheep
at advancing prices, the recent diminished re
ceipts enabling sellers to dictate terms. In
ferior to prime Sheep sold at $2 25-54 60, West
ern rangers bringing $3 83'5< 50, and yearlings
$4 60<§~4 SO, the best selling r, c higher than
heretofore. Lambs sold at $4^3 65 for Inferior
to choice. Western rangers bringing $4 50@
6 60.
Receipts— Cattle. 16,000; Hogs, 3S.0O0; Sheep.
16,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. I.— Clearings, $423,774;
balances. $52.972.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. I.— Wheat— The mar
ket is dull and inactive with prices tendlne
lower. Walla Walla, 56®65ViC; valley, r,6c; blue
stem, STIJ^Sr. Very few transactions are re
ported at these figures, holders generally de
manding more.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. I.— No change In wheat to
day. Club, 55Vac; bluestem, 57M.C.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. I.— Consols, holiday; silver,
26^id; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers indiffer
ent, operators: cargoes on passage, quieter,
hardly any demand: English country markets,
:>■ '..l and 1* cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. ].- Wheat, steady; holi
day French country markets, aulet.
COTTON— Upland*. 4d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new, quiet, 3s
6d; American mixed old, quiet, 3s 6d. Futures—
Steady; December. 3s 7.1 : January, 3s 6\d.
WHEAT— Spot— Steady; No. 1 California, no
Futures— Dull; December, 5s lO&id;
March, 6s; May, 6s V«d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, tight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 *9
New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 08%
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Exports from this port In October
•were 151,226 ctls, valued at $168,064. making to
tal exports thus far this crop year of 966,954
Otis, valued at $1,050,364.
Another decline in futures la noted. Spot
quotations remain unchanged. The demand on
shipping account 16 dull.
Chicago declined lc and Liverpool Md. the
British reverses In South Africa not having
the effect expected. The shorts appeared the
best buyers. Chicago and St. Louis sold freely
under depressing foreign vices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 06>4; milling,
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $108%: 18,000. $1 08%. May—
$115%; 4000. $116%.
Second Session— No sale?.
Regular Morning Session— December— 22,ooo
ctls, $107%; IS, OOO, $1 OS. May— $115%;
16.000, $1 15.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 OS. May— 2ooo, $1 15%.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
the market remaining dull.
Feed, 75<ff87%c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90@97%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller •99—2000 ctU,
861*0.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market Is in good shape. The
consumption in October was 6000 tons, whereas
the average monthly consumption ranges from
3000 to 4000. This lnereasel consumption Ib due
partly to Government orders for Manila and
partly to a good local demand. The market is
quiet at present but strongly held. White,
$110@130; Red. $1 07%«U 17%; Gray, $1 07%@
1 17%: Black, 97%c@$l 10.
CORN— Dealers continue to quote a dull
and unchanged market. Eastern large Yellow.
$105iJJ)107%: White. $1 05@l 07%; mixed, $102%
@1 05 per ctl. ■ -- ■
RYE— OlVi per ctl. The market Is
dull, the demand having been satisfied for
the present.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms ; bakers' extras, $3 4*33 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40©3 50 per barrel for
extra. $3 25@3 40 for bakers, and $2 25(53 for su
"m I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
low*, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. %2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25;
Oat Groats $4 M>; Hominy, $3 25(53 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4^4 X: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, »4 f.O; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 OMT6 45; In sacks, $5 85® 6 25;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Poaa, $4 60; Green Peaa,
»5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuff s.
Bran is lower, unflpr heavy receipts from
the north. Middlings are unchanged.
Hay continues stiff at the advance, and
every day or two a further rise is announced.
BRAN— $17(317 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 BO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 GO@IB per
ton; OH Cake Meal at the mill $26327; jobbing,
$27 50-S2B: Coccanut Cake $203521- Cornmeal,
$2?, 60034 50; Cracked Corn. $24g25; Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $S@9 50 for common to good
and $10^10 R0 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50
@10; Oat. $7@9 60; Barley, $5g7 50; Alfalfa, $5®
7 50 per ton; Compressed, $7 50@9 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are hardly as firm ac they have been,
and quotations are now merely steady. The
demand appears satisfied, for the time being
at least. A good many Beans are reported
damaged by the rain.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50<g>2 60; small White, $2 85
@2 95; large White. $2 30@2 4^; Pinks, $2 35@
2 45; Reds, $3 6003 75; Blackeye, $4 50; But
ters, $3: Lima, $4 90fSo; Pea, $2 75@3; Red
Kidneys. $2 60(§2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3®mc; Yellow
Mustard. 4J?4Hc; Flax, nominal: Canary.
3Vic per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2tto3c; Hemp, 4®4^40;
Timothy. 4(fS4^c.
DRIED P~EAS-Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes are in much lighter supply and
firmer, but stocks of green Peppers are much
I: .jer, and there is more Egg Plant on the
market. Mushrooms are suddenly in free sup
ply and most of them are slow of sale, being
dry and poor.
Potatoes and Onions are unchanged.
POTATOES— River Reds, 65@65c; Burbanks,
40@65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $I@l 25; Ore
gon Burbanks, 75ca$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c for
Rivers and $t for Merced.
ONIONS— 6O-5 75c Der ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4n per lb;
String Beans, 336 c; Lima BeanF, -,'af,r;
Cabbage, 50c; Tomatoes, 20@40c; Egg Plant,
35<g50e; Dried Okra, 12^c per lb; Garlic,
Green Peppers", 35975 c per b^x; Carrot?. 3f'W4i~ic
per sack; Cucumbers, 50c: Marrowfat Squash,
$S@lo per ton; Mushrooms, 10@20c per lb for
choice and 3&Bc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Game shows no change worthy of note, as the
supply and demand about balance.
Poultry continues depressed, and there are
free stocks of Eastern on the market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 15(g>
17c; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 500 I
1 75; Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $4 50@5 50 for
young; Hens, $4®5; Young Roosters, $3@3 50;
Old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, »3@3 25; Broilers,
$3@3 25 for large, $2 60<?f3 for small; Pigeons,
jl 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail. XI SOffil 75: Mallard, $5@7: C n- a
vasbaok. $6®9; Sprig, $80860; Teal. $803 60;
Widgeon, $252 50; Small Duck. $2(32 25; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare, ?1 50: Rabbits, %1 75; Gray
Geese, $3 50; White, ?1 50; Brant, $1 50@2 50;
English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 25@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is lower again and depressed, and
sellers are pressing the market. Some deal
ers report an accumulation of stock. Eggs are
steady with moderate stocks. There is no
change In Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 27(§'28c; seconds,
25@26c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 22@24c;
common, 21c.
Pickled roll, 22(g24c; firkin, 21@22%c; cream
ery tub, 22H024C.
1 ::: -rn --17''j for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin: Oregon ladle, 17019 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll%c; old. 10&@
lie; Young America, 11 He: Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— at 25«?324c for store and 37%@
40c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 2S@3oc for
selected, 25© 27 Vic for No. 1 and 20022H0 for
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes are lower and dull, as they are
generally poor and wet. The first crop is well
nigh exhausted. Table Grapes Etand the Fame.
A car of Oranges from Palermo Is expected
to-morrow. Limes are slightly lower.
Persimmons are selling at 75c per small box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35<gi55c per box for common; 75c@$l
for rood to choice and $1 25@1 r.O for fancy.
BERRIES — Blackberries, ?4@6 per chest;
Strawberries, — per chest for small and
J2@'4 for large berries; Raspberries. $4@6
per chest; Huckleberries, s@7c per lb; Wiscon
sin Cranberries, $6 SXJ7 60 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries, $7 sO'p <; 50; Coos Bay Cranberries,
16 50 per barrel and B©2 25 per box.
Grapes, 20(!T35c for Black, 25<3>40c for Muscat,
25@30c for Tokay, 30(540c for Cornichon; cratos
sell lf>@lsc higher; Wine Grapes. $23©2S per ton
for Zinfandel, $18<§'22 for other black and $15@
18 for White; second crop Zinfandel, |18(5'22.
Pomegranates, 50®75c per box.
Winter Pears. 50c@$l 50 per box.
Quinces, 7f.c"?Jl per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Panama Oranges, $3 50
per 100; Lemons, 76c®Sl 50 for common and J2@
360 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4:
California Limes, ■ : Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Dealers and broker? report a quieter market
with less steam, thouph prices show no change
beyond the decline in Peaches already noted.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4, ■ for
40-50' 4%c for 50-60's, 3»4e for 60-70' 3%c for
70-80's. 3c for 80-90*8 and 2%c for 90-100* s; Apri
cots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%@
6c for Standards. 6%@7c for choice and "Vie for
fancy; peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evaporated
Apples, 6%@7%c; Sun-dried. 4%@5c per Ib; Nec
tarines, B<§9c per lb for red; Pears., 6%@Sc for
quarters and S@loc for halves; Black Figs, 3@
-;:.■■ White Figs. 4i??fi; Plums, 6<f6%c for pitted
and 1%<&2%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c: prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice. 7%c: standard, 6%e;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, s%'c;
3-crown, 6 We; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box : 3-crown $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping polnt3
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 15c; Walnuts, B(»i9c for
standards, and 9%@10c for softshell; Almonds,
10%1a'12Vic for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4®
5c for hard-shell: Peanuts, s*;@6 ! Jic for East
ern, and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, B%W9c;
Filberts. ll@ll%c; Pecans, 7%@Bc; Cocoanuts,
$4 50fff5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi@7%o:
light amber extracted, 6%@7c: dark, 5%c per
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy,
9%©10 c for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c: California Hams, 13% c; i
Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family $14". extra Prime Pork, $12 £0; extra
clear, $16 50; mess, $15(g15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
LARD— quoted at 6<fffiHc per 1b for
compound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
Sc - 10-lb tins. S*ic; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%<g7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Some Bate* of Hops are being made at the i
decline. Hides are quieter, but as firmly held j
as ever. .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy . salted I
steers. ll@ll%c; medium, 10% c; light. 9%c; j
Cowhides. 9%ffloc: Stags, 6%@7%c; Salted Kip,
9Uc* Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and ,
brands 13c; Dry T<ip and Veal, 15%@16c; Dry
Calf 17@lSc; . Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c i
each' short Wool. 36@60c each; medium. 70@90c;
long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2®l for large and $1 25@1 50 for small: Colts,
TALLOW— 1 rendered, s%<g~s?ic per lb;
No. 2. 4%2»c; refined, ; grease, 3%c
W( >OL —
Fall clip— Joaquln plains, "'iff Or; South
ern 10c; Middle County, 10@12%c; Humboldt
, and Mendocino. 16(lT16c: Eastern Oregon. ll@15c;
Valley Oregon, 15®lSc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@13c: Northern Mountain, defective, »4j>
lie per lb. -
HOPS— S@IOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— "®"'/4c per lb for Steers and 6H@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Sc; Ewes, 7@7£c
LAMB- Spring, 7*4@BV4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, sVic for small, 6Vi<g\ r ,%c
for medium and KSB^c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, Be: dressed Hogs, 7©BMsC.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baps, 7@7^c; Wool
Bags, 28(g30c; Fruit Bags, 6c, CVic and 6^c for
the three grades of white and 7^c for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle. $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wuilsend,
,J8; Scotch. ; Cumberland. $9 75 in bulk and
$11 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kg«,
$13; Cannel, "$S 50 per ton; Rock Springs, and
Castle Gate,- $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton in bulk
and $15 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100- bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, 60: Dry Granu
lated, 4Tic: Confectioners' A, 4T«,c; California
A. — Magnolia A, 4Hc; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, . 4%c: . barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, %c
more; boxes, %c more; SO-lb bags, He more.
i No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
] equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. ss»c; boxes,
o?»c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, Nov. 1. !
Flour Qr sks 18,025 Bran, sks I.U'O
Wheat, ctls 12,720 Middlings, sks .. 440
Barley, ctls 36.15U Sugar, sks 700;
Oats, ctls 2,050 Sugar, bbls 41fi
Cheese, ctls 17: i Lime, bbls 878
Butter, ctls 93 Ralelns. bxs 200
Tallow, ctls 221 Quicksilver, flsks 130
Brandy gals 3,700. Leather, rolls ... 28
Wine, gals 41,000 Hides, No 3SI
I Corn, ctls 10,810 Eggs, doz 3,660
! Beans. Pks 8,701 Wool, bags 413
I Potatoes, sks 3,205 Hops, bales 74
Onions, sks 1,300 Hay. tons 382
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks fi,«l Onions, ?ks 199
Wheat, ctls 570 Bran, pks 6,015 j
Oats, ctls 1.940 Middlings, sks .. 500 1
Potatoes, sks .... 2.142
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4,100
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600
THE STOCK MARKET.
I There was a good business on the morning;
', session of the Bond Exchange, but the only
' fluctuation worthy of note was a decline in
| Gas & Electric to $60 12%:
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Oceanic Steamship Company, 50 cents per
share; San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 42 cents per share ;_,Hana Sugar Plan
tation Company, 50 cents" per share for the
quarter. Mines— .Anaconda Copper, $2,100,000;
Commonwealth Zinc, $10,000; Grafton, $10,000;
I Last Dollar, $20,000; Mary McKinney. $30,000;
Moon Anchor, $45,000.
. The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share on the sth.
The Mutual Electric Company will pay a
dividend of 8 cents per share on the 6th.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share on the 6th.
The Giant Consolidated Powder Company
will pay a dividend of 50 cents per share on
the 10th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 40 cents per share on the
10th.
The San Jose "Water Company will pay a
dividend of 50 cents per' share on the 10th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
"WEDNESDAY, flov. I—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid A>k.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 5% 5%
4s quar coup.. —\ — Mutual El Co. 14>4 15
4s quar reg — — OGL & H — 45
4s quar new... — 131*4 Pac Gas Imp.. 60 61
I 3s quar coup.. — 108%|Pac Light Co.. 41
Miscellaneous— SFG & E 60 60Vi.
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran 3 3%
C C Wat 55.. .107*4109 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L& i J 6s. 130 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. 115 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
! Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
.|H C& S 51,45. .107% - Anglo-Cal .... « -
L A Ry 55....105<i106% Bank of Ca1... 406% — i
'LA LCo 65.. 99 — Cal 9D & T.. — —
. Do gtnd 65.. 99 — First National — 245
I Do gtnd 55.. — — Lon P& A. 129 —
jLA &P R 55. 104 — 'Mer Ex — l«
Market-st 65... 127 — i Nev Nat 8k...1*3V-190
Do Ist M .116 — I Savings Banks—
NCN OR 78.112 — Ger S & L...1700 ."< —
N Hof Cal 65.114 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal ss.ll2%ll3ViiMut Say 8k... 39 42U
NPC R R 65. 101 — S F Say U...G00 —
NPC R R 55. 107 108 Say & L So.. — 82%
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — ; Sec Say Bk.. — 310
OG L & H — 110 j Union T C 0. .1400 1440
Dak Tran 65... 112 113 I Street Railroads—
j Ocean S S 55. 105 106 California ....121 124
!Om C Ry 65... — Geary 50 —
| P & Cl Ry 65. .10;i£110 Market-st .... 62% —
iPk& ORy 65. 115 — Oak SL& H. - 50
Powell-st R 6s — 122 ; Presidio 25 30
Sac El G&R5s. — — i Powder—
6F& N P 55.114% — California ....160 170
ISF & S JVa5.115%116 X Dynamite... Ms
SRy of Ca165.108%110 Giant Con Co.. 84% 85
SPof A 65... .112% — Vigorit 2% —
S P C 65(1905). — — , Sugar—
iS P C 6s(l?0fi).lll — Hana P C 0.... 9% 10%
■ R P C 65(1912).115Vi — ,-Haw C & S Co ">S»i v>7
'SPC Is eg ss. — — Honokaa S Co. 34% —
I s P Br 6s 122%123% Hutch S P Co. 2S 2 29
: S V Wat 6... — 114% KUanea S Co.. 25 30
S V Wat 45... 102% — |Makawell S Co 48% 49%
S V W4s(3dm).lol ! Si — Onomea S Co. 35% 39
Stktn Gas 65. . — — Paauhau S Co. 35% 36
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
; Contra Costa.. 71% 72% Al Pack Assn.llß% —
Marin County. 50 - Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
i Spring Valley. — 101%' Oceanic S Co.. 91& 91%
Gas and Electric— ;Pac A F A.... 1% —
"pnt Gas C 0... — — iPac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
j Cent L & P.. 6 7 Par Paint Co.. S% —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 17 8714
100 Contra Costa- Water 72 00
100 Equitable Gas 5 62%
50 Giant Powder Con, s 90 S4 50
5 Giant Powder Con 84 62%
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
50 Hutch S P Co, cash 28 75
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 75
! 125 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
j $1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 00
I 10 Paauhau S P Co, cash 35 37%
■ 30 Paauhau S P Co, cash 35 50
1 55 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 12%
10 8 V Water, cash 101 50
$4000 B V Water 65..... 114 25
Street—
; 60 Paauhau S P Co 35 37%
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Contra Costa Water, s 15 72 00
- Giant Powder Con 84 75
5 Hutchinson S P Co 2S 75
i 165 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
i 130 Oceanic S S Co 91 25
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 00
40 Onomea Sugar Co 33 50
I 15 Paauhau SP Co 35 50
60S F Gas & Electric Co 60 25
70 S F Gas & Elec Co 60 12%
25 S V Water, b 3 101 50
■ 15 S V Water 10150
I Street—
! $GOOO Contra Costa Water bonds 108 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 35 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
I 25 Contra Costa Water 71 87%
I 40 Contra Costa. Water .72 00
[ 150 Equitable Gas 5 87%
10 Oceanic S S Co 9100
' 20 Oceanic S S Co 91 124
' 50 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 50
20S F Gas & Electric Co 60 50 I
10 S V Water ...101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
I 20 Contra Costa Water 72 00
10 Contra Costa Water 72 124
I 30 Giant Powder 84 50
20 Giant Powder 84 62%
25 Giant Powder 84 75
100 Equitable Gas 5 75
So Hutchlnson Sugar 28 57%
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 00
•10 S V Water 10150
CALIFORNIA* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— • .
250 Tidal Wave ; 3 05
200 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
f.O Equitable 100
10 Big Panoche 150
10 Big Panoche 1 60
• 100 Big Panoche 1 65
I 100 Big Panoche 1 70
i 20 Kings County Oil Co 2CO
30 Kings County Oil Co 205
50 Kings County Oil Co 2 10
! l."0 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 05
' 200 Century Oil Co 70
! Street—
I 100 Monterey Oil Co 25
! Afternoon Session.
! Board—
300 Tidal Wave 305 i
100 Northfield 73
100 Equitable 100
Street—
i 50 Buckhorn Oil &T Co 430
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated % ..... 105
400 Petroleum Center 23
150 San Luis 5 624
Street—
J 10 Shamrock 160
Afternoon Session. .
I 200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 105 j
j 400 Petroleum Center 25
200 San Luis 5 50
i MINING STOCKS.
1
i The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ; -..-.:.
200 Andes 07 200 Chollar ......... 24
100 Best & Belcher 43 , 100 Overman 13
300 Caledonia 47
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ...... 07 200 Utah 07
I 100 Savage 17 50 Yellow Jacket. 20
200 Sierra Nevada. 40!
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Chollar ......... 2:1 500 Ophlr 65
300 Con Cal & V.I 52% 300 Ophlr 63
200 Con Cal & V.I 474 600 Potosi 33
100 Con Cal & Va..l 45! 200 Union Con... 30
600 Hale & Norc. 30 1 300 Union Con •>«
200 Ophir 601.-.
:. Afternoon Session.
300 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
400 Ophir 63 . 200 Sierra Nevada 41
600 Potosi :."■; 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. I—4 p. m
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha .. ...03 OSiKentuck ....... — 03
Alta ............ 02 04, Lady Wash/ton — 02
AUCTION SALES-
AUGTION SALE
' &* £** £&
100 Head of Horses,
Which Must Be Sold Without Reserve,
Comprising
STANDARD BRED TROTTERS,
ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES
And many others Suitable for All Kinds of
Work.
• " The Property of DAN McCARTY.
At 1O a- m.,
I THIS DAY.
1 THURSDAY Nov - 2 > 1899
I At Corner FIFTEENTH and VALENCIA STB.
i Horses now on s. premises. Pedigrees fur-
j niVhed at sale. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Andes 07 08 1 Mexican 19 21
Belcher ........ 28 80} Occident*] 12 14
Best & Belcher 43 44 Ophir 62 63
Bullion 06 (^Overman 12 U
Caledonia 4-i —'Potosi « 33
Chollar 22 24 (Savage lj; 1.
Challenge Con. 19 21 Scorpion 0- -
Confidence 66 70, Beg Belcher ... to 0
Con c; ! & Va..i 45 iSO Sierra Nevada. 40 41
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point.... 10 12 Standard ZSO —
Exchequer 01 02. St Louis - C->
Gould & Curry. 2:< 30 Syndicate — P6
Hale & Norc... 30 82 Union Con 28 30
Julia — 02 Utah • • '■■ "?
Justice 03 04 Yellow Jacket. 13 21
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Ft rt Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TIU "USD AY, NOVEMBER 2.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
tht day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are bu.
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r"ference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 1. 1599.
The time ball en the tower of the new Ferry
Duilding was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINP.
Lieutenant Commander, V. S. N.. in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 1.
Stmr China, Seabury, 29 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama IS days, via Honolulu 7
days.
Stmr City of Puebla, Thomas. 27 days 10
hours from Manila, via Nagasaki and Kobe 16
days 4 hours.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hinkle, 11 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 33 hours from Ga
viota.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
- Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr State of California. Gage, 59 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 42% hours.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 4R hours from Coos Bay.
U S stmr Hu^h McCulloch, Coulson, 66 hours
from Portland.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, 100 hours from N'a
naimo.
Hr stmr Duke of Fife, Cox 26 days from
Brisbane. ,
CLEARED.
Wednesday. November 1.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Sydney, via Honolulu;
J D Spreckels & Bros Co. " .
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer. Hong >ng-4
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W I' A very-
Ft bark General de Charette, Rehel. Hull; d
W McNear.
Br ship Dlmsdale, Rothery, Queenstown; E C
Evans. I
Fr ship Bourbaki, Lenormant, Bristol; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co. '
SAILED.
Wednesday. November 1.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higgins, Portland.
stmr Alcazar. Carlson, .
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Jep stmr Hongkong Maru Filmer. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu
Bark Mohican. Kelly, .
Bktn Quickstep. Hansen. Kahului.
, Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 1 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 12 miles per hour.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr China, from China. Nov I— Oct 30.
S2O miles from San Francisco, met stmr City
of Peking, hence for Manila.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS _ HARBOR— Sailed Oct Bktn Geo
C Perkins, from Hilo; stmr Grace Dollar, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct Schr Laura Madsen. hence
Oct 22: schr Volant, hence Oct 9: schr Martha
W Tuft, from Guaymas: schr J B Leeds, from
Honolulu: atmr Newburg, hence Oct 23.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov I— Ship C
F Sargent, hence Oct 27: Per bark Japan, from
Ptsaqua; schr Premier, hence Oct 21, for Olym
pla.
Sailed ir.fvard Nov I— Schr Robert Seirles.
TACOM A— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Czarina, from.
Seattle: schr Wlnslow. from Port Townsend. M
Sailed Oct 31— Br ship Drumblair. for Queen»BT
town: bark B P Cheney, for Honolulu. -
Continued on Page Eleven.CLARK FAVORITE
IN SACRAMENTO
Confident of Winning
Mayoralty Fight.
«
DEMOCRATS FIGHT STEPHENS
COLORED CITIZENS ARE ALSO
UP IN ARMS.
They Have Not Forgotten the Insult
Offered Them by the Man Who
Is Now Seeking Their
Votes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. Unless some
thing: unforeseen happens George 11.
Clark will surely win the Mayoralty light.
Hacked by the most Influential men of the
city "Gentleman George," as he is fa
miliarly known to his associates, is mak
ing wonderful progress in his canvass for
votes and according to the political wise
acres his election is assured. As an In
centive to win votes for htm his sup
porters have advanced the argument that
inasmuch as Sacramento has entered on
a new era of prosperity It behooves every
citizen who has the interest of the city
at heart to elect a young and experi
enced man like Clark to handle the reins
of government.
R. D. Stephens, tho Democratic candi
date, is steadily losing ground and his
supporters are correspondingly uepressed.
Iwadore Alexander, his chief lieutenant,
has about given up the tight.
The colored citizens, still pmarting un
der the gratuitous insult aimed at them
by Stephens when ho was a member of
the Legislature of 1870, are working hard
to secure tho election of Clark. Last
night they held an enthusiastic meeting
at which resolutions were passed strongly
indorsing the candidacy of the Repub
lican standard-bearer.
Many of Clark's friends predict that he
will win ':■■ 500 votes, while others place
his majority at 1000, Clark is so confident
of success that he intends to rest, so to
speak, until the day of the election.
"I cannot see how I can lose," he con
fidently remarked to-night. Stephens is
making a strong tight, but I think I have
a shade the better of it. My friends are
work:: imWutlgubly in my Interest and
if their encouraging reports continue
coming In there is no doubt in my mind
that I will be the next Mayor of Sacra
mento. I thoroughly understand the
needs of the city and am in hearty ac
cord with everything That tends to pro
mote Its interest. I have made a clean
light, free from personalities, and have
thus won the friendship of a number of
men who had first intended to vote for
my opponent. When elected I shall en
deavor to run the government on strictly
clean and economical principles."
A large number of Democrats are op
posing Stephens for the reason that he
voted for Palmer at the Presidential
election. They nre making a vigorous
fight against him for this reason and are
hopeful of encompassing his defeat.
CHINAMAN SHOT BY
A HIDDEN ASSASSIN
Highbinder War Breaks Out in Vac
aville and Lawlessness Prevails
in the Mongolian Quarter.
VACAVILLE. Nov. l.— V has broken
out m Chinatown, this city. For the pa.n
six months Chinese highbinders have be
frun to congregate here, holding up the
laboring: class and merchants of their own
race and squandering their 111-gotten
gains at the different frames run in viola
tion of the town ordinance. To-night a
C'Mnese merchant, mmmon'.y known as
Capay Tom, while standing in the door at
nisi place of business was shot by a hidden
assassin across the street. Tom having
the light thrown on him fully from inside
the house made a good target for the
murderous Celestial. The ball from the
rule passed through his eft arm and en
tered the body about two inches below the
heart, making a frightful looking wound
Capay Tom had been Ing business on
the opposite side of the street for some
years, but lately moved to his present
quarters, which Is thickly settled, for pro
tection, attempts having been made on
his life while in the old quarters. The of
ficers now have two Chinese under arrest
for the crime. Capay Tom is not expected
to live.
TWO MEN KILLED.
Additional Casualties Reported From
the Red Bluff Accident.
RED BLUFF, Nov. L— lt was learned '
to-day that the accident which oc>
In the railroad yards last evening instead
of killing one man and wounding one !
killed two and perhaps fatally wounded
another. The iran who was taken to the
■ U last night with both legs cut off !
a few hours later, and to-day
third and fourth man belonging to the
crowd wer< • wood.
C them had - broken and hip j
chi-st f he will prob- ;
Prom his statement it was
l 1 alter be i | i he hung
to the side of the car and with the help
of a partnt : iing Cot
of eighteen miles
c they called the trainmen and were
down. Inquests on the bodies of
) killed Were held here to-day. One
anted Charles Staples and has
Nevada County,
other is still unknown.
Wreck in Oregon.
ROBEBURQ, Or., Nov. I.— About 5
o'clock this evening an extra freight,
'.. was wrecked while rounding
a curve, two miles south of Roseburg.
The engine, tender cars rolled
over i :.t. Engineer Frank
bis wrist broken and his
fireman was slightly
The southbound overland pas
r is held here while repairs to the
track are made. The cause of the wreck
is r.ot determi
Go]d Output.
VANCOUVER, R C, Nov. I.— The
arrived hf>rf> to-day with
moro than 100 passengers from Dawson
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known-Qulckly
Restores Weakened Mankind to
Strength and Vigor.
1,. W. KNAPP, M. D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, such an lmpotency, shrunken
organs nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never fails to restore tht
organs to full natural strength and vigor. The
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
•wants to lot every man know about It. H«
will, therefore, send the receipt giving the
various ingredients to be used to that all men
at a trifling expense can cvr * themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do is to send his name ar.d addrem to L. W,
Knapp. M. D., 1689 Hull Building. Detroit. |
Mich., requesting the free receipt tin reported
in this paper. It Is a generous offer, and all
men oupht to be glad to have such an op-
portunity. "• ; ,-■"= ■',
and Atlin. Some of the Atlln people esti
mate this year's output at one and a quar
ter million dollars. Ixird Ernest Hamil
ton's syndicate is making preparations
for operating the Annsonoa gToup.
INJURED IN A RUNAWAY.
Mrs. E. B. Rich Jumps From a Buggy-
Near Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. l.— A runaway
accident occurred on the seventeen mile
drive, near this place, this afternoon, in
which two ladies prominent in social cir
cles hereabouts were seriously injured.
Mrs. Judge J. A. Pell and Mrs. ES. R.
Kieh were driving In a buggy toward
Moss Beach whep tho horse became
; frightened and started to run. A portion
I of the harness giving way, the horse be
came unmanageable, despite the efforts
of Mrs. Pell to control him, and bejran
to back and rear. This frightened Mrs.
Rich so that she jumped, sustaining, a
ound fracture of the lower part of
the left leg and a severe scalp wound.
' The horse finally ran into a tree, throw
ing Mrs. Pell and hor two-year-old son out
and breaking her rib -wise injur
i ir.gr Mrs. Pell. The babj was unhurt ex
• ept for bruises. Both ladies will, it Is
said, suffer no permanent bad effects.
♦
Bonds Reissued.
WOODLAND, Nov. I.— The Board of
City Trustees held a special meeting at
itv Hall Monday evening for the
purpose of considering the bids for the
purchase of the refunding bonds of the
city of Woodland, amounting to 178,000.
Attorney Lawrence T. Wagner, repre
ig Rollins & Co. of New York, pre
-1 the only bid, which was $78,000.
iccepti ■! the bid and ordered
the City Treasurer and City Attorney to
th< preai ■ t bonds outstanding and
■ ■ new Issue In accordance with
the provisions s"t forth in an ordinan.ee
 Thereto. The new bonds are di-
Into forty Bories, -me series being
h year. Each series consists
-. The first series will be
payable on the first Monday in October,
TO INQUIRE ABOUT BOERS.
BRUSSELS, Nov. I.— Dr. I^eyds, the dip
lomatic agent of the Transvaal, has re
-1 the consent of the- British Secre
tary of State for War, the Marquis of
l.ansdowne, to allow a telegram to b«
Bent to Pretoria to ask the number of
killed and wounded on the side of the
Boers.
Workmen Discharged.
VALL.EJO, Nov. I.— Discharges of
workmen at Mare Island are occurring
weekly. Twenty men of various trades
were discharged Tuesday. Forty iron
workers were discharged to-day from the
ship-fitting force. About 200 workmen
were discharged during the last thirty
lays on account of lack of funds.
+,
Left Her Home
REDDING, Nov. I.— Bertha Wooden, a
i 16-year-old girl of Dunsmulr, was held in
this city over Tuesday night, having been
arrested here at the wired direction
i father. The deluded girl was on her way
3 in Francisco with a lumber logger,
Fred Coby by name. The man will i
I prosecution.
Application Denied.
WOODLAND, Nov. I.— The application
made by Judge Grant, in behalf of tho
Board of Education, to compel the
City Trustees to fix the tax levy in ac
mce with the estimates tt the Board
of Education, has been J'-nied.
Jordan's Lecture Tour.
STANFORD UNIVBRSITT, Nov. L—
President Jordan left to-day for H<
burg, where he lectures to-morrow night.
From there h« goea to Bakersfleld, where
■aks Saturday evening, returning to
the university Sunday,
Death of Viscount Pellew.
LONDON, Nov. I.— The death is an
nounced of Edward Klc^twood John Pel
lew, fourth Viscount of Exmouth. He
was born June 24, IS6L
General Youngband Dead.
LONDON, Nov. L— Lieutenant General
Wright Young-band (retired.) Is dead. He
was born June 20, 182 L
TO TEST THE LAW.
Can Courts Enforce Penalties for
Grazing 1 Sheep on Federal
Reservations?
Peter and John Manta and TV. H.
Wright, sheep herders, pleaded guilty In
the United States District Court yester
day of having unlawfully graced their
sheep on the United States Forestry Re
serve in Stanislaus County. Judge do
Haven fined them $25 each, and they paid
the tine. Judge, de Haven made the slg
nt remark that if the qui-stion were
raised as to the power of the court to
enforce any penalty for an infraction of
tho regulations of the Department of the
Interior, he would have his doubts.
The matter will be tested in the United
States courts In this city shortly. J. Eche
verria, a sheep owner, has been arrested
on a similar complaint for disregarding
the prohibition by the Si cretary of the ln
r against the pasturing of sheep on
Government forest, reservations. His at
■■ is engaged in filing a demurrer to
the i: and will plead that Con
■ . of the Interior the authority to fix
laity for the violation of a regulation
of the department. The sheep men com
plain that the regulation legislati s against
raisers are
allowi ■■■their cattle all over Gov
ernment reservations.
CAHILL ARRESTED.
Coroner Hill Issued a Warrant for
Cruelty on the Verdict of
a Jury.
Evidence taken yesterday morning In
■ ntinued Inquest Into the cause of the
de.-uh of tho 8-year-old daughter of John
Cablll of 920 Bryant .- : rf.-i developed the
fact that death had been caused by neg-
I >r. Zabala, the autopsy surgeon,
testified that the child died or Inanition.
John Cahill, the father, appeared at
the inquest, Bober, and said that he had
employed ft woman to take care of the
sick child , but tho woman had deserted
her charge.
The jury brought in a verdict charging
Cahill with neglect to furnish the girl
with food and medicine, and Coroner Hill
Issued a warrant fur Cahill'a arrest on the
Charge of cruelty to children and sent the
warrant to the < 'alifornia-street police
station to be served on Cahill.
The Coroner's warrant tor the arrest of
John Cahill was served last night by Of
ficers McMurray and Fontana. Cahill
spent the night in Jail.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
The first entertainment given by the
National Union Social and Literary Club,
under the patronage of the San Fran
cisco Cabinet of tht- National Union, In
Qoldeo Gate Hall, Tuesday night, fur the
purple of increasing sociability among
the members of the order, was a decided
success, there being in attendance a large
number of the membership and their
lady friends. One remarkable feature of
the evening was that there were no long
addresses interspersed in the numbers
presented. The programme included
musical selections by Scheel's orchestra;
soprano aolo, Minnie R. Powell; fancy
dancy, Miss Ida Remmington and Mies
Mabel Dodge; barytone solo, F. TV.
Thompson; violoncello solo. "Aye Maria,"
Wilifam Wretch Jr.; contralto solo. Mlrs
Rosina Roeine. and specialties by Dr. TV.
H Sieberpt. J. E. Field, a member of
the National Union Senate, briefly ex
plained the object of the club.
A good programme of dancing followed
the entertainment and It was midnight
before "Home Sweet Home," waa play
ed The function was under the direction
of TV. W. Haley. J. X. Bunting, E. A.
Kidd and F. H. Hasting.
Internal Revenue Changes.
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector John
C. Lynch will make a few changes In his
office to-day. He will assign Deputy Col
lector Frank L.. Fletcher from San Fran
cisco to the Ban Joaquln District. In place
of William Cavan. who was dismissed yes
terday. Cavan Is a Democrat and was not
protected by the civil service system. W.
G. Hawkett of Oakland will bo appointed
in Fletcher's place, i Mr. Lynch has made
these transfers and removals for the pur
pose of increasing the efficiency of his
office. Pojitlcal considerations have had
no weight with him. He pays that he does
not Intend to make any further changes
at present.
THE SAff FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LONG LIFE OF
CAPTAIN BADGER
EBBING AWAY
Rewarded Years Ago
for Bravery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 1.
Captain Thomas W. Badger is seriously
ill at his home in East Oakland, and but
little hope is entertained for his recov
ery. The captain is one of the best known
pioneers of this city, and indeed at one
time owned, a large portion of the terri
tory on which modern Oakland is built.
He Is an old sailor-pioneer, having fol
lowed a life at sea until he landed in
San Francisco on the sth of August, 1849.
For a long while he engaged in the ship
ping business in San Francisco, and had
vessels trading all over the coast until
1872, when he retired from that business
and interested himself in his public park
at Brooklyn, East Oakland, which he
purchased in 1861. Eleven years later he
commenced building his great pavilion at
Badger's Park, and after an expenditure
of $50,0Ck> Badger's Grand Central Park
was thrown open to the public. The re
sult was an Immediate success, and his
park, dancing hall, ten-pin alley, mu
seum, amphitheater, menagerie, flower
garden and sailing pond were very ex
tensively patronized until they were de
stroyed by fire many years ago.
One of the most valued possessions
of the old captain was presented to him
in 1858. It was a silver trumpet, sub
scribed for by citizens "in token of their
high appreciation of Captain Badger's
conduct on board the steamer Central
America at the time of the loss of that
ill-fated vessel." The steamer was on a
trip from Aspinwall to New York and in
rough weather was wrecked. Her cap
tain and officers were among the lost and
Captain Badger assumed management
of the foundering steamer, which he kept
afloat until relief came from a Nor
wegian bark. To his efforts was attrib
uted the saving of nearly 200 lives. On
arriving- at New York the citizens at once
subscribed to give him a memento of their
recognition of bis bravery, and he could
just as easily have had a large sum of
money as a silver trumpet, but he de
cllmd, although in the wreck he lost
in coin which he had made in Cal
ifornia.
Under tho administration of Governor
Ilnlght Captain Badger was a Pilot Com
missioner of San Francisco, and held the
office for many yenrs. His large hold
ings have very materially decreased, and
about two years when the City Council
proposed to make some very extensive im
provements near Badger's Park the old
captain appeared before that body and
said that if the Council were determined
to carry out these improvements It
would bankrupt him entirely. He closed
a very earnest appeal by telling them
that after he was gone would be tim«>
enough to go ahead with the proposed
work.
HAS BECOME FAMOUS AS
CHAMPION OF HER SEX
MRS. CARRI.d CHAPMAN CATT
TO SUPPORT SUFFRAGE.
The Able Lieutenant of Susan B. An
thony Here to Assist the Cause
of Woman's Rights.
At the California Hotel there arrived
last evening Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt
of New York, chairman of the committee
on organization of the National Woman's
Suffrage Association, and Mary G. Hay,
secretary of the pame committee.
The two ladles came from Oregon,
whore they have been for some time past
attending to the Interests of their Bex
in the matter of the suffrage amendment
now pending in that State.
Mrs. Catt has not been here since IRWS, :
when she came out to the coast to use
her Influence in behalf of the suffrage
amendment In this State, which move
ment was defeated notwithstanding her
influence exerted in Its behalf.
Mrs. Catt and her secretary came out
this time to attend the meeting of the
State Woman's Suffrage Association,
whi«»h is to take place at Golden Gate
Hall on Sntter street In the near future.
Mrs. Catt is looked upon as the one on
whom the mantle of Su«an B. Anthony
will fall as soon as that redoubtable
leader relinquishes thn gavnl which she
has wielded so long and so ably. Mrs.
c.itt |s said to be eminently fitted for the
position which she may so soon be called
upon to fill. Gifted with a charming
personality, absolute fearlessness, a
quick, bright mind and splendid executive
ability, sh<- eomlnnea those traits with a
carefully trained diplomacy and marked
oratorical ability, snaking In herself a foe
worthy the Steel of the strongest opponent
that the opposite sex can put forward to
do battle against the ambitions of the
gentler portion Of humanity.
Mrs. Catt was born in Ripon, Wis.. in a
y< ar which gallantry has failed to chron
icle. She was educated at the State in
dustrial College of lowa, in which State
phe spent most of her life studying the
science of law. During late years she
has spent most of her time between
Washington and California, though she
has made frequent trips throughout the
Union in pursuance of her chose* work,
during which tlmo she has spoken In ovep
half of the States.
Mrs. Catt has a husband In New York
who is a prominent business man. being
heavily Interested in the San Francisco
Kridere Company, the interests of which,
In the East, he looks after.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESTEADERS.
Supreme Court Hands Down Decision
That May Affect Many.
In filing a declaration of homestead a
person must comply with the strict let
ter of the statute in order that the prop
erty may be protected from forced sale.
This Is the substance of a decision handed
down yesterday by the Supreme Court in
the suit of R. M. Reid and wife against
tlie Englehart-Davidson Mercantile Com
pany to quiet title to their home In San
lU-rnardino County.
The case Is of more than passing
note, because It brlnge out a point in law
which may hava been overlooked by thou
sands of homestead holders. The mer
cantile company recovered judgment in a
Justice Court and Reid's interest was sold
by the Sheriff under an execution, tho
company buying in the property.
Reid and his wife brought action to
quiet title, setting up the claim that the
land was protected by homestead. They
won their case.
In discussing the case on appeal Jus
tice Harrison recites that the declaration
made by E. M. Reid reads: "I hereby
declare that I am married, and that I db
now actually reside with my family on
that certain land, etc."
The statute sets forth that a homestead
not exceeding $0000 In value may be se
lected and claimed by any "head of a
family." Reid In his declaration failed
to state that he was the head of a family
and the statement "I hereby declare that
I am married" Is defective In not show
ing that he is the head of a family. In
other words, "the Legislature, has pre
scribed certain formalities and conditions
which are essential to the selection of a
homestead, and which formalities and
conditions cannot be disregarded by
courts." The Judgment was reversed.
VESTED CHOTH FESTIVAL.
Hundreds of Mole Voices Massed to
Celebrate Feast of All Saints,
The Feast of All Saints wns solemnly
observed last night at the Church of St
John the Evangelist. A full choral service
was rendered by the Vested Choir Asso
ciation of San Francisco and vicinity,
and so largo was the audience that every
available inch of spacw was packed and
munv stood in the aisles throughout the
service.
W. A. Sabln, F, R. C. 0., wielded the
HALLOWEEN PARTY AT
A WATER-FRONT SALOON
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— The three
masked men who robbed the Bay
City saloon at midnight are still
at large, nnd there Is apparently
no clew to follow that might lead to
their arrest. Peter Christenson, the
proprietor, will not soon forget his
Halloween ex] rience. "I was busy
with the bartender, McKee, emptying
DEATH OF M. KANE,
WELL-KNOWN PIONEER
ALAMEDA, Nov. I.— Michael Kane, one of Alame-da's bost-known citi
died this morning at his home, 752 Railroad avenue, aged 85 years.
He hart been a sufferer from Bright's disease for the last two months,
but vu able to !>•■ out until last Thursday, when his condition be
came suddenly worse
Mr. Kane was born In County Derry, Ireland, March, 1814. His
family came' to America in IS3O, settling in Pittsburgh In IS4S he formed a
company to go to California and engage in gold mining. The party was
drilled as a military company for protection during the trip to California.
It reached Hangtown, El Dorado County, in August.
In 1851 he returned to Pittsburg. coming back to California in 1*53, this
time by way of Panama, having been appointed United States Mail Agent
for the trip. On his arrival in San Francisco he was appointed an Inspector
Of Customs by M;ijor Richard Hammond, who was then the Collector of
Port. After serving one term in that capacity Mr. Kane was promoted to
tlx- position of Government Storekeeper, under President Pierce. Under
Itiuhanan he was made United States Appraiser, and held the office for
four years. At the close of his term as Appraiser he became a partner in
the new firm of Hunter, Wand & Co., wholesale liquor merchants, on Front
street. The firm afterward became Wand, Kane & Co., and then Kane,
O'l-ea'ry &Co Tr 1882 tha firm sol 4 out and Mr. Kane retired from active
business. Having amassed a considerable fortune, his attention was given
to the Investment of his capital. After a trip to Europe In 1884, the family
came to Alameda. Mr. Kan© purchased the home built by Senator Nathan
Porter, on Railroad avenue, near Webster street, at the time the finest resi
dence in Alameda.
Deceased was a life member of the California Pioneers and served sev
eral terms as a director. Surviving him are his wife, three daughters-
Miss Mollle Kane, Mrs. E. O. Buckley and Mrs. R. W. Theobald— and two
sons, Charles Kane and Frank Kane. Edmond Buckley, a grandson, died
this 'spring in Alaska. His body is expected to arrive In a few days from
the North, and arrangements will then be made for the burial of the grand
father and grandson at the samo time.
baton and Harvey I,oy presided at the
orstaji The effect when the massed choirs
of six parishes, numbering 572 male voices,
burst into Processional Hymn 179 was In
describably magnificent, and great credit
is due to Mr. Sabin for his masterly lead
ership The address was delivered by
Rev. D. C. Garrett, rector of St. Lukes.
The choir.s of the following parishes
took part: St. Luke's. W. A. S;ibin choir
master; St. John's, Miss B. M. Phillips,
choirmis tress; Cathedral Mission of tho
Good Bamarltan, Miss E. Brown, choir
mistress; St. John's. Oakland, Ray
Hanna, choirmaster: Christ Church, Ala
meda, J. de P. Teller Jr., choirmaster;
St. Mark's, Berkeley, Rev. George E.
Swan, M. A., choirmaster; St. Paul's, San
Rafael, Fred Goldfrap, choirmaster.
Cape Nome's Discoverer Back.
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— E. C. Lindblom of
Piedmont, who is credited with being the
discoverer of the riches of Cape Nome,
j has returned home. When hp loft Oak
-1 land eighteen months ago he was a sailor
before the mast. Now he owns some rich
POSTMASTER FRIEND
RECEIVES CENSURE
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— The Oakland ■
postofflco Is Involved in a scan- 1
dal. The postal Inspectors who I
recently Inspected the office have I
sent an advance report to Washington I
and Postmaster Friend expects to be I
reprimanded.
Ha Hays the cause of all the trouble I
Is tha unbusinesslike methods of the I
assistant postmaster, Charles 0.1
Alexander. It is Haid that there ha* I
been a shortage In the office and that I
it has been made good, but Post-1
master Friend said to-night that. I
there is no shortage, but that tho|
work is a lone: way behind
Mr. Friend made the 'following l
statement to-night: >wmj,|
"Various rumors being afloat as to I
the relations existing between rl»»m
O Alexander, assistant po.stmastor.l
and myself,; I desire to set them at!
rest at once that thja work of th ■
offlce may not be further !n,.-riVr,d|
with. Personally the best of feellm'B
exists, but in an official capa< ity iB
have been considerably annoyed and!
may have expressed myself in rather B
harsh terms In the presence of clerks I
and others The only cause of difference B
has been his slowness In making ■'*
his accounts and statements nores-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
cenlured *w« d * part ™ 811 at Washington and for which negligence I may be
w? ™. " c - n> fi V i hay SOme excuse in that for seventeen days in Septem-
S.^T'Jk °? account of grip to be absent, and the previous quar
ter a report had been delayed by causes over which we had no control. The
office was Inspected during the last few days by orders from Washington,
There Is nothing unusual in this and it is lable to be ordered at any time for
any office. The . property and funds of the office I am pleased to say are
round to be all here. . Mr Alexander Is now on duty and has been at his desk
every day except I think on Saturday, when he went to San Jose to bring
home his wife, who was there sick "
Mr Friend also said: "I am not to blame. Alexander is the one at
•♦I v.l 2 CaUSe of all the trouble. I have had a fearful quarrel
i.v vi * I . hava tought and fought with him to try to get him to keep up
with Ms work, but ho would not do it. The Inspectors have come here and
found his i work all behind, and of course there was trouble.
"This is the first time in my life I have ever been called' down in any of
my work. It breaks my heart. Alexander acted like a Chinaman. His work
has brought me into all this trouble. I don't know where it will end. The
plain fact is I cannot make Alexander do his duty. He will go out of the
office and be gone for hours at a time, and he will not give me any explana
tion. These things are the cause of the rumors on the street."
the cash register," said Christenson
to-day, "when three masked men en
tered the saloon. They Immediately
ordered us to throw up our hands, and
I, thinking it was some new Hallow
een joke, joshed them a little, but not
for long. Those three masked faces
and three guns didn't look very at
tractive, so my hands, McKee's hands,
claims and is supposed to be very ■weal
thy, although he declines to discuss his
financial matters. Lindblom is interested
in a company which has 200 men working
at Cape Nome. He says that all the s'.o
riis of that district's wealth are well
founded. He will leave for the northern
country again next May.
Death of Edwin W. Leach.
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— Edwin \V. Leach,
father of Frank A. Leach, Superintendent
of the Mint, died last night, at his son's
home, 541 Hobart street.
The deceased came from New York
around the Tiorn in December, IM9. He
tirst settled in Ban Francisco, then in
Sacramento, and in 1857 removed to Napa
and subsequently to Vallejo, where, his
son was living. Since coming to Oakland
Mr. Leach has been in the business de
partment of the Oakland Enquirer, in
which capacity he remained after his son
sold out his interest two years ago.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
morning at the First Congregational
Church.
CHARLES O. ALEXANDER.
and the hands of Boysen, who was in
the saloon, quickly came as near the
celling as we could make them. The
fellows told us to turn to the wall and
k*ep our backs toward them, and we
did so. One of the men flew to the
wall and pulled off the telephone and
threw it on the floor. Another one
kept us covered with his .gun, while
the third robber quickly scooped the
money off the counter and out of the
till into his pocket; then he took my
pocketbook out of my pocket and aald
he would not bother with the other
men as he knew they hadn't a <■< nt
anyhow. The whole thing occupied
about two minutes, and when the, rob
bers left they told us not to turn
around for five minutes, or we would
repent it. We followed their advice.
Altogether they got a little over $SO."
The saloon is located at Second and
Washington streets, which is a very
solitary and dark section of town at
night time. The three men in the sa
loon were none of them armed, and
the only weapon in the place was a
shotgun carefully packed in a case be
hind the counter, toward which none
of the victims dared retreat while cov
ered with the robbers' guns.
McFEELY GAVE
GOOD ADVICE
TO HIS WIFE
Divorce Follows a
Harsh Letter.
4
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 1.
Therese C. McFeely Is now at liberty to
follow her husband's' advice and marry
again. She has been divorced from James
K. McFeely, who deserted her over four
years ago.
McFeely had no Idea when he wrote a
certain letter to his wife from Vallejo
that it would be used in a manner such as
to make him pay her an additional
monthly allowance. In this letter Mc-
Feely calmly says he is tired of working
for the benefit of his wife and three chil
dren and he prefers to blow his money in
on himself. He suggests to his wife that
if she doesn't like the treatment he gave
her when they were living together she
had better go and seek another husband
and ruin his life, as she had ruined Me-.
Feely's.
According to the wife's statements the
treatment McFeely accorded her in the
past is guch as would very likely induce
her to seek a change. His chief pastime
seunie.l to be getting intoxicated and beat
ing his wife. Once he changed his pro
gramme by kicking her while she was at
tending to her baby, nine days old.
On another occasion Mrs. McFeely tim
idly suggested to her husband that it was
not the proper thing for him to be run
ning around with another woman and
spending his money on her while his own
children were going barefooted. This so
angered the husband that he threatened
to bring in the other woman and let her
horsewhip his wife while he laughed at
the pastime.
Mi i'« ely made no effort to oppose his
will's application for freedom anrl she
was given a decree, the children, alimony,
counsel fees and costs of the suit. Mc-
Feely is an engineer, and his family lives
in We«t Oakland.
Death of an Only Child.
AUkMSSDX, Nov. I.— Ercill Ray Hotch
kiss, the only child of Mr. and Mrs.
Augustin Hotchkisa of 2902 Enclnal
avenue, tiled early this morning of sp'.nal
meningitis. She would have been fi years
old on the 26th day of next month. The
father, Augustin Hotchkiss, is an en
gineer on the narrow-gauge road, row
on a vacation in the East. He was
notified by telegraph of his bereavement.
Dingee-Sather Suic Delayed.
OAKLAND, Nov. I.— The suit of Jane
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■», . . mi^^t *z 1 , ;. —^-"^1
Z^~~ ~~ i\ / TT Lj El / u— u=
Weekly Ca11.91.00 per Year
Snther against W. E. Dingee was to have
commenced to-day in Judge Greene a
court, but by stipulation of both parties
It was continutu m November 28. The>
following people have been subpenaed as
Witnesses; W. J. Dingpe. R. S. Leckie.
F. J. Muffin. E. H. Heron. H. P. Squire,
\Y. W. Garthwaite, E. G. Vinzent, W. < '.
Beatle. T. E. Hanson, J. F. Dingwell J.
D. Willson. L. Friedman. J. L. Bromley.
H. R. Miller, J. W. Harris. W. F. Board
man, E. M Walsh. M. Marcuse. P. Ader,
J. D. French, W. G. Taylor, J. M. Carroll,
R. P. Bromley.
Professor Davidson Keturns
BERKELEY. Nov. I.— Professor George
Pavldson of the college of commerce of
the University of California has returned
from Phll'ideiphia. He went as the ani
versity's delegate to the National Export
Exposition, .recently held in that city.
Professor Davidson reports that J'.erkeley
was the <.nly educational institution, in
the United States represented at the ox
position, owing to the fact that it is the
only university that has a college of com
merce among its list of courses.
Living With. Crushed Heads.
OAKLAND, Nov. ]— Captain L. TjOW
berg, who fell into the hold of a ship
and broke his skull, Is partly conscious
to-day although his condition Is critical
in the extreme.
George Gallagher, the fireman picked up
on the track near San Pablo, is also hold-
Ing his own although it was found neces
sary to press out portions of his skull
from the inside.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
< Positively cured by these
; j Little Pills.
• They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia^
! Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
I feet rexnbdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
| ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. « Purely Vegetable. ; .
Small Pill. Small Dose.
' Small Price;
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
: tl>f% Steamers leave Broadway
'**ey*3r-w wharf, San Francisco:
I i^Sagß)y cr Alaskan ports, 10 a.
kWSH^ m.. Nov. 2, 7. 12, 17. 22. 27.
IBi^aß Dec. 2, rhangp at Seattle.
T JBtaßl %ft ;i For Victoria. Vancouver
B^Aj (B. C), Port Townsend, Sp-
r^^§^EX^\ attle, Tacoma. Everett, An-
acortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7,
12, 17. 22, 27: Dec. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Nov.
5. 10, 15, 20, 25, 30; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles* and
! Newport, 9 a. m., Nov. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24. 23;
Dec 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obfspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Aneelos and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Nov. 2. 6. 10. 14. 18, 22. 26, 20; Dec. i, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, M.ai?dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. . ,
For further Information obtain company a
folder. '■ , . . . .
I The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
arrf hour!" of palling.
TICKET OFFICE— J New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS &■ CO.. Gsn. Agts.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
, * DIBPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO '
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Berth
lAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
j COLUMBIA Nov. 9, 19, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4, 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
j Helena and all points In the Northwest.
i Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Afrent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg , westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. 81 St. Louis Dee. 13
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec.
St. Paul Dec. 6. New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. 8 1 Kensington Nov. 29
I Southwark Nov. 15 NoordJand Dec. 8
Weßternland ...Nov. 221 Friesland Dec 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
i
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
n#r of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, anl
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing.
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. I
j NIPPON-MA Saturday. Nov. 15
I AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Deo. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fop
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COHPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC^
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,~^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <"5T rf?'>
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at ->«•'**?•••
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton it. I.A GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETASNF. Oct. iff. LA TOURAINE. Nov.
t: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. M: LA
TOURAINE, Nov. 80; LA BRF.TAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. fCO and upward: 5 per
cent reduction on round trio. Second-class la
Havre. $45; 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, SI Broadway /Hudson build-
Jnjr). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
e!flc Coaat A recta, I Montgomery aye., Baa
Prmoelaco.
J^^MllMli s - s - Moar.a sails-
flP>QlalEioSi£l3! vla Honolulu and
Is jl^tßl*!* "'** Auckland for Sydney
WviLlaW • Wednesday. Nov. 1.
Qfwm^nin=) The E. S. Australia
«3gWGHuulljlll|' v calls for Honolulu
*^«b3^ ffimP/iftLk- Wednesday, Nov. 15.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sue*.
England, eta; $610 first-class.
). 0. SPRECKELS & 6K05.C0., Agts.. (14 Montgcmerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frei? MOrSce.??-? Marital St.
BAY AND KIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VAILEJO.
Steamer "Monticallo."
MOK, Tue».. V/ed.. Thurt. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m 8:16. 0:80 p. m. (ex. Tnur«. night). m.
iavt,"'l r m. and 8:80; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., I
p. m. Landing and office. M) sal on -street Dock.
Pier No. «. Telephone Main 1508.
! FARS jiiumm-iitiiiiMinni •■■■•• SQa
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BL't-'INEgg OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
Until 12 o'clock every n.cht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clny; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock, '
«9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larktn street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
fSSI Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
nrtil 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 o'clock.
:a-»6 Valencia ttreet; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-*
tucky ftryfts; open nntll 9 o'clock..
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -_-_
No. 16, K. T., C2a Sutler St.— Officers *«■{*»■
a.nd members are hereby notified to jMj
Effrmble In full uniform at the asy- <M •
lv.m TO-DAY .THURSDAY!. Nov. 2. >f .
at 1 o'clook, fnr the purpose of conducting
the funeral services of our late frater. sift .
OSCAR J. KRON. * !
J. C. CAMPBELL. Eminent Commander.
V.'M. T. FONDA, Recorder. J
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— A
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*^-
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma-Ri<
sonic Temple, I6SS Mission st. Bus - 1 '
news and Royal Arch degree. By order of the,.
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) <J^
EVENING. Nov. 2. at 7:80 clock. lt_|f
Stated meeting and Third degree- By* »
order of the Master.
FRANKT-N H. DAY. S^r-tary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212. F. and A. M.— Stated meeting _*%_
THIS (THI-RSPAn EVENING. atTSJT
7:39 o'clock. E. C. HARK. Sec. /v \
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— •
' Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _J%_
EVENING, .1' 7:30 o'clock. By ..T'!it ~_ JC
of tl_j W. M. '">
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
WILPEY Encampment No. 23, I. O. O.jy m
Royal purple degree and nomina- \f
tlpn of officers THIS (THURSDAY) _/\
EVENING. T. P.. MORSE. Scribe. X V
YHRBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. -aS_b«__2.
O. O. F.— lnitiation TO-NlGHT._§§£Sh§s_2_
CHA.«. WILSON. N. G. :^j3f^'
W. H. BROTT. Rec. Sec. -Saws
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Unio« Association
— Funeral detail from James Gorman to Wil-
liam Johnson will assemble at their hall
THURSDAY MORNIXG. 9:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. JOHN
SIMPSON. Fires for non-attendance will be.
strictly lnforced. By order
THOMAS BENSON. President.
AT.TTV. rAMmvT *.. Kf>c. Sep.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building: no advance charges; ail cases;
estates, mortgag-es, damages,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate-,
fees; call or writ*.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;'
DO fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 830 Market, cor. Stocktn.
X.. B. CLAKK. Emma Sprrckels building, 527
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
.ADVICE free; no charge unless succwsful. W.
W. PA ITI-TiV, 927 Market, St.. opp. Maaon.
ACCOUNT
E. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits A
■ rt.ltiFt«< accounts for corpora-lean & flrn-.n: ref.
I
BIC YCLI REPAIRS-
THOB. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth.,
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLE-.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOAHO AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 323— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50 I
week up, wltn board $5 50; suit for two with
board. $12: board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, SOT California st. occu-
pying eon orpopit? Grace Church.
-BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. £45 up; single, $20.
HILL. l2Mr— Two nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, with board; private.
O'FARRELL. 742— Larpe sunny front rooms;
good home rooking; also single rooms, $20 up,
PINE, 1222 — Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms: suit? or cinyle: rets. Miss Hutchinson.
BOARDING FOR CKIi.DKEN.
WANTED— Baby for adoption by charitable,
lonely lady from Seattle; would care for
mother In confinement. Address, In confi-
dence, box 2375, Call office.
WANTED— A child to.boani; pay not so much
an obj>»ct aa oompnny. 2719 Ilufjh st.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
• Holmf-s Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
IiOOTS A>*l> SHOES.
X«ADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special — $165
Children's shoes, all rtyles, BV_ to 11V« — 75
Men's shoes, $1 up: ,«end for price list. Peo-
ple's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
___slixo— SALOON in wholesale district; ' »tabl.
years and Ing a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work: Tent $50. Call R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market it.
X— SI7S— BRANCH bakery with furniture of 2
rooms; Polk st. Call WILKJB, 308 Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery and sta.tio_ery; Western
Addition, close to •cboolhou_e; furniture of
living rooms included; sicjuiess of owner cause
of salt-; bargain. R. G. !LKE, 906 Market
ii— s?*• SALOON, with clubroome. 1 block from
•corner Market and Powell Ms. ; rent $40;
splendid paying business; a bargain. R. G.
WILI 906 Market et.
A— s26o; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on Union St.; living room; cheap i"?nt; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; dally receipts
about $fio; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 908 Market st.
$1100— SALOON: estab. 30 jvs. ; Grant aye., nr.
Sutter: splendidly paying: large place to open
dancehall. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$7SO~ PARTNER In entirely novel enterprise:
already achieved grand snecess In city; will
prove simply a mint as regards future; whole
investment go toward enl_rgement of «"cope of
concern; ref. beat people of State; applicant
must have gen. bus. ability. M. Lees, 765 Mkt.
11000 — COFFEE, tea and crockery store: best lo-
cation in the city; cash or will trade for lot
of equal value. M. LESS, 7C5 Market Bt.
X— sl7s— SALOON, one block from Market st:
12 rooms ;■ rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth $300. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, notion*, candy; bargain this
■ day; $200. COWING & CO.. 985 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: best In city; cause I
of sale sickness. COWING & -.. 895 Market.
fiALOON: centrally located: rooms; cauee of
sale, death. COWING & CO., 905 Market st
-CIGAR store: near corner Market; cause, slck-
nesn; bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market
Tin-: best-paying business In the St_»i for. one-
th'rd its value. COW-NO & CO., 995 Market.
JIM BUYS good-paylcg branch bakery; ' $800
buys nice corner grocery; list of business
propositions, bought, sold and exchanged;
loans negotiated, EITEL, IOCS^s Market st
$2SO— SALOON: bargain: going- East cause of
sale. McLAUGHUN & CO., 777% Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; IHht Indoor business.
■ Mclaughlin a- co., 777',. Market st. I
$400— FINE corner saloon, ; block from Market
st; Belling account of old age; good stock;
good place. JONES & CO.'.' 865 Market st.
RELIABLE ' German j?lrl wishes position at
second work or housework; small family; no
children. Apply 127 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
Su years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc 1401
Powell st • .
GOOD business for out of city; cheap; call 1_
tfi 6 p. m. MR. W., 320 Hyde st.
. FOR EALE— Coffee and chop house, doing good
business. Inquire 6 Polk fit *
WELL-PAYING dairy business; centrally lo-
cated; at a baragaln; must be sold within IB
• daysr Box 2824 Call office.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. ■ Box 247. Call office.
$300— ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant, 618
Jones st ; must be sold. Apply 743 Mission.
$2000— of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing- J2OO per month; selling on
account of ether business. Address L. 8.,
box 544, .Call office. -
CAEH grocery business In Stockton; stock at
market rates; about $2500 capital required. Ad-
■ dress box 873. Call.
BLACKSMITH shop; 8 forges; business well
established and favorably known. 1008 Frank-
'■ln St.. Oakland. , - .
TO sell your business quick see SCHOTTLER
& CO.. 632 Market st. . . .-■.-..
FOR sale cheap, on account of other business —
Good paying laundry route. Box 721. Call.
CHICKEN ranch for sale. • Apply to O. J.
WILLIAMS. San Rafael.
FOR «ale— Laundry route paying well; $150 If
taken this week. Box 2814, Call. i
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$2500—1 WANT a good honest partner, with
this amount. In an established office business
handling articles of great merit and universal
demand; 1 hold the exclusive right for sale
and manufacturing of these goods In the
United States and Canada; I need help: splen-
did profits; I have $2000 worth of goods on
hand; wish to advance the business. Box
2886, Call office. ______
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established .26
years; suitable for wholesale and. retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can lie rented
Feparate: long lease if desired. GEO IV
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BLACKSMITH and wagon business for «*!«<«
to let; long established; best section of the
State. C. B. STEANE, Pleasanton.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; fine location; good
cash trade; on account of going East. Ad-
dress box 2887, Call office.
GOOD family restaurant for sale cheap; other
business cause. Address S. M. COX. Sonora,
Tuolumne County. Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale; xood reason for sell-
ing. 430 Sanaoroe St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office Tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest- corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tiicUy bis. Op<°n till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores: rockaway. 828 Harrison st
FOR sale— 2 bakery w_son«, one buggy; cheap.
549 Park aye.. East Oakland.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & BON, 2117 .Mission St.
100 RETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become difigusted with poor work
send . to SPAUUDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 303-357 Tehama st. : tel. 3. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38- Sth at.; tel. South 2:. Q.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225; lowest ratea.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OF.O. WALCQM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Et. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLHyS Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate are.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offlc» and factory. 21 Br*ar Bt.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND St IKI DUALISM.
MRS. DR. CT/ARK.
the well-known trance medtnm and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lott, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and 'future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terras. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
206 Turk st Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
Fittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m. : L.. 25c; G.. Mo. 612% Eddy.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. <• Hayes st. room 7. second floor.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night 605 McAllister st; Wo; come skeptics.
MRS. BTJRSCH, 245 Fourth st. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonab.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
Sue; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th St.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewrlter,
330 Ellis Bt. ; seance Scottish Hall, Sun, night.
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific life
and card reader. 959 Howard.cor Cth. office 23.
MRS C J MEYER. 335 McAllister; readings;
test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c; dally. 2, 8 P- m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 26c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant curd reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Et
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. Me. $l;test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages sent to any address in the
Unit'"* States, r...g'T.akl. 'nr *1 r*-r v«>ar.
~~ CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College, 1422 Folsom;
free medical and »urg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkin place, off Lar-
kin st, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
$14— FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
aye., off Sixteenth and Mission sts.; modern
Improvements.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. a BIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe _Inka»d — extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from :>oe;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 60 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. .'
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Pynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 60; platen,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills te.»th painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prlr.es; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the- low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors.' 1204 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
YAW VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee, 10 years; lowest prices; 18
operators: no students. 597 Market st.
SET of to?th without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; Ist-class
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
yean. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor, fth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
6. F. Dressmaking. __dies' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. ancpMRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
• u*e the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
Ing; life scholarship $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neerlng. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Francisco Business
College. 1236 Market st
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof, de Flllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest prof*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
* EDUCATIONAL.
i ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.,
I e«t. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
' LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
! way, Oakland;. day and night: correspondence.
! PROF. MERKI'B mandolin club resumes Nov.
■ 2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
; ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
■ day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. nth.
~ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
'■ JAPANESE Information Bureaus J«PM«»«|J_S
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post, tele-
■ phone Main 1986.
: ORPHEUM Employment Office-Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
: FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
. JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st : tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East I__1 __
SAM KEE. 513 Bush st. best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED FEMALE.
LADEBJfI lairing first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by call-
ing on, addressing or telephoning MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.; telephone Grant 120.
SUPERIOR woman desires situation as £rst-
class cook; . understands her business thor-
oughly; best local re'erences. For particular-
please call or telephone MISS CLLLEN. "6
Sinter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation to assist la
light housework. Apply MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st; phone Main 601.
GERMAN middle-aged woman; good cook and
house worker: $15 to $20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
AN elderly woman wishes light housework In
small family In city; good home and small
wages. Address .for 2 days F. BROWN,
Thirty-first aye. and Clement st
BY an Intelligent woman, a situation as nurse,
by the week or month; first-class references;
or as housekeeper with charge of Invalid. Ad-
dress box 910. Call office.
EASTERN lady, with girl 8 years old. would
like position as working housekeeper In coun-
try. Box 920, Call office.
GERMAN girl wants a place at housework.
Apply 12% Oak Grove aye., near Fifth and
Harrison sts.
WANTED— By a reliable woman, situation to
do general housework; is a good cook; good
city references. 215 Mason st.
SITUATION— By nice girl, In plain family;
general housekeeping; wages $20. Apply 312%
Fulton st.
COMPETENT woman as nurse wants situa-
tion; would assist with other work; good
references. SIS O'Farrell st.
WOMAN wants work; is a good laundress and
first-class cook. Please call at 604 Minna St.,
near Seventh.
GERMAN girl, speaks good French, wants
situation at general housework and cooking
or upstairs work. 522 Stockton et.
YOUXQ healthy lady wants situation as a wet
nurse; -state wages. Box 2970, Call office.
YOUNG German woman wishes hnus»cl»anlng
by the day. MRS. HOLT. 1738 Market st.
COMPETENT woman wants situation as work-
ing housekeeper for two or more gentlemen;
good reference. Call 1266 Union tst. MRS.
SCOTT.
SWEDISH girl wants situation in nice Ameri-
can family to do housework. Address 2854
Twenty-second st; call between 10 and 4.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 4419 Twenty-
third st. near Hoffman.
I FRENCH woman desires situation at house-
work; good cook; best references. 230 Mont-
gomery aye.
GERMAN woman would like position as work-
housekeeper or take charge of lodging house;
good references. 522 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients in her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara st., bet. Third and Fourth, Folsom and
Harrison.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.-
A RESPECTABLE Danish lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Address
A. 8., box 2937, Call.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation assisting
housework. Apply 116 Perry st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Bt.
_______________________________________________
EMPLOYMENT WANTED
MIDDLE-AGED Scotchman of temperate habits
desires employment; understands the care of
horses and cows and has had experience in
washing; wages not so much an object at
present. Box 922, Call.
YOUNG man and wife want positions on ranch;
man experienced In poultry, dairy, orchard
and general farm work; handy with tools;
wife good cook. Address W. box 2819, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man with good
moral habits as clerk In men's furnishing de-
partment; best of reoommendatlons furnished.
J. E. L., 745 Laguna st.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation In private place; can milk; handy
•with tools; best of references. Address P.
LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED— By elderly man and wife, situation*
In country; man to do chores, wife plain
cooking and general work. Box 909, Call. ■
SITUATION Horseshoer and jobber;
city or country; references If required. Ad-
dress box 912. Call.
WORK wanted by an honest, reliable married
man; willing to do anything; good references.
Box 918. Call.
' • -CLASS Chinese, cook In private family;
I goud reference; wages $35. Call 917 Stockton
Bt.. room-— '
CHINESE cooks and ■ laundrymen, first-class,
wish situations. Address HUIE JUNG, 1117%
Stockton st
MINER wishes work of some kind; is sober
and willing to work. Address Box 915, Call.
WANTED— Position as head gardener by a
Scotchman, 26 years; first-class experience;
II years in the States; reference first-class.
Address box 2SIS, Call office.
YOUNG man just arrived from Germany, who
has been for four years in the shipping com-
mission business, would like situation. In-
quire 442% Jessie et.
ENGINEER with first-class license would like
a situation; can do all kinds of engine and
boiler work. Address box 2994, Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook In private family;
good reference; wages $35. Call 915 Stockton
St., room 1.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches, Al references, desires
situation as such. Ad. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
YOUNG Japanese boy, who speaks good Eng-
lish, wants situation as schoolboy; wages no
object. HARRY. 2 Eureka pi., off Larkln.
JAPANESE wants situation; wishes to attend
school; wages no object. KATO, 533 ' Sixteenth
St., Oakland.
MAN 25 years of age would like Inside work;
• does not use liquor or tobacco. Box 2820. Call.
i BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Bat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
pondent with many years' . experience In
wholesale business wishes position; excellent
city refs. Address Ledger, box 2817. Call.
' RELIABLE man wants situation in general
merchandise or grocery store; will work cheap
to learn the business; good driver; references
Address I. M. E.. 727 Bush st.
. GARDENER ! (German), competent, reliable,
handy and useful, wishes situation In private
family, city or country; understands the care
of horses, cows, . chickens; references. Box
, 233 C. Call. . '
. BARBER wants work evenings. Saturday 4 p.
m.; good workman; permanent. Address box
2935. Call office.
! SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, '.poultry and vegetable raising; references.
I Address box 3977. Call office.
■ RELIABLE man wants position, as coachman,
i man about place, or would take charge of
i private place or stock ranch; experienced and
competent; good references. Address G. W.,
727 Bush st. ,
: SITUATION desired by young man at any In-
door work: would work for private family; no
previous experience, but would expect small
wages at first. Box 2968, Call.
. S JAPANESE schoolboys . want work, one to
1 wait at table and two to work around kitchen
: Address M. HOUTA. 519 Jessie st. . :
JAPANESE, young honest boy. wants position
1 at housework and waiting. T. SHIGEDOMI,
box 932, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION by electrician and engineer: 5
years' experience on dynamos and motors; last
6 years on construction work as electric light
wiring nnd electric heating, call bells, gas
lighting fixture hanging and general repair
work: 5 years In one shop. Ad. box 2855, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions , has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. '
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853. Call.
BARBER of long experience can be had even-
lngß, Sat, and Bun. Address EL. 186 Perry st.
SITUATION wanted by a good house painter.
FRED BROWN, 777% Market St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions. has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071 H Market St., San Francisco: exam. fre«.
FLATS TO LET.
I BAY-WINDOW. 3-room basement; yard. 19
Hampton place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third. : .
CLAYTON. 872, . south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms. and bath; reasonable.
FLA T- hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FOUR rooms and bath; marine view; $18. 24
Reed St.; key at 1325 Washington st.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— Two nice flats of
3 and 4 rooms each on sunny side of street;
rent $9 and $10 each; water and cellar free.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat, 1 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NINETEENTH, 4066, east of" Castro— Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
NE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely
sunny upper modern 6-room flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
BUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Callfor-
nia St., near Hyde.
$17 60— UPPER flat of six rooms and porcelain
bath. 541 Castro st. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for « per year.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat of 2 or 3 rooms for
housekeeping; good location; near Golden
Gate Park; piano, bath and closets; all pri-
vate; reasonable rent. Address 368 Clemen-
tlna st. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c:
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.laid and lined,
EOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $45 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— S3OOO carpets.furniture.etc.: highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllven-teln.ll2l Market
FURKIKBS, Fi:j{*. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS
YOUR opportunity— Earn commissions and gold
premiums; agents wanted; introduce to your
friends and others the new monthly Journal.
The American Landlord; of Interest to prop-
erty owners and of vital concern especially to
landlords and real estate agents; subscription
$1 per year; write Immediately for particulars.
American Landlord Publishing Co., Park Row
building. New York; or, 800 Warren, Boston.
REPRESENTATIVE Masons to solicit sub-
scriptions for the American Tyler, only Ma-
Bonlo Journal of general circulation In the
U. S. Address with references, box 603, De-
troit, Mich. '
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fleids in the Philippines; 4f,x64 inches In (
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. EL
LAMAR. 21 'Firat St.. San Francisco.
SOLICITORS at once; salary and commission.
Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1484 Market st.,
2 to B. ■ I
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
, after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bldg.
~~ HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 German cooks. $35; 4 cooks, plain
wash, German style. $30: 26 neat girls, general
housework. $20 and $25. city and country;
laundress, hotel, $2."; cook, country boarding-
house $25; cook and second girl, same house,
country; cook, plain wash, across the bay,
$30- 2 waitresses, city. $20; two waitresses,
country hotel, $20; 4 nurse and second girls,
$20 and $25; lroner, country. $25; chamber-
maid, hotel, $20, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT - CO., 316 Butter at.
1 WOMAN for chamberwork and waiting, to go
north $20; waitresses, Woodland, $20; Fresno,
$25; Gait, $20; Calistoga, $20: 2 laundresses,
$20; chambermaid to wait, city, $20; 6 restau-
rant waitresses, $6 week; 2 waitresses, hotel,
$"0 city; 20 choice places for German and
Swedish girls. $20. $25. C. R. HAIs'SEN &
CO., 104 Geary St. ,
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, $25; cook and
second girl, same house, $25 and $20; two sec-
ond girls, $25 and $20; two nursegirls, $20 and
$16; boarding-house cook. $30; two cooks, $30
and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK girl, Monterey County, $20; Pre-
Bidio, $25; Oakland, $25; Hay wards, $25; San
Joie. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
OPERATORS on tailor skirts; must be thor-
oughly experienced: electric power: good ven-
tilated factory to work. HOFFMAN. 131 Post.
WANTED— girl to do general house-
work: need not cook; wages $20. Call at IS3I
Eddy «t .
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladies' fine suits.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10. 2018 Baker et.
GIRL for housework; no. cooking; sleep homo.
812 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and care.
for child. 1027 Mission st. . '
WOMEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
■ 86% Fremont St.; tak« elevator.
GIRL, 14 to 15 years, to help In lunchroom. 712
Mission st. __^
GIRL to assist, housework and plain cooking;
call after 10; wages $12. 2126 Bush st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. Apply for 8
days at 116 Stockton st.
NICE, experienced girl -for candy store. Box
919, Call. .
WANTED— good waist hand. Apply at 609
Taylor st. . .
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; small
family; no washing; wages $6 to $8. 2112 Green.
GIRL to take care child over 2& years; refer-
ence. 830 Ellis at.
FIRST-CLASS waist finisher at 1819 Clay st.
WAITRESS wanted; $6 week. 631 Clay st.
FUR machine operators. s J. N. LOFSTAD, 14
' Kearny st. >
EXPERIENCED finisher ladies' tailoring; good
pay; steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 50.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; good
home. 801 Hayes st.
WANTED— A girl for chamberwork. 869 Mis-
sion st. ,
GIRL for general housework. 3448 Twentieth
Et., cor. Capp. , ■ : jt ,; ,
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
light housework. 313 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL or woman to assist light housework. 331
Bay st, near Mason.
GIRL wanted for small family; general house-
work; no washing.- 1836 Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY neat girl to assist with general
-housework; wages $10 to $12. 1711 Baker st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL for housework; • plain cooking; 3 In
family; $15 month. Call In morning IS26A
Sutter Bt ..--.••
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers wanted at S. N.
WOOD & CO. r S. cor. Powell arid Eddy sts.
WANTED— A girl to assist In light housework;
small family; $12. Apply 1510 Vallejo St.
GERMAN girl; general housework and cooking.
Call 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— for cooking and downstairs
work. 836 Union st.. cor. Taylor. -.- ■_:.-.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
■ hands need apply at 1200 Geary St., from 7:30
■P. m.' -: .;■ - ■• ' ■■■.: • . .- .
WANTED— ladies who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones at.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.. J
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
TO «V; ' «OLD MINES YOU
"ILL s SILVER MINES WILL
SUIT 19 OTHER MINES SUIT
JZ laborers (no experience required). $67 per
month, including board and lodgings
22 laborers, fare $1 50. ..y0u don't $<W
18 laborers, fare $3 SO. ...want any. ...539 & fd.
11 laborers, fare $2 SO.... experience $52 30
24 laborers, fare $1 90 at mines.... $40 _ Id.
steady jobs MURRAY _ READY.
_year_ round 634 and 636 Clay. at.
ff EPAY 27 SAWMILLS EXPERIENCE
YOUR FARES.. 76 WOOD CAMPS. ...NOT
TO-DAY 29 TIE CAMPS REQUIRED
v\ anted— 7G9 men for above places, laborers,
etc "
..$2B to $40 per month and found, you will suit
Woodehoppers, tiemakers
• ••- plcketmakers. mill and woods men
...Crosscut sawyers, bark peelere, etc.
$76, $65, $60. $45. $40, $30. $30 and found; $2 50,
$2, $1 60, $1 cord; 9c, 10c. lie and 12c each.
MURRAY _ READY,
Call early 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS— DAIRIES.... also MEN AND WIVES
64 farmhands $30. $26, $25, $20 and found
For orchards, vineyards, farms, etc
16 choremen and boys for farms
$25. $20, $15 and found
2 milkers and wives, 2 farmers and wives.
working foreman, single $40 and fd
boys to drive butcber wagons, learn trades,
bakery work, around and in Institutions, etc..
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES ..GOOD PLACES.
7 laborers. Northern California $63
12 4-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
. 18 teamsters fare 50c, $2 and $2 25 day.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-536 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE .... RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TTIAMSTERS, $2 DAY.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 I'LAY ST.
CARPENTERS MECHANICAL HELP
22 carpenters, 9 months' Job, north $3 day
6 carpenters, fare paid. Sawmill Co
$40 to $C 0 and fd
harnessmaker $30 and fd
tinners, wheelwrights good Jobs and wages
upholsterer. $2 60 day...blockmakers, $2 50 day
stonemasons, $3 50 day iron molders. $3 day
slate splitters, $2 50 day can solderers, boss
here
granite cutters, $3 day E0 other positions
CAREFULLY MURRAY _ READY,
READ THESE 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DeFt LAUNDRY BAKERY
cook and second cook, country hotel, fare
paid $86
second cook and night cook, camp
$35 and $30 and fd
29 cooks $55, $50, $40, $35, $30, $25 and fd
ranch cook, 15 men $30 and fd
6 laundrymen, 1 marker $30 and fd
12 waiters $30, $23, $20 and fd
19 dishwashers. $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
3 porters, 2 cooks and wives, 2 pantrymen,
bakers, confectioners, helpers, etc., $70, $60,
$.'.O, $40, $35, $30, $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, country hotel, $."0: German cook, coun-
try hotel, $45; third cook, country hotel, $30;
fry cook. $50: second cook, $35; restaurant
butcher, $35; baker's helper on cakes, $32 50;
baker's helper, hotel, $20; dishwashers and
pqtwashers, $20 to $30; porter, hotel, $25;
K— rdener and porter, country hotel, $25. C.
R. HAXPEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
4 COLORED waiters, country hotel, north,
$27 60 and fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary St.
LABORERS and teamsters for the Valley
R. R., $2 a day, free fare; stonemasons for
railroad work, $3 M) a day, free fare: laborers
for the S. P. Co. at Madera. $1 76 a day;
woodsmen, $26 to $35, fare advanced; 6 farm-
ers, $26 and board; gardener and»flori*t. $30
to $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED- Driver for milk route in city, first-
class place, at $35 and found, city experience
and reference required; 4 ranch teamsters and
gang plower, long Jobs. $26 and board; 6 la-
borers about mine, $26 and board; farm hands
find milkers, different places; 4 cooks, $35 and
$40, for small hotels and restaurants; waiter,
country hotel, $25; plain waiter for Institu-
tion, $15 and found and washing. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— American clothing salesman, $10 j
nrwi increase; man and wife for chicken
ranch. $45; farmer and wife for Sonoma. $36;
I pardener and wife, $40: farmers, $1 a day and
board ; laborers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2S men handy with drill for quarry
■work, $2 50 a day, long Job, see boss here at
our office; six miners. $2 60 a day. J. F.
CROSETT „ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
N( i\V open — Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with flr^t-olass help. 1205 Market St.. near
Eighth; telephone South 51. Wm. Heberecht.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only leg-
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. H€c. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
i furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m; In con-
I nection fine attting-room for unemployed bar-
bers; telephone South 61. WM. HABE-
RECHT, manager, 1205 Market, cor, of Bth.
WANTED— Thorough bookkeeper, age not over
30, out of employment, competent to correct
a trial balance; must be clearheaded and not
afraid of work; address, stating positions held
and nature of work performed. ADDIy box
821. Call.
WANTED— CIerk for grocery and liquor store
in country; only experienced, reliable help
with good references will b« considered; ap-
plicants must state age, experience, whether
married or single. Box 916, Call office.
WANTBD— Man and wife, middle-aged, Pro-
testant, reliable; man experienced In orchard
and vineyard: woman good housekee-per;
wages $35; references. N. ANDERSON, Jack-
son-st. pier.
! STEADY man to take orders and assist In
light commission business; must be satisfied
with $15 to $13 per week and have small capl-
tnl. 1032 Market St., room 4.
! MEN who worked last year on press election
returns apply this (Thursday) afternoon at 1
o'clock, room. 9, Registrar's office. New City
Hall.
I ______ — _____________________________
! LADY or gentleman to solicit orders In the
city; liberal compensation. Address G. L.,
box 911. Call office.
WANTED — Boy, 14 3-ears old, general work In
candy store; well recommended. 812 Valen-
cia Et.
WANTED — Good restaurant butcher; also good
third cook. WESTERFELD'S bakery, 1035
Market st.
WANTED— Temporarily, for week or 10 days,
man quick and reliable at figures; bookkeeper
preferred. Age and reference to Box 2590, Call.
COATMAKER for the country- Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— At once, good coatmakers. SMILEY
& CO.. 104 Butter st.
COATMAKER for country; steady work. P~.
GREENBERG & CO.. room 29. Flood bldg.
OYSTER man who understands oyster house
work; good wages. 126 Third st.
LUNCH waiter. NE. corner Main and How-
ard sts.
YOUNG man as lunch waiter. 136 Second st.
BOY 17 or 18, living with parents, to attend
cigar store. Apply at 434% Third st.
WANTED— First-class sign painter. 785 Fol-
som st.; call early.
BARBER partner for S-chair shop or sell
cheap; cause sickness; make offer. 796 Folsom.
WANTED— Good waiter. Call early at
HBALY'S restaurant. 1119 Market st.
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon;
German preferred. 816 Treat aye.
BARBER wanted. 222 Montgomery aye.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 791 Mis-
sion st. ; weekly wages.
ELDERLY man for light work. MRS. TAN-
NER. 809 Third St., rear.
DISHWASHER wanted at once; $4 week.
LIPSCHITZ'S Restaurant, 413 Pine at.
WANTED— A night cook at 221 Grant aye.
I GRINDER who Is good on barbers' razora and
shears; good wages. 74 Third st.
YOUNG man to work In bakery shop; one with
experience preferred. Call 142 Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher for restaurant;
j call early. 406 McAllister st.
WANTED— A good waiter at 111 Taylor st,;
come ready to work.
GOOD solicitor for Installment-payment tailor
business; wages or percentage. Box 2891, Call.
LUNCH waiter for restaurant. 331 Bay st
WANTED— Third cook at 907 Kearny st. ; call
at 7.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Rer.o House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— WeII-appearing unemployed men to
call at room 81, 916 Market St.; good wages.
CABINETMAKERS wanted! Apply L. & K.
HMANUEL, 432 Fourth St.
BOOKKEEPER who understands stenography.
Address box 2900. Call.
WHEELWRIGHT, useil to machinery. 600
Golden Gate aye.; O'BRIEN & SONS.
BARKERS— Two-chatr 10c shop for sale- ac-
count sickness. 427 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class waiter at Manhattan
House. 825 Battery st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or supper; beat In dty. 406 McAllister
Bt., near Polk.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Foreman for saddle factory; must
be sober, competent man, understanding
stamped work; send references and salary
wanted; steady position to right party. Ad-
dress PATRICK, MASTICK & CO., Portland,
Or. ' ■,
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology: ' Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6.75 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neyE, Hearst bldg.. Third and' Market.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Ski rtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st. ~
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN 2C Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a nlcht: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trad*
In 6 weeks: expert instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Subscriptions has been established at 1008 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses direct
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable,
1517 Mission St., Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1825 Market st., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
2 HORSES and .harness and two almost new
top wagons. Livery Stable. 729 Valencia st.
CHEAP— Good road horse; any lady can drive
him; well bred. Address 605 Mission st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ■ - - '
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER,
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE STH.
21-room house; $300 cash $700
26 room ; clears $100 650
18 rooms; clears $30; rent $35 600
24 rooms; on Third St.; clears $100 S.'.O
9 rooms; on Mission st 300
45 rooms; corner: clears $200 1200
56 rooms (transient); clears $200... 1600
48 rooms: on Market st.; rent $75 1300
60-room hotel and bar 6000
115 rooms; best in the city 5000
40-room boarding-house 3200
60 others. 5 to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
The Following at Our Office Only:
$850— ROOMS: 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
$500—11 ROOMS: near Post; cheap rent: fine
house; clears $30. KREDO & CO., 22%, Geary.
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
; good location; plears $75. KREDO & CO.
$325— "24 ROOMS, all rented; good location; near
Market St.; rent $40. BASILS, 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer daily.
NEW 6-room — Greenwich st., near Bu-
chanan; Fillmore or Unlon-st. cars; easy
rental terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st.
FOR sale cheap— Lodging house; 22 rooms; rent
$50. 1021 Valencia st.
LODGING house for sale; $450: on account of
departure; 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all
rented; rent $50. Apply at the place, 533
Broadway, city.
GRANT aye., 209—19 large rooms suitable for
first-class lodging house or will rent in floors
as factory. Apply on premises, 10 to 12 a. m.
STEVENSON, 772, off Ninth— Nicely furnished
7- room flat and bath; nearly new and com-
plete for comfortable home.
SO-ROOM lodging house In Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS, 126 Ellis St.
$450— Philadelphia House, 421 Bush st; 48 rooms;
fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
FOR pale or exchange— House of 18 rooms for
large house. Inquire Call Office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LANDLORDS and real estate agents— Read the
American Landlord, the new monthly journal
of information, of vital concern to you; write
for sample copy; subscription $1 year. Amer-
ican Landlord Publishing Co., Park Row
building. New York; or, 300 Warren, Boston.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms: grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont et.. near Harrison.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE to let— rooms, bath, large yard. 384
Eureka St., nr. Twenty-first; rent $15 a month.
VERY nice 5-room house for $8. 1567 Kearny
at., near Greenwich.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST or strayed— A fox terrier dog, white and
brown spots: llcertse 2436; answers to name
Muggins; reward. Return to WM. COLLINS,
1206 Kearny st.
LOST— A black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
eye almost entirely black. Return to 928
Haight st. and receive reward.
LOST— October 26, gold locket, initials A. 8.,
containing 2 photos. Reward at 2757 Twenty-
fourth st.
LOST or stolen— From premises, 529 Fourth st., '
Friday evening, October 27, 1899, black and
white greyhound; suitable reward given.
LOST— Diary, Tuesday morning, on Front Bt.,
Market or Geary cars. Please return 1933
Geary St.: valuable to owner only; reward.
-_—-—___ - _
MEDICAL.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER
phone Pine 2781: res. 1312 Golden Gate aye!
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post st, between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7to 8. •
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
. ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
HOME in confinement: treatment $5; connulta-
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist. 1023% Market st.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones. ' .
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all .dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ VVOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019*1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on - Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE, 220 Fremont.
A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. -244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
eists, or Dog Hospital, 510 3olden Gate aye.
' MISCELLANEOUS— SALE.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and.
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood P lane rs. 12 and
24 in.: gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HlGllEST"price"paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHAS. LE^VIb. 611
Union st. "
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long jod. _. a.
STONE. Elmhurst. ___________
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Lanflpcker & Co.. 11 Mnnt~ >m tv
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if yoa
owe a balance on the purchase price ~e will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
■ire: avoid red tap* and publicity; see us flr»t;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-89 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANT proposition; ,-.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance: chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; tryallothers. then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages: estates in probate, undivided interests In
estates", legacies and mortgages " ught: advice
and money furnishrd. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds anil Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st. ■
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 2G Montgomery st.
WANTED— line life insurance policies;
highest cash price paid. A. T. KELLIHER,
Raymond House, Oakland, Cal.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgx. ;
I any proposition. DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery.
' ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
! commission; private. LICK. 115 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market Ft.
-——---«————————- ——■—■————————■ __-—---————-——-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
So per month. SHERMAN." CLAY _ CO..
Bteinway. dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done, to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A CARLOAD of new style Decker Pianos Just
received; they are beauties; call and see
them. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
IF you want bargains go to MAUVAIS', 769
Market st. : the* have lots of them.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
FINE STEINWAY upright, left by private
party— sacrificed. Room 12, Flood building.
Fourth and Market Bts.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
i W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZT.
308 Post Et.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. Keeffe's,
1910 Van Ness aye.
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO., 560 Hayes st. •
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 1*
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. ? Latham nlace.
OFFICES AND STORES LEt7~
FOR RENT— A double store; one suitable for
restaurant: the .other for barber shop and
cigar stand; opposite where new union depot
will be built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and
Townsend sts.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, sunny offices. $12 50 to $20 per month.
_________
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. $1.
________
personals!
LESLIiTc.^ HU^S^wlirflnTTr^reatly to his
interest to write to E. W. MORANCT ad-
ministrator of F. K. HURST, deceased, Ver-
sailles, Kentucky, or to ANDREW THORNE
Mills bldg.. San Francisco, Cal. Any one
knowing him to be alive since ISS9, or know-
ing him to be dead, kindly notify the above.
M. CUNNINGHAM. G. A. R. veteran. Address
Vermonter, box 2996, Call ofice.
DON'T fail to attend MME. FISHER'S lec-
ture on the complexion this aft. 19 Powell.
ONLY store that buys old gold, Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third st. send postal.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS— A harmless, home cure. For
particulars address P., P. O. box 483, San
Jose, Cal.; confidence respected.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca not only cleanses the
scalp, but beautifies the hair, gives a fine
gloss. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
GO to LEDERER and have your hair dressed
a la mode for only 25c; Lederer restores jray
hair to its natural color with Sch»Rler's '"'ol-
orine. 75c box. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market St.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreiea
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 100 rooms-
-25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and Inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
S V J,^ct° order *on easy Installments. L 7
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work In all branches;
examinations free. 719 Market St., rms. 2 & 3.
LABORERS, rare opportunity— recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson : can
furnish reliable Information, etc Address
box 271. Call.
pA , I tI TIKQ and P a Per hanging; rooms papered,
■$2 dO up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
THE Ideal Hair Co., halrdressing and mani-
curing. 22 Kearny St., first floor.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verita
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
F^g Es ET^N 3 < iE^i d8 72na i %t made ' T;
M , IjLE V < i L -^ mE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny at., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 -Mission-Cancer cure 8
days; no knife, no caustics: references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ). 706 Ellis st.
HIRSUTIXE CO hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A^ £ L S. IN buy 3 clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; eend for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought.
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont at., nr. Cal
INCRUSTATION-New invention for china dec!
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 SanßomV uCPERSONALS.
LACK MAN * CO.. mfrs. of fins furs and seal
garmentsi; aiso remodeling. 104 Keftrny at.
Ii" you wish full valua for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call en B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RtTPTURE. sti!cti:re cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guaruntd. r>r. Oordln. 514 lMne.ab.Krny.
WANTED— Old raid for manufli'nc. O. Nolte,
.lender. IMS O'Furrell. b«t. '■'■■■■>!1 X- Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FrNtTST and f;::ie«t stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue tree. <"*?■!■ Camera Co.. •-:' '.;-?;\ry st.
PHYSICIANSfANp SURGEONS.
I>r. C C. O'DONNELL; office and residence,
H)n Market t-t.. b'-t. I 'v:;i h'.kl Seventh.
PROPERTY WAKTEU,
WANTED- <"lty real estate for cash. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.*. 687 Market st
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOB SALE.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO. for good bargains.
1116,000— New . Idimr; rents $10,000 yearly.
«.. ooo— Grand tment; recta $402.
$30,000— Stores and Oats; rents $300.
tlJTO— Three Hats on lot !2x5C feet; near Pow-
cil st : rents $!S: ail rented: foreclosure.
$U,OOO--Three rail new flats; rents $115.
iII.OOO-^-Geary £'.". near Mason; ■store and
lodging house.
$14.500— 5 ekßjuJt new flats, near Mason st :
rented for tui: an estate; must sell.
$11.600— Store and flats: lot 50-foot front; half
Mo.'k rrcm Taylor and Marlcet; rent? $100'
81S.00O— First 5t.; S7-foot front; fronts; near
Mles'.-h st.
$10,500— New flats: very fin»; rents i:<r..
$»500— Mason Et-; corner; with v flats; renting
low fr,r S<o.
17200— Transfer corner; store and j 2 flats:
mortgage SO2OO.
$7500— Three new flays; rents about $SD: near
Powell nnd Bosh fts.
JSOOC— Post -■. . 3 Hats: rents $CO.
$5000— California st. S flats; rents $45.
S4TS0 — Turk St.; 2 flp.ts and stable; n?duce<l
from $5500; large lot.
$4500— i nice flats; near Sixth St.; rents $45.
$2>X— Flats; rents $20.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S 667
Market st.
BOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKKR BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $K>o— iset Heights lota from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build
en; $25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
' flay and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Rich— or.d lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to Ocean Boulevard lots. IS monthly.
$100 to $250— Mission St. and Ocean View lots. !
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AMD DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ & HROTHKR,
ROOM A. CROCKER BmLDDia.
NEW CORNER FLATS
S-JSOO; RENT $540 A YEAR
IICOO CASH. BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
st*"o FOR new hriuse of S rooms and let 50x100,
in <">ak!nni: terms $200 cash, balance $3 per
month; lot and house ecst $i:c<). Inquire WM.
HKNPRICKSON & O~>.. 614 Call building.
*i».C«"'"i — Business property and lodging, ■with flats
fr store?: good incomw. Owner, box 2575. Call.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. OUNN'. 410 itgoraery st-
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co.. fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane, 410 Montgy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets- Open until 9 p. m.
JL— FOUR beautiful large rooms, with nice wide
hall: bathroom: completely furnished for
liousekt'e^ing; Kas: hot and cold water; use of
laundry: telt-phnne; new houeo; small private
family: re:it reasonable. 4231 Twentieth si.,
bet. Castro and CollingwooJ; no children.
CLAY. 242 L in rear, near Fillmore — 2 unfur- ,
nisht-d upper ruoms; water: rent $7.
EDDY, 915— Unfurnished ennny rooms; newly
papered; kjtcht-n; private residence; adults.
FIFTH, S.'.S— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. Sl3: also single. $5 to $7.
FIRST. 2S— Three front furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; 110 a month.
FOLSOM, 1136 — 3 . -.:.; rooms; complete for
housekeeping.
FULTON, 121 Vi — 2 sunny front furnished rooms;
ranpe; water; large yard; rent JS.
FULTON, 21S. cor. Van Ness aye.— Kitchen,
bedroom and yard; hot and cold water; also
"tb<r moms.
GOLDEN GAT?: aye.. 730— Pleasant sunny i
room; privilege of kitchen; $7.
LARKIN, 32'i— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ment s; $I*> to $23 per month; central.
MARTHA PLACE, 2-2 well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; yard.
OAK, lWr-Sunny front room furnished for
light hkpt;: J5; also back room, same. $3 50.
O'FARRELL; 20S— Three well-furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single rooms.
SEVENTH IW-One large unfurnished room;
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
ETOCKTON. 503— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH. 13? — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
yard; also front room; 2 gents.
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping; flO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va- •
lencia st.
ROOMS TO — Porn. and I mum.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building- "San
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNaWICK HOUBI3, 148 Sixth— Rooms
250 to $1 per niKht; V 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sta.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooma 50c to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KING,
BIRCH aye., 25— Neatly furnished front room;
bath; very reasonable.
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. I»64)— Fur-
nished rms., BUltea, single; also unfurnished.
CARKOLTON, 3206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLLFI ORE», 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United State Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
].. i. 210— Two furnished parlors to let
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice tunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also hounekpg.
FULTON, 431— A aingle front room for a gentle-
ii. an.
GEARY. 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
GEARY. 2S4— Two Bunny front rooms for man
and wife or 2 gentlemen.
GEARY, 4<is r'fhe Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers ec-ommodated. MRS. HYEH.
UK AN S"Oi:THEßN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission ats.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle ladies' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $<> per week.
HAWTHORNE, ISO— Sinsla front room for gen-
tleman; 5» P*r month.
HOWARD, Tl." — 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 2628— A sunny front room (private
family); nice locality; bath; reasonable; ref-
erences exehatiijed.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
£6c to EOc per night: |] 50 to V. per week.
JOVES 41&— Sunny, newly furnished front and
>ack rooms; $12, $15. ?20; nts preferred.
McALLISTER. 702%^8unny furnished or un-
furnished rooms: suite or single; private fam.
MIVNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room. $2 per week; transient.
KATOMA, 62 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month.
OA~K 11C— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window room, bath, gas; also single bedroom.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk..mo.
PINE, 510— Extra large alcove front room.
ROTAL "Boom, 126 Ellis »t. — Incandescent
1 lUrht reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
narlor: rooms, per night. 85c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S- month. Is to * 33 : elevator on office floor;
re. ,Ms with hot, cold water; baths.
BEVENTH 2SoA— One large front room, with
closet; nice new furniture; n«w house; rent
ROOMS TO LET — ani! Cnfsrs.
SIU:KMAN~ApRitmenT House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Light furnished rooms; $1 25 per
week; call after 6. —
SIXTH. 10S— FurntFhcd front rooms; also oth-
era: rent reasonable. '.".:.>"■
BUTTER, 705 Office of (ate Dr. Robertson;
other sunny furnished rooms.
THE Oaks 111 Third— A good rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor,
A BRANCH offtca for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest- corner of Twenty-second and i.en-
tucky stn. Open till 9 p. >«.
ROOMS WASTED.
ROOir^nnted~Mn~ exchange will glv» piano
lessons. Box 914, Call office.
BBWIWO MACHINES AMP SUPPLIES.
MONTHLT, rented repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 S'.xth: phor.e Mint 4a.
ALL kinds tcught. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rati-s. V'> Fourth at.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMTTaiiered""" fromT»?2 whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
B\D tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
cilv or country, PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO I]' Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: t-l. 552?.
STOCKS AXD BONDS S".OJHL SALE.
sI:G\R Ftock; fully paid up; no assessments;
rays 20 per cent annual dividends; safe, re-
lViH.' investment; particulars at office. ED-
WIN W. WOODWARD & CO., 11 Montgom-
ery st ——————— — — — ,
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
i CALA Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; ■■■;. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage »nd Moving Co.
Office. 431 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
BTOTtSI to lease.: Mission st, bet. First and
Second ; lot 36x100. .'. TOMKINS. 57 Minna.
WATCH REPAIRING^
WATCHES cleaned 7»c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry nnd Optical Co.. 540 Kearny. "
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JISOO— LOT 60x150, with large cottage of «
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank. etc.
— Lot 4CxlL'; fine 2-story house S rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth nooa
. $2800— Lot 40x150. on Morton «t.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton st. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 143? Park st
GREATEST bargains ever offered In Alameda;
houses to rent in all parts of Alameda. B.
D. jrrvr) & CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMi:OA ROOMS AM) HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FT'NKK. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange for San Francisco property-
House of 7 rooms; lot ISGxI2S: within two
blocks of railroad and half block from electric
cars: price $4060. Apply J. J. MASON, ad-
joining Postoffice, Berkeley.
YOU sonld see those new houses Just being tin-
ished In the Ilillegass Tract: with all modern
improvements; within 5 minutes* walk from
! the university, and only 4 blocks from Dwight
way station; lots 50x190; for sale either for
cash or easy terms. JOS. J. MASON, adjoin-
ing Postoffice. Berkeley.
SOUTH BERKELEY property, near station:
house of 7 noon a, easily adapted for two
families; bath, plenty water, windmill, stable,
etc; decided bargain. To see owner apply to
C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.
. A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing;
; the proposed extension of the university
' grounds, can be had by sending a2c stamp ta
! JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. P.. Bejkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
For sale— Building lot. near Telegraph aye..
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
; Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A— s7s CASH, $7 50 monthly: 118x515 feet; grove
of trt-es; 300 feet new 6-foot high board fenc-
ing; fronting on 3 streets; single dwelling;
ju.«t the thing for a bachelor: site, climate
and soil none better; plenty of good water;
near electric cars: 30-foot wide boulevard;
i schoolhouse; price $600 In all; Allendale Tract,
Adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for cir-
cular 455 Seventh St., near cor. Broadway,
Oukland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES.
j Owner.
$25 CASH, balance $5 monthly; 10 lots sacri-
ficed at Lorin in Oakland: electric carp; 2
blocks local train; electric and gas lights,
city water, etc.; owner widow lady; must sell
at a sacrifice. Particulars J. W. LAY-
MANCE. 636 Market St., 2 to 4 p. m.
WEBSTER st. : I have the finest residence lot
left vacant on this street, and I will sell
It for $56 per foot; owner refused $65 a short
time ago: 50x150; Bee it. JAS. S. NAISMITH.
4?2 Ninth st.
FOR SALE— bargain; 5220; building lot near
Telegraph aye.. North Oakland. R. .1 MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.. 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 98x
130; hon=e, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sen. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND nOUSES TO I.ET.
! HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, barn; 589
| 24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1C22 Grove; rent low.
; OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
, AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer, lltlr and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice la
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
Ktate of California, and having Its office and
place ( f business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
ana that MONDAY, November IS. 1599, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Franciaeo. have been
appointed as the day. time and place for th«
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October 1899.
WM. A DEANB. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
rs»«n
PROPOSALS.
XJNTvKRt?ir CALIFORNIA **
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds.
Berkeley, Cal., and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for: and paid bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at th- office of th-". if Secretary of
the Regents of the University, in South Hall,
Berkeley, Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the tith day of November. 1889.
And notice Is hereby further given that th«
plans and ppeclflcatlons of said building* have
been made and adopted and are placed in the
office of Curlett & McCaw. architects. 314
Phelan building. Pan Franolsco, where th«
name may be seen and examined during each
day from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the tame are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid or
proposal Fhall be accepted, th* party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with said proposal, and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids la
hereby reserved.
This no' ice Is given pursuant to an act, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 23, ISBS, and an
act amendatory of section i" thereof, approved
March 28, IST?, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Itegent*. -
E. A. DENICKE, Chairman.
W A, McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. ,
_ Dated October 24, 1899. ' — ~ s^,
THE SAN FEAISfCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1899.
PROPOSALS.
> PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot,
Quartermaster's Department, 80 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, October 31,
1599. Sealed proposal? will b« received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., on Decem-
ber 1. ISBJ>, and then opened, for construction
or stone wall along southern boundary of
! military reservation. Presidio of San Fran-
| cisco, in accordance with plans and specifica-
j tions on file hero, which can be seen on ap-
plication. OSCAR F. LONG, captain and
assistant quartermaster. U. S. A., depot
quartermaster.
UNITED STATES engineer office Flood bulld-
| Inc, San Francisco, Cal.. Oct. 28, 1899. Sealed
proposals for furnishing and constructing
diverting channel for Sausal Creek, contigu-
ous to tidal canal, Oakland harbor, Cal.. will
bo received here until 12, noon, December M,
1593. Information furnished on application.
W. H. HETJER. Major. Engineers. .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Patrick J. Lannin and Kate F. N0rt0n.... 29-22
! James H. Smith and Laura A. Carey 83-27
Max B. Goldman and Pauline J. Baraseh.. 23-15
William P.. McNally and Annie O. Fiseher.2l-19
Laurence F. Nelson and Margaret F. E1y.. 22-20
Patrick Riordan and Lucy Foley 37-31
Louis Gross and Beckie Alexander 29-26
Theodore itter and Mary O'Donnell 24-21
I Edwin :-'wlriford and Katie A. Houx 44-40
! Dennis Murphy and Kitty A. Denlhan 38-21
j Leopold Green berg and Rosa Gorwlt 33-25
BIRTHS— — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
, Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
] sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GROSS-In this city, October 23, 1899, to the
wife of Max Gross, a daughter. '
' HOSMER- In this city. October 37, 1899, to the
wife of F. W. Hosmer, a son.
NOBLE— In this city. October 30, 1599, to the
wife of Harry Alonzo Noble, a daughter.
STRAIT,- In this city. October 30, 1599, to the
wife of Frank Straub, a son.
TILDEN— In Los Angeles, October 27, 1899, to
the v.ife of Baron B. Tilden, a son.
MARRIED.
HANSEN- CHRISTOFFERSEN-In this city,
October -' l . 1599, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Peter Bansen and Anna D. Christoffersen.
HANSSEN— JORGENSEN— In this city, Octo-
ber SI, 1599, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Olaf
j Jorgen Hanssen and Jennie Jeanetta Jorgen-
sen.
KELLY— BYRNE— In this city. October 28. 1599,
by the Rev. Father Otis, John W. Kelly of
San Francisco and Elizabeth B. Byrne, for-
merly of Grass Valley.
McCARTE— McMICHAEL— this city, Octo-
ber 1. 18S9, by the Rev. Father Quinn, Daniel
Mi-' 'an- and Sarah E. McMlchael.
TUCKER— In this city, October 31,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, William
B. Tucker and Sarah Elizabeth Taylor, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bachman, Julie Kron, Oscar J.
Borho, Mary Marincovich, Paul
Bowser, William W. Norton, Malichi
Creem, Bridget Page, Mrs. E. A. S.
Elklns, Adelma M. Perry, Edgar W.
Fulton, Emily J. Ramsdell, Joseph
Glllet, Arlstide Relgger. Julius
Hoffschneider, Wil- Riley, Dennis
Ham Jr. Roach. Mary
Horigan, Daniel Stohl, Charles A.
Hotchkiss, Erclll R. Sweeney, James B.
Hubash, Joneph Tobin, Thomas
Johnson. Julia Volker, John N.
Kane. Michael Williams, Henry
Kettnauer, Anton
BACHMAN— In this city, November 1. 1599, at
552 Clementina street, Julie, beloved wife of
John K. Bachman, mother of Freddie Bach-
man, daughter of Owen and Alice Rellly, and
beloved sister of Mrs. J. P. Mulereavy. Mrs.
F. Haskell, Mrs. Katie Walsh and Mamie.
James. Paul and Owen Rellly Jr., a native of
California.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BORHO— this city, November 1, 1599, Mary,
beloved wife of Charles Borho, mother of
Kittie, Millie, Anabelle and Clara Borho, and
sister of Thomas, Belle, Charles and Robert
Flanigan, Mrs. N. de Puy and Mrs. W. Sel-
del, a native of Canada, aged 84 years and 9
months.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)," at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1311 Pine street, between Hyde and
Larkin, and thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetetry.
BOWSER— In Fort Bragg, William Worth
Bowser, a native of Woodsfleld, Ohio, aged SO
I years.
IT^The funeral will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
111 .Julian avenue. Friends are Invited.
CREliM— In ~ Crockett, "Contra Costa County,
Bridget, beloved wife of John Creem, mother
of Frank and Willie Creem, sister of Patrick
Hanlon nd Mrs. Alec Greggalns, and aunt
of Mrs. J. Kenny and Maggie Finnerty, a na-
tive of Causeway, County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 42 years.
ELKINS— in this city. October 31, 1899. Adel-
ma Martha Elkins, beloved mother of Maud
and Pearl Klkins, a native of Portland, Or.,
aged 46 years 2 months and 1 day. (Port-
land, Or., papers please copy.)
JE~"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Ma-
son street, between Geary and O'Farrell.
Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery; private.
FULTON— In this city, October 31, 1899. Emily
J. Fulton, dearly beloved mother of John and
Robert Fulton and Mrs. John Irwin. a na-
tive of Gloversvllle, N. V., aged 67 years 11
months and 20 days.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S3a Guerrero street, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second.
GILLET— In this city. September 17, 1R99, Arls-
tide Gillet, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Gillet, and brother of Alfred Gillet. a na-
tive of New York, aged 15 years 6 months
and 20 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clocft, from the parlors
of J. S. Godenu. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Vi • Ires, where services will be held.
HOFFSCHNEIDER— In. this city. October 30,
13i'9, William Jr.. beloved husband of Minnie
Hoffschneider, father of Annie and Irene
Hoffschnelder, son of William and the late
Augusta Hoffschneider, brother of Annie, Ar-
thur. George and Edward Hoffschneider. and
nephew of Mrs. John H. Lem and Mrs. P. H.
Reese, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years and 4 months.
{CTFrlends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 22 Hartford street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Castro and Noe.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HORIGAN— In this city. November 1, 1J99. Dan-
- lei Horlgan, a native of Ireland, aged 54
years.
HOTCHKISS— In Alameda, November 1, 1899,
Erclll Ray Hotchklßs, beloved and only child
of Augustus and Laura Ray Hotchkiss, a
native of California, aged 8 years 11 months
and 2fi days. L -'-'•;
I HI' HASH— In this city, October 81. 1899, Jo-
seph Hubash, a native of Bohemia, Austria,
aged £4 years 9 months and 23 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
i JOHNSON— this city, November 1. 1599,
Julia, beloved wife of James E. Johnson,
mother of Albert, lola, James, William and
Joseph Johnson, daughter of Margaret and
John Holland, and sister of Daniel and John
Holland and the late Mrs. Jennie Casey, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 39 years.
r£7"Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2326 Folsom street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KANE— In Alameda. Cal., November 1, 1899,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Kane,
father of Mrs. Elizabeth Buckley, Mrs. H. W.
Theobald and Mies Mollie, F. E. and Charles.
Kane, and brother of James M. Kane, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged SB years.
(C~Notice of funeral hereafter.
KETTNAUER— In this city, November 1, 1899,
Anton Kettnauer. father of Mrs. John Eck-
ert, a native of Germany, aged 84 years.
KRON— this city, October 31. 1899, Oscar J.,
beloved husband of Bertha Yung Kron, and
son of Mrs. A. K. and the late Jacob F.
Kron of Santa Cruz, a native of California,
aged 37 years 2 months and 11 days.
(CyThe funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street. Under the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Commandery, Knights
Templar. Interment private.
MARINCOVICH —In this city, November 1,
1829, Paul Marlncovich. a native of Austria,
! aged 38 years.
I NORTON— In this city, November 1. 1899, Mali-
chi, beloved husband of the late Winifred
Norton, and father of Frank, Charles F.v Jo-
seph A. and the late Mallchl and William
Norton, a native of County Roscommon Ire-
lnnd, aged 73 years.
(E~FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraJ this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his* late resi-
dence, 824 Shot well street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery,
PAGE— In Alameda, October 81. 1899, Mrs E.
A. S. Page, sister of Mrs. C. L. Taylor of
San Francisco, a native of Maine, aged 72
years. •
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flar.nngan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
« Fifth *t.. opposlt* Lincoln ScbooU.
j Telephone Bouth 8*
PERRY— In this city, November 1. 1899, Edgar
Walpole Perry, a native of England. (Mer-
ced papers pledge copy.)
inT-Ndtlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlore of Chariea H. Jacob & Co., SIS
Mason street, between Geary and O'Farrell.
RAMSPELL— In this city, November 1, 1899, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Dmcllla Ramsdell,
a native of Plymouth, Mass.
REIGGER— In this city, November 1, 1899. Ju-
lius Relgger, beloved husband of Julia Reig-
ger, a native of Feilingen, Baden, Germany,
aged G2 years 6 months and 19 days.
RILEY— In this city. November 1, 1899, Dennis,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Riley. father
of John. Nellie, Thomas. Katie and Mary
Riley. and brother of John and Daniel Riley
and Mrs. O'Connor, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, a«ed 00 years. A meml>er of Noe
Valley Lodge No. 185. A. O. U. W.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at *:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1940 Mission street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TO officers and members of Noe Valley Lodge
No. 185. A. O. D. W— You are hereby notified
to assemble at 1940 Mission street, to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our deceased brother,
Dennis Riley. By order of
D. WARD Master Workman.
J. C. SCOTT, Recorder.
ROACH— In this city, November 1, 1809, Mary,
beloved wife of JoFeph Roach, and daughter
of Annlo WiUiams (nee Caseldy). a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 23 years and 10
months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 4 at :' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 182 West Tark street. Holly Park,
thenc« to St. John's Church (formerly St.
Mao's College), where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
poul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STOHL— In Soledad, Monterey County, October
31, ISO 9. Charles A. Stohl, beloved husband of
Olga E. Stohl. a native of Finland, aged JS
years 8 months and 19 dayp.
(CTFriondß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
P Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Lnurel Hill Cemetery.
SWEENEY In this city, October 31. 1899.
James Edward, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
Marnret Sweeney, and beloved brother of
the late George Sweeney and tne late Mrs.
Maloney. a native of San Francisco, aged 41
years.
lE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S o'clock, from hi? late resi-
dence ' 67"4 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a high mass will
be said at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vii ry Cemetery-
TOBIN— In San I^eandro, October 31. 1599.
Thomas, beloved son of Catherine and the late
John Tobln. and brother of Mrs. M. T. Lord,
a native of Lowell, Mass., aged 33 years.
(T^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
VOLKER— In this city, November 1, 1899, John
X . beloved husband of Margaret Volker. and
beloved father of Mrs. Margaret Parker. Mrs.
Nellie Breslin and Mrs. Mamie Morrish, a
native of Germany, aged 65 years and 5
months.
WILLIAMS— In this elty, October 31, 1899.
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Therese
A. Williams, and beloved father of Harry A.
and Philip A. Williams, a native of London,
England, aged 77 years 10 months and 2 days.
Friends are resneetfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 192.".
Octavia street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
CATHOLIC Ladles' Aid Society— Members are
reque.'ted to attend solemn requiem high
for deceased members to-morrow (Friday),
at 9:3(1 o'clock, at Mary's Cathedral.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A L Levlnsky. Cal C F Welhe & w. 11l
L Merle. Paris iMlsh M Hlnea, Chgt>
Mm l Merle. Paris |C C Tegethoff &w, NY
Clairesse Aguerre and Mrs H Donald, N V
maid. N V W W Bush. N V
C Edward*. NY J Jaral, Paris
J H Woodworth, Mo R H Wright, N C
Mrs M L Gay, PomonalJ Green, Japan
Mattie V Loud. <_'al fi Brown, Honolulu
c a Loud, Pomona I W Brown. USA
Mr* Loud, Pomona ;R M Cattwright, H I
W !' Loud, Pomona Paml Parker, H I
A D Levy. N V F W Holker. St Liuls
W I- Emery, Mass Mrs Holker. St Louis
Mrs Eiwry. Mass J P O'Neill. St Louis
Mrs S J de Rolins, NY H Komada. Japan
Miss M H Allen N V X Fukushima, Japan
Addipon Allen. N V Mrs C F Bmlth, Vlad-
H J Louis, N V I «vostok
Dr X M Llndberg. Cal .Y!rfi O X Smith. N V
J W O'Connor. Sydney Nathan Bentz, CIII
B Hiias, Hay wards ! Mrs Rentz, Cal
J F Schom. Memphis O P Jenkins, Stanford
F B Nathan. Term IE Woltman. N V
C Stein. <"hlcago .Walter Martin. N V
R S Hopkins. Seattle jS T Dowlney. N V
Mrs C Hopkins, Wash E L Washburn, N V
C H Hopkins & wife. C F Jones. OrOVtUe
Spokane iMrs C M Johnson, Cal
C H <.'lnpp, Boston Frankle Johnson. Cal
J E Harvey & w. 11l 'Jno B MacFarland.NY
GRAND HOTEL.
J J Donovan. Or !Mrs Dunlap, Cal
A K.'hnpr. Boca 1' I> Warren. I»n<1on
H T Patrick. Chicago tj E Farrel Manila
D I>ennison. Oaklaml E Kinehr. Siberia
A Cypreansen. Wis W Rlliman. Rlza
H R Denike, San Jose T Sabale. Pt Arthur
J Xullman, Benlcia F A Valentine. Cal
WAR Loose, Bodle M V Little, Boston
H F Martin. Seattle J H Laughlin. Cal
T 11 Stockett Jr. Wash C Overfelt & w, Cal
C H Clarke. Chicago T F Savage. Los Ang
Mrs L W Schnlchten- ;B B Rspey, Tiffin
berg, Portland E W Carson, Los Ang
D Lipman. Seattle ! G F Dowllng. N V
F W Edmonds. WBCB F J Orlop, Chicago
H W Ednmnds. Wash J H Williams & w. Cal
A V Chamberlln, Cal J J Merry. Watsonvllle
W N Ketchum, Chgo .H D Kercheval & son,
H Q Church, Chicago 1 Courtland
A Manaese, Napa jL R Dawson, Seattle
Mrs Prikert, Kans ! L G Allls. Seattle
A L Besble, Cal IE H Brown. Tacoma
Mr» C B Halvey, N V C R Calender, S L O
B J Mann. Chicago IT F Richmond, N V
\V Jacks. Monterey |H J Budd. Term
H J Bnrtln. Yreka iDr McAllister, Cal
A E Morrison, Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G A Esterbrook. Conn |C C Rails, New York
C H McCartney, Alska L L Jessup. st Louis
A S Stevens. Ohio E B Connor. Fresno
G McGee. Illinois R L George, Omaha
J D Hahn. lowa W A Mann. lowa
C W Thompson, 1, An« V L Ball, lowa
Mrs Terra. Sacramento X Mason, Los Angeles
E J Elliott. Sacto J M Walker. Sacto
0 Flankardt. L Ang IE A Mitchell. N V
W A <;iefk.-ing. lowa 'W P Armstrong, Oakdl
R Tockett, lowa |H E Deatherage. Frea
J P Carroll, Vallejo :J H Moore, Uklnh
J Pritchard. Portland 'R J Johnson. Marygvl
G May. Sun Jose IJ Trisler, Manila
J B Wallace, Stockton A W Merritt. lowa
W Davis. Sacramento W A Beck. Illinois
A H Kirk. Marysville A T S<hanno, Illinois
F T Cheetham. T'klah J T Alderson. N V
W B Brogdon. Pptalma J A Graham, N V
R S Coulter, Stockton 'W J Suttle, N V
1 A Hodge. lowa
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jame3 Alva and Jennie T. Watt (by Rolla
V. Watt and Philip S. Teller, trustees) to Pa
cific Mutual Building and Loan Association,
1791 d. 232, on E line of Devlaadero street, 86:9
N of Ridley, N 87:6 by E 118:9, trustees' deed;
$1766.
I Sarah Mtsh to Lily Schleslnger (wife of Na-
I than), lot on N line of Oak street. 150 W of
I Devlsadcro, W 6:3 by N 137:6; $10.
i Crocker Estate Company (corporation) to
Robert PleDer. lot on N line .of Frederick
street. 44:4V£ E of Shrader. E 75 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Sarah Marks to Philip Marks,
lot on B line of Fair Oaks street. 244 S of
Twenty-first. S 32 by E 117:6; $10.
i Angellque Slmonnet (wife of A.) to Fanny
Faure, lot on E line of Douglass street, 173
Nof Eighteenth. E 125 by N 25; $10. '
Solomon and Sarah Marks to Philip Marks
I lot on W line of Eureka street. 149 S of Seven
teenth, W 125 by S 74; also lot on N line of
Pine street, 196:10^4 W of Pierce. W 26:634, N
137:6, E 51:6%, S 23:6, W 25, S 112; also lot on
S line of Geary street, 3C2 W of Stelner, W 22
I by 9 82:6 (Hamilton Square): $10.
1 William W. and Augusta W. West to George
H. Jacot, lot on W line of Mason street, 46 N
of Pine, N 23 by W 62:«; $10.
Friederieh L. M. Pape to Maria C. Pape. lot
en W line of Leave.nworth street.' 87:6 N of Fil
bert, Nsoby W 137 gift.
Patrick T. Flinn (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society,
• lot on S corner of Tehama and Eighth streets.
SW 122, SE 80, NF. 22. NW 37:6. NE 100, NW
42:6: also lot on S corner of Howard and
Eighth street*, SW 46 by SE 75: also lot on
NE line of Eighth street, 165 SE of Howard,
SE 30 by NE 137:6; also lot on NW line of
Everett street, 425 SW of Third, SW 30 by NW
80: J21.400. ■ T "
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Henry
E. Bothln. same four descriptions; $20,750.
Gussle F. Howe (Weeks). Charles K. Howe,
S. F. and S. F. Weeks Jr. to Elizabeth F.
Weeks (wife of Samuel F), lot on NW corner
of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) street and Pennsylvania
avenue. W 200 by N 438: $1.
A and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to A. C.
Soule, lot on E line of Lotta street. 470 8 of
Parnassus (Sullivan). S 30 by E 101, block C,
Sunset Heights: $10. ;
John and Janet Hood and Addlson E. Shaw
(by E. Schwab, commissioner) to Oermanla
Building and Loan Association, lot 27, block C,
Park Lane Tract: $2Sf<9
German Building and Loan Association to Au
gust H. Hohmann. same; $2300. ;• -
Jacob and Una Heyman to Jacob and Joseph
We!*>sbein, lot on W line of Thirteenth avenue.
200 S.of J street. S 11. SW 90:5. SE 171:10. SW
48:SM:. N 194 E 120; also lot on E line of Four
teenth avenue. 275 S of J street, E 120 by S
E0- also lots 6 and 23. Heyman's subdivisions
of blocks 9 and 17, Ploche & Robinson's sub
division; $10.
Frederick Miller to Mary L. .Miller, lot on N
line of Lobos street, 100 W of Plymouth W
50 by N 125, Railroad Homestead; $10. t
"Savings and Loan Society to Pomlnlck Shan
non, lot on W line of Dame street, 200 S of
Grove (Thirtieth), 8 25 by W 125, block 27.
Falrmount: $400.
Bridget Drlacoll to Thomas Magee. lot on
SW corner of. Mission street and Richland ave
nue S 25 by W 100.- lot IS, block B. French &
Giluian Tract; ?1525. - --'<..
DISCHARGED AND
SICK MEN HOME
OK THE PUEBLA
One Hundred Sent to
the Hospital.
The transport City of Puebla arrived
from Manila yesterday, completing the
fastest round trip on record. She left
here about two months ago, and during
the run to the Philippines and back she j
was stopped only once at sea, and then !
only for four minutes to key up some of .
the bolts. During the voyage the Puebla !
I rode out two typhoons and had a heavy j
head sea to contend with all the way i
from Nagasaki to San Francisco. Cap
tain Thomas brought his ship into port
in splendid shape and a stranger looking
her over would never think she was a
troop ship.
The Puebla brought from Manila eight
cabin passengers, 105 invalids, 15 of the
hospital corps and 79 discharged soldiers.
The cabin passengers were Major C. B.
Hinton, Second Lieutenant W. S. Brown,
acting quartermaster; Major H. J. Ray
mond, surgeon; First Lieutenant F. C.
Weaver, acting assistant surgeon; M. Jo
sephson, commissary clerk; Henry Page
and Miss Mona Bowman and Mrs. K. Be
dell, nurses.
There were seven deaths on the trans
port during the voyage from Manila. Pri
vate E. A. McKinney, Company E, Nine
teenth Infantry, died on October 6; Pri
vate M. B. Gavin, Company H, Thirteenth
Infantry, died October 13; Private W. H.
Reynolds, Company I, Thirteenth Infan
try, died October 15; Private Ivan Ran
dolph, Company D, Seventeenth Infantry,
died October Yh; Corporal Randolph Wolf,
Company E, Seventeenth Infantry, died
I October 19; Corporal Lewis Erlenwein,
Company F, Twelfth Infantry, died Oc
tober 27; and Private John Butler, Com
pany B, Twenty-first Infantry, died Oc
tober 28.
During tlie run from San Francisco to
Manila there was one death on the ship
that cast a gloom over the entire crew.
On September 18 William Lyons, the chief
cook, died of consumption. The deceased
was known from one end of the coast to
the other, having served for years as
chef on the steamers Umatilla, Queen,
Orizaba and others. About three years
ago he was attacked with smallpox and
the Umatilla, on which ship he was at
that time, was Quarantined.
Lyons was taken sick with pneumonia
soon after the Puebla left port. Every
thing possible was done for him but with
out avail. He was buried at sea with all
possible honors. Captain Thomas stopped
the ship and set the flags at half mast.
Chaplain Freeland read the burial service
and a soldier choir sang a number of ap
propriate hymns. The bodies of the men
who died on the homeward trip were em
balmed and will be forwarded to their
i relatives as soon as discharged from the
j tr The P sick men on the Puebla went direct
to the Presidio hospital. The .quart, r
master's steamer McDowell went along
side the transport in the stream and took
them all abuard.
The following Tennessee boys came as
far as Nagasaki on the Puebla: R. fa.
Coulter E. W. Rollon. Clay H. Stacker,
Bovd Johnson, J. N. Rendle, C. L. Eaker,
J C. Kendrick, J. H. Tale, M. Martin
dale, J. N. Warton, M. J. Pierce and R.
IC. Crutchfleld. From Yokohama they
took passage for Hongkong and from
there are going to Europe. After seeing
the Paris Exposition they will make a
tour of the world before returning home.
The remains of Captain Maurice o.
Kravenbuhl. Third Artillery, and Captain
Hogiirdus Eldridge, Fourteenth infantry,
also came up on the Puebla. Captain
Kravenbuhl was killed in a train wrecked
by the insurgents near San Fernando, and
Captain Eldridge was killed in a skir
mish near Malabon.
For the first time since the troops com
menced to return from Manila then Is no
Slate volunteer regiment quartered at the
Presidio. The Washington and lowa reg
iments were mustered out yesterday and
left the camp. ,
It took nearly $300,000 to pay off the two
regiments, but it was all got through
with in good timp, and by early evening
there was not a soul in either camp. The
lowa men started East at once. Their
trains were scheduled to leave at 2 o'clock
and there was no delay in getting them
away.
The Washington men will not go home
together. The plan of sending some by
land and some by sea has not been
changed, and so the men will not arrive
at the same time nor will they all go as
far as Sealtie. Most of those going by
rail will go direct to their homes. Before
leaving yesterday the men gathered
around Colonel Wholley's tent to Bay
good-by to him. Colonel Wholley will be
examined for promotion to a captaincy in
the regular service and will then go East
to join the Forty-first Regiment, in which
he holds a commission as major. He will
return to the Philippines by way of Suez.
The lowa regiment left several men in
the general hospital, they being too sick
to leave their wards. They were dis
charged with the other men of the regi
ment, but they will be cared for in the
hospital until they are in a condition to
leave it. The men left behind are Ser
geant Frank A. Baker and Harry ML
! Woods of Company A. Elmer Narver of
! Company D. William A. McLean and Ira
Baird of Company E. Riley D. Stephens
of Company G and Corporal Hugn M.
Goff and Edward Woods of Company L.
Th* Forty-fourth Regiment has taken
possession of the camp formerly occupied
by the Minnesota men. It is the first of
the outgoing regiments to be quartered
in the camp of the returning volunteers.
There was an Inspection of the Thirty
eighth Regiment yesterday by Lieutenant
Colonel Marlon P. Maus, inspector gen
eral of volunteer?. Every officer and man
was present with one exception— First
Lieutenant Kelly, who had 6et yesterday
for hlfi wedding day. He was granted
permission from headquarters to take a
§ay off in order that he might meet his
bride-elect at the ferry when she arrived
! from the Enst, and then hunt up a suita
ble clergyman and have the knot tied.
It will be the turn of the Forty-fourth
to-day. _
First Lieutenant George Curry of the
Eleventh Cavalry has reported for duty
as quartermaster of the stock ship Cone
maugh. and First Lieutenant Keen of the
same regiment has reported for similar
duty with the Leelanaw.
Captain George A. Detchmendy of the
Twenty-second Infantry has been as
signed to the Pathan as quartermaster |
and commissary.
Leave of absence for one month has
i been granted to Major William B.
' Wliocler of the Eighteenth Infantry, who <
has been at the general hospital.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James TV Pns
cne has been ordered to procood to Seat
tle to report on board the transport Port
Stephens for duty during her trip to Ma
nila.
Miss Lillian G. Lane, nurse, now on
duty at tho general hospital, has been
ordered to her home in Salom. Mass., her
contract having been annulled.
Major James Allen of the Signal Corps
has been ordered to proceed to Manila on
the transport Hancock.
Miss Delia Weeks, a contract nurse, has
been ordered to proceed to her home in
Dcs Moines lowa, her contract having
been annulled.
A report from the Thirty-fifth Regiment
| dt Honolulu brings the information that
: Major J. C. Schulte of that rr-giment is
j under arrest for drunkenness. When the
transport arrived at Honolulu the major
went ashore, and when he again reached
the ship he was very much the worse for
his shore experience. He was ordered to j
his quarters, and wall still in confinement
when the ship left the islands.
Work of the California Club.
The California Club began its winter
work yesterday. In the morning the de
partment of civics. Dr. Dorothea Moore
; chairman, held an interesting session in
I the clubrooms in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing, and in the afternoon an informal
; meeting was held by the hospital section.
The club is- in a prosperous condition, as
will be shown when the annual reports
of the officers are read at the club meet
ing next Tuesday afternoon. On that oc
casion, also. Rev. Herbert Parrish will
deliver a lecture on the "Psychology of
the Slums." The officers of the California
Club are Mrs. Lovell White, president:
Mrs. John Jay Scoville, recording secre
tary; Mrs. J. W. Orr, corresponding sec
retary, and Mrs. Hadwen Swain,
1 treasurer.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; _ _
The Famous Bottled Beers
of the Great
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Jffi The Origina! Budweiser, "
jlHit^S^^* Anheuser-Busch Export Pale,
Exquisite "American Pilsener,"
r^jf^^^^W^ Anheuser Standard,
are obtainable on all Pullman and Wagner Dining and Buffet Cars, Ocean and
Lake Steamers, at all First Class Hotels, Finest Clubs and Cafes, and in all the
best families. Used by the U. S. Army and Navy.
jOT fJL k/^7^ • —the strengthening Food-Drink, for ill or well,
4^[(Z4£/£/p[44%&fi4? / is prepared by the Anheuser-Busch' Brewing
Ass'n.
TO TRY SUISSER.
i Ten of the Necessary Twelve Jurors
Accepted.
SALINAS, Nov. I.— Another day has
been consumed by lawyers in the Superior
| Court endeavoring to secure twelve com-
I petent men to try George Suisser. the
murderer of Sheriff Farley. After ar.
'■ arduous day's work five more men were
! secured; and up to the present time ten
I have been accepted out of over a hundred
examined.
Public opinion is strong against Suisser
and there are few citizens in the county
that have not a fixed opinion against the
defendant. It is not likely that testi
! mony can be taken in the case before Fri
j day. A special venire was ordered this
afternoon for twenty-two men, from
which it is expected two can be obtained.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 1.
Stmr Wp?tport, Peterson, 20 hrs from Dear
Harbor.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 1.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Sydney via Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 31— Schr C H Mer
chant, from Tacoma.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 31; Br ship Benicia, from San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov I— Stmr Roanoke,
from St Michael; stmr Farallon, from Dyea;
ship C F Sargent, from Port Townsend; stmr
City of Topeka, from Skaguay; stmr .Humboldt,
from Dyea.
Sailed Nov I— Ship America, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov I— Schr Robert
Searles. from Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov I— Stmr
Mineoia, for Nanaimo; stmr Navarro, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Nor I— Bark
Prussia, hence Oct 18.
Sailed Nov I— Schr C S Holmes, for San
Pedro; bark Gen Fairchild, for Fremantle.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Nov Stmr Scotia,
hence Oct 31.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov. I— Bark Gatherer,
hence Oct. 26.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov. I— Schrs
Bender Brothers and Corinthian, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov I— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark Har
vester, hence Oct 17.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov I— Bark Coryphene,
for Honolulu.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct 17— Ger ship Wands
bek. for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 31— Br stmr City of
Dublin, for Tacoma.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 14— Schr Bertie
Minor, from Eureka. Oct I<>— Bktn Irmgard.
hence Oct 1; schr Mary E Foster, hence Oct 3.
I Oct 13— Ship Occidental, from Tacoma. Oet 19—
Ship George Curtis,- hence Oct S; bark S C
Allen, hence Oct 8. Oct 20— Jap stmr America
Maru. hence Oct 14. Oct 21— Schr Chas R
Wilson, from Aberdeen; ship Lucile, from Ta
coma. Oot 22— Russ stmr Dalny Vostok, from
Kobe: schr O M Kellogfr, from Tacoma: bark
Theobald, from Nnnaimo. Oct 24— Stmr China,
from Yokohama: Oct 2."— Stmr Australia, hence
Oct IS; V S stmr Newark, hence Oct IS; ship
John A Brings, from Newcastle, Aus; Br stmr
Miowera, from Sydney. Oct S4— Br stmr Car
lisle City, from Yokohama, and sailed for San
Diego.
Sailed Oct 14— Jap stmr Honßkone Maru. for
San Francisco: stmr Zealandla, for Manila.
Oct 15— Haw ship Helen Brewer, for Taltal.
Oct lft— Stmr City of Para, for Manila. Oct 17
—Stmr Valencia, for Manila. Oct IS— Ship Yo
semite. for Port Townsend: stmr Sikh, for Ma
nila; stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, for Manila.
Oct 19— Stmr Ellhu Thomsen. for Seattle; schr
Jennie Wand, for Port Townsend; ship Coal
lnga. for Port Angeles. Oct 20— Schr Transit,
for San Francisco: schr A J West, for Grays
Harbor; schr H D Bendlxen, for Port Town
send: Jap stmr Toyo Maru. for Yokohama. Oct
21— Bktn Eureka, for Port Townsend. Oct 22—
Ger ship H Hackfeld. for Pan Francisco; Jap
stmr America Maru. for Yokohama. Oct 23—
Bktn Klikitat, for Port Townsend; Haw bark
Fnohnir. Suey, for Singapore.
HlLO— Sailed Oct 14— Bark Amy Turner, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct Haw bark Roderick Dhu, hnc
Oct 1
KAHULUI— In port Oct Bark Colusa, hnc
Sept B.
Cleared Oct Brig Ijurline, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct Bktn Ruth, hence Oet 4. Oct
10— Bktn Mary Wlnklemann. from Newcastle,
NSW. Oct 21— Bark Chas B Kenny, from De
parture Bay.
Sailed Oct Bark Colusa, for Departure
Bay.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Not — Stmr Menomlnee,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Not I— Stmr Waes
land. from Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Not I— Stmr Teutonic,
for Liverpool .
Arrived Not I— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm n. from
Naples, etc.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Not I— Etmr New
York, from N«>w York
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Ferry, Foot at Mark** Bt#
8 ; 30 .ii 10 ' 8:30 D - m - Thursdays— Extra trip
at i l , : f °oP- ra Saturday*— trips at 1:50
and 11 :Xo d. m.
BWDATS- S:CO. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. J:3O.
6:00. n;2O D. m. ...
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK" DATS— «:IO, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 1145,
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. 5:05.
*:25 o. m. . . '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— — — — October 15. — — — — — — —^
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. | days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:C0 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm! 9:SO em Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
/ Fulton,
1:30 am ' Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdsburg,
Lyttnn.
GeyserviUe,
yrSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:28 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am I 10:26 am
8:00 ami Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm / 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 em 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pnil | 7:35 pm , 6:22 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaczs
Springs r at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for • Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at' Uklah for Vichy
prlngs, Saratoga Sprints, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
We3tport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mins s, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
■ On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyopd San Rafael at half rates. .
' Ticket Offices, 630 Market at.. Chronicle Md«.
B. C. WHITING. - .-.■-.' ■R. X. RYAN. -
GeneraJ Mantcee. - Qtpw P»M. Afoot. ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL. »i^j
SOS TUKRN I'AC'II'IC COM PANT.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Trains) !«■»*«• nnal lire <!■■«" io itrrlv* ■«
MAM FKANC!I«VI>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 29, 1899. — aebivb
•7:(M»a Bpnicia, Snisun and Sacram«nto.... *7i4Bp
Mjrjsville. Oroville via Woodland,
Elmira. Vacaville ami Ruaisey.... # ~:-*»P
•7:OOa Shasta Express- Dam Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland »7i45p
•~:UUa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*,
Calintoga and Santa Rosa •0:13p
■RtOOA Tho Overland limited— Ogden.
Omaha. Chicago •3il»r
•■i:«oa Ban .lose, Livcrmore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plaoerfllle,
MnryßTille, Chico, liluff »4tlSp
•8i»Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora MilSp
•»:OOa Haywards. Nike and Way Stations. *1 1 m»a
•»:OOa Atlantio Kxpress-Ogden and East # U:43a
»9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, LatUrop, Stockton,
M rcf d and Fresno «12j15p
•J»!«»a Port Costa, Fresno, Mojaro ami Jam
Aiißeloi! »«i4»f
* 1 0:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *««l»r
•I I :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. *2 «-i»F
•Iil:OOK Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Ilanford, Visalla,
rcrtervillo •4il»r
tl:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steimiuin tSjOOp
•3:00p Ilaywards, Nile* and Way Stations. *3t4»r
•4:OOi- MurtiiK-7, Bail Itaninu, Vallejo,
Napa. CaHatoga, .SnutaKnea «»ilB4
•4iOOr Benicia, Vac»vil'e, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knight* Landing,
Mary« Till(», Oioville M O:48 A
•4iBop Nlles, Han Joso and Stockton »7:15f
•3:OopTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
ersfleld. Saugus for Kan ta. Bar- •
bara. Los Angeles .!S .5* 1
•RxaOp Stockton, Merced, l'resiio, »1,*:13p
•r>:JOp Fresno, llakernlii-lil. Santa lUrtiara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East »Bi4l> a
•3iBOp Santa Fa Itonto— Atlantic Kxpress
for MnJHTA anil Hut »Oi4»F
•O:OOp Haynards, Niles Han Jose •«!-».'>a
t«tser Vallejo •' * : ' ?«•
•«:3Ui- Oriental Mail— and East •8«50p
17:00r Vallejo. Port Coata and Way Sta-
* tlons.. :»» 55 *
•SsOSr Oregon and California lixpromi.Mao-
ramento. Marya»illf. Uedillng.
Portland. Pnget Mound ami Kant •SilOA
COAST DIVISION (Nnrrcm (Jniige).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•»sl3ANewark,Centerville,Sa!i Jose, Felton,
BonlderOrtck.SantaCnisandWay
Stations ••••• *3ioW
f*tlOp Newark. Centervillc, San Joss, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *!2 : 22*
•4ilsp Newark, Han' Jose, Los Oatos. •»»2O».
&Il:i3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
. Stations ■ t«i«Or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiN FIUBCISCO— Fcot or M»rkit Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:18 8:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *2:00 $3:00
•1:00 tS:OO *6:COi\M.
rromOIKUHD— of "f.:00 8:00 10:00*.m.
t!2:CO «l:00 t3:00 *3:03 ti;o3 •8:00' i .m.
COAST VISION (llroart (Unge).
(Third and Townacnd Sts.)
10:IOAOceau>iew, South Ban Francisco.. t«:3«P
•7:00 a San Jose mul Way Stations (New
Aliuadcu Wednesdays only) "li»»F
•9>«Oa San .lone. Tres Vinos. Hunt* Criia,
Pacific drove, l'*so Roliles, San
Luis Obispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations ** 1 !?*
•lOi<JOA San Jose mid WayStatioiis I2 ! 5?/
•I1>»Oa San Jose and Way Stations ....... «staOF
t»i4si> San Slateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, Hun .lose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Criw. Salinas,
Monterey »nd Pacific Grove tlO!8«A
4:i:SOp San Joso and Way Stations !A«lf P
iUtSl' San Jose aud Principal Way Statlous *» : j|3A
*3i«Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations t»*OJ>A
*s::iop Han Jose and Principal Way Stations £'•«*
*tt::iOr San Jose and Way Stations t* : A
Hl:4sp San Jose and Way Stations ««:JOp
A for Morning. for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday exeepted. } Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
Santa Fe Route
PL £ I I v/^
ill f^ "" V I a tea
yir»^SAW FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
■** THE MOST COMFORT WaY '
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY PAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNO
CARS ARE; MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
i EVERY DETAIL. =====
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. BeadTJp.
: •7:20 am 51C:30 ami Stockton t3:40 pmj 6:00 pm
j 9:IQ am J 2:05 pm Merced tl2:10 pm 4:13 pn»
10:40 am { 5:35 pm Fresno t9:00 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 5 7:45 pm Hanford t7:00 am 1:45 prr»
2:25 pm (12:30 ami Bukersfleld fl:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am! t<J : 25 pm Visalia J5:20 am 1:22 pm
j 12:15 pml t6:53 pmi Tulare §4:25 am »l:05 pm
■ •Dally. tExcept Sunday. |Except ,Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 623 Market St.;
: Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Of flee, 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 201 J st. X;v V
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara Bt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. .
Commencing October 1, IiSJ.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJ.BT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «7:00. •>:3O, U:00 a. m.: 1-. U.
; •3:40, 5:15, 8:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley «nd Ban R*.
fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B :OO. •10:00. 11 M a. m.; lAS,
1:15. «4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. .
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 1.1&. 7:44, *9:4» a. bi.j
•12:80. 2:15. '3:40. •S.lh p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Eaturdayn at 6:40 and 10 : 15 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— fi:IO. »8:00. ♦10:00. «11:45 a. •.■
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45, *«:30 p. m.
i Trains marked <*) start from San Quentfa.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:44. 6:43. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.\
«:16, 2 35. 8:45. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aa«
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:06 a. m. ; 12:85, J:li, 1:«Q,
»:«). 6:45 p. m
; , THROUGH TRArNS.
■40 a. m. week days— CatAdero and way stations.
t;4O p. m. Saturdays— Tomale* and 7 ay statloaa.
I:9G a. m. Sundays— aad way littn—.
! TAMAX.PAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
i-«av« San Francisco via Bausallto Ferry, •
Commencing SUNDAY. October X. ISM.
WEEK DAYS— fI:SO a. m. an* 1 ii p. m. |
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. \
Jars B F. to Hun ml and Return, $1 40.
THOB. COOK 4 SON. AiU.. til Market at,
■^^ »^^— — »
S~\l Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£ mteßm (> >-' > KEARNY ST. Established
UVnafffil lll mn* for the treatment of Private
HI yS»JWf Diseases, Lost Manhood. D«billty or
t' ; , jfl^ disease wearl njf on bodvand mlndand
>*SS'SS4**jß •"skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
ra others fall. Try him. Charges low
i^WWaTliTßl^ vnaruntertl. Callorwrlte,
: Up. J. F. tiIBBOK. Box 1957. San Francisco
I WBiFGiI.ISM
1112
JOINT PETITION
TO BE SENT ON
TO WASHINGTON
Wheeler the Coast
Candidate.
The joint petition to President McKJn
]. v xo appoint William R. Wheeler of this
city to fill the vacancy on the Interstate
Commerce Commission, which wil
signed by a lar r of representa
tive commercial organizations on the Pa
cific Coast, will soon be ready to forward
to Washington. Several organizations In
this city I ly. through their of
ficers, appended signatures and -
The Presideni has been requested to
• the coming of this petition befoi
taking action.
The petii ■ rd ! '>' th( *
ny. while tln>
■ . irance
;- t: shing m anil has
• i :•
tary, Mr. Por
ter. The arrival of the petition in
me of
■
impr- ' h candl-
In favor of Mr.
v (k i ler.
: : that
: •  < hipman was
tanding. Several In
divid . •l\ es, were
v. ' 'l ds written
th-ir li that they were
Lnizations with which they
were officially ■ s not
mmercial organization in this city
that dorsed .Mr. Wheeler since
inimous Indorse ment
of thi' I'a Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' lon.
Th.' petition in favor of Mr. \Y
has I i by the following: San
< 1 Trade, by A. A. Wat
kins, president, and 11. i.. Smith, s<
tary; San Francisco Chamber of Com
nieri . president, and
M- rchants' Associa
tion, by r. W. president, and
J. Richard Freud, secretary; Wholesale
: • !>y William Haas,
Bhrman, s< cretary ;
ist Jobbers' and Manufac
turers tlon, by Wakefleld i:.tk.-r,
Thomas P. Smith, .
janlzations that have Indorsed
Mr. Wheeler will nt petition.
Among the number may be the Chamber
: tland, the ' Chamber
nd the Chamber
: C L . ' : leS.
California Congressmen have an
swered the i.'tirr addressed t<> them by 1
the Pi st Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association. The following is the
•■■:■■ i Ived from Congress-
N< ■ dham:
I ! ■• ■ to -irknowledge receipt from
-::\ and lever urging mi
tn R, Wheeler of y.»ur city
■.itr.ent ;is a member of the In
immlsslon. You are
I at I have already wired the Presi
dent Indorsing and urprinß the appoint
ment of Mr. Wheeler. I sincerely hope that
lie may be successful.
pressman De Vries had writti n a
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
ciatlon, in which is
the following:
I have i' • icknowledge receipt
:Mh inst., concerning
■ ■:' Mr William R. Wheeler
as 
. ree
mer,: 1 to
Going to St. Louis.
Messrs. Stubbs, Sproule and Herrln will
St. Iwuis next Monday, where
they will sts of '.he
Soutl which Is made
ndants in the suit brought
rstaxe ' Commerce (lor
n Louis jobbers. The
• • P ': C ls< Jod
bers' and Manufacturers' AjssocJ I
Messrs. W iker. H. D. Loveland
and Attorney E. S. Plllsbury. will start
next Tuesday.
THE HALL MURDER.
Charles R. Dodge, the Old Hotel
Keeper. Appears in Judge
Treadwell's Court.
Charles R. Dodpe. the old hotel-keeper
at H t, ehaxped with the mur
lil, cook on the transport
Hancock, Tuesday night, appeared In
Judge TreadwelTs court yesterday morn
ing and, by consent, the case was contin
ued till Saturday pending the result of the
■
Ige, who is ~:>. years of ape. and a
■ ■ looking old man, claims
that he Bhot in self-defense. Hal! arid
eight or nine others, he says, had started
wreck the place and had knocked his
pun down with a chair and thrown a stool
at him, knocking out two of his teeth, be
fore he gut the pistol and fired the ratal
shot. The trouble arose because tney re
fused to pay for their drinks and wanted
him to tr.-at tri'-m to more liquor.
Notwithstanding his age and the cir
cumstances of the ca ■ kept in a
cell with notorious criminals. Comment
■was n • relay on that fact and the
othei ■ when Joseph P. ETrenna,
who shot and killed James F. Turner, was
taken to the prison ho w;is placed In a
separate cell and shown every considera
tion by the prison officials.
ThT<? is ri"t an ounce of h^adaeho In a bar
rel of It— Jesse Moon "A A" whiskey.
WACHENDORF MAY GO FREE.
Motion to Dismiss Him From Custody
Entertained by Judge Cook.
In all probability Dr. c. C. J. Wachen
dorf, charged with the murder of John
. Kehlenbeck, will be dismissed from cus
tody by Judge Cook to-day and the jury
Impaneled by him be discharged.
Assistant District Attorney Solomons
made another attempt yesterday to estab
lish a case against the accused, but
failed to even establish the cause of Kehl
»enbeck's death. J. N. E. Wilson made
a motion to dismiss the prisoner on the
ground that the "corpus delicti" had not
been established. A long argument fol
lowed. Judge Cook was inclined to
gTant the motion, but allowed the
prosecution until this morning to pre
sent a statement of proofs against
the defendant and upon the filing of this
statement Judge Cook will pass judgment.
if. in the opinion of the court, the state
ment does not show sufficient cause for
continuing the trial the prisoner will be
given liberty.
P. Roland, candidate for Public Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
Badges for the Bands.
Every preparation has been perfected by
Ihe ladies of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals for the enter
tainment to be given this evening In Met
ropolitan Temple. The purpose is to raise
money for the purchase of 50,000 badges
for the young members of the many
Bands of Mercy . which the ladies have
formed during the past year. The object
of the band is to educate the growing
generation to be kind to all dumb animals
and the badge is to be emblematic of the
principles to which every member has to
hubscribe upon joining. No pains have
l»cen spared by the lady workers to make
the affair a success.
Dr. O'DonnelFs Champion.
An old campaigner remarked yesterday
that he would stake his life on Dr. O'Don
nell'a election as Coroner next Tuesday.
The gentleman basts his opinion on the
determination of the people to elect the
, en, and he I everybody
sounds the praises of Dr. O'Donnell as tha
ncr In our history. •
Undue Influence Charged.
A contest of the will of the late Susanna
Brown wai filed yesterday by Katherlne
Kowland, a sister-in-law of the deceased.
The contestant alleges that at the time of
the execution of the will, the testatrix
was of unsound mind and waa dominated
over and unduly Influenced by Thomas C.
Kic-nilff, one of the residuary legatees,
who importuned her to execute the con
i. Ed will, after misrepresenting its pro
i.h. Ductdent's estate ia valued at $80,
--000.
ASK THE PRESIDENT
TO APPOINT WHEELER
EIOLiLO'WING is the petition now tn circulation and helm? slewed by the
commercial interests of this city and coast to President McKlnley ask-
I Ing him to appoint William R. Wheeler to the vacant place on the Inter
s'.. 1 ' Commerce Commission:
To the President, Washington, D. C. —
Your Excellency: We, your petitioners,
respectfully beg to represent that the
great amd manifest interests of the Pa
cific slope should fairly entitle that
section of the United States to represen
tation on a body like the Interstate Com
merce Commission, whose duty it is to exer
cise a supervision over the interests of
all parts of the country.
We further represent that, after the
time of the resignation of Hon. William W.
J. Calhoun of Illinois from said Commis
sion, while we respectfully addressed you
through our different commercial bodies
requesting that a Pacific Coast man may be
appointed, we refrained from mentioning
the name of, or indorsing any one for the
position, until such time as we could indi_
cate to you the unanimous choice of the
business interests of the whole coast.
A convention has just been held in this
city of the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
Manufacturers' Association, which was at
tended by representatives from every line
of business from the States of Washing
ton, Oregon and California. At that con
vention the matter of indorsing some one
for the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Mr. Calhoun was taken up, and Mr. W. R.
Wheeler of this city was the choice, with
out one dissenting vote.
Of Mr. Wheeler's fitness for the posi
tion we are thoroughly informed and satis
fied, and we therefore request your Excel
lency that he be appointed to fill the
vacancy, and we, your petitioners, will
ever pray.
GIRL STOWAWAY
WORE TROUSERS
ON THE CHINA
Birdie Bean Wanted
to Go to War.
— ♦ —
' The Pacific Mall Company's steamer
China for the first time in ten years of
1 continuous service came into .port late.
I She was looked for on Monday night, but
I did not arrive from the Orient until early
yesterday morning. , The delay was due
to the coal famine at Honolulu..
that no fuel could be obtained at the isl
ands the company cabled the captain at
i Yokohama to come along slowly and
j economize the coal. In consequence the
i China came from Yokohama under three
' boilers instead of six, which number she
; generally uses.
; The China brought up 97 cabin. 19 sec
ond cabin and 421 Chinese passengers. On
' October 25 she met the transport Ohio,
bound into Honolulu. The Ohio has . the
Nevada cavalry and 250 discharged sol
diers aboard. ,
1 Miss Birdie Bean was among the
China's passengers. The young lady
dressed in boy's clothes and stowed her
! self away on the transport City of Para.
1 The second day out the civilians aboard
; the transport were mustered for vaccina
tion and Miss Bean's sex was discovered.
She was put ashore at Honolulu, where
friends cared for her. The young lady as
serts that she was a reporter on a Stock
ton paper and was going to Manila as a
i correspondent. She begged to be allowed
to continue on her way, but the officers
of the transport were obdurate and Miss
Bean was left behind in Hawaii.
Among the passengers was Captain
! Whiting who went to Manila in command
iof the Monadnock. He was taken ill at
Hongkong and his wife nursed him back
to lite, The captain and his wife will go
East in a few days.
The ship Charles E. Moody, from Nor
folk Va., for Honolulu, had not arrived
when the China sailed. The rate of re
' insurance on the overdue vessel advanced
! to Co per cent yesterday afternoon.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha Company s
steamer Hongkong Maru sailed for the
Orient yesterday afternoon, and the
Oceanic Steamship Company's Moana for
Australasia last night. Both vessels were
crowded with passengers and freight. On
the Moana there was not a berth to be
got for love or money, while among her
cargo were 250 tons of apples and 20,000
cases of canned goods. The remains of
James R. Holt, who died at the Lane
Hospital on October 27, went back to
Honolulu on the Moana. The deceased
was well known in Hawaii, and came here
; to undergo an operation.
Among those who sailed on the Moana
' were Colonel George W. Bell, United
States Consul General at Sydney, N. S.
W., and Ackland Hood and wife. . Mr.
Hood came here from New Zealand to
marry Miss Fitzpatrick of this city. He
is now taking his bride home. A host of
friends were down to see them off last
night. Miss L. Carey, daughter of Cap
tain Carey, who has been on a three,
months' visit to San Francisco, also went
: home on the Moana.
Among the Hongkong Mam's passen
gers for Honolulu were Mother Judith
Brassier, Sister Elizabeth Del, Sister
i Louise Malgret, Sister Albano Labrone
. and Rev. Father John Wegle. They are
I eoing to the Molokal leper settlement.
Rev. H. B. Gait and wife are missionaries
' bound for Shanghai, and Commander F.
P. Gilmore, U. S. N., Is going to Hong
kong to take command of one of the
! Spanish ships captured during the battle
of Manila.
The ship c. F. Sargent, which left here
i for Puget Sound last Saturday, arrived
:at Port Townsend yesterday morning.
This Is the fastest trip made in a. long
time. About three years ago the British
ship Drumrock went up In a little over
three vs. She went out in a south
easter, and Pilot Freeman was carried
away on her. About thirteen years ago
: the ship Bonanza made the run up in
sixty-eight hours, which is the record.
"Johnny" Cane is no longer shipping
i master for the Shipowners' Association.
He severed his connection with that body
! yesterday, and Charles McCarthy was ap
; pointed in his place. McCarthy knows
every Bailor on the beach, and as shipping
master for American vessels has made a
good record for himself.
The British ship Metropolis arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, yesterday in the
I fast time of fifty-one days. On September
2 John Adams, one of the crew, died from
natural causes and was buried at sea.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and awarded the contracts for the
rebuilding of the creek route ferry slin
(Slip No. 7). The building of the hydraulic
I hoist was awarded the Vulcan Iron
Works for $2745, and the other work to the
City Street Improvement Company for
; $10,279.
Captain Sprague. late of the barkentlne
Gleaner has taken command of the new
four-masted schooner Columbia, and Cap
tain Peck has succeeded him in the
i Gleaner.
The British steamer Duke of Fife ar
-1 rived from Brisbane yesterday, after a
smart passage of twenty-six days. She
; has been .chartered an a transport and is
; .scheduled to sail on the 10th lnst. with -^j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. 1899.
load of horses for Manila. Captain Bar
neson inspected the steamer Flintshire
yesterday, and tho chances are that she
also will be taken as a transport.
BANKERS ARE GRATEFUL
Alfred P. Blacli's Prosecution of For-
gers Becker and Creegan Is
Appreciated.
Alfred P. Black, Republican nominee
for District Attorney, won the grati
tude and esteem of business men
throughout the country when he se
cured the sending of Charles Becker,
the "prince <>f forgers," to the State
prison. Becker is the remarkable for
ger -who raised a Woodland bank draft
from $12 to $22,000, and Becker's pal,
James Creegan, got the money at a
bank in this city. So cleverly was the
forgery done that even after it was
known to be spurious none could de
tect the forgery without a magnifying
glass. Mr. Black considered such a
man as Becker extremely dangerous to
be at large and followed him relent
lessly until he cut away every possi
ble defense. Then Becker pleaded
guilty and was sent to the State prison,
where he is serving out his sentence.
Creegan is also in the State prison.
Bankers and business men realize that
Alfred P. Black is the right man for
District Attorney, and accordingly they
will give him their support.
■ ♦ ■
Will Prospect for Oil.
Henry J. Crocker "Wendell Easton, C. S
Benedict, F. W. Sumner, George Easton
Prince A. Poniatowski, John K. Merrill
E. \V. Runyon and George W. Hendersoi
have Incorporated the Yukon Crude •>i
Company, with a capital stock of JljU'.OCKi
of which $2250 has been subscribed.
The difference of cost between a
good and a poor baking pow=
der would not amount for a fam=
ily's supply to one dollar a year.
The poor powder would cost
many times this in doctors' bills.
Royal Baking Powder may cost a little
more per can, but it insures perfect,
wholesome food. In fact, it is more
economical in the end, because it goes
further in leavening and never spoils
the food.
Royal Baking Powder used always in
making the biscuit and cake saves both
health and money.
You cannot, if you value good health, afford
to use cheap, low-grade, alum baking pow-
ders. They are apt to spoil the food ; they
do endanger the health. All physicians will
tell you that alum in food is poisonous.
fIOYAI BAKING POWDER CO* NEW YORK.
JOHN A. RUSSELL
SUDDENLY STRICKEN
JOHN A. RUSSELL, the veteran clerk of the Board of Supervisors, I
suffered a paralytic stroke in his office yesterday afternoon, and his
physicians entertain grave fears for his recovery. Mr. Russell was en- I
gaged in compiling the annual report of the Board of Supervisors when
the shock came, and without warning ho fell from his high chair pros- * :
trate on the floor. Dr. Lawlor, who was immediately summoned, found
that the right side was completely paralyzed. Though his power of speech I
was Impaired, Mr. Russell still retained consciousness, and after several ap
plications of electricity his condition had improved to such an extent that I
at 6 o'clock he was removed '<> his apartments at the Lick House.
"The attack is quite serious, though not necessarily fatal," said Dr. Law- I
lor, Mr. Russell's attending physician, when seen last night. "His right
side is completely paralyzed and his face is drawn very tightly. During his I
iife Mr. Russet has taken exceptionally good care of his constitution, and
this may he a potent factor in bringing about his ultimate recovery." I
John A. Russell is one >>f the best and most popularly known public offi
cials in the City Hall. He has been connected with the Board of Supervisors I
for a period of some thirty-three years, and he is familiar with every act
passed by that bury during that time. As a student of law governing mv- |
nicipal affairs Mr. Russell has no peer, and his memory on these matters has
on mure than on occasion saved the Hoard of Supervisors from becoming i
hopelessly involved in litigation.
John A. Russell was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1522. He came to
California in the early rush for gold and worked at the diggings and ac
cumulated a few thousand dollars in gold dust.
In 1850, while in San Francisco, he invested his money in a small sloop
and, with his partner, engaged in the business of feathering eggs from the
Farallon Islands. Soon after establishing a lucrative trade in San Francisco
Mr. Russell was deserted by his partner, who sailed away with the sloop and
was never heap!
In February. 1866, Mr. Russel] assumed the duties of the office of clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and has acted in that capacity continuously since.
LOVER'S WARM RECEPTION.
Solomon Crockney Attacked by the
Family of His Ex -Fiancee and
Beaten.
Solomon Crockney, a cloakmaker, with
his head and fai with bandagi s.
appeared yesterday in Judge Oral
court and swore to complaints f"r the ar
rest of Culma Riddler, Mrs. N'ormaule
Riddler. Annie RJddli r and Joseph Rid
dlnr. on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. Mrs. Riddler, who wis
arrested Tuesday night, was in court and
her case was continued till to-mormw.
Crockney was to Annie Rid
dler, hut the engag< mint was broken <>ff.
nnd when he went to itie Kiddlrr store at
1046 Howard street Tui sday night the
family set upon him, he says, with chairs
and whatever was handy and he had to
flee for his life.
"Annie broke off the engagement," said
Crockney yesterday, "because I grot my
bank book back fr'>m her. I had \--n
her lot< nf presents and Intended to marry
her, and when a friend told me last night
that it was all ricln again I went to the
Btore. I ni<'t with a cold reception, and
as Anni>- refused to make up I asked her
to return my presents. Then they all at
tacked me. The father knocked me down
with a piece of iron, and when I tried to
risf sonic one 1 1 i t me with a chair. The
mother and Joe kicked and scratched
me and Annie was active In the battle.
As Boon as I Km on niy feel I ran out and
blew a police whistle and a policeman
came and the hospital. 1 will
make them suffer tor their treatment of
me."
Attorney Friedlander, for the Riddler .
wanted Judge Graham to transfer the
cases '«) Judge Tread well, but as he eoul.l
not offer any satisfactory reason for his
request it was refused.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Cr.-dit. M. Rothschild. •""! Port st. •
DEBS GOES SOUTH.
Will Lecture on Socialism at Fresno
and Los Ang-sles.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning Eugene
V. Debs, labor agitator and Social Demo
crat, left the city as silently as he en
tered it. Debs was on his way to Fresno,
where he lectured last night, and from
there he goes to Los Angeles, where he
will speak at Hazard's Pavilion on
"Social Democracy," under the auspices
of the Social Democratic party. He in
tends to spi-ak in Oakland on Monday
night, if he can find time, on his way
back to Chicago.
Pr. Parker's Couph Cure. One <lofp will stop
i cough. Never tails. Try it. Kc. All druggists.*
■ ♦ »
Police Commissioners Meet.
The Hoard of" Police Commissioners met
last r.i^ht and decided to postpone until
their nexi meeting the appointments of
patrol drivers to take the places of those
recently removed by th>' Supervisors.
Harry Wilson, a son of ex-Policcmsn
Wilson, who was retired about a year
ago, was nominated for the position of
patrolman, He will probably receive his
appointment after being passed by the
physician.
Hales.
it's a source of satisfaction to put opportunities like this
within your reach ; doesn't happen every day, of course ;
embroideries at half, at
third off and quarter off
the usual price, make to-
day's chance important
enough to call an "event":
650 yards colored and white em-
broidery, the usual run of good de-
signs; I 1 ,*, to 4 inches wide 5c yard
SOO yards embroidery edging and
insertion, in white only; I 1 2 to 3
inches wide 10c yard
750 yards embroidery edging and
insertion, all open patterns, in white
only; 2 to 4 inches wide 12% c yard
500 yards embroidery edging and
insertion, in white only; 2' 2 to 6
inches wide 15c yard
warm wrappers
20 doz<>n ladies' flannelette wrap-
pers, trimmed with braid and with
bretella ov< r shoulder; fitted waist
linings and d- ■• ;> full flounce; com ■ in
assorted, medium and dark colors.. .
$1.50 each
10 dozen ladies' all-wool henriettt
cashmere wrappers, trimmed with
ruffle and ribbon; lined throughout;
fitted waist linings; come in garnet,
blue and black $5 ea-ch
20 dozen eiderdown dressing
sacques, in red, blue, pink and gray,
finished seams and crochet edge, with
ribbon tie 75c each
rubber goods
3-quart fountain syringe, with fine
hard rubber pipe connections $1
3-quart white rubber water bottles
60c
ladies rubber glows 85c
Akron rubber nipples; white or
blark 30c dozen
rubber complexion brush... 4sc each
Brown's celery phosphate served free.
CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
Save Money on Your Bar Outfits,
We sell them for less money than any other concern on the
coast. We make them ourselves and guarantee them to be supe-
rior. AH fkted throughout with nickel trimmings, the counter tops
and rails being of either walnut or oak, to suit the rest of the outfit.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
riNC.),
1017-1023 MISSION STRhET, Above Sixth.
PHONE SOUTH 14 OPEN EVENINGS.
HEALTH BOARD CLAIMS
HELD UP BY AUDITOR
WELLS WILL ALLOW ONXY KEG-
TJLAB, SALARLES.
Kew Hospital Districts Formed by
Secretary Carroll and Dr.
Heintz.
Auditor Wells has made good his threat
to hold up the salary claims of employes
of the Board of Health who were hired
under the recent decision of Judge Hunt.
A big bunch of dishonored warrants were
yesterday returned to Secretary Carroll,
With notice that no claims drawn on any
but the regular funds of the Board of
Health would be paid. Those who suf
fered by Auditor Wells' action were:
Mrs. B. B. Reed, ambulance m
Harbor Hospital, August $30, October $60;
Peter Callsen, assistant market inspector.
October, $75; B. M. Jones, assistant food
inspector, October, $75; Bert K. Davis.
steward, Harbor Hospital, October $60,
September J3O; Walter Mead, laundry in
spector, October, 550; Frank Browell, as
sistant plumbing Inspector, October, $.5;
John D. Nolan, assistant plumbing Inspec
tor, October, Jltxi; James Winfield Scott,
assistant plumbing inspector. October,
$100- K. G. Hornleln, assistant food in
spector, October, $75; J. N. Colter, health
inspector, October, $100: John A. Hoey.
health inspector, October, $100; C. B. Ses
sions, statistician, September $50, October
si.".ir Thomas Hess, fuod Inspector, Octo
ber $75; Thomas M. Creary, bakery in
spector, October. $75; Filbert Bacigalupi,
garbage inspector, October, $50: James \\ .
Wright, garbage inspector. October, $75.
Dr. Heintz and Secretary Carroll have
redistrlcted the city for hospital purposes.
Heretofore considerable confusion has re-
Bulted because of questions of jurisdiction
between the Harbor station and the Cen
tral Receiving Hospital, ruder the new
schedule, however, trouble of that sort
will bo obviated. The harbor district now
Is bounded by tho bay and Third si
The Central station will receive all eases
in the district bounded on the west by
Devisadero street and on the east by
Third street. The park ambulance will
care for all cases west o Devisadero
street.
Divorce Suits Piled.
Suits for divorce have been Hied by Ruth
Merrltt against William G. Merritt, for
desertion; Fernando P. Gilmore against
Julia M. Gilmore. for desertion: and Jen
nle McCurdy against David McCurdy, for
failure to provide.
Chas. A. Low. candidate for Police Judge*
Farragut Jackie Comes to Grief.
Charles Miller, one of tho crew of the
United States torpedo boat destroyer Far
ragut, with a companion, attempted last
night to force his way into the Orpheum
against the wishes of the Bpecial police
man at that theater. The result was a
mix-up, in which the officer was getting
decidedly the worst of it until he drew
his club and struck Miller. After the tar
had ;i scalp wound dressed at the City
Hospital he was booked at the City
Prison for battery and disturbing the
Endeavor Quarterly Convention.
The fifty-first quarterly convention of
the Golden Gate Christian Endeavor On
ion will be held In the Central M. E.
Church Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh, this evening. The meeting
•will open at 7:45 o'clock with a praise ser
vice led by J. J. Morris.
Hales.
guaranteed gloves
new importation of our 11. R. lamb-
skin gloves fill up all the little g
and make the assortment complete
in every size and color; sold for sat-
isfaction; every glove carries our
guarantee; mended and cleaned free;
fitted, of course $1 pair
25 dozen ladies' 2-clasp pique walk-
i ing gloves, in tan, mode, red, brown,
: gray and whit.; fltteg and guaran-
tied; a regular dollar glove for
j Ssc pair
fall flannels
new wrapper flannels in plaids and
stripes; camel's hair effect; all woo);
27 inches wide 30c yard
eiderdown flannels, in plain colors—
j pink, blue, navy and gray; three-
quarters yard wide 25c yard
yard wide 45c yard
flannelettes of the fleecy kind. 27
inches wide; j n pink ;lm ] blue stripes
I on light grounds; was our 6%c qual-
| ity; now 5c yard
household hints
gas lighters, with box of tapers 15c
coffee mill and cannister combined 25c
11-inch paraffined wood chopping
bowl 15c
corn popper, for winter evenings.. 10c
wood potato masher 5c
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
Rum
3-Day Specials I
The meat of this advertisement Is the
list of figures that accompany the goods
we are mentioning. They will Interest
you and be Introduction, if you are a.
stranger to us, to the low prices you
may expect from us.
BUTTER, square 45c
Choice creamery.
MAPLE SUGAR, lib. brick... !2ic
First shipment of new crop.
Regularly IT'-c.
SALAD DRESSING, b0t...... 25c
Mrs. Heerman's celebrated make.
Regularly 30c.
ROYAL MALT WHISKY, bot... 75c
This whisky is unsurpassed.
None better in the market.
Regular price $1 00.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot — 15c
Ideal brand— best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
GERMAN DILL PICKLES, qt — 10c
Regular price 15c.
Christmas Boxes for Manila
packed by experienced hands and
delivered free. _
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
t
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St. near Market. Telephone West 152.
TeltphsDt Main 5522.
Ivisit OR JORDAN'S great $
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
i Qh 1051 JtiSZaiSS. let. 6iS7th,C.F.Ccl. a
\ tT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
JL IKat disease ■Mr«itiv<-I cured by the oldest f_
© jfSM£3| apecialiitrutheCciit. Esl 35 years 0
4 £|3£f I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ sQJwI _. Consultation free and strirtly pri-.»» \
8M Ay B 'tment personally or by letter. A g
\S If n!i ' iM- '"" Curt ia e^ery case undertaken. f
IF II HA Writefor Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
"I 111I 11 MtHBIAGE, MAILED FREB. <Af
A ail valuable book for mm) \
" OR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
: THE CALIFORNIA COLLEBE OF DENTAL
_„ • . 80EQEaY
WILL OPEN for the -admission of students
MONDAY. Octobrr 23.
For further particulars address
B. W. DENNIS. M.D., 0.D.5.. Dean
416 Parrott building.