VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 112.
SHERIFF FARLEY'S SLAYER ESCAPES
THE FURY OF THE PEOPLE OF SALINAS
Officers Smuggle Suesser
From the Scene of His
Atrocious Crime to
San Jose.
SALINAS. Sept. 19.—Sa
linas is suffering to-day a
reaction from a night of
hysteria. People of the town
are gathered on every street cor
ner discussing in excitement the
tragic scenes of last night when
Henry R. Farley, the Sheriff of
Monterey County, was murdered
by an infuriated drunken wretch
who gave in murder and arson
a terrible climax to a worthless
life.
Business is practically sus
pended. With a fascination of
horror hundreds of men and
women are congregated at the
scene of the tragedy. Crowds
are assembled at the County Jail
to tell their regret that the mur
derer of the Sheriff did not re
ceive summary and desperate
justice for his crime.
Threats are made on even
hand that the criminal will never
be tried by process of law in the
county. Never, perhaps, in the
history of Monterey has a crime
so agitated the people, and armed
men are everywhere ready to re
venge the death of one who
seems to have won universal re
spect and good will. The mur
derer has been hastened out of
the county and smuggled to San
Jose, where he will remain until
people <>f Salinas have calmed
themseivrs sufficiently to permit
him to have the chance that the
law gives him for his life.
The mourning relatives of the
officer are gathered at his
coffin, and the people of the town
are preparing funeral ceremonies
that will testify their esteem oi
the man who was said to be the
most popular man in the county.
When daylight came this
morning the streets were dotted
with armed men prepared for any
desperate encounter. They had
been abroad for hours, and
they had watched with unremit
ting vigilance to lake the life of
the murderer.
It was perhaps an hour after
George Suesser had murdered
Sheriff Farley before the people
of the town knew that the officer
had been shot to death. Suesser.
it will be remembered, had
nursed his rage against Delaney
for hours. Suesser is hardly more
than a boy in years. He is a
worthless, drunken fellow, 22
years of age. He has won a pre
carious living by hunting, being
a dead shot and too lazy to fol
low a regular occupation. He
has been in trouble times without
number. He has been accused of
many minor offenses, but suc
ceeded by some streak of good
fortune from suffering punish
ment for them. Three days ago
he was accused by James 1 >e
laney of having stolen a harness.
The charge angered the young
fellow and he swore to be re
venged. He drank heavily dur
ing the day, and early in the
evening went to the home of De
laney. The old man answered
the call at the door, and when he
came Suesser struck him bru
tally and heavily with an iron bar.
Delaney escaped serious injury
through the assistance of his fam
ily, and Suesser reeled away
vowing that he would return and
kill the household.
As he left he drew his pistol
and fired several shots ,at the
house. Fortunately, he did no
damage, but his desperate nature
was aroused. He leaped a fence
and in drunken viciousness set
fire to a haystack owned by De
laney. In a moment the flames
SHERIFF FARLEY`S SLAYER ESCAPES
THE FURY OF THE PEOPLE OF SALINAS
shot high into the air. A fire in
the very center of the town nat
urally created great excitement.
The alarm drew hundreds to the
scene, and in a few minutes the
neighboring streets were black
with people. The sound of the
pistol shots and the light of the
flames drew Constable Charles
Allen to the place. He saw the
drunken criminal just as he was
leaving the field. The officer
commanded Suesser to surren
der, and the reply was two pistol
bullets which went wide of their
mark.
After firing Suesser fled and
the officer gave chase. The young
man was too fleet of foot, how
i cevr, and reached his home,
; where he secured a shotgun. A
few minutes later he met the man
for whose murder he must now
answer with his life.
The alarms and the excitement
j had attracted the attention of
; Sheriff Farley, who had just re
! turned from the country and was
: dining in a downtown restaurant
; with ex-District Attorney P. E.
Zabala. They determined to
visit the scene of the fire, and on
the way they met Constable Al
len. Pie told them the story *ofj
Suesser's offense, and Sheriff;
Farley decided to arrest the of- j
fender. The officer had almost !
I reached Suesser's home when he
saw the young man. Farley ,
called upon the young fellow to '
surrender. The reply was a vol- i
; Icy of oaths.
Suesser was armed with a shot
gun and leveled it at Farley.
There was a flash and a report,
1 and the Sheriff dropped to the i
: ground mortally wounded. The
i murderer aimed again and fired,
but the trigger simply snapped.
When he saw what he had done
Suesser fled back to his home.
He rushed for a knife and slashed I
his throat, but did not inflict a
I fatal wound.
In the meantime Farley had '
BAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
I intended to kill Delaney and Allen when 1 started out.
When 1 failed to get Delaney I set fire to his hay barn.
When Allen came along and tried to arrest me I thought I
got hii.i, but it seems 5 killed the Sheriff. If I could have
killed those two men I would hang satisfied. — Statement made by
Sheriff Farley's slaver at San Jose last night.
been carried to a neighboring
house, where he died shortly
after without regaining con
sciousness. The news of his
death spread like wildfire.
Officers were summoned and
they surrounded Suesser's
home. People flocked from their
Pictorial Storu of the Killing of Sheriff Farleu
at Salinas.
houses and hastened to the scene
of the crime. As they learned
the circumstances of the murder
they hurried back to their homes
to secure arms. Gunmakers
threw open their establishments
and told all that wished to arm
themselves and prepare to cap
ture the murderer. The town
had gone wild with rage over the
brutal crime of the drunken ras
cal.
It was not long before hun
dreds had congregated at the
Suesser house ready to hang the
murderer. Meanwhile the offi
cers were seeking for him. After
cutting his throat he had sought
refuge in the cellar and had
wedged himself between the
foundation and the ground. After
diligent search he was discov
ered. A board was wrenched
from the side of the house and
he was found blood-stained, chat
tering with fear and weak from
loss of blood. The muzzle of a
shotgun was placed at his head
and he was ordered to come from
his hiding-place. He did so, and
heard the angry roar of the
! throng of men who had sur
! rounded his home and were de
manding his life. He begged the
officers to kill him, but they se
cured a buggy near the house
and by a subterfuge escaped with
their prisoner. They made at
once for the outskirts of the
i town, and it was several moments
before shouts and curses an
j nounced that the crowd knew
i that their prospective prey had
escaped.
The throng then surged
toward the County Jail. News of
the murder had spread to neigh
boring towns, and in Gonzales
and Castroville armed men or-
ganized and hurried to Salinas.
Within an hour the roads were
patrolled by mounted armed men
ready to lynch the murderer.
But the officers were too clever.
They hastened their bleeding
prisoner out toward the Catholic
Cemetery, which is about two
miles from town. One of the of
ficers, James Church, left the
buggy and returned to the city
to endeavor to calm the people.
The other, M. R. Keef, con
tinued with his charge toward
the graveyard. He did not know
what to do. The roads seemed
guarded in every direction. By
taking a circuitous route he
reached the Howard ranch, near
Natividad, however, and there
the murderer rested until early
morning.
But the crowd of armed, rope
equipped men had not left the
jail during the long hours of the
night. They were waiting in
desperate patience for the com
ing of the murderer and his cap
tors. And with all their vigilance
they were outmatched. In the
early morning Suesser was
■ brought back to the town and to
I jail. He was smuggled into the
Sheriff's office, and the officers
I held a consultation. They de
cided that if they were to save
the life of their prisoner they
must get him out of the county.
Angry men were around the jail
and on every street corner. They
had kept their vigil through the
night, and failure had simply in
tensified their purpose.
After planning for nearly an
hour the officers succeeded in
getting a surrey to the rear en
trance of the jail. Suesser was
bundled into it and thrown on
the bottom of the vehicle.
Blankets were thrown over him,
the horses were lashed into a gal
lop, and the mob was cheated.
The officers made their way to
Sargents, where they took the
train for San Jose. All the way
Suesser declared piteously that
he never intended to kill the
Sheriff, who had been his friend.
''I wanted to kill Allen and De
laney," he cried, "and I am sorry
I did not."
After it became known that
Suesser had been taken out of the
county the mob dispersed. But
it has lost none of its bitterness,
and it will fare ill with the mur
derer if he is brought back while
If the Prisoner Is Returned
to Monterey County He
Will Surely Be
Lynched.
I the people of Salinas are in their
! present mood. They demand a
1 speedy revenge for the crime that
i has outraged the entire county.
To-day a stream of people has
passed in and out of the home of
Thomas Renison, where the
body of the dead Sheriff is rest-
ing.
The inquest was held this
morning and the Coroner's jun
charged Suesser with murder.
Coroner Muller, who has as
sumed the duties of Sheriff, has
sworn in five extra deputies to
assist in keeping the peace, but
there is no likelihood of trouble
unless the murderer is brought
back.
The funeral of Sheriff Farley
will take place at 10 o'clock-
Thursday morning. It will be
held under the direction of the
Native Sons and the Odd Fel
lows, of which orders the dead
officer was a prominent member.
SUESSER TALKS OF
HIS MANY CRIMES
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19.— George Suesser.
the murderer of Sheriff Farley, occupies
the cell which formerly held Tiburcio
Vasquez, the notorious Mexican bandit,
in the little tank at the County Jail to
night. The iron bedstead and every
thing has been removed from the cell
so that he cannot kill himself, and Jail
er Rives is keeping close watch on the
prisoner. He lies on a mattress on the
floor, with a couple of blankets over
him.
Suesser was sleeping as soundly and
unconcernedly as an innocent babe to
night when aroused to be interviewed.
He exhibits no remorse for his crime.
Buesser readily consented to sit for his
picture for The Call photographer this
afternoon. He adjusted his attire and
seemed to want to make a good picture.
To-night he quickly answered ques
tions put to him. He said he was sorry
he killed Farley, whom he said was a
friend of his, and that he had no reason
to kill him. The Sheriff did not speak.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to him, and he did not know whom ha
was shooting: at.
"Constable Allen and Delaney have
persecuted me in every way," said
! Suesser. "Four times the former ar
: rested me, and each time I was turned
| loose. Yesterday he wanted to arrest
jme again. This became tiresome, and
i last evening I concluded to even up
I matters. I began drinking, but before
doing so I had decided to kill Delaney
and Allen and then give myself up. I
j went to Delaney's house for the pur
i pose of killing him. If he had come
, out I would have shot him. I did not
hit him with the iron bar, but with my
! fist. I fired three or four shr,-ts through
! the house, but shot too high. That was
! merely to bring Delaney outside. "When
j I ran across Farley I thought it was
Allen, and I shot to kill him. I waa
drunk at the time, but realized what I
was doing. Had Ito do the whole busi
i ness over again I would do the same.
i I felt that if I killed Delaney and Allen
\ and even hung for it I would feel well
i repaid. No, I am not filled with re
' morse nor repentance and don't care
what becomes of me. Yes, I set the
fire?, too."
Suesser has a deep gash around his
throat and is badly powder burned be
tween the eyes. He is not shot in the
stomach, as was at first supposed. In
regard to the wounds he said: "After
the shooting I decided to kill myself. I
went under the house. The muzzle of
a gun I placed to my forehead and
pulled the trigger. It happened that
; there was a blank cartridge in the gun,
which accounts for my failure. The
concussion knocked me down, but I
soon got up. I then grabbed my pocket
! knife and tried to kill myself. It was
j dull and did not reach a vital place.
Before I could do any more damage I
was arrested."
The front of Suesser's shirt is covered
i with blood and he must have bled pro
fusely.
Suesser was taken to the County Jail
'by Deputy Sheriffs Wallace and
Hughes. They arrived at San Jose on
the 2:45 train. Deputy Sheriff Wallace
! gives great credit to Deputies Keefe
: and Nesbitt. They all had a hard time
j to protect Suesser, and although they
i had great animosity toward him, de
j cided to protect him at all .hazards.
AN INQUEST HELD
BY THE CORONER
SALINAS, Sept. 19.— Coroner Muller
held an inquest this morning on the
'. remains of Sheriff Farley. The follow
ing men constituted the jury: H. S.
Ball, F. W. Schmechel. Warren John
son, C. B. Butler, John Tucker. S. J.
Westlake, John Kalar, A. F. Fulton. C.
J. Fulle and J. W. Rowling. After roll
call the jurors were taken to the resi
dence of Thomas Renison. where they
i viewed the remains, and were then
! sworn In. The jurors then returned to
the office of the Coroner, where the in
; quest was proceeded with.
Ex-District Attorney P. E. Zabala
| was the chief witness. He was in the
Sheriff's company from 3:30 continu
ously until the time of the shooting.
They had been out to the Corral de
Troca. Returning about 9:30, they drove
to Mr. Keef's house and left the horse.
They returned to the grill and got sup
per. While there the fire alarm
sounded.
Farley said he would go down town
!to the fire. Witness told him there
would he no use going there and that
the proper place to go was to Suesser's
house if we wanted to find out anything
about the fire. Upon arrival there they
heard loud talking. Suesser's parents
were remonstrating with him. but he
seemed very much excited and said he
was going to kill Delaney. Suesser
went out into the street, continuing his
cursing and threatening. Farley spoke
to him and said: "George, George, be
quiet," but Suesser said: "Stand back.
you . or I'll shoot you. too."
Farley said: "Oh, no, you won't.
George, don't you know who I am?"
and he replied: "Yes, I know who you
are." Farley then urged Suesser to
come back home and behave himself.
Suesser then turned to Farley and
lifting his gun to his shoulder, said:
"Stand back! Stand back! Stand
back!" and upon repeating it the third
time pulled the trigger, the charge
taking effect in Farley's fa<-". When
Suesser fired his father was on the
sidewalk and his mother and brother
were in the yard. They screamed: "Oh,
my God, he has killed an innocent man.
Take him and hang him; he ought to
be killed."
"When we went to the house search
ing for Suesser," continued the witness,
"his folks again reiterated what they
had said and requested us to hang him.
Suesser did not appear to be under the
influence of liquor, but spoke with the
deliberation of one seeking blood. The
Sheriff's pistol was in his pocket. He
had never drawn it."
Marshal Allen testified that he had
the gun of Suesser: that he helped to
capture him from the place of hiding.
When he was pulled out he begged for
a pistol, stating that he would take his
own life.
The Coroner did not deem It neces
sary to introduce further evidence and
gave the case to the jury.
The jury returned the following ver
dict: "We, the Coroner's jury sum
moned to inquire into the cause of the
death of Henry Rled Farley, find that
deceased was shot in the head with
buckshot by George Suesser; that the
shooting was done with intent to kill."2
RIGID QUARANTINE OF
CONSUMPTIVES FAVORED
Los Angeles Physicians Approve of
the Resolution Presented by
Dr. Crowley.
i LOS ANGELES. S»pt. 19.— The action of the California State Board
I of Health in recommending that foreign consumptives be excluded from
} the State meets with general approbation amonp Los Angeles phvsi-
S dans. Dr. Ralph Hasan, police surgeon of this city, in speaking of the
I matter, said:
"I think th^re is as much nerd for quarantining against tuberculosis
• as against leprosy. When a consumptive is isolated an action i 6 taken
I that Bhould have been taken years ago. The natives of the State.
I among whom liuir trouble was almost unknown half a century a«r6. are
? dying oft from the results of imported tuberculosis."
Dr. .T. Lee Hagadorn Bays: "Quarantine is the only means whereby
' the disease may be Btamped out in Southern California. Why should
• the results here '".> otherwise than elsewhere in the world? In the
> famous health resorts of France arid Switzerland, where tuberculosis
' was formerly unknown, the natives are being decimated by consump
tion caught from tourist Invalids. Those who perform laundry work and
> other kinds of oYudgery quickly become Infected."
Dr. Frank Ainsworth Bays: "Exclusion and quarantining of con
' sumptlves would be a good thins: if the idea could be carried out. but
> in my opinion it cannot. You can't shut a man up merely because he
• is expectorating microbes everywhere."
.. .. -. — ». »•• -« •• .-.• .-.« .»v» *\» .*.• .■.•".m:a»:.m:a»- ai-ai-ai -• • •
COMMITTEES ARE
NOT AGREED
Slight Hitches in Plans
of Dewey Day.
Six • ■ . ■ h to The Call.
NEW yuliK. Sept 19.- There is a clash
between the wish* s of the reception
mittee and those of the active men on
th«- committee - '■•' '■''■ be
a on Friday, when the committee on
plan ..f the Dewey celebration
meets, and a muddle over stand con
tracts to !>.■ straightened out. if those In
charge of the <lisiriliuti.ni of tickets are
to have any peace, it la admitted that
evp;i with the changes made by th<
• urn :-. c on M inday List, it
I be almost Impossible to carry out
lay's programme as arranged.
eral Roe insists thai the land parade
Btibuld star; noi later than noon, and thai
wotuld not allow time for luncheon I<> the
Admiral at Claremont. Even with th>
chang< s made Mondaj and with t),
drlv< lont from the Cltj
, n m ii -. : . vouJd not arrive
at breakfast until a£ter 11 o'clock. If
wer< anj delay in connection with
m. pr. sei tati i Ity's loving cup
he would be even later.
General Howard Carroll admitted to-day
that tlvr. waa an apparent lack of agree
uid the re
■ -.:, ■•. , \-. !.;■ he would not
aitt mpl i" f-• ■ -■• ' Ih< action ol I ; .' com
mittei i waa apparent
that he thoughi some changes would be
made.
Copies of the official programme will be
w. On Ihe titla page is a
I>■ w y, emboss d,
a:;i l , ■ - i cover la i sea of the
city with the of Maj or Van
Wyck and his privat< secretary, Alfred
M.Downes. Abov< the seal Blgnal flags
in colors spell • vi "Remember the Maine.
< ith, ;■ ow the < »lympia under tull
t the Mayoi 'b i ommittee,
pboldgraphfl of ■ I tomb, Übertj
[sland, th( Farragui statue, the Gov
ind a print
naval parade at thp a< 41
--• p tomb. There is also a
• v of the Manila Bay ci - -
ment and ihe ln< - ption "f the I >ewey
iration cen
In compliance with a suggestion made
ii\ Captain L. X. Stodder. Supervisor of
Anchorages at the pori of New York, the
tary of th< Treasury, In an order
i to-day, has suspended all anchor
tions for t'ti. day of the Dewey
LEAGUE OF AMERICAN
MUNICIPALITIES MEETS
Members Discuss Matters Appertain-
ing to the Health and Better
Government of Cities.
SYRACUSE, N. Y'., Sept. 19.— third
annual convention of the League of
American Municipalities opened here to
day with 400 delegates in attendance, and
many more are expected to arrive to
morrow. Mayor Maguire of Syracuse
made the address of welcome to the city.
Governor Roosevelt, who was to have de
livered the address of welcome to the
State, telegraphed that he could not be
present. Former Mayor Sewell L. Black
of Columbus, Ohio, president of the
league, responded to the addresses of
welcome.
In his annual address President Black
outlined the purposes of the convention.
Mayor Samuel L. Jones of Toledo made
the principal address of the day. He
spoke upon the subject: "The New
Patriotism, a Golden Rule Government."
Following Mayor Jones, the secretary
and treasurer made their annual reports.
Secretary B. F. Kilklnson stated that,
although the league was but twoyearsof
age, it had on its membership rolls cities
representing about one-sixth the entire
population of the L'nlted States. At the
date of his last report, August 1, 1898,
the league had a membership of seventy
two cities; since then fifty-two cities have
been added to membership. The bureau
received during the year 782 special let
ters of Inquiry, relative to municipal af
fairs. Not having a skilled architect
and a civil engineer, the bureau was un
able to provide all the Information called
for in some cases. The secretary recom
mended that a consulting engineer be re
tained by the league when the revenue of
the organization shall be sufficient to
meet such expense.
The remainder of the afternoon session
was given up to papers and discussions
on "Collection and Disposal of Garbage."
J J. Williams, Mayor of Memphis, Tenn., |
and H. J. Gonden, editor of City Govern
ment, New York, argued in favor of cre- I
mation as the best method of destroying
the waste matter of cities.
"A Plea for the More Comprehensive
Study of Refuse Disposal From a Munici
pal Standpoint," was the subject of an
address delivered by Dr. William C.
Woodward, Health Officer of Washing
ton D C. He urged those present to de
vote their Influences to secure the proper
cleaning of their own city in a compre
hensive manner, and said that then we
should see a lowered mortality and an
Increased vitality and happiness of our
P< This* evening a reception was given by
This evening a reception was given by
Mayor Maguire. the Town Council and
citizens' committee to the visiting dele-
By special request of the delegates.
President Black has invited Colonel
Richard J. Hinton. who is visiting in
Svracuse, to address the convention to
morrow on municipal ownership.
DACIRES RESIGNS.
Will Stand Trial for the Assassina
tion of Heureaux.
PUERTO PLATA. Sept. 19.— Caceres
• signed his place In the Cabinet to
stand trial for the assassination of Presi
i'lii llt-ureaux.
The ( liivfirnmcnt will auction off montn
ly $10,000 in gold from the receipts for du
ties to cancel the paper money. No bids
al less than five to one will be accepted.
The lack of coin Is causing great financial
distress. There are rumors that foreign
.is will Insist that paper be taken.
Chief Dwyer Improving.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 19.— Chief . of Po
lice Thomas Dwyer, whose death has been
expected at any moment for several days
past. Is reported considerably Improves
to-night. The doctors say- he Is better
than it any time since he was stricken.
He has slept well and partaken of consid
erable nourishment. •. • . . .■ .
CASTRO MAY
TAKE CARACAS
Puerto Cabello a Valu
able Capture.
Special Dispatch to Tli<» Call
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— The occupa
tion of Puerto Cabello by General Castro's
forces is expected by the administration
officials to prove of great advantage to
the Insurgents. It is expected jh.n the
nsurgent government will )■>• established
m t hat point, and that this Government
Hill continue the collection of duties bo as
to secure the necessary monej for the
purchase of urms and ammunition, which
:an be entered through the port.
It is evident to the officials that <;■ neral
'astro is following th< course pursued by
olutionists in 1592 and they would
lot be (surprised shou,ld ha be hammering
it the doors of Lara. ;t.» within a few
lays. Commander Hemphill notified the
Navy Department to-daj of the arrival
>f th» I>etroit at La Guayra, and it is ex
lected that be has consulted with Mr.
tiussell, American Charge d'Affalres, rel
itive to measures to be taken to provide
irotection fur American interests. Eie
vill immediately Investigate the situation
md wire the result to Washington.
i: was learned to-daj that the arrest
if General Hernandez followed the dis
: a plot in which ho v.as said to
■•• impli at*-'] !■! overthrow the Q crn
■ t as chief execu-
Ive of the new regime. General Eiernan
nis that li>-. instead of General
was legally elected and that he
v;.- cheated out of tht Presidency.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Sept. 19.—
r.i. Venezuelan schooner Josefita, hea\-
ly loaded witti arms, ammunition and
it!:cr war materials, has evaded the vigi
ance of the local customs authorities and
tailed away, presumably for -th^ Veneau
i.m coaist. The scheme to s^inl ..ut the
r was organized at this port, and
he vessel was t quipped here.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY HAS
NO PROTEST TO MAKE
Calls Upon the President and Says
That He Will Accept the South
Atlantic Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Rear Ad
miral Winiield Scott Bchley, who will hue-
Rear Admiral Howison in command j
South Atlantic station, has no pro
test to make against the assignment
which the Navy Department selected for
him.
As a sailor, he will obey orders with
out a murmur. Ho called upon the Presi
dent this afternoon and told him ihat ho
had no complaint to make; that he would
cheerfully assume the duties of any p"st
selected by the authority which It bad
been his pride to Berve for forty-three
'-■Ml-.
Bear Admiral Bchley was very reticent
when he lefi the Whit.- House after his
Interview with the President, and except
:>■ that he always obeyed orders
would nuik'- r.'> statement as to the in
terview and offer no comment upon the
assignment to the command of the South
Atlantic station. To the rear admiral's
friends the President has said that he
r< garda the station as of great impor
especialt) at this time, in view of
the situation in South Afri<-a, and the un
it condition of affairs in some of
the S^uth American countries. Far from
regarding the assignment as a slight, the
President told Admiral Schley's friends
he regarded it as a mark of distinction.
SCANT INFORMATION
GIVEN BY WITNESSES
Stockholders of Ramapo Water Com
pany Decide Not to Give the
* List to the Committee.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Edward Lauter
bach, counsel for the Ramapo Company,
was on the stand to-day before the Mazet
I committee. He was asked to tell whether
I the Ramapo stockholders had decided to
submit a list of their names. 'Mr. Lauter
bacn stated that he had been instructed
not to submit the llPt on any other terms
| than those previously named, which were
that the names should not be made pub
lic.
Mr. Lauterbach and Mr. Moss had sev
eral wordy rows during the examination.
The witness said he would much rather
see a Tammany man elected Mayor than
a man who belonged to no organization.
There was nothing of importance learned
from Mr. Lauterbach.
Silas B. Dutcher, president of the Ram
apo Company, who was called to the
stand, declared that'he had no such doc
uments as he, had been called upon to pro
duce before the committee. Mr. Dutcher
i declined to answer a number of questions,
and was unable to say where the books of
his company are. He will be put on t lie
, stand again to-morrow.
BIG FIGHT POSTPONED.
Jeffries and Sharkey Not to Meet
Until October 27.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19. — The heavy
Weight championship battle between Tom
Sh&rtcey and Jim Jeffries will take place
on October 27 in«tead of October 23. This
was decided at a meeting held to-day
between William A. Brady and Tom
O'Rouike, when the fighters' managers
agreed to postpone the meeting a few
days.
The postponement was made to give the
Coney Island Club more time to arrange
their boxing carnival to take place during
th<' week of the big battle. There will be
three days' fighting. On Wednesday, Oc
tober 25.'Dlxon and Curley will fight, and
on the following night Gardiner and Jor
dan wtll meet.
TO VISIT THIS CITY.
Brother of President McKinley En
Route to San Francisco.
OMAHA, Sept. 19.— Abner McKlnley.
brother to President MrKinley, accom
panied by Mrs. MeKinlcy and daughter
Mabel, Colonel William K. Brown of New
York City. Wilbur Endsley of Johnston,
Pa., ami Rayburn C,y Smith of Philadel
phia, spent the day/in Omaha en route
for an outing, which includes Denver,
Manitou. Salt Lake City, Portland, Vic
toria, and then south to San Francisco
and Los Angeles. The party left for Den
ver this evening.
V
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
JAMES MURPHY'S
WILL ATTACKED
Miss Bertha Smalley's
Heavy Claim.
SENSATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS
• — :
WOMAN IS A NIECE OF LUCKY
BALDWIN.
Some of the Heirs Are Willing to
Make a Compromise to Keep
the Case Out of the
Courts.
FseHal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19.-There will be a
contest of the will of the late James T.
Murphy, and the past life of the deceased
will be uiiid in court ami many sensa
ti.mal f.-;itures of his career disclosed. The
initial stop in the matter was taken this
afternoon, when a suit was filed in the Su
perior Court by Bertha Smalley of San
Francisco against the Union Trust Com
pany, the e/ecutor of Murphy's cstatei
for (24,000, alleged to be due for services.
Kor live years previous to Murphy's
death Miss Smalley was almost bis sole
companion, and administered ti> his
wantß. They lived at the Lamolle House,
and It is siiid Murphy frequently intro
duced her as his wife. The indebtedness,
the complaint states, was contracted be
tween February, I*!*, and November 16,
LB9B, during which time it is alleged Miss
Smalley "performed work and labor and
rendered services to said James T. Mur
phy, decedent, at his request, in the ca
pacity of must' and attendant."
It is stau-u the services were reasonably
worth $24,000, a:<d all became due and
payable on November 16 last The claim
>i as presentee to the Union Trust I'om
pany on Jum - (| . l v ;<y, but rejected by the
executor, suit is Drought to enforce the.
claim, and will certainly lead to a content
of the wni.
Murphy died last November, leaving an
esti i< reputed t> be worth in the neigh
.... . ■ ■_ ■o. He had been divorced
trom ins vii. tor a number of years. At
i!.. separation h< had amply provided for
ner. tie Mi om child, .Mrs. Wilhelnnna
i tiapman. fchoru> before his death h>- ex
ecuted a will, in v one-half of the prop
c-iin went i" Mis. Chapman, but was held
in trust Mi- her, .ir.u the balance was di
vided among sixteen nieces and neph
ews. Miss biualley, on whom Murphy had
lavishea ins artections, was not provided
ih< divorced wife, Mrs. J. T. Murphy,
and her aaugnter were totally ignored,
aii'i the) ciaim ii was only lay trickery
v..a they were allowed to participate in
the obsequies. Miss Smalley was
with :>Miii>u> at the time his death,
which \\;.> unexpected, and these relatives
olaim< : that she took possession of Mur
watch and jewelry and rued herself
io Ban t ran< - . ,
lne divorceu Mrs. Murphy and her
daugnter tnreatened a contest, but
through the ettorts of Barney Murphy a
compiomise was eaected. The nieces and
hepiiewa accepted a smaller share than,
was them under me wUI and it was
thought the matter would be kept out of
the courts.
\..\v Miss Smalley is having her turn.
and has upsel all the plans. She has
Becurea as counsel Henry I. Kowalsky ot
San Krancisco and K. M. Rosenthai of
this citj . and proposes to fight to a tln
ish. Miss Smaliey is a niece of "Lucky"
Haldwin. and it is understood that this
millionaire is back of her with financial
support.
General P. W. Murphy and Barney
Murphy, brothers of deceased, it is said,
favor allowing the claim in full, and At
torney Craves, counsel f^r the sixteen
nieces aud nephews, is also 'of the same
opinion.
Manager Hellman qf the Union Trust
Company is willing to abide by whatever
decision the heirs may reach.
Strenuous opposition arises to a settle
ment, bowev r. from Mrs. James T. Mur
phy and her daughter. Mrs. Chapman,
Who declare the Smalley woman will
never gel a rent of the Murphy money.
An attempt was made to effect a compro
mise with the latter two for $15,000, but
unsuccessfully.
REGISTRY OF SHIPS
IN HAWAII STOPPED
A Proclamation Bearing Upon the
Matter Recently Issued by
President McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Sept. Ift.— The follow-
ing proclamation has been issued:
"By the President of the United States,
executive order:
"In the exercise of the power conferred
upon him by the joint resolution of Con
gress, approved by the President on July
7, IK9*. entitled 'Joint resolution to pro*
vide for annexing the Hawaiian Islands
to the United States.' the President of the
United States hereby directs that the is
sue of registers to vessels by the author
ities-- of Hawaii, entitling such vessels to
all rights and privilege! of Hawaiian ves
sels in the purts of nations or upon the
high seas, shall hereafter cease."
The purpose of this action is supposed
to be the preventing of indiscriminate ad
mission to Hawaiian register of foreign
built ships, which will later on become en
titled to United States register.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents Granted, Army Orders and
Pensions Issued.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Wallace S. Bracktie, Oak
land, hat and garment hook; William A.
Doble, San Francisco, tangential water
wheel; George A. and R. F. Dunn. Dinu
ba, car and portable turn-table; George
N. Farnsworth, Grimes, draft appliance;
William E. Forest, Los Angeles, oil stor
age can; Daniel Grant, Petaluma, survey
or's Instruments; George Huntington,
Santa Ana/invalid bed; Charles P. Jensen
and J. H. Rowe, Watsonville, sugar beet
cultivator; E. D. Middlekauff, San Fran
cisco, lemon squeezer; Isaac Nicholson,
Vallejo. sliding pipe; Robert J. Northam,
Lob Angeles, rotary pump and improve
ments on same; A. J. Petter, Randsburg.
stamp and roller crusher and pulverizer;
John F. Revalk, San Francisco, compound
for resharpening files; Frederick W.
Wood, Los Angeles, dry concentrator.
Oregon— John G. Ryekman, Knappa,
rein support; L. M. Myer. Newburg, hop
bin; John Brown, Rockwood, gauge for
Saws.
Washington— W. H. Abercrombie, Taco
ma. bicycle driving mechanism; O. C.
Fenlason. Honuiam, scoring tool for ve
neer lathes; Harry L. King, Spokane,
nose guard for eyeglasses.
Army orders: By direction of the Secre
tary of War the following named officers
will report in person at the recruiting sta
tion at San Francisco for temporary duty:
Second Lieutenant Daniel G. Mendel,
First Lieutenant Kenneth C. Marsteller
and Captain Peter T. Riley.
The following named officers of the For
ty-third Infantry will report in person at
San Francisco: Captain John Cook. Cap
tain George O. Duncan. Captain William
i Elliott and Captain Frank C. Prescott.
Private Walter A. Hayes, Company F.
. Thirty-fourth Infantry, Presidio, San
I Francisco, having enlisted under false
I pretenses, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States by the commanding officer.
Pensions: California — Continued — In
crease—Robert Crosby, Fresno, $6 to $8;
John EL Garnett, San Jose, $6 to $8.
Woodland's Tax Levy.
WOODLAND. Sept. 19.— After an all
day session, the Supervisors fixed the ,tax
levy at $140, the same as last year. The
! changes wore a reduction' of 7\ 2 cents in
the tax levy for road purposes, an in
crease of 1 cent in the school levy, an
Increase of 2 cents for the salary fund.
, No levy was made at all for the hos
| pital fund. There is considerable dissat
isfaction on account, of. the reduction at
| the levy for road ' purposes, and the
! chances for road sprinkling are consld
i ered very poor.
■ » ■
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
■ Take Laxative BromQ Quinine Tablets. All
I druggists refund the money if.it fails to cure.
| E. YV. Glove's signature is oft each box.. 25c
TESTIMONY IN
DESIRELLO CASE
Principal Witness Goes
on the Stand. •
SAW THE CRIME COMMITTED
JOHN VACCARI TELLS HISSTORY
TO THE JURY.
District Attorney Bullock Does Not
Hope for a Conviction for Mur-
der, but Merely Man-
slaughter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 19.— The tak- I
ing of testimony In the Desirello murder j
trial commenced this afternoon about 2 j
• '(luck. The entire day up to that time i
was occupied in selecting the jury. In j
all ninety talesmen wore questioned. ]
From their examination it can be seen j
that the strong feeling that existed
against defendant at the time of the kill
ing has materially lessened. Many of
them were disqualified for the reason that
they had formed opinions from . news
paper items read by them. The jury
sworn to try the case is composed of the
following men:
David Barre, Alexander Moore, John
Kerr, Samuel Nash Jr., K. Schubert, K.
Dulac, W. H. Adams. Eugene O'N.eill,
George p. Adair, John Kowell, J. M.
Beckley and r. 1.. Wood.
In Ins opening statement to the jury
District Attorney Bullock told them that
he would not ask for a conviction of
murder, but that from the evidence that
should be introduced he would expect a
verdict of manslaughter. In the first
trial none of the jurors voted for murder,
though nix st. M>d for manslaughter.
The lirst witness called by the prosecu
tion was \v. is. Gilbert, County Surveyor.
The purpose of this testimony was to
identity and explain a drawing and plan
of the territory in the. neigh oor hood of
the White House anil Belli's store at
Colma, where ilie shooting occurred.
The only other witness examined to-day
was John \ accari, the young man who
was driving the team in which young
Johnston was riding at the time he was
shot. Vacccari and a young man by the
name of Henry Jensen, who was also in
the wagon, are the two principal wit
nesses tor the prosecution. Vaccari was
put through a severe cross-examination
by Mr. Walker, who with B. R Kilz
patrick, is conducting the defense.
On his direct examination Jenaon testi
fied that he was working for a man by
the name of Bauman on the lMh of last'
March and on the evening of that day
tie left the ranch of Mr. Bauman in com
pany with James Johnston and v man by
the name of Furger for Belli's store in
Colma to get some hay. When he reached
the switch near the White House he
stopped to let Mr. Kuriier off the wagon,
and there took on young Jensen, the lat
ter accompanying him and Johnston to
the store. Opposite the White House a
man Btepped out toward the wagon and
then back again. He passed the man a
few feet, when a shot was fired. He kept
on, and a s* bond shot was tired. By
this time he had almost reached the store
and was making a long turn when a third
shot was tired, and it was then that
Janus Johnston called out, "I'm shot.",
Johnston jumped from the wagon and ran
to the porch of the store and grasped the
iron bars on the window with one hand.
Tht other hand he held to the back of his
neck. Witness said he jumped from the
wagon and went to the assistance of the
wounded boy. He had no more than
reached him when Desirello ran up. About
the same time defendant's wife appeared
and said to her husband: "My God,
Frank, what have you done?" to which
he replied: "1 don't give a ; 1 shot to
kill. " Witness was about to testify that
he was rebuking Desirello for shooting at
them, but the court ruled the testimony
I out.
Dpsirello. according to thp witness,
! caught Johnston as he was about to fall
and held him In his arms, at the same
time asking his wife for some whisky.
A crowd Soon gathered around and he
was sent to Ocean View for a doctor.
When he returned the boy was dead.
I'pon cross-examination the witness ad
mitted that Desnollo said he shot to kill
the horses and meant the boys no harm.
Up further admitted that at the Coroner's
Inquest and at the preliminary examina
tion he had testified that the defendant
had said he shot to kill. This admission
is in line with the defense made by de
fendant on the first trial.
Henry Jensen will be examined in the
morning. The case will probably go to
the jury some time on Friday.
DIG A TUNNEL
TO ESCAPE
Vain Attempt of Bull
Pen Prisoners.
Special I>i!:.atrh to The Call.
AVARDNER, Idaho, Sept. 19.— Only th« i
vigilance of Sergeant Elltchman prevented -,
the larger portion of the prisoners now
In custody at the bullpen rmm disappear
i ins into the night. Sergeant Elttchman
was BUBpi clous that some movement was
! on, and began a search, ruder the floor
of the lift bunkhouse, in the northeast
corner of the Inclosure, he found a large
quantity of new <lirt. There was also a I
new ii"i there, into which one of the sol-;
i diers descended and made an exploration.
The men in search of liberty had bur
; rowed for a distance of sixty-five feet in
, the hard soil characteristic of ihls partjc
' ular locality, and had only thirty feet I
! more to go when the tunnel would have j
; brought them to daylight under the bluff,
I screened from the observation of the men
guarding them. The tunnel was about
' twenty-five inches In diameter, of neces- j
I slty untlmbered, and was just large
enough for a man to crawl along.
Tools had been constructed in an mi
i genlous manner. An Improvised box was
put on runners. To each end a long rope
was attached, the rope being made of
spliced pieces. One man burrowed, using
for a light a candle placed in the bottom
!of a broken bottle. When he had filled
| the box with dirt the man at the other
1 end, at a signal, would haul the box to the
bunkhouse, empty it, and the burrower ■
would haul it back and fill it again. A i
butcherkn-fe. a crowbar, twisted wire and j
j other similar appurtenances were used by
the man underground. He made fast (
■ progress, for it is known that the work i
I had continued only two days. The tunnel
! was so small that the man working in
side had to crawl out on his stomach when
! he had completed his shift.
WORKMEN OF FEDERAL
BUILDING ON A STRIKE
Bricklayers and Stonemasons Object
to Work Done by Non-Union
Men on a Cornerstone.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19*-A formal strike of
bricklayers and stonemasons employed
on the new Federal building was ordered
to-day. The foundation for the corner
stone, which is to be laid by President
McKinley during the fall festival in Oc
tober, was built last Sunday. The work
was done by union masons, but under a
sub-contract from John R. Peirce. who
has the contract for the stone "work of
the Federal building. Few men are af
fected, but unless the strike is settled
it will probably prevent the laying of the
cornerstone.
The strike grievance will be brought
before the Building and Trades Council
Friday night, and unless the disagree
ment between the labor unions and Con
tractor Peirce over the cornerstone,
which it is claimed was cut by non-union
labor, is settled all work on the postoffice
will be stopped.
New Cases of Yellow Fever.
KEY WEST. Sept. 19.— Thirty-one new
cases of yellow fever were reported in the
past twenty-four hours and one death.
SUMMONSES ISSUED
FOR CABINET COUNCIL
England and the Transvaal Continue
Making Preparations for War.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— Summonses were !
issued late this afternoon for a Cabinet
council which It is understood will be
I held Friday. This is regarded as the j
1 result of the visit of the Premier, Lord i
1 Salisbury, to London, whither he came |
I this afternoon, remaining at fhe For
eign Office from 4:30 p.. m. to 6:30 p.
Im. Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, was present in
the building at the same time, and as j
a private doorway connects the offices
it is presumed that the summonses
were the result of their joint delibera
tion.
The lack of all excitement in official
j circles bears evidence to the deliberate
' manner in which the highest officials
j are handling the crisis. Nor is it by
| any means certain that the Cabinet
| council will adopt extreme measures,
in spite of the uncompromising nature
of the Boer reply. This deliberation on
i the part of the Government is inter
! preted not only in London but in other
: European capitals as a desire on the
part of Great Britain to gain time while
the troops are hurrying to Cape Colony.
The Berliner Ntuieste Nachrichten,
j commenting on this to-day, says: "The
present calm is only meant to deceive
the Boers. When' England feels equal
to the task of facing the Boers this
I peaceful tone will give way to a blatant
i cry for war."
Even rumors of a movement of the
' Boers across the Natal border appar
! ently fail to excite the military authori
j ties here, who profess at least not to
fear such a contingency for the present.
In the meantime the movement of
troops proceeds. The Royal West Sus
; sex Regiment left to-day for Malta,
where it will replace the first border
i regiment, which goes by the same
j steamer to Natal.
It is announced this afternoon that
the British first-class protected cruisers
■ Terrible and Powerful have been or
dered to the Cape. They have reliefs
! on board capable of forming a naval
brigade of a thousand men.
Ine steamer Jelunga will take 500
troops bound for Natal to-morrow, and
sly will embark a rifle brigade at the
• island of Crete for the Cape.
According to a dispatch from Dur
ban, Natal, the Premier of the Colony
says that the alarm of the people of
Natal at the unprotected condition of
■ the border towns is quite unwarranted
and that all efforts to incite the Zulus
; have failed.
The lull in the crjsis gives opportunity
TO EXPERIMENT WITH
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Orders Issued for Captain George
Squier of the Signal Corps to
Commence the Work.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Wireless tel
egraphy is to be given a practical trial in
the vicinity of New York by the sipnal
i corns of the army. Secretary Root to-day
i Issued this order:
"Captain George O. Squier, United
! States Volunteer Signal Corps, will pro
ceed from this city to New York City and
Fire Island, New York, and Navesink.
New Jersey, "ii official business pertain
ing to the signal corps of the army, and
on the completion of this duty will return
to his station In this city via New York
City. N. Y. The travel is necessary for
i public service."
The extent of the experiments Captain
| Squier will make has not been det.r
mined, but he will make all necessan ar-
I rangements and report their completion
at the department. Experiments by the
signal corps with wireless telegraphy up
to this time have been confined to efforts
made to communicate between the depart
ment and Port Meyer, a distance of four
miles and the results have been quite
satisfactory. Better results are expected
1 in the proposed experiments, because of
more favorable conditions under which
they will be made.
PRINCE AND PRINCESS
IN A TRAIN COLLISION
: While on Their Way to Visit Queen
Victoria the Royal Carriage Is
Half Telescoped.
PKRTH, Scotland, Sept. 19.— Prince and
PrtnccFS Hohenlohe-Langenburg (the lat
ter third daughter of the Duke and Duch
ess of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha) met with
what might have been a serious accident
while going to IJalmoral to visit Queen
Victoria to-day Their train collided with
another train at the Btatlon. The royal
I carriage was half telescoped. As the
I'rlnre and Princess occupied the rear
end Of the car. they suffered only a se
vere shaking up and proceeded to Bal
moral No one was seriously injured.
THOUSANDS PERISHED IN
TYPHOONS IN JAPAN
Empress Dowager of China Reported
to Be Very Seriously
111.
VICTORIA, B. C Sept. 13.— Over 30 K) !
persons arc dead and missing as a result
[ of the recent typhoons in Japan, accord
ing to advices brought to-day by the
I steamer Empress of India from the
Much damage to shipping is re
f ported
' The Empress Dowager of China Is said
| to be seriously ill. Li Hung Chang has
been recalled to power.
ADMIRAL MONTEJO
ON TRIAL IN MADRID
Prosecution Asks for a Sentence of
Imprisonment for the Re
mainder of His Life.
MADRID. Sept. 19.— The trial of Ad
miral tfontejo, former chief in command
of Spain's naval forces in the Philippines,
who surrendered to Admiral Dewey after
the destruction of the Spanish fleet in the
battle of Cavlte. began here to-day.
The prosecution demanded a sentence of
imprisonment for life, with dismissal from
the service. The defense will be pre
sented to-morrow.
Home From Manila.
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 19.— Among the
■ ♦ . ,
For a run to Vichy Springs take the
Ukiah excursion Sunday, September 24.
Round trip to Ukiah $2. Leave Tiburon
ferry at 8:30 a. m. ♦
"He is Wise Who
Talks But Little."
This is only a half truth. If 'wise men
had held their tongues, 'we should knoio
nothing about the circulation of the blood.
If it 'were not for this advertisement you
might never know that Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla is the best blood medicine.
for the continuance o-f unortlciai nego
tiations. The Government of the Neth
erlands is privately exerting its influ
ence in favor of a pacific solution, and
it is understood that President Kruger,
through Dr. Leyds, the plenipotentiary
of the South African republic to the
European Governments, has unofficially
approached three powers with a view to
their intervention.
From Cape Town comes a report that
the Government of the colony contem
plates Introducing a motion in the Cape
Ht.-use of Assembly, urging the Trans
vaal to accept the demands of Great
Britain.
Sir Alfred Milner has addressed fur
ther inquiries to President Steyn of the
Orange Free State. Whatever the offi
cial attitude of the Orange Free State
may be, the temper of its burghers,
judging from numerous meetings held
in Bloemfontein and elsewhere, is to as
sist the Transvaal actively.
The Free State commandants in Pre
toria are discussing the position with
the Transvaal commandant-general,
and the meeting of the Free State
Volksraad to-morrow (Thursday) will
have an important influence on the sit
uation.
A curious rumor Is spreading In the
lower ranks of the army that Great
Britain will be involved with Afghan
istan as well as the Transvaal.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail
at Pietermaritzburg. Natal, telegraphs
that the military authorities there have
received warning from Johannesburg
that the Boers have purchased consid
erable quantities of oynadide of potas
sium for the purpose of poisoning: the
streams in the Transvaal likely to be
used by the British ti'oops.
Other special dispatches report vari
ous details of preparations for war on
both sides. Boer troops now control
both the Beira and Newcastle railways
as they enter Transvaal territory.
PRETORIA, Sept. 19.— The reply of
th ■ Government to the latest British
note is variously commented upon, but
the Pretoria Press, printed in English
and Dutch, and other papers profess
to believe that a joint commission will
yet be held and there is still a possi
bility that an understanding will be
reached.
The Volkstein declares that in the
event of war Holland will send an
ambulance corps to the Transvaal.
The Volksraad, as a matter of urg
ency, to-day referred the new draft
law, providing for the confiscation of
the property of persons found guilty of
treason and lese majeste, to a special
committee for consideration and report.
At the request of President Kruger
the Chamber then went into secret ses
sion.
passengers of the Empress of India,
which arrived from the Orient to-day,
were T. H. De Witt Veeder. who has
been working with Lieutenant Hobson.
raising and repairing Spanish vessels de
stroyed by Admiral Dewey; and Arthur
Peterson, paymaster of the I'nited States
steamship Baltimore. Veeder says that
but three of the vessels now at Hong
kong will be of any use to the United
Slates— the Don Juan de Austria, Isla de
Cuba and Isla de Luzon.
Oil Works Burned.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. M.— The oil
ery owned by the Fraser River oil and
I guano syndicate situated opposite Land
ner's Landing caught fire this morning
and was almost totally destroyed. H. Y.
Edmunds, manager of the company, says
the loss exceeds $50,000. covered by Insur
ance.
. PARALYSIS
jggjL MAY COME
2-^s*^ FROM
rfHS^^W- WEAK
j^j/^l NERVES.
mBSImHHHF\ \ Paralysis, Partial
«E«R®*|fr7KgJ * 1 Paralysis and Loco-
fijßßWHHr iß»g\ diseases of are
hBMsfwSB iT nerves and nerve-
HBBMlSliBiMl Ck centers. These moot
Hwt use K^. serious dlseatted may
BBUBbS \Wfe;> come as a rtsult V
3S "'^ V^^E^ I overwork or ovrr-
>lGiiiM'i'»^^M«S^T taxed nerves.
raaaß^ There are always
■pSBmSRAI \ warning sympto-ris
StfrW^TSJ'ai t0 t(J " one ot the
iHSJfiNni I coming danger, the
more important of
CS££VBi»3> which aro defective
M? 2? 1%5a hoarinp and thfob-
-Bajw l>iup: In f-ars (Fip. 1),
|^» *» defective vision ami
EgSf ■« twitching of eyelids
Ka K2 <Flg. 2), disordered
■EjR EM digestion and sore-
gi E3 '■•■ - of stomach
X? B?l 'Fig- 3). ab?<>nce of
Kw ES knr^-jerk (Fis. 4),
P« El pains along shins
Kg (Fig. ,'jV pain? In feet
Spv I*'1 *' very Important
O»SS»^ jtUB symptom Is palplta-
'Kg tlon or fluttering of
xf heart and pain In
left side (Fig. 7).
If you suffer with any of these symptoms
then you need HUDYAN. HUDYAN will cure
you, because HUDYAN gives strength and tone
to the nerves and nerve-centers. HUDYAN is
nature's nerve and tissue builder.
If you take HUDYAN, your fears of danger
will soon be removed, for HUDYAN will make
you feel like a new being. HUDYAN gives a
renewed impetus to the circulation and en-
riches the blood, and this Imparts health and
strength to the entire system. HUDYAN puri-
fies the blood, and Is a gentle laxative. HUD-
VAX establishes a perfect digestion.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist doe? not keep HUDTAN
aend direct to. the HUDYAN REMEDY COM-
PANY, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
Btreets, San Francisco, Cal.
Consult the HITDYAN Doctors
About Your Case, ■ Free of Charge.
Call or Write.
00000000000000 OO O O
»i» PALACE a "p%
%CRAND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO JJ
■ Connected by a covered passageway. ®
P. 1400 Room?— w: h 3ath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
( O. ..:•"*.:' NOTE THE PBI0E8: [ O
|Q European Plan. per day and upward Q
>5 American Plan. #l.oo per day and upward Z.
!** Correspondence Solicited. O
jO JOHN 0. KIRSPATRICK Xanagtr. O
o o 0000 OOP 00 000000
gft Chtchcatcrt EncUah Diamond Brand. -
P Ohlolieatei's Kr. !l.h Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
W^/^S^. «O'Ur'"«l ■■* Only eeonh>«. A
Sk bOXBi ' stalod w ' th hii^rlh'^^ °T«LeVW
Tl *^Wjno other. Refuse dangtrot. . ,vtt,n£ V
————— — — ,
jBBHr •° lto5 t ) V«-^ Hlnten. nnn»tur»i ,1^
ftSs* : &¥«»' «"° ;; —
|v 1 _ n "^ "• l i oa ot mucous mem-
ESITHEtVANSCHEMICiLCo. branes. Non-astringent
WaiCiNCiNHATI.O Sold by i>mk'Kisl
WH^l-'- '• >> - Am VI Bent in P'»'n wrapper,
iKfl^^^ •?A.- expre ' si i Prepaid. fo»
»- w %* ■ Circular Mat mtjJM^ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
60 Days Ago
I Was Fat,
NOW I AM 27 POUNDS
LIGHTER,
I By Using Dr. Edison's Obesity
Pills and Obesity Salt— Twenty
! years' test.
Best and safest — never injures
; the health.
Gives strength and health while
reducing flesh.
JAMES Z. COMBS,
Sanitary Inspector U. S. Army.
TRY THEM YOURSELF
READ THESE TESTIMONIALS:
"We offer $100 00 in gold to any one
who can prove that these testimonials
are not genuine:
Mr. James Rhlnd, 421 W. 3Sth St., N.
Y. City, lost 21 pounds on a month"-.;
treatment.
Mr. C. B. Brady. 906 E. 6th St., Aus-
i tin, Tex., reduced 72 pounds in 3
j months on Reducing Tablets and Obe-
sity Band. Abdomen reduced 6 inches.
Mrs. Emma LeFevre, 108 W. 89th St.,
N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and 2V2
inches in -waist measure on first
month's treatment.
Sam'l Robinson, Policeman of the
I Central Detail, stationed Washington
: and State Sts.. Chicago. Reduced 25
1 pounds in twenty-six days.
Mrs. G. E. Gregory, Dresden, Kas.,
reduced from IS2 to 165 pounds on two
bottles of Reducing Tablets and is con-
vinced that the cure is permanent.
M. Theadon, 481 Grand Aye., Chicago,
! took two months' treatment and was
! reduced 40 pounds and cured of rheu-
matism and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. White, Park City, Utah.
! My testimonial is that I have taken
' your combined treatment and have
; lost 26 pounds in one month. Never felt
i better in my life and think it is a great
remedy.
F. O. Woodman, 441 3Sth St., Chicago
i (prominent Odd Fellow), Supt. Freed-
man Mfg. Co., Stock Yards, Chicago,
1 reduced 51 pounds in weight and 13
i inches at waist line in five weeks by
: Dr. Edison's treatment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbell, 516 E. South
! St., Warren, 0., was reduced from 175
ito 125 pounds by using one month's
treatment of Pills and Reducing Tab-
j lets. Can walk long distances and
feels better in many other ways.
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt,
j $1.00 a package: Pills, $1.50, or 3 for
$4.00. At all first-class druggists and
1 by mail.
SEND FOR BOOK ON OBESITY.
Loping & Co., Ltd., Dept. 136,
No. 42 W. 22d st., near 6th aye.. New York.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
■ OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-. - ..
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London, England (established 1782), on
the 31st day of December. A. D. 1898, and
i for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
f ornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
I Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
; Cash
ASSETS. " ;. "■
| Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ■<
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $2,224,157 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bands. Stocks and other mar-
! ketable securities as collateral
; Cash in Company's Office 13.960 50
Cash In Banks 312,672 81
Interest due and accrued on all
Sleeks and Loans 24.610 00
Cash in hands ol United States
• Trustees BSO.IOT 53
! Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 164,566 c*
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks »
; Rents due and accrued
i Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..$8.120.075 08
LIABILITIES. . ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 24,104 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 155.273 GO
Losses resisted. including expenses... 24,45 a 00 ■
i Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
-1 ning one year or less. $1,500,701 02;
1 reinsurance 50 per cent 750,150 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • -:r- ; :» ';
ning more than one year. $1,173,-
-265 64: reinsurance pro rata t36,OtS 89
Gross premiums on Marine and In- *
land Navigation Risks: $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; : reinsurance 50
per cent '••• f ■
All other demands against the Com-. ■ ■
pany m.a.i m
Total Liabilities ..t1. 748. 145 53
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ......H.39J.48S 89
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ii'"£ — '„'*
Received for interest on Bonds ana
Mortgages " Vnterest ' and ' dlvldenda
Received for Interest and dlv , ia , en *'
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from .*
all other sources ••••••• • • ; ■ • • •:; 7S - m 3S
Received for profit on sale of secJr ] M9g 0 -
Received ' from 'aii' other source. 3.363 19
Total income -0.075.700 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
ouf^ari 2 ) 89 ' 742 ' • — ••• •- •"""n.Wa.TU 93
Net amount Paid for Marine Losses
! (Including $— losses Of _
previous years) •••■••••■•• -' ■ - ---
? aTd de o n r dS al\o^ OC r k rcrm. 6 Vion'-o r .
1 pMr^aUrlVs ■ • Fees' -and -other **•** ™
i charges for officers, clerks etc... 136,134 17
P « State, National and local
j All other' payments' and expenditures. 210.091 09
Total Expenditures ..$2.027.431 82
Total £.xp<=" •
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,158,818 99
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks =. :.
! written during tho
year ••••••• $385,433,30« $3,003,947 28
Net amount of Risks .
expired during the „■ -..:
year i 403.281.282 3,208.248 54
Net amount in force ..
December 31. 1898 289.855.424 2.673,366,68
E. B. CLARK. Assistant Manager. ■
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2Sth
day of January. 1899. * ■ Vv
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public, .
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
■■ V . '-'. BAN FRANCISCO. •DREYFUS TO BE PARDONED,
DEATH OF M. SCHEURER-KESTNER,
M. GUERIN HAS SURRENDERED
Three Thrilling New
Chapters Added to
the Drama That Has
Stirred the French
People.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦4
♦ 4
4- PARIS, Sept. 19.— Before Pres- 4
♦ ldent Loubet could exercise the 4
♦• right to pardon Captain Dreyfus -f
4 the latter had to withdraw his 4
♦■ appeal to the Council of Revi- 4
4 Finn. Dreyfus will be released on 4
4 Thursday. He will still, how- 4
4 ever, have the right to appeal to 4
4 the Court of Cassation to have 4
4 the judgment of the Rennes 4
4 court-martial declared void and 4
4 his innocence proclaimed. This 4
4 right he intends to exercise. 4
♦ 4
♦44444444444444444
PARIS. Sept. 19.— The Council of
Minister? decided to-day to pardon
Dreyfus in principle. The pardon
will take effect in a few days.
Dreyfus has relinquished his appeal for
a reversal of the Judgment of the court
martial.
It is Bald that Dreyfus will be sent
abroad before the promulgation of his
pardon in order to avoid demonstra
tions.
"In principle" is an idiom sometimes
used in semi-official announcements of
forthcoming actions. It Beems to have
but light bearing on the matter, except,
perhaps, that it implies the fulfillment
of various formalities before the par
don is actually issued, therefore quali
fying: the announcement of the pardon
with slight tentativeness. It is not
known yet whether the pardon includes
amnesty.
There is much remark here on the
strange coincidence of the death of M.
Seheurer-Kestner, the first champion of
Dreyfus, and to whom Dreyfus will vir
tually owe his freedom, on the very day
the Cabinet d< cided to pardon the pris
oner.
The decision of the Cabinet to par
don Dreyfus created less interest in
Paris than would the result of a big
horse race. In fact, it may hi> said that
it caused no excitement whatever.
There was n<> riotinp: on the boulevards.
In front of the offices of the Libre Pa
rule, where a crowd usually assembles
in the evening to gaze upon the huge
rendes outside th^ win
dows of the leading anti-Semite orean.
there was not the slightest gathering
or the faintest sign of demonstration,
either for or against Dreyfus.
would think that the fire of the
Dreyfus agitation had burned itself out.
The anti-Dreyfusard evening papers
to infuse Interest Into the Gov
ent's action by a rabid attack
upon President Loubet, but their efforts
were futile. The peaceful crowds that
filled the tables in front of the cafes,
u r their after-dinner coffee, lodked
at th< ys who displayed the
: 1,. Be Bheets w ith th"ir
violent headlines, but utterly refused
t.p p. Tlv majority did not
even discuss the matter or only made
the passing remark that the decision
was just as had been expected and pre
dicted by every Parisian newspaper
since the Rennes court-martial deliv
ts verdict.
The anti-Dreyfusard newspaper, Poir. ;
had the most sensational caption, two
lin^s of enormous letters extending :
- the entire front page announc- !
ing "The Traitor Dreyfus Pardoned;
Outrage on the Army." Then, in the j
of an article violently attacking
President Loubet, it said: "Loubet has
given himself a coup de grace in par
doning Dreyfus. H* should be prose
for committing an outrage upon !
rmy, for his decision amounts to j
By a Btroke of the pen he has !
■. ( (1 tht- effect of the sentences of
two court-martials and has declared:
that two military courts have lied."
Th" Boir adds: "The affair has be
grave when th<- chief of state as
the leadership of the antl-rnili- j
tary movement and pardons a con
, traitor under the pretext that
he has been condemned twice instead
of once."
The Press this evening says: "Drey
fus withdrew his appeal to-day. This
was the 'various formalities' mentioned
In the official communication as re
maining to be fulfilled before the par
don could be signed. The traitor will
GUERIN AND COMPANIONS
SURRENDER TO THE POLICE
rhe Six Weeks 1 Siege of "Fort Chabrol" Ends in
a Sublimely Ridiculous Style.
PARIS Sept. 20. — M. Guerin surrendered at five minutes to 4 o clock this
morning without firing a shot, and was conveyed to prison. His com
panions, fourteen in number, were allowed to go free. Thus the six
weeks 1 siege ended in sublimely ridiculous style.
Preparations were made to storm "Fort Chabrol." Guerin's strong
hold. At half past 2 o'clock this morning the colonel of the Garde Republi
calne accompanied by two officers, arrived at "Fort Chabrol," followed later
by a body of mounted guards and a company of guards afoot. At a Quar
ter past :, fours' ated cabs arrived with an ambulance to take off the pris
oners and wounded in case of an assault. A company of engineers from
Versatile* a company of firemen and a prefect of police next came. Prep
arations were then made to take the fort after three summones by roll of
drum. Then the surrender was made.
Th.- Government had decided to flood the fort if Querin had refused to
surrender and had a couple of hundred firemen with steam pumps, fire es
capes ."iid miles of hose- All the buildings around were filled with police
and municipal guards. Guerin's house is lower than the surrounding edi
fices and the firemen were placed on upper stories of the latter, overlook
ing the fort, prepared to turn on the water as soon as the signal should be
Kiven. while below, in the street, the engines were snorting as the firemen
fed the furnaces and kept steam at top pressure.
Infantry officers and officers of the municipal guard paced up and down
during the hours of waiting, glancing up at the windows of the fort, from
which, in the dim, gray light of the early morning, could be distinguished
a black flag, hoisted from the second floor by Guerin, and a white sheet
hanging down with the device in black letters, "Vive I'Annee" and "A bas
les traiteurs."
When M. Guerin's companions separated they took coaches and were
driven *ff. Chanteloube joined his parents. Then the troops departed, fol
lowed by the municipal guards and the police, except a few who remained
in the Rue de Chabrol to keep order. An immense crowd lingered to
the end to watch the proceedings and then dispersed with little or no dis
turbance.
THE LATE M. SCHEURER-KESTNER.
DEATH CLAIMS THIS
DREYFUS CHAMPION
PARTS. Sept. 19. — M. Seheurer-Kestner. former vice president of the
Senate and a champion of Dreyfus, is dead. M. Scheurer-Kestner's
death was sudden. He had been ill during the last few days, but it
was not thought that his illness would prove fatal.
M. Auguste Seheurer-Kestner, the former vice president of the
French Senate and foremost champion of the cause of Dreyfus, was born
February 11. 1833, at Mulhouse, Alsace, from which place the Dreyfus fam
ily also hailed. He was president of the Chemical Society of Paris and
was a prominent member of a number of other societies. He was political
director of the Republique Francaise from 1579 to 1884, and was a Repub
lican in politics. He took a great interest in the improvement of the work
ing classes, and in I^." founded a co-operative, society for their benefit. His
republican ideas in I*>'> 7 caused him to be sentenced to four months' impris
onment and 2000 francs' fine. He was elected to the National Assembly in
1871, and in 1875 he was first elected to the Senate, of which he afterward
became one of th»- secretaries and eventually one of the vice presidents. He
was defeated for re-election as vice president January 13, IS9S. He has
written extensively on chemistry.
LONDON, Sept. lfl.— The afternoon newspapers comment chiefly upon
the death of M. Seheurer-Kestner, comparing its dramatic features with the
deaths of Nelson and Wolfe at the moment of victory. M. Seheurer-Kestner
had been suffering for two weeks from typhoid fever.
now be set free and be able to give
lectuns in England and America on the
secrets of the iron safe in the major
bureaux."
LONDON, Sept. 20.— The Rennes cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph,
wiring at 9 o'clock last evening, sain:
"There is reason to believe that Drey
fus is already out of prison and that
with his wif>- he will probably leave
Rennes to-night."
MARIE BARNA WEDS
A NEW YORK BANKER
NEWPORT, R. 1., Sept. 19.— Mips Mary
Elor.^ Barnard (Marie Barna) and Fnnk
Rupsnk. a New York banker, were mar
ried at 6 o'clock this afternoon at the resl
<l»'i>r>- of Dr. and -Mrs. A. V. Squire. Judge
Edward C. Duboia of the Supreme Court
of Rhode Island officiated. Rev. George
\v. Cutter of Charming Memorial Church
made an address and delivered the bene
diction. Mendelssohn's wedding march
was played for the entrance into the
drawing-room of the bridal party. The
house was charmingly decorated with
Bow< rs and electric lights.
Th>- bride's kowii \v:is of white Satin
faille, covered with mousseline d' 1 *n\r
ami point d'Algullle lace, richly embrold
f-r>'d in pearls. She <;irri<<l a bouquet of
forget-me-nots and wore a wreath of the
same flowers in her hair. Her only orna
ment was a diamond collar, a gift of the
groom.
Aft'-r a brief wedding tour Mr. and Mrs.
Russak will reside at I'J East Sixty-fifth
New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. 1899.
CLOSE CALL
OF TROOPS ON
MORGAN CITY
Transport Was Beached Just
as She Was About to
Go Down.
BsecUU IMsivitch to The fall.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 8, via Victoria,
B. C, Sept. 19.— Interesting details are
at hand of the wreck of th.-> American
transport Morgan City in the inland
i sea of Japan. It appears that it came
very near being an appalling catas
trophe.
Striking upon a reef at 3 o'clock in
. the morning the ship remained fast un
■ til daylight, when by adopting the ex
pedient of rushing the men alternately
; from one side to the other the ship was
j rolled from the rocks into deep water,
where she at once began to fill rapidly.
She headf^l for the shore of the island
of Inoshima, several miles distant,
sinking perceptibly with every yard of
progress. She reached the beach barely
; a minute before otherwise going under.
■ The discipline of the men was admir
; able and all were gotten ashore in
safety.
The seamanship shown appears not
i to have been so admirable, as no pre
! cautions were taken to make the bow
( fast to the shore after beaching. The
i day was spent in removing stores, the
| transport lying very nearly bow un
der, but well afloat in the afterpart.
Later In the afternoon, without warn
ing, she slid off the steep beach and
i sunk in about six fathoms. A more
favorable or picturesque spot for a
' shipwreck could scarcely be found. The
island of Inoshima is about a dozen
miles from Hiroshima, the chief city of
| the inland sea. Almost instantly came
■ aid from the Japanese authorities, the
■ cruiser Yosohome being at once dis
] patched and the Red Cross Society
1 sending a relief expedition. The troops
; are loud in their appreciation of Japan
i ese kindness.
A pleasant episode for the shlp-
I wrecked men was the passing of the
| scene by the Empress of India. She
stopped for some hours and proffered
everything which could foe done in the
way of aid.
The damage by the recent typhoon
which swept the whole southern portion
: of Japan is even greater than at first
! reported. The appalling subsidence of
; the Bosshi mine in the island of Shiko
!ku entailed the loss of 600 lives. From
s<>me parts of the south reports still
| come in of hundreds of houses de
i stroyed, while every prefecture counts
jby hundreds its dead. An interesting
: incident in the Besshi mine catastrophe
was the final saving of five miners who
had been imprisoned in the earth for
Fix days by the caving In of the en
trance. ____^
Florence Marryat Dying.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— Florence Marryat
(Mrs. Francis L*>an), the novelist, ia dy
ing at Brighton, England.
FILIPINOS
MAY RELEASE
PRISONERS
Ask for Permission to Hold
a Conference With Gen
eral Otis.
SDeclal Dispatch to The Coll.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Secretary
Root to-day received a cablegram from
General Otis that seemed to indicate a
weakening on the part of the insur
gents In Luzon. It contained a proffer
to deliver the American prisoners who
have been for bo many months in the
hands of the insurgents, and also
sought permission to parley with Gen
eral Otis.
This cablegram was at once taken by
Secretary Root over to the Cabinet
meeting and formed the main topic for
discussion at the beginning of the Cab
inet session. However, upon reading ,
the message carefully its apparent ira
' portance seemed to diminish.
Secretary Root himself did not regard
the matter as of Importance at this
j'time. He recalled frequent efforts on
the part of the insurgents In the past
to gain time at critical moments by
! opening negotiations, ostensibly with
i the object of making $eace, and +ie was J
! not sure but this last offer wate some
thing of the same kind. However, the
! Secretary was of the opinion that it \
■ would fail to afford the insurgents any
I advantage. General Otis would receive
' any messenger and listen to him and
; make answer to his proposals, but this j
; would not restrain the military opera- i
tions in the slightest degree, and the
American arms would lose no ground,
no matter how the negotiations turned I
' out. There is a possibility also that the
! Insurgents may have become disheart-
I ened at the renewed and intense actlv
| ity in the direction of reinforcing Gen
i eral Otis and concluded, in view of the I
j great force gathering to open the cam- |
paign in the dry season, that further
! resistance would be useless.
It is pointed out as a noticeable fact
I that Aguinaldo's name does not appear
1 in General Otis" dispatch, and though
I this may not be of great significance.
i still among some of the army officials
! it Is surmised that there are serious
i dissensions among the insurgents and
I that, perhaps, some of the discordant
L elements are acting on their own re
sponsibility. The text of the dispatch
is as follows:
MANILA Sept. 19.— Adjutant General,
Washington: General Mac-Arthur reports ,
from Angeles the visit of two insurgent ;
. officers with a rr;iu<-st for permission to
send Into our lines American prisoners
mill :•' send to Manila a prominent Insur
| gent general officer for a conference. The
requested Interview was granted and the j
: Insurgent officers at Angeles return north j
this morning with Information. OTIS.
The capture of Lieutenant Gilrnore j
and his party was one of the most stir
ring incidents of the insurrection. It
occurred while the cruiser Yorktown
j was making a survey of the western
j coast of Luzon with a view to locating
some of the detached Spanish garrisons
which had long been cut off from the
populous centers. It was known that
a Spanish garrison had been SUITOUnd
! t-d at Baler, on the eastern coast, and
Lieutenant Gilmore, with a boat's party
from the Yorktown, was sent ashore to
reconnoiter the surrounding cotrntry.
He divided his command, one party re
maining near the shore, while another
pushed inland. This was the last heard
of the lieutenant and the fifteen men
who accompanied him. The other mem-
J bers of the party waited for a long
time, but got no trace of their compan
ions, and finally were obliged to return
to the ship without them.
Admiral Dewey at once reported the
loss to the Navy Department and be
fore he left Manila used every possi
ble means to learn the condition of the
captive Americans. At first it was
feared they had lost their Jives, but
later definite information was received
that the following were alive at San
Isidro, an insurgent stronghold:
Lieutenant Gilmore, Chief quarter
master Walton. Sailmakers" Mate Paul
Vandoit, Coxswain John Elsworth, Ap
prentice Peterson (third class). Lands- |
man Silvio Hrisolez, Landsman Lvman
Paul Edwards and Landsman Fred An
derson.
Captain Charles M. Rockefeller of the
Nineteenth Infantry is also supposed
to be a prisoner with the insurgents.
He disappeared last April and no trace
of him has been discovered.
REORGANIZING THE
GUARD AT PASADENA
PASADENA. Sopt. 19.— Company I.
Seventh Regiment, National Guard of
Callforniu. reorganized this evening by
oloctiiiK vow officera :ni<i choosing for
captain Captain D. M. Greene, v veteran
of three wars :m<l pernaps the oldest man
in the National Guard service under the
staff.
Captain Greene has seen sixteen years
of actual service. He served in the war
of the rebellion in the riixth Regiment,
California Volunteers, and the late llum
boldt County Indian war. He was twice
mentioned for gallant service. He enlisted
in the Spanish war and was captain of a
troop in the Sixteenth I'nited States Cav
alry. He is f>2 years of age.
Three members of the company were
removed for the good of the company.
They attempted to break up the company
by blackballing applicants for member
ship.
CAPTAIN JOHNSON TO GO
TO THE PHILIPPINES
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 19.— Captain Ben
Johnson of this city, who served In Cuba,
has received instructions from the War
Department at Washington to report be
fore September 2f» to the general com
manding the Department of Colorado to be
ordered by him to the Philippines.
Captain Johnson will leave to-morrow
for San Francisco. He will leave for the
Philippines next Monday a;id will be as
signed to the staff of some one <of the gen
erals by Major General Otis.
RECEPTION AT SAN JOSE
TO THE VOLUNTEERS
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19.— The local Red
Cross Society is preparing to give a warm
reception to the 250 volunteers who will
come here Thursday. These are some of
the men who have returned from the Phil
ippines and are now -suiting at the Pre
sidio to be mustered out.
They will be served a bountiful lunch
in St. James Park and given a rfde about
the town and valley. Nothing will be left
undone to give them a day of pleasure.
ENGINEER JONES DIES
OF HIS INJURIES
Was Badly Scalded by Escaping
Steam in the Wreck at
Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 19.-A. P. Jones,
the engineer who was so frig-htfully
scalded by escaping steam in the collision
on the Southern Pacific near Capitola on
Tuesday last, died at half-past 6 last
evening at his home at Pajaro.
Jones had been a trusted employe of
the Southern Pacific for many years and
was very popular on the road.
WHITE MAN'S
BURDEN IN THE
PHILIPPINES
The Unitarian Club
Discusses It.
THE Duties of Civilized Nations To
ward the Uncivilized was the sub
ject for discussion last night at the
annual meeting of the Unitarian
Club of California. It was dis-
cussed at the Merchants' Club in
the Mutual Life building after one of the
most enjoyable dinners ever given by the
organization. Fully 200 members and
guests sat at table and enjoyed the dis
cussion that followed. President Sheldon
G. Kellogg presided, and arranged near
him were the gentlemen underlined for
addresses on the subject. Hon. John Bar
rett, ex-Minister to Siam. was at his left,
and Professor Thomas Bacon of the Uni
versity of California at his right. Many
other distinguished guests were present.
In announcing The subject for discussion
President Kellogg said it might properly
be called "the white man's burden," and
he called upon Professor Bacon to lend
the first hand to pass it along.
Professor Bacon opened with the state
ment that the question was by no means
a new one. Many solutions had been of
fered in times cone by, and now a new
solution was offernble. The problem first
arose, he said, when the first discoveries
of the lifteenth and sixteenth centuries
laid open to the east coast of Europe a
multitude of men, alien in race and color,
for whom no provision had been made in
the medieval system of European thought.
Rudely and crudely the Europeans of
those times set about solving the ques
tion what to do with them.
"The first answer," continued Professor
Bacon, "was direct and easy. It seems a
hard answer to us. It seems one which
could only be suggested by the cruelest
instincts of man, but we misjudge those
persons, who had to solve that problem
and solve it suddenly, if we suppose
that there was really in their heart no
gentleness, no consideration, no human
Instinct. Their theory of how the civil
ized races of the world ought to treat the
uncivilized races— how the white man
ought to treat the man that was not
white — was very simple; the white man
ought to enslave the black man. Every
consideration of interest and religion
pointed to this solution of the problem.
What arrangement corfld be better than
that which should give money to the
white man in this world and eternal sal
vation to the black man in the next?
"Portugal and Spain had been- the ex
ponents of this first theory and England
and Holland of the other," continued the
speaker. "Their theory was that they
should go out and seize the outlying
parts of the earth, inhabited or uninhabi
ted, and use them for their own behoof.
"Very little religious zeal," said Professor
Bacon, "went into the upbuilding of the
British Empire— very little religious zeal,
indeed. A few colonists on the east coast
of this continent were actuated by the
religious sense, and founded communities
for conscience sake; but mighty little re
ligion had that fine old pirate, Sir Fran
cis Drake, as he chased the galleons of
the Spanish king and captured them for
himself and his queen along the Spanish
main, or troubled the waters of the blue
Pacific with his heel."
What the English and Dutch adven
turers went for, said Professor Bacon,
was gain. It was on this principle, he as
serted, the British Empire in India was
built up.' He briefly traced the history
of English progress in the Far East, and
came again to the white man's burden.
He continued:
This new doctrine has grown quietly but
steadily. It has permeated the whole tf the
English people, but it has only come to our
notice lately when we became more inter
ested In those things that have found a
philosopher In Benjamin Kidd and a poet
in Itudyard KiplltiK. It is known to us as
the "White Man's Burden.'' Little signifi
cance It would have had for us it there was
not opening out a powerful sentiment
among the people who have most to do with
8 111 IL' 11 illSil ''/if/ "Yeargood" clothing Wj&
'!' makes more certain the p s
jgj "Hkl JjS || W'i\* chances of your being ffl
I? --^^ii3i^--^5 c satisfied because we have :jg
3| v__/ »>»-^ guarded against all im- jjS
I perfections in the making in order to protect both of vs — ||j
I to protect you against any unsatisfactory features, and ||
I likewise to protect us, for we stand good for the suit or §;
JH overcoat for a year after the purchase. g|
j§ '■?■'■ '■'■■' ■ vf
1 It is this certainty that is making "Yeargood" m
~M clothing sell so well, as everybody, be he rich or not, §1
•. m, appreciates being sure of his moneys worth. :
£ You can buy "Yeargood" clothing in as neat pat- Sfijj
§. terns, as many styles, and at as low prices as uncertain jg|
I clothing. m
$j Doesn't this protection fully warrant your trading |jj
fe liere ? h^ |1
1 Boys' Sailor Suits. 1
I We have just received a new line of them in all- pi
0 wool heavy serge of dark blue, neatiy trimmed with |§
If! soutache braid on collar and design on shield, in red, ||
Lg blue and black; price M&
I $4.00 a suit. . I
I (ffj) WOOD 6CO (If!) I
Jri^S XjVii^/ TIB MARKET ST \^LO^y
£",-{ . Out-of-town orders filled — write us. I
the settlement of the question of the duty
of civilize.! nations toward the uncivilized.
The theory of the white man's burden
may briefly be stated as this: It is the busi
ness and the interest and the duty of the
white man— that Is, the man of civilization,
to rule, to care for, to uplift, to enlighten
and to bring. If possible, into the light of
modern civilization the other man wherever
he is found; that It Is at once their interest
and their duty to do this, with violence,
with tact, with kindness, as each may be
necessary; to do It whether the other man
likes it or not; to do it at Infinite and im
measurable cost alike to the white man
and the other man. and, if possible, to lift
this lower, alien, colored race to something
like the plane of civilization which the most
advanced nations have reached. In the
meantime it !b the business of the civilized
races of the world— the most Civilized races
of the earth— to police the whole planet and
make people behave themselves Just as it is
the business of the best and most civilized
people of a community to police that wh >le
community so that the elements that are
disorderly and uncivilized shall be com
pelled to behave themselves. It is a part of
this theory that It Is the duty of the civil
ized nations to put an end to the nameless
horrors of heathen savagery and heathen
civilization wherever they exist.
Now. one word about the application of
thlfi doctrine of ours— and it's a very sad
subject, but it is a subject we have got to
discurs fairly and freely, and In which
every voice (jas got to be heard and every
honest man must have a right to express
his opinion, howover unpopular. Mr. I".!
--win Atkinson, with whom I differ greatly,
has got Just as much right, and Is* just as far
removed from any treasonable purposr- or
treasonable work or Influence as any other
man In this country. If the beginning of
our Imperial career Is going to be the sup
pression, either by law or by public
clamor, of absolutely free discussion of
every subject which can Involve the safety
and welfare of this nation, I say th» be
ginning of our imperial career is goinp to be
marked with a blnckneps that will blast
us altosether.
In regard to the Philippines— for. of
course, the Philippines is the subject of
Which we speak— riow did we get them? I
don't know. I didn't want them. I think
most of the intelligent men of this country
didn't want them, and as for the rest 'if
us. ns Mr. Dnuley expresses It. they don't
know the difference between the Philippines
and canned goods. Anil certainly if the
American people had any idea that the an
nexation of the Philippines would have r-jst
us one-half of what it baa already cfct i
us they never would have consented to it
If they had been consulted. Some people j
think that the annexation of the Philip
pines was providential. Perhaps the Lor.l
did It: perhaps the devil did it: perhaps
MrKinley did it. I don't know but I hi?
peet that all three hnd a hand in It, but I
do know that it's done and It can't be un
done.
The white man's burden In the. Philip- I
pines, Professor Bacon concluded, was j
' the day's work rut out for the people of
the United States.
"We have grit to do It patiently," he
said. "We have got to do it with perfect
consciousness of what it costs ami with
really no hope of reward except that of
our own consciences. But we are going
to do it."
Hon. John Barrett, ex-Minister to Siam,
was introduced as soon as the applause
at Professor Bacon's effort lad ceased.
Mr. Barrett told of his oflicial trawls in
the far East, especially in the Philip
i pines, and gave as his deduction from his
I observations that with proper men, not
politicians to educate the Filipino, he
would become a valuable acquisition to
the nation. On the score of morality In
the far East he said was not so cer- I
tain that the Asiatic might have a white
man's burden.
Professor H. S. Pritchett. Chief of the |
| United States Coast and Geodetic Survey,
I Rev. W. B. Geoghepan of Berkeley and .
Rev. Horatio Btebbins made short and i
loudly-applauded addresses on the sub
ject tinder discussion.
The election of the club was a unani- !
' mous indorsement of the selections of the !
nominating committee, the old board of j
officers being elected in most part. The i
new directory is as follows: Sheldon G. j
Kellogg, president; Warren Gregory, tirst
vice-president; S. C. Bigelow, second i
vice-president, W. H. Payson: secreUiry, ]
Edwin Fretwell, treasurer; A. G. Bells,
Edwin Bonnell, David Bush and F. W.
Moebus. ___^_________
Yesterday's Insolvents.
H. D. Morris and H. W. Morris, con
stituting the firm of 11. D. Morris <Sr Co.,
dealers in ateel rails, rubber goods and i
milling: and mining machinery at 141-143
First street, filed a petition in insolvency
in the United States District Court yes
terday. The partnership liabilities are
$16.596 51, and the assets $716f. 15. of which'
$6220 are open book accounts. The Indl- ■
virtual liabilities of H. D. Morris are j
$2»>Sl 2'">, no assets; and the individual lia- I
bilities of 11. W. Morris are $2027 13, with
no assets.
Charles A. I.or-kart of Mendocino Coun
ty, $1136; no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO
MORE
I UNION-
I CONSOLIDATED
I STOCK
At A lf% T7
|al Any
The developments in the
I affairs of this company during
| the last forty-eight hours have
§1 decided the Board of Directors
1 to withdraw our stock irom the
| market. Our expert has just re-
H turned from the inspection of
B oil properties, which have been
I found so valuable that, when
| added to the present holdings of
3 this company, will more than
I double the value of our stock.
31 We can now guarantee to be
H selling oil in the San Francisco
I market inside of ninety days.
I PERMANENTLY
I WITHDRAWN.
The first idea was to imms-
H diately withdraw the shares
I without notice, but it was fin-
I ally decided, in justice to those
I who have been in communica-
-1 tion with us, to set Saturday,
1 September 23d, midnight, as the
I time of withdrawal. Applica-
| tions received up to that time
| will be filled at $5 per share.
I After that time positively not
I one share of the Union-Consoli-
jg dated Oil and Transportation
I Company's stock will be again
I offered to the public at anyprice.
I Union-Consolidated Oil and
I Transportation Co.,
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAX FRANCISCO.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
460 TENTH STREET.
SXAXIBTVYEINX
— of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
, nectlcut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. JMi.s, and for the year ending on that day.
I as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of Calitornla, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections tilO and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $58,432 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.682,59100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 3.523 70
Cash in Banks 97,267 08
Interest due anil accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and mortgages 6,982 67
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 246.728 88
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re- I
Insurance on losses already paid....
• Total Assets „■ $2. 396. '.23 3<
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $11,984 21
Losses resisted, including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running •
one year or less, $54,944 67; rein-
surance 50 per cent 42,437 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
reinsurance pro rata 1,236,705 49
Total Liabilities $1,346,187 <V>
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $938,821
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 97.790 24
Received for profit on Securities
sold 1,057 48
Profit and Loss collected 350 00
Special Mechanical Services 1,977 13
Total Income $1,039.996 74
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) r.... $35,725 71
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 220.002 80
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43,504 68
Paid for Slate. National and local
taxes 27.552 03
Pnld for Inspections 829,107 33
All other payments and expenditures 155,121 03
Total Expenditures $891.393 65
Losses Incurred during the rear — $61,007 17
Risks and Premiums, j Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the]
year I $11!>.725.;59 $1,067,183 38
Net amount of Risks]
expired during the
year ' 114,059.200 1.012. 30
Net amount in force]
December SI. 1538...-I t00.000.0M I 2.E66.974 38
~~ J. M. ALLEN, President.
J. B. PIERCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1599.
HENRY E. TAINTOR.
Notary Public
MANN &~~WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SANSp/V\E ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
>jBg^DEWEY,STRONG &CO.>sg^
E ?PATENTSf i)
V2S/32G MARKET SLSf.^SiS^
34
SIR THOMAS LIPTON, OWNER OF THE SHAMROCK.
LONDON, Pf-pt. 19. — The EnpliPh pnjwrs have been printing ridiculous
ling the international yacht race. The Daily Mall,
which a short time ag'i seriously announce] that a number of Americans
had they could not discover the Shamrock's lines, to-day
pictures to whole "f New York in an almost similar condition. Baying the
at si emotional people in the world, and that in addition
Admiral Dewey*a coming has made th" people "frenzied
with i
ople take all this literally, and many unpleasant com
ment ems' lack of pelf-control are heard. Most ol the English
pai : .- to-day have specials Bpeaklng approvingly of the Shamrock's trial
. but the Times' correspon<lent cables that it compared unfavora
bly with the Columbia's performance under similar weather conditions.
TWO GOOD STAKE RACES.
King's High -way Goes to Ben Eder,
the Sea Breeze to Alpen.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Two stakes
were on tho card at ■ esend to-day—
the King's Highway hurdle handicap and
the Sea Breeze. Only three horses ac
cepted thr- conditions In each. The hur
dle race generated into a farce*. Ben
Eder was at prohibitive odds and had a
practical walkover, is be won by about
half a milo. Merlin refused at every
Jump and bolted twice, but managed to
get over them all at last and finished
second, as Life Guard, the only other
starter, fell at the hurdle in front of the
grand stand. Toluca was an odds-on fa
vorite for the Sea Breeze stakes, with
Alpen second choice. AJpen took the track
at the fall of the flag and was never
headed, winning eased up by two lengths
from Hurricane. Results:
The King's Highway hurdle handicap; mile
and thriH--f]uart<>rg— Ben Eder won, Merlin sec
ond, Life Guard third. Time, 3:53.
' MIL- and ■ sixteenth, selling— Cllnnella won,
Jefferson second, Dan Rice third. Time. 1:43.
Five and a half furlongs— Rlckton won,
Hami! norond, Kilmarnock third. Tlmo.
1:07 4-5.
The Sea Breese stakes; mile and a sixteenth,
selllru Alpen won. Hurricane second. Toluea
third Time. I:4' 2-5.
About six furlongs— Motley won, Reynolds
second, Herbert third. Time. 1:11 2-5.
A.bout six furi-.iiffs— Mai won. Monadour eeo
ond, lambent third. Time, 1:11 1-5.
CHICAGO Sept. 19.— T0-day's racing at
Harlem was good, bad and indifferent.
The track was deep with mud. Twenty
maid<>n two-year-olds floundered nine-
enths, of a mile in the first event and
Florinell II came home a handy winner.
Barrier and Nokomo were ruled out of
the second race as outlaws, because they
have raced over outlawed tracks. Four
were left to start and Jack Bradley was
Installed as favorite. The last race was
a desperate one. King's Highway, Molo
and Tapan finished in a bunch after a
fierce drive and King's Highway won.
Weather clear; track heavy. Results:
F-ur and a half furlongs— Florinell II won,
Antoinette second, Kitty <: third. Time, 1:00%.
Dependable Drugs
Prescription
Satisfaction
That a great many people are sat-
isfied with our way of filling pre-
scriptions is proven by the enormous
business we do.
. Our three stores filled, 91, 253 pre-
scriptions last — ending June Ist.
The reason : Dependable drugs,
experienced clerks, reasonable prices.
Lyon's Tooth Powder '•■ 20c
Castoria 25c
Lesley's Talcum Powder 10c
Cascarets 10c, 20c, 40c
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Carter's Liver Pills ■ 15c
Carter's Lithia Tablets 25c
Pond's Extract 40c
Extract of Witch Hazel pint 25c
Mermen's Powder 15c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Peruna 85c
1 1128 MARKET ST., S. F.
(rKftbt w?wlO TEL. SOUTH 358
;OTHfcBROADWAY(T«UM«'NBO»)OAKLAND
Mile and a half, selline-— Hoel won, Pete
Kitchen second. Long- Dandy third. Time,
2:5714.
Six furlong— Raker won, Verify sec
ond, J H C third. Time, 1:21.
One mile and seventy yards— lda Ledford
won. Mnnon^ah second. Florizar third. Time,
I 58%.
Six furlonga. for two-year-olds— Fullen
won, Bonnivard second. Decoy third. Time,
1:22*.
Mile and a sixteenth, polling— King's High
way won, Tappan second, Molo third.. Time,
l:lS*i.
TU'FFATvO. N. V.. Sept 19,-Rain. which
started rit 7 o'clock on Monday, continued
all day. nnd th<- Fort Erie tra^k was a
pea of mud. George Hendrle bought
ab at the auction sale in the morn-
Ing and won him out in the afternoon.
.Its:
Six furlongs — Waban won, Coosada second,
Dolly Regent third. Time, 1:22.
Five and a half furlongs— Pharoah won. Bar
barian second. Honest Run third. Time, 1:13V4-
Six furl'insrn— Also Ran 111 won, Flop sec
ond, Hapsburg; third. Time, L:I9V6.
Six furl"n£H -T> won, Ruxton second,
Louisville Belle third. Time. 1:20%:
Six and a half furlongs— Chancery won, Ban
tella second, American Kagle third. Time, 1:30.
Two miles— Acrobat won, Richardson second.
Devil's Dream third. Time, 3:52.
BROOKLYNS BEATEN
BY THE CHICAGOS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. 1,. Pet.
Brooklyn ...89 39 .695 ; Chicago 68 64 .516
Philadelphia 83 49 .629 Plttpburg ...63 7" .473
poston 81 51 .613 Louisville ..61 70 .466
Baltimore ..75 68 .BW New Y0rk... 53 76 .411
St Loulb 76 59 .663 Washington 49 80 .379
Cincinnati ..73 60 .649 Cleveland ...20 119 .144
imOOKLTN, Sept. IS.— Callahan's pitching
and Mertes' batting; were too much for the
crippled leaders to-day. Callahan allowed only
three hits, while Mertes" home run ami triple
brought in three of the four runs credited to
Chicago. The tie name of yesterday will not
be played off, the series being- finished at 8 to B
in favor of Brooklyn. Beck, from Toledo,
played his first game in a Brooklyn uniform
and fielded well, but could not hit. Attendance
1500. Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago „.— — — ~~.~ 4 6 0
Brooklyn 2 3 1
Batteries — Callnhan and Donahue; Hughes
and Farrell. Umpires— Latham and Connolly.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— New Yorks
proved an easy mark for the St. Louisiana to
day. The home team tried out two new field
ers, Woodruff and Fleming, late of Providence,
the latter doing fairly good work. Seymour
was relieved by Poheny in the fourth inning.
Tho game was called on account of darkness.
Attendance 530. Score:
Clubs— ; * . ■ R. H. E.
St. Louis 13 15 0
New York 2 8 3
Catteries— Sudhoff and O'Connor; ' Seymour,
Doheny and Warner. Umpire^Manasaau.
BOSTON, Sept. 19— Tioston batted I,eover at
will to-day and won In a canter. Meekfn
pitched a remarkably steady game, giving no
bases on balls and s4riking five men out. The
fu-I'llng by both sides was steady, though not
brilliant. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. J3.
Boston 9 14 2
Pittsburg 5 7 4
BattPrles— Meekln and Sullivan; Leevt-r and
Schrlver. Umpire* O'Day and McDonald.
I'HII-ADKLI'HIA, Sept. 19.— The Louipv!llf>-
Philadelphla ba*ebnll game to-day waa stopped
by rain in th<> thinl innlnp. Pitcher Al Maul,
!• oently released by tho Brooklyn club, has
been engaged by Philadelphia fur next season.
P.AI/TIMORE, Sept. IP— The Baltimore-Cin
cinnati same was postponed on account of rain.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— The Washln*ton-
Cleveland game was postponed on account of
rain.
Maccabee Night.
The Knights and Ladies of the several
tent* and hives of the Maccabees of thts
city, Oakland and Alameda have made
arrangf'inerits to have a Maccabee night
at. tlu- Mechanics' fair to-morrow, when
the degree team of tent and hive will
appear in the regalia of the order. There
will be a parade through the fair, be
ginning at 8:30 o'clock.
Marksmen Awarded Prizes.
The prizes won by the members of tho
Norddeuts< her Sehuetzen Club at their
annual prize shoot held last Sunday at
Shell Mound were formally distributed
to the successful marksmen at California
Hall last evening. A large number of In
vited guests and club members were
present to witness the distribution.
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
traye**
O'DONNELL
KNOCKED OUT
BY McCOY
Big Fellow Never Landed
a Good Blow, the Kid
Puzzling Him.
6l*clal Dlsoateh to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Kid McCoy
had little difficulty in petting away
with Steve O'Donnell in the arena of
the Broadway Athletic Club to-night.
Despite O'Drnnell's advantage of
height, reach and weight McCoy went
to him gradually without taking any
careless liberties and soon had his big
adversary in trouble.
O'Donnell never landed a good blow
on McCoy, while the KM was gaining
ground In each succeeding round. His
left was always getting to the face,
head or wind and O'Donnell was
puzzled. He staggered frequently, and
in the sixth round went down from a
left swing. He remained down as long
as the rules allowed, but it was all u\>
with the big fellow. McCoy went after
him with swinging lefts and rights and
coon floored him with a hard left swing,
from the effects of which he was unable
to recover until counted out.
Steve had to be assisted to his feet
by the referee, while McCoy walked to
his corner smiling and without a mark.
The betting opened at 3 to 1 on Me
Coy, but these odds were increased to
10 to 1, with very few takers.
Every inch of the vast seating space
In the clulihouse was occupied half an
hour after the doors were opened and
hundreds of people thronged the streets
in front of the building early, crowding
in for standing room. Since the club
house was opened th<re has never been
such a large attendance. The men were
introduced to go twenty rounds at
catchweights and both received a
hearty reception.
Round I— They sparred at long range for
some moments. Steve tried two lefts for
the body, hut failed to land. McCoy sent
two lefts to the face and landed a light
left swing to the iaw. Then he sent a
similar blow to the chin without getting
anything back from the big fellow.
O'Donnell was entirely on the defensive
and Mif. >v amused the crowd by giving
State three hard backhand slaps on the
face with his l«ft and put it in twice on
the nose lightly before th^ bell.
Roui,.! ■_ McCoy led a light left for the
face and then tried a right swing, which
Bt( ■ blocked. After some more spar
ring McCoy feinted with his left and
ihrt-w lils right over, but only landed on
the big fellow's should, r. U'Donnell, with
his advantage of reach ami height, was
unable to land on the Kid, who brought
tilt- blood from Steve's nose with a smart
left rap. McCoy was cautious and took
i.o chanced and held O'Donnell so safe
that Steve could not reach him.
Round ?,— One hundred to 20 was now
offered on McCoy without any takers.
The Kid opened with a light left to the
Deck and tried fur the body, but was
whort. They exchanged light lefts on the
he;id and McCoy shot his right to the
body. He followed quickly with a hard
swing on the jaw and O'Donnell stag
gered to the ropes. O'Donnell seemed ut
terly at a loss what to do, and McCoy
kept jabbing him with lefts on the face
and neck until the gong- interfered.
Round 4 — As usual, McCoy was on tho
aggressive and sent the left to the face.
Then he sent it to the body and failed
with Ills right for the wind. .Left and
right to the wind were McCoy's next con
tributions, after which Steve landed a
light left on the Kid's ear and a right
tan on the forehead. McCoy swung his
lelt to the jaw and jabbed another
straight on the mouth. Steve put a cou
ple of light lefts to the face, hut Mc-
Coy drove him to the ropes with a left
swing on the jaw and drove both hands
to the body in rapid succession, and
O'Donnell staggered to his corner.
Round 5— McCoy landed a left on the
jaw and then sent his left and right to
the body. Two left swings from the Kid
on the Jaw brought two rights from
O'Donnell, which touched up McCoy's
wild. Th» Kid then forced matters, send
ing left and right swings to the Jaw, and
put O'Donnell on the ropes, where Steve
clinched. The Kid in the breakaway
swung his left to the jaw lightly. They
came to the center of the ring only to bo
separated by the gong.
Round 6— McCoy opened with left and
right swings to the Jaw; then he stag
gered Steve to the ropes with a left on the
jaw. Two left Jabs to the body made
O'Donnell stagger. He came to the center
and the Kid sent him reeling and kept
slamming Steve around the ring with lefts
and rights. O'Donnell went down from r
left swing and took the limit to get up.
McCoy rushed at him as soon as he arose
and landed on him at will. A jab in the
stomach brought O'Donnell down to Me-
I'ny's height and then the Kid sailed in
with lefts and rights on the jaw. O'Don
nell was bleeding profusely from the nose
and mouth and was groggy. McCoy
finally put him down with a left swing
on the jaw and O'Donnell was counted
out. Time of round, 2 minutes 4S seconds.
After the men had returned to their
dressing-rooms McCoy said:
"I will post $1000 to-morrow to meet
i Bob F^zsimmons for the title of mid-
I die-weight champion of the world at
168 pounds. My money will remain up
for thirty days, and should Fitzslm
mons ignore my defl I will claim the
title aiid withdraw my money, after
which I will challenge Fitzsimmons at
catchweights. This ought to make him
come to time If he Intends fighting any
one. If he fails to defend the middle
weight championship, and I claim It, I
will defend it against all comers —
n'Kroes barred — at 158 pounds."
Billy Needham, late of St. Paul, and
Jim McKeever of Philadelphia sparred
a ten-round draw before the big bout.
J. TOD SLOAN WINS.
For the Avon Selling Nursery Plate
He Lands Doleful in Front.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— In tho race for the
Avon polling Nursery plate Doleful, ridden
by Tod Sloan, linished first. Lady Hugo
was second and the Sunbeam colt third.
Twelve horses ran. The betting was 4 to
1 ngainst Doleful.
Hirpham, ridden by Sloan, finished soc
ond for the Hindlip plate. Squire Jack
was the winner of this race and White
Frost finished third in a field of eight.
The betting was even money on Birpham.
The E&Stefl soiling plate was won by Fair
Penitent, with Sloan up. Muhegan was
second and Bayonne third. Ten horses
ran. The betting was 2 to 1 on Fair Peni
tent.
"Skeets" Martin, another American,
won tho lyepdp handicap at the Pontefraeh
autumn meeting on Hoylake. Miss Prim
rose WM second and Zoar third in a field
of six.
ORINDA PARLOR.
Delightful Social Function Given on
Its Anniversary.
There were many Native Sons and Na
tive Daughters last night in the beauti
fully decorated hall of the Native Sons'
building, on the occasion of the anniver
sary ball given by Orinda Parlor of tho
Native Daughters. This function, like
many that have preceded it, was most
enjoyable for the members of this par
lor are always up to the times in social
events, presenting on occasions like the
one last evening the newest dances. The
grand march was a very pretty sight and
was Joined by a great many couples.
Miss I,aura Utschig, the president of the
parlor, was tho floor manager, and Miss
Mac Mcßea her assistant. The commit
tee of arrangements was Miss Birdie
Mayer (chairman), Miss Anna Gruber,
Miss Hettie Burke. Mrs. Lena B. Mills
Mre. C. Gunther, Miss Mac Mcßae and
Miss Agnes Boyd.
EXCITING
FINISHES AT
STOCKTON
Tagalog Wins by a Nose,
Beating Out the Favorite
El Arte.
Ppe^ial Dlrratch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. 19.— Warm weather,
a track as fast as a bullet and two big
fields of well matched harness horses
combined to make the racing to-day at
the track the best seen on the circuit this
season, and it is doubtful if there has
been as many close and excitim? finishes
in one day for years as took place before
the 2:15 pace and the 2:12 trot were de
cided.
Tagalog was to the wire a nose in front
of the favorite, El Arte. in the flve-fUT
long scramble, nnd McFarlane won the
seven-furlong dash easily. Summaries: %
I'a.-ints, 2 1' r-lass; mile heats, best three in
five; purae, $1000.
F. A. Crawford'* Pnn, by Fal
roae-PrtmroM (Charles Hunch) 3 2 13 11
Kelly Hrlggs (S. H. Hey) 6 4 2 14!
Dlotatreip (S. K. Kent) 4 3 n 4 2
Arthur \V rQulnn) 2 7 8 6 6 •
Sandy Putnam a-ffrles) r > 3 5 6 «
Dtawood (Holmes) 1 1 * % \ '
Montecito Boy <M.>nchara) 8 8 7 7 T
Primrose (Blgelow) 5 5 6 T
•Ruled rut. tDistnnred.
Time— B:ll%. 8:11, 8:10, 2:12%, 2:15%, 2:lo.
Trotting, 2:12 class; mile heats, best three
in five; purse. $500.
Oaletto, by Jud Wllkes-Gale (Dur- *
fee) ; 2 112 1
Hazel Klnney (Maben) 5 5 2 13
Prince Gift (Kent) } J S r
Claudius (Barstow) ♦ * \ 3 •>
Neernut (Brook and Ford) 3 6 5 4 2
Boodle( Bunch) v 6 » , 5t 4
Tlme-2:12&. 2:12. 2:12%. 2:14*1. 2:15%. \
Five furlongs for maiden two-year-olds,
pursn $200— TaKaloer, by Fonso-Ray B (Fraw
ley), won; El Arte (Sullivan), second; Tres
Jolie (Tullett), third. Time, 1:03. Smith.
Afnmada, Falgtno, Gross and Electo C also
ran.
Seven furlong. pelllnK. for three-year-olds
and upward, purpe $i:<V-MrFarlane, by Man
n«r-Moi>nllKht (TulWO. won; Tenrloa (Maek
lln) fier-'Ti'l- Sea Spray (Fraser), third. Time.
1:88^4. Btromo, Colonel Pan, Jack McCabes and
Fred Gardner ni£r> ran
BILLY REED COACHES
A TEAM AT STANFORD
Babe Burnett Will Be Beady for
Work in a Very Few
Days.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. IS.—
Billy Reed, fullbark of Harvard's victor
ious team, appeared on tlv- football field to
night and took his position behind the line
for the edification of Stanford's gridiron
candidates. He went through the usual
practice movements with the team and
gave them the benefit of some of h!.« Har
vard experience. A? Reed left the field he
heartllv shook the hand of Chamberlin,
the man who gave him so much trouble
on th.' Vale line last Thanksgiving day.
Reed, who is 'me of America's foremost
ftthletes and captains, leaves his Relmont
home to-morrow for Harvard, where he
will *fo into active training for this fall's
campaign.
Treasurer Leiter to-night received word
from Babe Burnett that he would be on
the campus Friday, ready for work. This
means the stiffening of Stanford's center
trio, and may prove to be the deciding
feature of the game.
INSURANCE MEN WILL
VISIT THE OLYMPIANS
Athletic Club Officers to Arrange a
Special Programme of Boxing
and Wrestling.
The first of a series of entertainments
in the, gymnasium of the Olympic CU..J,
under the new directorate, will be on the
evening of October 4. It will be insur
ance men's night, all persons employed
in Insurance offices being the special
guests of the club.
There will be boxing and wrestling by
the cleverest amateurs. The Rev. W. H.
L. O'Rourke, chaplain of the Seamen's
Institute and a believer in muscular
Christianity, will have a score of sailor
lads on hand to show how adept they
are with the gloves.
The junior class has been re-estab
lished, the aim being to build up the gym
nasium classes and the field athletes. A
large number of Lowell High School
boys have already signified their inten
tion of joining. "William Smyth, who has
made a success of this work, has been
engaged as Instructor. The limit of age
Is from 17 to 21 years, and no initiation fee
is exacted, merely monthly dues.
RUBY RAYMOND IS
RELEASED ON BONDS
Trial of the San Jose Woman Who
Harbored Young Girls.
Ruby Raymond, the young woman who
Is charged with entking Cora Danforth
and Daisy Miller from homo for Improper
purposes, wns on trial before Judge Mo
gan laßt night for her offense.
After evidence had been introduced, the
court took the case under advisement.
The defendant's bonds were approved
and she was allowed her liberty.
When the case came up for trial last
week. Ruby failed to put In an appear
ance and Judge Mogan forfeited her
bonds and issued a bench warrant for
her arrest. The testimony given at the
trial last night showed conclusively that
the girls were under age.
SUM DAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
ij£MHK&l .'. ....thousands.::: i
f I|BmP proclaim its power i
1 i The McLaughlin New Treatment *
uijmimpi^^Jßß^ »■ S ■&$[ 4 j I, Is the grandest Remedy In the world— it cures without drugs. No more pain or weakness for those ;**
*i. . -— — -^jff?@?lsm£ ** /,& 'A"' L " vvho up( ' this famous electric method. If every weak man and woman wore the McLaughlin Batteries <&»
<■" RhSbQ&C^ 'W/yf^^ ~P^ 'li--^'* "i ~" there wouldn't be a broken-down sufferer to-day. The best proof that a remedy really cures is the i
°»? ~-%£&&>%£c>F^— 1 i " iySlifesli ' : ''--- ■ 4 W^fc^^??*f.'V : word of those who are rest ored. They are themselves astonished at their recovery. Testimony like the *^
"5* -^*&-'*r^. r :J^i ~ l^^^^l ~\&?' : i'viP following is sent in gratitude and to encourage others. How often it is said. "I can't sleep, my system's o<)o
m. T^^p '^S'' /^|i — "/BSsSisN^S '~ i <$* '& -^l''j run <J° wn i I'm nervous, my digestion's bad, or I've rheumatism or kidney trouble." Here's evidence that ojt
IM W' : '/^ ELECTRICITY WILL CURE YOU: ' |
"i^fjiSivN / V sA!ilill,\r\ "V JSflLxti>?/^w£ ! *ma393& DR. McLAUGHLIN: Your treatment has been of immense value to me. Advanced in years
•5* ißr () 1 fcd»CwOTL '/4&» i fNßl&rft**''" \U^^ « s I ;im I never expected such results; but your famous Belt has done for me what all the doctors *2»
10I& \ $ v. IRjasSg (*&*r/SS^-- -kzi^ I'*-^ and drugs I ever tried could not do. . MICHAEL HANLEY, 416 Turner street. ;*
V sHk^^Be^/^^V l3B? y^w )S3Sk San Francisco, September 16th. • +^
*5* "WJiraßlT^^iN^ */ ■ '*07^Z^/' N( 5 blistering electrodes, no old style screw regulator which shuts off the current instead of re- *^
II /Pp^-^Hfflßß^-Z^/^ A v ll AiiV' ducing it; but the new, patent switch that varies the power by degrees. Nothing has such a healing "X
*5 ■^'^^SSC/ "' /I 'V //fUi power as this new electric remedy. It cures Lame Back, Rheumatism, Varicocele, Weak Nerves. It *Is*
jp_ ; " x/^^^v ■;*-'. lf If}*' annihilates pain and builds up strength. Call and inquire into this new and pleasant treatment or
T? ' I > %T\ ' send for my book on the subject, finely illustrated, mailed free. This will save you a lifetime of suffering
Idr m a Mclaughlin v^^^- •■-- t ° ®^^-. -■->•. I
1. l/ll» JJUL« - XjL* lllVJjrL \J \A JLXJLJJLXI 9 C or. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. | NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. . £
OUTLOOK IS
BRIGHT FOR
FINE RACING
Horses, Jockeys and Bookies
in Plenty for the Open
ing on Saturday.
The California racing season of IR!>9 and
extending- well into the year 1900 will en
joy a renewal at Oakland track on Satur
day, September 23. The crack jockeys of
the country will not be seen in the pigskin
on the opening day, nor will all of the best
handicap horses of the day face the bar
-1 Her. But by the foregoing statement it
must not be construed that there will be
no competent pilots or cood horses to
place wagers on. Every incoming train
from the East brings a fresh supply of
equine talent, the very latest to date be
ing the stable of P. Ryan, one of the most
consistent that ever ran here. Mr. Ryan's
string arrived at Oakland on Sunday, and
comprises the following very useful per
formers: Synia, Summer, Jerid, Marcato,
Silver Tone, Cyril, Afamada. Kacivah and
a yearling by Fonso. Besides there will
be represented locally Burns & Water
house with an immense stable of bread
winners, including their two St. Louis
purchases, Bit of Fashion and Southern
Girl, J. G. Brown, out of IJbertlne, Bam
boulia, Monrovia, Diomed and a dozen
others; the lighter strings of "Curley"
Shields, McMahon & Gerhardy, John
Humphrey, Tom Boyle, Caesar Young,
Dun Honig, S. F. Capps, McHugh & Lin
nell, "Hanger" Jones, Dagjjie Smith and
a host of others.
The jockeys, for the greater part, are
not above mediocrity, including among
them Quill Morse, Eddie Joins,
Macklin, Frank Lmffy Tommy But
ler, Johnny Sullivan and Ruiz, but
they are all capable of doing good
work in the saddle. Buchanan is an
extremely promising lad, and if Atkins &
Lottridge can persuade "Monk" Coburn
to wear an ice cap every other day he
too can win an occasional race. Of course,
Charley Thorpe, the Western favorite,
will be on hand, and praise in this in
stance Is unnecessary. His past record
speaks for itself.
To start off with the bookmaking brig
ade will be limited, though at present it
looks as if the ensemble would be some
thing like John Humphrey, Schwartz &
Co., Harlan & Co., Hoffman te Co., Paul
Ridley, Phil Archibald, Otis Evans and
Johnny Lyons. The latter was here last
winter, but did not book. He has a bank
roll large enough to derail a Southern Pa
cific train and will give the chalk and
chamois a hard "go. The firms men
tioned are almost certainties, and there
will perhaps be a dozen or more In all lay
ing prices.
An evening paper which has been decry
ing the wicked horrors of a racetrack
war with all the attendant atrocities of
the naughty ungovernable turf advisers
recently printed the following significant
paragraph: "Mr. Corrigan finished bis
Beason at Chicago Saturday. He will be
here directly and then there will be war
in earnest." If t lie writer had said "the
Beason finished Mr. Corrigan at Saratoga
and he had retired to Hawthorne, in
which track he owns |40,000 worth of
stock, to prepare for another sortie," then
he would have hit the nail on the head.
Corrigan will probably hold a grand pow
wow of all the medicine men at Haw
thorne Lodge, signal tires for miles around
will illuminate the heavens, weird ghost
dances will end the wild orgies and we
may expect to see the grand old chief of
Cicero Township appeur here bedaubed
•with war paint and bedecked with feath
ers as we never paw him before.
Golden Rule, greatest of the bad lot of
two-year-olds racing at Ingleside and
Oakland last spring, a cheap plater at
Saratoga, has finally found his levfl. He
can win at Hawthorne, make Time turn
a ghastly hue, and now his friends again
say he Is a great colt. Even Corngan
found a Chicago reporter the other day
who believed it and printed such stuff in
the paper ho represented, imn't those peo
ple know that a good selling plater can
run rings around a trashy bunch of plat
ers and almost hang up a record? But
put this same horpp in with some handi
cap horses-, and his name is utterly for
got at the finish. The pnor fellow is car
ried so fast the first part of the journey
that he "cracks" and asks the others to
'.'break the news to mother."
Zeke Abrahams, one- well known as an
Impresario in the pugilistic zone, is now
looking for soft money at the country
fairs. Zeke had the betting privilege at
Eureka, wherp ho taught the rural visit
ors the intricacies of the percentage sys
tem. Ho leaves to-night for Boise, Idaho,
where he will also manage the ring.
1 >ick Sponkman, the lifelong friond of
Jockey Willie Martin, arrived from the
East on Monday evening. Speakman was
recently warned off the turf and Martin
had hie license revoked by the Btewards
of the jookoy club. Pick told a friend
that Willie lingered behind to "try and fix
matters up." If Martin emerges from
this last gala with spinnaker and gaff
topsail all sot there ought to bp a chance
for Patsy MeDermott to win the Arctic
handicap to be run at Cape Fare will.
Greenland, in I!W>.
"Stump" Golden 1p a rider of more or
iess renown in those parts, but ho lost
his job at Sacramento. That is, he does
not pilot the horses of Crano & Owen
any mnre. On Thursday, the fifth day of
the meeting. Amasa, a horse owned }>y
the firm mentioned, didn't feel well; at
lonst the trainor said so, so Golden was
told of it. with the customary instruc
tions, no doubt, "don't abuse him." and
the books also heard about it and laid
against him. Later Golden was given
some good advice by the "dealer." also a
ticket or two, and wont out and won.
giving the books "such a * headache."
They were reported to have lost $3900.
Robbed a Chinese Store.
The Sim Kon Wah Company of 716 Du
pont street reported the robbery of a
large amount of goods at police head
quarters yesterday. The property was
taken from a basement on Commercial
street, and its value amounts to more
than $2(iO. Among the stuff taken was
six cases of nut oil and eight capes of
fireworks. The police have a clew and
expect to make several arrests soon.
SHAMROCK'S GAFF BREAKS DURING A TRIAL SPIN.
THK tuning-up of the yacht Shamrock, challenger for the America cup,
preparatory to the first of the series of races on October 3, has given
Sir Thomas Upton and his associates some anxious moments. The most
serious accident tending to delay the preparation of the yacht occurred
last Wednesday. The metal pan! which supports the mainsail collapsed when
there was comparatively little pressure on it. It was not the extent of the
accident, but the possibilities it opened up that gave the visiting yachts
men their shock. If this metal spar lie so weak as to bend like a piece of
lead pipe, then all the spars are defective and may collapse at a critical mo
ment. The broken gaff was at once replaced by one of those kept In reserve.
William Fife. th._- designer, 1p said to have recommended the metal spars
against the advice of Thornycroft. one of the most celebrated of England's
naval architects.
SHAMROCK
DID NOT MAKE
FAST TIME
Experts, After the Trial Spin,
Say the Columbia Will
Win the Race.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The CSa.ll.
NEW YORK. Sept. 19.— Winds of vary
ing strength marked to-day's trial spin
of the Shamrock. From seven knots an
hour at first It blew fully twelve knots
toward the finish. Whenever a strong
puff struck the challenger she moved off,
full of life. Taking the day as It turned
out, experts were unanimous in saying
that the Defender, If she had been with
the green cutter, would have passed
through the ordeal satisfactorily, and
that the Columbia, had she been there,
would have been "bellwether" from start
to finish.
Sir Thomas Upton and his associates
decided to send the yacht to windward
on the first leg of the course selected, but
the shifting of the wind shortly after the
start prevented that. The second and
final less of reaching, however, were all
that they could have desired.
As the wind was south by east, the tug
Lawrence was sent ten miles from the
Scotland lightship, but the breeze backed
to the south, so that the weather mark
was made in three boards, the second be
ing of long duration. The second leg was
to Bandy Hook lightship, about eleven
nautical miles, and the third was back to
the Scotland lightship, four and an eighth
nautical miles. The second leg was a
broad reach, and the last also, with the
wind abaft the beam. It required 1 hour
38 minutes and 20 seconds to cover the
first leg. 1 hour 32 minutes and 40 seconds
for the second leg. and 23 minutes for the
last. This was by outside timing. By the
official timer on the Erin the legs "were
made in this wise:
First, 1 hour 37 minutes 33 seconds;
second, 1 hour S3 minutes 37 seconds;
third, 23 minutes 18 seconds.
The whole distance of twenty-five and
an eighth miles was sailed In 3 hours 4
minutes and 15 seconds, unofficial timing,
or 3 hours 4 minutes and 28 seconds by
the Erin's figures.
The crews of the Shamrock were at
times shifted from abaft the mainmast
to the stern and back again. Mr. Fife or
Skipper Hogarth trying experiments with
their weight. The boat, however, made
slow progress, as in 32 minutes from the
time of starting she had gone only about
three and a half nautical miles.
WANTED TO KILL A
MURDERER'S FRIEND
CHINESE WITH A BIG GTJN IN
JAIL.
Ah Fong, Who Was Shot at by Wong
Hing, the Captured Criminal,
Looks for Trouble.
Wong Hlng, the San Jose murderer, who
was captured at Fresno last Sunday, will
be brought to this city by Officer Rey
nolds to-day. Yesterday Ah Fong
was made a target for the captured man's
bullets on September 13 on Spofford alley
In this city, was arrested by Sergeant
Duke and posse while he was looking for
one of Hing's friends with a 44-caliber re
volver, which he concealed under his
coat. His name was entered on the small
book at the Central police station and ho
will be held as a witness in the trial of
Wong Hing before any charge is placed
against him.
The arrest yesterday was only one of a
series of events which have hat'i
since a slave girl was spirited from a
house on Jackson street and taken to
San Jose. Some trouble arose over her
possession, and L<ee OngPoon was mur
dered and Deputy Sheriff Mackey of San
Jose shot and in"jTirecl by Wong Hing.
On September 13 the deputy sheriff whr*
was shot brought two Chinamen. Ah,
Fong and Ah Yum. to this city to assist
him in capturing the criminal. While th<i
two Chinamen were passing along Spof
ford alley on that <lay they were sighted,
by Hing, who fired three shots at Ah
Fong and again escaped. One of the
leaden missiles passed through the trous
ers of Ah Yum and narrowly missed kill
ing a Chinese laborer in a store opposite.
Tling was taken after a desperate strug
gle in Fresno on Sunday.
Yesterday afternoon Sergeant Duke dis-.
oovered Ah Fong passing along Waverli •y
place, and he noted that the Chlaaman'a
actions were suspicious. He at once took,
him into custody, and whon he searched
him found a large 44-caliber revolver on
bis person. He had his hand on the
weapon when ho was taken, and It was
his Intention to shoot one of Hing's
friends on sight. The pnliee say that the
trio of Chinamen implicated in thr shoor
ing are all wicked men. and do not think
that the trouble will end with yesterday's
arrest. The affair has been in'the nature
of a highbinder's war and has caused
much commotion in the Chinese quarters
of both San Jose and Snn Francisco.
Walter Main's Circus.
Owlnp to the many requests that havo
already been made for reserved seats for
the circus, which opens next Saturday
afternoon at Sixteenth and Folsom
str.pts. the Pale of reserved seats will
commence to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock at Will & Finck's store on. Mar
ket street.U. S. A.
MORE SMALLPOX
IN LUCKLESS
THIRTY-FIRST
Two More Cases Sent
Away.
Two more men of the luckless Thirty
first Regiment have been sent out to the
smallpox hospital at the Presidio to joir
the man already there. One of them was
sent from among the men who have beer
held in detention since the first cast- brok(
out, and the other was taken sick \vhil<
on his way over to Angel Island. ,
The regiment itself has been sent ovei
to the big detention camp on Angel Isl
and. and there it will stay for a week 01
more, or until all possible cases have hat
an opportunity to develop. It was whil<
the McDowell was taking over the firs
section of the regiment that one of th<
men showed symptoms of smallpox. How
he had been overlooked by the surgeons
of the regiment is a mystery, but whil<
.on his way over he was found to be in
fected and he was sent back at once. Th<
McDowell was sent Into quarantine her
self as a result, and her crew will have tc
remain over at the island for a wee&
an>\\ay, while the vessel herself will have
to be fumigated.
There will be established a camp of de
tention out r.ear where the smallpox hos
' puai is located, and hereafter every sus
. pected case must go out there to await
: the development of his symptoms. There
are now eleven suspects ana three pa
tients. One of the new patients is Wil
liam Tom'oauerh— the one who went from
the McDowell is not known. Both are
from Company M.
As soon as the Thirty-first was out ol
its camp a s^uad of men under the direc
tion of Colonel Greenleaf, inspecting sur
geon, went at the work of disinfecting
tne place and preparing it for the accom
modation of tne Thirty-third Regiment,
which was already in from Texas and
awaiting a cnance to establish Itself in
the I'resicuo. 'Itn or twelve tents were
burned with the i iors, and all the prop
erty ;uat was In tnem was destroyed. The
gii.uv.a all around the tents where White
was quartered v. .is sprinkled with lime
arid alt the ground near the tents burned
•was similarly treated. Then the Thirty
third Regiment was allowed to come in.
There is no danger of infection to the
1 liirty-third, according to the surgeons,
for they say ample means to disinfect the
camp have been taken.
The quarantining of the Thirty-first
Regiment may mean a change of orders
fur the Twenty-seventh or the Thirtieth
The Twenty-seventh Is under orders to
leave on the Tacoma and the Elder, the
first scheduled to sail yesterday. It may
be that the regiment will be sent on the
t*rant instead, or the Thirtieth, under
uriiers to sail on the Sherman on the 21st
inst., may leave on the Grant, leaving the
Sherman to be taken later by the Thirty
tirst. The Thirty-second will arrive from
Fort Leavenworth; Kans., to-morrow, un
less df-layed, and something must be done
to make room. If the transports leave on
time there will not be much trouble, but
if they are delayed by the strike there will
te a blockade of troops here until more
room can be made for them.
The camps of the volunteers being mus
tered ou; might be used, but there will
not be much room there until after mis
week. A.s it is now, the camps are full.
but the California men will be mustered
out to-morrow, leaving room for a three
battalion regiment. Before that time,
however, the Zraiandia and the Valencia
v. 11l pronably be in with the three bat
talions of the Montana Regiment, and the
camp will again be full until Saturday,
when the two battalions of the Idaho
K< and the Wyoming battalion will
be mustered out. That will leave room
for a full regiment, until the end of the
month anyway.
There have been promotions in the new
ly arrived Twenty-sixth Regiment owing
to the vacancy caused by the appointment
of Lieutenant Colonel Duvall to be colonel
of one of the still newer regiments. Ma
jor Joseph T. Dickman has been made
lieutenant colonel. Captain Guy V. Henry
of Company II has been made major,
Battalion Adjutant and First Lieutenant
William M. Connell has been made cap
tain of Company H, First Lieutenant
Avery of Company L has been made bat
talion adjutant. Second Lieutenant Harry
v. Cumstock of Company v has been
made first lieutenant of Company L and
S<:-u.-iiit M;t.ior G. R. H. Ma -' • -.or has
been rna<l(! a second lieutenant In < lorn
)•; ny !■'. i'cU.-Gregor was formerly un of
ficer in one of the Rhode Island com
mands, but there was no room lor him as
h commissioned officer with the Twenty
sixth, so he went along as sergi ar.'. major.
Hi. has been given the first chance for a
commission that has appeared in the regi
ment.
The promotions in the Twenty-sixth
were made strictly acording to the mili
tary rule. The senior major was made
lieutenant colonel, the senior captain was
made major, the senior first lieutenant
was given the next opening and the senior
second lieutenant wa.s aJso put ahead. It
has been different with the troops that
have come home from Manila, In their
case the promotions have been by com
panies, in the old National Guard fashion.
\\ nen a captain of a company has been
put up, his two lieutenants have followed
aim. and a sergeant from his own com
pany has stepped into the vacancy formed
among the commissions. In the case of
the California Regiment, the senior first
sergeant. Henry T. Hicks, was made ser
geant major in place of Percy 1.. Badt,
■who was given a commission, and there
he has remained. In the meantime there
have been vacancies in several companies
but the resulting promotions have always
been to the officers in the same company,
and the new officers have been drawn
from among the non-commissioned offi
cers of the same company. The officers
and non-commissioned officers on the staff
have remained as they were. Hicks has
seen seven years' service in the National
Guard, during most of which time he has
■worn chevrons, and he has been passed by
men who went out as corporals or pri-
Vfl,tf*S
To-morrow will see the last of the First
California Volunteer Infantry, for then
the austering-out officer win complete his
work. The command will leave the service
lust as It entered it, with this exception— it
"will have fewer men. It was at one time
ordered that the regiment be made tc
conform to the terms of the new law, but
the mustering officers have decided that
it cannot have all the new law allows.
Principal Musician Altken has been again
made a principal musician, after having
been reduced to the ranks and then made
a sergeant of the band, to comply with
the new law. First Lieutenant Otto
Bchwerdtfeger, quartermaster, has been
denied the extra bar the new law allows
him. and Commissary Sergeant Arthur B.
Clifford has been denied the commission
also allowed by the new law. It has been
decided by the mustering officers that a
regiment can have only those officers that
It started with, yet the law ordering the
mustering out of volunteers declares that
they shall be mustered out under the act
of Congress approved April 22, 1898, which
nays nothing about allowing only the
orfginal number of officers and which pre
scribes the new officer.
The Thirty-third Regiment, which ar
rived yesterday, is commanded by Colonel
Luther B. Hare. The lieutenant colonel
Is John J. Brereton and the majors are
Marcus D. Cronin. Peyton C. March and
John A. Logan. Major March will be re
membered as the commanding officer of
the Astor Battery, who made such a rec
ord for military exfclusivenefis while on
his way to Manila with his command a
\ ear ago. Major Logan is the son of Gen-
ral John A. Logan. March Is already in
Manila where he has been on the staff of
General Mac Arthur. -v v
A detachment of 350 assigned recruits
now awaiting transportation at the Pre
sidio for the Philippine Islands will be
held in readiness to pail on the trans
port Sherman for Manila, via Honolulu.
The men will be organized into one bat
talion of three companies.
The following officers are designated to
accompany the detachment: Captain
William B. Reynolds. Fourteenth Infan
try; Second Lieutenant W. G. Miles,
Thlrtv-seventh Infaritry. and Second
Lieutenant Alex C. McKelvey. Eleventh
Cavalry.
Tho detachment above mentioned will
tfews of the Camps and transports
COLONEL MILEY
DIES AT MANILA
THE sad news nf the death of Colonel John D. Miley, inspector general
of volunteers, in Manila was received in this city yesterday by General
Shafter. whom he formerly served as aid-de-camp. His death occasioned
genuine sorrow among his former comrades in this city, and many ex
pressions of repret were heard at General Shafter's headquarters at the loss
of a thorough gentl< man and a brave soldier.
Colonel Miley leaves a widow and four children, who are at present living
with her father,' Colonel Mordecai, at Benlcia Barracks. His brother married
a daughter of A. B. Butler of Fresno. Many messages of condolence have
been forwarded to the bereaved family.
lieutenant Colonel Miley was ,a native of Illinois, and was graduated
from West Point in 1887. In 1890 he came to this city with the Fifth Artillery.
During his ■ - at the Presidio few officers were as popular with the
rank and file as he. and a host of friends attest his popularity.
When war broke oul with Spain, as Major Miley he went to Cuba as an
aid on General Shafter's staff, and he. together with Captain W. H. McKit
trick and Lieutenant J. S. Wheeler, raised the American flag at Santiago. His
conduct in that campaign won for him promotion to a lieutenant colonelcy.
He was a conspicuous figure on the firing line and was at all times fearless
in danger.
Last February <"nlonel Miley was ordered to the Philippines and was ap
pointed inspector general of volunteers nn General Otis' staff. He served In
that capacity until he was made Collector of Customs at Manila and tfivon
sup< rvision of the entire customs service in the Philippines. It was on the
6th inst. that the dread disease attacked him. and death yesterday cut short
a promising career. Colonel Miley's fank in the regular army was first lieu
tenant of the Second Artillery.
When the intelligence reached the city that Colonel Miley was prostrated
by fever General Shafter wired General (His. requesting a daily cable mes
sage, reporting the condition of the patient: and every day thereafter a
message was wired to headquarters of the department. About a. week ago
the physician's diagnosis of the case was cabled from Manila, and medical
men here were then convinced that the patient could not recover. Mrs.
Miley, a soldier? daughter and a soldier's wife, bore up bravely under the
shock caused by the cablegram announcing her husband's death.
If Colonel Miley's life had been spared he would have acquired high
rank and great distinction in the army. He was a soldier of many ac
complishments, dauntless on the field of battle and progressive In the ad
ministration of military affairs in time of peace. His capacity for work
was marvelous and his industry remarkable. Generals Shafter and Gra
ham had the utmost confidence in his judgment.
Colonel Miley was familiar with the high power guns and the dynamite
battery defending the harbor. He gained by study and daily observation a
practical knowledge of the method employed in handling dynamite projec
tiles and applying compressed air.
Before he left San Francisco to engage in the Cuban campaign he ma
terially increased The insurance on his life for the benefit of his family.
He was an affectionate, home loving man.Jiut when the call of duty came
he was ready and resolute.
be held at the Presidio of San Francisco
until further notification from headquar
ters tivat the ship is ready.
This detachment will come near to
cleaning out the recruit camp. Assigned
recruits are men recruited for service
with any command who have been de
tailed to" Mil vacancies in the regiments
■ v |n th« Islands. They are assigned
by their commanding officer in accord
ance with Instructions fn.m Washington.
The remaining recruits, after the as
signments. ar>- srill casuals, and all of
these at the Presidio are being sent over
to the officers of the Fortieth Infantry,
who are now trying to form a battalion
of that regiment at the post. So far they
have succeeded In securing about Beventy
of the 400 and odd men needed. Recruits
are not coming in so fast as they were
two months ago.
Second Lieutenant William S. Sinclair
of the Fourteenth Infantry has been as
signed to temporary duty with the re
cruits at the Presidio, pending his as
signment to Manila.
Major George W. Flshback and Major
George E. Pickett, additional paymasters
of volunteers, have been assigned to duty
with the chief paymaster of this depart
ment.
Sergeant Charles A. Smith. Battery A,
Sixth Artillery, has been order. 'l to ap
pear before an examining board to be
examined for a commission In the regu
lar army. Sergeant Smith is now sta
tion.-d at Camp McKlnley, Hawaiian isl
ands.
Roy Johnston, the recruit who poured
out his woes in a letter to the President,
has been acquitted by a court-martial for
his offense. He wrote to the President,
asking f<r his discharge, and criticizing
his officers very severely. It was shown
at the court-martial that at the time he
wrote the letter he did not know an of
ficer when he saw one in uniform, and
as he begged to be let off he was ac
quitted. Ii Is an offense against army
regulations for a private to address the
President without sending his letter
through his commanding officer. This
was not considered so much of an of
fense in the case of Johnston as what
he wrote. He denounced his officers and
cast slurs upon his comrades, and so the
matter was taken up. .
For sleeping on post Private Doll T.
Long of the Thirty-first Infantry has
been sentenced to seven days' confine
ment and to forfeit $11 of his pay.
Burt Snelson. who enlisted under the
name of Edward Robinson, a discharged
soldier died at the general hospital yes
terday. He came to this country from
Manila already discharged, and it is not
known what command he belonged to.
He died of consumption.
A MOTHER'S APPEAL.
To the Press and to Others.
For a long time I have been seeking
information as to the fate of my son,
Mark Neumayer; whether living or dead.
To all persons who have ever known my
Bon _to the companions of his boyhood,
or friends of later years— l appeal
for information, aa to when, and where.
lust seen, or heard from, no matter how
ong ago. To newspaper proprietors
everywhere, willing to assist a distressed
mother to clear the mystery of her son's
disappearance. I appeal, with a request
lo publish this article.
MRS. L. NEfMAYER,
Portland, Oregon.
Coroner Gone Rabbit Catching.
Coroner Hill left on the evening train
yesterday for a week's recreation In Mer
ced C ounty dove and rabbit hunting on
his ranch.
Take the excursion train to Ukiah Sun
day, September 24, and visit the Ilsh
hatchery, where hundreds of thousands
of young trout are to be seen. . •
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. 1899.
IS NOW A CAPTAIN
IN SIGNAL CORPS
CAPTAIN CHARLES H. GORDON.
ANNOUNCEMENT was made in the
telegraphic dispatches from Wash
ington D. <"., last Monday that First
Lieutenant Charles 11. Gordon has
been promoted to the rank of captain.
The officer who has been thus honored
is now on his way to this city on the
transport City of Para which will arrive
shortly. Ills promotion Is the direct
result of gallant service with the Signal
i 'Mips, of which ho was a member, during
several fierce engagements.
Lieutenant Gordon left this city on the
port City of Rio do Janeiro with the
Eighteenth Company, I'nited States sig
nal Corps, and on arriving In the Philip
pines was placed in charge of the Tondo
district On the night that Manila was
taken, Lieutenant Gordon was assigned
to General Mac Arthur's division as signal
r.ftlcer. He was the first to establish
:ommunication with the American fleet
in that eventful night.
He continued to serve with General
MaeArthur during the latter's advance
!nto Caloocan and the Interior. He wa.s
me of five men who were mentioned by
:heir commanding officer for conspicuous
:ind distinguished services during those
trying times. He was subsequently as
signed to General Lawton's command
md though not a member of General H
;. Otis' brigade, was highly regarded by
:hat officer, whose acquaintance he made
jn the trip to the Philippines.
The new captain was born In Maryland
md was educated in Poughkeepsie, N. Y.
t-Ie is the son of Colonel D. S. Gordon
J. S. A., retired, and a brother of Philip
3ordon. ticket agent of the Southern
Pacific Company in this city. Captain
3ordon Is 36 years of age and was at one
ime agent of the Southern Pacific at
Draey. He subsequently resigned to go
nto the mining business, which he left
o enlist in the service of his country.
A'hen he arrives here with his company
t will be for the purpose of being
nustered out, and he will then join his
anjily at the residence, 1707 Scott street.
STRIKE ON THE
TRANSPORTS IS
STILL GOING ON
Boilermakers Will Not
Give In.
Everything is in statu quo on the Gov
ernment wharf. There is no work being
done by the boiler makers on the Sher
man, and there may be trouble to-day
when a call for men to work on the Gle
nogle is made. There was only a few
hours' work required on the Tacoma to
get her ready for sea and this was done
by the men. bo the Tacoma and George
W. Elder will sail for Manila to-day.
They will take a regiment between them,
and Captain Barneson expects to get
them away by 4 p. m.
Tbe boiler makers Intend to stick out
for their demands and the contractors
have decided not to yield. In the event
of the Government being unable to get
the repairs made here it may send the
transports 10 Manila under a reduced
steam pressure and then have the ves
sels overhauled at Hongkong on the way
back to San Francisco. Should Uncle
Sam be forced to take that course, then
all the repairs to the transports wouid
be done at the same lime and there would
be a loss of at least $10,tX>0 a week in
wages alone to rian Francisco.
The painters made no move yesterday.
Some of them are gelling $;■! 50, some t'i
and the majority iZ 50 for an eight-hour
day. For overtime they get double pay.
Thus a painter goes to work at S a. m.
and lays oIT at noun for lunch. Begin
ning again at 1 p. m., he works to 5 p. m.
and lays off an hour for supper. Then
from ti to 10 p. m. he works overtime
and for the twelve hours' work gets two
days' pay. The men are to have, a con
ference with Captain Bennett to-day, but
he does not anticipate any trouble. The
payroll of the painters <>n the transports
last week was over $6000.
There are live large steamers on the
way here, all of which will be taken by
the Government as transports. The West
minster is six uays uui jrom Newcastle,
N S. W., with a cargo of coal, and the
Anglo Australian ana Port Stephens are
expected to leave the same port any day
now. The Pak Ling and Moyune are now
In Chinese waters and will come here
via Nagasaki. The Westminster is Zolu
tuns net, the Anglo Australian 2561 tons
net the Port Stephens 127* tons net, the
Pak Ling &575 tons net and the Moyune
aulo tons net burden. Each or them win
merefore easily carry a regiment of soi
aiers and all will make splendid trans
ports. With these vessels aaued to the
fleet aiready engaged Uncle Sam will
nave no diiuculty in rustling a big body
of men to the Piiillpinet,, and it now be
gins to look as thougn the reoellion wouid
oe put down In the time specified by the
administration.
The hospuai ship Relief was passed by
the boara ol survej yesterday. Sne win
go into the fctream to-morrow, and as
soon as her compasses have been adjusted
will start for Manila. Honolulu will be
her rust port of can. After coaling mere
she will proceed to Guam and ttien to Ma
nila. On arriving there she will be turned
into a permanent hospital, occasionally
nmking short cruises lor the beneiit of
the invalids on board.
The members of the board who passed
upon the seaworthiness of the Relief
were: commander H. G. O. Colby, L". S.
N.; Captain John Bermingham, Lnited
States Supervising Inspector of Steam
Vessels; Kooert torsyth, chief engineer,
I'nion Iron Works; James Dickey, super
intendent shipyards, Union Iron Works,
Captain John Barneson, marine superin
tendent, United States army transport
service. Captain Frank Greene, signal
corps, U. 8. A., is detailed as recorder of
the board.
Onp of the hospital stewards who wa?
to have gone to Manila on the Relief had
his voyage stopped yesterday. Had the
vessel gone out on time he- would have
had a respite, but now he is in prison witn
a rha'ge of desertion hanging over him.
His name is Stephen C. Livingstone, and
lie was with tho army in Cjba. 1!<- did
not like the life and deserted. After a
time the longing for a soldier's life came,
over him again and ho rv-enlistfd in the
hospital corps. While on tht P.elief he
whs recognized by one of his- former offi
cers and the fact was telegraphed to
Washington. A telegram came back or
dering his arrest, and yesterday Living
stone was placed -n irons and taken out
to the Presidio. He will be tried by court
martial and will be lucky if he gets of*
with three years on Alcnt^z.
The transports Sikh and »{lo do Janeiro
are going to Portland as soon as they are
fitted out. They will take on board there
the Thirty-fifth Regiment and proceed to
Manila. The vessels were to have loft
here next Friday, but. it will probabiy be
next week before they get away, as the.
mattress company cannot turn the Turner
patent bunk with which they are to be
equipped out in time.
Chief Engineer George Klngsland of the
transport Sherman is proud of his staff of
assistants. The oldest only i olebrated his
twenty-seventh birthday last month; nev
ertheless they make up ns efficient a body
of mechanics as there is In the transport
service. Mr. Kingslands first assistant is
R. MeCabe; second assistants, O. Hiekey
and Q. Berry; third asistants, C. McDon
ald. C. Molntyre and S. Crisp.
The transport St. Paul, which loaded
cavalry and horses at Seattle for the Phil
ippines, reached Knbf last Monday. She
will probabiy remain there a few" days,
and should got to Manila about the end
of the month.
The quartermaster's steamer General
McDowell was placed in quarantine yos
t.rday. While conveying a company of
the Thirty-first Regiment to the deten
tion camp on Angel Island a ras» of
smallpox broke out among the soldiers.
When the fact became known the entire
regiment was sent to the camp on the.
Steamer Captain Weber, and the Mc-
Dowell was placed in quarantine. She
was thoroughly fumignted and released,
but the crew will have to remain in quar
aintine for fourteen days. In the mean
time the quarantine steamer Sternberg is
making the McDowell's runs to the army
posts.
It now looks as though the Thirty-first
Regiment would not get away for a fort
night. In that event another body of men
will leave on the transport Grant, as that
vessel is in the stream all ready to sail.
INCREASE OF CRIME
AMONG SOLDIERS
GENERAL SHAFTER ASKED TO
PROVIDE A PROVOST GUARD.
The numerous oases of soldiers called in
the Police Courts recently charged with
various crimes have called forth a re
monstrance from the Judges, and yester
day Judge Graham sent the following
letter to General Shafter:
As one of the Judges of the Police
Court of this city and county, the
numerous depredations committed in
this city by the recruits have been
brought forcibly to my notice. Nearly
f-very morning m^n in uniform are
brought into the Police Courts charged
with all crimes from drunkenness to
murder. I notice that nearly all the
crinu-s committed by the soldiers are
committed while they are under the
influence of liquor and late at night.
It has been suggested to me by officers
that if a provost guard were estab
lished downtown to "round up" and
take charge of obstreperous, vicious or
intoxicated soldiers it would result in
advantage both to the citizens and to
the soldiers themselves.
Yesterday William Brown of the Thirty
sixth Infantry appeared before Judge
Graham to answer a charge of begging.
He was arrested on Sixteenth street, be
tween Mission and Howard, on Monday
night while soliciting alms from pedes
trians. Lieutenant Peck of his company
told the Judge that the regiment was to
leave by the transport Grant for Manila
in about ten days, and the- Judge ordered
U. S. N-
TABLES TURNED
ON A PORTLAND
SHIP'S RUNNER
Was Carried to Sea
Against His Will.
The British ship Muskoka. which sailed
for Europe from Astoria a couple of days
ago, had considerable trouble in securing
a crew. The boarding masters on the
Columbia River wanted $80 a man, so the
captain employed Frank Turk and J.
Lynch to get him twenty-two sailors.
Turk came to San Francisco and secured
sixteen men whom he shipped north on
the steamer Columbia. He could get no
more sailors here, so he wired Lynch to
go to Puget Sound and pick up six A B's
there. Lynch went to Seattle and there
found the American ship Rufus E. Wood,
ready to sail for Sydney, N. S. W. He
went aboard and tried to get six of the
crew to desert, but while he was
persuading the men the tug came along
side and took the ship to sea. Lynch is
now on his way to Australia, and the
captain of the Wood may be depended
upon to see that he works his passage,
tailing to get any more men the Muskoka
put to sea short handed.
The Mail steamer Colon arrived from
Panama and way ports yesterday with
fifteen cabin passengers and eighteen
Chinese in transit for Hongkong. Among
her cargo was over $iuo ,<JUU worth of
ir>asure. in Central American silver
there was J15.554; three bars of gold and
silver were valued at JZS.iNiO, fifty-live bars
of silver at $42 .uw. thirty-six sacks of
precipitate of silver at $20,uu0 and one
case of gold dust on which no value was
placed.
The steiimer America Maru was more
damaged Sy the lire that broke out
in her coal bunkers than was at first an
ticipated. While in Yokohama the coal
caught tire, but was put out, and on
September lv she sailed for San Fran
cisco via Honolulu. A few days later she
put back, the coal in her hunkers having
caught tire again. A dispatch to the
Merchants' Exchange yesterday stated
that the fire had been put out, but the
cargo i nthe main hold was "very much
damaged." It will now probably be the
first week in October before the America
Maru gets here.
P. Kilcoyne, one of the Market-street
Railroad Company's employes, was badly
injured on Kearny street yesterday. He
was helping to repair the railroad track
and got crushed betwee two railroad ties.
His right leg was badly lacerated and
his lelt leg broken. He was treated at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital by Dr.
Robinson and was afterward removed to
the railroad hospital.
Xels Hanson, a sailor on the ship Ori
ental, fell into the hold of the vessel
yesterday. At the Harbor Hospital Dr.
Robinson found that both his wrists were
sprained and his face badly lacerated.
Five stitches had to be taken in his eye
brow before he could leave the operating
table.
Andrew Olsen had a row with his land
lord at 43 Steuart street last Monday night
and yesterday had a lacerated scalp
sewed up at the Harbor Hospital. An
drew asked the landlord for a candle with
which to light his way to bed and instead
was struck over the head with a club, so
he says.
Captain Thompson Colly has turned
marine artist since leaving the sea for a
life ashore, and some of his efforts in the
painter's art are very good. He has made
a particularly good picture of the San
Francisco owned ship Sintram, which he
is going to send to his friend. Captain
Matthews, in New Zealand. Painting is
now Captain Colly's hobby, and although
he has taken it up late in life he is raak
ing rapid progress.
that Brown be detained in the City Prison
till the regiment should sail.
Corporal John Harris of Company E,
Twenty-sixth Infantry, was before Judge
Mogan on a charge of disturbing the
peace. He and three other soldiers were
creating a disturbance at Market and
Fifth streets late Monday night by fight
ing among themselves and using the most
profane and vulgar language. Policeman
Tillman cautioned them to keep quiet,
but they would not, and Harris got a
brick and threw it at the officer. Till
man placed him under aVrest, but he
fniight so hard that the officer had to use
his club to bring him under subjection.
The Judge convicted Harris yesterday
morning and will sentence him to-day.
"Complaints have recently been made
to me, said the Judge, "about men in
uniform insulting ladles on the streets,
and it. is time that something was done to
put a stop to such conduct. The com
plaints have beer, about men who are con
nected with the casual detachments, who
seem to be undor the impression that they
can get drunk and run the city because
they wear a uniform. Men who have seen
Bervice are imbued with more gentlemanly
instincts and will not insult women, and
the first one of these casuals brought be
fore me on such a charge will be made an
example of."
Harris claims that he is an old soldier,
having seen twelve years' service, and
he and his three friends were only having
n good time when the officer arrested
him.
VOLUNTEERS BANQUETED.
A banquet and reception was tendered
Monday night by St. Anthony's Sodality
of St. Boniface Church to some of the
members of the First California Volun
teers, who were also members of the par
■ ish. The hall of the sodality had been
! handsomely decorated and an appropriate
programme was arranged. Toasts were
delivered by members of the clergy and
several of the participants. Undoubtedly
it v..is the- most successful affair ever
given in the parish, and will always be
renumbered by those present.
I For more military news see Page 13.
We Will
Soon Have
An Oil Well
This Is no extravagant guess, but a
statement that Is hasefj
upon expert opinion of the stratifica-
tion of the land In the Kern River
Oil District and the fact that ol! HAS
BEEN struck In many wells near to
and adjoining our property—the famous
Elwood well, now owned, presumably,
by the Santa Fe Railroad Company,
being less than 300 yards from where
cur boring outfit Is NOW BEING put
in position.
Until OCTOBER STH a limited num-
ber of shares of treasury stock are
offered to the public for 50 CENTS
per share— the par value of which are
il per share.
Let Us send you our prospectus; or.
better still, give us a call, for we can
then give you more minute informa-
tion. Remember we court the most
searching inquiry.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building
Open Evenings from 7 to S o'clock.
N^^vu ELECTRIC BELTS,
jmSm'ljSr' "~ OrSftfiC Prices from $3 50 to
roFTvTvW^'T/i^effli ' :: ' Largest manu-
K^N, .. ■I % v N .' fal facturera in the Uni-
Hwy*fT^a^^>»iyWgfffy lP{ " 1 States. No Quacks
Ti7 i T L nr !■ HfnF connected with this
/^jVX^^Sp o *^^?^"" establishment.
'^SFCL Or Particulars
call or send 2c In
■^Tv* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
. Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
THE EMPORIUM.
* Free demonstration of Velox Paper in the Camera Department *
* daily from 12:30 to 5 p. m. . Bring your best negative <f
* and get a free print. The rapidity and , *.„ J
♦ splendid results will surprise you. *
♦ Daily Free "VUIE^V'UIIM^B^ME S AJI Sj " J !^ ami ani *
J Exhibitions by H BIB! ' tWBrV|C|B ■■■ t/ ' / " /r '-" J< J
•^ G9 Eflßßi Q^L^ , HIV^ * — Bml QH & Bwaraßß M-* //>•* ■*
S PROFESSOR MS* 8 "" art *« ' '
» Herbert, the P^ 4frofctenlfeiile&az4L&r'. The Winter «
♦ Magician. CAUFORmAS LABGEST—AMERICA'SCRAnDEST STORE. Catalogue ♦
i /I Sale o/ Handkerchiefs. ♦
» Men's sc, Ladies' 7c, This Day Only, «
5 jg(\ cC^ >, c c^ ose( i ou t from the New York repre- *'
* ><^f^\ $*^n sen tatives of a large Irish Handkerchief *
♦ %S^w^^-^J^tr^ manufacturing concern 100 dozen Men's <f
* Colored Border Handkerchiefs, known ♦
* uii.^u^f^^f/ f? vS as seconds; also 100 dozen Men's White *
Ik Ip r: ' r " r- " ' -^^v f| >-lij^ r A . Hemstitched Lawn and Cambric Hand- *
♦ V|| w*''^' ;^CC3/ kerchiefs that had been sent to this £
a ]£ l^F^Fs\^T country without laundrying. Although *
♦ ' 7§^ ' rather rumpled in appearance, for all 51
* practical. purposes as good as can be. *
£ Regularly these handkerchiefs are 10c, 12ic and loc each, for *
» this day only we place them on special sale at 5o *
100 dozen Ladies' Linen White Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, a good *
» quality, regularly 12Jc each, special for this day only at ... 7© «
■^ — ... .. -- —
S $2.25 Comforters Children's f k %
% To-Day $1.75. Vests _ ■• (%&Z
> High-Grade Comforters for large beds, •£/?*% '' ' "~ jP^T «
* size 6x7 feat, filled with specially •^•»* xt^-*)^))')}* ♦
* cleaned whits sheet wadding, light as p^:ij» TTpavv'f^^/ / ♦
* down, equally warm ana more durable, U "V QFen .. n a, J *^&fMi// *
* tufted with wool, pretty coverings, our Fleece-lined Vests, v,, f //////}'( ♦
J regular $2.25 value, to-day un!ysl» 75 covered seams, 'jj/Jj "|l,'jjj | A ♦
*« * "^TTZ _ . ecru color only, Iffiil II iij Ml/. 2
* Sale Of Damaged sizes for children \jp 5
5 Silk Waists. 5 to 12 years of \(/ J
* We find in stock v~^^ age, regularly 25c 1- ]^ *
? about 70 slight- 4~* >^f> each, special for \/ [ *
fr ly damaged Silk ffjf*£? this day only.. 14© <iLu S
Qk \Vai3ts — foma 'feC A -■'/., -— — - V
> are soiled from ™t^b*3 —— — — — — _..^_. . J
• handliog, some >~>T»£r __ ■ m *
* faded from ex- -/ %~3[ ' Conveniences J
{ Krwii'ow 0 " Pbji /or Patrons. •
£, a varied assort- / y^^^^^^M Par ors supplied with Magazines, Papers <•'
5, mentof stylej, / and PreeWriting Materials, Lavatories, *
& some corded, \ -5^ i//7^x~scMsfv/j, „ „ ,.,.,, _» « "W
» some tucked. \\<lisSS3£ ' : V Emergency Hospital, Children's Nurs- «
♦ some fancy \y2^^ cry, Telephone*, Information Bureau, Jj
* front; assorted >^ Postolfice, Telegraph Office, Theater- *
J sizes; they were -• , Ticket Office, Barber-Sbop, Chiropodist, *
A originally $7.45, ?8 45, $9.90 and _ . .-.■- .' , „ .»* . _ . ' *
{ $12.45; your choice of tne lot for Hair Dressing and Manicuring Parlors, J
A this day only $2,95 etc., etc., <«
STATEMENT
'■ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
IS9S, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company ....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $14,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 973,712 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 35,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 841 86
Cash in Banks 76,652 24 (
■ Interest due and accrued on all
I Stocks and Loans 4,499 S3 j
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 83 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 140,199 07
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
I for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 270 29
Total Assets $1,245,758 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $25,350 27
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 34,728 57 i
Losses resisted, including expenses. 4.SSB 02 i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $469,471 27;
re-insurance 50 per cent 234,735 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $250,-
-SSO 72; re-insurance pro rata 146,415 26
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; re-insurance 50
per cent
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,782 57
Total Liabilities $477,030 32
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $559,951 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 725 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 35.728 11
Received from all other sources 126 16
Total Income $629.560 78
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $30,006 50 losses of pre-
vious years) $330,936 05
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ ■ losses of
previous years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 128,722 69
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 53,111
Paid for State. National and local
taxes - 19,955 69
All other payments and expenditures 40.105 18
Total Expenditures $572.83135
. .- 1 '
* Fire.
Losses incurred during the year 352.577 63
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks. ' Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $136,355,995 $853.500 57
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 121,926,167 835,674 43
Net amount in force
December 31. 1595.... 105.402,434 720,051 99
— ~~~ GEO. S. A. YOUNG. President.
WALTER S. ALLEY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 28th
day of February. 1599. GEO. H. COREY.
Commissioner for. California in New York.
L. B. EDWARDS, Manager,
328 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
fW FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WOMEN- |
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, . !
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg. ■
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California tit., below Powell,
San Francisco. \ ';".'.-.
THE EMPORIUM.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i 1 jj^ Steamers leave Broadway
. BTSIm wharf, San Francisco.
I f&f&dMoft^ or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
KsJtGm^ September 18, 23. 28. October
£$£ &sJs^a3K*» 3, change at Seattle.
i BBrVaBW *«i For Victoria. Vancouver
. i GSftuaflSU ' I! - c >> Port Townsend, Se-
: f^^^BSlwgß attic, Taeoma. Everett. Ana-
J^af cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
IS, 23. 28, October 3, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
1 <.;. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
i couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
[ tember 16, 21. 26, October 1, and every fifth day
. thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., September 17. 21. 25. 29, Oc-
tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Seotember 15. 19, 23. 27. October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Aitata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
] without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of snlllne.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE S. R. & N. CO.
, r DISPATCH FAST STEJianCRB TO " i
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FA DC $12 First Class Including Bert*
rMnC $8 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. IS. 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20. 30; Oct. 10. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
j Helena and all points In the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. 20! St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. U
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwert>.
From New York Every Wednesday, 1] noon.
Kensington Sept. 20 South Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. IS
Friesland Oct. 4; Kensington Oct. 35
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and.
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on cay
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Friday, October 8
! HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fijeight and passage apply at company's of?ce,
421 Market, st., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
tmKßimSinm Wednesday. Australia
arrr^MiiWi aMUa. Balls fnr Honolulu
W-W^H fc Wednesday. Septem-
■ veLBB ~w *' r 20 ' at 2p. m.
R. y&WcyiS^V > F s Mariposa sails
NafamchinJ via Honolulu and
JeSfiWGflUlllDllll/^ Auckland for Sydney
vS^^ mfnplßßM^ Wednesday. October
c-- *» WlliyUlUsr 4. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. SPXECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PA/US. -r-nnr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3kiSLi>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •^™h*t*
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE. Oct.
7- LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA GASGOGNE.
Oct. 21 First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward- 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. Fl'-
I GAZ«I & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
, cry nve.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS,
and vallejo. "
Steamer "Monticeilo."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.., 8 '
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
Weekly Call SLOO-jmtTw-
56
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 20, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
i I BLICATION OFFICE ..Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main ISOB. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 1."» CENTS PER WEEK.
t^in;.-!' Copies. H cents.
Terrr? by Mail. Including l'oetsire:
1 AHA" cat.T. (Including Sunday Call), one year........f <{.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Funday Call), 8 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <{Ro
BUXJDAY CALL :>ne Tear • 1-0°
WKKKLY CALL One Year i' oo
All postir.astvrs are authorised to reeelv subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when i quested.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Lohengrin."
Columbia— "Marie Antoinette," Monday evening, Septem-
ber 25.
Alcazar — "Too Much Johnson."
Grand Opera-house— "The Drum Major's Daughter."
Chutes, Zoo ami Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Kaces. etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair end Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Circus— Sixteenth and Folsom streets, Saturday. Septem-
ber 23. .
Oakland Racetrack-Races Saturday. September 23.
THE TAX LEVY.
IT is vhetiier the annals ot san rranciscu
furnish a more appalling instance of dirt.v politics
than was supplied by the morning
: Democracy yesterday. In attempt
itical capital out of the re-arranged
tax levy, passed by the Supervisors on Monday, that
sheet descended to a level of moral degradation com
pared with which the an- of the ordinary ward poli
lity of exalted statesmanship.
Fherchave been in this city many conspicuous ex
of political wallowing in the pursuit of office,
which might be cited numerous assaults upon
private character designed to break down the aspira
if worthy men willing to serve the public; but
the oldest inhabitant, we venture to say, will fail to
recall an instance where a new-paper, for the purpose
of securing a petty political advantage of doubtful
value, lias deliberately misrepresented the facts of a
ux levy and with devilish malignity falsified its fig
ures. Nor is there in our whole history a case in
which there has been so successful an imitation oi
Satan's methods. We doubt whether the devil, mas
i the livery of heaven, would have been
equal to the task of enacting such a part in the in
terest of "f rnmeni "
In order to demonstrate the contemptible character
of the Examiner's assault upon the Supervisors in
connection with the tax levy it is only necessary to
appeal to the aci '>n Monday morning that sheet
printed ti in which it quoted the changes mi
the provisional levy suggested by Mayor Phelan.
The appropriations agreed upon in this levy by the
Supervisors "ii August 7 amou $2,520.18(3.
Mayor Phelan made changes last week, footing up
;, among which were extra allow*
$71,080 for the School Depart
ment, $31,296 !<>r the Street Department,
and $25,000 for the Fire Department. In order to
bring the levy within the pledged rate of $1 upon a
total valuation of $.^50,000,000 the Mayor placed
amounts agcregatins $-Ml.too — required for defi
ciencies, judgments, election expenses and the inter
est and funds — outside the pledge, thus rec
ognizing and indorsing the principle that expendi
irres not current might be met in that way.
Not only did the Examiner interview the Mayor
and approve I 1 '- proposed changes, but it pointed
proudly to the fact that the rate had been fixed at
0Q.5 cents by that official. The Supervisors were, in
the same article, dared to alter the figures, although
between the lines there was expressed no uncertain
hope that they .vould do so, and thereby manufacture
political capital for the Democratic party.
But the Supervisors did not alter the figures. On
the contrary, they adopted them bodily. To the list
of exemption-, however, they added $i_>s,ooo for the
acquisition for park purposes of the lands bounded
by Dupont, California and Pine street- and St. Mary's
place. To this appropriation every man of them had
been pledged, including the two Democrats and the
two R«publicans who voted against it. This money
i> not necessary for current expenses. It comes
fairly within the principle ixcmption set up
by Mayor Phelan and indorsed In the F.xamincr in
the case of deficiencies, judgments, election expenses
i<nd interest and sinking funds. If the Mayor was
authorized to construe his pledge in favor of those
exemptions, why were not the Supervisors authorized
to construe theirs in behalf of a piedge which they
had made in good faith and which, they were honestly
bound to keep?
The tax levy is 7.7 cents in excess of the pledge cf
$1 upon a total valuation of $.^50,000,000. but all save
two and a fraction cents of that excess was not only
suggested and requested by Mayor Phelan, but it was
1 by the Democratic minority in the Board
of Supervisors aid ratified by the Examiner on Mon
(!ay>»Tl' two and a fraction cents wns
levied in pursuance of a pledge given to Rev. Father
Otis iii behalf of St. Mary.-. Park by every Super
visor, including the Democrats. Was not this pledge,
which, was violated by the Democrats, as sacred as
♦lie other? Who, in short, are guilty of the greater
moral turpitude— th( -c Supervi <>rs '.vho honorably
Kept their pledge by following Mayor Phelan's con
struction of the j.'e- !;_:<■. or those who, in order ;<>
make low, partisan politics, broke their plighted faith
to an earnest minister of the Gospel who is striving
to abolish b city plague spoi and elevate the mornls
of the people?
It is difficult 10 discuss with patience a newspaper
which, in the manufacture of partisan polities, thus
falsifies the notorious facts of local history. Per
haps the incident does not justify the feeling we dis
play over it. since the Examine* has' long been
abandoned morally and is beyond reformation. But
it present? us with an opportunity to say what every
fcir-minded man in San Francisco knows to be the
truth, namely, that the present Board of Supervisors
hnve served the public faithfully; that they have kept
all their pledges honestly, and that the record s! lllW c,
them in every respect to be devoted to good, eco
nomical, respectable, efficient and honest government.
Any newspaper which withholds the credit due to such
men — which misrepresents them for political gain
not only works for bad and corrupt government, but
convicts itself of insincerity and base motives.
Justice Rodden has now discovered that the habit
of being "too previous" is one that the public will not
tolerate in a judicial position, and that it is known to
the law by a name almost as ugly as the Justice him
self.
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
RUSSIA'S CLOSED PORTS.
THE report comes from Copenhagen that
Czar Nicholas has signed a ukase closing for
ever the Russian ports on the Pacific Ocean and
the Baltic and Black seas to any but Russian ships.
to take effect as soon as the Middle Eurffpe canal and
trans-Siberian railway are completed, in 1901. This
: fixes Russian commercial policy as far as "the open
i door" is concerned. Nothing is said of its applica
tion to the ports which Russia will control in China,
but its application to those on the Russianized coast
of Manchuria is probably the reason for its issue.
I Those ports will be gateways to Chinese com
! merce, and Russian occupation is ostensibly in that
irterest.
Since Napoleon's Berlin decree no public act has
been of such interest to the commercial world as this
decree by Nicholas. It brushes all Russian commer
cial treaties aside, and is an act of universal abroga
tion of every such convention entered into between
i the empire and the nations.
To the United States it is of peculiar significance.
Our treaty with Russia, negotiated by James Bu
chanan, December 6, 1832. provides that: "There
shall be between the territories of the high contract
ing parties a reciprocal liberty of commerce and
navigation. The inhabitants of their respective states
shall, mutually, have liberty to enter the ports, places,
rivers and territory of each party, wherever foreign
j commerce is permitted. Russian vessels arriving,
either laden or in ballast, in all ports of the United
i States, and reciprocally vessels of the United States
1 arriving either laden or in ballast in the ports of the
! empire of Russia, shall be treated on their entrance,
during their stay and at their departure, upon the
same footing as national vessels coming from the
same place, with respect to the duties of tonnage. All
kinds of articles of commerce and merchandise which
may be lawfully imported into the ports of the empire
of Russia in Russian vessels may also be imported in
vessels of the United States, without paying other
or higher duties or charges, of whatever kind or de
nomination, levied in the name or to the profit of the
Government, local authorities or private establish
ments whatsoever, than if the said merchandise or
articles of commerce had been imported in Russian
vessels. And. reciprocally, all kinds of merchandise
and articles of commerce may enter the ports of the
United States in Russian vessels upon the same
terms: in each case whether the vessels clear from
ports of the country to which they belong, or from
the ports of any other foreign country. All articles
of commerce and merchandise which may lawfully
be exported from either country in its own vessels
may be exported therefrom in the vessels of either
country on equal terms."
It will l>c seen that the ukase is practically a de
cree of abrogation of every line of this treaty. We
are not aware of the terms of Russian treaties of com
merce and navigation with other nations than ours,
but of course they exist and are abrogated the same
ay ours.
No explanation is made public of the reasons of
policy which have dictated this extraordinary action.
A large commerce has sprung up between San
Francisco and Vladivostok and Russian Pacific ports.
Indeed, our total commerce with Russia has in
creased. In iBgB our trade with that empire, for the
fiscal year ending June .30. was $8,317,573. Of this
$618,015 was with the Russian ports in Asia, and
$252,426 of it went from San Francisco.
( >ur Russian trade for seven months preceding
June 30. iSqq, was $8,103,230. of which $795,006 was
with her Asiatic ports. This commerce is not segre
gated into United States customs districts, so that
San Francisco's -hare is included in the total. The
foreign commerce of this port for the same seven
month- was. in exports, $16,280,026. and in imports
$24,510,006, a total of $40,790,032. It is fair to as
sume, therefore, that we got our share of the increase
with Russian Asia.
In some of its aspects the ukase seems to be a
decree of non-commercial intercourse with the world."
If the other treaty nations retaliate by closing their
ports to Russian ships it is difficult to understand
how Russia could have any foreign commerce at all,
and her position would be exactly like that of China
and Japan before they were forcibly opened to for
eign trade. We have not at hand the statistics which
reveal the volume of Russian foreign trade. In fa
vorable seasons her export of wheat is large, mainly
from Black Sea ports. If the ports of Europe are
closed to her ships, in retaliation, her wheat export
must cease, and what the United States loses in her
direct trade will be more than made good by the re
moval of so formidable a competitor in the bread
stuff market. It may be the ukase is promulgated in
pique' at the failure of the Czar's peace conference, in
which the nations exhibited but little sympathy with
his disarmament proposition, and the effort was a
fiasco. If this is so he has made, practically, a decla
ration of commercial war, and a decree that Russia
shall stew in her own juice and go her own way in
disregard of the rest of the world. Among the inter
national sensations of the year this takes first rank
from a commercial point of view.
To return to San Francisco's interest in it. Our
direct trade with Russian Asia is largely in American
bottoms. Since September. 1808, there have cleared
from this port for Vladivostok the American ships
Lucelle, 1297 tons; Bonanza. 1309 tons; Welna. 1368
tons, and Columbia. 1327 tons. For Nicolaefski the
American ships Volunteer, 542 tons: Nokomis, 462
, tons, and the Vine, 222 tons. For Petropaulofski the
Russian ship Behring. 377 tons, and for Chemainus
the Russian steamer Dolney Vostok. 2265 tons. This
makes a total of 6617 American and 2642 Russian
tonnage cleared from San Francisco, or 9259 total
i tonnage. The employment of seven American ves
sels to those ports from this is not a large but is an
' encouraging item in our foreign trade, and should
1 move our shipping interests to make Government in
quiry into the effect of the ukase upon the treaty cf
! 1832 and our interests thereunder.
According tn some the accidents of the Southern
Pacific Railway are due to too much carelessness,
others say to too much economy, and still others to
j too much Kruitschnitt, and there are reasons for be
lieving if the road were rid of the latter it would expe
j rience less of the other two.
MR. JOHNSON'S HARD TASK
JOHN G. JOHNSON of Kansas is not as yet
a man of national fame, but if he survive the
blizzards of the fall and be not lost in the snow
drifts of winter he is likely to be a prominent and
conspicuous figure in politics along about the begin
ning of next spring, for he has been chosen execu
tive officer of the Democratic National Committee by
the element in favor of harmony, and it will be hid
duty to establish peace in the camp and bring back
'< the revolters of 1896.
It is strange that a man from Johnson's State
should have been chosen as a harmonizer, for Kansas
and harmony are not an accordant combination.
Had it been designed to have a cyclone executive
1 officer who would sweep the country for the career
ing and windy candidate from Nebraska his selec
tion would have been more readily understood. It
is probable, however, that by reason of his long deal
ings with the turbulent factions of. Democracy and
Populism in Kansas Mr. Johnson may have learned
the value of harmony and by practice acquired some
skill in effecting it. At any rate he may be expected
to have a knowledge of the best means of herding up
stampeded steers, and therefore in choosing him for
their leader in the National Committee the friends of
harmony may not have acted so absurdly as most peo
ple will be apt to believe.
The first task set before the new executive officer
is that of harmonizing the Democrats of Kentucky
and bringing the decent element among them to the
support of the regular ticket in order to assure the
election of Goebel as Governor and the re-election of
Senator Blackburn. It will be seen that Mr. John
son's fitness for the work of reuniting national Dem
ocracy has at the outset been subjected to a test of no
ordinary difficulty. The fight in Kentucky has been
one of such an exhausting nature that orators of
repute have been known to collapse in an effort to do
justice to the subject and fall fainting on the stump.
He who quiets that racket will certainly have attested
his right to be intrusted with the still more difficult
task of getting the Palmer and Buckner veterans of
1896 to train in the camp and keep step in the march
with the Bryanites in 1000.
San Jose is discussing the advisability of celebrat
ing with a grand festival the fiftieth anniversary of
the organization of the State government of Califor
nia, which took place in that city December 20, 1849;
and while the event would crowd the Christmas holi
days a little it is probable everybody will have
enough money to join in the jubilee, and fairly cer
i tain they will have a good time if they do.
THE FILIPINO INSURGENTS.
THE imperialist press, in concert, is harping
loudly about Aguinaldo and his relations to the
treaty of Biaknabato. These have been so often
established on the testimony of John Barrett, Consul
Wildman and other imperialists that to continue mis
representing them is puerile. To publish the truth of
history is not to support or defend Aguinaldo. It
is quite remarkable that the imperialist press pursues
exactly the policy for which it impeaches the Filipino
chief. He is called a mercenary adventurer, who sold
his cause to Spain sordidly for gold. His people
have no civilization, and no unity of purpose. He is
a liar and sustains his cause by misrepresentation,
and so on through an endless expletive and epitheti
cal discussion, every substantial statement of which
is flatly contradicted by the facts of history as pub
lished, personally or officially, by United States Con
suls Pratt, Wildman and Williams, and by Dewey,
Professor Schurman, General Miller, General Reeve,
Lieutenant Stickney and the united corps of Manila
correspondents of American newspapers.
The latest contribution to the confusion of the im
perialist press is an article in the August number of
Harper's Magazine, by Lieutenant Calkins of the
navy, who was with Dewey on the Olympia in the
battle of Manila Bay. Between the destruction of
Montijo's fleet and the fall of Manila, and for some
time thereafter, Lieutenant Calkins enjoyed excep
tional opportunities of intercourse with the Filipino
government and people, and became personally ac
quainted with Aguinaldo and his civil and military
officers. He had access to the Spanish archives and
records, and from them compiled material for his ar
ticle on "The Filipino Insurrection of 1896," to which
we call attention.
The imperialist press of this country speaks of it a;,
an outbreak of bandits, which Spain was preparing
to finally crush when we appeared in the islands to
continue and complete her work. Calkins describes
the work we are expected to complete. In one band,
shot to death by Spain, knelt "two millionaires, the
village doctor, lawyer and schoolmaster." In another
man-hunt the Spanish records note the capture and
slaughter of planters, proctors, magistrates, a school
master, a millionaire, and a dramatic poet, "the inso
lent translator into Tagal of the works of Ernest
Renan." After Blanco was furnished an increase of
25.000 soldiers they were hailed by the Spaniards and
banqueted. Don Rafael Comenge, a high official of
the Department of Justice, addressing them, said:
"You are just in time. The cannibals are still in the
woods; the wild beasts arc hiding in their lairs; the
hour has come to exterminate the savages; ferocious
animals must be killed: noxious herbs must be rooted
out; show no mercy; destroy, kill; grant no pardon,
for that is the prerogative of the King, not of the
army. Admit no overtures of peace in the face of
this treason." From these gentle creature!^ it seems
we bought the right to continue their extermination
of the bandits! Blanco was succeeded by Polavieja
as Captain General, who instructed the army that
"rebellion must be wiped out in blood." Then the
public executions began and continued until even the
bloodthirsty Spanish spirit sickened and they were
ordered to take place behind prison walls. Among
the "bandits" thus exterminated was Dr. Rizal, a
graduate and medaler of Spanish and German uni
versities, long the authority in Vienna on ocular de
eases, their surgery and treatment, the author of
"Noli me Tangere" and other books. He was
charged with having agitated for Philippine indepen
dence since his nineteenth year, and his books written
between 1888 and 1892 were produced in evidence
against him. He was led out on the fatal field of
Bagumbayan, and refusing to kneel, was shot to
death.
After the treaty and the banishment of Aguinaldo,
Lieutenant Calkins says, that, suspecting the faith of
Spain, Aguinaldo kept the revolutionary council and
their fund, the money paid to him by Spain, well in
hand, and the money was used to purchase arms for the
conquest of CaVite province in May. 1898, "that cam
paign having been made with arms purchased abroad
or captured from the Spanish troops, and not with the
remnants which the Filipinos were allowed to take
from the arsenal after its capture by Admiral Dewey."
Lieutenant Calkins' article is kept far within the
limit of reserve that must be respected by a navy of
ficer, but Americans reading it will feel little pride
in the purchase by this country of the Spanish right
to exterminate the "bandits" of the Philippines.
Having tried Dreyfus by a military court, the
French now begin another sensation by trying
twenty-two politicians before the Senate, a species of
political court, and we shall now see whether in her
many trials that are to come France can look with
most hope to her army or her Senate.
Sheriff Langford of Santa Clara County has
started out again in search of the bones of Murderer
Dunham. His prospects of success this time seem
to be particularly good by reason of the fact that lie
lias taken the precaution to carry a number of skele
ton keys with him.
Tom Reed's farewell letter to his constituents was
most excellent in every respect except that it did not
give the slightest intimation of the reason why he
bade them farewell.
"WE HAVE SCOTCH'D THE SNAKE, NOT KILLED IT."
DEALING WITH THE DIVORCE PROBLEM.
Different Ways in Which Churches and
States Regard It.
SINCE the marriage of Mrs. Sloane to O. H. P. Belmont the clergy both in
the Eastern and Western States have shown a disposition to be more cau
tious in solemnizing marriages. The General Association of Congrega
tional Ministers of Connecticut has passed resolutions declaring that it is
Incumbent on ministers to exercise the greatest caution before consenting
to officiate at the marriage of any person who has been divorced, and "that such
consent should never bo given in case of the guilty party divorced" for infidelity,
nor for any other reason, without a careful examination Into all the facts. The
Rev. W. M. Barrows of Greenwich, who had accepted a fee of $500 for the Bel
mont-Sloane marriage but had subsequently returned it, claiming that he had
been deceived, was not, however, condemned by the association.
A case somewhat similar to this Connecticut marriage occurred recently in
Michigan. Two persons who, according to the laws of the commonwealth, had
the right to marry were refused by each of the evangelical ministers at Ann
Arbor, on the ground that one. of the applicants had been divorced. These
clergymen later united in an agreement not to perform the ceremony of mar
riage when either of the persons concerned had been divorced or had obtained
;i divorce from a preceding husband or wife on any other ground than violation
of the seventh commandment. In general, the religious press has expressed
approval of this action. Some secular papers, however, think this position
irrational in itself, and derogatory to the laws of the State. For example, the
Brooklyn Eagle says:
"Law itself contains reasons for divorce, equivalent in moral weight to the
reason of infidelity, though different from it. An unexplained absence of
seven years works presumption of death and makes a marriage voidable. So
does a sentence of a certain duration for felony, especially a sentence for
life, which establishes the presumption of civil death. So does proof of a
marriage by force or fraud, or proof that one of the persons to it has not at
taim-d the age of lawful consent. There are other causes which make the
hard-and-fast attitude of the Ann Arbor clergy difficult to maintain, and
would present so many exceptions as to embarrass the clergy there or any
where else.
'•Refusal of sundry of the clergy of Michigan to accept the laws of Michi
gan, by which marriageabiltty or remarriageability is allowed, might induce
the law-making power to take away from such clergymen the right to per
form any marriage ceremony at all. It is a legal right, a right conferred by
law, not a right inherent of itself in the ministerial office itself. In France,
any marriage may be ecclesiastically performed, but every marriage, includ
ing these ecclesiastically performed, must also be performed by a civil mag
istrate, else the union Is not legal and resultant children are not legitimate.
Jn America, either the religious or civil ceremony suffices; but marriages
in America, to be valid in France and in some other foreign coun
tries, must be performed before a magistrate here. On that account,
foreigners here are generally married by ministers and 'by magistrates.
Besides, I'nitartan and Universallst ministers, as a rule, take no such rigid
ground as that imputed to the evangelical clergy of Ann Arbor. Uniform
ity of marriage conditions or of attitude toward divorce conditions will not
be possible so long as every State can establish its own rules and so long
as ministers themselves construe their duty in the case for themselves."
A party in the Protestant Episcopal Church has long been endeavoring to
amend the canon concerning divorce by forbidding the solemnization of the
marriage "of any person who has a divorced husband or wife still living, if
such husband or wife has been put away for any cause arising after mar
riage." Bishop Seymour of the diocese of Quincy, 111., has announced his in
tention to offer the foregoing amendment at the next general convention at
San P'rancisco, In October, 1901. Of this the Christian Work says, however:
"There is no fear that the general convention will amend fhe canons Jn
this matter; their action last year is evidence on this point. And why should
the physical death of an Infamous and immoral wife and mother be neces
sary before a pure, good mother can be procured for a motherless family?
Bishop Seymour's proposition has neither reason nor the teaching of Christ
to commend it."
In the meantime the secular arm has also been trying to make the estate of
the divorced a hard one. Mr. Justice Beekman of the New York Supreme Court
has formulated a new plun to defeat "collusion" in divorce proceedings. Although
almost all European governments assume that when both husband and
wife are agreed that their union is no longer tolerant or subservient to
good, this is one of the best of all reasons for their divorce, the laws in this
country take just the opposite ground. If two people, who agree in nothing else,
agree that they must part in order to find life endurable, the legislative or
legal Dogberry feels sure in his soul that here Is "collusion," something particu
larly despicable in his eyes, and that this is the best of all reasons why the
state and church should combine to hold these two together. However, not all
legal students in this country agree with this view. Mr. S. N. Tuckman, writ
ing in the New York Times, says:
"Mr. Justice Beekman very properly .states that the family is the pillar of
the state, and the state by means of laws should preserve its sanctity. This
is very true in the abstract, but 1 am rather inclined to believe that the
husband and wife who cannot live happily together and therefore collude
to divorce are. if constrained to live together, more mischievous to the com
munity and exert a more immoral influence upon their home and children
than they would if they were divorced.
"Let us rather cling to the prosent law, and let matters of matrimony
be permitted to adjust and elevate themselves."
Mr. Allen Carruthers makes an Interesting comparison of the divorce laws of
Europe and the United States. He says:
"Austria grants divorce for 'unconquerable aversion,' on account of which
both parties ask for a divorce. Any court in the Union would dismiss the
petition as collusive where both parties agree to ask for the divorce.
"Hungary has the same law as Austria on this subject.
"Belgium grants divorces on 'mutual or persevering desire or consent of
both parties.'
"Denmark, 'mutual consent.'
"In almost all of the provinces of the German empire divorces are
granted for 'unconquerable aversion.'
" 'Agreement after five years' separation is a valid ground for divorce in
the Netherlands.
"Norway, 'mutual consent.'
"Roumanla, 'mutual and continued desire of both parties.'
"Russia, 'mutual consent.'
"Sweden, 'Incompatibility of temper and persistent discord.'
"Switzerland, which recently adopted a Federal divorce law and amended
the sume generally, grants divorces "where the marriage relations are 'greatly
strained'; also, 'incurable mental diseases of three years" standing,' 'injury to
the Bono* or reputation of either of the parties.'
"The causes just mentioned are far more liberal than any cause known In
America. In fact, some of the causes for which divorce is allowed in Europe
are reasons In most every State in the Union for refusing the divorce \s an
example, 'mutual consent.' While in many instances both parties may want
the divorce, yet if it were known by the court that the application was based
upon 'mutual consent' it would defeat the divorce every time in America Be
sides the causes Just mentioned as an example of the liberality of the divorce
laws of Europe, almost all of the countries of that continent have divorce laws
embracing about all of the causes that we have in America. A great many
are under the Impression that divorce can be obtained in America for 'incom
patibllity of temper.' Yet, as a matter of fact, there is no such cause for dl
vor<*e in any State in the Union."
Mr. Cnrruthers says that there is a marked Increase In divorce both in Furnns
and America, but that this can not be attributed to any fault of our laws for
"the people are back of the laws in every Instance in thin country " He conti'miU
"The report of the Commissioner of Labor referred to by Cardinal <Mh
bons. which was based upon a very careful and disinterested investirntli™
plainly demonstrates that stringent or liberal laws of divorce do not cor r*.
spondlngly decrease or Increase the number of divorces. This is also thiZ"
tention of some of the best writers upon this subject, notably M J fcrni"*
Bertlllon, who is probably the ablest and most exhaustive writer unnn tw«
subiect. This Is also borne out by the statistics of various countries
"The fact is. we may Judge our divorce laws and also the number n f
divorces granted by the sentiment of the people. New Yor*. for in<Ua nil tl
the only State in the I nlon that grants divorco solely upon the Km, , ,i il
infidelity. Yet New York furnishes more divorce suits" than any other 4L?I
In the Union, and probably more unhappy marriagps. In this State mar
riage is easiest and divorce hardest of an> State in the Union mar
"lt is a serious question if the policy of our law on marria'ep and atx, 
is a correct doctrine. We encourage with reckless uncertainty mßri V«.r Cc
which we fain would approve, yet refuse to dissolve. But "people wn $?'
vorce themselves from intolerable relations at any cost. Marriage ;, a L
tract, and you can no more legislate it eternal than you can any ntw
partnership between individuals, neither can you legislate people to love vT
sped, and forbear with each other where the material elements of P un on pr»
lacking. umuii are
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LARGEST STEAMER AFLOAT— L. J.
E., City. The largest steamer afloat is
the Oceanic, recently launched.
TAXATfbN— E. 8., City. The fact that
a woman ia a widow in California does
not exempt her from taxation on any real
estate that she may be possessed of.
GEORGE MILLS— R. O. T. C, Pacific
Grove, Ca!. If you will send a stamped
and self-addressed envelope to this office
the information asked for about George
Mills will be sent you.
DRAPING AN ALTAR-C, City. In
draping an altar in a lodge room with the
American flag, the stars should always
be placed toward the presiding officer.
Sld S, 0 ,h' >f , l 5 e presldin & officer 1. the
W^_4tv@tf£_gp
_»7S__r^2_»_s
cents.___
IN THE NAVY-Subscrlber. ritr
on pracS SfagT *» servl <* hut
„„■{*• * - CEIPT -Subscriber, City Are
mi^, S Presumptlve evidence of -the pay
it bears m o°r ne> ; 11 th part }f hcse name
it beais, or of the fact that the mu-tv
whose name is signed received a certain
article or articles named therein, and
such an instrument is valid no matter
on what day of the week It is signed.
CITY OF PEKING— M. A. H., City. The
transport that carried the First Califor
nia Volunteers to Manila was the City of
Peking. When the vessel was built for
the China trade she was named for the
capital of the Chinese empire, as the City
of Tokio, another vessel of the same line,
was named for the capital of Japan.
TRANSPORTS-C. B. A.. Oakland.
This department has not the record of
"the time taken by each transport that
sailed from San Francisco for Manila
and that of earn transport from Manila
to San Francisco." Such information
may be obtained from the War Depart
ment at Washington, D. C, if the appli
cant for it can show any good reason for
demanding it.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4o to all for-
eign points.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Edgar T. "Wallace, a prominent mer
chant of Yreka, Is a guest at the Palace.
H. Radin, a well-known Fresno capital
ist, Is among the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Alfred Gasklll, a prominent resident of
Washington, D. C, Is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Dr. E. E. Stone, one of the leading phy
sicians of Marysville, is one of those who
arrived in the city yesterday and went
to the Lick.
J. B. Atherton, who arrived from Hono
lulu a few days ago, will shortly go East
to purchase twenty automobiles for use
in the islands.
Adjutant General Charles English of
Montana, who arrived here yesterday in
the party that accompanied Governor
Smith, is registered at the Grand.
Henry James, son of the famous writer,
is at the Occidental with his brother, Will
iam James, Jr. They arrived yesterday
and registered from Cambridge, Mass.
Juan Astarg Pareira, the new Consul
from Chile to this city, arrived yesterday
on the Colon and went to the Occidental.
He is accompanied by his wife and fam
! ily.
Dr. J. G. Driscoll, a well-known and
able physician of Sebastopol, is staying
at the Grand. He arrived yesterday, and
comes on a trip combining pleasure and
rest.
Senator Thomas H. Carter of Montana
is at the Palace, where he arrived yester
day for the purpose of meeting the volun
teers of his State, who are expected to
arrive in a few days from the Philippines.
J. W. Stoltz, a New York millionaire,
is at the Palßce, accompanied by his wife
and daughters. They are touring the coast
on pleasure, and after remaining in the
city for a few days will visit some of the
other Interesting portions of the State.
Edward Booth, well known professionally
in this city, has just accepted a position
in the chemical department of the Univer
sity of California. Mr. Booth is a grad
uate of the university and was formerly
connected with it as an instructor, which
position he left to become chemist and
mineralogist of the State Mining Bureau.
Dr. J. C. Boone of Gilroy, a brother
of T. L. Boone, the purchasing agent of
Smith's cash store of this city, has been
appointed surgeon for the transport City
of Rio de Janeiro, which sails for Ma
nila In a few days. The doctor has been
practicing for some years in the Gilroy
district.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— A. W. Rose,
Mlfs C. Rose and Morgan Hill of San
Francisco are at the Holland. Mr. and
Mrs. O. G. Sage of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan. Miss A. E. Hafl of San
Francisco is at the Vendome. L. Heurte
rout of San Francisco is at the Martin.
Mrs. C. Franciocho is at the Martin, en
route to San Francisco.
CALIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— F. A. Works
and wife are at the Wellington.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend a. •
Special information supplied daily to
bus-ness houses and pub icmen by the
rH» a P "r e^n-^ Mo^
Caledonian Club
The Caledonian Club of this city will
r>n the nUt of the 29th hurt, give an
on the nlgM and dance to its friends in
Irtish "nf ton i'arkin street. The com
on entertainment has prepared a
" t pc e t e wSgrjmme_f°r the eVenlng -
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has i-n in*'' for fifty years Dy millions or
"^ t S her 7for their children while Teething with
£rfec success. It soothes the child, softens
rums allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and a?k for Mrs.
Winelow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTKI- DJSSj CORONADO— Take advantage
,if the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
gteameblp, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Keep looking youns ami save your hair, it*
color a*cl bPauiy With Parker's Hair Balsam,
liindercorna. the best cure for corns, lie.RABBI LEVY'S
BURNING REPLY
TO MARK TWAIN
Denies the Jews Are
Unpatriotic.
Mark Twain, the distinguished, author
•»2d lecturer, has around a great deal of
adverse criticism among the Jewish resi
dents of this city by reason of the views
he hfts expressed i n an article published
in Harper's September number entitled
'•Concerning the •-■,-."
Rev. M. S. Levy, one of the leading
rabbis of this city, took occasion yester
day to rep'.y to Mr. Clemens' sentiments.
His e:oo.u^r.t and burning; reply to the
article wus listened to by a large congre
gation, which filled the Geary-street
temple, the day being marked as the
"Feast of the Tabernacles." There is no
doubt that Dr. Levy's views will create
a sensation throughout the country. Ilia
defense of his brethren is herewith given
in part:
Mr. Twain Introduces his article by Baying:
"A few years ago a Jew observed to- me :>.at
there was no uncourteoua reference to his teo
fi h'jw it happened.
It hardened tweauw the disposition was lack-
L»acklns then, tut not new. After the ac
knowledgment of the peaceful, philanthropic
and domestic puporfority or the Jew. all of
w-.^n haa been ackncwledg-fd-iy many writer*
In.ericr to Mr. Twain, who undertakes to give
tT tfca world a baseless fabrication of per
>"•£*' *** facts likely to deceive the Ignorant and
inflame the masses, he says: "In the United
£J*t« cc was created free In the beginning.
He did net need to heir • • ,*"s~
This is not true. In the Revolutionary War.
o» the fcur mllltona of people who ttred in thl«
country throe th rasand were Jews. Ten per
cerrt or more of these w«r» in the Revolutionary
armle*. Colonel David S. Franks A arm I»
--?ex. Isaac Hart, Samuel Noah. A 'corps of in
.antrr composed entirely of Jews protected
Charleston. An entire company of Jews de
fended Charleston Harbor. Hyam Solomon
tave 1300, OCO to the revolutionary cause. Mor
decal M. Noah gave £20.GC0, mind you. in revo
lutionary' times an Immense fortune, and was
Aacrflwcn Washington's staff. Isaac Morr-.*
Of Philadelphia gave £3000 when Robert M >rrla
undertook to ralre funds in the war of inde
pendence.
Accusation number two on the part of Twain
la as follows: It is urged that in civic life
the" Jew is &il right, but he is charged with an
unpatriotic disinclination to stand by the flag
a« a scldier.
Let va se* how history will sustain Mr.
Twaia in this accusation. In the early Ameri
can wars we find a very large number of Jews.
Brt*ii.'..er Joseph Blumfieid was in command
of Military District He. 4. embracing Virginia.
Delaware ar.d West New Jersey. General DavM
de Leon twice received the thanks of Congress
for his gallantry and bravery. Captain Myer
Frank -sva-s one of the bravest caDtains in the
united States. Lieutenant Max Sachs, killed
at Bowling Green, refused to surrender to the
rebels surrounding him, but succeeded in keep
ing the enemy at bay until reinforcements
arrive!, one of th» most historic feats during
the Civil war. Alex Appel. serseant major
Sixteenth lowa Infantry, distinguished for «av
'.r.g regimental colors at Pittsburs: Landing:
Ltvjpoi.i Karp*!es. color s*»rg«»ant of Company
K. FUty.-serenth Massachusetts Infantry, re
ceived medal of honor from Conarres* for dis
tinguished service at the battle cf the Wilder
ness ty rallying the troops around his colors.
Captain Edward Werthiemer at the battle Ma
nassas with a small guide flag advanced ar.d
cheered his men while the rebels were pouring
a deadly fir* into the Union lines. At the bat
tie of Chanceilersvilie he rescued the State flag
although sorely wounded. Colonel Marcus Spie
gel, son of a rabbi, of the One Hundred and
Twentieth lowa, was killed at Snaggy Poirt.
and b-it for his untimely death he would hay-»
fce«?n promoted to a brigudier general. Brigadier
General Edward Salomon of this city. Sol
Cfchen. department commander of the Grand
Army of the Republic, and ten thousand other
Jews, twenty-five per cent of whom gave up
thMr live?. Droved that there was no unpa
triotic disinclination en their part to stand by
the flas as a soldier.
ihe rame is true of the Jew in every part
cf the world. L*t the French recall the mighty
deeds of Andre Mass^na. Marshal of France:
let the French town of Aries defended
ty the Jews against the Franks and
Burgundia.i*. say if there was any '"dis
inclination upon their part." Let King
Philip of France :e!I of the heroism of his Jew>
isa" soldiers in hi.* expedition, against Count
Gr^y of Flanders: let Napoleon teil how braveiy
they served him in all his battles: let Bur
gos. Toledo, Worms and Prague give testi
mony. R<=ad William the Third of Prussia's
d<>?ree of his appreciation of the Jew as pa
triot and soldier. Ask Turkey and Russia of
the Jew at Plevna and they will tell you. and
they will further add that it Is unmaniy and
cowardly to publicly affirm that the Jew will
not stand by his flag. It Is painful to se^r that
patriotism wl.ich is the Jews' greatest pride
used on every occasion to his detriment. It is
a !tt-el on his manhood and an outrage against
history and truth. So much for that part of
Mr. Twain's accu«a.ti<"-n asainst the Jews' dis
inclination to stand by his flag.
Now as to the n*xt accusation: "The Jew as
a money (tetter and with his fat wealth" Is po
litically of no Importance in any country.
So the Jew is a money tetter? I remember
when a boy it wa= a common charge to be
as rich as a Jew. No long*.* can that charge
be' made a*raSr.«t him. Perhaps, however, the
■world will beerin t>-> recognize his worth as a
man and hencefortfl it will* be '"as good as a
Jew."
■iiVanderbiit. Gould. Astor. Rockefeller. Have
meyer, .-:■ ane. Whitney, Mackar. Huntington,
Armour, Carnegie are not J»ws. and yet they!
possess nearly one-half of all the circulated
wealth of America, and little have they done
f r h irr.asity. Baron and Baroness de Hirsch
V.T- rich and "fat in wealth." but they gave j
dollar they possessed tj humanity, lrre
- tlve of creed. Nathan Strauss of New
' -k has reduced infant mortality 2.1 per cent
ty hIJ philanthropic societies .if sterilized ice. i
~:c. If the Jew Is a money getter the world '
has been benefited by th» human manner in :
which ke spends it. Hetty Greeen. the richest ;
woman in America, loves to set money and Is !
•Tat in wealth." but little is the world bene- '•
f.r°<i thereby. ?o rto the following trusts long I
to b*<ronie wealthy and to money: The to- i
bacco, beer, sugar, oil and beef trusts and all |
the ether trusts in wbi'-h the commodities of :
life largely Sgure are in U-.e banda of men who ■
are not Jews. It wns not a J-w money gutter i
"fat in wealth" who ?avp the army embalmed :
beef, endangering the lives of our soldier?; while ;
they enriched them sol vs. conduct the m^st un- !
patriotic and disloyal; most cruel and inhuman
a blot In the history of cur war with "?->airi" \
Crmrar° the patriotism of th" "mbalmers with :
that of the .I»ws In rerolutlonary times, w n<) ;
pave th«" sinews <jf war to the American people;
compare it with the men •■xr'no nave assassinated
our army and .!raw your own conclusions.
If Mark Twain ha not h»r*>tofore been «n
--courteou? with reference 'o the Jewa, hi.< ia«t
effort brand* him as uripatrirtlc, unmanly ar.d
ur.-Arr!»r!fan.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ROOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Geary Street. Abovr Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIOXERT.
COAL. COKR AND PIO IRON.
Jr WIT cnv x- Pft 9CO Batt>nr Street.
J t- nlLjUil «X tU» Telephone Main 13«t
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BIiYTH, MgT.
CTL r CVITH Ship Plumbing. Steamocat
• IT- J.'illll- and Ship Work a Specialty. l(
and 13 Washington St. Telephone Maia 364 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fIC DHVEC *• Cfi Shipping Bitchers. 104
JAb- DUltiatUi Clay. Tel. Main 2214.
FURS.
J. 11. LUrjIAI/, sty(«», iowest ptices, -e-r.cdeiir.j.
.'. LWIJIAU. i', n. omrwt pricM mi
_^ — — — — —^ —~~ — — —
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, p^ A ££!£
tt Cas .ngs of Every Degcrlptlon M_ to
Order. Tel. Black UO5.
PAPER DEALERS
n it I 4IIFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.
»* ILL.AjILI IE 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTINO.
E C HLGHES> SI! PRINTER, F.
• L- lltUnLJ> 511 Sonsome at.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO WZkwJSZ
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^rarh.c PARTRIDGE "gST*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, %T k %vaEl
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. *t Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th*
Market Office and Tards-450 Main street.
FATHER McKINNON ON
PHILIPPINE CONDITIONS
FATHER McKINNON ADDRESSES THE TRUTH SOCIET\
£ rr\ HE Catholic Truth Society entertained its friends last night at Metro- %
♦ I politan Tern] with a musical programme followed by an address by ♦
~ I the Rev. W. D. McKlnnon. chaplain of the First Regiment, California "i
"f Volunteers. ,j
£ When Harry TTood Brcwn played the overture on the big organ there +
.. was hardly a vacant seat in the auditorium. He was followed by addresses ;
♦ by F. J. Kierce and Major J. F. Connolly; sor.gs of every description by ♦
•«> Herbert Ely. Harry Wood Brown. Miss Ella V. Me ikey and "Billy" £
♦ Hynes. whose three encores terminated with the laughing song which has <}
♦ made him famous. . ♦
■♦■ The introduction of Father McKinnon was the occasion of prolonged ap- .
■v plause. The subject of his lecture as printed on the programme was "The ♦
♦ Californians in the Philippines," but Father McKinnon a.«ked to be excused ■•
5> from talking on this theme and directed his remarks to the Philippines In ♦
•♦" general and conditions as they exist in the islands. He said in part: ••
When I was In the Philippines I received a letter from an enterprising member *
<*► of the Catholic Truth Society, asking me to deliver an address before It upon my re- "
-• turn. I readily consented, but hoped that the acceptance would have been forgotten. +
■i' Not having prepared a lecture or an address. I shall talk in a rambling way of the ' :
♦ Philippine Islands and the many interesting ar.d no-M features of life existing therein. T
Very little cf these islands was known :o the average American when r>°wey's guns 1
T Eounded en the Ist at May. From the day wh»n Magellan landed on the beautiful there* ,t,
«. of the island of Cebu, to the present day, little has been done in the way of their pro- ♦
i> gression. except the Introduction of Christianity. The is!and3 offer er»at commercial ■*
a. possibilities, and they have been neglected. The soil is rich, and the variety of prod- v •♦■
ucts which may be successfully cultivated is great. Everything is in a primitive '♦'
I condition, and tribal methods obtain ti all industries. ♦
8> Alter the address a series of beautiful slides were exhibited. Father Me- 4
*■ Klr.non explaining them as th« views were thrown upon the canvas. A <J
♦ glowing tribute was paid the Archbishop of Manila, whose character and 1
♦- actions, according to the chaplain, have been much maligned. Father Me- 1
$ Kinnon told of walk up the beach, his entrance into Manila and his re- ..
♦■ latlona with the Archbishop after the surrender of the city. Word? of-*
praise were bestowed upon the gallant First and its valorous commanders. <i
MAY TROT OUT
THE DARK HORSE
AT ANY MOMENT
Proposed Republican
Nominee for Mayor.
— •
The Republican "dark horse" for
Mayor may be brought forth to-day.
Henry T. Scott seemed to be confident
yesterday that the candidate whose
name is held in reserve would be made j
known this evening or to-morrow. "His
consent to make the race." said Mr. j
Scott, "has not been obtained, but I j
believe he will accept the nomination. \
In our marking of first choice he has !
received a majority. Each man attend- j
ing the conference writes his first i
choice of a candidate for Mayor, and i
this 'dark horse' leads the list."
The conference referred to by Mr. j
Scott is a council composed of twelve '
or fifteen citizens who have taken an [
active part in organizing the anti-boss ;
dements of the Republican party in the ;
city. The choice of the conference may
not be the choice of the convention, but
the indorsement of the men who are !
working so earnestly to pet the best ;
men of the city to serve the public is ;
sure to carry weight.
The Republicans are making progress j
in their efforts to induce merchants and j
busin»s3 men of known responsibility !
and experience to accept nominations i
for the Board of Supervisors. On the
other hand, the Democrats are mak- :
me but little headway in this direction.
The "old squaws" and the old fossils ■
are besieging the committee of seven
for favorable considei-ation. but the
men whosf 4 services are sought cannot
neglect their business affairs to serve
the city.
The Republicans acknowledge that
they cannot win the office of Mayor and
Assessor except by the hardest kind
of fighting and the presentation of Can
didates of exceptional strength. Last
evening it was ascertained that Super
visor Albert Heyer would accept the
nomination for Assessor. Mr. Heyer
has lived in San Francisco forty years,
and has never been defeated by the
people in an election. He has been a
candidate five times. Once he was
counted out. He is willing to make the
race for Assessor against Dr. Dodge,
and is confident of success at the poll?.
The aspirants for place on the ticket
as candidate for Sheriff are John
Lackmann. Colonel Duboce and Cap
tain Thomas O'Xell. For Auditor W.
G. Doane and Asa R. Wells are can
didates. The list of entries for Public
Administrator is growing. The leaders
in the contest are John Farnham, Will
iam Lyle and the incumbent, Mr.
Drinkh
The meeting of the Republican Con
vention's committee on permanent or
ganization and order of business did
not take place at the Grand Hotel
headquarters last evening. Monday j
afternoon the chairman. A. S. Hubbard,
decided to postpone the meeting and
by postal card gave the members no
tice of the proposed postponement.
Several members failed to receive the!
notice, hence some displeasure was i
manifested when they assembled at !
headquarters last night and found that
the meeting was off.
District delegations throughout the
city nightly listen to the pleading voice
of aspiring- candidates. The Thirty
seventh and Forty-third District dele
gates met last night. The delegates
representing the Thirty-fourth District
will meet at Native Sons' Hall on
Seventeenth street to-morrow evening.
A call is out for a meeting of the
Thirty-sixth District delegation at
Twenty-fourth and Castro streets to
morrow evening.
The Democratic nominating conven
tion will meet at Native Sons' Hall on
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. 1899.
' Mason street next Tuesday evening.
Th leapue gates comDrisinz a
majority nf the Republican convention
will hold a caucus at B'nai B'rith Hal
} Thursday evening of next week. Th'
convention will meet October 3.
There was a meeting of the Repub
i lican deleg-ates of the Thirty-ninth Dis
[ trict last Monday night at 407 Hyd.-
--j street, C. J. King occupied the chair.
j A number of candidates for various of
! fices appeared before the gates and
i made known their political aspirations.
j W. S. L: le, J. B. Farnham and A. Ruef.
! on behalf of Mr. Drinkhouse. are the
candidates for Public Administrator.
Other candidates are Frank French of
the Thirty-sixth District for Recorder
Dr. McLean of 123 Ellis street for Cor
oner, A. Bouvier for Supervisor, and C.
B. Perkins on behalf of I. J. Truman
for Treasurer. Judge Joachimsen and
Judge T. F. Graham for Police Judges.
! J. Harry Scott of the Thirty-fifth for
j Tax Collector and Mr. Doane for Audi
; tor. Supervisor Heyer was mentioned
I to the delegates as a probable candi
l date for Assessor. Supervisor Lackmann
I obtained the indorsement of the dele
-1 gatYs for the office of Sheriff. No de
; partment candidates presenting them
! selves from the Thirty-ninth, it was the
! intention of the delegates to demand
! the naming of at least two good men
! as Supervisors from that district.
Another Oil Company
The Fen I --oleum Oil and De
mpany of Ventura County
orated yesterday with a capital
■" > ■ ■ 00 of which $59,100 has hpen
ribed. The directors are A. C. Dietz
I Ench. R. E. de B. Lopez. C. L.'
md C. H. Cushing-.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MRS. PINKHAM says that irritability indicates disease.
Women who are nervous and snappish are to be
pitied. Their homes are uncomfortable ; their dis-
positions grow constantly worse. Such women need the coun-
sel and treatment of a woman who understands the peculiar
. . troubles of her sex.
Fl/ITOV t%M\T Mms. Anna E. Hall, of Mill-
mLwmLmm>m m m dale. Conn., was all run down in
"3* jm m a^A llffTfl i health and had completely lost
1 #IL«fv VWSMMM \ control of her nerves. She 'wrote
UI#^I MkMBT MM ~ to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass.,
wW %JBYBKmFw for advice. Now she writes :
1 ' " I wish to thank you for what
your Vegetable Compound has done for me. It has helped me
more than anything else. I suffered for a long time with ner-
vousness, pains in back and limbs and falling of the womb;
also had neuralgia in my head and could not sleep. I told
my husband that some-
thing must be done, tor
I was nearly frantic with §SjS^^^^^^^^P^^^|
the wonderful cures
etable Compound had g *&& . 'v^P^"*^*^«-
performed. I determined § l^^? >
to try it. I have taken o>4S^2Bjjo' <(f^ I - !
it and am happy to say I " > "" V " > ~agywW /
am cured. I recommend it g'^^^M '^^^^§0^
to all my friends and never ST^NgiS 7^< •'^^^i
have derived from its use. I """ r 'T^'§
have you alone to thank for I%^^?^^,^^
Mr>. Eli.ex Ft.av\-
iv 1810 Mountain St., O OO oo &&&tSg4^~j!j* \ - .i^S
and cross, and can say«*~^^ I \ \&&S^-. $^srv£"£o7o
that after taking seven of. \ \ !^« : '§
bottles of Lydia E. Pink- < CL>~ — ' "~~^ o
ham's Vegetable Compound was entirely cured. I take great
pleasure in writing this to you and would be pleased to be
interviewed by any one who is afflicted with that distressing
complaint. lam very grateful to you."
LEGALITY OF
THE TAX LEVY
IS DISPUTED
County Officials Say
It is Invalid.
"Was the tax levy fixed on Monday by
the Supervisors invalidated by the fact
that the park fund was allowed but .0535
on the dollar instead of .06. as required
by statute? That question was discussed
at greater length yesterday by the pov
erty-stricken heads of municipal depart
ments and their employes than any mat
ter of business that came into the City
Hal! during the day. A rumor that the
levy was invalid was started on the
rounds early in the morning, and the
spirits of those whose salaries were
docked and whose appropriations were
cut to the minimum went up like a sum
mer resort thermometer. That there was
some foundation for the belief was dem
onstrated by a glance at the statutes.
The particular clause which is intended
to assure funds for park purposes reads
as follows:
■•The Board of Supervisors. Municipal
Council or other legislative body of any
city or city and county in the State, hav
ing' within its limits parks and ground*
under the control and management of a
Board of Park Commissioners and of an
area or acreage of more than ten acres.
la hereby authorized and empowered to
ievy and collect each year in the mode
prescribed by law for the levy and col
lection of taxes a tax of not less than 6
nor more than 10 cents upon each $100 on
the assessed valuation of taxable prop
erty within such city or city and county.
tor the purpose of preserving, maintaln
.ng and Improving the parks and grounds
under the control of such Board of Park
Commissioners."
To this section the Park Commissioners
called the attention of the Board of Su
pervisors when it submitted its first levy
but when the levy adopted by the board
on Monday was considered on Sunday by
the Mayor and Supervisor Perrault they
■lecided to ignore it and fix a lower rig
ure. They contend now that even if the
aw made"it mandatory upon the board to
set aside 6 cents for park purposes the
whole levy would not be Invalidated If it
failed to do so.
In that opinion the most prominent at
torneya in the city agree. District At
torney Murphy said last night that it was
a matter upon which he would refuse to
clve an offhand opinion, but that he could
hot conceive of any such result arising
out of a slight dereliction of duty on the
r.art of the Supervisors. Garret McEner
hey was of the same opinion. E. S. Pills
burv looked well Into his law books and
rendered the same decision. The attor
neys were a unit on that point, and had
only a few of the Supervisors and heads
jf departments to disagree with them.
The point is one that has never been
tested in the courts, and probably will
not te on this occasion, as the commis
sion most affected, the Park Commission,
ha* announced through Mr. Zeile that it
will take advantage of no such opportu
nity to raise the money it deems neces
sary for park purposes. However, any of
the well-slashed heads or any taxpayer
may throw th- matter into court and
-ettle the question once and for all.
n
.
U
n
f
W
t
,
de
r
ki
H
C
W
J.
.
ni
L,
Party Convention.
The People's Part:. Convention wis held
n Pvthian Castle last night and was
.•ailed to order by Dr. C. D. Cleveland. J.
McCusker was elected temporary chair
nan and Aaron Wasch secretary. The
i'ollowing committees were appointed:
Committee on credentials— J. N. fish.
William Day. J. N. Dauton. ■'. A. Sstltt
tr.d Beniamin Rosenberg.
Committee on rules and permanent or
ganization—G. D. Gillespie, Louis Schnei
der. M. D. Mullaney. R. A. Stitt. L.
Crackron and Henry Rosenberg.
Committer on ..-form— William Mea
kin A. Crooker. H. T:.-sman, Charles
Hafser and H. Huppert.
Governing committee A. B. Kinne. A.
Crooker. H. Huppert. G. D. Gillespie. A.
Wasch. C. H. Harg-'- William Meakin,
J. H. Custer. C. J. Deseda. H. Tissman
;.nd L. Crackbon.
Committee on candidates — G. D. Gilles
pie A. Whs, William Meakin, H. Hup
bert and J- N. Fish.
■ » ■
St. Francis Golden Jubilee
An entertainment for the golden jubilee
fund of St. Francis Church, of which Rev.
T. Caraher is rector, will be given in
Washington-square Hall, Union and
Stockton streets. Tuesday evening, Octo
ber 3. The chief feature of the entertain
ment will be the "War Views of Cuba."
which will be exhibited by Mr. James W.
Erwin.
For the benefit of the same' fund Rev.
W. D. McKinnon. chaplain of the First
California Volunteers, will lecture later
In Metropolitan Temple. This will be
Father McKlnnon'a great effort, and he
will then deal exclusively with the war hi
the Philippines.
■ ♦ .
Every ticket sold guarantees 1 seat on
the Ukiah excursion Sunday, September
»■» Fare. $2. Leave Tiburon ferry at
5:30 a. m. •
Customs Appointment
Port Co.lector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed A. E. Neodham as Customs In
■ r. Mr. Nffiihatn's name was taken
from the eligihlp Rat
ADVERTISEMENT S.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From It
Without Knowing Its Real
Character. i
■No trouble Is more common or more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia.
People having it think that their nerves
are to blame, are surprised that they are
not cured by nerve medicines and spring ;
remedies; the real seat of mischief Is lost !
sight of; the stomach is the organ to be
looked after. i
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have ;
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor i
perhaps any of the usual symptoms of
stomach weakness. Nervous dyspepsia
shows itself not In the stomach so much ,
as in nearly every i yi-r organ; in som: •
cases the heart palpitates and is irreg- !
ular: in others the kidneys are affected; j
in others the bowels are troubled, with
loss of flesh and appetite, with the accu-
mulation of gas. sour risings and heart- ;
burn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. 61 Prospect !
street. Indianapolis, Ind., writes as fol-
lows: "A motive of pure gratitude!
prompts me to write these few lines re- '
garding the new and valuable medicine, j
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I have been
a sufferer from nervous dyspepsia for the
last four years; have used various patent
medicines and other remedies without any ,
favorable result. They sometimes gave
temporary relief until the effects of the
medicine wore off. I attributed this to
my sedentary habits, being a bookkeeper
with little physical exercise, but I am
glad to state that the tablets have over-
come all these obstacles, for I have
gained in flesh, sleep better and am better
in every way. The above Is written not
for notoriety, but Is based on actual facts.
Respectfully yours, j
"A. W. SHARPER,
"61 Prospect St., Indianapolis. Ind."
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach, j
They cure sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh
ami appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation,
heartburn, constipation and headaches.
Send for valuable little book on stomach
diseases by addressing Stuart Co.. Mar-
shall. Mich.
All druggists sell full sized packages at j
50 cents.
I Will Give $1000
-ggjQNgggg^ If I fail to cure any
jjmsSM^-~ ca n c e R orr i ",^ t I
tar Tf*£l&&~& I^ '■■s&&* '"* or aff^ts the
rjjjr TQ&pr "^^JPK ribs or other
I rng, grr* Jfiß No K ll^ !
I >/ . & Until Cured.
jjJBmCl, f~~ 2S years' experi-
I fEwSfiSsj^y fence. 1000 cancers
V 'sJTS?'^^ A now in my offices in
\ J ( alcohol. Ladyattend-
M#ifi i ant - An y hard i
jm^^i^^^ -'' ,'Sfonr, lump anywhere
j A °y |vm P in a
i Woman's Breast is Cancer
I If large always poisons the glands in armpit, :
i when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . , ,
: With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
' thousands cured in California, Write them.
■ S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
i SEND THIS to seme one WITH CANCER.
| ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, |
DR. METERS A CO. have the largest prac- S
tice and best equipped medical institution m
en the Pacific Coast. Established IT years. B
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office ■
I or by mail. All letters confidential- «
! 731 Market St., San Francisco.!
Xvtsri OR JORDAN'S i = -:*-
{HUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
i J£ W- ■ **-3;ir ST. If. 6:i*7tt. SJ.ZtLd
1 T 'Of Ths Lar^rst Anatomical Museum in tie \
& i=«5W»» *" I|i VVe.ikue".e* or any contracted i
' Sfc S£i d;seise {w*l«l»^ly rurml by the oldest '
0 fl^gf § OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
S i ]s*f S Tr« itment pcr^ona!:y rr b;.- l-r:rr: A M
j \ i T^ll Pa*Jtv9 Cvra in every case undenaksn. V
ATI \m ■>r:!ef.!rßKk,f«ltO»UPHXcfi
ft I jl^ B4RRIACE, MAILED FRES. (.if
A <J /I Taluable book for mm) a
f OR JORDAN *CO . 1051 Market F. 9
D DTTCXJTTC FOR barbers, bak-
JD it U LIJCa O ''*• bootbUck*. bath-
! r.cuies, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
6fTi. flour mill*, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers painters, thee factories,
•tablemen, tar- roofer*, tannem. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 009 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
v"A TlP"— Secure S^ats In Advance.
i LAUGHING WEEK! '
The Funniest Comedy Yet,
TOO MUCH. .
JOHNSON . . .
PRICES 15c, 25c 35c, 59c
MATINEE EVERT SAT. AND STJNDAT.
NEXT WEEK— "THE IDLER."
OL YMF 9 ! A c o D D . M n-6*
The only free vaudeville show in the city,
See New Muni Decorations by Famous Artists
j Famous Sew York Favorite.
....RUTH NELTA....
Singing Comedienne.
i The Reai Thin? in Rag Time,
ZOA MATTHEWS
Don't fait to nee her while ycu have a chance.'
CiRDELLizR BROS.
_■•!,. ■■ Briati rind Contortionists.
! A [■;■-. ini in '.'.til.--.
• LOUISE K££S/.VC
Wilt S'n? Some New- rind Original ?'-nsrs.
i And a Host of Other First-cla^s Attractions.
i Matinee Every in. lay. , Admission Free.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
| CONCEPTS MD aESOHTS.
! CHUTES AND ZOO.
' EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS
HARMON and SEABURY. High Divers
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW...^*TATEUR NIGHT
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH.
Phone for Seats, Park 13.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Sc
Bathing, Including admission, ■ 25; Children, :oc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FEATHER BOAS— We have just received a large consignment of
the finest quality of Real Ostrich Feather Boas and Collarettes.
The variety is so extensive that it contains every length, every
quality and every coior— Black, White, French Gray and
Natural — and as our orders were placed before advance in
ostrich feathers, our prices are correspondingly low.
WOOL DEPARTMENT— We have recently added a department for
the sale of Knifing Wools and Embroidering Materials, and its
stock is complete in all grades and varieties of German Knitting
Yarns, Zephyrs, Fleicher's Saxony, Germantown, Spanish,
Shetland Wool and Shetland Floss, etc, in newest and most
desirable shades, at lowest prices.
TOILET ARTICLES— Our Toilet Article* and Perfumery Depart-
ment is another new addition to our establishment It con-
tains all the fin?*; Perfumeries, Combs, Brushes, Face and
Tooth Powders, Fancy Soap> of all kinjs, including Wool, Tar,
Glycerine, Oatmeal, etc., and a full line, of Rubber Goods, at
lowest prices.
!F!m Murphy Building, /
Cor, Market. Jones and McAllister Sts,
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW
FREE STAGE SHOW!
AFTERNOONS AND NIGHTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR,
THE PAVILION,
TO-PAY— Free Souvenirs of beautiful Cups
and Saucers until 5 p. m. to ladies buying ad-
mission tickets at box office.
SPECIAL FEATURES ALL. DAT— Free Fili-
pino Acts; Ma3ter Harry Mangels and Etta
Aron<=on, winners of Pacific Coast Int»rnational
Cakewalk Carnival: Mi3s Pearl Hlckman.
Drum Major: Miss Raymond In Cornel Solo:
Specialty, "Hello. Ma Babr." by Little Dot.
and a grand parade of a!! the villagers, circus
people, animal!", automobile, etc., led by the
band each nl^ht at 1:15. .
DON'T MISS THE FUN.
The Filipino Village and Guide, the Indian
Village and Workers, the Manufacturing Ex-
hibits—they all must be seen to be appreciated.
TO-NIGHT IS MACCABEES' NIGHT.
RECEPTIONS. DRILLS BY KNIGHTS AND
LADIES.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, UNION IRON
WORKS' NIGHT— A big Challenge Cakewalk
and regular Free Vaudeville Show on stage.
FRIDAY BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG
SATURDAY CHINESE BABY DAT.
COLUHBIAfe
12 NIGHTS AND Dp* ynvnAY Spnt 25
TWO MATINEES DBgi ■ HUIIUAI, oC|ll. 40,
■ THIS HOUSE REOPENS WITH
MODJESKA
Assisted by MR JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players UDder the Manage-
ment of JOHN C. FISHER.
For the first week, every evening and Saturday
Matinee, a new historical play by Clin-
ton Stuart, entitled,
MARIE ANTOINETTE.
ARTISTIC SCENIC PRODUCTION*.
Seats ready TO-MORROW MORNING at «
o'clock.
N. Throughout the Modjeska engagement
the curtain will rise at S o'clock sharp.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
AGAIN PACKED TO THE DOORS.
THIS EVENING
IN THE PRESENCE OF THE MINNESOTA
VOLUNTEERS,
Offenbach's Delightful Comic Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
Hear the Glorious Finale to the Second Act.
See the Beautiful White and Silver March of
Beautiful Girls.
Don't Miss the Most Enjoyable Entertainment
In the City.
USUAL POPULAR FRICES— IOc. 15c, 25c, 35c,
BEST RESERVED SEAT AT SATURDAY
MATINEE— Cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
SOLDIER NIGHT TO-NIGHT!
MATINEE TO-DAT— Wed., Sept. 20.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
We, any part.
FREDERICK ALLEN and
MOLUE FULLER-
BRIGHT BROTHERS.
STINSON and MERTON.
TERRY an.i LAMBERT.
BACHELOR CLUB.
CHARLEY CASE,
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
T A N 3.
Telephone Main 532.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT: TO-NIGHT! -TO-NIGHT*.
THE GREAT WAGNER TRIUMPH.
"LOHENGRIN."
Berthald. Mortens, Schuster. Ella Prosnlta and
:-■--•- Mary Ltnck. etc.. in the cast.
"LOHENGRIN" repeated FRIDAY EVENING
and SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE SENSATIONAL SUCCESS.
"OTHELLO."
With Afedano, Salassa, Llchter. Beckwlth, etc.
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES, 25 AND H CENTS.
Telephone for seats. Bush 9.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1539.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs- '
day. Friday ami Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2,. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting i
with trains stopping at the entrance to the '
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars i at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vis Ala-
mcda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. -
WeeHy Gall $1.00 per Year
STATEMENT
of the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut. on the Hat day of December,
A. D. US.?, and for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
i the State of California, pursuant to the re-
quirements of section 813 of the Political Cod*
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
j in Cash
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owped by
the Company $10,977,843 11
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 23,900,139 33
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds, Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral I.JOO 00
Premium notes and loans la any
form taken In payment of premi-
ums on policies now In force 3*4, US 1*
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Compaay.... 20. 406, 43
i Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's office
'■ Amount of Cash deposited In Banks 1.588,745 M
! Interest doe and accrued 965.702 S3
Rents due and accrued 12,572 27
Net amount of premiums In process
; of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 123,543 40
Total assets - 5g4.152.357 2?
LIABILITIES.
i Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $ 17,570 50
; Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
: adjustment, or adjusted but not
; due 149.119 »
Claims resisted by the Company — 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out-
: standing policies, computed ac-
i cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
per cent interest 35.161.514 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
i policy holders T52.457 17
■ Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled 141. 09
i Premiums paid in advance 34.354 S3
| Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities 13,093 00
Total liabilities $36.665.845 20
INCOME.
! Cash received for premiums on new
; policies during the year $ 339,300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
! urns during the year 4,417.560 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1.570 M
Cash received for interest 1.780.280 0?
Cash received for rents 309.987 Z3
1 Cash received from all other sources
Total income 17.838.478 It
EXPENDITURES.
' Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments *4. 283. 340 44
'Cash paid to annuitants TS 00
Paid tar surrendered policies 636.040 53
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
, ers 1.272,635 73
i Cash paid for dividends to stock-
holders
Commissions paid to agents 360,504 71
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners — 151. 93
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 23.999 S3
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 21.475 43
Cash paid for taxes 204.335 *t
Cash paid for rents 7.037 00
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 177. «2
AH other cash payments 179.160 00
Total expenditures during the
: year • •• $7.433,360 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obllgatlcns at
beginning of the year... 5383. 316 71
Premium notes and oth»r
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... 668 00
Total 13&8.953 7>
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in payment of losses and
claims $22,277 ST
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used .
in purchase of surren-
dered policies 9.350 43 -
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of dividends
to policy holders... 55.311 88
Amount of note 3 and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.. 2.124 CO
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations re-
! deemed by maker la
cash 11.327 ?7
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account $73, 5}
Balance, note assets at end of the
year • $304.622 13
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
17th day of February. . 1899.
NATHAN F. PECK, Notary Public
F\ R. NOYES,
GENERAL AGENT,
A. K. F\ HARMON,
District Superintendent Agsndes,
30-31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*.
WVVVWMWWVVVVVVVVVVVWVW
>£jj£jsiar injection. I
!; A PERMANENT CURE \
j i of the: most obstinate eases of Gonorrhea i '
, | and Gleet, raaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
i [ dajs ; no other treatment required. s
1 [ _ Sold by all druggists. S
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 strength to sexual organs. Deoot, 321 Market.
78
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unsettled. Exchange remains the same.
Wheat neglected and nominal. Freights firmly held.
Farley very dull, zvith ample offerings.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously reported.
Choice Hay steady; medium and lower grades depressed.
No change in Feedstuff s.
New Beans coming in slowly. Seeds unchanged.
es depressed. Tomatoes in heavy supply.
Heavy receipts of Butter from the north.
Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry kept weak b\ large receipts from the East.
Wine Crapes arrive sparingly and bring fine prices.
Lemons and Limes scarce and firm.
ns doing heifer.
Dried readies improving, contrary to expectations.
Dried Apples weak and Prunes very dull.
Apricots, Pears and Nectarines very firm.
Prices for new crop Walnuts expected this week.
Provisions quieted down again.
Wool. Hides and Tallow firm. Hops dull.
Hogs easy at the decline. Beef and Mutton firm again.
Grain Bags unchanged.
Oils stand as before quoted.
Charters.
It loads Lumber at Port Ludlow for
Honolulu.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say:
: de from the firmness created in raisins
1 y th.: failure of the a to announce
al feature In the
ly. Notwithstand
ing the general quiet, not to say dullness,
thing is- held tirm, except peaches,
have been weak most ol the time since
tne g j ze  - known. Dealers
aie showing moi -. and
:-i price la made,
nearly all - ■ " ilsht, are
h<-:d tinn, and oJ ted aa read
ily as the. week. There is com
paratively little business stirring in any grade,
the ti ■ vu l 0
await the announcement .: new ijrlces.
••p r inchanged. bales are
made In a small way at B%c, 1. o. b.. in bags,
! outside goods at 3c;
111 all that are sold, and
both holders and buy
. p the market quiet tor
A small n the part
ales, but not
• r -is be likely
to put prices di wn, even a Bhadc.
I a ill, \s ith almost no
-3 in any quality. Buyers are holding
• ■:.. output is likely
g to make heavy ltivestmt-nts
• A urce und firm. Few are left
, n Orßi ■■■ careful to keep
everything up to previous prices. The tendency
it upward. „
"In other lines there is no change, but all
held firm, j.-nding the revival or
fall and winter trade, which is considered sure
tv come beture the close of the month.
Wine and Br.indv Trade.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the first eight months of. the year
were as follows, compared with the same time
last year- Of Wine, 10,667,700 gallons, against
10.434.600; or Brandy. 034.000 gallons, against
lf The' exports of Wine from this port by sea
during the eight months were 2,167,000 gallons
and cases, against 3.152.300 gallons and 4SS7
cases in IS9S.
Exports and Imports.
During the month of August the value of
the imports of merchandise into the United
States was 166.715.737. and the value of the
exDOrta during the month $104,648,436, showing
an excess of exports of 129,699. For the
fight months ending August the value of the
ImiiGrts of merchandise was $515,240,674 and
that Of exports $792,696,332, the value of the
excess of exports being J277,354,6£.8. The ex
cess of Imports of gold for the month was
$1 224,316. while for the eight months the ex
cess of exports was $2,652,349. The excess ol
exports of silver for the month was $1.149, 000
and for the eight months $15,103,050. The value
of the excess of exports of merchandise over
that of Imports 'or the eight months ending
August 31 1593. and the five years following
was- $21" TM 7J9: $47,561,634: $169,239,698; $309,
-530.745; $613,451,802; $ ;•' 226,817.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
There Is a quiet but steady business doing
Ifomla fruits in London and prices for
supplies of which are getting limited,
are advancing. Apricots are for the moment
••■•I. The home trade demand for Bal
een slightly better and prices are
unchanged, says the Iy'tid.-.n Grocers' Gazette.
The cnt<h on the Fraser River Is over, and.
.UK to cable advices received, the pack
. -■■<<, which, with 200,000 cases
on the northern rivers, makes up the total
pack of British Columbia salmon to I
A.l least hair a million cases will, it
la expected, come to this country.
Weather Report.
ri2flth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 19, 1899, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wore
reported from stations In California to-day:
KureAa Ml San Diego 70
Fresno 102! Sacramento 94
Loa Angeles BO Independence 92
Tied luff 98 Yuma 108
Ban Luis Obispo Uo|
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
71; minimum, BO; mean. CO.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, except alon?
the ast, where there has been a slight rise.
An area of low pressure of the usual summer
type overlies Arizona and Southeastern Cali
fornia.
The temperature has fallen slowly along th»
coast, and conditions arc favorable for dense
fog along the entire coast of California. The
weather has continued favorable for raisin
making in the vicinity of Fresno.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 20. 1593:
For Northern California— Fair Wednesday;
not quite ho warm In the interior; southerly
■winds inland; fresh westerly winds on the
coast with fog.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday;
light northwesterly winds.
For Nevada — Fair Wednesday; cooler.
For Utah— Fair Wednesday.
For Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
For Pan Francisco and vicinity —
Wednesday; cooler; fresh westerly winds with
fog In the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.- The delicate tension
of tlio speculative tfmper was Illustrated by
the course of to-day's market, which seemed
to he going prosperously on Its way toward
ration and recovery In prices until tho
If hour of the trading. After that time
prices were bowled over In every direction,
]ik>- :t set of ten pins which had been set up
i be knocked down attain. The st- 11-
Ing movement waa in full force when the
marki I I i>rlces tending rapidly down-
Borne ■ f the earlier Rains were held
ih'Hi^h In other prominent stocks the notable
leved earlier in the day was most
i. wiped out. The market pave every appear
r having thrown off the Incubus of the
money scare. The reports from abroad were
of n more conciliatory attitude on the part of
lent Kruger, and the decision of the
nt to pardon Dreyfus caused
:; rally in foreign markets. There as well as
the phort Interest had been largely over
ded and they found some difficulty in
securing Itoclci to cover short contracts. Pro
al operators who hnd secured stocks at
lay's low level had turned hull and there
was a fair volume of buying in commission
| houses, attracted by yesterday's lute recovery
in prices. Prices were marked high at the
opening and trading was very active for a
time, but on a descending scale. After prices
had got back to near yesterday's close a
i demand of substantial character developed for
I standard railroad stocks. Some of the special
ties, notably the New York traction stocks,
! which have suffered violent losses, were
I marked up rapidly. Late in the day a very
1 buoyant tone carried the coalers upward under
■ the lead of Laekawanna, which advanced an
extreme 114. Other members of the group
rose from 24 to 4 points. Metropolitan's ex
treme rise was 64. Brookly Transit was up at
] one time 4%. Many other specialties were up
I between 2 and 3 points, and the active rail-
I roads very generally showed gains of from
1 to IV Such was the state of affairs when
traders began to take profits in the coalers
and Metropolitan Street Railway. It did not
! take the bears long to wipe out all of the
gains In Brooklyn Transit, and the course of
prices turned quickly downward. The selling
movement continued actively until the close.
The advance in prices was accompanied by pro
fessions of confidence that the money market
difficulties had been passed. Call money ruled
at 6 per cent and above during the day. The
banks are not losing quite as heavily as last
week, either to the sub-treasury or to the in
terior. But the outward movement of money
' is more than sufficient to make Inroads upon
' the legal reserve of the banks. It Is known
i that many loans which have been called have
; been placed with other borrowers or have re
sulted simply in a shifting of collaterals while
the loan was marked up but I? ft otherwise
undisturbed. Reports found currency that con
siderable money had been placed in call loans
for account of Canadian banks. One New-
York bank took out additional circulation in
Washington to the amount of 1250,000, which
notes had already been printed and mad*
1 available for circulation. Except in these
cases there Is no evidence of any actual re
plenishment of cash for the New York market,
nor is any discernahle in the Immediate future.
Bankers express the oponion that money will
continue hard at 6 per rent or above. One
of the vagaries of the situation is that sterling
exchange held stead'- to firm to-day with buy-
Ing for London account of over 18. 000 shares
of stocks, -while it dropped sharply yesterday
In spite of London's selling of over 40.000
shares. Competent authorities do not look for
gold imports until much later In the fall.
Bonds showed gains and held better than
stocks In the late weakness. Total sales, par
value, 12,290,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Bid.
2,400 Atchison 26%
28,760 Atchison prefd 62%
4,200 Baltimore <fc Ohio 4S"i
Canadian Pacific Si : ,
850 Canada Southern 52%
1,060 Central Pacific 66U
1.400 Chesapeake <g/ Ohio 27
4,800 Chicago Great Western H\,
24,120 Chicago Burlington A Quincy 1294 i
Chicago Indiana & Louis 0%
Chicago Indiana & Louis prefd 92
400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92
620 Chicago & Northwestern 167
10,3b0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1124
M 0 C C C & St Louis 64%
2,800 Colorado Southern 4.-C
4 0 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 434
100 Colorado Southern 2nd pri fd IB
S,"10 Delaware & Hudson 123* i
24.360 Delaware Lackawanna & Western..
700 Denver & Rio Grande 22%
1,500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75%
Erie 1314
1.720 Erie Ist prefd 36* i
1.060 Great Northern prefd 164
I.OW Hocking Coal 174
320 Hocking Valley 34
3,400 Illinois Central 112%
100 lowa Central 13
1,400 lowa Central prefd •.. 55
720 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 84
Lake Erie & Western 184
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 78
I^ike Shore 202
9.310 Louisville & Nashville 78%
39.955 Manhattan L ins**
14,775 Metropolitan Street Railway mi;
1,400 Mexican Central ]4V
130 Minnesota & St Louis 714
Minnesota & St Louis prefd 93
9.560 Missouri Pacific 44*;
200 Mobile & Ohio 44
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12\
1,860 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .... 89%
8.255 New Jersey Central llft' A
9,857 New York Central 13514
2,700 Norfolk & Western '. 24%
1.775 Norfolk & Western prefd 69 1 ,
9.650 Northern Pacific 52%
1,000 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
12,125 Ontario & Western 25"4
200 Oregon Railway & Nay 44'
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 754
R.IOO Pennsylvania 1311;
3.200 Reading 21U
23.150 Reading Ist prefd V" r <-.,
2.200 Reading 2nd prefd " ?.->\
Rio Grande Western '..' 36
Rio Grande Western prefd SO
1.020 St Louis and San Fran ]]%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd ..... 70'
St Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd .. 36
2,200 St Louis Southwestern 141'
1.800 St Louis Southwestern prefd .. 34
28.125 St Paul .. 127U
St Paul prefd ] '.!177%
100 St Paul & Omaha 117
28.720 Southern Pacific , 3r,«
1.24" Southern Railway '..'. 12
6.E25 Southern Railway prefd ci«
4,000 Texas & Pacific 19%
11.125 Union Pacific 44
13,460 Union Pacific prefd " 7f,u
100 AVabash " 7 3
2.100 Wabaoh prefd ..".".".".! 21"i
7.600 Whet-ling & Lake Erie "' 12
2,182 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2nd prefd .. 294
Wisconsin Central 17
P C C & St Louis '.'. 764
Express Companies —
Adams 515
100 American us
100 United States co
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton OH 431
- Cotton Oil prefd $2
American Malting if;
800 American Malting prefd " 66 i
2.600 American Smelting & Refng .*.. ss«!
3,400 American Smelting & lU-tng prefd. 88U
American Spirits 51*
American Spirits prefd " 30
2.700 American Steel Hoop 411/
E2S American Steel Hoopprefd s-iZ
10.110 American Steel & Wire  61
17.200 American Steel * Wire prefd .. " 97
2.490 American Tin Plate '" 394
7£o American Tin Plate prefd ' s<;
SO.SCO American Tobacco 124%
American Tobacco prrfd 143"
2.275 Anaconda Mining Company ... '" r,2%
120.620 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ;~ 90
14.575 Colorado Fuel & Iron r.gii
7.0 M) Continental Tobacco ' 4;
21,250 Continental Tobacco prefd " it
14.985 Federal Steel it
4,200 Federal Steel prefd .... " MU
MM General Electric iiqv
1,2:-6 Glucose Sugar ......'.'.'.'.'. «T
Glucose Sugar prefd 104
1,000 International Paper '" 27V
r.50 International Paper prefd .. ... "* »
r.OO Leclede Gas ii
700 National Biscuit '. [; 45
National Biscuit prefd '.'. '.'."" 9S'4
300 National Lead "" <>ri?
137 National Lead prefd " '"iin "
1.200 National Steel "" 51U
tOO National Steel prefd . " 971,4
New York Air Brake ..........Y.Y.'jM
2,400 North American 101'
"1,400 Pacific Coast '.'.'."" 48U
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
Pacific Const 2nd prefd 644
"0 Pacific Mall 401/
12.260 People's Gas nov,
100 Pressed Steel Car '. f,G
fiC'O Pressed Steel Car prefd R9W
275 Pullman Palace Car 16»%
THE SAN FIUN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1599.
760 Standard Rope & Twine 6H
23.485 Sugar }**
Sugar prefd 1 7
20,575 Tennesse Coal & Iron ] <-J
IS LOO United States Leather Ji'/s
6.E50 United States leather prefd 7d
1.400 United States Rubber 4 ;^*
United States Rubber prefd 114
"Western Union s "
2.400 Republic Iron & Steel 28
SCO Republic Iron & Steel prefd *1*
747,000 Shares Bold.
CLOSING STOCKS.
D S 2s rep 100% jM X & T 2ds 70%
Do 3s reg IOM-j, Do 4ds ■>}
Do coup 108% N V Cent Ists 11l
Do new 4» reg. .130 N .1 Cent f?en a 5 ..120
Do cup 130 No Carolina 65. ...150
Do old 4s reg.... Hi's Do 4s 104% |
Do coup 113V4 No Pacific Ists.... 113
Do 5s rep.: 111% Do 3s M*
Do coup 111% Do 4? 103%
Dlat Colum 5.658.117 N YC& St L *5..107%
Ala class A 109%|Norf &■ W con 4s. 94* 4
Do class B 109 Do gen 6s *»
Do class C 103 Ore Nay lsts 115
Do currency ....100 Do 4s l n '-"i
Atchison Ken 4s...U>2Vg Ore Short Line 65.1-S
Do adj 4s KG Do con 5s Hi
Can So 2ds 1094 Reading gen 45.... 87%
Ches & Ohio 4Vis. 96% R <• W Ists ?.?* !
Do 5s 118 Bt L& I M con ss. 113 ;
Chi & NW con 7s. 143 St L& S F gen 65.124»,
Do B F deb 55... 120 St Paul con 173%
Chi Term 4b 96 St PC & P 15t5. .121
D & R G 18t5....106% Do F,s 121
Do is 99% So Railway fis 108V4 I
E Term Va & Ga 8 Rope & Twine 6s 83 ;
Fts 104 ITenn new set 35.. 97%
Erie pen 4<= 7114 Texas & Pac 18ta.114%
F W & D C Ist.. 74 ; Do 2ds 57
Gen Elec 5s 11 Union Pacific 45... 104 (
G II & S A ..108 W"abas>h Ists 114»» :
Do 2ds 108 ' Do 2ds 100
H & T C as 11l j West Shore 4s 113
Do con Cs 11l Wis Cent Ists 77
lowa Cent Ists 116 Ya centuries Si
XC P & Q Ists.. 7Ui Do deferred .... 4 i
La new con 4s 109 C&S 4s 85% ;
L & Nash unl 4s. 39%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 1 "■>
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth 10
Deadwood Quicksilver 1 90
Gould & Curry 25 Do prefd 775
Hale & Norcross.. 2S; Sierra Nevada 74
Hom<vtake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 54 Union Con 40
Mexican 45 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- | West End 98%
Call loans 4tf?s| Do prefd 113%
Time loans 4@s%|Westgh Elec — ... 47
Stocks— i Do prefd 70
Atch Top & S F.. 20%:Wis Central 17
Do prefd 624 Bonds —
Am Sugar 144 Atchiton 4s 09
Do pr«*fd 117 Mining Shares—
Bell Tel 855 Adventure "hi
Boston & Albany. .26o Allouei Mm C 0.... 6M<
Boston I, 170% ; Atlantic 27
Boston & Maine. ..l 99 'Boston & M0nt. ...835
C 13 & Q 129% Butte & 805t0n.... 63
Ed Elec 111 205 Calumet & Hec1a..775
Fltchburg prefd 121% Centennial K34
Gen Elee 120 Franklin 174
Do prefd 141 :Humholdt 2%
Federal Steel 63% Osee-.la 84
Do prefd 78 Parrot 46
Mexican Cen Quincy 152
Mich Tel SSVi Santa Fe Copper.. 12%
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 210
Old Dominion 31 IWinona 10
Rubber 474 Wolverines 444
Union Pac 44-2 Utath 374
Union Land 5%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Money on call, firm,
at 6@7 per cent; last loan. 6 per cent; prime i
mercantile paper, 4»i'ijs per cent. Sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85%@4 iS% for demand and at $4 S2
'<M S2U for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83% and
$4 86%®4 87; commercial bills. $4 Mi; silver
certificates. 59 ; c: bar silver, 58 11-16 c; Mexi
can dollars, 474 c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available rash balance, $254, 089,167; gold re
serve, 1254,623,227.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were heavy at the open-
Ing to-day, but rallied on rumors that the
Transvaal was giving away and that the
Orange Free State was wavering. The close
wa3 cheerful. Consols rose a quarter. Amer
icans hardened quietly, closing at the best on
New York buying. Spanish 4s were 60%; Tln
tos, 46 7-16; Anacondas, 10%; Boston, 14;
Utahs, 774.
The bank bought £77,000 of gold in bars and
French coin. The bank again did a large
business In bills at 34 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 19.— Canadian Pacific. S4>4;
T'nVm Pacific preferred, 7*' i; Northern Pacific
rred, 77 ! 4 : Atchison. 21; Grand Trunk, 7" 8 ;
Anaconda, lOVj. Money, 1% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
: 25,000 barrels; exports, 15,111. Moderately active
and steady, without change.
WHEAT— Receipts, 255,575 bushels; exports,
55,214. Spot, steady; No. 1 red, 74% cf. o. b.
| afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth," "S^c t. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Imluth, 81Hc
to arrive; No. 2 red, 72?ic elevator. Options
opened about %c higher on local demand, but
! soon weakened under a bear raid and broke,
j with cables unsatisfactory and heavy receipts
and slack outside speculation assisting the de
cline. Later the market more than recovered,
covering and closed steady at ViftHc net ad
vance. May closed at 78% c; September, 72%@
: 73c. closed 73% c; December, 75 3-16@75%c, closed
75%( .
HOPS— Quiet.
\ HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— Except for a further drop In the
price of tin nothing radically new was devel
i oped in the local metal market. Business was
deploringly tame and Interest was generally
i lax. The news at hand failed to reflect posi
| tive changes at the West and abroad, leaving
buyers and sellers here dependent upon their
own resources for incentive. At the clone the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $17.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $18 50.
TlN— Weak, with sellers at $32 25.
LEAD— Very quiet, with *4 57H bid and
,$4 62Vi asked. The brokers' price for lead Is
$4 40 and for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— DuII, with $5 60 bid and $5 60
asked.
COFFEE — cloned steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 19,500 bags. Includ
, ing: October, $4 10@4 15; November, $4 If,®
; 4 20: December, $4 45; January, $4 45: March,
$4 66; July,- $4 85; August. $4 90. Spot coffee—
Rio, dull and easy; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, Inactive and barely steady;
refined, quiet but about steady.
BUTTER— 9937 packages. Steady;
! Western creamery. 18® 23c; June creamery, 18&
:■:<•; factory, 13@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10,020 packages. Steady;
Western ungraded at mark, 13c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— California dried fruits
quiet. '-*/".
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, 7V4@Bc; choice. B%@9c; fancy,
9@9Vic.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@134c; Moorpark, 14@
We.
PEACHES— Unpepled, 7\'s9c (new).
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— The opening: In Wheat
was at a slight advance for December, that
option starting at 704'8<70<S,c, or K0!4o oorv *r
yesterday's final price. Outside of an unex
pectedly small Increase In the local contract
stocks there' was nothing In the news to war
rant an advance, and It appeared to be purely
the result of local sentiment. The small ad
vance was almost Immediately lost. Heavy
selling, which marked yesterday's session and
which was supposed to be liquidation of some
long lines, was continued to-day. There was
also some selling from the outside. St. Louis
and the Northwest both being In the market.
For a considerable period the December price
hung around TO^fe'aWic, to which point It de
clined shortly after the opening, but before n
o'clock the strength of Corn began to attract
attention. Bullishness caused by this was In
creased by reports that a good deal of the
buying was for Armour. This scared shorts
and caused covering, offerings were light,
outside of the long liquidation referred to, and
prices fluctuated rapidly within a compara
tively narrow range, the market at times ex
hibiting some nervousness. The local crowd
was apparently long, and though the posting
of Bradstreet's figures on the visible supply,
ehowlnjj an increase of 6,098,000 bushels, shook
out prime long Wheat, offerings were readily
absorbed and the spell of weakness soon dis
appeared. During the afternoon the strength
of coarse grains was influential in the steadi
ness of Wheat, and although bear attacks were
frequent, prices were well maintained to the
end. L,ittle waa done in September. Interest
In that deal had apparently died out and prices
kept close to the opening price— 7o%c— most of
the session. December was bringing 70% cat
the close.
Trading In Corn was quite active, especially
for September, in which a sharp advance was
recorded. Shorts were active bidders from the
start, but had a good deal of difficulty in
covering and prices were bid up accordingly.
December closed %ft^c higher. September
gained l^c.
Oats were helped by the strength of Corn
and ruled firm all day, December closing 14c
higher.
Provisions were dull and steady, sympathy
with the grain markets being the main factor.
There wan a good demand for meats. Pack
ers were ">n both sides of the market. Frl^s
kept within a narrow rani;e. At the close
January Perk and Laird were a shade higher
and rose 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 70% 70% 70>4 70%
December 70% 70% 70% 70%
May 73% 73% 73 73%
Corn No. 2—
September 33 34% 32% 34%
December 1 29 29% 25% 2;i'i
May ..'. 29% 80% 29% 20%
Oat« No. 2—
I September 21 7 22% 21% 22%
! December 21% 21% 21' i 21*4
May 22% 23% 22% 23%
I Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 796 7 97% 7 92% 7 97%
December 810 8 12% BOS 8 12%
January 9 57% 960 955 9 57%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 530 530 5 27% 830
December 535 5 37% 535 5 37%
January 545 6 47% 545 5 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs
October 5 17% 520 515 5 17%
January 4 97% 4 97% 495 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Steady; No. 3 Spring Wheat, 67@69c; No. 2 Red.
71c; No 2 Corn, 33%«?34e: No. 2 Oats. 22Hff?
22% c: No 2 White, 24% c; No. 3 White. 23@24%c;
No. 2 Rye, 57% c; No. 2 Barley, 35%'?44c; No. 1
Flaxseed. $112; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 35<fj>
! 2 40; Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 40®8; Lard, per 100
lbs $5 17%(a'5 32%: Short-rib Sides (loose'). $5 05
05*25; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 6'S6 r«c;
Short Clear Bides (boxed). $5 50®6 60; Whisky,
' distillers' finished goods, per gal. $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 13.000
Wheat, bushels 154.000 f..0a0
I Corn, bushels 863. P00 345.000
Oats, bushels 538.000 498.0'w)
Rye bushels 12.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 107.000 _ 96.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I market was firm. Creamery, 16@22c; dairy, 131$
18c. Cheese, easy; 10%11%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
15% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar. i
Opening 5 9 5 ll'.i 6 '4
Closing 6 9 6 11 6 Vi
'' : PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. -Apr.
Opening 19 10 20 05
Closing 19 20 20 15
Flour
Opening 25 45 M 60
Closing 25 50 26 65
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Special and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's show the
following changes in available supplies as com
pared with last account:
Wheat— States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increase, 5,298,000 bush
els; afloat for and in Europe, increase. 800,000
bushels; total supply, Increase. 6,098,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 693.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies Increase, 1,362,000 bushels.
The average stock of wheat held at Portland,
Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased
41.000 bushels last week.
NEW YORK, Sept. — The St. Louis, sailing
for Europe to-morrow, will take out 371,000
ounces of silver.
Boston Wool Market.
BOBTON, Sept. 19.— The wool trade has been
brisk In spots this week. Several houses have
put out big lines of wool which have been
snapped up by the manufacturers. The larger
operations have been In territory wools, which
have sold on the scoured basis of 509610 for
fine medium and fine. Fleece wools are quk-t,
but the market holds firm. Australian wools
;irP v.h',l cleaned up and what lots are held
here are firm In the absence of sales.
Territory Wools -Montana and I>akota fine
medium and fine, 16@18c; scoured, .Wf<f>2e: sta
ple. 65<357c; I'tah and Wyoming fine medium
and fine, 16918 c; scoured. 50c; staple, ". .- " .
Idaho line medium and fine. IBQITc; scoured,
medium. 17®18c; scoured, 45@46c.
Australians, scoured basis, combing jsuper
fine, 80® 82c; good, 78@8Oc; average, 75977 c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 19.— The fifth series of the
wool auction pales opened to-day with a larrre
numl it of buyers, present. From the outset
competition fhowed extreme animation, with
Yorkshire securing the bulk of scoured merinos
at full advanced rat.-s. Some New South
Waifs wool was withdrawn on account of the
bids not reaching the figures of th<» holdings.
Greasy merinos and fine crossbred! were
equally divided between the horn.- trade, France
and Germany. Medium coarse crossbred* In
lar«<» supply were absorbed by the h ime trade
freely at 5®7% per cent advance. The French
buyers also took several parcels. A poor *•■
--lection of Cape of Good Hope and Natal wool
sold readily at 10 per cent advance. The num
ber of bales offered was 11,G.">4.
California Fruit Sales.
Porter Brothers' Company sales of California
fruit:
CHICAGO, Sept. 19— Pears— Bartlett, 6<)c<f?
J2 66 h'-x. Grapes— Tokny, 6Orffsl 35 half crate;
Muscat, f.r.rfi sl 15; assorted, 6.'c"usl 15 half orate.
Peaches— Salway, 55cG$l 10 bux: L.evl Cling.
10cQ$l 2.",: George's I,ate, 75e«?$l 06; Barton,
$1 25. Eight cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 03,
fg3 &0 box; Doy dv Cornice, $1 SO^l 55 half box a
Seckles. 75c(35l 25 half box. Peaches— Salway^
60c® $1 25 box; Strawberry, "<"; Lev! Cling, 4.-.0
<stt 10; George's l>ate, Soc®sl 05; Smock, 76c.
Grapes — Tokay, SSc®l 60 half crate; Cornlchon,
$1 1001 65 half crate. Twelve cars sold to-day.
Earl Fruit Company sales of California fruit:
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Grapes— Tokay, 80c@
$1 90 for single crates; Muscat, average. $1 15.
Peaches— George'.s Late, 7uci&sl 15 box; L/<?vl
Cling, "Oc^Jl 20;" Sal way, 50c©$l 10. Tears—
Bartlett. $1 2CX& 2 35 box.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— Grapes— Tokay, 6(V>(fj)
$1 10 for single orates; $1 fir ) 'fjl 90 for double
crates; Malaga, CEc(fjsl 40.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19.— CATTLE— Trade in cat
tle was rather slow to-day. Good fat cattle
brought strong prices, while ordinary gradea
were Inclined to weakness. Good to choice cat
tle. $5 70'<t6 70; commoner grades. $4 SSOS GO;
stockers and feeders, $3 1O0S; bulls, cows and
heifers, $2ffs 30; Texas steers, J3 50@4 25; rang
ers. $3 2.Vrfo 30; calves, $4 6098 10.
SHEEP-There was an active demand for
hogs and prices were strong early, but yielded
somewhat late in the day. Heavy hn^s, $4 l.V'a
4 7«: mixed lots. « !6®4 7B; light. J4 35@4 75;
pigs, J3 70<g>4 6D; culls, J2'-i4 10.
HOGS— Sheep and lambs were in good de
mand at firm prices. Sheei>. $3 50i&4 50 for
Western rangers; ohoir-p yearlings. $4 sOig>4 60;
feeders. $3 35<«3 90; lambs, $3 2:<fif> 50 for poor
to choice. Westerns bringing $o<gs 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 6000; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
22,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 19.— Clearings, $258,
--491; balances. J23,l<ifi.
Northern Wheat Market
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 19.— Portland export
ers have been forroi! out of the market by
high-priced wheat and high-priced ships. Either
one or the other might have been met sepa
rately, but combined they have brought mat
ters to a ntandstill. San Francisco men are
chartering ships to go from the north to the
Bay city at a figure which would mean an
actual loss of 3 or 4 cents per bushel if Port
land dealers were to attempt to fill them here.
At the lowest rate Intimated for a ship in this
port. Walla Walla would not be worth m.jre
than r.S cents per bushel, but very little can
be purchased at that figure. In fact, some
sales of heavy weight are mnde at less than
f.9 and 60 cents. Valley Is in much better con
dition, nominally COiiieic. Bluestem Is quoted
at 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 19.— WHEAT— Quiet; pro
ducers are Btill holding back their grain.
causing pxpnrtors considerable delay In for
eign stations. Quotations unchanged; club, si@
78c; bluestem. 6l*gfilc.
Foreign Markets.
L/ONDON, Sept. 19.— Consols, 104^: stiver,
27 l-16d; French rentes, lOOf 42% c; wheat car
goes off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, quieter and hardly any demand; car
goes No. 1 Standard California, 30s; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 19.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, dull; weather In Eng
land, cloudy and very windy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 17-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 1 Northern spring, firm,
6s %d. Futures— Quiet; September, 5s 9d; No
vember. 5s lid; March, 8s %d.
<"ORX— Futures— Quiet; September, 3s 5%d;
October, 3s i'hjd; November, 3s 59* <i.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88 .
New. York Exchange, sight — 1"%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 ■ 4874
Fine Silver, per ounce \ .— ■/.-: w%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— quiet on the spot,
but firmly held at 37s 6d, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a registered ton- j
nage of 27,500 tons, against 17,300 on the same
date last year; disengaged, 6276 tons, against
39.300; on the way to this port, 199,400 tons,
against 179,200.
WHEAT— Depression still characterized the
market, both on call and by sample. <
Chicago was sensitive and felt the heavy Bell
ing of Monday, though the weakness was not
pronounced. Broomhall cabled an expected in
crease in Russian shipments, and Bradstreet's
gave an increase of 6,000,000 bushels in the
world's visible supply. Freights were reported
advancing. The market was supported at 70>4c,
the lowest point of the day, showing that no
marked decline was anticipated.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $102%; milling. $107%
<gl 10.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 08%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— l6,ooo
ctls, $1 08%. May— $1 14%.
Afternoon Session — December — 14,000 ctls,
$1 08% May— 2ooo, 14%; 2000, $1 14%.
BARLEY— market shows no change in
any description, remaining very dull. Offer-
Ings are larger than the demand.
Feed. 75@82%c; Brewing, S7'~(ij9oc; Chevalier,
$1(§ 1 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls, '■
82% c. Seller '99, new— 4ooo, Sic; 4000, SlV*c;
4000, SIHc.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 82% c;
12,000, S3c.
OATS— Continue neglected and unchanged,
with ample offerings. White, £050117%; Red,
$1 05@l 12%: Black, 90!fj97%c per ctl.
CORN— The market shows no change, one
way or the other, being dull. Eastern large
Yellow, $105; White and mixed, $1 02%<gl 05
per ctl.
RYE— In fair demand at $<j<Bssc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60(^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, %'i 25@3 40 tor bakers' and $2 25@3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 56; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 2.',; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25<fi3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $lf(4 25; Cracked Wheat, 53 75; ,
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55<&6 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per '100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is no change in the Hay situation.
Choice descriptions are in light receipt and
steady, but the medium and lower grades are
dull and weak.
Feedstuffs are as previously quoted.
BRAN— SIS 60017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 60 per ton.
FEE DSTUFFS— Barley. $1S«?18 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27(828; jobbing,
$2S 60®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 50(624 50; Cracked Corn, $24«r25; Mixed Feed,
$16® 16 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $6 iiOffS 50 for common to good
and $999 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6@
8 50; Oat, $6'g7 60; Barley, |5@7; 1.-land Barley,
$5@5 50; Alfalfa, So 60(8 7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50<!?9.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
New Beans are slow in coming in. The mar
ket remains dull, l>ut prices show a few
Changes. There is nothing new in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85®] 7:,; Small White,
J2 10@2 1".; Large Whit.'. Jl Bo@l 7".; i'inks,
(2 15@2 26; K>"ls. $4; Blackeye, «■<:(:;:.; But
ters, nominal; L>imas, H 05® 4 15; Pea, $2 lu@
2 15: Red Kidneys, $2 BO per Ctl.
si" j:i >s- ■■Hr.iwn Mustard, 2V4@3c; Yellow Mus
tard nominal: Flax, Jl '.">'»! 2 10; Canary Seed,
i:\lz3c per 11> for California and 3'ic for East-
Alfalfa, nominal; Kape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4Vsc'; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. *1 25® 1 50; Green, $1 65
<g2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation remains about the same all
around. Potatoes are depressed. Onions show
no particular change. Tomatoes are still in
overaupply and the other Vegetables are In
their usual stock.
POTATOES— River Reds. 80®65c; Early Rose,
40 ■•'• Hurhanks, 4O@BOc per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, 90c®$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, Jl@l 35, lat
tpr figure tor best Merced.
oNIONS T'Vi s:..- p.r ctl for Silversklns;
Pickle Onions, 60®75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2 / S2 l^c per lb;
Ptrine Beans, 2c; I>lma Beans, 2o: Cabbage,
River Tomatoes. 15©2Sc; Alameda In
matoes 20®86c; Egg Plant, 25©35 c; c.reen Okra,
4 , .,,.., box; Dried Okra. l«ic per lb:Gar
lic J®3c- Gro,.n Peppers, S6©6oc for chili and
35®50c per bMt for Bell! Carrots. 30®40c per
sUkf Bay oTcUmberS, 28©a6c; Pickles. |1 75
ncr ctl for No. 1 and 7f,e for No. 2; Summer
Squash 25®80c; Marrowfat Squash. $S<& 10 per
ton Oreen Corn. 60c©$l P«; 76c®»l X per
C»te tor Alameda and M©76o for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Several cars of Eastern have come to hand
during the week and local stock is still dull
In confluence. Turkeys, Ducks and Geese are
firm but eventhlng else is weak. Poor stock
is especially hard to work off.
Game continues scarce and is eagerly bought
"roULTRY-IJve Turkeys, 15@16c for Gob
blers and 1501fic for Hens; Young Turkeys.
IVhISc 1 Geese per pair, $1 50<if.l 7.>; Goslings,
II 7502; Ducks, $3 f.nr«4 for old and S4QC tot
young; Hens, $8 6006; young Roosters, S4®s;
old Hoosters, $4W4 60; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers, $3
QZ 60 for large, 12 6008 for small; Pigeons,
■1 u.i 1.50 per dozen for old and Jl 75<32 for
Squahs.
QAMJE-rGray Goese, ; Doves, SiCifsl per
dozen; Grouse. $7: Sage Hens, $7; Mountain
Quail. *3 60; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There were heavy receipts of Butter from
the mirth yesterday, but as a good deal of it
had been placed prior to arrival the market
held up. The weakness Is confined to the
medium and lower grades, as strictly fancy
creamery is in light supply.
Cheese and Eggs are in ample supply and
weak, r.r.d it takes a flue Egg to bring the top
quotation. Most of the buyers are running on
Eastern.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds,
23® 24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22' 2 5 22c; good to choice, 21@
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 20(ii21c; firkin, 19@21c; cream
ery tub, 21£i22c per lb.
' 1 IKES E— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
<8>10«6e; Young America, ll@UHc; Eastern.
li©l6c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21'f?2".c for store and 27'330c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22'-.<g"24c for se
lected, 20<g21c for No. 1 and 17<§19c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A few Wine Grapes are coming in and they
cell readily at the high prices. They are go
ing to be good property this year. Table
Grapes are in fair supply and rather firmer.
There is nothing new in Apples, Pears,
Peaches and Plums, the supply being about
equal to the demand.
Huckleberries are scarce, but other Berries
are abundant.
Lemons and Limes continue very flrm. Ar
rival of 456 boxes of Mexican Limes.
Melons are quoted higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35(?r60 per box for common and 75c
(gst for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3iq4 per chest;
Strawberries. $7 per chest for small and $2<fi3
for large berries; Raspberries, $3tfT4 per chest •
Huckleberries. 6(aloc per Ib.
Graves, 25<g40c per box for Fontalnebleau 25
Hi in.' lor hliick, 4«(ti6oc for Muscat, 406160 c for
Tokay. 65@75c for Seedless, 40@50c for Corni
ehon, and 40@60c for Isabellas: crates sell 10®
loc higher: Wine Grapes, $2!'?i23 per ton.
Watermelons— ss<g 17 per 100.
Cantaloupes— 3sc@sl per crate; Nutmegs, 20®
40c per box.
Pears, Bartlett, 75c95l 25 per box; Winter
Pears, 60975 c per box.
Figs. suftr~sc per box for double layers of
black and *3'lj."oc for white.
Peaches. 25975 c per box.
Plums and Prunes. 25975 c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40960 c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. *J@3 for com
mon and $3 5094 50 for good to choice; Mexican
I Limes. $7 50®8; California Limes. $1; Bananas.
$1 5092 CO per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
More steadiness in Prunes is reported, but
they are still very dull, and some outside lots
are being offered at 2%c, though but few Santa
Claras can be obtained as low as 3c basis.
Prunes are unusually dull thus far this year.
Pears are scarce and stiff. Peaches, con
trary to anticipations, are beginning to pick
up and show more firmness with an Improving
demand. Apricots are stiff, of course. Apples
are weak.
Prices on new crop Walnuts are expected this
week. Almonds continue very firm.
The feeling in Raisins is firm and the grow
ers are strong holders. Honey is quiet and fea
tureless.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, 6%c for 40-60' s, 4Hc for 6" 6o's, 3%c for
60-70' 3@3i.ic for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90*8 and 2%
@2%C for 90-100's; ADricots, 10911 c for Royals,
14915 c for Moorparks and 12@12%c for Blen
heims: Peaches, 4@sc for Standards, , r i*T.6c
for choice and 6'.t@7c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
10@llc; Evaporated Apples, 6@64c; Sun-dried,
4(g'sc per Ib; Nectarines, 7^@Sc per lb for
red and S@'9c for white; Pears, s@7c for quar
ters and 7%<5?9c for halves: Black Figs, 3c;
White Figs. 696% c; Plums, 54<§6c for dark and
7(g74c for bleached.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four crown, 5«?84c for Seedless
Sultanas, 6@loc for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2% ©3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s@Bc for hardshell, 10@12c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, 11®1Jc; Almonds,
10V4@ll%c for paper shell, B@9c for soft and
4@sc for hard shell; Peanuts, 6»;@6%c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, B%@9c; Filberts, 11®
11 Vie; Pecans, 7'4@Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 114 c for bright and 104 c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7V 1 -" 1 a' :
light amber extracted, 6&@7c; dark, 6&c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24 !26c per lb.
Provisions.
Business has fallen off again anil the mar
ket is now quoted at unchanged prices.
CURBS MEATS— Bacon. S'4c per lb for
heavy. 999&0 for liifbt medium, lie for light,
12'-..r for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Uc; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra. Mess,
$12 60; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 50;
extra clear, $16 £.0; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked
Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5 1 W5 ! &c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7'ic; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. BHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@7V»c per lb.
Hides, Tallozi.; Wool and Hops.
Hides continue firm and In active demand,
and the same may be said of Tallow.
Wool is quiet but firm, and renewed buying
Is looked for very soon by the local trade.
Hops are dull and more or less nominal.
Crops are reported good all over the world,
especially in England.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
abnit lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10-glO^c; medium, S'g'SHc; light, 9c;
Cowhid6L_9c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal, lfic; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlintrs. 20930 c each: Bhort
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70990 c; long Wool,
Boc@sl 10 epch: Horse Hides, salt, $29* 25 for
la rue <-:nd U 2591 50 for small; Colts, 25950 c.
i'MXOW-K). 1 rendered, 4Hl?sc per lb; No.
2, 4@4%c; refined, ; grease, 292Hc.
W( iOl.r— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon, 17918 c;
Eastern Oregon, 124; 14c for choice and 9fgllVic
for fair to ;■
Fall CllD— San Jonquln Lambs, 8910 c; do
plains, T'i*c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7H99c: Northern free, 9@llc; do, de
fective, 7%910c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers are getting Hogs at the reduced quo
tations.
Fine steers will bring the top quotation.
Mutton is steady at the slightly improved quo
tations. Veal and Lamb show little change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7®Sc per lb for Steers and 6%970 for
Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— 7%98c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, S@S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%@5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5V4c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c; Wool
Bags. 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags, sV*c, f>4c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7©"Vsc for
bleached Jute.
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila, 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed. 13c; Duplex Sizes, 12c.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12; |
Cannel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castla
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
, CANNED VEGETABLES— 75@S5c; As
paragus $160(52 85; Tomatoes, 75@80c.
■ CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15@2 30 for
! black and $2 15(g2 30 for whit«; Peaches, $1 35@
j 1 tin. Pears, $1 50@l M); Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
' Plums, 96c#$l 25. . -•
: COFFEE— Rica— l34(?Tl6c for prime
| washed; ll(gl2V4c for good washed; 11%@15c for
i good to prime washed peaberry; fi@llc for
; good to prime peaberry: 9<gllV»c for good to
i prime; S@9V4c nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; S@9c for fair; sV4@7c for
common to ordinary. Salvador— for good
to prime washed; B@B%c tor fair washed; 94'<!>
114r for good to prime washed peaberry; 7", i
S%c for good to prime semi-washed; 7^@B\4c
for superior unwashed; 74c fir good green un
washed; S%@9Uc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 5@6 a 4c for common to ordinary- Nic-
I — ll*[l64c for prime to fancy washed; 8@
I lie for fair to good washed: 7%@7%c nominal
' for good to superior unwashed; B%@9Kc nomi
nal for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Gua
| temala and Mexican— l2@ls%c for prime to
fancy washed; 9V£(gllc for good to strictly good
i washed: B@9c for fair washed; 7@7%c for me
; dium; 4"(j64c for inferior to ordinary, lO^ll^c
i for good to prime washed peaberry: B*i@94c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; VA — »
' for good to superior unwashed. .
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25£2Sc per lb; Sole
i Leather, medium, 25<5?26c: Sole Leather, light,
25@26c; rough Leather, heavy, 25@26c; rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30<g32c;
Harness Leather, light, 29@30c; Collar Leather.
15©16 c per foot; Kip. finished, 40@45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50@55c; Calf, finished, 75c@$l 20;
Sides, finished, i6@l7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c; rough Splits. S@loc per lb.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 56c;
i raw, 54c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
i ter strained, barrels, 470: No. 1. 424 c; cases, 5c
i more: China Nut, 47@5Sc per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, 80c; Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
! colors, $1 25<@1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
I 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, Water
l white Coal Oil, In bulk, 12% c; Pearl Oil, in
; cases, 18% c; Astral, ISMjc; star, lS4c; Extra
Star Oil, 224 c; Elaine, 234 c; Eocene, 20Uc;
Deodorized Gasoline, In bulk, 16c: do. cases,
22c; Benzine, in bulk. 154 c: do, cases, 21% c; 86
degree Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; do, cases, 27c per
gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
9%c; Us, 14 oz, S4c; 6s, 12 oz, 74c; 6s, 10 oz,
6Hc. Granite Mining Candles— 16 oz, 40a,
10c; 6s. 16 oz, 20s, 1014 c: 6s, 14 oz. 40s, 9c; 6s, 14
oz, 20s. 9Vic; 6s. 12 oz, BUc; 6s, 10 oz, 7V«c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2a. 4s and 6s. white,
lie; Is 2s, 4s and 6s. colored, 12c; 12s, white,
ll'-.c- 12s, colored, 124 c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6>4@7c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 6^@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 69c; in iron barrels,
64c; in wooden barrels, 66c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 4!>c; raw, barrels,
47c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S44 50@45 per flask for local
use and $40<&41 for export.
SUGAR— (Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 54c; Candy Granulated, s>£c; Dry Gran
ulated Be; Confectioners' A, sc: California A,
— : Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C,
i 4%c: barrels, l-16c more: half-barrels. He more;
I boxes, 4c more: 50-lh bags. »&c more. No order
1 taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
! Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6c per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER— prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16<317; extra sizes, high
er; Redwood, $17@1S for No. 1 and $15@16 for
No. 2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 20(g2 30: Pickets, $18;
Shingles. $1 Do@l 75 for common and $2 75 for
fancy; Shakes. $11 for split and $12 for sawn;
Rustic, $21(Ti27.
Receipts of Produce. <■
FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 19.
Flour, qr sks 3.573 Sugar, sks 3.500
Wheat, ctls 1.500 Sugar, bbls 4.W0
Barley, ctls 59.225 Lime, bbls I s - ,
Oats, ctls 1,015 Pelts, bdls Jjw
Cheese, ctls ir,!Hides. No 1.043 j
Butter, ctls 156 Leather, r0115..-. }}* \
! Tallow, ctls 283 Wine, gals 44,9d0
| Beans, sks 368 Eggs.- d0z......— 6.000
Potatoes, 5k5..... 4.670 Quicksilver. fl-ks l.
Onions, sks «0 Wool, bags »1
i Bran. sks... 200 Hops, bales -M
! Middlings, sks... - 32<> Straw, tons 4,
! Mustard, 5k5...... Hay. tons.... 663
OREGON.
j Flour, qr sks 927 i I
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks weakened off and the best
prices were generally lower than on Monday.
The telegram fiom the pump said: "Stopped
No. 2 elevator frnm 1 p. m. to 7 p. m. yes
terday, while putting Improved screens In the
supply tank. The water rose during the
stoppage 23 feet and 2 Inches. The elevator
was running well at 6:30 this morning. The
water is 74 feet 3 inches below the 1950-foot
level station."
There was a fair trade in local securities,
and Giant Powder sold down to $73 25. Oceanto
Steamship sold at $88 75.
Dividends of 25 cents and -42 corns per rhari
will be paid by the Hutchinaon Sugar and
Spring Valley Water companies to-day.
The Western Union Telegraph Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of IVi per cent,
payable on October 16.
A quarterly dividend of fl per share is now
payable by the Eastern Dynamite Company.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Sept. 19—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..ll2'u — Mutual El Co. 14 15%
Is quar reg.... — — O G L & H.. 4
-4s quar new... — 131V4 Pac Gas Imp. 6<i 67
Ss quar coup..loßV4— Pac LCo 41% —
Miscellaneous— f? F G & E.... 68)4 -
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — San Fran 3^ Bv4
C C Wat 55... 108 109% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6s.. i::^ — Insurance—
F & Cl Ky 65. 114 — Firem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 545. 107 V* — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
L A Ry 55.'... 108 10814 Bank of Ca1..283 2534
LAL Co 65.. 99 — Cal SD & T.. — 98
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nat10n1..234 —
Do gntd 5sN — 100 Lon P & A....1254 —
Market-st 65...126V4 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.. 115 116 Nev Nat Bk. .ls>2Vsl&o
NCN G R 73.112 — Savings Banks-
NR of Cal 65. 114 — Ger 3 & L...1860 —
N It of Cal 5s.Ho 1 .; — |Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 65.105Mt — Mut Say Bk. 40 42^
NPC R R 55. 105 107 ,8 F Say U... 500 —
N Cal R R 58.111 — jSav 4 L So. — S?H
OGL & H 53.108 — I Sec Say Bk. — 810
Oak Trans 65.. 11 l 111% Union T Co. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65...12S 130 Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 68.108 — California — 120 —
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Geary -.... 60 —
Powell-st R69.118 — Market-fit 62 —
Sac El G&RSB — — Oak S L&H. — 80
BF& N P us. — 114 Presidio 14 —
S F & S JV55.1154 — Howaer—
SRy of Cal 65.1054 — California ....150 1«5
S p'of A 65.... — 113 E Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 65(1905).11<Hi — Giant Con Co. 73% 78^
S P C 65(1906). — U4V4|Vlgorit 2',
5 P C 69(1912). 12U4 — Sugars
6 P C Is eg 55.102% — iHana P C 0.... M
BPBr 6s — 126 Haw C&S Co 9«Vfe M
S V Wat 65.... 1131.4114 iHutch S P Co. H
S V Wat 45. ...104 — iKilauea S Co. — 1
p V W4s'3dm).lol 102 { Makawell S C 48% 49ft
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Onomea S C. 38 —
Water Stocks— Paauhau S Co. 37V4 8714
Contra Costa.. — — Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac Assn.. — 117> 4
Spring Valley.Ußtf — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— lOceanic S Co. SSH S3
Central Gas Co — — !Pac A F A..,, lfc —
Cent L & P... 54 6% Pao C Bor C 0.140 14244
Equit G L Co. 4U o^i.Par Paint Co. BJ4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
IBank of California 283 M
10 Contra Costa, cash J4 00
50 Hana Plan Co 15 00
25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 9* 50
3 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 96 00
10 Hutehinson S P Co 30 £>
10 Hutchinson S P Co 30 00
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds 11.5 75
$5000 S P of C 5s (1912) 122 00
$2000 S P of C bonds (1912) 121 75
10 Spring Valley Water ;•••}s: «
$5000 Spring Valley 4b (sec mortgage)... 104 25
Street—
7 Bank of California » 253 50
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 108 25
30 Paauhau S P Co 3. 2a
Aiternoon Session.
Board—
inn Equitable Gas 4 75
105 Giant Powder Con 73 50
50 Giant Powder Con 73 25
10 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
5 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 25
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 11150
10 Oceanic S S Co 88 75
50 Onomea Sugar Co 3s 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 38 374
50 Onomea Sugar Co, b 5 3S 25
100 Onomea Sugar Co 38 25
{30 Paauhau S P Co 37 25
6 S F Gas & Elec Co. cash 66 7o
5 Spring Valley Water 102 12^
10 Spring Valley Water 102 2a
Street—
5 Bank of California 283 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 74 874
25 Giant Powder Con 74 75
60 Equitable Gas 4 50
40 Hutchinson Sugar Co 31 f| o
60 Hutfhinson Sugar Co 30 ST'i
1" Spring Valley Water 102 25
100 Vlgorit Powder Co 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 74 50
50 Equitable Gas 4 87%
30 Onomea Sugar Co 38 12V,
lv Spring Valley Water 102 12 V*
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 100 Best & Belcher 51 1 200 Potosl 53
200 Con Cal & Va..l 7"! I<h) Seg Belcher.... 04
100 Crown Point... 22 1 100 Sierra Nevada. 77
250 Ophlr 1 15 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 35 -, 200 Overman 10
100 Caledonia 65 200 Potosi 52
200 Justice 09 200 Sierra Nevada. 76
100 Ophir 1 15
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
' Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 300 Belcher 35 100 Con Cal & Val 574
i 300 Best & Belcher 50 200 Crown Point... 21
200 Bullion 07 200 Gould & Curry. 27
! 200 Bullion OS] 200 Ophir 110
| 100 Chollar 43 j 310 Potosl f>3
500 ("hollar 42 200 Savage 29
200 Con Cal & Va..l 75; 100 Sierra Nevada. 76
650 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 200 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
100 Gould & Curry. 27 60 Sierra Nevada. 76
250 Sierra Nevada. 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. September 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.Ask.
.Mpha 04 07 Justice 08 09
• Alta 04 06 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 15 I*ady Wash 01 02
! Belcher 34 36 Mexican 46 4S
Best & Belcher. 4S A'j Occidental 23 25
Bullion 05 07 Ophlr 110 113
Caledonia — 66 Overman 10 11
(hollar 43 45 Potosl 51 5?
Challenge Con.. SO S3 Savage 23 31
Confidence 71 76 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 65 170 Seg Belcher.... — 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 75 .o
l-mwn Point.... SO 22 Silver Hill 02 03
'■ Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 07
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 195 300
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 07 —
Gould & Curry- 26 27 Union con 4Z *s
Hale & Norcrs. 30 31 Utah .•••• 12 1*
julia — 03 Yellow Jacket. 27 29
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa*t and Geodetic Survey-
Timer and Heights of High and Low
W»4ra at Fort Point, entrance to San
KrancTsco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NfrTF-Thf high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
he height of tide is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th* early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
'nst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
Continued on Page Eleven.OF THE
BAY CITIES j
EBELL LADIES' UNIQUE SHOW OF
HATS OUR GRANDMOTHERS WORE
/"\AKI/AND, Sept 19.— The ladies of
I the Ebell ha 1 a plan by
I which men have become Interest
« **-* ed in woman's headgear. The
• r hat show at the Ebell
■ '1 this evening, and the
j$ lad ■■ than fulfilled their prom-
There were more hats, older
ts, newer hats, taller hats, quainter
• ts, uglier hats, more
«] historic hats and hats more befeath
< red than the public had been led to
' ' -V "
ft A glance around the tables shows
' that there have been greater changes
j. in the general architi cture and build
>Z Ing of hats since the fourteenth cen
• than there Is difference between
an old Norman abbey and Oakland's
Zi newest church.
?Z The prime object of the exhibition
) is to show that it Is not necessary
v to Flaughter beautiful birds to make
ractlve or expensive headg-ear.
There is a line drawn, oven by the
nds of the birds. Although the
beautiful bird of paradise and the
■ ite heron are held to be Fa
d from the milliners, the ostrich
?£ and the barn door fowl are not as
ft yet programmed for protection by the
Audubon movement.
.. By far the most interesting table is
X that devoted to the bats our moth
~ ers, our grandmothers, our great
ers and their grandmothers
7/ took pride In from a generation to ten
.orations ago.
a Tho most ancient model in the show
V is that of a hat which undoubtedly
c rise to the modern expression
?i about "talking through your hat." It
resembles a megaphone, made of lace
i, and ribbon, and attached to it is an
il inscription stating that it is a sample
/ of the hats worn in the fourteenth ■
Q century by the ladies who went to
Z< church, and which so annoyed the
tt monks that many of the wearers went
outside and made bonfires of their
jr headgear.
iX Mrs. George C. Pardee has on exhl
• bition several interesting specimens of
ORIGINALITY
ATTRACTS AT
THE ORPHEUM
encouraging to find much besides
n specialty in the gift of vaude
ville, : r sine: its ever widening march
cakewalk it seems to have
baited till the Judge shall decide the case
or divide the cake, perhaps. It is constant
UOll as anything else that
matic censor, for when one
Uar with an act only the
very best will satisfy. Everything truly
vital in v ideville, as elsewhere, bears
the Bi -.riginality, and there are
other thing besides coon specialties rea-
Bonably worthy of attention. Instance
the Orpheum attractions for this week. A
:• programme has seldon been or
i, red, and variety is most com
forting. Stinson and Mf-rton, a clever
team, wandei on without apparent inten
tion and with indescribable nonsense set
house wild with approval. They cer
tainly should i.<- In vaudeville 'not every
n e who is has been called;, preferably to
er, but Btinson In his individual ca
. would make the proverbial cat
laugh. Terry and Lambert, after a south
side courtship, wherein yielding love is
: through the medium of gum
chewing and a gradual loss of interest In
an erstwhile absorbing dime novel, un
ravel their domestii difficulties with souk.
and very sweet song-, too. in her blithe
and tactful moodi Bliss Mabel is quite |
charming. Mollie Fuller and Frederick i
ji-lllph nave the opportunity of a well
knit sketch by George Cohan to prove
their value as fun makers. Of course,
there is much in treatment, and both are
artiste in their line. I.right Krothers hold
the attention with new athletic methods,
and do a mild and interesting form of
old-time millinery. One of the pret
tlt-pt articles in this section is a deli-
Ik opera bonnet, trimmed dain
tily with pearl, and which was worn
by Dr. Pardee's mother nearly half a
century ago. Excepting the pearls, it
Id of all ornament. The Quaker
fichu of Beventy-flve years ag I ex
hibited along with the bonnets worn by
the "thee and thou" people of the last
century. Mrs. Walter Matthews is the
owner of this Interesting Quaker ex
hibit. Mrs. Weston has loaned a deli
cate Fayal lane cap that was new 120
years ago. In the old State of Maine,
when this century was but a few years
old, brides wore very primitive white
silk caps at the altar, judging by the
specimen on exhibition. In 1780, in the
Isle of Man, a 17-year-old descendant
of Barbara Standish wore a quaint
little hat that attracts much attention.
Mrs. Fish is exhibiting a cap worn by
her grandmother, a member of the
Knickerbocker family, 104 years ago.
An exhibit in the shape of a baby's
hood, exquisitely wrought with solid
silver lace and beautifully designed,
is shown, which was worn by the early
Dutch in the seventeenth century. A
riding hat of fifty years ago would
make the modern equestrienne wish to
hide herself when she saw any of her
fashionable friends coming. As near
as possible it resembles a bean pot
made of felt.
The hideous nightcaps of two pen
erations ago would have scared off any
modern burglar had he sighted one at
the head of the stairs.
Mips Grace If. Friend is the owner
of a doll seventy years old, and there
seems to be less difference between
dolls of the beginning and end of this
century than in the styles of their
clothing. Another doll, dating from
Is dressed in beautiful embroid
ered clothes, all hand and tambour
work. Its clothing is valued at many
hundreds of dollars.
It certainly must have been very
hard to steal a kips from a damsel la
muscle dance to the music that obtains
with the inventors. The boys 1 band re
mains, and the old favorites have added
fresh touches to their acts. Jennie Yea
mans is the conspicuous figure for next
week. CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
ALLEGED SCANDAL IN OIL.
Rumor of Rottenness in Government
Contracts Is Circulated.
The charge has been unofficially made
that the Government has been paying
more for the oil necessary to lubricate
the machinery in the army transports
than is warranted by the prices ruling in
the market. No proof, other than an in
terview with a local dealer, who has been
unsuccessful in securing another con
tract, has been submitted. That inter
view Is from Charles M. Vates of Yan-s
& Co.. which firm furnishiHl oil at 60
cents a gallon for the transports Han
cock Grant and Sherman, the Standard
Oil Company now having the contract at
32 cents a gallon. In that interview he
said:
I am not going to make any charges about
the trouble over the <>!! we furnished the
transport Hancock. There was a complaint
made to the quartermaster's department
and I went to see Colonel Long at nnce. It
appears that the chief engineer said In a
mport that the oil wan too light for the
heavy machinery of that vessel. That ig a
matter which could easily l>e rectified, and I
so explained to Colonel Long. I heard no
more after that, but I see we did not gtt
any more contracts. In tart, the next thing
I heard was that the Standard Oil Company
had been successful In securing a contract
for "1000 barrels, m»ne or leHB." as the
tenders read, at 32 cents a gallon.
Colonel Long, the head of the quarter
master's department, refuses to make
any statement on the matter, as doea \V.
S Miller, representing the Standard Oil
Company. It is said, however, that the
new contract, which Yates did not get,
was let openly after an impartial test of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
coloninl times. The hats worn at that
period by young women resemble con
certinas, and can be drawn out nearly
two feet in front of the face, and are
made to fasten In front, as well as in
■k, with ribbons. Tn explaining
this hat Mr^. Fish remarks to visitors
tl-it with hoopskirtp and concertina
hats it would seem as if the arms and
lips of the wooers of a century ago
must have been more far reaching
than those of the lovers of to-day.
These extension hats of 17?0 are the
property of Mrs. Chamberlain of
Berkeley.
Mrs. A. J. Stevens ha? several Inter
esting exhibits, among: them a boy's
cap of 1860, that would be indignantly
pooh-poohed by any young gentleman
of 1899.
Mrs. F. B. Ginn is the owner of a
hat box made in 1800. The hat at that
time must have been about six inches
high and about three feet in diameter,
judging by the dimensions of the t>"*
required to carry one of them. There
 or. exhibition South Sea hats,
Chinese hats, Japanese hats ami crea
tions of various climes and ages that
would not be recognized as hats ex
]■ ib. ticket pinned on for the
enlightenment of visitors.
Amoner the exhibitors are Mrs. A.
H. Hal :k, Mrs. Field, Mr?. Little.
Mrs. Osgood, Mrs. Benton, Mrs. W.
E. Sb ap>n, Mr?. Walter Matthews and
Mrs. •'• H. Burnham. Mrs. L. S. Bur
and Mrs. Titus have supervised
tii. decorations, and Mrs. George W.
Percy has attended to the historic sec
tion of the exhibit. Miss Grace
French, Mrs. Derby, Miss Pope, Miss
Munsell and Mrs. Nusbaumer were In
attendance in ancient costumes.
Besides th« hat of history there is
also the hat of commerce. While a
couple of tables contain hats, every
one of which signifies a chapter of
the past, it requires a dozen tables
to set off modern creations in head
gear. Judging by these specimens, the
ostrich feather is not forbidden by the
rule? of the Audubon Club. There
were also some specimens of the
dainty little hats of date September,
'99, wins" sole ornament consists of a
solitary quill feather varying in
length from one to three feet.
Perhaps, after all, the handsomest
hat? in the show were those worn by
the ladies of the Ebell. who gathered
around the exhibits and cheerfully ex
plained to visitors the various rami
lications of hatology. Which would
seem to prove that the beauty of
headdress depends to a large extent
on the suDerior beauty of the fea
tures it surmounts.
The exhibition will be kept open to
morrow afternoon.
the oils, and that It will stand a Gov
ernment investigation.
"Oil is like whisky, in one respect at
any rate'" said an oil dealer yesterday;
"you name your price and any dealer
will make an oil to suit."
KELLY OR CUNNINGHAM.
Body of a War Veteran Under Two
Names Found Drowned in the
Bay.
Tho decomposed remains of an old man
in tlu> garb qf a laborer were found yes
terday afternoon floating in the bay near
the foot of Uroadway wharf 2.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
the clothing was examined for a clew to
his identity. In the pockets were found a
deposit book on the Hibcrnia Savings
Bank in the name of Dennis Cunningham
and showing a balance of $41 76 In his
favor. There were also a punched meal
ticket "ii the Philadelphia House on Geor
gia street. Vallejo, John Plagemann, man
ager. The ticket is In the name of Wil
liam Kelly. There was also a receipt for
$1 in the name of William Kelly for lodg
ings and signed by Plagemann.
Among the papers was a letter from
John W. Morris, late principal examiner
of the renslon bureau at Washington,
addressed to William Kelly at the Phila
delphia House, Vallejo, In which the fol
lowing occurs: "The charges of desertion
standing against your record as of the
Vnitfd State? navy cannot be removed,
as there is now no existing law on the
subject."
In the coat lapel of the deceased was a
copper button of the Grand Army of the
Republic
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
HER HOME-MADE
REMEDY NEARLY
DROVE HIM MAD
Pantoskey Answers
His Wife's Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 19.
The sensational charges of cruelty and I
Intemperance made by Rica Pantoskey
against her husband. Herman Pantoskey,
in her suit for the recovery of $75 month
ly for her maintenance and support, have
been met in an interesting and amusing i
answer and cross-complaint tiled by the
defendant this afternoon through his at
torney, D. Mitchell.
After denying each and every specific
charge of inflicting grievous bodily in
jury and mental Buffering upon the plain
tiff, or that he reviled her with the ap
probrious name of "thief" and "igno
ramus," and that she is destitute of
means, the aged defendant avers that
while he is possessed of some real estate,
it is mortgaged for $530, and that his
place of business is worth not over $150.
He denies that he has money on deposit
in banks, or that he has any intention
of disposing of bis earthly goods. He
denies also that there was any necessity
of bringing the suit, except for the pur
pose of Rica's "personal gain, revenge
and aggrandizement." For his second de
fense Pantoskey alleges:
''That he is 70 years of age, and for
two years last past has been and now
is suffering from mental and physical ail
ments, and therefore it became and was
an advertised necessity that he should
take some one to assist and care for him
In his age and infirmities.
"That plaintiff Rica, being without a
home or means of support and learning
of Herman's supposed wealth and great
ness, 'came from afar' not laden with
her jewels and precious stones, as she
had previously left same with her uncle,
and Bhe then offered him her love, heart
and hand and became his bride in Jan
uary, 1899; and as a dutiful wife prom
ised to love, honor and obey and to care
fully nurse defendants property and per
son Kut said plaintiff has not kept said
promise, but has willfully broken and de
parted ih'Tefrom."
The cross-complaint further alleges that
in February last the bride of one short
month "upon learning that defendant
was much indebted, requested that he
should turn over to her all his property
and I hereby defeat his creditors, and also
simultaneously demanded that her adult
son Simon Bendlt (an inmate of a house
of correction for felony), should on his re
lease therefrom come and reside with
plaintiff and defendant in their home in
Oakland and that he be by defendant
Bupported and established In their home,
although he is abl< -bodied, aged 27 years,
and well able to care for himself."
\ho\it the same time, according to the
cross-complaint, "Rica demanded a large
sum of money with which to release her
jewelry alleged to be pawned in San Fran
cisco by her or her Bon Simon." Herman's
vigorous refusal to me<-t these demands
resulted In the wife becoming aggressive,
disappointed and insulting until she finally
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A D IS9S. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAL .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. ...s 389,189 23
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,050,560 66
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824,027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other- mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 67,700 00
Ca«h in Company's Office 8.684 24
Cash in Banks 177,799 45
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock 3 and Loans 1,037 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,807 06
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 115,683 92
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 7,918 21
Ground Rents, well secured 21,320 00
Total Assets .$2.710.727 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 47,895 96
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 100,999 24
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 2,818 06
Gross premiums on Fire Rlyks run-
ning one year or less. $950,938 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 475,469 47
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $909,-
-247 !<9: reinsurance pro rata 494,791
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
Amount'rec'lalmable by the Insured •■■•■«*••■
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 666,667 35
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17,352 68
Total Liabilities $1,705.994 25
INCOME. " ~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1,226,144 49
Deposit premiums on perpetual
RiEks 16,731
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 61.574 85
Received for interest and dividends •
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources ...; 44,643 60
Received for Rents 18,569 94
Received from all other sources 2,665 04
Total Income .f1.570,329 60
EXPENDITURES. '" : "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 781,877 00
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including deposit premiums . re-
turned ••••••••••" 17.522 49
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244,023 46
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 48,356 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes •• 03,757 27
All other payments and expendi-
tures 171,085 25
Total Expenditures $1,346,626 47
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $813.448 66
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. i Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $139,088,171 $1,594,496 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 130,651,130 1,568,512 04
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... 167.386.350 1,860,186 94 .
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President.
RICHARD MARIS. Secretary.
Subscribed to and sworn to before me, this
6th day of February. 1593.
HENRY F. REARDON, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO..
"called defendant a criminal." Moreover
"she pointed to the ground and wished
for his death and prayed that he would
endure- everlasting suffering here and
hereafter. * * * Then plaintiff threat
ened to therefrom hate, vex, leave and
abandon defendant." , . .
Another complaint of Herman Is that
last June, when he was suffering from a
wounded head and otherwise, plaintiff ad
ministered to him a so-called remedy med
icine 'of her own make' that so disas
trously affected him in mind and body as
to drive him partly insane and unaccount
able for his actions."
In conclusion, the aged defendant de
clares that he always abundantly supplied
Rica with every comfort and kindness and
money necessary in their station of life,
and that even since she deserted him he
has repeatedly requested her to return and
share his home and happiness with him,
but instead she continues "to live apart
from him and their home, with the object
Of coercing from him by her action means
to establish another home, out of this
county for herself and her said convict
son Simon, and all at defendant's cost
and possible ruin in the premises." Mr.
Pantoskey accordingly asks that he go
hence dismissed, with costs.
■ ♦ .
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— County Clerk
Jordan to-day issued marriage licenses to
the following named; James J. O'Hara,
aged 27 years, and Emma Brown, 20 years,
both of Sonora, Tuolumne County; John
Llddell McNab, 26 years. Uklah, and
Vivien Davidson, 20 years, Berkeley;
George Davis Lauderback, 25 years, and
Cora Augusta Henry, 20 years," Berkeley;
Robert B. Symonds. 37 years, and Mary
Jane- Wigmore, 37 years, San Francisco:
Albert Cadwallader Williams, 35 years,
Santa Barbara, and Tvilly Grace Le Noir,
24 years. Oakland; Charles Henry Hawks,
2ii years, and Maud Daly. 20 years, San
Francisco; Tony Miller,' 45 years, and
Emma Dias, 10 rears. San TiPandro.
. ■» .
Three Deserting Spouses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— Judge Greene this
afternoon granted three divorces, each on
the ground of willful desertion, as fol
lows: Pauline Heintz from Nicolaus
lieintz. Alexander Anderson from Lizzie
Anderson and Antone Marshall from
Marie Marshall. In the divorce suit of
Elizabeth Logan against James A. Logan,
default of defendant has been entered on
account of his failure to appear or an
swer.
MRS. WALSH'S DEATH.
Coroner Hill Issued a Warrant for
the Arrest of Dr. Kohl and Mrs.
Dr. Kohl.
Coroner Hill Issued a warrant yesterday
morning- for the arrest of John Doe and
Jane Doe on a charge of manslaughter,
the victim being Mrs. Katie Walsh, who
died at the Brunswick House <>n Sixth
street last Monday morning from the ef
fects of a criminal operation.
The testimony brought out the fact that
Mrs. "Walsh had been furnished pills by
Mrs. Dr. Kohl of 1122 Market street and
that Mr. Dr. Kohl, her husband, was
called in afterward to save the patient's
lit. . which he failed to do. The jury,
however, brought in a verdict to the ef
fect that the deceased came to her death
at the hands of parties unknown to the
jury.
A pubpena had been issued for the
Kohls to attend the inquest and testify in
thf case, but they could not be found.
Coroner Hill informed the jurors that
he could not approve of their verdict.
"The evidence is sufficient to show that
the deceased obtained the medicine from
Mrs. Dr. Kohl," he said.
The warrant was placed In the hands of
the police, with instructions to arrest Dr.
Kohl and Mrs. Dr. Kohl. The name of
the latter Is found in the medical register
under the heading of Illegal practitioners.
STATEMENT
of the:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1898, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $533.333 33
ASSETS. " "
Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2,735,077 24
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.333.654 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 9.2.090 97
Cash In Banks 67.963 79
Cash in Company's Office ..
Interest due and accrued on all „..._„
Stocks and Loans •• 66,914 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
t| n 191,463 31
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued... ..............
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 250,837 68
Total Assets .$7.314.237 61
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ;••'••
Tosses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense •• $106,666 67
Losses resisted. Including expenses..
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $- ; re-
insurance 50 per cent. Gross pre-
miums on Fire Risks running more
than one year. $ 1 reinsur-
ance pro rata •••••• 649,287 79
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ : reinsurance 50 per
t fifhtiltv' under "Life" 'Department..!!.! 4,802.980 82
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 12.139 73
All other demands against the Com-
pany ' 347,738 46
Total Liabilities .$5.813.873 47
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ................. $1,380,501 39
Net ™Cm™ actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ••••••, •:
Received for interest on Bonds and
Receive d*? ' intVrest' and ' diVidends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ZoZ,S»4 OS
RSeelved for Rents 41.969 19
Received from all other sources 1,001,880 56
Total Income 077. 495 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $—. losses of Pre- ....... iA
vious years •— •• $d 70,65» 44
Net amount raid for Marine Losses
(Including^ . looses of pre-
D l'vldends* to Stockholders......
Paid or allowed for Commission or
PaUl for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 132,762 33
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 17,107 Oo
Allother payments and expenditures 1,307,050 82
Total Expenditures .$2.506.149 99
=¥^=
Losses incurred during the year $570.685 44
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
ten .... dU . -- the $391,390,452 $2,035,462 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the w
year. .• • • 173,489,061 842.M1 05
■ K»-t C amount in force 196.tt1.322 1.095.336 83
December 81, UM IM.MI.SM 1,095,336 88
"~~ "~ OLOF WI.TK. President.
ERNST BRING. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day ° f gUDm/aKERMARK. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTB,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
wWctSLOOlerli
DEER PARK AS
AN INSPIRATION
FOR PROPOSALS
Millionaire Tells How
He Was Wooed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 19.
John Nicholl, the aged Alameda County
capitalist, took the stand in his own be
half this afternoon in Judge Ogden's court
and offered testimony whijih hQ£ attorneys
are confident will squash Miss Hodge's
breach of promise suit. Previous to put
ting Xicholl on the stand McKee made his
opening statement to the jury, in which
he affirmed that the defense, among other
things, expected to prove that Nicholl is
physically and mentally much enfeebled.
Mr. McKee's client did not make good
the mental end of his attorney's suue
meni. Physically the old man is not in
good condition. The heavy stick he car
ries Is not a matter of fashion, but of
necessity. He hobbled up to the witness
stand and his whole bearing plainly
shewed his 77 years. Physically he Is
weak, but it is an Injustice to the vigor
ous old man to speak of feeble-minded
ness. Mr. Nicholl needed no prompting ro
remember dates nor ligurts, nor conver
sation, nor the contents of letters he
either received or dictated. He has a
gond memory and a sound brain, and he
showed it in spite of his counsel.
According to his story, he did not woo
and win Miss Hodge. She courted him
and got his consent, on conditions, to wed
her. "On the 10th of November," the wit
ness said, "I took Miss Hodge out riding.
AYe went out Fourth avenue to the top of
the ridge, east to Thirteenth street, on to
Diamond Canyon and past the Dlngee
place. We stopped alongside the place
and looked over and through the fence at
some deer there. Then she said, '1 have
an old dear alongside me in the buggy.'
Previous to that she had been hugging
up to me and calling me darling. During
the ride Jane talked of Mrs. Boyd,"
Nicholl went on to explain, "and of her
property. She said the Griffin crowd was
striving to win the affection of Mrs. Boyd
from her so as to get the Washington
street property. 'If Aunty Boyd should die
without a will.' she said, 'it would be a
year before anything could be done, and
during that time she (Jane) would have
no home."
It was while dolefully reflecting upon
her homeless condition that Miss Hodge
proposed to Nicholl. The lady wasted no
endearing terms, but stated her case
clearly and said: "If you would take me
over to your home I would make It so
pleasant you would be astonished." "But
the girls?" said the old man she was pro
posing to; "they will probably kick."
"I'll see the girls." said Miss Hodge.
"All right." said Nicholl: "if you get the
consent of the girls— otherwise no." Miss
Hodge did not get the consent of the girls.
"On the 7th of December." testified
Nicholl, "I went to see Jane. I told her
my daughter, Mrs. Wilson, was making
such a fuss about the engagement and
saying she was ashamed of me and
ashamed of Jane. 'If they are kicking so
much,' she said, 'it is all off and you can
go and tell the girls.' "
Mr. Nioholl on his cross-examination
showed that he had come to California In
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
>• OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day, # as made to the In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $72,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 391,313 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 526 97
Cash In Banks 77,663 2o
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 15.886 25
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,915 18
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 124,212 70
Certificate of deposit In hands of
United States Trustees 25,000 00
Cash in hands of United State* Trus-
tees 2,500 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets ;...$715.81S 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,753 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense ■ 27,005 06
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 2,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $302,317 97; re-Insur-
ance 60 per cent 151,173 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $235,882 41: re-in-
surance pro rata 143,599 81
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
re-insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $— ; re-insurance 50
per cent
Total Liabilities - .$328,032 16
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ................-..............5472,075 35
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums ii ••'•-"
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ••••»•••••• 3,680 00
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all '
other sources 17.384 64
Received for Rents
Total Income.... .$493.139 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $38,999 24, losses of previous
years) • $305,699 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(Including $— j — , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 156,188 18
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 38.632 72
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ■ ■ 9,941 50
All other payments and expenditures.. 27.652 14
Total Expenditures $538.114 47
Losses .incurred during the year, fire... 5296, 222 99
Risks and Premiums. [Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of . Rinks
written during the
year..... $52,709,008 $691,707 87
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 46,548,959 710,695 51
Net amount In force •
December 31, 1898 48.718.312 ! 538.230 33
ADOLPH LOEB,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February, 1899.
MARK A. FOOTE,
Notary Public.
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FOR THE PACIFIC COAST,
225 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL,
OF THE
.\BAycmts,
1554 and first located near Haywards.
There he remained for two years and In
1867 settled in Contra Costa, where he re
mained for forty years. He also testified
that he was a stockholder in the John
Nicholl Company, incorporated with a
capital stock of HOn.oOO. and of which he
owns shares valued at $39!>.200.
The morning pension was given over to
the cross-examination of Miss Hodge, who
stuck closely to the story she told in di
rect examination.
Mrs. Charles N. Berry testified she
knew of the engagement of Nicholl and
Miss Hodge that she had gone out with
Mi?? Hodge to purchase her wedding
outfit.
Mr. Berry heard the announcement of
the engagement on November 12. Mrs.
Boyd told him, saying, "Guess who is
going to get married."
Mrs. Ruth A. Boyd testified that the
Nicholl girls had Bent for her and told
her of their father's engagement to Misa
Hodge, saying they would rather have
him marry h°r than a stranger.
Mrs. Kate Griffin also heard of the en
gagement and noticed in Mr. Nicholl con
duct becoming an engaged man.
The case will go on to-morrow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORANTD HOTEL,.
A J Larsnn. Ijodi IW H Murphy, Mich
H C Mayes. lone P F Markoff. Mich
J H Bausher, RakersfM'D J Healey, Sac
Ft B Harris. Kentucky A G Burnett, 9 Rosa
R B Friend. Oakland A Benedict &w. B Jose
J E Auzerni?. San Jose !'. H Mlson ft v, S Jsa
W J BauKlier. NY X D Bvers, San Joee
It M Lelong. Sacto E C Dickson, Eureka.
G Phillips, Saoto . II Wood, Happy ('amp
H X Farnum. PalomnF '.V. J Dillman, Sacto
II M'-i:-ner, S Dakota H Radin, F
F L Gray, Lakeville I' O Oearbart, Idaho
W S Head. Present Mis- M Gearhardt, NY
J McDonnell. Menl.> J A Hunter. New fork
J S Marlove. Pacto R KtmMe, I^a
Miss X Md'lune, Oak W P llammon, Seattle
J D Bell, Kansas City H Hohenchild, Tacoma
L Blxby. Los Angelas W P Smith & W, Tac
F r< Abbe. San Juan J M Robertson, Mo
F H Paterson. S Jose |D T Covantry, Ont
J T Bmwn, Rio Vista Sarah E Williams, Cal
I L Chambers, Visallu HII Young, Sactn
W H Pfarr, Wheeling C B JillßOn, H^rnbrook
H C Suiter, Butte ? Rpmelsburjr. Redding
XV W Ashe. ■Wa.'-hlnßtn .T C Frank. Bradford
JC C Price. Hanford C 1.. Hill. Butte
I Rudee, I'klah G < ; Glaser, I >»nver
J T Stanford. Great Fl- iH Crawf rd, M
T McTayne, Deer lAz< 1 Greenhalge, Butte
C F English. Helena I
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss M A Farney, SanT H Carter, Montana
Jose J Barrett. Portland
Miss A Farney, S Jose J W Stolts, Now Y<rk
G H Bell, Washington ilrs Stolts, New York
Mrs Bell, Washington IMiss F Stolts, N V
C B Holloway, N V W J Cartan, N V
E P SpauHing, N V |Mrs A Burdett. Pasdna
T T Williams. Marin A Runlctf. Pasadena
F E Edwards. ÜBN Mr.= A Pales, N V
W Tinkerty, NY 1" Furza. Germany
E H Drew, Boston C F Scott, Kans City
it s Meyer, Germany w h Bayer, Bt Louis
\V C WakefieM. Boston J B Burton, St I*.ui&
! X M"<~;onnlel<», Pa IG B Soannell. Ariz
I L Fleishman, N V iH Abraham, N V
A Denman, Wash .1 \V Davis, Arizona
X w Rogers, h iton V w Perkins, D 8 N
J J Oolgaardt. Cermny J B Wolff, New York
\V Baur. New York E C Voorhies. Sutter
Mrs M Dinsmore, LAng Mrs E Lyon, BactO
L D Fitch. New YorK Mrs W E Gerher. Sao
Mips L Barron, NY F Burk, Vacaville
Miss F Barrr n. N V Mrs r.ui-k. Vacaville
XKW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Lopez. Valley Spgs , L Forsberg. Sacto
Miss it Lopez, Valley W A Brown, Portland
Spring? II IdcCabe, M-
S J Boyd. Liverpool J Mulroy. Stockton
D E Goodman, Sacto T Sibrian. San Jose
H(; Proctor, Dakota T H Cnleman, Manila
W M Hoover R Bluff W S Dunning. Oakdala
C B Gungl. Fresno W II S< hinal & w. Cal
H L Smith. Pan Jose IN M Anderson, I
J Obern, Palo Alto 'Mrs I Pecle, Portland
J Cook. Ohio P Kile & w. Or
Aged Man Robbed.
PASADENA. Sept. 19.— Henry D. Pajre,
an aged fruit peddler, was robbed of $17 50
by two men in a buggy just outside the
city this morning.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— — OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. IS9B, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the.
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. *
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company $322,671 37
Loans on Bonds and Mortagages 2,034,199 17
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,963,13125
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 161 550 00
Cash in Company's Office 11,366 89
Cash In Banks 168,007 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,154 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 65.672 85
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 681,403 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1,633 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 20,073 74
Total Assets ._■s«. 430. 863 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $129,555 79
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 123,816 21
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 86,410 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,792,988 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent 896.494 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,039,-
-150 09; reinsurance pro rata 1,129,056 17
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50 per - \ '
cent
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance poli-
cies 1.949,312 78
All other demands against the Com-
pany 301,27139
Total Liabilities ..$4.565.917 59
INCOME. "~~~ "~*~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,522,175 33
Perpetual deposits received 61.704 S3
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 130.300 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 135,061 43
Received for Rents 6,637 94
Received from all other sources 17,748 33
Total Income $2,863,628 OS
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $212,786 68, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,533,541
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..'. 652,589 14
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc 264,198 73
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 81.003 04
All other payments and expenditures 180,637 18
Total Expenditures .;$2.811,*>69 32
Fire.
Losses Incurred <inrlnK the - - $1,591,997 43
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $296,689,628 $3,353.694 04
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 311.862,977 3,290,287 89
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898.... 355.208.085 3.832.138 84
E. C. IRVIN. President. . ~~~
BENJ. F. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2.1 d
day of January, 1899.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
STATE AGENT.
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
Manager S. F. Department,
219 SANSOME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE at the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until ]2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: "pen until 9:30 o'clock.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 ©"clock.
EH McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
f!5 Larkln street; 01 en until °:30 o'clock.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
tKi Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
urtll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken
tuck?- rtreet*: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT, MORIAH Lodge No£44£]-/rand ft
A. M.-Meetlnc THIS (W ED^EMMM -_?V
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third
greeT THEO.'. FROLICH.I BccSg '£**>.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. 11. JBl
_D 3d THIS (WEDNESDAY) E\KN-«,0%,
ING Sept 20, at 7 :HH o'clock. By orde r SLjK
of the WV M. 35 H.* FORTRIEDE.^ SccTg 'Y_
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. A
M.-Special meeting THIS (WEDNEb-^^
DAY) EVENING. Sept. 20. at T:vl 7^s^
o'clock. Second decree. ' • '~^
THE' ; _ SMITH. Secretary. _
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— A
' Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) J&
EVENING, at T:K<> o'clock. 3d Degree. %^
f c - D. J_ KER__Seoretary. / V >
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57. I CO. l\/§
F.-Specinl session THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, September 20. forA
the purpose of receiving petitions ai-.X X
conferring degrees. F. P. DLLEi, C. P.
A. HOVEY; R. S..
MORSE Lodee No. 257, I. O. O. > w*S_*s3 lt »
F-Inltlßtlon THIS ('WEDNES-^^^&j
DVY) EVENING, September 20. " S^^C3^^
•Ml members are expected to be "* wt>
present. Visitors cordially Invited.
,T. L. \\ i'j l • r-v. In. t».
C. BRIND, Rec Sec.
THF. regular meetir.g of the San Fran- H
ci=c.7 Bricklayers" Association will be **±^
hMd THIS (WEDNESDAY) EN- f/£j>
ING. Sept. 20 IS9B. at r. •': Hall. \%\r\P
Eddy St., at i o'clock. A full attend- vj
once requested; business of Impor- 111
tail re. E. J. BRANDON, Pres.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Rls-
don Iron and I. motive Works, to take into
consideration i<ropos»d Increase of capital
Ftock.
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and order of th» hoard of directors
of The Rißuon Iron and Locomotive Works, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the Jaws of the State of Califor-
nia, ond having its office -and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, In said State, unanimously adopted
st a regular meeting of said board held on
the peventh day of August, in the year one
th.tiFHnd eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora-
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October. In the year one thou-
Mnd eight hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of said
d»y, at the office of eaid corporation, which
is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Beale and Howard Etreets, In said city
and county of San Francisco, the same being
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually
mi=<rts:
That thf» object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine whether or not the capital stock of sai.d
corporation shall be Increased from one million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
of one million one hundred thousand dollars,
divided Into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which it Is proposed to
increase the said capital stock Is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors.
L. R. MEAD.
Secretory of The Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
Dated August 8, i «<><>.
ACCOUNTANTS.
t. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. design?, audits A
ediu«ts accounts for corporation* & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce l;iw a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stoektn.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71: practices in all courts.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreokels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market st.. room 67: advice j
free charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGL attorneys at law, Emma j
Spreckels building. 927 Market st. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. ':".-, Market St.. .pp. Mason.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class; 1714
Market st., S. V., Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms,
50c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
AN exceedingly quiet and attractive home Is
open to a few appreciative people; terms, in
advance, 535. Home, box 2267, Call.
GENTLEMAN can find room and board in pri-
vate family at 232 Halght st.: fine location;
Haight st. cars pass door; terms moderate.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good h«me cooking: special rates to gents.
POST, 1429— One large alcove front room; also
sunny room; board for couple or two.
VAN NESS aye., P40 — Nicely furnished rooms'
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN NESS. 944— Elegartly furnished rooms;
excellent board: special rates to couples.
BOARDING FOR CHILDRL.N.
WANTED— to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington aye.
BOOKS — AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Ho. Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $S5; dally receipts $25;
meals not less than 25c; bargain. R. G.
WILKE, 908 Market st.
!A— $600; ELEGANTLY fixed up and first-class
paying saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
JJO; lease; disagreement of partners cause
cf sale. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$3750— Market st. comer saloon, close to Chroni-
cle, -.el! stocked, paying tiptop; lease; owner
must n't. Mexico. WILKE, 906 Market Bt.
A— SI2OO— DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay-
Ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Cull R. G. WILKE, Hob
Market st.
A— J.%O0 — CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
st.; rent }.-.. ■. old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire It.
G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$1250— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60; mercantile, lunch; surrounded by whole-
sale house! and Iron foundries; place clearing
above $l»0 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R. O. WTLKE. 906 Market st.
A— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st.; open day and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. R. O.
WILK_, '.•■/, Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 908 Market st.
$250— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety"; 4
living rooms; cheap rent; owner owns build-
ing; will give lease. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
1750— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candies, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; clean::? $126 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call building; clearing $300 monthly; proof
furnished; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
-CIGAR store on Market St.; bargain this
day. COWING _ CO.. 995 Market st.
FINE delicacy store, center part of city, at a
great sacrifice. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
PARTNER wanted mfg. business; will bear In-
vestigation. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
RESTAURANT .*. „
FIRST-CLASS
COUNTRY TOWN
MIST SELL OFFER WANTED
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.
$500— BRANCH bakery, stationery, notions,
etc.; north of Market; cheap rent; 3 nice liv-
ing rooms; receipts $300 monthly. WINSTON
_ CO., 1026 Market st. , - j
A LIST of bargains this week: Saloon. 8 living
rooms, $275; saloon, living rooms, city front.
$75; grocery and bar. Mission Bt., only $275;
several other bargains. HEALY, 917 Market.
BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
• supplies, opposite school of 900 children; doing
business $20 day; milk alone pays rent; 4 liv-
ing rms., bath; rent $16. Jones & Co., S6J Mitt.
A— $650— LAUNDRY route, clears $100 a month:
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22',a
Geary Bt. ■
BUY or Bell your business to your satisfaction.
la to call at TH* PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE. 1007^4 Market St.. near Sixth.
PARTNER on chicken ranch; lady or gentle-
man silent or active, with $250 to $400; ad-
vertiser has 13 years' experience; good -re-
turns from start. Address box 821, Call dfflce, ]
Oakland. ■ -
FOR sale— Engravers' well established busi-
ness in a good town; brightest prospects. Ad-
dress box 215.V Call office. ~ *J
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
, RESTANR.ANT at a sacrifice; disagreement
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4
Market st. '
SALOON: one of the best bargain? In the
city. Mclaughlin _ <■<>.. 777 y. Market st.
— PARTNER wanted In prosperous country
town In tonsorlal. billiards, cigars, station-
er}- and notion store. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
::.-.■ Market Ft.
FOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
SMALL coffee house for sale. Inquire at Call
office.
• NOTION Bazaar for sale; toys, stationery, fan-
cy goods; half price. Room 127, 1236 Market.
$450 — SALOON and lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
i I os partner. Apply liquor store, 815H Folsono.
WANTeS man with a few thousand
dollars in an old established manufacturing
business: will stand full investigation. Box
I 2134. Call office.
WANTED— or partner for plumbing
business; no experience needed. 1918 Howard.
A. WHITE .<• CO., 597 Market St.— Do you want
| a quick sale? List your bargains with us.
$1000— FOR SALE— A paying drug business in
Western Addition. Box 2286, Call.
$lli BRANCH bakery for sale; 2 living rooms.
805% Filbert st.
FOR sale cheap— Bakery, notions, cigar stand.
I Apply 17C4. Howard st.
1 AN offer wanted: old-established corner saloon:
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stock and
a good business. 632 Market St., room 6.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washington st.
| BARBERS— SI7S; 2-chalr shor>. fine fixtures,
near S. F. ; fine location: good prices; cheap
rent: $23. $30 week. JONES, si;:. Market st.
FOR honest dealing, buying. selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting C 0. ,428 Kearny.
i COFFEE and tea rout- i supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C0."8.\4_ Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1241. Call office.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply C.ill office.
FOR sale — paying inside route on this
paper. Apnly Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
] TWO small business wagons; one large one;
i doctor's phaeton; a bargain. 3767 Twenty-
fourth ist
____
FINE business buggy cheap. 16 Bond St.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW. 1621 Markt.
, 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
; buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
I etc. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating' Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
! STEVENS, mgi . 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
j J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225: lowest rates.
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. ■ 02 Sutter Et. ;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
■ CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
I STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
; Ft.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel Mission 74.
1 CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate nve. : tel. East 1%.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlca Cleaning and Toilet Compounds _nd
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS ami m IKITLALISM.
MM 'AM?: A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
IC. STEERS, medium; 112£ Oak St.; circles
I Tues., 8 p. m.; Thurs., 2 p. m. 25c; read-
I ings, $1.
DR RINES' spiritual test: others; every
Wednesday, 8 p. m. 335 McAllister st.
MM I .. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME HANSON card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
PR( IF. GEE Readings $1, 1035 Market st. : test
! circles Thurs., Fri., Bp. m., 25c, 627 Bush st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
PROFESSOR ZERA. the best fortune teller
In the city. 26.*! Third St.: upstairs.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall _. 5 Seventh st.
SPIRIT test, business medium: sit. 50c, $1; cir-
cle Tues., Thurs., Sat. at 8, 10c. 510 Valencia.
MME LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; tee -' up; satisfaction.
YOUR future tojd ny cards, 25c; dally. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun. 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS.C .T.MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed. 5at;2&8p.m..10c&25c; sittings daily.
MME BTBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.*'-: ladles. 914 O'Fftrrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less s'.i.-ce«.-:-ful. Ho. in 31". Mark-t st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
jS— 53O IVY aye. ; three sunfly rooms, basement,
yard; between! Laguna and Octavia sts.
$18— PRETTY cottage; 5 rooms; almost new.
29C5 Twenty-first ■:. key at cor, grocery.
COTTAGES WANTED. ,
FURNISHED or partly furnished cottage, 6 or
7 rooms, or lower flat; north of Market, west
of Van Ness: preferably with yard. Address
box 1211. Call.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe ZJnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specially; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plnt«>s, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 M up; platen, extractions free, $4 f.O up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $8; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; euarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market Ft.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST price* in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk ft.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers: Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. T. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial Shorthand. typewriting,
bookkeeping. electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish.
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or Fend for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AT RES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50: catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory eohool
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references, Pres.
.. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 802 Montgomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system, Bunny rooms; low rates: day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey. assay, archi. and even.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics', steam, graphics,
etc- circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth St.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline Et.. Oakland.
SINGING piano: Paris grad.: French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 520 G. G. aye., r. 6-7: hours 2 to 8. _
GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
Mrs. C. .1. & Miss Elsie Tooker. lOCS Bush st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Letpilc; lessons. 75c. S2O Golden Gate ave-.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.grammar, writing; i
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORFHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT Danish girl desires situation as
cooking and housework; best of reference.
.MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged American
Eastern woman as housekeeper, hotel, private
I family, ranch or mining camp; good cook;
! reference. Address Room 13, Ahlborn House,
1 319 Grant aye.
WANTED— By a first-class French laundress,
washing or cleaning in private families by
the day; best of references. Call or address
MADAME. 10 Caroline place, between Pacific
and Jackson sts. . '.
GOOD American woman wants work by the
day; cleaning empty houses; also carpet
cleaning and all kinds of work; fine worker;
$1 a day and car fare. 276 Jessie st., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation at
housework; is good cook and laundress; city
or country; good reference. Address box
1222. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; good plain
cook. 115 Wildey St., off Fillmore, nr. Bush.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as cash-
ier In store or saleslady in bakery: experi-
enced and best of references. Box 2289, Call. |
WOMAN wishes situation in hotel or boarding-
house; good cook on pastry. 70 Jessie st.,
near Second. _________
YOUNG lady, city reference and experience,
wishes position as nurse or nursery govern-
ess. Box 1219. Call.
GOOD, respectable woman, lately from the
East, wants laundry and upstairs work. S2S
Geary st. _________
WANTED— PIace as stenographer; understands
mimeographing; wages $15 per month. Box
£291, Call. '•_
REFINED American, good housekeeper, fond
of children, desires position in family. Box
| 2258, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
housework; $1. 3277 Seventeenth St.. near
Miss I on.
SOBER, middle-aged woman wants position;
good rurse in sickness or confinement. 42GV4
Grove st.
GERMAN woman would like to work by the
day; general housework and washing done.
Box 1221, Call. _•
RESPECTABLE, competent woman desires to
do general housework in city; good reference,
ISO 7 Mission st.
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation as
cashier In bakery or restaurant. Address 368
I Gear}' ft., room 9.
NICE German girl wants situation; upstairs
work and wait at table; city reference. 1022
Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
in private family; best of references; wages
535. Box 2164, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as cook or to do
light housework. 930 Montgomery st.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do light
housework. Address box 1220, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position of any kind In
evening. Box 2290, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing and
cleaning. 1648 Mission St.
NEAT American girl wishes to do upstairs
work and Fewing. 1619 Webster st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, Mason's widow, of re-
finement, requires situation as companion or
managing housekeeper for family; pleasant
home more an object than high wages; coun-
try preferred. Box M, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged widow, with-
out any incumbrances, wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor. In city
or country, for a good home. Address MRS.
H. BURT. 256 Eighth st.
BY German woman; first-class cook; wages $25;
daughter can take care of children In Fame
family; wages no object. Call or address 2403
Clay st., rear.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
in private family: best of references; wages
$35. Box 2164, Call office.
GERMAN GIRL wishes situation as house-
keeper or to do light housework; a plain cook.
Box 2156. Call office.
BRIGHT young girl would like a position In
a drygoods store. Apply 334 Bush st.
GERMAN girl, good cook, wants position In
small family. Inquire O. SIMON, 63 Clemen-
tina st.
YOUNG German woman with one child wishes
work either general housework or cooking;
city or country. Address 2315 Mission st.
WANTED— Position as working housekeeper
by competent woman, or would take charge
of invalid; reference given. 209.;. Ellis st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; good reference. 618 O'Farrell --t.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies or at home. 919 A Sutter St.; telephone
Larkln 862.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10»6 Va-
Ifncia tt
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, merchandise and
mining, wants position; bond furnished;
would leave city; Mexico, Manila or any-
where. Address H. L. LLOYD, 836 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation.
Oakland , preferred; best of references. Ad-
dress box M 24, Call office, Oakland.
COOK wishes a position in a cafe or restau-
rant. Please call or address F. G., 774% Fol-
som st. .
STRONG young man, age 19. wants work In a
grocery store; can furnish good references.
Address box 2255. Call.
JAPANESE wishes Job cleaning house by day,
week or month. Address SASAKI, 523 Jessie.
SOBER, competent, American, with small
family, wants position as working foreman
on ranch; understands grain, fruit, stock and
poultry raising. Address P. O. box 15, Oat
Hill. Napa Co., Cal.
WANTED, by a married man, steady position
in wholesale or retail grocery or drug store;
5 years' experience; living wages, with chance
for promotion. Address or call W. G. X.,
732 Howard St.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day or other small jobs.
Henry Andersen, 852 Bush; telephone East MS, '■
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l*ncla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market St.. Pan Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento st.,
near Jones.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. 1718 Leaden worth st.
FLAT huntinu made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, ,
10 Montgomery St. ■
FOLSOM, Parlor floor; flat 3 large rooms; ■
yard; bath; good location. ■
HARRISON, 981. near Sixth— Clean flat; 6 :
rooms, bath; rent $22.
NEAR City Hall— sunny modern flats. 5 and
6 rooms and bath each. 26 Grove st., 25 and
27 Birch. - ■ ;
NEW Bunny flat; 7 rooms and 2 kitchens: lat-
est Improvements: bay windows. •. 417'^. Third. •
NINETEEN- and Noe. northeast corner— Four |
rooms, modern; $14; water free.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073— ft. from Castro cars;
upper 6 rooms, large lot; $15; water free. -
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell. nr. Baker. ■
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st. . - ■ ' .. . __^
$16 SO— GEARY, 1917; 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet: .
nice yard; cellar; gas; furnished hall; op- '
posite the park.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting. 15c per
yard this week only EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
7-ROOM flat, nearly new; 2 steady roomers;
rent reasonable. 772 Stevenson St., near 9th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpet* furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
FURRIER-,, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny: top floor.
HELP WANTED— AGENTS.
"WANTED— canvassers on soaps which
sell on their merit; experience not necessary
to make good wages. Apply at factory. 300b
Mission st. __________
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANBEN & CO.. PHONE "GRANT ISS"
Chambermaid to wait, Antioch, $22 50; 2 wait-
resses. Woodland. $20 (see party here): 2 wait-
resses, Healdsburg, $20 (see party here); wait-
ress. San Mateo, $20 (see party here); 2 wait-
resses, Salinas, $20; 2 waitresses, Bakersfleld,
, $20 (arm work, fare here); waitress, San Jose,
$25: 2 waitresses. Gait, $20: waitress, assist
chamb<»rwork Mt. View $20; waitress, cafe,
city, $20; chambermaid, city (sleep home), $15;
waitress tor Auburn, $20 (fare here). C. K.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
40 GIRLS for general housework; $10 to $25. C.
R. HANSBN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child, housework, country, $15
per month. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
NURSE, Oakland, two grown children; $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.
COOK, San Jose $30, see lady here to-morrow;
housework, Oakdale, |30. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 823 Sutter st. '
LAUNDRESS, $25. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutler st.
WOMAN to assist in the kitchen. $15; across
the bay. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, San Rafael. $25; see lady here Wednes-
day. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter at.
WANTED— German cooks, $25. $30: 2 laun-
dresses. Institution, $25, $30; 2 fancy ironers,
$10 week; 5 nurse girls. $20; Protestant second
girl, $20; second girl, $25; 8 restaurant wait-
resses, $5, $6 week; .'» chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20, city and country; 20 girls for gen-
eral housework, city and country, $20, $25;
also a number of girls for cooking and house-
work and work of all kinds. $20, $25. *. F.
CROSETT &■ CO., 316 Sutter st.
A -HOUSEWORK, San Rafael, $25; Alameda.
$21 : Oakland. $25; Sausaltto, $20; Berkeley,
$25: 12 housework girls, city, $25 and $20; 15
young sirls to assist. $10, $12 and $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN to assist in kitchen; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
TWO Institution cooks, $30 and $3,".. see party
here 11 o'clock; cook, Menlo Park, $25; San
Jose, $30; nursgelrl, $20; second girl, $20; cook.
$30; woman to cook in delicacy store, $15;
(Je,rman girl for bakery, $20; housekeeper. $10;
2.". houseglrls, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Butter st.
COMPETENT young girl to do general house-
work: wages $20; call after 9 a. m. 719 Cole
St.. between Waller and Frederick.
RELIABLE young girl to assist In very light
housework and care of baby; wages $10 per
month. 1646 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. Call
between 9 and 11 a. m., 2643 Bryant aye., near
Twenty-fifth St. .
WANTED— hairdresser and mani-
cure; $10 per week"; steady position. Address
box 704, Call office. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording ladles' un-
derskirts, flannel skirts, etc. Apply 11.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st. '__
EXPERT Kodak operators at once; can make
$2 and up per day. Call at 141 Hyde at.,
Wednesday afternoon.
WANTED— First-class vest finisher; also ap-
prentice. Room 115, St. Ann building, Eddy
and Powell sts.
GIRL wanted; good cook and laundress; refer-
ences required. Call between 10 and 12 a. m.,
1011 California st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices wanted; must
know how to sew well. 131 Montgomery st.,
room 5.
GOOD pants finishers. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO., Powell and Eddy sts., 7:30 a. m.
GIRL for light housework, plain cooking, three
in family; wages $15. 1822 Sutter st.
COOK and waitress for boarding-house. 524
O'Farrell st.
WANTED Young woman for light house-
work; wages $10. 1609 McAllister St.
WANTED— extra waitresses. 608-610
Seventh st.
GIRL for housework and cooking, short trip
and in country.' Apply 617 Steiner st.
TAILORESS wanted on pants. 713*4 Bush st.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 188 Runs st.
GOOD pants finisher; permanent; first-class
pay. 72-t l -.- Market st., room 27.
WANTED— First-class vest finisher. 8 Grant
aye.
GIRL wanted at ladles' tailoring. D. KOUFF,
1426 Polk st.
GOOD waitress wanted in restaurant. 1507 Mar-
ket st., near Eleventh. .■> t-v
GOOD hands wanted for tailoring. 208 Rose
aye., near Octavia st.
GERMAN or American girl for light house-
work: small family; $10. 703 Laguna st.
GOOD cook; hours 7 to 1:30. IQQS Hyde st.
PANTS finisher; steady work for a good hand.
S5l Pine St., near Mason. "
GIRL for general housework In German fam-
ily; no washing. 439 Minna st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with light
housework and baby. 129 Olive ave^
NEAT girl; light housework; small family;
plain cooking. 1117 Turk St.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 2111
Geary st.
YOUNG ciil to assist with children and sec-
ond work. Apply 1622 Gear}* St.; forenoon.
NURSE rlrl to assist with children and help
In housework. 1303 Page St., near Lyon.
AN apprentice on custom coats; pay -while
learning. 658 Clay St., room 7.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $15. 1530 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and apprentice for cus-
tom coats. 10?,6 Howard st.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS'. GIRLS'. GIRLS'. GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32H Fremont St., ]
are putting In the very best sewing ma- '
chines and will take in several hundred more j
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to j
MR. DAVIS. ■...;■;„
FINISHERS on coats, pants and vests; best
wages in the city. 541 Market st.
A FEW machines are yet vacant in our over-
all department: bright young girls will be
taken for instruction: $4 to $10 a week can be
earned: steady work. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, corner Qough and Grove sts.
WANTED— First-class finishers on vests;
steady work and good pay. 854 Folsom st.
AN operator on custom pants; steady work.
225 Fifth st.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. 935
Market St., room 16.
WANTED— 3 girls to label canned goods. Over-
land Packing Co., 217 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Experienced talloress; steady work.
149 Russ St., bet. 6th and 7th, off Howard.
WANTED— Finishers jon custom coats. 106
Battery st. ::w.-; . .
YOUNG girl apprentice to learn the halrdress-
Ing trade. S. STROZ.YNSKI, 24 Geary St.
50 GIRLS to sew on buttons. 36V4 Fremont st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
housework; $20. Inquire 321 Kearny st.
WANTED— An experienced talloress on custom
coats; good wages; steady work. 1814 Market..
APPRENTICE on pants; paid while learning.
110 William St.. off Geary.' near Taylor.
WANTED-- girl for general housework;
$12 a month. 456 Bryant st.
W ANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731, Green St., near Mason.
HELP WANTED FEMALES.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats; good wages; 6teady work. 138
Russ st.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to assist housework;
good pay. 314% Clementina st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
IKONEKS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRT ASSO-
CIATION. Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
"WOMEN and glrla wanted to worK on fruit at
J7G San Jose aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia ft.
HELI* WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
WANTED
Coast Road, free fee and fare for laborers
and teamsters, $1 75 and $2 a day.
10 stone masons, $3 iO; 15 helpers, $2; free
fare.
VALLEY ROAD
3 different camps— 2o 4-horse teamsters,
$2 25 a day; 20 2-horse teamsters, $2 a day; 15
laborers, $2; free fure.
25 laborers and teamsters, $2; board $4 50 a
week.
6 graders, $2: 5 teamsters, $1 85; no blanketo.
needed; board and lodging, S5 h week.
MADERA BRANCH
10 2 and 4 hurse teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day;
free fare.
30 laborers, company work, $1 75 a day;
board ?4 iiO; frefi fare.
10 rockmen, $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife, private place, country, handy
man and woman cook, $. r >o and found; man
and wife, private place, $40 and found; farm-
er and wile, do housework, $40 and found:
man about place, $45 and room. All see parly
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
2 BOILERMAKERS, $3 75 a day; 4 carpenters.
near city. Mulshing work, $;! a day; 2 stone
masons, north, $4 a day; 4-horse coal wagon
teamster, $2 50 a day, steady; 2-horse coal
wagon teamstar, $2 25 a day. city; driver,
light delivery, $20; baker wagon, 116 and
found; sack sewer. $2 a day and board; 2 hoe
clowns. $175 and board; dairyman, 25 cows,
no butter making, $25 and fuund: buggy wash-
er, $50; buggy washer, $30 and found; har-
ness cleaner, $30 and found; stableman, {25
and found; assistant janitor, $20; almond and
apple pickers, $1 and found, for Marin and
Solano Cos. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SECOND cook. Honolulu, $60 and fare paid;
c.».ks. $13. :1" and $9 a week; oysterman, $35
to $40 and board; waiter, $30; waiter and bar-
keeper, country hotel, $_. and found; elevator
boy, with reference. $2U; bell boy, $15; eleva-
tor bo.v, $10. C. R, HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED Rip sawyer, $2 to $2 60 day; ma-
chinist, $2 50 day: 2 quartz miners, $2 50 day,
first-class company; l.uggy washer, $.".", h;ir-
ii. -s cleaner, .>4.'.; office-hoy, $3 week; 75 la-
borers for city and country. $1 75 to S2 day;
20 scraper teamsters, $'.' day, and many oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Woodsmen for different counties in
California, j.io to $60 per month; woodsmen
afld mil! men for Oregon, $1 75 to $3 day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $50.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. R2?s Sarramento st.
WANTED— Short order cook and wife as walt-
re«s, $an. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Night cook, country hotel, $35;
French restaurant cook, $55; hotel and board-
ing-house cook, $30 to $50; restaurant second
cooks, $14 and $5 week; night cook, good
place; oysterman for country, SS week and
found-, tare paid; night porter, $2".; porter
country saloon, $20 and found; dishwashers,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2R Sacramento St.
WANTED WANTED WANTED
15 men and stronK boys to pick grapes for
large vineyard company, good long job at $1
j»r day and board
Plain carpenter on ranch near city, $1 50 per
day and board
5 more laborers for brick yard near city, $30
and board; swampers, crosscut sawyers and
laborers for lumber yard, railroad; milkers,
••irniers; 10 teamsters for railroad, $1 88 p<>r
day; 5 grading finishers on railroad, $2 per
day. W. D. EWER CO., 610 Clay st.
~ .T777777... wanted
Meat cook for institution near city. $40 per
month, board, lodging and washing. W. D.
EWER & CO., 'H" '"lay st.
7777 WANTED
Driver for milk route In city; references re-
quired; $35 per month and fuund
ALSO
4-horse teamster to haul milk on Mission
r.nd. $30 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
ANDRK'H i .:T.. ••■. :;•• M...-kton st. c.,ok. ?"•>; 2
waiters, city, $2. r > and $10; butler. $40: 3 kitchen
hands and dishwashers, $30; farmer and wife,
$tiO; man and wife, private place. $40; gar-
dener and milk cows, ?2"; crape pickers, near
rity, $1 a day; stableman, $35; port°r, $25.
MAN and wife as cook and work In general.
$50 to $60, city; a man and wife as cook and
all around work, $46 to $50 per month, coun-
try. Miss CUXJiEN. 325 gutter st.
FIRST-CLASS butler, $35; must have refer-
ences: r-ity. MISS CTTLLEN, 32.' Sutter st.
KITCHEN porter, $20; assistant porter, $20; 2
waiters, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont-
gomery st.
PORTER, Hanford. $20 and found. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— FH_t-cla«s restaurant man with
some means to take hold of a cafe connected
with one of the best saloons In town. Apply
between 10 nnd 12 at the Florence, ]02 Ellis st.
WANTED- Man to carry out bread a few
hours In the morning. Call at Pioneer bak-
ery, cor. Clay and Mason sts.
BARBER to take charge of nicely fitted up
shop; good location; no money needed. Ap-
ply to STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and bushelmen. S.
N. "WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
WANTED— A boy to learn to press on vests.
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
WAITER wanted at 624 Fourth s^
BOY wanted. f>l6 Sutter st.
WANTED— A porter at 10 Powell at.
W \NTKD- Order and delivery clerk. Apply
Sl7 Valencia St.
STEADY barber for Wednesday, Frlflay, Sat-
urday. Sunday. 623 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack at 100 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Sign painter; young man; steady
work all the year around. 79 Third st.
UNDETU'RESSER on custom pants. BELAS-
CO & HARRIS CO., Inc.. 541 Market st.
"W ANTE D— G oo d tailor for bushellng at 625
Commercial st.
WANTED — Blacksmith's helper: used to wagon
and buggy work. 40R Eleventh st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; good
wages. FRANCES, 796 Sutter St.
BOY for German printing office. 635 California
st., room 3. j
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on custom
coats; good wages. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Good sober barber; steady. 408H
Sixth «t.
GOOD dishwasher. 126 Ninth st. ; call early
in morning. _____^_
WANTED— Bushelman. Apply Golden Eagle
Clothing Store. 104 Kearny^st^
WANTED A waiter. 607 Clay Bt.
WANTED— At once, man to do lead glazing
and hand metallic sash work. LOS AN-
OELES ART GLASS CO., Lop Angeles. Cal.
$65 PER month can be made by steady man:
permanent place; light work; must have small
capital. 1032 Market st.. room^
BRIGHT strong boy to lenrn shoe cutting. J.
c. NOLAN. 541 Market st.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter St. .
EXPERIENCED boy to feed Job press. 10
Stevenson st.
WANTKD l'oy nftr-r school to loam ft trH.>.
1008 Mission st.
WANT a man to drive a baker wagon. 1923
Fillmore st.
BARBER for evening-; nlso Saturdays and
Sundays. Dll Castro st.
"WANTED— Coatmaker. R64 Geary nt.
BOY to make himself useful in a store. KAHN,
Optician. 201 Kearny sr
YOUNG man to take and deliver orders; assist
In butcher shop; reference. 1612 Post St.
■WANTED— Hoys to Irani tailoring; also tail-
ors 131 Montgomery St., room B.
FIRST-CLAPS barber wanted; no others need
apply. 1405 Polk st
WANTED— At the I'nrK Hotel, dishwasher;
good wages. IS3O ITalglit st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 120.". Fillmore St.
COOP young waiter at 1390 Turk st.
COATMAKER an.l pantsmaker at 635 Kearny
st. Wednesday morning.
BARBER with one or two years' experience;
must be good shaver. IU9A FolsorA st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN BS4B
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
plasterers stone and concrete masons
brick layers harness makers
upholsterers slate splitters
wood turners mill bench hands
cabinetmakers sash door makers
bloekmakers setters sawmills
machinists on corrugated rolls coopers
wages above jobs. $5, $4 $3 50. $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
FREE FARE TO MADERA. FRESNO AND
LOS ANGELES DISTRICT: 126 teamsters and
laborers. $2 day. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
164 laborers and teamsters. $2 50, $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
STABLKMKN OTHER HELP
14 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, har-
ness deaners, etc., city and country. $50, $40.
$30. $25 and found; also help for Utah. Ore-
gon, Washington, Hawaiian Islands. Ari-
zona. British. Columbia. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
FRUIT PICKERS
GRAPE PICKERS
565 MEN AND BOYS
....FARES $125, OFFICE FEE $1 ONLY....
....ANYBODY WILL SlIT; TOU WILI
SO to 90 days' work. $30 per mo. and fd....
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
$3 50 DAY— COAL MINERS— S3 50
TO SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH
FARE PAID: BOSS AT OUR OFFICE:
COME SHE HIM. MURRAY & READY. 634-
-636 Clay st.
WE PAY rOUR FARES
TO 88 SAWMILLS. ETC
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
197 MEN FOR 50 different jobs
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
..WAGES $26 to $40 per month and found..
ALSO LUMBER PILERS, crosscut sawyers,
tree fellers, bark peelers, jack screwers,
woodsmen and millmen of even' descrip-
tion. $SO, $75, $65, $.".0, $45. $40. $30 and found;
woodcljoppers, tiemakers, shingle and bolt
makers, picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY Jv HEADY, 634-_t>36 Clay st.
WE SHIP You FREE ITREE FARE
to every R. R. In California but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stone masons, etc., from ii 50 day; board
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to is Coast R. R.). MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St. ________
! CARPENTERS"T. CARPENTERS
! 25 carpenter. S hours, free fare. 16 miles from
San Francisco, 9 months' job $3 day
18 carpenters, city and country job — $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 6M-6M Clay sfc
9 GOLD MINKS
4 SILVER MINES
23 OTHER MINES
25 miners $2 50 day
IS4 laborers (no experience wanted), $o7 per
month, including board and lodging
25 laborers, fare $1 60, No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 60, No. 1 mine
$34 and found
27 laborers, large mine $63
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOILER-MAKERS MACHINISTS
BLACKSMITHS
7 boiler-makers, country Jobs $3 75 day
6 machinists, city and country jobs $3 day
7 blacksmiths' helpers.. s6o, $50, $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP
S farmers and wives.. 2 waiters and waitresses
2 milkers and wives
2 chambermaids and porters
5 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
Wife to cook for men, man as choreman on
ranch; $60 $55, $50, $45, $40. $35, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 cooks. s6s, $55, $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and found
19 watt-rs $35, $:',O, $25, S2O and found
38 dishwashers $90, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first 5 second. 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boys to learn, $45, $40, $35. $30. $25. $20, $15
and found; come and see us; 15 porters, bed-
makers, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen,
janitors, $30, $25, $20, Sl5 and found; 7 laun-
drymen $35, $SO, $_5 and found
5 cooks and wives. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-6Sfi Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
25 laborers (no experience), fare 50c $60
12 laborers, fare $150 $60
15 teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day;
3 milk wagon drivers, city, $35. $25 and found;
young man for a grocery store, city
$20 and found
6 railroad section hands, fare 50c $60
MRURAY .<fc READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS'.
33 chorenif-n and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc., $40, $30, $25, $20,
$15, $K> and found; by the day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
Engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
ers[ 4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack
sewers straw bucks, derrick forkers. Ore-
man, $4. S3, $2 r.f. 52. $175, $1 50 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady jobs
$35, $30, J26 and found
6 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 436-636 Clay st.
YOUNG butcher, neat and active, for shop and
wagon; no other need apply. 1905 Point Lo-
bos aye.
DISHWASHER wanted; night work; $20 per
month. 15 Third st.
WANTED— A druggist; wages $9 per week. 10S6
Howard st.
STKAPV position for good engraver. Apply
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market St.
WANTED— Grocery clerk; experience. 200 Sec-
ond st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary at.
YOUNG barber wanted: wages $5 and board.
Address H. KOCH. 243 Georgia st.. Vallejo.
TWO barbers wanted for steady work. 797
Mission M.
WANTED— Solicitor for cement and concrete
work for Oakland and vicinity on salary or
commission. Address M. J., Call office, Oak-
land.
BOY. 15 to 17, to learn architecture. 44 Thur-
low block. i
COATMAKER and apprentice on vests wanted.
DRISi ■' >LL, 103 Fifth st.
GOOD coatmaker on custom coats. IC6 Bat-
tery st.
BARBERS— 4-chair shop: good business; for
sale. Apply STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED firm requires services re-
llnble man for this community: salary $18
weekly and expenses: state former employ-
ment. "Manufacturer," box 1027, Phllada., Pa.
WANTED— Waitress and waiter. 207 Third st.
WANTED — Young man to assist in restaurant;
German or Dane preferred; good wages. 10
Stockton st.
COMPOSITOR wanted. Call at Hayes Valley
Printing and Stationery Co., 310 Hayes at.,
near Franklin.
MEN for r_ hours' work a day. to clean for
room rent. 246 Third st.
WANTED— Good coatmaker. Inquire J. SMITH.
906 Market st ;
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
BARBER shop; 3 chairs and living- rooms;
owner retiring from business. See STOLTZ,
630 Market st.
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st.
WANTED — First-class coatmaker; good wages.
410 Kearny St., room 35.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing at 611
Laguna st.
WANTED — Good coat maker on custom coats.
Apply 233 Third St.; steady work.
BARBKRS— First-class barbers wanted at 2514
Greenwich _t., near Presidio; no graduates.
BARBERS— Paying 3 chair shop: $90; on ac-
count of sickness. 203 Montgomery aye.
BARBER?' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZw
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-:io6 Davis St.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS— Good shop in country for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
BOY with some experience In men's furnishing
goods, at LUBIN'S, 611 Montgomery st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
WANTED— 2 men of energy: straight salary
paid. Apply 8 a. m., 300 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
GENT'S line calf shoes to order, $.50 up; sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter St.
MF.N and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
, MEN wanted to l?arn barber trade in _ eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 63j Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wage*
$175 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S, camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road. ____
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week Elcho House. 863 V. Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 2.".c nleht: reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. _
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40~HORSES' for sale7~aiso wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
NO. 1 fresh Holstein and Jersey cow; third
calf: fine milker; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. PAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
— LODGING FOR SALE.
H C DECKER. 1081 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
___: MY BEST BARGAIN ;
TO-DAY. 44-ROOM CORNER ■
: COST $2500; PRICE $1200 — -
54 rooms; best in city •••••• *!»„
12 rooms on O'Farrell st.: large yard.... »37»
14 rooms on Mission st. ; clears $oO 600
| SO rooms, corner; rent $55...... '«»
18 rooms on Turk, near Market. • *™
48 rooms on Market St.: rent $75 1.800
48-room hotel in Oakland Z.W»
SO-room house; clears $300 *.»£•
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must 5e11.... 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house l.ww
11-room house; one f100r........ °™
8 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $250...... 2.200
I 50 rooms; elegant comer; clears $000 3.70«
7-room flat $150; room f1at...... 300
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $000.. 6.500
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200.....^.U^0
—MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACT* SHOWING CLEAR TITLE
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. oT>p. Finn.
COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.; bargain to-day^
65 rooms; north of Market st $4000
37 rooms; Sixth st. ; one floor JgNJ
•11 rooms: all light rooms 1«»
21 rooms; on Market and Sixth sts 1100
10 rooms; Golden Gate aye «*»
30 rooms; north of Market i«w
28 rooms; Jones st. ; rent $90 lo™»
17 rooms; Hyde st.: rent $75 »'»
S rooms; Howard St.; rent $20 2>J ?
' $700— SNAP: 45 rooms; fine location: all rented;
i rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300-BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented: near
Market st. : rent $40 month. BASILS. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FINE bargain, 17 'rooms; vicinity Sixth and
Market: clearing $75 monthly; bargains
in lodginghouses in city. HEALY. 917 Market.
A LODGING-HOUSE within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket st for sale on account" of death; sacri-
fice, inquire KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
LODGING houses to suit, at honest Prices:
money to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST-
EXCHANGE. 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
j-)i>S_ ELEVEN furnished housekeeping rooms;
j "clears $21 50; 2 rooms free; low rent. 1001
I Folsom st m
BEALE. 343, near Santa Fe Terminal— Larga
house 50 rooms; good renting location.
I NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
; St.. cor Third.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
! ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A.li.|PEC|*CO..^Mart«^ AGEa
811 Mission, 9 r..537 50:714 Waller, 7 r....525 00
9 Sixth 6 r 32 50 121 Cedar aye., 5 r IS 00
756 Folsom, 7 r... 21 0011241 Sanchez, 0.r.. 13 CO
731 13th. 6 r 20 00 4220 2Cth, 5 r 12 00
1333 Howard, 6 r. 19 00 537 Jersey, 5 r 11 00
S62M. Folsom, 6r. 18 3516 26th, 6 r 12 50
I 233 Duncan. 6 r.. 16 00 17 Erkson Crt.. 4rll 00
! HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
' list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. - ■
! ______—--—-■ -— — --^— i-~— -—— ~-^~™
'■' LOST AiMJ FOUA'D.
LOST— Leaving the Grotto, on City Hall aye.,
envelope containing deed of property, ■ N>ic
York Please return to office of MR. RIOR-
DAN. attorney at law. Safe Deposit bldg.,
Montgomery and California sts.
I LOST strayed or stolen, from coal yard, cor-
ner Third and Silver sts., a greyhound pup,
white paws and white breast. Return to coal
yard; reward. - _____
i ON O'Farrell-st. car, small hand satchel, con-
taining two bathing suits. Return to 96 Third
| St., cigar store; reward.
i LOST— Red leather book, containing the ac-
count of vegetable and fruit. Finder leava.
at Good Fellows' Grotto and receive reward.
MEDALLION charm; emeralds and diamonds;
initials G. E. H. : suitable reward. 419 Cali-
fornia st., room 2._^
LADY'S gold watch fastened to pin; lost Sun-
day either at Cliff House or Park; initials
"X F." outside and inside. Return to L. E.
BORN, Cafe Zinkand; reward $10. '
COIN bracelet, on Hlnckley alley or Kearny
st. Call at 416 Linden aye. and receive re-
ward
SATURDAY night, chain bracelet, lock: re-
I ward. 9 Beale st., or 1260 Seventh. Oakland.
LOST— About August 15, a gold I. O. G. T.
badge; reward of $1 50 will be paid for return,
of same to Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San.
Francisco; all diseases curtd exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
DR. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly of
401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.; now
! at 118 Eddy, one block 1 from ' Market. ■ V.:' :
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.; bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
•MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st. ______
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate ay». j
MRS. ALLEN. ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to » p. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IHS-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion 6t.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A— ST. BERNARD (at the stud); Diablo II;
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast; prizd
winner; fee $20. X., 22',s Geary, room 29.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes-
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults etc Tha
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal.
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor, $6; 1 roll ton
oak desk, large, new, cost $70. for $15; 500
loaded shells, $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors.
850 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission St.. near Nintn. ■
GOOD Caligraph typewriter, $25; get particu-
lars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgom-
ery st.
4 H. P. GASOLINE engine carburettor, muf-
fler. tank, batteries, etc, WHITE. 516 Mission.
CANARIES, fine young singers, $2; females.
50 cents. 118 Fell st. .
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
FIRE and burglar-proof safe for sale and
National cash register. 42 Main st. .
A— s3 50 DERBY, and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearn> st.. near Pine.
B _?_ 1 __" 1 i € ?. aml secon d hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st. ■
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 11 and
.24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
D £, E ,?iL pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery ft.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
glsts or at the Dog Hospital. . _
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. II Der year.MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Lot of second-hand oiking^uten"-
s'.ls for re-staurant; copper or otherwise. Ad-
dress 2r«7. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand surrey or light car-
r:ng*. in good condition. Box 1213. this office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up-
right pianos. Room "-" Flood building.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. UadcdM & Co.. lIS Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. ICO first-class scraper teams
with harness and reii bars: Ion; Job. E. B.
STONE Eimhurrt.
MON E V TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, ptatws. without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
tack in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
ray it and curry the loan as Icnar a* you de-
e.re; avoid red taf-e and publicity: see us first:
you wt'.l be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call eS-63 Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land cr Alameda at lowesc rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of S l^ per cent en real estate. 3d
and 2d mort^a^es" estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mcrtgares and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. .S.
HIGHLY r»sp*;ctaMe and private place to ob-
tain literal advance? on diamonds and J:w-
e'.ry at the lowest 'rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Stcr?. 545 Market st. : telephone ■ ...
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldgr.. 138 Powell st.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money an dia-
monds, jewelry. W. J. HE.'THAU 10 Sixth.
i'a?H loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
cut Indorser. MORRELL. 60? Examiner old?.
$:C TO $30,008; lowest rates- Isi and id mcrtgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON: furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. US McAllister it.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
jv^outJndorser.JTOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF >xur property Is mort?a?%d and you need
mere money see H. MURPHY. 530 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selUr.? pood upright pianos for $4
cash and $S per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
s-arr-e as if purchased for ail cash; bargains
in good sectir.J-hand uprights upon same easy
;ay:nents and some good piancs for $2. $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY <a CO.,
Steinway dealers, ccrner Kearny and Sutter
st;.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2<i. 25 and 3 1 ) O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ani
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pl-ase and satisfy tne
enstctcer.
A BATCH of tir?a!=s in pianos:
Erard $73 00
Cornish ...: . 1«5 00
Smith i Barnes . 190 00
1 Steok. 1 Chlckerirg. 1 Weber.
Er'NJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farreil St.
A FINS new walr.ut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIS'. TSS Market st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS", 7SS Mar-
ket St.. if you want the best.
A~FINE Aricn piano, $90. THE J. DEWING
CO.. second floor Flood building.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap fcr cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
SPLENDID Stelnway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10. Flood building.
GREAT sale cr "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvais", 753 Market st. Get prices at once.
, .
A— s*3 UPRIGHT piano in Sr.e condition; also
the famous Horanng Bros. 21S McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $65 up: installments. J3 73 up;
rents. $1 up fallowed on safe). Heine. 13fi Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Frarcis Bacon an.l Hallett & Davis p:ano«.
A BARGAIN — Steir.way upright -cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
CHEAP Steir.way upright; also the famous
Hcrriung Brcs.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
FOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. JOS
Pc?t st.
WANTED— 2 Souars Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON %•■--• m Post st.
KNABE rlancs: new scale; -•- styles. KOH-
LER &' CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR vtaltss zithers, old ani new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST ar.i best .'n America— Weekly
Cal! 15 pnges/ sent to any : -<=«« In the
United States or Canada, one year for {'..
■-- - - *
»rncßa AND STORES TO let.
_. __ : _ r
WANTED— TaMer or pawnbroker to pent fine
corner store: Kearr.y St.; also fine offices; $12.
SPECK & CO.
EMMA EPRECKEL? bul'dinr. 527 Market St.—
P»*'.rafc!# offices. 112 '-' to J2O-
PALMISTRY".
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 615 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
e'?.ct hours. 1 to ■ p. — : reading by mall. Jl.
PARTNERS AY ANTED.
I \ r ;TNER wanted. For particulars address
KLATT LUPTO.V. Acorn. Cal.
PERSONALS.
ASSORTMENT cf imported and_<lomestic rem-
f Hants for suits to order. JlO ij; cants. $3 75;
-•thing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1a44
Market it-, ander St. Nicholas Hotel.
U ME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
TaMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
PtRSO.NA'^S.
WANTED— Name and address of persons owing
mortgages' to Pacific States Building and
Loan Association, who have raid in on stock
fir « or 7 years. Address G. 3. HOLMBERG,
«"32 Market St.. S. F.. room 23.
LAOHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine fur* and seal
earmer.ts: also remodeling. 104 K^ary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfield, 53$ Market st.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic; used by
all leading people; makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottie. G." LEDERER. 123 Stockton Ft.
THE best is what you want.. At Lederer'3
Hairdressins Parlors they always suit you;
;3c: good switches. $1; fine. $2 50: Leclerer's
Fcimo Shampoo, 5c pkg. L»;derer, 123 gtktn.
HIR^UTINE Co.. hair sceciaUsts. ercw hair
or no cay; book tat stamp, t Eddy ?t.
A^LADIES" tailor-made suits to ord*?r at
wholesale figure*. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
tr.«, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
CUR leather is carved in Mexico; beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, an: Copyright
No. Tetter St., Laws a Specialty
Ban Cal. American and Foreign
Per.d far circular. Patents Solicited.
MARY— I go* my handsome cape at the East-
err. Outfitting Co., 13C« Stockton, - r Broad-
way There you can get most anything in teat
line on eajy payments; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
H.-tpl 44 Third st.. near Market: IM rooms;
Sc'to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— LafMeV or gents' clothing, furßttor* bought.
Bold; teL Mint 907. JACOBS, 1023 Folscm St.
RI'PTL'E r stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
Hod: yuar'ar.td. Dr. Gcrdln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SU~ITS to order on easy installments. L.
* LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. Tth and Bth.
U'AN'TED-OM gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
jywpMr +i<; iVF.^r-"!'.. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 13 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS. I'M Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
| ,_ r^. ._,.., _ - ,■■_■ j-ii -. _■■'.. .-.j-.-r-.-m-i- -uu-j-ux.
C OLiONNELL, office and residence.
K?m Market »t.. bef. Plxth ■■■'.-■■■■■■'■:
REAL ESTATE — FOR SALE.
JS3OO— EASY term* rSeV park residence, 9 sunny
rocm« finished basement, substantial and up
to date, fine location. Urge lot; Carl st. be-
tween Cole and Stanyan; blue cars Eddy-at.
line pass the door: Halght-st. cars transfer
to same at Masonic aye. J. STIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises.
NEW HOMES •••••••"
Five, i», 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
v.ith' all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose »ts., from $3100
to $43C<): terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON, Builder, * I
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them, :
call on W. f. GUNN. 411? Montgemery st.
ITrtVT RICHMOND townsite to sell: 24 acres;
VOX* to lsase. G. W. HAIGHT, 401 California.
SEW 6-room house; Greenwich st. ; near I car
lines. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market st.
{VATTED at onee — Good city properties for
cash. Apply SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market at.
*. ERW'CH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has twsa established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' .... i
j REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
■ ""' __^ j
j -TON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH. '
INVESTMENTS.
Jlo. ooo— Pays 13 per cent 9er,annum: 11 flats and
1 dwelling; excellent condition; always
rented: 4 frontages; 2 blocks from
Kearny st.
JJ.5OO— Mortgage of $2*o can remain; 2 fiats of
4 rooms each and 2-story house; large j
lot 23x120; double frontage: near Fill- :
, more and Hermann sts. , both streets I
bltuminiied.
51.SC0 — 3 fiats of 4 and 3 rooms: always rented;
14 blocks from new Pcstoffice; lot 23x
JLSOC — Nice house cf 6 rocms and high base-
ment; near Gilbert and Bryant sts.; lot j
2ixW.
FLATS.
i $S,2si>— Flats and store on Buchanan st.; 60-
-- foot frontage.
JS.iCO— Thrre el^jrant flats of 7, 8 and « rooms: !
always rented; near Ellis and Webster |
sts ; lot - 25x30 feet.
$3, WO— Two modern up-to-date flats, 6 and 5
rooms; porcelain tubs; always rented; i
lot 2jxloi) feet.
$3.Boo— Corner on Florida -■ ; store, with I
rooms and Bats; must be sold.
: RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
I $3,soo Must be sold; nice house, I rooms and i
bath, near Baker and Grove sts. £L:l9Vi I
xll2:ti feet. j
] J?,23<>-Cott2sre. 5 rooms and bath, near Sutter
and Baker sts. : lot Sxll feet.
$2,500 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms bath and I
basement, near Guerrero and Army its ;
let 37:6x114 feet. . ; '. ;.
200 cash, balance $1300; bank mortgage:
on Ford st.. near Seventeenth; lot 2Sx
111 feet.
LOTS.
$3,250— 0n Pacific Heights, near Washington
and Baker sts.
■I $3.loo— Fine Western Addition ccrner on La- i
" guna st., near Ellis; both streets bitu-
minized; lot 23x104 fee*
; $2.2so— Fulton st., near Lyon; 23x100 feet.
$l.'3oO— Alabama' St., near Twenty-first; 2Sx
104 feet.
We hold our regular auction sales '■
every two reeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' , b3S Market st.
, WELL
j STARTED,
i A splendid start has been made in the selling ■
j and development of the block facing Golden
J Gate Park and recently subdivided. Already a j
■ number of iots have been sold to parties, some j
i of whom Intend to erect at once homes that i
' wili be a decided improvement. '
i There is no reason why lots in this block |
j should not prove good investments. The
i prices are very low. They are grand building
i lots, right on the Park, near Stow Lake and j
■ the new music stand; level: streets graded and
| macadamized. Water pipes laid. Cars pass
| the property. Every convenience, including
J gas and electric lights.
J PRICES $500 UPWARDS
YOUR OWN TERMS
i Interest only 6 per cent on unpaid balance.
' See them at once. Go to-day. Take blue car
ion Eddy street or Haistht street cars and
> transfer, --■ off at H street and Ninth avenue. j
• We have a branch office or. the corner, open j
daily (Sundays included. Price lists, etc., on
I application.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any s.ldress in the j
'-•-*. States, postpaid, for I 1 ncr year. '
| REAL ESTATE COI'XTRY For Sale
, $2300— 3 ACRES, 1-story 5-room house, bam.
i chicken houses, windmill, tank, small or-
chard; will include 1 horse, wagon, cart,
plow, harrow, small tools, household furni-
i ture> ar.d 3>Vi laying hens: situated I mile I
from town. GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
i RESISTANCE vineyard ir. full bearing: healthy
j I-^atlon. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7T7S Market.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
j »~~ — ».'.-"-.. ■ . . .„ [
, NICE improved residence in Berkeley, tuti- |
1 fully laid out grounds, for small improved i
farm in bay counties: must have pood water j
I facilities. German-American. 34 Keamy st.
1 ' i
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Rocrn-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
! CLAY. lOC's— Four unfurnished rooms and bath
i for housekeeping-; JI3 50.
i EDDY. 913—8 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
j elegantly papered: private res.; fine location, j
] EDDY. Sl7— Nicely furnished housekpg rooms; j
• spiendid location: private res.; no children. :
I ELLIS. 51S — Newly I'urnished housekeeping \
rooms ground ft>..r. reasonable.
; ELLIS 51S— 2 housekeeping rooms newly fur-
j nlahed; ground floor. ;
! ELLIS. 14£5 — Large front parlor, handsomely
j furnished, with bath and kitchen. j
I FIFTH. 34s— Two rooms furnished for house-
| keeping; cheap.
i FULTON, 21S— 2 furnished flats. 2 and 3 rooms;
j running water; coal and ga* range.
' GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone. ,
j GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Sunny front room.
i reasonable, far housekeeping; bedroom. $5. I
i HOWARD, 719& bet. Third and Fourth— Fur- j
nlshed rooms for housekeeping; rent reason-
: able; bath." i
■ HYDE. 110— Three rooms; all furnished com- !
I plete for housekeeping. j
' HYDE. -Sunny furnished housekeeping !
I rooms with front view, and others.
__
I HYDE, sC3— Furnished housekeeping rooms; en
| suite or single: $14, $11 and {'•
IVANHOE. 1002 Poik. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
«2EEy; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up:ref,,
KEARNY. 114— Front suite, unfurnished, JliJ; j
three rooms. $15. I
' L*RKIN. ty, —I or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
i eats; furnished complete: gas range; bath.
! LEWIS, 1.?. off Taylor, near Post— furnished '
; front rooms: stove; $12.
■ MAIN, 311— Sunny furnished housekeeping
j bachelor rooms; $4 to $S month.
1 MINNA, Furnished front housekeeping
: rooms.
— — — — —
| MINNA. 342-Hausekeeping and single rooms.
; MISSION, 945— Front room, with folding bed,
| and kitchen, complete for housekeeping ; cheap. i
' MISSION. 17^i'., nr. Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry: $S.
1 NATOMA, S45 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms;
; complete for housekeeping; cheap rent.
j OCTAVIA. 14)3. cor. Geary— Sunny front room, ;
i mantel, folding bed, kitchen, gas stove, $12.
{ SUNNY front suite 3 unfurnished rooms, all:
modem conveniences; Western Addition. Box
2T<2. Call. !
SUTTER, 2<s2TA— Furnished parlor, bedroom.
dining-room, kitchen, bath; no children; lady
will hoard fcr rent. " !
i THIRD. 315— Front suite housekeeping room*;
rent ■■- 50. '
i TURK. 545 — 2 gunny rooms, single or for house- >
keeping; running water; the two $14.
: VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny :
; suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va- j,
lencia st. t
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The "Weekly Call,
1« paires. in wrapper, for Trailing, SI per year.
! = I
ROOMS TO LET — Fan. and tnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth — Rooms,
! 19c to fl per night; $: 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor ets.— .
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, sflc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
!AT New Grand. 145 $d— 2oo Ist -class sunny rma., \
| 15c to $1 day: 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
: AT 52 Second st. . double rooms for week, $1 50
; to $3, single. $1 to $1 30: day. 25c to 50c
! BURNETT. 142« Market (old No 1*54; -Fur-
nished ran. suites, single; also unfurnished. ,
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye. corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 113 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
| rocms. from Jl 50 a week up. ; .."
ELLIS, 633 corner Larkln — Sunny bay window;
| man'- folding bed; gas; bath; $13.
FURNISHED rooms to let. *> Elxth st.
EXCELSIOR House. 33 Turk. cor. Taylor— New ;
. mangt.. sunny front bay- wind, rms.; trans' nt.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 5.">6 — Elegant suite parlors, suitable for
dentist or physician: other rms.; piano; phone. <■
GEARY, 73«. near Leaven worth— Two neatly
furnished rooms, $4 and $5 monthly; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SB. cor. Seventh and :
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles', purlers: reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to ti ,per week. ;
HARBISON 923 — Large room with closet and
bath, furnished or unfurnished, for-housekpg. j
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1599.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. Second and Third, '
near Harrison — Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable. .
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. £29— Furnished rocms from $1 per
' week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144 — Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1511 A —Bay-window front room,
sunny side; nicely furnished; 1 or 2 gents.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— renovat- ;
! ed: 25c to (>''<<: per night; II 50 to IS p«r week. :
[ LAR.GE sunny alcove room overlooking Jeffer- :
son -. tare; choice location; references ex- ;
changed. $36 Turk St.. cor. Gough. !
I . , |
MASON, 311— Lnrite sunny front rom; gas;
also single; private family.
| MINNA. OS— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable.
MINNA. 687. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room; II per week; transient.
OAK 3Ss— Lars* front room; furnished: gas.
bath: private family; for 1 or 2; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms »nd
• offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk. . mo. j
■ POWELL. JIT (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished eur.ny rooms; reasonable.
■ ROYAL House. 128 Ellis et.— lncandescent
light, reading rocm. smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night, ZZc to H 30;
week. 12 to I!; month, 18 to 130: elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
, SCOTT, 1717 — pleasant sunny furnished \
', rooms. |
; SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms; sun- i
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth 3t.. j
near Market— "urnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hlllsdale House— Ele- :
, gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
: STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free, i
Pacific Room Renting Co.. *26 K?arn:/ St.
THE MAI.r " 107 Taylor and 104 Turk—
Lovely sunny suites of rooms suitable for j
dentist; also other rooms; fine transient, in
suites and single.
THE Heath. 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THE Oaks, 113 Third— A good rooming house
for goad people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Piedmont UI9A Sixth Sunny bay.- i
window rooms, double or sing!?; rent low.
' THIRD, Sunny furnished rooms from 11
per week up.
I THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 730 to j
i II per week^ -
i CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
: Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the .
i United States, paid, for Fl per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I 12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, soli, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ■
> A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I 1 r-ayes in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year, j
. i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ODD "FELLOWS'' Cemetery Association— The
• annual meeting of the lot owners of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MONDAY. I
September 25, 1533. at 2 p. m. at the office of I
the association. Point Lobos aye.. for the j
election of Trustees etc By -order of the ■
Truces. GEORGE T. BOHEN. Pres. ;
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary- y
. MRS. DR. HOPKINS, 903 Market -' . office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
; BAD tenants eject: 1 to J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms S-lt>: tel. 5520.
\ CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the [
United States or Canada one year for SI. ;
postage raid. j
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
I CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mls3lon; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay .3
[ PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cnr. Powell: tel Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
• FOR rent— A wel!-f urnished house of 7. re ma
$17 Chestnut st., bet. San Jose and Clinton
ayes. ; short distance from Chestnut-st. sta-
tlor. : apriy mornings. ■
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD. -
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large !
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 3th.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent with board th private family, a large ■
handsomely furnished room, with furnace i
heat; 2 blocks from cars. Address A. W., |
Cali office. Oakland. |
i OAKLAND FIhMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th« ,
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 97 "■> per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of tha I
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
day. October 2. 1599. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. September 26. MM, at 3 o'clock I
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary, i
DIVIDEND j Dividend No. 71 Be per !
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market «., on and after
Wednesday, September 20. 1599. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 14,
ISS9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly '.
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the j
United States, postpaid, for II per year.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE, JAMES O'BRIEN ~ancf MAR' A A
O'BRIEN, hereby certify: That we hare this
day formed a co-partnership for .the transac-
tion of a general dry goods business In the
State of California. That the principal place i
of businees of •aid co-partnership Is and
shall be situated In the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California. That the
full names of all of the members of such co-
partnership and their places of residence are
as follows:
JAMES O'BRIEN, residing In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, residing in said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
Dated August 11, ISS9.
JAMES O'BRIEN. ;
MARIA A. O'BRIEN.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— «s.
On this Uth day of August, In the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety- '
nine, before me, JOHN P. CASHIN. a Notary
Public in and for the said city and county,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
sworn, personally appeared JAMES O'BRIEN
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, known to me to
be the persons whose names are subscribed
' to the within Instrument, and acknowledged |
that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office
In the city and county of San Francisco, the \
day and year In this certificate first above
written. [Seal] JOHN P. CASHIN.
Notary Public. In and for the Cltv an.i County
of San Francisco. State of California.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceased. Notice la hereby given by the
undersigned. JOHN A. DRINKHOU?E, ad-
ministrator of the estate of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceased, to the creditors of, and all
persons having claims against the said de-
ceased to exhibit them with. the necessary
vouchers, within four (4) months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said JOHN
A DRINKHOUSE. administrator as afore-
said, at his offices. No. 402 Montgomery
str«et. in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of :
the said estate In the said city and county
of San FruncUco. State of California.
JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE. administrator of
the estate of HENRY GIBSON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August *). ISM.
A. RUEF. attorney for administrator, 403 i
Montgomery street.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building. San Francisco. Cal., September 12. !
isgg Seated proposals for erecting double
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Fruitvaie
aye., near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 12 o'clock noon. November 14. ISS9.
Information furnished on application.
W..H. HECER. Major Engineers.
| Next SUNDAY' S CALL will be a |
« marvel of beautiful illustrations >i
X — its half-tone work being es- «
« pedal ly fine. «
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as fololws: |
W x Sherman and Minnie D. Eshleman.. 4o-30 ■
G. W. Wtnterrowd and Mary B. Griffin.... 42-3* :
John Ludwig and Amy Dray 27-34
E. J. Faiakerley and Ge.ievra R. Stowe.. .23-13 I
Beach C Bouts and Ethel B. Pommy 23-21, ■
John R. Kinsman and Lilla M. Barlow 27-23 :
Ik» R. Putnam and Mac Schtrmer U-m
HP Gaillard and Susan E. Archibald....
Carl T. C. Ronpage and Clara J. . Parsons...
O-»ear R Jenlgen ar.d Helen Hanke 3S-3S
E. P. Norman and Mildred A. Murphy.... 24-17
William F. Wohn and Mary E. Magner....M-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by ;
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of -£* publication offices and be |
' tndoratd with the name and residence of per- ;
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROKAW— In this city. September 11. 1?39, to
the wife of Captain G. H. Brokaw, a son.
HIGGINBOTHAM— In this city, September 2. J
ISB3, to the wife of William Higginbotham
Jr., a. daughter.
HOTOP— In this city. September IS, 1539, to the
wife of G. L. Hotop. a son.
McCOLLUM— In this city. September 11, 1599, :
to the wife of Herbert L. McCoilum, a son.
MARRIED.
MADESON— BENDER— In this city, September
17 KM, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Charles ;
Madescn and Katie Bender.
PRINCE— O'BRIEN— In this city, September 4. '
1598. by the Rev. John Coyle, John J. Prince
of Kansas City and Mac E. O'Brien of San
Francisco.
___
"Idled.
Babcock. Miss E. C. Keady, Margaret T.
Bergcin. John J. Langdon, Levl H.
D? la Montanya. Jas. Lawson. Charles S.
; nan, Theresa McDonald. Mamie
Eastman. Moses H. Merrell. Ann A.
Elliot, William R. Nickels. Hans
Enright. Mrs. C. ■ O'Brien, Mary
Fennessy. Mary J. Pooler, Gazette M.
Fllnn. Hubert F. Riley. Mary G.
Galvln. Michael Smith. Ellen
Gobbels. Nicholas Steele. Eliaa J.
Hughes Patrick Sullivan. Josephine
Hussey. Marie Walsh, May V.
Isaak, Jette
BABCOCK— In Reno, September 13, 1533, Miss
E. C. Baboock.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the ;
undertaking parlors of James Taylor. 520 j
Thirteenth street, Oakland.
BERGIN" -At his residence. Mountain View,
September IS, 1539, John J. Bergin, aged 55
years and 7 months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, thence to St. [
Claire- Church, Santa Clara, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul; commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
DE LA MONTANYA— this city, September
IS. •'•3. James de la Montanya. a native of
Haverstraw, N. V.. aged SO years 2 month*
and i cUys. ■„
J^The funeral services will take place ;
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at Grace •
Church, corner of Stockton and California !
streets. Interment private, in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
(AN— ln this city, September 13, 1539,
Theresa, beloved wife of James B. Duggan.
mother of Joseph B. Duggan. and sister of i
the late Dr. W. E. Reardon, a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, aged 57 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
EASTMAN —In Oakland, September 1«. 1599, ;
Moses H.. beloved husband of Eliza A. East-
man, and brother of Frank G. Eastman and |
Mrs. S. B. Abbott, a native of New York, j
aged 6S years S months an I 3 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to after. ■: the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at - o'clock, at the- i
First M E. Church, corner of Fourteenth and ;
Clay streets, Oakland. Services at the ceme-
tery under tha auspices of Live Oak Lodge j
N.>. SI. F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
ELLIOT— In Ukiah. Cal., September i, 1539,
WiHtam R.. beloved husband of Rebecca J.
Elliot, and father of Mrs. R. Dalzlel Jr. and ;
Abby P. Elliot, a native of Mercer, Me., aged :
44 years 5 months and 4 days.
BKRIGHT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated to-morrow (Thursday), at !
9 o'clock, at Holy Cross Church. Eddy street, j
tor the rerx.se of the soul of the late Mrs. 1
Catherine Enrisrht. Friends axe respectfully ;
invited to attend.
FENNESSY— In this city. September IS, :• ■■
Mary Josephine Fennessy, mother of Cath-
erine and Thomas Fennessy. Mrs. R. Ring-
rove and -;-. H. v jres, and daughter of the
late Captain Lesbie. a native of Agra, India.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:16 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2Sls Sacramento street, thence to
St" Dominic's Chun-h, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoee of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ■
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLINN— In Iron Mountain, Shasta County,
Hubert Franet.*. bek>vM son of Hubert and
Annette -"'.inn. a native of San Frar. -
aged : year 11 months and 17 days.
GALVIN— In this city. September 17. 1599. |
Michael beloved husband of Kate Galvln. and
father of Katie. WHlle. Maggie and Thomas .
Galvin. a native of County Roscommon, Ire- ■
land, azed 35 years. ■ -■,-■;',,■,.■.=
!E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday). at 11 o'clock, from the parlors :
of J C O'Connor & Co., 747 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
GOBBELS— In this city, September 17. IS3<>.
Nicholas Gobbels, a native of Germany, aged
70 years.
HUGHES— In this city. September 19. 1589.
Patrick Hughes, a native of Ireland, aged 63 !
years.
HUSSEY— this city. September 19. 1559.
Marie, relict of Henry J. Hussey. and mother •
of Robert E. Basse?, a native of Ireland.
ISAAK— In this city, September 13, 1899. Jette
Is&ak. beloved wife of S~ Isaak. a native of ;
Germ asre<l 60 years.
ITT'Frtends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day :
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, _ 63*5 Washington
street, thence to Third and Townsend streets,
11:30 o'clock train. Interment Cypress Lawn j
Crematory.
SAN FRANCISCO Temple No. 11. R. The :
officers and members are requested to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Mrs. J. I-aak. '
from the undertaking parlors of Charles J. i
B Metzler 636 Washington street.
IDA MECREDY. M. E. C.
EMMA SCHOLFIELD, M. of R. and C.
KEADY— In this city. September 19, 1539, Mar-
garet T., only daughter of Mary and the late j
John J. Keady. a native of San Fran- . -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi- j
dence 1213 Mission street, thence to St. Jo- |
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a re- 1
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please I
omit flowers.
LANGDON— In this city, September IS, ISM,
Levl H. Langdon, a native of New York,
aged 82 years.
LAWSON— In this city, September IS, 1599,
Charles P.. beloved husband of Jane A. Law-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 56 years and 2
months.
McDONALD— In Bakersfield. Ca!., September
13 1339, Mamie, beloved wife of Warren Me- i
Donald, daughter of Mary and the late Jere- j
miah Harrington, and sister of James and j
Annie Harrington, a native of Hobokea. N.
J., aged 25 years and *? months.
MERRELL— In this city, September 17, 1399,
Ann A., beloved wife of I. L. Merrell, and
mother of I. A. Merrell. Mrs. J. T. Carroll i
and Mrs. G. N. Shaw, a native of Brooklyn,
N V aged 65 years I months and 2<5 days. '
(Brooklyn, N. V.. and Sacramento, Cal.. pa- j
pers please copy.)
IE?" Friends and acquaintances ar» respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late ■
re«ldence. 22 Vicksburg street, between Twen- ;
ty-*econd and Twenty-third. Interment Cy- i
press Lawn Cemetery, via San Francisco and
Ban Mateo Electric Railway funeral car from i
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue.
NICKELS— In this city. September 18, 1599. i
* Hans Nickels, a native of Germany, aged 57 ;
years.
(L 7 Friends and acquaintances are r»«p<>ct- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors :
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel i
Hill Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, Sentemb«r IS, 1399.
Mary beloved sister of Thomas O'Brien, and ;
aunt of Thomas O'Brien Jr. and Mrs. Albert !
W. Holbrook of San Jose, a native Of Boston,
Mass.. aged ■'« years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Dominic's Church.
where .<. solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the- repose of her seal, commenc- i
Ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary j
Cemetery.
POOLEY— In this city. September 13. 1890, j
Suzette M. Pooley, beloved daughter of John j
and Anna Pooiey. and sister of John, Anna I
and Virginia Pooiey, a native of Virginia ;
City, Nev. ;- ; '-'-. ' - ..
g^TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence, \
HtNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st-, opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. ,
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS- H- JACOB 4 CO '%?££ n wl t
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. til Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'FarreH streets. Telephone Main 5213-
McAVOV a CO.. i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. - I
41S Putter street, thence to St. Mary's (Paul-
Ist) Church, where . a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RILEY— A solemn requiem high mass (month's
mind) wilt te celebrated this day (Wednes-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. cnanes Borromeo'a
Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for
the repose of the soul of the- late Mary Ger-
trude Riley. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully !trvit*d to attend.
SMITH— In this city. September 13. 1599, Ellen,
beloved wife of the late James H. Smith, a
native of Xlpperary, Ireland, aged 3S years. ]
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, southeast corner of Fifteenth and "'
trero avenues, thence to St. Charles Borro-
mw's Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, for services at 2:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
STEELE— In Oakland. September 19, 1539, Eliza
J. Steele. mother of Mrs. Dr. L. P. Hess, a
native of Ohio, aged 78 years.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital.
September 19, 1819, Josephine Sullivan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 3S years.
WALSH— In this city, September IS, 1599. May
V. beloved and only daughter of Arabella and
the late William Walsh, anj sister of Wil-
liam. Geonre and John Walsh, and niece of
James and Lawrence M. Walsh and- Edwanl
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged B
years 4 month* and 13 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at - o'clock, from the residence
of his mother., IK Langton street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services at -'■■*>
o'clock.- Interment M__J__ Calvary Cemetery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Dora Brich^tto to Edmund and Adolph
Brichetto, lot on W line of Varenne^ street,
77:6 3 -■: Filbert. W 60 by S 26; gift.
Emma L. Parker to Carl Westerfeld, all
Interest in estate George H. Parker; $20,000.
Carl Westerfeld (first party) and Marshall
an.'. Jane Pomeroy ■ (second pa.rt.les) to W. L.
Rodg»rs t four-ninths). Nicholas Bowden ..three
ninths) T. C. Cooyan (one-ninth) and Albert
E. Crane (one-ninth) i third parties i. all Inter
est In estate George H. Parker, exceptinsr
lot" on NW line of Market street. 22:1% >=•
of Taylor. NE 25, NW 33:104. N 7S. W aSjKfc
- 75. SE 53:i!4; also property in Santa Clara
County; . . __ T
Carl Westerfeld (first party) and W. L..
Rodger?. T. •'. Coogan. Albert E. Crane and
Nicholas Bowden (second parties) to Jane ana
Marshall Pomeroy (third parties), lot on Nvv
line of Market streeet. 232 :1H NE of Taylor.
NE 23, NW MUff^ -■ 78, W 23:3ti. S 79, .Si.
59:5>4; also property outside of county; — -
Robert and Frances G. Ferrai to Lillian M.
E. Clark (wife of William D.). lot on N line
of California street, ls0:5 E of Pierce. E 24 by
N 120; 110. „. . T
George A. and Mary E. Low to Edward J.
Duncomb. lot en E line •' Devlsadero street.
Lo2:S*i S of Sacramento, S 25 by E 10. :t>: $10 w
Sarah Anderson to Anna L Vail (Anderson),
lot on W line of Devlsadero street, 110 S of
Union. S 27:6 by W 10); gift.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Cor
nelia J. Pringle. lot on E line of BrodericS.
110 S of Oak. ? 27 :t! by E 100; $10.
Aiameda County.
Home Security Building and Loan Association
to George B. M. Gray, lot on E line of. Grove
street 30 N of Caledonia avenue, N 35.23 by i.
m, being portion of lots 40 and 41. Caledonia
Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Myron T. and Marion B. Holcomb to H. G.
Walker, tot on NW line of Howe street. 4- NE
cf Amethyst. NE 40 by NW 125, belr.ff the NE
20 feet of lot 2 and SW 20 feet of lot 3, block D.
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oak
lan.l: 110.
El ma C. Famharn and as trustee of the es
tate of anus I 'abb to Sylvanus Cobb Farn
ham Eugene M. and Elma C Famham. Ma
ttlda, A. Calies and Elma C. Famham. lot on
NE corner of Fourteenth and Brush streets, E
72 by N 120: also lot on SW corner of San Pablo
avenue and Curve street, S 56 by W MO, beln?
lota 10 and 11. block B. Grove Tract. Oakland;
also let on S line of Sixteenth street. SB \\ of
Jefferson. W 50 by S 103:9. being lot 5, block
2<» Casserly Tract. Oakland; also lot en N line
o£ Fourteenth street, «7 W of Grove. W 40 by
X -,-.; . bock 258; also lot on NW corner of
Tenth and Clay street*. N IIS by W 90. block
14H; also lot oil W line of Clay street. 40 - of
Eleventh S i" by W 100: also lot on N line of
Tenth street. 90 W of Clay. W 40. N W», E 30,
N IS. E 10, B 118. to beginning, being lot 24. the
E 5 feet cf lot 25, the W 10 feet of lot 23 and
portion of lot 14, block 146; also property In
other counties and personal property; grant.
Matilda A. Cailes to Sylvanus C. Eugene M.
and Elma C. Fa.rr.ham. all interest In -same.
Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Associatl-in to
Frances E. Williams, let 68, in plat 43. Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland Township: $120.
William and Marie R. Wlnn to the Blake
Company (a corporation) of San Francisco,
lot on B line of Channlny way, HS W cf
MrlvU street. W 30 by - 135, being lot 11.
block -, Barker Tract. Berkeley; $10. ,-.;r:-,
Thomas E. Slevin to Marie C. Slevin, Int
on SW corner of Hllgard and Euclid avenues.
v. •■ by tH 125, being lot 21. block 6, Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley: $10.
Edvard and Mathilda Jensen to Charles A.
Bailey, lot on N line of Blake street (formerly
Alvo'-d) 240 W of McGee (formerly Dwlnelle).
W « by N 127, being lot I*. block 2. Case
Tract. Berkeley; $•>. I"-;,-
Augusta T and Julius achunkoff to Philip
Rogers, lot on N line Of Prince street, !>>4.4
W of Wheeler, W 20 by N 105. being the "tt
29 feet of lot 17, block E. Newbury Tract;
Berkeley: $10. /,""*." „ »
Same to Charity L. Rogers (wife of John C).
lot on M line of Prince street, 184:4 W of
Wheeler. W 50 by N 105. being lot IS, block
E. same. Berkeley: $10. ' '".!
L C. Burnham to M. S. Mflarn. lot on N
line of Russell street, 40 E of Lowell. E 40,
X l"« 4* 1 w 40. - 127.53, to beginning being
lot C block 29. Resubdivlsion of Smith s Sub
division of Matthews' Tract; Berkeley: $10.
Same to Emily Hushes, lot on N line of
Russell street. SO E of Lowell, E 40. N 123.26,
W 40, S 126.42. to beginning, being lot H,
block '23, same. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Baomann to Annie
a McDonnell (wife of P.), lot on S line of
Railroad avenue, 358 '•" of Walnut street, "*\
50 by 3 207:6, being the W 42 feet of lot 17
and E - feet of lot IS. block 23. lands adjacent
to Fnclnal. less 10 feet taken for widening
Railroad avenue lands adjacent to .Enclnal.
Alameda; $19. „  _ _
A W and Lulls W. Porter to Myron T.
Holcomb. lot 11. Mock A. Linda Vista Terrace.
M Anna Oakland: $10. D. Edward Collins, lots
Ar.na A. Cordes to P. Edward Coffins, lots
TVA and IS. block G. on Am*«ded Map of
blocks G and I of Vicente Peralta Reserva
tion Tract, Oakland: $.300.
Dexter Pierce to F. A. Losh, lot on NE line
of Hamilton place. »S-J6 NW of Oakland ave
nue, NW 30 by NE 90. being lot 14 Hamilton
Tract Oakland; also lota 1. and 18, block B.
King Tract. Berkeley Township; quitclaim
Warren and Mary L. Cheney to J. I. Lngan.
lot m NW corner of Bristol and California
streets N 133 by W 100, being portion of range
13, Hardy tract, Berkeley; $10.
G-orgeA. and Lizzie S. Bordwet! to Jose
phine F. Bruguiere. lot on SW line of Central
avenue. 44.41 NW of Grove street. NW 44^1.
BW 109 75. SE 44.12, NE 112.91 to beginning, be
ing lot 3, block A. Bathes Trust Property, map
: 's A H m and'Mary'M. Mather (by W. S. Harlow.
commissioner) to Union Savings Bank lot on
S line of Logan or Thirty-sixth street. .04 U
of Telegraph avenue. W 40. S 120, B 3*. N
119:11U to beginning, being lot 1. map B on
map of portion of estate of A. C. Brown, Oak-
and Sarah R. Samuel to Samuel J.
Hendy. '■ ! -- 12 to IS, block A, Brooklyn Town-
i P; C- and Anna M. Henry to H. C Morris
lots 13 14 and 16. block 3; lots IS and 19, block
6- lota' 7 ?. 9 and IS to 22, block 7; lot ii. block
I; lots 19 and 20. block 10; lots 7. S. IS and 20.
block 11. and lots 5, IS and IS, block 13, all be
in* in th« Warner Tract. Brooklyn Town
-8 h H > 'r l< Morris to George W. Hook, lot 8, block
26, same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Gideon F. and Kate T. Nlghtlnglll to William
Mann", lot on N corner of Mosa and Oakland
avenues. NW 126.25 by NE 35. being lot 12,
block H. Flint Tract. Oakland: $10.
Thomas Ewing (by Oscar L. Rogers. Sheriff)
to George Hammersmith, lot TI. block D. Lends
of Oakland View Homestead, portion of
Walsworth MO-acre" tract. Oakland; $453.
Maria E. Travers to Harvey P. Travers. lot
on W line of Jefferson street. 50 S of Fifth. S
50 W 175 N M, E 75. N 20, E 100. to beginning,
being lots 17 and IS and portion of lot* 11 to 14.
block 92 Oakland; also lot on E line of V alder
street 15" 6 N of Locust street. N 50 by E 123.
being 'lot 4. block 2257, Valdex Tract. Oakland;
also lots 2S to 31. block D, and lots 31 to 36.
block I Map of New Town of Lynn. East Oak
land- also lots 9 and 10. block F. Oakland View
Homestead Association. Oakland; also lot on E
line of Etlle street. 330 N of B. N M by E 133.
being subdivisions C and D of lot 4. block ,3.,
Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland; gift.
C P and L. C. Devon? to H. N. Yates. lot on
E line' of Mark street. 240 S of Dwlght way. =
120 by E 135. being lot «. block 1. Map of Prop
erty of John Kearney. Berkeley; $3350. _-' <-
Helen H. and Charles E. Severance to Charles
G Heiser lot on S line of Clinton avenue. 383
E' of Union street. E 49 by S 140, Alameda;
$6000, ■"'■' -'''■ ' ;::
Christian B." Abraham to Augusta F. Abra
ham lot on N line of RsUrosH avenue, 433 W
of Seventh or Webster street. W 43 by N 15*1.
being portion of Aughlnbough 223-acre tract,
\lameda- also lot 5. block H. Stone Tract, be
ing subdivision of lots 1 to '- of Stone Subdivis
ion, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Metha Vehrtens (owner) with O. A. Crae
mer (contractor), architects Havens * Toepke—
All work except plumbing, sewering, gas fit
ting, mantels, painting and gas fixtures for a
two-story and | basement frame building:, en 8
line of California street. 20 W of Leaven worth,
W 20 by S 57:6: $262.". 1 . •> - ■ "•■■;
Terence and Elizabeth Derham (owners) with
Frank Bcerner (contractor), architect Thomas
J. Welsh— work for a two-story frame
bulldlnsr with basement and brick foundation,
on N line of McLea court, 135 E 9f Ninth
street, N 75 by E 23; $3250.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydristraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
September IS, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. * at noon of the lWth meridian, or at 8
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN'S,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N. in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September 19.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. IS hours from Eureka.
Stmr National Cfty. Dettmers, 65 hour? from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, 19 days 3 hours from
Panama, etc.
Stmr Navarre, Hlg^las. 19 hours from Usal.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 77 hours from Wlliapa
Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow, SO hours from New
port and way ports. -'■..■, r .
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage. 65 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 50 hours from New
port i?
Br stmr Carmarthenshire, Burch, 29 days
from Hongkong, via Kobe 39 days, via Yoko
hama 10 days, via Honolulu 15 days, via San
Diego 43 bours.
Bark Highland Light, Herbert, 73 days from
Iquique.
Schr J G Wall, Bjomstrom, 5 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Alice Kimbal!, Madsen, hours from
Point Arena.
Schr John F Milter, Hansen. 7 days from
Grays Harbor. s
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmuesen, 4 Hays from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. September 19.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria: Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Fr bark Lamoriciere, Creques, Mistley; G W
McNear.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 1?.
Ptmr George Loomls, Bridget!, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Tacoma.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, .
Stmr Glosy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Ship Columbia. Nelson. Tacoma.
Bark Gen Fairchlld. Gave, Puget Sound.
Bark Levi G Burgess. Younggren, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 19, 10 d m— Weather
thick; wind west, velocity 5 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 3, lat 43 N, lon 9 W— bark Lyder
horn, from Hamburg-, for San Francisco.
July 3, lat 40 S. lon 22 W— Br bark Woodburn.
from Antwerp, for Tacoma.
Auz 24, lat 13 X, lon 26 — Fr bark Norman
die, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
I MEMORANDUM.
Per Br stmr Coptic, from China Sept 17 — Br
bark Ancona. previously reported spoken by
the Coptic. Sept 3, lat 35 5 X. lon U6 5 E, re
ported herself tender and unable to carry sail,
an.l had fore and mtzzen royal yards down and
main royal set. The Ancona is bound from
Manila for Boston.
MISCELLANEOUS.
YOKOHAMA. Sept 19— The fir* on the Jap
stmr America Mara, previously reported, has
been extinguished. Cargo In main hold much
damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Sept IS— Schrs
Wing and Wing- and Ruby A Cousins, far San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept Stmr Alice
Blanchard. hence Sept 16.
Sailed Sent 19— Schr Gotama. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Empire, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sect 19— Stmr Arcata,
hence Sept 17.
ASTOBIA— Sept 19— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Sept 16.
Sailed Sept 19— Ship Standard, for Adelaide.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 19— B M Lean
dec
Sailed Sept 19— ship Leyland Bros, for — .
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 19— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept IS—
Schr Ocean Spray, hence Sept H.
Sailed Sent — Schr Ocean Spray, for San
Francisco.
NEWPORT 'S)— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Brnni
wick. for Pan Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 13— Stair Noyo,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 19— Bark Tidal
Wave, for Tacoma; schr Fred E Sanders, for
TacoKM : s«chr Ivy, for Umpqua.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 19— Schr Halcyon, for
Newport: stmr Fulton, far San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Tlllamook, hence Sep
tember 17.
FOREIGN PORTS
SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 19— Bktn Chas F
Crocker, from Port Blakeley.
KOBE— Arrived Sept 1&— Stmr St Paul, from
Seattle, for Manila.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept IS— Br stmr Miowera,
from Vancouver.
HONGKONG — Ang 9— Ship Ivy, for-
Royal Roads.
MANlLA— Arrived Sept Stmr City of Syd
ney ' hence Aug 18.
GUAYMAS — Arrived Sept 14— Schr Martha W
Tuft, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Curacao, for San Fran
cisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept Stmr Staten
dam, from New York.
BREMEN — Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Gross*, from New York.
MURORAN— Arrived Sept 17— 3tmr Orange
Branch, from Portland. Or, for Shanghai.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived Sept I*— Stmr Mio
wera. from Vancouver.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Brazil, for
Hamburg; stmr Trave. for Bremen, via South
ampton.
NEW YORK— . Sept . 13— Stmr Noorct
land. from Antwerp.
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
IIORTiTPAGiiFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vi« SwutUt* P*rry. .; j
Commencing September 1. 1599.
■ FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLST
AND SAN RAFAEL.
'■ WEEK DAYS— 7:CO. *«:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. a:2O, 4:00. 3:15, H:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San ]
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:OO, *9:00. •10: CO. 11:00, 11:30
: a. m.; 1:00, '1:45. 1:30. «4:0 O. 5:30. 8:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2^, •<«. 7:55, 3:40, »10:29
a. m . : 12:30, 2:15. *3:40, 4:3.'. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 18:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *«:00, -9:45. »10:43, ni:43
a. m.; I:'--), 2:20. *3:30, •5:15, *6:00, 7:00, 10.15
p. m.
Trains marked ") run to San QuentSn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. ,
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 3:55. 10:35 '
a. m.: 12.35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B :eo. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:06.
I*o 5:10, 3:35. 5:30. «:30, 10:21) p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
; 7 00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S "*) p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way Bta'ns.
I g'i>j a m. Sundays— Cazadero and way. sta'ns.
1:43 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyea and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, v£a Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1339.
WEEK DAYS. 3:30 a. m., and 1 45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:29 •
n m. - ■. ■- ~ t
S"UNDAT3, 8. 9, |b and 11 a. a. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Far» S F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Mark-t «t
BAILBOAD TBAVEL. r
■•rTHKn.f pacific COHFAJTT.
(PACIFIC »v«TKX.y
[ C rams leave nai! nv due i«» i»rri»« »•
! «*> FUASt'WtO.
(Main Lice. Foot of Market Street}
i lk*vi; — From Auocst S. 1339. — mm
T:00 v Becicia, Saisnn and Sacramento.... 5:45?
?^>Oa M^JTSTille. Orotr.ieand UeddicsTiS)
. Woodland £*«*
' 7:<M»a Elinira. T*c»Tille and Unmsey 8:30*
■ 7 :30 * Martinez, Careen. VaHejo,
L'alistoga,-u.a.v.r.vi Rosa.... «sis»
i BaO©A Atlantic Express, «;gtlen »nd East.. 9HI3A
«i3Oa San Jose, ffilisw* Stockton,
loce. Sacramento. Ilivcrmiie,
ISarjnUle. t.'aico, Uedßtafl «il»p
SiSOa # slilton, Oakdile aad SoßCtm ■.. «.'lsf
•:S«a Yoecmito Valley »i* C^akdale and
Cninesa.. 4:15p
• rOO* HaT'xrda, Nileaard Way Stations. 1 5:43 a
B:««a Martnic'z, Trccy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced snd Fresno I»il3f
Si««a Fresno, ■lakeratteM Btmtt Uiirl ara,
Lea Angeles. Demicg. El Puo,
New Orleans and East #543*
. 1 «-.O«a VaUeJo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:47?
1 irOOA Haywarus. Khs and waf Btati ( 8:li?
12:«X)m Miles, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra.
mento. Mscdota. Hazf.jni, Visalia,
Pcner»ille 4:13r
•liOOp Sacramento Hltst Steamers »8:0«p
•:OOp Hajw-U KM and Way Statkms. ft:43r
4i««r ilortinez. Sau lUcccu, Vails jo.
Star a. C'aV*Tf». fi^uta Cc5a...... Silßa
4:<M>r Benicia, VacaTilK Saonuuento.
WootUnad. Knights Landing,
M*rrs*iii9, Orotille JO:«*.
4f«»*Si:e3.sknJo<!eai;J6ftocitoß 7:13r
4:30p Yosemite SJ^enicg Car for Eajmona 12:13?
&*«>O*The C-»L Tracy. Frecno. 3aJter»-
tield. Saacua tor Santa Barbara.
Le« Asselea..... »:4Si.
Bt»Or Ftnckton. Merced, Fresno 18:13p
•<3«r Marines. Tracy, Mendcta. Fresno,
Mojare end l,ca Anselea 8:43 a
SiSOr Santa Ie llonte, Atiauu'o Express
forMojatea.nl East c:43*
•<««r Chicajo-Sau Frandaeo Special. Ogden
and Kaat *z*Or
«»•»? Haywards. lies ard San Jose 7;4-">\
•1i«Op Val.eo l«:13p
{7^«r Vallejo. Pc« Costa and Way Sta-
tions.. J»:33»
8:03 r Oregon i;trr."ff>,b*c^rr,snio. Marjs-
Tii>. Ite-.Uliii?. rortlau.l. Ptiget
auumlaiid Eaat g»!3A
COAST DIVISION <.\arroir ntn|.
( Foot of M-.r!c-::S:reet.l |
*JT»4JIa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wey Stations }8:#S?
SilSa Newark, Center»ille,c'an Jose, Feltcn.
Bo'i':4erCreek.osr.taCvuz ac 1 Waf
Btation3 355«1
<WJr Newark, Centerrille, Ban Jcse, New
Almaden. Felton, 800 l l»r C'reei.
Sacta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo»3«a
4il«p Sao Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:26*
|ViilBp Velton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiocs /fl»2o*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tnm SIS ms CISCO— tin at Mine: Str«t(SUp 8)—
•7:15 9<X3 11:00 a.*. tI:C2 *3:50 t3:CO
•4:C3 ' ti:C3 •S-.COp.i*.
Frsm OAIHJ3— rest of B«»dirt?,— '6.-00 8:00 10:00*. M.
ti2:co *1:C: ts:ca '' M t4.c3 •!:;;>.».
COAST DIVISION (Broad f.aii^e).
(Third and To-jnaend Sta.)
••elO.* Ocean View, aoatb Han I'm:. •<i:3UF'
•7:OOa Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) *8:00 a
{7:89 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacinc GroTe and rrincipai Way
Stations :«:a3»
9>**)a San Jose. TrM Pinna, Santa Cniz,
Pacilic GrOTe. Paso ICubles, &au
Luis Oi.-isi«>, Surf. Lompoe ami
Principal Way Rations' 4:I«p
ItilOt San Joss and Way Stations 6:33*
1 1:30 1 Ban J. 32 a;..l Way Stations - liSOp
*St43rSan llano. Eedwcod. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .I.:ee.
HoUiater. Bauta Cruz. fiiiinaa,
Monterey a:. d racfiie Grove *10:36*
•S:3*f San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grors
and Principal Way Stations *7.-3f»p
•4:19r EanJoseaml Principal Way Stations -O:i.V%
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *•>::*•"> A
*:30p Sau Jose and Principal Way Staftious "0:00 a
e.-::0p San Jose en 1 Way Stations 3::jOp
1 1 1 : 4 l Slll Jcae ami Way Stations ;7:.top
A for Morning. P or A f ten:
•Sunday excepteiL J Sunday only. t Saturday only.
63att:rdsy and Sunday /Sccdajr and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTB¥ESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot 01 Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
ITEKK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, U:» a. m.; 12:35,
>:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri*
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:ii
and 11.30 p. m.
»X*NDATS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1.30, 3:31^
t:00, «:2t> p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DA.TB— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
J;i), S:l5 p. no. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, U:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:08.
4:25 p. m. ■ •- •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park
ssune schedule as above.
Leave " > ", ' "--■' Arrtre
Baa Francisco. In Effect Ear. Francisco, ;
. 1 April 18. — ; m
Week Bun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. , Days.
T:3oam 3:00 am! Novato. , 10:40 arr^ B:«aia
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. i>:vs 10:25 an»
i:U pm, 5:00 pm Santa Kusa. 7:33 pm » . : . pa
Fulton,
fd&tm Windsor. 10:25 %m
Eealdsbury,
Lytton,
G«yserville,
I:» pm 8:00 am Oloverdal*. T:I3 pm; 8:30 pa
1:20 am Hopland and 10:25 aza
3:30 pin; 1:00 am Uklah. . 7:33 pm 6:20 pa
f :30 am( 10:2 i ana
1 8:00 ami Gaernerllle. T:36 pta
*:30 pmi I I <:20 pn»
T:3O am/ 8:00 am 1 Sonoma 10:44 ara 1:40 ant
I and t
1:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 8:20 pra
' T:80 am 1:00 am SebastopoL 10:4* am 10:23 aoa
t:3O pci| 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pna
Stages, connect at Santa Rosa for Mark TVest
Springs and Wnlts Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
(or Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skayjs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle.' Carlsbad Springs, . Soda Bay, Lake-
rort and Bartlett Springs; at tTklah for Vichy
prinirs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lieriey*s,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Haighta, villa.
E.^nevtlle, PhHo. Christine. Soda. Springs.
Navarro, Whlteeboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr'g Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Weatport. Usal. 'Wlllltts. Laytonvine, cum«
Ring's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets t» an pol&ta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, CO Market St., Chronicle bid g.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN, !
General Manager. Gen. ?ui, Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE-
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. - TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5. J0 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVET. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE"
RATES.
NO OTHER .LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 111$ Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street. ,
SAN JOSE OFFICE. * W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAI FRANCISCO AHD SAN JQAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. "S, 1539, trains will run a3 follows:
South-bound. , North-bound.
Passen-: Mixed, j Mixed. I Paaaen-
ger. 'Sunday; Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd; ;, -~V Exc*ptd Daily.
7:20 am 18:30 am i Stockton 3:4", pm <:oa pm
S :10 am 2:05 pm Merced ' 12:4 jm 4:13 pm
10:40 am! 6:35 prn Fresno j 9:30 am 2.42 pm
11:SS am; 7:45 pmj Hanford i 7:43 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:*} am : Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am! 6r23 pm: Vjsalla ■ ■ 40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:33 pm' Tulare 3:50 d.m. l:')spm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market st.,
San Francisco. • . ... ■
•^"W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^j^gg f »2i"s X E.4BXV ST. Established
H™fjffl In I*sl for the treatment of Private*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARXT ST. E."Ab!iah«l
in IS3-4 for the tr<>atm°nt ot Private
tmmm ■'», LcstXanbood Deoilityor
%31?t5-s^aSn> disease wearing!. is bod vand mind and
Skin Dis^aafs.'i'bedoctorcursswben
J*TWrligaw others fall. Try htm. Charges low '
(uif«SH»ranicf<l. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *•• tiIBBOX, Bex 1937. 5a0 Francisco!
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Preserved by
It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss of
hair, and baby blemishes, viz.: The clogged, irritated,
inflamed, or sluggish condition of the PORES. CUTI-
CURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties
derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever com-
pounded is to be compared with it for preserving, purify-
ing, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No
other foreign or domestic soap, however expensive, is to
be compared with it for all the uses of the toilet, bath,
and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE
PRICE — namely, TWENTY-FIVE CENTS — the
best skin and complexion soap, and the best toilet and
baby soap in the world. {
INSTANT RELSEF HID CI/CDV UfiMflß
SPEEDY CURE run fcVtilK nUMUn
Bathe the affected parts with HOT water and CUTICURA SOAP to cleanse
the skin and scalp of crustt\ and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry,
without hard rubbing, and apply CUTICURA Ointment freely, to allay itching,
irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and lastly take CUTICURA
JIE SOLVE NT to cool and cleanse the, blood.
This sweet and wholesome treatment affords instant, relief, permits rest and
uleep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching, burning, and sonly
humors of the skin, scalp, and blood, and points to a speedy, permanent, and
economical cure when all other remedies and even the best physicians fail.
Price, The Set, $1.25; or. Soa.i> 25c. Ointment. 50c.. and Rksolvxnt (half elze), 50c. Sold
throughout t&n worlrt. Potter. Ohio and Chkm. Corp . Bole Props., Boston, Mum. "How to 2
£ree«rv«. Purify, and Beautify the -kin, Sralp, Hair, and Hands," malW free-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KV.AHSY AND WASHINGTON fcio.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
IS to $8 week: X to $30 month. Free baths; hot
«nd cold water every room; firs grates la every
■jjfe. Dr. R. L Walsh,
/S^^F^^jK 515% GEARY ST., bet.
i'ffirVftiui.M- i^/liA Hyde and Larkln.
C~Tr,«i-A*uik Painless Extraction..
i«^*«sa»*2» and Larkln.
'^=s=_^*^^j Painless Extraction..
Uti „ - J^r\Y Crowns ...'.'.'.'.'.'.sd'.wi
X_li T v - Liii*' Flesh-colored Plates.
*^^
I«&.OI>
Continuous Gum Platen (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
tills branch of dentistry. No students. 16
years' experience.
. .
STCPPED FB£E~
Wr* 1 gl^TEv'" Permanently Cured
ti W \W DR - KU«E'S en GREAT
FEJQHSa^ RESTORER
: ' ' Intanlty Prevented by
'I Bud DR - KLI *E'S 6REAT
, H B W MERVE RESTORER
B* Padtlre ear* far til ytrnut DUratu. Fiu, Brii*pty
;-<3 Boom* and SI. Vttui' Vance. .' .oFluorKtrrouaua
*I »ft»r first iV dm. TreatiMind $2 trial bottle
*1 free* i«Unia, t-tj s»jVattiptin_vgfoir
.« when receive!. R«nd to Dr. Kline, I.M, Birllerv*
BH • ImUtou of Uallclae, 931 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pi.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1899.
CROCKER ESTATE CHANGES
CROCKERS SAID
TO HAVE SOLD
THEIR STOCK
Speyers the Alleged
Buyers.
THIRTEEN MILLIONS INVOLVED
•
RUMOR CREATES A SENSATION
IN FINANCIAL CIRCLES.
The rumor current In this city yester
day afternoon that the Crockers had dis
posed of their entire holdings in the
.Southern Pacific and Central Pacific
Hailroad companies to the backing firm
of Speyer & Co., of New York, created
intense excitement In financial circles.
While no positive confirmation of the
Btory was obtained, the source of in
formation is reliable, and It was generally
accepted as correct.
What lends color to the rumor is the
fact that neither George nor Will Crocker
would discuss the matter and refused to
affirm or deny it. When George Crocker
was asked whether the report was true
or not he quickly replied:
"Go ask Mr. Speyer. Probably he will
tey you," and he positively declined to
Bay any more about it.
Will Crocker was just as averse to dis
cussing the subject as his brother, and to
aJI Questions regarding it answered that
he did not care to speak about affairs
which he considered private and of no
possible public concern.
The firm of Speyer & Co. is widel>
known and has houses In Amsterdam ,
London and New York. It has en
gineered some very important financial
deals for C. P. Huntington, and recently
put through the famous reorganization
of the Central Pacific and its consolida
tion with the Southern Pacific. James
Speyer. a representative of the concern,
was" in this city a few months ago, and
it was probably at that time that he had
the Crocker deal in view. It is said that
the linn has placed over $L!o,0uu,000 in
bonds for Huntlngton. and it counts
among its patrons some of the wealthiest
people in Europe.
It was impossible to ascertain for whom
the Speyers were acting in the purchase of
the Crocker interests. It is supposed, how
ever, that they were acting lor some for
midable money power, and the names or
the Vanderbilts and even Huntlngton
himself are mentioned in this connection.
It is understood that all of the Crockers
have disposed of their stock. There are
five Of them and they together own a
fifth Interest In the property. It is
valued at about ?13.w0,00'J, and comprises
34U.U00 shares of the stock.
The Call's correspondent in New lorK
saw James Speyer last night in that city
and asked him if the story was correct
that he had purchased the Crocker In
terests in the Central and Southern Pa
cine Railway corporations. Mr. opeyer
declined to discuss the subject. ihe
Crockers here in San Francisco decline
to be interviewed on the topic. It is sig
nificant that none of the parties con
cerned deny the reported transaction.
James Speyer. president of the London,
Amsterdam and New York banking insti
tution of Speyer & Co., was in this city
last April. While here he purchased Mrs.
Stanford's holdings of Central Pacific
-tuck. He attended the meeting of Cen
tral Pacific dirtctors to arrange for the
absorption of the Central by the South
ern Pacific, and was accepted as C. P.
Jluntmgioii's ally in the reorganization
B °Chauncey M. Depew, who was seen in
New York last night by a Call ccrre
. ni. asserted positively that the
A anderbilts have nothing to do with the
Southern Pacific Kail way.
CALIFORNIANS AS HOSTS.
Fair Ladies of Company L En
tertain the Minnesotans.
To show their appreciation of the kind
ness extended to their brothers, sons and
husbands in Manila the lady relatives of
the men of Company L, gave a noonday
breakfast last Saturday to the members
of Company L. of the Minnesota regiment.
The affair took place in the company din
ing roorii, which had been turned over
to the fair hostesses, by whom it had
been converted into a bower of Lucullan
loveliness. A profusion of flowers decor
ated the table, and if here and there the
frosted top ot a cake or the glistening
neck of a large cold bottle happened to
i poke its way through the petals of the
' posies the tact detracted nothing from
: the loveliness of the ensemble as viewed
by the hungry eyes of the warriors from
the battlefields of Luzon.
At the appointed hour the California
boys marched over to the Minnesota camp
and escorted back the guests that there
awaited them. Over two hundred men sat
down to the table and made havoc of the
: things with which it was loaded,
while their gentle entertainers hovered
over them and took Rood care that all
thfir wants should be promptly admin
istered to.
At thr- end of the meal Captain Eggert
arose and on behalf of the men or his
company bade the Minnesota contingent
welcome In a few well chosen and appro
priate words in which he endeavored to
convey to the guests the deep apprecia
tion with which the courtesies they had
extended to the men from Frisco while In
Manila bad been received. When he con
cluded Captain Morgan arose and an-
BWered for himself and the men of his
company. Then came cheers for the
hostesses, the different companies, the
officers and for everything else, after
which cigars were lighted and all sat at
ease to listen to the songs. Jests and sto
ries that wore away the better part of
the afternoon.
Among the ladles who contributed to
make the affair a success were Mrs. Oap
tJiin Etrfcert, Mrs. Lieutenant Grundman,
the Misses Adler. Mrs. Meyers, Mrs.
Kahn. Mrs. Grant. Mrs. Mangles, Mrs.
LefTman, Mrs. Burke, Mrs. S. Aufrichtlg
and a number of others whose names
could not be learned.
WARRIORS DINE.
Company B of the California
Regiment Entertains Its
Minnesota Friends.
T.nst night sounds of revelry floated
through the corridors of the Occidental
Hotel and the lights in the Wg dining
room shone over 201 and more brave men
who hud come together to carve the fowl
of peace, after having spent a year and
over in plucking the tail feathers out
of the Spanish and Tagalo birds of war.
The occasion was a dinner given by
Company H of the California regiment
to Company B of the Minnesota com
mand in recognition of the many courte
siea extended by the men of the north
to our San Francisco lads while both
regiments were making the best of their
stay in Manila.
The tables were beautifully decorated
and a string orchestra in attendance lent
the charm of music to the more substan
tial charms emanating from savory
dishes and properly cooled bottles.
When the cigar stage was arrived at
CaptaJn Filmer of the Californians, act-
Ing as toastmaster, made an address of
welcome, and then called upon the dif
ferent gentlemen to respond to the fol
[owlng toasts, which each one did in a
manner which W€;nt to show that when
the volunteers are mustered out and re
turn to civil life the nation will not want
for men capable of defending its honor
in the field of oratory any more than it
lacked men to uphold the dignity of its
flag in the field of battle: "State of Min
nesota, Frank B. Rowley- "The Volun
teer " Sergeant Hayes; ''State of Cali
(orni i." Colonel W. P. Sullivan; "Our
Country," Mayor Phelan; "The Ladies."
Lieutenant Ben Sturdlvant; "Our De
parted Comrade*," Sergeant Clifford. Be
tween the toasts songs were rendered and
stories told, and all went merry, as all
should when warriors, their fighting over,
assemble to enjoy the fruits of their vic
tories. Dr. W. H. Sieberst with, his tin
SPEYER BOUGHT
A BIG BLOCK
OF THE STOCK
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— The Journal to
day says: A large share in the Central
and Southern Pacific railways has been
bought by Speyer & Co., bankers of this
city.
It was said last night by a gentleman
conversant with the affairs of the two
companies that Speyer & Co. had ar
ranged recently to purchase a large biock
of these securities but he could not tell
whether the Interest acquired was the
Crocker or the Stanford holdings.
The Journal's informant, however,
said he could deny the report that the
deal was partly a Vanderbilt scheme for
the control of the transcontinental rail
way system.
"There is no Vanderbilt money In this,"
he continued. "Mr. Speyer has been very
friendly to C. P. Huntlngton. The firm
put through the reorganization of the
Central Pacific. Mr. Speyer is not buy
ing, as I understand it, for Mr. Huntlng
ton, but is taking over, as opportunity
offers, the holdings of others who are
not in sympathy with Mr. Huntington's
Interests, and will hold them on his own
account."
Mr. Speyer was in San Francisco a
short time ago, and it was understood at
that time that a large deal in Central
Pacific was in the wind.
The Sun says: Senator Depew said last
night that the Vanderbilts had no inter
ests in any such deal. James Speyer,
head of the firm of Speyer & Co., refused
to discuss the report. He has recently
returned to town. There has been talk in
Wall street lately about an "important
move" coming in the stock. It has been
dealt In heavily of late, the price ranging
between 40 and 35. About 30.000 shares
were sold yesterday, the closing price
being 35%.
whistle and Lloyd Spencer with his coon
songs contributed more than a little to
make the good time what it was.
TO WELCOME OTHERS.
A meeting of the citizens' executive
committee ''on the reception of California
volunteers from Manila on board the
Sherman was held in Mayor Phelan's
office yesterday afternoon. There were
present: Mayor Phelan, M. H. de Young,
W. J. Martin and Secretary McPlke.
During the session of the committee a
delegation from the parents' association
consisting of J. W. Burson, J. R. Baird,
L, N. Jacobs, J. J. McCarthy and E. C.
Brackett called and requested that ar
rangements be made for the reception
and banqueting of the returning regulars
now on the way from Manila on board
the City of Para, its hospitalities to be
extended to all of the men who belong
to California and who enlisted in other
regiments, as though they had belonged
to the First Regiment of Volunteers, and
the reception to partake, if possible, of a
naval parade on a small scale. The com
mittee decided to give the returning
soldiers a breakfast in the east nave of
the ferry building, provided the Harbor
Commissioners would permit.
After disposing of this the committee
settled down to render an account of the
financial feature of the late reception.
The following was issued to the press
representatives present:
There are still a number of unsettled bills in
the hands of yuur secretary, but In accordance
with your request we submit to you the fol
lowinK statement ol muney already paid out.
The bills now on hand amount to about $Ijoo.
The following Is a statement of all bills paid
to September 11. 1»599:
Cash received by treasurer.. |63,19» 37
Paid out-
Executive committee $290 55
Hanquets and entertainment. 1,210 99
Stands, reception committee,
executive committee. Red
Cross, Chinese and music. 841 35
Day parade 44 50
Fireworks 6.917 73
Music other than parade 1,156 20
Miscellaneous 799 90
Advertising 1,012 30
Transportation Fifth Regi
ment California National
<iunrd 766 55
Native Sons' bills 2,760 00
Union Square tent 510 75
Decorations and illumination 9,060 98
Theater parties 739 50
Employment committee 520 00
Executive council 594 50 27,215 88
Balance on hand $35,974 49
COMES TO MEET HIS
NORTHERN FIGHTERS
GOVERNOR ROBERT B. SMITH, MONTANA'S EXECUTIVE.
GOVERNOR Robert B. Smith, accom
panied by the delegation who have
come with him to receive the re
turning volunteers, arrived in this
city yesterday morning from the north.
The Governor himself went to the Occi
dental, but the rest of the party split up
and are registered at the different host
elries around town.
When seen yesterday in his apartments
the Governor said that while no definite
plans had been made for the entertain
ment of the soldiers when they should
get back to their home State, yet money
was being rapidly collected, and by the
time the troops are mustered out things
will be in suoh a shape as to assure them
a reception in every way worthy of their
great achievements.
If there Is enough money collected, and
the Governor is certain there will be. the
troops will be onrrled from this city to
their homes at the expense of the people
of the State whose renown they have
done so much to extend throughout the
entire land.
Aa soon, as the Governor had rested and
MARY CROCKER
NOW POSSESSES
HER MILLIONS
An Order Is Made by
Judge Coffey.
FINAL ACCOUNT IS SETTLED
THE HAPPY HEIRESS APPEARS
TO SIGN DOCUMENTS.
Miss Mary Crocker, eldest child of the
late Charles Fred Crocker, formally came
into possession of the vast legacy left her
by her deceased father yesterday. Her
share of the Crocker estate is valued at
something over $4,000,000, and by the order
of Probate Judge Coffey she is now free
to handle this great wealth, as she will
be unhampered by the dictates of a trus
tee or guardian.
Miss Crocker attained her majority on
the 7th of the present month, Charles E.
Green and Henry T. Scott, executors of
the will of Colonel Crocker and guardians
of the person and estate of the young
woman, then prepared their final account.
This was presented in court yesterday
afternoon, the account was accepted atid
the order of distribution made. In this
account It is set forth that during the
months covered, from March to Septem
ber of this year, the receipts have been
$194,217 90; disbursements, $90,917 85, leav
ing a balance on hand of $103,300 03. For
services rendered on behalf of their wards
the guardians asked $10,660 2-3, and the at
torneys, Morrison & Cope, $3333 1-3. This
deduction of $20,000 from the account re
duced the balance to $53,300 05. Miss Crock
er, who was present in court and appar
ently happy that she was now legally
qualified to care for her own interests,
took her pen and entered at the head or
the account that she had examined it
carefully and had no suggestions to offer.
Judge Coffey then ordered the account
settled.
The strong box containing the Crocker
securities, which have for some time been
in the vaults of the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank, wus then placed on the
bench and opened in the presence of
Judge Coffey. This box contains 649 1-20
shares of the Southern Pacific Company,
valued at $16,226 26; 437 shares Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, valued at $3800;
250 shares Oakland Water Front Com
pany, valued at $3000; 527 shares Rocky
Mountain Coal and Iron Company, valued
at $26,300; 100 shares Wells, Fargo & Co.,
valued at J10.500; 20,340 shares Market
Street Railway Company, valued at $966,
--150; 12&6 shares Crocker-Woolworth Na
tional Bank, valued at $231,480; 19.999
shares Crocker Estate Company, valued
at $3,999,800; 100 shares Union Iron Works,
valued at $10,000; 100 shares Promontory
Ranch Company, valued at $10,0o0; United
States Government 4 per cent bonds, val
ued at $275,000. Total worth of securities,
$5,567,306 25.
Miss Crocker's division of the securities
were selected, shown to her and then set
apart from the rest In the strong box. It
was again sealed up, and then the heavy
burden was taken back to the bank. Aftxr
the ceremony had been concluded Miss
Crocker, accompanied by her attorneys,
left the court.
In about six years from now this cere
mony will be repeated. Charles Temple
ton Crocker is now 15 years of age, and
his sister, Jennie Adeline Crocker, is 12.
Hence they will come of age within a few
months of each other, and it is very prob
able that one ceremony will suffice for the
distribution of their securities to them.
In the meantime their estate will greatly
Increase in value, and when they come
into possession of their estates they will
be, like their sister, numbered among the
richest young people in the United States.
THEATER AND SUPPER.
California Hall, on Bush street, wore a
festive appearance last evening, the oc
casion being the spread given by Com
pany X of the California volunteers to
Company X of Minnesota In return for
kindnesses extended by the men of that
regiment to our boys in Manila.
The visitors were taken in hand by the
partaken of a slight lunch, he took a
carriage and went for a drive through
the park and the Presidio,, and at i.!.j lat
ter place he Inspected with Interest the
model camps which will soon be the
homos of his stalwart northern warriors.
With the Governor came his wife and
daughter. United States Senator T. M.
Carter, Adjutant General C. F. English
General James T. Stanford, Colonel
Thomas MoTeague, Mrs. Captain Mercer,
Mrs. Captain John T. Athey, Messrs.
Judd and Trowbrldge of the Anaconda
Standard. Mr. Sultzer of the Butte Miner
and a number of other ladies and gentle
men who have friends or relatives In the
returning regiment.
The entire party was met across u.e
bay by Colonel Be6k of the California
National Guard, and by him looked after
and extended the usual courtesies.
Governor Smith Is a prepossessing-,
well-groomed, affable gentleman, with a
fine presence and great personal magnet
ism. The only public position he held
previous to his election to his present of
fice was that of United States Attorney
to Montana, which place ho filled for four
years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
We shall offer on Mpndau, Sep-
tember 18, new and choice goods In
all our departments, and quote a
few special items.
SILK DEPARTMENtT
25 pieces 24-INCH BLACK IMPORTED TAFFETA, bril-
liant and lustrous, new soft finish 85c uarl
BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT.
40 pieces BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, new
Importation, 12 different designs $1.75 uard
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
24 pieces 36-INCH SILK-FINISHED CHANGEABLE
ALPACA, eight different combinations. .50c uarl
RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
375 pieces 3 1-2 INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN RIBBON,
corded edge, extra high lustre and soft finish, all
colors 35c uard
LACE DEPARTMENT.
5 cases NEW EMBROIDERED AND CORDED FRONT-
INGS, NEW RUCHINGS, RUFFLINGS, CHIFFON
TRIMMINGS, LACES and VEILINGS,
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
2 cases BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY BLACK RIBBED HOSE,
double heels and toes, warranted fast black
25c palp
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
i California lads at 8 o'clock and a
I theater party at the Orpheum. after
which they were escorted to the hall,
where a supper was awaiting their atten
tion As soon as justice had been done
to the excellent menu which had been pro
vided, cigars -were passed around and a
few more bottles opened, and every one
sat around to enjoy a few hours of joll>
good comradeship.
Captain Seely of the California regiment
acted as toastmaster. and had his duties
made light by the ready and witty help he
received from the following gentlemen,
each of whom said something appropriate
ito the moment: Major Mastcrman for
i merlv captain of Company X of the Min
nesotas; Major Cunningham, who went
out in command of Company X in tlie
California regiment; Captain E. M. Con
rad of the Minnesota contingent, and a
number of others from both the ranks of
the commissioned officers and the enlisted
men.
Banqueted the Minnesotans
Companies C and G of the Thirteenth
Minnesota, U. S. V  were banqueted by
Companies C and G of the First Cali
fornia, U. S. V., at the latter's armory,
815 Ellis street, last night. The ban
quet was given as a return compliment
for the many favors shown the Califor
nia boys by the Minnesotans while in
Manila. The menu card was a handsome
one the inside covers containing half
tones of the transport Sheridan and the
arrival of the transport Sherman and the
outside cover a lithograph of a California
volunteer extending the hand of good fel
lowship to his Minnesota comrade.
Company M of the Thirteenth Minnesota
Regiment was banqueted last night by
Company M of the First Calitornia Regi
men: at a downtown rotisscne. The af
fair which was an unusually enjoyable
one was given by the California boys tor
the purpose of furthering the spirit of
' good fellowship which existed between
the t we regiments during their recent
campaign? in the Philippines.
Captain Thomas O'Neil of Company M.
First California, and Captain Mckilvery
of the Thirteenth Minnesota occupied
seats of honor at the head of the table.
The boys of the two companies sat in
During" the evening many patriotic
toasts were offered by members of both
companies. Captain O'Nell, who is fa
miliarly known as -Fighting Tom, acted
as toastmaster. and it is needless to men
tion that the popular "skipper" performed
his duties in a genuine Cfcauncey Depew
fashion. In a neat little speech Captain
O'Neil stated he regretted that the re
ceipt of a commission from Washington
appointing him major of the battalion
made it necessary for him to resign his
position as captain of Company M ter
n Jack Miller. Privates McGlnty
Owens and Dan Curley and Sergeant
Noyes of the First California rendered
several popular songs during the evening.
Hospital Steward McKonzie was present
i ed with a beautiful pair of gold sleeve
I buttons in recognition of his services.
The banquet was concluded with three
! rousing cheers for the Minnesota boys
and those sick and disabled members of
the California regiment who were unable
to attend.
, *
Sequoia Parlor's Welcome.
Sequoia Parlor No. 160. Native Sons of
the Golden West, banqueted its returned
soldiers on Monday evening at the Mal
son St. Germain. After a witty introduc
tory speech by President Henry Scheper
an elaborate menu was served, during
■which the Native Sons' band discoursed
much patriotic music. The following
toasts were responded to: "California."
Hon. Lewis F. Byington; "The Spanish
! American War and Its Effect on
America." Hon. Henry Gesford; "The
Medal and Its Value." Grand Trustee
Frank Barnett: "Sequoia Parlor," Louis
C Pistolesl: "The Ladies." Grand Secre
tary Henry Lunstedt; "The Old. Old
Story," A. B. Jones. Messrs Kelly and
Marfow. Bob Mitchell. Mr. Barton. Will
j P Johnson. James O'Neil. J. S. Ward,
i Charles E. Torres and Robert Haggerty
! furnished considerable amusement. Dur-
I ing the evening L. C. Pistolesl presented
1 the parlor with an elegant set of altar
flags. The soldiers of Sequoia Parlor who
I were entertained were: Sergeant Harry
i Pohlman, Paul Dunphy, Harry Wilson.. E.
i S. Howes. J. P. Scheper, William L. Vice
! and Charles California McMillian.
Now is the delightful time of the year
jto visit the country. Take a trip on the
i Ukiah excursion Sunday, September 24,
I through Marln, Santa Rosa, Russian
River and Uklah Valley. Every one guar
anteed a seat. Round trip |2. Leave
Tlburon ferry at 8:30 a. m. •
nco»ifff»om j^s^^T C J£^r^^^ b
PUT YOUR HEADS
TOGETHER
and compare notes about who does the
best laundry work in thi 5 * town, and
you will find the unanimous verdict of
everyone in San Francisco is that our
exquisite laundry work is unsurpassed
for its perfect finish, careful treatment,
beauty of color and general excellence.
We don't allow any one to touch us lor
perfect laundry work.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Offtoa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
Fancy Plates,
IO CtB. up.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American ImDortiig Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
CALIFORNIA
Standard Oil
COMPANY.
J. M. MERRELL., President. *
' Location of Property and Oil Well%
McKITTRICK, KERN CO., CAL.
OFFICES: '
Rooms 15-18, Second Floor. Mills Building,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P«ii, J. EBPIC ; New York, K. FOUGERA * CO
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
purr nnwn *°™* ***
AH W HIIV ll I Market * S. F. Try
Ijiirr fll I I 11 1 °" r Special Brew
.Valises checked irt*.