VOLUME LXXXVJI-NO. 2(5.
TROOPS AT FRONT
MERELY MARK TIME
British Siege Artillery That Is
Being Rushed Forward to Aid
General Buller's Advance.
L"l>< >.\\ Dec 26 - :
at the front 1
■
as — a v
much in honor by the
■
■
■
1
-
■
■
■
I
' . . tin t<»
uld tin
■
ipidly
king v
■
1 re
' • iber 15,
1
■
Small.
ated that the
■
I un
■ the
■ •
in motu »n bj the n
■
ted t
■ ■
■
■ ■ •
■
>wn 4.7 -ivx' and
■
• ■ ■ ■ ' ddite
iency
re, in
■ f 1 nd ] twer
• • : F tin Boers will be
The Deer prisoners taken by the British are cent to the prison hulk Penelope lying: at • Slmonstown. the British
naval station, near Capo Town. The picture, which Is taken from "Army and Navy," shows a vessel from Durban with
a detachment %f prisoners taken at Elands Laagte approaching tho hulk.
The San Francisco Call
tow i- legree remc<He«i.
At the I ..; c, while the outl
is held to be gloomy, it is not
generally regarded as L:i\ in^ any
alarm. ' TJie checks
. re seen to ' c tempo
bank manager who
rrived from (;i\n- T<
:hat win • . >n prevails
in the mi
' • ipated.
BRIDGE DESTROYED
DURING BOMBARDMENT
[Ppeoial r-aHe to t!>« N>w York !?-niM. Copy
right. IP9. by .'-:;)■< Gor.l:iri »?rnn.Mt. \lf
\n.:.\catu n of thl« dispatch is »ir.>Jii».!t««d.
All rltrfctp tt'urvM in the T*nlte«i States «nil
Gm* Urlta'n ;
I.ON'IiON, I»re. 25.— Tlie Dally Tele
graph publlshea this dispntrh from Its
epcdal < - <irr'-. < »; % cr.drnt :
Chlevely Camp." 'Dec. I!>.— A heavier bom-
Inn'mcr.t of l.adrsmlth wns carried on
frrm Mount Bulwan this morning than
usuat Por over an hour the Boers tired
«!'.« !r blsscfft £\:z\ at frequent Intervals.
<»ur lyddite Bhella raked the Boer «renehes
ar.«l works at Colctutq for two hours, and
among other thlnps destroyed the road
way bridge so that the Baern on this side
<f the river, with their wagons and puns.
Will Hnd it a difficult task to rccross.
There were rainstorms lnst night and to
day. The water question, therefore. Is
rolvirp itsf'f In a satisfactory manner.
The health crd spirits of our troops are
excellent, and the wound«-d are reported
Be doing yell.
HEAVY BOER LOSS
IS DUE TO LYDDITE
(Ppcrlsl ra:,V to the NV-.v York Herald. Copy
right. 18-?. by Jamff Grr.Jcm Uonneu. lt»
juhltratlrn r>f this OiFpatch is pnhlUltcd
A!l rlrht* rofwrveil !n the I'nlToil States and
Ur*at Britain.]
LONDON. Doc. rs.— The Dally ■• II has
a dispatch dnted Chlevely Camp. Decem
ber 19. whi'-h Fays: "From reliable native
sources I hear that the onray's losses on
Friday wrre fully S'Vi killed. the rvounced
bring few. a* all the loss was probably
cine to lyddite. This disprove* the cur
rently accepted theory concerning the
rctio r-f killed to wounded by the rceUitß
rf thf» explosive. Coiudderlns the enemy's
lmpr»prab!r> ;«of«t{on th!»-TPJni!t"~ls'satfsr."
factory. Ono r;f the onmy'n big puns
wr" r!c«trAy»»d by our artillery. "
There art\iees frrjm it* ppcrlnl c^rre.
fponrtents are published by the Dally
Mail:
PICTERMARITZBURG. Dee. ir>— There
Is an impression here that Oererril Bullcr
v.lll r.ot move attain until the howitzer.
batteries hr.vo arrlvrt! and also flei,; bai
torles t«» rolace the two lost. The for
elpn att;:ches have arrived. A .Scinch
doctor cnmmar.rtoTfd by the Boers told
one cf cur ambulance m^n that the Boer
loss was three times creator than ours.
BOER VERSION OF
THE DEFEAT OF GULLE3
rofiiA. i
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
1
■
■
■ ■
n . re
■
but th< "
■
■ ■ ■ .- ■
Cont!nuM on Fourth Page,
A FLOATING PRISON.
SAN FKANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1309.
EARTHQUAKE USHERS
IN THE CHRISTMAS
Southern California Towns Get a
Severe Shaking, and Near San Ja
cinto Six Squaws Are Killed.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.—
Dame Nature gave South
ern California an unwel
come Christmas present to-day.
At 4:30 o'clock, just before the
dawn of the gladsome holiday,
the entire lower portion of the
Mate was shaken by a tremen
dous earthquake. The undula
tions lasted about twelve seconds.
The center of the shock appears
to have been at San Jacinto, a
small town in Riverside County.
The business portion of San Ja
cinto consists of two blocks of
stpry buildings, some of
which are built of brick. Ten or
fifteen buildings wore damaged,
chimneys being toppled nvcr and
the walls cracked and shaken.
The total damage at San Jacinto
and Eienu :. a small town nearby.
estimated at $50,000. The
large tourist hotel at Hemet was
damaged and the hospital at San
Jacinto suffered. The rear wall of
the Johnson block at Hemet fell.
The only loss of life so far as
, known was at the Saboba Indian
reservation, where six squaws
were killed by killing walls.
The shock was heavy at Santa '
Ana. Anaheim. San Bernardino,
Riverside and other places, but
un particular damage is reported,
except from San Jacinto and
Hemet.
i
In this city no damage was
done, though the shock was par- ,
ticularly violent. The hotels here
are well tilled with Eastern tour
ists, and they were in many in
stances terrified at the unexpect
ed disturbance and rushed irom
their rooms in a fright. It was at
first reported that the tower of!
the City Hall was badly dam- 1
aged, but an inspection to-day
failed to reveal any injury except
that done during an earthquake
which visited this section about
six months ago.
MUCH DAMAGE AT SAN
JACINTO AND HEMET
SAN JACINTH. Dec. 25.— At 4:33 this
morning occurred a terrific earthquake
shock, or series of shocks, lasting fully
thirty seconds. The seismic disturbance
consisted of short, convulsive jerks and
was • accompanied by a friphtful roar,
which continued some minutes after the
vibrations ceased. • ■ : ; , "■'. '
A- the Indian village at Saboba many
adobe huts :"<•!!. Six old squawa In mm
adobe celebrating a <'hrlstma!» feasi were
killed by falling beams. Six othera wprp
bad^y Injured Indian Agent Wright re
ports much prlef uml suffering, cupled
with superstitious terror.
it i- a question whether the vibrations
came fr«>m Lower California vulc ■ ihhu.
The shock opened great fissures In the
San Jadnto mountain. The inhabitants
nr<> t. rmr stricken and fear to, retire for
tho nipht. The scene this Christmas
morning will never bo orasod from th*>ir
memory. People hurried out into the
streets to find devastation on all sides. A
red Rlow was noticeable in the sky long
attar the dull, muffled roar had subsided.
lireakfaats v.ere enten on swaying tables
and the Christmas diners were forced to
CHRISTIAN BROTHERS
MAY SOON SECEDE
Likely to Establish an American
Community in the Event of an
Unfavorable Decision.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— News from Rome regarding the
appeal of the Christian Brothers, who have p
against the order oi their .superiors in France I
teaching classics in colleges in this country. 1.
in this city. The news appears rather discouraging t«> frw
of the Brothers, for according to it the authorities in Rome arc
expected to decide against them. The Rome correspondent oi
the Freeman's Journal sends word that Archbishop Riordan ol
San Francisco is in Rome working in the interests of I
tliers. He has presented a voluminous report to the autfc
tics. It is understood he appears in Koine as the representative
of the American hierarchy, nearly all the bishops of this country
beintf on the side of the Christian Hn»t:
Referring t«» the mission <«r Archbishop Riordan, the corre
spondent says he is informed it i- utterly vain. This statement
is regarded in Catholic circles here as a warning thai Rome is
going to decide against the Brothers. Some advocate! <>f the
Brothers' cause go so far as to say that in the event ol X
deciding against them the only thing for the Brothers to do
will l>e to withdraw fmm the French order and establish an
American community. This is said to be feasible, since all
all the American bishops are <»n their side.
The controversy between the American Christian Brothers
and their superiors has I considerable bitter feelin
the Catholic world, h has been charged thai the French it
riors have been actuated 1 y jealousy of the advancement and
prosperity of the order in this country. European Catholics who
have opposed the so-called Americanizing of the Catholic
Church in the United States taken the side of the French
Brothers in this conflict, and so the case 1 mcd interna
tional importance.
■ted their nerves while tho earth v.
at int. :
Every brick building In Fan Jaclnto was ]
more or less wrecked. The roofs on all •
of the brick blocks were wrenched, some j
falling on adjacent frame buildings and j
demolishing them. The State Hank, lo
cated on the corner of Mil-, and Sheriff
streets, was badly wrecked. The upper j
right hand corner fell out, the roof fell off j
at the rear and the building is a total loss, i
Cashier A W. Wright, wife and baby. |
who occupied the second story, had a ;
narrow escape. Miraculously, the falling |
roof and avalanche of bricks "failed to]
bury them as they fled from the crumb- j
ling builfting. '1 hey claim no noise on |
'earth could equal the pandemonium of j
that awful moment. 'Their experience was
that of dozens of others who had marvel
ous escapes from death.
The damage to the State Bank Is esti
mated at !30M
J. W. Ryan's furniture store, adjacent
to the bank on the west, was badly
wrecked, Less, SISOO.
The I. O. O. F. Hall above will require
$10<A) to repair the holes in the roof.
Robert Brook's billiard hall wus dam
aged 5200. '
' J. T. Morgan's meat market was demo!- \
Ished, th( contents being burle^l under tho j
(ailing walls ana timbers of the adjoining j
root '.i licKlm & Chambers" drug story. |
Morgan's loss is about &00. .Mi Kirn at '
Chambers' drug store was demolUned und
the ' stock ' reduced to a tins of line
powdered glass and ruined drugs in thirty I
seconds. Ihe Brm's loss Is ?sjuu.
Shaver iV Bpence, hardware,. lose lI2UO.
Clare, the tailor. loses JIW.
The poatoiHcs i- intact, but the mail
was scattered tnc breadtn of tne building
and the plastering was bavliy shattered.
The Chinese restaurant ot Cnariey BJkm
Lung is uumaged >ia".
Uieflces, the jeweler, sustains a loss <f
$:■■ i; Hit. hi. . tUMI
liar.i.-* M Daggett, general merchandise,
are Heavy loser*, Xnelr aiore, cavt-u in ai
the iront, rear and top. The iuh.s Ca *Ja>).
■] no building ot Joan Kyaa \»u» uum
aged to tne extent or $1500.
oimunu t.: ii.i-is general merchandise
store, managed >•> ftiauricu Ooodstetn. is
In a collapsed condition, 'lot itx«* on
stock l > ♦6'^j; on tne building, owned by
L. Durett, >IW>.». in.- baaerj was un
banned, being a frame structure.
lid Stead's Hardware store is wrecked;
\osa. *1600.
The MOSgTOVe block, known as the Long
block. Is damaged 10 the extent of |3.->jO.
e>. J. Mead, grocer, bad bis new brick
store rutneu; lues, vjw).
The Register building, being a frame,
was unharmed.
Jules Kautnnan & Co. lost $5000 on
goods, and on the building Daggett &
Oreen lost J*JSOO.
Baker • son s grocery stock and build
ing were damaged to the extent of HJM,
LndertuKer K. J. Etoulstou ■ »•'■"* is *•>"
L. A. Wright.- drugstore was wrecKed;
loss, JSSO.
The Vawled block, owned by Newmark
& Co. of Los Angeles, man damaged J1A»);
John Dully, stationer and toy* »•" Ladu
building, ♦••••. ft i- Sharp, millUMir, *i"'.
Han) ol the frame ouuuintfs about town
were greatly damaged.
Since me earmquuKe all the artesian
wells in the valley are flowing copiously.
Christmas has Deen devoted to removing
the damaged stock Iron wrecked store*
to frame building! # i * shocks continued
all day at irregular Interval*, but were
light. They were characterized by a hoi
low rumbling. . Dust and smoke were seen
issuing' lrom the canyons at tfl base of
the mountains, und James Hornbnck. who
lives at < !aatello Canyon, three miles cast,
al the -base of Mount San Jncinto. says
to-night th. r- is a deep hole in the can
yon, whose, depth cannot be fathomed.
it is four feet wide. Fissures extend out
1 forty rods from the bottomless hole.
At Hemet. three miles south, great dam
age was done. The Hemet Hotel was
damaged 15000; the Hemet Company's
brick building. 11200: the Hornet Milling
| Company's mill $3000.
It is learned that the Florida, a three
story hotel at Valle Vista, five miles east,
was ruined, and the county hospital Is
wrecked at South San into. The thirty
patients were taken into the brick resi-
I dence of J. C. Jordan, across the road,
i which, strangely enough, withstood the
frightful quaking;*- ' The churches and
schOolhouses are intact.
OTHER TOWNS SHAKEN,
BUT DAMAGE IS SLIGHT
SAN BERNARDINO. Dor 2.V— The mrri
severe earthquake ever experienced here
PTUCE FIVE CENTS.
jarred the city at A:T> o'clock this morn-
Ing. The movement was from north to
■oath antl lasted longer than any earth
quake previously felt hero. It commenud
with a low rumble, growing lou.ler sev
eral seconds before the quaking was >!t.
The damage was not more severe tl'an
that Inflicted by the temblor of sere rat
months ago. consisting of broken pinto
glass ami minor losses mostly. The High
School bunding, which lost Its south ■ or.
ner stone coping by the last earthquake,
lost the north corner this Mm- and quit©
a portion al the. brick wall with it The
building was considerably damaged with
in, the Interior walls cracking and the
plastering falling In many of the rooms.
Probably $.V*) will repair the damage.
The brick snore of Smith, the gTOCCT,
standing oy Itself on Thirl street, had its
plate clan broken and a larg<» fissure
was mad* in the walls. Public and
private i locks by the *core stopped at
the time »>f the earthquake.
News from the aurrour.dlng country
shows th it little damage occurred elae
v.-here In ihls vicinity. A singular freak
of the earthquake was the sudden start
ing of ar»e«lan welli that had been dry
for months. This morning they^co-n
mer.red to flow copiously. The penpl©
were driven out of doors by the shocks
and many camped out the balance of the
nlcht. but r.o one was Injured.
The Highland Insane Asylum was a
rcene of j.andrmonium. Th. lnnvi'es
shrioked. screamed and ran In every -M
rection. The damage to the walls, plas
tering and ornamentation will be in tho
neighborhood of tSOOO.
Squirrel Inn. high up the mountain, re
ports a heavy sheck but no damage
RIVERSIDE. Dec. -..-Word recr.vi-d
here to-day says that the earthquako
shock was ttvere at Corona, but no gnat
damage is reported aside from slight
erntks «n walls. The shock was sev-re
at lerrls. end Moreno, and in the latter
Place br'ok buildings were damaged.
\ ENTI-RA. Dec. Z.-A heavy, pro
longed earthquake shock was felt h«re
this morning at 4:21. Houses were ba.Jly
-shaken and clocks were stopped, but n3n 3
damage resulted. The vibrations were
from north to south. The temblor was fol
lowed by a high wind and a heavy s^a
SANTA ANA. Dec. 25.-Th« severest
earthquake In years vtaited this section
th'.s morning at 4:2T, o'clock. Third-story
hotel gu^ts were almost rolled out of b*d
Clocks were Mopped all over the city and
the walls of several brick buildings were
badly cracked. Hundreds of persons were
on the streets a few seconds after th»
shock, an.l many remained up until day
san DIEGO. Dec. 23.-The most severe
shock of earthquake experienced in this
city in fourteen years took place at 4 25
a. m. to-day, nnd was accompanied by a
loud rumbling. The taller buildings in
the city were severely shaken, but enly
minor damage was done. A high wave
struck the beach on the ocean front soon
after the shock. A slighter shock followed
the first one after a few seconds
LONG BKACH Dec. 23.-A severe shock
of earthquake at 4:20 this morning awak
ened all. Long Beach, the vibrations last
ing about fifteen seconds. The shock was
heavy enough to tumble down pans ami
other loose articles in the stores and
houses and stop the clocks In the Julian
Hotel.
NKKDLES. Dec. 23.-A terrific shock of
earthquake was experienced here at 4:3
a. m. it rattled windows, broke glass and
gave tho town a thorough shaking. The
vibrations were from northeast to south
west.
k of
here at * ::> o'clock
this mornli
SHIP ARIOSTO WILL
BE A TOTAL LOSS
Report of the Master of the British
Vessel That Was Wrscked Off
C.ipe Hatteras.
NORFOLJC, v.i. -Captain
I
whloh ran ashore f.,nr r.illrx jiourh of
>p* Hatteras Hfe-f i
terday morning • > th«
agents her -hi[> w-.ui.i prove a
total loss.
The tUX Rescue, which reached the-
Arlosto thin morning, has been unable to
do anything toward floating her became
of the rough sea off the coast. A message
received at the Weather Bureau her©
states that the Rescue baa not yet been
able to even approach the Arlosto near
enough to put a line aboard her. The
steamer lies broadside on and appears to
be making considerable water.2
CARLISLE BARELY DEFEATS CALIFORNIA
HUDSON, FAMOUS GOAL-KICKER, TRIES HIS TRICK BUT FAILS.
CALIFORNIA lost yesterday to the proved that. Had it been heavy an.i noli- :
Carlisle Indians by a score of 2 to day, as some people would have had you
f». !n the fiercest, fastest, greatest believe, the ball would not have moved
game of football ever played on as rapidly as it did from beginning to end
the. local gridiron, It was hum- and the players would not have had the
mer and tongs all the time, with brilliant energy they displayed all through till the
eparkfl Hying in every direction from the close. The softness! of the thin top dress
kick-off till the close. California sit- tog may have influenced some of the slow
prised everybody, none more so than the starts' noticed, and undoubtedly did ac
redsUnsJ and although defeated, the team count fora number of fumbles; but it was
advanced her football Into territory hlth- certainly as good for one team as for the
trt<» supposed to belong exclusively to the other. The equal distribution of fumbles
Eastern varsity teams. would Indicate as much.
With 'he newly lifted scalps of Pe.nn- Rather an unusual proceeding, the game
sylvania. Cornell" Columbia and Lafay- commenced ahead of schedule time. The
ette still dripping at their belts, the young redskins appeared first on the field, short
bucks from the Indian school lined up on »* aftpr - o'clock, and were loudly cheered,
the Sixteenth and Folsom streets gridiron. *v« Berkeleyltcs joining in the greeting,
eager to add to their collection the cory W ,°f response Hudson, the phenom
looks of the boy* from Berkeley, abso- na » little quarter, turned a couple ot
lately confident; too that they could do handspring before he got Into the prac-
It. More than five thousand people of the t ! ce ' f , lh « aborigines passing up and down
same way of thinking piled high on the «he Held so splendidly as to attract gen
banks of srats surrounding the field, pre- <ral admiration. Then Hudson, who is
tho Thanksgiving day game It did not Clearly> the mdlans were in great fettle,
display a tithe of the color of that cheer- A few raimit es llltt , r the California. ap
ng. yolllng. closely packed gathering, but pearcd on the Oeld, and shortly afterward,
it saw the real thing in pigskin. It learned wllnout preliminary practice, lined up for
not how » air was lifted, but It saw Call- tho kick-off. The Indians at this time
fornia give the Indians the closest kind made objection to the balL It was, they
of a shave for victory. Berkeleyltes were claimed, larger and lighter than the one
out la force with their band, the encovr- to u hich they had been accustomed,
aging efforts of which they aided with They asked that theirs be substituted,
concerted yells. Gaily from their breasts As both balls are regulation the objection
fluttered ribbons of blue and gold, despite was not allowed, and the Indians, some
the fact thnt the hearts beneath were long what dubious of the effect of the spheroid
fearful, lespite the brilliant play of their on the kicking of Hudson, lined up against
t«-am. that something awful might hap- their opponents.
* Un - Captain Wheeiock of the Indians having
Garry Cochran. with his broken ribs, -won the toss, kicked the ball into a play
was there, and President Benjamin Ide that became so ilerce at times that reds
Wheeler. Any number of Stanford men and whites were laid out Indiscriminately
were also in evidence, and when yells of on the field. In the first two or three,
encouragement for the Indians came from scrimmages the assaults of the Indians on
any portion of the Inclosure the Berkeley- the California formation were. so fast and
ites took it for granted that Stanford men furious that men were knocked- over and
were at the bottom of them. The retorts, spun on their heads before they could get
whether deserved or not, were short, sharp into play. It appeared to everybody that
and derisive, one of them, •Oh, you lob- the boys from Berkeley could not stand
Fters:" being Intended as a reminder to this sort of attack for any length of time
the Palo Altans that something red had and the big scores talked about were
been defeated on Thanksgiving day. freely predicted.
The afternoon was splendid, and the It wasn't inability to withstand the red
field, despite statements to the contrary. Fkins — as results showed— that was troub
was In splendid Ehape. The game itself ling Berkeley. It was undoubtedly the
ACTING CAPTAIN HALL GIVES
HIS VIEW OF THE CONTEST
FTER yesterday's game with the Carlisle Indians, Percy Hall, left
II half and acting captain of the U. C. team, said: Pcroy Hall, left
luilf .• i-;:piain of th«- V. ('. Ham. Mid:
Jj "It was the best game ever played on this coast and the hardest
In which Berkeley has participated in years._ The Thanksgiving
game was mild In comparison. The outcome of to-day's" contest proves that
the California team Is at least better than the Columbia College eleven and
Is fit to cope with the big four of the East.
"The Indians did not have the team work that I expected to see In their
play. They were no stronger In that line than we were. Both elevens
played a good square game. '"*,. '■; .'.
"Carlisle would not have scored when she did but for the mistake In
signals which happened in the first half. The signal was for a fake kick
nnd run around the left end. but Cornish mistook It and snapped it back to
Kaar^bcrg for a regular kick, and as Pete was running to complete the
play it Hew past him. I think we played fully as good a' defensive game.
as the Indians. Metoxen was the only man who could gain ground for them,
and he bucked the tackles more than he did the center. Wheelock put up
the finest exhibition, both in line bucking and punting. Hudson's kicking
was much of a disappointment to me. . _"•}'■
"I think Dibble was not strict enough on his off-side plays. In the first
half he should have penalized the Indians when one of their men was pal
pably off side. His explanation to me was that as long as a man did not
interfere with the actual play he would not rule that he was offside.
•"Th.- Bald was quite a little better than on Thanksgiving day. but a trifle
■Upper? under foot. The ground might have been firmer. The cheering was
grtatly encouraging to the team. We were surprised at the* volume of
sound, as we thought most of the boys were home eating Christmas din
ners, but It Feems they did not desert us', nor did we desert them. Every
man In the team played hard to uphold the reputation of the college and
the State."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1899.
CARLISLE VS. EASTERN TEAMS
Table Showing the Manner of Players Against
Whom California Eleven Made Such
a Splendid Stand.
October 14 ... Carlisle . . 16 — Pennsylvania . . 5
October 28 ... Carlisle . . 10— Harvard .... 22
November 4 ... Carlisle . . 32^ — Hamilton . 0
November 11 . . Carlisle , . o—Princeton0 — Princeton ... 12
November 25 . . Carlisle . . 81 — Obtrlin . . 0
November 30 . ' , . Carlisle . . 45 — Columbia . , . 0
December 25 .. Carlisle . . 2 — California . 0
came Fort of stage fright that on Thanks
giving seized th-> Stanford players. They
soon found, however, Chat they could
make good resistance td the line-bucking
of the reds und they got to themselves in
fhort order and b<:gan playing magnificent
football, their partisans yelling them
selves hoarse when they were not gasp
liik FM-n-moutht-d at the brilliant exhibi
tion.
Just about this time when things were
golnp well for the t'alifornians came the
.;> that enst them the game. With
the ball in th«ir possession on their 20
yanl line, they formed up for a fake
kick, the signal was given nnd the ball
i : to Cornish, who, having mistaken
the play, tossed where he thought Kaars
bould liavi; be«-n. The fullback, of
c.iur-. . was at another position, and
Cornish's mistake, smt the ball over- the
California. Une between the gonis:
Loud groans were heard as the parti
sans of Berkeley saw one of the Indians
i (or It. Once in his possession
■ ■.•■ the Une it would count five apnlnst
thim. lie s<< mcd to he on top of It, when
Kaarsh.rg dlv. d past him and scored a
safety, ■ saving of three points as
against thi Indians, but a loss of two to
:iiia.
This misfortune cast a gloom over the
crowd ai.<i Mcmed to be the beginning of
i tor Berkeley. The darknesi wsj
momentary, however, as the caii
fornlana, apparently undaunted by the
mllhap, proceeded to play harder, faster.
Tv ■ ■ brilliantly ti.ati ever, and to hustle
U ball Into the Indian territory, where
Uu k. pt it most of the- remaining time
In the half.
The ball was kept constantly on the
m>.\«' ami ;traight football the game, with
now and then ■ trick play that invariably
had little effect It was buck and scrim
•imi ki<-k and pant* California.*! le
■ play betas ; i revelation to their
ll and their opponents. They were
Dot 'inly holding their own but th«-y wura
puzzling the redskins as they never prob
ably had been puzzled before. They un
il<nibtedly thought their medicine waa
bad. An evidence of thin was given Just
the eIOM of the first half, during
I the interruptions In tho play, when
Dr. Muntezuma was bringing to Miller,
tli- Carlisle right half, who was not up to
the brutstng be was receiving from Wom
ble and Hall. Out from one of the
• s on the northern side line trotted
004 of the Indian subß In the direction of
tbe players. As ho did »o he made what
looked like h«. me sort of mysterious sign
with his ripht forefinger and passed -iv.-r
to the south side line, along which he ran
for twenty yards. He circled around
without any apparent reason and trotted
back tv his beach.
That performance may have been medi
cine-makiiiK. <>r mere Injun play, but It
(••rtalnly Old look peculiar, although It
no apparent effect during the half.
IS, try as tiny would and try as they did.
the bucks could make little headway
against tho superb plays of California.
Hudson tried a couple of times to kirk a
field goal. Once when his kick was true
he was caught by Kaarsberg. Th» other
tlmo he kicked without the goal posts.
Time and again the husky Red Water and
the sturdy Metoxen were sent at the Cali
fornia line, sometimes for short gains,
more times for none. The reds also lost
the ball several times on downs and fum
bles.
All through this first half the CaJifor
nlar.s plny.-d as one man and, after th.it
costly "safety," steadily and brilliantly.
They tri.^l lew trick plays. A couploof
times Kanrsberg went over the line Tilth
his celebrated kangaroo Jump. It was
no novelty to the Indians. They ha.l met
It first with Weeks, the fullh.uk of < ,>
lumbia. and. not only learned to mother
It. but M->t.ixrn had picked it up so rao-
CCSSfully that he worked it several times
OB California for small gains. It would
be rather hard to pick out tho men In the
California who were playing the best Kill
All did phenomenal work, but Wombl«
Hall. Smith. Prlnglo and Hasten wero
particularly distinguishable. The bl ;,.
and gold right end In spit.* o f th* fn, t
of under training was always at the right
place at the right time and he alwnvs
counted. Of Masters. It was Mid by ' a
Berkeleylte, "Why. that fellow wou!d
tackle a comet." He pulled down more
than one Indian.
It was predicted that the Indians would
WHEELOCK TELLS WHY THE
INDIANS DID NOT SCORE
WHEELOCIC. captain of the Carlisle Indian team, mad* the following
statement:
"We expected a hard game with tho California team, but they proved
„.„ Th'!;«l rOtl i ? r eleven than we thought they were. Our team had not lined up
?nd w?Jh « Wi V ?• k ?' and couplod to that. wo Played on a field for too soft
APr..r. Vl which is larger than that used in th East, with which we are
7'™' rt to plny< ©or Inability to BOOre against the Berkeley men was duo
Columb!a rC °i[n??r enum ratpd - l ■«•*« think wo played M we did against
thaJ^ur ■!,«£? h ° men been In better shape there hi no doubt in my mind
did our showing agalnut our °PP° ncnts wo »'d have been far better. We
Stubborn n^ t r n<l "■""' ha^, "' •"'""■••• bl " »ha resistance we met was as
of a 'Vletn? 1. WaS n^\ r l rlSln t " ad a ****** football been used Instead
mem. r cto f ,t, t . her .° would havo been little or no fumbling on our side. The
members of the team ar« used to handlln the Bpaldlng ball which is much
* **»**> Th ball used during the game wi. called ft 'California
nf n£.n. y O1I J" T n> bccauso of lIS ?1Z " and welßht. We are in the habit
of plajMng on harder ground, and It Waa, therefore. Impossible for the team
to work as fast as it has heretofore. Hudson's absence from the game in
the latter part of the second half was keenly noted. He always lends con"
fld.|nce and inspires the men to greater efforts Miller's . absence
was not appreciated as much, because wo were able to * put iS
a fast substitute The California team Is -composed of a lot
of good p ayers and would do well against some of the teams of the
East. Hall at left half and Oreteberg at left guard played nnegTmes We
may come back next year, and In the event we do we will belnbetti con
dition to meet the California team. Wo will certainly not play on a Held as
soft as the one on which we played to-day. With a firmer ,.ng and othet
things being equal we ought to defeat the Berkeley team by a good score "
develop winning powers In the second
half. It was known that they possessed
great recuperative powers and it was in
the nature of things to expect that Cali
fornia had po weakened under the re
peated naughts of the braves that
its game wcmld be much less vigorous
than in the first half
It whs. but not ?o much bo as to allow
Urn mv,!K'-s to srore, although they were
in California territory in :-.\\ but a f--w
minutes of the time alloted to the half.
Still II lutlfully If It
was not successful in gaining ground.
The Indians set out early to score and
many times were so dangerously near it
that the crowd held its breath and waited
for the grand coup and the savage yell
that announced the lifting of the first
scalp. Again and again the two teams
came together with heavy thuds, falling
in heaps, and after almost every scrim
mage each side had groaning men on the
ground.
It was one of the hardest games th»
ward* of the Government had ever been
against and they* showed it early in the
half by getting, together and holding a
powwow in the center of the field. What
medicine they concocted will never be
known and did not affect the score, al
though it undoubtedly caused a great
many sore spots on the anatomy of Cali
fornia and caused a little later the retire
ment of Smith. The doughty right half
had to be injured twice before he would
consent to retire from the play. More
.took his place. Clay, the left tackle, who
was against Wheelock. the captain of the
bucks, was almost knocked out, but
stayed with the game.
Tlif Indians, a few mlnutqs after Cali
fornia bad loin Smith, were compelled to
r.tir.- the phenomenal Hudson, who had
:•• bruising at the hands
Of the Herkt-K-yites. Roberts took his
place.
Half a dozen times in the last fifteen
minutes the Indians were so dangerously
close to a goal that it seemed that they
could kick it without trouble. Things
looked blue for their opponents, but they
buckled to and did not fall, and with the
ball In the hands of tho redskins on their
30-yard line, the whistle blew and the
gam© was over, the Indians having failed
to add to the fruits of California's first
fumble.
It was a came that even the most en
thusiastic football enthusiasts may not
hope to see the like of in years in any
country.STORY OF THE GREAT BATTLE FROM LINE TO LINE
Jt'ST wo points scored on a safety, and
that was all. Seventy minutes of th«
fiercest, most (Trillins and exdtlni play
ever *een on ■ Western gridiron brousht
the ratacerest eort of a victory- to the
Indians and made California transcendent
Jn whit may aptly be called victorious
defeat. The wise ones cried out before
lh« jame: "Oh. <0-0. with the Indians
next to the 43." Well, it wasn't forty,
r.or *as it a single touchdown: nothing
but ft safety, that solace which Is allowed
.1 tci.ni when Its own Impetus forces the
t<al) behind the enemy"* goal when held
by the enemy.
The preat battle of East and West was
fo isht en a fair field and close to the
eo^eduled time. With a shout and cheer
tl c Indians filed cut of the central optn-
Ji v on the west slile of the field shortly
I ftcr 2 o'clock; and under the guidance
•f Captkla Wheolork performed their first
evolutions agmlsst an atmospheric enemy.
J'ast and saappy ar.d full of gir.ser was
tl.^ir plsrial practice. Sighs went up from
the California bleachers as the yelllnj; en
thuriasts. all r.e<Jork(d with blue ond
K<»M. vatrhod with mipßivlnK the fauit
less action of the redmen. Hut soon after
California's veteran icnm dashed upon »ho
Odd and bepan its preliminary practice.
■
tmed :n th*
■ ■
■
i
Captain Waeeloek it vra? who start ed
lb« hall rolling. The pigskin railed into
ihe air. dropping ir.tn Kaarsbcrg's hands
on California's 'wcnty-flve-yard line. Two
nervous attacks by the blue and gold
brought no r.tlii. and tCaarcberg punted to
llud^'i;;, standing l!w yards on the other
Kido of the center. It we» the India:. s'
J-all and California was now put to th<«
t'si. Fcneca lirst and Miller after him
came with swinging pait and fierce t-n
dravor at the California line, hut there
was no shaking the blue and gold <^ut
popts. The surprise was as grvat to the
Indians as to the California rooters, and
rut end of thouting follow«-d when
"VYheelork was forced to j>unt. Califor
nia's defense was Impregnable.
I <own the tf«id the ball sailed and be
came California* once again. The In
dians were too eager on their toe? to pet
away, end an off Elde play gave <"alifprnia
tea •yardi by way of sift. Smith, "loco
motor." llnc-plur.glne Rround gainer, made
five yards, but the two succeeding at
t»mpts at the Indian fort were repulsed
and Kaarsberg w?s f(jrced to punt.
Smash came Metoxen against the blue
and gold center after the line-up, but not
an inch did he pain. Miller tried It with
the same result, so Wheelock had to punt
once more fur pafety's sake. California's
defense traa like adamant. Another red
man's punt was in order, and the ball was
of bine color on the California twenty
yard line.
Then followed a scries of accident?. The
atr was redolent with an Indian touch
down. Twenty yards from tho gual the
r«dnv?n were at this time and the smell
of victory was In their nostrils. Master*.
the California left end, forgot himself and
be held nis opponent, which is a grievous
football trror and for which his te^m
v\:.s penalized by the loss of the ball.
Th< n was the time ripe for tho Indians
u> rcore, out it was not to be. A Jumble
ajid the . ..:: changed sides, California
««miii;g out of the sea vi fear with vud
<;. iiiy dated hopes. The tragedy of t-r
rura wajs iiot yet over, bowever. Kaurs
bt rg Ma.iling well buck for a laite Kjck
baa biait.ti to run as it to get in tne m
t> M«-reiK-e of bonie irr.agiraiy p»ay. 7ae
ban was parsed, roliea some oistai.ee
ti-'in Oiiiiorj::a"s lull back aud over me
K< ai Una. W'nai did it mean.' vVaa alive,
•a.frt Cajifornia caught luippir.gV 'i ,'io»e
»>r>- jfn "jucStio::s- tnat iiiu«.u through
t.'ie •:...- of all. Bui KaaiMtcri; HitU
bmltu realized what had nMp^ienv-d auu
tii«-y w^re on the ball in a trice, but tlie
. i ■. . .:. cnargcrj. wtie ulunKtriiiig them
uj;li tlu-ir own fotms. It wa.si a saiety.
two points aiid what Cocnraa juio tkeiiy
kiiiti <>n the t»iue lines wa.s not Christn.as
< ..n > '1-riu.iiun.
file iju.il whs bruught out to the £>->•*> id
li;.».- ana KaurhLerg punted to me center
ol iht. flclJ. Aguin me California nne
■nowed us mucuiisinouj quality a::d no
fcal!l^ were n;ativ, »\ hceiocK titiiig lorccd
to punt rfiid ma i>hH t>«.:.)i,gt-u io me b;uc
iuiu gola -j:» Lnetr Juiiy-yaxd imt. 'luen
California took a hai.a at oftenae. rnst
>.iiHh. ilien ii.i.., touowed by ivaajsot-rg
\*vui a-teaxlnx at tnu- 1. .;;.•!..- ana tuieeu
\ jr«is of t«n»tory was covcreu by mcir
>;.i.-iiit!K. bntliant aiiacks. A series uf
Jour tumbles ouiir.j, one piay gave the
b.uc ana noid a tip 10 punt ana Kaa.rsbi.-rg
t< "X iiic .ip. i iici me Indiana tauta>*ed a.
ti.ii; play uo LacKiea but li uruugnt'itiem
naugnt. rn«re never was suc-n aefeadve
■Will* »evn 0:1 tins cuasi .1^ Cauiornia's
bucK.-; d^p!a>c*d. kVneelock puiued and
ti.e « aii Mas blue aim K'-'io. ooce more on
<ji;h;M:liis fortj-yuru iine.- hniuii gaiiis
bui i:ot tnougn lor tne uistante au.-i v
vucomXui line-buck gave the coil uat-K
to < ...-ii.-^.e «in Cauforuta'a Utty-yard une,
AUu«r, tnj Catuste bac-K, ni»u ms necu
iu!uh iwUtod 111 a scrimmage, Woxnbl<
v... m ena piay was oi iuc gatitrntig Kind'
va«i m qtrerytnlns;, and «v cue uouum ul
every heap, was laid iow, but n« went
ijinK to ji.o utbn. wiiu cerce Hptrit. jiiiiis
ptayea like v acinun aa.u Malta and itaii
loutjiu :or every inch, xiut witn uil tms
trie inutans couid nut be Btopprd. iaid
b> jaru, lioni tne Jv to ihu t w line, twai
ti.e *o to the Sit, they came. ".Vow's the
ti.i.i- to noitf," waj» aiiouied from .lie Cal
ll'^lilia Ui.-ai.hels smu me blue and gold
fcuueies uceuea the cry. Vaey aid lIUIU
a I. a :io:ic tco t.OOll lur the thirst i ur
louchao\rn t«Juod was crying the .11:. »
Itu oath. Tarea uusucceskftu unu
gaitJin« trits guv«; ttit bull to CaiUoruia
ai.<i 1 lie sue-u 01 Jcaj waj> reinovcu.
The tide of battle turned at tnis point.
Caiiiornia could not gain by line uucK
itig or end running, and Kuarsberg again
li.-urt«'d to aie j'uiil, out tnio pUijt *aa
one that was stocked with luck for Cali
fornia. Hudson touched the pigskin, but
did noi catch it. J'nngle did, however.
and the ball was Calliornla's. well In the
Ji.dlau territory. There were many old
•slut-liners tfiat thought California would
si-ore, but the piay showed reverse re
.^uits. l^osss after loss followed, until the '
Indians rc-gainc-d liie pigskin on their own
li.i>-y«rd *int*. noon to io»u 11 «j.; a luruble.
And then began v determined, ipultlc
ciutrgv :»y tn«.- «.aliforiiia!is. nail was shot
at Ibe opposing line, Smita went through
th<- cickltm and K-aursberg around the
«-n<ir. ;ilj lor small gains, but they aggre
gated appreciable distances. To the In
dian twenty-Ilve-yard line California car
ried the pigskin, but hero the death knell
was rung, and that was the closest to a
touchdown the blue and gold were at any
time during the game.
The time was font ebbing away and
fpet'dy. lightning work on cither Bide had
10 b«« don>' In order to earn a score. Then
it was that the Indians uncovered their
speed. Like streaks of red they forged
«iown the Held five yards at a time until
they set their tracks on California's thlr
ty-nve-yard line, and here the university
men made an Intrepid stand. Time was
Heeling, so the signal was given for Hud
son to tr>" a drop kick for goal. He tried,
but that famous little field-goal kicker
misled his mark, and the only chance to
c^ort* that half had evanesced. From tho
!lft«»en-yard lino California punted to th«
center and the whistle cut *hort the first
h.ilf with the ball In tho Indians' pos
pession. clows to th« center of the field.
Second Half.
Fierce, dopffed and muscle tearing had
l>«»cn tho work of the first half for both
elevens. California, with Its men trained
none too well, had gone Into the battle
find played grittily without a moments
r«st. So had ■ie Indians, for there was
no let up, no moments of light work for
cither team. Sever was a rest more hun
frrrc-d after than that between the halves.
and never did it produce such wholesome
results. '
The blue and gold lined up on the center
with more heart than when they took
their positions an hour before. They
realized how strong they were la defense,
and at the • t." time did not undervalue
the strength of the opposition, Carlisle
wai< more or leas dumf<»unded st the won
derful vigor of a team they had been
]• d to believe to b© weak compared with
Karicrn standards, but the resolution of
\h» Indiana did not pal© on this account.
All recognized .it once that th« second
KAARSBERG IN A DARING LEAP OVER THE INDIAN LINE.
hair would bo a struggle to the doatli, and
lh.it endurance would be Us measure.
California kicked off to the Indians'
25-yard line. The blue and gold wns cer
tainly not dead, for the Indian advanca
was checked right «her«. and \VI. eloclc
was again forced to punt, and the ball
went to the blue and gold In the center:
but In the next play Hall fumbled, and
on Indian assimilated the. pigskin. Hut
the Indians' phalanx opposition brought
no gain with it. and again the safe-mak
ing punt was resorted to.
California was equally unsuccessful In
offensive play, and Kaarsberg punted to
Hudson. Again California's defense stuck
like glue, and Hudson took another
chance at a field goal, but was far off the
mark.
So the game went, most of it In Califor
nia territory, the Indians making alow
short gains and then being checked In
their advance by the stiffening of Califor
nia's rushers. The ball oscillated back
and forth Ilk© a huge pendulum, llrst on
MM side of the fleld. then the other A
splendid run by Kaarsberg and Smith on
a double pass. Just as Kaarsberg was
tackled, brought out shouts and echoes
from the stands, but it was of no avail
and Kaarsberg was obliged to punt again
and the ball was Indian on the Cali
fornia fifty-yard line. Metoxen, buck-
Ing fullback, known all ever the East as
a marvel of line-damaging propensities,
was brought Into the play, and he gained
where no other man could, but even h<»
was stopped and held up short whenever
California was injected with grU and
ginger. On a forced punt by Wheclock
the ball rolled over th« California goal
line and was = punted back to the center
from the twenty-ttve-yard -line, only to
fall Into the hands of Hudson, who with
good Interference shot through a pack of
blue and gold shirts for twenty yards.
It was now the Indians' ball and the
distance which separated them from Cali
fornia' goal posts was not more than
thlrty-llvo yards. Metoxen dashed through
the lino for live yards and again for three
yards. Then the Indians began attempt
ing some trick work In double passes, but
the local men were on the alert and noth
ing came of it, so punting was resorted to.
Backward and forward the ball moved in
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1899.
[ tho Indian territory. Every time that a
• ouchdown seemed Imminent for the In
1 •.lans California would -spread glue all
over Itself and hold fast as nails. Smith
j was being used up in the fierce work
i forced upon him. but he refused to quit
' the field. Gamely and with determination
the Indians would fight their way from
tho center of the field to the California
thirty and twenty yard lines, but no fur
: ther could they go. All their tactics, all
their stratagem was utilized. Tho Indian
team would shoot over to one side of the
ball and with a tandem Interference they I
i would advance, only to be repulsed at the I
: end. Grilling as the work was. Califor- 1
nia's men stood the brunt of battle, but I
Smith, with weakened ankle, had to be
packed off the field. He was replaced by
Moore, whose punting excelled that of
Kaarsberg. Soon after little Hudson was
carried off the Held amid the cheering of
every man, woman and child on the
j bleachers.
And so the battle waged, nothing ap
proaching it ever having, been seen on
! this cpast. After three successive but
j checked attempts at California's s*oal. the
I Indians secured the boll ' at the center.
Captain Wheelock realized that little
■ could be done unless it were done fast
and he Inspired his men this time. Right
through the center dashed Metoxen for
ten yards and the Indians lined up almost
tho moment he was downed. The tandem
: shoot netted live yards on the right side
of the line, and Metoxen again lessened
the distance. Seneca went at it. "Hold
hold. California," but California did not
hold. To the 20-yard line the red men had
made their ground and clouds began to
rather over the blue and gold bleachers.
Just then i Referee Goodwin blew nis
whistle long and loud. The game of East
and West was over with honors evenly
divided, though Carlisle is labeled the
victor. The teams lined up:
California.- • .■. ■ Positions. Carlisle.
Masters I*— EnO— R Schoulder
Clay Tackle— R Wheelock (rapt.)
drelsberg — Guard— R Warren
j Cornish Center Smith
Athens Guard— L. Red water
rrlnicl« R— Tackle— L Pierce
! W0mb1e.. .".......... R— End— L. ...Rodgors
I Ellis V.«.:;v.:; Quarter ..Hudson, Roberts |
Hall (captain) L— Half— R.. Miller. Johnson
Smith, More R— Half— L Seneca
Kaarsberg Fullback Metoxen
OfflciaU: Referee— W. B. Gnodwtn of Beattle.
Tmplro— Benjamin Dlbblee of California, ex
captain Harvard "9?. Linesman— O. E. Rodifers
of Cornell "96. Assistant linesmen — Substitutes
from both teams. Timekeepers— W*. O. Thomp
son for Indians. Everett J. Brown of Oakland
for Berkeley.
Time of game — Thlrty-flve-mlnute halves.
Bcor*— Carlisle 2. California 0.
GOSSIP OF THE GAME.
Immediately after the game the mem
bers of the Carlisle team went to their
1 rooms at. the Palace.- The men were tired
from their exertions and many had sore
spots. Nearly every one of the redskins
complained . of the softness of the field
and the largeness of the ball. They
dubbed the pigskin the "California pump
kin" and claimed it caused the many fum
bles which occurred on their side.
MANAGER THOMPSON of the Indiana
was rather put out over the result of the
game. Ha- .-uid he would be willing to bet
his ;•*•■■,.■* salary that the Indians could
defeat tho California team by a score of
40 to 0 i>u a. t^rder Held.
COACH WARNER thought that the
long railroad Journey had something to do
with the showing made by the Carllsles.
lie also complained that the Held was too
soft and retarded the Indians' work. He
spoku highly of the California team and
tnought Its standard of playing was on a
par with the best Eastern teams.
The members of the California team
took off the evidences of a hard battle at
tho Grand Hotel. They wero a jubilant
lot of players despite physical soreness.
Pringle and Smith were put to bed on ar
riving at the hotel, but «lid not stay long
under cover. Prlngle's right too bothered
him considerably, and to relieve the pain
he had one of his fellow players take a
sharft, knife and bore into the nail for the
purpose of letting out the blood. He
showed as much grit during the painful
operation as he has done during his whole
football career.
AL LEAN, the team's trainer, was as
happy as a lark. He flitted around the
men administering to their wants, patting
them on the back for their good work and
acting like a man who felt satisfied." He
said that the men wont into the game in
ns good condition as on Thanksgiving day
Ho thinks that the week's rest was bene
ficial to the eleven; that they went into
the game . stronger and played with
greater vim than ever before. He said It
taught him that too much work shows on
a team, and in. future: he will see that
players are given more rest. He half re
gretfully stated that yesterday's contest
severed his connection with the Berkeley
team . . : ■.;:_,.•<•;■ ;-v.--
BENJAMIX IDE WHEELER, president
of the University of California, was much
pleased with the showing made by the
representatives of the university. He said
that at the close of the Stanford-Berkeley
game Thanksgiving day he came to the
conclusion that the standard of play in
vogue here was a? good us in the East.
He thought both teams put up fine foot
ball In yesterday's game, and was much
pleased with the gentlemanly way all con
cerned played the game. He to!d of a con
versation he had with Coach Warner, dur
ing which the latter said that California
would rank with the best teams of the
East.
GARRT COCHRA2C waa non-commlt-
tal. All he would say wa* that both
teams put up good football, and that the
Indlans would not have scored but for Hie
mistakes In signals In the first half. He
th^?^ t iT h S^r^ ( v to ° much fumbling.
COACH KELLY was extremely happy
over the result of the contest. Owing to
the injuries Cochran sustained while
Srenuna Stock v^»* . . ~~~1 Kris Krlngle never had a happier Idea
rv\fl W" *•».».. ** w " W| / than the one which prompted him to act as
i»mnti A VALUABLE PRESENT I distributor of stock for the Sterling OH and
AMn ii — " ■ — . I Development Company, for he will bestow
r^rtv \LL OI&TRjBtm; tW^P*>c— J * Kin that not only has a PRESENT
— ou/tr TjgJMjV- .VALUE but one which has the possibilities
'^^\ T^^^l — ■ /->Wml\ ' or a FUTURE VALUE many times greater
' .^^^^i *^Vk /3^ r nl»Y There Is a guarantee of honest manax*-
C^-- | t,"t v J»%».{ '"-*^*^JL nient behind every share of stock issued by
\\ 9& v -t** *\Cd£. Tv%C*^ T th! " company. We are operating en PAT-
\\ * Of rt i \TVCKc<a\ V* ENTKD LAND with OIL WELLS ADJOIN-
U^t^TNV ~ \lUiiN ING— NOT MILES AWAY. Subscribed
W^X** » » ** JW 1^ — * stock held In escrow; only treasury stock for
\V"l.»\_ »«CNi\\ I / l ' ale ' of which a limited amount Is offered
vOviftr \\ l> l ,■■/ for 50 CENTS per share. Derrick No. l now
\\T\t^*-Vr «\\ TlCiTUlirmSA b " erected. MSTI'D ON THE CALI-
■-V.',;- \V V** CO- o* \Lg|ltllll't'»>\ FORNI A OIL EXCHANGE. Pro«pectu«
vl H o * V mvts3\ y\ and map for the asltJn *-
f^^^STMGOIUNO ]
DEVELOPMENT CO,
(sflp^^ S> *"A&!Ci 35-36 Crocker Building, Third
Ffoor. .
DIRECTORS: W. S. GAGE. President; J. A. BUNTING Vice Pre«Menf t n
HAMPTON. N. K. MASTEN. H. H. BLOOD cu^ Ai^^. > '« President; J. C.
.-. % G. H. BAIRD, Resident Agent. Box 2SO. MarysTllle. CaL
practicing with the Varsity the duties of
coaching the college men devolved on
him, and the showing they made against
the famous redmen greatly pleased him.
He said: "California certainly did her
self proud to-day. The Indiana have no
excuses to offer. They put up as hard ■
Kii.ni>' as I hav<? seen them play. In my
opinion the ground did not retard their
action. They were as fast in the move
ments as in previous games. The Berke
ley team could give any of th» Eastern
elevens a hard rub. Womble played one
of the best games at end that I have ever
seen on the field. I think Metoxen and
Hudson played the game for the Indlarv
The former's line bucking was a marvel
, to the local men. The entire California
team deserves great praise- for the splen
i did showing they made "
i BEN DIBBLKE, ex-captain of the Har
, yard team of '98 and umpire in yester-
I
Continued on Page Eleven-
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
FREE TO SUFFERERS.
The New Oure for Kidney. Bladder and
Urio Aoid Troubles.
Almost evtrybody who read* the
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful cures made by Dr. Kilmer'*
> Swamp- Root, the great kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
i nineteenth century; discovered after
i years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
, mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
' specialist, and is wonderfully suc^
in promptly curing kidney, liver, blad-
i der and uric acid troubles.
, Swamp- Root has been tested in M
I many ways, in hospital work, in pnv it-
practice, among the helpless too poor
to purchase relief, and has prove. 1 M
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The S™ Francisco Daily
Call who have not alren.ly tnr-l it miy
have a sample bottle sent free by mail
a!-=o ■ book telling more about Swamp-
Root and how to find out if you have
| kidney or bladder trouble When writ-
ing mention reading tins generous offer
in The San Francisco Daily Call and
send your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co .
Binghamton. N V The regular fifty
cent and one dollar sizes are sold by il!
first-class drag]
?VRGHY IS HEALTHFUL! %
♦ t5& A NatnTal Miaw » l w »*« 6
O *' lth medicinal qualities. O
0 iflL or Itdige«tioa &ni o
2 'vV' a Stomaoh Di«ordtr». O
s iM^* 50 ** 110 * vichy 1
♦ r^l^^S IN SIPHONS o
|^^!ii!?- T iriCHY|
% W^jj^ij Get the Genulns %
iJHVICHY
o m w\ "•♦" "^ -j^Vi y fji bAg
0 A. VIGNIER. Distributing Agßn*t
«O«O«O«0«O«0*b»u«O«O«O«O«0«
Dr. Meyers & Co. I
Men only. Pay when well. No In- {■
curable cases taken, fidvice and pri- H
vate booK free, office or mall, Home H
cures. Letters confldeotlal. 731 Market H
St.. S. F- Take elevator to third floor ■
[T^TTTIGFNTLESIEN,
[I nY IS READ TH ? FOLLOW.
1 kkkWwMW Dm j. urn.
Ton THE "Phro*> Mf« Co.. B«h
roK '" nlcl*. OU. -Oentlemen:
fAM JII CVIAII IncloM<s fln <l »*• O. mow/
CDMPisSuOH
TWO TIVTS It !■ th. remedy out
FLESHY WHITt of «bout ten *h*t I nave-
0HJ9910 A»k> m U8e(1 after » n * T lnc. as
PHROSO MFC CO. tn » skin on my face is
DINICiA.CAI v»ry soft. Respectfully
I I youra. A. NELSON."
HALL'S BEINYIGORATOR
jJIBfYErF Five hundrsil reward for any
Ijf^ 1 *^2t case wo cannot cur*. This secret
t.l -• . Ij remedy stops all losses In **
StZ it. I hour». cures Emissions. Imp<>-
IriM PmTTj tercy, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
1 SBi UXf Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lo*t
I"^JW Manhood and all wasting; effort*
' — — ' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
: sealed. 12 bottle; 3 bottles. IS; guaranteed tv
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN
STITUTE. <* liroadway, Oakland. Cal. Alii
for tale at 1073H Market it.. 8. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book,
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
— THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. CALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. U3S. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to th«
I Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
! fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
(10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
, per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
i Ca«h Market \>!i:. or ait stock* and
Honda owned by Company tCu,2B3 V)
Cash in Company** Otßc* 113 33
Cash in Bank* tU.MO II
i I«i'«r»»r due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loan* t.Sts f 7
Premluma in da* Course, of Collection. 74.723 33
Total AMti jy» M 7 m
I>IABU>ITTKa. "
Losses In proeesa of Adjustment or
In Suspense ......... j:j.mn
Losses resisted. Including expenses 3.30 00
Grosa premiums on Kir- Risks run-
nine one y*ar or leas. {355.&83 81: re-
insurance (0 per cent 14). 191 it
Gross premiums on Ftre Risks ran-
nine more than one year. 137.410 S3:
re-lasurance pro rats. SS.SIS n
Dua and aocrued fcr salaries, rent.
etc tun
Ail other demands against the com-
p»«>r •••• M.444 17
Total UabUttlee mmum 3387 U4 M
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $343,317 S3
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 23.339 IT
Total Income ........................ 1371,571 c<
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding 137. 03, losses of previous
years) |Uf.Mf 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
brokerage K.MS (4
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks. etc I.M* M
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes 12.11) 01
All other payments and expenditures.. 15. 414 71
Total Expenditures DM U
Fir*.
Losses Incurred during; to* year 1174.914 M
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk*. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during: the
year tCO.SMUI3 34Ti.no 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during; the
year . v 4».4K.K3 434.X0S ■
Net amount In force
December 31. 15M.... 3*. 43.871 373 M 3 33
PA.ML. R. WEED.
of Weed A Kennedy. Manager*.
Subscribed and nwcm to before me. this »ta
day of January. ISM.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California.
SYZ <& CO,
GENERAL AGENTS.
301 California Street.
34
YULETIDE AT
NATIONS CAPITAL
President Spends Very
Quiet Day.
NO CALLERS AT WHITE HOUSE
THOUSAIJDS OF POOS FED IN
NEW YORK.
: i Army Very Successfully
Conducts a Monster Feast in
Madison Square
Garden.
Spactal IM*i\a.toh to Th« Call.
. • .. ■ • ■
-.
■
r the
Services were* held In many churches,
mid as th<» dinner hour approached the
:!!<■. is \\<re deserted.
■
•
n the
i
■
In all the public institutions the inmates
were generously provide with Christmas
cherr by thu authorities. The newsboys
came In for th« lr *hnro of good thlrgs ;it
Uraco Memorial Hall and various other
places. Every Sunday school in the city
either had ti!« Christmas troo or will have
it* festivities to-nlKht or some time this
week. Many of th«i public pehool classes
:«r<* holding exercises to-day in various
halls.
owing to Christmas having fallen on
Monday, an opportunity was afforded
l«ccip!« to leave town, and many took ad
xantage of the occasion. It is reported
l>y tho railroads that tho out-of-town
travel on Saturday was unprecedented,
and the incoming traflic of country visit
ors Btrms to have been, as great. At tho
theaters it is reported that the demand
for Mats exceeds that of last year, and
Christmas performances F«*«*m to ho as
popular now as the proverbial panto
mimes of years ago in Ylngland.
■
:
■
■
VICTOrtIA'S CHRISTMAS
SPENT AT WINDSOR
LONDON*. Dor. S.-For the f!r*t time In !
thirteen year* Queen Victoria nnd the r>'y- 1
ul family passed Christmas day at Wind- i
t-or. The Duke a!i<! Duchess of Connau^nt j
enil th<- children of Princess Henry <if Uat- ;
tenberg atra of the party. N'.'t only was:
there, a. baron of beet arranged, but there, j
was :i!s<> a magnificent Christmas tree. >
with many colored candles, for the chil- I
drt-n. iv which the guwn «vinced the '
greatest Interest It was. in fact, her j
cxpros desire that the grandchildren wh<» i
rcafher.M around her to-day should not
have their Christmas marred by the !
events which have ••addened h*T nwn '
hr:m. and the festivities ut Windsor Cas- |
tie. though tircred with Fcdness, such as i
Ulls nJI ICnplMi heart*, carried no suc
pestion «.f sorrow to the children, who !
Kladden^d tho Qu'^en's presence with the '
solace she is always able to find In the
companionship of her youngest descend
ants.
The keynote to the festivities at "Wind
sor to-day wa.« the Qu^n's unalterable
devotion to and faith In that empire which
she believes will ultimately achieve th*» !
highest aims ,-in.l ambition of her unsellisb 1
re win. .
KAISER WILLIAM
ENJOYS THE DAY
• " Llllam
■
Christmas in Havana.
TTA . the stores In
.■ ■ ■
Pears*
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shavin Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
pearcd with the usual editions. Band!
played on the prado. Americans pent ral
ly visited friends, most of thoso havng
families hero giving dinners ar.d Invit
ing others of. their acquaintance. Gen
eral Leonard Wood dined with Captain L.
M. Young, commander of the port, and
Mr*. Younpr. It was remarked that seven
of . the, party dined together on Christmas
day last year In Santiago.
SCHEME TO GAIN A
POLITICAL APPOINTMENT
Discovery That Underhand Methods
Will Be Employed by Friends
of W. J. Treanor.
SAN -H has
■ ■
■
• :■-> the
: which. If suc
tralffht-
■ -m*nt. Th ■• • Is to
: visors at
tho meeting MXt the name of
. and
to oli" . uintment. Th.
n a-p
d onl
r vir
. with
night,
■
■
mnon,
.
threw
-
■
: Into
I
i for
his of
■
■
g the
■
SUPPOSEDLY DEAD, BUT
SAYS HE IS ALIVE
Telegram Signed "Aaron Wolfsohn''
Orders Release of Money Paid
for Life Insurance.
A telegram
laron Wolf
■
.5 and pur
:
.
: that ihu
m the man
i
'•CHICAGO. Dec. 24. ISO 9.
"C. G. Kellogc, Public Administrator,
I -os Angeles, CaL: I am alive. I order
you to release tho money paid you by
New York I^lfo Insurance Company ini
modiately. 1 sign this telegram in the
presence of threo witnesses — my broth
er-in-law, my uncle and the company's
attorney, Edward O'Bryan.
"AARON WOLFSOHN."
Nothing has been heard directly from
Edward O'Hryan. the insurance" com
pany's attorney, in confirmation of the
statement that wolfsohn Bent such a dis
patch in his presence. The Public Ad
ministrator will not return the money un
til an order of the court has been ob
tained that will relieve him of all per
sonal responsibility for Its safe keeping.
S. a D. Jones, the agent of the com
pany, is much perturbed over this mes
sage, as It in he who placed the insurance,
upon a man who is dead and who ldenti
fied the suicide as the assured. Jones is
now determined to offer hjs opposition to
the payment of the money and he will
demand that if the Chicago \Volfsohn Is
the proper man he must como to Ijos An
jrelcs to face the witnesses who knew th«>
Wolfsohn that is buried, including' Mr?.
O'Uri«'n of San. Francisco, who came here,
identified tho dead man and paid the ex
penses of tho funeral.
DAY OF CRIME IN
CITY OF DALLAS, TEXAS
Six Shooting Affrays, Resulting in
Two Fatalities, and Probably
the List Will Grow.
DALLAS. Dee. 25— Dallas has not
known so many bloody affrays on Christ
mas In many years as have been recorded
last night and to-day.
Charles Miller shot Walter Meyers dead
Jn the street and lied. He Furrendered to
day and claims he shot in self-defence.
Albert Hall got Into a quarrel with two
brothers named Edward and Murray Ce
cil and. Phut them both. Kdward is re
ported dyiiiff to-niffht. Murray will re
cover. Hall is a fugitive.
A nrgro. name not known to the police,
partially wrecked a Chinese restaurant on
Krvay street with a dynamite cracker. He
returned to-night nmi hit tho Chinaman.
Dock Coun, on tho head with a brick. An
the Chinaman turned to p«'t a pistol tho
negro ran away. The. Chinaman fired
upon the first nepro in slight and killed
Jeff Thomas, an Innocent bystander. The
Chinaman is in jail.
John McMillan and Clay Patton are «=uf
ferinj? from bullet wounds and Z. Phillips
had a I»>K broken In thr««e places by a
bullet. They ar«- white men and were at
tacked in different parts of the city by
men who escaped and whose identity is
not known to the police.
LINCOLN ILLUMINATED.
New Electric Light System Put in
Operation Christmas.
■ :• otiic
lighting system ro
-
• . . ■
■ ■ ■ ■■• ..iUltly
The current Is supplied from the Racra"
mento line of the Yuba Power Company,
which recently completed an lmmenso
power house at Colgate, Yuba County, for
the i>urixj.M- of furr.'shing lljjht and power
for the cltlos of Sacramento. Miirysville,
Oroville. I frowns Yalloy, Nevada City and
Grass Valley. This company has HO
miles of transmission linrs. the longest
loop cf which is the Sacramento line of
tixty-rtve miles which supplies this city.
DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Spring Vnlley Water Camp Damaged
to the Extent of S2OOO.
SUNOL. Doc. 25.— Spring Valley Wa
ter Company camp 1, consisting of bunk
houfcs and a largo storehouse containing
fnmc $."5000 worth of machinery and tools,
mv flcs>troy«<l by lire at 8:r>0 a. m. to-day.
A pilo of straw and rubbish had been
burned on Sunday directly In front of
the buildings, «Cnd- was still smoldering
this morning. wh«n a sharp north wind
cprattfi up and carried th esparks Into
the camp. Soon tho buildings were
wrapped In flamfT. Considerable prop
erty was raved. The total loss is about
J2OUJ..
RELIEF FOB, SUFFERERS.
Widows of Carbonado Miners Given
Five Hundred Dollars Each.
TACOMA. Dee. 23.— A Lodger special
from Carbonado says: The Carbonado
Hill Company gave $500 to ench widow
and $100 to each child of a miner killed In
tho explosion of December 8. Mothers de
pendent upon lnj»t sons for support were
treated on the same batis as widows. The
donation of -the company represents a
total <>t about $10,001. .Relief fund con
tributions from all.part 3of the State
will amount to a large sura.
WILDE MAY FIGHT A DUEL.
Quarrels With a Frenchman and
Cards Are Exchanged.
Vil.l.- who has
tor s< ' may
••1 in
nt la«l even
tO -M. Hi'!., i. t!.. . rp | . r< _ r and _.
m. r«eult cards were cxchaj.std. '
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1899.
LAST RITES OVER
THE MAINE'S DEAD
Funeral to Take Place
on Thursday.
TEXAS AT NEWPORT NEWS
BRINGS THE BODIES OF THOSE
WHO PERISHED.
President McKinley and the Cabinet
to Attend the Burial Services
at Arlington Ceme
tery.
Special to The Call.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va.. Dec. 23.—
battleship Texas, ! in command of Cap
tain Sigsbee, arrived hero shortly before
noon to-day with the remains of the men
. who lost their lives by the destruction of
the battleship * Maine In Havana harbor.
1 The bodies which were brought up on the
Texas ■. ... be transferred to a Cnesapeako
and Ohio train to-morrow at 12 o'clock
j and will be taken to Washington for in
terment In Arlington cemetery next
Thursday.
The Texas left Havana last Thursday.
Sfce encountered a gale off Hatteras, but
had good weather until she reached that
point. She anchored in Lynn Ht»ven Bay
last night and came up to Old Point this
morning. After the quarantine regula
tions had been complied with she cam* to
this city. Chaplain Chidwlck, who was
chaplain of the Maine, is In charge of
the dead, and will accompany them to
Washington. No more than a score of
the bodies on the Texas were identified.
The names of these are inscribed on the
coftlns which inclose them.
There v.ere no ceremonies here to-diy
In honor of the arrival of the Maine's
dead, but Impressive exercises will take,
place to-morrow, when tho bodies are
transferred from the ship to the train.
The funeral train will arrive in Washing
ton to-morrow at midnight.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— The remains
of the dead of tho battleship Maine will
arrive her* to-morrow and be Interred
at Arlington cemetery on Thursday at 11
o'clock in the presence of President Mc-
Kinley, members of his Cabinet and a
large contingent of army and navy officers
and others. The funeral rites over tho
dead will bo performed by Chaplain,
Chidwick who was attached to the bat
tleship when it was blown up In Havana. !
The Chaplain of the naval academy will i
assist him. A pretty grassy knoll near
where the Eantiajro dead rest ha.; been
selected as tbfl lijutl abiding placo of the
remains of the dead seamen. Relatives
and friends have claimed twenty-one of
the bodies and will give them private in
terment under an arrangement with the
Navy Department, which ha& taken
charge of tho burial of all of the bodies,
either unidentified or unclaimed.
Assistant Secretary Allen, In explaining
the course of the department, paid:
"It is the desire of Secretary Long that
tho wishes of all the relatives of those
who died on the Maine to give them pri
vate burial be •■::•: with, and Chap
lain Chidwick, who superintended the dls
interment of the bodies, was Instructed
to prepare a list of the identified remains
in order that this might be done. There
are 166 caskets and many of them contain
tho bodies which have been identified and
Will be Rent to those who claimed them.
The unidentified and unclaimed bodies
will be burled at Arlington and the graves
of those identified will bo marked by
head stones."
VAINLY SEEKS HIS
STOLEN DAUGHTER
A Guatemala Planter's
Sad Quest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— Chandler T. Harris
had hoped Christmas morning would see
him reunited with his nine-year-old
daughter, Helolse, who was kidnaped
from his home In Guatemala two years
ago. He expected to lind Helolse in Chi
cago last night. He had information from
the detectives who have worked on. tho
case since her disappearance that she had
been in Chicago recently, but a visit last
niKht to the place where she was sup
posed to have been brought out the fact
that the child's abductor, who Is believed
to be a variety' actress and former gover
ness at the Harris home had left tho city.
Harris arrived in Chicago last night,
coming at the telegraphic request of his
New I'ork attorneys. At the Chicago
avenue police station Harris' representa
tive told Lieutenant Cudmore the story
of the theft of the child.
Harris is a coffee planter, whose plan
tation is near tho city of Guatemala. He
went there cix years ago from New York
City. Two years ago a woman applied at
the Harris homo for a position of gov
erness. She said she was an uctress and
was stranded there. lir-in? an American
in a strange, country. Mrs. Harris took
compassion on her and gave her employ
ment.
: ±: weeks Later the governess and
■appeared. After th.-ir dlsap
• irn. il that the gov
and child made their way to Lfoer
■ ilvador, wh.-re they took piujsaKo
for New York. th<>
•it as cook. Tho passage
iro md Cap* Horn, and accordln™ to
Harris" private detectives
by The captain of tho vc-.-t;>-l the i
of til..- shtjp was stormy and fraught with
main • Iventures, The motive for
the theft for ;i long time was a mystery.
the detectives w..rkiritr on a hypothesis <>!'
m. "\Vh>-u th^ truo conultlon of af
thai tli> child liad been stolen on
int of her dramatic ability— was con
. by Mrs. Harris search was instl-
Rport towns, leading to the dis
covery of the ship's captain who had em
■\n.
Tn th« canvass of the music halls and
ill*- houses in New York traces of
the woman and child were- found. From
ductor and the child were
follow Mr. Harris and the
a woman went to San
: ■ ••! th» re nnil ii ft for the Pa
■ 'oast 'in th<- Hurlln^ton fast mail
thla mornlnfc.
FRENCH COAL MINERS
WILL GO ON STRIKE
Movement That May Result in a
Walkout of Fifty Thousand
Men.
PARIS. Dec. 23.— At a meeting of 2300
miners held to-day in St. BtleniM a reso
lution was adopted in favor of declaring
a general strike In the coal basin of the
Loire to-morrow. A similar movement
involving 50,000 men is feared. The pros
perity of the coal trade led the miners to
demand an increase in wages, shorter
hours and a formal recognition of the
Miners' Federation by the companies. The
latter made an offer of 5 per cent Increase
but this was refused. To-day's decision
was reached amid cries of "Vive la
Grieve."
Disorders are expected. Already there
have been slight disturbances, particu
larly last evening, when the miners went
in procession through the streets of St.
Etienne singing the "Carmagnoje."
Twelve thousand five hundred Ince
workers are on strike at St. Etionne for
higher wagfs. Their Idleness Involves
that of 25.000 other dependent workmen,
making, with the miners, if the coal strike
Hpreads as is expected, nearly 100,000.
Moreover, a number of factories and
works will soon be compelled <to close,
owing to the coal shortage.
Pauper Ends His Life.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— Charles M.«-
Connell. a pauper at the County Farm,
committed suicide this morning by cut
ting an artery In his groin. The man was
nbout CS years of age. He had been at the
farm for five or six yearn and had no
known relatives.
RELIEF WORK
IN PORTO RICO
Government Makes Pub
lie a Report.
GREAT DEAL ACCOMPLISHED
•
HOWEVER, THOUSANDS YET
FACE STARVATION.
»
As a Result of the Recent Cyclones
Ruined Farmers Must Be Pro
vided With Neces
sities.
Pperia! Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 25.— Tho War De
partment made public to-day a statement
showing the progress made In relief work
In the Island of Porto Rico between Sep
tember 25 and November 30, 1599. The
population of the Island Is estimated at
918.920. The average dally indigent was
221,087 persons; average weekly sick. 17,372,
an.l the average weekly deaths 632 per
sons. The annual death rate was 35 per
thousand inhabitants, while the normal
rate was 2G to 1000 inhabitants. The in
creased mortality was conlined to the
mountain districts, where in somo locali
ties the death rate increased 300 per cent.
The amount of cash received for the re
lief of the suffering people of the island
up to November 30 was $15,224. The
amount of money disbursed up to tho date
mentioned was $7457.
Up to November 30 the total amount of
food received to relieve the sufferers was
17.1C2.738 pounds. Of this amount 16.545.316
pounds had been issued up to November
10. The amount of unissued food on hand
at San Juan November 30 waa 611,
pounds.
it was some weeks after the hurricane
before the mental and physical energies
of the stricken people began to rally from
the shock of the disaster. They were
without ready money and were brought
face to face with starvation. While the
damage inflicted upon the peoplo along
the coast of the island was very great,
it was in part offset by the Improvement
in the. sugar cane crop, which improve
ment was the result ox the overflow of
water on the. cane land. The crop en
abled the planters to borrow money with
which to employ the necessary labor to
care for and harvest tho crop. The cities
along the coast were also able to come to
the rescue by the employment of labor
to repair the damage Inflicted by the
storm, in consequence of these facts
supplies have gradually been suspended
in the lowlands, except in limited quan
tities to the chronic poor. The coffee
plantations are located in the uplands,
Here the high winds swept everything in
their course, leaving little or nothing for
the thousands of hungry. homeless,
clotbesless human beings but their lives
and what could be given them to prevent
starvation. The prompt action of the
Americans and the people of tho island
was all that prevented a terrible catas
trophe. The poor were fed and their live*
were preserved. Although a large part
of the island is no longer in danger, the
number of indigent remains large. It is
believed that until February next tho de
mand for assistance Is likely to Increase
In the mountain districts, as the planta-f
tlons and bananas will not be rfpo for
two months to come. The greatest dis
tress prevails in a locality where the
greatest difficulty Is found in getting food
to the starving.
The worst area contains a population of
about 250,000, and not a wagon road Is to
be found in any direction over which food
can bo transported. All food is carried on
the backs of horses. Of this population
200,000 people must be fed or -they will
starve. If not fed at home they will mi
grate to the cities, leaving the weak to
die. Their work will be left undone and
their future will bo hopeless.
Pestilence, which frequently follows
flood and famine, has appeared among the
unfortunate inhabitants in the mountain
districts, and a number of peopli have
perished. It la feared that the epidem.c
will spread to the coasts, and there will
be a movement from the mountains in
that direction. A move of this kind has
already been anticipated and Is being
Strictly controlled. Hut the relief must be
continued freely in the mountain districts
for all of December and January and dur
ing the greater part of February. .
It la estimated that not less than 20<XI ad
ditional tons of food will be required.
Four-sevenths should be beans, and the
remainder of the amount required should
be either codfish or bacon. With the
food already issued and now on hand, and
with the -■■'■' tons required in addition to
that already issued, the total issue will be.
20.1C2.758 pounds.
In dealing with the Indigent, able-bodied
men have been required to work for the
food they received, and a great deal of
public work has been done in the way of
cleaning towns, repairing roads, etc. A
plan has been devised between tho board
of charities and the needy planters and
their servants by which the. board fur
nishes food to the planters for the num
ber of servants In their families. in re
turn for this aid the planters sign an
agreement to furnish a small parcel of
land and a house to each family, which
land they are to see prepared and seeded
with food plants. The planters are also
to Bee that the laborers and their fami
lies are supplied with the food issued, and
that tho laborer performs a full days
work In return. The planters further
agree to furnish transportation of the
food.
BELASCO'S COMEDY
SCORES A SUCCESS
Auspicious First Production of
"Naughty Anthony" in a
Washington Theater.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— David Belasco
■cored a success to-night In a new line
of work as a playwright, coming out as
a producer of comedy instead of a maker
of highly dramatic plays. "Naughty
Anthony, the name of his new produc
tion. Is far removed in style and theme
from "The Heart of Maryland" and
"Zasa." Its first presentation was given
at the Columbia Theater in this city to
night, and at ii« close the audience, which
filled the house, gave the playwright an
ovation, while at the end of the second act
It insisted . upon a speech from Mr.
Belasco. .
The. play is a straight comedy, and, al
though the title rniKlit Imply otherwise,
there is nothing of either suggestlveness
or horse play about It. It depends for
its drawing powers upon the cleverness
of itß lines and the amusing situations de
veloped. The cast was selected by Mr.
Belasco, who Is backing the play hlm
eelf, and Includes Blanche Bates. W. L.
Lemoyne. Frank Worthing ana other
capable artists.
— •
MINER COMMITS A
MURDER WANTONLY
Without Apparent Provocation Ed
ward Gilinan Shoots Dan Sul
livan of Butte.
BUTTE. Dec. 25.— Dan Sullivan, a miner.
was shot through the heart and almost
instantly killed by Edward Gilman, an
other miner, to-night. Tho affair took
place In the dry room at their boarding
house In Dublin Gulch. Several other
miners were present, and all agreed there
was no quarrel. Oilman gave himself up
and refused to tell why he committed the'
deed. He claims his father is a banker
in Hamburg, lowa. Oilman has been here
about six months. He is 31 years of age.
His victim was 26.
COLE'S PLAN OF ACTION.
Awaits the Warrant From Boston
Before Doing Anything.
, LOS ANGELES, Dec 25.— attorney
for Charles H. Cole, formerly president of
the Globe Bank of Boston and now being
detained here on a charge of embezzle
ment, said to-day that his client will re
main hero and that no move is contem
plated until the complaint now on the way
from Boston Is received here and tho war
rant Issued and served. The character of
the complaint, he says, will determine the
action he will tAke, though it is probable
habeas corpus proceedings will 'be tried,
Mr. Colo is living quietly with his wife
and son at the Van Nuys. He refuses to
be interviewed and refers all who call to
iiis attorney.
BITTER FIGHT WAGED
ON CHRISTMAS DAY
T. B. Presho Insults a Young Lady
and Is Given a Thrashing by
Two Young Men.
SAX JOSE, Dec. ML— A four-cornered
fight. That bad its starting at the door of
Trinity Episcopal Church just as the
Christmas services were over, occurred
to-day as the result of a long legal con
test that was waged over the ponwslon
'iild. Thomas B. Presho was badly
. and a. if. Gray, a schoolteacher
employed at Monlo Park, and Herbert
Graham were landed in jail on charges of
battery.
Fresno's wife died in 1*97 and left the
-irl baby In ] in of tier
Miss Juliet Burns, a schoolteacher <>f this
city. Presho tried to obtain j
sion of the child, but was only su> ■
alter he took the matter Into the court.
Presho and his child attended Trinity
Church to-day, as did also Miss Burns
und Mrs. Gray. As ! I his little
girl w< re leaving the church Mlsa Burns
spoke to the child and attempted to ki ■■•»
her. PresbO Oi i it is claimed
applied a vile epithet to Miss Burns.
Graham and Gray were present and
threatened to whin him. Presho •
for a policeman and I I ser es
cort him lmm. An hour later Gray and
Graham went to Presho'fl home and gave
him a-sev< . ting, His head
fully cut and bruised and his face
until both eyes were closed and it pre
sented a horrible sight.
Mat Presho, a brother, went to the aid
of the assaulted man and was also beat
en. The while neighborhood was alarmed
and the police with a patrol wagon an
swered a summons that -said murder had
been committed.
Gray rind linham were arrested, but
were subsequently released on $50 bail.
BRILLIANT WEDDING
IN THE GARDEN CITY
Miss Ada Jane Winans, a Social
Belle, and Attorney Frank Wil
lard Kimball Married.
PAN JOSH, Dec. 25.— Tho marriage of
Attorney Frank Willard Klmball of San
Francisco and Miss Ada Jane Winans of
this city, as previously announced, waa
solemnized to-day at high noon at tho
home of the bride's mother, Mrs, Alice
K. Winans. Rev. Dr. Alfred Kummer,
pastor of the First M. X Church, ofn-
The wedding ceremony was elaborate
i and Impressive throughout, the ring s> rv
lance with the
full ritual of the Methodist church. Bmi
i lax. holly, mist n, feathery
i bamboo and white roses formed ti
ns. The bride w lUtlful
, gown ..f nun's veiling trimmed with taf
feta silk and chiffon, and She i
white carnations, maidenhair ferns and
orange blossoms. After the wedding cere
mony was performed a wedding dinner
ws i sen i •!.
The bride and groom were thr> recipients
of many beautiful presents and congratu
latory messages from var :'ids of
the country. The bride is one of San
Jose's most beautiful and talented ladies
and a popular favorite. Mr. Klmball is
a prominent young attorney and politi
cian. After January 1 Mr. and Mrs. Klm
ball will be at homo to friends at 7 Hyde
street. San Francisco.
POKER GAME DISPUTE
LEADS TO A MURDER
Kentuckian Kills an Illinois Farm
Employe and Is Threatened
With Lynching.
CLINTON. IM., Dec. 2.".— At Weldon,
ten miles southeast of here, Harry Sum
mers Jr., of Weldon, a carpenter, and
"Doc" Mircum, a farmhand in Piatt
County, engaged in a quarrel In a poker
room. Manum shot and killed Summers.
Marcum, who was drunk at the time ot
the killing, is a Kentuckian and al
years old. His victim w;.
of age. He had a family. Marcum is un
married, ami h.-ts been In w. Idon but once
before. He was placed In Jail here this
afternoon.
Weldon has about 600 population, and Is
the town in which Postmaster John A.
Pace killed ll. n. William H. Taylor on
. Tho citizens were great
1> excited, and Marcum was hurri .
Clinton, as it was feared that an at
tempt would be made to lynch htm. It
is not known whether he has relatives in
Piatt County.
PLEAS FOR STATEHOOD
BEING INVESTIGATED
Congressional Committee Being En-
tertained by Citizens of New
Mexico and Arizona.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M. Dec. :.'.—Sen
ators Shoup nnd <"iark. General Alns-
WOTth ami Land Commis ;!■!:• r Hermann,
forming a committ
....
admission to Rl ng an
enthusiastic reception fr^m t>,.
of this Territory. At R I
. • they were dint I
driven over the cities. 1 • Lr to
ho grratlv Impressed with the unanimity
of sentiment in New Mexico in favor of
Statehood ar;d giv.-- assu ■ ■ fa
vorable report in thi* matter to Coi
The party went westward in a »\ cial
train over the Banta P*e road to-i -in.
Similar visits will bo paid the cities
towns of Arizona.
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
BY HIS OWN GUN
Coroner Long Concludes the Inquest
Over the Body of Jose Occhora,
Who Shot Himself.
FRESNO. Doc. 25.— Coroner Long has
returned from Firebaugh. where he held
an inquest on the body of Jose Mora
recently from Hanford. Occhora went
out with two companion! and about four
milrs from the village descended from the
wagon to pursue a wildcat in a patch of
underbrush. Jose dragged the gun after
him and the contents were discharged,
severing the sub-clavlan artery, causing
death from hemorrhage before he could
be returned to Firebaugh.
THREATENED BY A MOB.
Danger of an Operator Who Shot a
Mnn in Self-Defense.
RICHMOND, V,n., Dec. 28.-At Virßil
anla. Halifax County, to-day, a m.in
niinii'ii Loftla entred the depot and Bred
sovrr.il times at Mr. Turner, the op
erator. Tumor returned th- lire, and
•kill-Mi Ix)ftls. Friends of tho dead man
attacked Turn« r. A y neral fiKht fuj
lowfd. and T-iinior received ■ terrible
Rash in the thmat. whll^ sfvoral other
men. two of whom will prohahly die, were
wiundrd.
At last accounts a mob was threatening
to lynch Turnrr. but he was Jwlnjr cuard
. '1 in the depnt by arnifd fri
Sheriff has uone to the ■
BEST IN THE WORLD.
£^ll^> Dr ' Mc Laughlin's
Electric Belt.
/s&■%*" "r *.-Uf . THE ELKCTBIC BODY BKLT BY WHICH I APPLY MY NEW
jBl 5*- 4iAv/-{Vj 4- 0 """• of treatment Is the beat In the world; strongest. most
iT +C Y~r\_' T - jjraifrVti tsurHble » most expensively made, most convenient to u«e. moat ft-
Si-. <4^&^S^^tYM&£r. Active In curing. l/pon these points I will guarantee it upon a
# With all this, an electric belt can do no Rood without knowledge of how to apply It. This
Is my method, learned in the past twenty years, in which I have cured 50.000 cases. I give
every patient the benefit of my experience, hence the many cures after everything else haa
failed.
No Burning or Blistering*
You feel the current at once. No burning, but a gentle. soothlns warmth. Warranted
one year, without any expense for renewals. —
Call and see it. or write for book, free.
DP M A MpT OlirrVilin TO2 £ arl < < i t Street Corner Keorny. San
JL/I* 111* JtX* llllrJudulilllllla Francisco, and Corner Spring and
*-> ";:; ; Second Streets. Los Angeles.
CONVICTS LISTEN
TO B. FAY MILLS
Oakland Divine Speaks
at San Quentin.
HUMANITARIANISM HIS THEME
VISITORS ENJOY SONGS BY A
PRISON QUARTET.
Large Quantity of Food, Including
Luxuries, Ordered by Warden
Aguirre for Christmas
Feaat
Ppecia.l Dispatch to The Oaß.
BAN QUENTIN PRISON. Dec. 25.-
This was a red-letter day for the con
victs, and the recollections of Christmas of
'90 will not fade from their memories for
years to come. Rev. B. Fay Mills came
over from Oakland and attended to the
spiritual needs of the prisoners In the
morning, while In tho afternoon the offi
cials paid attention to the material ele
ment by Riving the wards of the State a
sumptuous meal.
Rev. B. Fay Mills addressed the In
mates in the prison chapel at 10 o'clock in
the mornlns, the harden of his theme bo
inpr. the love pervading society, which
acts as the leaven of humanity. He was
assisted l-y Chaplain Drahms, and the
two preachers had an audience of 800
convicts, many standing in the rear of
the church and crowding the aisles.
Music was rendered by a quartet of four
prisoners, whose performance was such
as to excite favorable comment from the
many visitors present.
At 2 o'clock the convicts, 1300 strong,
were marched into the large dining hall
and seated at a table spread with many
luxuries not generally permitted. Warden
Ajrulrre, Captain Edgar, Overseer Joseph
AlTUlrre and Steward Chappelear all as
sisted In the affair and did their best to
make It a success.
To rive a, good Idea of the enormous
quantity of food consumed by the con
victs, it may be mentioned that the order
of the commissary for to-day's meal in
cluded 100 gallons of mincemeat, 1800
pounds of roast pork, twenty-two boxes
of apples and three barrels of cranberry
sauce. In the pudding were 200 pounds
of rice, 200 pounds of raisins and forty
gallons of milk. Milk was also allowed
to-day for the coffee.
The convicts were locked In their cells
at 3 o'clock in order to permit the guards
to enjoy a llttlo extra time on tho holi
day. Following the early lockup on Sun
day, this was the only hardship the men
were obliged to endure. «
death of a pioneer
sugar-beet grower
Jakob Maulhardt of Ventura Passes
Away Very Suddenly on
Christmas Day.
VENTURA, Dec. 25.— Jakob Maulhardt.
aged 6S years, died this evening at 7:10
o'clock of apoplexy. His demise occurred
at the residence of his son, Henry W.
Maulhardt.
The family had Just completed ' th©
Christmas dinner an/1 were i>;i.<*sinsr from
the dining-room to the parlor to distrib
ute and receive presents from the Christ
mas tree. Without warning Mr. Maul
hardt died with has arms on his wife's
shoulders.
The deceased was one of th*» pioneer
promoters of the sugar beet industry in
this county and he had la; pro interests
therein. His estate is estimated to be
worth J250.000 and consists of vast lands
devoted to the culture of beans and sugar
beets. He was also possessed' of money,
mortgages and stock. He leaves a widow
and live children as follows: Henry \V.
Maulhardt. Louis G. Maulhardt, Miss
Mary Maulhardt and Mrs. .Emma Carter
nnd Dr. Adolph Maulhardt of H;.-.ia Bar
bara.
The funeral service will be held at El
Rio Catholic Church under the auspices
of the Ventura County Pioneer Society.
Maulhardt was born in Germany and
came to this county In If]
STARTLING MYSTERY
AT NIAGARA FALLS
Murder, Suicide or Desperate Duel to
the Death on the Brink of the
Seething Waters.
BUFFALO, I>pc 25.— A special to th«
Express from Niagara Falls says: This
evening two young men, whose names ait*
unknown. Here driven to the cliff above
the promenade at the Whirlpool r
on the Canadian side of the rtrer, find
to the pr imenade. Th.'
Ud not rvturn In an hour and senr-h
was made for them. No tr.i
could be found and the police were
I Foot] rinti I f h«* two men 'n the
snow were followed to the extreme end of
the promenade I whirlpool. Fur
ther alone the bank there were sl^ns of ■
body having fallen In the snow, and the
footprints of only one man could be riia
cerned. Owlns to th.- darknesi the
had to be discontinued, but m>
tioned alone: the river r>n th>- watch for
the appearance of either of the men. The
are inclined to look on the myste
rious affair as a case of murder and sui
cide or double suicide.
SEVERELY BURNED
IMPERSONATING SANTA
Costume Ignites. Eugene McCullough
Is Injured and Children Are
Hurt in the Panic.
HOI,LISTER, Dec. 2."..— A Christmas tree
Catherine at San Felipe last evening end
ed In a panic, several children being In
jured in the crush. Eugene McCullough
was Impersonating Santa Claus. He was
attired In cotton batting. A light from
the tree Ignited the costume. Ho tore the
burning material from his head, but was
severely burned about the hands and
body. Th«: children became panic-strick
en and mado a wild rush for the stairs.
The Incident broke up the gathering.
GOES ON THE WARPATH.
Rampageous Negro Killed After
Cracking Several Heads.
BANNA, Wyo.. Dec. 23. - A nejro
named Lucius Miller, employed at a
Union Pacific grading camp on the
11.mr..;.-D.ina cut-off, armed himself with
a pitchfork yesterday, and. swearing he
would kill every man In camp, started on
his mission. He cracked the heads of nev
eral graders and was having everytning
his own way when he went to the con-
tractor's supply wagon, where he rcct
Troy Pcndleton. a white man. Pcndl»tnn
watched his chance, whipped oit nls re
volver and fired full In the nrpro ■ face.
Miller fell to the Kround 1 i<>n ill> wound
ed and died not lone afterward. >o ar
rest was made, as the shootlnff appeared
to have been done in self-defense.
Lots of men acquire fortunes br being
kept too busy to upend the money they
make.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Weak Men
Free
Insures Love and Happiness.
How any man may Quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, varlcocele. etc. and enlarge small.
weak organs to full size and vigor. Simply
send your name and address to Pr. 1.. VF,
Knapp, 2154 Hull building. Detroit. Mich., an I
he Will gladly SSI tho free receipt with full
directions so that any man may east'- curw
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
eroua offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mail show how men write him:
"Dear 81r: riease accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. 1 have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit h«s)
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
'"Dear Sir Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Blirngth
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Plr: Yours was received and I had n-»
! trouble In making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and after a few tejn use can truthfully
j say it Is a boon to weak men. I am greatly
Improved In size, strength and vigor."
All correspondence Is strlrtly confidential,
mailed In plain sealed envelope. The receipt Is
free for the asking and he wants every man
to have It.
SANTA CLAUS IN AN
UP-TO-DATE LAUNDRY
"Would revel In the snow-white color
and perfect finish of our fine laundry
work, and only once a year does he .«•"•»
1 such exquisite work laid on collar*,
I cuffs and shirts as he does when h ••
visits the United States Laundry* A
connoisseur on fine laundry work must
always admire the beauty of that done
by us.
United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Offloe. 514- Eleventh St.
*
M\ I have reduced;
W*^ the price of my j
tailor-make gar-
f\ V/^|\ ments for t he
LJ^lsr*s \ days.
■j A rar^ opportunity to
" ' get a nice suit. :
3 \ j
Sack suits • 1 ."...".«>•
; Frock Suits QB&M :
J Prince Albert »'-.". mi :
-ijpj —^| Full Dress Salts. 4110.00:
VI va Overcoats $20.00 *
II ■ Pants ' a-i.r.o •
mV Best of worKmanship
*fl "**— all wool material— p«r- ;
v feet fit.
1 JOE POHEIM, The Tailor,
: 1110-1112 Market St. 1011 Washington St..
; :Ql-:O3 Montgomery St., Oakland.
: San Francisco. •
275x206 Feet.
$36,000.
2 Corners — -3 Fronts.
ON BAY AND NORTH TOIN'T STRFTET."
between I»up<^nt and Stockton: within ITS
feet of deep-water front and grain sheds; ex-
cessively cheap; ready for warehouse tir fac-
tory. THOft. MAOEK A SONS.
Real Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery st.
«
<mJ ~\ -i 1.1. .Vnrotu Dwomh- ratlin; Mao.
fM *an on. Sle4«pl«««n«««, etc., caoaad by o»«r.
'W work and Ind lac return*. Th*** V u,rkl*
S Ufttm and •xrrln rotor* Lout Vitality la old
•\ -r/ or Touag. and nt a m«a for »tal7. ba.««-
ce-ts or i'U~4arn. I'ranot In«aaUr na 1
Oonramptioa If taken in time.. Thair
oi« immadUte Improvement no •Secta C UHi;
•here- all others fail. loaUt -non hating the gunning
AJax Tablets. They have cur«d thou-.md* and will
care 70a. We cl»« • positive written ru«rmntw» to •(.
fact a care In tuch can or refund to* toooer. l'rU-<»
nil Ptc pnr «^kiw-, or «is pMckagMt (full tr-.i>>
HIM Lib. meat) for *3 BO by mall, la plala wraixer.
upon receipt of pricn. <'ireuN . " "
AJAX REMEDY CO.. C £S^ I S^
For sale In P. F. by L«tpnltz A Co.. No r. r-
rental Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. H. F.. i lOild.
Bm^SsT i «^. ™ htZ^h
8888 ' H^^Sst I
U . n UE4 tiil T- "A W'SH Ti Vxik v
: --•• >
PALACE and
GRAND i
! £stel5 teIi .f r *2 at *"'™ that Is known wher. !
S.n r n .VJL, E J!I. rtt>b »*"««■*• «• •ookta. I
* 1400 roorn,_»oo with batH "-*"""/ I
' iSr^ an *~ vn wltl > batts. t
♦ . JOHN C. KinKPATRICK. M*«a«, I
— ■»■»«»«,,,. ,_,_ > .^.. . -— ■ ■ c .1
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 fejMX%rsief" imMI * f ' V "• iN • "°—>
tor and Nervlee. *«>viuu«A-
The most wondtrfii) aphrodltiao and — - - -
Tonic for the Hemal Cncans of both IS? 11 * 1
The Mexican Ittmedy f r DlseasV. of^JTir .^
»•»• and llUUder. 6* Is on It. o"n m.^ XW *
» M»rk.t au««t. Si r.-w av | S SpSjSAFETY LAMPS
WERE DISCARDED
Cause of the Brazneii
Disaster.
STATEMENT OF A PIT BOSS
ORDERED THE USE OF NAKED
LIGHTS.
Bodies of Four Mor? Victims of the
Firedamp Explosion Recovered,
and Many Are Still in
the Mine.
' •• «"«■.;
a
■
■
■
■
■
■
mine.
I
•
o
i
■ ♦ ■
Ini^re&»*giate Chess.
• '-. an
■
■
1
ml. la.
lUrva.l
■ Ed 111.
NEW YOXIK; D«cJ 25.^-Roland nred. tlie
n<-t.-.r. >« acriously ill at St. l.uk.' f s »os
jitnl Buffering fr«mi appcndldtliij u<\ hi*
road €T.caK«nionts f<»r t!ie holiday week
have \ren mncHed. I*p to t<>-nlKht no
Furciral oiw-ration had be^n iv>rforme<l.
t*nd tho Bunion* had not ilerlded
whether one wuuid be necessary. They
ore hojicful of rocovrry.
■ • ted for Murder
I
Then Look Out for Squalls
. tm< time.
■
• ■ .
Casster— Dnrtor. a yrar apr» • era predict
ed that I wouldn't live throe months. You
• m RW w«»r«» wrfinp.
Pnrtor— N«'V4-r -mind; bolter luck next
tlm^'.— Tuck.
Hollow Eyes
—and—
Sunken Cheeks
Tell r.f comlnc Nervous
<v^. Prostration. The*« sytnp-
/ ~\ tomi i>erv* to warn you
-J^^y^S tnat lian^er threaten!.
iSr* HUDYAN
S*/] [> _^ Remove* the
A •'•»: ■
s^ml JL " r l ' v A N
V A N ' '■■-■•-
I c ■
gyV " In y.'Ur up-
Bjssi sssßsr
BsVwO^ ; DUr
bbbbbbbbVt
BBBBBBVkK memory cloud-
EaT^g^gv'' * i-kin
riarxh and
USB^H « Are you n? H k. imuit,','
SfjH
Sri^i tiZZi rr '"v" v - •le t .p.ind.-nt. KU«»my.
IfiSH PS? «!I r * '"•'"• d " >"" '••» ck con*
E^B ssH HrrTrAN > 'Vi II? w f? If '°"
/{sx3 »& V" J "" s " n "» > ' - with he.id-
USB •£*.* nn ' fl ' s '■''• »r-he [.alllff
//ir?H frS? !" J " :nI " '"• fluttertnc of
I (w>* uw '•"" 'i>. a r.- u rite "f ex-
// fe^ IMP " '■- " '""^ 'II'I'VAN-'tt
Hi
// lf*fii cS " nr " " nil ■— " lt act " ordln *
// BBS &< HUDYAN cure* one anrl
// tc£i £t *" ltlr "' >ov< ' f.rmiilnmit,
// Ri£ & »K-raut«- they denote nerve
L ffl =1 nraknenß. Ui:i>YAX In '
I afsßj S ffl nf ' rx '' > r»-m«iy thnt )•
• >^5* S re»v)|flilze«l by nrlentlflc
4-3JBW \y I'hyrlrlann. HUDYAN li
«n unfailing for
all furh <vin<lltlons fIR
mentioned above, lie oured by HUDVAN— don't
t*-rom# a nwiun urerk.
€'1 HI iS V IV* rr ' m vcur ■•*■. We a
■_ 1 1.1 IMA" i-jn1.116-. p\x t>arkace* for
17 W. II vonr .Iruccl-t «V«- "^nt l<»ep It. -.-nil di-
rect to HUDYAN ItKMHDY CO.. cor. Stook-
loti. KIIU *n>\ M.nrV'-t ►!».. S.in Krancinco. Cat.
CONSULT HUDYAN T»O<rrORS H( iI'T
YOt;ii CASE FHEE OF" CIIAllGi:. CALL Oil
WHITK. . ,
nnnTimr Wlei and all Rectal
llf I 1 1 U ii| I S dlfeasea cured or hi
UIIU I lUL pay. No detention
II II I 3 I 111 I " "' '^"-."-v nits.
fill! fill! MANSKIKLD A roil-
lIV/I I Ulll- TICItFIEU). US Mar
M tl.. San Francisco.
TO BECOME THE BRIDE
OF A SAN FRANCISCAN
Miss Clara Uphoff of Grass
Valley and A. [>. Cheshire
of Francisco, Who Are
to Be Married Wednesday
.Morning.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. Miss Clara
T'rhoff. eldest daughter of Herman
Uphoft, a local merchant ami mine
owr.cr. is to be married at the resi
dence of the bride's parents to A. D.
• hrshlre of Ban Francisco at 10 a. m.
Wednesday. The ha] couple will leave
TROOPS AT FRONT
MERELY Mfii TIME
behind. Again tho Hritlsh advanced to |
the attack. but again fell bark, swelling j
tho heaps of dead. Tho cavalry i hargd I
to tho riv«r. whore the Krmolo com- i
mando delivered such a murderous tiro j
i that two batteries of cannon h.i.l to be ;
! abandoned; which tho Hoors aro going to
j brine here.
•Twice the British essayed to brine
■ horses to remove thorn. Tho first time
! they succeeded In hitching <<n to one can
non, and on tho second trial the horses
and nun foil In a heap. Then tho llrlt
ish were in full retreat to their ramp.
whence they srm a heavy shrapnel lire
on Bulwer bridge, acrosS the Tugela, to
prevent the l.urghers from recovering the
cannon.
"The French attache. Vlllebolß. the
German attache. Kraun. say the fight !
could not have boon improved upon by
the armies of Europe. Generals Botha
I »n<l — TrK'hurt -^orr-always-«<- iho— ni"st —
I dangerous pr.ints <>f the ilßhting. Eleven
' ambulahce's removed the English dead
ami wounded. ■ ?
•'Such a tremendous cannonade ha? sel
dom been heanl. The veldt for miles was
covered with the dead and wounded. It
I was a most crushing British defeat. Nino
!of the cannon have since been brought
! across the river. The British asked (■ r
j an<l were granted a twenty-four hours'
j armistice."
CHURCHILL ESCAPED
DISGUISED AS A WOMAN
■ ■
ton Churchill, snd Ihe
their mm
how he ■
have nists*
f.ir inrrimi
Tho Volkstcrn assorts that he escaped
dif=pulped as a woman.
. <-h'ir- hill
Überty."
NAVAL BRIGADE
SUFFERED TERRIBLY
ICTNKEAPOLJB, Minn., Dec. B. A dis
•:, 1.,,! ii..!' ■ : this
morniriK \>\ R< . C I" 1 • ■■• : -. Ps
M X Church,
stntiru- that two of I ■ with
:n tho
thick <>f the tiirJn a 1 M Idi r v.-,\
; 1 that Urn
v rsl is to i"
(act that
■ | nMi h th«- two
j.rothfi- w« memben suffered terribly
battle Mr Davis stated that the
atlon had aroused the worsl tears
f hi« brothers, as h< had
I: f,t k' day thai tho> were
with that division of the naval bi
• Modder Ki\< r The only
to th«- n,- . ■ ■
march ' b* fore the bat
% ti:*> men,
:,iic v. re marches
Bt luM..ry of the British army.
GENERAL BUTLER
GAVE VAIN WARNING
LONDON, Dec. 25.— From what I am
told. It appears that a ''<rm is brewing
in the rubject of the course of tho gov
ernment toward General Kir William But
ler. .whO3O ennduct at the outset Of the
war mot with much criticism. My Inform
ant say» that General Butler, previous to
the war. t-t-nt a series of dispatches w*rn-
Inj? tho Government against attacking the
Boers, filvlng details of their condition
for war which have been verified by re
! cent evenis. but hit- dispatches were very
distasteful to the government and wore
put away, out of sicht. anJ General But
ler was harshly criticised. General Hut
ler, it seems, drew attention to the way
Jn which i he English were misled by the
: blindness of the Intelligence Department,
which from what has taken place was to
tully un.v.vare of or purposely . misin
formed by the Boers as to their arms and
numerical strength.
it Is »yell known here that British
agents of the Intelligence Department
were Kent from time to time to tln<l out
what the Boctb were doing in the way of
armaments. The Boers knew all about It,
but they umulated naivete and conducted
the visitors around forts which they
chose for their own purposes, where o'd
puns were set ip and shown with an nf
fectatlon of pride by President Rrugcr's
men. who were cunning enough to Inspire
the strangers by their plausibility. Thus
the British Intelligence Department re
ceived the most minute renorts of the
caliber, range and number of the cannon
possessed . v the Boers, but were merely
gulled by the wily burghers. The real
guns, with which the war is conducted,
the Creusots nnd Krupps, were so care
fully hidden that scarcely a soul outside
the Immediate circle of the government
knew of them. Tin- English government
pent out ::t:ns equal in caliber to What tlie
agents had been allowed to see. .It Is
thought that the Boers understated their
numerical forces and small arms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1599.
on thf r.non train t«r P.nn rrancisro.
where they will make tlu-ir futur»» home.
If what I am told be true at all these
things \vre told to life home government
by General Butler, with the result that
Butler was called disloyal and pro-H'>tr.
and rabid paper* demanded his degrada
lion. Bui since the war began people who
knew the tents <■! General Butler's
dispatches have come forward .- ■ n c i asked
that they be published. The attention of
members of Parliament has been called to
the matter, ..n i when the Commons are
assembled In six weeks' time demands
will be made f< r the publication of the
dispatcher. My informant says you n-.av
ask why <3encr.il Butler did not -!•••• out.
but remember thai he is a military man
in a hiph position, and says, 'My lips ar*»
sealed.', but the subject is now occupying
tho club gossips. I give you my views
without comment. One very clever club
man remarked that the question really
amounted to this: Is he a traitor or a
martyr?
-:i1 r.tjt!<r the
Dreyfus -if this war and hai b<
snubbed l. ■ : " ' for it irlll b< re
when th<- Queen visit. -,i
•• v. ~ withdrawn fr.>m th<
<"mm;!n<l ><( t*- district, iirnl It
he would have been hoot
. .
by the press In order to shield th.^ \\n
■ »i iifiiov.><i the Intelligt i ■■• l •••
partre I r ther tb.in tho rhic-t "of the
Bomn on< d: "Remember 1i rd
'We t:.i\ c 1.. • n
•it i as to the Btn agtb
and n • !?;.■ Boers.' Th<- public
naturally ;..-k..i. 'Deceived by whom?"'
FEARS OF REVOLT
IN CAPE COLONY
LONDON Pears of a revolt in
1 'oio;iv an .c. Th.- Times
" ■ -1 ■ r - ' danger, making the
hie uro.-i of operations : " \ast that
trOOPS Will <:islly be
swallowed up in rpsimalnlng the enor
mmunlcatlon.
LAWTON FUND'S
STEADY GROWTH
May Reach Fifty Thou
sand Dollars.
SaecUU Dispatch to The
WASHINGTON. Do.- S The total s ub
■iis to the Lawton fund up to noon
<>f Christmas day was Ji4..r:< K. Thr com
mittee has determined i<. continue tho
work ;it )<;i.«t tmiii the 2d ol January,
when it is hoped thai ;i sufficient fund wili
have »i.-.!i subscribed to place tho widow
..1,(1 children <>r General Lawton beyond
th< possibility <>f want, and t.. enable tho
mother to carry oul the father's f.-ndost
thai his children should receive a
proper educnt: •
■ proposed to contlnu.- active work
In r:,! during th.< present week
and n Is probable thai !h<- subscription
Ul be kepi open until the n-turn of
Lawton to this country.
it is not .-it ;:ii Improbable that tho fund
will eventually reach IGQ.OM The original
intention m ■ o only a f lm(1 yy ,^.
clem to pay off tho mortgage r about
115.000 on th<- Lawton homestead ar Red-
Cal . bul the generous response to
the appeal encourages tho committee to
believe that enough money win »>.- sub
scribed beyond that sum to place Mrs
Lawton :m<! h-r children above want for
the rest of tholr lives.
Bectetary Rool and Adjutant rjonoral
• ■-■rbin s.nt pemonal appeals t.. about iso
bankers and business men in New York
with the result of a large Increase to the
fund. Among thus.- who bave promised
subscriptions ar.. the following: winiam
X VanderMlt HMO, j. Plerponl Morgan
$I<O'. C. 1* Uontington HOW. Thomas X
Ryan of New York HON and .Miss i,. 
Gould KM, Th.- commit! spects to re
oelve at least ten subscriptions of |iino
sai h.
General Bhafter reports that jsso h.-> ; al
n been raised by the <-iti 7...j>s7 ...j>s of Ban
Prandsca General Corbin was Informed
that tho dtlsens of St. Louis had s-ib
scribed *il*--'.
CHICAGO, ]>0,-. b.— Alexander H. Re
vell. in change <>f the fhlcaßo fund for
Qeneral Ljtwton's family, to-night toi.>
graphed Adjutant General Corbin that
th<' total amount raised ht-ro up to this
evening was Wtt. Among the pubsi-rip
tluns to-day was JUKI from Hon. Robert T.
Lincoln.
The President Was Hungry.
Being rropident of tho Itiito.i States
-ariiy mean that one lies on
a U.i ->f roses Testerday, says th.« < < hi-
Tribune, iho President w;is subjected
to th<- pangs "f hiinßtr, Just like any ..r
.unary individual. It is hl«e custom !•>
breakfaal al B o'clock. This ho did as
usual, starting for Mount Vemon about
in o'clock. Nothing was s:.id about any
thing t<» <•:!! or drink. Tho I'rosiflont v\as
miin-hfd around and Stood rmreheadod at
i the risV: >>f tnKiiiK cold, iln ,\ w;is i, lM ,] o ,i
at borne shortly after 4 o'clock. His first
words were: "(Jot mo something to oat
as «julokly as you can. I am nearly fam
labed.
lioopln i/ovc— What In the best day in
the woek to Ret married on, old chap?
Hadder Knuff— Friday , my !.<>>; then
you'll have something to blame it on
afurward.— Tit-Bits.
FOUR KILLED IN
A TRAIN WRECK
Fatal Accident on the
Northern Pacific.
— — ♦
DUE TO OPERATOR'S ERROR
FAILED TO HOLD ONE OF THE
TRAINS AT SIDING.
Realizing His Mistake Too Late to
Avert the Catastrophe He at
Once Took to the
Hills.
Special Dlrratch to The Call.
BUTTE, IC< it. Dec B.— By a wreck on '
<h<- Northern Paclllc this morning about
6 o'clock six miles oast of Bearmouth f->ur
men wrro killed and BeveraJ injured more .
or leas serli usly. The dead urc:
Engineer K. B. Hh^lm.
Fireman <". a. i •.• K-. n.
Two unknown tramps stealing a ride.
Th<- Injured ;«ro: Hrakoman Wallace
MUc. who was seriously scalded and
bruised: Knplneer J. W. Hebee and Con
ductor L A. V.iko.
Other trainmen were Injured, but not
seriously. The uperator at Bonlto allowed
the trelghi train from the west to pass
when it should have t;<-en held on the
skiing. The train from the west w;ts a
heavy ono, in charßo of Conductor fake,
with Engineer Hi. elm ai th»- throttle. The
westbound freight waa in charge of Con
ductor McEachen ;:mh Engineer n«»hop and •
was s l:i- r iu train. ;t stocKcar, containing
nslgned to Spokane
j from Butte, and the cai Be making up
i the train. A man named EMckson and tho
trami'.- were Instantly killed. Rhelm was
mortally Injured and died this afternoon
at the Northern !';;• iii<- Hospital. He
was one >ii tin oldest engineers <>n th<>
r. ;id and l ■•■- i widow and four chil
dren.
Brakeaaan Mix l- a son of Miios Mix, a
prominent cttlxen of Missouta. He i bad
l> Injured and may not recover. Con- ,
ductor McEachen escaped with a few
slight bruises. Engineer Bebee Is badly
hut not serloui ly In lured.
The Coroner'j Inquest may reveal th<'
Identity of the two tramps who were
killed. The car containing the horses was
smashed t" splinters, and it la Inconcelv
abl< how any ol them escaped, but >•t 1 ! >-
nine of them were killed.
.\>. soon as the operator at Benlto heard
of the wreck he took to the hills and has
nut been h>-ard <.f Ht> w lltute.
The wreck wa? noi cleared away until
late this evening.
TWO ENGINES "SMASHED
ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC
CHH O, Dt -'" The southbound
• and !•.!>• 'r.iin and t ho north
at io o'clock this
morning. »>oth engines being badly
smashed, though neither left the rail*.
Both engineers and firemen escaped by
Jumping, »«ut Paymaster K. EL Anthony
suffered s broki n nose and la<
by falling against a seal In the pay
i .ir.
The collision was <!>:•• t.i :< dense f'K
whlih r.t.drn <i »h<> tracks so slippery
that the brakes would not lmid. A wreck-
Ing crew arrived fr^m R-d I.luff and
worked late Into the ni>;ht In clearing the
w r ■ ■ k
LIST OF CASUALTIES
AT POMONA ACCIDENT
I,op ANGELES. Dec. 2.'.. Tho list of
casualtlrs in tho railway ftcctdeni <m t li«^
Bouthern Pacific road at Pomona
night Is hp follows:
KILLED.
MONROE TTIfRMAN. romona.
MILTON MONROE of Monrovia, a
Southern Pacific hrakoman.
MRB ROSE O'CONNOR, Pomona.
Mi O'Connoi was Instantl) killed. The
others died al th.- hospital. Th»» injured
nr. : David Johnson, Southern I •:< <-tii.
ciiKir: ■• m • ••■! to die; I'.t.-r Terrlde,
Baloon-keeper, Los AJlmotls, fatally in
.iur<'d. a. N. Toms, brakeman, ankle
hrr.k«»n; William Robinson, druggist,
Riverside, s< a 1 1> wound; W. 1.. Oarrißon,
Co vina, hip cut; L. K. Itlos. l.o? Angeles,
Southern Pacific brakeman, scalp wound;
John Stole, Chlno, scalp wound; Frank 1
Donatln. Snutlifni Pacific aK.nt. back in
fured; I>. L. Mitchell. Redlands, back '
I hurt; A. X Whit.-. Los Angeles
• r agent, i<a«il> burned; ES. M. Me-
• 'lur--. 1/os Angeles, Southern Pacific
firak.'man. bruised; 11. M. Denslow, On-
tario miner, scalp wound; \\ - K. Collins, I
fireman, back in.iur.-d: H. l". Staples,
Cnlno, hiji and l.a.k hurt: Robert Staples,
Chlno, legs Injured; w. H. Scott
(colored), cut over eye; Tu.-kor. <>n
tario. burned; O. W. Evans, Southern Pa
cific engineer, shnuidor broken; < '. < ».
Wines, Southern Pacific fireman, i<-k
bruised; K. 11. McClung, baggageman,
brulsod; L. F. Patterson, Southern !'.»
.iiii- brakeman, back Injured; Harry
Monahan, Chlno, bruised.
Th.' body of Mrs. O'Connor was brought '
h.-r«- this morniiiK. The iniund are at
th«» Bisters' Hospital.
DEATH REMOVES A WELL
KNOWN POLICE OFFICER
LIEUTENANT CHARLES NASH
DIES SUDDENLY.
He Wns Thrown Down a Week Ago
and Received Slight Injuries,
but Death Is Attributed
to Heart Failure.
IJfiitor. mt Charles Nash, one of the
most widely known jiolic-o ofßcers <>f this
rity. pas-'d away ;it th<> Ifadean \i<>^
l>ita! :.:-.. 1 S:.i it.irium last nipht. The n-ws
of his 'death was as nidden as it wak un
expected and has proved a Kr«;it shock
to hl» mim.-mus friends. Death* was at-
Uibuted 10 ht-art f.Hllur.'.
Aho\it a week ago th«* iif ceased was
walking alm-.K Market strict on his way
t.i the Bo'ithern station to report for duty.
He saw i Mcydlat riding at a speed far
ling ih<- limit and lv- ran to the
middle of the street to Intercept him,
was knocked down bj ■ horse attached
t.. .t buggy. Injured his left knee-cap :m.i
was imi.lv to walk. The own. r of tho
buggy drove him to the itati d, where
reporting his accident to Captrttn
Bplllane. be was driven to l»r. Ma<
l al. He \ ! - t ipldly t>■ ■•
from his Injury and had been sitting up
i>r«»\ luii-i to hi midden demise entertain
ing his fiipi ds. At >• ... in. k h-- had ■ n.-n
a hearty dinner and half an .imir bel ire
he retired he Informed Head N n Mn
Irving thai h.' expected to enjoj a
night's rest M half-past IB o clock he
v. ai found ■'' ;<>l.
Dr. Maclean was Immediately notified,
and was greatly astonished a; the news.
He stHted that the lieutenant was in per
fect health, and he could only attribute
his sudden passing away to heart failure.
Lieutenant Nash enjoyed great popu
larity In the Police Department and
throughout the city and Stat<\ He was
an efficient officer, whole-souled and
courteous, and had advanced to the otllre
which he filled by strict attention to
duty. He was ■ native of England and
was 5S years of age. He had been In the
Polio- Department for over twenty years.
He was appointed to the force On 1 May 13.
IS7B. and on October 1. 1880, be was pro
moted to act as sergeant. He acted In
that capacity until January M of the
present year, when he was promoted to
till the position made vacant by the re
tirement of Lieutenant Banna.
Previous to becoming a member of the
Police Department the dead officer was
a leading member of the National Guard
He served eight rears as a member of
Company Cof the First Regiment. He
was an expert rifle shot and was a mem
ber of the famous rifle team which won
for California the trophy at Creedmore,
Long Island, In 1577. He was also cap
tain of the rifle team which contested
wjth the Oakland department In May
last.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS I
•
...OUR FIRST... 2
GREAT CLEARANCE SALE! |
COMMENCING THIS MORNING. I
•
Every department was thoroughly overhauled and 2
goods marked down regardless of cost to effect a speedy 2
clearance. Note the following remarkable reductions: S
Tailor-Made Suits. Black Silk Dress Skirts. 2
$10.00 — Marked down to $ s°° $12.50 — Marked down to $8.75 •
20.00— Marked down to 13-50 1500— Marked down to 9.75 2
25.00— Marked down to 1500 16.50— Marked down to n.50 ft)
27.50— Marked down to 20.00 00 — Marked down to 14.75 •
50.00— Marked down to *. 3>oo 25.00— Marked down to 16.50 ft)
65.CO— Marked down to 4000 27.50— Marked down to .....' 18.75 •
35 — Marked down to .* 2375 2
Tailor-Made Jackets. - t •
$ s.oo— Marked down to $ 2.50 Newmarkets. 2
0.0o — Marked down to 3.90 $1500 — Marked down to $10.00 •
25.00— Marked down to 1500 2
Lades Plush Jackets. r- S
-Marked down to $10.00 Automobiles. 2
-Marked down to 12. 50 $50.00 — Marked down to $35.00 ft
25,00— Marked down to ' 15.00 60.00— Marked do. vn to 4000 •
30.00 — Marked down to 20.00 _ ; ' 2
. . ™ "T. "^ Ladies Flannelette Wrappers g
Ladies Plush Capes. ? 1.50-Marked down to ...V 75 c %
$ -Marked down to $ 1.75 1-75— Marked down to $ i.no ft
4.50 — Marked down to 2.90 2.00— Marked down to 1.25 2
6.so— Marked down to 4.50 2.so— Marked down to 1.50 ©
Ladies' Cloth Capes. Ladies' Silk Petticoats. I
$ 3.oo— Marked down to $ 1.90 $ 7-00— Marked down to $ ,7; •
750 — Marked down to j 4.90 — Marked down to ,4.^ 2
— Marked down to 7.00 — #
15 no-Marked down to 9.00 Ladies' Silk Waists. 2
.  , — : — _ $ 6.oo— Marked down to $4.0 O
Ladies Astrachan Capes. 1000-Markcd down to 2
$ 2.so— Marked down to $ 1.45 18.50— Marked down to 1400 ©
6.so— Marked down to .3.9, .  ■'-• '." L •• •
o.oo—Marked down to 6.00 Ladies Umbrellas. V
$ 1.00 — Marked down to SOC €>
. Fur Department. ~ .77; — -  ' S
$ 1.00-Fur tics marked down to 60c vents Umbrellas. j
2.so— Fur ties marked down to $ 1.50 I 100— Marked down to 50c •
4.oo— Fur collarettes marked down t0... 2.50 Cl • r»l ""• ' j _ •
10.00-Fur collarettes marked down to 7.50 Plain and Fancy. 2
~20.00-^ElcctrT^Teal capes marked down to 15.00 loc Marked down to t- ft
• 20c— Marked down to ioc •
Crepon Skirts. , S
$ii.oo-Marked down to $7.73 DOOkS ! Books! 2
14.00— Marked down to 9.75 ioc— Marked do An to 3 C ft
15.00 — Marked down to 11.00 Marked down to Sc g
30c— Marked down to lOC ft
Black Cheviot Skirts. .. — . g
$ asp— Marked down to $5-.o , Moreen Skirts. o
10.50 — Marked down to 7.45 $ 100 — Marked down to «- c •
1.25- Marked down to 65V 2
Black Braided Cloth Skirts. ... ' , _ , o
$12.50 Marked down to $8.75 Misses uolf Capes. 2
15.CO— Marked down to 10.7; $ 4 00— Marked down to $3.15 •
Marked down to 12.75 500— Marked down to 300 5
25.00 — Marked down to 15.00 ~ ft)
m ' — — . Ladies Golf Capes. 2
Plaid Skirts. $ 900-Marked down to $ &jo 2
$10.00— Marked down to $6.0:1 12.00— Marked down to 8.;o #
11.00— Marked down to 7.75 00— Marked down to isooi 5 oo S
■ — * . 2
Colored Cloth Skirts. Lace Neckwear. . 2
$ s.oo— Marked down to $ 2.7-5 50c— Marked down to 25c ft
6.oo— Marked down to '." 3.45 $ 100— Marked down to 50c $
7.so— Marked down to 400 mi 1r 1 1 wZH 7^~ , a
ior»n— ... , Hnwn to *™ Black and Colored Dres s Goods marked down. o
10.00— Marked down to „ cf\ n . . .  , . . , •
,, n0— ..... to - -,- Black and ( olored Feather Boas marked down. •
1 2. 00— Marked down to 77; .. , .-  , , ,
..... '-lr. block Collar-; marked down to 15c. )r
15.00— Marked down to 10.00 •
20.00— Marked down to 147; Ladies will remember our stock is all this season's 2
- - . , -, styles. Our Roods are all marked in plain figure?. ®
LadieS LorsetS. We arc strictly a One-Price House. The reductions 2
$ 1. 00 — Marked down to 50c arc genuine. #
v ' •
■—- ©
>*>. ■ b-^ ■ c
JA * D D I C M jpy Pfi ' 146 Market street
. U OnlCll 06 UU.m B «w^lo^ Ma.on. i
***** * A MEW STORE* ®
Mistook Judge for a Drummer.
When Judge 'Mark. now on the Supreme
Court bench of North Carolina, wax on
the Circuit Court bench he was ■ stickler
for always opening court punctually on
Mondays. Having to open court at Ox
ford, in January, UM, when he Rot to
Henderson ho found a deep snow on the
ground and the railroad from thai place
to Oxford in those ■1.-i : did not run in
such weather. Bo the Judge set out i.i a
buggy with a driver whose customer! had
theretofore been commercial tourists. He
took the Judge for a drummer a/id tried
to beguile the tedium by talking over the
hardware line. Not finding him exactly
well posted on that he took up the dry
goods business. Not doing much better
with that he successively tried him on
notions groceries, liquors and others.
Having exhausted all the "lines" he could
think of he finally asked: "You are a,
drummer, are you not?"
"Yes." -aid the Judge, "I am somewhat
in that line." . . , *.
"Well, what is your line? said the
driver.
"I am a drummer for the State Poniten-
The driver, saying to himself, half
aloud, "You arc the first one In that line
that ever came alone here." drove the
rest of the way in silence. When the < ■•'.
veyance drove up to the hotel in Oxford
the landlord ran out to greet his guest.
When the driver heard bis passenger
called "Judge." the point dawned on hm.
> and he dashed found the house, scattering
a cloud of snow with his wheels.
■ ♦ ■
His Wife's Estimate of His Time.
A certain Washington man congratu- 1
late* himself on the fact that ho has the i
host If.- In the world. To Cell the truth, j
ho has not yet settled down to much that,
1,,, does not enjoy .1 little whirl "with the I
boys." Sometimes these celebrations de- |
velop Into orgies of magnificent propor
tions, It la here that wlfey's good dispo
: sition asserts itself.
When her husband comes home in the
wee hours and is groping vainly for the
banisters he la not confronted by an Irate
spouse at the. top of the stairs. He Is not
I compelled to listen to a curtain lecture
before he is allowed to sleep off his nota- ■
tions. He la confronted by no sour looks
when he gets up the next morning with a
fever-dizzy head, consequently he feels
stricken with remorse. He evens things
up with his conscience, or tries to. by pur- '
chasing line raiment and various articles
for the f.-mlnlne toilet in order to mak*
Mmself believe th;ii lw is in sum- ■!• _-r- ••
worthy < f : u<-h ■ wife.
Rllt the k I wife bersdf llii^ rome to
understand Urn meaning <>f tiieso gifts,
No! long ago the buaband weal t'
York -Hi M>BM baiihMt. <"wiit;irt with
ii.nvivi.il frleoda and niint»-rniis "hiKh
balls" produced .1 Bacchanalian tlnv
lasted for ihr<'«- days, With bo
(.in!, remorse, ;m<l the WTashlngtonian
went <lown t<> a fashlonabh 'Iry k"«»i-<
< mporlum ;irnl < >u t <H<] hims»>lf. II. ■ bought
an elegani dresa :m<l trimmings, which
footed up $J."." He expressed them t<> his
wife and RWitti <l det elopnw I
In a day or two came s letter. II
n<>t \"i>- affectionate, it is tm.\ imt it
wst ;i t"<"l l"i % « one. it recounted ttu
effects of the receni cyclone ;it the raiii
tal even more vividly titan it waa Je-
Bcribed in the newspapers. The tnrri<i
weather als>< received honorable mentlnn.
All th" details "f th. latest n»-iKhhorh"»>'l
I "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT." !
I WORTH ITS WSI9HT . /\ - ' LAMS BACI WBBD. 1|
♦ IN 80LD » /C\l/ \\/'/\\~, *MF« ■• ♦
♦ jj,^. jjjj, -jj i_ «,t,V^ , -H,i .„ ' rier<-» X- I
T Dr Pierre A Hon: '^HBi^iS^" ''* ' *
t I take nier\jure In #f^W\^4 lr f * : " i « r-£ *
1 KSf ,'hir T^ 4§^ -;.v;L^ JWIL *'' t - Vr ♦
*?• one of the liir-ky nun.- ijX^ /\\ /MNN , v X / *\ Y^M » far " llr - r ' ? " »
♦ b«r. I purcha.M on- VfoJ?!3fc»^L AI /, N Lr«Crffi/ •*'' "« ht r '"" r r> - « >
£> of your Electric l^lti TgllKWQK^^ /aWflf&Plf^ and I2S "' '*' ?n? n i r * ♦
♦ Ar-rll 6. *♦. an. l wore zSßmJ^^WfJWS^^jJr " hort t '™* o *" A L rorn ,
.:. !t 5 months. an.riT Z^TTJlltf* Fl f?^Mtk***? _ «h«t rime on I h^ve -
A has MADE A NEW "//y^lSfvT/A^^^^^x k^V trouble r ' f that t.
I MAN cener^l ME. I // tNV^^W^f.AC- 7r\\ klnrl rery truly . ♦
1 hnd eeneral nervous / / ■^2? V*- '/ \ r VJT l?«.!jniIl ?«.!jni Iy V,« '
- trnubles that hart bothered me for 1! -»-«l V**— CEhIACO STRaPA. < ►
V rer.m. TOUR BEL.T 13 WORTH ITS / **V/f r " T ' ' '*■''• Cal. ♦
♦ WEIGHT IS G01..D. Respectfully. /v\^ C7Thot:?jrd» it ■ 'ir<^ tike tb« +
T ED. T. NOE. / 1 forefolng have b»»n made br Dr. ♦
Rio Vista. Cal. Pierre's world -renowned El»ctrt3 •*»
♦ —■ . Belt. It Is warranted to b» th« *
♦ most scientific and durable body buttery «rer patented or sold In America. Prices mucJ) ,*♦
*> lower than others of far Inferior Quality are sold at. If you want the BEST, you moat - X
♦ have "DR. PIERCES." . ■+
4 For full particulars send a 2c ■timp for •BOOKLET NO. 7' or c*ll at th« office.
<•» Address
1 PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., t
X No. K33 Market St. (opposite Palace Hotel) San Francisco. Eastern Offlc*: No. ■
4, Tribune Bulldlnr, New York. , t
gossip were fully cited. No mention was
(nude of the receipt of the dress In the body
•>{ the letter. The postscript, always tho
best part of a woman's enlMle. constated
<>{ this brief sentence, which tipolcn vol
umes: . "You must have had an elegant
time."— Washington Post.
Mr. <;•• idfaUow (abowlng .Is wire
nrouml the . countlns-house)— And thrso
are the la; hooks!
Mri <>nmlfellnw— Yes! Now show me
the night books!
Mr. Goodfcllow (mystified] night
books?
Mrs. Ooodfellow— tho^<» .hat yon
have to work over nt nlsht and that k»ep
you down here until 2 o'clock In lh<j
morning!— Puck.
— « ♦ »
What n h.ippv old world thin would bi»
If his rntanlcal majesty never careil to
warder from Mi own fireside.
56
f CMSDAYTTTrr.T "DECEM BER &, 1893
JOHN D. SFRECXELS, Proprietor.
Address All Ciir.rr.uniciiion* tc VV. Si. LtAKE. Manager.
PVIII.tC.ATIO> OFFICE Mark* - >< ■'■ Third. S. r
Telephone Mala ISCS.
CDiroit! %l. ROOM* "IT to 221 Stevenson St.
TVlepnonc Main : *71.
Dell*er€-d lit Cnrrlrr«. IT. n" IV r Weelc
Mritrle <op|p«. 5 <>»li.
Term* by ".nil. Inclndlnc fostHCet
IMII.V C 11.1. «lnrlti'<llnir Sunday), one > esir. .s'*. rvi>
DAILY 4'A1..1« (Including Sumlari. <> muntli*.. 3.00
U 111. V «'.%!. 1. MIIK Mindavt. 3 month*., l-'vl
ii HI.V Cv I 1 — ]| « -..■ .Month *K»o
MMJW CJUX •* Yrnr 1 '-'
\Vi;i:UI.V . Ml •■«•«• Imr 1-W" J
AH postmaster* arc aathuriurd to receive
• ul»«ori|.i ioti ».
Sataple copln rrlll b«- forwarded tvhrn rfQ«»Mfil
OAKLAND OFFICE OOS nrondvray
C. GEOnCG KROGXCSS.
;;-.;:;.;tr Koroii^n \d\rril-lnc. M* rcj u«-tt* H»Jld-
Inc. Cblcmro.
M W vonic < HMItl M'uMinT:
C. C. CAUI-TON Herald Square
XGW YORK REPHESEVTATIVGi
mnnV LIKCSiI Jit 2O Tribune nnildlnc
CHICAGO IEWI ITAI -
Shrnnnn 11... V. O. »it« Co.: Great \ortli
rrn liotels Frt-tuont Mniin-; Auditor! om Hotel.
NEW YORK NKWS STA3TDSI •
Waldorf-Aotorln Hotel] A. Urentano, 31 Union
f-yuarc; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON d. C.i rice. . Wolllncton Hotel
J. I*. BSTGLISII, Correnpondent.
DtIAXrH OFFICES — *-" Montgomery utreet. cor
ner Clay, open nnril DtSO o'rlock. .",<•" Xlayea
• trcet. open until :»::IO o'clock. 839 Mc*lM«ter
street, open until '.••.:;<» o'clock. Gls I.arkln
• treei. ;.. n BBtll :•::".!> o'clock. 1!U1 .Minilon
ItrflCt) «.p.-u until HI o'clock. 22(>1 Harkrl
■treet. corner Sixteenth, open nntll !• o'clock.
lu!MI ValrnrU «treet. open until !• o'clock.
I « ■< i KlexentU »lrrot. open nntll O o'clock.
MV, ciiriirr !>%tii t > -«rrond and Kentucky
in-pi«. open until '.< ..■.ln.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
TWO DEATHS.
I""*nE year now closing is made memorable by
the death of two eminent Americans whose lives
* and work were identified on apparently opposite
side* of the same issue. The question t]i c cus^ed by
Dwight L. Moody and Robert G. Ingersoil has been,
::• ..'.: ihcages iince man became self-conscious, the
hsuc of isn:es. With Job the world is always asking:
ft a n:an die shall he live again?"'
It is the habit to ascribe to Ingersoll the doing of
great harm. This ascription might be true if all men
were equally impressed by the supernatural. But a>
it is- true that ill :!csh is not one flesh, so it is true
that all minds are not one mind. Moody's consecrate!
vvuric was among tho>e whose minds are turned
to humanity only by the touch of the finger of the i»
efFable and the supernatural. Their name is legion
among all people?, in the lands ac call Christian and
the lands v.c ca'l Pagan. Moody's work among them
Lnd his influence upon them have been an enduring
ficior in the history of his time. The lowly have been
lifted up, the sodden have been cleaned, the drunker.
sobered and the <Jull quickened by his power. The
dead instincts of unselfishness and sacrifice have
cmen from the tomb of many a cold heart and be
come alive at his bidding. The formal and perfunc
tory in rcCgion have felt his rebuke and been trans
formed into that life which is the essence and the all
of religion.
'.\ judgn.-.
■
.. .
Casting :imJc the dogmatic view of religion, and
considering that we arc all concerned \vit!i the lite
men live in this World, while only a pan of us arc
concerned in a life to come, about which Ingcrsoll
said thai he knew nothing, i; is not hard to feel that,
in the betterment of what is. hr and Moody were
associate apostles, and looking to finite results their
devoted labors v.ere to the same end.
They played upon the thousand strings of the same
harp, and the harmony that sprang from their touch
nay well merge in one fjnp. and its theme and rr.ir
••••■• •
po«e may well l«e interpreted as the win:::? away of
all tears zrA the coming of righteousness. Their
cocr.try and their countrymen lay chaplets on their
tombs without shame, and the follower? of one may
strike palms with the followers of the other in alli
ance lo accomplish the great' end of ail religion, all
ethics end all philosophy, the cleaning and sweeten
irs cf this human life.
After yesterday s game between California and the
Carlivlc Indians who will jay that football is not bar
ber-ous? For example, the redskin*, after traveling
clear across the continent to lift the hair of th?
Berkeley boys, nad to be content with victory by a
close shave. And that sno dream.
Con*:der:".ij it s« the joyous season of the year it
*f?ms a iittle bu crowded with earthquakes, storms
«hip«rccics, train wrecks, fires and mining disasters.
Let us have Cahiornia s hare of the Lawton fund
rr.ntribiUed before New Year's day; Make your sub
scription without having to be coaxed for it.
The Southern Pacific officials are as willing as ever
to v.vcsr they cannot tell what caused the accident
ur ess it were "he cat.
.
O:'.rc more our climate has justified our bras. We
r ' ! not hays had a !ove!icr day for Christmas if we
nacl iTtadc it to order.
All tl:e rr.crey and the bbor we expend on parks
v>:i nay with us and remain for future generations to
be cratcful for.
BONK POLICY.
Timetable
te who re
.l dangerous
■ now before Con
1 pm
: • the bar>.k«,
. - to all
.
. . • , will
:ting the cur:
.:id the 1
' . I
•
: : ir.crea-e
• jn of it.'-- . i letting I
probai th?
■
■
■ i
• _
i f equal
•a here. I
■
■
Now, how can these banks contract the currency?
No one ever tells how or why they should do it.
They have no means of recalling their own issue and
locking it up. As well might one try to call back to
its stalk the down of the thistle that has been set free
to fly with the wind. The issue has gone into myriad
hands and is deposited to be checked against in far
scattered banks. Nor can the banks hold money by
rcisir.g the rates .... prevent loan?, for the
maximum of that rate is fixed by law, and to exceed
it should forfeit the charter of the offending bank.
Did the Chronicle ever know a bank that tried to
make money by the deliberate ruin of its debtors, or
by the distress of the general community through
an artiricir.l depression of prices? Banks re the cus
todians of the surplus capital of the community, the
loan fund of the country. It belongs to their depos
itors. Modern business cannot depend upon any
other system for the use of necessary credit.
■ .■
the currency.
d the
y. What
:al and the 1
. be deplc
1 1
■
■ ! this.
■
Bank,
■
inflate it
mat
■
•• ■ .
■
■• ■ . . riped out th<
; as competitors i:;
• in their way
■
. ; the pn!
their
nation of th< I ins< [Tent
■
■
■ ' ■
I
■ ■ ■ • ■■•] that bi
THE GRAND JURY REPORT.
\Jury in its 1
ret that it I I customarj
I . .
I oftkc in ;
■ ■
■ ranches of the
rnment .
y holiday
Tv, g of special
notice. In I . . '-.one
" it to
tor at the
time the : ["his signal
which i • ineous, we
ire her 2t-
: thereby •
the - '.oubtcdlv . : iii<satis
th the
• ■ • .• • ut <•! order, as admitted
■ ' - we could
•.om in reference to any
this evil, .....
-mend th I I By be re
M>ir.R ti;e nickel-in-thc
ir 1 • ' thnt
:: flat rate i? the only sat way of giving th
ice."
• the nickel-in-the
e away with the public will hardly
rate, it ished until
be the effect of the resolution re
ng the <:• to be made before
I the nick •• ■ red. A company which
•• a way to re- lefect of mech
may very
quickly find a remedy when the - I world
' ' t!-,e state-
enrison we find th?.t the
■ - street liyln fun 1
I of the depleted treasury i<> m
re. The city
■
• c criminal element on that account."
It it hardly fair to la] the Supervisor! die
ase for the deficient lighting of the city.
The f taxation with the resulting Kmit of
'nanded by the voters of the city and
the S -;iore than fulfilling
the t;ix. In male
rtaonment to the various funds the
advice of the Mayor and of the Merchants' Assoda
- and in the main I
- are thai Dot •• rc=pon
die tec": of illumination. ■• ■ V er. none
v t ] lc
Grsi I J to pi - Fran
• street lights even,- nicht in the
year. The ill lighting of the stn ' become
something more than a nui-rncc. It is a menace to
THE FJSN FB AN CISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1599.
the community in many ways and it is to be hoped
E found to remedy it.
DIFFERENCES of opinion are at all times valu
. since by bringing about controversies
they compel the :■- . ■ : each side to con- j
r more carefully every point of any cause over :
which contention gees or.. For that reason nothing ;
has I ■ y the appearance of an active opposi- i
to the proposed extension of th«. :em. •
It has led the advocates of progress to make a more
thorough cany . .eople than they would have
therwise and as a consequence there is a much
better onderstandiag of the merits oi the proposed
teat tl ..mid have been attained had not !
the opposition compelled the campaign of education. \
The time has now come for closing the contro- ,
The d:.ys for the special elections are at hand.
- I the voters are to decile whether San
is to be equipped with parks equal to the ;
.... . . . . . .
r not. The ai ton '.-..ive been
i have been answered
We believe they have been com- |
• uted It has been shown that the cost
any hea\ ; -c of the tax rate; that
serve all classes of citizens and
the city; that the grading will not
re either a heavy expenditure or deep cuts which
• • adjoining property. In short every ob
jection which has been made has been promptly met,
und ti.e issue as -.:• I the arguments on both
sides is the simple one of choosing between progress
and stagnation: between keeping up with the proces
sion of civilization and lagging in the rear of Ameri
can c.
The economy of purchasing at once the areas of
d required for the proposed park improvements
is not to be overlooked. As Mayor Phelan said in
his . - he campaign on Saturday:
"The pood and estimable gentlemen of the opposi
e cannot afford it. You can't get anything
for it, and the purchase of the prop
erty will be a - tment, viewed solely from a
• A little r.ver thirty years ag'i
v; to-day it is
• $11,000,000. Forty-six years ago New York
>\ OOO,OOO for Central Park: to-day it is worth
$_»00,000.000. San Fran l ound to grow; it
k ; and what we want to do is to
acquire and hold land for public breathing places,
ound to come.
We want to cr.rrect the - under which
the city has labored, and we must build on true
nhile the citj- i> young. We want the best ■
n, a perfect drainav
■ the tir.e-t
in be had foi ure-l.
for our
■ • •>• may k [ the ho-
a a city to bc
lilapidated and ugly that it will drive people
you can make it .so beautiful tlia:
:o leave it."
It i> a familiar pr-'r.cHt "a! I -■ • bent the tree
is in n the ynuth of San Franci«co it i
bend the i c direct:'
■ inp all that makes a city
nee for cultured men and uor.-.en. The pen
.^ away •'. . . • •
Golden (iate Park, bui • t they erred in
■ tpi nrii • • around the City Hall and in
not extending the panhandle to .V •. -reet. It is
<\ to so extend the
park system that it will I | iouble its pres
• the pul [1 :' Ibe done by a well
nigh unaninuius vote, aid it i- to be hoped the cam
ha; h?.>l the effect of rousing nil
.c citizen- to I . rtance of the issue.
THE TEACHERS* CONVENTION.
rk< >M the T« ' - Conveni n which assem
to-day in S;. :nuch is to be ex
pected, for the outline of work prepared for
ludes many important issues, and the
forei I educators of the State are expected to be
nt and take part in the dis upon the
problems involved. Much of the time of the con
vent: in the technical or
routine work of the Teachers' Association, but that
will not prevent di ration of other subjects
■ per import and of wider interest
A. f to the programme which has been an
cd one of the principal features of the proceed
upon the surest and prompt
of eh:nina:i^.£ personal and political inter
ference with our public school system. For the pur
pose of petting authoritative views upon the issue,
achers have invited a number of eminent men
to address them and take part in the debate. The
• therefore promises to be one which will
~t at heast some means of limiting, if not wholly
putting an end to. what has lone: been recognized as
one of the most sei -s i:i the way of
earnest educators.
The management of public ?choo!s in either the
r the country i^ never an easy matter under the
• ■ ircumstancc-. There are a tho-:- 'ncles
in t!:e way oi success. Tht teacher has to deai with
the perver^itie'; of childhood augmented by the in
fluence of pel* every unruly child
to be more unruly than he would be at a school
where there are le^er number?; there are the per
versities of parents vjho do not always exert an in
iluence that is helpful to the teacher; there are al^o
difficult problems arising out uf school l2\vs; and
when to all these are added the push :ind the pull of
• ians or job seekers forever interfering, it wi".
en that the career of a public school teacher i*
or.c that ca!! c for about as much patience, diplomacy
and energy a? any other in the world and receives but
small reward.
It bas been frequently pointed out that among the
prcate*t evils that affect and injure our system of
I'ubiic education are the frequent u=es of the schools
as parts of the spoils of politics; the u?e of school
• • 1 funds as perquisites by munici
pal 1 • reward their followers; the occasional
g of school positXMU by corrupt tru-tees; th:
- in the i r the ptu
of obtaining positions elsewhere: and the wasting of
school funds either by careic-inets. or by fraud.
M'.:ch ha? been sail of these evils and they have
been apain and apain exposed and denounced by the
press and sometimes bj Rrand juries. Up to this
time, however, no really effective method of getting
rid of them has been devised. Evidences of their
existence are to be found everywhere from Xew Knq
land to the Pacific Coast. There can be no question
of the readiness of the people to apply a remedy if
one enn be devised, for on no subject are all classes
Of any American community more united than on
that of keeping politics out of the schools. If, there
fore, the convention at Sacramento can formulate
any plan of action well designed to eliminate the evil
it will achieve a great benefit not only for the teach
ers but for the State, and for that reason its proceed
ings will be watched with more than ordinary interest.
PARK IMPROVEMENTS.
HUNDREDS OF GUESTS ARE
DINED BY SALVATION ARMY
NEARLY 1800 people of this city
have the Salvation Army to
thank for the Christmas dinners
they enjoyed yesterday. In New-
York City 29,000 were provided with
their holiday meal, while In the United
States the number amounted to IjO.ooo.
These were the reports marie yester
day to Lieutenant Coionel Evans of
the local religious body. The colonel
and his staff had worked hard during
the past'two months to provide dinners
for the poor hero, and the banquet, for
such it was. was held yesterday in the
basement of the Odd Fellows' building.
By m. mi of letters, street boxes and
collectors the army managed to secure
about 1000 pounds of the finest turkeys.
SOO pounds of beef. 750 loaves of bread
and a like number of all kinds of pl*-s,
betides boxes, sacks and barrels of ap
ples, celery, potatoes, etc.
For days past a corps of cooks have
been at work in the kitchen preparing
the food, and when it was placed upon
the tables it was tempting enough for
the daintiest. Six long tables, capable
of accommodating 4jo people, were soon
tilled on the opening of the doors at 12
o'clock. An hour later and a similar
number were admitted, those holding
tickets standing in a long line on Ste
WESTMINSTER, IN
DISTRESS, BACK
IN PORT AGAIN
The Transport Broke
Down on the Bar.
The transport Westminster was com
pelled to pat back Into port yesterday.
She sailed -from hero with 4"' horses and
mules and a cargo of fodder Sunday
afternoon, but got no farther than the
lightship. While on the bar a small stop
cock blew out and th.- steam escaping
into the furnaces blew a cloud of ashes
and cinders Into the bilges. The engineers
saw at a glance that in a few minutes the
bijge pumps would be choked and at once
notified the bridge. The captain- brought
the transport to an anchor and there she
remained all Sunday night and nearly
all of Christmas day keeping the light
ship company.
H. Wad) . third rr-slstant engineer, and
L i.»: a, an oiler, were slightly burned
m. Hansen was In
.ti'.n. having lost hi -
In the d» • ; :ng vapor.
of the Chinese firemen found and
U d hli to the i i ay. h- was lurned
about the hand?. YV;;d»' escaped with a
f< w siicht burn? and the fi^mar, was not
lnjui •
Ai»out noon yesterday Captains Batch
elder and Barneson of the transport
service went out to the disabled vessel
on the tug Relief. They found that it
was almost an impossibility to clear the
bilges while the vessel was pitching and
tossing on the bar. so they ordered her
back into port. Th*> work of fixing the
Westminster up again did not take very
long, and she will be ready for sea. again
this morning. The damage was slight,
but neither captain nor engineers would
take any chances by going off shore with
the bilge pumps liable to choke up at any
moment. The crew as a whole was se
cretly glad that the accident happened
as it gave nearly nil of them a chance
to eat their Christmas dinner ashore.
The Westminster came back under her
own steam. • * ,
Tile transport Valencia docked at Har
rison-street wharf yesterday. She will be
turned over to her owners during the
week and will then be jrpt ready for the
Cape Nome trade In the spring. The
vessel is to be thoroughly overhauled and
the Union Iron Works will put her boilers
In first-class shape. When completed the
Valencia will be in as good condition
again as when she went Into the trans
port service.
The Paciflc Steam Whaling Company
Intends running quite a number of its
vessels to the gold fields this year. Bo
sides the Valencia it will send north In
the spring the J<anle. Thrasher. Ex
celsior and Mary D. Hume. The latter
vessel was the pioneer of the steam whal
ing fleet to winter in the frozen north.
In nil she spent nearly nine years in the
Arctic, and when coming home this year
was nearly wrecked. Her stem was car
ried away and the vessel leaked s.i badly
that she nearly went down with ail
hands. She has now been rebuilt and
turned into as smart a little steam
schooner as there i? on the coast by Hay
& Wright. She will run between St.
Michael and Nome In connection with the
Steam Whaling Company's fleet.
The Thrasher has spent several winters
in the frozen north and the Jeahle was
one of the vessels succored by The Call's
relief expedition in 1897. Sho had a nar
row escape on that occasion, but has
been practically: rebuilt since then and Is
now as tine a four-masted steam
schooner as there Is afloat. ,
The Excelsior was the pioneer steamer
of the Klondike fleet three years ago
She left here with every inch of sleeping
room on her taken, and she bids fair to
so out again similarly crowded In the
ver.Fon street waiting their turns. Tho_
Fight of those guests at the taMo"
would excite sympathy of even the
hard-hearted. They wero waited upon
by the lads mi lassies of the army,
and whenever a plate was empty it
was immediately refilled. If the person
had the room for any more. Old men
and women, young hardy fellows in
hard luck, cripples and invalids, whole
destitute families and little children
feasted and were made happy by full
ness.
it is true there were some not spe
cially deserving of the kindness be-
Ptowod. but even they were not turnc-d
away fr- m the door, for Colonel Evan3
paid: "If any one is hungry enough to
ask for a meal; give to him as freely
as the Lord has Riven to us." and th<j
order was obeyed. This accounted for
the presence of the Chinatown "bum."
the tramp and the shlftlrss, who had
drur.k until their money was gone, and
the chance for a fine dinner was a god-
Fend. Not a fcv.- of thf latter worn
the uniforms of Uncle Sam, but It la
safe to say that not one of the wear
ers had ever seen harder campaigning
than riding a brakebeam. These fel
lows could l>e picked out at a glance,
for as soon as their stomachs were full
spring. "Jimmy" Quinn eoojs out on her
as chief enpir.cer. It is only a few we< ks
apo that "The Chief" said ho would n*:Vrr
go north agraln. but th-- Arctic has ch.irir.s
that draw him in ?piir> of himself. s*o he
has "slpned on" on the Excelsior apaln.
Qulnn spent three years on the Bal.iena
whallnp. and on his return to San Fran
cisco went straight boxjk again on tlie
Bolupa. He spent three years on her. and
on his return last October had the blgqest
payday ever seen on the front. His check
from the whaling company for salary
alone was in the neighborhood of JIO.XO.
The money Is safe in the bank, and "Jim
my" Is In harness again ready to double
his bank account.
The Christmas toy cot in Its work on
the front yesterday. Little Antone San
puinettl pot the present of an airpun and
proceeded to use it. He loaded it with MB
shot, but It went off before he was ready.
One of the shot lodged In the fleshy pt-.rt
of his index flnper. and Dr. Robinson hud
to extract It nnd dreiis the wound at the
Harbor Hospital.
The apprentice boys on the training shio
Pensaeola had a right merry Christmas.
Captain Glass pave the members of the
crew permission to Invite their friends,
and In consequence the tender Vigilant
was crowded on every trip she made. For
dinner the boys and their guests had roist
turkey and cranberry sauce, mashed po
tatoes, bread nn<l butt mince and
s<juash pie, orar.pt-s. nut* and misins.
For nipper they had cold boiled ham. ire
cream and cake and several other delica
cies. Lemonade was served throughout
the day' to all hands. The boys had a
most enjoyable ... after dinner all
hands assembled on deck and gave three
rousing cheers for Captain Glass and his
officers.
Beggars were plentiful on the front yes
terday. Some of them were really deserv
ing of Christmas charity, but the major
ity were bare-faced frauds. Drs. Morrl.-on
and Foulkr -s of the Harbor Hospital were
standing on the corner of Mission and
East streets when a well-dressed man
with a "peg-leg" came along. He had an
empty salve box in his hand and told a
pitiful story about an open wound on the
stump of his leg and no money to get the
prescription, that gave him Instant relief,
filled. Dr. Morrison examined the salve
box and sal«l. "I can do better than give
you money to have that thing filled. Co
over to the Harbor Hospital and I will be
there in a few minutes ■ and dress your
leg for you. Tell the steward you arc
waiting for Dr. Morrison." Tho beggar
thanked him and started for the hnspltnl,
but as soon as the doctor's back was
turned he went up Mission street on the
run and was not seen on the front ass In
during the afternoon.
f?N ARGUMENT IN FAVOR
OF THE BOND ISSUES
Th» Call il'-xmi net hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
present!" them for whatever valu« they may
have as communications <>: general interest.
Editor of The Call: Forty years as;o
in Boston a party of progressive citizens,
fully appreciating the future Kreatneps
of their city, organized for the purpose
of devising ways and means of straight
ening and widening their crooked and
narrow streets and purchasing land for a
park rystem. It was estimated that
$3,000,000 would put the etreets In order
and buy sufficient land for park purposes,
as property values were then vory low.
Scarcely had they put forth th. plans
when the "conservative" element of the
community rose In their mlßht and pro
tested that it was an outrage on the city,
■imply a job to provide driven for the
rich and tax the poor man out of his
home The arßuments were used then
ni a i . a . ! ! l Uch , ppeelsr eels w *re mere luxuries.
IMiln l they ha th . c Common ant l Public
Gardens? They had been sufficient In the
past, were they not sufficient for the
present and future? Who ever heard ol
wide streets in Boston? Who ever heard
lof fountains and beautiful drives? Who
i>ut a madman would be willing to put
the city In debt for such unnecessary
purposes? Wouldn't It be better, if we
must .nave those new-fancied ideas, to
tax the life out of the citizens as nny
n.tk.n;, human l,.in«? would do and buy
such thlnirs for cash?
»7Ja** v "."'' ni '"y" y " Ih " r aricuments w^rr
used against all effort! to place •■
Jn line for Its future development.
J has b*en t he r»-
It Is true there were no mortgage* cxc-
they congregated In the sun near by and
smoked the stumps of cigars or cigar
ettes made of cheap tobacco.
Hut the great majority were deserv
ing, and the feast, maybe the flrtt
good meal for weeks, was a blessing.
The stories of no work, rent duo and
want in all Its hlda»u»ness that were
carried Into the dining-room would be
heartsicker.ing. One family, father,
mother and live children, were deaf
mute?, and for w.«k3 bread and water
had been their fare. These were the
only ones, who did not appreciate the
music furnished by the Salvation
Army band, which discoursed army
tones from .1 raised platform at th*»
end of tbe hall. Some cam© with bas
kets and took away food for those at
home whom s!rkne«« had prevent*-!
from coming out. In fact, this dis
tribution was one of tho principal fea
tures of the army workers. Besides
the baskets hundreds of boxes contain
ing good nourishing food were sent to
the poor of the rlty. Even tho«« whom
the city fathers are supposed to pro
vide for, the unfortunates at the leper
colony, received a whole cartload of
pood things to eat. Colonel Evans
state* that the condition of the leper*
is shocking, medicines and the rommon
necessaries of life not being furnished
by the Supervisors.
These Christian workers do not pro
pose to cease their efforts to relieve
suffering humanity with the one Mjf
banquet of yesterday. On their books
are the addresses of scores of famine*
who have been reduced to distress by
poverty, and arrangements ar*» being
made to see that their sufferings ara
made Ice? by provisions, which will be
sent out during the entire winter; and
for all the good It is doing the Salva
tion Army is takine no credit to Itself,
but rather gratefully thanks t.-. - •
who are assisting In the work by con
tributing goods, fuel, money and cloth
ing which are being distributed. -
cutea to buy diamonds for shirt-fronts
instead of tho necessary pork and bears.
nor were there rows of sparkling foun
tain? erected In their court yards, but
their children have expanded because r.f
the widening and straitrht*-nin«r of streets
through condemnation proceedings on nn
average of more than $1,QOO.OX» per year
for tho past thirty years and more than
jIS.COu.OOQ fur park purposes and th« tnd
Is not yet.
Shall we profit by their mistake* ar.rt
prc-paro for the future? Or shall we do all
we can. as we have in the past, to retard
and delay the future of our city?
In conclusion, bear in mir.d that It 1«
all folly to say that you are In favor of
public improvements If you allow th«
'•other fellow" to do all the vutlnp. Re
member that every man who is opposed to
the bond issues will j-o to the polls and
his vote rvill count two asatnat your ona.
Respectfully JOHN E. QUINN.
City, December 23.
MORE PRAISE FOR
THE CHRISTMAS CALL
Angela Camp Record
Lnst Sunday's Call was one of ■'-• most
j artistic holiday papers ever Issued on th*
coast. It was full of news from th» first
page to the last one. The colored im
plement was indeed a beauty:
1' ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK DATE-C. It. City. ChrUtaas,
Is!., fell on a Saturday.
THE NEXT CENTURT-J. J. VT.. Me
lavs. and R. E. 8.. Monroe. Cal. The r«t
JanSS-.^if Cnce »- »lth the *« &TS
XONE IX DESBEND-C. 8.. Xewville.
iwi, cr ? is^° l * nltt!> <J States Consul at
T^. n &u'ca,g" C " U " Or la Ru "*»
THE SAMOAN ISLANDS-T. K. City
For reMabla Information as to th« pro?!
pec s for a young man with a •mail
capital who wishes to encase in business
on one of tho Samoan Islands. address \
L'niuafi n-u! at Apia. v*°°™.
Cal. glace fruit :jc per lb at Townsend's*
iXote SI Fourth street. 5c barber, grocer
best eyeglasses, spec*. ioc to 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally t»
business house* and public men by »k.
*£» CUPPtog >< Allen-™ 510 ien t^
gomery street. Telephone Main IMI V
A Pleasant- Meeting.
s, n f ' , rtm^ *? * Jolly crow,; of his eld
-J-- at a lunch at Z la iS
1• " .
Oriental to Install
Oriental Lod K e x o . 141. Kr..< ard \/v
copter Masons, will hold Its fifteen hunt
dro.l an.l nineteenth communication T
nl^ht. Installation of the iJctii in 1 ,? «„'
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-ve»tibuled Pullman toariit
•leeptns? am via Santa F* Root* Expert*-
wuriion conductor* accompany thes» t *ca-
•lon, to look after the w*if ar , of pa.sencer..
To Cblcaco and Kansa, City .very Sunday
Wednesday and Friday. To Boitcn. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lou,,
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket oftlcc. Xl Market .trwt.
N. new year 1 * tab!* !• complete without •
bottle of Dr. S'.eterfa . -tura Hitters th*
»reat South American tonic of exquisite Caver.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
The California Limited. Santa F« Rent*
Ccnnectln* train leaves I p. m Monday'
Wednesday. Frtdar and Saturday. Finest
equippe.l train and twit track of any Una to U>«
Ea»t. Ticket office. «2» Market M.w ._. w .-_ MISCELLANEOUS.
Stoves
i . r .
The stove combine is driving us out of the stove
business. : - Why? Because we sell stoves listed at
for $$o and .*•-■ ;•. Downtown stove-dealers
kick; they demand exorbitant prices — are not satisfied
with a dry goods profit, but want the pawnbrokers'
100 per cent
The combine is harassing -us beyond endurance
by petty tricks intended to injure our business. So
we close out 12} kitchen stoves at prices that will
make the combine sick — this is the way we begin:
-^S^^P* The Belle.
i -»—^- ><>^ One of Abram Cox Stove Com-
11X^3* "^^2^^L-T^ Trs^ pany's most popular stoves;
Wv- p'7^ts\?£f&*^(Rf adapted to any kitchen; embodies
'iSa^'>?^nS!j a " the essential conveniences of
€cTyult^H'^^3toHp*^[i range construction. Two sizes—
•\v '^^t ; x.|^v!sLgj^falt 1 *8 incll ar ' (i x mch — orna-
i. jP^^^^r^ytj merited with nickel work. Oven is
I !^d^ ! f^ r '^sgGX placed in reference to firebox to
(■S3&2? V?^V^' -SC?Si r oa at quickly and — bake
TF^X#£(<gO;^ija£^ equally well on topmost slide or on
•^fei'^xy*'* s^ \&M bottom; large ashpit and pan pre-
ff "O» vents possibility of dirty kitchen.
K3r Either flat or duplex grate. Stove
~ Combine's price is *fa r% g\
$35.00 for stove of equal value; our regular price js $27.50. 7S ZH
Our closing-out price v+r-^rvr^
A five hr.> range, made in two < W^f " ' ~I — r~~-^_
sizes, Nos. 7 and 8. Provided with a .>.ir.L^Jl, i "y
a liberal firebox, ashpit and grate . Efif j)^-^ /" ~W
cf best design. No. " has five K^JSS^S^SV^^mm
7-inch covers, 14-inch oven. V^^teg^C^iDO^iJ
loose end-hearth, top end-shelf, Tl sp : . :^^>\t^T<H' r^
smoke collar to go top or back, » t*^ !: l^^j^}
nickeled oven fhelf, ornamental, /jtffi^^-~V^A TZ~"^y
besides useful as rest for oven. mAvli' > «llivVs\ :
The Combine's price for sim- ]^y^M^lM^%^
ilar stoves $.20; our reg- | "*&& .""^Sb t*/
ular price $16; closing- | £ \js , "^.VrC
Dispatch. j Elm Leaf.
An ideal kitchen stove; sells usually Is 1 desirable kitchen necessity,
for <moo- ourc'io<sin<r- usually selling at downtown stores
lor V 30.00. oar closing CZ() forsjo.oa We sell them regalarly
out price 4>^Z..JU for $24.00, but now they *• « o
I are 4) I O
Pattosien's
Prices Please.
Sixteenth and Mission Streets, San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN C 22.
Tim FINEST EXTRAVAGANZA PRODUC-
TION EVER GIVEN IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Surh tca> the unanimous an>l enthuslaptJc.il-
If rvjiti-MKed \«nllct of the two crentert audl-
< li.' -eg e\rr a;«K-inl'!ed in a theater here.
TILL FCRTHEB NOTICE!
SIINB/\D
JVautlTul ballet «. beautiful marcheo. beauti- j
ful cofctume*. beautiful s;lrli«. l#autlful eons;*.
< 1.-ver art>t». funny comedians. t-iJe-rpllttinn
3'krs. Frank King's magn!fleent trannforma- .
tl n.
In consequence cf the enormous exp*"'* °J
IMb r>rL>duciion th« following rrtc»-s u'.ll j.re-
rall:
«irche*tra <P.rft eight ro«-b) 75c
Hnlan^e. of hrune lir»o and .".Me
• Jallerlen lOcand I""-
h'ntunlsy Matinee Prices IISc »nd ROo
HRANCH TICKET OFFICE-EM PQRIUM. i
rUEMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE OREAT
FOUGERE
The Senratlcn of Two Continents.
Thome and rarletnn. Hamilton Hill. Har-
riran anl a lio»t of Hlc Holiday
Attractions and Liht Week of
.Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Milton Boyle & Co.
ne*#rvcd Fe»t«. 2>; Ilalcony, 19c; Opera
Chairs and Uox Seats, W.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
fiOTAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
TICKETS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TUB PLACE TO TAKE THE CHILDREN!
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING.
Mattnees Saturday and N»w Year's Day,
The Gorgeous Holiday Extravaxanza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Without Doubt the Grratckt Show In FriFCo'.!
Pr»*er.tod l>y a Rig Double Company "
Don't Miss the BtTOtiat* Tranßformafion.
•♦BUTTERFLIES."
POPUI.AR PIUCES-K AND SO CENTS.
Seats on Fale One Week Mad.
Telephone. Bukli >.
fflfwmfaa-
THE PBOPUTB POPULAIt PLAY HOUSE.
<.di;uUo»iEU. PHONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIC.HT'. TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Or<utrtn Colored Show on Earth.
BLACK PATH Troubadours
Everything New Thin Week.
POPULAR PRICES.
rvenlnr I*. ::'C^3sc 60e and Tic
Vattnce iJf. -•<•• 2-^2 -^ anil -°«
STARTING NEXT SUNDAY.
/VHJIIK/*"V MIND MACK
——I V —
"r iNrviG«is t s boll."
Seats Thurxlay.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALJFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- 1900
Winter UeetlnK. December IS to December 31,
Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday. Tuesday, W«-.lnr-M»>\ Tlium-
ay# Fciday and HaturJay. Rnln or t<hlne.
Five ur rr<.re rai-^f each day.
flaw? Ftaii «t r:K. V n\ i-harp.
V'-rn -boats i<-ave fsan Jranclsco at IS m. nn.l
12.30. | 1:20. 2. 2:3" and 3 P- m - connect Inn
with' train* Vtopplns ' at the rntronce to the
t-ack Laft two cars on train re>erved- for la-
<3l*ii and thHr ej^orts; no Fmoklnp. 15uy your
ferry titket to Khell Mound. All trains via,
oak'iand llol' connect with San Pablo avenua
rlertrlc cars at Kevrnth and IlroadwaTi Oak-
la:id. Alto all train* vU Alam^la mole cnji-
nort with Snn Pablo avenue earn at Fuurteenih
and Rroa.lway. Oakland. Tli«-.-e electric cars
Co direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
P.eturtiinc— Train? leave the track at 4:13 and
4 1". p. ri. and Immediately after Urn last rnee.
TIIOM \S li. WILLIAMS JR.. Pretldent.
R. li. MILROY. Kecret.iQ-.
WfieldFGaE|l.ooprM
ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING.
Woman's Carelessness Costs the Life
of a Child. • .
TOPEKA. K.-.nF Dec. 23.— Maggie
Drnyer. the 14-year-old daughter of John
Draycr, was *hot and inptantly killed at
' 6 o'clock thU evening by Mrs. W. M. Tay-
lor. A number of children, including Mag-
gie Drayer. were at the Taylor house
playing w.'th popguns. Mrs. Taylor, say-
Ing fhe had something that would beat
I their pnpßuns. picked up an old musket,
which she accidentally discharged. The
entire load of shot entered the girls
breast. Death resulted Immediately. It
Is feared Mrs. Taylor will lose her reason.
Death of a Noted Scout.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 25.— IJushrod Un-
derwood, who achieved fame as a scout
In the army of Northern Virginia, died
here to-day, aged M years. Many deeds
' requiring great coolness and courage wore
credited to him by General R. E. Le*. and
Colonel J. S. Mosby.of the Forty-Third
Virginia Cavalry, to which command he
belonged.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER^:-
AN INTELLIGENT AND ARTISTIC TRIUMPH.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY'S
GRKATEST OP ALL SUCCESSES AND
SPLENDID SCENIC PRODUCTION
Of Kranklyn Fyle^s Powerful Play.
"CUMBERLAND '61."
IiNTIRE NEW AND THRILLING BCENERT.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Firft Production In America of the Great
Enilhsh Success.
WITH FLYING COLORS.
1« NEW AND MAGNIFICENT SCENES,
tirver <3 the rtayt —
Our Never Cnamting Popular Prices— Evening.
75c. We. 2Sc. Matinee. 60c, 25c.
SPECIAL MATINEE ON NEW YEAR.
SPECIAL.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
First Appearance of the Renowned Russian
Pianist.
vladim;r PACKMANN.
RESERVED SEATS-!?. $1 50, H.
On Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.*i
UNTIL 1 O'CLOCK. Then at the THEATER.
DOORS OPEN AT . 30.
' — —^_____
f^f^A BB&Z3I5IR& rxe
COLUMBIA £b
w Va^fta w Ma fey hJh*k T*c*nA
A "™|
TREMENDOUS
SUCCESS I
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT.
Litbler & Co. Present
HALL CAINE'S POWERFUL PLAY,
THE
CHRISTIAN.
FEATB NOW ON SALE FOR
FIRST TWO WEEKS.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT and Entire Week.
THE SALT OF ORIGINALITY. WIT AND
HUMOR.
CHIMIIE
FADDEN.
STRONGEST CAST OF THE SEASON.
SST* 15c 25c 35c 50c
MATINEE EVERT SATURDAY and SUNDAY
HIE FAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2G. 1809.
Glorified the
Savior's Name
OLORY to God in the highest.
/TT • and on earth peace, good will
A V^^ toward men." . .
y Robed priests have Intoned
{he mass in glory of the Sa
vior; ministers of the gospel
of every creed have knelt at
th« altar in commemoration of his birth;
from the throats of children have floated ;
anthems in his praise; around the tree of
gifts babies have danced with happy '
hearts, and even Into the dungeons and
through the wards where lay the sick and
dying the light of his mercy has brought
hope and love and gladness. Another :
Christmas has passed and with It even
the memory of the hardships of former
years have grown dimmer, but the I
black cloud of war has cast its shadow
over homes around* whose tires faces of a
year ago are missing and ever will be, as
they have fallen, martyrs to their coun
try, on the fields of battle.
Turning one's thoughts from the graves
of the dead to the bright homes of the
quick, to the tabernacles of worship and
the houses of pleasure, memory cannot
recall a merrier, brighter, more prosper
ous Christmas. From the windows of
many— a majority of the homes— candles
swinging gracefully from the limbs of
evergreens threw out their light, cheering
these who passed on their way to scenes
as bright. Even in the district where the
poor reside the kindly hand of charity had
reached, and bright-eyed children blended
their voices with those that sang a carol
of worship for the blessings of the presem
and Intoned In prayer, calling lor a better
fortune In the tuture. r
In the churches of the city the devout <
gathered and mingled their" tongues in
worship of the martyr of Calvary. Elab
orate .■!.:..- marked the celebration of
Christ", nativity at Grace Church. The
decorations were beautiful because of
their simplicity. Four- evergreen trees
were placed be fore the altar, with . here
and there a sprinkling of holly berries and
ferns. The music rendered by the regular
choir under the direction of Organist
Theodore Vogt was especially Inspiring,
and the Einging of "Noel at the offertory
by S. Homer Henley was an interesting
feature. The other numbers were: Open
ing anthem. "Christ Is -Risen" (Theodore
Vogtj; "Te Deum" (Holden);' "Jubilate"
iKet-s).
Dr. Foute's theme for his sermon was
"Christmas tho L'nlvercal Holiday."
Throughout his discourse he wove the
beautiful story of the nativity In a de
cidedly novel and Interesting way, a story
that appears never to grow old and al
ways enßages the best attention of the
trvil- Christian.
"The fact that people of all classes,"
said Dr. Fouto, "from the three wise and
powerful kings of the East down to the
lowly and humble shepherds of Bethle
hem paid homage to the new-born King
of mankind was but a precursor to the
acceptance of the Son of God by all the
tuitions of the earth. Christ was the only
man whose birth had been expected, !<••
had been tne desire of the world ever
pine the beginning of recorded time. They
looked for him In palaces, on thrones, at
the head "i vast armies, in Imperial
Rom*, and found him In a manger, down
among tho cattle. Christmas Is the crown
ing festival of redeemed humanity. Other
festivals have died with the people who
Instituted them, but the anniversary of
Christ's nativity has and will endure for
ages. Millions of people throughout the
universe are brought together In the ob-
Forvance of the day. Only China, Central
Asia and darkest Africa remain un
touched by its influence, but they, too.
will fall into line and soon the world will
cease warring and fighting and will meet
In one festival of peace and good will."
Father MacCorry. who on behalf of the
Paullst Fathers delivered the sermon at
St. Mary's Church. Dupnnt and California
streets,- spoke on the "Lowliness of
Christ. " An unusually large crowd lis
tened to his address. In part he said:
Is there room, think you. In our modern
Foclety tnr Jesus? Pass In at the ballroom
door. There Is mom (or many things In
our mMcm society; room for the 6lmperlng
imbecile; room for the i>alnted doll; room
for -■■ frivolous conversation; room for the
Idiotic laughter; room for the sting of
calumny; room for the traitor's fans: r»oiii
for 'the carol of nrisK-; room for lie rustle
cf silks; room for the blazing of Jf-v..-ls like
Mars beneath the light, and Incidentally
there is room for much improvement, but
little room for hrfst.
Why. speak the name of Jesus reverently
in >-u<-h an assemblage and men and women
startle In consternation and frltrht.
la there room, think you. for Jesus In our
Institutes of learning? How often arf the
thunderbolts of learning leveled at his heart.
How often are our universities the furnacoß
In which are "forced the nails that transfix
him to the cross." Who 1- Jesus that they
Fhciuld acknowledge him? Wrapped In their
Mai-phemous conceits, they know Him not.
Oh! may God forgive the nations: God
forgive society; find forgive our institutes of
learning; God forgive us all to-day. He
came to bless the world. He became - poor
for your Fake and mine. He died that we
might live. Ah! then, If a cruel world
Fhuts him out. at least make room for him
In your hearts to-day. Stand ye Invitingly
on. >'our thresholds to bid him welcome;
welcome to your lives; welcome to your
homt-s; welcome to your hearts Him whom
the world rejected In the beginning, for
Muslin
Underwear
To-morrow morning, December 27, 1899, at
eight o'clock, we begin our annual sale of
underwear at une-third less than regular prices.
Those who have purchased at former sales
know what a saving for them this sale means.
The stock constitutes samples from the
largest muslin underwear manufacturer in the
United States, and also what remains of our
fall stock.
Drawers, 20, 25, 40, 55, 65, 75c up to $3.30
Gowns, 40, 50, 65, 70, 75c up to £8.00
Chemises, 40, 50, 69, 65, 75c up to $4.50
Skirts, 40, 60, 75, 85, 95c up to £ 14.00
Corset covers, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50c up to $2.50
All garments are made from good muslin,
well sewed, trimmed with good embroidery
and will be sold for
one-third
less than usual
Write for our new illustrated catal<ygue.
139 Kearny St.
whom there was no room In the Oriental
inn. • '■ • • ',-.
In behalf of rr.ypr-lf and the clergy of this
church I wish you ■ "merry Chrl*tma»."
Th«* Joy and the thrill and the ecstacy of J
Christmas be with you all.
Although in some Institutions through
out 'the city the inmates through official
neglect were prevented enjoying the holy
day as they bad expected, the majority
were full of praises for tho kindness
shown them. At the City nnd county
Hosnital the unfortunate ill were royally
treated. Owing to the special donation
made by Mi Phebe Hearst and the con
tributions of other charitable people of
the city nothing was lacking on the
board. The lame, the halt and the blind,
and even those whom fate had laid pros
trate on their beds, enjoyed the Christ
mas meal and were nappy at the thought
that they had been remembered on the
birthday of the Son of God.
Poor, wasted beings at the Almshouse,'
men and women awaiting the end that
must come to all, were not neglected.
They Flppod their coffee over the bones
of turkey, and all who wanted It sipped
their wine. It was a merry day among
th>.- old people, and the eyes of many,
dimmed with age or disease, moistened
nt the thought of days— of a Christmas —
tKat had passed, but they were content
that their lot was not worse.
Christmas came as a day of Joy to the
many sick soldiers at tho Presidio— those
who have fallen for their country on the
fields of battle or whose devotion to duty
has stricken them with fever or other
disease. To some the future seems bright.
to others the last Christmas on earth has
passed; and they aTe awaiting the blowing
of taps after they have passed beyond
tho valley of the shadow of death.
Surgeons, hospital corps men and nurses
of the different wards quarreled good
naturtilly with each other in their ef
forts to make their special division of the
barracks the most attractive.
Christmas was most noticeable at the
Presidio by the change in the barrack bill
of fare, the immunity from work and
drills for regular and "rooky," and the
holiday crowds that strolled up and down
the post roads and lingered until the sun
set gun.
' The troop and battery cooks outdid
themselves and built around the turkey,
which formed the center of each feast,
all manner of army dishes. There was
plenty to eat rind to spare, and the sol
diers made good the lack of presents
with the plentiful presence of what there
was for the Christmas dinner.
In the hospital things were done on a
little more elaborate scale than in the
barracks. The corps table had a bill of
fare neatly printed in the hospital print
ing olllce, nnd the patients had another
differing slightly from that of the corps
men. The bill of fare at the corps table
was as follows:
SOUP.
Cream Tomato.
<-.\L.\l>.
Crab. Shrimp.
RBUBHC&
Radishes. Celery. Pickles.
ROAST.
Roast Turkey with Dressing, Cranberry Sauce.
VEGETABLES.
Mashed Totatoos. String Beans.
Uaked Kweet Potatoes. Sweet I'eas.
PABTRT.
J'lum Podding.
Mmc Tie. Jelly Cake. Cocoanut Cake.
Chooolute Cake. Xuts. Italstns.
Apples, Bread and Butter. Coffee.
The patient* had the sane menu, but
with the addition of crab and shrimp
mind and plum pudding. One hundred
and forty men of the hospital sat down
at the table and 375 patients dined in the
wards and patients' dining-rooms.
In the nature of 'things the majority of
the older people of tho city remained at
home with their youngsters and passed
Christmas in general merry-making.
Places of entertainment, however, were
open for those who preferred to pass the
day in a Bearch of such amusement. In
consequence a large audience assembled
at tho Ttvoli to enjoy "Little 80-Peep,"
the holiday extravaganza, which was put
on for the tirst time Saturday night. It
was an appreciative audience, too, and
Ferris Hartman, as usual, came In for tho
major portion of the applause, which was
liberally distributed throughout the per
formance. But, while Ferris was tirst. the
other stars of the cast were by no means
given the overlook. Alfred C. whelan, as
Old Mother Hubbard, was a whole show
in himself and kept everybody In an up
roar, while Phil Branson contributed his
full share to the entertainment. Miss An
nie Llchter as no-Peep and Miss Annie
Meyers as Little Boy Blue were all that
could be desired. The chorus, splendidly
costumed and perfectly trained by Miss
Ida Wyatt, produced a pleasing effect,
while the special scenery which is used
in the production added to the magnifi
cence of the spectacle. Altogether, for a
.musical farce. "Little 80-Peep." barring
a few scenes where the action drags a
trifle, is a pronounced success.
Such was the way the rich, tho poor
the ill and the dying passed Christmas
day in the city. For the many It was a
day of pleasure and content— for the few
a day of sorrow, but .yon unto them
there came a ray of hope for a better fu
ture, and th" more fortunate offered their
prayers that their hopes might be real
ized.
Rev. E. Xelander of the First English
Lutheran Church preached a beautiful
Christmas sermon -to his congregation
yesterday morning. The subject of his
dlscourno was "The Choir of Heaven In
the Fields of. Bethlehem." In part he
said:
Swing open th» Kates'. .Come In, O Christ
mas day, fragrant with a thousand memor
ies, and tell us again of Him who forsook
a throne to be cradled In a manger. This
day Is the birthday of Prince Jesus. Shall
It be celebrated by cannon's roar and the
ringing of bells as when an earthly prince
Is born? Nay; rather let the bells of lov
ing hearts rinc out peals of gladness and
Joyous songs salute the new-born King.
This day Ii monumental. All history Is
balanced on the solitary pivot of the nativ
ity. The world then discontinued Its old
reckonlngd and. began anew with its Anno
Domini. Every page of Scripture points to
it. for It la not only the central iioint of
history, but all the truths of Christianity
revolve around It.
Let u», then, leave for a little every care.
that we may "see this thing that has come
\? ?? s £- ' Let us liasten to tha fields of
Jlethlehcm and listen to that angelic choir.
liehold! The whole concave of heaven is
dazzling with a celestial light. Hark!
Voices are ringing In our ears: "Glory to
•-■od In the highest, and on earth peace, good
will toward men."
To-night tho Central M. E. Sunday
school. .Mission htreet, between Sixth and
seventh, will celebrate its Christmas an
niversary. J. W. Krwin. president of the
California Camera Club, will deliver a
{fcture on 'Childhood's Healm," and will
Illustrate It by a lares number of line
sttreoptlcon views. Music and other
Christmas exercises will be included lv
tho programme.
Th,, children In the San Francisco Meth
odist Orphanage, located at Twenty
ifth sirc-et. will be visited by Santa •
mis evening. An Interesting programme
of exercises will commence at s> o'clock
under the direction of Mrs. Courneen the
in, and .Mrs. I. T. Trum;m. th- chair
man of tho lacks' commlttn-. a Christ
mas tree, loaded with presents for the
children, will be a feature of tho sven
iriK and everything will be done to make
g Jr,i tlle llt * arts o* the little ones. Th
public are cordially invited. Admission
will be free.
Bt Mary's Cathedra] had its usual large
attendance yesterday. At the 11 o'clock
solemn high muss the magnificent «-di«.-o
was thf scene of a brilliant
boi»mn high mas* was celebrated at that
hl ' l ' r u w Hli "ii the pomp and ceremony
which marks that important event. Choice
music was rendered by the chol
Dy an orchestra. Acolytes to the n ■
"i forty, attired In tlu-ir robes occupied
in the sanctuary. The
brilliantly lighted with scores of m
candlefl and red Incandescent lamn
roundjng it were potted plants and iii.vs
ers appropriate to the season of the
Rev. j. j. Prendergast, V. <;., w .
rant <>f the v. .- . He had for his as
sistants X.-v. j. B. Mannisan, de
..!'),• lj - v Den»P*«yi sub-deacon, and Rev.
i hiiip ( 1 Ryan, master of len mon
Rev. Charles A. Ramm preached the
sermon on the day and its significance.
it was v ihort as it was beautiful He
told the story of the nativity and dwelt
on th.« spirit of the child, fte regretted
that its spirit did not pervade the world
and tli.it those in it would not forget the
spirit of enmity and Beliis!
"Tho Circumstances of the central event
of the nativity are ao very simp!" " lv
said, •that it seems evidently ■
that we should approach them In the
sp:nt of prayer and meditation."
Th.- musical programme included a num
ber of beautiful selections, which wen
with splendid effect by the choir under
the direction of Professor H. J. Han
who presided at th> organ. The soloists
were: Miss {Catherine mark and Mr*
: Kelleher, sopranos; IClse Julia Bul
livan and Mrs. Strffani, sltos; David Man
lloyd, tenor; S. J. Sandy and ]< >.crt
Hums, bassos. Tlir- riioir was augmented
•. large chorus and orchestra which
assisted in rendering tho following
gramme: Hummel's mass in X Rat;
Adam's '*Noel": offertory, Novello's
"Adeste Fideles"; post canticle, B
yen's "Hallelujah Chorus."
DRANK THE HEALTH OF
EMINENT GRAND MASTER
EVENT IN THE COMMANDEEY
HALLS, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
Golden Gate and California Join to
Do Honor to the Head of the
Fraternity.
In aecnrriniir,- with thi- annual cuFtom
every commandery of tli. Knights Tem
plar In the United States and ;•
wherever located, even in Urn far ofl
Ipplm -. irai at ambled in its commandery
hall ut precisely & o"cloik yest.-rday
morning and there drank the health of
the moat eminent grand matter of the
Grand Kneamipment of the United States,
IleuLen Jledlcy Lloyd of this city. The
toaat In each commandery wa
by the eminent commander ami tome one
responded on Lchult ot the head Of the or
der.
In this city the ceremony was not as in
• t by each oommandery In its indi
vidual hail, but the membera uf California
Commandery were the gu.-ts of G
Gate Commandery in the asylum cm Sut
t-r street, and v,\>- two command
Joined in doing honor to the grand m
who is a member of Golden Gate. Emi
nent Commander tstr Knight Joseph «*.
Campbell (jf Golden Gate proposed the
toast, which is the Harm- at each reunion,
and Sir Knight Lloyd gave the response
as prescribed by the rules of the order.
He then delivered an ail. tress, which was
the ni"si eloquent that has ever i>een dc-
Uvered by that very able speaker in a
commandery hall. One of the audit. >rs.
and they represented in large numbers tho
most prominent, men of this city, said at
the conclusion, "Sir Knight Lloyd has
often electrified v* with his eloquence,
but this time he surpassed bJmselx."
In the hull on the upper f10,. r .if the
asylum there was spread a lons table on
which there was distributed the choicest
glass and silver w..re, and amid th
of mistletoe, California holly and other
Christmas greens \\<r>- i:-rj?e crystal bowls
of beverages that were pleasing to the
ey< and exquisite to the t.tstf. in addi
tion there was an abundance of toothsome
sandwiches and delicacies that tickle
the palate. And there was no lack of the
flmst pparkliiiK wines. Full justice was
done to what there was on the table, and
then In addition to this feast there was
one "f oratory, for Sir Knight Samm-l If.
Bhortrldge delivered an oration and there
v. •• a number of impromptu toasts.
The spirit of fraternity that was tnanl
f. *-!-.l between the members of Golden
Gate and of California, of which Sir
Knight John Tonnlngsen Is the eminent
commander, has never before been ex
celled In any body of the Masonic broth
erhood.
Was Almost Scalped.
Thomas Fitzpatrlck of 156 TVhama
street borrowed a horse' and buggy from
tho Rlncon Hill stables, Fremont and
Poison streets, yesterday morning: and
started out to celebrate the day. In the
afternoon while driving alone Shipley
street, between Fifth and Sixth, he fell
OUt of thu buggy, landing on top of his
head. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, 'where it was found that his
scalp was nearly torn off. Dr. Stephen
had to use eighteen stitches to sew up the
wounds. Fortunately tho skull was unin
jured. •
Again Charged With Forgery.
Peter Dorgano, steward In the Golden
\v- • Hotel, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Dillon and Crockett and
booked at the City Prison on a charge if
forgery. He is accused by his brother
An.lriw with forging the name «.f another
brother, Antone, to a bank book .>f th«
Hibernla Hank ami drawing S76SM last
April. He was arrested for forgery in
March, but the case Wfts dismissed in the
Police Court. Now the detectives pay
they will produce the evidence of Antone
that Peter had no authority to sign his
name. ,
Death of an English Jurist.
LONDON. Dec. 25.— Baron Ludlow of
Htywnnd, former Recorder of Exeter and
subsequently Judge of the Court of Ap
peals, died to-day, In his seventy-third
year.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FAMOUS MASTER OF THE ENGLISH SCHOOL
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. 3* hn C V
Frothtnghum Jr.. Arthur BMbW, hll
IX. THOMAS GAINSBOROUGH.
BY ARTIITK IIOKHER.
Among th« proup of sturdy Kn^llnh
painters who flourished durloi
of tho four Oeorgf Thon
boroujrh stands out Qromim-ntly i
most brilliant of the coterie,
the most versatile. Apart from hi
tun ■, lim\. :lv»-ly
little about him, wtaleh is all i
Biarkable when we eoaaldi r the lull
be exerted on the art of h:.s country and
the high position accorded him by hi
temporaries. Ho was a portrait p.umer
THOMAS GAINSBOROUGH.
From the original, by himself, in the P. my.
who divided the honors with his dis
tinguished rival. Sir Joshua Reynolds;
ho painted the beauty of English woman
hood as no one ever did before or since,
and In addition he was a landscape
painter of the first order.
Naturally so gifted a man must
been little short of a genius— a
which really described this lnterestin;,
artist, Since hia SU< •
of Uttle stud> "T preliminary training,
but came rather by intuition, sir .1
Reynold* said of him: '"if era ti.
tlon should produce genius sufficient to
acquire to us the honorable distil
of an English school, tho name of Gains
borough will be transmit t«d to po
In the history Of art among th
of that rising name." And it will be re
membered that Sir Joshua had n>> r
to I" "V«-rfond of the man, for the;,
deadly rivals In their art.
Thomas Gainsborough was born In
May, \"Ti. His highly re
spectable people Of tho middle elai
at the time of the boy's birth wen liv
ing In Sudbury- The mother had
small taste in pain:
in touch with the aim Of b< I
tlngulshed eon. Aa a child ho sk<
-. and at 14 his parents were so
Impressed with his tiU« nt that he was
sent to London and placed under the
of a goldsmith, as a practical way of de
:ig his art taste. Then ho B
engraver pained QraTelot, %\ho was lm
1 with his ability ai
gaining for him admission to t!
Martin's Lane academy, then a popular
art school in the metropolis. From
Qravelot the lad Thomas obtained much
valuable Instruction In •
thr>>- y< ars he worked at the a ademy,
where he f«ll in with a d
hiicl it is presumed that
his time •
qualntances; th. s<- habits nf conviviality
dung to him through his lat.-r life. That
! I work, however, there is no 
and, i ■ • i : i tr naturally mick. I
pltshed much more than the ordinary
pupil. Tiring of school Iff--. I
out for himself,
:i and setting up as a full-fl
painter. While waiting for
who rarely r him. be paint
ed many land.-' : ible pot-1
which be sold to the dealers at absurdly
small ?ums. When ■ me h.
charged from x.i to £", for a portrait. A
y«;ir of this was so discouraging that h>
packed up and returned to his native
town. «;.-r>-. «ith th<- prestige Of his
London experience, he became m
:' a moderai i bucci
painted landscapes with nr>rt .
than hltlurto.
Aiwa attractive personally and having
much distinction of manner, a character
istic which clung to him through life, his
life In the metropolis added an extra pol
ish and refinement which greatly im
pressed his provincial friends. At 19 be
married. vague reports orthe woman
of hla choice give little insight into his
home life, save that the wife was an or
dinary woman and beneath him in every
way. She was a Miss Margaret Burr and
■he bad a dowry of £200 a year. It is re
ported that she was a natural daughter of
the Duke of Bedford. Whatever the in
advisabillty of the union, it does not seem
to have handicapped him in his art. and
shortly he removed to Ipswich, where for
fifteen years he lived in great content
ment, turning when the day's work was
over to his music, to which he was pas
sionately devoted, In the meanwhile the
convivial habits acquired in London were
continued here, and with his friends he
made merry in the tavern and drank far
Into the night; not, however, as It ap
pears. seriously to the detriment of his
art. for he went steadily forward in his
work.
An Important change of residence took
place when Gainsborough, upon the ad
vice of an influential friend named Thick
nesse. went to live at Bath. That city
was then the most fashionable resort In
all England, and probably no town of
fered greater advantages for a portrait
painter. Ftople of wealth and social po
sition, with' plenty of time hanging Idly
on their hands, welcomed the opportunity
to sit to the artist, and from the begin
ning, having taken a pretentious house,
Gainsborough never lacked for patrons.
He now charged 40 guineas for a half
lentta portrait and 100 for a full-length,
and had about all he could do, though he
still found time to paint landscapes. The
Royal Academy was founded In it- - and
Gainsborough contributed to the second
exhibition. His connection with tho Insti
tution, however. Is somewhat obscure,
though an R. A. was appended to hi«
name In the first catalogue: but he hid
frequent and serious quarrels about the
hanging of his pictures, and was rarely
out of hot water with the authorities of
tho place. Indeed, he seems to have been
of a somewhat impetuous disposition, and
had many misunderstandings with his
friends all through life.
Thick:) himself gave Gainsborough
many commission! both at Ipswich and
Bath, and lor him he painted a picture of
some yachts passing Landguard fort, with
a foreground of shore, with cattle. The
work, which was subsequently damaged
so as to be lost, was engraved, and the re
production added considerably to the
painter's reputation and spread his fame.
For twenty years Thlckncsse, who was an
astute man of affairs, devoted himself to
Gainsborough's Interests, and even after
that time, though separated by a serious
quarrel, be still maintained an active In
terest In the painter's career, doing i in
many services and calling attention to the
excellence of his work. In time Gains
borough's reputation attracted the atten
tion of King George 11. Pictures sent to
the Royal Academy and portraits of dis
tinguished men and women gave Gains
borough a vogue, so that he felt com
pelled to return to London and make the
most of his talents In a material wuy.
Thither in 1774 he went, establishing him
self in part of a handsome residence In
Pall Mall. Almost at once the King sent
for him and had him paint the portraits
an Dyke. Dr. Ruszcl! Sturgls. Dr. A. I*.
tr and ethers.
of hlmsnlf and the Queen: aristocracy
followed suit, nnd before loiir the palmer
was overwhelmed with commissions.
About 1773 there was produced the fa
mous portrait of Master Uuttall. known
n* "The Ulue Hoy." ona of his master
pieces, and said at the time to have Dttn
painted as n practical refutation of Key
nolua dlttum that In the manes of llKnt
in n picture the toui rolors should »>o kept
runordinatc. Now the lad «an rlothe.J in
a suit of blue from h»a<l to f.-ot. and. a»
ther^ Is little warmth In that tone th©
biiccesa of tho experiment was somewhat
against the thcori.s of the older man Th*»
story Is an Intercstinj? one. but It Is feared
there Is real y little foundation for lv
However. It Is a beautiful picture met
the man evolved. anri
It is highly prob.iblo
that Jt was inspirit!
solely by a love of
the daring In art.
The original li In th*
possession of tho
Duke of Westmin
ster: a replica,
nhout which there
has been some dis
pute. Is now owned
In this country. All
this tlrao many land
scapes were exhibit
ed, and the critics
•w»>re widely at vari
ance is to their p > r
its. as wf ro the pub
lic as well This was
to th»» charrrln of the
artist, who desired
pucc«ss no less for
his irk after nat
ure out of doors than
for his figure compo
sitions or portraits;
but It was not to be.
nnd his amh!.t!on la
this direction was
never realized, for,
although the worlil
has come to admlro
his landscape work.
It Is In portraiture
that his efforts nro
best appreciated, and
on this rests Ms
« I aim to fame. Tho
landscape work
shows tho Inspira
tion of the school of
Claud, and is a mingling of the classic
with tho realistic. The compositions
are somewhat conventional, ami th-»
forms of the trees arc nearly always
preconceived, but the color urn the feel
ing are of the first order. Still, as com
pared with his portraits, they have
neither the power, thu distinction nor the
convincing quail that are pre-eminent
there, and they must of necessity tako
second place.
Of few extravagant habits. Gainsbor
ough's splendid Income sufficed for all
his wants. He spent freely In the pur
chasing of musical Instruments, for which
he had a- passion, and at his death he left
qulto a collection; and. aa ha* been Bald,
he was convivial, but even In his extrava
gance was mild. He died in July. 17SM.
from cancer. Sir Joshua Reynolds wan
sent for/ and generously forgetting th«
breach between them, came at once and
was with him aa he passed away. Hl*
last words were: "We aro all going to
heaven, and Van Dyck is of the party."
Although exceedingly dexterous with his
materials, Gainsborough Mt the highest
standards for himself, being most par
ticular and painstaking In all he did. It
not Infrequently happened that he de
stroyed before his sitters portraits that
were eminently satisfactory to them, ex
claiming that hi could not get that which
ho was after: he maintains! a most dig
nified position in regard to his art ami
his professional standing, not hesitating
to resent arrogance or familiarity even
with the most important patrons, many
of whom were bowed out of the studio
never to be permitted to re-enter under
any circumstances. Ho w;is perfectly de
voted to h!s art. and would often after a
hard day's work sp^nd the entire even
ing amusing hlnwlf painting by candle
light. Indeed. Reynolds, referring to this,
thought possibly the habit of working at
night disclosed to him many secrets of
color, for he maintained "by candlelight
not only objects appear more beautiful,
but from th«lr being In a preater breadth
of light and shadow, ns well as havlnjr
a greater breadth ami uniformity of color,
nature appears In a higher style, even the
Mesh seeming to take a richer and higher
color." The splendor of fSalnsborough'a
color was not equaled by nny of his con
temporaries, and the distinction he gavo
to his portraits was unique. Like all gen
iuses, he was uneven, and It not Infre
quently happened that hi.* drawing was at
fault. It was In the portraits of women
that he wax particularly successful, fop
he gave to femininity all of Its charm,
refinement nnd subtle beauty that so ap
peals, nnd which la so difficult of realiza
tion. These likenesses of English women
had soul, personality ami the flash of
life: and. finally, r.s one of his critics puts
It cleverly, be had the "Intemperate ex
cess of distinction."
ARTHUR HOEBER.
New York City.
WIFE-BEATER DULLEA
LODGED IN THE TANKS
ARRESTED BY POLICEMEN Mc-
CORMAC AND TYRRELL.
The Suspected Murderer Refuses Ab-
solutely to Make Any State
ment-iWas Neatly
Captured.
"U'ife-beater Jeremiah Dullca, whO3© wife
died on Sunday night, supposedly from
the" effects of a beating he had adminis
tered earlier In the day, was arrested last
night by Policemen Tyrrell and McCormac
and lodged In the tanks at the City Prison
pending the result of the Coroner* au
topsy. The policemen, who are connected
with Captain Si>illano"s division, had abso
lutely nothing upon which to work but
a poor description of Dullea given by tho
landlady of the house ut 733 Kolsom street,
whore he and his wlfo lived.
Late yesterday afternoon Tyrrell and
ilcCormac got a tip that Dullea some
times frequented the Lindell House, a
cheap bed house at the corner of Sixth
and Howard streets. They went there
about 9 o'clock last night, and when they
arrived at the clerk's office at the head of
the stairs the policemen noticed a man
answering Dullca'a description talking In
un excited fashion to Antone. the night
cli'rk. The policemen listened, and they
heard him tt 11 the night clerk to put h!rn
in a room and if anybody called for him
to say he was not there.
Tyrrell and McCormac accosted the ex
cited mr .i and he reluctantly admitted
his Iden.lty. but swore ho did not Inflict
any injuries upon his wife which would
cause her death. After placing Dullea In
the tank* the policemen went to a saloon
at the corner of Sixth and Kolsom street.*,
where they found tho ax which Dullea
was seen to have taken with him when ho
left his wife's room. it van nicely
wrapped up in a newspaper. Dullca re
fused to make any statement.
United Commercial Travelers.
r the
United iVmniTii.v, ] wffl rive a
Krur.il ball
of Friday next In [ Hall
M :• tlinn 100 ir
fd th»> ln\ . ' '
■
fair will l>« undf-r t
llcm T. !' l' r -
Hit- hl-r. 9. J-:
S. Judfl. I
■or manat'T.
Weds at Seventy-Six.
LINCOLN, Nrbr.. Doc/25.— Former Got.
crnor Robert W. Furr.as. now in his TSta
year, and Mrs. S. D. Jameson were mar
rlcd to-day at the hfome of the bride at
Brnwnvllle. For fifteen years Mr. irnaa
has been Secretary of the State BoaM of
Agriculture and Is well known In tho Cen
tral and Western States as a Luccc&sful
fair manager. Mr. Furnas lost his flrs.
wife three years ago. . -..••
78
MURDERED HIS
FRIEND DURING
A DRUNKEN ROW
John Fitzgerald Now
in Jail.
— *
ARRESTED IN THIS CITY
»
Taken to Redwood City by Sheriff
Itfnrsfl.eld to Await the Result
of the Inquest by the
Coxoner.
John Fitzgerald, who shot nnd killed
John Lennon In their shack, near Holy
rr-ss Cemetery. Sunday niKht. was ar
p •••• ■! at the r*^!den«o of a friend, James
I, N'oonan. 220 I.arkin street, yesterday
morning by PctcrtlYcs Anthony and
Dlnan and Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo
County. .'.n<l taken to the City Prison.
Later he was taken to Redwood City by
ihe Sl-.«rlff.
Fitzgerald went to Noonan> house
nbout l ovioek yesterday inorninc He
»a« eonsiil.rab'y under the Influence of
liquor and tli«-re wj a cut <m his head.
Ho said he had killed a man. liut would
not Bay who the rr.un was. Xoonan ad
tfsed him to p. • to bed and hurrcr.der
i mm If to the polio*- Jn the morninp. 14.
v. as at tils litvakfasl wlien the nlTirers
r:<mi» Into the house and plnoed liim
under arrest. He refused to make any
slat.ment. His face was swollen und
brulMd.
Fitzgerald was a eloak-ruttcr for A.
Rhlr^k & »"n., 22 1 ! Ilu?h strert. He was
aorklng Sunday till noon and on his way
home K"t <Irunk. !.<:in<in. who was a
teamster for the cemeteries, and Kitz
p«:ald had Jlv.d to^ethor for years in
[b*> shack. They wore the best of friends
w!:':i vil'<T. 1-ut fr«-'iuently qunrroled
i\ - hen <lr;mk. l-« nnon had als(» br«n drink-
Ins Sunday, and It is Mipposed the two
quarreled and had ■ ticht. Fitzjreralil
'nenrwent Into hi* l>^<lr<>.irn nnd arming
:i:n-i l f with an «iltl BprinKli»l<l riflt- stood
i,! i!:.' kiti'l;en 'lunr ;md llrod the fatal
■)',•<•. s r.t Lonnon, who w;j« in the kitchen.
Fitzgerald is ;i widower and has two
rhl!'!r<n. a boy and a slrl. in the l'ro
testam Orphans* Home. Hi> is <s years
d! age and an rdurate«i man. He ha?
;■.!' .-'..1 .1 vulrnii of piietry and was :t
frr<4u« nt contributor to the press, at
1:m kir.fi iho Sprlt:s Valky Water da
[winy. Ixi iron had l>. en twi.v married.
Mis firM wif<» <l!<-il and he was dlvorred
from tho second. Hv was about .■%» yi-ars
nf .!!:<•. H" l<a\rs <»n<- child. He has «
lirothcr, a Catholic priests and two other
irotl crs arc «mpl"y«<l at Tanforan lark.
l-"it7.t:i-raM aT i'i.q ilm«j_ owned cuiisldur
ithli' i-n-Mrty at Millbra*-. but It was
-old »ind«T for^cl'isuro and lie rcaj>ed no
Ix-nefit from n.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
Anxious Inquiries About Hyde W.
Rickey. .1 Guest at the Palace.
Considerable nnxiotv is felt ngardtngi
tVir myMTious disappearance of Hyde YV.
!
Rickey. .1 >oung man who up to Deoom
1>« r IC ia:-t was r. truest at the Palace. Qli :
l»«rrn:l»r 1' Kl- k<y arrived frnm New,
Y< rk City ami nfter registering was as- |
Finned a 1001:1. F<mr da> s later he a«k«-d !
to tvr directed tr* tho Waldeck Sanatorium. ;
raying that ho wan compelled to undergo ■
un <<rt-rat!on for a physical ailment. ii. |
j:t!.: t.iv uill and lefl ostensibly to g ( j to I
the panat'iriuni but returned in the even- ;
lr.g of the sam« day and Informed tii«« i
clerk that he could not st-our*- acoomnw- !
datlonn it \).>' Waldeck immediately. i>ut
had r.:mU> arrargementu to be taken in on
I mlw 16. He left on that day telling
the t-1.-rk thai he would return to th»*
hinfi after he had recovered from me
«ijx ration.
Ir. the tnerr.'irr.e two or three trlegr.-.trjs
nrrlv.,l fi..m his father. J. K. lilok<y of
ihe Hoffman llouiie in New V«irk. arnl
these WCr* forwarded to the WxJdeclc A
telephone message was received Srom that
Institution plating th.it v.n such person
us Hyde Itlekey was a patient th.^re. In
quiry a: all the horpit.nls and health In
stitutions 'n the dty failed to locate the
young man. In the meantime another)
Megram was receivtsl addresse<l to the 1
hf>t< I and on ln'ire opened proveil to be \
fr«.tn the father a^kl:'.c for information as j
to the whereabouts of his *.m. Ten days
have pasted since young Rickey left tiie |
hotel, no < 1. w has :i« yet l«een ohtaln^l as I
to where lie has gor.e. and grave fears !
nr«- 1 < -!t;s « nt'Ttain.d regarding his sate
ty in a xtrange dty.
. ♦ .
- Fest
i
HARD-LUCK JIMMIE MEETS
A SAD CHRISTMAS FATE
I
■
:•
■
■
■
I
■
- • •
w.is oroKcn. Jif cieo on the operating table while the curgeor.s were working
owr him.
Jlmrale Berry was one of the characters of the town. He was known by near
ly fvrrylx'rty who tn.il ihr> primros* paths and pass their existence under the
Clare of the s-ptm« ring rl«-ctrie lights He knew every nook ami corner of the
trr.dVr!oiii and he was familiar with the history of its habitues as far back as
the Cays «>r »"*««/!>' sixties. During his career Berry naturally became possessed
nf s. Ir< t.« which f aln d wouM rend snci.-ty to the core, but thi> rich young bloods
who patronl2"«l Jimml.- wire well aware that he said less about their midnight
fscaj.ndfs than nnyl.rxly. Thiii trait in his character won him much protitable
custom and many friend*.
••Han! I-uck Jlmml^.' 1 «s he was familiarly called by those who lead ■ rubber*
tired life afu-r the pun is well on its journey to the w«-Ft. came to California In
lt£2."JUtd utter wnrkinß In the laundry business for a year or two he was employed
l»y tlvc Occidental Hotel to driv.» one«of Its carriage.*. n*rry held this position iin
ill is..-., whon he went into business for himself, lie located his stand at the cor
ner fit Hush and Mmitßcmory streets and operated seven hacks. At that time
Berry «as the foremost hackman In the city. He was ii born wit. and men like
John IV. Hacks?: Jarms C. Flood and the lattcr's partner. William O'Briei usod
to duster about Jimnil«-'s stand and listen to him talk for hours. and then ride
lii.m«- in one of his hacks. These \v.-re off ».r moved nu; of the State In those days
rears many of his wealthy patrons d ! «>d «>ved out of the State In those days Jlm-
Jlmmie had money. H<: tarried It *n his overcoat pocket and It belonged to every
body. Jimmies lavish generosity won him the empty title of "a good fellow."
fesn went by and Herry's business dwindled down to on«* hack. He moved up to
\ho corner <>t lost stre»-t and Grant n venue, where for the last twelve years he
has paced :he pavement nightly under th«> glazed shadows of the Uohemlan Club
There th^y gave Berry th« sohriqtiet of "Hard Luck." His hack was the oldest
Jn town and the rounders christened it the "Ark," but few there were who would
rather ride !n a more pretentious carriage.
The r.ews of Berry's sad death spread quickly over th<» tenderloin, and last
night there wj.s many a Christmas sip taken on the cocktail route that was sol
emnly dedicated to his soul's rest.
He leaves a widow and two children.
EXCITING CLIMAX OF
A CHRISTMAS WOOING
JOSEPH HKGGERTY, a rural gen
tleman from tho wilds of Bethany,
ban Joarjuln County, is the hero
*of a Christmas wooing that near
ly led him to the Morgue instead
of the altar. He is now in jail nursing
a broken head and a hand that is all
shot to riocep. All the ardent love
fliat fired liis l,clng~ when he Teft^ne
wheat fields of San Joaquin. intent
upon remarrying his divorced wife.
formerly the Widow Crow, lias been
scattered like chaff before the north
wind that Mows in the country where
Heggerty has his home.
The injured man went up against
Jim Crow, the widow's son, but th'.s
Jim Crow proved that lie is not the
gentleman of tradition. Hfggerty
knows it now, and is sorry that he
was not wise before he undertook to
a sain wed the widow.
Twenty years ago Heggerty and
Mrs. Mary Crow, widow of the orig
inal James, fell in love with each
the other walls wore a number of small
paintings appropriate to the day. dec
orated with l«>nc garlands and streamers
of German-American colors In graceful
festoons. At the head of the hall was an
Immense Christmas tree, loaded down
with many presents for the little ones
and for adults. Th'rc was great gl««
when the presents were distributed by
our of the members, who represented
time-honored Kris. There was a pro
gramme of dances and a. collation. Tho
committee that had charge of the festival
was Itt Kllpgtr. Gustave Fagda and
Frank Holmson.
. m ■
HLART DISEASE
Th? Do.ith of the Hawaiian Million
aire Was Due to Natural Causes.
by
■
. ■
: i !■•• dilai
•i .if iii.- h- .at. The
■
r several
raldla
k Immi '■
■ r Hill said t hat
I
• ■ -;t. It is ■
JAMES BERRY.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 2C>, 18)9.
other and wore married. Continuous
turmoil characterized their married
life after the honeymoon, and it was
ended three years ago In a divorce
being granted Mrs. Heggerty. Evi
dently there was still a warm spot In
Heggerty's heart for his ex-wife, for
he frequently suggested to her to call
It off and remarry him. The answers
he received were cold and haughty,
but he did not despair.
For the past year ho has been in
Bethany accumulating a large sup
ply of love for the ex-Mi Heggerty.
Then he came to San Francisco to offer
himself to her as a Christmas present.
He popped the question for the last
time on Sunday night at the home of
his adored one, 373 Dore street He
was to receive his answer Christmas
morning, and. by way of encouraging
him to have hope, he was invited to
partake of turkey with the family
over which he had once been lord and
master.
When he appeared yesterday morn
ing Jim Crow was present. Ho had
lizard of Heggerty's Intentions, and
had entered a vigorous protest. The
farmer was greatly displeased to have
Ills stepson block the way when the
road to victory appeared so clear. He
told Crow that he would take bis
mother whether he liked It or not. and
proceeded to satisfy his wrath by scat
tering the Christmas dinner all over
the house. Crow threw him out of
doors, and Mrs. Heggerty shouted for
a r'ullceman to load him away. The
Mrong arm of the law cooled him off
somewhat, and he left the scene of his
love affair, vowing that he would re
turn iater. About 1 o'clock In the
afternoon he was back, armed with a
MAYOR PHELAN'S
IDEAL BOARDS
HARD TO FIND
Leading BusinessMen
Indifferent.
ALL DECLINE PUBLIC SERVICE
No Appointments Will BeAnnounced
Before the Bond Elections Oc
cur — Examination Ex
cites the Push.
The hard task ahead of Mayor Photon
is to find the right men for the Board
of Public Works and the Board of Kdu
catlon. The task of finding suitable men
for tho Police. Park. "Fire. Election and
Civil Service commissions is not easy by
lonj? odds, but it is not as difficult as the
work of selecting the risht kind of men
to manage educational affairs and direct
the enterprises of public Improvement.
The Mayor had In mind for the Hoard of
Public Works three well-known citizens.
One of the three, W. F. Dohrmann. de
clines public service. Another prominent
citizen, v. hot name is not disclosed, also
signifies to the Mayor thai an appoint
ment will not be acceptable. Hence at the
outset Mayor Phelan'a ideal Board of
Public Works vanishes. Democratic
statesmon who were prominent in the
councils of the Committee of One Hun
dred are not oppressed by these declina
tions. They are convinced that capable
and practical men can be readily found.
The Mayor, however, does not conceal his
sense ••! disappointment He desired cer
tain men tor the Board of Public Works,
but the men of his choice cannot be
tempted to sacrifice their business Inter
ests for the slender salary of $-1000 per an
num. . •
might fancy that Mayor Pheian
woniii !'..i\.- no trouble in finding two <'.'ni
1:•: 1 1 Republicans and two distinguished
Democrau for the Board <>f Education
!. the li-t of applicants from either
party Is so loin; that j»i names can i>.
found; but questions apart from political
onal Integrity and iir--!
ability demand consideration. Men
ceptionaJly gifted in Judgment and tact
may i><- r«'.|tiir.-d it Bei ma to be taken t>r
granted that James l: l).-nnia:i will i> e
appointed to a |da ( -<- oh the Hoard of i; |u
cation. The compensation Is j.
num.
Politicians are anxious ai>out th«» Civil
Bervlce Commission. Thr- vast army r.f
attai ims at th • new City Hall would br.
■ I If the Mayor should, without
further consideration, appoint the exam-
Inin^ h itii It is f.:ir.rl by the rr^.r..-
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nursing Mothers
xJ^^^^^^^v build un your strength
/%^^?§s§|ifev£kv an « the health
of • your in f an^ ky
£{^^£f&s£gW a ti ng stimulant,
n = f=agy^Mpf-£3BBo| '"'" action on the
\ %^S2^]||W**v « P l 'ro blood and a
every part of the
Evstem. Nothinr
=3=s=^ else contains tin
life-giving, body-building properties of
Duffy's Pure Halt Whiskey
The absolute purity, together with tlu
medicinal qualities of Duffy's Pure Halt,
has made it the greatest woman-curative
known to science.
Government medicine ttainp marks the genuine. Dni;sr**tt
•Ktully »ell 11. If your* dor* not, »c «ill eiprm a bottle '
,rc r ii J. for }i ; tiz for $5. Write for Icterettinc book.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y.
six-shooter and a box of cartrldpes.
Crow, In the meantime, bad borrowed
a pun from a. neighbor, and was pre
pared to give Heggerty a merrier
Christmas greeting than most mortals
are looking for.
The two in. m mixed. There was a
struggle for the possession of the
weapons, two or three shots were fired,
and the lovelorn far:. was stretched
out on the sidewalk. Crow disappeared.
The vanquished wooer was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found that he had eight scalp wounds
and that the bones of his ripht hand
had been shattered by a pistol ball.
After he was patched up hi- was taken
to the City Prison and locked up.
where he would be piven an opportuni
ty to relloct. He admits that he tired
a shot at his stepson, but claims that
the latter attacked him with a shot
pun and a pistol. Mrs. Crow-Heggerty
throws the blame fur thje whole affair
on her ex-husband.
In local |
the Mayor « II laded to u\>
:.Hlks. WhO Will
maki rules ... hareh and unreasonable
that man) oi th< good workers in the
' , ■ ■ tics will be shut out.
The Mayor can relieve th.- anxiety <>f the
"push" i>y naming the handlcappers.
There la t.iik • • i hat i >r. Basel
and I "■. William ■ n ha •• been slated for
Hi.- Board of Health. A report Ii current
thai Jeremiah Mahoney has been ten
dered a plac i the Police Commission.
nf tin- late Democratic mv
■'■ campaign apprehend that the
will not make public his prefer
.nil the I" -:i<l elections ti • .
It Ie said t.. be extremely doubtful
1 whether E. !». Pont! will accept any kind
,of pul ■ . • • I VVelll, whose
abilitios ar.- appn lat< i by Mayor Phe
! hi. declined t<> become a candidate for
r mi the I•• mocratlc t i.-Vc-r .
••■ii demand hi.
absence from ih«- city, hence he cannot
i l»- placed on ih.' list ..f avallablea Poli
ticians -.\ ho are i upponed t<> be cl • I
the U rt that Joseph Itritton
will not . • •■• nfilce.
HAWAIIANS GOING HOME.
Prince Dnvid Kawananakao Returns
From the East.
There arrived at th< Pal a yesterday
a party -.f dl d Ha
ns who have l" • a visiting in tho
East on pleasure and business combined
who ar.- now going back to th>'ir
, Island home. The party Includes Prince
Kawanai of the younger
.'.l family: Bamuel
j Parker, a royalist, who has been mon
i prominent candidate for the
f Governor of Hawaii, and George.
D Gear, a prominent attorney of the new
•is.
The gentlemen all stated that th<r. was
■ ■ gnincant attached to th.ir visn
to Washington, i >. c. The Prince and Mr.
Parker said that it had been merely one
r< and sightseeing. The former
n at the terri
form of government decided upon
i>> i he United States for Hawaii. When
spoken to about his rumored candidacy
for the oil • utlve of Hawaii
the new government, Mr. I
i the subject rath< r lightly and
d that the rumor was in the nature
Mr. Gear went to Washington in the in
of s number of Galllclans who
held as prisom rs ;■■. the old • lov
■ nt. He Intend* d to app< al t.i «'on
to s. t them ti • . . inn while on his
way h>- was Informed that the Supreme
Court of Hawaii had decided In favor of
freeing them from prison. Mr. Gear
while in Washington also conferred with
il < 'ongn i smen and .' ; i nat<
Karding v numi.. r of the old Hawaiian
laws, which he contended were in direct
violation of ih. constitution of the United
HANNAN IDENTIFIED.
G. C. Judy, Who Knew Him in the
East, Calls Upon Him at the
City Prison.
11. J. Hannan. who was arrested early
Sunday morning on a telegraphic request
from the Police Superintendent of Pitts
burg, Pa., stating he was wanted on a
charge of murdering John Craig, his
gambling partner, at Qreensburg, Pa.,
May 23 last. Is keeping up his pretense of
being another man. but be was neatly
cornered yesterday morning.
G. C. Judy called at police headquarters
yesterday morning and asked if he could
have a look at Hannan. .is he thought he
had known the man in the East Detec
tive Anthony was sent to the prison with
Judy, and when Hannan was brought
from bis cell Judy recognized him at once,
and walking up to him held out his hand
and said:
"Well, blinker, how are you?"
Hannan drew back and said coolly, "I
don't know you. sir."
Judy laughed and they stood talking for
some minutes. Judy after the interview
said that it was Hannan all rip-ht. They
used to call him "blinker." us ho only had
the one eye. :.••*> %-.
Chief Lees yesterday received a dis
patch from Superintendent O'Mara of
the Plttsburg police department stating
that the warrant for Hannan'a arrest had
been sworn to before John P. Picher. Jus
tice of the Peace for Westmoreland
County. Pennsylvania, and that an officer
would leave at once with the necessary
papers to take Hannan back.
W. C. Poynter Is Dead.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Dec. a.-WLUam C.
Poyntrr. father «.f Qoyernor Poyntor. iird
to-day at his home at Albion aged 70 He
was born In Kentucky, lived many yp-.rs
nt Eureka. 111., and has h*en v resldont
of Nebraska tKtoen years. 'k>verror
Poynter was with his father when ho
BuML
BYINGTON TURNS DOWN
"PARTY" CANDIDATES
Refuses the Dictation of Gavin
McNab and Mayor Phelan.
Greaney and Weller to Get the Places De
manded by the Organization for Jenks
and Will Alford.
Thrro Is tho mrrrl-st kind of a row on
between District Attorney-elect Lewis r.
Byington and the Democratic "organisa
tion." That part of the latt>r body
which consists of Mayor Phelan and
flavin M<N.il) rallnl Mr. Byington Into
consultation on Thursday and Friday of
last week and delivered to him its list of
thoro tM be appointed to one or another
of thr- srvt-ntfoii places the District At
torney lias within his sift. Mr. Byington
emilhißiy accepted the "organlsat
orders, took the list t<> his offices in the
Claus BpreckelS building and studiod :t
n\<r !■'!!■.: enough to discover that In tho
"organisation's" plan f>>r the distribution
of Ms patronage it bad looked to Its own
political welfare and emoluments rather
than to his. According t«t those of the
District Attorney's advisers who y<
day were willing t.> t:ilk of the matter
Phelan ;>n<l M< N.i!> had tski n Into con
sideration about < rerything In the
patronage list from the threi Bui
(jinr: ■ per, t.i the lowliest
and leasi paid of th<
They had. In fart, loft Byington not
enough to build •< fence round bit hopes
for i- n the nexi campaign.
Byington found that the gr< •• ■• Injus
tice f.ad t • en done him In the "organiza
tion's" disposal of tho three Bui
Court attorneyshlps. They are the I
fattest salaries oi whloh h.' has th. dis
position, and upon them he figured in
making his largest capital i>y the ap
pointment of i" -ii men <>f Irreproachable
itiod and lai -■ v political
:! 11.
The McNab-Phelan list d<--mnnstr:itod
t.> him, however, that his Intentions had
tint been figured In at all; on ti>
trary, th<-- future ambitions <>f the "or
ganization" were consider* ' and thr> ijs:
: rained a< cordlngly.
Th>' r : ■ inizatlon was pandered to
by the appointment of Will Alford, ex
chairman of tl entraJ Commit
tee. Alford left his country s-.i: .it Tu
lar.' and located in tt;is city shortly be
fore the lo ■ Ign opened, and has
been B familiar tipur.- ..;i I since
that timo. ji. at once opened an assault
upon the local works, and through Mayor
Pnelan demanded local recognition, not
withst&ndinc strong opposition by many
«.f the leaders of the party In this city.
His appointment was Insisted upon by
McNao ami the Mayor, and by th«-m he
SQ S mm? mmHB fJ *^ IB 9 U BB B ( v \ \ < fVf Xdp whsV ,mm Wu^.
EFFECTUALtY 1
JiABITUAt PERMANENTLY.
•BV/yTHEQENVyiNE-MANFD-By
was considered a strong card for future
play. Bylngton docs not look n{ It from
that point of view, and has. flatly told
the "organization" that if Afford is
placed .it all it n-11l not bo In his office.
Livingston, otherwise known as Little
Lord Fauntleroy Jenks. was also an "or
ganization", aspirant for one of the |3M
joty». but Bylngton has placed him also
upon the Alford list, and yesterday it
came out that he bad taken the l>lt be
tween his teeth and all but officially an
nounced his own choice for the two of
flees. Those whom his advisers say he
will name despite the "organization" de
mands are John Greaney and Charles
W'eller. The third of the Superior Court
positions he will hand to Kugene Deii
prey, as at first announced. Deuprey,
although an organisation man. Is also
a warm friend ■■■ Bylngton, and at the
Democratic convention Is said to have
given up his fight for the nomination in
Hyington's favor upon the understanding
that he would be satisfactorily placed.
Another organization nominee whom
Bylngton will honor by* appointment Is
Charles B. Peery, who will go In as chief
bond and warrant clerk. Peory's ap
pointment will h.» as satisfactory to ily
ington as to McNab and Phelan, on he
lias an excellent reputation, both private
and profefHion.nl. and carries a strong po
litical following. Byington will also
probably name Ike Harris and James
Hauly far Police Court prosecutors. His
other appointments to these offices arc
still in the air.
Mayor Phelan's appointments will be
announced this week. The charter pro
vides that he shall fill the offices of which
he has the disposition between the Ist of
December and the Ist of January, nncl
his complete list Is expected on December
20 or 20— within a day or so, anyway,
after the result of the last bond election
Is known.
A Pioneer Gone.
-James Forrest, the w*ll-Known dray
man, died Sunday after a Ion;: illness at
bis me In Hay. Valley. He left a
family of two daughters and five sons
and a :;ir::.' circle of business and social
acquaintances, who will deeply mourn his
loss. Mr Forrest cajiio to California In
18S1, and enpagfd In mining in Tuolumne
County. He moved to this city Ii l. s .V>
and enpaped In drayinp. ;md continued In
that business up to the time of his death.
Deceased was "'• years of age. and a mem
ber of California I^idpe No. I. I. O. <». P.J
and of the Draymen's and Teamsters'
Union.
TOOK THE PURSE
OF THE WOMAN
WHO FED HER
Bold Crime of a Mys
terious Female.
ROBBED HER BENEFACTRES.
The Much Sought for "Worn I
Black" Again at Her 0. .
Tricks in the
Mission.
Tho poll ■
robbli
,>f her vi. • •
ial • ■
Botn< •
n she went I
■ . ■
tier h
■
and wav hli -
Into the ] v i .
■ R to thll •
■
ut.-s luter r.-tut:
surprised
■
■
1,,.n rewarded
W..S !'
her by a d<
■
t«. 1 •.ipt.:.'
Mr-. P trU- r
■
■
bai l •
f.,un.l In a • •■
Stabbed During a Row.
■
■
in the droll
■bcene From 44 The Christian"— John Storm Restrains Brother Paul.
"THE CHRISTIAN,"
BY HALL CAINE,
IS HEARD HERE
Frawley Company in
a War Play.
ORPHEUM PRESENTS FOUGERE
Th.» production of "The Christian" Is
one of the leaser episodes in the dramatic
history of R.xn Fr.incieco. The play has
had a ppl^ndM fucccss wherever It has
been given, and It Is one of the things
that we of San Francisco have long been
awaltiiyr.
"The Author" I* at pain* to point out
In a note on the programme that though
the play is described as founded on the
novel. It 1* not altogether the Fame In
Us character or lta motive. "What
dramatization of a novel la the .me as
th« In its character and its mo
tive .
It Is essential to dramatic structure
that the elements and Incidents of a
story must l>e altered and rearranged be
fore It Is suitable for presentation on the
*tape. Thf Apology of .tho author |s,
tfierrfnre, idle,' and would appear to ask '
Indulgence for th«i play from those who
have read the novel.
I have not read "The Christian" and am
therefore perhaps the better prepared to
judge th«* pl.iv ns a play. It is a clever
faJco. That sounds rather severe, but will
admit of explanation. "Tho Christian" U
clrver. sufficiently compart and in spots
very strong. y< t it is Mill a fake, if for no
other reason th.'in it wan written by that
high-priest of Inkers Hall Came. It Is .1
good play, a Rood sort of refined mold
drama, that makes for the hip billows of
• motion rather thnn tho finer vibrations
of the intellect. Thorn am muny mo
xnent*. if the story were served as a sen
eatlonnl serial, th« words "continued in
our r.«xt" would mmc In most aptly. An
appropriate background for clear.cut
chunks of sentiment and heroism Is sup
plied by a growling mob— an adjunct to
the drama ns important for working up
an audience as the orchestra is In mod
ern opera. I must not forget while on
this subject that the organ is used in "The
Christian" as a sut>stttute ... slow
rouble of 1«'F« reserved plays.
There wa* a feeling prevalent in the
town that the company presenting "The
Christian" was an Inferior one which hail
be-en palmed off on us as others have
been, and in a measure this Is true. It is
•n inferior company but yet a Rood one.
Inferior, no doubt, to the companies that
have played in New York, and which,
through th« parsimony of our managers,
we nre prevented fr«>m seeing. 1 was most
agreeably disappointed in the players at
the Columbia, who. if not first-clnss. are
better than second rate. Bflle Ellsler pnr
ticularly was a surprise. Her naturalness
Is delightful and she has tho discriminat
ing touch of the true artist in the emo
tional scenes. She does more than make
Ifood the handicap of diminutive stature,
nnd Is always the most vital member In
the scenes of which she is anhare. Mr. Col
ville as John Storm is Interesting. The.
part is one in which much depends upon
the personality <>f th*» actor, the. elements
of force and sincerity which he can bring
lo his aid. Colvllle falls f-hort of being
convincing, but the figure of the cleric as
ne makes him is vital and strong. Col
ville'n voice lx absolutely noble. Kdward
Em<»ry do«« the young rake. Ijnni Robert,
with a fidelity of character that is ad
mirable, nnd Carrie Hoylo as Mrs. Calen
der shows quite remarkable feeling for
dlalr-ct and other marks of merit. The
other roles are so well taken as not to call
for criticism, exec tit "in the rase of Fan
chnn Campbell, who as I'olly strikers a
decidedly discordant note In the second
act. The rabble Is well managed and more
or Ices hideously artistic.
- TORTER GARN'ETT.
Grand Opera-House.
Pavld Henderson's musical extrava
ganza, "Slnbad," was the opening attrac
f RUSSIAN I
{cigarettes!
IWith Mouthpiece |
1O cents for XO S
Monopol Tobacco Works {
tlon at the Grand Opera-house for Ch»lst
mas week, and that it was a real attrac
tion was evidenced by the fact that at a
quarter to S p. m. the notice vis dis
played "Standing room only." and .-a S
the tsign was taken down and "Every
thing bold" was put up in its stead.
•Sinluid" is staged in elaborate style, in
costuming, scenic effects and in people.
\\ hat little plot there wus originally in
tho cast was frittered away toward the
last act when the sjKClaltiea came on. and
they made the house hum. Wolff as
Bnaneyow was in his best vein and was
well seconded by Arthur VVooley 03
Fresco. "The Bogle Man," by Wultf and
chorus, was earnestly encored and was
one of the p*ms of the piece. Among the
most attractive of the specialties was tho
Amazons' march by a company of >«oung
ladles. The ... the. feature of the
third act, with Senorita Matildlta. who
proved that she had steel toes with no
give to them. The fourth act closed with
a pretty series of transformation scenes
illustrating the different seasons called
the evolution of nature.
There are some d bits of singing In
the extravaganza by Helen Mason and
Hatlic Hclle l,.i<M. while Mr. Persse will
take this week off ho far as vocal work is
concerned, his part being very unimpor
tant and not calling for much" exertion.
Orpheum.
Fougere, the Parisian chanteuse, Is the
bright, particular ftar of the holiday at
tractions at the Orpheum this we«k, and
last night she quickly captivated the
large audience. She was suffering from a
severe cold, but struggled bravely through
her part. Her French songs were ren
dered with the charm that Is quite en
trancing, and when she sang "Hello, Ma
Baby she literally brought down the
house. Her personal charms add greatly
to her success. Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Mil
ton Royle and company appeared in a
new. sketch, "Trip's Troubles, which. was
very clever and caused no end of fun
with Its amusing complications. Harrl
can, the originaT tramp Juggler. was*at
his best and his exceedingly clever tricks
were greeted with great appl.iuse. John
J. Thome and Grace Carleton, in their
petite comedy, "The Substitute." natal)
| llshed themselves as favorites. Claude
Thardo. the singing, dancing and talking
comedian, was unable, to appear owing to
a cold, and Hamilton Hill, the Australian
barytone, was substituted In his place.
La Sylphe. the Averys. Gertrude Kutledgc
and the American biograph concluded the
attractive bill.
Alcazar. «
"Chlmmle. Fadden," so provoklngly
goody-goody that hi picturesque vocab
ulary don't fit him. and handicapped with
a reputation as a song bird with no voice
:to live up to this proposition, said the
"siimn to you" to .i large holiday au
dleneo at th«- Alcazar last evening.
"Chlmmle." otherwise Forrest Seabury,
late blph diver at the Chutes, is a son
of a scene painter, and saw the original
Fuddi-n youth I'iO times In New York.
That is the recommendation he gave the
Alc:tzar management. Now If he. will ail
mit that he-is no imitator, besides having
a bad memory, the public may be relied
upon to Indorse Seauury's papers.
California.
A crowded house greeted "Cumberland
*C 1" at the California last night, but what
tho audience made up in numbers It
lacked In any mark of approval of the
play. There was some applause, but not
enough to disturb any one's slumbers.
There is much about the piece that is en
tertaining and more that Is rather exas
perating. The trouble in ■ nutshell is that
It Is beneath the Frawleys. The admirers
of the company expect something better.
De Pachmann This Afternoon.
Vladimir de Pachmann, the great Rus
sian pianist, will give the first of a series
of three recitals at the California Theater
this afternoon it 1:15 o'clock. His pro
gramme will include numbers of Weber.
Schumann, Mendelssohn and Chopin, and
the audience will be a large one. The
doors will open at_2:3o o'clock.
Chutes.
Adgle gave a spectacular mirror dance
in her den of lions for the first time at
the Chutes yesterday afternoon and even-
Ing, and presented a pretty and novel act
; In which the. light and color effects were
| well arranged. Ruth Nelta and a couple
of pickaninnies sang some new coon
songs, several novelties were shown in
moving pictures and the rest of the hill
wan good. The theater was packed at
both performances. The feature of the
amateur performance on Thursday night
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1899.
will be "Li Hung Chang's Chinese Rag
time Specialty Company," whatever on
earth that can be.
Olympia.
The Olympla has ■ prime Christmas bill
this week. All the numbers are good, and
last night everything was well received.
Three Divines Who Will Speak From One Pulpit-
FOOTPADS TRY
TO STAND UP
JUDGE OGDEN
Famous Oakland Jur
ist Was Out Late.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Superior Judge
j Ogden of this city was out late last night
and In consequence was hold up by two
! footpads and bad a narrow escape from
giving up his valuables to the '"knights
of the road." He was driving alone
shortly after midnight to the residence of
Superintendent of Streets M. K. Miller, a
relative, for the purpose Of taking home
his wife, who was attending a Christinas
tree celebration. When opposite the Sa
cred Heart Convent on Webster street
two men Jumped out at him and com
manded him to halt. On© of the fellows
: grabbed the horse by the bridle, but th.>
! Judge, seeing his danger, whipped up the
animal and It bounded from the footpad's
; grasp, knocking him to the ground.
i Judge Ogden continued driving until ho
met Special Officer Bchumer and the lat
ter entered the buggy and both drove
back to the scene of the attempted hold
up. No trace of the robbers could bo
( found. The Judge notlfipj Captain of Po
lice Peterson of tho occurrence and tho
latter immediately Bent out a posse on
horseback and bicycles to scour tho neigh
borhood in the hope of capturing the fof.t
pads.
The ladles of Oakland will not ronprat
u\:w<- th»- Jvdse "ii bli narrow onrtpo hr
rause of a decision he rendered last WW k
in which ho held that a husband who. re
turns home lat»» at nlcht or in tho "wee
sma* hours" was not bound to Inform his
Wife where he had spent the ••vcninp. nor
enlighten ber in ;uiy way. This dedston
i mi end of comment throughout
the city and vicinity. Someone who h.-mi
of the hold-up uncharitably said thai
Judge <>jfd«»n was learning one of the dan
gers of citayir^ out late.
EARLY MORNING BLAZE
CHASES OUT LODGERS
A Fire in a Restaurant on Turk Street
Causes Much Trouble With
Small Lobs.
The double alarm of fire nt about ■
quarter past 2 o'clock this morning was
for a blaze In a restaurant at 202V4 Turk
street. Officer Joy discovered the blaze
and as soon as the alarm had boon turned
in rushed upstairs Into a lodging-house
to arouse the Inmates. This he succeeded
in doing, but not until ho was overcome
by smoke, and he had to be carried out
and revived.
The blase was practically confined to
■ the. restaurant, but there was a loss of
about $3000 to the eating place and lodg
inir house known as the Orleans.
The guests of the latter place had some
i narrow escapes, barely getting out with
their clothes and lives. The restaurant
was conducted by N. M. Benjamin and
the lodging house by Tate Goldstein. The
lire was soon under control.
All-Californias Won Again.
A largo holldny crowd saw tin- All-Cali
fornlas tak»» the PttUMUlt-WtntMn Into
ramp again yesterday. At the end Of tht
ninth Inning th< •od: All-Califor
nia, In: Sacramento* 10. The Capitol « 'it y
playern put up ragged ball, eight errors
being charged to their account.
The opposing batteries wtre: AU-Call
fornia. Kmll unl Iforrls, and the Sacra
mentos, Doyle and McHal«\ Dovlo was
touched up for fourteen hits and Knell al
lowed eleven off his delivery.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOTED DIVINES -
TO PREACH FROM
SINGLE PULPIT
Small Parliament of
Religions.
B. FAY MILLS' NOVEL PLAN
RABBI, PRIEST AND Mil
ARE TO SPEAK.
Dr. Voorsanger and Father Wyman
Have Already Accepted Invita
tions to Deliver Ad
dresses.
Oakland OflW S:in Francisco Call,
- - Broadway, l>*-<-. i*».
The Rev. Hen.iamln Kav Mills of the
First Unitarian Church of Oakland baa
evolved a j>i:in for a series of Sunday
evening sermons, to h.pin ?ome time dur
ing ihc coming; month, the idea of whi'h
la both unique and extrfmt;ly lnlerestaiK.
He j>r bave his congregation ad
■ .1 by three prominent divines rep
rellgtoua sects, tii>- He
brew, the Roman Catholic and the orth.»
tant, and to furnish th«> fourth
n himself, upon Initarianism.
The details' cf the plan have not yet
been completed, for the speaker to repre
sent orthodox Protestants has not yet
been selected.
Rabbi Voorsanper of San Francisco has
agreed to deliver one address upon Juda-
Ism and Its relation to mankind. Key.
Father Wytnan of San Francisco will de
liver the address upon Roman Catholi
cism, and will tell a Unitarian audience
about bis faith. There will then come an
address by some Protestant, not >•• se
lected, and the series will be closed by
the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, who will
tell about his own denomination.
This is a very <1 irinK scheme, a sort of
pmall parliament of religions. Despite its
unusual character, however, Rabbi Voor
sanger and Father Wyman did not hesi
tate to accept the invitation of the Oak
land Unitarians, each one wining to tell of
his t>eii,-f even to an audience composed
entirely of another denomination or an
other faith.
This series of lectures will attract wide
spread attention because of its UtliqUft
character. The date of the first address
t y.-t been announced, and will not
be until the series is completed.
FESTIVITIES OF THE
HOLIDAYS IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Th« coming w. ■ k
win be a round of dinners, weddings nwi
receptions, as the last was of luncheon!
and teas. Beginning to-morrow there win
be a wedding almost each day. ami the
half fortnight will close with a doaen
large receptions.
\ large family party made Ktnemere.
tho suburban borne "i the Hush family.
a very merry venter to-day. There was a
tree n the mornng for tin- carolen who
hail gone out in the morning with Miss
Jean Hush U) sing In the early hours, ami
then later in the day a dinner for the
family.
'Phi- Starr home, held a reunion and din
ner. Mrs. William Starr and Miss rior
;arr having returned from the Bast
and Mr. Walter Starr from the Klondike.
Mrs. Agnes Hunt and Miss Helen Hunt
gave a lar^e dinner party at their home
<«n Tenth street, all the members of the
family being present.
The Albert Miller* also gave a big din
ner, at which were seated the entire fam
ily. Mrs. tie'irßf* Wheaton had the Bdsoo
Adams, the Cottons, the Rulkeleys and
Roy Craig SS g-uests.
Arbor Villa, the home of Mr. and Mrs.
]■'. M. Smith, held another merry gather
ing. The Knowies celebrated tin- holiday
by a dinner on Saturday. Other families
who made to-day the one to commemorate
the Schillings, the Shafter Howards,
tlie tfOOreSa the Requas and the Valen
tines.
During the week there were several no
table dinners and lunch—. Mr. and Mrs.
William G. Cooke entertained at a din
ner in honor of Dan BeldetL The table
was In holiday dre^s. Mrs. J. E. Phillip*
entertained at the University Club In San
Francisco in honor of Miss McNelll and
Mrs. Horace Wilson. Miss Carmen Moore
was the h"st< ss at a luncheon in honor 01
Miss Kate Stone and Mls.s Bessie Cooper,
both of Santa Barbara. The luncheon
given by Miss Kthel Mi ldieton at High
land Park was a delightful affair and w;is
in honor of Mrs. Fred Jacobs of Hono
lulu.
The Schillings gave a dinner, at which
the members of young Mr. Schllng'a fra
ternity were the RMS!
The" New Year's receptions ahead are
growing in number. Added to those of the
Smiths, the Howards, the Moo res. the
Curtis Pierces and the Bobbins are
il others. Mrs. Orestes Pierce win
be "at homo. 1 Mis-s Flora Chestnflt will
be glad to see her friends and will be
assisted In making them welcome by the
Iflsses Ernestine, I. aura and Anna Lei
mi-rt and Mss Fldoretta Cushng, nnd
Miss Spr\ngb-r by Miss Alice Gage, Miss
Clan Hoagiand, Miss Hannah Hampton
and Miss Flora Miller. On Wednesday
the Crellln home will open its doors to a
big tea, with a small dinner and dance In
the evening.
The weddings will open with Miss Hol
brons and Mr. Jellett's, which takes place
to-morrow. Miss Myrs sp> ri and Sam
uel Prat her will be united Wednesday.
On Thursday Miss Dawson and Mr.
Leavers will be married. There are two
for Monday next— Miss Male Tucker and
A. 8. Macdnnald and Miss Coey and Rev
N C. B. Smith. The wedding of Miss
Alta Marvin and Harry M. White comes
off on the 3d.
Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Dolbler gave a re
ception on Saturday evening at their home
in Hast Oakland in honor of the fifth an
nlv. r-ary of their marriage. The Invlta-
tlons were on wood, and were most unt
rue. A large number of friends called to
express their congratulations.
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Iturnham and Miss
I^icretia liurnham left on Saturday for
Cairo. Egypt, where they will join the
Bartons. Miss Jennie Stone accompanied
the Burnhnmv Turkey will be visited
when the two parties unite, and then a
tour of Europe will follow.
R. J Montgomery Is sojourning In
Southern California for a couple of weeks.
NEW YEAR BRIDE
MISS ALTA MARVIN.
Christmas Day Services.
BERKELEY, Dec. 25-< 'hrlstmas ser
v>iTf beld in St. Joseph's »'hiir<-h on
Ad<ll*on street to-day, the Rev. Father
Klonlan officiating. Masi 1 al T>
o'clock. •'. o'clock, T : l r. o'clock, I o'clock.
<«:ir> o'clock, with hiph mass .it M ;
vesper service was sung in the evening.
At St. Mark's Episcopal Church on Han
croft way, th»> vested boys' choir was
assisted by sirs. Tully, sni.rano; Mrs. EL
H. Van Stant, contralto; Whitney Palacne,
lirst tenor. \V. Morten, second tenor; .1
C Wilder, flr^t lui^s. and I •[•••stun Jonen,
second ha>«s <"horal communion at Ca. m.
and communion al a. in. preceded tli"
service at 11 o'clock,
Painter Asphyxiated.
OAKI.ANM>. !>.••• B Wllli.mi O'Neill, a
fialnter. r>f \v«-st Oakland was found dead
n a room in a lodclns>houM at i>»')
Seventh Streel t..-day with the gas •
mR fr<«m an open burner. whether it
-ulclde or an acddeat a Coroner's
Jury will h:ivi- to «leternv
Australia's (Old production in th" last
half r*>nturv luis amounted to consider
ably more than £400,000.000.
DR. WDOLSEY'S
HOUSE TO APPEAR
IN POLICE COURT
It Will Be Oakland's
Celebrated Case.
Oakiand Office s.m Franctoco Call,
I ■ Iway, i '••-". 25.
Dr. K. H. Wools." msed
a social and a legal revolution, and It bids
fair tO cause a political on.- In the city of
Oakland, it has cemented old friendships
that had been broken. It has broken old
alliances and mad- new ones. It will be
the cause of the most bitter legal battle
that baa ever been fought In the city of
Oakland. It may ev.-n cause a political
turnover, so great Is the intertst In this
case.
l>r. Woolsey win have to appear in the
PoUce Court to-morrow to make his pre-
• limlnary plea to the charge made by
, Agent Kennedy of the Boctet) fot the Pre-
vention Of Cruelty tO Animals that he did
not provide for ins horse. That pleu will
be ■'not guilty," and then the case will be
set for trial.
The horse will Have to be brought Into
court or a.s near the court .is it is possible
to get the animal. Uolh Dr. WOOliey and
< Kennedy d< mand that the animal
be produced for the Inspection of the
court. Dr. Woolsey Will demand that the
h"is. be brought right before the court
for examination, and he says:
"That horse will be the most imi>ortant
witness 1 will have. 1 want him brought
' right into court and to be given the stand
; Just as a regular witness. That bone has
been a pet and 1 would not 111 treat him.
1 am not afraid to have him produced for
inspection before any court, and I will
have the greatest line ol expert and
tine testimony in support of my assertion.
I will not let any one blackmail me into
joining any society. 'NttST 1 will tight that
1 case for me to the last legal effort that
I can be made, even If he did say things in
1 that Hodge-Nichols case. He \i us only
; earning his fee, and now he is earning an
other one."
Agent Kennedy of the Society for tho
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says:
"This talk of blackmail Is pre|x>sterous.
I received many complains from outsiders
that that horse had been permitted to r. -
main in an open lot without shelter and
without food for months, and I will not
permit a man who ill treats a horse to go
unpunished. DO matter what his standing
I in the community."
So this arrest has healed tho once
strained relations between I>r. K. H.
Woolsey and his old friend Judge Kmll
Nusbaumer. Their differences at tho
i Hodge-Nichols trial have been settle. l aril
One friendship has been renewed. l>r
Woolsey has determined to spend money
i In support of his case, nnd he will produce
I a lot of expert witnesses from the
track. H>- will have Walter Hackett, the
son of the owner of Yellowtail. and many
others, and from the prominence of the
list that he is preparing It ts evident that
the case will become a celebrated one.
Some of the experts will be arrayed
against each other, and as the action will
be a bitter ore its echoes will be heard In
I Oakland for many a day.. The preliminary
I rumblings are already apparent, and when
' the storm breaks It will be a thunderous
| one.
Three hundred Japanese colonists locat
ed two years ago in the southern ;
Oazaca, Mexico, near Jlmiltepec, under
authority of a concession granted by the
Mexican Government, The colony has
' been experimenting In tea growing and
1 has made such a success that .TWO more
Japinese men and their families are to
be brought to Mexico to Join the original
•colony, other tropical products ar
raised by the colonists. The extensive
i plantations are located in the Verde River
j Valley.
A growing Vermont Industry 1b the can
ning of corn, this season's output In the
southeastern part of the State belrg
1 3,000,000 cans.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.-One of the
first brides of the new year Is to
be Miss Alia Marvin, the charm
ing daughter of Mr and Mrs
Erigus Marvin of Sl7 Fifteenth street,
who is one of Oakand's best known
vocalists. On the evening of January
3 she will be united In marriage to
Harry M. White Of the firm of Ne
ville & Co., San Francisco. Rev. Rob
ert F. Ooyle of the First Presbyterian
Church will perform the ceremony at
the home of the bride's parents.
Miss Marvin will be attended by her
two sisters as bridesmaids — Miss Esta
Marvin, the pianist, and Miss Bertha
Marvin, a student at the University of
California. Will Gardiner will be best
man.
The bride-elect is a member of the
First Presbyterian choir and has a
tine soprano voice of great purity and
range.
Mr White i- the son of Mr. and
Mrs. Willhim White, and his father,
like himself. is with the firm of •Ne
ville & Co.
The couple will reside In Oakland.
OPIUM JOINTS
TO BE SHUT OUT
OF PLEASANTON
Citizens Discover a
Startling State.
PLEASANTON*. Dec. 23.— Opium Joints,
running under the guise of Chinese wash
houses anil bazaars, where young girls, as
well as men and boy-, are Initiated Into
the mysteries of opium-smoking, are run
ning in the midst of Pleasanton. The citi
zens have become so aroused by this con
dition of affairs that they have petitioned
the Board Of Town Trustees to have these
dens closed, and this petition will be pre
sented to the Town Trustees at their nest
meeting.
There are three of these bazaars and
Chinese laundries at which opium-smok
ing is allowed for white young people,
and there are several prominent young
ladies, who are scarcely more than girls,
who have been known to go to these
places, besides many of the male sex of
all ages.
This condition of affairs has become so
notorious that the citizens of the town
have determined to stamp out the evil and
not subject their boys and girls to the
temptations of the dangerous drug. The
three principal dens in IMeasanton are lo
cated on Spring street, near St. Mary's,
and It took but ■ very few moments to se
cure sixty names to a petition asking the
Town Trustees to close these places by
law as ,i protection to the youth of the
town.
There is already ■ town ordinance which
makes the keeping of an opium Joint a
• misdemeanor, but it has never been en
forced. It was always known, to some ex
tent, thai these places wen opium dens,
but It was never suspected until recently
that white persons were among the fre
quenters. There was a disposition to let
the Mongolians of Pleasanton smoke if
they wished, but It was found a few days
ago that there were white frequenters of
these places, and that th- ■ were at least
three girls, who were • members of the
most prominent families In town, who ,
went there and smoked with Chinese and
white opium tlends.
This caused a determination upon the
part of the citizens who wanted tho youth
of the town protected to force the clos
ing of the dens, and the petition to the
Trustees was the result. The dens were
watched, and It was found that the white
smokers would steal In by night and the
g'.rls would go through dark alleys under
the cover of night, and rind their way
through back doors Into the bunks. Then
it was determined (hat the dens should
be absolutely driven out Of town, and it
will not require much urging on the part
of the people to cause the Trustees to I
take determined action.
HAD THE GOODS BUT
DENIED THE ROBBERY
OAKLAND. Hop. 2T»— Tho j.ollre
ed Albert MeKensle on tin- local train
this morning, and when be was ■earehed
Ht the City Prison :i li>t of stolen articles
were found In his possession. Last nUht
William Boneford reported to tin
that his ro.ini in the Colonial Hou •
been robbed ■ t n • l ■ lot of bid •
taken. The articles found on MeKensle
answered the description Kivn by I
ford, and McKenxl* was ht Id for ro
Boneford later Identified th«> ooods, but
IfcKenzte could give no explanation of
how he came by the articles. u>- stren
uously denied thai h<- had stolen them.
but in the absence of a sattefactoi
nlaniitioii or' how he came by the articles
lie will »><• hold.
A BROKEN JAW AND
A FRACTIOUS HORSE
OAKLAND, Dee 2T» Two rtothnt ..f
Christmas accident* w.r.- treated nt the
Oakland Receiving Hospital to-day.
George Abel] applied at the . hospital
early In the morning to have ■ broken
jaw treated. . He did not know how he
bad received the Injury— whether he had
been hit by Home one In a quarrel or
whether he had fallen against something
— and ho was not anxious tor any Investi
gation. All that he asked watt medical
treatment.
11. J. Stevens had trouble, with a frac
tious horse on the corner of Webster and
Eleventh streets when a narrow-gauge
train was passing, and was thrown out.
He had his face badly cut.
Spring Valley Loses by Fire.
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— A disastrous flre
destroyed the tool house and the bunk
house "£ tho Spring Valley Water Com
pany near Bunol this afternoon, causing
a serious loss In valuable Instruments to
the company. Tho company has con
structed a number of large building* near
Sunol for the accommodation of the men
and tools used In their extensive construe- 1
tlon now In progress in NUes Canyon.. a
force of men win set at -work yesterday
cleaning up the grounds around the build
ing and burning a lot of brush and rub
bish. This lire was allowed to smoulder
to-day, and It being Christmas most of
the men were not working. A strong north
wind sprang up. and fanning the embers
Into flames scattered them over the
premises, setting lire to the buildings. It
Is estimated that $2000 worth of tools alone
was destroyed.
Archdeacon Webber's Services.
OAKLAND, Dee. 2o.— Archdeacon Web
ber of the Episcopal church will hold a
Prosperity for 1900.
Indications everywhere point to ffreat pros*
pcrlty for th» coming year. This In an Invari
able nl^n of a healthy nature. The success of
a country, as well an the success of an In.li
vi'liml. depends upon health. There can be no
health If the stomach la weak. If you have
any stomach trouble try Hostetter's Stomach
Bitter*, which cures dyspepsia. Indigestion nnl
biliousness. It makes strong, vigorous men an 1
women.
Don't fall to try
BEEGHAM'S PILLS
whmn suffering front any bad
condition of fho Stomach
or Liver.
lOn'uli and 3S rrnii. at dnnrtorn.
series of cervices at St. John's Church,
cornet Eighth and Grove streets, every
evening during the comlmr week. Thtt
services will be of unusual Interest ami
the eloquent speaker will attract great at
tention. -
Meeting of Regents.
BERKELEY. Doc. 25. -The Board of R<?
ponts of the L'nlverslty of California will
hold a special m«f tins: to-morrow after
noon nt 2:30 o'clock. The meeting Is called
for the purpofte of conferring tloicreea
»U>.>n the December trradtiate.^ of he
university. Three Btudent.4 have been
recommended by the faculty for bachelor
dem-ees. one for the degree of doctor of
philosophy and three for the decree of
master or art.".
"It fs simply this, my pugnacious friend.
No one e\-er thought of sendlnp my
father 1 * don to the Legislature."—Ex
chnnge. • _^^^__
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/■CARTELS
M |»ITTLE
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared by Uicso
J little Pills.
They also r»llcvc Distress from Dpipcpata,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rciMdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bod Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the liovrcL. Purely Vegetable. ' t
S»naU Pin. Small Dose*
Bmafl Price.
Avi«:t OR- JORDAN'S grcatJ
r MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
1 CJ 10SlaUUXra.»«.fc«*7Sa.if
\ t^^ The '—"•■■**' Anatcmical '•■ .nun In rh« \
W -^Uft-J 1 — Wl '" J W"<w.«. er any c rinr-fr| M
fEsBI :^'i -r»«""'ir"i'»< ■. f- ;-.if
# IHBI 6p«cuJiacu ntColM. kit. |6y«f> 0
$ i!9L?I 03. JCROAN-FRIVATE DISEASES $
IOMI CoMulraikM fre« and trrv-t 1 . t dim \
A I |SW| Tffitment p-rv.n.i!|f or by l»tt-r. A A
\I V ■ **• ' M « CW«ta ncrjr ut« aaJrruJieii. T
iff lift " ; * '"' B^k.raill.«)<»orai¥»f-%
f• J I'l a»AitniA«.r. ' '"° *"*■ <A '
X A /l valuable bo«k l.t twai \
9 I> ITJ OB DA X^J^ o^ 1051 Market «t. ,M F. ¥
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jk Steamers leave Hrnadway
iSjKj^^ wharf. Han Krur.cl'ro:
i WTj^^l V" r Ala-k.in ports, 10 a. m..
K**rjfca)k r«-c. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1. rhantf*
t3k xySctoPi to company i steamer* at
'AW Seattle. V|rtnr!i\. Vancouver
' ' '■ '■>»•'■». Vnn^iuver
(^^■^■■jarl (U. C). Port Town»en.l. B>-
attle. Tacoma. Ever»t_t. Ana-
c> rtea anil New Whntcnm
(Wash.). 10 a. m . I>c. 17.
« ST Jan. 1. an* «*•"»▼ flfth &* r thereafter:
chanare at Prattle to thla company-a ■;•««*«
for Ala.ka an.l O. N. »>:«»«««» t0 N ' P -
It'y • at Vancouver to C. P. Railway,
/or Eureka (HumN>lrtt Riv> - P m . D«-_ IS.
20 21 to Jan. *. and every flfth (lay thereafter.
Kr Ranta Crui. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
co. Port Har7onl .Ban '•• • Oblnpo>. <**£*,
! Panta Ilarbara. Ventura. Hueneme Pan Pedro
I Rant Ban Pedro 'L»>» AWl ' 1 " * '' Newport. 9
|a. m.. dU. 14. IS. K. M. »>. •»•«• 3 - « n(1 •*"»■
°For Pan PtafA •topplnir only at Port nar-
font .San Lulu OMkpo). Santa Barbara. Port
/iiAwlm and nedondo <Lo» An»ele«). U a.
m. Pec 11 ». :«. ». J«n- ». »°<» •*•'» f00"f 00 " 1 *
' dVorhEs££art'a.d Vor h E5££art'a. Mairfalepa Bay. Pan J^# del
Cabo. Mazatlnn. Altata. LaPa*. Santa Rowjll a
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m . .th of each
"For 'further Information obtain company*«
f The" company W*erTe. the rirht to eb«ii«
without preylons nnttc* itfam*n, aallln* aate*
«•«.! tirmr" of «iilMnr
TI CKKT orriOß- 4 New Montgomery
itreel (Palace lintel).
GCX>!'Ait.. p:-i:kivs *m Oe n Ar-<
10 Market «t . San Franriarrt.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
r DISPATCn FAST STEAMERS TO
PORT^.AND
From « . nr .«tre.t WtaH at 10 a. m.
CADE «l* Flr.it Clanw Including B«rt>
rAnt .SS Second Clasa and Meali
State of California £v;"vif?J? *,!!„• .
Coluinbta , ~- •■••.- w > Jan - •
Vh.jrt Lin. to Walla Walla. Svokan*. Butte.
Helena &n>l to all point* In *h« Northwegt.
ThrouKh tickets to all imtntP m»t
K. C. WARP. Onernl Acent.
69) Market «t-
nOonAI.T-. PERKINH A CO..
Superintendent*.
fMiaaiMtfl - ft, Marlpi aa anil*
AWamf^FEINIP via H i lulu and
#P? 4 ilHl Aucklanl for Sydney
■ r s2l^^ 1 " • - Wednttday. D«:. XT.
I taSTalo^^l^N at I p. m. ...
■ 9mm J Th * s s - A'»»*r«n%
%:^gaT CJlMllljlllU^ M !i. for Honolulu
(AlimnU, Wednesday. Jan. \\
£-^^ »>Jlil|yvJll*P i«nn. at 1 p. m.
Favori't Lin* R"iiml the World, via Hawaii.
Famoa. New Zealand Australia. India, dun.
England. «tr. ; JJIO first clan.
I. 0. SPRECKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Aot».. 114 Montcemtrf
Pi«r 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Mice. 32? Market St
AMERICAN LINE.
• irfW TORJC 80OTHAMPT05. LOIfDOH. TkKX
Ptoppln* at Cnerbour». wesf'm.ud.
From New York V.vr\ Wednesday. 10 a. m
New York Jan. 3 New York Jan. M
Ht lioula Jan. M St. Louis Jan. 31
St. Paul Jan. 17 St. Paul Feb. 7
RED STAR LINE.
New Yor% and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Wenternland ....Pec. 27|Ara*onla Jan. IT
KenslnKton Jan. 3 1 Frlfslnnd Jan. :i
Noordland Jan. 1<) Soothwark Jsn. :i
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery »t.. or any of it* agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
BTKAMKKS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COU-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and KONOKoXt). c&Jltna; at
Kobe <Hk>Ko>. Naxa>akl ar. 1 Shanghai. an<]
connecting at Hongkong with uttmtM for
India, etc. No canto received on board on day
of miiinK.
HONOKONO MAC' Tuesday. Jan. 14
NIPPON M WO Friday. Ftbw t
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rnte». Fcr
freight and pannage apply at company's 'r.. ■.
I*l Market street, comer First.
W. !I. AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAOHIE OIHIRALC TRAS3ATLAKTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS esmt.
SalltnK every Trrir« lnstra-1 • ' <;» (T»J^
Paturdny. from November Z. lsW. at "■***«»
10 a m.. from Pier 4:. Nnrth River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIF:. Jan. 4; L.V
CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11: LA AyUITAINE. Jan.
li*; LA GASCOiJNE. Jan. V>. ■ Fln«t cl.uui t-j
Havre. V*i an<l upward: 5 per <**nt redaction en
round •rip He«tjnd class to Harre. M.': 5 prr
cent re<luctlon on rotin<l trip. GKNKHAL
AGENCY FOR UNITKI» STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast'
A gents. 5 Montgomery av<»-. San Francisco.
BAT AND RIVER STEAMEBa
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tue«> Wed.. Tnur*. and Sat. at »«5
a m.. •:15. *:») P n». <es. Thur«. N night). Frl.
days, 1 p. m. and »:J0: Sundays. 10:J« a. m.. I
p m. Landing and office. Ml»*l<->n-»tr««t Dock,
Pier No. 1. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE t • *0»
910
SAN FRANCISCO < all.
irCf-nCECS OFFICE of th« Ban rranclFOO !
r-n. ecraer cf Market «n3 Third *tre*t*. open
«•« • mi 1? o'clock every night In the year.
PUA3CCH OTOCES-«a Montgomery street,
». rr.rr Clay; o;*n until *:S0 p. m.
: !:.-.>•>. rtrert: cpen until »::5 p. ru
«3 J.!rA::if;:cr Ftrett: cpen t:r.tll 'SO p. m.
r :.:,rk!n etreet: open until «:30 p. m.
Z't\ :.l'i.::cn *trett: cpen until M p. m.
:;>: Market tirert. corner 6Uteenth; open
cntli ? n. tn.
•ji firvnXh Ftreet; o^ti en!!! f p. m.
3CJC Valencia rtreet; cj>en until 9 p. ni.
"r! P«,:k »tre<t: open ur.t:i » p. m.
Nortliwec! rcrccr or T\» eniy-*eeood and Ken-
urVy npity < fen ur.t:i > p. ra.
ttCBTIXG NOTICES.
MISSION Lt-^e* No. IC3. F. and A. M.— m
: neMlor THIS (TUESDAY)
i:v::.\'L.O at ::Sft «.'i!.^ck. Fecond de- TKjZ
C. 1). HUNKER. Soo. />T^
CNTTT Encarr.ntnent No. tt, I. O. O.jk. yj
r,— OolJea rule tnd royal purple de- vv
* R CF. BRALRT. C. P. S V
i7\LirORNIA Lodfe No. 1, L O. nfrrv
.- r -Mi raiders will meet In their
J lli WEDNESDAY. December 27. r
Bt l o'clock P. m.. to attend T'i»*^'
Tie : i::.»rai <f cur lute brother. JAMES
IRItEA'T. P. O. H. L. TODD. N. ti.
IOLI'EIIS* meeting— The aJ.r.uil mert-
[.; tin rTocUholder* of the California Dry
■ .:;>• will l»e h*'J at the rfflce of
i;;« ci . No. 202 California MrvK. San
'i. Oa^.. en MONDAY. January 8.
i. «t 31 o'clock a. nt.. for the purpoea cf
Hr.g k I'oard <if dlrt'ctcrs to perve for the
at >«.it ard fr>r the trar.^actlon of rurh
. • > ' "mf Ir.est an may rroperlv com* b*fcre
f." ri-ct;!-.«. W. P. RU'SSELU Secretary-
• - ■ No. 3CI Califirnla St.. room I. San
V:.: • •<■'. Cal.. Pecember 14. 1539.
ANNUAL meet mr—T he regular annual nieet-
;rs cf the •tocktiolders cf th» Wlttrain Pro-
tH-'.ler i r rr.i-.d.v.y r->\) be held ct their office,
■ M -Vet rt.. Fnn Francisco. CaJtfomle, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of Jarxeary. IWO.
.-I :) i- hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of
. -• :r a bwird r.f director* to serve for the
„■ \ear. «til the traasartlrn of »uch
i tb«" kUsl::eis as n.iy come t>efor# the meet- |
CiIARJ.rS A. UVii. Sec.
■'>" r. iV. :.:..::•■ *t.. Stn Francisco. Call-
_ :
•, . ■ ■ -.f.\ -.itlr.s r' the ftockholder* of
~ ' - Nm a/la National B»nk if Kan FVandscn.
v : ba l-r'.t nt :t« binVtnc house. SCI
*■ r.tBotß#ry rt.. Ban Frar.-lsej, Cal., on :
I •'•■. 3ancary !. IW, at 3:13 o'clock p.
• . for '!■• electJon if director* to serve for
I] t m«alnc year, and the traovactlaa of ruch
i ■• r; Vj«'.:ir«g as \r\^v crr.e hefcre the meet-
••r am. ORANT. Socretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
A n ~r. r-ee; (*ivrrc# law a tpeclalty; prU-ate;
til fe,. v.thrjt BOOCSa: oo'.'ecticns. O. W. I
HOXVJE. fttty tt law. (SO Market, c^r. Ftoektn.
ADVICK fr*e; i;o charge ur.les* Fucrosßful. W.
DAVIDSON, rt? Martiet Ft., cpp. Mason.
r H. MEItr^nACH. nttomey at law, has re- '
i-uri'd rraclice nt r--3 Cal. Ft.. Clunle b'.dg.
L. S. CI»AitTC. Enrr.s. Hpr*cke:s b!dg.. J27 Mar- !
Icet it : coasultatloa free: no fer* It advance.
A Wi:niCs r.ews for 5 ccr.ts.T>e Weekly Call.
•' • -«. :r. ■wrarr-' < r. for mnlUnr. »1 per y»r. •■
' —^—^— — —^— i .
i > Mill AND ROOMS.
A^-Tlin^NOßiLTNTJ^C^T'Ed^r^^wry" rar- J
!.!*!e: Uutmctiaat: thorcaghJy renovated «nd
farered: eur.rjy suites «r..; rinrle rooms; Jict
water In tvei'g room: re>w murjigement: ta-
|i!i> hinr<>r« n'ern-.m^ated: «-»ceilrr.t jib*
•nlli he n *4y t« receive g'jests Januap- I.
riil»T. Ur.lte.l Ptfltrs Hotel; rooms II M j
week t:p. •wi'h beard S3 r.O: su'.te for two with '
b'<ard. JI2; h ard. H wflt: meal*. 23c; elc- I
vater rur.s all r.is!;t. j
JIHTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market — runt j
• ■ furr.iture; Srst-cla.ss in «very respect; I
thlj« ur.?urj)aa?ed ; hot and roll water: ele-
vator: *ulte«. with l>eard lor 2. f.*.o month up. j
".> Is .1. '. ; !ir>t -clans In all appoint- i
MteeJlent lai le. c T California U oc- i
f-upyinf >vmrr crr"''ite ilrace Chui-rh. >
•"^LOHAVIA HOTEL." I'olk and Clay-Sun- j
' '-t 1 .■■rmi; fur 2. 143 up; tingle. $20.
LAS PALMAS.IS2O Market Ft.— Fulte of 2 or 3 '
private; *iaih; F'.n. rtr.r; beftird optional. I
—' ■ i
<«KTH. :*,: «'.ear>- Large suites, bath,
■ :■: ■ z ■ r 4 feat Semen: •■xcllfnt nble board.
!.. 742 -Clean, comfortable rooms;
C -«»i :al Ie rmanl; terra* to holiday transients.
: '.'■ ■ loan on diamon<ls.watch'><«.s!lver.seal-
iST'iif"*. cur.s. Ur.rle Harris. 1.1 Grant ay.
CHEAPEST nri i-->.t In America— The Weekly
'•'.1. :c t asres, »-or.t to «my a^dres* In the j
ITrlted Ptate* cr Canada cne year fo» Jl, ;
; ■ »ing.« t -:M. j
i;n\l!» AND 11OOJLS WANTED.
lIOOJI an^ t^-ard uante>l by family of 3 In
■ ramUv in the Mlttitm wnrm be;t.
M'..-"-!on t.'ix CalL
WANTED, lijr cou;'li-— Two rur.ny rr^oms with
'■■u-1. Iti An;erifun rrlvate fatallj*. vicinity
Van !Cea avc; refer^n^et exchanged; aiate
trrri'F. IVix ir.39. Call ofllce.
*'•'>'. N<< marrif.l rouj-li» <!rs!r» room and board I
;n irl\:.t-- ?am'ly; nr.tth .f M-'Alllfter utid
rf Jnne» »t. A<!dre-s box fCS. Call.
FIRST-CLASS room and br»rd wanted: no ob-
jection if j art or the whole la exchange for
vocal anrt ji>no lfE«ons: by loading singing
tejirher of P. F . whose cffl>->e la la central Io- '
cattra. r.-x 171". C ; .i| offl.-e.
CHEAPEST .%r.d be?t in America— The Weekly !
''all, IC raires, tent to any aiMrert In the
Vniied Ptate« or (^inada cne year fcr $U
T f «">pe pnlli.
DOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOIOOIi IWXiICS boud-t and exchanged^
H t ::r.e« )>-."k «•■>.. 704 Missies St.. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
ErnCIAL-Ladien' fire white brU« raadals j
(French, heels); rr--. lai prioa, only $1 a pali
I'SOPLE'S SHOE STOan. "Cheawst of
yhert All." I.VS rtockl >n :t.. nr. Hroajway.
DISINCSJi CIIANCCS.
A— COO; GROcSlY^ln'fSikYandrwlth' hors» and
wagtin; rr.nt 110: a goou jmying buslaetis; ail
frer.li »to<->c Call 11. G. VILK.I3. M* Market.
A—tW — RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
house, with dally receipts of J33; only Dim-
clan prices; re-it $«.; th» best loc.iUon Jn th!*
Call R. G. WILKE. »9C Market *t.
A— CORNJ3I «alooa~w!th 7' yeari^ ieaae la
t«rtK4ecal« district; place ostaMlshed years -
i- from $:ao to HuQ per month: no hotter
offer in market. It. P., WILKE. Xt Market.
A— J4m>— DEUCACV More and branch bakery!
en lArkin »t.; rest IU; gxnl paying bu*ine«»;
tii!» i 1.-u-e r..r 'j iAd]ea>or n-.an anj wife. Call
_ R. G. WILKU >j iiauriujt Kt .
A— t«£t> — CANI'Y *tore and factory, with living
ri-'omfe. Jn choice location on l'ulk et • rent
ST.- clears ::3 :*r w.«-lc; elecauily fitted; a
rare cS-.ance. R. O. WUJCZ, K< Market rt.
A" WOOB ' CORXKR »,TfK<en' and bar; choleeat
or.-.iira; nr.t J4*; Oclr.g a large ttore and bar
trade- stock «il trwh; a rare oj,;K«un!ty.
CaU R. G. WILKC. ?(C Marktt rt. Jni1 '
A— r:O— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
'.arse and flirt -c!as« p«)lng baslnesn; r^nt !
120; the very l"">.t Ixatlin: owner tnuat «acrl-
Dee on acct»uat <if nUier investn-.ents n. great
barcaln. Call J\. O. WIUCK. !»0« Market Ft.
T<» ir:c.:>— ."-room Jioute and lot* rented for
rt or lodgirg house. lIASILK. 3 Eddy st. i
j: i:;-^TAURa:.T; rsc m«U«; nn* location- 1
good 1mnlnf?«: murt y«-!L »ASILI'. 3 Kdjy B t. '
«:r/«>-FIRST-CL..\SS invtrtn}TOt:~* : cTj~«tirbl
fllnhed manuracturtnr pluut: paj-lnr 2j vr
• «r.t; can Vx* inirfared; good epp<«rtun!tv VV O r '■
nciive man wl»hlr.jr to *ngiyre m T*ij ah ]
:a-r!nws. l'ar^ctiinrn. b^>x IL2U Call office.
YOUNO or mld«le-B«jed rr.an as partner in the
tw-tntlnr and papeWjanging • »*JE:ney 8: n, ust
r.nve ""'".."'■ : *' of carlta.l. A ..-••«. box
LO4, Call office. . ."
CANI^Y etor» for aale: will Invoice I^oo- must
ar*&t o 2u : ra * ke "* oaer: ftnr oM price -
AN' ucc-i .taf'.Jf yo-.;r.g "n wanted to Join me '
in a I'uslnc** t!iat W.JI realize from $1000 to
' ■i rr fronth; rr.cst have frrna TICCtQ tv $12>.'0
!cath: only j>rmc!:ul* ha\-lnr the actual cash
dealt xelth; no scheme «r fake, but a genuine
l>;:dn"wi prrpoFttlon; particular* only by t>er-
• ■! tntervletr. UONL'S. box lf.2S, Call.
TO tmde--r,-room hrwse and lot* rented for '
ealoon or Jods-lng houte. HASIL!:. 3 Kddy st.
Coo> (rutted Jn olj established
. new. llc>x 1714. Call efflce.
COFTKi: nni tea routr? Fur-pllcl from GEO
\V. CA.^XLL A CO.'B. 412 K-icraaento «t.
ru;>TriN<» sfccp: nlock and «,hor> tool*; ta a
good 10-atlrn. Jlzx 13fl. Call office.
J'Oi: ra.!e che^Tv-Car.dv. baker>' ard stationery
Syj7 Uirl:t*-enth rt. : : - ,r
EHOP fcr j-alatrr, ulumber, carr-enter: rent
ana moTe !n work. WM. lIENDRICKSON
ti «X).. «« Call tullillr.g.
U • •' : i-WTJTH buslnrx* for FAle: itt years In the
came r'.act. U2 McAllister at,; residence BU
Mc i .ftcr rt.
A BRANCH offlcF for the reception •dver-
• .. nts. and cub^crirtlons has been opened
« t *itt I'olk rt.; ojxn until 9p. m. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
: ■ 1 ■ r'.pUcn* ha* bcea CEtablUhcd at ICU6 Va-
_ lT.ru, Kt. |
A HHANCll 'office for Call advertisement* and
lubrrrlptlon* ha» been established at the
went ccrrcr of T-n-enty-seco::d and Ken-
tucky ets.; open until I p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERT, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new, suitable dry goods stores. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission »t.
100 SETS second-hand harnes*: wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CAItPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disrupted with poor work
•end to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tng Works. S3S-337 Tohama 6t. ; tel. X 40.
CITY Fteam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 2S-40 fcth st.: tel. South 230.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4U Stevenson *t. : tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleonfnr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main Z'M. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Ft.; tcl. Jessie ?44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co .. 249 14th
Ft.; cleaning. 2c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'6 Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Onto ■•"• . : telephone East 128.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for r<l»on oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Ppear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known tranc* medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
i-he reveals every hidden mystery; she will
i-how you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MR«?. DR. F. CLARK.
20C Turk Ft., nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves._
A— PROFEFSOR MAY\
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advlo« on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if In doubt, trouble or
advertity call on this (rifted medium and he will
he!p you: mediums developed In from 3 to <i
moMhs; letters containing three questions ar.d
$1 answered; hours. 9 to 8; Sunday. 10 to i.
MME. A. CERVANTEsT the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st.. room 7. Becond floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st.. trance,
tejt medium; Hie reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
leader; 2Jc up. 73 Fourth st.. nrar Mission.
MME. YOUNG. CO5 McAllister; demonstration
of tplrlt return to nl^ht; 10c; come skeptics.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
part, present, future, 25c 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. r. 35; admission 10c.
MOTHER SADIE materializing nance to-mor-
row. 12 o'clock; &oc. 4C>9 Leavenworth ut.
MMr SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. • : -'. truth or no pay. 114} Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh «t. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
MRS. RAN KIN. card reader and palm lit. 833
Mission Ft., near Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent plate writer.
<J0 Ellis «t.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
TOUR future told by cards, 23c. 1024 Sixth st..
10 a. m. tr> 8 p. ra.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: Gern-.an spoken. 821' i Mlsslon,op Mint.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advlct: names given; 2T.c up. 3 Fourth st.
MME. SYRILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
'.■nnd's picture. 2f,c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
Ws k-jr-cr-Hiful. Room 310. t?7 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. B. lIIGGINS* dental rarlors. 927
Market st., ovfr Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without i«iln by ust? of electricity, gas or
cMorof orm ; also by Kx-al anaesthetic* applied
to the gums; the be*t and most artistic <i«-ntal
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllncs
Irvm $1 up; ether fillings from 30c; ba.lly de-
cayed te»-th carefully treated and tilled cr
crowned without j>ain; j>law-« that fit from
$4 f.u up; cpen evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for i«alnle<>s dentistry—
Syr.ol. on application to the gums, removes
the ;.aln; f*« our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and Ftronper than rubber; warranted for 20
jears; crown nnd bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 30c; crowns, $3 30; plate*,
full *et, $3: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago ivr.tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 103 Mary
ket tt.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
hay* your extractions done palnlt-ssly: te*-,U
without plate* our epecialty: gold frowns,
$3 t*> up; plates, extractions free. $4 10 up: oS-
fioe bean, s a. m. to 1") p. ra.: Sundays, 9 to 2
T. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEelv. 20 OFarrell St.. rx~-
tract* and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful Fecret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prlr.e*; no Ftudents; guaranteed 12 years. '
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Ft., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and filllngu a
epecialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Palnlewi extraction by electric-
ity: guarant-c 19 years: lowest prices; 10 oper-
ators: no student*. W7 Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 233 Kearny. tor. Bush-
Full •■■•:< crowns. $3; fillings. 23c.
LOWEST prices in P. P.I work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentist*. «» Mission, cor. Cth.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per we«»jc: refer to C*M
city patler.ts. Esmond I>ental Parlors, 43 Cth.
SET of teeth without riate] DR. IL cf
YOUNG. IS4I Po'.k st.
OHIO Dental Parlor*. Inc.: 8 irraduate opera-
tors; open evenings nnd. Sundays. S3> Market.
DII E > SMAKIJ R S IMI >I.\MM Ul.-M.i
McDOWELL I>ressmaklng School: leading sys-
tem; easy raymer.ta ; evg. clashes. 103 Post.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 2C5 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 257 Geary: dresses
niadu, $' op; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds Pleat-
lr.g. iinkir.g. :2l Pot. overO'ConnorfcMofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poit"sTr'irT?n
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand.
t>plng. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and iiilning er.gl-
Reertng. etc; r.*w SO-Tage catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dent* to pn to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrctt building: be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $30.
AYRES* ButlnesF College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $30. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1226 Market st.
ENGINEERING «chool.clvil.el«ctrlcal, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, arohl.: day an* even :
est. m VAN PER NAILLEN. 033 Market.
MIFS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all d<-
inands for her shorthand graduate;; lesson*
personally and by mall. 202 Montgomery st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF
MERKI. K-CS Mission; violin, mandolin, gull
tar; reaeocable.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r 17.
THE Hltchcork School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Tbenter. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
nes* College. 303 Larkln st.. cpp. City Hall .
DANCING, ballroom or rtage. quickly taught •
rriv-oi* class. Barker* Academy. {-27 Mission.
LAW schools. t27 Market. P. F.. and ?05 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKS:nPINO. a rithmctlc.grammar. writing;
pay nnd night: term* low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES*
ORPHEUM Employment Of flce^Japanese. ChN
ncse. 426 I'owcll. near Suttcr; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
(_( _ lr?e. €33 Clay Ft.; phone Davis 821.
3TAPAKEBB Information bureau: Japanese and
i-hlnewe help. 421 Post; phone Main 19fcG.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bc.n help. 4144 O'Farrell Ft.; tel. East 42«.
J A PAN EBK-CHI NESfTeit.p. Agency; all kinds
hei r c.r.o. OAKi, so Ge ar y Ft.; t«0. i;mnt .-if..
IMl". <>\ Mi.M v ANTED — FEMALE?
SITUATION wanted to clrTfor chUdTeiTby one
of the kindest, most careful Am-rican
SS^uk^L 21 WlMlld rathl>r sleep home
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; will go by the day
or week; s a fin.. laundress; can do any kind
of work; Is > strong and willing. engage
now: fl and car fare.' Please call 143 3d. r. io!
Qon.ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches ktlver seal-
skins, piano*, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Graiit ay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
I ,1...,w, l ..., w
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompanist on
the piano with one or more instruments. Ap-
ply h2:i> Howard st
W INCHE STER House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
kit. 200 rooms; 2Lc to $1 10 night; $1 &0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bub
and bnggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions lias been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; cpen till 9 ii. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at MM Va-
lencia tt.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1"23 Polk st.: op»n until 9 p. m.
EM I'LO YM ENT W ANTED MALE.
WANTED— Situation or employment In private
family; understands care of horses or cows,
etc.. in this city: a native of Bohemia. Ad-
dress box 1523. Call.
YOUNG man, 15 years of age. desires position
1 tn wholesale grocery house. Address F.
RODRIGUEZ. 41C Minna street.
YOUNG man of education would give good,
honest services for board and room if allowed
to attend Hastings Law School; best of ref-
erences. Address box 1C23, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.ellver.seal-
f-kins. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, IS Grant ay.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German, un-
derstands the care of horses, cows, garden
work, has porter experience and Is handy
with tools, desires position. Box 608. Cal..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call bnnch office. 2200 Fillmore ts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlrements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets.; open till ? p. m.
A BRANCH efftee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
tit 1223 >'r:ii Kt. . cpen till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
FIRST -CLAPS business for an Alameda house
nnd lot. Address box ma. Call office.
EXPERT Oi'TICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye trouble
can nt once be overcome with Maycrle's Ger- |
man eye water, by mall. ''■■ GF.ORGE MAT-
ERLE. Oerman Expert Optician. 1071V4 Mar-
ket rt.. Fan Francisco; telephone Mint 2j7.
ii. a i TO LET.
I $100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watehes.sllver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FLAT hunting ir.ade easy with the printed list
ycu get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery it.
$15— SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms; bath; base-
ment. 3426 Twenty-Feoond St.
$15— SUNNY middle flat: 4 rooms: bath and |
yard 20 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
FREE TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY illustrafM book, by sending
address to lock box 113, Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOH SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $1 90;
heavy mattlr.g. 10c per yard: Z^xSO Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 13:3-1312 Stockton
Ft., near Broadway: open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4"« TO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FCUNITUHE WANTED.
W. E. CODT Hate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 71V7 Mission: tel. R<hl. 33i3.
I ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Ft., pays
J the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
\VANTEI>-s;»> carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price raid: i>ostal. M. SUversteln, 1121 Market.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
GOOD reliable" agents wanted to Introduce a
new i^c article. 12C Kearny St., room 8.
WANTED-Experlenced solicitor. Box IE2O.
i Call office.
! BIG communion, percentage Increase, share in
m • li. salary: m«-n. women to sell lnvostment-
eavlngs bon-ls; better than bank or illdlnc
tr.d loan stock. Call room COS, I'arrott bldg.,
12 to 4 dally.
II 1. 1 1" WANTED— FEMALE.
I A^!~BOARDING-HOUSE cooks. |X: short or-
der cook, $3i'; institution cook. $35; housework.
Oakland. J2."-: Alameda, f2i; San Rafael. I. I -;
lterkr-ley. $20: I'a.lo Alto. $25: Menlo. $2T>; Grass
Valley, J2". 1 , . 3 In family: 2 second Klrls, $23
each: chambermaid and K-amstrt-ss. $2.'i,
Swedish only; 3 waitresses. $20 each; also ,
chamf'ermaid and waitresses for city and '
country. $20 and $22: 20 housework KlrU. city
: anil country, $2i and $20. •■ [88 CULLEN, 3:3
Sutter st.
j WANTED— Waitress and seamstress. $21; I
I second girls, city and country. $20; 2 young
nurse girls, $2", French; second girl and sew.
inf. $2.">: 2 neat Scandinavian girls for house- |
work, 3 In family each, for city, also Ala- I
meda, $2': 4 German cooks, $30: I traitresses
for boarding-houses and restaurants, $20 and
$5 a week: we want a large number of girls
for housework for both city and country nt
$IS, J2O and $23. Call for particulars of J. F.
CKOSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANT TO-DAY AT ~~~
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary it
15 waitresses; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20;
city and country: 23 German and Swedish
girls for houfework, $23. $20; 20 other girls,
housework. $2). Jl5. C. R. HANSEN . . CO..
104 Geary Ft.
A YOUNO girl for light housework; small fam-
ily; good home. 3334 Clay 6t.. near Central ay.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 204 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLAPS talloress on coats. 272 Steven-
eon st.
WANTED— GirI for housework; 3 In family;
wages $10. Call 117 Capp st.
I WANTED nurse girl with reference*. 718
Market st.
A YOUNG girl to take care of children; wages
JS to JlO. Call Tuesday, 1110 Scott St., near
Eddy. c
j FIRST-CLASS operator on vests, also finisher;
I rtfady; good ages. 966 Mission st.
I YOUNG girl to assist in housework; good
honie for right person. 1945 Geary st.
WANTED— A girl to do chamberwork, 869 Mis-
sion at., call after 9 a. m. j
WANTED— A woman to* help upstairs. 1053
Market st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do general
housework. 139 Third St.
1100.000 TO loan on diamond*. watches. sllver.seal- I
sklns, planes, guns. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay. |
LA!'li-:s to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; halrdrearing taught in four weeks. Call
or wrltp for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. OB Clay «t.
WANTED— A finisher on pant*; also an ap-
prentice girl; iay while learning. Room it.
4)0 Kearny st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at r:i3 I'olk Ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l I
subscriptions has been established at the ■
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- i
tucky Fts.: open until 9 p. m. _^
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0....104. ...104 GEARY STREET
Teamsters for the Coast road, free far*; rock
men and laborers for a quarry. $2 's) a day.
part fare advanced: B Fanners. for an orchard.
7f>c a day and board, see boss here; 2 pruners' •
$26 and board.
Middle-aged wine-room man for a country I
club; shnmpooer, Turkish baths, $40; vege-
table man. country hotel. $30; night porter
country hotel. $23. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 |
Goary st.
HEAD waiter, hotel, $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary Ft.
JAPANESE cook, ISO. and waiter, $23. for a
rnllroad camp, free fare. C. TL HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Genry st. - *
WANTED— Barkeeper: bread baker. $45 to
V>o; cake baker. $4.' ana found: hotel cook JC3-
boy to learn bakers' trade; restaurant cook'
$33; waiters, hwanhen and othen« J p'
CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento stl -'
WANTED— Driver for baker's wagon $30 and
f.iund : • ■ for milk wagon on commission.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacrumonto st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The cnl- leeal
organized union on the coast. J. .T HEINZ
Employment Bery., 820 Market, downs! i "
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. S»c.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 132.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1304 Kentucky «t
Potrero; Rcldy's Hotel. » "•.
WANTED— A cook at Old Washington Hotel
£24 Fourth Et.
GOOD coatmalters to work Inside; steady work
and good pay. S. X. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market
HELP WASTED-MALE.
DISHWASHER wanted. 314 Clay St.
DISHWASHER wanted. 613 Clay Bt.
NIGHT cashier wanted. Bay State Restau-
rant. . S tockton St.
YOUNG man. good waiter, to wait at table.
Call early. 13S0 Turk Bt. *
OLD man wanted. 1189 Oak Bt.
BARBERS— 3 chairs and complete outfit at a
bargain. 1456 O'Farrell Bt.
PAINTERS wanted at 410 Fifth st.
GET your shoos half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Hat salesman and furnishing goods
salerman. Apply S. N." WOOD & CO.. 71s
Market st. >
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart et.
tOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ;.«_• Mission St.. between Ist and 2d fits.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery St.. room 1, second floor.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced salesman
and buyer for clothing, furnishing goods and
hats. Address letters to box 1554. Call office,
stating references, giving houses where for-
merly employed, age and salary expected.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice: expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly : special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. C 33 Clay st. Tbe only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
$100. oco TO loan on diamonds, wntches.sll ver.seal-
skins, pianos. guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Laborers anil mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
nnd evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO 115 Keamy.
BARBER chop, first class, short hours. 6:30 to
7:30, for sale. 603 Washington St.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. EHEPARD & CO.. attor-
— neys. Hearst bldfr. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, inc. V"- and 250
per night. Llndell. Cth ar.d Howard; read, rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1U96 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for th« reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 3 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tnokv sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
AT auction Tuesday next at Ormonde Stable.
1517 Mission --Without doubt we have 40
head of largest, choicest and best broke horses
ever offered at public sale In this city. S.
WATKINS, Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for Fale: also wagons, buggies,
carts. harness. Grand Area Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction f.ili>s every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & IK3YLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY mare $tt; horse. $20: top buggy, It 1 );
light waaon. $35. 19 City Hall aye.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched Mark teams.
HOUSES — LODGING — IK SALE.
R. H. WINSTON ft CO.. • •t'st!
RELIABLE BROKERS..
16 rooms; cor.; finest furnished house In city;
central: particulars nt office.
17 rooms; cheap rent; cheap gas and a
money muker; part ''ash; rrr-n roomers.
SO rooms; new house, new furniture: $2000.
44 rooms; cor.; part cash rent $125; $2000.
41 ROOMS on Van Ness; rent 1125 $2000
36 rooms; one floor; money maker $IWO
17 rooms; central and very fine $550
Wanted— One 10-room and one 12-room house.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. near Call bids.
$700— I.ODGINO house: IS rooms; north of Mar-
ket Ft.; bargain, on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777^ Market st.
FOR sale- Well-paying 12-room house; must
sell by the l«t. Box 1553, Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: Bend for clr-
cular. C. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
EDDY. 1641— C beautiful rooms: house Just
renovated; yard; basement; modern improve-
ments.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$16-7 ROOMS and bath; newly painted. 22 De
Boom *t., off Second, near Brannan.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, v ,it<-he<t.*llvrr.Beal-
Fkins. plan guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant iv
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— bracelet; Initials M.^T.T^at" Park
or Chutes. Return to Golden West Hotel;
. suitable reward. —
LOST— Diamond locket; monogram 8. H. Re-
turn to S. HERZOG. Kan Rafael: reward.
LOST — Ladles' diamond Ecarfpln; three stones.
Return to 7231 Geary Bt. ; reward.
LOST In Oakland— A gold penknife, on Satur-
day afternoon, at I o'clock, either on Broad-
way, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth
pt?> . or at Lehnhardt's candy store; finder
will receive liberal reward by returning to
Lehnhardt'd. 1159 Broadway, Oakland.
LOST— Dec. 20, in the vicinity of Fourteenth
and Jefferson fits., Oakland, a small purse
containing five diamond rings and two dia-
mond pins. Couple seen to pick up same will
pleas* return to J. F. CONNERS. 1203 Jcffer-
Bon rt.. and receive $200 reward.
LOST— Pug dog; In the Mission: name Sport.
Return to 1330^ N'atoma st. ■ reward.
FOUND— A yellow mastiff dog. Inquire 1138
Pacific at . near Jones.
MEDICAL.
MRS. PR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; homo for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic dlsepses: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde an.l Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 6, 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Writ" or call At ICl*3 Market st.
DRK. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 110 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Office. 118 Eddy at., near Mason.
DR. POPPER. Indies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 315 Keamy st.
DR. and MRS. PA VII 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
brct of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles, DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
ph. n« Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. i R. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket ft., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
tr» atment at office. $5; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. ,to 6 p. m. at residence. 22S Van Ness
aye.. 5 to > p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. GREY, the eminent female specialist.
1 Fifth st. Home or office treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
st ; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
easea of the human body. 115 Mason st.
■IMBI AM) MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares: fortune makers:
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 40 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS' GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; to!. Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOIL SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. il<>
INTOSH 41 WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st-
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, Etore and of-
llce furniture ami fixtures; now and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. Al7-1019-1021-1C23 Mission
gt.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission* st.
A WRITTEN guarantee given with everything
Bold: jour money back If not as represented:
established 1851. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
MISCELLANEOUS — SALE.
TWO-TON Buffalo scale for sale; a bargain.
Call at U2O Mission st.
REMINGTON typewriter, $27 60; bicycle, $12; a
bargain. 416 Larkln st.
ONE H. B. Smith 4-sided sticker: 1 Qoodell A-
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 5 locomotives; 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
633 Market St., San Francisco.
ELEGANT fawn beaver cape; lined silk; latest
! model: great bargain; $50. Call between 2 and
i 6, 135S Market Bt.
; A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hat*. $1 76. Pop-
j ular Price Hatters. 330 Kcarny st_. nr. Pin*.
HANDSOME fawn beaver cape; latest model;
silk lining; $50; half-price. 1421 Market, r. 11.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade $10: cost
$35. PLAZA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns: new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
I and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
: FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN,
j reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. 8. White. 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers.
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear.
SAFES— New and" second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
aiISCELLAXEOUS wants.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLCAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Hi Market
St.; til. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ANY propoEltlon. any amount- 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; conndentlal; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOAN'S on furniture, or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AV0 . 1 . D .«i ayB: try alt others, then see me; $50
to $100,100; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Market. 1
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
ISjI;. our own fireproof building; Drtvnte en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery tt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planns: no removal: low rates; confidential.
lIONKLLI. Conservatory bldg. 130 Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
*" rv ' ; money direct: lowest Interest Rooms
CS and C 3. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 121 Kearny. nn. 8. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
ratu; take elevator; tel. Davis 995.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
ltidorapr. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
TO ralarled men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan bulldlne.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
ary proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
}ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, >•>.() Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $2000 on first mortgage. Address
box i:3<. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~
I AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
pric» allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and pome good
pianos for $3. $4 and I") per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY 1 CO.. Stelnway Dealers, or-
ner ■.••arny and Rutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all the rage"
now. Bee them at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
PACKARD orcans are the best of all organs
for churches; send for prices. MAUVAIS
769 Market st.
THE choicest kind of a Christmas present Is an
Olympla music box. Call at MAUVAIS". 769
Market st. and hear them.
IF you don't want to pay all canh you can have
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAIS 1
TO Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
■ and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
I thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ALL makes for a short time only.
; $4. M, »4. $4. $4. $4 per m<Mth.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose A Sons and
, 60 other slightly used iii ii and medium grade
■■ planon; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
GREAT slaughter nale of pianos on storage:
cloning out lot of uprights $00 up: open even-
Ings. WILSO.VS STORAGE. 1710 Market.
! LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; i>rl< reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market, st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post St.; open evenings.
WANTED- 2 square pianos! BYRON MAUZY.
JOS Post st.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
ASHTON— Store. 428 Turk. nr. Larkln. $16; do
479 Valencia St., nr. Sixteenth, $20.
HALF of nice office (furnished); first floor
Room 14. 1104 Market st.
PERSONALS.
AM 65; wealthy, but lone; will make home hap-
piest Bpot en earth to appreciative wife
"DALE," 937 East Fifty-fourth St., Chicago.
MMi: HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;'
past, present, future, 25c. 14$ Sixth *t.. r. 12.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca. the best Hair Tonic
given away: sample bottle sent to your ad-
dress on application to G. I. Merer. 123 Stkton.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney nt Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Batter bt.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, 1 ii. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, II Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
250 to 5160 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bun and baggage to and from the ferry.'
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
. turners; make-up an.l wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
LEDERER Is -i connoisseur in coiffures; go"to
him and have your hair dressed right. 25c -
switches $1 up; open mornings, on holidays
nnd Sundays. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
GOLDEN Gate OjEter and Chop House: oysters
any style. _ DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lnc call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
carpets, old gold; send for him. 606 Kearny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market., bet. 7th and Sth.
PERSONALS.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third ft.; send postal.
PAINTING and paperhanging: rooms papered.
12 SO up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth st.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 54S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.; Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper:
superior to all and lower In price: sample
doz. 25c. mailed. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PHRENOLOGY AND METAPHYSICS.
PHRENOLOGICAL reading given. All dis-
eases cured without the use of drugs by Profs.
DOVE and EILERSFICKEN. 78 Third, r. 15.
REAL ESTATE CiTY FOR SALE.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sal* on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Hatght; over 34
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms:
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro- st. cars: patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS business lot; cheap If sold this
week. Box 1363. Call.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages). In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE TRY — For Sale
A— REMOVAL notice -■ -- " ''-H
Another fine move; don't forget my new ad-
dress; finest offices and unequaled list.
. N. D. SICKELS, THE LAND AGENT—
10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle building. S. F.
$1200— COTTAGE: 4 rooms and basement; In :
Berkeley, near station; lot 3SxSO; $100 down. $15
monthly.
$«!0— Rough house; 4 rooms; lot 25x123; $50
down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
YOU get 160 acre* for SEOO; list of small farms.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 M:.- St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver, seal- '
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
HAIGIIT. 100— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1031 Va-
lencia it.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has boon established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. md Infurr..
A~— BRUN'SWICK lIOUSE7~i4?~sTxth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; IK" to {5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike, bouse; modern service elevator;
bath; rooms *.'«• to Ji £0 day. MRS. J. KIN'"..
BURNETT. 1425 Market st. (oil No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. i
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate '•
aye.— Sunny corner; well funr. rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
ELEGANT suite, bay window, on Van Ness;
suitable for doctor or dentist. Box Ml, Call.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished room*
to let.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en rulte or single. MRS H. HVER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished i
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission fits.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 217, opp. Samuels' lace house — En
suite or single; very reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; II CO to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
MCALLISTER, 1034 — Large furnished room;
large closet; gag; hot and coM water; rent $6.
MINNA. C 67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1013 Market— Nicely furnished;
3.*.- day up; $2 week up: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, king-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 3.V to $1 10; week. $2 to
18: month, |S to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; battis.
SHERMAN Apartment House, » Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
WILLOW aye., 850— Sunny front room; bath-
quiet home for gentleman.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hns been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Sts.: open till 9 D. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
nt 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscript lens has been established at 10»« Va-
lencia st.
£PECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that th. have ad-
mitted Int.- the orphanage from July 1 1899
to December 30, 1899. the following orphans '
and half-orphans, boy* and girls: Abe Blame
6 yrs. 4 mos. ; Earle Marks. 6 yrs. 3 mos :
Rosa Cohen. 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Dora Cohen 13
yrs. 4 mos.; Joseph Cohen. 11 yrs. 9 mos •
Marcus Bernstein. 9 yrs 6 roos. ; Jacob Bern-
stein, 7 yrs. 2 mos.: Ruth Lowensteln. 3 yra.
9 mos.; Charles Hlrsch. 9 yrs. 10 mos.; Albert
Hlrsch. C yr*. 3 mos.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable! take no other-
send 4c stamps for particular*. ' "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return rail; at drug-
cists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS' new discovery for rheu-
matlsm: also medicated baths for alcoholism
and rheumatism. V?:. Mat.. office 7; 1-5, 7-10.
BAD tenants ejected for v. collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.'
SEWING MACHINES ANIJ SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold"
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; [.- -.. Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at Irnvest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WARKHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH sYora^TTnd^M^vmT
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713
"WATCH REPAIHING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed years"
The Roy Jewelry an. l Optical Co.. 640 Kearny! '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
H460-LOT 2«x125: cottage" I rooms and bath :
street work done; easy term*.
$2200-1,01 SOxMi; fine cottage; 6 large rooms 1
and bath: worth $3500: only $100 cash balance
$20 per month: great snap. c
$3COO-Lot 40xlS0: Morton st.. between rail-
roads; near station and school; handsome, new
cottage at 7 rooms and bath; (500 and $25 per
month. |
i*. ? o^ 1 ." 01 xlI °: 2-story bouse of 6 rooms and
bath: Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station
easy terms. '
*3500-Lot 40xir,0: fine new 2-story house. <
rooms and bath: Morton St.. near stations and
• c Jl'^ B \ l5OO " * h ' balan ce $30 per month.
$3600— Lot .1x110; on main venue; cottar*
8 rooms and bsTth; great bargain; houses to lit '
in all parts of Alarr.eda.
,J, JM H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park st.. Alameda. Cal. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TWO flats— lo rooms: modern: near" station":^
2?i n^ co«e o«, t0 Unlve rs»t>': price $2iCO: easy terms.
FREESE & CODPINOTON. Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
HANDSOME house, 9 rooms. In Frultvale;
modern and 5 years old; large lot; corner
Champion st. and Nlcol aye.; fruit trees and
carriage house: terms to suit you and price
too lew to quota; house open to-day. \
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— gQB BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
110 CASH. $5 monthly for 2 flnTTar^sTileveTTots.
ready for building on; will build a 3-room
cottage on these lots, with good well of
water, picket fence and outhouse all com-
plete and all told for $000; low monthly rent
paying will buy your home; Allendale Tract,
adjo.nlng East Oakland: 11 families now lo-
cated within V* years: street* all *rrade.l
some macadamized: close to 3 elect car
lines and model school: 2 blocks from a 90-
foot-wlde boulevard; call or send for circu-
HENRY t ?(&ES; B^^ CarT>W *"■
4 ELEGANT houses In count* of construction
on «3d *t.. bet. Grove and West. 2 completed,
all modern Improvement*: street work, side-
walks done; small payment down; balance
monthly If desired, house* open for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 515 10th it.
WILL sell quick fcrr $4200; fine corner
residence; lot 45x173; 9 rooms: up to date
E E. BUNCE. V. Eroadwny. Oakland
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas the
furniture dealer, 11th ami Frank: Oakland
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California M— the half
year ending December 31. 1839. a dividend baa
been declared at the rate of four 14) per cent
per annum on term deposit* and three and
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum 01 ordi-
nary deposits, free of taxen. payable on m I
after Tuesday, January 2 1500.
■ OEO. TOURNT. Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 223 Hans., me st . Par Fran-
cisco, has declared for the 6 month* ending
December 31. 1599. a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to. class "A" stock, 10 per cent
per annum to class "F" st.» « per cent per
annum on term deposits and S per cent per
annum on oidlnary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. PrestJent.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank cf
Pan Frnnclsco. 33 Post St.— For the half year
ending December 31. 1539. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three '3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on mil after TUESDAY. January 2 im
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice-Dividend No. 100 (Me per
share) cf the Oceiinlc Steamship Company
will be payable at th. office, of the company.
No. 27 Market st.. on and* after Tuesday.
January 2. 1900. Transfer books will close on
Wednesday, December 27 1»9. at 3 o'clock
P- m. E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN Francisco Savings Union. 532 California
St.. ccrner Webb— Dividend Notice— For th*
half year ending with the 31st of December.
1599. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of three and three-fourth* il\>
per cent on term deposit* and three and cne-
eighth C3M,) p»r cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday.
January 2. 19CO IX>VELL WHITE. C«shl»r
piioposaiJs^
UNITED STATES engineer ■« Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. Oct. 28. ISM. Sealed
proposals for furnishing and constructing
diverting channel for Sausal Creek, contigu-
ous to tidal canal. Oakland harbor. Cal.. will
be received here until 12. noon. December 21.
1*99. Information furnished on application.
W. H. HFITR Major. Engineer*.
BIETBS— — DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice* aent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b« bar. I'd
In at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with th» name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same pub!!-'
BORN.
COHEN— In this city, to the wife of D. Cohen.
a son.
DAVITT— In this city. December 17. I*W. to
the wife of John B. Davltt. a s-.n.
SILVERSTINE— In Oakland. December 13. SMt.
to the wife of A. SUverstlne. a daughter.
WAGNER— In Berkeley. December 22. ISW. to
the wife of Captain N. Wagner, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BEEDIE— ARKLE— In this eltv. December 24.
ISO 9. by the Rev. Frank 8. Ford. Daniel v
Ileedle and Estelle Arkle. both of San Fran-
Cisco.
DUNDORE— MIKESELL— In this city. Decem-
ber 13. : <». by th<» Rev. Dr. F. Nelamier.
Cyrenlus S. Dundee and Belle Mlkesell. both
of Los Angeles. Cal.
DE LASAUX— GIBBS— In thl* city. December
24. ISOO. by the Rev. Philip Coombe. Perclva:
J. de Lasaux of San Francisco and ICathryn
L. Glbbs of Alleghany. Sierra County Cal.
MOLLER-ELKINS— In this city. December :3.
ISM. by the Rev. Philip Coombe. Clarence I*
Moller of San Francisco and Myrtle Elklns
of Ferndale. Humboldt County. Cal.
MATTSON— JOHANSON— In thl* city. Decem-
ber 24. 1539. by the Rev. Dr. E. Neland^r.
Charles A. Mattson and Emma Johanson.
both of San Francisco.
SUMNER— BRADFORD— In thl* city. Decem-
ber 14, 1539. by the Rev. Frank 8. For.l.
Charlie D. Sumner and Rena A-. Bradford.
both of this city.
_____
DIED.
Blgnottt. Glacomo Jumel. Andrew
Briar, EUs« a. Xnowles. Sttllman 11.
Berry, James Lennon. John
Carl. Ronalta McHugh. Thomaa
DenlKwlsz. Ivan M '"•• William F.
Hrtckson. Alexander O'Connor, Sar^h F.
Eddy. Maud L. C/Hara. Elizabeth
Fitzpatrick. Francis oiiara. Margaret
Fehrenbach. S'.rie Quatle. Catherine
Freudenthal, John Redding. Mr*. Sophie
Forrest. James iJule. France*
Holland. Michael Smith. David B.
Wldemann, Mary
BIGNOTTI— In thla city. December U. !»!».
Giacomo. dearly beloved husband of Lou)*!*
Blgnottl. and father of Frederick. John. Ida.
Mary and Josephine Blgnottl, a native of
Italy, aged SD years S months and 10 day*.
'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that funeral takes place to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence. 1717 Dupont street, corner
Of Lombard. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.
BYLER— In thi* city. December 28. Mi X!!.««
Augusta, beloved wife of Alex'- ■ Byler.
mother of Louella and Alice By>r. daughter
of Henry an.l Catharine Ptetn of West Berke-
ley. and sister of Mr*. Hoff. Mr*. Peckham
and Henry Stein, aged 29 year* » month* and
22 days.
BERRY— In this city. December 23. ISM. Jarne*
Berry, aged M years.
CARL— In Colma. December 28. ISW. Rosalia
Carl, sister-in-law of V. J. Hohmann. aunt
of Mr*. B. Fnglcr. and grandmother of Mas
and Johanna Neadllng. a native of Bavaria.
Germany, aged €2 year* and 3 month*.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission *treet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O
O. F. Cemetery.
DENISZEWISJ>-In this city. December 22.
IS9O. Ivan Donlsxewlsz. a native of Run!*,
aged 45 year*.
C7Frlend* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at I'i:3o o'clock, from the r»rtom
of the California Undertaking Company. 4113
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hilt Cemetery.
ERICKSON— In this city. December 23. 1W».
Alexander, beloved husband of Emlll* Ertck-
son. a native of Sweden, aged C year*.
(E7The funeral will take place thl* day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence 921 Washington street. Interment pri-
vate. Please? omit flower*.
EDDY— In this cttv. December 24. _». Maud
Lillian, dearly beloved daughter of Harrison
T. and May Eddy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 19 days.
FITZPATRICK-In this city. December U,
IW. Francis. beloved husband of Nora Fitz-
Patrick, an.l father of Mary. Frank and Mar-
gie Fitzpatrick. a native of Jersey City. N. J .
aged C 3 years 1 month and 23 days. (Newark
and New Haven paper* Dlease copy.)
E7Friend9 and acquaintance* ire respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thl* &*r
(Tuesday), at *30 o'clock, from hi* la' resi-
dence. 1232 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter*
Church, where a requiem high mas* will h-
celebrated for the ret>o*e of hi* soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Croas Cemetery.
FEHRENBACH-In thl* city, December rr
1599. Sofle. beloved wife of Albert Fehrenbach
sister of Mrs Marie Heinleln. and *lster-tn-
law of Mrs. Rosa Bltzenthaler. a native of
Germany, aged 47 years 7 months and 17 days
E7Frlrn«l» and acquaintance* ar» respect-
fully tnvlt.-<l to attend the funeral thl* day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission str-et. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laur*l
Hill Cemetery.
DENTHAL— this city. December *4
1R99. John, beloved husband of the tate Dora
Freudenthal. and father of Mrs. J. A Cas»v
Charles Freudenthal. Mrs. L Clarence and
Mrs. Henrietta Cohr*. a native of Germany
aired 72 year* 9 month* and 13 day*, »Chlca«u"
111., papers pleas* copy.)
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks. »;7 Mission street. Interment
Lnure! Hill Cemetery.
FORREST— In this city. December Sj H35
James, beloved husband of Mnry E. Forrest'
and father of Mm. J. J. McDermott nnd
Jam<-. M., George A.. William H.. Ethel M
Lester E. nnd Edward J. Forrest, a natfv'e
of County Derry. Ireland, aged 70 y»am -
months and 11 days. A member of Cali-
fornia Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. p., and tn»
Teamsters' and Draymen* Union. (Honor*
Cal.. ar.d Pennsylvania paper. pleas* copy.J
I T Friends and acquaintance* are respi^t.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Westmlnsw
Presbyterian Church, corner of Pa» «\TJ
Webster street*. Interment I. O. O. T. Gs)m*.
tery. ' *- TO >«-
HOLLAND-In this city. D**emb*r B. UM,Michael HcUaad. beloved brother of the lat« <
Mr*. Mac^le Ke-lleher. ar.d cou*!n of MUM
Annie Holland, a native of Berkeley, CaL,
ared S3 jears.
CTrnenil« and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invltt-d to attend the funeral this day
(Tue»rtayV at l:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors <»r Kciltnn Dn*., SI l^ddy Btnet. In-
termi r.t Holy Orons Cemetery.
Jl'MO/- In itedwoM C'.ty, December :4. lf9J.
Andrew Jumel. lather of Mrs. Lottl* 'Wll-
cox_ a nat.ve of l-'ranee. act-d 6u years and
SS flay*.
KNOW LHP— In EanJo*e. December tS IS3>.
Ftll'.man H.. beloved Uusl^and cf Lillian E.
Kr.»lM, and brother of l"Vu;nie and H. A.
ICaowlea. a native cf CAllfomla, ared 80
yciini 4 nsontlts and 15 days.
C3Trlend» and acquaintances are re»pect-
fuily inxited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the chapel
Xt C> tiren* Lawn CVmitcry on the arrival of
r'i>> rvm Jose train. Interment Cyrress Lawn
Omcterj-.
I.rjCNON- In C.1m.1. Ban Mateo County. John.
t>«-Jovoa tr»»tln.-r of Trank. Thomas, James
and Annie Lennon and ltev. Patrick Lennon '
«f niiker»fleld. a nattvo of County Armagh.
Ireland. uc«d SS year*.
CTYiendu and tcqua'.ntance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funt-ral to-morrow
■ ••inrKday). at f> o'clock, frcai the parlors
<f the Henry J. CaJLtrher T'ndertaklnK Com- j
:—-.y. 10 rifth ftnet. thence tn Pt. Ann's
ttiurch. C<,lma. Fan Mateo County, where a
rulenin requiem mai>s will be celebrated fcr
the repose of hla *oul, commenoine at 10
o'clock. Intfrn".(t;t Holy Crotis Cemeten'.
MfHtViH- la Oakland. l><*mber 15. 1P99.
Thiimn* McHufh. beloved brother of Mr*. W.
E. Glllln. a native nt Clirton, County Gal-
Ir»-l«r.d, ape.l a years. (Virginia City
l'»P<_r> I'Jeane Gacy.}
C7"D;f funeral will take place f>-morrow
■Wooneedart. *t i 0 o'clock, from the funeral
l'arl->r» nf Jimrj McManus. Seventh and Cas-
tro rtrf-ets. lr.tfr:nent St. Man's Cemetery,
''nkland.
H( 'ITHT-In this city, December T3, IS9?, Wll-
l'.am r., beloved mn of th» late John nnd
harnh XJ. Moffttt, and r.ejhew of Thoßja*
Doric, a native of j?an FVanclsco. arej
je.ir*
CTFV.ends and acquaintance* are rerpect-
fßUy Invited to nttend the funeral this day
JTueedayV at *:4.'. o'clnrk. from the parlors
<f J. C O'Connor A Oft.; 7C7 Mission frtrett.
Thence to «. Patrick* Church, whors a
polemn requiem hlph mru>s will be celebrated
f' r the reposa et h!» nut, commencing at 9
o'cloi-k. Interment Mount f*alvary Cemot*ry.
CCONXOR— in Oakland. December 2J IK-J
Farah I*.. N'loved wife of P J O'l'.ir.n r
ar.3 mother ot C. L.. \V. H .. T. 3. and Alice
.J. 0"Co:.nor. a native of Detroit, Mich., aped
U rear* 7 n-.rnths arid n dnyn. (Prtroit and
IVr.ver p.i:vr« rlea*e copy.)
OHARA-ln thl* city. December 25. !S?3.
i:.!*a»>eth. beloved wife of Edward O'Hara.
a r.a aether el Mm. C. J. Hob'num and VA-
vurd. John and Patr.uel A. «.»'Hara. a native
cf IV!fa*t. IreJand. a^ed c? years.
C7"FY:endn nnd acquaintances are renpect-
fttlljr Invited to attend the funeral to-raorrow
<".Vedres.lay>. at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
Otoe% .3?4 Ninth Ftreet. thence to the Church
<•'. the Adver.t. I^l^venth ftrret. neju- Market.
ißtamcat Laurel Hill Cem<lerj-.
OGAHA-ln Yountxille. Napa CVunty Cal
I •.•r^-rr.ber t5. 153?. Marcuret. beloved wife of
V:. hnel O*Gara. and mother i.f John. Jame*
■~:.\ ivrr.lr.ick OGara, a native of Swlncford.
<".::::) Maj o. Irtlaad, a^t-d U year* € months
:.:.*. :i days.
CTlntemipnt St. Murj^s Ometer>-. Oak-
'.ai.a on arrival of Nara train at Slxteenth-
■treet etAtlcn. 5:45 a. m.. to-mcrrow (Wednes-
<;■ MliE— In this city. December r>. 1!!?9. Cath-
<r:ne, beloved wife cf the late John Quaile.
*!rter-ln-law cf Kate Quaile and aunt of
yichael Kay and Mrs. Thomas liradv. a na-
• » f County C»van, Ireland, aced tj years.
C^Krlends and. acquaintances are renpect-
I :m-lted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(We,»nesdav». at ». Sj o'clock, frura her late
>'..lence. SIC 4 Twenty-fourth street, thenc*
t Bt. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
v,;::eTr. mjics wl'.l be celebrated for the repose
. f her *oul. cotnmenclnf at > o'clock, lnter-
raent Holy Cnm Cemetery.
X' I 'l 'lNG— ln Warm Sprtn^i. December 14.
1S». Mrs. .Sophie, bel.-ned wife cf John Red-
r.nir, and mother of Mary. Th->n-.aa. John and
Ibe lute Ellen Reddln*. a native of County
l'one»:al. Ireland. a*ed tS j-ears 7 nionths
aad 10 days.
CrTTrlends and acquaintance* ere respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), ot «S? o'clock, from fcer late
ree'.Srnce, Warm Fprlnr*. thenc* to Et. Jo-
n.;Vi Church. - Ml«>-it:n San !<«<•.— Xs^crß-.fr.t
Mi*doa Sr^i Jo»e.
Fl'I.K-In Oakland. Deceniber T4. IS??. FVance*
Pule, beiuved nrter cf Mr*. Annie. N'leto.
ar..5 *ur.t rf FreOSSule and Wlllianj. Sophie
jir.l Lucy NTltto. a r.ativ© cf Mexico, aced 45
rejiro.
C3Trtendi and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the funerU this day
(fTueßdAr). at I:S3 o'clock, from her late re!-l-
rtenre. :r:2 Qctataeatta street. Interment St.
v.nrv* Ofemeterr. Oakland.
SMITH-In thin city. I>«cember :*. IS?9. David
p.v»,r» Pmlth. beloved father of May S.-aith
*-^iZ °i ■*■»*•««»•. I*. <^ a*-ed 44 vrars!
CXl : Vlen'is and acquaintances are rcf;>ect-
f-::*V lr.\-".ted V> atte^l the fun* ra | to-morrow
jWednerday). at 2 o'clock, from the MasonJo
v>m,sv!e, corner of Montrcmery and Poet
rtreeta. Interment Ma*anlc Ometerj'.
WZPHMANN-In this city, December » 1S?«
V»T. beloved wife cf the late Judre n a"
V U^rr.ar.n. a native of Hmj -lulu. Hawaiian
Ir!»nrt«. »r>^ 0* y»;ir« ? m .t.thi» and 1 day.
IitNRV J. GALLAGHUK CO.,
fFucceaaor* tf< n»nna»an & Gall«rh«->
FVNEJtAL, XJIUECTOUS AND EMBALMCUa,
Ik i^th tt.. <;;•:-.- L nealn assail.
Telephcns ScuJti U.
U. F. Deihlefsca. Chas. H. Jaoob. I
CM AS. It. JACOB & CO.. |
runeraj Director* aad Embalmers. til I
Maaco street, between Geary and Tax- I
•- *treetH. Teiephone, Miln 1211. |
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
0 Ofn»r. CMearo Mm Murphy. x " T
TV WaUacw Jr. Helena. S R Paul CT.lcajo
T Richards. Ofcia A W Kline Jr. :< V
Mrs T Klch*x<!«. Ohio A Wykea. X V
It K!nt. Michigan Mrs H Mayer. Bit Lake
II M Larl»ben«r.Ala- .lark Rueb. X T
BMfla fringe Kaw&zanakott.
•T* C Hunter. Chicago | Honolulu
O A Wiv«j. Ch'xaco 5 Parker. Honolulu
O L Bt'ward. Stanford 0 D G<«ar. Honolulu
n- p. Hailo. \V«»h.I)C H L Cray JeJTprson Cy
M C Mc<#reevr. Miila 3 F Hattrm. 3 Rafael
J O Wlnat:s. Chicago Mrs Hattcn. B Ua/ael
H M Ar.thonv. DalUnre F F Coml«. SedalU.
JPchwun, NT P X Mua>hr. N' V
OIU.VD HOTEL.
TV H Monison. OaJdad ]L W Cohen, Pultun.
tl nnrphero, Preiaa Mrs n Cohen, Sulsun
T Haafun, Sacto C M XVwdell, Btar.ford
G W War*. Han Jam* 1 11 T Fp^rry MarjurtUe
C H Etublm. Ban Jose |W PtJlard ChScaco
C M Hoover. Pi C'»ta [C M Eaale. n C
II H T>awm>n. Chtna«o' H Muller Qulnry
X H l*la.te, San Jowi j ,t>r Tl It Ward U 3 N
Wit E J Flint. Facto • F E Kanficr» & \r. Or'
H I^annenhaum. Cal Mrs T Wheelw. fitcktn
O Oretr. Oakland O Ccchran. Krrkeley
fl WcrdenlnTp M niejro! H DicK Oijcae<>
0 J Rcjrlea, % all^Jo C It Tirou^fcton, Cai
O John»on. U S N Dr Rullson, Il»-no
I* Era-idt. Pinole jH L <«ray. Mlrsourl
W ACarr.w-ood. l^nole ij I> IWtwlck. Cal
O P Craily. Vall*J« L Lipi man. IJerk-ley
J W V»>«son. «.-iil T» n Kilkenny. Vacavll
R Mi:i«. HanfotiS H C Ftr.vall & w. Cal
II T ri"«<:rlcki!. Cal 'i> H P Phett* & v. Cal
XV D Jones. Portland I A Hhrman, Orovllle
TV P Dlek«on. Portlanil H 8 Truppel. Cornlns;
W O Am»aen, Red^ln^jH n Omyett. Palermo
O G McNamara. Oai CM HlxfoM. Boston
Mrs R ndccrly. Cal O O Hart. Earto
A J CoKt'llo. Vallcji ;O <J» Lvne. Sacto
r Trv*k'.w. Cr.prk^tt W rvrW. Ptar.fcrd
A J Wilirjn. Portland Ij R Jones. VacavlMs
M E L>«Jly. Ban Joe- 111 X Owens. San Jom
C 8 MeNaurfct. P Alto I
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
TV. R. Ht'.le of "Washington, D. C. Is at
th* Palace
Dr. H It. Ward. U. 8. N., Is registered
at th* Grand.
Captain William Dollard of Chics Is
a c-; t at the Grand.
G. O. Mc.Vatnara, a mlnlncr mnn of Flor
«nc«, Arit.. in a late arrlv.'d at the Grand.
Dr. O. D. Pran, a prominent physician
of Lovelock.. »v.. Is atajini? at tho Lick.
S. A. I). . I'ulld. an Insurance man of
Portland. Or.. Is a jruest at the California.
V. W. Ravcnscroft, editor of the Peta
:.:•.. Courier, la a Into arrival at the
Rum.
H. S. Row* and George Smith, mining
.mfn. rr^p«ctlv<.ly of San Antonio. Tex.,
and Scott Valley, Sisklyou County, are
located at the Iluss.
Joseph R. llylinl. the Ran Jose banker,
funw up ytwterday with his family to
tjirnd the Christmas holidays, and regis
tered at the Occidental.
Mr*. M. C. BelUiman.^vho Is at the Call
fnrnla, orrlved from N«.«r Tork yesterday
to Join her husband, who Is tho Wertern
representative of a larpo Eastern concern.
Knic Ellskr. who ortginated th« role of
Ilnzfl Klrlie. and her husband. Frank
AVcston. of PUti« us Green fame In the
*jld-tlme l>lay of that name, are her© as
members of "The Christian" company,
and have engaged apartments at the Oc
cidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— 5. E. Echols of
Ean Franclfco and Hruce Cartrlght of
Honolulu ore at the WaMorf-ABtorla. L.
I~ Moi>* of fianta Clurn is at the St.
L>cnle. W. O. Bctrdelee of San Francisco
Is tt the i -::.;.: re
STORY OF
THE GAME
Continued from Third Page.
day's game, paid: "Berkeley played a
better came than I expected. Its chief
fault was In fumbling. The field made a
great deal of difference In the Indians'
play. Owing to the- softness of the field
they were unablo to get off with a Jump.
which Is their strongest point. Berkeley
played an aggressive Rama. I would say
they compare with West Point .is a team.
There was very little off-side playing in
the game. The reason I did not penalize
the Indians In the nrst half, when one of
the men got off-side, was because a
I'erkeley player was also .it fault. I might
add that it Is not the custom In the- East
to penalize an even if one of Its men
Is off-Fide, co long as he doe* DOt par
ticipate In the play."
\N EXPERT
ON __THE GAME
The Match of Yesterday a
Great Comparative
Basis.
BY J. F. SHEEMAN JR.
That all the first-class football In Amer
ica 13 not played East of the Rockies the
University of California eleven of '99
demonstrated yesterday beyond question.
The team of the blue and sold surprised
Itself, surprised th© football public and.
lastly, surprised the great eleven from the
Carlisle school. And, further, when East
ern experts appreciate the fact that all
things were practically equal relative to
extraneous elements that affect a team's
play, perhaps. If anything, favorable to
the visitors, an eye will be cast westward
and the elevens of California found to pos
sess much comparative merit with the
'vHrsitirs at H.nvi.r.f V*l« nmi Ppln^ntnn
California did not realize its nearness
to equality with Eastern form, all things
being considered. Before the came. It is
iho opinion of many who had "soundd"
the Berkeley team thut a 12 to 0 score
against them loomed up Uko a victory.
■ Thus there web lacking the spirit that
normal confidence engenders, and thus a
certain after-season desultory manner of
practice ensued, even under the sharp
goading of Cochran and Kelly, which
caused a decided setback In Berkeley
from the Thanksgiving form. In short,
■ a stronger team physically and a faster
team In point of execution of plays has
represented California In the two seasons
Just past. 1 make this opening statement
{ in all fairness to our State team and as a
sort o{ defense in her behalf against many
rumors of arguments of a technical na
ture whercfrom the conclusion is reached
that Carllslo'6 scoring proves It was mili-
I tated against by the difference in the size
of ball used yesterday from that used on
Eastern fields, by a certain slow condition
of the field and by other new conditions,
and added to which It Is stated that lack
of actual team practice since Thanksgiv
ing day has Badly interfered with the
Indian offensive machinery. Poised against
each other the two theories of argument
ihave. only a sort of technical force, all of
which sinks Into insignificance when the
broad fact stands out that while Carlisle
certainly demonstrated her superior foct
ball üblllty In general force, aggressive
and defensive, and In finesse of execution
and of Individual prowess, yet ttie two
elevens fought each other to a bitter
standstill in the grandest football match
ever seen in the west, wherein victory is
carried back over the mountains to the
Eastern States by a meager fluke— a
mfety score. And It will bo uccompanied
by an inwardnes of feeling among the
Carlisle boys which will reflect itself to
j California's credit that our great college
game, through the teaching of Cochran
and Kelly for Berkeley and Camp and his
disciples for Palo Alto, has wonderful
comparative possibilities on the Pacilic
Elope.
For fierceness and, yes. fairners of play
the game had no equal In our coast loot
ball annals. It Ss the spirit of this splen
didly trained Indian to enjoy a certain
reckless desperation in attack a;, ue
fense. California caught the fever and
principally In guarding her often closely
Übwuated goal lu-id her round for downs
In a manner that inspired, the cheers of
1 her followers. All credit and praise to
the stout work of Smith. Hall and Ellis
In backing up theJr lino and forcing ihe
] downs at critical times against such pow
erful plunging &3 the peerless -iletoxen,
displayed.
Offensively In point of the overwhelm
ing number of yards gained Carlisle crrel
ly demonstrated her superiority and the
very patent Eastern superiority over our
Western gamo. This difference Is em
braced in the single phrase "Every ma:i In
every play," a maxim the Indians follow
to the letter. Tun* and again a back
made his distance alone to be caught by
& comrade who whirled into the play from
Dehlr.d or the Eldo and forced him on for
another yard or so. In short the other
ten raerwhen the play is on, whether- it
be an Intricate close formation or a sin
gle straight buck of a half back, follow
up the attack and try to do something.
Again tho Indian offense was far m re
varied than that of California, whose
backs alone bore the brunt of advancing
the ball. Aside from Metdxen's desper
ate dashes, the good consistent «round
gaining forte of the Indians and Miller's
and Heneca's whirls around tackle for
short distances. Ked Water. Pierce and
Wheelock in the lino added many yards
when the pipskln was tossed them. A
turtle back play, two "four men back"
modes of attack and the effective doulilo
e!do formation rather infrequently used
until the last, also came in from their
repertoire. This is decidedly up to Jate
In methods of offense and the Berkefey
eleven found the versatility of attack dif
ficult to meet. However, It must not be
understood that California's coaches are
lacking In ability to evolve a dlversllied
fceiitj* of plays.
It Is simply a fact which even In tho
face of Berkeley's great team play devel
opment, the acme In that regard In tho his
tory of the California game, that unfortu
nately, unlike Stanford's great eleven of
I&S*7, tho scoring force lies in the strength
i of a quartet. Perhaps aside from Califor
nia's obvious lack of Thanksgiving day
ginger this simplicity of attack, for the
poorly executed open trick plays wero of
no avail, was a cause of the absence of
expected scoring power. In all California
gained only fomc seventy yards on
straight plunging, against two hundred
and thirty odd by the Indians, the bulk
of which gains by tho latter team com
ing in a magnificent spurt at tho ond of
each half, the last fairly stampeding tho
California players In the desperation of
tho attacks when the red men realized
that only a minute or so remained to
cross the goal line. Hudson's Injury com
ing. If the expression may be used, fortu
nately for the spectators, late In the game,
after tho famous little quarter, by his
wonderful interfering and back-field
tackling, had Justified his reputaMon,
robbed Carlisle of a chance for a eensa
tlonal try at goal as the gam© was clos
ing. Along tho line Red Wator especially
and his two center mates outclassed the
rather phlegmatic California trio.
Whrelock and Plerco. both strong in ad
vancing th»» ball, were respectively given
a battle royal by the new man, day. and
by Pringlo. whose open field work was
heady and brilliant In the extreme. Worn
ble. played his usual fine gamo. Masters
proved a pleasant surprise, while both
Carlisle ends were certainly marvels of
rpeed nnd ■ •.<■><» of tackling;, besides
demonstrating an Eastern cleverness of
end team work new to the. California
gridiron. '•
Orrat was California* stand, but great
also was tho ray of Carlisle In the many
departments of our college me, and les
sons of possibilities of Improvement wore
certainly presented to every Berkeley and
Stanford football man In attendance. As
a generality covering it all. the fact that
every Indian In every moment of active
play In tho gamo found something with
which to occupy his mind and his physi
cal ability stands out. We now notice.
confronts! by Carlisle cleverness, that
thero are still rough edges on California
football. Perchance our players may be
termed diamonds in th»» rough, for as
such, applied as a football tlgure, they
ore. Yesterday's game of a 2-0 score is
sufficient incentive to the athletic men of
the West to strive to polish off that
roughness.
Mr. Goodwin referred the match in
his usual Impartial and experienced man
ner. Mr. Dlbblee of Harvard, the umpire.
was criticized for not perceiving seven!
open off-side offenses. The criticism was
unjust. The Eastern ruling. ari one of
common sense, docs not notice a player
off-sldo within the meaning: of thfi rule
TIIE SAN FKANCfSCO CALL., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1899.
when from over-eagerness he has slipped
into his opponents' territory and yet does
not In the least interfere in the play, a
case which commonly happens. The coast
game would be in good !u^k were there
nvre umpire* of Mr. Dibblee's caliber
who might be obtained to officiate at all
important matches.
mention of Dibblee, the star All-
American halfback of the Harvard eleven
of '91 ami coach of this yoar"s team, brings
to mind the Harvard-Carlisle game of this
eeason, played on October 28. which I had
>a«ure of witnessing. Tho final
of that match resulted in 22 points
ta Cambridge boys against 10 for
Carlisle. Different surroundings often
times deceive the Judgment. He that as
It may, however. It is my opinion that the
Indian eleven offered no stronger Kamo
nrulnst the conceded American cham
pions of I V 9S— nnd the team that pairs
with Princeton this year— on that day
than California met In the match of yes
terday. Eleven of Harvard's 22 points, to
begin with, were unearned, being
through the* poor Judgment of little Hud
■.. ho was rr.'-ntoily Incapacitated by
a fv-ri' blnw on the head, in catching
two punts near the Indian line, both of
which would have rolled over the Ui foe
a touchbuck. Thus Harvard, like Prince
ton, enured le*rltJmately only two scores,
mi'.ii alive showing.
fornla's <.f. •::.-•• yesterday certainly fell
below standard. And observing the sltu
: • point of unlink
tiv. Irriian so'ires af:.ii:.;»t the CambrMK«
tnst the lonely safety of our
■ m match speaks preatly for tho
:• fending ability of the team of the
blue and gold— and over all for the W t l
em game.
TEAMS ATTEND THEATER.
of the football teams attended the
rnia Theater last night, but made
no DOIM whatever. The university boys
mely subdued and the Indians
ently found no opportunity I
pa Into the play. Tho au
and the actors did not ap;
know of the presence uf the celebrities,
for the first dJa no shoutlns and tho latter
failed to Insert in their lines the slightest
allusion to the gridiron giants and their
game.
PRINGLE ELECTED CAPTAIN.
Bic Tackle of California New Chief
for Team of 1900.
At a meeting of the University of Call
! ferula team last night after the game
Charle3 Pringlo. right tackle of the team,
was elected captain for the year 1900.
There was no opposition and but a very
few minutes were necessary to select the
man for tho place.
Last year Whlpple, also a tackle, was
made captain, and with these two excep
tions it is a matter of many years since
a linesman has been selected to serve as
chieftain of the team. Whipple is a foot
ball man of experience, having played his
position on both the winning California
elevens. By many he is rated as the best
I tackle on the coast. According to Coch
ran'a judgment, Pringle would secure ■
position on any one of the big Eastern
varsity elevens If he would leave Cali
fornia for the East. The newly elected
captain is a Junior at the university, a
nu-mber of one of the leading fraternities
and a very popular student.
The California football team also re
ceived their souvenirs from the manage
ment, every player being presented with a
small gold football with the word "cham
pion" stamped upon it In blue enamel.
All-Chicagt) Eleven Defeated.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 25.— The famous All-
Chicago Association football aggregation
had its measure taken by tho Cycling
Club team Of St. Louis at Athletic Park
to-day. After tleing the crack west ends
©f— this city the All-Ciii^acos were conn
dent of their ability, to win from the
wheelmen, but Captain Dick Jam men
turned the tables on them completely.
Thw visitors were favored by the wind
during the lirst half and managed to scoro
two Koais to the Cycling Club's ono. In
the second half, however, the wheelmen
played all around tho visitors, scoring
three goals to their one. which made the
llnal scoro i to 3 in favor of the St. Louis
team. •
Salinas Team Wins.
fai.inas : B.— One of the best
of fi">ibaii ever played in this city
this afternoon at a-
I irk L'y a lartre co;icour;-<.' of people.
. S< hool teai i
.1 to 0.
•\idpnts have played twelve games
n, l.iiving been defeated only
.lay thoy issued a challenge to
' ti\i school tt-jun in the State and
Ban Josmj liit,'h School on New
Years day.
Shasta Boys Defeated.
: DING, Dec 15— The Shastii County
Hi^-h Si hool football team BMt defeat to
day at the hands of the Chlco Normal
Srhool playen. Ther score was 12 to 0.
b w;l3 under lntorcollegi
at Hecroatlon Park
by the luri;<.-st crowd
s ever congrt-Kated there. It
the lir.-i mutch ganio of the local
Football at Marysville.
ICARYBVILX.E, Dec 25.— The Christmas
day football game played on tho local dia
mond between teams of the Orovllle and
the MarysvUle high schools resulted In a
victory for tho Marysvillo boys, the score
btlnj? I to 0. Dt-splte the cold weather,
the coldest Celt here In years, a good sized
crowd was In attendance.
Wntsonville Eleven the Victors.
SANTA CRUZ, Doc 25.— The football
paxne to-day between AVatsonvllle and
Banta Cruz was won by Watsonvllle by a
score of 10 to 0.
Freed by the President.
BALTIMORE. Dec. 25 —John Hoxhall,
who was b-enfneed about eljrht monih*
•f t \ States Dlbtrlct Court
to ten years' lmprißonment In tho rity
Jail for a violation of ihe postal laws, haa
Bed from jiUl, his sor.tem
liiK be<-n commuted by President McKJn
.! tall waa v medical Btudent at
: , hfire nt the tlmo of,
his arrest.
Weather Report.
OlCth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. December 2:— 5
Th« following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of tame date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This lost
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 25. 25 10.02
Ked Bluff 00 9.75 3. 53
Sacramento 00 8.99 8.81
San Francisco 00 9.67 8.99
Fresno 00 4.41 I.M
Independence 00 1.66 0.61
Ban Luis Obttpo 00 9.30 I.M
Los Angeles 00 8.34 0.30
San Diego .00 1.84 1.03
Yuma 00 O.M 1.12
Bun Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
Cl; minimum. £8; mean, 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. •
Th« weather la generally cloudy and toggy
over the Pacific slope, except along the Call
fornia coa*t. where clear weather prevails.
Dens* fos Is reported from the lower portions
of the Sacramento and San Jo&quln valleys.
Light showers are reported from the Washing
ton coast.
The pressure haa fallen In all districts. An
area or low preisure overlies the Upper Missouri
Valley, while the plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions are covered by an area of high pressure.
Tho temperature has risen In the Upper Sao
rami nto Valley and remained Dearly stationary
elsewhere.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather, ex
cept fog in the valleys of California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December I«. 1899:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
forsy In the lower portions of the Sacramento
and San Joaquln valleys; light variably winds.
Southern California— Tuesday; light vari
able winds.
Generally cloudy Tuesday; warmer.
Utah— Generally cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Portly cloudy Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
wanner; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
:.'.-. v- .- Local Forecast Official.
Steamer Movements.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of HtKh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-fly© minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places..
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 26.
Sun rises - 7:23
Sun Bets i'&l
Moon rises 1:18 a. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence an to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. tho third time column th« third tide
and the last or right hand column civea the
last tMe of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given arc In addition tr> the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts", except
when a minus filpn (—) precedes the hetsht,
and then the number clven Is subtracted from
the depth given by tba charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th» lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
♦— •■
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 23.
Ptmr Bcotla, Jacobs. 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr South Coast. Mien, 2.' hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Aloha, Jorrenson. 85 hours from. Cres
cent City.
Nor btmr Tellus, Pederson. 92 hours from
Departure Bay.
BAILED.
Monday, December 25.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Brag?.
RETURXED.
Monday, December S3.
Br itmr 'Westminster, Petrle. on account of
machinery h-- ■- disabled.— Stetunrr salltfd from
San FranclßCo I>eo 24 at 10:40 a m and anchor
ed off the lightship at 12 p m and returned to
port Dec 25.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Dec Hi 10 p Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORT&
ASTORlA— Arrived Deo CS— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Deo 22.
Sailed Dec — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
deco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Deo 25— Bhlp Spartan, ho
Dec 10.
TACOMA— Arrived Deo 25— Schr F 8 Red
field, from San Pedro.
[TUB— Arr'.vcd Dec 25 — Stmr Jeanin. he
Dec 20; stmrs Mackinaw and i:Uhu Thomson,
hence Deo 2L
PORT TOWNSEXD— SaiIed Deo 14— 6chr
King Citus, for Port Plrle.
Arrived Deo 15— Br ship Lamoma. from San
Dleco for Tacoma.
PORT RLAKELEY— SaiIed Dec 2 J— Baric Fer
ris S Thompson, for San Francisco.
h:i:ni:Mß— Deo ti— Schr Peerless.
from Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec Stmr San Pedro,
hence Dm 24; stmr Pasadena, from Ventura;
echx Occidental, hence Dec 17.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Deo 25— Stmr Hibeml&n.
for Boston.
PORTLANT3, Arrived Deo 26— Stmr Cam
broman. for Liverpool.
— — — — ~~ "" ~"~ "^ "* "~^^"^s
BOND ELECTIONS.
OESIGKATIOH DF SPECIAL ELECIIOI PRECIICTS
LOCATION Df POLLiiG PLACES
FOH TUT
SPECIAL ELECTIONS.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1899,
PARK BOND ELECTION,
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1899,
SEWER SYSTEM, CITY AND COUNTY
HOSPITAL AND SCHOOL HOUSES
BOND ELECTION.
Polls open at 6 o'clock a. m., close
at 5 o'clock p. m.
J. STEPPACHEB,
Registrar of Voters.
tSTTI AJ3SEIfBLY DISTRICT.
No. 1. General election precincts Noa, 1, 3
and 3 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 1
PoUinc pUo*. »Vont of No. IU Main
No. 'I C-neral election precloct* .N'.m. \ and
12 constltut* Special Qoctloo 1"p« in.t .\
Polling place. N.E. corner Ease* and liarii-
BOn kt:
No, 3. General election precinct* No*. 6 I
and 14 constltuta Special Election Precinct
No. S.
Polling plac*. Front of No. 210 Second street.
No. 4. General election precincts Nob. 7 6
and 12 constitute Special Election l'reclnct No
4.
Polling place. Front of No. 180 N»w Mont-
gomery street.
No. 6. General election precinct* Nos. S. 10
and 11 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 6.
Polllnr place. Front of No. S3 New Mont-
gomery *treet.
No. «. General election precinct* No*. 15 and
It constitute Speclul Election Precinct No, 6
Polling place. Front of No. C4O Folsom street.
iSmi ASSKMULT DISTRICT.
No, T. General election precincts No*. 1. 8
and 4 constitute Special Blactioo Precinct Xj 7
l'ulllng place. Front of No. SC3 Mission it
No. 8. General election precincts No*, 2. I
and 6 constitute Special Elactlon l'reclnct
No. S.
Polling place. Front of No. 761 Mlsalon street
No. 9. General Election precimts Nos. 7 and
8 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 9.
Pulling place. Front of No 7M Howard street
No. 10. General election j • ■> 9, 11
and 13 constitute Special Election Precini t No
10.
Polling place. No. 309 Fifth street.
No. 11. General election precincts Nos 10, 11
and 14 constitute Special Election Precinct No
11.
Polling place. Front of No. 7M Harrison
street.
No. IX General election precincts Nos. 15 it
and 17 oonstltuto Special Election Precinct No
12.
Polling plaoe. Front of No. 771 Harrison
street.
' 80TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 13. Oenerai election precincts No«. 1. 4
and 6 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
13. ■•.'--
Polling place. N.W. corner Mint avenue and
Mission street.
No. 14. General election Precincts Noa. 2, 8
and 6 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
14.
Polling place. Front of No. 143 Seventh street.
No. 15. General election precincts Htm, 7 and
9 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 16.
Polling place. No. 958 Howard ntr«»et.
No. H. General . election precincts Nos. 8.
10 and 14 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 16. "
I'.illlnr place. Front of No. 203 Seventh
*tr*>«t.
No. 17. General election precincts Nos. 11,
12 and 13 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 17.
Polling plac«. Front of No. 823 Harrison
street.
MET ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 18. General election precincts Nos. 1. I
and 3 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
18.
Polling place. Front of No. 39 Eighth street.
N.O. 19. General election precincts Kpa. i. 6j6 j
BOND ELECTIONS. '.
and I constitute Special Election Precinct No.
19.
Polling place. Opposite No. 142 Eighth street.
No. 20. General election precincts Nos. 6. 7
and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
"0.
Polling place. Front of No. 207 Tenth street.
No. 21. General election precincts Nos. 10. 11
and IS constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling place. Front of No. 223 Eighth street.
No. 22. General election precincts Noa. 12 and
14 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 23.
Polling place. Front of No. 1103 Harrison
street.
No. 23. General election precincts Not. 15 and
16 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 23.
Polling place. Front of No. 343 Tenth etreet.
82nd ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 24. General election precincts Nos. 1. 2 and
8 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 24.
Polling place. Front of No. Sfc« Brannaa
street.
No. 25. General election precincts Nos. 4. 6 and
6 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 25.
Polling place. Front of No. Wo Brannaa
street.
No. 26. General election precincts Nos. 7. 8 and
9 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 26.
Polling place. N. W. corner Boardman and
Brannan streets.
No. 27. General election precincts Nos. 10 and
11 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 27.
Polling i)!ace. Opposite No. 606 Ninth street.
No. 28. General election fcreclncts Nos. 12 and
13 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 28.
Polling place. N. B. corner Eighteenth and
lowa streets.
S3rd ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 29. General election precincts Nob. 1, 1 and
6 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 29.
Polling place. Front of No. 3006 Twenty-sec-
ond street.
No. 30 General election predncte Nos. S. 4 and
& consUtute SDeclal Election Precinct No. 30.
Polling place. No. 3064 Twenty-fourth street.
No. 31. General election precincts Nos. 7. I and
9 constitute special Election Precinct No. 11.
Polling place. 8. E. corner Twenty-fourth
street and San Bruno avenue.
No. 82. General election precincts No«. 10, 11
and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
83.
Polling place. N. W. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets.
No. 83. General election precinct* Nob. 13,
14 and 15 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 33.
Polling place. No. 12C3 Railroad avenue.
84TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 84. General election precincts Noa. 2. S
and 5 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
34.
Polling place. No. 1547 Mission street.
No. 85. General election precincts No*. 4 (
and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
25.
Polling place. Front of No. 223 Valencia
street.
No. 28. General election precincts No*, i, 7
and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
36.
Polling place. NE. corner Fifteenth and How-
ard streets.
No. 37. General election precinct* No*. 1L 12
and IS constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling place. No. 506 Valencia street.
No. 3!>. General election precincts Nob. 10 14
and 15 constitute Special Eelectlon Precinct No.
M.
Polling place. No. 3093 Sixteenth street.
No. 39. General election precincts Nob. 13. 16
and 17 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
29.
Polling place. NW. corner Nlnteenth and
Capp streets.
No. 40. General election precincts Nos. 18, 20
and 21 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
4i>.
Polling place. No. 849 Valencia street.
85TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 41. General election precincts Nob. 1. 2
and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling place. SE. corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets.
No. 42. General election precincts Not. 4, 5
and 6 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling place. No. 27364 Mission street.
No. 43. General election precincts Nos. 7, 8
and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
4:.
Polling place. Opposite No. 3376 Twenty-fifth
street. s —
No. 44. General election precincts Nob. 10. 11
and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
44.
Polling place. No. 3157 Mission street.
1 No. 4: General election precincts Nos. 13 and
14 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 45.
Poll:: place. No. C(i2a Mission street.
NTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 46. General election precinct No*. 2, 8
and I constitute Special Election Precinct No.
46.
Polling place. Front of No. 250S Market street.
No. 47. General election precincts Nos. 4. 6
and 7 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
47.
Polling place. No. 835 Noe str««t.
No. 4S. General election precincts No*. 9,
10 and 11 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 48.
Polling place. Front of No. 8912 Twenty-
fourth street.
No. 49. General election precincts No*. 8.
12 and 13 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 49.
Polling place. N. W. corner Diamond and
Elizabeth streets.
No. 50. General election precinct* Nos. 15.
16 and 19 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 10.
Polling place. B. E. corner Dolores and
Duncan streets.
No. 51. General election precincts Noa. 14
ar.il 20 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 61.
Polling place. 6. W. corner Noe and Twenty-
fifth streets.
No. Ui General election precincts No*. 1, 17
and IS constitute Special Election Precinct No.
E2.
Polling place. S. W. corner Frederick and
Ai-hbury street*.
No. 53. General election precinct* No*. 21
and 22 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 53.
Polling place. No. 4520 Mission street.
27TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 64. General election precincts Nog.
1. 2 and 5 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 54.
Polling place. Front of No. 418 Octavla,
street.
No. 55. General election precincts No«. 8.
4 and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 55.
Polling place. S. E. corner Gough street
and Lily avenue.
No. EG. General election precincts No*. 6,
7 and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 56.
Polling place. 8. W. corner Buchanan and
Hayes streets.
No. 67. General election precincts No*, 9,
10 and 11 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 67.
Polling place. 8. W. corner Webster and
Germanla avenue.
No. OS General election precincts No*. 14,
15 and IS constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 6?.
Polling place. Front of No. 115 Bcott street.
No 69. General election precincts No*. 18.
16 and 19 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. .'.9. •
Polling place. No. 411 Baker street.
NO W. General election precinct* Nob. 17,
20 and 21 constitute Special Election Precinct
No 60.
Polling place. W. side Stanyan. between Wal-
ler and Beulah streets.
88TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 11. General election precincts No«, t,
5 and 4 constitute Special Election Preo.nct
No. 61.
Polling place. Front of No. 612 Franklin
No " 62. General election precincts Noe. 1.
6 and 7 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 62.
Polling place. S. E. corner Laguna and
Willow avenue.
No. 63. General election precinct* No*. 6.
8 and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 63.
Polling place. Corner Webster street and
Laurel avenue.
No. 64. General election precinct* Nos. 10.
11 and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. • 64.
Polling place. Front of No. 901 Webster
street.
No ' 65. General election precincts No*. 13.
14 nnd 15 constitute Special Election Precinct
No ("-:..
Polling plft<*». Front of No. 1205 Pierce street.
No. 66. General election precincts Nos. 18.
17 and 18 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. C«.
Polllne place. Front of No. 611 Lyon street.
" S3TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 67. nernl election precincts No*. 1, I
and t constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 67.
Polling place. Opposite No. 187 Larkln street.
No. M. General election precincts No*. 4. 5
and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 6S.
* Polling place. Front of No. 102 Hyde street.
No. 63. General election precincts Nos. 6. 7
and 8 constitute Soeclal Election Precinct
No. C?.
Polllnc place. Front of No. 211 Hyde street.
No 70 General election precincts Nos. 10. 11
nnd 17 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 70.
Polling place. NE. corner Polk street and
Willow avenue.
No 71. Oeneral election precincts No«. 1?. 14
and IS constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 71.
■; Polling place. No. 687 Geary street.
No. 72. General election precincts No* 11, 18
and 20 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 72.
Pol fine place. Front of No. 120? Lark in
street.
No. 7S. General election precincts N?s. 18. 19
and 21 constitute Special Election Precinct
Polling place. Opposite No. 1334 Bush street.
40TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 74. General election precincts No*. L 2
and 5 constitute Special Election Precinct
Polling place. SW. corner Franklin and Pine
streets.
No. 75. General election precincts Nos. S. 4
and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 75.
Polling place. NE. corner Webster and Geary
streets.
N.O. it. General election precincts Neb. t, 7
BOND ELECTIONS.
and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 78. . .
Polllnr place. SB. corner Pine and Buchanan
streets.
No. 77. General election precincts Nos. 13. 11
and 14 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 77.
I'oiilnz place. Opposite No. 2488 Bush street.
No. 78. General election precincts No«. 12.
13 and IS constitute t-p^clal Election Precinct
No. 78.
Polling; place. N. W. corner Pine and Scott
streets.
No. 79. General election precincts* Noa. 18,
17 and 18 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 79.
Polling place. Front of No. 1410 Baker street.
No. to. General election precincts Noa. 19
and 20 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
SO.
Polling; place. Front of No. 1821 Point Lobe*
avenue.
41ST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 81. General election precincts Nos. 2. 8
and 6 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling: place. Front of No. 1834 Hyde street.
No. 82. General election precincts Nos. 1. 8
and 7 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
82.
Polling; place. Front of No. ic:i Jackson
street.
No. 83. General election precincts Nos. 8, 10
and 13 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
Polling place. N. E. corner Vallejo and
Franklin streets.
No. 84. General election precincts Nos. 4. 11
and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
84.
Polling place, 8. W. corner Filbert and Fill-
more streets.
No. 85. General election precincts Nos. 9, 14
and 15 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 85.
Polling place. Opposite No. 3306 Webster
street.
No. 84. Genoral election precincts Noa. 18 and
18 constitute Special Election Precinct No. St.
Polling place. N. W. corner Greenwich and
Scott streets.
No. 87. General election precincts Nos. 17 and
19 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 87.
Polling place. Front of No. SIM Clay street.
4JND ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 88. General election precincts NO5. 1. 3
and 8 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
89.
Polling place. Front of No. 123 Taylor street.
No. S3. General election precincts No*. 4. 6
and S constitute Special Election Precinct No.
£9.
Polling place !*ront of No. 817 Mason street.
No. 90. General election precincts No*. 7. 8
and 10 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
SO.
Polling place. Front of No. 910 Bush street.
No. 91. General election precincts Nos. 9,
13 and 14 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 91.
Polling plaoe. Front of No. 1024 Hyde street.
No. 93. General election precincts Nob. 11.
13 and IS constitute Special Election Precinct
No. *3.
Polling place. N.W. corner Pacific and Tay-
lor streets.
43RD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. S3. General election precincts Nos. 1. 3
and 4 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
H.
Polling place. Front of 218 Mason street.
No. 94. General election precincts Nos. 5, 7
and 10 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
84.
Polling place. Front of No. 623 Bush street.
No. 95. General election precincts Nos. 3. 8
and 13 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
95.
Polling place. Front of No. 713 Bush street.
No. 96. General election precincts Nos. 8 and
9 constitute Special Election Precinct No. 94.
Polling place. No. C2O Bush Street.
No. 97. General election precincts Nos. 11 13
and 14 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
97.
Polling place. Front of No. 1323 Stockton
street.
44TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 98. General election precincts Nos. 1. 3
and 4 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
88.
Polling place. Front of No. 613 Union street.
' No. 99. General election precincts Nos. 6. 7
and 9 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
■jj.
Polling place. Front of No. 200« Powell street.
No. 100. General election precincts Nos. 3, 11
and 12 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
100.
Polling place. Front of No. 6C3 Green, street.
No. 101. General election creclncts Nos. 8, 8
and IS constitute Special Election Precinct No.
101.
rolling place. Front of No. 414 Francisco
street.
No. 103. General election precincts Nos. 13.
14 and 15 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 102.
Polling place. S.W. corner Greenwich and
Taylor streets.
45TH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
No. 103. General election precincts No*. 1. I
and 3 constitute Special Election Precinct No
102.
Polling place. S.W. corner Sutter and Mont-
gomery street
No. 104. General election Dreclncts Nos. 4, 5
and 6 constitute Special Election Precinct No.
104.
Polling place. No. 541 Washington street.
No. 105. General election precincts Nos. 7,
8 and 11 constitute Special Election Precinct
No. 105.
Polling place. Front of No. *0« Battery street.
No. 106. General election precincts Nos. 9, 10
and 13 constitute Special Election Precinct No. <
106.
Polling place. No. E22 Paclflo street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S^nta Fe Route.
Tha facteat train, runntnir or«r th« b«st raJl-
road, With th« hlfbeit olaas aocommodatlooa.
Connecting train leaves Ban Fraaclaeo at
6:00 p. m.
MOHDAT. WIDNMDAT. TttIDAT. BATDSDAT.
Arriving to Cnlcafo at till p. m.
faiDAY, SDIfDAT. TOI9DAT. WtDSE3DAT,
OVERLAND EXPRESS
|>*rr day In th« rear. Pullman Palace and
. Upholst«r«d Tourist Can leave C*klamJ MOI9
for DenTer, Kansas City. Chicago and the East
lie p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between ' Btocktoo, Tnaao, Han/onl, VTaalla,
Tulare and Bakerafleld. funviahea good loaal
train aerrlct.
Ban rranclaco offloe, 69 Markat at. te!ephon«
Main IML
Oakland nfftce. 1119 Broadway,
Sacramento ofOoc. 101 3 ■tr*«t.
Can Jo«e ofQc«. 7 IVest Santa Clara street.
NORTHERN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY
TWO TRAINS DAILY
via the
"Shasta-Northern Pacific Route."
Elegant Double Drawing-Room
Sleeping Cars, Superb Dining-Car Ser-
vice and Leather Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping Cars on every train.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul
eyerv Tuesday night. This car is
nicely upholstered in leather and has
all the comforts of a first-class Pullman.
Bear in mind it's the only through car
run between San Francisco and St.
Paul. -
Tickets on sale at lowest rates to
SPOKANE. BUTTE, CHICAGO,
ROSSLAND, WINNIPEG, NEW YORK
HELENA, £T. PAUL.
T. K. STATELER, Gen. Agt.,
". 638 Market Street, S. F.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— a. m. and I:4s p. m.
Sundays. 16:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Steam-htated. closed car on all tralna.
Fare.. baa Franclaco to Summit and Return,
1 no.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
£a of j^
HORSES.
By order of \VM ARMSTRONG of Las«»«n Co.
40 head of Well-Broke Horses. 5 and 6 years
old, just arrived, and can be seen at the Stables
now, uud tf desired will be shown to harness.
This Is the best lot that has been offered at
Auction this year. Horses suitable for all pur-
poses. Also four or five e!»cant Roadsters and
two fine saddle horses. In fact, any kl: : of a
horse you want.
SALE WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER XX.
At 11 a. rr... at
NELSON'S SALE FTAHLE3.
Cor. St. Charles St. and r. •*-:•• Aye.. \me.is,
J. A. ML'NRO .v CO., Auctioneers.
AT AUCTION!
£> fe» £*
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY DECEMBER I«. ISM
AT ORMONDE STABLE. 1517 MISSION ST.
Without doubt we hare 40 head of Largest.
Choicest and Best BROKE HOUSES ever of-
fered at public sale In thai city.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sorTiir.ni rtnrio cojirjajrr,
(rACiriO STS7KX.)
Trmlsts le*v« mi. l 1.1 . ,1,.. 1 • arrive »•
NAN »It «*< !«<<>.
(Mala Uae, Foot of Market Streak)
tMAxm — From DrcXMMB 13. 1333. — Axmrra
•7:00 a Hriilcti. HoUun. FJmlra. VsAVtOs.
Ramsey end Haeriiscnto. . . .7 *7i43r
•7:00* Shasta Eißreas-ItaTis. WlUows,
Red Bluff. Portland.. .... *7:43r
•7iß»a ilartlnex. Sin lUmon, Vallejo. Nap*,
... Caliatrra ami Sauta It *a *otl3r
*SiB4).t TheOrerlandUrcltcd— Ogden. Den*
Ter. Omaha, Chicago •3iia»
•••■•* San Jote. LlTeTTnorc, Htockton,
lone, Hscratneuto, Plaeerfllle,,
Marjs*t!K Cfcico. Ke.l Muff MilSr
•»•»» •Milton, Oakdalo ami Hoccra Mil&r
•O:OO» Howards. Mies ard Way -»t! t:s. •11:43*
•BiOOa DatU. Woodland. KnUhU Laatlia*
Mary»tllle. Orotiile. . *7:4n»
•0iOO» Atlaotto Kisses*— Oaden and East •9*l3*
•OiOOa Martinez, Tracy, I^throp, Stockton.
Mcrc-d and rrasa . •ltii.ip
•OiOO a Pert Costa, t-rcnuo. M. Jars and Los ■
Angeles. . •At4sp
i •10:0*4 VallrJ... Martina an-1 Way HUtfeo* *0:l3p
•I I:OOa Harvard*. at: I Way Station*. *»il3r
•12:00k Nilcs, LlTensore, Ktockton, Haeri-
SJeoto, MetwioU. Ilaaf ord, Visalla,
PcrtcrriUo MilSp
tli«l»r Sacramento Ulfer v-.'.-r* ..... t«i.oor
•3:OOr Hayrrards. Nlles and Wsy Bt»tlons. »a:!3r
•4tuur MartlneiL Han Ramon, V»ll«.Jo,
Napa. CalUtoga. Hants l!r<» ••■IS*
*4i»4>r HcnlcU VacaflUe. Wacrainanto,
Woodland. Kil>.ht4 1-aiiJlog.
Marynflll-, OroTll> •10:4.1*
Nlles, Han J.^oacd Stockton «7H3p
•SiOOrThe Owl I -Tracy. Fiesno.
rtikwslkilil. Haogos for aiai>ta> Itar- '
barm, Urn Acri-I*" *10M3a
«3<oor Bucks Mrritr.l-U Paso. sew Or-
leans and Last el o*43*
•3iaop Rtockton. Merced. Fnwoo *lUi!3r
•3<3«r *'»i mio, ISakerstlelil. HaiiU llaiUra,
Los Aogclaa, I).-mlug. El Puo,
Now(irleaLSand l^wt. *Si 43*
•9i3#r fianta Fa Route— Atlautlo Eipins
for I ■;».« -11.- . "Oil.Tf
•«l:oer }I^>rar<li. Nilca and 8u Jcse ': 4 t ,
tOiSOr Vallelo , , .•ISiISp
•Oi3Or Oriental Mail— and F^al .. ••»;■>•?
17»OOr Vallfjo. Perl and Way H\m-
UoDa £9i.*>4r
•SiOOpOregouaad CXllfomta i:i|>rpM>,Hac>
sbjmsjls. MariiTllle, lCp<Mln(.
Vi '• ■'. 1. fncft Houtnl »i .1 Taut **»13t
COAST HI vision (Narrow (test*).
(Foot otMarkot Street.)
L# SilOa Newark. Ci'»UnlUe.Han Jose.
ltoutilsr Creek, Crui aad Way
BlatloDS . . •3>ott>
12 1 1 Sir Newark CeuterTille, Han Jose, New
Aluiatlen. Feltoo, llouMer Creek.
Santa Cruz and I'iiucii al Way
(Stations fIOiSOA
««i!3r Newark. Hntn Joie, Los Ca»os. . •»j3Oa
(rlt:43r HH — :-— \ 1 -j- «--{
War Stall- -» {?■•«»■
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
msisis rKt.lCUCO— r««t «r IsrsH stmi <s:i? &) —
•710 goo noo». *. 11:« '^CD 13:23
•UO t5.C3 •e:COr.ii.
rr«»j('UU»9-ri)»l»f3r«Jw.T — '000 00 lOflflt.M.
n:.;3 'l::; t3:C3 «3::3 M::3 -i::* *.
COAST DIVISION (UrosiKiauge).
(Thlnl ntid Town*cti<l Bfc».)
1O:IVa Ocean View, ~ , I'll Man fmoeiteo.. fO:3up
•7:OOa In ,!••• ami Way BUU<ns (New
." Almaileu We>ln<»Jajsouly) . *liSOr
♦9i00» f!an .1 •■•. Tic ■ I'ltioa, Hauta I nil,
' I'aciUo (iroTe. l'asn lloUes. Ban
* I. nil OSiUpo, Hurf. Loaspoc aud
I'riucipal War fltatioiis M;in,.
•!•:«•» Ban. lnn- ami Way hutions , •oiits«
•Mi to* Baa J. si and Way Htatlous *3iUor
.' fV-.43r San Matro, 1!.Jm0.1. Menlo Tark.
Palo Alt,' Banta Clara, Han Jo-.
Tres Pir. I Kant* Cruz. eaUiias,
_ Monteiry , PaelHa Oror« ... •!«:!•»
IBtlOp Baa .lose au<l Way Stations ...;.... *9sBJs)f
♦ 111 Joae aud Triadr*! Way Stations *O:I.1a
f Ban Jose and Prlsrlp.il Wa; .-ona t»:€M>4
•j:3or Pan Jose and Principal Wajr KuMobs *H:S3a
•«:3Or ftan Josaaml Wiy Stations \S —A
>11:43r San .Tn«aai 1 Way SUtlons *7:34>r
A for Mum lug r for Afternoon.
"Daily. t Sin. .lay etearUd. t Sunday only.
I Saturday nnty.
a Tut t.liT« and Fridays c Thursdays and lara.
CALIFOBNIA NO2TfIWESTE£N IT. CO.
LESSEE
lAD FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TTbeiroa Perry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN KAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:80, »:&0. 11:00 a. ir^U:3i,
3 80. 1:10, 8.3» p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U3O p. m. Saturdays— Exua trip* at 1H
and U-.2S d. in.
eUNpATS-S:00. 9:80. U.-W a, m. : 130. 8:88.
6:00. «:23 d. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN fRAXCIBCO.
WEEK DATS— I:IO. 7:50. » 20. 11 10 a. m.: 13 48.
3:40. 510 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1 Si and I SB p. m.
BUNDATS-«:10. 9:4*. U:10 a. ra. : 1 40, 8:40. 5:46.
6:*B n. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. la Effect Eaa Francisco.
1 October IS,
Week Bun- Wit. Bun- Week
Days. I days. Destination days Days.
7:80 axn 3-00 am Norato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
3:80 pm i: JO am Petaluraa. 1:05 prn 10 to am
• :10 pm 8:00 pa Santa Ro«a. T:M put «:13 pa
Fulton.
TiSO am Windsor. 14:& ana
H<ial.l« v 'irs;.
Lytton,
Oeystrvin*.
B:Sopm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7 :SS pta 4:83 pa»
7:20 am Hocland and
3:00 am' Uklah. 7 X pm (:23 pn
ti3o am 10:3 am
Bioo •ml Oueraertlle. 7J5 pm
8:80 pm " 8:33 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Boooma 10:40 am 8:44 am
and
8:10 pm 1:00 pen Clra EUen. 1:13 pm 8:33 pa
T3O am 00 am Betwstopol. 10:40 am 10:81 am
tJOpm 8:00 pm I:tS pm «:n pra
Btacrs connect at Ssnta Ro»a for Mark West
Bpur.gn and White Sulphur Springs, at Lyttoa
(or Lytton Brrl {»; at GeyservllU for Bkags;s
Bprlnra; at Cicverdale (or the Oeysera; at Hop-
and for Duncan Hiirln.-n. Highland dpiings.
Kelservillt, Carlsbad Springs. S'-U liar. Lake.
sort and Uartlett.f-.rfr.es; at Uklab for Vichy
iprlnsTs, Saratoga firrtngs. Bin* Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs. Upp<H- L«.k», Porno.
'otter Valler. John Day's. JUvemlde. Lierlty s
Juckn«lls. flsnh»drln R^lg-hts. Hullvtlle, Orr's
lot Springs, Mendoclao City. Fort Brace. •
Waitport, Usal. WllUtts. Laytonrtlle. Cura-
olnrs. Bell's Spring*. Harris. Olsea's. Dyer,
Boctla and Eur«ka.
Paturday to Moaday round trip tickets at re~
doped rate*.
On Bandar round trie tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlc*«, CO Market St.. Chronlrle bid*.
H. c. whitin'o, n. x. htan.
Oeneral Manager. Pen. Pass. Asecz.
SOBfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vls> ■—■ alltsj Ferrr.
Comraeaclnfr October 1. list.
7KOM BANFIIAXCIBCO TO MILL VAJUUTT
AND BAN RAFAEL. -— ' *
WKSK DAYS- "7:00. •» .30. ll:C0 a. m.; «i' 4&,
•1:40, 5:14. 8 00, 1:30 p. in.
E^CTIIA Tun's— For Mill Valley and San lU-
tatl, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*,
at 5 '« and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATB—»J:OO. *19:00. «ll;80 a. m.; njl
• as. *4:40. • 80. ».0O p. m. . . •*%.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qnvnttn.
STROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN 1-TIANCISCO
WEEK DATB-f3B. ••», 7 44. •»:« a. m.]
•13:80, 3:1». M:A nil p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays at (40 and 10:15 p. m.
£UNDATB-4:XO. *8 00. *loao. ni:4f a. m..
•l! 40. n-.lt, 4:41. «i:*o p. m.
Trains mark*<] (•) start from San Qu*ntrn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— ».*&. 1:45. 7. 58. »4S a. ta.;
XJ .33. 38. 8:45. 5.10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aa«
Saturdays at 7. 00 and 10. 10 p. m.
BUNDATB— 10:06 a. m. . 13:0 a, 3:14, I:**,
I:W. 1:45 p. m
THROCOH TRAINS.
t:00a- m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— and -^y stations.
1:00 a. m. Buaday»— Tomaics and way statlona.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^c^fm f !-•" k i:.i u.v v ht. EsubitsbiKi
M* f*"*.^^ l-i."i» furthr tr.-atnifnt of Private
aDr.(«ib!>on*s Dispensary,
B2& KfIRM MT. Kitabllahml
in IHA4 (or tticrr. rmtm
'7 or
tSI ,ili«."a*'"''e«rliigiM> btxlyandmlmj uml
slt '" Disease* I hpiloctorcur^wlii-n
v Try him. Clinrr« low.
JjiSs^ij£U Ciirr«cunrxntrrd. CailurwriUk
Dr. J. 1\ ulOIIO.V) B«x 1»37, tsaa yranclaca
1112
SPORTING EVENTS OF CHRISTMAS DAY
WILD TRALEE
CAPTURES A
RICH STAKE
T. J. Cronin's Black Do£ Car
ries Oif die Honors at
;Icside Park.
r -
■
■
I
Tl.e ultimate winner of the stake met
the best of the dogs durlnfftheday. In the
run-down he met Lily «)f the West, and
v. d«-jrpera.to course resulted, all the. run
iinis qualities of the .locs being brought
out. After this he disposed of J,uxor. the
fcan J<'.v e crack, hanuliy. H« l next met
Chicago ltoy. htid. in tin- round before the
lit.al. T. J. Mcllush's M.Ud of the Mill.
Sl.e pave him the closest ra»'« i of the
afternoon^ the hare favoring him.
Mo.«e beat Golden <Jatf aft«-r running
two nilnuti ■>« ami twenty-four seconds.
The coursing throughout the day was
Mgh cl^>s. ihe hares running strongly
iu<l the dogs nil bring mated Jn such a
manner as to leave toe result In doubt
In Riany Instances. The day was an ideal
one* for r-purt and a large crowd . m in
attendance. The detailed results, witu
the ofadal Boores, follow:
BatV>la lUot-.' Mac'a Melody beat H. M. K«l
>'£•:'• Kady liilmorf. C 2— 0; It. A. l>«\:kelman'a
ii,.ck<-r beut B. M. KrnoKK*it lunt buy. ltf— S;
31. U I±ilor'n Moj? l*-ai 11. 1-ynch'a l-iCxlng
l'-r.. •— i: J. O*Kb««.*a Golden <iate beat Kay
j:ro»." Haukrr. 7 -4; J. Dran't UlaJlat.r brat
J. liTrlcaan Conqueror, f.— S; T. J. Cronln'*
ThCrnhUl l>eat I. J. Kdmonds" MornlM Glory.
(•—A; fitert * Ksowlea* ItuFty «r«>U tw-at H.
l*i :;i"!i> MfStlC SlajJ. 4—3;4 — 3; Mrrl & Knowlr»"
Heety Itlst »'«at 11. A. l.Tkriman'n Old Glory.
7—4; 11. A. I»»-ck>'Ima:»'t. Lawrence bent K. M.
Keilr»w'B Hummer. 11— S; Gil* Abercrombie's
Victor Kin* beat Uun-e.l. All*n & Wiinon'a
MaKtrr <'la!r. I^<>w«» & Thotnpsoa'a Kin^'a
li.inlt-rrr brat M. H. KavanaKh'i* Sw«*d!»h.
11-^; T. J. Mi'llucta'K M*:d of thr Mill beat J.
»'. Thrift 1 a KoitTtt. i-1; Uussell. Allen & WJI
«-nn> <"hiraco Buy Wat J. iTnnls' O-totxr
Worvlrork. i^-T; J. !><^ui'B (iiHant b«at J. P.
Thrift* ltrutus. Z— o; T. J. CrotUa'a WIM Tra
:«. Lost ];. i». i^ullon'B Lj!v of the \\>»t. J.*.— «;
f*unl« & Son's I- .\ r bat llantly & Smlth'a
Ida. 4-2.
jsecnr.d rounfl— Mar'B Mflxly l>rat R.fwker.
(,-:.; Mow l«-at <;o!.Jen «Sate. IS— II; Thi.mhli:
t»eat <Il«JSntr'r. 8—1; I^iwrt-nce l»*nt Rutity
001.1, 4-3; Flwty MlFt Ixat Vlrtnr Kmc, 14— C;
M»!J ff the Mill l>«-at KinK'n l?or<sfn?r. 8—1;
• 'hliacn Il<iy l.<Mt <....:.:•. 12— C; Wild Tralee
l#Ht l.uvnr. 7—!.
Ti-.lrJ roun.l-Mac'B Melody brat Mosf. I^-1;
TbOTDlltt] l«>nt .^lr^ty Mint. C-S; MaJil ot the
Mill l*»t Uawrmee. 10—6; %Vlld Trulea N>at
Chiracs Bojr. c— 3.
Fourth round— Mar"* MfJMy brat Ttjornhin.
r- K. :s-U; WliJ Tralee beat Maid cf th«
Mill. 7-:.
Final— WllJ TraN-r brat Mac's Melody. S— <>.
The draw fi.r to-morrow's nake nt
V nlon <'<>urslnK Park will be held to-
Tiicht In Pythian Castle. The three stakes
t" by run <lurl!ig the New Year's holi
days will be drawn to-morrow night.
ON PRtSIDIO GOLF LINKS.
Qualifying Rounds for the Council's
Cup Competition Hnve Now
Been Played.
IVjrlne the part three days • he qualify
ing rounds for the council's cup com
petition have been p'.ayrd on the Tresldlo
links over eighteen holes, tenre. play. Of
th« eight whose rcorcs entitle them to
«-ntor the comi»etition on the COth JnKt.
three ■;..':.•■'. on Saturday last, one on
Sunday and four yesterday. The scores
ore ulvcn In the table:
Cnunrirn COP critr.:«'tltlf»n— Qu»'lfylnif roun.l:
| Flr»t ;s*rnnTj *
Cnmr^tltnm. ; round, i round. Total.
John JjUfK-mn 44 | <• I TI
b. U. Ahlut .1r 47 W 87
H. n. «!rt.«lwln tJ 47 I Sit
«'hnrlr»i l-aitf t! f 48 l">0
J. W. n?rn* 4» 12 101
A. 1«. Willtaffinon 4( M 1"1
j:. .1. Mr(^jKh<«n r» 4S IC2
MaJ^ H. J. Uallfirtw i 2 U | 1"4
Th© courF« at the Presidio Is in fine
condition for play, the putting greens
being almost dJsconcertlnKly fast. The
«*Jeht players uhot»e nam<*s •" Riven In
the table will piny tho tlrst round of the
competition next Saturday. The poml
flnaf round. In which there will b«> four
competitors, vill bo played on Now Year's
day, beKinnlns at 10 o'clock In the morn-
Inij. arid the !in.-U round <>n the afternoon
of New Year's day. beginning at 2 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Motherhood ought always to bring
happiness. But it is often the begin-
ning of life-long unhappiness. As a pre-
paration for motherhood, and as a pre-
• ventive of the ills so often following
jnattrpity Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription has been hailed as a "God-send
to women." It heals diseases peculiar
to women, tones up the system, makes
motherhood practically painles*. and es-
tablishes the sound health which insures
healthy children.
" DuriaKtb-pa«rt yer.r I found rayjelf pregnant
and in rapidly failing healjh," wn'ten Mr». W. 1.
Kidder. of Hill Dale Farm. (Enoshurc Center).
Knosburp. VI ■ I «i<Tered dreadfully from b'.oat-
ir.|t and urinary diffrultv I wa» cTowinjj per-
ceptibly weaker each diiy and niEered much
fch«rp pain at time*. I felt th»t torneth'.ny must
be. done. I »ounh; roar advice aud received a
prompt reply. I took twelve bottlr* of Dr.
II" ' Favorite Inscription, and also followed
your inrtmctionn. I beffan to improve Immedi-
ately, my health berame excellent, and I could
do all mjr own work (we live on a poM aired
farm!. I walked r.nd rode ell I could, and en-
joyed it. I had n *hort r««y coaCnetneat aud
have a heilthy baby Soy."
Dr. Piercc's Medical Adviser (paper
covers) is sent ftre 0:1 receipt of 21 one-
cert stamps to pay cost of mailing only.
Address Dr. K. V. Tierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
Fort the curtn of coNoitmiOEA.
Gleeta, Stricture* and analocoui com-
f-*.:ta of the <)rcar.» of C.neratlon.
Prtc« :i a bottle. Fcr »■:• by rtrurc'.'t*.
Wright's Indian Venetable Pills
AltD ACKXOIVLKUOF.D .11UUSANDS
of persons who hay« aa*4 them for forty
;.i.r. to cure KICK HCADACIIE. GIDDINESS
CONfiTIPATXON. Torpid U\tr. Weak btoa-
ach, Xtisrilea and ru:. / tbt blood. . I
CHRISTMAS
HANDICAP
FOR ALPEN
Jockey Boland Rides Four
Winners at the New Or
leans Track.
Pf*cial r>l««r«tch to The C«JI.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 25.— The Christ
mas card drew a very large crowd to the
trade to-day. The stands were thronged.
and the .infield well Oiled. The track was
heavy and lumpy, but the racing was
good, and three favorites landed first
money. Jockey Poland was in great
form, nnd rode four winners, having no
mount in tb« Brsi race. thus winning the
gold-mounted v.-hip offered by Captain
lames Reese for th? best riding percent
ape of the day.
The Christmas handicap at a mile was
the feature of the day. Alpen, who out
classed his Held, was a strong favorite,
and won very easily. Results:
' mil* Br.l twenty ynrd* — RnshflHils
■ .ml thir.l. Time.
: '*
Flee and a half furl^nf"- Prince of Veronl.i
won. Plsjolute teconil, Inlo.iU third. Time. 1:H.
HrlJlnp. two mllos— Pancharm won. Sunburst
ferond Monk Wayraan third. Time, 3;il.
The Christmas handicap, one mile — Ali>en won,
Moronla second. : op. Mint Sauce third. Time,
l:C0.
Scllinp, one mile and twenty yards— Trebor
won, Refugee second. Albert' Vale third. Tlnu.
1:12.
HEAVYWEIGHTS WILL
BOX TWENTY ROUNDS
Joe Kennedy and Russell to Try Con-
elusions Before the West
ern Club.
Joe Kennedy and Fred Russell, the
heavyweight boxers, Will meet to-morrow
night In the hall at 32 Golden Q Lt« avenue
In a twenty-round bout. Kennedy is al
most a prohibitive favorite at odds of 10
to 3. The bettors undoubtedly have in
mind Russell's recent showing with Van
Buskirk. Hoth were big and awkward
neither showed to advantage.
Since then Russell has devoted all Ills
time •. learning the rudiments of boxing
and is pronounced an apt punil by Ales.
< ;r. err. Inn. He has been earnest' In his
preparation. boxing with (Ireggtiins.
while hi* physical condition has been
looked after by Martin Murphy, the vet
eran trainer.
Kennedy Is nt Peal Rock House and Is
being look.'d after by Spider Kelly. He
is a clever boxer and has th^ benefit of
practicing dally with Jack O'Brien, the
prospective opponent of Al. Nelll.
The preliminary will b« between Jimmy
I.awlor and Sammy Maxwell, two boxers
of th- apcre^Plve typo. The men met once
before and Maxwell was given the .]• .-i
sion after "hey had boxed twenty rounds.
Maxwell is at Hlanken's with ' Rujmw»U.
while Lriwlor is with Al. Neill at llalght
and Stanyan streets.
Policemen Give a Ball.
BAN JOBE, Dec. 2T..— Tho first annual
ball of •'• policemen was held at Turn
Verein Hall to-night. Fully r>iV» people
wtre present. The proceeds will (TO to
ward establishing a rick fund. Nearly
every merchant In town bought a tlcke"t
to help the coppers along. Socially and
llnancfally the event was a success.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
fOopj • • UN. by H. 11. r^iert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday, December 25. 1899. Fifty-
fifth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weathsr
fine. Track fast.
J r> s i. MtTtPHY— I " tdce. 3. B tarter.
- . _ , _^_
ROn FIRST RACB— Five mid a ha'.f furlongs; aJI ac»«; r>urse, $♦*>.
In<W. How. Ac*. Weight, Ft. ';m. urn.u m . «im. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op ci!
... Flower of Gold. 2. ..101', 8 ... Ch II I*J 1 2 T Wulsh I 6 5
612 I'aramlnt. I 116' : ... 2 i 2 1 ill 2h Thorpe.... 10 i-»
446 Ollnthuo. 3 US! 5 ... 44 4 h 4 1 3 U Spencer ' 4 I
M 9 Stronunli. 3 113 2 ... 14 13 2h • U Conley ........ -.1 GO
454 Tar Hill. I 104 3 ... 7 2 7 6 7 6 52" Vlttltoe ' 4 I
611 Allenns, 2 »1 6 ... ' 1 ■'. 1 C ■•.. C 1 J. Martin 4 *
.» 116. 4 ... 3h 3h r. h v 7.5
1 -._ v _X 8 15 jo
Tin • . tart I and third di
lnr Winner, W. H Jennlna**' eh. f. by lmj> <l<'!dfln'-h-}-"i<ii^ ■■
W!r.n»r r.utoUc, ff ,i ho r n»'ld Btr Bl . Tar Hill weakly ridden
•.ted hi* baikei-g.
'".I Arte IL
' ■ —
■ — .
__ _ __ . — , — ,, — __ _ 1
SQI BE >N"l> RACE-Plx furlonr*; telllnc: two-y«-ar-..lds; pur«e. $100.
1 .
Index. Hone. Weight. }Bt. i; m . Hm. m , str. Tin. } Jockeys. Op."'^.'
<4S) Pee B"e 10? 1 ... 1~4 11 11; 14 Thorpe •.. «•! T",
... L,. B. MeWMrter....ltt] • ... Si Sh 32 231 Powell... ?.t\ mi
Ml Mont Eagle 108 6 ... *! h r. 3 (1 Ih C.Wilson.. i!> "M
(&CC) May Gertrude 106 r. ... r. h 43 43 43 Vlttll '" .1
< r.ni > ! imboulla lftfi! 2 ... 2 9 2 5 Ifa C< Ppencer .. '" I E•»
(371) Expedient 100' 4 ... 7 7 7 G8 E Itoss r V.
... Favor! to 101] : ... 41 6 4 15 7 [Sontjer 30 CO
i '. „ ' - " i Ll___? ** > w
Time— 1 ;. :- . '■ . v 1:14. Baa 1 n rldd#n tmi
■\V!nn«-, HniTi!i & Waterhauai indrew-Free
I IW run a nlro ra-- f.rvt tin ' •.• ,v Qertmda away
. ig Hill in. FlnrMan 10J. Bun«llo 109 . Gllk-
wr. I M Madeline 10. AhorlKln.>
. : : :
1 • _ . __
son THIRD RACE— One mile; tbree-year-olda and upward; parse, J<».
Index. Bone. Ac I . Sm. \m. Ftr. Tin. Jockeys.
' — ' " i"
6. 3 r.isflnle. 1 <>« 5 4 1 -■ c.i ii l m. |t Walsh 9-1 -ii -
in The Fr'tter. 3 101] I S5 44 42 21 22. r> yin .. "fi 7
437 Mlkßxth. 4 102' » 3h I R r, I 4 ••- 3 2 lltanrh '" *O k
r.12 Montallade. 6 19W 1 l l l i 1«4 l h 3 h 4 4 !?p f r.cpr ..'.."" - n!j
431 Ban Venado. 4 inr.| 2 3 h 2'j 24 r. 6 C 6 IKomjer ' C-, 1105
tls Hotx-nlnhe. 4 ■.■.105] 4 6 6^ 6 6 C ]K. Ross ' i* -.)
Time— K. :2.": U. :<9: 1:144: mile. I:4ft. Good start. Won all out. Fecond nnd thin!
<3rlvinif. Winner. W. M. Murry-fi br c . by 1-averdale-CaFtalla,
fnadale ran rnmilv Melkarth ran ahead of his number. San Venado probably short
S<-ratrh«»d— Anchored 93. : • '
.tftO FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a half; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, JGOO
! ■ ; ■
__ _ _. _
■ Ac We •• -• -. nn. 3 ..
m nr. Pernays. 4 8S! 4 26 23 II 13 12. T Martin c- r . 7".
4>9 Dr. Marks. 4 S3) 6 I II 22 2 3 26 Irievln ' " 1 i'
459 rrirnnne. B nt 5 4 44 4>i 5 4 3 U IPtunrt ..'.;!!!; S li
LOt nance. 3 7311 II In X 3 4U 4 1 !nan-h X"! !! M it
H9. Ivsdaea. 3 W»! 5 4h C 1 .51 r. S hanan '.'.'.'. *<; i?
M??> Pare 11. C. 9513 IB 14 3h C C T. Walsh..!! 7-^ »!s
TOm ■ .. 1:14%: mile, 1:41%: mm. 2:07\: mm
.Inn. Wlnnor. Dr. II I ' ■ . .\y.. ..
b»di>n.
! Dr. nernavn ran a jrrfatly Improved race. Saddle en I-adaea slipped. Dare set a M «
that Turned him up. " lwre
_ . _
■ — ■ — ■ —_
i ,
CO/1 FIFTH RACE— MiIe iird an eighth: Chrl?ttnas Handicap; thr<-e-ycar-elds •,- 1 un
1 O—T 1 * ward; pane, $7W. . " v
. : — . .
~~~ ~~i — r.. .
Inder. Hor?». Af. Weight. St. Urn. Hm. m . Str. Fin. j Jockeys. op.^'a
. •
, . ,
ft* Rowirmonde, 4 115! 1 -'? 23 23 14 11 i.Tonklnn !<! s - »
4<!7 Lothian. 3 101 ! .1 1 4 4 4h 4 1 !li VMttltoe [ 10 .2
«4W) owuiauon 4 •! 12 12 11 2 1 11 T Walsh '" 4 9 *
CM Imp. Mlrtral U. :....10«! 4 II 3 1 81 34 43 T. Burns!!! IT 7 5
US Topmast. I. 116! 5 I 6 5 3 S3 m Spencer 'a.* 7 ■
44« Penora, Caesar. 3.... K\ S 4 h 6 4 6 6 C I Buchanan* *.'.'.'.* |13 20
Time— >». :13; H. 17; %. l:0l»i: !*. 1::C»i: mile. 1:35\: l^m. l:52«. Good .... Wo _
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner. J. Na.-!r • Murk's b. m.. by Imp. Ormonde-Imp.
Winner w»^ l«en and nicely ridden. Osculation stopned last part; she has weak under'
pinnir.t Topmast npparentlv could not handle the weight.
Scratched— Nopamax 110. Tappan 109.
I 525 MXTH nACE-I*uturlty cotfrse; Mllmy Handicap; all ag?s; purse. >:00.
■ . ■ • .-- •:•■
I ■ ' ' : ■ ,—, — _^
Inde». Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. Hm. \m. Sir. Fin. Jockeys. Op."' a.'
riS £? Vl V' ••;••, I(y> "* "-' 6h 41 .3 ij lh IT Burns ~~g ~J
,mJ'^ !" r ' lvl ' U '- l ' i;: ••• 72 Rh '41 2 1 J.Martin..... 3 I
<431) St. Cuthtwrt. 4 l»i 3 ... 3 2 31U 2 4 3 1 Jenkins R -
10? 2 - 22 'h ih U conTe" 8 .::::::: 1
flrtvTnT^"\\Mnn;r :J1 tO n^- 0:45o :45: a f t . vj« :MH: Bheirt X; I:W^- ■•" Won flr « three
v-fi««. t.h ' frJ! S^reckels* b. m.. by \mzt. Isllnrton-Hllecn. . .
rid '"ratf n ;^dTove l"''l r . ac d 8l ' nth - to '« Alice made no showing. good
TIIE SAX FRAX CISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1599.
TOPMAST
NEVER IN
THE CHASE
Rosormondc Won the Christ
mas Handicap — Novia First
for the Milroy.
MERRY holiday
throng of several
thousand people
witnessed' me of
the sharpest and
prettiest sport of
the racing season nt
Oakland yesterday,
and nothing marred
the afternoo n"s
pleasure. The
weather was warm
nnd balmy. the
track velvety and
Faat as forked Ili?ht-
ning. anil ii- Ida with
earnest pretensions to class. Sixteen
books in the big ring anil three Held books
were kept busy handling the coin. Favor
ites held their own by capturing three
purses, while much to the gratification of
the "pikers." three longer-priced horses
faun- ii to slumber the remaining choices.
The Christmas handicap valued at $7'«>.
over • and a furlong, the most
inviting morsel on the menu, was car
rled off by aristocratic Rosormonde.
There was such a demand for Topmast
and ills allotment of 116 pounds jitid
Spencer In the saddle that the price
against Ormonde's daughter went nick
I to £ The favorite was
;n it. Llghtwelghted Osculation
v. Walsh up w< nt "lit at an < v
Ingly warm clip, closely trailed In)
h by Rosormonde, Imp. Mistral and
Lothian. As the wire waa appn
Jenkins called on Rosormondc, and si."
responded by winning aim from
m in the I eof l :.'•:'■ . ■
finished third, with the fai
Topmast In fifth position behind Mistral.
M'ir«- Interest even was displayed over
the result <■!' the Ullroy handicap, decided
over tho Futurity course, for which v. i
low Tall ruled an B i<> ."> favorite The
two-year- ild was conceding all m ri
• and his downfall came aboul
:is the wise ones had predicted. J>ii:<-s
10 >:., t.. the fr..nt. whi- b he
carried out t'» the letter. Unfortunately
for the big chestnut, h<- ■».!>- unable to
shake off Prank Bell, tad when well int..
th« ?trft<'h th<' pair were racing on i«ks
thai wobbled. 8t Cuthbert th.-n looked
s winner, until collared and passed by
Novia, and Kintr Carnival n-:ir thi
dock. Tommy Burns r ■!•■ -i superb I
on the former, landing 1!. ■ Bpreckels en
try first \<y a head h |Uallng the
y Miss Rowena. Yellow
Tail ran .
Flower of (Sold made her first appear
. ■ unble, i><! :
stalled a warm favorite. She acted sour
while l>.-lnj.' galloped previous to iho pout
call, pausing her odds tv recede a trine in
the b^tttnEr. it proved a needless alarm,
for, getting away last, she ran through
winning 1 leverly from I'.m.i
mint. Olinthua took the Bhow.
Another sizzling favorite was Hoe Bee,
which also made her tirst start this sea
son. in ihe dash following. A 4 to 5
chance, the fast filly was never headed,
loading out Louis B. McWhlrtcr, a l<v» to 1
shot, four lengths at the wire. Mont
Eagle, another outsider, downed May Ger
trude for show honors.
v. .] Baldwin's Han Venado was sop
.. be Jusl th« thinp for the thlnl
number, a niiK- s<-llinc run. but n
i Ing. Heavily backed at G
CHILD EATEN BY
MOUNTAIN LION
Horrible Death of Baby
Girl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO. Dec. 23.-From the wilds
of Lower California la received the story !
of a child being carried off and eaten by j
a mountain Hon. The child was only 3 i
years old and lived near a place called
Nljl. It disappeared about a month ago. 1
Searching parties were organized and the •
country about was scoured for some
trace of the missing child, but none could
be found. It was thought that some Mex
ican had stolen the girl.
A few days ago, however, ns the father |
was going up a wild and rocky canyon :
which had been overlooked in the search !
be was horrified to find pieces of his i
child's clothing hanging on bushes and «
several bones scattered about on the I
ground. The father realized at once that |
his daughter had been carried off by a
mountain lion. The news prostrated his
wife. Mountain lions are numerous \:\
that section and become very bold when
driven by hunger to look for food. A
search Is being made for the skeleton of
the child.
9 ' ♦ .t-^_ < $,-^^_ # _^._^.«,_ # _^-^-^_ # _o ;
to r>, lie showed first hy a neck on the
stretch turn, only to finish sniong th<>
"also rans. ' Ridden out. Casdale, the ser
• ■•nl . hoice, with T. Walsh uj>, got to tho
first, beating The Fretter i" c s than
two lengths.
l>r. Bernays won the mile and a half
selling affair. !!>■ had first call in the
k, and aft^r l>ar«> II had tired nf th.-*
lea l won easily from I>r. Marks. Personne
drifted intu the show.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this after- .
noon's running events:
First raw Futurity course; four-year-olds .
. and upward : selling.
491 Kspirando 119 397 St. Alßnon 119
; .... Greyhurst 119 612 Jael 113
514 Hru« Lass 119 511 1-ucld 114
IW True Blue 119 510 He Harpy 114
810 Lady Uritnnr. 24S Charles le 8e1. ..114
510 Meadowlark ....in 510 Mainstay 1--
CIO Grady IS Clprlano 113
453 L>ke of York ILlls|
Second race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; ;
selling.
509 Devereau 10S' 47: Jolly Brltton 110
.... ■;..;- lioi SCS IJllly Moore ICS
.... Gusto 1M CCI Miss Madeline.. 11.'. '
4SS rldan 112 j 478 Antoinette 115 i
404 Aborlgln-e 110, :<■• Illllouette 103
455 Spike 110 <4SO)TuthM 113
249 Jennie niley....lio!
Third — One mile; two-year-olds and up
ward: purs*.
<311)Constellator .... 03 611 Klckumbob 93
511 Gauntlet ICS BOS Storm King 107
<50C)Ventoro 110' 41:4 Hindoo Princess 33
Fourth race— One and one-sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
4SI Morlnel 107, MS Opponent 101
<Ms)Ktnsteln mi , 497 Faversham 90 ;
fil3 " :^:ir M 1 MS Tom Calvcrt '.'•'•
.'!■. senator Lhibois.. M 1 US Coda '.*<>
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds and
upward; free handicap.
C 23 King Carnival ..107 410 Dr. Sheppard....llo i
iii.-> H'».<:.l7)Advance Guard. 37
<4«4)FMan ... 103 410 Sat ma 11') ]
3C3 Katie Gibbons., snj
Sixth race— FlTS and a half furlones; two
yr-ar-olds and upward: m iiinK
MI Ama.«a in*. ■»'.'. El Salado 101
MW Giro '.'1 413 Snips 101
1 .'' 1 Gllssnndo 94! Ml Mont El fie .... 91
512 Sallle Goodwin. 101 1 T. 13 Mike 1:: ■•- 104
247 Bosslo 1..- 104 .'O4 Whltcomb 101
I 4:.<> I'at Morrlssoy...iOj| 481 Etta U 101
i M 9 Hen Led 1.>41 ■; 4 1:: . Chleo 101
513 Sliver Tone 104 1
Selections for To-Day.
First race— True Blue. Meadowlark. Draw
I Lass.
Second race— Miss Madeline, Gussle Fay, ,
FWldtin.
Third race— ConsteUator, Hindoo Princess, \
Ventoro.
Fourth -Marine!, Opponent, Senator Dv- ;
bols.
Fifth race — Advance Guard, Satsuma, Dr.
Bheppard.
sixth race— Pat Morrissey, Ben L»di, Silver
Tone.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
Battle Ax Beats Prince of Fashion
After an Exciting Run.
BTOCKTON, Dec. 2S.— Roaultl at Good
wator Grove to-day:
Bharkey b«at Sarah Gold; Pat Mallny beat
Bnnbeam; Arnn beat Lily of the Valley; Dinah
beat Il«?d Cloud; Sweet Briar i>« at Alma; Right
Arm t ■•-•• Pei fful Olca; Robin AiJair tx'at
Kitty .- ott: Uattle Ax brat Mtrkle DuKan;
Hn7.f»l L bwit ■ tter Than Gobi; Prince of
Kashion beat Mlhs Skyball; Elco !x>at Honey
moon; Magneto t>eat Klack «:hlef; Tap Out beat
Mai«l-n; Foreet Me Not 1 -.t .lark; St. Elmo
bent Woodbine: Hrentw.-wxi beat Runaway.
Kirn tie* Bharkey beat Pat Hal toy; Dinah
beat Arno; Rlßht Arm heat Sweet Briar; Bati •■
Ax heat Robin Ada'.r: Prince of Fashion beat
llazoi 1.. Elco beat Magneto; Tup Out beat
Forest Me Not: -• Klmo beat Brent* -'.
Battle Ax
•■ 1 it, . Prince of Faahli n beat
• 1- it T«a ' tal
Thirl tlea ■• w beat I>:n;.h; Trlnce of
: brat St. Elmo
Final— Battle Ax beat Prince of Fashion.
Yesterday*! final- Ricky Attempt beat Kerry
Gow. Johnnie X a bye; Risky Attempt beat
Johnnie F.
Chess by the Champions.
CINCINNATI, Dec, S.— Plllabury and
Showalter, who wore to j • l ; » \- tlir ;. •
of ch'-ss gamea between them
in Li. rrlved here too late to
play. • ■ • ' • he game witfi-
PUlsbury played
and ten cnei k< r pames
isly with •!.■ 1.. : talent Cln
■ •; t ho Kentuck could
of thi in. This w.is
I' 1 th< ' ighi ho played l>!ln.l
t r»! « . . ■• i simuitam
all.
Six-Dny Grinders Start.
: ORD, Di l A six-day
: ■ day, 1 w at
Rink 1 .1. At ii p. in..
1 for Xho day the
■ ; Dub il .. Brockton Mnss
Nal ButJpi < Cambridge, Mass
Hud. .if Laureaux, Belgium, 147.4; J.irt
145.7 Hugh afcLean
'■ Uunroe, Mem
phis. T.-nn.. 148.5; J. T. McDoniels, New
York, .
Dr. Parker' , Jr <\ One dose win stop
it N'Wt .tils. Try it. All flrußgists.
YOUNG WILL GOVERN
NORTHWESTERN LUZON
Permanent Military Stations to Bo
Established at San Fernando
and I/aoag.
MANILA. D<c 2S.— General Young has
ben appointed Military Governor of the
provinces of Northwestern Luzon, with
headquarters at Vigan. His command In
cludes the Thirty-third Infantry, under
Colonel Luther H. Hare, and the Third
Cavalry. He will establish permanent
stations at Kan Fernando and Laoag, with
outposts where needed.
The Sixteenth Infantry will 'proceed to
Aparrl. garrisoning such towns as may
be deemed necessary in the province of
Cngayun. Isabels and Nuevo vlsca; in
which Colonel Hood has been appointed
Military Governor. General Young and
Colonel Hood are establishing municipal
governments, and the ports in Northern i
Luzon will be opened for trade about Jan
uary 1. .
FATHER DEBRONX DEAD.
Several Times Inherited Fortunes,
Which He Gave to Charity.
MONROE. Mich.. Dec. 23.— Mgr. joos.
v. <;., received a cablegram to-day from
\Ynilinn St. Paul. Belgium, stating that
Rev. Father Joseph P. Debronx bad just
died. Father Debronx was born In h,i
glum. He cam* to America in is." 1 ; and
was parish priest of Grosse Point e for
more than a quarter of a century. He be
came an assistant to St. Mary V Church
here In ISS2, and celebrated "his golden
Jubilee, September 25, UM. Father De
bronx several times Inherited fortunes
which he gave to charitable institutions,
one of which is St. Francis Orphan Home
of this city.
Hales.
pm^ frfllßf* YftfftcS *2lS§^
t
teditct lows
The crowds of last week did not leave much for an after-Christmas sale, but there arc a few
Xmas goods still on hand, that we shall close out by offering
©ne-third oii
on soldier sets, calendars, booklets, albums, glove boxes, toilet an d manicure set silver butter
dishes, pickle dishes, fruit dishes, tea sets, bread trays, swinging mirrors.
•
on dressed dolls, games, books, blackboards, guns, swords, electric toys, mechanical dolls, horses
and carts, doll dinner sets.
50 doz. Turkish towels
in unbleached, size 21x44 in., heavy quality, each, only 12 i-2c
pillow cases
bleached, size 45 X 36 inches, made from remnants of sheetings, on sale for less than the material by
the yard, each only ..ioc
hosiery sale
children's flr.<» ribbed seamless f,?«t black
cotton liosp, medium weight, double "knees,
heels ftnd tp?s; fizes 6 to 10; regular 1L' 1 *' 1
quality, for UK? pair
boy's extra heavy bicycle ribbed black
cotton hos-e, extra lone, seamless and
elastic: double kne»-». heel* anil toea;
; lead I valuer sizes 6to 10; for i!se pair
household necessi-
ties
25 rdeces wool eiderdown flannel. 3-4
width, dark colors, stripes and plaids; 4'c
and 800 coor> :t:;«* a yard
sheets, bleached, good quality muslin, 2-
lnch hem:
slncle bed size -100 each
3-1 bed size -!."<• each
doubl* bed size Soei each
H pair white wool blankets, v. rylarse size,
72x54 Inches, all wool, .*-lb. wvl«:ht, cnars-i
wool: we are deanlnn them out: were $3..V>,
now 5*".7."» a t>alr
remnants and odds and ends .if lln«»n
such M table damnsk. towellnir and towels:
ISO remnants table damask, 2 yards
long «5e and sii,. each
IV) remnants table dnmask from
ijll to lfj:.">O each
fancy silks
we- place on sale tO-day all of our
broken lines, SLSO and $1.75 fancy ullk*
In dark colors, "l Inches wide, for ifl
black silks
all gllk black peau d'sole, *001 h*avy
trad .best dye, 19 In. wide. "•"•<• and "••"><•
black serge
strictly nil wool. 36 In. wide, good
heavy quality; will be sold I r..:sr»r» yard
black crepons
the heavy blister effects, so popular for
skirts; worth $1, will be sold toi BSd yard
if w: don't —^^^^Z^®Qi> GOOD^y^ the store
tell US. w'iiiMil»rb—w 'iiiMiI»rb— ■ im n ,I IIIIIIM Bi^n" I^^^ mother likes."
+ — -f 935, 937, 939, 9-4-1, 94 3, 945, 9-47 /Vlnrket St. ♦
OILER DROWNED OFF
STEAMER ZEALANDIA
SAD CHRISTMAS ACCIDENT ON
THE WATER FRONT.
George Holland Falls From a Ganj
jilauk Into the Bay and His
Body Disappears.
An accident happened «:irly !n>t r.uht
on the steamer Zealandia n hJ
in the drowning of Oeorg< Holland, ■
:. about -t > • am "H. • I
employed a* an oiler on the ••x-tmi.
The Zealandia is at Broadway wharf,
lyln^ alongside the earner- Pomona,
which hi at the dock. In order to board
the Zealandia it [is necessary to cross
from the Pomona on a gang plunk be
tween the steamers.
Holland had been ashore for' supper,
ami returned aboard the steamer shortly
after 7 o'clock with Robert Campbell, one.
of his shipmates. Meeting the Quarter
master, James McDonald, the men start
ed a good-natured conversation and they
were laughing at some remark when Hol
land, stepping back to an against the
rail, caught his heel in the boards of the
gang plank and fell over in the- open
space between the steamers and :nto I lie
dark waters beneath. • ■ . .
In Ills descent the unfortunate nan
stnick his head ugainst the heavy guard
rail or fender of the Pomona, «in<i tvns
probably rendered Insensible. If not killed.
I: plank Quartermaster McDonald saw
<• i-i tw< en the si . nd .:it«> the
; wal r
Ills descent th.' unfortunate man
rk Jiis head again I tin- heavy jmunl
<>r (>■ raona, and whs
ni.ly rendered Insensible. If not killed,
oon as Quartermaster McDonald saw
the man reach the water he lowered a
rope and Sailor Campbell let himself
down, and with one hand on the rope,
leached with the other to catch the fast
slnking body, but it sank from sight be
fore he could grasp it. The hat worn
by Holland was nicked up soon after the
accident and showed traces of blood,
strengthening the theory that the man
was badly hurt before reaching the water.
James Hopkins, a water-tender on the
Zealandia, grappled for two hours for the
body, but without success. The body will
probably drift. ashore under' the wharf, as
the tide was coming in at the time.
Deceased had been on the.steamer since
she had 'joined the transport fleet, ami
was preparing to make another voyage
t : . 1 . was comlnß in at the time.
1 hid l :i on th-- steamer Hirtro
had joined th.- transport fleet, ami
< preparing t<> malic another voyage
when the steamer entered upon her new
schedule. His shipmates speak of him as
a good-natured fellow, well liked by all
his associates.
He leaves a sister living on Hayes street
in this city and a brother. John J. Hol
1 land who Is chief engineer of the steamer
; Mary Oarratt, .
The whiskey that touches the right upct Is
Jesse Moore; to be hail from (Irst-clasa dealers.
Vienna has several women grave-dig
gers. -.•
The preacher doesn't always take It as
a sign of approval when he sees mem
bers of his congregation nodding.—Lon
don Tit-Bits.
Hales.
special sale of
garters
the popular round gnrtont. made of silk,
frilled elastic, with full satin bow and
enameled buckles to ma'r-h elastic; imt dp
In oblong boxes with glass top; colors, pink.
blue, purple, royal yellow, orange, cardinal,
black and w!itte. at BOc pair
we have just received a round supporter,
made of all silk elastic, with fancy frilled
colored edge, with white metnl or enamel
buckle to match nnd dainty satin bow: put
up In pretty boxes with glass tups, ,it.*l i r.
some millinery
specials
ISO children's Tarn O'Sh.intcr caps. In nny
desired color U.ii'
"the Lillian." n soft crush hat; colors,
gray, black and navy; slightly soiled, ready
to wear; only .' doZ'Ti left; were 75c. now-lOc
£/») bunches curled o<xjue feathers and
quills .it 2.1 "c ■ bunch; navy, brown,
green, red and purple.
stylish draped turhnn* In soft shades of
cnstor. brown and gray; if I to )«•> were
|7 and 110.
specials for men and
boys
men's and boy's night shirts, made from
heavy twill night gown cotfn. SO Inches
long, full slz^ every way; seams all double
Ftitched and stayed throughout; heavy pearl
button*: sizes 12<n to 19« i .".lie each
advnni4 styles for spring In men's col-
or.'i laundered shirts, with detachable link
cuffs; to be worn with white collar.. <•• each
a lot of odds nnd ends In men's heavy
ribbed cotton underwear, slightly fleecer,!,
several shades to select from; as long as
they last will be .".:•«• each
oolddebo, sovrr:: & co's BP2CIAL SAVING SALS
BQWEN
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
G B&CO'SO X 3 bottles $2
bourbon whiskey . . gallon " 3
• reg'ly $1 bottle £4 gallon
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs $$C
reg'ly 35c ground or roast
first-rate coffee
' Mackerel— A&nray kit $ I 50
White tender meat 3 mackerel 2?C
Cocoa— Van Houtcn 80C
reg'ly 5i Ib i Ib 4 Ib and 1 Ib tins
The real Holland cocoa — it has a
quality none other can equal
Cherries in maraschino 6oc
reg'ly 70c— large bottle — serve as
a dainty sweet meat between courses
Chutney— pint $50
reg'ly 40c and 60c quart 50C
The meat sauce par excellence
Gin— Booth * old torn ")
B i tte Field's orang- > 9OC
regularly $1 bottle )
Olive Lucca. .- 50c
.reg'ly 55c bottle
; HamS— Armour Star I5^C
reg'lv i6Jc Ib
Not much come down for turkey
Bouillon— Ankers 25C
reg'ly 30c box of 10
Perfumery— viouvs i 05
extracts— reg'ly Si 25 bottle— all odors
Dentifrice- wafer* 2 i a:s ccc
reg'ly 3 5cjar
Catalogue free for the asking
Weekly Call $1.00 Year
Hale'B.
black cheviots
a sreclal v«! In a f9-!nch ■trtrtlr all
wool black chivlot. all steam shrunk. B l
47-lnoh wide all-wool, extra heavy bench
scrg*. for 7.1 c yard
ladies' winter under-
wear
Indies' "star of garter" Strl«« rtbb«d
non-shrlnkable wool vests, heavy winter
weight. Icng or short sleeves, white rr
natural gray; »lze s 3. *, 5; regular prlr»
$1. nnw •;:».■ e a ,h
ladles' Onelta I'nlon suits, winter weight,
buttons across the shoulders, hand.'nni'ly
flnlyhed. sKk shell edg*. f-arl buttons, cov-
ered seams; sixes 4, 5. C:
fleered cotton ecru and natural. -I.lc a suit
', «•(<)!. white anil natural I i a »ult
2-3 wool, white an.l r:■ ;■ i: .■* 1.-", a suit
art department
lot 1 consists of fancy h.ind-palnfed. tar*
trimmed itllk pin cushions, worth $1 So ea<-h.
hand-palnt<>d satin photo holders, wtth
vllk pur*. worth tl.Vl each.
l<mg linen emhroidered. lare trimmed
pin cushion* i" handkerchief rases,
worth 12 each.
.M.I. BOILED BY HANDLRCO. I-.- EACII
lot :-hanrl-palr.ter| toilet sets, consisting
of 1 pincushion and two bottles; worth
$2..V». and all •■■! fancy made-up »ofa
cushions; worth X to 13; will h« si|<l
at $1.7.1 each
all our silk oblong and wtpmn i " fu«h-
Inns. marked I"c. to be s<>ld at He each
burnt sheeiiskln leather sofa cushion*,
worth $6.'A to be sold at # ••'.<• each
burnt calf skin leather sofa ■■■•:.. :>.
worth PJO, to b« sold at «; each
"Spanish girl" sofa cushions, with rib-
bon ruffle, made to order. »T ■.•( to $IO each
"Spanish girl" cushion tops $'- each
GOLDBZR3. CO7EH t CO 3 SPECIAL SAVI27Q SALX
BQWEM
CO.
Cigars
New goods in new sizes for holiday trade
Flor de Cuba
! . Villar v Villar
Rosa Aromatica
All made from fresh tobacco grown
since the war— fancy boxes for gifts
Humidors
made of highly polished woods beveled
glass— silver trimmings— are an orna-
ment for any sideboard or "den "
«3 50 to $12
4fj Pine 231 Suffer a?oo California San Fnvlv*
: 1075 Clay between Eleventh anj Twelfth OiMxoA
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A 87.00 book.
. The Ilook of the Century. Handnoti-ly
Iliuatrated by thirty-two o: Hi.- World'a
Greatest Arfl '.<.
GIVEN FREE
to T'-h person Irf:- In nubscrlMris
to the Eugene Klelil Monu:a^r.t BoUTwmr
Fund. Subscribe any amount •!• ■.«:r-.1.
s-'iilim r! 1 :t"r.s an' low as tl will ••ntll!*
dunor to this daintily artistic volume * -
» il.Ll> » LOv\ :.KS
,; t:. bound. Szll). ■• a certtflrata of rub.
•crlptlon to fund. IJo< It contains a »»>c-
tlon of Ft< M'» belt an.l most r»presen:a- 5
-■ Uve woYks and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble ■ contribution <tf ( k,.
'. worl'l'i> srre.itent artists (his \, W cAuld not
have been manufarture<l for less than 17
The Fund created I* dlvt.le-l equally b«l
tween th* family or the late Kuxene'KlfU
and the Fund for the bulldlnic 'a monu-
ment to the memory of th« beloved pc«t
of childhood. Addrrsa
EUGENE FIELD KOSUMENT SOCVE '13. FD.ti
ISO Monroe St.. Chi.u^ >. '
(Also at Book Stores.)
It you also wish to send postage, ancloa*
;■' cents. __^^_______
Mention this Journal. a« Air, la Inserted as cur
Contribution.
,
COKE! COKE!
P. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Ccka.
OFFICE m FOLSOU ST.