VOLUME LXXXVr-NO. 160.
SPLENDID VICTORY 15 ASSURED TOR HORACE DAVIS
Mighty Ovation to His Candidacy
at the Closing Meeting in
Metropolitan Temple.
REPUBLICANS signalized the close
of the campaign by a magnificent
demonstration last night at Met
ropolitan Temple. Within the
four vra!ls of that groat structure
many orators have charmed their hearers
In days gone by ar.d many audiences have
applauded the sentiments enunciated from
Its platform, but never within the mem
ory of man has there been held there,
even during this enthusiastic campaign,
such a splendid audience; never have the
walls reverberated with such soul->-tirring
speech, and never have the rafters rolled
Lack such groat waves of applause.
It was a treat to ■■■ one of the thou
fsnus That had the good fortune to gain
admittance. All classes were there ap
parently, judging from the responses to
the appears of the speakers, and— good
omen for Republican success and un
doubted proof of prosperity under the
present Republican administration— all
classes were •ill dressed and cheerful
looking.
There was a feeling of satisfaction in
the air, manifested time and time again
before the mooting began in cheers and
loud handclapping, for no other cause
apparently save than that thoss present
felt good over something and wanted to
let their fellows know it.
A large number of ladles lent color and
beauty to the mass and gave proof that
the issues in this campaign have been
disc-;- ■ in the homes of the city and
have found approval there. The seating
capacity of floor and galleries was ail
taken up before the band came in from
the street to gain applause and Increase
the general cheerful feeling with the air
"Because 1 Love You," which the audi
ence evidently thought applied to the Re
publican leader for they cheered more and
more lustily.
In addition to the general cheerful feel
ing there was maniteat on the faces of
voters a look of confidence, which was in
creased when the candidates speakers
und others riled on the platform and
look their seals. They were a fine-look-;
Ing lot and there is .small wonder they
have inspired contidence in the voters.
2t was noticeable, too, that the profes
sional politician was absent and that in
Ills place were Republicans to whom the
entire city always takes off its hat. Ex-
Chief of Police Patrick Crowley was one
of these. Judge Charles W. Slack was
another and Judge Van H. Paterson an
other. They are not stump speakers.
They did not go to the meeting to rant
and throw their hands in the air. They
went to approve by their presence the
candidacy of Horace Davis and his fel
lows on the Republican ticket.
In the chairman of the meeting, Frank
3S^ii, was another tigure unfamiliar to
the audiences who know a politician as
far as they can see him. lie was there
us a representative of the working classes
t,{ San Francisco to add his meed of
tribute to the goodness of heart ana ster
ling worth of Horace Davis, who, he con
lldently predicted, would be elected to-day.
Another worKingman. James K. Murphy,
who had once been in the employ of Mr.
l>avis. was also there Vj add his heart
lilt testimuny to that of many that his
"old boss" was always. the friend of the
laboring man.
Small wonder, then, with such an audi
ence, such speakers and such an occasion,
the close of the Republican campaign in
Fan Francisco was a brilliant one; small
■wonder that the orators were at their,
best; that the applause was so spontan
eous and that the one cry as the meeting
dispersed was. "Victory." All of them.
speakers, candidates and auditors, will be
out bright and early'this morning working
for the success of the ticket. With the
shoutings of the captains still ringing in
their ears the issue can never be doubtful.
First add Metropolitan meeting— Alfred
Alfred Bouvier, chairman of the Repub
lican campaign committee, opened the
meeting. He said: "Ladies and gentle
men, it is indeed a pleasure as well as an
honor to have the .privilege of opening so
magnificent a meeting as this. There has
never been a campaign in the city of San
Francisco where the interests of the
Workingmen have been so much at stake
us in the present one. It is therefore
more fitting that the gentleman selected
to preside over this meeting be selected
from that great body of Industrial work
ers, whom, to quote the words of Mr. Hor
nce Davis, spoken by him in the. ills of
Congress, 'form the very cornerstone of a
free republic' The gentleman selected to
jireside over you this evening is a crafts
man who has carved his own position
v.ith his own hands by his own hard
•work. Ladies and gentlemen, I introduce
t<> you Mr. Frank Ryan."
Cheer on cheer followed the introduction
of Mr. Ryan, and more followed as the
figure of "Horace Davis came into view.
The vast audience fairly went wild. Men
nnd women on the floor, in the galleries
end on the platform rose, wildly shaking
),ats and handkerchiefs and yelling them
eelvee hoarse in acclaim to the next
Mayor of San Francisco. Mr. Davis' face
broke Into smiles at this flattering recep
tion and he bowed right and left as he
took his seat next to that of the chair
man.
It was many second? before tn« ap
plause that greeted the appearance of the
lioftd of the Republican .ticket subsided
nnd Mr. Ryan's voice could be heard In
the opening remarks.
Mr. Ryan was a new speaker— as he said
himself, he had never addressed a politi
cal meeting before, but he had not uttered
a dozen words until he had made a dis
tinct hit with all his hearers. Straight
from the heart came his words, ringing 1
with honest manliness, • -• •■■ing to the*
truth of the tribute he raid at the feet
of the Republican candidate for Mayor.
"I am pleased to have been selected," he
paid. "as a representative of the working
classes to preside over this meeting. I
&m a workinsman, and this is the first po
litical meeting I over Kpoko at in my
life."
"You're all risrht." rang nut a voice from
th« pnllerv. '.'You're all right," was
echoed and re-echoed by the big throng.
nnd Mr. Ryan's maiden speech was again
Intorrupted by resounding applause.
"I hav< been thirty-flve years in San
Frnnci?™," continued Mr. Ryan, "and I
never was a politician; r.rver took an In
terest or lORt an hour's rest 5n any polit
ical campaign; hut. somehow or other,
this campaign stirred me up."
"Rah! rah! raX" phouted the audience.
"G<l it. you're a!) right."
"I came here- to-night." wp-nt on Ryan,
"on the one condition that I* was not to
make a speech. 1 simply came to wpress
my fee-lings toward the Hon. Horace
Davis, our next Mayor." ■
Applause in pre;i; waves broke over the
orator at this mention of the name of the
Republican candidate, and It was a full
minute before Mr. Ryan could nroceod
"I came hero." he repeated, "to express
my feelings toward tho Hon. Horace
Davis, and I hopo and feel • that every
workinpman takes the same Interest" in
him to-day as I do."
Again the walls shook with shouts and
th" nir was thick with waving: hands and
hats, and again Mr. Ryan was compelled
to stop in the middle of hi a address. When
he was again allowed to proceed he told
n story, often punctuated by hearty hand
clapping, showing the kindness of heart
of the Republican candidate for Mayor
and hit? constant readiness to extend a
helping hand to the work!nn-mr-n In and
out of a .lob. Hfl pave as an Illustration
of this well-known trait of Mr. Davis the
Etorv of his own experience.
"That," he concluded, "Is why I came
here to express my feelings on br-half of
Horace Davis, whom I know is going to
be the next Mayor of Bon Francisco.
i
The San Francisco Call
There is no doubt about it. I have been i
a!l around town to-day, ar.d I have found
lots of people who voted tor Pheian last
: ■ ■■: who are not going to vote for Pheiau
ihis year."
Three cheers for Horace Davis and !
throe more for* Ryan greeted this happy
I conclusion, marking the. maiden speech of I
! the representative of the working classes j
ol San Francisco. No more tolling politi- !
: cal address liu.s been made before any i
audienco . i ring the campaign.
Crlts of "Van Duzer! van Duzer!" were i
: hoard, and In response Judge A. P. Van i
Duzer came forward, He said that it I
was not the thunder that splits the oak j
i and crushes tne rock, but that it was the '
; lightning. "Then, 1 say," said Mr. Van !
i Duzer, "it Id .. >■■ th« orator that will j
] bring about a Republican victory. Ail '
; the orators this side of kingdom come '
i cannot accomplish as much good as sin- !
cere work on election day by the friends ■
; of Horace Davis.
j "To-day the manager of Honorable ■
: James G. Maguire told mo that last year ;
; i'helan iraue'i .off the 'Little Giant' of
: Democracy that Phelan's ambition might i
;be gratified. At the city election this
man said, 'We propose to pay up our j
s-curc with Mr. Pheian with compound in- I
tereat. 1
"When Pheian says that Mr. Davis will
not carry out the provisions of the char- '
ier he utters an infamous slander and he i
knows it to be such. This demagogy is
unworthy of any man who aspires to be ;
Mayor of this big city."
Great applause greeted the speaker as
he retired. District Attorney Murphy fol !
lowed. lie Insisted that national politics
was involved in the city election, for the '
reason that the country is on the eve of a !
Presidential election and that it is the ■
duty of every section thai has benefited i
by the Republican administration to up- '■
hold the hand of McKinley. !
"As California goes so may. go the
Union,.: said the speaker. "This State i
rightfully belongs In the Republican col- '
umn. (Applause). Mr. Davis is tne arnii- :
tect of his own fortune. tie was not born
with a golden spoon in his mouth. That !
Mr. Pheian was Is not against him; it Is '
merely his good luck. "With all the ridi- I
cule and vituperation that has been
heaped apon Mr. Davis by a subsidized
pre.s» none has had the hardihood to |
question his honesty and Integrity He
is president of the Lick School, an Insti- j
tution that has done more for the youth
Of Mils city than any other in San Fran- '
Cisco. What more do the people of this
city want than such a candidate as Hor- !
ace Davis? He is pure. His home life- is :
pure. (Applause.) He Is Pheian's peer i
from a moral standpoint as well as Intel
lectually. . (Great cheering.; if you want
good government vote the Republican
ticket from head to foot."
Judge Murphy in closing made an ap- ;
peal to the voters to cast their ballots for
Alfred Black for District Attorney. He :
said that during the twelve years he had
occupied a seat on the Superior bench i
Mr. Byin^ton, the Democratic candidate
had never appeared in his courtroom to
try a case.
"Let me tell you, fellow-citizens, that
the District Attorney's office is not a'
kindergarten to teach inexperienced law
yers crimi'.a! law," said Judge Murphy.
I. Golden, a young orator, asserted that
the charter was not an issue in the cam
paign. "The candidates might as well say
that they -would support the constitution
of the United States as to uphold tne pro
visions of the charter. Both are the laws
of the land, and a man would be a traitor
to his country who would not obey their
provisions," said Golden.
The Knickerbocker quartet made a hit
with a parody on a popular air, the re
frain of winch was "Gnod-by," Jimmy
good-by; your tricks are vain, your ways
are dark." "
Judge A. B. Hunt, Registrar of the
United States Land Office, made a brief
speech replete with humor. He said that
if the audience was an indication of *"he
sentiment of the city Horace Davis would
be the next Mayor of San Francisco
Judge Van R. Paterson, the next sneak
er, said that if Republicans are loyal to
their duty to-day there can be but one
result— victory— for the entire Republican
ticket, from top to -bottom; and not only
that, but It will be a vote of confidence ■
in and a vote of cheer to honorf-d end ;
beloved President "William McKinley No
Republican, he continued, knowing the
record of the Republican party, and view- :
ing the splendid achievements' of the pies- :
ent Republican administration, could vote !
for the nominee of the Democratic party :
in preference to the nominee of his own
party, especially when that nominee **as :
such a genuine man, physically, mentally i
morally, as Horace Davis. He closed by 1
stating thai there was no doubt of the !
ability of Mr. Davis to till the office, and !
he promised for the Republican candl- j
date, if elected, a perfect administration
of municipal and school departments
Judge Paterson dwelt on the record of ,
Mr. Davis In the halls of Congress, and
from it added to the testimony already I
off*.- red of the well-known fact that Mr.
Davis was the sterling friend of labor.
Judge Faterson called attention to. the
remarkable change of attitude on the part
of James D. Phelan since the last visit
of William J. Bryan. Then, he said, Mr.
Phflan was willing thai the people should 1
hear of national issues. Now it is differ- 1
ANNOUNCER BILLY JORDAN: Gentlemen, please stop smoking; the next will be the event of the season.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
CLOSING OUTBURST OF ENTHUSIASM FOR HORACE DAVIS.
HORACE DAVIS INDORSED
BY THE STURDY LABORER
* ""^ DTTOR of The Call: As a -worklneman who apprecla'ep fully the favors that have been extended t" the craft, T am
H forced, in justice to myself and my fellow laborers, to draw a comparison between Hon. Horace Davis and Mayor
James D. Phelan. Which of the two has proven himself the friend of the laboring man? One P. H. McCarthy,
pay or promise of patronage, has appended hi«< name to a statement in which It la claimed that. Mayor
Phelan if. practically the only friend the wage earner has ever had In an official position. It is a fact that Mr.
Phelan has passed off on the unsuspecting worklnjrmen several beautifully pllded bricks. It Is a fact, on the
oth^r hand, that when the workinemen needed a friend In the halls of Congress Horace Davis was there. When the
Chinese exclusion act was In the balance, he did not wait to consult his own interests, but appreciating the dangers that
were threatened if the immigration of coolie labor was not checked, he stood by the worklngman, and at the expense of
losing a lucrative trade with Cnina. cast his vote on our side of thp question. The effect that this mipht have on his
income did not influence the Republican candidate for Mayor. He thought only of the American workingmen who de
pended upon their daily labor for their bread, and he made his fight in favor of the exclusion act solely because he
thought it would benefit them.
Here is a man who stood by labor when It needed a friend. Here Is a man who has always stood by the wag;>
earner. It is our duty in this campaign to show our appreciation for what he has dune for us by casting our vote for
him for Mayor of San Francisco. There Is not » laboring man In this city who has a grain of gratitude In his make
up -who can conscientiously do anything else. Horace Davis has made sacrifices for us and we should consider it a priv
be given this opportunity of showing In a small way our appreciation The manner in which Horace Davis has
his own employes gives the b<st idea of the man. The manner In which his employes speak of him and think of
him and feel toward him is one of his strongest recommendations to the voters of San Francisco. The man who has
earned the love and respect of his employes can safely be trusted to administer the duties of the Mayor's office.
This Is one picture; now look upon the other. Mr. Pheian's friends claim that he is the laboring man's friend be
cause he appointed fifteen workingmen on the charter committee of one hundred— a bare representation to the class of
citizens who compose nearly 90 per cent of the city's population. That appointment was a gold brick. It was done to
throw sand in the eyes of the workingmen. but the little Mayor has underestimated their intelligence. The working
men are not so easily fooled.
On the Board of Freeholders he gave us three out of fifteen. Another gilded package. It was not a fair repre
sentation, and the Mayor knew it.
None of the provisions in the charter for which McCarthy elaJms credit for thp Mayor were Inserted upon Mr.
Pheian's suggestion or through his Influence. The eight-hour day, the rate of compensation to the city laborer and the
Initiative and referendum were put into the charter in deference to a demand made in writing by the labor unions of San
Francisco.
From the manner In -which Mr. Phelan refers to these matters we are led to believe that he looks upon the work
ingmen as suppliants for charity. lie would lead tis to believe that the eight-hour day and the $2 pay provided in tho
■ for that amount of labor was an act of pure benevolence on hi? part. The workingmen do not take kindly to
any such imputation. All that they have ever asked is just treatment and fair recognition. They have received both
at the hands of lion. Horace LMvis. They have been extended neither by Mayor Phelan. It le their duty to stand Dy
their friend. It is their duty to vote for Hon. Horace Davis fur Mayor of San Francisco.
E. L. MALSBARY.
ent. Why? Because Mr. Phelan was
afraid of national issues.
'•The reason," continued Judpe Paterson.
"that Republicans are talking about na
tional Issues in this campaign is that
which led Bryan t>i say at Denver, 'San
Francisco will go Democratic at the next
Htv election, and thai will be the b.^st
indication that California will go Demo
cratic at the next Presidential election.'
It is to present national Issues because
they are a part of the case.
"I say there is a question whether Re
publicans shall be loyal to their princi
ples, loyal to their party, loyal to their
President That "is tne question for you
to answer. Seventy millions of people
will look to you to-morrow to know
whether you. who are nearest the Philip
pines, should look out the Golden Gate
upon the Orient and indorse the policy of
William McKinley, or whether you deny
the rii^'ht of the President to do as he has
done."
James E. Murphy, a workingman, who
appeared at ohe of the meetings last week I
I to testify to. the good deeds of Horace I
Republican Success Will Mean
Continued Commercial and
Industrial Prosperity to City.
Davis, was the next speaker. He had
worked, he said, for eight years for ihe
Republican candidate for Mayor, and he
had come again to testify to the great
ness of heart of "his old boss." His tes
timony was couched in jerky periods, but
It brought out round after round of ap
plause.
Another selection by the Knickerbocker
Quartet, and F. H. Wheeler was in
troduced. He remarked that there were
a good many kinds of Democrats -
gold Democrats, silver Democrats, ex
pansion Democrats, anti-expansion Dgm
ocrais, and the Phelan appointees,
lan that there was only one kind of a
Republican and he stood .solid for 11
Davis for Mayor of San Francisco. H>'
said Phelan's idea of the campaign was,
"M< or not me."
At the close of Mr. Wheeler's address
there were cries for Horace Davis, ai
though the Republican candidate was not
• xpected to speak, the audience insisted
upon hearing him. Cheer after
greeted him. For fully fifteeen minutes
the temple fairly shook with the applause
that greeted Hon. Horace Davis. When he
stepped to the front of the platform the
audience stood up And shouted. Men
threw their hats in the air and the women
waved their handkerchiefs. No candidate
for public office In this city ever received
such an ovation, and Mr. Davis was vis
ibly affected by the feeling that was man
ifested toward him. When his voice could
be heard above the din he said:
"I can tell you that I fee! much encour
aged at the outlook—" The speaker had
to stop. The applause broke dut afresh
at the announcement and the audience re
fused to subdue Its enthusiasm for some
minutes. Continuing, Mr. Davis stated
that wherever he had been his reception
had been gratifying.
"I am perfectly satisfied," said Mr.
Davis, "that we will tarry the day to
morrow. It Is only a question of ma
jority. I am not an oversanguine man,
but that is my honest opinion to-niKht.
1 ask you to vote the Republican ticket
straight, without a scratch. It is the best
ticket ever presented for the suffrages
of the voters of this city. It was se
lected with the greatest care, and if
elected it is going to give you good gov
ernment; It is pledged to do it by the
traditions of our party. It has always
been In the front ranks of progress, re
form ami advancement. The Republican
States are those where the public schools
are the thickest and most advanced.
"I do not <are about the vilification
that has been directed against me. (Pro
longed applause.) Democratic pa
cannot hurt mo; they cannot stop me
from talking to you. They have done me
good. Scores of Democrats have told me
that they are going to vote the Repub
lican ticket tor no other reason than the
vile abuse that the Democratic papers
have aimed at us. In closing, let me as
sure you that I expect to be elected
Mayor of San Francisco at to-morro\v's
■ n."
E. Myron Wolf and Frank J. Symmes
spoke briefly and Hon. F. X. Schoon
maker was introduced. He was given a
hearty reception. He said that he had
been advised by his friends to wave the
American flag when h* spoke.
"Let me tell you that we have waved
the American flag at every meeting we
nave held during this campaign. But
bear In mind that our opponent has not
even once referred to the stars and
stripes."
Mr. Schoonmaker spoke on the import
ant bearing the city election would have
on the national campaign. For fully an
hour he held the attention of the audi
ence. It was nearly midnight when the
meeting closed with three' rousing cheers
for Davis and the Republican ticket.
San Diego Indorsed Wheeler
The San DlegO chamber of Commerce
has joined all the other commercial bodies
on the Pacific Coast in indorsement of \Y.
R. Wheeler for Interstate Commerce
Commissioner. The following letter ha»
been received by Wakefleld Baker, presi
dent of the Pa~i:i<' ('cast Jobbers' ana
Manufacturers' Association:
PAN DIEGO. Not. 3. iwi.
Pear Pir: At a regular meeting .if ttv
of directors of the San IMeKO Chamber of
merce, held tilla 'lay. William R. Wheeler w:i.«
Indorsed for th* vacancy on the Interstate COm
• Commission. A telegram way sent to
Washinet'.n notlfylne the resident of the in
dorsement. H. r\ WOOD. Secretary.
PRINCESS STEPHANIE'S
MARRIAGE PREVENTED
Pope Leo Interferes at the Instance
of the Emperor of
Austria.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
HeraM. Copyrighted. US9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, Nov. 6.— The Austrian Emperor
has asked the Pope to intervene to pre
veni the marriage of Princess Stephanie
tv Count Lonyaf The Pope has accord-
Idngly Instructed the Papal Nuncio at
Brussels to nee that the wedding does
nut take place.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REPUBLICANS anticipate a vic
torious finish of the splendid cam
paign for Horace Davis and mu
nicipal prosperity. All the flashes
in the political sky signal Repub
lican triumph. Boss Rainey, Phejan and
McXab are alarmed and uneasy. Had
they seen the tremendous ovation in be
half of Republican principles a' Metro.
polltan Hall last night their fear and
trembling would be increase :
The adherents of Rainey and Phelan in
the closing hours of th>- campaign are re
s^riing to every despicable expedient
known to bossisrn on the verge of d
There is talk thai Phelan is pouring out
| his wealth to check the tide of public
' sentiment now running so swift and
\ strong in favor of the Republican nomi
j nee. Phelan was visibly nervous and un
easy all day yesterday. Horace Davis
serene and confident of triumph.
Republicans should vote early and then
' devote the rest of the day Id the cause of
bringing out the full Republican strength
of San Francisco. The future commer
cial prosperity of the city will be affected
'by the election to-day. Democratic vic
tory will be followed by a loss of commer
cial prestige and industrial stability.
Republicans should scorn ail overtures
\ to vote for any nominee on the Demo
cratic ticket. The place-hunters, who
manipulated the Democratic convention
i through the agency of the Committee of
* One Hundred, are willing to sacrifice the
i Democratic ticket in order to secure the
i success of Phelan, Lane and Dodge. The
plan for Republicans to pursue is to
• voie the straight Republican ticket.
RUMORS OF THE SACK
ON THE WATER FRONT
Rumors were rife yesterday that the
Phelan sack was wide open on the city
frunt. Ever since the campaign opened
the Democratic shouters have been trying
to deceive themselves into believing that
I'ht-lan had a lead pipe cinch along the
wharves and could win bands down. As
the campaign progressed, however, and
Horace .Davis, in his m went
among the throngs and met with hi arty
receptions the wise men of the Fhelan
camp concluded that they had handed
themselves a gold brick long enough. The
Be throngs," "enthusiastic longshore
men," "great masses of workingmen over
look their dinners to hear Mayor ± J helan"
looked all right in print, but tl
fact, "Davis is winning the votes on the
city front," like Banquo's ghost that
would not down, was forever hauntii
sensible thinkers among the 1
The situation demanded prompt action,
and a hasty consultation at th>- la^t hour
resulted in the selection of a party motto
for the Democracy without a platform—
"Gold bricks are cheap, but it takes mon
ey to buy whisky and water front votes,
too." Five dollars pi-r \ole is none too
high, and to-night In the vicinity of Fol
pom and East streets there will be more
"stew bums" and "can-canners," who
were fortunate enough t'> register, in pos
session of Democratic money than at any
time since the drays when the < em<
yielded their pro rata of the silent vote of
San Francisco.
But the question is: In these, the days
of the secret ballot, will the goods be de
livered?
MALODOROUS BOUQUETS
FOR A CANDIDATE
It is a safe bet that John Justus, inde
pendent candidate for Sheriff, will no
longer run on any ticket, particularly the
"lonesome" Independent one, until such
useful articles 01 commerce as hen-fruit
and tomatoes have passed out of exist
ence.
John pursued the peaceful and compara
tively iiiK > • ipatlon of a cobbler,
till fired with dr< ams of future gr< ■
he determined to cast himself into the
political arena.
The scene ol Mi labors as cobbler was
918% Eighth street. The Bcene of his
maiden speech \\;>s In front of his busi
ness bouse. Durin- the hours of daylight
g his neigh
brogans, prepared a bonfire and rostrum
• his emporium, sustained in his task
by his lofty Ideal.
Night fell, and with it his hopes. Proud
ly "he mounted his Improvised rostrum.
The bonfire \»;is rather uncomfortably
in ar the orator, bin i his only . »■'
agiiity to h was a fine
effort, all th< old and tried fanej i
for mechanics were set throughout it.
plentifully as nails in one of the speaker's
"chef dL'oeut res."
The" excitement, the crowd and John's
eloquence Increased, if'- had reached his
peroration. When — whizz! Visions of op
position bombs flashed through John's
mind. But it was only an egg. But not a
youthful or a weak egg. It was an expe
rienced egg, an egg that had lived— a blase
egfr. It ended its career on John's bosom.
It was the beginning of the end. Five sec
onds later John fell, overpowered by a
storm of eggs of which he was the center.
A policeman sauntering by ventured to in
vestigate. John was helped to his feet and
led into his emporium, a good impression
ist model of a California sunset.
TO-DAY'S ELECTION.
Registrar Will Announce Complete
Vote To-Morrow.
Final preparations for the election to
day were made yesterday by the Election
Commissioners. Registrar Steppacher
was instructed to send out his deputies
to the various pollii - very hour
during the day and • nforce all regulations
ssary to insure an honest election.
After the close "f the polls a a
of deputies will watch the counting
ballots. The count will be telephoned to
i the Registrar's, office every hour during
j its progress. The city has been divided
; into districts, each with an independent
telephone. The vote for the principal of
flcers will be tabulated immediately, and
it is expected that t lie successful candi
dates will be announced before l o'clock
to-morrow morning. The complete vote
for all the offices will, if no unexpected
delay occurs, bo given out before 8 o'clock
Wednesday evening.
NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
Establishment of the Government at
Washington Commemorated.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— ln accordance
with an act to provide fur an appropriate
national celebration of the establishment
of the scat of government in the District
of Columbia, approved February 2S. 1891),
the President to-day appointed the Gov
ernors of all the State? of the Union as
members of a committee from the country
at large, to act with the committee to be
appointed by the two houses of Con
gress and the committee appointed from
the citizens of the District of Columbia,
to "prepare plans for an appropriate na
tional celebration in the year 1900 of the
first session in the District and the estab
lishment of the seat of government there
in."
NO DOUBT AS TO IOWA.
DES MOINES, lowa, Nov. 6.— Every
thing is in readiness for the battle of the2
PHELAN SEES HIS FINISH
[ow a
■
-
■
:
party '
ifoli
■ ■
-
■
BETTING TWO TO
ONE ON CLARK
Confidence of Sacra
merto Republicans.
« ..
■
■
■
ndoni
■
■
. bj a
■
■
he lias
• ' l •*•■•
over- !
■
■
ARCH-ENEMY OF FREE EDUCATION
IS PHELAN'S STRONG BACKER
■
H6 £S ILUHIAN A. S. HALLIDIE, the arch enemy of free education
6 and the foe of civilization, came out last evening in Phelan's
? organettc, protesting against foisting national or party politics into
S5 ■ .:. Ipal elections.
The last protest Hallidie uttered before the one recorded yes
« terday was against free education at the State University. He
wanted to impose or. the students a tuition fee. He worked with
■ desperai I levy the tax. The Regents had to rally to prevent
m wrecking the university. This is the type of man that
2 opposes Hoi-ace Davis.
At the session of the Regents July 1, 1898, Hallidie openly
■ advocated the tax. Why did he propose to overthrow the law pro
a viding that educition should be free to allP The Call tells the
£ people of San Francisco that Hnllidie's management of the flnan-
B lal rltairs of the university caused a deficit, and to bridge over the
■ financial embarrassment he proposed to levy a tax on every stu
f| dent applying for admission to the university. Hallidie would tax
£ pupils'entering the public schools as readily as he would tax them
O for entering the university.
? He declared in the Board of Regents that education was a
9 privileg-3, not a right. His declaration astounded the friends of free
g education. Regents seeing the peril of the university were brought
from 'the interior and Southern California to defeat Hallidie's de-
El
n sig-n.
The voice of Stephen M. White was raised to save the univer
ii sity. The students and the friends of free education routed Silurian
Hallidie, and he was not heard from again until he came out for
5 Phelan last evening.
? Let voters of San Francisco who have sons and daughters to
3 educate remember that A. S. Hallidie opposes Horace Davis.
Hallidie favors Phelan and a tax on education.
TEN INJURED BY A
FALLING ELEVATOR
Cable Attached to the Car Gave Way, ;
and After It Fell the Weights
Dropped as Well.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. C— The elevator
in'the Phoenix building, one of the largest
structure* in the city, fell five stories this
afwnoun when illled with passengers.
Ten persons were injured, several of them
Injured are: C. B. Trafton. 1- Arm
«tronir Garvev Donaldson; .J. 11. lai
madge Fr.. \V. 11., PSao<\. Arthur Freden
burg Edwin dh*t; Charles B. Murrain,
J. K. Talmadge Jr. and an unknown
woman. ••..-■•- . _,*.
The causa of the accident was the giving
way of the cable attached to the car
and when the car dropped ,th«,-- heavy
weights dotscheel from their fastenings, at
tho eleventh. Lory and fell on It. crushing
the occupants of the cage in the basement.
The most sevtre injuries are broken legs
and it is thought all the victim!? will re
cover. , • -. .-• ■/. ;
HUNTERS PROPOSE
TO TEST GAME LAWS
Combat the Validity of an Ordinaries
Passed by Stanislaus Board
of Supervisors.
NEWMAN, Nov. S. —The Board of Su- I
pervisors of Stanislaus". County recently
passed an ordinance prohibiting the- ship
ment, of gumo from the county. To-day
J. M. Knapp, a market hunter, tendered J
jonic ducks to \VeHs-Farf;o for shipment \
and was promptly arrested by Game Com
missioner ■..-.■':. He was given a (
hearing before Judge Smith at 2 p. in. to- |
day ondSplcaded guilty. Upon refusal to j
pay a fine of $20 lie- was ordered commit
ted to the county Jail at Modesto for
twenty days. The Hunters' Union pro
puses to t»st the validity of the ordinance,
and V. <J. Frfcst of Merced; its attorney,
will BUS for a writ of habeas corpus be
fore Judge Minor on the ground that j
Knapp Is Illegally restrained of bis lib- I
erty, and Bhould he not be ■ • rated the
matter will be taken at once to the Su
preme Court.
Thjs is' in the. nature of a test case, and
no further shipments of (fame will be
made from this county until the matter
is finally decided.
Pioneer Pritchett Dks.
MARfSVILLE, N ' b Prltch
nt of the Smartsville
ed in this city last night. The
yin b( sent to the old home of the
In Tlmbuctoo.
A CARD.
Still Out for Tax Collector.
To my friend* and the public: A state
ment has been made that I am not eli
gible to the office of Tax Collector. - In
answer to the same I wish to say that 1
am riot only eligible", but was born and
reared in Ban Francisco and have also,
been an elector of this city. for .nearly;
fifteen years. JOSEPH H. SCOTT,
Aicu. Candidate for Tax Collector.
MARK
Your
BALLOT
REPUBLICAN TICKET. I DEMOCRATIC TICKET, | PE0?LE S PARTY
i I TICKET.
___ I §
For Mayor, X/ S For Mayor. | m For Mayor, 8
For Mayor, V* For Mayor. 'f, -por Mayor
HORACE /'AVIS. xx If JAMES D. PHELAN. ' . § ""'.." |g C. D. CLEVELAND. |
For- Auditor. V |j For Auditor, : S $ For Auditor, ■
ASA K. WELLS. S ' JOSEPH M.CUMM1NG. J || NO NOMINATION. J.. ',.'.;...;
For Assess xx " For Assessor, a I For Assessor, 1
ALBERT HEYER. xX. | WASHINGTON DODGE. | • p* .- NO NOMINATION, |
For City Attorney, V 1 For City Attorney* J N . For City Attorney, i
CHARLES H. JACKSON. J xx | FRANKLIN x_. LANE. g |_ ' NO NOMINATION, S
. For Sheriff, Y ll For Sheriff,- I I "For Sheriff,'
JOHN LACKMANN. /x £§ JEREMIAH DEASY. | g NO NOMINATION. •
For Tax Collector. x/ §_ For Tax Collector, 6 E For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT. XX M RICHARD P. DOOLAN. | £> :- NO NOMINATION. -
Place the X in the right hand square against the name of every candidate for whom you
desire to vote. Remember IT IS NOT P< >SSIBLE to vote a straight ticket by simply placing a
cross at the head of the column.
He sure you vote for EIGHTEEN SUPERVISORS. Under the new charter the number
has been increased from twelve to eighteen.
You are entitled to vote to-day:
If you registered at the last general election held last year and have NOT CHANGED
YOUR RESIDENCE since then.
If yon REGISTERED SPECIALLY for the election to be held to-day.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Supreme Court Makes an Important
Ruling in the Mill Valley ■
Land Case.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The Supreme
Court in the case of Gardner vs. Bone
ptell refused to grant Bonestell's motion
to dismiss the writ of error for want of
jurisdiction and ordered the case heard
on its merits. The case is one Involving
valuable business and residence property
in Mill Valley, Marln County, and the
main nutation before the -court is one of
jurisdiction, as to whether it is a federal
or a local question- By its action to-day
the court practically sustains Gardner's
contention that the Federal Courts alone
have jurisdiction, George W. MonteUh
of San Francisco appeared as attorney
for Gardner. •
IP. A. Thackara was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Browns, Slskiyou County.
■ Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retn.ryvof '.War. Captain John Duval. com
missary of -subsistence, upon completion
of the duty assigned to him by the.com
manding general of the Department of
California, will-proceed to the Philippine
Islands.'.. r - •■ • •
" The. following named enlisted. men will
be 'discharged from;. the- service of the
United. 'States: Recruits— John Dunsmore
of ■ " Twenty-first Inrantry, Edward
( r; i>.-.ik of *the Forty-third Infantry and
Krlwani Hewitt, general service. Presidio
yf 'San -Francisco. •,
' T^^iitenant | Colonel Arthur L. Wagner,
assistant adjutant general, on completion
of the duty assigned to him by the com
manding general of the Department of
California, will proceed to the Philippine
Islands.
Private Gustavus J. Hasson of the Third
Artillery, Presidio of San Francisco, will
be discharged from the service of the
United States.
Recruit Pierce L.. Stover of the Forty
second Infantry, Presidio of California,
having enlisted under .false pretense, will
be discharged without honor from the
service of the United States.
Pensfbns for Calif ornians: Original—
Henry Pat ton, Spanish Ranch, $8; "Wil
liam Mang, Sacramento, $6; special, Oc
tober 25, Ira G. Wing. Cheerokee, $8;
Frank Coulee. Daunt. ?S; Nell Martin,
Madera, $6; Louis Boucha, Woodbridge,
%f>. Increase— Joseph S. Gage, San Jose,
$15 to $30. Original widows, etc.— Lanlnla
Fletcher (mother), San Francisco, $12.
Oregon— Original— Leonard Siiull. Med
fonl. ><i. Increase — John Thompson,
Champoeg. |6 to $10.
Washington — Original —Joseph Smith,
Kalama, $8. Original widow— Harriet R.
Handy, Seattle, *8.
Petitions Against Roberts.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. B.— The pastors
of the churches of this city will n< xi
Sunday morning ask their congregation's
fur an expression on the expulsion from
pongretia of B. H. Roberts, Congressman
elect from Utah. At the meeting of the
Indianapolis Ministerial Association in
tho parlors of the Merldan street Meth
odist Church to-day a resolution v i
unanimously adopted to this eff< ct. Each
church will have one or r.}<<v of the peti
tions to the Congress for Roberts' ex
pulsion, and persona who attend will be
asked to attach their signatures.
. ♦ . _
Dr. 11. Beverly Cole for Coroner. Dem. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
WITH X AT THE SIGHT
OF EACH NAME VOTED
UNITED STATES
HOLDS TUTUILA
Agreement Reached in
Samoan Question.
Dlspat h to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Although the exact
i terms of the agreement are still carefully
i guarded, the Associated Press is able to
[ say that the Samoan question is practical
ly settled, and that the finalities will take
' place wltntn a few days, unless some most
I unexpected hitch occurs.
But it can be said that American control
'of Tutuila is confirmed- and agreed to,
while the United States has, it is under
stood, signified Its approval of the pro
jected arrangements between Germany
axid. Great Britain. Regarding tho details
of the latter, the British Foreign Office
I remains mute, except to authorize the
I statement that none of the recent sur
j raises of the Gorman press have correctly
| outlined the plan which now seems sure
!of acceptance. It Is also emphatically de
! nied that the United States has been In
: any way neglected in the negotiations.
I It is pointed out that the United States,
1 having secured Tutuila Island, obtained.
i all she expected or desired, but. though
i thoroughly satisfied, she was kept con
i versant with the situation as the negotia
tions proceeded between Great Britain
; and Germany. Last week It was believed
! that an impasse had been reached, and
j the diplomats wore inclined to fear that
j settlement was obtainable In the near
i future. The sudden turn In the negotia
i tions and the overcoming, of the appar
ently insurmountable obstacles created
almost as much surprise as gratification.
Of course it Is still within the limits of
possibility that another and entirely un
expected contingency may arise during
the interim of the drawing up of the
papers and signing them. But there is
every reason to believe that an official
statement will be given out this week an
: nouncing the terms of settlement of this
lone-standing International difficulty.
DEWFY GOES SHOPPING
WITH HIS FIANCEE
On the Street Stops to Chat With a
Little Boy Who Carried an
Admiral's Flag.
NEW YORK. Nov. «. -Admiral Dewey
accompanied Mrs. Mildred Hazen, to
, whom he Is engaged to be married, on a
I shopping tour to-day. While walking on
[ Fifth avenue the admiral saw a little boy
I in charge of a nurse wltn an admiral's
Hag in his hands.
••Hello, " Baid the admiral, "I cannot
pass that HaK." He Bhook. the littlo fel
low by the hand and chatted with him
■ for h few moments.
The admiral and Mrs. Hazen walked to
the Dewey arch. Here the admiral
pointed the figures to Mrs. Hazen and ex
plained their significance. The admiral
was recognized and a crowd collected. He
i was salute. i i'Y a number of persons and
: bowed pleasantly in return to their salu
tations. Admiral Dewey was asked by a
reporter when he would return to Wash
ington.
"I have no plans," replied the admiral.
j "1 shall return to the hotel this evening."
A NEW RAILROAD
ACROSS CONTINENT
Franchise Granted for the Purpose to
the Projectors, U. S. Grant
and Others.
SAN PIKGO, Nov. 6.— At a meeting of
the Common Council to-nipht a railway
franchise, including a right of way 100
feet wide along the Bay of San Dlepo,
was granted to U. S. Grant, George W.
Mar ß ton, George H. Ballou and M. a.
I. uce, four of the city's most influential
residents. The purpose of granting 'he
franchise is to facilitate the construction
of a railway from the Bay of San Dlcgo
to the Colorado River and thence east
ward, to rorm a new transcontinental line.
The grantees of the franchise lave until
January I, 1903, In which to carry out the
undertaking. A line to Salt Lako is the
one that finds most favor here.
«• —
BRIDGE COLLAPSES
UNDER A HEAVY LOAD
I Wagon Drawn by Six Horses Precipi
tated Into Dry Creek and the
Driver Injured.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 6. -Two middle
tiers of the bridge that spans I»ry Creek
on Browns Valley Dobbins road, thirteen
; miles easi of this city, collapsed this fore
noon under the weight of a six-horse
i team attached to a heavy load of shakes
The driver, a ttoung man named Emmet
Gleason, sustained fractures of two ribs
and one of his horses was killed in the
fall. Two others wore badly onppled
The bridge, which is lifteen feet above the
bed of the creek, was built In IS9I.
. ♦ ■
Cast your vote for the whole Repub
lican ticket early in the day and then
see to it that your friends go to the
polls and vote right.
: MARK :
' Your h
ballot;
HOBART CAN NOT
LIVE MUCH LONGER
Vice President Remains in the Best
of Spirits, Notwithstanding His
Condition.
PATERSON, X. J.. Nov. 6.-The condi
tion of Vice President Hobart Is but little
changed. He spent a fairly comfortable
day and slept a good part of the time.
Dr. Newton was asked what he thought
of the chances of Mr. Hobart to survive
during the week, and paid that it was im
possible to make even an intelligent guess
as his patient was liable to die at almost
any minute and might survive for several
weeks, although his recovery was impos
| sible.
He spent a comfortable day and sat up
in bed, propped up by pillows for a long
time. The news of the day was read to
him. but he was not. allowed to enter into
discussion upon it. He made comments
but when he started to speak at- length
upon any subject his attention was at
once turned to something else. He was in
excellent spirits. He saw no one during
the day and sent his regrets to callers
hen first taken ill Mr. Hobart weighed
something around 200 pounds, ami now he
is down to about 125 pounds. Many -peo
ple., called at the house to-day, among
them General and Mrs. James Longstreet
Mr. and Mrs. Wayne MacVeagh, Colonel
Richard Bright, s.rgeant-at-arms of the
! United States Senate, and Judges Mc-
Kenna of the United States Supreme
ESTERHAZY SENTENCED
FOR SWINDLING
PARIS. Nov. 6.— Major Count EstVr
the reputed author of the bordereau
which brought about the convictlen of
Captain Alfred Deyfus on the charge of
treason, was sentenced to-day by di
on his cousin Christian's charge of
swindling, to three years' Imprisonment
land to pay a fine of fiftj francs. He was
; also ordered to refund the 36,000 francs
[Claimed by Christian. dNLS
San Francisco is a Republican city
and should be under Republican con
trol.
; but with the exception of Officer Hardy,
: whose odly claim to police distinction la
■' that he discovered a stolen pair of trou
sers in a Chinese waslihouse, bi« efforts
have been for naught.
Trustee Kent, in ins mail determina
! tion to defeat Clark, is responsible for
having Policemen Maley and Fisher re
moved from their respective beats. While |
> making his losing li^ht in the Si end |
Ward. Keni discovered Maley and Fisher, i
t.l'ii enjoy the reputation of being twb <>f
I ie cleverest nun In the department, en
i gaged in conversation wiih Frank
Daroux. Suspecting that they were con
: spiring against him Kent furiously drove
! io the Western Hotel and informed Mayor
Land of what ho had seen. To the sur
prise fit the friends of the two policemen
i he Mayor transferred them to other
beats almost remote from the S<
Ward.
On learning of the action of the chief
executive the friends of the two officers
resolved to do all in their power to defeat
Kent, They visited the Second Ward and
made personal appeals to the voters not
| to cast their ballots for Kent, who, they
represented, was nut a fit man to sit as
a member of the Board of Trustees.
Stephens, knowing that ho cannot win,
nai about given up the fight. lie lugu
briously remarked to-day that be would
cany the Ninth Ward, but "had little hope I
of winning out in any other district, fsa
dore Alexander, his chief lieutenant,
-tait.-d out to make a nyrht in the Second
Ward, but after satisfying himself that
it was useless he threw up the sponge.
Bets of two to one are being offered that
Clark will be elected. George McLaugh
lin has bet $200 to $160 with Mayor Land
that the ' Republican candidate would be
elected by over GOO majority. He ha
more to bet at the same odds. James Mc-
Grath, the popular bonlface, has $ I to
bet on Clark at the prevailing odds.
William Alvord, a warm friend of the
Republican candidate, is here from San
Francisco makinj? a strong flfiht for him
Alvord. who was formerly connected with
the State Printing Office, has a host of
friends, who are out for "Gentleman
<jeorge."
Seeks a Beward.
KT-TST-N, Nov. 6.-J. W. Bird, a photog
rapher of Sacramento, is endeavoring to
secure the State reward of $i;m) for giving
the Information that led (to the? arrest and
conviction of Frank Relew. the Dixon
poisoner. Tt will be remembered that Bird
was a brother-in-law to Belew and fur
nished the authorities with information
that led to Belew's arrest. The Board of
Kxamln-rs refused to pay the same Bird
claims he is entitled to the amount and
will take action In regard to the matter
Miles Leaves Seattle
SEATTLE. Nov. 6.-General Nelson A.
Miles left Seattle this afternoon for San
Iraneisco. He will make brief official
visits at Tacoma and Portland.
STRIKERS ARE
DISCHARGED
Navy-Yard Shipwrights
Blacklisted.
Sr*rial Dinratch to The fall.
VALLEJO, Nov. 6.- The fifty-one ship
wrights who quit work in the navy-yard
<-n Friday noon on account of their pay
having been reduced from $1 80 to $4 24 per
day. were to-day formally discharged by
Naval Constructor Frank W. Hibbs, U. S
N.. the cause assigned being "Insubor
dination" and "conduct poor.
This virtually means a blacklist for the
men, and pie. hides them from worklny in.
the navy yard and from registering at the
Naval Hoard of Labor Employment for
one year.
In response to the advertisement In the
San Francisco papers for shipwrights only
three have responded, and when they
were made aware of the situation refused
to work.
It Is rumored to-night that the naval
constructor will to-morrow press Into ser
vlce other tradesmen to work on the !' S
B, Hartford, which is now in the stone
dock undergoing repairs, in order thar she
may be gotten ready for sea immediately
In accordance with the telegraphic in
structions from the Secretary .if the
Navy. If this course is insisted upon no
doubi more men will walk out, refusing
to work while the terms of the ship
wrights ar*> not acceded to. and more dis
charges will follow.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6. -The Assistant
Secretary of the Navy to-. lay received a
dispatch from the commandant at Mare
Island notifying him of a strike of ship
wrights. The commandant says as there
is comparatively little work to be com
pleted at the yard the strike will benefit
Instead of crippling the department.
Will Represent Solano..
STTST'N, Nov. 6.— The following: dole
pates were selected by the Board of Su
pervisors to-day to represent Solano
County at the convention to be held in
Ban Francisco November 14 by the State
association for-the storage of flood waters
! :inrl to discuss moans for the conservation
of water: C. P. Stevons of Benioia Peter ;
Cook of Rio Vista. W. T. Kelley of Val- i
lejo. Supervisor O. A. Bergwall. j. E. Sul
livan. Senator J. .1. Lucbßinger, Assem
blyman Alden Anderson. A number of
others of this county will also be in at
tendance.
Plumas County Bonds.
QUINCY, Nov. 6. — Bids for the sale of
Plumbs County bonds of $35,100 were
opened by the Supervisors to-day. J. S.
Bransfora, representing Mrs. Susan B.
Emery Holmes of Salt Lake, submitted
th« highest bid, $35,520, which is a pre
mim of $430. on the new 4 per cent bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly fifty years
j of constant and painstaking
I endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wie-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
j wholesome beverage for
family use.
Wielands
I Extra Pale
is the " Pasturized," bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St. ■
4>O*O^O4>O^O^O^O*O«O«O<»O«>O*O«>
•ViSHY IS HEALTHFUL! 1 1
♦ Or A Natural Mineral Water % I
* M« with medicinal qualities, O |
o cm For Indigestion and g
q /fpjpt Stomach Disorders, o
\ I imffiL So - called VICHY I
% liisils in SIPHONS %
if VJCHYi
0 laitllli Get the Genuine • o
% meoKisißHKmOTßea ♦
I R|3Bfs3iif ifii %
0 A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent o
♦ O<*O«>O*O<€>O*O<§>O^O'S-O<£'O*'O4'O<*O*
Imf^AAAl ea '' n S' Harmless
P TimAflA i Healing, Harmless
Upf](?n and Efficient.
JL IIIWIPw Positively removes
Pimples and all Skin
fOR TMt Eruptions and pro-
COMPLEXION d ! lees a natural com "
irMMaivn p|«x!on.
TWO TIiVTS Phroso takes the
FLESHY place of P owder and
PHROSO MFC. CO. leaves no oily effects.
oemciA.cn , Sold by a " drug "
1 1 gists. ■
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. I
PR. METERS A CO. bare me larre«t prao- 1
tlce and beat equipped medical institution I
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 rearm, a
i PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at otto* I
:or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco. I
1
KSSDK- BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Mftgf V<m»- Five hundred reward for any
Vr^ *"nD case we cannot cure. This secret
U_ ... —M remedy stops all losses In 24 I
I&rM1 &rM B3) hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
JjTri FttUi tency. Varleocele, Gonorrhoea,
IVyj fc^yi* Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
iJWB_JIK|S! Manhood and all wasting effects
' — 1 - of Belf-abus» or excesses. Sent
sealed, 12 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALLS MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
tct sale at 10734 Market St., S. F. All privau
duea*«a quickly cured. Send for free book.
«»»«•»»• -•--•- ••>••»»« » « ■ * » m *
1 Transcontinental tourists and tray- I '
elers from all over the United States I
! Transcontinental tourists and excel- I
elera from all over the United States
enow their appreciation of the excel-
' lence of the f
{ PALACE ♦
GRAND $
by making these hotels their headquar-
-1 . ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen ' j
hundred rooms. 900 -with baths— largest i
.< and finest in the world. I I
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. } !
f»».....-*--^«»«,., .««»«»»»«
OI rr nnil I I Corner Fourth and
PuFF nUIHL 6 6 m ove a r ooat.
bnll nUIHLg— o^s.-'-si
.'•v. Valtses checked free. ,
POLITICAL.
For CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nomine-.
— , , 1
,:>V FOR SUPERVISOR.
MILO S. JEFFERS,
REPUBLICAN INOMINeE.
FOR SUPERVISOR.
L, J. DWYER,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR .
C. C. O DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
FOR SUrERV(SOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REOULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
POLITICAL^
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Borne
Rule Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor James D. Phelan
I Auditor Joseph M. Camming
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
i City Attorney . . . Franklin K. Lane
; Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
Tax Collector .... Bichard P. Doolan
Treasurer .... Samuel H. Brooks
Recorder Edmund Godchaux
: County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
I District Attorney .Lewis i\ Byington
I Coroner Dr. B. Beverly Cole
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, John E. A. Helms,
I H.U.Branden stein, Thomas Jennings,
P. J. Curtis, W. N. McCarthy,
A. Comte Jr., M. C. McGrath,
I John Connor, A. B. Maguire.
I L. J. Dwyer, Emil Pohli,
\ Dr. A.A. d'Ancona, Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, C. W. Reed,
B. M. Hotaling, Joseph S. Tobin,
POLICE JUDGES.
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Frits.
! Charles T. Conlan, Ed P. Mogan.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
I
FOR MAYOR,
JAMES D. PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
JEREMIAH DEASY
For Sheriff.
A man of Mr. Deasy's firm and
upright character and execu-
tive ability, as demonstrated by
his record as Supervisor, is
needed in the Sheriff's office.
Vote for him.
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
1. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Repnblican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
FOR CITY AND COUNTY TREASURER.
S. H. BROOKS,
DEMOCRATIC N<' MINEE.
(Ex-Assistant U. S. Treasurer.)
FOR POLICE JUDGE,
GEORGE H. CABANISS,
Regular Democratic Nominee.ELECTIONS IN TWELVE STATES TO-DAY
Kentucky Militia to Be Called
Out to Protect Voters From
Intimidation,
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 6.— Governor
Bradley, In his capacity as com
mander In chief of the State Na
tional Guard, is the central figure
In the political situation to-night.
The Governor believes the situation to be
60 serious that he would not go to his
home at Lancaster, only about 100 miles
from Louisville, to cast his vote to-mor
row. A report was current to-night that
all of the companies of the Ixiulsville Le
gion, the local militia organization, had
been ordered to report for duty at 6
o'clock to-morrow morning. The report
could not be confirmed, and there was no
unusual activity among members of the
regiment, but the rumor is given signifi
cance from the fact that Governor Brad
ley positively refused to confirm or deny
it or to say what his plans were beyond
an expression contained In a letter which
he made public to-night. The Governor
•was expected to address a meeting at the
Auditorium to-night, but changed his
mind, giving out the following In expla
nation for his refusal to attend:
Hon. A. B. Watson— My Dear Sir: In view
of the Intense public excitement now preva.il-
Ihg ■■, this cat., and the fact that nunvorous
atridavits of good citizens have been tiled with
me bhowing- that theie is grave danger of riot
and -.-,-. ... that citizens will be pre
vented by force and fraud from exercising their
right of FUft'rate In this city to-morrow, and
In view of the further tact that 1 have been
called upon to act as chief peace officer of the
commonwealth, I have concluded that It wou:d
be Improper lor me to deliver an address Ibis
event ns.
I will thank you to assure those who may
kindly honor me by their presence that I will
remain In the city and see that every voter,
irrespective of political opinion, is protected in
his right to vote and have his vote counted
and the public peace protected at all hazards.
I do not Intend to surround the voUa with
bayonets or Intimidate voters. I do intend that
they shall not be Intimidated and ' '-' act
promptly should necessity artse^ -^let.
The disturbed state of political feeling
In this city was aggravated this evening
by the action of the Board of Election
Commissioners, which Is controlled by
l>emocrats, in removing eighty-seven Re
publican election officers and substituting
for them names submitted by men who,
It Is claimed by the regular Republican
organization, do not represent the party.
While the Commissioners acted within
their technical rights, the removals may j
Le the cause of trouble to-morrow.
The expectation that the Governor will
call out the militia during the day finds
oxpression among men- of, both parties.
The provocation may occur through at- j
tempts of the deposed election officers to [
hold their places or through conflicts with
the police in some of the downtown
wards If the militia is called out it may
result In the closing of the polls by the
local election officers on the ground that
BUSINESS HID
OVER ONE WEEK
BY SUPERVISORS
Politics Shortened the
Meeting.
GAS CONTRACTS POSTPONED
CASH PROVIDED FOR NEW
PATROL DRIVERS.
Street Matters Were Most Important
Taken Up by the Board at Its
Weekly Meeting — Hospital
Plans Itelayed.
Yesterday's meeting of the Board of
-.ipora was the shortest on record.
Politics proved a stronger attraction than
municipal business and the session last
ed Just an hour. Tho most Important
>rs transacted were the numerous
tracts and sewer matters. Gas
racts and the plans for the proposed
and County Hospital went over f>>r
ier week upon the suggestion of the
Mayor. *
The recent action of 'ho board discharg
ing all of the present patrol drivers In
illce Department v.as made good by
nfier transferring $11.-I2t from the po
fun ! to ili" Polce r>epartment
pala: lioh was adopted without
; entlng vote. This means thnt
hereafter the Police Commissioners will
the appointment of their own pa-
Irlvei I they will appoint
zr.^n of efficiency equal to that of tho.se
now on the regular police force.
resolution to pay v.iimby & Har
• actors who are construct-
Ing the Bosworth street tunnel, their first
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j- — TTV f~.ll, . t ■ . t";
v "t~~* -"" . — y
"BETTER LATE
THANJVEVEK"
APPLIES TO Til BE:
usE^rßcPierde^
OoSMen Medical
discovery
Taken early it {will .
CSJRE TSSEXOIfGH
Takbn when She
Lunigsdre affected
ITIWILL CURE
WEAK LUNOS
STOPHEMOfflfflto
AND RESTORE
jSOUMft BODILY I
I HEALTH. I
ITALWAYS HELPS
ir/UM6STAnK«ft HEALS.
the presence of the soldiers prevented a
free expression of popular will. Or If the
pr>lls remain open It may result In action
by the State election officers throwing out
the vote of Jefferson County on the same
ground of military interference. In either
event the counting or throwing 1 out of the
Louisville vote very likely would deter
mine the result of the election.
The campaign closed to-night with large
meetings, which wore addressed by the
State party leaders. The Democrats
crowded Music Hall to listen to the last
speeches of their leaders, William Goebel
and Senator Blackburn, before the elec
tion. The Republicans held a musing
meeting at the auditorium. Each of
the. State chairmen predicts success for
his ticket and in any guess as to the re
sult reliance must be placed upon pure
chance. The vote of the Brown Demo
cratic ticket Is nn unknown quantity and
it if likely to be ;h<? determining factor.
Late to-night the rumor that the Le
gion lias been ordered to report at tne
armor cfe to-morrow morning to
ho ready in case of emergency was con
firmed. Simultaneously came tne an
nouncement that an extra police force of
Colonel J. B. Castleman
lias been sworn In. The city authorities
evidently Intend to stnnd upon the ground
n vase of trouble they are prepar
■• g to ■ ike any necessary measures to
- rye order, and under these eircum
s there can be no occasion for the
calling nut of State troops. Governor
Bradley, It Is reasonably certain, will not
see In this view and a conflict of
;v ;« possible.
BOTH CLAIM MARYLAND.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Nov. 6.— Both par
ties ore ready to go to the polls to-mor
row with the leaders of each assuring
their followers of a certain victory.
Chairman Murray Vandiver of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee asserts
that his party will carry Baltimore City
and twenty out of the twenty-three coun
ties In the State, and General Thomas
J. Shryock, the Republican chairman,
concedes to John Walter Smith, the Dem
ocratic candidate for Governor, nothing
save his own county— Worcester. The
Democratic prediction is for a plurality
approximating 12,009, while the Repub
publican claims are that Governor
I..»wndes will be re-elected by 2000 or 3000
le«s.
Conservative estimates are that the
Democrats will get a plurality of 1200 In
the nine counties on the Eastern Shore
and about the same in Northern-Central
Maryland, which will be overcome proba
bly with several hundred votes to Bpare
by the Republicans in Western and
Southern Maryland, leaving Baltimore
City, with a registered vote of about 110,
--000. as debatable ground. The city elected
a Democratic Mayor last spring* by 8000,
with all the reform elements and city
-*
payment of $1355 was put over for one |
week.
The following street work was ordered:
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re- i
ferred to the Street Committee:
Elizabeth I. Hammond, for permission to lay
a wooden sidewalk In front ot her property on '
the north Bide of Clark street, between Davis i
and L>rumm; Becker & Prauschkolb, for per- !
mission to erect an electric light sign on the
outer edge of the sidewalk In lront of 8 and 10
O'FajTell street; citizens, for the Oiling in of ,
Trocadero Gulch on the line of Nineteenth I
avenue, and for the grading and macadamizing I
of said avenue to Ocean avenue, through the
lands of the Green estate and of the Spring
Valley Water Works; Ann Reynolds, for action
on her petition for the removal of the tracks |
of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
to their proper plaoe on Union street, between I
Hyde and Larkin. and that the company be
cited to appear before the committee an.l show
cause why the petition should not be favorably ,
acted upon; Frank Estate, Incorporated,- for
permission to project bay windows eighteen
Inches over sidewalk at the northeast corner I
of Bush and Stockton streets: E. Camplnl and !
j D. Kuhlmann, for the paving with bitumen of :
I Gordon street, from Harrison northwesterly,
between Eighth and Ninth streets, and placing i
of gas lamp on same; property-owners, for per- I
: mission to perform the work of constructing a
sewer, etc.. In Tilden street, from Castro, 2*l |
feet westerly, agreeing to furnish the
material in accordance with the specifica
tions; Fllnn & Treacy, for the establishment of
the grade on North street, between Twenty
first and Twenty-second; Percy & Hamilton, to
project show windows over building line Fix
inches at 32 and 34 Geary street and to place !
bay windows in rear of building on Union j
Square avenue; San Francisco Paving Com
pany, for permission to remove basalt blocks j
from roadway of Sansome street, between Cali
fornia and Pine, and rt-pave with bitumen by
private contract; Standard Oil Company, for I
the privilege of making a road between Berry |
and Channel street, part on the street and part :
on the sidewalk, at their own expense; prop- !
erty-owners, for the retention of the gas lamp j
on Pierce street, between Haight and Page; I
Pacific Refining and Roofing Company, for a
reconsideration of the questions Involved in the !
resolutions directing the Superintendent of I
Streets to remove all buildings, etc., that ob
struct the roadway of Michigan street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third; Joseph Har
| ney. for permission on behalf of property
i owners to lay on eight-inch sewer in Cuvler
I street, between the Southern Pacific Railroad
! and Bos worth street, by private contract;
I Union Paving and Contracting Company, for
1 permission on behalf of property-owners to
construct cesspools, culverts, curbs, etc.. by
private contract In the Intersection of Waller
street and De Long avenue; Fllnn & Treacy, for
permission to pave with bitumen, by private
I contract, Lafayette place, between Green and
' Union streets; property-owners, for an exten- '
sion of six months' time on their contract to
! grade Grove street, between Clayton and Cole, }
between Masonic avenue and Ashbury street,
and between Ashbury and Clayton streets.
Masonic avenue. Clayton and Ashhury streets, j
• between Fulton and Grove, Masonic avenue,
! Ashbury and Clayton streets, between Grove
■ and Hayes, the crossings of Masonic avenue
! and Grove street. Grove and Clayton and Grove j
and Ashbury streets.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re- )
ferred to the Street Committee: •
Property owners, against the paving of Pierce
street, between Green ' and Vallejo; property- i
owners, against the pay.!"*? of the crossing of
Dolores and Twenty-first streets; property-own
ers, against the acceptance of the work of pay- ■
ing Buchanan street, between Union and Fil- I
bert; property-owners, against the paving of I
Washington street, between Fillmore and
Stelner.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions of Intention to perform the fol
lowing street work were adopted:
Construction of plank sidewalks on the south- I
erly line of Jackson street, between Cherry
street and First avenue; granite curbs, La- j
fayette plßce, between Green and Union
streets; artificial stone sidewalks. In front of '
lots and lands commencing at a point on the '
southwesterly line of Sixth street. 225 feet
southeasterly from Bryant street, running
Ihence southeasterly fifty feet; artificial stone i
sidewalks on Lily avenue, between Franklin
i and Gough streets; cesspools, culverts, granite
curbs and artificial walks, on southeasterly ,
and southwesterly corners of Waller street and
De Long avenue. .- r '
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended j
' the performance of the following street work: '
! Granite curbs, on the easterly line of Church |
I »treet, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, :
roadway of same to be paved with bitumen; !
i granite curbs, on McAllister street between
Central and Masonic avenues, roadway \
to be paved with basalt blocks; granite curbs,
on Potrero avenue, between Seventeenth and i
Mariposa streets, roadway to be paved with
bitumen.
: PRIVATE CONTRACTS TO BE AUTHOR- i
- IZED.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
street work by private contract as follows were
passed to print:
City Street Improvement Company, to lay
granite earns, artificial stone sidewalks, Iron
j stone Fewer, with two manholes and covers. In
I Twenty-fifth street, between Guerrero and San
1 Jose, avenue, and to pave roadway with bitu
men; same, to lay granite curbs, on Han Jose
; avenue, between Army and Guerrero streets,
and to pave roadway of same with bitumen; W I
F Hanrahan, to pave with bitumen the cross- !
j ing of Twenty-fifth and Shot well streets.
STREET WORK FULLY ACCEPTED.
Resolutions were finally adopted fully accept
j ing the following street work:
. Fillmore street, between Halght and Page, |
■ basalt pavement: Fulton street, between Stan
yan street and First avenue, basalt; Alabama
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty
fifth, bitumen: Potrero avenue, between Six- ;
teenth and Seventeenth, bitumen.
Resolutions of full acceptance of the following
street work were passed to print:
Clay street, between Spruce and Maple, bitu
men; Buchanan street, between Union and Fil- j
bert, bitumen; Masonic avenue, 1 between Oak
I and Page streets, bitumen; Henry street, be- i
tween Sanchez and Noe, bitumen; Clayton
street, between Hayes and Fell, bitumen.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
I Hearing of the protest* against the construc
-1 tion of artificial stone sidewalks on Central ave
nue, between Oak an/1 Page streets, was set for
November 13 at 3 p. m.
I Andrew Downey was granted permission to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
Elections will be held in twelve States to-day. Ohio, lowa, Kentucky, Mississippi, Maryland and
Massachusetts will elect Governors and other State officers; Nebraska a Judge of the Supreme Court and
two Regents of the State University; Pennsylvania a Treasurer and a Judge each of the Supreme and
Superior courts; Nebraska three Justices of the Supreme Court, and New Jersey and Virginia Legisla
tures. There are five tickets in Ohio, five in lowa, six in Kentucky, two in Mississippi, three in Ne
braska, two in South Dakota, three in Maryland, five in Pennsylvania and five in Massachusetts. In Kan
sas and Colorado county officers are to be elected and municipal elections will be held in Salt Lake, New
Orleans and Detroit.
In New York State members of the lower branch of the Legislature are to be chosen. County
and judicial officers are to be elected in the four counties of Greater New York.
newspapers save one opposing the Repub
lican candidate. In this fight most of the
newspapers and reformists are with the
Republican State ticket.
Neither of the parties Is holding its own
voters solidly. Former Congressman
Charles E. Coffin of the Fifth District, a
leading Republican, has declared for the
Democratic ticket, and a revolt of con
siderable proportions has been organized
against Congressman Mudd in that sec
tion of the State. Senator Wellington's
friends In Western Maryland and else
where are rather lukewarm in their sup
port of Governor Lbwndes, the Senator
having accused the Governor of treach
ery, and retired at the beginning of the
campaign from the State Committee
chairmanship, which he had held since
IS9d, in which year Governor Lowndes
was elected by 18,000 plurality.
OHIO WILL BE CLOSE.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6.— There are six
candidates for Governor to be voted for
In Ohio to-morrow. Three of them claim
their election is sure, but no one except
Mayor Samuel M. Jones and his most
zealous supporters make any such
claim as that of the election
of Jones. Jones' vote will re
duce the vote of all the others, including
ing that of the Prohibitionists, the Union
Reform and the Social Labor tickets, and
the result depends very materially on
where most of the Jones vote will come
from.
It is certain that either George K. Nash
(R.) or John R. McLean (D.) will be elect
ed. If Jones pulls more from the Demo
crats than from the Republicans the pre
diction of Chairman Dick that Judge
Nash will have 60,000 pluralty may be
realized; but If Chairman Seward Is cor
rect In assuming that Jones will draw
much more heavily from the Republicans
than the Democrats, then McLean will b«
elected. The Democratic managers have
made much capital of the fact that Jones
had been a Republican up to this cam
paign and that he was himself connected
with a trust and that he would not pledge
himself to vote for Bryan in 1900.
As Ohio is normally a Republican State,
Jones could draw most heavily from the
Republicans and still not affect the result
were It not for the factional feeling which
may also cost Judge Nash some Republi
can votes. It is conceded that all the
votes that can be controlled by Governor
Bushnell, ex-Chairman Kurtz and other
anti-Hanna Republicans will be cast for
McLean; but this factional work may not
extend to others on the Republican State
ticket.
Meantime the gold Democrats as well as
BUYS A MILLION
ACRES OF LAND
Frederic^ Weyerhauser's Big Ir>
vestmcQt \T) Pacific Coast
Timber.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 6.— A special to the Tribune from Ashland, Wis.,
pays: Frederick Weyerhauser of Chlppewa Falls, the greatest lumber man
In Wisconsin and Minnesota, Is Just closing another deal which more than
clinches his title as the most extensive manipulator In lumber and logs in
the world. His latest and most stupendous deal Is the purchase of 1,000,000
acres of lumber lands from the Northern Pacific Company. This timber is lo
cated on the Pacific Coast. The price paid is $6,000,000.
This is the largest timber deal ever closed by one person In the history of
the lumbering arid logging industry. In speaking of the deal Mr. Weyerhau
ser says that it Is simply an Investment. He believes that timber Is bound
to .advance out in the Western country and that he will realize a handsome
profit.
reconstruct, witn pianKs. tne siaewams on dcto
fronts of his property on the southerly corner
of First and Minna streets.
The City and County Attorney was directed
to report as to the liability of the city and
<■ lUnty where It is claimed by R. C. de Boom
; that the city and county has trespassed on and
tak^n his land for the purpose of constructing
a culvert at the crossing of Mission and Canal
streets.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed to
notify property owners on Brosnan street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero, to construct arti
ficial stone 6ldewalks In front of their respec
tive property.
The Superintendent of Streets wan directed
• tract with J. J. Dowling for the recon
struction of the corner at the intersection of
Church and Reservoir streets at a cost not to
exceed $IS7.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed to
grant Fllnn & Tracy thirty days' extension of
' time on their contract to pave the croeslng of
; Central avenue and Halght street.
Barney Jacobs was grants] permission tr>
erect a pole with an electric light transparency
, on the outer edge of the sidewalk in front of
[ SOfl Krarny street.
The ciau- Wreden Brewing Company wan
j granted permission to maintain a platform
scales on the sidewalk on the east side of Tay
lor street, between Greenwich and Lombard.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that the clerk be directed to readvertlse for
proposals on the construction of sewers, etc ,
in Fifteenth street, from Castro 'to the'west
l erly termination of Fifteenth street.
The Superintendent of Streets requested the
| board to establish official grades on Berry
j street, between Seventh and De Haro streets.
i <•. E. Newman, the bond expert, recommended
the approval of the bond of Charles A. Warren
, to explode blasts and use explosives.
The <"ity Engineer recommended the establish
ment of certain grades on Thirty-second Thir
i ty-thlrd. Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty
; sixth and Thirty-seventh avenues and on H J
I I and X streets.
SPENT THREE YEARS
PORTRAYING HUMANITY
Staying at the California, where they
arrived yesterday from the Doric via the
Hawaiian Islands, are Mr. and Mrs. J.
Hubert Vo.«. They will remain in the city
but a few days and then leave for Wash
ington, D.C.. where Mr. Vos goes for the
purpose of seeing the American Commis
sioners to the Paris Exposition relative to
arranging; for the exhibition of some forty
or fifty different pictures, th<> painting of
which has occupied the last three years.
Mr Vos is an artist of note, a Hollander
by birth, but an American by choice, as
he was naturalized some two years ago j
and adopted the stars and stripes as his ;
national emblem, notwithstanding the
fact that he had been decorated some
time before by the Queen of the Nether
lands in appreciation of the excellence of
the work lhat Ills brush had accom
plished.
Mr. Vos some three years ago conceived
ilk> idea at painting the different types of
tbe world's population for exhibition at;
the great V.irls show. He had previously
gone quite thoroughly through the differ
ent European races and, coming to this
country, he put in a year in depicting the
different North American types.
Two years ago he left for the Orient,
where he has remained ever since, work
ing constantly at his self-imposed task.
He now returns with the result of his la
bors, which he will put In as an Ameri
can exhibit and which should certainly
win for him distinction at the world's
great fair.
His studies have been selected from Tla
walians, Javanese, Soudanese Sikhs. Thi
betans, Chinese, Mongolians, Koreans,
Japanese and the Gotticks of Afghanis
tan. The paintings are not individual por
traits, but nre more In the style of com
posite pictures in which the artist has
endeavored to portray the racial charac
teristics of the different peoples of the
Oriental world. During his travels among
the strange tribes of the East Mr. Vos
has had some thrilling adventures and In
several Instance? he has nearly lost his
life for his devotion to his art.
While in Honolulu Mr. Vos became ac
quainted with Mrs. Elenor Kaikilani Gra
ham, a young widow of kanaka blood,
who was acknowledged to be the most
perfect of the many beautiful women In
Hawaiian society. The artist made such I
good use of his time that when he left to I
continue his Journey westward he took
the Bryan Democrats are supporting Mc-
Lean, and there is no factional fuss
among the Democrats. The campaign has
been bitter, dirty and full of charges and
counter charges. It is of course expected
that this vicious tendency will continue
at the polls to-morrow and that there
will be many arrests, especially In the
cities.
OUTLOOK IN BRYAN'S STATE.
LINCOLN. Neb., Nov. 6.— The Nebraska
campaign closed to-night with rallies at
a number of the larger towns. There was
a thinning out at committee headquarters
during the day, but much activity in the
way of sending out final instructions to
precinct workers. Estimates of the chair
men at Republican and Populist head
quarters do not vary greatly, and con
servative men of both sides believe the
result will be close.
In this city and county Judge Reese
(R.), for Supreme Judge, will run ahead
of his ticket slightly, due to his personal
popularity, this being hte home, and his
managers contend that the same rule will
hold good all over the State. They refuse
to admit of the possibility of defeat for
the head of the ticket, but are not so
sanguine for the two university regents.
At the State House, among the fusion
officials who have been stumping the
State for the past month, there is the
greatest confidence in a fusion victory-
Governor Poynter, who accompanied Mr.
Bryan a greater part of the time In his
two weeks of campaigning, said the lat
ter's presence acted as an inspiration, and
If the result was at any time In doubt he
had completely turned the tide. He pre
dicts ex-Governor Holcombe's election by
12.000.
There have been the usual warnings by
both committees to look out for crooked
work, but no trouble at the polls Is ex
pected.
CROKER IS NOT SANGUINE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— At the close of
the campaign the Republicans are confi
dent of electing a majority of the Assem
blymen and the Democrats of carrying
the four countlt-F that make up the city
of New York. Richard Croker said to
night that the, Democrats. Oven If they
carried every Assembly district In New
York City, would still need to make gains
up the State In order to control the As
sembly. Of this he is not hopeful.
"There Is no organization up the State,"
he Bald, "and they made no campaign."
News received to-day points to Demo
cratic Assembly gains In New York City
with him the belle of Honolulu as his wife
and traveling companion.
Remember the vast patronage placed
by the new charter in the hands of
the Mayor renders it imperative to
elect to that office a man of known
fidelity to duty who will not use the
patronage to further his political am
bitions.
HEALDSBURG'S WATER
FIGHT IN THE COURTS
Light and Power Company Sues the
City to Prevent Building of
Another Plant.
SAXTA ROSA. Nov. 6.— Actions were
commenced here this morning by the
i Healdsburg Klectric I^lght and Power
: Company against tho city of llealdsburg
j and Board of Trustees, City Treasurer
I and Contractors Stanley and Martin, ask
i Ing the Superior Court to enjoin defend
! ants from constructing a water and Ught
! ing system for Healdsburg. now in course
lof building. Plaintiff alleges that amend-
I ment of the original plans for construc
tion of the works by the City Trustees
renders the original contract and plans
void.
The conditions of the suit are very much
like the suit brought by the old water
works company here against the city of
Santa Rosa at the time of the building of
the municipal water works. Another al
' legation of the complaint is that revision
of the original plans of construction of
both systems means a damage to the city
of Healdsburg of about $17,001
OREGON LEAVES ON
MYSTERIOUS VOYAGE
HONGKONG, Nov. 6.— The battleship
Oregon, which intended leaving Tuesday
for Manila, fired a recall gun yesterday
and left port during the night. She Is said
to have received orders to proceed to
Cebu. She was seemingly unprepared for
sea.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— At the Navy
Department it was said that nothing was
known there as to the cause of the Ore
gon's sudden departure from Hongkong or
her destination. If sheis bound for Cebu it
is believed the order must have been given
by Admiral Watson without consulting
the Navy Department.
Cebu is an island in the Philippine
group. Th<rc has been trouble there since
last June, when the native Governor was
slain by forces presumably hostile to
Americans. Two months later a company
of the Twenty-third infantry was am
bushed and three men killed.
Germany Not Harassing England.
Special Cable to The Call and the N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Tiennett.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— The report that the
continental powers had invited the
United States Government to demand ter
ritorial r-essions in China with a view to
themselves taking advantage in the same
direction of England's embarrassment
with the Transvaal is denied by the Tage
blatt, so far as Germany is concerned
Rose Relda's Debut.
J^akis, Nov. 6.— Alias Koso Relda of
California made a most successful debut
this evening at the Opera Comlque in tne
.title role Dellbes' "Lakme," her singing
and acting drawing forth unstinted ap
plause from an appreciative audience
; Almost the entire American colony In
Paris was present.
Noted Crop Statistician Dies.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Ervin Monroe
| Thoman, the well-known crop gtatls-
I tician, died in this city on Saturday of
consumption, aged 34 years.
being offset by Democratic losses In the
State. Mr. Croker has increased his esti
mate of the Democratic plurality in this
county and now claims 40,000 to 65,000.
Democratic and Citizens' Union leaders In
the Nineteenth Assembly District declare
that Stewart, Citizen, will defeat Mazet,
Republican, by 1500. The Republicans say
that Mazet will win by a safe majority.
Chairman Qulgg of the. Republican coun
ty committee looks for a Republican plur
ality of 10,000 in the county. John M. Par
eons, general master workman of the
Knights of Labor and leading spirit in th?
Independent Labor Party, says that the
labor vote will be nearer 50.000" than 30,000.
The size of the labor vote will determine
the result of the election.
The weather to-morrow will be fair in
all parts of the State.
MASSACHUSETTS ONE-SIDED.
BOSTON, Nov. 6.— There is no reason to
expect anything but the customary Re
publican victory. Not since ISB2 have the
Democrats carried the State, and to-night
the election of W. Murray Crane, the Re
publican candidate for Governor, Is con
ceded beyond the possibility of a doubt.
The Legislature also will be Republican
by the usual majority, only the manufac
turing centers and this city contributing
to the minority in that body. There are
no State issues and very few local con
tests, so that conditions are more than or
dinarily normal. Good judges place the
Republican majority between 50,000 and
60,000. A falling off of about 15 per cent
from the Republican vote of last year
is looked for, while it seems to be gen
erally agreed that with the help of the
gold Democrats there will be little loss in
the Democratic vote and perhaps a slight
gain.
The Republican State Committee puts
forth no definite figures, asserting only
that the candidate for Governor will poll
from 160,000 to 175,000 votes, while the Dem
ocratic State Committee predicts a vote
of 110,000 for Its candidate, Robert Treat
Paine Jr., and a Republican plurality of
about 40,000.
IN SOUTH DAKOTA.
SIOUX FALLS, Nov. 6.— Any forecast
on the election in South Dakota is pure
prophecy. Not a township in the State
has been polled, and but one thing Is cer
tain, and that Is a light vote will be
polled. Chairman Kidd of the fusion
committee thinks 70 per cent of the vote
will be cast, and Chairman Harrick of
the Republican committee thinks this es
timate is about right. The Populists
have sent thousands of circular letters
STEYN'S ARRAIGNMENT
OF ENGLAND'S TACTICS
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Consul Gen
eral of the Orange Free State in this city
gave out to-day the full text of President
Steyn's proclamation calling on the
Orange Free Stnte Boers to support the
Transvaal. The proclamation reads as
follows:
Burghers of the Orange Free State: The
time, which we had so much desired to avoid,
the moment when we as a nation are com
pelled with arms to oppose injustice and
shameless violence. Is at hand. Our sister re
public to the north of the Vaal River is about
to be attacked by an unscrupulous enemy who,
for many years, has prepared himself and
sought pretexts for the violence of which he
Is now guilty, whose purpose It Is to destroy
the existence of the Afrikander race.
With 'jut Hitter republic we are not only
bound by ties of blood, of sympathy and of
common interests, but also. by formal treaty,
which has been necessitated by circumstances.
This treaty demands of us that we assist her
if she should be unjustly attacked, which we
unfortunately for a long time have had too
much reason to expect. We therefore cannot
passively look on while Injustice is done her
and while also our own dearly bought freedom
is endangered, but are called as men to resist,
trusting the Almighty, firmly believing that he
will never permit injustice and unrighteous
ness to triumph.
Now that we thus resist a powerful enemy,
with whom it has always been our highest
desire to live In friendship, notwithstanding
the injustice and wrong done by him to ua
in the past, we solemnly declare in the pres
ence of Almighty God that we are compelled
thereto by the Injustice done to our kinsmen
and by the consciousness that the end of their
Independence will make our existence as an
Independent state of no significance and that
th»lr fate, should they be obliged to bend
under an overwhelming power, will also soon
after be our own fate.
Solemn treaties have not protected our sister
republic against annexation, against conspira
cy, against the claim of an abolished suzer
ainty, against a renewed attack which aims
only at her downfall. Our own unfortunate
experiences In the past have also made It
sufficiently clear to us that we cannot rely
on the most solemn promises and agreements
of Great Britain when she has at her helm
a government prepared to trample on treaties,
to look for feigned pretexts for every violation
of good faith by her committed. This is proved
among other things by the unjust and unlaw
ful British Intervention, after we had over
come an armed and barbarous black tribe on
mir eastern frontier, as also by the forcible
appropriation of the dominion over part of
our territory, where the discovery of diamonds
had caused the desire for this appropriation,
although contrary to existing treaties. The
desire and Intention to trample on our rights
as an Independent and sovereign nation, not
withstanding a solemn convention existing be
tween this state and Great Britain, have also
been more than once and are now again shown
by the present government, by giving expres
sions in public documents to an unfounded
claim of paramnuntcy over the whole of South
Africa and therefore over this state.
With regard to the South African republic.
Great Britain has moreover refused until the
present to allow her to regain her original
position In respect to foreign affairs, a position
which she had lost In no sense by her own
faults. The original Intention of ihe conven
tions to which the republic had consented under
j pressure and circumstances has been perverted
j and continually been used by the present
British administration as a means for the
practice of tyranny and of Injustice, and among
other things for the support of revolutionary
propaganda within the republic for Great
Britain.
And while no redress has been offered, aa
Justice demands for Injustice done the South
African republic on the part of the British
Government, while no gratitude Is exhibited
for the magnanimity shown at the request of
the British Government to British subjects
| who had forfeited under the laws of the re
public their lives and property, yet no feeling
of shame has prevented the British Govern
ment now that the gold mines of immer;se
value have been discovered In the country, to
make claims on the republic. In consequence
of which, If allowed, will be that those who
or whose forefathers have saved the country
from barbarism nnd have won It for civiliza
tion with their blood and their tears, will lose
their control over the Interests of the country,
to which they are Justly entitled according
to divine and human laws. The consequence
of these claims would be, moreover, that the
greater part of the power will be placed In the
hands of those who. foreigners by birth, enjoy
die privilege of depriving the country of Its
chief trensure while they have never shown
any loyalty to a foreign government. Be
sides, the Inevitable consequence of the accept
ance of these claims would be thßt the In
dependence of the country as a self-governing.
Independent sovereign republic would be Ir
reparably lost. For years past British troops
In greit numbers have "been placed on the
frontiers of otir sister republic, in order to
compel her by fear to accede to the demands
■which would be pressed upon her and In order
to encourage revolutionary disturbances and
the cunning plans of those whose greed for
gnlrl Is the cause of their shameless under
takings.
Those plans have now reached their climax
in the open violence to which the present
British Government now resorts. While we
readily acknowledge the honorable character
of thousands of Englishmen who loathe such
deeds of robbery and wrong, we cannot but
abhor the shameless breaking of treaties, the
feigned pretexts for the transgression of law,
the violation of International law. and the In
justice and the numerous right-rending- deeds
of the British statesmen who will now force'
a war upon the South African republic. On
their head* be the guilt of blood and may a
Just Providence reward all as they deserve.
Burghers of the Orange Free State: Rls-3
us one man against the oppressor and the vio
lator of rights! In the strife to which we
are now driven have care to commit no deed
unworthy of a Christian and of a burgher
of the Ornnge Free State. Let ub look for
ward with confidence to a fortunate end of
this conflict, trusting tn that higher power,
without whose help human weapons are of no
avail. May he blesa our arms. Under bU
National Interest Centers in the
Supreme Struggle Being
Waged in Ohio.
over the State criticising the decisions of
the Republican Judges, who are all re
nominated and are opposed by fusion
candidates, but aside from this no active
campaign has been made. Unless there
is a landslide the result will not be
known until Wednesday, or. possibly,
later, as, on account of the absence of
local contests, the returns will be slow.
PENNSYLVANIA'S CONTEST.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 6.— What little
| Interest :s manifested in to-morrow's elec
tion In Pennsylvania Is centered on the
vote for State Treasurer and partlcularly
as to which of the two prominent candl
; dates for that office will receive the
| greater portion of the big Independent
vote cast in the general elections of the
last two years. Dr. Swallow, the reacher,
editor and Prohibitionist, received 118,964
votes for State Treasurer in 1897 and 131,
--683 votes for Governor in IS9S. In these
years the Republican candidate had plu
ralities, respectively, of 129,717 and 118, 108.
The Swallow vote was cast largely by in
: dependent voters of the leading two par
| ties, who were dissatisfied with the party
Issues or their party leaders. This year
there is no independent candidate to draw
these votes and the Democratic leaders
claim that Creasy, their candidate for
State Treasurer, will benefit from this in
| dependent vote. Furthermore, they claim
| that vigorous efforts to prevent illegal
I voting in this city will result in reduc'ng
i the heretofore large Republican majority
j returned :'rom Philadelphia.
I The Republican State chairman and oth
er party leaders, however, confidently
i claim that Barnett, the Republican candi
date for State Treasurer, will receive the
full party vote and that he will have a
\ majority in the State of at least 175 000.
! The total vote for Governor last year was
I JMiS,OOO, but the general prediction is that
I the vote this year will fall fully 200,000
below these figures.
ALLEN WINS IN MAINE.
PORTLAND, Me., Nov. 6.— Amos L.
Allen, Republican candidate for Con
! gress in the First Maine District, was
I elected to-day by a majority of more
than 4600 votes over Luther F. McKin
ney, the Democratic candidate. With the
town of Dayton, in York County, to
hear from, Mr. Allen's majority is 4657.
Dayton will doubtless reduce this, but
not enough to bring it below 4600.
The First Maine District was Speaker
Reed's district last year, and he had
! ex-Congressman McKinney as his oppo
j nent. At that time Mr. Reed's plurality
I was 5526 over McKinney, but there was
! a prohibition candidate, who polled 673
! votes, thus reducing his majority to 4791.
There were only two candidates this
year, but it is evident from spoiled bal
lots that a considerable number of pro
banner we will advance to battle for liberty
and for fatherland. M. T. STETN,
State President
MARTIAL -LAW IN
SEVERAL NATAL DISTRICTS
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Advices from Cape
Town under date of November 3 say that
martial law has been proclaimed in the
districts occupied by the British troops
between the Orange River and De Aar.
The Premier, \V. P. Schreiner, has sent
a circular to the magistrates and others
warning all persons against statements to
the effect that the Parliamentary institu
tions and constitutional government will
be lost or detrimentally affected. He adds
that the proclamation of martial law is
only a matter of temporary urgency in
some districts and does not compel the
burghers of the colony to participate in
the "deplorable hostilities."
Prince Christian Victor of Schleswig-
Holstein. grandson of Queen Victoria and
a captain in the King's Royal Rifles, and
other officers have left Cape Town for
Ladysmith to replace the dead and
wounded.
The Boer prisoners have been taken on
board the British cruiser Penelope. They
number nine officers and 1&0 men.
An official notice posted at the land
rost'.s office at Vryburg October 2S, refer
ring to the bombardment of Mafekingr.
says: "The big Pretoria gun wrought
great destruction, but the enemy obsti
nately holds his own."
Other advices from Vryburg say the
British flag still floats over Kurumah, but
that a Boer force is about to proceed
thither. The Dotariss command has been
reinforced by 3000 Boers and has gone to
Klmberley.
GENERAL WOLSELEY
TALKS OF THE WAR
LONDON. Nov. 7.— Genera! Lord Wolse
ley, the commander in chief, who was
the guest of the Authors' Club last even
ing, said that the short service system in
the British army had at last been ac
knowledged as the right one, even by its
strenuous opponents.
Discussing the situation in South Africa
the field marshal remarked: "In mv vari
ous commands I have learned much of
Boer character, and I can say truthfully
that the Boers as a people are the most
ignorant with which I have ever been
brought In contact. Their aspiration is to
rule the whole of South Africa. This is
a point the English people must keep
before them. There are ups and downs in
warfare, and the disappointments we
have suffered are having the good effect
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
hlbltlon voters made the mark in the pro
hibition square on the official ballot, al
though they had no candidate. Last year
the total vote in the district was 23.570.
This year it amounted to less than 20,000.
Congressman-elect Allen is knnwn in
national life as Speaker Reed's secretary
for many years. Otherwise he was not a
prominent figure, even in his own State
and neighborhood.
QUIET IN KANSAS.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 6.— To-morrow
the elections for county offices will be
held over Kansas. They bid fair to be
the quietest in years. They will close a
campaign which has be** practically de
void of Interest, except where local issues
have been made. Morton Albaugh, chair
man of the State Committee, in an inter
view, makes a prediction for Republican
gains, basing his statement on the gen
eral prosperous conditions prevailing and
satisfaction with the policy of the na
tional administration. The opposition
party leaders have made no statement,
preferring apparently a "still hunt"
policy.
MISSISSIPPI'S FORECAST.
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 6.— The eve of
the Mississippi State election presents no
features of especial interest. Consider
able sentiment has been manifested
during the past three days in opposition
to the Noel amendment providing for an
elective judiciary, and this awakened in
terest without doubt will have the effect
of bringing a largo number of voters
to the polls. It looks very much a- if
the amendment would be defeated.
Democratic leaders predict a majority
of 35,000 for the party ticket, and the
Populists admit that there will be a de
crease from their vote of 1596, but claim
they will elect members to the Legisla
ture from two and probably three coun
ties.
VIRGINIA'S ELECTION.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 6.— The election
in Virginia to-morrow is for a full House
lof Delegates and half the Senate. The
i general Assembly in turn elects a United
! States Senator to succeed Senator Mar
l tin and what are known as Capitol offi-
I cers. The candidates for Senator are Sen
! ator Martin and Governor Tyler. The
i vote throughout the State will be light
'■ and the Legislature will be overwhelm
; ingly Democratic. The canvass has been
! spiritless and very few speeches have
been made.
San Francisco is a Republican city
and should be under Republican con
trol.
I of bringing the English people closer to
| gether."
BULLER'S TASK MAY
BE A VERY HARD ONE
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The movement of
Boers into Cape Colony is beginning to
awaken British fear that they have great-
ly underestimated the forces they will
have to meet and that even General Bul
ler's task may not be so easy as antici
pated.
It is becoming apparent that all the
British calculations based on the loyalty
of the population are hopelessly at sea.
or there has been a very serious leakage
of Dutch sympathizers from Natal and
Cape Colony. Otherwise there is no ac
counting for the large force of burghers
reported from all directions. The War
Ofrice consequently is being urged to have
more troops in readiness for all possible
demands.
INSURGENT STEAMER
RAMMED AND SUNK
Colombian Rebels Meet With Disas
trous Loss at the Hands of
Cruiser Hercules.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 6.— Reliable
i Colombian advices just received here de
j scribe the pursuit and result of an en
i gagement with an insurgent convoy
! steamer by the Colombian cruiser Her
cules under General Rodriguez, accom-
I panied by the steamer Colombia, having
troops on board. The insurgent steamer
The Drag was rammed and sunk and four
small ones were captured after a san
guinary fight. Ten of the Cisneros, with
the surviving insurgents, escaped into Rio
Blanco. The insurgents lost 250 men, and
the loss of the steamers is regarded as a
severe blow to the Insurgent cause.
Gold Found in Egypt.
Special Cable to The Call and the N'pw York
Hf>ral<l. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor-
don Bennett.
ROME, Nov. 6— A telegram from Mas
! sowah. Egypt, says English and American
engineers have discovered three lodes of
gold near Osntara. The lodes may be
profitably worked.
Prominent Physician Dies.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 6.— Dr. Charles F. Far-
I ley, a well known pioneer physician of
I this city, died here to-day. He was a na-
I tive of Alabama, aged 77 years. He was a
I brother of Judge M. Farley of Salinas and
I an uncle of Sheriff Farley, recently mur
dered by George Suisser in that city.
34
West
MIDWEEK
RESERVE
COURSING
Stake of Forty-Eight Entries
to Be Run at Union
Park.
The drawing for the midweek reserve
. Park w;u> held last night
tit Pythian Castle. The prizes are $50. 136,
tree at H5, six at $7 :■< and twelve at
The di
S. Mahoney's Nellie G vs. Lande & Oerber'e
Concord: Bartels Bros. 1 Bon's Babe vs. Frank
McOmb's Judsre Wallace; It. Tleraan's
(iicmes) Hadlwlst vs. Handy .t Smith" Magic:
Gorman *■ Beteneourt's' l"or^>>t Mi Not vs. .1.
A. Perlp<>'s Bellr ,-eward; J. Kennedy's Wine
West vs. Pasha Kennel* 1 -'!:' Arm: P. J. I
Knoivlton's Rich and Artless vs. A. Johnson's
Bald Easle: L.inde & Gerber's (naraee) On
ward vs. James Hurley's Star of Cuba; A J. |
K'dhi'e P'snal vs. I>. Ford's Anita; J. Ron
ning's (n:-mes) Deinpsey Lass vs. J. .^eggers ill's
"Whit* Chief: J. P. Thrift's Grass Hupper vs.
Bandy &: Smith's Victor: D. Ford's Juanita
vs. J. 11. Perlßc.'s Controller; D. Ford's Bonita
vs. J. Konne<-!y"s NisM Time; Bartels Bros.'
Ball Boom F^lle vs. l'nsha Kennels' Svlvta;
J. Conneli'B (r.aniPF) Matchless vs. J. Kennedy's
Ever Sure; J. M. Ualton's m:imi'j) Gorine's
Flashlisht vs. .1. C. Talbofa Black R'.ok; \V.
B, Smith's' (names) The Knr! vp. Bartels Bros.'
Boer Browcr; Maher & Reid's; Uncle Puller vs.
8. Mahoney't Chief of the Hill] Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim vb. C. O'Ponnell's 1-is Palmas;
l^.ril & Belber'a Mount Ida vs. llah^r & Reid's
• names) Put Reilly; J. P. Thrift's Tralee vs.
H. W. Wright's Nancy R: A. Johnson's Tnti
'.Sloan vs. I. F. Halton's Tic Tao; R. P.
Julipn's Sweet Music vs. J. Stßf?frs^n's GoM
Hill: E. Coffln'a Mountain Boy vs. F. A. Mc-
C imb'i Lord Lytton: Handy & Smith's
>VtronluK vb. J, Cavanagh's Hard Lines.
The drawing for the Merced meeting has
been changed to next Monday night.
SHARKEY POSTS A FORFEIT.
Wants Another Try at Jeffries Four
Months Hence.
, NEW YORK, Nov. C— As evidence of
good faith on the part of Thomas Sharkey
to arrange another contest with Jeffries
for the. heavy-weight championship of the
world, Tom O'Rourke, the sailor's man
ager, to-day posted a forfeit of $5000 with
George Considine. After posting the
money O'Rcurkf paid that he still had
confidence in Sharkey's ability to defeat
Jeffries.
"Ko man ever gave the champion such
a hard fight as Sharkey," said • I'Rourke,
"and he is clearly entitled to the first
chance. Sharkey wants the fight to take
place within four months. His broken
ribs have mended nicely and ho will soon
be himself again. lie thinks that he will
be in perfect condition to fight within
four months. That Sharkey is a wonder
ful pugilist his marvelous showing against
the Californinn demonstrates. Although
suffering mU'iine physical pain as the re
eult of his injuries he not only prevented
Jeffries knocking him out, but was ! old-
Ing liis own with the big fellow at the
end."
Sharkey, v.-ho was confined tn his room
in the Mai-tin House yesterday, suffering
from the punishment inflicted by Jeftrios'
Mows !n tho fight last Friday night, was
much betf-r to-day and he was able to
move around with porfe^t freedom. He
told me that he was feeling "first rate."
When Jr.ff.rieß was informed of Siiar
key's forfeit having boon posted he said
that he would not fight again for some
time.
" I need a rest," said the champion; "and
I moan to take one. I will not arrange
another match for at least six or seven
months. When 1 fight again Sharkey will
Probably i.i my opponent."
Although the pictures of a few rounds
of the bi;j fight were obtained by a rival
company, the officials of the mutoscope
and hlofrnph are by no means alarmed.
"William A. Brady arid O'Rourke said that
they regarded the action of the rival com
pany as blackmail and would take legal
methods fo prevent an exhibition.
"Omaha Kid" Defeated.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— the Hercules
Athletic Club, Brooklyn, to-nipht, Martin
McCud j?ot the decision over Oscar Gard
ner at the end of the twenty-fifth round.
McCue had the advantage In height,
reach and weight. Gardner had the bet
tor of It until the twentieth round. Dur
inc the last five rounds the New Yorker
gradually wore his man down and at the
end Gardner was almost out.
Bennett Bests La Fontise.
CHICAGO, N k Bennett of
PittEburg was given the decision
. •
six : ghting nnett was
•■ - finish
Then . . . nnett win
i
American Outpoints Briton.
LONDON, N v. >5. -At ihc National
Sporting Club this evening Pal
of London
on points .n a 15-roui i s, test.
EDITOR ARRESTED
CHARGED WITH LIBEL
J. E. Valjean of Anaheim Declared
H. McPhee Sought to Blackmail
Senator Perkins.
SANTA axa. Cal., Nov. 6.— J. B. Val-
P Of the \r;;,!i' ! :'i P|
■was arrested to-day on complaint of if.
McPl
thia city. Last Saturday Valjean pub
accusing .V I
and ot always be
traying th< ):<■; . en j, .
was offered pay to oo so. Valjean
condu ■ - • •■■ • itional
•. on McPhee is the
c tlmination of similar attacks on private
cltisM ■ . i county officials, and the
< ran v ■ m hole !!■■
McPiioe with beliiK
. ; . an nominees while p ilna
as the edit ■ Ljjef
!!•■ ft tns that McPhee ha.] at
■ blackmail Senator Georgre C
tical managers in tho
s-':ni ' Icatlon of the
can wax followed prompt
ly by ■ M tea that he
itor Perkins an.l
political managers to the en<l
i: may be fully
ventili ■. ihown up.
DR. CLOW PURGED OF
CONTEMPT OF COURT
HeWas Charged With Haying Sought
to Influence the Testimony of
a Witness.
sa< UAMF.y: :nison
■ ' "nu>t
•t 1 »r. <>. B. N.
X u-tti mptod to
Intlut ■ ny of Mi
■ pson
■ J ' • Miaa A_manda
Wilcoxson. Judge KUiaoi
any o!' til- testimony, L>u< or-; :i.i the <li«
--■hc Drgrurc
i ounscl f • >t- i 'low. In t uppoi • • t ;i ,},'.
tacking •!.. uflicl< ncy . •
affidavit upon which ■ pro
\--r>- broufl
FATAL FIGHT ON A BARK.
QUEENSTOWN, Nov. 6.— Captain Moul
ton of the British bark }'. gaaus, from
Portland, Or., Juno 28 for this port, which
arrived •day, reports that a seaman
named Klinger, described as a Dutch-
American, who was shipped In New York
atid a man named Hutton, who was
Miipped at Portland, quarreled In the ritr-
Klngr during the voyage and then fought
on deck. Kllngcr stabbed Mutton in the
abdomen with a knife and Hutton fol
lowed Kllngcr with a belaying pin until
, dropped dead. Klinger was placed In
irons and handed over to the police hero.
Every good citizen will go to the
polls to-day. Civic patriotism re
luires it.
<£ateot Jlecorcij 7ffade in the 3*ield of Sport
DIOMED MAY
YET BECOME
A CELEBRITY
The Brother to Diggs Wins
First Time at Barrier.
Tanforan Results.
i Quito as fast a." bis Illustrious brothers,
Olinthuß and Diggs, the brawny chestnut
I youngster Dlomed celebrated his nrst ap- I
pearance with the colors up by taking j
the opening ramble for two-year-olds at j
TanXoran Park yesterday. Backed from ;
15 to 5 by dribbling wagers he raced Lim- |
crick, the Marcus Daly entry to a stand- j
still, and in a drive won by a neck, cover-
Ing the five furlongs In 1:01%. It could I
scarcely cc said that a "killing" was !
made over the winner's victory, for the j
pencilera are playing a caictious game and j
I rub prices on the slightest provocation. j
Joe McGee, from the Cocxigan stable and I
favorite in the ring, had a stable boy up,
never being" prominent.
Harrows h£d greatly Improved the sur
face of :he track and mv faster time
was made than on the opening- day. Four
of th.- six purses went to first choices in
the betting.
After a well-earned rest out at pastur
age the fast little filly Genua lined up at
the barrier in the second event and won.
all the way. evening at 3, her price |
went to 5, and in a drive she led Yaruba, j
a 30 to 1 chot, out a neck. Ann Page, the
favorite, ridden by Joe Weber, cot away !
from he post left Coot first and was never i
prominent.
The light-weighted Zoroaster -was first
at the -.virtj in the mile and a .sixteenth
selling run. Through the stretch Morir.el. |
ridden by Eddie Jones, gave the Shields j
entry a hard rub, but weight told and the ;
game mare suffered defeat by half a
length. Reolia, slovenly ridden by ;
Mounce, made a late bid, finishing a close !
third.
A six-furlong sprint \rifh only Amasa
to beat looked a set-up for Afamaila, and
8 looKert a long quotation. Pat
Ryan's mare walked by the gehding
when a quarter had been covered, and
waltzed home. Manzanilla downed the
tiring Amasa for second placa.
Alaria seemed finally ti> be at her very
best, and the seven furlong run proved
to th. 1 mare's fancy. Starting a
T to 10 favorite, with Thorpe in the saddle,
she overhauled Lodestar when the
stretch was reached. v.-innlnjr hands
down. Lothian, under Morg-itn's hard rid
ing, stalled off the challenge- r>f Whale
l tting the place by half a length.
An extra mile run also proved a boon
for the Chicago turfman, Pat Ryan. HU
gelding, Silver Tone, had his odds ham
! down from s to 5 to 1 to 2, and
downed his field without effort. Croker,
the Montana bred horse, disposed of
r for the p
Track Notes.
Only nine bookmakers cut in yester
day.
Dan Honig, the St. Louis turfman, ar
rived here yesterday. His stable of
horses preceded him. winning two or
three purses at Oakland.
J. Walsh, a very promising light weight,
was first on throe occasions.
Wednesday. November 15, is the date set
for the deciding of the Stanford stakes at
Tanforan, and the San Mateo stakes on
the Saturday following.
Owing t'> lack of entries the sixth race
will fill at the track this forenoon.
Following are the entries:
First race— Six furlonps: selling; two-year
olds
217 El Arte 10?. 1 26$ Tom Bharkey . . .101
262 Champion Rose.l ... shoe Ban — 106
232 Chotcau 106. 26S Miss Sophie.. 103
Second race— Seven furlongs: selling. .
253 Tirade 108! i2s2)Fiiversham 11l
2<57 Jennie Reid 10' 257 Los Medan08....112
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANTORAN PARK. Monday, November 8, 1899. — Second day of the
Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine. Track
good.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge. J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
fj/TiQ FIRST RACE— furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
~ j ' Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. [St. Km. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ,Op. CI.
... Diomed" 11.'.' 2 ... 2 1 24 2 1 1 n H. Shields.... 8 6
... Limerick 11511 ... 1111 lh 25 [Morgan 4 5
... March Seven 112 6 ... 6 > _ 6 6 4 1 3 »_ Ma. kiln 20 12
2tt Miss Sophie 108 j 5 ... 3 1 8 3 3 2 4 2 T. Walsh 25 60
120 Gold Finder 115 4 ... 4 1 41 5 3 5 '4 E. Jones 5-2 9-5
257 Jolly Hriton 115 8 ... 9 10 9 10 6 4 6 5 Devln 10 12
262 Tom Sharkey 115 7 ... £2 8 2 72 7 1 1 Ranch 10 10
... Joe McGee 115 9 ... 6 1 6 4 8 2 8 6 Hertlng 3 8-5
250 Allanette 108 1 ... 7 4 71 95 92 Ruiz 20 25
... Coming Event 11 5 ; 10 10 10 10 . 10 W. Narvaez... 15 20
Time— H, :1_V4: %. :36»i : %, 1:01%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. G.
Brown & Co.'s ch. g-., by Red Iron-Lily Wright. . „
• Diomed comes from a racing family and will probably make a good one; he stood a drive
gamelv. Limerick was out a sixteenth front home. ■ Miss Sophie should have been third.
Cold Finder a disappointment. McGee will do with a rider up.
Q/»4_k SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
i ) ; Betting.
index. Horse. Weight. [St. %m. »,_m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. <>,,. CI.
... Genua 101 ] 3 ... 11 12 12 1 n J. Walsh. j 3 6
215 Yaruba 114 8 ... 8 7 3 4 1 2 1 H. Shields.... 20 30
191 Campus 109 2 ... 21 2 Si 1 h ' 31 IB, Jones 6-5 3
238 Monda 104; 1 ... 3 4 6 1 2h 4 2 [Henry j 4 8
267 Ann Page 104' 4 ... 6h 4 4 62 D4 Joe Weber.... I 2 7-5
242 Jingle Jingle 101.5 ... 6 3 6 4 64.66 J. Martin I 6' 10
2*4 Flamaway IOC 7 ... 4 Mi 34.73 73 W. Narvaez... 10 100
167 Blooming Chance. ..10_[ 6 ... < V. 8 8 8 [Morgan | 8 16
Time— H, itVii; H. :364: %. 1:014- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, E.
Lanlgan's b. f., by -.van -Parolee.
Genua was fresh and had her speed. Yaruba a surprise; he should have won; was flat-
I ted at the start. Ann Page pocketed on the rail. Blooming Chance a morning glory.
Scratched— 104.
Q70 THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
Index. Hon*. Age. Weight. (St. Vim. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CL
247 Zoroaster, 3... 851.6 '42 24 2h 22 14 J. Martin T5 »
'263 Morinel, 4 107 3 3 4 3 1 In In 2 1 E.Jones 5-2 13-5
231 Reolla. 4 '.'4 2 62 62 6184 32 Mounce 3 13.5
170 Stromo. 3 92:4 11 11 33 42 43 Fauntleroy... 6 7
284 Coda, a 94 1 2 Si 44 4tt 5 2 66 Ranch '....'.... 8 12
... Chlmura, 3 97 5 • 5 6 6 6 6 Devln 4 7
Time— 1-16. :0S; 5-16, :«_%; 9-16, :5S4: 13-16. 1:24%; mile. 1:43; 1 1-I6m. 1 :51. Good start
Won first three driving. Winner. W. Shields' b. g., by Rayon d'Or-lmp. Astoria,
Zoroaster best. Weight and hard campaigning told on Morinel last part. Reolia finished
well; was cut oft on backstretch. Chlmura not near a race.
Scratched— Ping 101.
Q-TI FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Sim. >_m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.'fcl'
(101) Afamada, 4 107] 1 ... 21 12 16 1 4 J. Walsh... . ills i7?
239 Manzanllla, 5 104 3 ... 8h 32 82 22, Morgan .. ' 10 No
261 Amasa, 1 109 2 ... 11 2 4 2 2 83 E. Jones.... 8-5 %
247 Silver State, a 104 4 ... 6' 6 4 1 4 3 Devln .. 15 20
_264 Sliver Maid, 5 104 .', ... 41 4 1 C 5 [Ranch ." 10 20
Time— Si. :24>i; ''v. *844: V 1:14%. Perfect start. Won pulling up. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Ryan's I., f.. by Duke of Montrose-Laura W.
• imada won galloping. Aransa stopped.
Scratched— P F 104.
__7__ FIFTH RAGE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. f Jockeys. Op^'cL
2C0 Alaria, 3 108 2 2 h 3% 21 In 16 Thorpe .... . 9-10 7-10
263 Lothian, 3 103 5 42 42 3 ',4 in 2 4 Morgan " i C R
241 Whaleback, 3 108 4 5 5 6 10 6 10 4 4 sy, Ruiz "" e 5
252 Lodestar. 5 113,1 11 11 14 2 >_ 48 "h Shield's"" 2 2
238 Judge Y\ol"fcrd. I.. .108] 6 6 6 6 6 5 6 Johnson "l 50 M
267 Ix)na Marie. 4 U3| 3 3 1__ 2h 4 4 5 4 _ 6 Macklln J 50 100
a , Time— :13; ft' *:.3\'*: ">. l:<g_; L%: V28'4' Good start. Won e_slliyr-Sec"ond and third
driving. Winner, McMahon & fierhardys hr. f., by imp. Watercress-Alary
Alarla is In great form. Lothian ran his race. Whaleback arrrlved late Lodestar
blew up. contrary to custom. ' -,-,u"-=l-r
Scratched— Rosa] bra 108. '
273. SIXTH RACE-One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. %m. 4m. %m.' Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op^cj.
IL.rse. Age. Weight. |8t. ,m. fern. *m. Ktr. Fin. I Jockeys.
Li" Silver Tone. 4 10411 12 12 11 TT TZ r ___„._ _"_ — Ti
,-.- Serr.Tr-..4:::::::^ 1 2 1 \\ ■ \ \ ~X\~\\~ Morgan si \%
204 (lulH-r, 6 106 2 34 3 3 2 1 2 4 \l Sr":. ife
255 Magnus. I Ill 5 4 1 ( Jo *» ifi _t-_CiT -3 4
g wSd,6--::::::^^ V V .',. V V Kta ■•■■■■■ j _
th.rf r^FSto^r^Vead'0" R "^Z
Ma^u^^an^a^fT^e d^n^hl^p^Xry^a'.lo..18 %%$*. "* ™ ™
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
CLEVER CHICAGO FIGHTER
TO MEET ALEC GREGGAINS
m /""\ N November 15 Alec Greg-grains will mingle with Jack Root, the Chicago £
-*- 1 I cyclone, before the Western Club, whoso fistic rxhibitions are held at >
6 11 Woodward's Pavilion. Greggains is known to all followers of the prize- O
•¥ *"••' ring sport, but Root 1b a stranger to San Franciscans, coming here with ■+
© a local record of unblemished victories and a reputation that stands for 6
X something among the pugilists. +
V Quite a crowd of men of sporting proclivities visited Root yesterday after- Q
A noon at his training quarters, Croll's Gardens, Alameda. Root was at the sta- A
V tlon to receive them, and not long after their arrival stripped for action. He V
© is in very fair condition and worked for over an hour, demonstrating to all X
+ that he is a fighter of no mean ability. v
6 Root is the kind of a fighter that glories, In work. Although not a top- $
■r- notcher, he combines cleverness and speed with agility and vigor of youth, a
2 He has a good punch, and judging from the work he did yesterday can stand Q
the wear and tear of a long fight. Ills greatest trick is at the punching bag, >
: 9 and at this sort of work he compares favorably with the best in the business. Q
Z. At present Root tips the scales at 160 pounds, but will weigh In at the ring- +|
! X side a few pounds less. He is not as heavy nor as tall as Greggains, but what O
X he lacks in these two particulars is more than offset by his activity and -f
X youthful strength. Greggains moved his traps to the Six-Mile House yester- O
: 6 day morning and will do his work at that place. >
#+ O +OKHO ♦ O+O ♦<>♦ O+O ♦© 4<HO +OXHO -KH© -KHO> O-KHO KH •
Third race-Six furlongs.
... Tern Smith 102 ?«9 Flarr.away K>2
... st Algnon 102 •■■ I'uke of York...m 2
I 242 l^llamore 102 256 Isabelle 103
Fourth race— One mile.
(236)E1 ' ■- ■•• '■"'• (2«4)6oclaHrt l"o
...'. Meadowthorpe 111 USE li» Happr K'4
.... Topmast in.
Fifth race— One mile and a quarter.
:.-4fastake 101 271 Reolia I'M
B. Morris. ...Wrt (2«3)Opponent 104
230 Frank Jaubert. .1"1
Selections for To-Day.
First race— El Arte. Choteau. Miss p-iphie.
Second race— Faversham, Jennie Reid, Los
Medanos.
Thirl race— Tullamor*. Isabelle, St. Alpion.
Fourth race— Meadowthorpe, Xl Estro, Top
maßt.
Fifth race— Opponent, Reolia, Castake.
The election to-day is the first skir
mish of the gTeat campaign of next
year. Make it a Republican victory
and obtain that much advantage in
I the fight that is to come.
JEFFRIES'
RISE TO
FORTUNE
Champion Now Possessed of
a Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— When the
gong sounded the last Becond of the
twenty-fifth round by which big Jim Jeff
ries for ih>' second time was declared me
heavy-weight champl >n, the contract ex
isting between William A. Brady and the
Lob Angeles boiler-maker was terminat
ed. Th< agreement on the part of Brady
to manage the champion has so far not
boon n-::. wed. John Jeffries, brother of
the champion, declared to-night lliat
when Jim visitor! Los Angeles several
months ago he was worth, according to
his broth i r, fully .M.'.000.
"If you add what Jim made on hia East
ern trip to the 75 per cent he won in the
Sharkey contest," the brother continued,
"Jim is now worth at least Jli^.onj, and
be will make more from now on, as he
has many engagements to fill, if Brady
has Bigned .liui again it will be on an en
tirely new basis."
While' John admits that the company
Jim now travels with Is a little faster
than it formerly was In Los Angeles, Still,
he says, the champion is prudent and
thrifty, and, while He may be liberal, he
will not throw his coin away.
"When Jim was hep. ho gave mother
a big wad." J"hn said. "She has put
that in the bank for him. and it has been
increased by his remittances."
His brother is under the impression
thai the champion may come here
this whiter and may fro to Catalina, where
he "ill lie undisturbed and rest and do
his wnrk in the open air while camping
and bunting.
NEW YORK, Nov. R.— "Jim" Jeffries,
the prizefighter, and his brother John
were arrested to-night after they had
finished a boxing exhibition on the stage
of a theater in this city.. Bail was fur
nished and the men were re-leased pending
a hearing of the case, n j s said that the
arrest at the conclusion of an exhibition
of the recent Hghi with Sharkey at Coney
Island was made for the purpose of test
ing the Hurton law.
Pasadena's Postmaster;
PASADENA, Nov. 6.— On the authority I
of ABsemblycban Mellick. editor of the
Daily News, John W. Wood will be the '
next local Postmaster, succeeding "Web- !
ster Wotkyns, whose term expires De
cember 21. There has been a hard fi-ht I
for the ifflce. Mrs. W. K. Arthur, widow '
of tile 1.-Uo chairman of the Republican
State Convention^ and real estate agent
M. K. Wood were prominent candidates.
Congressman Waters arid Editor Mclick
were together to-day and the announce
m.-nt Is In the News to-night. Waters
leaves for Washington this wfek. Wood
Is a prominent drag-gist and former news
paper editor. He always has worked for
the Republican party and was elected li
brary trustee.
_. ♦ •
Don't forget the importance of vot
ing the Republican ticket straight.
Make the victory complete.
m NERVOUS, WEAK MEN.
f .Are you nervous, weak, dyspeptic, in nain and
4A> A 7' r^ misery trom any trouble which medicine does not
■ if 1 Pl •-.„ v:u :E y EKY WEAK MA "
W§\ M\\l /' \ Knows that drugs will not restore his strength.
F f?P I / I I have been curing these troubles for twlnty
J|\ ;■• fflM«2i t wsaßi t if k n n c r, v w cs h^ i
A^. Ijw7 '\\ / 1 II ' SAN JOSE, Cal - Sept. 4. 1899.
tiffiimrmnt I ' 111 ".em'Vn my'Von'ntVoV.' C T";'^
W/M^tLlM i fflU sained In weight and strength This v ail H,,» t' 6 nMrel >; disappeared and I've
[ I }i I /ill WUh best wish «- 1 am - your! truly, ' S ls aU due to >-° ur Electric Dolt treatment.
1 1 ■ \ liMa' \r it «> i^_i a • RA.N CIS LAN Xi,
[/TV V isr^ftl My Belt has soft chamois cushion electrode and cannot
Vci T FREE BOOK. ffe L ltls * r ated book tells all about my method
N\ / anyhow it cures. I will send it, scaled free on
nD II h Mnl AIIOUI IM 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office H -8« m . to 8:30 P m
IK i¥l It WIP E lillliril IK S.F., and Burdick Block. Sundays, 10 to I.
Ulll 111 l Hi IflULnUUllblli] .Spring and S.eond, Lo. Angela,. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
PUGILISTS
ACCUSED OF
CHEATING
Many Arrests to Follow a
Glove Contest Decided at
Honolulu.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Oct. 31.— Honolulu had a
prize flght last Friday night, and the
aftermath has kept the town lively ever
since. Both the principals have been ar
rested on charges of gross cheating and
later of conspiracy, and Marshal Brown
is now engaged In arresting all who made
bets on the contest, charging them with
gambling.
The contest was between Martin Denny
of Australia and F. J. Armstrong of San
i Francisco, and It was the liveliest ever
i witnessed here. In throe furious rounds
] Denny completely whipped his man,
i knocking him down three times In the
; last round. Deputy Marshal Chillings
; worth stepped Into the ring and put an
I end to the contest, as Armstrong w.is
trying to rise for another knockdown.
The men had agreed that a decision
should be given as soon as the police gave
the siKnal to stop, and the contest was
awarded to Denny.
Aa .soon as the fight was over A. K.
Eldn dge of llilo brought charges of gross
cheating against the two fighters, alleg
ing that they had both told him that the
light was fixed for Armstrong to win and
that he had wagered $530 on the result.
He- alleged that the fight had been a fake.
: Tho case was nolle pressed and Eldredge
then made a charge of conspiracy, filing
: an information against the two fishers
;in the District Court. He avers that they
conspired together to cause him to bet on
• Armstrong and then carried out a con
spiracy to have Armstrong defeated.
Yesterday afternoon Marshal Brown
said he would arrest all bettors on
charges of gambling. There was a large
1 crowd at the ringside in Independence
Hall and much betting was done. Very
many of the leading citizens were present
i and the Marshal's stand has created no
little excitement.
CRUSHED TO DEATH
BY HIS ENGINE
Horrible Accident Occurs to Engineer
on the Iron Mountain Railway
at Keswick.
REDDING, Nov. 6.— William P. Haskill,
engineer on the Iron Mountain Railway,
met with death in a terrible manner near
midnight Sunday. His engine and four
cars Jumped the track and rolled down
the grade. Haskell was caught and his
body severed Into four parts, being
crushed beyond recognition. His fireman,
George Dodge, was painfully although not
seriously injured.
At the time of the accident Haskell was
backing four cars into a switch just above
Koswlck. The conductor and jrakeman
both got off the train to atte..d the
switches. When near the sidetrack, for
Borne unknown cause, the engine jumped
the track. Four cars followed, oiling on
top of the engine at the foot of the grade.
The unfortunate engineer must have been
Instantly killed.
The victim of the accident was reared
in Redding, where he had many warm
friends. His parents reside here. His
father, D. N. Haskell, has been employed
as shotgun messenger on the Redding and
Weavervllle stage for years. Decedent
was unmarried. Sunday was the thirtieth
anniversary of his birth. Just before
starting on the trip that proved his last
he received some pleasant remembrances
of the day from his parents. He remarked
to other "members of the crew that he re
gretted nis Inability to stop *.york and
spend the day with them. The funeral
is set for Tuesday and will be very gen
erally attended.
»
NAME NEW BOARD OF
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
Chief of Police Glass oi Los Angeles
May Be Removed From His
Office Shortly.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— The City
Council this morning appointed a new
police commission for the city, consisting
of L. G. Parker and W. B. Scarborough,
former Commissioners, and Thomas M.
Hughes and R. A. Ling. The Mayor is
the fifth member by virtue of his office.
The old board was ousted last week at a
special meeting because it had uphold
Chief of Police Glass in a reorganization
of the force. After the appointment to
day the Mayor notified the old Commis
sioners to appear at the regular meeting
of the board to-morrow, as he does not
consider their discharge legal. The new
board will also meet to-morrow and may
appoint a new Chief of Police.
ORDER SALOONS TO CLOSE.
Sharp Struggle Projected by Pasa
dena Officials.
PASADENA, Nov. f..— The Sanitary
Board of Lamanrta Park and North Pasa
dena, elected October 10 last, cast a bomb
shell into the camp of the saloon men
by posting 1 notices ordering the saloons
within the district to close on or before
November 14. This action was taken on
the advice of the attorney of the Anti-
Saloon League, C. C. Wright, author of
the Wright irrigation act.
The saloon men claim the right to keen
open until April 1, when their licences
expire. There is little probability that
they will comply with the edict. Tn case
they do not, the Sanitary Board may in
voke the county law to close the saloons
A hot light will be the Inevitable result'
Electric Road for Plumas.
QUINCY, Nov. 6 -The Board of Super
visors to-day accepted the bid of D M.
de I,onc for a franchise to build an elec
tric railroad through Plumas. His bid
for an electric light franchise in Quincy
was also accepted.
Sast
WARING IN
FRONT WITH
TOP WEIGHT
Favorite Easily Wins a Handi
cap for Two- Year- Olds
at Aqueduct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Three favorites,
two outsiders and a well-backed second
choice divided the card at Aqueduct to
day. The track was fast and the sport
well up to the standard. The third race,
a handicap at five and one-half furlong 3
for two-year-olds, was the feature of the
day. Waringr was the favorite, but Sid
ney Lucas, Mauvllla and Hagedon were
all well backed. The start was straggling
and Hagedon rushed out to make the run
ning. Ho led by a length coming Into
the stretch, but stopped when Waring
caught him, and the latter, in spite of his
127 pounds, came on and won easily from
Sidney Lucas, who closed fast through
the stretch. Elfin Conig beat Mauvilla a
head for third place. Results:
Selling:, about seven furlongs— Buffoon won,
Belle of Holmdel second. Sir Florian third.
Time, 1:28.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles— Campania
vron, Strangest second. Our Nellie third. Time,
1:60 2-5. .
Five an.l a half furlonirs— Waring won. Sid
ney Lucas second, Elfin Conig third. Time, 1:08.
Selling, "no and a stxt-enth miles— Flax Spin
ner won, Scotch Plaid second, Brisk third.
Time. 1:49.
One mile and seventy yards— Village Pride
won. The Gardner second. Goal Runner third.
Time, 1:47' 2 .
Five and a half furlongs— Sir Ouy won,
Clales second, The Corinthian third. Time, 1:09.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— "Long Shot" Conley
was set down by the Lakeside judges to
day for the remainder of the meeting for
his ride on the favorite, O'Connell, in the
third race. Georgie was heavily played
and ran O'Connell a close race to the
stretch. There Conley carried Mitchell
with his mount wide and allowed Algar
etta to come through and win. Track
heavy. Results:
S!x furlongs— Jim Gore II won, Eva Wilson
second, Hermoso third. Time. 1:19^4.
One milrt- Wnlkenshaw won, Astor second,
David third. Time, 1:48%.
Five and a half furlongs— Algaretta won,
O'Connoll second. Georgie third. Time, 1:11^.
One mile— Yoloco won, Phalas second, Lovable
third. Time. 1:6014.
Six furlong?— The Monk won, Avenstoke sec
ond. Uunnlvard third. Time. 1:19.
One and an eighth miles— George Lee won.
Double Dummy second, Em third. Time, 1:02%.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6.— Souchon was the only
favorite that won at Newport to-day. Track
very heavy. Kesults:
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Frank McCon
nell wan. Parakeet second, Colonel Cluke third.
Time, 1:54.
Five and a half furlongs — Foneda won,
Troubaline f=*'O.ind, Ktta third. Tlm>\ 1:11%.
One mile. Falling— Ramlro II won, Bell Punch
second. Hampden third. Time. 1:45)4.
Seven furlongs, handicap- Souchon won. Pin
ochle second. Skillman third. Time, 1:31^.
Six furlongs, soiling— Decide won. Albert Vale
second, Juanita third. Time. 1:17.
Lester Reiff on a Winner.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— At the first day of
the Lincoln autumn meeting to-day the
Chaplain Nursery stakes were won by In
nellan. Dowtiham, ridden by Tod Sloan,
was third. The betting was 5 to 2 against
Downham,
In the race for the Dodington maiden
plate Swallowbeek finished third with J
Reiff in the saddle. The betting was 9 to
2 against Swallowbeek.
I Arder won the Brown Town Nursery
i stakes. Rambling Katie, with J. Roiff In
; the saddle, 100 to 7, was second. Sloan
| rode Tithe, 7 to 2. unplaced.
H"lt Castle, with L. Reiff up, 100 to 30
won the Grunby selling plate.
The Yarborough plate was won by
Light Comedy. Misunderstood, 7 to ' ridd
en by J. Reiff, was second and Jolly' Tar
with Sloan up, 100 to 7, finished third
Olympics vs. Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 6.—
The Olympic Club men come down to
morrow afternoon and play Stanford a
return ;?ame on the campus. It is a tradi
tion that the Stanford men cannot be
beaten on their own field, and an .ntercst
ing match is assured. Cairns, one of the
largest men in college and guard on t.ie
second eleven last year, may oe seen in
the game, as he has Just received parental
consent to try for the team; otherwise
the line-up will be much the same as in
last Saturday's game.
IMPORTANT DECISION
AFFECTING OIL FIELDS
Entire Outfit of the Coalinga District
Goes Into the Hands of One
Company.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 6.-In the United
States Circuit Court hf>re this morning
Judge Koss practically decided all of the
matters involved in the pending litigation
over the Coalinga oil Melds in favor of the
complainant, the Nevada Sierra Oil Com
pany, and against the defendants, Chans
lor and Canfleld. Miller and the Home Oil
Company, the court holding that the case
Is one of which the Federal court has jur
isdiction and that it is an action cogniza
ble in eauity and that a receiver would
be appointed upon application. The effect
of this decision is for-reachinp. It practi
cally places in the hands of the com
plainant the entire output of the Coalinea
field, which Is estimated to be more than
60,000 barrels monthly. c man
Wedded Awaiting Death.
A PASADENA W Nov. 6. -Captain Philip
A. Collins of Company I, Seventh Reel
ment and Miss Alice M. Gray were mar
ried this afternoon at Captain p-, „=•
bedside The groom has he'en , SJe?£
days with nervous prostration, and a
there wore fears lest he should not re
cover, the marriage took place Rev J
MiX?. n of the First * % cISrA
A NERVOUS
HEART.
This dan-
gerous condi-
tl o n comes
atl n cornea
from "Weali
/r^-^ffFi Nerve a."
C:^yJ.<m rs Hudyan
cures.
„&- 4;'Z2&* The num-
* l-^^l:^ be r s tell
'^«- "*■ <* ~ whether or
3 ./, J. -ft ■■ 3 not you are
\ ~__^M i n serious
lps*^-'^. danger. Have
r-,,,11 .'. . f'^ you dull or
'//■?•• If Ml iff-. throb bins
/' •I ' l'i\ \\'(r 1 - hea d a dies
A» ill / s' r<f\'tr-' ''- Ing sensations
V I- ' lI 0/ V2i <ng. 2), a
t 7"-S? P ale > haggard
)& A 'Jv .7 / M look (tig. 3).
/ / *<zi33-* y&F sunken eyes
// /" vea^rx /SB or twitching
I / / ''>>■ vr^. of lids (fig.
'-J / &hX fc> 4). vertigo,
r~ }"' / , dizzy spells
6A-? / «^^ik (fig. 5), cow
/•'• A ;--9/f£n£a extremltled
-(:> 7 SVj&M? < fl e- 6). pain
-■X I *%' /AV&k in back (flg.
V ' K^^/fMmrk 7)? Are y< " l
•Vi V*Srft>?///ffi^M. easily worried
' A^V/ofl^i*Wt or excited?
VMWfim\\ Are you irri-
\ 4J fr&mwtykvi table - melan-
fwmm'ww&. choly or for-
/MC* 1- " getful? Hud-
'l\l /7fflt ;■ W\ : * an cures one
vffllj'' ■■'•»•''•■■; ■■'■'<" and all these
m tmWM c° n d itions.
-•^Vf^li ■>■ ,'■•. 'liC for Hudyan
=r\\f, 1 li.V; .!" .' |A^-' ttr engthena
5S>Wi IJ)! V l '- -'\" the nerves
V f-- !*silj\v J> and nerve-
' 1. % 7"^st' IV- ' centers.
cZ^*\ ivJP-v^ .'i*-' in women
-1 \• : -— " the above
v nervous con-
y dltlons are
nearly always
due to uterine or ovarian troubles. Hudyan
cures all such chronic troubles and gives
strength to the delicate maternal organism.
If you suffer with any of the above troubles
don't hesitate, for you need Hudyan. and Hud-
yan Is a positive and permanent cure.
Get Hudyan from your druggist— soc a pack-
are six packages for $2 50. If your druggist
does not keep It, send direct to the Hudyan
Remedy Co., corner Stockton, Ellis and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE-FREE OF CHARGE. CALL
OR WRITE.
j
■ At Auction.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 633 Market Street.
CORNER RESIDENCE.
NX cor. (No. 142) Castro and Fifteenth sts. :
large, elegant modern residence of 11 rooms
and bath and basement; lot 55x120.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Easterly side (Nos. 7. 7<». 11, 11M:) I- e is st.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, Folsom and Har-
rison; 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $44 50; lot
48:5x73.
FIFTEENTH-ST. FLATS.
N. side (2176-78) Fifteenth st.. 105 E of Noe;
2 well-built flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
and basement; rent $30; lot 25x115.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
SE. cor. Mission and Fourteenth Fts. : 2-story
frame building and brick building (Nos. l'Ol to
ISO 7 Mission lit.); lot 160x170.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
N. Bide (No. 1S10) Pine St., 220 feet W. of
(rough: 2-story bay-windowed house of 11
rooms and bath; lot 30x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS LOT.
' W. side of Fillmore Et.. 97 feet S. of Bush •
lot 25x100. .
SHOTWELL-ST. FLATS.
W. side (Nos. 622-622 M.) Shot well St., 156 feet
N. of Twenty-first; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath; rents $30: lot 30x122:6.
STANYAN-ST. LOTS.
N. side Stanyan st., 73 feet N. of Sullivan:
50x107:6; N. side of Sullivan St., 107:6 W. of
Stanyan, 25x137:£.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
W. side (No. 134) r.artlett st.. 120 feet N. of
Twenty-third; cottage of 6 rooms and bath and
stable; rent $20; lot 40x125:6.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
W. side (No. 2705) Howard St.. 70 feet S. of
Twenty-third; eleßant residence of 10 rooms and
bath; lot 40x122 :fi.
ARMY-ST. HOME.
S. side (No. 3845) Army st., 55 feet E. of
Church; modern home of 7 rooms and bath;
rents $1S per month; lot 23x114.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers. 60S Market st.
:
!(25c^SAVED|!
i on /ILL T/\!L^R MADE SUITS I
II by HAVING ! HEn _ naDE at J
BJE j, thejmilor yJ^MM
j 1110-1112 Market st. 1011 Washington St., :
[.2O1 -SO« Montgomery. 143 So^pdng street, j
LSan Frandisco. I Los Angeles. :
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and ail
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27. at 8 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
| DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER IS.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
I EVENINGS. November 24 and 25. from 7 to 3
o'clock. ,
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
>«<aK DO SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
jSt ■& fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
fi£iSv*'~*VZaL life can be restored to you. T c very
Wl -m J*a. worst cages of IVerToun Debility nro
n »5H| absolutely cured by PKKIKiTO
UW jJB T ABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
W ~"M ■ somn ' a - failing memory and the waste
; JStysPaßgy and drain of vital powers, incurred by
; *XJ\tUNO indiscretions or excesses of early years.
- '"T . Impart vigor and potency to very func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give jgami bl'iom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eves of young or old.
i On« 50c box renews vital energy.Wl lie boxes at
•2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure VafSIT i money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest pocket. Sold
; everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE FIBFECTO CO., Caxton Bldf., Chicago, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
V J <f3SStß*fcJ?'«>t m Big «la » non-poiscnox*
H'jSt I^^^^^^^ml remedy for Oonorrhcea,
y^^TCVUKb^^ Gleet. Spermatorrhoea!
/jggaMnltoadayi. 1 *!! Whitoa, nnnaturol dia«
BjfXSg Qcsranwel E3 charges, or »ny inflamrav
M*mm not «o KrUtoro. "* tlon, irrit«:lon or ulcfra-
B* n|Pr«Tcat« contagion, tlon of > . uco n ,: mom-
-I>»ITH£EvAN3 OHEW!n>lf!o. branos. Non-astringunt.
MB c:ncinnati,o .■ I Sold bT *>"T»ar*ri»»i*,
'IB&WW X! T. x *3v3T or nt ' : plain wrapper.
, <£^^^^^^^^^o^| »"xpr* s «i prepaid, fot
\ J^^^m" B CUxciuAi tent <Mt (•vacflk
; Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
, itrt&rtb to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
1 Weetly Call $1.80 WtmirWILL SEND TROOPS TO THE RELIEF OF WHITE
General Redvers Buller Compelled to
Change His Plan for the Invasion of the
Transvaal — Some Fighting Near Lady
smith, but the British War Office With
holds Information.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— The Daily Telegraph, speaking oF
Great Britain's naval preparations, says this morning :
"A particular service squadron, consisting of Four
of the swiFtest cruisers in the navy, will be completed
to-day, and atter coaling it will await orders from the
Admiralty. This squadron will probably make even
more effective than at present the great patrol of the
ocean now being carried out by our warships along the
whole coast of Africa. The Channel squadron is at
Gibraltar, while cruisers are at Las Palmas, St. Vin
cent and other points on the route to the Cape. Brit
ish warships are continually passing and repassing
through the Suez Canal."
LONDON, Kov 7, 4:3(1 a. m.— This morning-*? news carries public knowledge
with respect to hostilities in South Africa very little further than the
evacuation of Colenso and Storrr\berg. These movements, taken together
with the Admiralty announcement that the public must not be disappointed
should the transports not reach their destination on the dates Indicated in
the published lists, may indicate some change of plan necessitated by the bad po
muf affairs In Natal. It was expected that the army corps would land
:•* Town for an invasion of 'ho Transvaal through the Orange Free
State, but the landing may now be diverted to Durban, Natal, whither it la
fully expected Lieutenant General Sir Redvers Buller will go within a week to in
vestigate the situation for himself.
There is also possibility of a movement through Delagoa Bay. and the Ad
mlralty notice regarding the transports simply means, in all likelihood, that news
of their * movements is to be suppressed. Stormberg was understood to be the
depot where store! ts, guns, ammunition and all the commissariat detail of
the Third Division were In process of accumulating. The stores have been re
mov urn and an obvious explanation of their removal arises from
the Boer advance from Bethulie and Aliwal North.
In view of the near approach of British reinforcements, Boer invasion of
t'npp Colony could hardly be regarded very seriously. There may. therefore, be
another reason for the withdrawal and the stores destined by repute for
Queenstown may be intended for East London or Durban. It may be General
Buller's intention to send on Colonel Lord Paul Methuen's division, composed
of Guards and British brigades, to th« Immediate assistance of Natal. For the
use of that division a diversion may be intended of some of the stores of the
Third Division, which are in the hardest position to be forwarded.
Reports that Rose Mead and Naauwpoort are also to be evacuated all seem to
corroborate the idea that General Buller's lirst business will be to relieve Sir
George Stewart White.
.»d that the Orange Free State now has 11,000 men concentrated
against. Kimberley and on the Free State southern frontier. Opposed to them
are only TumO British troops. The towns which He open to their attack are Ali
wal North. Burghersdorp, Bteynburg, Barkley and Moletto.
A dispatch from Pietermaritzburg dated Friday reports that railway com
munication with Ladysmlth is severed, the Boers having effected a lodgment at
Noltorpe, south of Ladysmlth about seven miles. Among those invested at
...smith are Colonel Rhodes, brother of Cecil Rhodes, Sir John Willoughby
: it is believed, Dr. Jameson, as well as most of the press correspondent
• ably the Earl of Ava, son of the Marquis of Dufferin and Ava. Ail the ('ape
railroads are now in the hands of the military authorities. Five hundred toi
•.stuffs were seized on board the steamship Maria, at Hurl. an, consigned to
:"or the Transvaal. Twenty missionaries have arirved at l>urban
from Swaziland after many narrow escapes.
It is reported from Boer sources that the big gun with which General Cronje
had hoped to demolish Mafeking is not a success. It is believed to be a
Sch: net gun, weighing, with the cartridges, about ten tons. The recoil
nendous as to throw the gun out of gear every time it is fired. After
using pon two days the Boers gave it up.
The Morning Post hears from Maseru, Bamitoland, that the Boer attempt to
lnci*' gainst the British has failed.
It is ! that when the time comes to arrange terms of peace Natal
will claim an apportionment of territory which, beside recompensing 1 the colony
for l.>s<es sustained, will place it in a position less open to attack in the future.
Then • wed rumors of another engagement at Elands Laagte with se
vere- Boer losses.
It Is reported from Cairo that the German steamer Zanzibar, bound for Zan
zibar, arrived at Port Said without passeno-rs and that, having embarked thirty
: and watched by the British cruiser Fearless.
NO NEWS, BUT PLENTY
OF THRILLING RUMORS
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The War Office an- |
nounced at midnight that no dispatches !
hail been received beyond those already i
ma.de public and that nothing furtner |
would be i.ssued before noon to-day. Thus \
not a solitary' official item of news has I
been posted for nearly twenty-four hours, j
This has given rise to a crop of rumors |
that Ladysrr.lth's ammunition is exhaust- ,
ed: that Sir George Stewart White is mor- |
tally wounded; that both facts are being
concealed and that other unlucky hap- I
penir.gs have taken place. For all of these j
reports there Is absolutely no foundation. |
At the same •.me the Britisher has had |
little to j-timulate him within the last :
twenty-four hours except the news of the
confident attitude of the Ladysmith garri- j
eon and its slight successes last Tnursday
and Friday.
Advices from other parts of South Af- :
rica are distinctly unpalatable arm every- |
thing points to a critical situation in Na- ;
tal and the northern portions of Cape
Colony, likely to grow more acute until
General White Is either relieved or de
cisively defeated. Nobody dares to think
of capitulation. Rather than that he is ,
expected. 111 last resort, if Ladysmith be- i
comes untenable, to make a desperate ef
fort to cut his way through the Boers j
back into lower Natal and to join hards ,
•with the garrison there, which is now al
most certain to be reinforced by the first \
arrivals of the corps from England and :
to be pressed forward to renew touch
with him. ,; : . n._*
It la generally assumed, however, that
General White, with the aid of the naval
guns, will be able to cope with any oom
bardmont. and the Idea that the Boers
could take Ladysmith by assault Is scout- ■
ed as absurd. The defense thus depends
on the uninterrupted working of the na
val guns. Right here arises the impor
tant questions; upon which the dispatches
have thrown no light, whether thenavaJ
guns, which themselves only armed at .
the last moment, have with them suffl- ,
dent ammunition to reply to abombard- ,
ment lasting possibly several ■wee.ts. it
not it is hafdlV. likely that works^ «£Mii
a small town like Lad J for the 4.7 guns
the special shell needed for 4 < gjins.
v.r, there is n< l^H tor re
••- at ladysmith for re
C^;.i ! n n whV.e eS vaSi ce e ll3 remark in th* dis
patches point to the impending arrival of
turther big Boer guns f rom Johannes i
bur? to bo mounted among the hills
wkhin range of Ladysmith Such con- I
siderations explain the anxiety felt re- ,
pardins General White's movements and
position; not only by the public, but in
official circles. _ . . . „_
The British retirement to Estcourt has
given the impression that it is Intended
to make a stand there. Estcourt is the
las»t important town between the '•"'•' s
und the capital of Ladysmith and If the
Boers sweep past Estcourt nothing can
stop them from laying siege to Pletermar
itzburg. which cannot be expected to
make a protracted defense, while Its fall
would be a tremendous blow to I'.ntisn
prestige throughout South Africa.
Already the British retirement south of
Colen has given the Boers an oppor
tunity to make a bid for the active sup
port of the disaffected Dutch in Natal
by proclaiming the annexation of the
upper Tugela section. Thus far the Dutch
colonists si-om to have confined their sym
pathy with the invading Boers to a pla
tonlc emotion. Except for surreptitious
assistance there is no evidence that they
have yet joined the Boers openly in any
appreciable numbers. !
The reported British retirement from
Btormberg Junction, however, will be fol
lowed doubtless by a similar Boer procla
mation annexing the portions of Cape
Colony lying directly south of the Orange
Free State. These proclamations, as in
the cose of Bechuanaland, have been and
will be immediately followed by British
counter proclamations, but to the eyes ut
the Dutch farmers the presence of one
Boer commando is probably more impre.-s-
Bive than the expectation of the arrival
of the whole British army in the more or
less distant future.
The British newspapers publish a list
of the transports due to arrive at Capo
Town from to-day. According to this
some 20,000 men should reach the cape by
the end of next week, but the admiralty
Issued a chilling warning last evening to
the effect that no disappointment must
be felt by the public if the transports
should not arrive at the dates mentioned
dates, which the War Office Bays, are
"based In many cases upon too sanguine
expectations."
The French press has been cheerfully
announcing me issue or letters of marque
by the Transvaal Government and pre
dicts the havoc which privateers may
work among British merchantmen anil
?ven transports. In this Paris Journalism
linds In part an explanation for the mob
ilization of the British special service
squadron. The view taken by the German
press of the same matter is interesting.
Berlin Journalism treats the suggestion
Df privateering with skepticism. The V"O3
sische Zeitung says: "Privateering Is no
longer recognized by International law
and the Transvaal is not in a position to
issue letters of marque, as it possesses
neither ports nor harbors. Attempts at
privateering must, consequently, be re
garded, not only by Great Britain, but
by neutral powers, as unlawful warfare
and to be treated as common piracy. ''
The American hospital fund is Increas
ing steadily. More than £11,000 is now In
hand, Including £1000 from Mrs. Samuel
Newhouse and £100 each from Mrs. Eu
gene Kelley and Mrs. C. P. Huntington.
The executive committee decided that the
whole personnel of th ship, doctors,
nurses and crew shall come from the
United States, the only Englishman being
the chief medical officer.
An allied fund will be opened in Paris.
Mr. Hargc-s of Drexel, Harges & Co. has
Issued a call for a meeting to form a com
mittee. Lady Randolph Churchill has sent
him the following telegram: "The execu
tive committee thanks you for your co
operation and hopes you may work as ef
fectively as we are working here."
Last evening her Majesty wired In re
ply to a telegram from the Crimea Vete
rans' banquet at Portsmouth: "The
Queen vividly recalls your campaign and
feels sure that the Crimean veterans
must feel proud of their younger com
rades now fighting in South Africa."
The Daily Mall has received the follow
ing dispatch from Stormberg, dated last
Friday evening:
"An Orange Free State force 2000 strong
is now at Pewns farm, half wav between
the Orange River and Burghersdorp The-
Boers are waiting there for the arrival of
jooo reinforcements from Rouxvllle and
Bloemfontein before moving on Storm
berg. There is a third Free State force at
Colesberg. The signaling in the Boer
camp was plainly visible from here last
night.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Times telegraphs that various rumors are
afloat there . regarding Russian designs
upon Afghanistan. .
-— ♦
BOERS FIRE VELDT
AND MAGAZINES EXPLODE
LONDON, Nov. 7.-The Daily Mall pub
llshes the following dispatch from Klm
berley, dated Wednesday, by way of Pope-
town, Saturday, November 4:
"This morning the Boers iTred the veldt
near Bronfield, seven miles fm m KJmber
ley, and this afternoon tho flamc-s set on
fire th*- smaller of the two magazines ex
ploding the dynamite with a terrific re
port. FortunatHv no one was injured
The veldt is still burning and it is feared
that the larger magazine, wherp thpre are
1200 case* of dynamite, will be ignited"."
LADYSMITH IS NOW
COMPLETELY SURROUNDED
DURBAN, Natal. Nov. 8. — Evening
(Delayed In Transmission.)— It Is said that
the Colenso grarrison saved all the stores,
tents, kits, etc.* The Boers numbered about
5000 men, comprising a fresh corps of the
Orangre Free Staters. The armored trains
did splendid service, taking a detachment
of the Dublin Fuslleers to relieve an out
lying- fort, garrisoned by volunteers. Re
assuring reports have been received re
garding the position at Pletermaritzburg.
LONISON, Sow 6.— The officials of the
British War < iffico, when shown the dis
patch from Durban of November 3, said
they had no further news regarding the
military situation In Natal, but thought
no undue significance should be attached
to the* concluding phrase. They could not
say whether the railroad to Ladysmith
was Intact, but they admitted that Lady
smith is now completely surrounded.
Republicans should see to it that
San Francisco starts the new era un
der a Republican administration.
BOERS ARE CLAIMING
A NUMBER OF VICTORIES
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 6.— A dispatch from
Maseru, Basutoland, dated Friday even-
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
Norvals Pont Bridge Over the Orange River, Which Has Been Captured by the Boers.
This structure, the largest and most important on the whole Midland Railroad system, is 320 miles from Port Elizabeth and 50 miles from Naauw Port Junction,
where the road from De Aar on the Cape Town- Kimberley road comes in. Its destruction will greatly impede Sir Redvers Buller's advance on Bloemfontein.
TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION NORTH
OF ESTCOURT ENTIRELY STOPPED.
PTETERMARITZBT'RG, Natal, Sat
urday afternoon. Nov. 4.— The gen
eral commanding the line of com
munication with Maritzburg has ar
rived with his staff at Est
Telegraphic communication north
of Estcourt is entirely stopped. The na
tives report that the Boers received a
crushing blow at Ladysmith Thursday.
This is not 'officially confirmed, but it is
■ ally believed.
r (evening")— The British forces at
Ladysmith, it now appears, were engaged
twice successfully on Thursday and on
Friday. It is reported cavalry- scored
Ily and that the infantry did great
ition with bayonets, the Gordon
anders carrying the principal Boer
position at the point of the bayonet. The
rs lost heavily in killed and wounded
ttnd a number surrendered.
ESTCOURT, Natal. Nov. 3.— Colenso is
now in the hands of the Boers. Before
the evacuation was derided upon the en
emy tried to cut off the British outposts.
Ing. says that since Magistrate L<agden's
warning that their Interference with the
Kasutos would cause an uprising the
have been letting the Basutos cross
the river into Basutoland. Thr- natives,
however, continued to complain that they
v. . re bfing robbed of their savings by the
authorities. There is no disguising from
the natives that the British Buffered a re
verse a! T.adysmith. It has been explained
to the Europeans as a mere incident of
the war and they regard it as insignifi
cant. It was thought better that every
body should know, the dispatch adds,
■■and not follow the republic's methods of
■ riling reverses both from the Euro
peans and Basutos, who have implicit
faith in the Imperial Government."
The repulse of the Free State forces Oe
[ONDOA|^ L^p tfONGKONO &%
Encircles the $lobe with its. woHd famed I^xative, remedy
for sale by the reputable DruSsi s ts throughout the world Price 50 cents per bottle
THE HIGHEST OBJECT
Of the art of advertising is to correctly
inform the public of the merits of any
article, and truthful statements always
prove most effective in time. The val-
uable reputation acquired by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co., by reason of the
excellence of the pleasant laxative rem-
edy. Syrup of Figs, which it manufac-
tures, confirms the statement which thf-
company freely makes, that the best
of remedies only should be used when
required by the human system. If a
laxative remedy is required the most
gentle and effectual — Syrup of Figs
Bhould be given the preference over the
The Durban Light Tnfantry under Lieiv
tenant Molineaux ami a force of Dublin
Fusileers were sent to the relief of the
outposts and a brisk fight ensued. The
were repulsed, leaving twelve deart.
Twenty Boer horses were killed and the
otht rs stampeded.
The chief motive for the withdrawal,
however, was that the long range of the
Boers, had made the position untenable.
No orders were received for retirement.
While retirement was in progress the
Natal volunteers at Fort Wylie had great
difficulty in getting away their nine
poundn- in the dark. They were advised
t" spike the gun, but were exceedingly
unwilling to do this, resolving to make
a determined effort to take it with Hum.
While they were running th» gun on its
carriage down a hill .the ropes broke aort
gun and carriage rushed on, the latter
being smashed at the bottom of the in
cline. Nothing daunted, the plucky fel
lows undertook t<> carry the weapon it
self, which had not been damagi d, and
toher 27 Is claimed by the Boers to have
been a brilliant victory, and they say at
Elands Laagte the British fh-d and that
at Ladysmlth the Boors retired because
they had expended their ammunition. I'm.-
Boers also assert that General White was
killed and that certain documents were
found on his body.
Certain residents of Colesburg are freely
communicating with the Boer force across
the river.
LITTLE HOPE OF
PEACE AFTER THE WAR
LONDON*. Nov. 6.— The Westminster
Gazette In a study of the situation re
old-time cathartics and liver medicines,
which were disagreeable to the taste
and frequently injurious as well. The
more one takes of salts and pills the
more constipated the system becomes;
whllo on the other hand one enjoys both
the method and results when Syrup of
Figs is taker.. It is pleasant and re-
freshing to the taste and acts gently
yet promptly on the kidneys, liver and
bowels; cleanses the system effectual-
ly, dispels colds, headaches and fevers
and overcomes habitual constipation
permanently; also biliousness and the
many ills resulting therefrom. The
great trouble with all other purgatives
and aperients is not that they fail to
act, when a single dose is taken, but
that they act too violently and inva-
they got It here safely.
The Boers shelled Colenso camp at
dawn to-day, being apparently unaware
if tho evacuation. They !o..ti>d the stores,
but did not harm the bridges, saying that
would want the railway themselves.
The women and children here are crowd
ing the trains bound for Pietermaritzburg
and Durban.
HEAVY FIGHTING
NEAR LADYSMITH
ESTCOI'RT. Natal. Saturday. Nov. 4,
4 p. m. — It is reported that the Boers lost
800 in killed and wounded and captured
in Thursday's battle on Tatham's farm,
near Ladysmith.
ESTCOURT, Natal, Saturday, Nov. 4,
noon.— A reliable messenger has just ar
rlved from Ladysmith, passing the Boer
lines during the night, who reports that
heavy fighting occurred on Thursday
around Ladysmith. The heat of the en
gagement was on George Tatham's farm,
; views the British Government's policy
i and even holds out little hope for peace
S after the war. It says:
"Rhodes' former policy of working with
the Dutch was what might be termed a
liberal imperialist policy. but when
Rhodes lost patience and when the Jame
son raid failed it became obvious that the
Colonial Office had. to all intents and
purposes, adopted Rhodes' new views.
The Dutch on their side became suspi
cious. The Transvaal In particular hard
ened its heart against the Uitlanders and
devoted itself to arming in defense of its
Independence. For three years we let
I these grievances accumulate and arma
j ment continue, when wisdom should sure
; ly have suggested that these grievances
should have been taken up in detail.
Every effort was made to remove sus
riably tend to produce a habit of
body requiring constantly augmented
doses.
The excellence of Syrup of Figs is due
not only to the originality and simplic-
ity of the combination, but also to the
care and skill with which it is manu-
factured by scientific processes known
only to the California Fig Syrup Co.,
and therefore we wish to impress on all
the importance of accepting the true
and original remedy only. When buy-
ing note the full name of the company
—California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on
the front of every package.
In the process of manufacturing the
pleasant family laxative made by the
California Fig Syrup Co., and named
Syrup of Figs, figs are used, as Uiey
on the Orange Free State side of P.ester's.
The British drove the Boei-3 back to their
ramp. The enemy suffered great los^s
and thirty mounted Boers were captured.
The fighting- was resumed yesterday
(Friday i. the Boers firing from Nosdw.uh
shana Hill, near Hepworth's farm. They
w< re driven back with loss to their camp.
A large Boer force with artillery, under
John Wessetts, has taken up a position
on the left of Beacon, locating on the
AVoodhouse, Picciones and I.angvaracht
farm, facing Bester's, and a small com
mando is now encamped on the south side
of Pieters station, commanding the rail
way.
The Boers have torn up the culverts of
the railway near Pieters station and have
burned the woden portions.
Xo damage had yet been done at
Colenso. The houses, stores, railway and
iron bridges remain Intact.
The messenger says he heard that the
Boers would be in Colenso to-day and
tlint the volunteers were leaving.
\fuch regret is felt at the unnecessary
alarm being created at Maritzburg, when
there is no need for it. The Xatal Naval
corps, with guns, will return to Maritz
burg to-day to reassure the Inhabitants.
plcion and check the militarism of the
Transvaal.
"At the end wo emerged with the view
that the Dutch were our natural ene
mies, whose armament was intended not
as seemed naturally probable to secure
them against assaults on their independ
ence, but to destroy British power in
South Africa. To this view Chamberlain,
Sir Alfred Mllner and, more tardily, the
whole Tory party were converted. Honed
the conclusion that war was inevitable
and that the franchise Issue negotiations
were unimportant."
•►
The election to-day is the first skir
mish of the great campaign of next
year. Make it a Republican victory
and obtain that much advantage in
the fight that is to come.
are pleasant to the taste- but the me-
dicinal properties of the remedy are
obtained from an excellent combina
tion of plants known to be medici
nally laxati- , and to act most
beneficially.
As the true and original remedy
named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
by the California Fig: Syrup Co only a
knowledge of that fact will assist in
avoiding the worthless imitations man.
ufactured by other parties. The hi^h
standing of the California Fig Syrup
Co. with the medical profession and
the satisfaction which the genuine
Syrup of Figs has given to millions of
families make the name of the com-
pany a guarantee of the excellence of
Its remedy.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
This dread disease 1.- now becominz prevalent
Beware of that "slight couKh." also that •>liunt oold
—it Is tho GRIP. It oan be quickly oured by the use oi
Duffy"® Pure
Mali Whiskey
m directed, if taken in time. It not only
CURES
th» Grip, but stimulates the blo»J to healthy action
and prevents bad after-effects.
New York City.
Genttrmm •— I have been uslni* your PURE MALT
■WHISKEY for the Grippe, and find it has helped rat
wonderfully. M. Hall, 81 1 West 26th St.
Vermilllon. Ills.
GentUmm .—I hare had the Grippe and DI'FFY'a
MALT WHISKEY has done me 'more good than
any doctor's medicine. Please »end me two mori
bottle*. Hits. Hjlbt A. Banta.
I Government stamp marks the genuine. Drnecisti
usually sell it. If yours doe* not. a bottle will b«
•ent you. prepaid, for SI ; six for $5. Valuabla
■ book of information sent free on application.
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, N. Y.
I Will Give $1000
-glCft]^!^^. If I fail to cure any
V Ik CANCER ortumorl
fff&J iBSttBBK^ A.H»^ treat r>t- >r»M t scat •
nuSr 4 *^ ■it^SJfc, ters or affects lne
j nVis or other
fill *£§&*. Is No Pain l
"7 W$ No Pay
yd. % W)J Until CureA
jS^s£ti®+\ p^ :<5 years' experl-
\ pWPRSSSsBjMtv / encc. iooo cancers
V '^^i§ v. ii ( ,-, v in my offices in
\ // / alcohol. Lady attend-
\,. zt/tf? * ant. Any hard
■jtjjw^i^r'hi''^'^' ; -"^<^V lump anywhere
i^^^^S^^Any lump In t
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE .
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to pome one WITH CANCER.
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
Midway Between
Goalinga and McKiiirick Districts.
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited Quantity of Treasury Stock now for
sale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
ivis-Y OR JORDAN great
\ MUSEUM OF aKATOMY^
A Qj) IOSIMASSSTCT.tet.S-liTth. S.F.C:I. A
j T Ot' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i XgM disease j>«-^iti»«-lj. cured ;iy the oldest T
Q MBS 9AI Specialist en the Coast 36 years O
A i§K A OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES £
A »fij|*B^tS Consultation free and strirtly private. \
fjP <5k B Pot. lne Cure in every case undertaken. *T
APi if la Write for Bnok. PRILOSUI-.HV of i
¥• II I ! BAHBIACK, MAILED FREE. 'AT
A ft 11' va '" a ' ) l e book for mm) >
! ' »U. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. F. f
~/-*A B fcrm B>3 B <tag KB
330 MARKET
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 18&8, and for the year ending on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .$300,000 00
ASSETS. " ' ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $559.41100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15.000 00
Cash in Company's Office ' 1,727 74
Cash in Banks 24,224 28
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,926 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 45.56S 27
Bills receivable, ' not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 00
Total Assets 1649,408 43
LIABILITIES. ~~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $2,136 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 14,90121
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $138,275 S2: re-
Insurance 50 per cent 69,137 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $109,213 64;
re-insurance pro rata 64.298 7«
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 2.832 43
All other liabilities 18,842 S3
Total Liabilities ■■ .$172.149 77
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $188,037 69
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 22.61S 63
Received for profit on sale of secur-
ities 5.211 50
Total Income $215,867 54
: •
EXPTBNTJITURES.
2."et amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $32,122 42 losses of previous
years) $110,499 05
Dividends to Stockholders 18.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41.118 28
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc...... 15, 374 38
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 6,52? 02
All other payments and expenditures.. 18.058 78
Total Expenditures $212,578 47
Looses lncui.ed during the year. fire.. $95,119 23
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year VAVV $23,953.707 $257.512 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 23.054,711 249.955 93
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898 22.354.315 247.489 48
FRANCIS PEABODT. President
HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary. l * '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this "t>.
day of Febiuary. 1899. ' s <ta
GEO. M. AMERIGE.
Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
Genera! Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California Street
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI^
56
I
TUESDAY .' NOVEMBER >, 1899 j
JOHN D SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. !
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager, j
nTuLJCATIO.^ OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 3. F
Telephone Main 18*8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to £21 Stevenson Street
T«l*rrt><Tie Main lS?i. j
DELTVXRED BY CARRIERS.. 15 CENT 3 PEB WEEK.
filnsls Cop'eo, 5 ceot«.
Tenrs by Moll. Including: Porta*»:
DAILY CALL (Including Sun<Jsy Call), ore year $0.00
DAILY CAIjL (Inolufltnf ?anday Ca!l>. £ month« 3.00
DAILY CALL Inclutflag fmrtay Call), S montUi .... 1.30
DAII/X CAT i^— .' y Single Month 05c
BOKDAT CALL M Year I.CO
WEEKLY CALL Oae Year  1-00
\V. . ■ ~c-:*r* are auf.bori-e1 to receive ■übsertption*.
tjunjjlfc copie* will b» fonrar3ed ■when rj^uestod. I
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S,
Manser Foret&n Advcrttsinfi. .Marquetto Building, j
Chicago. !
NEW YORK CORRESPONDS
C. C. CARLTON Herald GqnnrQ
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKiiNS <JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bherman Howe; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel}
Fremont House; AuuUorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Urentano. SI tTnlon Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
bRANCH OFFICES— SST Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lor^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
i£4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 105 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty^
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
California— "The Shadow."
Tl voll— ' 'L' Af rlcalne."
Alcazai- — "Nerves."
Grand Opera-house — "Th» Merry Monarch."
.New Alhambra— Mile. Flfl, from Paris.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Centra! Park— Steeplechase End ■rformances.
Western Turf Association, San Mateo County— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. Watklns— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1517 Mis-
sion street.
By Easton. Eldridga it Co.— Tuesday, November 14, at 12
o'clock. Rtal Estate, at CM Market street.
By Yon Rhe'.n & Co^— Thursday, November 16, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at ri3 California st.
ATTENTION, REPUBLICANS!
. 1 J ITH iteration and reiteration Phelan, his or- ;
Y\/ gans and his friends have declared this elec- j
rion to be virtually a non-partisan contest, a
struggle in which national issues are not at stake,
cue with which national parties have nothing to do.
All such declarations, however, have been made for
Republican consumption. There has been a different
doctrine taught in Democratic circles and to Demo
cratic ward bosses.
Yesterday noon there was conspicuously dis- i
played in Phelan's evening organ a letter from An- i
drew S. Hallidie protesting against foisting national i
.' or party politics into municipal elections. That let- !
ter was designed to entice Republicans into voting
for Phelan, its object was to induce as many of them
as possible to turn aside from their own party and
its honored leader to vote for Phelan.
In the same issue there appeared a notice of what
the organ called an enthusiastic meeting held at j
Democratic headquarters of the Thirty-third Assem- j
bly District under the auspices of the county com- j
mittee, delegates to the late convention and repre
sentative members of the Democratic party of the
district. At that meeting, according to the Phelan
organ itself, there was unanimously adopted the fol- j
lowing resolution: "Resolved, That any member of
. the Democratic party found working against any ■
candidate on the Democratic ticket be read out of the j
Democratic party of the Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict."
Mark the contrast! Republicans are told to protest
against "foisting" national politics into a municipal
campaign. Democrats are warned that if found work
ing against the party ticket they will be read out of
. the party. It is to be a non-partisan year for Re- ;
publicans, but a strictly partisan year for Democrats.
That is the Phelan dodge.
Is it possible any intelligent Republican can be
■ taken in by such a political flim-flam me as that?
Mr. Phelan is an artful dodger indeed, but can he
work so transparent a trick with success before the
open eyes of men of common sense?
It is not in one district only, that the Democratic
bosses have lined up all the push and pull of their j
party and have begun cracking the whip over the rank ;
and file. Throughout the city the Democrats will
be brought to the polls to vote their party ticket, and !
if Phelan win the fact will be hailed as a victory for !
Democracy. It is only to Republican ears the Phe
lanites talk of eliminating party politics from the con
test.
• The issue is before Republicans. Are they to per- I
mit themselves to be deceived by such a confidence j
game as that which has been attempted and exposed,
'or will they stand up for their party, rebuke hypo
critical pretense and win a victory for the party of
jjroipcrity and the prosperity of the city?
*
The managers -ii Mayor Phelan must believe that I
. ht is. either very heavy or very light. He must be \
Otic or the other when the entire Democratic ticket ;
. h to iff, sacrificed to save him from the wreck of i
;,«,->-'„' tii',,'. ambitions.
ff, s*'j>Ur,-i u> sacrifice most of the Democratic *
-.<.■• a* : ft/t a favored trio Mayor Phelan has evi
/v-y f,x/*;>\ hitmelf into a belief that there is
■ • >■>. >.'.•£ iMffl than nonsense in his own contention
. ; :.-".wise.
M HiitfttA fJ.-'if flic Yellowstone gev«ers are
fryrrYgf n;> Uit4 fflSf Sflori cease to spout; and that is
.' .- . •>j* n( »A tf*iwt;eii ?)icm And Billy Bryan.
'fV, fff&fffrj ii>'>tii)uti the victors will be telling
t,. •; tf if j.y f "[ u>\<\ you 10," and the vanquished
• U uadttUlg Uow it happened
- i
"T~" HE elections in Eastern States to-day will have a great influence on party leadership,
party action and the fate of parties in the campaign of 1900. But it is not saying too
much to say that the election in this city, in all those respects, ranks in importance with
the result in many States. On the alignment of 1896 President McKinley carried Cali
fornia by a very narrow margin. The total vote was 298,072, of which McKinley had
146,472, Bryan 1 44. 760. 1 'aimer 1730, Levering 2562, Bentley 931, and Matchett 1611,
leaving McKinley with a plurality over Bryan of 1706, but in the minority of the whole
vote of 5133.
In the gubernatorial election of 1898 the total vote was 287,055, of which Gage re
ceived 148.354, Maguire 129,261. llarriman 5143, and McComas 4297, giving Gage a
majority over all of 9653. San Francisco, Alameda, Sacramento and Santa Clara gave an
aggregate Republican majority of 10,017, without which the party would have been
beaten. The total vote was 11,017 short of the total of 1896. Maguire's vote fell oft
15,505 from Bryan's, and Gage gained 2882 on McKinley. Add to Maguire's vote the
is. 505 Democrats who snubbed the polls, and Gage would have been in a minority of the
total vote of 5852, or atrille more than McKinley's minority in 1896.
These figures should teach and exhort Republicans as to the political condition of
this State and their duty in to-day's election. Phelan can be elected only by Republican
votes. Every man with sense enough to mark his ticket knows what will be the effect of
such election. It will mean the getting together of all elements of the opposition in a
gigantic effort to carry the State next year. True blue Republicans have done their duty
in this campaign. They have spared no legitimate means to win a victory for clean mu
nicipal government in the hands of their party as an argument for the support of its ticket
next year. That the party needs this victory should be well understood by every Repub
lican. The Phelan Democrats are making no mistake about it. They feel that the issue
is vital in its bearing on next year's contest. They are perfectly aware that nothing suc
ceeds like success. They know that if they can coax Republicans to elect Phelan and de
feat 1 )avis the steadfast element in the party will tire of being defeated by bolters. They
know that the bolters themselves will be out next year calling Republicans to stand by
their ticket, and that the spectacle will make indifferent thousands of good Republicans
who will be still stung by this year's defeat. The Phelan-McXab-Rainey combination,
while professing to bolting Republicans to be harmless as a dove, is as wise as a serpent.
With a so called Republican Mayor in Oakland maundering his support to Phelan.
while holding an office given him by a straight party vote, the disease with which Phelan
is attempting to inoculate Republicanism here will spread there, and California will either
be lost to the party next year or saved by an exhausting effort. If a Republican lag in
his duty to-day and do it not, he need expect no sympathy when the consequences of his
neglect are upon him.
DISHONORABLE TACTICS.
WHEN Joseph Britton, after accepting a nomi
nation for the office of Supervisor from the
Republican party, waited until the last mo
ment and then deserted, giving his party a stab in
the back as he went, it was believe. l Mich dishonor
able tactics would not soon be repeated in San Fran
cisco politics. The unexpected, however, has hap
pened. A. S. Hailidie has become an imitator of
Britton. He also has deserted his party, an<l nas
timed his desertion so that his attack could neither be
guarded against nor refuted.
Honorable men will not envy the record made by
these allies of Phelan. If Britton had an honest be
lief that the Phelan ticket was better than any the
Republicans could nominate he should have stood for
Phelan from the start. There was evidently a design
in the trick he played, and the design does more
credit to his cunning and his malice than to his sin
cerity or his self-respect.
Haliidie has had week? of time in which to an
nounce his protest against a consideration of na
tional politics in this campaign. During the whole
period of debate and discussion he kept silent. His
course was as secret and as sneaking as that of a
«nake in the grass. When he thought it too late for
Horace Davis to reply, Hailidie struck at him. That
is the record. If such dishonorable tactics profit
Phelan anything we mistake the sentiment of the peo
ple of San Francisro.
When Mayor Phelan was heralded as the "hero"
of a gallant rescue of a fireman, who had already
been placed beyond the reach of harm, it was not
suspected that his Honor was making the prelimin
ary pose of the tableau that makes him politically
the central figure of the Fire Department.
EVIDENCES OF PROSPERITY
REPORTS from the Atlantic seaboard States are
to the effect that the demand? of traffic have far
exceeded the ability of the transportation com
panies. Ships are said to be waiting at the docks for
! cargoes that have not arrived, merchants wait for the
delivery of goods ordered long ago, and the internal
trade of the country is retarded by v lack of cars to
carry it on.
A striking illustration of the extern to which the
demand for transport:' ion exceeds the present ca
pacity of the railways is given in the fact that two
railways alone, the Pennsylvania and the New York
Central, have recently placed orders for 15,000 coal
and freight cars. It is to be noted, moreover, that
| these cars are to be of the . parity! About
j twenty-five years ago the ordinary freight car had a
capacity of 20,000 - [improvements in railway
beds, in locomotives and in car construction admitted
I an increase in the capacity of freight cars by rapid
degrees, and it is said the ne 1 ir the two great
trunk lines named will have c ich a capacity of Bo,ooc
pounds. Thus the number of cars ordered will be
I equal in carrying capacity to 60.000 cars of a quarter
of a century ago.
The orders given by the Pennsylvania and the New
York Central roads have attracted attention by rea
son of their magnitude. Those, however, are not the
nly lines which have placed orders for cars and loco
motives. The traffic of the country growing out of its
abounding prosperity has everywhere exceeded tho
ity of the transportation companies to properly
. handle it. and almost every important railway in the
ion is in the market purchasing increased equip
ment"; for freight and for passenger service.
The vast augmentation of traffic which has made
necessary the demand for such an increase in the
freight equipments of our roads has been due of
j course to the abounding prosperity of the country,
and that in turn rests in no small measure upon the
j legislation which has given confidence to the business
interests and industries of the people. The same con
dition of crops and harvests would riot mean pros
perity for the people at large if our manufacturer*
wre exposed to the competition of foreign cheap la
bor, or if our finances were subject to the meddling
and muddling of free silver or fiat money statesmen.
Out of these evidences of prosperity, therefore, can
he drawn added reasons why the intelligent business
and working men of the country should give their
support to the party of sound money and protection
m every contest which arises, whether in city, or
i State, or nation. The difference between good and
bad legislation can be estimated by the difference be
j tween the good year* we are now enjoying and the
j bad years of the Democratic regime.
Sharkey still insists that he wasn't whipped. He
evidently believes that his tongue is an invincible
weapon.
THE SAX FUANCTSCO (ALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
TO-DAY'S ELECTION.
jT\ CCORDING to reports from Washington our
' \ Government has been informed that Italy i>
persisting in her claims for a port and a sphere
of influence in China in order to be on something like
equal terms with other European nations. It is said
to be the intention of the Italians to occupy San
Mun and use that as a basis from which to extend
Italian trade and build up Italian interest? in China
as extensively as circumstances admit.
In a certain sense our Government has nothing to
do with the claims of Italy in China any more than
with the demands of the Russians or the Germans, the
British or the French. It has been announced that
the United States has given notice to the powers that
we will take no part in the partition of China, and
will make no efforts to obtain a port there, but will
insist that the trade rights of the merchants of the
United States be respected and guaranteed even in
those parts of China which have passed under the
"influence" of other nations.
The policy outlined is the right one for us to fol
low. Without any port or sphere of influence of our
own in the past we have built up a considerable trade
with China, and it is steadily increasing. Our trade
is not with any particular district, but with the em
pire of China, and it would be foolish on our part to
surrender the right to trade with the whole empire
for the sake of obtaining a port and a district such
as the European nations are struggling for.
Secretary Hay is reported to have given the various
European powers to understand that this Government
proposes that the provisions of its treaties with China
shall be observed even in the spheres of influence
which each has obtained, and, to make certain that
such observances shall be continued, American repre
sentatives have been directed to gain written guaran
tees that n,o restrictions will be placed upon American
commerce.
Such representations on our part will not be ig
nored. Since the Spanish war the United States has
been recognized as a world power of the first rank,
and our prestige in the Pacific is too great for any
nation to willingly challenge. It is altogether prob
able, therefore, that our trade interests in China wi'.J
be respected so far as we ourselves maintain them,
and, fortunately, our statesmen are now so well aware
of the value of the commerce of the Orient they will
not be neglectful of our opportunities there.
If the women who are agitating from one end of
the continent to the other for the removal of Con
gressman Roberts do nothing more they will have
given the Mormon elder an international name.
» a ANY and various are the arguments put forth
/ \ by the imperial press of the country to stts
* * tain the contention that in the war in South
Africa the sympathy of the American people should
be with the British rather than with the Boers. One
of these is sufficiently curious to be worth noting as
an illustration of the extent of the ambitious dreams
of our imperialistic fellow citizens. As expressed by
the Philadelphia Record it runs in this way:
"The Muscovite and the English-speaking races
are gradually dividing the earth between them.
America has become the most energetic exemplar of
English push; but it is Great Britain alone that
gives to this country free access to all the markets
which she controls. For this reason, if for no other,
it is to our advantage that the British empire should
be extended. And as to the future — is not the heri
tage all to be ours? Certainly, unless Great Britain
herself should prefer that her great empire shall pass
to strangers to her blood, institutions and language.
Great Britain's pre-eminence has been built by her
sturdy sons upon her iron, coal and fleets. She can
not possibly sustain her fleets when the iron and
coal shall be gone. The center of empire must then
drift to the -United States— the center of powc-
giving production."
That is to say, the British are to exhaust their
coal, iron and energy in conquering about half the
globe, and then the United States are to enter upon
the field ns heirs of the British empire and take pos
session of the estate. The British, therefore, are not
overrunning South Africa for themselves but for us.
It is an excellent view to take of the subject, but
has the drawback of presenting the American eagle
in the aspect of a vulture Drafting to fatten on prey
the lion has killed.
If the election to-day means nothing else it cer
tainly means a suppression of the Dodge charts and a
relief from the aggressive self-praise of the boastful
doctor.
OUR INTERESTS IN CHINA.
THE HEIRS OF EMPIRE.
POLITICAL CARTOON USED IN OHIO.
THE LABOR MARKET IN 1896— AND IN 1899.
SINCE PA WENT
INTO POLITICS
Denver Post.
I bet there ain't a family
That's rlyin' half as high as we.
An' sllngln' airs at every turn
W'iih money In the house to burn.
"We're llvin now In serumptuous style,
An' ma says of'n with a smil^,
They ain't none of us sot no kicks
Sine pa got into politics.
"When he was poor an' had to work
To make a llvln". like a Turk,
He us«-d to say this <>1p world were
A vain delusion an' a snare!
It tuk all he could scrape an' get
To feed an' dress us. hut you bet
He Isn't in that orful fix
Since he got into politics.
He says the man that labors Is
A chump th;u isn't onto his biz
An' hasn't sense 'miff in his brains
To chase him indoors when It rains.
He us»?d to be that way, but tuk
A tumble, an' the best o' iuek
Falls his way like a thousand bricks
Since he went into politics.
He's wearln' clothes that's mighty rlpo
An' smokes . cr '>'Kars 'stead of his pipe,
An' grits shaved at the barber's where
They stpiirt bumsquintum on his hair.
Tie ta]ks about combines an' rings
An' fusion an' some other things.
An' says he's onto all their tricks
Since he got into politics.
Pa used to be a Christian and
Could sing an' pray to beat the band,.
An' jest ;>< guide our footsteps right
Had fam'ly prayers every night.
But now v,-. 're all in bed when he
Comes iiome at night, and ma says sne
Imagines pious things won't mix
in cotjiaJ way with politics.
Ma asked him oru-r> if it was right
To help tin' corporations fight
The hon s' people, an' he clinked
S<>!nf dollars in bis hand an' winked.
An' said she mustn't chaw the rag
as -lie stands and holds the bag
Whilst he climbs up the tree and picks
The goldon plums of politics.
Remember the vast patronage placed
by the new charter in the hands of
the Mayor renders it imperative to
elect to that office a man of known
fidelity to duty who will not use the
patronage to further his political am
bitions.
ARRANGING MATTERS.
"This fishing trip isn't going to b© a
success without you," said Oiggton,
earnestly, "and I hope that you won't dis
appoint UK."
Whittler shrugged his shoulders with
an air of careless indifference. "I ad
mit," ho said, "that I shall have to ar
range matters with my wife; but I
haven't been married five years for
nothing, and you can count on me."
"I knew you would go," said Giggton,
confidently.
"You can bet on me every time." said
Whittier. "So, au revoir, old man. To
morrow morning at 7:30."
Jumping, on a car, he passed the next
twenty minutes In arranging his method
oi' procedure, and one hour later he sat
at the dinner table with his wife — on his
face ;'H expression of listlessness, and an
unnatural stoop to his usually erect
shoulders.
"What's the matter, dear?' said Mrs.
Whittler; "you don't eat anything. "
Whittler smiled feebly. "Nothing," he
s.-iid. with a half-hearted atti-mpt at
brightness. "I'm feeling a little stale,
that's all. Been working too hard, I
guess."
"You do look rather tired," said his
wife. "I hope you are not going to be
"Nonsense"' exclaimed her husband,
"What I need is a good dose of fresh air.
I really believe It is necessary. Come, my
dear, we must take r day off."
"We?" said Mrs. Whittler. "You know
it wouldn't do you any good to have the
children, ami we certainly can't leave
them at home."
"That's just it," said Whittler, despair
ingly. "I'm nervous and run down, and
they would annoy mo. I know. But I
can't go without you. my dear. That
would be out of the question. 1 wouldn't
er.joy myself a bit. I guess we'd better
not think about it."
Mrs. Whittler looked anxious.
"You musn't break down," she said.
"< >; ■ uiirpe, I—"
"No," exclaimed Whittler. "I won't
hear of it. Giggton was urging me to go
on a little fishing trip only to-day, but I
told him no."
"When is lie going?" asked Mrs. Whitt
ler.
"To-morrow morning." said her hus
band. "Hut, really, such a thing musn't
be thought of. 1 wouldn't leave you for
the world."
His wife smiled.
'■', You mjjst go," she said. "I insist upon j
Whlttler looked at her with a Btern
unyielding expression, which turned
gradually Into one of acquiescence
"1 don't know but you are right." he
said at last. "I hate to go, but 1 suppose
I must look upon it as a question of
health. 111 writ*} a line and send it over
to Giggton at once."
"It ltm't netessary," said Mrs. Whitt-
"Wby isn't it?" asked Whittler
causes" Bald Mrs. Whittler, "I saw
Mrs. Giggton this afternoon" - here
\\ nlttler began to look conscious— "and
sic tpld me her husband had already
got your consent." TOM MASSON
Every true Republican will stand
by his party to-day and vote for the
whole ticket.
OFF FOR ST. LOUIS.
San Francisco Representatives of the
Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association Start.
The San Francisco representatives of
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association, with the exception of
Traffic Manager Loveland, started for St
Loulr last night. Mr. Loveland will start
this evening. The representatives of the
Southern Pacific Company also started
overland last night. W. A. ttlssell rep
resenting the Santa Fe, is on the way.
Eton S. PlUsbury, President Wakefloid
Baker and Lharles F. Tay of the Jobbers'
contingent travel in company. Manager
Loveland, who has performed a wonder
ful amount of work in the past fortnight
getting evidence ready, remains to do a
little more to-day. The merchants *^v
that there is no doubt that the Interstate
Commerce Commission will sit here after
awhile to hear the evidence of the Pacific
coast people concerning the bearing of
the St. Louis proposition upon the trade
of the coast. It has always been the
practice of the. commission to sit where
there was much testimony to take \t
St. Louis the testimony in favor of the
Middle West will probably be taken Tra
commission will then be asked to sit here
at Its earliest convenience. A decision
may not be reached for some months
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
James McCudden, the Vallejo contrac
tor, is at the Grand.
Frank G. Carpenter of Washington,
D. C, is at the Palace.
Dr. K. M. Lundberg of Fort Bragg is
registered at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Henry Hnyes are regis
tered at the Grand from Hawaii.
J. W. Barbour, a wealthy oil speculator
of Hanford. is a guest at the l,ick.
J. B. Castle, a prominent merchant of
Honolulu, is a guest at the Occidental.
Ambrose Bierce has come- up from his
home at Wrights and is registered at the '
Lick.
T. Griedanus, a traveler from Germany,
is among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Palace.
Will S. Green of the Colusa Sun was
one of the arrivals of yesterday at the
Grand.
M. L. McDonald, the Santa Rosa capi- |
talist, is among the guests at the Occi- '
dental.
A. P. yon Amstel, a tourist from Ba
tavia, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
Lieutenant E. Stevenson of the Royal
Navy is at the Palace, en route to Esqui
mau to report for duty.
. Dr. Wilfred Turnbull, U. S. V., is among
those who arrived yesterday on the Dor^c
and went to the Occidental.
T. M. Bannon and F. H. Sherrard of
the Geological Survey are at the Occi
dental from Washington, D. C.
Fred W. Tegler, the popular Fresno
bonifice, is at the Llrk. He has come to
the city for a short pleasure trip.
Count Reoul Duval, a wealthy young
aristocrat of Paris who is traveling for
pleasure, is a guest at the Palace.
Commissioner of Immigration Hart H.
North returned to the city yesterday aft-T ;
an extended trip through the Eas 1
Europe.
YV. E. Lnwrenc*, a prominent fruit
grower of Vacaville, is a guest at the j
Lick, where he registered yesterday for a i
short stay.
F. S. Pearly, one of the leading lusiness
men of the Hawaiian Islands, is at the i
< Accidental, where he arrived yesterday on
the Doric.
Mrs. William Avery has returned from
a prolonged trip to the Orient and is once
more at the Occidental, where she re- .
sides with her husband.
S. E. Bell, a wealthy planter of the Ha- j
waiian Islands, is staying at the Call- j
fornla, where he arrived yesterday on a
short business trip to this city.
W. Sexton and Marion Biggs Jr., two
of the wealthiest and most influential j
citizens of Oroville, are registered at the j
Grand, where they arrived yesterday.
Dr. E. Liecaga, a prominent physician of ,
the City of Mexico, is a guest at the Pal- !
j ace. He :s here on a short vacation and ;
■ for the purpose of obtaining a little relax- i
ation.
Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Bayless of the
Tennessee regiment, is at the Palace. He ,
! arrived yesterday on the Doris from the i
j Orient. He comes a few days ahead of his ,
regiment, having made a tour through
China and Japan on his way home.
J. C. Stubbs, W. F. Herrln and William
! Sproule of the Southern Pacific Company
j left last evening for Sfc. Louis to attend
'■ the meeting of the Interstate Commerce j
' Commission and to be present when the
light of the local merchants against the
St. Louis Business Men's League comes
on.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW* YORK, Nov. 6.— E. 11. Spoor and
wife of Redlanda are at the Holland. H.
A. Balen of Cold Springs is at the Im
perial. D. E. Brown and B. F. Sheehan
Jr. of Ban Francisco are at the Bartholdi.
Miss B. M. Russell of San Francisco is at
the Manhattan. Mrs. H. Behrend of San
Francisco is at the Savoy.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON*, Nov. 6.— L. E. Brown
of San Francisco and R. W. Hill of Los
Angeles arc at the Riggs House; J. A.
Patterson and wife of Los Angeles are
at the Shoreham; Harvey Merriman of
Alameda is at the Wellington.
Cast your vote for the whole Repub
lican ticket early in the day and then
see to it that your friends go to the
polls and vote right.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ETIQT'ETTE-T. J. R., City. The latest j
first class book on etlciuette is one en
titled "Etiquette for Americans," pub- |
llshed in IS9B.
WATBR SUPPT.Y-O. S.. City. The ;
Spring Valley Water Company d< I
for its supply on the rainfall and on
springs which flow into their reservoirs.
GIRT., OF HONOLULU— A correspond- j
e.nt wishes to know the name of the j
author of a poem entitled "The Girl of
Honolulu"; also in what publication it
appeared. Can any of the readers of this :
! department enlighten the correspondent?!
| JEFFRIEB-RUHLJN— Subscriber, City. ;
| During ihe Jeffries-Ruhlin fight in this
j city, July. 1897, there were no direct
i "knock-downs." In the fifth round Run- i
. lir. went on his knees to avoid punish-
I merit, and in the tenth round Jeffries :
: dropped to his knees.
JOHN LACKMAXK-P. and W., City. \
At the election held in IS9B John Lack
tnann, then a candidate for the office of
Supervisor, wag the nominee of the Re
publican party. Citizens' Non-Partisan.
People's party tDemocratic) and Citizens'
Republican party.
DEBT— S.. City. In California, In an
action brought to recover a balance upon
a mutual open and current account where
i there have been demands between the
I parties, the cause of action is deemed to
have accrued from the time of the last
Item proved In tne account on either Bide.
THE MEDALS- E. J. M., City. Those
who have charge of distributing the
' medals and certificates to California vol- .
: unteers will notify eacb Individual when
I his turn has come to call at the Native
Sons' building: for such. Distribution is
going on every day.
THE CHINESE L,ANOUAGE-S. B. X.,
City. Chinese is now a part of the Exun
j slon Course at the Hopkins Art School,
' which is given by the University of Cali
i fornia. By communication with the re
corder of the University. Berkeley, Cal
! you will receive a circular of Information
on this subject.
THE TRANSVAAL-J. E. R., Merced,
Cal In the files of The Call and in cur
rent periodicals will he found a great deal
on both sides of the Transvaal question
For date as to the causes thai ed to the
present war it would be necessary to go
back as far as the early part of "■ '•
ONIONS— City. In peeling an onion
a pungent oily liquid is liberated which
impregnates the atmosphere. It Is ex
ceedingly powerful and irritating, and
when the atmosphere so laden reacts
: the eyes it Increases the tears and can*. s
ian overflow. Any Irritating substam-e
under the eyelids will increase the flow of
tears.
"A DOUBLE ENTENTE"— W., Oak
land, Cal. The correct expression is,
"Mots a double entente," which is French
for "ambiguous or doubtful words, words
i with a double meaning." "Double en ten
■ dres " which is frequently used, is bad
French; the right and full expression is
as given. The singular is "mot a double
entente." a word that has a two-fold
meaning. ,
OLD COINS- H. A.. Columbia, Cal.
| You have been misinformed as to a quar-
I ter of 1853. It is not one With arrows at
date and rays around the eagle that com
i mands a premium, but it is the one with
out rays or arrows. For such, dealers
offer from $1.25 to $3.26 advance. No pre
'■ mium is ofrerod for a dime of 1841, nor for
' one- of IMS. The market price of the
former la from 30 to 05 cents and the lat
ter from 75 cents to $1.50, according to
state of preservation.
HONOLULU J. M., City. This depart
ment will answer all questions to which
an answer can be obtained, providing the
Questions are sent in such form as to en
able one to understand what the writer
desires to know, but it cannot turn itself
into a guessing department in order to
ascertain what Information is desired
The question asked in the language which
follows Is altogether too indefinite: 'We
had an argument about Honolulu Must
you have $50 in cash or not? If J. M
will state for what purpose one must nave
$60 or. must not have that amount an an
swer will be given. ;
A DEGREE— R.. City." The length
of a degree of latitude is the length of an
arc of the section of the figure of the
sea level by a meridian, the difference of
latitude between the extremities of this
i arc being one degree. It is 68.T02 statute
miles at the equator and t>9.39t> at the
P The length of a degree of longitude 13
the length of an arc -of the section of the
figure of the sea level by a plane parallel
to the equator, the difference of longitude
between the extremities of this arc being
one degree. This is nearly proportional to
the cosine. of Latitude, and is equal to
60.16 statute miles or 60 geographical mixes
at the equator. A geographical or naut
ical mile is approximately 2025 yards,
while an English statute mile is 1760 yards.
EXCEPTION— S., Napa, Cal. "Excep
tion proves the rule" is from the Latin
law maxim, "Exceptio probat regulam do
rebus non exceptis— a special exception to
a rule, (to hold) concerning things not
(specially) excepted. The first three
words of this maxim are often misapplied
as meaning "the fact of there being an
exception proves the existence of the
! rule," or "an exception is essential to
every rule." This proverbial saying is
very" generally misunderstood. The word
"prove" anciently meant test, and is so
used in this saying. An old use of the
word "prove" occurs in the advice to St.
Paul, "Prove all things," etc., which
means that we should test all things, so
as to know which good ones to hold fast
to. An exception cannot prove a rule in.
the modern sense; it tends rather to ren
der it invalid; but an exception may test
a rule, and in some cases prove it to be
wrong, while in others the test may show
that the so-called exception may be ex
! plained. Another theory on the subject
is that the very word "exception" implies
that there is a rule; so that the word
i "prove" means "proves the existence of."
HATS— W., City. Hats were first
■ made by a Swiss in Paris in 1404, but his
name is not given. When Charles VII
made his triumphal entry into Rouen, in
1449. he wore a hat lined with red velvet,
! surmounted with a rich plume. Hence
forward, hats and caps, at least in
; France, began to take the place of cha
prons and hoods. Hats were first manu
factured in England by Spaniards in 1510.
It Is evident that prior to the manufac
ture of hats in England they were Im
! ported, for in Fifth Henry VII, »48», there
i is a law that provides that "none shall
[ be allowed to Bell any hat for above 20
pence, nor cap for above 2 shillings 8
pence." In 1571 in that country the law
| required "every person above 7 years of
; age to wear on Sunday and holidays, a
cap of wool. knit. made, thickened and
dressed in England By some of the trade
of cappers, under the forfeiture of three
i farthings for every day's neglect," but
I this law excepted ''maids, ladies and gen
tlewomen, and every lord, knight and
i gentleman of twenty marks of land, and
! their heirs, and such as had borne office
of worship in any city, town or place, and
the wardens of London companies."
■ ♦ ■
Vote for the candidates of the party
of prosperity. Let us have no calam
ity howlers or demagogues in office.
■ ♦ ■
Hazards
j There is no links, however watched and
tended.
But some bad lies are there;
There Is no drive, howe'er with skill 'tis
blended,
But oft leads to despair. — Liife.
—. » .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
—•»-.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by La
I Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mon -
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
. ♦ . — - —
Yesterday's Insolvent
Luther E. Gaudy, railroad brakeman,
: Oakland, $M 5 50.
« » «
I If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
1 Angostura Bitters half hour before meals.
Made by J. G. B. Stesert & Eona.
A Mining Title Decided.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday sustained the demurrer of tha
defendant in the case of the Pea body
Gold Mining Company vs. ths Gold Hill
Mining Company, both of Nevada County.
The suit was to quiet title to the Suum
Quique and Croesus mining claims.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND PIO IRON.
J C WILSON &CO m 9 ° Ba "ery Street.
J 1/ niLJUII U. WU-, Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Strpt. H. BLTTHE M?r.
C V/ SMITH Shlp Plumbing, Steamboat
t- W« dinilll. and Ship work a Specialty. 1*
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS ROYFS&fft BhJppin* Butch- 104
JAP DUICJttVU-, i ay f el Ma". i:94
FURS.
J N LOFSTAD 14 Kitm i •£ u P st * irs - L " est
J. 11. LUr^IAU, stylsBi l 0X est pr ; C e S , ,emodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. Rgg FFeS" e S
st. Castings of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPRR DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF PULP AND paper co.,
"ILLAiUCIIC 722 Montgomery st.
PRINTING.
E. C HFfiHFS PRINTER.
C HDIIHC3, 5U sansome st.. S. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel cf o r d a c p s hlc PARTRIDGE so 6 c^[! la
! WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, t^^la^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER. COLLIERIES. Is the I>st Coal In th«
market. Oiflce ana Yards— 4oo -Main street.NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
It would take too
long to tell all the
diseases that War-
ner's Safe Cure
protects us from;
that is to say, all
that arise from dis-
eased kidneys and
liver. A great doc-
tor has said that "the
greatness of their
number is only
equaled by the in-
sidiousness of their
approach."
Warner's Safe
Cure Is an infallible
preventative and
Specific for all dis-
orders in the above-
named organs.
AMUSEMENTS.
■ — ■ --- — ._. -_
COLUMBIA ifife
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
An* the House Is Still Crowded Nightly*
MATHEW6 AND BULGER
In the T*p-to-Pa.te Version of
f »'BY THE SAD SEA WAVES,"
PRICES, $1, 75a, Wo and 25c.
T CYT MANniV Opening of the "Cook
nEAI mUnUAI Ladles' Union" Campaign.
Broadhuret's Great Laug-h-Loosener.
•♦WHY SMITH LIFT HOME."
Can Tou Do Bad Cookin* "VTorse?
If Not, Come and Learn How.
PEATS READY THURSDAY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, The Ho ' v o fc ulßr
HER GREATEST PERFORMANCE!
Another Tr*m>>ndous Hit Made by
NANCE O'lNtilL
■ -; — ■
"THE SHADOW."
A MOST REMARKABLE PLAY.
Only Three More IVrformancs of "THE
FHAncnS'"— NIGHT. Wednesday Nlßht and
Saturday Matinre.
Thursday Aftern^->n. "The Jewess." Thurs-
day NiL'ht. "The ?<-h.->-->l for Scandal." Frirlay
Nichf. "Magda." Saturday Nitrht, The New
"f'amllle."
SPFf AT -Returns ,-.f the election win he re-
•Jl LV ALcelrsd by special wires from eyerj
precinct in the city, and will he announced
from the st,is*e to-niKht between acts.
NEXT SUNDAY NIC.HT— HARRY CORSON
CLARK In "WHAT HAITKNED TO JONES."
POPULAR Eveninß, TCc, 50c, 25c.
RICEP— Matinee. 50c. 2. r .o.
y
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OrERA SEABON.
TO-NIGHT! T< >-.N!'";HT'. ["O-NKJHTI
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Evenings, the
En irmous Grand Opera Triumph,
"L'AFRICAUNt,"
Th* Jolly C.>mio Or^ra
"THE THREI: 3 BLACK CLOAKS,"
With Its Wealth of Urilliant Costumes,
Surwrh Trist. Orchestra and ChTUF,
Charming Music and Ru'linn of Jokes, .
Wednesday, Friday Nights A Saturday Matin.-c.
POPULAR PRICKS T, and riO CENTS
Telephone fcr Peats. Rush 9.
Elections Returns Will he Read To-night from
the Stage.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
i
ELECTION RETURNS SIGHT .
THE FUNNY WEEK NOW ON.
The New York Lyceum Theater Comic Hit
Entitled 1
NERVES!
 iJji\ T A^v^/o
INVENTED FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES
UN'/HANOKARLK PRICES ..13c. 25c, 3Jc SOc
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THIS EVENTING
:y>th Performance of the Season and Grand
Souvenir Night.
Kv*>ry lady will be perpented with a beautiful
end costly souvenir, illustrated in colors, de-
j'lctini; the departments of the Grand Opera
Houce. A work of art free from advertising
matfr.
ALL THIS WEEK
Francis Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera
Success,
THE MERRY "MONARCH.
A Greater Triumph Even Than "El Capitan."
POPULAR PRICES— SC'c. Sic. 2.» c. 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee,
ISc.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
NOT FALSELY ADVERTISED,
BUT A GENUINE SURPRISE.
THE DAINTY PARISIAN FARCE.- —
MLLE. FIFI!
The Sensational DEWET Moving Pictures.
ELECTION RETURNS TO-NIGHT.
PRICES 15c. 25c, '35c, 50c, 75c
MATINEE I.-. 2T)C, 33c, 50c
ALL S. ATS KESE')y«-D.
NEXT SUNDAY EUGENIE BLAIR
In A LADY Of : QUAL TV.".
Thousands Greec the New Bill
With Enthusiasm!
CORNILLF the auburn - haired Parisian
beauty and the biggest hit in town. Her Blng-
> InK her a'tlnfi her dazzliiiK heauty and charm
of manner have never been surpassed by any
artist. Jerome and Alexis, Leo Carle. Goggln
and Davis Lola Cotton, the rrai h Jack
Norworth Merritt and Murdock. Louise Dresser
and her Pickaninnies Reserved seats. 25c: bal-
cony, 10c; opera chain and box seats, oOc. Mati-
nees' Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. Elec-
tion returns will be read from the stage to-
SENTENCING OF
WARDNER RIOTERS
Ten Men Sent to San
Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Nov. 6.— The culmin
ating scene In the long drawn out labor
troubles in the Coeur d'Alene mining re
gion was enacted In the Federal Court
here this afternoon when the ten men
found guilty of interfering with the
United States malls near Wardner during
the riots of April "i 1 were sentenced by
Judge Beany to each Berve twenty-two
months In the United States prison at San
Queniin. CaL, and each to pay a nne of
$1000, with the exception of Dennis
O'Rourke who. on account of his youth,
gets off with twenty months and a fine
of. $1000. Addressing the prisoners Juage
"Beetty said:
"You have been indicted by a Grand
Jury convicted by a trial jury and it de
volves upon me to pronounce your sen
tence."
msel for defense moved that Judg
ment be suspended for twen:y hours
pending evidence which the rißoners
hoped would alleviate their sentence. This
Judge Beattj declined to grant, saying
that the. trial had been thorough and fair
and he had fully decided upon vhat he
should do. Then a motion for arrest of
Judgment was made, defendants claiming
that the charges upon which they were
■ ted were not In accordance with
the law. Judge Beatty overruled the mo
tion and proceeded to a summary of the
cases preliminary to pronouncing sen
tence. He spoke of th.> lamentable nature
of the affair, expressing regret for the
prisoners, but saying he had to perform
his duty of enforcing the law.
As enon as the sentences vere pro
nounced court was adjourned until 10
■k to-morrow and the prisoners were
taken back to the Latah County jail,
valence they will start for San yuemin in
custody of the officers us soon as the term
of court end?.
To Contest the Will.
■WOODLAND, Nov. 6.— William E.
Kelthly. who recently died in this county,
left the> bulk of his property to his young
widow. The mother of the deceased will
contest the will, and the preliminary steps
have already been taken. She will con
tend that he died Intestate and that she
Is entitled to one-half the estate. The
petition for probate of the will will be
heard next week. The contest is likely to
be very bitter.
Trouble Over School Tex.
WOODLAND. Nov. 6.- Judge Johnson
of the Superior Court of Sarramento.
sitting for Judge Gaddls, has granted a
writ of mandate requiring; the City
Trustees to show cause why they should
not r their action on fixing the
tax levy, and fix the High School levy in
accordance with th<> estimates of the
t'ity Hoard of Education. The Supreme
Court recently refused such a writ.
The New Explosive.
Thorite, the now explosive, has h*>pn .'.;?tin
gulshli . . a IVi-inch
Harveyised stpel plate. I I ntlnues I
it will make for Itself .
military « •
!;as in the medical world. Bo :ar nothing lias
lerful nieili.
• • r v of
iach, liver or kidneys. .
It's a f . '■ ■•■ rythlni
iied.
IBEEOHAM'SI
■
3 F%jßßf B 65^ Cura tri&gcstlon, i
j]J* ktsai^ma^o^ Sick Haada'chn. §
LlO cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores. 3
T?ss!"-—2 — • R9BB ■ -rrsasS
ON THE INSIDE
Of a collar or shirt, cuff or underwear
done up at this laundry means that
you are all right, and that your linen
looks as immaculate and of as smooth
and fine a finish as it' it just came from
the furnishers. Comfort and satisfac-
tion we give you in every piece of linen
that we launder, and our prices are
trifling for it.
No "saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
AMUSEMENTS.
WESTERN TURr ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, Pan Mateo Co.
Main Office. Parlor A, Palafe Hotel S F
W. J. Martin, f h. gr'ken.
President. Sec and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SKASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. 18, 1899,
inclusive.
Six nigh-class running races every week-
day, beginning at 1:30 p.m. I>;i?t race at 4 p.m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE. Southern Pacific Co
(Third-Ftreet Station.)
Local trains leave at 10:40 and 11:10 a m
Special race train? at 12:40, 12:50 and 2ib p
m.. returning immediately after the last race
and at 5 p. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS-Arrive
at Tanfnran at 12:.'.0 p. m. !.■■■. Tanforan »t
3.10, 4:00 and 4:4:. p. m. Train- leave Valencia
street t«n minutes lator than from Third
tr"«-t All trains stop directly at the entrance
to grandstand.
La-t cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking. ■
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return
Including admission to grounds, $i .■;,. Sinel»
round-trip tickets 4Q cents. Holders of Asso-
ciation Badgi may secure a twenty-four ride
ccupon ticket, limited to thirty days upon
presentation of badges at Third or Valencia
street ptntions for *■" 50.
Remitter all complaints without delay with
tli«» Secretary and Mannpcr of the Association.
CONCERTo AND RESOETb.
CONEY ISLAND NOW IN SAN FRANCISCO.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
'So. attractions creating a world of amuse-
ment»; 3 hours of genuine pleasure Novelties
added dally. JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONS on'-
tlre riKht; Professor Hill on the high wire;
ruzzle dazzle, funnl<*st ride on earth. Admis-
sion to attractions and ride We Presents to
winners of every race. Open from 1 until
11:30 p. m.
The Weekly Call.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
■
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JtfOVEMBETI 7, IS9<>.
FORMER OAKLAND MAN
IN HAWAIIAN CABINET
J Alexander Young, Minister of the Interior.
i> Photograph by J. J. Williams of Honolulu
HONOLULU, Dot. M.— Alexander Young of Oakland. Cal., and Honolulu has
bppn appointed Minister of the Interior to Bucceed the late James A. King,
and his ap] gives greneral satisfaction.
The new Minister was born In Blackburn, I^narkshlrp. Scotland, on Do
cember 14, 1833. His father was a contractor and the boy commenced to
toil at 12 years of age. A: '.7 he was apprenticed to mechanical engineering at
Glasgow. Working as a journeyman at his tra • 1860 he Wt the old
country for Vancouver. Thence he went to San Francisco, and reached Honolulu
in Januar: I joined the Honolulu Iron Works as a Journeyman pattern
m;<kf-r. Shortly afterward he, with William Lidgrate, opened a machine shop and
foundry at Hilo. Hawaii. This was abandoned In 1869 and a return to San Fran
ted.
On arriving ti Honolulu th^ ohan^p nf a lifetime was offered a id taken, and
Mr. Young pu rest ol Thomas Hughes In the Honolulu Iron
Works and became Its manager. Devoting hi tudy of sugar
making m his rise to the position ■■[' n multi-millionaire has been on a
par with that of several others whi - capabilities enabled them to take
advantage of opp trtunities afforded thorn by Hawaiian sugar growing and the
reciprocltj treaty.
■ cian, Mr. Young strenuously Indorsed and aided thp movements of
nd sp..k" In advocacy of them on the public platform. An attempt to
ite on popu vote curiously enoug ed In defeat, bui he
subsequi ntly acci pted a position In the Council of S at< . f the
- constitutional convention, and tly one of the
■ titul n of he n public.
As Mr. Foung is possessed of "backbone" and has no business interests to
serve, having retired, he will not be merely a recorder of Mr. Dole's personal
views, but bring to bear much-wanted com mi ■ tnd business acumen. He
i:- almost Idolized by the native working element, and promises to attend to their
interests which ho thinks • ■. ■ been sorely neglected.
_ ___ POLITICAL.
FORGERY!
A Bogus Religion Circular Sent Through the Mails Repudiated by
Young Men's Institute as a Fraud on the Public.
VOTERS, ATTENTION!
A printed circular calculated to arouse religious prejudice in connection with
t) municipal election was distributed through th< medium of" the Vnited
81 tes mails yesterday. The circular purported to have been issued on behalf of
the y. .;i!i« Men's Institute. This is an absolute forgerj and has been denounced
by the officers of the Young Men's Institute in tin- following letter, it is tv be
hoped that no American citizen will be Influenced by sm-h reprehensible meth-
ods, practiced only by political assassins:
There was pent broadcast through ti:!- mails this morning a printed circular
falpeiy purporting to emanate from the Young Men'a Institute, and admirably
calculated to excite religious animosities and inject them into thr> present cam-
paign.
The circular is headed with a cross and the headline. "Brothers, Attention,"
and proceeds to call attention to the fact that certain mi' ih>- nominees of the
respective parties ;ir-- of the Catholic faith, and connected with the Young Men's
Institute. It then proposes to the members of that society the capture n( Amer-
ica, beginning with Ban Francisco, to th< end that there maj b< "no place for
Jews. Protestants or other heretic:-:" The circular concludes, "Remember your
obligation. Do your duty."
As the matter of the circular is so overdrawn and patently ridiculous— as
the true Bource of the screed seems to us so perfectly obvious we would Ignore
it l"-,t that another phase of the affair is so serious.
Th.- circular is a contemptible forgery, it did not and could not emanate from
the Young Men's Institute, or from any one friendly thereto. It i- ;i wicked
forgery, for it attempts to fasten upon us opinions and methods which we
di test and abhor with all our hearts. ,
The writer of an anonymous letter has eve;- . red a fit object for
the detestation of decent men. What shall he said of those who resort to the
. ry of documents in the attempt to blacken the characti rs and besmirch the
motives of a large body of useful and patriotic citizens'. 1 Yours respectfully
i" .1. KIERCE,
Supreme Pr< sid< nt v m r
A. P. ST. SURE
Grand President V. M. [ Pacfflc Juris liction
GEORQE A. STANLEY
Grand Secretary V. M. 1.. Pacific Jurisdiction.
OIN THE
MUNICIPAL ELECTION.
One of the principal objects sought by the new charter was to bring
about separate municipal elections. That is to say, it provided in the
charter that municipal elections shall be held on the first Tuesday after
the first Monday in November, 1899, and in every second year there-
after. In this way municipal elections will be held in the odd numbered
years and will be wholly separate from the State and national elec-
tions that are held in the even numbered years. The Freeholders who
framed the charter believed that one of the evils in municipal elections
was the confusion brought about by the introduction of State and na-
tional issues. The questions involved, being matters of strictly munici-
pal concern, should be considered and voted upon from a standpoint of
purely civic interest.
EDWARD R. TAYLOR, A. W. THOMPSON,
JOSEPH BRITTON, HENRY N. CLEMENT,
p. h. McCarthy. a. comte jr.,
JOSEPH O'CONNOR. DR. JEROME A. ANDERSON,
I. GUTTE, JOHN NIGHTINGALE JR.,
LIPPMAN SACHS, L, R. ELLERT,
JAMES BUTLER, JOHN C. NOBMANN.
ALFRED CRIDGE,
USUAL POSTAL
DEFICIENCY
Annual Report of the
Auditor.
Speoial Plppatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The Auditor
'or the Postoffice Department in his an
lual report shows that during the 'ast
rear the number of Postofflces in tl>-
United States Increased Crom T'J.'.Ct; to 74,
--84; the number of domestic- money orders
ssued Increased from 27,798,078, rarest-ru
ng $4oi.ii3.Ti7. tn 2H.0u7.570, representing
J44L'.4.' > v:i.354. a net Increase in number of
,209,792 and in volume of {41,369,636.
During the year the revenues of the
iiiHtal service Increased from (89.012,618 :o
196,021,384 and the expenditures from $97,
--50,407 i" £101,632,160, a net Increase in the
•or, ipts of $6,008,765, and in expenditures
)f $3,778,752. I'pon this showing the Audi
:or aßks for an increase of thirty clerk?
IS a minimum requirement for the year
.900.
Considerable spare ia devoted to .he sub
ject fif non.i-y orders and a statement is
jiven which shows thai during the last
fear the system was conducted :.'t r.n ac
:ual loss :o the Government of approxi
nately $105,106, which fact, Ihe Auditor
lays, would suggest the exercise of Bfreat
'are in legislating for the employment of
lew financial features in the postal serv
ce.
The postal revenues for the year are
ihown to have been $96,021,384 and the ex
>ecditures $101,435,262. leaving n deficiency
)f $6,413,385. of this amount the Treasury
ias advanced $t*.nfHi.inm, the baian c i'n
•>aid being $413,885.
The am mm of second-class postage ml
ected from publishers and news agents
$3,527,082, and the amount of stamps,
stamped invelopes, newspaper wrappers
md postal cards sold was $87,280,654. The
iosl of mail transportation Is given as $54,
--163,058, of which amount $1,629J49 was paid
for the transportation of foreign mall.
rhe Auditor renews his recommondat'on
>f last yeajr, to the effect that the life cf
xioney orders be limited to three months
nstead of twelve months, as now provided
r>y law.
TESTIMONY CLOSES
IN SUISSER CASE
SALINAS, Nov. 6.— A pathetic scene was
enacted at the trial of George Suisser
this morning. The mother of the as
sassin tearfully related how strangely
her son had acted before the murder. Tne
appearance of the broken-hearted parent
on the stand visibly affected the prisoner,
but Immediately after her testimony and
during the rest of the session he assumed
an air of bravado.
In the afternoon Snipper testified In
his own behalf. He admitted having com
mitted arson because Delanay, who had
caused his arrest for stealing harness,
had accused him of being a firebug, and
he thought he would have satisfaction by
setting fire to the accuser's property. He
said he bad exchanged shots with Officer
Allen and had a dim recollection of firing
shots at the Delaney house, but as to
what occurred from that time until the
officers tore off the planks of his father's
bouse to capture him he declared his
mind was blank.
Defendant always hnd a ready answer
for any question, bul a.\ times his replies
materially injured his capo.
Although nothing is feared unless the
case culminates in a verdict for the ■■■ -
at, yet all precautions are being
taken to avoid any demonstration, as it
is asserted by those who profess to know
thai Suisser will never leave Salinas un
f< ss sentenced to hang.
During the entire trial thus far no evi
dence has been Introduced to show that
the murder was premeditated. Thi
fi nse has offered proof, however, that he
dead Sheriff and the murderer were on
the besi of terms, while the defendant's
testimony was to the effect that he had
been Intoxicated for several days on ac
count of his arresi as a thief, and bro id-
Ing over such trouble, possibly had caused
the killing of Farley,
When SuiSßer left the stand thp taking
of evidence closed and argument will be
gin to-morrow morning.
SUBMARINE TORPEDO
BOAT A SUCCESS
GRKENPORT, N. V.. Nov. 6.— The final
official trial of the Holland, the sub
marine torpedo boat, took place this
afternoon In Pecontc Hay before a naval
board of Inspection and survey, consist-
Ing of Rear Admiral Frederick Ro(
mander William H. Emory, Chief
Engineer Charles R. Roelker, Naval Con
structor Washington L. Gapps and Lieu
tenant Richardson Henderson. Before
the Holland left New Suffolk the entire
board went aboard and examined her.
The first run was made shortly after 2
o'clock, With John Lowe and i 'ommander
Emory on board. She made a quick dive
and ran a course of one mile with a fly-
Ing Btart, submerged, covering the d's
tance in nine and one-fourth minutes. 3he
then came to the surface and a White
head torpedo was tired with such ac
curacy as would have sunk a ship in the
position of the target used.
In ten second? the Holland was sub
merged again, turned in a radius of sev
enty feel and returned to the starting
point. Her commander. Emory, returned
to the yacht Josephine, on which w»re
the board of Inspectors, Isaac L. Rice,
president of the Holland Company; In.
ventor John Holland, C. K. Creecy a.nd
Walter H. Barrett.
Lieutenant Henderson and Naval Con-
Btructor Gappp then went on board me
Holland and she started off on a three
quarters submerged run. At the end of
thia run. while ten feet under water, a
torpedo was fired. This also made the
target.
The Holland then pot away quickly
while still submerged and returned to
the start. Her speed trial developed etght
knots. The board appeared much pleased
with the test.
CREEK WARRANT CASES
BEFORE THE COURTS
MUSKOGEE, 1. T., Nov. 6. The Creek
warrant case, representing a (93,000 steal,
was taken up to-day in the United Stales
courl at this place by the trying of W.
H. Wartli. ex-cashler of the First Na
tional Hank, in connection with the steal.
The affair there has already sent to the
penitentiary James Kuan, merchant, and
Kits Childres, ex-Treasurer of thf Cr ek
nation. Special [nspector J. W.- Zevely of
Washington and united statin Attorney
Super are trying the cases tor the Gov
ernment, while ex-United States Judges
Stewart and Lewis and Attorneys Given
and Rutherford and chief justice Gant
of Missouri are looking after the defense.
l". M Davis, a wealthy merchant, and
S. B. (alia nan are also to he tried. These
are very Importani cases, and thousands
of dollars have been spent in their prose
cution.
BISHOP WIGGER HONORED.
ORANGE. N. J., Nov. 6.— Rl»ht Rev.
Winand Michael Wlgger, Bishop of New
ark diocese, has been chosen by the Vati
can to * : ay mass at the birthplace of
Christ at Bethlehem on Christmas morn-
Ing. Bls-i >;> Wlgger is the ttrst person
other than a member of the Franciscan
Monks upon whom this honor has bten
conferred. Bishop Wigger will start r'at
urday for Palestine and will be gone
until April.
Republicans should see to it that
San Francisco starts the new era un
der a Republican administration.
Back From Nome.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 6— The schooner
Penelope, which left hero nineteen months
ago with a party of gold seekers for
Alaska, returned to-day. The vessel came
from Cape Nome. Of the original twenty
members of the party who were Pasa
dena and Long: Beach men all returned
but four. They brought no treasure, but
say they have staked valuable claims.
Workingmen should vote for Hor
ace Davis, the man who fought
against Chinese immigration and sac
rificed his large business interests in
the Orient for the sake of preserving
American white labor from the com
petition of coolies.
Session of the State Woman's Suffrage
Association to-day at 2 p. m. at Golden
Gate HalL •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE GREATEST NAME IN SPANISH ART.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE lA/ORLD'S GREAT /ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Pr. John C Van T>ykp, Dr. Russell Sturgis, Dr. A. L. Froth
ngham Jr.. Arthur Hoeber. Frank Fowler and Others.
IV. VELASQUEZ.
BY ARTHUR LINCOLN FROTHING
HAM JR.. PH.D.
Tn a review of Spanish painting Velas
quez comes to us as the first really orig
inal genius to represent in his art rh"
spirit of his nation. Before him painting
had possessed too strong a combination
of foreign flavors to be called national.
The French predominance during the tliir
teenth and fourteenth centuries. ,he Flem
ish during the fifteenth and the italian j
during the sixteenth century had bei i
nearly absolute as to give little freedi m
for national expansion In art. Of course j
th» religious enthusiasm, the love nf vjo- i
lent contrasts and of dark coloring, the 1
antipathy to the classic and to the nude, |
not only strongly Influenced Spanish paint
ers in their choice of Flemish and Italian
models, hut gave a decidedly local flavor. j
For all the love of the gorgeous Venetian
school shown by Spain's rulers and mag
nates it was the BcUognese school and its
offshoots which, just before Velasquez,
most appealed to the Spaniards, both on '
account of the florid and enthusiastic
treatment of popular religious tr>emes by ,
the f'arracci, Guido and others, and be- '
VELASQUEZ.
(Pronounced Va-las-keth.)
cause of its dramatic color effects and its
occasional i aturalism. For the samo rea
son the dark and fantastic Neapolitan
school, with Caravagglo and Ribera, was
a strong factor in guiding Sp*an:sh paint
ers.
Velasquez came at a critical moment in
Spanish art. In other branches of civil
ization— ihoge naturally the earliest to
develop in any newly founded nation—
Spain had long before assumed a well
defined character. In religious matters,
in state policy, in administration, Spain,
during the sixteenth century, had worked
from clear-cut and inflexible ideals that
have stamped her in history. Over a
large part of Europe as well as of the
New World she had extended the iron
grasp of these Ideals, and now when her
power was waning she was calling to her
aid the resources of painting to maintain
the hold of religion on the masses. Pa
checo, who was to be Velasquez's teacher
and fathor-in-law, was embodying in a
standard "Guide to Painters" the clerical
idea of the "scope and duty of painting as
an educational medium in the grasp of the
church. But before Murillo was to raise
this "tendency painting" Into the realm
at pure beauty came Velasquez, who made
Murillo possible. By his genius he sot a
seal upon a national style that should
for the first time give Spain in the field
of painting as high a place among na
tions as she had already attained In other
fields. No wo-nder that when 'elasqtiez
came he received a right royal welcome.
Don Diego de Sllva Velasquez was born
at Seville In June, GS9. Though of nob'o
family, his parents allowed him to follow
his leaning for an artist's life, and at 13
he' entered the studio of the famous, fiery
Ilerrera, but soon passed to that of Pa
checo, where he spent five years in paint
ing genre subjects and in careful study
of physiognomy. Pacheco so appreciated
his character and budding talents that he
gave him his daughter, in marriage in
lMv Tiit- young painter was, in his teens,
n pure realist, delighting in tavern and
kitchen scenes and every variety of com
mon life, a 8 we can see from his "Water
Carrier" at ApSley Court and his "Adora
tion of the Shepherds" in the National
Gallery. Even his religious pictures had
then an obtrusive dominant element of
peasantry, which afterward disappeared.
In 1623 an eventful change took place in
the artist's life. Up was called to- Madrid,
and by favor of the Prime Minister Oli
vares becam<\ at the extraordinarily
youthful age of 24, portrait painter to
King Philip IV, the royal family and the
court. VelasQues must have shown great
social tact and ability not only to keep
throughout his life the favor so early ob
tained but steadily to increase it. The
royal palace at Madrid had become a su
perb picture gallery, Where many of the
great masters of the sixteenth century
were magnificently represented, and by a
study of those masterpieces Velasquez
broadened hi^ knowledge, obtained new
insight into the possibilities of color and
acquired flexibility and confidence. He
v. is weaned both from, crass realism and
from the "tendency" school, and turned
to the study of the human personality.
For ten years after his coming to Ma
drid Velasquez appears to have confined
himself to aristocratic portraits, turning
away from his earlier themes of common
lif. as unsuited to the courtly atmosphere
cf Madrid. In 169 tin- Interesting episode
of Rubens' visit to Madrid brought the
Spaniard for the first time into personal
contact with one of his great contempo
raries. It was at Rubtns' suggestion that
Velasquez, with the consent and financial
help of the King and of Olivares. made
the important decision to visit Italy to
study the Italian masters at home. At
Venice he studied and copied Tintoretto
and especially Titian, whom he regarded
as the greatest of all Italians. At Rome,
where he made a far longer stay, he spent
most of his time at the Vatican, studying
and copying Raphael and Michelangelo,
but he also devoted himself to getting ac
quainted with antique sculpture. Strange
as it may appear to us, he certainly also
imbibed a decided liking for that latest
ohase of Italian Daintinjj, the Bolognese
scnool, and especially for Guido. His
Italian Journey here immediate fruit in
his art. showing not only In his technique
hut in his conception and composition of
hi« theme; as in his "Forge of Vutcan"
and tli" "Christ at the Pilli
After ;\n absence of a year and a half
Velasquez returned to Madrid, in 1631, and
again took up the daily routine of court
lift" 1 and associations. The following nine
teen years of his middle period show no
violant changes, hut a gradual advance in
surety of method, breadth of theme and
grasp of human nature. He paints not
only portraits, but Bcenes of court life and
amusements, such as hoar hunts and stag
hunts, a? well as elaborate historical and
religious scenes. The foremost of his large
compositions, the scene of the "Sun
of Breda." the crowning exploit of the ca
reer of that great imperialist general,
Spinoln. is judged by some critics to be
one of the greatest historical painting- 1 . At
about the same time he produced one of
his most, perfect portraits, that of "Ad
miral Pulido Pare.ia." now in the National
Gallery. A chronological study of the
portraits that led up to tnis one is the beat
index t" his artistic progress. To about
this time belongs, in part at least, that
remarkable series of full-length portraits
of the ".Sports" of the royal palace, such
as dwarfs and buffoons, In whose por
trayal Velasquez could assume greater
liberty in attitude and expression and
greater realism than In his sot aristocratic
portraits with their exigencies uf dress
and dignity.
Jn I^-59 the painter took a second journey
t" Italy, ostensibly to buy fur the King
pictures and casts from the antique, buc
we may believe that he was driven to it
by his gain the stimulus of fur
thi-r contact with th.- best Italian art.
There can be no better proof of the mas
ter's tremendous advance since his first
visit, when he painted the rather aca
demic and weak "Forge of Vulcan," than
a Bimple comparison of this picture with
the masterpiece of his second visit, th<»
portrait of "Pope Innocent X," now in th«
Doria-Pamftl) gallery, one of the i
wonderful of portraits and sufficient in'it
sell to immortalize its author. That this
was not a "fluke" is shown by the almost
equally living and forceful portrait of hia
Morisco attendant and pupil, Pareja,
whirl: he also did in Rome as a prelimin
ary to the papal portrait.
The last ten years of the painter's life,
after his return to Madrid, must have
held a strange admixture of gratifica
tion and of disappointment, for he at
tained to more public honors than he
could have had a right to expect, and yet
for i his very reason his artist's soul
hindered in lta expansion by the inces
sant public calls upon him. At his own
request he was appointed in 1»>52 palace
marshal to the King, in addition to his
other office of director uf the royal gal
leries. His new duties included the or
ganization and direction of all court fetes
and pomrts and of royal journeys, the de
signing and decorating of the royal pa!
,nii oven the supervision of the de
tails of court life, such as the heating and
lighting of the household. Certainly all
this labor was not wasted, for it gavo
Velasquez the opportunity to do for Spain
what Holbein had done for England in
the time of Henry Vlll— the opportunity
to direct tho public taste in all branches
Of art and art industry in a way far tran
scending in popular effect the influence of,
his own artistic work.
Velasquez could not have found during
these years the lone; spells for con
tinuous" work that his earlier life had al
lowed. Perhaps this partly accounts for
the freer and more sketchy character uf
his late works, the most effective and
Impressionistic of all and those in which
he has come into possession "f a far
wii'.cr range of color effects. Aside from
his portraits, many of the finest of which
belong here, we should Judge of . th*s.
period of his life not by such lifeless pro
ductions as tho classic subjects r. -quired
by the taste of the time, to which his
realistic genius was unsuited, but by his
famous interiors, the "Maids of Honor"
and "The Tapestry Workers," and prob
ably by some of the group of serio-comio
portraits of the court Jesters and dwarfs.
In the prime of his artistic strength and
high in royal favor. Velasquez was struct
down in his sixty-second year, by an
acute illness hrqught on by his labors as
court marshal. In that capacity it be
came his duty to superintend the arrange
ments for a royal journey to the Spanish
frontier. The French and Spanish courts,
after a prolonged struggle, had become
reconciled, and the reconciliation was to
be consecrated by the marriage of the
Tnfanta Maria Teresa to King Louis XIV.
The fatigue and responsibility Involved
in managing so gigantic an undertaking
so sapped the master's strength that he
could not resist the ensuing ague, but
died on August «. 1860, to the genuine grief
of King Philip IV and the court.
Notp-^This paper will be concluded on
Tuesday, November 14.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls, and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
i men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
! Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900. Examinations will
be held at their close as a basis for
] the granting of certificates.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange weaker. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures skozv some improvement. Barley dull.
Oats firm under Government orders.
Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay weak under heavy receipts. Feedstuff* unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables quirt.
Butter lower again and dull. Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Lighter receipts of Poultry from the East. Game steady.
Arrive . 's still scattering.
Crap, ■ •'■' leg* and dull.
Dried Fruit steady and fairly active.
General cut in Hams, Bacon and Lard.
Meat market as before quoted.
r»
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. Th« course of the
et-ck market to-day effectually dtss!pated the
symptoms of weakness which v.ere engendered
b> the Saturday bank statement. The coursa
ot prices was downward in the early dealings,
but practically ail the declines were recovered
and some striking net gains were established
In considerable of the list of stocks. The
downward course proceeded to the extent of .
1 to 2 points in a number of the prominent In- i
dustrials and reached as much as a point
In a number of ratlr.>ad3. Including examples :
from the grangers,- Southwestern*, Southerns,
coalers and trunk lines. Northwestern dropped
at one time 2*. In the leading Industrials a
level of priced was subsequently established,
reaching generally a point above .Saturday.
The railroad group was not so resilient, but
its downward course of the morning was very
generally retracted and fractional net gains !
are the rule. In Southern Pacific the recent '
large and organized buying was resumed after I
the decline had reached and it was advanced
1% and closed there. The speculation in
leather continued on an enormous scale, the
price being raised on running Bales of 20,000
shares at the opening from N, .■■■'. m to ■»
aNjve Saturday's price. Subsequently the loss
of Saturday was more than recovered and the
price lilted to within a shade of 41. Thera
was heavy realizing In the stock in the late
d'-;;lini's, but it was firmly supported at 40.
The renewed support by the ppeculative pool i
in leather had no small influence in dissi
pating the fears of a more general break in i
prices. There were many soothing explana- '
tions offered of the exhibit of a deficit In i
Burplua reserves by Saturday's bank statement, j
The favorable explanation among speculators '
was that it was due to an "error" In the re- j
turn of a single bank, or rather to the rectlfl- j
cation of an error mad? in • ie previous week's |
return. It was this error, so It wan said, ;
which had caused ihe unduly favorable state
ment of October 28, and the allowance for It !
•was what made the showing of the deficit I
of la.n Saturday an 3 upset the stock market. !
• The comfort found in this explanation was I
somewhat disturbed by the rl.«e In the call
money rate tr> 12 per cent and the 'calling of
Joans by the banks. But the conviction becam?
general that Saturday's bank statement wan
.. not a fair Index of the actual condition of
the banks. The continued hardness of New j
York exchang? at Important interior points ■
aroused expectations that the movement of
money Is about to -urn In favor of New York.
The short contracts which were put out in
the mornir.s: were very ■ rally covered be
. fore the close. The eve of the elections was
also the occasion for covering of some short
contract* which had r*en put out, on the
■ theory that this year's election might be the
prelude to the unsettled business conditions
which are looked for in a presidential year.
The drop in the money rate to 5 per cent late
In the day accentuated the buying demand
for stocks. -m; incident of the" day was a
■falefof T nltM States Milling at 12. compared
. with 24 for the last preceding Bale some time
Prices of bonds only partly recovered from
tho early decline In sympathy with the stocks
Total paler, par value, $2,075,000.
T'nited States old 4s (coupon) advanced ■.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
B?d
2,570 AtchlEon 0954
8.150 Atrhison prefd res
377 Baltimore ft Ohio ••••-... 71
Canadian Pacific ~/ m , : *
— Canada Southern - 3
3.075 Chesapeake & Ohio ' 00
2.%0 Chicago Great Western .. HV, '
10.P50 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy.~~r!l322 i
JOO Chicago, Ind & Louisville.. ; jm
— Chife.eo, Ind & Louisville prefd...". 43>4
V*' Chicago & Eastern Illinois 951?
I.SWi Chicago & Northwestern lfiO
4. MS Chicago. Rock Island '• Pacific ' 114 V
».«W CCCft St Louis ....' "ou
6,200 Colorado Southern ' fit'
r.'.n Colorado Southern Ist orefd.... 47^
600 Colorado Southern 2d prefd * ]SV
MM Delaware & Hudson. t .'.' 121.V
2.3W Delaware, I^ack & Western 190 '
f.OO. Denver <4 Rio Grande "" 2114
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd... 7.7." 7-r?
Krie. ;.;.. -jji/
2,077 Kr\e Ist pr^fd 3S v
2-0 Great Northern pr«'<i ' '37314
FiOO Hooking Coal " lfl\
ISO Hocking Valley , ~ 22i/,
1,140 Illinois Central l 1?) i|
Towa Cf-ntral 133/
100 lowa Central pr«>M SKU
123 KnnFas City, Plttsburg & Gulf gu
100 Lake Erie & Western , igu
... Lake ETrle .<:• Western prefd 7r<i£
■ '/ ... Lake Shore jqs
"fi.KM Louisville & Nashville ?6*;
27*021 Jlanhatt.an Elevated 1111.4
2'nO Metropolitan Street Railway 19<!U
- 230 Mexican Central . IS%
Minneapolis & Ft Louli Tr,
" Minneapolis <?• St Louis prefd 94U
"•'am Missouri Pacific .• 4314
Mobile & °hlo 46
**"?o6 Missouri, TCnn>»Hß A- Texas 12* i
1 100 Missouri. Kan«aa & Texas prefd.... 4014
2 '-", New Jersey Central 124
• ' 2700 New York Central 1.17V4
llpoo Norfolk A Western:.-.:;.-. 27%
I'ISS Norfolk * Western prefd 71
i:«pi Northern P^c"^ ■■■' ™*
i r/ft v^rtliern r*"clflp ■■•■■' «
o C - 0 r.ntarlo ft Wostcrn..... ST.'i
i - {j - JJ or-P«n nn"mv .?- NoV 42
nres-on Railway & Nov prefd 70
"s'o'sn Pennsylvania ljl
two Reading- *;. -•:••"•::: i. .
6,060 Reading Ist prefd 60*4
700 Reading 2d prefd S2V» I
Rio. Grande Western 37^ j
....:.. Rio Grande Western prefd S3 j
f4lO St Louis & San Francisco 11%
112 St Louis &S F let prefd 70 |
270 St Louis A s F id prefd 37
St Louis. Southwestern 12=H
1,175 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 31%
7,650 S?t Paul 126% ;
100 St Paul prefd .; 172
400 St Paul & Omaha 120
65.770 Southern Paciiio 41H
6,770 Southern Railway 1."% !
6,i'50 Southern Hallway prefd 57% i
460 "Texas & Pacific ... 19 I
7.010 Union Pacific 47% I
4,640' Union Pacific prefd 76 7 s
SlO vVabaEh S r >j !
2.500 Wabash prefd 23 : i j
2,770 Wheeling a: L E 11\
1,511 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd SO?;
57S Wisconsin Central 20%
Express Companies —
Adams 115
, American US
United States 50
Wells Fargo 180 |
Miscellaneous—
1,860 American Cotton Oil « '
, American Cotton Oil . refd 96
ISO American Malting 12'-i ;
I.SJO American Malting prefd 45% ;
2.600 American Smelting & Ref 37 '
2,090 American Smelting & Ref prefd .... STVi j
100 American Spirits 4% j
American Spirits prefd 17
2.363 American Steel Hoop 42»-i
200 American Steel Hoop prefd S2Vi
11,610 American Steel*& Wire 47
300 American Steel & Wire prefd V.'M
545 American Tin Plate 33
360 American Tin Plate prefd S2
460 American Tobbacco 122' i
American Tobacco prefd 144 i ;
2.355 Anaconda Mining Co 117% i
25,650 Brooklyn Rapid Transit SS* t i
1.850 Colo-ado ' lei & Iron 65%
5.420 Continental Tobacco 42% :
1.533 Continental Tobacco prefd 91 J ; •
IS.JSS Federal Steel 5S» t |
820 Federal Steel prefd 79 3 4 \
200 General Electric 121 :
120 Glucose Sugar 51 !
Gfticose Sugar prefd 99 !
7C«i International Paper 26 v i i
iiu International Paper prefd 71Vi ;
4.2 Laclede Gas 79 .
155 National Biscuit 46% i
National Biscuit prefd 9fi !
200 National Lead 25% I
... National Lead prefd 107% i
OX) National .Steel 48
450 National Steel - fd 93% !
100 New York Air Brake 147% j
1.000 North American 12 1 ,, !
175 Pacific Coast :. j
Pacific Coast 1 1st prefd SS
Pacific Coast 2.1 pr-M 67% i
6.290 Pacillc Mafl 40%
3.555 People's Gas i:is*i '
20fi Prised Stoel Cnr 57*4
300 Pressed Steel '"ar jirefd PA^ j
168 Pullman Pnlace Car ISS
4,306 Standard Rope i Twine 13% i
41,300 Sugar Is6ti I
Sugar pn»td 117« i i
2.400 Tennes - Coal i- Iron us' I
1?5.1F7 United States Leather/Tfr: :..;.':.;.."; 4f> i
12.607 United States Leather prefd 7f,% :
507 United Stated Rubber 48% j
202 United Stati-s Rubber prefd IV2\
614 Western Union SS' 4 :
SSO Republic Iron & Ste»] 243 t
410 Republic Iron <fc Steel prefd ...... 69 I
P C C & St Louis 73 !
610.900 Phai-*-=
CLOSING BONDS
D 8 2a reg 101 M X & T 2ds TIU. ;
U -3s reg 108 M K&T 4s 93 |
V B3s coup 108 N V C Ists mv t I
U 8 new 43 reg. ...129% X C gen 5s 120 |
U S new .4s coup..l2C<% X Carolina 63 127 j
1' S old 4s reg 112 i: Carolina 4s 10*
U S old 4s coup — 112% Ko Pac l»ts 113 !
U S 5s reg 110H Ko Pac 3s f.hV t !
U s r.s coup no% l.'o Pac 4s 102'-i. I
Dis of Col 2 655.... !'.7 X V C & St L 45. .1 M I
Ala class A 112 \: & W oon 4s  '.<2% s
Ala class B 108 \: & W gel 65.,.;. 133
Ala class C 101 L)r Nay Ists 115
Ala Currency 100 }'r Nay 4s lO.tii
Atch gen 4s 98% Or Short Line Cs..I2SV, i
Atch adj 4s S3 C'r S L con 5s 113
Can Sou 2s K'S. Ueadlng Gen 45.... ST
Ches & Ohio 4 1 >.' 95?; U G W lsts OVA
Ches 1& Ohio Sa 116%. c L & I m Con 55.. 110 '
C & N Con 7s .... 145 ?L & .-' F Gen 65.1i1% I
CfcKSFJ •••(, Ss. US tt Paul Con JGS
Chic Term *' 3?>4 •• P C & P Ists 120
D & D G lEts 106 ?t PC & P 55.. .IJ9V4 !
D t R G 4s .''■■. -!o-j l:y 5i 108 Vi i
ETV Si Q 15t5....10.m Hand R& T 65.... S3 I
Erie Gen 45.. "l't Term new set 35.. 94 I
F W & D C lsts.. SOU rex A Pac 15t5. ...114 !
Gen Elee Si 110 Tex & Pac 2ds.. 55 I
CII& S A Bs.. . .109 Union Pac 4s 104
G H* 8 A 2d5....103 ; / | Wabash Ists... . 114 '
HAT Cent 55. ...11 l iWabash 2ds inoy I
H & T C Con 6s.HO West Shore 4s 113=>
lowa On Ist? 113 Wls On Ists 75
X C P & G lsts.. 72%Vn. Centuries S5", j
La new con 45.... 106 I V'a Deferred 5
L * N T'nl 4a 99V4'P010 & So " 85
MINING STOCKS.
Phollar 20'dntario goo '
Crown Point lOiOphir "* t |( j |
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 10
I>adwood 65 Quicksilver .... 1 50 !
Gould & Curry 25 Quicksilver prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 30' Sierra Nevada 3<j
Homestake St 00 Standard 2 85
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 25
Mexican 16 i Yellow Jacket .... U
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jWestlnghs -..4c,
Call loans 506 IWIs Central 204
Time loans 5(&5^ j iv.mlnion Coa! .... 17 '
Stocks— Dom Coal prefd...
A T A S F 22%j lionds-
A T & S F prefd.. 66',i Atchison 4s 98
American Sugar.:. 157 Mining Shares—
Eell Telephone ...3CS lAdventuro <~\
Boston A Albany. 2so Allouez Mm C 0.... 3M,
Boston Elevated. ..lo6l4 l Atlantic 27 ;
Boston & Maine.. .2os B 'SI in & Montana 322 !
Chi Bur & Q 133 iJJutte * 805t0n.... 67 |
El Elec 111 203 i Calumet & Hec1a..765 I
Fitehburg prefd. ..l2o IContennial .. . 251:
General Electric. ..l2l',4 Franklin .... 17U
Federal Steel ... 58% i Humboldt 112
Fed Steel prefd.... 79% Osceola M>i
Mexican Central.. 1". ; -, : Parrot 45U
Old Colony 20S iQuincy "")-•,
Old i ■ minion .... 30 ! Santa v- Copper.. 8»4
Rubber- 48 j Tamarack 216
Union Pacific 47% Wlnona 51:
Union Land 31Vi ! Wolverines .. MX
West End 92 Utah . 3714
West End prefd.. ..115 1
— I
New York Money Market.
NETW YORK. Nov. 6.— Money on call, firm, at i
E<ft2o :*r cut; last loan, 5 per cent,: ruling
rate, 9 per cent; prime mercantile paper, s£fs»i
per cent. Sterling exchange., irregular, with
actual huslnefc In bankers' bills at $; 86% a ; -7
for demand and at $4 82%'?i4 S3 for 00 days
posted rates, $4 84^4 fiS; commercial bills $4 "■■.:
silver certificates, sSVsfg?G9fec; bar silver, 55%(" :
Mexican dollars, 4;-V Government 'bonds'
firm; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds'
easy. '
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were inactive to-day pending .1 ■
velopments In the South African war and the
money situation. Americans were dull almost
etagnant. They dropped fractionally. Th
country sold Erie first preferred.
Spanish fours were 63%: Anacondas 9% on
the Exploration Company's resignation from
the European agency following the
Ftci-pagre of publication or regular re"
ports. It is rumored that J. p y{ _
pan & Co. will be the successors, but the Lon
don house professes Ignorance on the subject*
Money Is hardening on the rumor that the
Bank of France will raise Its discount rate th
week, causing Germany and possibly England
to follow suit. The payment on the first Issue
of treasury bills falls on the next stock settle
ment day and a squeeze is expected.
The County Council proposes to Issue £600 000
six-month bills. Twenty thousand pounds' In
gold was taken for Roumanla, £10 000 for
South Africa and £18,000 for an unstated flea.
tlnation. " '
CLOSING.
■ LONDON. Nov. B.— Canadian Pacific '•-.. ■
Union Pacific preferred, 78%: Northern Partn^
four.-, 77 1 ,4; Atchison. 23H; Grand Trunk Vv-
Anaconda, 9%. liar SUycr, quiet, 26% d. Itoney"
214 1 8 | 3 per cant. " ' T*?X-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.T^, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,975; exports, 4765; steady with wheat and
showed a fair demand at about former prices,
closing quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 8325; exports, 404,431. Spot
firmer; No. 2 red. 74% cf. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7S%c f. o. b. afloat
to arrive new; No. 2 red, 72 7 c elevator. Op
tions opened steady at Vie advance on early
cables, but ruled quiet and turned easier un
der liquidation following unsatisfactory later
cables and unexpectedly large increase in the
visible supply. The market again rallied on
reported bull movement and covering by shorts
in the West. Closed linn at %c net advance:
March, 74-Vr«77V(<. closed at 77» 8 c; May. 77%@
77-V. closed at 77% c; December, 73%<g73 IS-16C,
closed at 78% c.
HOPS— Pacific Coast and State, 1899
crop, 12<JF15c.
IllDKS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 25@26c.
METALS— The situation in the local metal
market continues discouraging, nearly all de
partments displaying decided weakness under
heavy pressure to sell and neglect on the part
of buyers. The cable and domestic news was
very unfavorable, adding considerably to the
general depression. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIG IKON— Warrants dull, with sellers at
$16 for March to June delivery.
COPPER— Lake, quiet at $17.
Barely steady at $29 BO bid and $30
asked.
LEAD— Steady at $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER— Weak and lower, with $4 75 bid
and $4 SO asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
cop] $17.
rOFFEE— Options eloped steady, 5 to 15
points net higher* In October. Sales. 32,750
bags, Including December. $5 35@6 40: January,
$5 35- March S-> 455i5 50; May, $5 66; June, $5 60;
July. $:> 6:.; September, $5 75 ■■-:> SO. Spot coffee
—Rio firm; mild firm.
SUGAR— Raw steady, but Inactive. Refined,
steady and quiet.
HT'TTER— Receipts, 5f.05 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 17'4@25c; June creamery,
17® 23c: factory, 14%<?f17c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7541 packages; firm; West
ern ungraded at mark, NfflSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6— California dried fruit
steady Evaporated Common, 6<?f7c ;
prime wire tray. 7%@Bc; choice, B>-i@B%c;
fancy, »'■■ ■■'•■• Prunes— 3%£S%c. Apricots-
Royal 13.J?lSc: M irpark, 15@13c Peaches—
Peeled, 20@22c; unpeeli 7%®10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6 —The opening: in wheat,
though quiet, was not without Interest, and
considerable strength was shown. For the first
tima in> weeks prospective buyers had some
thing really substantial to encourage them in
strong and higher cables and world's ship
ments that were much smaller than had been
looked for. with prospects of a continuance
of small shipments. Uneasiness by local shorts
shown on Saturday's curb was much more ap
parent at the opening to-day, and buying from
that class of traders had much to do with
the advance in prices that took plaoe. The
demand was not heavy, but offerings were fe-.r
and far between, and shorts in consequence
had seme difficulty at times in covering. There
was some selling by professionals on the first
announcement of Western receipts, which
turned out to be heavier by nearly 300 cars
than the actual receiptn and later some selling
was also done on the announcement of an In
crease of 1,440,000 in the visible supply. But
all <.n>rings were quickly abe ed, and at
no time did the market exhibit weakness. The
trend of prices was steadily upward, and dur
irg the last hour of the session, the best
prices of the day were obtaining. December
opened *ifi ..■ higher at es^flSS^c. After a
slight further rally it eased of! to 6S»ic. then
gradually advanced to 69c, which wan the
*" Corn was ■ firm, partly In sympathy with
firm, partly in sympathy with
wheat and partly on account of firm cables
ard moderate local receipts. December closed
i4@%c higher at Sl'-.tfTsmc.
The market for oats was almost entirely a
sympathetic one. prices following in a small
way the fluctuations of wheat and corn. De
cember closed 'A@\kC higher at 22H@22%c.
Provisions were slow, hut In the main steady.
Heavy receipts of hogs acted .1.- a drag to the
market, but the Blight opening decline was \
soon covered and for the rest of the session
pries kept within a narrow range. Ship- j
ments of meats w«re liberal and this and the j
strength of the grain markets sustained pro- 1
visions. January pork and lard closed un
changed and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as ' How*:
Articles— Op»*i. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December CSS «9 684 «>
May 72>5» 73 72%. 73 j
Corn No. 2 —
December 3'A; 21 '•i 30^ 314
January 80% 80% 30»i 30",
May S2Vi 32"» Z2%. 8214
Oats No. 2—
December ..... 22' i 22% 224 22%
May , 23% 24% 11% 24V»
Mpps ' irk, per hbl—
December 820 8 22% S2O 820
! January 9 224 9 77% 9 22% 9 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
Decf-nifter 5 07% 610 r. 07% 610
January i!' 5 27-4 525 5 27%
Short Rib.", per 100 lbs—
I December 4 9) 4 90 4 90 4 90
i January ■4 91 4 97% 495 4 97%
j CaFh quotations were as follows: Flour,
I steady and easy. No. 3 Spring Wheat. 64%fj67c;
' No. 2 Red. C9@7oc; No 2 Corn. 31%<f132c; No 2
Oat*. 23<7r24c: No. 2 White, 2SN,fz26%c; No. 3
White, 24^2 '. c: No. - Rye, 52%@53c; No. 2
. Barley 86#42c; No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 28%; Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 25; Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 75®
8 20; Lard, per 100 lbs, J5 nstfrr, 20; Short Ribs
Bides loo?e), $4 85@fi 20; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed). IS^n"*; Short Clear Sides (boxed).
$5 20T?. r . 25; Whisky, distillers' finished goods
per gallon. $1 24; Sugars. Cut Loaf, 5.70 c; Gran
ulated. 5.18 c
j Articles— ! Receipts. Shipments.
FJonr. barrels 82,000 24.C00
Wheat, bushels 74,000 11.000
Ccrn. bushels 261,000 647.000
Oatf, bushels 278,000 178.000
Rye. bushels 4,O<V) 2 000
Barley, bushels. 64,900 10.COO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery, 15%',?23 1 ; Dairy,
!4®j9'/ic; Cheese, quiet, ll\@l2^c; Eggs. firm,
fresh ISC
I Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 in' 4 5 1114 ' 5 11%
Closing 5 10% 6 11% 6 1,4
PARIS.
! Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening , 18 00 19 00
CloEing 17 90 . IS 95
ur—
Opening 24 25 25 60
Closing ..." 24 15 25 40
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Nov. G.— Earl Fruit Company's
Kales of California fruit: Grapes— Cornlchon.
$1 tO^l 70 single crates; Tokays, $1 06(81 63
I single crates, $2 5093 65 double crates. Three
ca i- s fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were-
Grapes— Red Emperor, $1 6O1&I 75 single crates;
' clusters, $2 25@2 3';; Emperor.- $1 6081 75; Mus
cat. 45c@$l 35; Tokays, 45c(g$l 90; Verdelle. 300
©41 53; Cornichon, $1 20@l 45. Pears— Eastern
Beurre, $1 50©l 70 box; Winter Nellig, $2 10®
2 30. Five cars fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 75c
(gU 65 single crates; Cornlchons. $1 35@1 65 sin
gle crates; assorted, $1 60 single crates; Mus
cats, Jl 40.
Visible Gram Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday. November 4, as complied by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease
Wheat 51,001,000 1,430,0000
Corn 12,832,000 834,000
Oats 6,058,000 45,000
Rye 1,127.000 34,000 ....'.'.'
Barley 4,3. ,8,000 482.000 ,j
.. - ■
, Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. «.— CATTLE— Best beef cat
tle, strong to 10c higher: poor to fair kinds,
steady; range cattle, strong; good to fancy
■ cattle, $"> 75({J6 75: common to medium. $■ 2',^
5 CO; cows, heifers and bulls, $1 T.'/'M 10; fancy
heifers. }3 50; Texas grassers, $.; 25475 85; calves.
$j^rv 75.
HOGS— Market steady for butchers and best
heavies; packing and light grades weak; clos-
Ing strong; lair to prime, $4 10©4 27%; heavy
[pacierfi, *3 7£@4 10; mixed, {3 2531 15.; buichers,
J4 1094 25; light weights, $3 X©4 17%; pigs,
«3 KOW4 05. :_ .
SHEEP-The market for both sheep
lambs was easier to-day; common to choice,
1304 65; Western rangers! $3 £004 40; good to
prime lambs, $5@5 65: prime native yearlings,
$4 20@4 75; range lambs. $4 60©5 65
Receipts-Cattle, 15,000; hogs, 32,000; sheep,
24,000. .
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $891,274,455; gold reserve,
$253,768,588. • ..' '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON Nov. p.— Consols, I03%«103!6:
silver, 26^d'; French rentes, lOOf 22%c@100f 17% c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, rather easier;
country markets, weak; imports of wheat Into
United Kingdom, 308,000 qrs: do flour. 229,000
irs; wheat and flour on passage, to Unit .
Kingdom. 1,830 OOOqrs; do Continent 1,240.000 qrs,
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
none; do Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL Nov. Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4%<J.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot dull. Futures, steady; De
cember, 5s 10% - March, ssl',id; May, 6s '£<!.
CORN— Spot American mixed new and old.
firm, 3s %d. Futures, Him: November, 31 .■-,..
December, 3s 6%d; January, 3a SVid.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Nov. 6.— Clearings, $712,163; bal
ances. $57,453.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
• PORTLAND, Nov. C— lt Is still possible to
sell Walla Walla wheat at 54c. but there is very
little moving at that figure and no active cam
paign is being made to start business. valley
has been trailing along after Walla Walla at
about 56c, but to-day some of the dealers re
fused to quote It above 54c. The pressing de
mand of exporters nt this time .is for ships.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— market, holiday.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7V4
Sterling Cables — 4 SS ,*
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 124
Mexican Dollars 4S 48^
Find Silver, per ounce — &SV&
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Claverdon takes for Antwerp
6609 ctls, valued at $6090.
Futures sympathized with a slight advance at
Chicago, and Improved somewhat. Spot quota
tions were unchanged.
Chicago opened firm under an advance of Vid
at Liverpool. The world's shipments' for the
week were 5,600.000 bushels, about half of last
year. Shipments on passage decreased 2.000.000
bushels. Acalnst these bullish statements,
however, was an increase of 1,440,000 bushels in
the visible supply. The Northwest reported
farmers selling freely and that receipts would
be even larger were cars more plentiful. The
strength in Corn helped Wheat.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06; millic,r. $1 07Vs#
1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o - clock -December—
16.000 ctls. $107%. May— 4o.ooo, $1 7 -*; 42.000,
$1 14%:
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 14%; 2000,
$1 MV December— 2n,«;o. $1 "" :
Regular Morning Session May— 36,ooo, ctls.
$1 15- 22,000 $1 15' a: 4000, $1 H 7 December—
000, $1 07%: 32.000, $1 07 7 4.
Afternoon Session— May ctls, $1 1475.
BARLEY— Claverdoa takes for Antwerp
63,723 ctls, valued at $58,000.
The market continues very dull at unchanged
quotations.
Feed. 75@85c; Brewing and ehippine grades,
$off9sc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— salec.
Second Session No Sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The Government is on the market for
2000 tons for Manila, and this adds to the
previous firmness of the market, though prices
show no advance. White. $1 10®] 30: Red,
$1 07'*gi 17%; Gray, $1 ; -.-)«l 17%; Black, 97% c
$1 10.
CORN Eastern large Yellow, $1 05@l 07%;
White *1 03®l-C7%: mixed. $1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
RYE— P. r .c(s?fl 01 \ per ctl. Shipment to Ant
werp of 11.800 Ctls, valued at $11,200.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family, extras. $3 CC@3 75.
uf':al terms; bakers' extras, $3 40® 3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 « 33 50 per barrel for
extra, $3 255J3 40 for bakers, and $2 25i;3 for su
perfine
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows usual d'.3<'ount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Heal, 5- 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. .$2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal. $8 25; Oatmeal $4 23;
Oat Groats $4 60; Hominy, $8 25@3 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $-t;M:.',. Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrel*). $6 00*36 45; in sacks, $5 Ssy« 25;
Pe-\rl Barley $6; Split Peas, $4 GO; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
H*n.w receipts of Hay weakened the market,
thouch there was no a^ tua.l d*
re was no change In Feedstuffs.
■
Mil IDLINGS $:: j '"-" ■■ ' l'T ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley. JlSiJjlJ; s>"» per
ton' Oil < ake M< al ;it tl Ipbing.
J27 60528 Coooanut Cake, %i "■ C ■nmeal,
Zi r.O; Cracked Corn, $24026; Mixed Feed.
; 7 ■ ■:;■• ed M'ai. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, !•';:' '-" for common to «ro<vd
nnd Jlo®lo 50 r'or choice; Wheat and Oat. J7 ,v»
Oat, J7jj9 50; Barley. Jf^iS; Alfalfa. Js@
• • ■ • : 1 per ton.
STRAW 50®42%0 per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans remain as previously quoted, with a
qulft market.
BEANS Bayos, J2 r n^2 80; small White, J: 16
large White. J2 SO©J 40; Pinks. J2 850
145 n»-.ls $3 6008 76; Blackeye, J» SO; But
ters $3 i,lma. $4 9006; i'ea. J2 7»y3; Red
Kt.!nf>- J.! r,fifi2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brdwn Mustard, Hf?3Hc: Yellow
Mustard *vi l v: Flax, nominal; Canary,
V- per lb for California and 4.- for Eastern;
ra, Domlnal; Kape. 2'«'&2c; Hemp. 4 1 1 •■ .
Timothy IS4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 35^1 50; Green, *1 75
per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Potatoes nnd Onions are quiet, with a few
narrow changes in the former.
Vegetables are dull and featureless.
POTATGKS— Kiver J{r<is. fi.Vut.sc: Hurbanks.
4Ti5T65c per ctl; Rallnns Burbanks, $lff?l 25: Ore
gon Burbanki 70{?$l: Sweet Potatoes. 65c@75
for Riven and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS—6O®7Bo per ctl.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, 3@sc per lh;
String Boans, 3fi'sc; Lima Beans, s®«c;
Cabbage 35{f40c; Tomatoes, 20@4Qc: Egg Plant,
S5-J?50i:; Dried Okra. i- ; -" per 11.: Garlic, 2W3c;
Green Pepper*. 50®76c per box: Carrots, 30i?/40c
per sack; Cucumbers, 60c; Marrowfat
Squash, • ■■:]■'■ per ton; Mushrooms, lOOWc per
lb for choice and 4(B*>c for poor.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern went on yesterday nnd sev
eral more are announced for the next two or
three days. Turkeys are dull and in free sup
ply.
liamo si Id at Rood prices, as usual.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 1." ■■■
17c; Dressed Turkeys, 166'lSc; Geese, per
pair, 11600175; Goslings, $1500175; Ducks,
Jtilf.Q for old and $4 600560 for young;
Hens, HQS; " Young Roosters. J3®3 50; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; .yers, j:'ji;l 25; Broilers,
\'Vdi 25 for large, (16003 for small; Pigeon*,
ii 25 per dozen for old and $1 50©l 75 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 TB©J; Mallard. $G«?8: Can
vashack, $6^9; Sprig, $3 7596; Teal, tS®4 60;
Widgeon, $2 6098; Small Duck, $2@2 50; Doves,
75ft 85c per dozen; Hare, $1 25ffl 50; Rabbits,
$1 75; Gray Geese. $3 50@4 50; White. $1 50m 75;
Brant, $1 76©3; KnKlf^h Snipe, $2 50 per dozen;
Jack Snipe. $1 25©1 50.
' Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The announcement of cheap prices for Butter
by eeveral large retailers adds to the weakness
and the market Is depressed, with a slow ac
cumulation of stock. Ranch Eggs are in ll^ht
supply and firm. There Is no change In Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 25©26 - sec
onds, 24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 24c; Kood to choice, 22Q23c;
common, 21c.
Pickled roll, 22@2<c; firkin, 217i22Uc; cream
ery tub, 22\;Si?ic.
KA3'.3rn— \~*J\if for ladle racked and 2;c for
Elj:r.: Oregon !.-.(!l<?, 17919 c per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, JlVic: old lOH-gi
lie; Young America, ll^c: Eastern. U@isc.
EGGS— Quoted at 25@32v4c for store anii,37V4O
400 per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 2SS'BOo for
selected. 25®27V40 for No. 1 and 20®22H0 for
seconds.
, Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market continues dull. Grapes of all
kinds are on their last lees and nrrivals of
Oranges are thus far light. Apples are in good
supply and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 3S@66c per box for common; 75c@$l
for rood to choice and $1 2S@l 50 for fancy.
BERRlES— Blackberries. — per chest:
Strawberries, per chest for small and
$3@5 for large berries; Raspberries, $4(8 ti
per chest: Huckleberries, si@7c per Ib; Wiscon
sin Cranberries, $« 50t&7 BO per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries, $7 50<0"S 50; Coos Bay Cranberries,
56 r.n per barrel ami Kfi'2 2. per box.
Persimmons, 75c@$l 2. > per box.
Grapes, 20<?M0c. per box: crates sell 10#15c
higher; Wine Grapes; $15@20 per ton for all
kinds.
Pomegranate*, K0(!?7oc per small box.
Winter Pears. BOi ■■ SI 50 per box.
Guinea. fMftt&c per box .
CITRUS FRUITS— Nave) Orange?. N^r, per
box; Seedling;?. $2 50-713 ',0; Lemons, 75c@$J 30 for
common and %2 / for Rood to choice; Mexican
Limes, «4: California Limes, - : Bananas, $2'J
-50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week opens with a steady and unchanged
market.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In Packs, A c for
40-50*8, 4Uc for 50-60's. SKe for 80-70*s, 3" c for
70-SO - s. 3c for 80-90/ a and 2-^c for 90-lOO^s;fApri
cots, U®l3c for Royals. 12»,;f?i6c for Moor
parka and 12*1140 for Blenheims; Peaches "'.;
SV-c for St in lai Is. 6'Sfiv.c for choice and 7c lor
fancy; peeled Peaches, ll<Sl3c; Evaporated
Apples, 6V',«7 l -:c; Sun-dried, v-/.,;,,- per 11,- x ec .
tarines. B©9c per lb for red; Pears, 6%@Bc for !
quarters and B@loc for halves; Black ii. 3® !
B%c; White Fives. 4®6c: Bleached Plums, B@B%<r
Unbleached Plums, C«,4@7c for pitted and v,4
2M>c for unpitted. . 7ZW
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy r , Pr
lb, 10c: choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime 6c : un '
bleached Thompson's, per 18, 6c. .Sultanas— I
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, :■,<--. standard 6Vt<v !
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. r, C ; Seedless'
DO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels suA
3-crown, CVic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layer*'
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown 51 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping poiiit^
in California.
-Chestnuts, 10c; Walnuts, g@9 for
standards, and 9^@loc for soCtshell; Almonds
10V4©12V4c for paper-shell, 9®loc for soft and Vw
Be for hard-shell; Peanuts, 5?4@6>4c for East
ern, and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, SU,Cay c -
Filberts, ll@U%c; Pecans, 7H'qßc; Cocoanuts'
$4 60@5.
1 HONEY— Comb, llUe for bright and 10^c Tor
light amber; wat:-r white extracted, 7">i^7',i(-
light amber extracted, 6'4@7c; dark. 5V4c per
lb.
i BEESWAX— per lb. .
Provisions.
Competition among: dealers has resulted in a
sweeping cut In Hams, Bacon and Lard.
CURED MEATS- Bacon, B%c per Ib for
' heavy, 9@9>4c tor light medium, lie for light,
: 12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
] Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%®13c; California
Hams, 12HJil3c; Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra
j Mess, $12 50: Family, $14: extra Prime Pork,
$12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess, $1S 15 50;
Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD- fierce* quoted at firs6<*.c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7>*c; 10-lb tins, Sc; 5-lb tins, SV4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%yT^ s c per ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
j about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
; steers, 11S11%C medium, '."He; light, 9V£c;
I Cowhides, ! :!"■: Stags, 6%©7% c: Baited Kip,
j me; Calf, 10c: Pry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
! brands, 18c: Dry Kip and Veal, \:.--'<i\ Dry
. Calf, 176 :• Sheepskins, yearlings, 20<S30c
', each: shorrWool, SsfrGOc each; medium. 70fti«ic-
I long Wool. WcSj 10 each; Horse Hides, suit,
$26,3 lor lark? 1 - una $1 z:/si\ 50 for small, Colts'
206 50c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5 1 ,4!53};c per ib-
No. 2, 4M>®sc: refined, ; grease. 3',-jc.
WOOL-
! Fall clip— San Joaqulr. plains, 7>4<g3e; South
; ?rn. 7610 c; Middle County. 10@12V4c; Humboldt
; and Mendoclno. lirolSc; Eastern Oregon, little
i Valley Oregon, 15®18c Northern Mountain
: free, lift 13c; Northern Mountain, defective, fl®
■ lie per lb.
HOPS— B@loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7%o per lb for Steers and 6&@7c
for Cow*.
VEAJL- 7®loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V4!2fSc; Ewes, 7@7^c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7^©S%c per lb.
PORK Live Hogs. BV4c for small, shi<3b%c
i for medium and f.'a.",>-;c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs. 7©B%c.
General Merchandise..
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. "®7%c; Wool
Bags, 2SS3Oc: Fruit Bags, 6c. 6)4c and 6»ic for
the three grades of white and 7^sc for
bleached jute.
COAL-rWellington, $g per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
}•'■: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $8;
Scotch, — ; Cumberland, $9 75 in bulk and
$11 25 in Backs: Pennsylvania Anthracite E*rg,
$13; Cannel, $> 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton in bull;
and $18 In sacks.
SUGAR The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, a Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%e Pow
dered, J-^gc: Candy Granulated, se; Dry Granu
lated, 4 7 *c: Confectioners' A, 4 7 s c; California
A. — ; Magnolia A. 4'- 2 c: Extra C, 4&c; Golden
C 4>,;c: barrels, l-160 more; half barrels, \«c
more; boxes. Vie more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels. 6*»c; boxes
6^»c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
1 FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6.
I Flour, qr ska 20,428 Middlings, sks... 1,160
I Wheat, ctls 111,164 Sugar, sks 1,880
Barley, ctls 16,770 Sugar, bbls 242
, Oats, ctls 4.290 ; Raisins, bxs 625
, Corn, East, ctls. 800 Eggs, doz 3,390
I Butter, ctls. 112 Leather, rolls so
Cheese, ctls 10 Wine, gals..- 63.600
Tallow, ctls 240 Pelts, bdls 533
Beans, sks 1|764 Hides, No 377
Potatoes, sks..;. 6,743 Wool, bags 314
Onions, sks 968 Hay, tons Sin
■ Bran, ska 1,183 Straw, tons 15
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 8,475 Potatoes, sks.... 2,710
Wheat, ctls 800 Bran, sks 1,069
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business In securities on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
Gas & Electric was lower at $56 50@66, and
Mutual Electric was weak at $13 25@13. Contra
Costa Water was firmer at ?76 25@7t> 75.
STOCK ANL» BOND EXCHANGE.
f MONDAY, Nov. 6—2 p. m. I
Bld.Ash.! H •!..» X
U S Bonds— Eqult QL. Co. 6 «>i
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 13^4 14
4s quar reR.... — — OG L & 1-1 — 4T&
4s quar new... — 131*4 p ac lias Imp.. SSVi —
Ss quar coup.. — IOBV4 Pac Light Co.. 404 *1
\iiMfllune.ius- . 6 F G & E.... 57' 67 I £
Cnl-st Cab a 5 .117 — Kan Fran 3 3^
C C Wat 68...JW8V4— Stockton Gas.. 12 —
hid L. iv i bs.l^U — i Insurance —
F& Cl Hy 65. 115- — IFlrom's Fund.22o —
i Gea.-y-st It be. — 95 : Hank Stocks—
IHC *. S 5V4b..107% — Anjrlo-Cal 65 . — I
L A Ry 55....106 l Rank of Cal... — — |
L. Al. Co Us.. »9 — Cal SD & T.. — 08, !
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — first National — 2*a I
Do gtnd as.. — — Lon P& A 129 —
LA& P R 05. 104 — :J!er Ex — 16
Mark't I 65...125% — i Nev Nat8k... 183^190
Do st M 55...U6ViU7 I Savings Banks—" j
NCN '• X 75. 112 - Ger S & L....1700 — i
NR of Cal 88.116 — I Hum 3 £ T....1050 1160 I
I>;R of Cal 112% — Mut Say 8k... 39 — I
INP C R fis.lol — :i- X Say U...5U0 - . I
M Jb* (- iv li bs.iu/ 108 Say & L 50... — 90 j
N Cal R R 5?. 11l — Sec .Say Bk.. — 3w i
O G L & H 55.. — 110 I Union T C 0. .1400 U4O
Oak Tran 65... 111 112»,i Street Railroads-
Ocean S S 85..106%107 i California ....121 124
Orn CRy 65.. .126 127 «- n , r >\ 50 -
P&CI Ry 65..107Vi11i) Market-st 62 62',;
p 40 Hy B-.llfi - WSL &H. - !.u
Powell-st R Cs — 122 Presidio — 30
Snr Xl OAKS* - - ' '""Wder—
SF & N P 6s.n4*ills<A California 162^150 1
BF & S JVas.lls% — I'■'1 '■' l'>nnmlt»... s.. ,5 !
BRy of Cal 6s.WS',i — Giant Con Co.. 89% DO !
BV f of A K5....112k — (Vlgorlt 31,2 _
B P C 65(1905). - — ; /■ -«i'r-
SP C 6s(l!'0«).Ul - Hana P- C 0.... n 11%
SP C C5(1912).118i4 — Haw C&SCo 95 97
BrCls eg is. — — Honokaa S Co. 35 35U
S pßr 65.;.... 123 — Hutch S P Co. 299, —
S V Wat fa ...114 — Kllauea S Co.. 26 30
B V Wat 45....i0r-; — Makawell sCo 49 —
b V W4s(3dm}. lol*i.— Onomea s Co.. 33 39
Stktn Gas «•.. — — Paauhau S Co. 34% 34a.
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 76% 76% Al Pack A nan.. 119
Marin County, Mi - ■ M«r Ex Assn.. - uhi
Spring Valley. lOffJilOl'/l Oceanic S C 0... 90% 92
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.. is —
rent Gas C 0... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.145' —
Cent L. & P.. 6 7 'Par Paint Co.. Si 4 -
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Bank of California 407 qq
15 Contra Costa Water \ 78 25
60 Contra Costa Water...... ]\ 75 so
15 Contra Costa Water 75 gou
20 Contra CoMa Water..... "' 75 7^
80 Equitable Gas "" 6 \n V
10 Giant Powder Con; s 90 " 59 o^ ■'*
50 Giant Powaor Con .■ "•" 59 o
-10 ant Powder Con, b9O \] s;> jot;,
2f> Giant Powder Con [[ , S3 ;g
25 Giant Powder Con ....!!! S9 7
-55 Hana Plantation Co Vl ";,
25 Honokaa Sugar C 0... 35 25
I 25 Hutchinson 8 P Co 29 25
25 Mutual Electric Light ■• 13 25
75 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
$1000 N P C R R 5s 113 00
$3000 Oceanic S S Bonds 106 To
50 Onomea Sugar Co 38 00
160 Paauhau B V 1 Co 35 00
201"S F Gas & Electric Co 55 00
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co..' 58 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 23
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 37V4
]3."i s F Gas & Electric Co." ■'■' ••"
10 Spring Valley Water 10125
200 Vigorit Powder 3 50
700 Vigorit Powder 3 62 I .i
Street—
390 Honoicaa 3 "> 25
$10,000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 119 50
5 Alaska Packers' Association 119 25
5 Alaska Packers" Association 119 00
1 100 Contra Costa Water 76 62Vs
100 Contra Costa Water 7b ;.o
1 10 Contra Costa Water <° 37%
20 Equitable Gas ° £> .
] 280 Equitable Gas ••* «X m
10 Giant Powder Con w w
I 20 Giant Powder Con SS'iSi/
I 35 Giant Powder Con f 62%
j 26 Giant Powder Con. s SO »9 37%
35 Hana Plantation Co 11 JJV
50 Honokaa Sugar C 0... » -»
50 Honokaa Sugar C 0.... «j if 1 *
15 Hutchlnson s P Co.. *■> *■>
50 utchinson SP Co *» '_;
$4000 Market Street Cable c* ':.. ■'
5 Mutual Electric Light ]■] -
$5000 Northern Railway of Cal Gs 110 Wf
CO Oceanic S S Co -WOO
114,000 Oceanic S S Bonds ; - «« XX
10 Taauhau S P Co » '"
2T> Paauhau S P Co :z •'
50 S F Gas & Electric Co •;: '".'
, 110 s F Gas & Electric Co •■; r'
$2000 S F & S .1 V Bonds £5 50
30 ring Valley Water "■ .",.
I 200 Vigorit Powder I r«
400 Vigorit Powder 3 oU
' Street—
I B0 Vigorit Powder 3 62'/
5 Oceanic B S Co ••• 90 7o
! BAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 76 00
20 Contra Costa Water <£ «
30 Contra Costa Water •« I*%
20 Giant Powder Con j™ "'J
25 Giant Powder Con *■> jo
40 Paaul Sugar Co *> li.i.
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 5S M
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 58 37%
200 Vigorit Powder 3 ■•"
Afternoon Session.
Board— #
20 Equitable Gas 6 00 -
85 Giant Powder Con |9 ';-•-•
20 Giant Powder Con 59 "I,
20 Giant Powder Con »9 37%
25 Mutual Electric Co 13 50 ;
15 Mutual Electric Co "
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 3a 00
i 120 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 00
SO Oceanic S S Co 90 '2,.
20 S F Gas & Electric °° 3<".4
150 Vigorit Powder ' ■■"
200.Vlgorit Powder 3 bZ^s
50 Vigorit Powder » '»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
! Morning Session.
] Board—
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
300 Petroleum Center 35
Street —
100 Blue Goose .' ...38 00
One-tenth Home Oil Company at $4900 per
share.
One-tenth Home Oil Company at $4850 per
i share.
Afternoon Session.
Two-tenths Home Oil Company at $4800 per
share.
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 00
500 Petroleum Center 35
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
: 100 Tidal Wave 3 05
" 200 Tidal Wave 3 10
1 mo San Jnaquin O & D Company 1 00
10 Caribou 125
10 Northfleld 80
I in Equitahle 106
| 850 Barker Ranch Oil Company 1 10
I 100 Century Oil Company 75
200 Stella 60
Street—
100 Kings County Oil Company, b 10 2 00
300 Northfleld so
100 Monterey Oil Company 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Tid.U Way? :. 305
100 San Joaquin O & D Company 1 00
2uO Northfleld SO
100 Buckhorn Oil & T Company 4 25
Street—
50 Tidal Wave , 3 10
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
| Stock and Exchange Board yestrday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes l? 400 Mexican 18
350 Caiedonia 49; 400 Ophir 53
550 Con Cal & Va..i 45: 200 Ophir 67
300 Crown Point... 11 300 Sierra Nevada. 38
■ 100 Gould & Curry. 27 300 Yellow Jacket. 22
! 9".0 [ale & N0r.... 40
: : v Afternoon Session.
I 500 Andes IT 40.0 Hale & N0r.... 40
500 Best &. Belcher 37! 7CO ■ .phlr 52
100 Best & Belcher S3 1700 Potosi 28
2fio Challenge 201 700 Sierra Nevada. 33
600 Chollar 22 200 Union Con 25
150 Con Cal & Va..l 35' 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 12 1 400 Mexican 17
200 Best. & Belcher 40 300 Ophlr 56
200 Best ,v Belcher it ! 20( Ophir 53
300 Challenge Con. 2v' 1000 Ophir 54
j 150 Con CaJ & Va..l 45; 200 Overman li !
500 Con [A Va..l 40 1 200 Potosi 30
600 Gould & Curry. 27 i 300 Sierra Nevada. 36
200 Hale & N0r.... 411 500 Utah 08 j
Afternoon Session.
2000 Alta 02 500 Hale & N0r.... 40 1
1 300 Best & Belcher 37: 200 Mexican 16 '
' 200 Best & Belcher 28, ICO Ophir 55
I 500 Con Cal & Va..l 40 1700 Ophir 63 :
I 200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 600 Overman 12
■ 500 Con • .i' & V r al 374; 200 Potosi 29
50 Gould A Curry. :> 200 Sierra Nevada. 35
1 200 Hale & N0r.... 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Nov.- 6— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Hid. Ask.
! Alpha :... — 03'Kentuck — 02
Alta 01 02; Lady Wash — 02
Andes 11 12 Mexican 16 17
i Belcher 28 29 Occidental 15 16
Best & Belcher 87 ft Ophir 54 55
; Bullion 08 07 Overman 12 13
I Caledonia 47 -iPotosl 28 29
Chollar 21 23 Savage 15 16 :
' Challenge Con. 20 21 Pcorpion 02 — '
' Confidence — 75:Seg Belcher.... 05 07
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40 ; Sierra Nevada. 33 34
Con Imperial.. — 01 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 10 12 Standard 2SO —
Exchequer — 02 St Louis — 06
Gould St Curry. 25 26 1 Syndicate — 06
; Hale & Nor 40 11 '.Union Con 28 27
! Julia — 02 ft ah 07 09
: Justice 02 04 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
£a £» £%
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, NOV. 7. 11 O'CLOCK AT
ORMONDE SALE STABLE. 1517 MISSION ST
I will sell 40 Head of Horses direct from ,1 '
country. We take pleasure in showing the
above stock in harness any time up ir, *\ v nf
sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Sales Every Tuesday, 11 o'clock
.
By order of a private gentleman [will sell
the celebrated Road Horse Frank Murphy, pa-
cing record 2:11. I consider him. the . lev'erest
Road Horse in California to-day. One Hand-
some Rubber Tire Top Road Buggy, one P,litz
Ball-bearing Road Cart, Harness, Robes; Boots
etc.. one Handsome Bay Mare, Top Buggy and
Harness (has been used by a lady) arM
somely Matched Teams of Blacks. This" sfJck
must be seen to be appreciated.
• S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N, jjer
chants' Kxchnn«e, San Francis
■
Th- time ball on the tower of the
building was dropped at exact - «<
1 c.. at noon of the 120 th n ■ . at 8 ™
o'clock p. m., Greenwich tin
C. G. C ILKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. B. large.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and L-.w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 7.
Qnr. Wcoc CLL
NOTE— In the above exposition or tne tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of t'n<»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tile
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rofercm-p U thp mpnn of th*> lower low VTBtTS.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVEP.
Monday, November 8.
Ptmr Sunol. Liebig, 96 hours from Gray*
Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. 40 hours from. Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, .'Mi hours from
Portland, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr W. Harrietts. Hansen. Sb hours from De
parture Bay.
Stmr Navarro. Higgins, 12 hours from
Bowens Tending.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Port
! Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 75 hours from New
port iS). etc.
?:rar Geo Loomis, Brideett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Hr stmr Doric, Smith. 27 days 10 hours from
j Hongkong:, via Yokohama 16 days 12 hours,
j via Honolulu 6 days 22** hours.
I Br i<hip Hougomont. Lowe, 131 days from
i Antwerp.
Schr Lilebonne, Hansen, 10 days from San
Pedro.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, 14 days from Ccxjullle
' River.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 8 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Monday. November fi.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall,' Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dieso;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br 3hlp Castle Rock, Jones, Queenstown; G
W McNear.
Br ship Port Patrick. McLellan, Queenstown.
SAILED.
Monday, November 6.
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, .
Stmr Santa Rcsa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, .
Btmr National City. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
S:hr Marion, Topfer, Tacoma.
SPOKEN.
Per Hougomont— A us 31. off Staten Island, Br
ship Crown of Scotland, from Swansea, for San
Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Nov 4— Br ship Blackbraes, from
Shields for San Francisco, arrived at Stan
ley, F I, with loss of sails and slight deck
damage.
Br bark Reechbank, from Hamburg for Santa
Rosalia, arrived at Stanley, F I, with loss of
sails and crew sick.
I'M DE JANElßO— Arrived Ft bark Emila
Galline, from Swansea for San Francisco,
partially dismantled by gale.
MONTEVIDEO, Nov s— Fr bark Marshal
Villiers. from St Nazaire for Portland, put in
here partially dismantled.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 6, 10 p Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov fr-Schr Sailor Bay.
for San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Nov 6~Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov S — Schr
Viking*, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 5 — Schr Dauntless, for Guaymas;
schr North Bend, for San Francisco; schr C
T Hill, for San Francisco: schr Glen, for San
Francisco; schr Wing an.l Wing, for San
Francisco: schr Otillie Fjord, for Hilo; gchr
Twilight, for San Francisco; schr Beulah, for
San Francisco; schr Emma Utter, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWN SEND— Nov 6 — Schr
Wm Renton, from San Pedro, for Tacoma:
schr Fannie Dutard, from Newport iS) for
Port Blakeley; schr Meta Nelson, hence Oct
2r. for Tacoma.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 6— Ship
Dashing Wave, for Taeoma.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Luella,
.-
MENDOOINO— Arrived Nov C— Schr Alice
Klmball. hence Oct 24.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov fr-btmr Empire,
hence Nov 4.
SIVSLAW RlVEß— Sailed Nov s— Schr Bella,
for San Francisco; schr Nettle Pundborg. for
San Francisco. _
CAPE NOME— In port Oct -20-Stmrs Albion.
Aloha, Homer and Cleveland, for San Fran
cisco, and whal bark Alaska, for San Fran
cisco' all to sail in 'wo or three days.
DUTCH HARBOR- port Oct 24— Stmr Elk.
for San Francisco.
POINT REYES- Passed Nov 6. at 3 p m—
Haw stmr San Mateo. from Nanaimo, for Port
Los Angeles; all well.
EUREKA- Arrived Nov t— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 5: schr Mary Buhne, hence Oct SI:
Bchr Laura Pike, hence Nov l. Nov s— Stmr
Samoa, lience Nov 1.
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran-
ClSC'"'.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Lakme.
from Tacoma. Nov 5— Stmr Pasadena, fronj^
Eureka. Nov 6 — Schr Penelope, from .
Sailed Nov 4— Bark Oakland, for Everett; schr
Jennie Stella, for Grays Harbor. Nov 6— Schr
Louise, for Umpqua.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov Stmr State of ("all
fornia, hence Nov 4; Haw schr Honolulu, from
Guaymas.
.Off bar Nov 6— ship Port Logan, from San
Diego.
San" DlEGO— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Alc&tra*.
FOREIGN PORTS.
STANLEY. F I— Sailed Oct SO— Ship A G
Rones, from New York, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 3— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver. N >v 4 Jap stmr
America Maru. hence Oct 14.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Oct Bark C D
Bryant, from Nanaimo.
HlLO— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Nokomls, from
Port Gamble.
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 27 —Br bark
Woolahra, from Newcastle. Aus. Oct 2S— Br
stmr Aorangi. from Victoria ship Great Ad
miral, from Newcastle. Ana schr R W Bart
lett, from Grays Harbor. Oct 30— Br stmr
Doric, from Yokohama. Oct 31— stmr Gae
lic, hence Oct 24.
Sailed Oct . 2S— Rr bark AnteloDe. for Port
Townsend; Br stmr Aorancl. for Sydney; Bchr
Endeavor, for Port Town end. Oct -'— Rktn
Irmgard, for San Franc
FALMOUTH— Arrived Nov 5— bark Bat
tle Abbey, from Hamburg, for Puget Sound,
put In for repairs.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Nov 4— Br bark Falklend
bank. for Santa Rosalia, ■' ■•"♦- '. - ;; • ; «-
MANILA— Sailed Nov I— Stmr Tacoma, for
San FTanelseo.
NEWCASTLE, Aus - Sailed Oct 10— Schr
Oceania Vance, for Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Xov Stmr Bulgaria <
from New York. ' '
GIBRALTAR— Arrive.! Nov &— Stmr Aller
from New V rk. for .pies and Genca.
Sailed Nov fi— Stmr Werra, from Naples and
Genoa, for New York. ■■'-.. ,- •
Continued on Eleventh Page,TRUSTS ROUNDLY
DENOUNCED BY
REV. DR. DILLE
Believes Them Con
ducive to Evil.
LABORING MEN SUFFERERS
AN ABLE DISCUSSION OF THE
MOOTED QUESTION.
«
He Enumerates a Number of Evils of
the Industrial System — Who
Should Qvra. Public
Utilities?
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle of Oakland de
livered a scorching arraignment on trusts
yesterday morning before- the Methodist
Episcopal Ministers' Union. His strong
Views on the labor question '. : cited great
applause and he was afterward congrat
ulated for his able exposition ■■( the sub
ject; The title of the paper he read was
"A Study of the Labor Question," and
in part he said!
The labor problem Is but another na:ne
for the problem of humanity. The destiny
of labor is the desiln\ oi the race, for the
grem muss or men imi?t end in a soci«.l
order of workingiii^n. The workl:»?nuui has
a right to a rair share of the realth his
labor produces. There Is no Intelligent, falr
mlr.ded man who believes that naked
muscle should be paid the eamc wap?e as
muscle plus brains and training; that
skilled labor should be reduced to the level
of unskilled labor; that the railroad super
intendent or president should receive the
same wases as the brakeman. Bui when a
p;ar. toll* twelve to Blxteen hours a day
tor a. paltry $1 or s': and sees another man
raid four millions a year out of the wealth
he helped to produce, he think? there is
gross Injustice somewhere and I agree With
him.
A great factory owned by a syndicate of
nitllictiniros paid a monthly 5 rev cent divi
dend lost year and yet the men whoss
work made the dividend possible only re
ceived $1 for a ten-hour day* work. vVhat
cops It mean to the man who only gets
{1 for a day's work? It means servitude
and slavery In all but name, and a. wretohec
life fcr the children he brings into the
world.
Th<» evil Df. trusts la that they make pos
sible »v.oh combinations of capital that a
comparatively fey rich nv-n can control the
commerce anO the industries of the world.
Becoadly, they present inducements for the
uf« of unlawful means to attain the ends
proposed. Thirdly, having secured by these
nvans the control of an article or article*
Of commerce they use their power to raie*
prices and practice extortion upon the pub
lic. The modern trust is a great octopus
that padlocks factories and places ten thou
sand wa.ce-earners on tlie list of loafers,
beegars and tramps.
We are the richest nation on earth and
a? cur wealth Incr-visc-a wo are 1 k»ly % >
b-jr more and more Rigantlc n^Kr^ations o f
capital until civilized people shall say to
tha rising tido of monopoly, "Thus far
shalt thcu corr.e but no farther."
The meat • newspapers are beginning to
make Themselves heard upon this imminent
peril. Cciisr«sß has ;t weapon within reach
with whk-h to give the d».ith stroke to all
of the rapacljus trusts now existing. Most
of these combinations deal in American pro
ducts cf which tbey have a monopoly. It
!s * press perversion of the taxing power
of the Government to impose a tariff with
out yi"ldlr.ar a revenue to the Government
as It enable* trusts to plunder American
citizens. Another evil to our industrial sys
tem is the employment of women In the
Industrial world. Work is now done by
women for SO cents and fO cents a day for
which men have in tim^s *-■ received $2
per day.
I u:n not :iiestl"nlrsf the ri^ht of laborers
to strike; they have the Fame rlg-ht to or
panlz- a lnl«-.r tnist that capitalist. : have to
organize other tr*iKt°, but I am Qtiesflon
' In? Its expediency; I an: a firm believer in
c modified socialism. I believe d the na
tiorali7atlur. or munl^ipalirat'.on of all
monopolies, such as wharves, brldre?, fer
rle*. waterways, railways, telegraphs, tele
phor.es. electric light plants, water work?,
pas workF, street cars, etc.. but I am not
propnrc-d to go the l«>nf?U; of Karl Marx.
Oronlund and Bellamy and apply collect
ivism everywhere. In my opinion extreme
socialism Involve? such suppression of In
dirldual liberty as to be fatal to It.
T^ast year the profits of the Pprtng [ley
"Water Works In Snn Francisco were $1,303 -
242. rid Par. Francisco own her own water
works this sum of over a million dollars a
year mleht go ir.ro her treasury. <""oll!s
P. Hunt'.nirton In sr,*a'Kine of the combina
tion of the jrront railroads pays that more
roads under one control the bettor. I axrrt-e
with' him. only p.a controller of the road I
prefer "Unc!« 6am" to "Uncle Collls."
GASOLINE LAUNCH DESTROYED.
Carelessness in Handling a Lamp
Causes an Explosion.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. G.-On Sunday
evening a gasoline launch which piled
between Sacramento and Vernon In the
freight and paspenger trade, and which
Is owned by Hardy & Thayer. was de
stroyed by tire at Vernon. The accident
was ; caused| by the careless handling of
psoiine. Mr •Thayer held a lighted lan
tern while filling '.he r ?s<-rv.,lr from the
tank fmrt the 11 amo Ignited the liquid 'in
his efforts to get the tank overboard' Mr
Thayer a hands and portions of his cloth
ing were burned. An explosion took Dlac«
just as the tank struck the water and the
river was aflame for a hundred varc' =
each way for some time.
■ « ♦ ■ .
St. Francis de Sales' Fair.
OAKLANT), Nov. 6 —There was an un
usually large attendance at St. Francis
rte Bales' fair to-night. The programme
Included a piano bolo by Miss Maud
Y\ ;. Ms, stories by George Calvert, recita
tlon by John A. Belby, selection by St
Mary's College quartet. The feature of
the evening was a tug-of-war between
the married and the unmarried the prize
being a box of cigars, which were smoked
by the young bachelors. David F. Selbv
had charge of the entertainment To*
inorrow night's programme will include
a piano solo by Miss Flora Bruler. a vocal
bolo by Mrs Mary Sullivan-Langdon. a
cornet solo by Miss Nellie Shipley of San
Francisco, vocal solos by George Lamb
end Miss Sophie Liebalg. On Wednesday
the young ladies of the candy booth will
give an afternoon tea. when the reception
committee will comprise Misses Gertrude
Griflln, Agr.es Karrell. Irene Kannlfln and
MfiHe L. McDermott.
. m ■
Every good citizen will go to the
polls to-day. Civic patriotism re
quires it.
■ ♦ ■
Terry Bruce's Will.
AiyAMK !>A Nov. g._ in p. will of thirty
w.irrls Jerry Bruce, the old teamster, who
•was found dead In bed last Friday morn-
Ing, bequeathed what little property he
poFSMis^d to Attorney P.. B. Tap] of
this City. The will is In tho pofisepsior. of
Tappan & Simpson and is properly signed
and witnessed. It rr-ads p? follows: "This
Is my will. I devise and bequeath what I
die possessed of to R. li. Tappan, and I
nominate him as ex^rutor, to serve with
out bonds." The testament is dated Jan
"ELECTRIC FAIRY TALES."
nrilE newspaper advertlnement stories told by certain self-styled "doctors"
in tbelr efforts to dispose of Inferior old-style Electric Belts at from $40
to IfO apiece . j. N > are Indeed very affecting, but fall to provo con
vincing to-^ j, vV,/> everybody la this wide world, BECAUSE It is
— *-£ jf^k-E^s actually a fact that the Latest Im-
i( - -' •■ Ifv i-^C--- it \l 1 proved. Most Powerful ana In all
•\ t't r \r*f£t'slxwLr»L I respects the BEST Electric Belt is
>> wl/7r-Nj-^.< Ari'/'/Sc "DR. PIBRCB'B." and It Bella at half
SfVv^J^--^^ the Price asked for the other kind
p7-^al/TFi!^^kSTfl )*J\te2tti£\ We keep right on manufacturing our
stt^P&-J*mM^ Patent Electric Belts and lYusses
(aarnm ir''k^-' a * M >^^" •■"^* MM^«^.W I and curing people therow.th by
pfejSi>-^r y'' ""'■'' z sVvt2i I °'" >ret ' and hundred*" in all parts of
Ks&rVv ' jj -» v*\/« S. i \li£-SJ2ixJ!sx&S&% the world. If you want the BKST
R^^%rf^^" l^^'^^^VVv^^» you MUST have "Dr. Plerce's." A
wor(1 t0 the wlso ls -"fflolent.
!^iO^RjM > jW'^Bf *\V- BKVj^^ CCrCom** and see us at the office or
'XWfer-^iiiiyVjCSlf^^ 0 V* X send 2 cents In stamps for "BOOK-
'AVt Y"^^lX'fKP^^ V \ "" T ' ET NO - 2 -" PIERCE ELECTRIC
\\ '/'I.IV ' /P .j;|Sbß CO., 620 Market etreeet (opp. Palace
Hotel), San FTanclsco.
vary IS, lS9fi, and is signe.3 by mark. Th<
witnesses to the document are M. W
•n and Annie McDonough.
. ♦ . —
HUSBAND AND WIFE
SHOT ON THE STREET
Attacked by Former Ex-Wife While
Out Walking With Some
Friends.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— August WißChman,
a well-known saloon-keeper, and his wife
Rose were shot and dangerously wounded
at 1:30 this (Tuesday) 'morning by Mrs.
L#ona J. Lay. Wischman's divorced wife.
The shooting occurred at Thirty-fourth
street and Cottage Grove avenue as
Wischman and his wife were on their way
to their home. As they passed the cor
ner their assailant stepped from the shod
ow of a building and fired two shots. One
of the bullets entered Wischman's left
breast above the heart and the other pen
etrated the right breast of his wife. As
her two victims fell the would-be, murder
ess led, but was captured later by the
Mr. and Mrs. Wlsehman were taken to
Mercy Hospital, where it ws found that
Wlschraan la fatally injured.
Mrs. Lay declares she is the former
wife of VVischman and that she was
prompted to the act by jealousy. She
said sho married Wischman in Taylor
ville I" Wischman la 35 years of age and
married Rose a week ago. She is 26 years
old. Five years before the man and the
woman who shot him were divorced.
Last night Mrs. Lay went to Wlsch
man's home, but finding the" place dark
she stationed herself nt the corner of the
street knowing they would pass there
on their way home. She stood at the cor
ner for nearly two hours before she was
rewarded by seeing her Intended victims
approach In company with Dr. Dun
woody and his wife. Mrs. Lay rushed
out and pressed the revolver against her
former husband's breast. Before a hand
could be raised in interference a bullet
penetrated his body. Darting to her sec
ond victim the murderess fired the second
shot and then fled.
OAKLAND'S COUNCIL
HAS A BUSY TIME
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The City Council I
found several delegations waiting for it '
it convened to-night. One of the.
most important matters before the Coun
cll was the matter of licensing Kuck's
saloon on Twelfth street. Several
were present to protest against tho grim- '
ing of the license, ar.d Mrs. Pelton mada '
a very impassioned address, stating that
'»'ds of High School pupils passed
and that drunken young women !
• w<m frequently coming out in the
■Jay time. Mr. Btetson moved that Kuck'? j
application be denied. He said that the \
ealoor. was one of the keno joints and had
a bad name. The vote stoon: Against
the motion— Mott, Krsmm, Cu\
Meese, Taylor. In favor of motion—
Olrard, Stetson, Rowe, Barstow. S;'haffer ,
was excused H.nd Upton was absent
1 matter was referro.i to the L4censo Com
leal ; : Mr. Stetson. Mr. ;
not dis
criminate against Kuck po long as sa- i
were licensed, and he would not ;
draw the line po long as ail side en- i
. sed.
The . • as the north arm of the
i 1.-ike to the golf club produced a very
warm - proposed to es
i that as tho road was merely a thoi
fare for the millionaires who played golf,
he did
mor> ■ rirard,
President Mott said that ther<
gray- r the city
not own all of the land In that vicin
ity. The question was finally sent to the
Attorney I i . nion.
The free library sit- 1 was brought up by a
ution from the Library Trustees ask
ing permission to build or. Laf
square. Mr. Schaffer Inti • re»o
lution ' pul the ni w library on L
! square, as advocated bj M tiants'
. .■• a big debate was staved iIT
tig the matter to the commute*
I of th<
Mr. CuvelUer railed up the municipal
water question by Introducing a new or
dinance appropriat; Rob
erts' wells. The su
.. bui la Insufficient
■t argument In
suppi ' ling the rules and pass
ing the ordina: • Mott w
; to kn»w. . • ■ : C. what Is to 1"' the
move, to which Cuvelller replied that
I It would be to build a plant and pi;"- the
\\ ■ be hLd heard cltteena
should bear
part : ■ value
.i. and Mr. R w said that he
• I the same query.
Mr. Girard Introduced a resolution pro
■ .- that the Board of Works procure
ti ols, hire- the men and make the
but " me under tho charter
i and the i was dropped. Mr.
Tavlor Bald thai it •■ I •■ b it
1 a businesslike to procui
a y<-;ir from Captain Roberts
■ making
It compulsory on the city to make the
• •- within a certain time.
itory problem was re
ferred ■ Public Impi ivement Com
aance was Introduced pr^
■
• •• being • • • ■ match
! factory on the sh ir< i of Lake Merritt.
Berkeley News Notes.
i;i-.ll!\ l-.i-i. r , noT, o. — Dunon yvijeuii,
:he infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
r. wilt m of Scenic Park, died yesterday
evening. The funeral services will be held
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock in St.
Mark's Episcopal Church on Bancroft
way.
Mr?. Antoinette A. Hawley. State presi
ient of •■■ Woman's Christian Temper
mce Union of Nevada, will speak before
:he local Woman's Christian Temperance
CJnlon next Wednesday afternoon at the
residence of Rev. F. H. Robinson, 2223
Bhattuck avenue. Her subject will be
"Some Problems Confronting Our Asso-
■ ♦ ■
Their Spouses Deserted.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.-Judge Ellsworth
to-day granted a divorce to Emma R.
Carney from Albert F. Carney on the
ground of willful desertion. The parties
had been married only a year.
The divorce suit of C. P. Duncan
against Mary Duncan, who is alleged to
have run away from her home to Kansas
City, nan been referred to Court Com
missioner Babeock, as have also the dl
vorce suits of Laura McMahon against
Philip D. McMahon and George Moening
against Emma J. Mooning ,
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Marriage licenses
were obtained to-day by the following
named: Charles R. Gibbons, aped 31 years,
San Leandrc, and Ellen C. Woods. 1$
years. Ban Jose; Rasmus H. A. Pllegaard.
2S years. Fresno, and Else Marie Jensen!
2o yea«. Oakland; George L. Hand, 21
years, Alameda, and Martha H. Moore 20
years. Oakland; Antone D. Valentine 21
yearn, and Louise A. Verenis 20 yearn
Oakland; Charles B. Hurlbut 29 year*
and Bessie M Hazlett. 22 years, ElmhursU
Banana Peel and Broken Leir
tiSlJdt.
fcssna? k°e r r £*««
Willow street, was' ninSln|f or a trSS
Last night and slipped upon the peel with
the result given He was taken to the
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
Alameda
LOCKED IN HER
ROOM HID LEFT
TO STARVATION
Strange Offense of
Capitalist Young.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.-R. S. Young, a
capitalist of East Oakland, was brought
to the City prison at midnight for a
most remarkable offense. lie had
looked and bound his housekeeper, Mrs.
V. McCord, in a room with her little
child, and she feared he intended to
starve them to death, as he had denied
her ail provisions. Cries for help from an
upstair? window at a house on East Fif
teenth street and Fifth avenue aroused
that neighborhood, and the police were
pent for. The patrol wagon and a posse
\\<-:.t out to capture the burglar that Mrs.
McCord said was In the house. She threw
the keys of the front door out of the
window and the police entered.
They found a mar. in the front hall, and
or. goir.gr upstairs they found Mr*. MLc-
Curd was very closely imprisoned. The
door of her room was locked, several
turns of rope lashed the door handle to
the banisters and strong hinges were
screwed at the foot of the door and to the
transom. <~los and water had been turned
off ay.'l Mrs. McCord had been d>!iied all
provisions. Mrs. McCord snid she had
become Foung's housekeeper through nn
advertisement for "a housekeeper in the
like." She had lived in the Young
household several months and had dis
agreed on the question of wages. Her
attorney had advised her not to vacate
the houso till she •was paid and V
took the pxtraordlnary measures to starve
her out. He was turned over to the police
by the wcm.-in and tnken to lall.
FUNERAL OF STUDENT
JESSE NORRIS HICKS
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. The funeral of
Josse Norris Hicks, who met his death
on the Berkeley campus while playing
football, was held at noon to-day on the
arrival of the narrow-gai:Ko train. The
funeral was held from the First Congre
gational Church, of which he was a mem
ber. The church had been decorated by
members of the Christian Endeavor So
ciety. Services were conducted by the
pastor, Rev. James B. Orr. who spoke
feelingly. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, presi
dent of the State University, occupied a
peat on the platform and paid a beautiful
tribute to the memory of deceased. The
hymns, "Some Sweet Day By and By"
and "Some Time We'll Understand," we're
sung by a choir. A long line of carriages
followed the hearse to the cemetery.
Among the pallbearers were former class
mates in the High School of the deceased.
They were Bert Pioda, George Pena. Ed
ward Johnston, George Otto and Albert
11. Foster.
Merchants to Confer With Labor.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Local merchants
effect of the agitation in favor
of horju- trading has begun to bear fruit.
To-morrow night the M< rchants' Ex
■■ will hold another ■ ■ with
ations from local labor organizi
In the rooms "f the exchange In th^
Central Bank building, tho purpose being
n> further discuss the subject of home In
dustries rind how to promo-T them to at
tain tho best rr-Biilts.
THE BITTER CUP OF A
DO WNF ALLEN SOLDIER
% /^vAKLAXP, Nov. fi.— if it is possible to concentrate all the woes and miseries m
♦ I lof a soldier's misfortunes In one Individual, such a one is Axel Wldebtrg, a +
O V_y native of Sweden, aged 23 years, who waa arrested to-day at Castro and O
♦ Seventh Btreets on a charge of Insanity. The police found him in a state ♦
9 of bewilderment, and at the Receiving Hospital the physicians expressed the 9
q belief that perhaps he had been drugged and robbed. A careful inspection cf I
+ a hand satchel h' 1 had in his possession added to his misery, since from pa- +
O pers found In it It is learned that he was dishonorably discharged as a private o
♦ of tho Fourth Regiment Infantry, T*. S. A., In consequence of the sentenc* of ♦
9 a general court-martial held at Imus, Luzon, Philippine Islands, on August °
♦ 22, 1*99 The document reciting his downfall Is signed by Captain 11. E. Rob-
t Inson of his company. It shown a!s.. that Wldeberg enlisted from his home in 9
O Illinois to serve three years, and that he has received his pay in full. Now q
♦ he is 2000 miles away from home, penniless and unable by reason of his appa- 4
O rent demented condition to explain what happened to him. He will be exam- o
inetl by the Lunacy Commissioners to-morrow morning. ♦
O o
NANCE O'NEIL
STRUGGLES WITH
A POOR PUT
"Shadow" Is of the
Morbid School.
— ■
Thero Is a bad dream at the California.
j One leaves the theater with the relief of
waking to a saner atmosphere.
"The Shadow" has, as Its reason for
being, Nance O'Nell. Nance aside, the
play con.ii3ts of a group of variously ne
roic people circling about a hopelessly
' weak and caddish man. who is far from
! being cleverly bad enough to make all
1 the trouble that is charged to his account.
j tYederlc Vroome, the new leading man
of the company, succeeds in making him
i j self as disagreeable as the part demands.
The pl*y is another output of the mor
bidly unpleasant school. At times It Is
talkv and wearily psychological, even
unto' the liking of Ibsen. Always It is
I glow oppressive. It never rises to dra
matic heights— it thinks of doing so now
and then, out trips and falls.
The play, such as there !s, op^na at
1 i about two-third? through the first net.
Previous to this the audience is expected
.flow ;he course of a lengthy meal to
Whh h !t is not Invited and listen to ex-
I ulanatlons which would bo skipped by the
1 reader of h look, but which are forced
i down tho throat of a play-peer. Late in
I the net relief comes in the form of a star.
, Bhc is "ailed Therese and as such she
a-nnears a little like Camilie, o lltt.e like
! Matfda but less Interesting than either.
■ The fact remaining that she is still Nance
: O'Nell call her what the playwright may,
1 is "The Shadow's" one possibility.
There are always details of a first night
! performance that are not nice. Even' one
who has the misfortune to attend on nu;h
i a night must expect and endure. A cur
; tain at U:"5 can be forgiven or. one ocea
-1 nion and it Is unwise to bo disturbed by
snow that nutters in flakes an Inch
souare Jlrectly through window panes.
! Such matters are left to future correc
-1 lion. But the time to stra.jfhten out tan
tried' o-rammar is no later than the drees
i rehearsal. A pocket edition of pronouns
]is recommended to the director of tho
Nance O'Nell company.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Tivoli.
The week Rt the Tivoli opened with a
j production of Bucalossi's merry comic
I opera, "The Three Black Cloaks." The
i audience which attended the performance
' seemed to delight in the plot as well as
! the music, for hearty laughter and pefr
'■ sistent applauße were leading features of
! tne ftvoning. If I were called upon to se
lect the most attractive character of the
play I would decide upon Alf Wheelaa,
who In his red and white triquots might
be termed a male "Mile. Lotty," and
whose plastic pones were so realistic that
mi Innocent spectator could not be blamed
NEWS
ctf the Bay Cities
MAN SUSPECTED
OF ROBBERY IS
SHOT ON A ROOF
Cronin's Hard Fight
to Avoid Arrest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 6.
The police made four arrests yesterday
of suspected highwaymen and burglars.
This afternoon three of them were .urned
loose and the fourth is a very interesting
prisoner.
Frank Cronin of West Oakland was ar
rested last evening, but not before he had
made a desperate effort to prevent the
otflce*s from taking him. During the Rat
tle several shots were fired and one of
them passed through the fleshy part of
Cronin a left arm.
Sergeant McKinley and Officers Murray
and Stahl were charged with the task of
arresting Cronin. The warrant which they
took was sworn out two weeks ago by
Jos* Pragra. charging Cronin with disturb
ing the peace. It was known that Cro
nin was likely to give trouble when
threatened with arrest and the warrant
was used bo that he would not suspect
that they wanted him on a more serious
charge. As soon as Cronin saw the war
rant he seemed to realize what the officers
were after, for ho attempted to escape
by jumping through a window and on the
roof of' a neighboring house. During- the
chase several shots were fired and Cro
nin was hit. After receiving the wound
he surrendered to the police on the top
of the house at 721 Henry street.
Sergeant McKinley says that after '.he
man had Jumped through the window four
shots were fired for the purpose of scar
ing him. That they were not fired very
wide of the mark Is proof that the offi
cers did not Intend that he should have
too (pood a chance to escape. The charge
of disturbing the peace would not have
Justified the officers In shooting, but
he was suspected of being a party to the
recent robberies In this city and Alameda
and his extraordinary efforts to escape
apparently justified the officers in using
their guns.
This afternoon Chief Hodg-kins examined
into the doings of the suspects for the
last week ann released three ot them,
named J. Lynch, A. Webber and J. James.
Cronin will be kept pending further in
vestigation.
■ ♦ .
MURDERES BRANDES
STILL HAS HOPES
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— Thief Deputy Dis
trict Attorney H. A. Alelvin has been in
vited bj Attorney General Tlrey L. Ford
Isi in the argument for a rehearing
of thi , le against A. F.
G. Vereneseneckockockhoff, who is
charged wltn the murder of Mrs. Clute,
whl< a come* before the Supreme Court
next Monday. Attorney
Melvln has accepted. W. A. Brandes.
convicted of murdering his 13-year-old
daughter, is Interested in the outcome of
the !!■ IT case, for if the Supreme <'"urt
holds to its present position In that ease
it will establish a new precedent in crim
inal procedure and, sine- identically the
same points are Involved in the Brandes
murder case, a new trial may be granted
the latter.
for awaiting the adjustment of fanciful
plotures. Surely Alf Wheelgn serving as
tue would not be a bad Idea. His
work as the phlegmatic miller was ex
ceedingly funny and hie deportment very |
clever.
Ada I'almer Walker played the role of
Glrola acceptably, and Tom Greene's al
ways pleasant and musical tenor was
heard to much advantage. charlotte
Be< kwith was b decidedly dignified,
stately and handsome queen, who Bang '
her part prettily. William Schuster was
a ferocious looking Don Jose, and Hannah
Davis and Christine Stockmeyer wen- two
chic little bridesmaids. Altogether It was
;i satisfactory performance. This evening
"!.' Afrlcnine will begin Its second suc
cessful week. The advance sale predicts i
a crowded house.
ALFRED METZGER.
Orpheum.
All the new acts at the Orphoum this
wi-i k are making distinctive hits and were !
witnessed by a packed house last night.
Prominent among the new faces Is Mar- j
giierite Cornille, who is billed as the great ;
Parisian novelty. She is a gentle reminder '
of Anna Hold and is a dainty figure, pur- i
mounted by a wealth of Titian red hair, j
She sings two French songs and one ooon '
song with a delicious accent and quaint i
manner and was well received, i^ola Cot
ton, aged 6, gives a wonderful exhibition •
of "thought transference." That may b«
another name for it, but it is probably j
more of a complicated telegraph system !
founded on a, retentive memory, and Is
well worth seeing. Among the other new
i acts ar« Jerome and Alexis as the "Frog
! and the Lizard," who perform some de- j
| cidedly novel contortion work; Goggin and j
I Davis, two clever acrobatic comedians, i
i and Leo Carle, who played a travesty all i
Iby himself and made eight lightning '
' changes in less time than !t tnkc; to tell
, !t. The roturn of the American biograph j
I with a series of new views repeated its I
! former tuccess and the representation of j
| Admlrnl !_>• wey on the bridge of the ;
I Olympla was greeted with loud cheering. |
Alcazar.
The farce comedy "Nerves" afforded
i considerable amusement to the audience J
at the Alcazar Theater last night. It is I
full of laughable complications end every- '
thing goes with a snap. Clarence Mon- ]
talne made a hit lost season as Hlppolyte !
Caramel, the French confectioner, and j
last night he was as clever and successful !
as ever. He is the life and soul of the i
piece and Ire Is ably supported by Marie i
Howe In her old part of Zephyr Elaine, !
the. fashionable milliner. Frank Denl
tnorne as the dude with a bad cold in I
his head is Inimitable and shows what ;
he is capable of doing In character work ;
The same can be said of Miss Juliet '
Crosby as the servant girl with nerves I
Eugene Ormonde, Miss Gertrude Foster '
Mips Caroline Knowles, Charles \v. King
and the other members of the stock com
pany played their parts well. Miss Mac
Keane in the second act showed that she
Is a cltver and graceful dancer.
Grand Opera-house.
"The Merry Monarch" proved a draw
ing card at the Grand Opera-house last
night. It Is splendidly staged and all the
characters were well sustained. Hattie
Bell Ladd won a well deserved recall for
the solo, "When I Was a Child of Three,"
while Edith Mason looked charming in
boy's clothes. William Woolff mad<? an
ideal merry monarch and won a number
of recalls. Arthur Wooley was good as
Slroco, the royal astrologer, and Winfred
Cuff made an excellent cuibassador ex
OAKLAND
CANDIDATES IN
PLENTY FOR JOB
OF ALEXANDER
Friend May Retain
Arthur Martin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 6.
The recent tragic incident in the post
| office has brought on very suddenly an
; unexpected political wire-pulling match.
j There must be appointed soon an assist
ant postmaster, and the appointment lies
primarily with Postmaster Friend.
There is no dearth of candidates, and
| the postmaster la already discovering:
! that he has aa large a task on his hands
i as he had a year ago when he made his
! first appointment. It was understood
i when Mr. Alexander was appointed that
• he was not Mr. Friend's choice, at lea-st
; that he was not Mr. Friend's first choice.
i There were many elements In the Repub
j Mean party, however, each clamoring for
the privilege of filling the office of asslst-
I ant postmaster, and as Alexander had the
indorsement of Senator Perkins and Con
gressman Hilborn. and as these two gen
tleman also had the privilege of saving
I whether or not Mr. Friend should be
! postmaster, it was very natural that Mr.
; Friend Bhould be pleased to appoint Mr.
Alexander.
At present Arthur Martin, who was as
sistant under ex-Postmaster White, Is
back at his old desk, and the Democrats
; are making great efforts to induce Post
master Friend to appoint Mr. Martin per
i manently on account of his knowledge of
the office work and his known attention
i to business.
L. T. Farr, who was assistant postmaf
ter under ex-Postmaster Bishop, and who
; was a candidate for the same position
! under Mr. Friend, is again mentioned for
hip old job. He is the candidate of the
! old Republican element, and now that
j Congressman Metcalf has succeeded Mr.
! Hilborn and he will likely have some
i thing to say In the matter, there is a
! chance for Mr. Farr. The opposition to
i Farr would also come from Paul Schaffer,
I who Ih also supposed to be a candidate for
; assistant postmaster.
Paul Bcbaffer was the secretary of Mr.
I Metcalf'a campaign committee, and could,
if he wished, go to Washington in a few
weeks as private secretary to Congress
man Metcalf. This situation, however,
would hardly be as remunerative as the
one In the postoffice, and Schaffer may
also be cons'.dered as a possible successor
to Alexander.
Ju.st on what authority is not known,
but frequent mention is now being made
of the name of W. Nat Friend for as
sistant postmaster. It was understood
that W. N.it Friend, the son of the post
i master, would not have objected to the
i job when his father was appointed, but
objections were raised which prevailed.
Should "Billy" Friend be a candidate he
i could certainly depend on the support of
Dr. George Pardee, for "Billy" has al
ways been a very earnest and active ad-
I vocate of the doctor's political aspira
tions, and was of necessity the most con
. spicuous figure In the Pardee camp at
i Sacramento. "Will Friend is very pop
-1 ular in the Young Men's Republican Club.
| is one of the idols of the Pondinkeye.
: but was us firm an opponent of the can-
I didacy of Congressman Metcalf as he was
; the warm advocate of Mr. Hilborn. All
j these things must be considered ns ele
; merits in the task of filling the position,
which, it is understood, pays $150 a month.
Postmaster Friend said to-night that
there are half a dozen applicants for the
position, but he could not make up his
mind till Wednesday.
"I am giving the matter my attention,"
said the postmaster, "and 1 have about
i made un my mind that a new man will
i not do.
This remark seems to indicate that he
intends to retain Arthur Martin, and it is
rumored that the postal inspectors have
! dropped a hint that this would be a wise
move.
i. ♦ »
Sad Case of Insanity.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Mrs. Grae« Herbst
j of 819 Harrison street was examined for
i insanity to-day by Drs. Burchard and
! Selfridge and recommended for cnmmtt
| merit to an asylum. The unfortunate
woman Imagines that she Is a medium
! and has conversations with departed
i spirits, and her demented condition is
I believed to be only temporary, being the
result of worry and ill health. Her " hus
-1 band, Henry Herbst. a carpenter, is in the
i country and has been wired for. Their
I two little children are being cared for by
' friends.
traordlnary. The other parts were in
pood hands.
A complimentary souvenir will he pre
sented to each person present at the
Grand Opera-house to-night. It Is a work
of art ami gives a number of views of
this popular playhouse.
The Chutes.
Major Mite, the L.lllputian comedian, ap
peared as a I/ondon "Bobby" last night
at the Chines Theater, arrested two pick
aninnies nearly twice hi? size for shoot-
Ing craps and pang three new songs.
Frank Hall gave his startling exhibition
with Wallace, Adgie gave a new act in her
cage of lions, and Baby Ruth Roland, the
petite singer and dancer; Cole and Cole,
aerinlists; Mattie Nichols, the clever co
medienne, and others pleased a large au
dience.
Columbia.
Matthews and Bulger's "Sad Sea Wavss"
continues to draw lanje audiences rfnd
much laughter at the Columbia. Every
night seems to be an improvement upon
the preceding one. The last act, filled aa
It is with tuneful melodies and graceful
flrls, Is a comic opera In itself. "By the
ad Sea Waves" will run the rest of the
week.
Olympia.
The bill Rf the Olympla this week Is one
of the beat ever presented at the gCddy
street vaudeville house. Marie Woods'
pinging was well received last night and
the California songstress bids fair to be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blo¥ CuriSenf 7ree
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mai! to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
. Permanent,
A free trial treatment Is belns »er.t out by
; the State Medlca'. Institute In order to demon -
j strate the fact that the most horrible of all
' diseases <?»n be cured. There Is a good deal
j of controversy over thl» subject among those
' who declare the disease incurable, but the fact?
are Indubitable a.r.d must be acknowledged. The
action of tills new remedy 1c peculiar. The
physician In charge of the institute has had a
long and varied experience treating this dis-
ease of the blood, and about two years ago,
after a long series of experiments, he found the
exact specific that offsets the poison, rend»rvi
It lifeless and eliminates It from the body.
Having personally examined many hundreds of
i r.aaes and famlllarizpd himself with every detail
of the disease his discovery came naturally and
has never failed him. One of his recent cures was
a mo«t hopeless case, the disease having caused
the hair to fall out, and the body was one mass
of putrescent gores, bolls, blotches and un-
Flchtly dlsflp-nrcTnents. In a few days the en-
lire outer skin was healed and there was no-
NEWS
of the Bay Citaes
PRETTY SINGER
GETS JUDGMENT
OVER A NOTE
Suit of the Keesings
Finally Decided.
Oakland Office San Francesco Call.
90S Broadway, Nov. 6.
Mr-«. A. B. Keesing, a San Francisco
songstress, who during the trial of the
suit In which she and her husband are
defendants exhibited such versatility in
court that Judge and spectators were
kept in almost constant laughter re
cently, has won a victory over her plain
tiff mother-in-law, Mrs. Hannah Keesing.
The suit, filed several months ago. was
brought by the elder Mrs. Keesing to
have nullified a promissory note for $4000
which she had given to her son, Albert
li. Keesing. in lieu of any inheritance he
might expect from her estate. Young
Mr. Keesing had in the meantime been
married, divorced and remarried his pres
ent wife. It developed at the trial that
he had followed his wife from here to
New York, thence to Europe and back
ngaln, and thereafter he had transferred
the note to his wife, who, the mother-in
law alleged, had later tried to dispose of
the instrument in San Francisco. The
elder Mrs. Keesing' s hopes to frustrate
the latter scheme prompted the suit, and
to-day Judge Ellsworth handed down a
decision giving judgment to defendants,
whereby the Handsome blonde singer at
the Olympia Theater in San Francisco
becomes the indisputable owner of the
$4000 note.
A stay of execution for twenty days was
granted, but the order enjoining the sale
of the note is dissolved.
■ ♦ ■
CO-OPERATORS WILL
CONVENE IN OAKLAND
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— The convention cf
the Pacific Coast Co-operative Union of
America will be held at Y. M. C. A. Hall,
thig city, to-morrow morning. It is ex
pected that there will be at least 100 dele
gates In attendance. There are at pres
ent about twenty-eight co-operative com
mercial enterprises in this State which arc
said to make purchases of goods monthly
ranging from $10)0 to $5000, and one of tho
matters to be considered at the conven
tion is tho maintenance of a wholesale
house In Fan Francisco.
The Rochdale plan of co-operation will
also bo thoroughly discussed, as well as
the federation of all co-operative stores,
exchan^i h and associations; schemes to
Improve the system of marketing will also
be considered: but all political questions
will be prohibited.
Aside from tho regular delegates each
labor union In sympathy with co-opprati^n
and the fruit packers nnd co-operative
canners have been invited.
MISS ANNIE YATES
WEDS EDWARD GRAY
ALAMEnA, Nov. 6.— Miss Annl^ C.
Yates of this city and Edward Gray <>f
San Francisco were married at 7 o'clock
last evening at the residence of the
bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. W. L.
Yates, 2517 Clement avenue. Rev. O. \V
Griffiths of the Free Methodist Church
of San Francisco officiated. Miss NelUe
Savage was bridesmaid and Miss Louise
fates, sister of the bride, was maid of
honor. H. Whipple acted as best man.
The bride wore a beautiful costume of
white silk and presented a charming ap
pearance. A large floral wedding bell had
been hung in the bay window of the par
lor, and beneath this th<- happy couple
stood while the words were spoken that
made them man and wife. AfN-r the us
uul congratulations, a sumptuous wed
ding supper was served in the drawing
room.
— ■ ♦ ■ . —
Alameda News Notes
Al,AMi;i>A. Nov. 6.— Alameda Parlnr
No. 47. N. S. G. \\\. will rive its annual
ball on ThanksKivintr evening.
Grand Second Vice President Hon.
Frank I*. Coomba will pay an ofkial visit
to Halcyon Parlor No. W6, N. S. G. w.,
to-morrow evening. Following the regu
lar order cf business a banquet will be
given in honor of the visiting grtnd of
ficer. The following committee will have
one of the hits of the present week. Julia
l.lnton also pleased the audience and the
rest of tho bill is good.
Don't forget the importance of vot
ing the Republican ticket straight.
Make the victory complete.
Mr. McKinley Will Vote.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— Prepid^nt M
Klnley left Washington at 7:20 o'clock to
nlKlit for Canton. Ohio, whore he will vot
to-morrow. With him were Mr?. Me Kin
ley-, Dr. Rixpy nnd Assistant Secretar
Cortelyou. Tho party occupied the parlo
car Olvmnia.
Deposited Fraudulent Draft.
TUSCON, Ariz., Nov. 6.— W. J. St. Clalr,
who came here representing himself to be
a cattle man and president of a Denver
cattle company, has been arrested at Ben
son, charged with attempting to deposit
fraudulent drafts in the sum of $35 000
: ■ ♦ ■
The hero was beside himself with rage.
"The serpent," he hissed, for it was in
these terms that he was wont to refer to
the villain of the plot, "has won the golf
trophy?"
Genevieve shuddered.
"That's what comes of his having been
scotched, I doubt not!" she faltered, and
would fain have wept.
Ah. it was easy now to see where mis
takes had been made!— Detroit Free
Press.
tlceable Improvement In all other respects. A
brief continuation of the remedy brought about
a radical cure.
The free trial treatment has saved a great
many who otherwise wore doomed to early de-
struction, and It was this object which Induced
the Institute to make the offer. In all oases
where the sores have become characteristic of
the rtlsenso the sufferer fully realizes the name
and nature of his affliction, but a great many
who have Inherited the disease or who have
recently contracted it ahouhl a*k the Institute
for their 44-pajre book describing fully the dis-
ease and alfo explaining the action of their
new remedy, Slfilld*. Send your name and ad-
dress to the State Medical Institute, 12S Elek-
tron Bldg., Fort Wayne. Inc!., and they "win
forward, prepaid, the free trial treatment that
will bring to the sufferer such wonderful reiwf
such an ecptatlc feellnfr of joy for the Improve-
ment shown as to fully compensate for th»>
suffering and despair that previous failure has
caused. Write to-day without fall.
Cs/
charge of the affair: tl. D. Clark, \V. B.
Kollmyer ;;nd B. G. Elliott
— ■ ♦ ■
RUMOR OF STARTING
A NEW KENO JOINT
OAKLAND. Nov. 6.— The police have in
formation that an effort i.-- about to be
made to start a keno Kami I re o/i
Broadway, near Ninth street. The ftt
tinga being put in indicate that such is
the case, anil an attache of the place
admitted as much to-day, stating, how
ever, that the proprietor proposed to
evade the ordinance prohibiting the game
by giving cigars in exchange i"or winning
checks. Chief Hodgkina declares that if
the game Is started under any conditions
arrests will follow.
President Wheeler Returns.
President Benjamin [de Wheeler of the
University of California returned this
evening from Monterey, wher<
with President and Mrs. Oilman of Johns
Hopkins University, he lias been the guost
of Mr?. Phebe Hearst.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*'< m ' tassT I R 1 ita Hk %sP
SICK HEAOAGHi
v Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating, A per-
fect rermdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
[ Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pill. Small Dose.
\ Small Price*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ak«jfi'>--'> KFAKN V ST. Established
HTI fciBBSB in 1854 for the treatment of Private
TM iffti'ssfs Diseases, Lo^t Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on borlyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
(^BBSSfIBBfB CnrrtguaranD-rd, Callorwrite.
B>r. I. F uIBBON. Box 1 957. San Frandfloo
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fea. Steamers leave Broadway
Es?>Ss»«^ wharf, San Francisco:
se&F^*&fc. or Alaskan ports, 10 a.
saSKLSssiK m., Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17 22. 27.
! BK jflK «ffa L)eo - 2, change at Seattle.
* Hn'SRWI For Victoria, Vancouver
fltwHka^sM (I *- C). Port Townsend. Se-
J^^"^M HI ettle. Tacoma. Rverett, An-
t WilM{| acortes and New Whatcom
~ (Wash.), 10 a. m.. Nov. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27; Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Uy. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>, 2 p. m., Nov.
6. 10, 15. 20, 25, SO; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
ravueos. Port Harford (San Luis ObJspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Anpeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 4, 8, 12. 15. 20. 21, 23;
Deo. 2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Sin Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblcpo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los \neelps and Redondo (Tx>« Anpeles), 11 a.
m Nov. 2. 6, 10, 14. IS 22. 26, 30; Dec. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Er.-.enoda. Masdalena Pay, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. I.a Pa* Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mcx), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company's
The' company reserves the rfKht to change
without previous notice; steamers. Balling dates
nn.i r"Mir« nt pnlHne.
TJCKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PRRKIKS & CO.. Gen. A(fts.
10 Market i=t.. San Prandseo.
THE 9. R. & 0. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Bpear-street Wharf at 10 a: m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bertß
IAIIL $8 Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9, ,'?• 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. 14. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
* EC. WARD. General A pent.
630 Market st.
GOODALI,, PERKINS & gg^^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARR
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Nov. B|St Louis Pec. 13
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Deo. 6. New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. ?| Kensington ....Nov. 29
Southwark Nov. 15 : Noordland Dec. 6
Westernland ...Nov. 22iFiiesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG-, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balling.
NIPPON-MART" Saturday. Nov. 2"
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MA RTJ Tuesday, Jan. 16
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freisrht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAONIK QEH^RALE TRANBATLANTIQUE
DIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j.^ s^« >
Falling every Thursday instead of <_- j*" r^\
Eaturday. from November 2, 1899. at J -^*^
JO a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot at
Morton it. LA OASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAONK. Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE. Not.
l! LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. <>: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. »>: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per
t>*nt reduction on round trio. Second-class to
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
rifle Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. Baa
Francisco.
SElflSffififfMl The s s ' Australia
Tjß ISI i Sl l r *at!s for Honolulu
\9WnmMWm Wednesday, Nov. 15.
S,/|A S. S. Alameda sails
■SlP^ni^nin-) vi * Honolulu an,l
G)lCdllljillU^ Auckland for Sydney
fnfflFfflßlL- Wednesday, Nov. 25.
at b p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
i 0 SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. ?!4Montqomerj
Pier 7. Poot Pacific St. Freight Oifi--". 37"> Market St.
BAY AND RIVER ST£AMEHS.
"IORTsTiiAYMAiHND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tue».. V, r ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
> m. 8:16, 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). '>!-
Cmju. I r- m and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., I
p m Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 1 Telephone Main 150*.
FARC ......................... .t«.«.......i i at*
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Son Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third struts, open
until v o'clock every r.i ht In the >' ar ;
BRANCH OFFICES-c.27 Montgomery *«tre«U
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Fnvfß street; open until 9:30 p. m
-63ft M.-A!l!Etcr street; open until 9:30 p^m.
615 Lnrkln street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 V- m.
22rl Market street, corner Sixteenth; «pen
nntli 9 r- m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1056 Valencia treet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and K«n
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
SLEETING KOTICma.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. B. R. TA. M... JL
will Nov. THIS 7:30 o'clock: stated Jl^
ENG Nov. 7, at 7:20 o'clock; stated T^T
meeting. By order of the H. P. /
FRANKLIN 11.. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES-^*\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /W\
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec /▼ v
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy st.— Stated meeting THlS^«m^.
EVENING, at 7:£o o'clock. 7%^
GEORGE PBNUNGTON. Sec /W
"ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
Stated ■ meeting THIS (TUBS- ~8%-<
DAY) EVENING, at ? o'olock. /%J\_
A., S. ItUKBARD. See. /▼>
OFFICERS and members of Franco- •^Sj^UTf,
American Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. §&*£&&£.
I., are cordially invited to attend
the funeral of our late brother, ///«v-
ARM AND DECOURTIBUIt, TUKSDAY, No-
vember 7, at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Hall, cor-
ner of Post and Montgomery sts. By order of
the N. G. SAMUEL BRUN.
ANNUAL meeting— annual meeting of
th« stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market St., San Francisco. Cal., |
on MONDAY, the 20th day of November,
1S!>?. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, aval the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer b<>oks will cloee ■
on Tuesday, ember 14. 180?. at 3 o'clock
p. m. B. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meetir.j— Regular annual meeting of |
the EtocktolJers of tho Honolulu Plantation j
Company will be held at the oCflce of the |
canipanv. No. 327 Market St., ?an Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the SOU) day of Novem- |
ber. 1898, at the hour of 11 a. m., for the :
purpose of electing a b ani of directors to I
serve for the ensuing year, and the fransao- j
tion of such other business aa may c 'me
before the meeting. Transfer books will cloae
in Tuesday, November 14, 1859. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
era of the California Wine Makers' Corpora- ;
tion •vji; b» held in tho Assembly Hall of the
Mills building, San Francisco, at 11 a. m.. <
WEDNESDAY, November 16, 1899, California j
Wine Makers' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCECKTS9. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCfDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the office
or the oompany, :.~. Market st.. in the City
nnd County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember, ISJ9. at 11 o'clock a. xn., for the pur-
pose of con3lJ?rlnc a proposition to disin-
corporate the comyany.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron- i
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write |
ADVICE fr«»: divorce law a specialty; private; ;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, attr at law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
NOAH F. FLOOD, 3:!5 Market St.. opp. Mason; j
consultation free; moderate fees. !
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreokels building. 927 ;
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance. ■
AI'VIOE free; no charge unless successful. W. ;
W. DAVIDSON. 9:7 Market at., opp. Mason, i
BICYCLE RI PAIRS i
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, MariTeT^nT^enthT i
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. j,
HOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123 — United States Hotel; rooms $158
we«k up. with board $5 30: suit for two with |
board, $1!; board, $4 week; meals, 26c; ele- ,
vator runs all night. I
A NEW family iiotf-i. $07 California St.. occu- I
pying ccrnf-r opposite Grace Church.
"BELORAVIA," Polk ar.J Clay— suites; j
bf»t board; for 2. J45 up; single, PP. I
O'FARRELL; 741 Larjr^ sunny front rooms; j
good honi° cocking: tla singli* rooms. ?20 up. !
■ j
BOARDTMi KOlt CHILDREN.
■■ ■' ■-. ~- -
WANTED— A child to care for by a respon- i
sible party: charges :»asouabl9. 777 Market
Bt., room :i.
REFINED. ejtper>nrpil nurpe has a comfort-
abl» home for children. f3IA Castro st.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOK': bought and oxchangej.
Hn'.r ■ T?"ol: Co. TO4 Mission «t. . n<^ar Third.
BOOTS AN Midi >.
CHILDREN'S shc»s, 50c; boys' coin lace shoes, !
Ssc; ladles' shoes, Jl up; men's dres» shoes,
Jl -di'tfend fur price list. People's Shoe Store,
1303 Stockton st.. near : (roadway
» — —
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^JW^-BOARDI NG-llOUSE'wlthir finely "furl
nlshfd rooms; r<r.u $35; ".. st ■lu.-s paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
It. G. WILKE. &06 Market st.
A— s3so; SALOON close to Wells-Fargo bldg. ; !
doing a good paying business; low rent; value
for your money. C&U R. G. WILKE, i)O6
Marl st.
' A— sst. r .O; MILLINERY store roes the bay; fine
stock and good trnde. with ;«a«e; rent $10; 2,
living rooms; sirkne?s cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. SO6 .Mark.-t st.
A-11000— SALOON in wholesale district; establ.
years and uoint; a good paying business; no i
nicht or Sunday work; rent $60. Call K. G. |
WILKE. 806 Market St. J
$500— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner cause
of tale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. BOS Market. I
.
PAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $40; a long l*a:-*; only flrst-cla«« cue-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate tt
ence. .R. (J. II.Ki:. 906 Market «t.
$1100— SALOON: estab. 30 yrs.; Grant aye., nr.
butter; splendidly paying: large place to open
dancehall. Ca!l R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market. j
YOUNG man wants partnership in some >gitl- j
■ mate, paying business. ALFA CO., 935 Market. j
PARTNER wanted to buy and run first-class '
ivstaurant. ALFA CO., 935 Market St.
$4300— HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease; SO !
furnished rooms, bar and bowling alley; in
heart of adjacent city, ALFA CO., 935 Mrkt.
A GOOD paying restaurant in best location]
must aell; bargain. ALFA CO., 935 Market St.
INTEREST in good saloon wanted or partner
to start saloon. ALFA CO.. 935 Market St.
PAYING fruit, nut and grape ranch to ex-
change for business. ALFA CO., 536 Market.
PARTNER; II ■:.•, gent-jel business; easily
learned; small capital. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
$1800— FURNITURE, carpet, stove; central; best
part city; nothing bttter: value In stock- im-
menae trade; trial. M. LESS, 760 Market bt.
A— SI2S—SALOON, one block from Market at.;
12 rooms; rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth »3CO. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
PART] E R wanted In commission busi-
ness estab. many years; good business- must
be sober, steady man. M. LESS, 7CJ Market,
TO let— Hotel 60 rooms; saloon, billiard and
dining-room; near boat landing and depot ■
town of 2fOO; JICK:O will start you. KREDO &
CO., 22' i Geary st. '
A— SI7SO— DRAYING. exp. and transfer bus.; no
competition; best town on coast; clears $200
monthly. KP.EI & CO.. 22^ Geary et.
$450 CASH will start you In business secured by
mortgage; wages and profits, $100 monthly.
KRBPO & CO.. 22^i Geary st.
$ICO— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business
Mclaughlin & co., 777- Market Et.
$Too— RESTAURANT; good paying business
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business.
• Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
WANTED— man with $3000; gilt-edge se-
curity. COWING & CO., Si ' 5 Market st.
BAKERY notions, candy; bargain this day;
$200 .COWING & CO.. 935 Market st. ■
A— S3OO— BUTCHER shop; corner; good loca-
tion; trade $20 to P^HmS 1 * ™"
and completet. CITY BLSINEfaS EX-
HANGE, 1032 Market st.
BUSINESS opportunity wanted; either whole or
half ' si- are rafg. or shoe business preferred;
«fjgg|jggsgjg .aware
•aa*a i jssunsr4s, •»
' Twenty-fourth st .; .S-'
BUSINESS CHAKCBS-Contlnned.
$4500— LOT 100x200; corner San Leandro road !
and Rose St., near Frultvale; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
etore and saloon; elegant grounds: stable and
warehouse; 9 rustlo outhouses, finest road-
side resort In Alame<!a County; gelling on (
account of sickness; $L'soo down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C. i
CLUNDT. San Leandro road, also Call ;
Branch. Oakland: San Leandro electric car j
passes door.
RESTAURANT: good place for man and wife;
bargain. 415 Stockton ft., near Bush.
OIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. COl California st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant In center of the town
for sale: cheap. Box 2904, Call office.
BARBERS— Good paying 2-chalr shop for sale.
D69A Howard at. j
{SMALL restaurant and bakery; established 16 !
years; for sale on account of sickness, 1147 j
Howard st.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; receipts $20
to $30 per day; sickness cause for selling. I
Box 2J42, Call office. |
PARTY with small capital to Join advertiser
in the manufacture of a new scientific nlokel-
ln-slot machine; half; Investigate. Box 955,
Call offloe.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store. established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented I
separate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON- I
NIER. 11S8 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
111-health; doing good business. ICG Fourth st. j
GROCERY and bar; corner; well stocked and I
well situated; good chance. 8840 Folsom st.
'OLD established coal yard; fair stock of ooal,
wood and hay on band. 1344 Valencia st.
A CHANCE of a lifetime: a partner with $500 \
In a restaurant. Box 928, Call office. I
■FOURTH. *»— A 80-room house well furnished; .
good paying house; good location.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. 1601 Devisa-
dero st. j
GRAND opening for party with small capital to '
manage business with large profits and Quick
returns; pleas* investigate. Boa 958, Call.
WANTED— with $20,000 for well-estab-
i llshed wholesale liquor business. Box 943,
! Call office. j
RELIABLE German girl wishes position at <
second work or housework; small family; no i
children. Apply 127 Turk st,
; FIRST-CLASS French liquor store: established j
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc 1401
Powell st. :
1 PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 247, Call office,
'COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
: W. CASWELL & CD'S. 412 Sacramento st.
] A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINK top buggy, almost new: business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 528 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & BON. 2117 Mission St.
-300 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Plonoer Carpet-
beating Works, £53-357 Tehama St.; tel. 3. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H. ■
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Eth St.; tel. South 2EO.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Can Cleaning Co..
403 Stevenson St.; teL South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at So per yard; laid at So.
STR ATTON' S,, 3 Eighth it.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th I
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 353 Golden
Gate iv : tel. East 126. ]
~ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
_^^.^ ,^.^^^ L^ r .- )
' UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and j
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sura \
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, :
Agent. Office and factor}'. 21 Spear st. '
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SI IKITUALISM. i
>■ -..' -• — *~~ ; j
.MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair- j
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of i
lit?. While entranced she will reveal every j
hidden mystery; she will show you how to I
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- i
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future, i
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction |
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular i
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
285 Turk st. Home Sundays and evening*.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
Fittings, $1; diagnosis free; "new method'
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MEDIUMS' Protective Association— 6eml-an-
nual meeting and election of director*, Sun-
day, Nov. if. 11 a. m., at 143 Sixth st., city,
rooms 1 and 2.
C V. MILLER'S seance to-night, S o'clock, 25c;
to-morrow, 8 o'clock, benefit stance for Sister
Julia; ladies Eo>\ gents $1. 409 Leavenworth. i
MME. MELBOURNE: gifted clairvoyant; never
fails: satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L.. 25c: G.. 50c. ei2Mi Eddy.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes st . room 7, second floor. ,
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 60S McAllister st.; 10c: come, skeptics; ,
developing circle to-morrow eve., 25c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 78 Fourth St., near Mission.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham' a circle of truth, 2, 8 p.
m.. 14 McAllister st., room 35; admission 10c. '.
MRS. HARLAND'B test circle to-night: articles
read, 10c; prophetic readings, $1. 34 Sixth st.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed; '
25c; correct answers to all questions. 6 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; readings;
tests dally, 10c; clr.. Men., Ftl., 26c, 2, 8 p. m.
CONSULT the best clairvoyant; fee 25c 849*4
Minna St., near Fifth.
MRS. BURSH. 245 Fourth St., Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonble.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus- !
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
; palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212U, Sixth fit.
MME. RAVENNA reads iifo fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. Me. $l;test circle
Tuea. Thurs.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1085 Market.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA MedlcaT^oU^eT^mt^Folsoml
free medical and surpr. treatment; 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no^charge
less successful. Room 810. 527 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 room*, with or wlthouT~«rablT
624 Ivy aye.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $S. 102U4
Lombard St., near Hyde.
EDDY, 195 L near Broderlck— Sunny modern
OOttaj 6 rooms and bath; garden; rent low.
REAR cottage; 2 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Cas-
tro st.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath; basement
and barn; suitable for any business. 819 Capp.
3 SUNNY rooms and basement; rent $11. 3<SOS
Twenty-sixth at., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
5-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkin place, off Lar-
kin tt.. .bet. Ellla and O'Farrell.
DEXTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGIN8 1 dental parlors,
Market St., over Cafe ZRnkand— Teeth extract- i
ed without pain by the use or electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c-
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A SEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Hynol, on application to the gums, remove*
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
. years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a Plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without pates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flee hourS[9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays Vto 1
I p. m. G. XT. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager:
THE SA:N" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, ?0 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; cuarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 897 Market Bt. -
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. [
MEYER— Deutscher Bahnarzt. « Turk; let-class
work; prices reaa.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 860 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 135 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
yean?. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
£ " F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 385 Van Ness.
PARISIAN . dressmaking, m Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect nt.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor *■ Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR7~anTTIRS~w7Tpr~AYREa have returned
from their vaoa.tion and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., 8. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MIS 3 M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lessons personally and by
mail. 802 Montgomery st.
MATHEMATICS, languages, etc.; prepares for
civil service and colleges; thorough; practical;
reasonable; credentials. Box 4711, Call office.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
meet}., survey, assay, arch..: day and even.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, eto. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages, 820 Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools. 827 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'B mandolin club resumes Nov.
i; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 805 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JATANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1986.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. SO Geary St.; tel. Orant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 425.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush st.: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by call-
ing on, addressing or telephoning MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter Et.; telephone Grant 120.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation in
a Jewish family; 8 years' references last
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a j
situation as housekeeper; city or country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLrNAN, 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa- j
tion; also a first-class Swedish cook; best
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN, <
S2S Sutter st. ; phone Main 651. i
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or will assist In housework. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. j
YOUNG German woman; good cook and house- '
worker: city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter St. !
SWEDISH ffcond girl; good waitress and seam- i
stress ; years' reference*. MRS. NORTON, ,
818 Sutter Bt. j
RESPECTABLE young woman wants position;
second work, waiting and sewing; ref; wages
$20; Box 2981. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants position; care of lodg- j
ing house, working housekeeper or car« of in-
valid; best reference. Box 2563. Call.
WOMAN wonts to do hous«cleanlng by the day.
Please call at 910 Pine st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation in a private \
family for general housework; no children, j
142 Clipper St., bet. 26th and 26th, nr. Sanchez.
YOUNG lady with some experience wishes a
position as cUrk; speaks German. Address
box 2S£3. Call.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work and American cooking. Address 930
Montgomery st.
GERMAN Kir! wishes situation to do house-
work. Address 233 Fourth St.. between How-
ard and Folaom. ■
COMPETENT woman. Is good oook, wishes
situation In private family to do housework.
66 Col ton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
COMPETENT girl wants situation as cook and
downstairs work. Call 1852- Howard st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, would do
housework; city or country; kind to children.
141 Hyde St., near Turk.
WANTED— By experienced nurse, care of In-
fant; city or country; best of reference. 1523
Powell st., near Green. I
COMPETENT woman wishes position as first- >
class cook; German or American: wages %2i
to $30. Call Montgomery Hotel, 227 Second st. j
BY young lady, some years' experience, a posi-
tion as music teacher and governess In a fam-
ily. Box 945. Call.
WANTED— by a good plain oook; good
laundress. Box 967 Call oflloe.
WOMAN in need of a good home and small
wages. Call or address 470% Seventh *t.. Oak- |
laiid. room 29. |
ItI?FINED young lady wishes position a* I
housekeeper in small family; widower pre-
ferred. Aadre*B HOUSEKEEPER, 731 San
Pablo live.. Oakland.
COMPETENT man and wife want charge or
care of Drivate place, for elderly couDle or
small family; city or country; .references.
Address F. C, Mission Call Branch Office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 260 to $1 50 night $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-n«oond and Ken-
tucky sts. Open .till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 C Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — Position as harneasmaker; had 2
years' experience as maker and salesman.
Address box 2h63, Call office. ■ ■■
EXPERIENCED young man desires employ-
ment evenings, either In store or taking- care
of books; am also competent stenographer and
typewriter. Box 2567, Call. .
TO fruitgrowers sober single man, with
good references, large experience*, good
pruner and steady worker, who knows every
disease of trees and the remedy for It, would
like a steady responplble position at reason-
able compensation. Kindly address K. O. 0..
221. Second st. V
INDUSTRIOUS, . sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter in wholesale house
or store; understands the care of horses and
Is handy with tools. Box 2870, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED roan wants position as drum-
mer or collector: is very well acquainted In
city and can give good references. Address
box 2960. Call.
GOOD bartender desires permanent position;
references. Box 2906, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS butler wishes situation; best
city and country reference*. Address box
2532, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish ma-
chine; best of references. Address box 2880,
Call office. .
UPHOLSTERER, all-around man, desires work
In furniture etore; small wages if steady. Box
2864, Call office. --
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants steady
Job. Box 2909. Call office. "
ACCOUNTANT, regularly employed, wants ex-
tra work; corporation work a specialty. Box
141. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by young man and wife,
no childrsn, as Janitor, porter; handy with
most any kind of work; woman good wait-
ress; like to get similar In or out of city;
good responsible people; not afraid to work.
Box 2857, Call office^
AN Al ■ bookkeeper wants permanent position;
quick, accurate and competent to take full
charge of office; first-class city references;
Adfire-s ACCOUNTANT Cosmopolitan Hotel,
cor. Fifth and Mission sts.
A— A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call office.
WANTED— Position as head gardener by a
Scotchman, 28 years; first-class experience;
11 years In the States; reference first-class.
Address bnx 2818, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
Email ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
Ing poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 3977. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a practical engineer
and machinist of 16 years' experience; good
reference. Address box 9CI, Call.
WANTED— Situation by man and wife with a
child, to work on ranch or any other suitable
position; pood references. Box 944, Call.
EXCELLENT bookkeeper wants to keep books
for several business or professional people.
Address E.. bnx 938. Call office.
CARPENTER (plain) would like to work with
experienced man as Improver; small wages;
Box 9?,2. Call.
RETURNED soldier wishes position as watch-
man, teamster or porter; not afraid of work;
good reference. Address 995 Marlcet, rm. 18.
HOUSE cleaning and washing windows: all
kinds of domestic work by day, week or
month. 623 Jessie at.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday nnd Sunday. Box 28f>3, Call.
JAPANESE, young honest boy, wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. 6HIGEDOMI,
box 982, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. nr
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia St.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H EDPON. 1209 Broadway. Oakinnrt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 H Market St.. Pan Francisco; pxam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAT-WINDOW flat of S rooms. 28 Rltch St..
near Folsom and Third.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Bt.
FLATS— Just completed: modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1931 O'Farrell sL
FOUR rooms and bath; marine view; $18. 24
Reed st. : key at 1325 Washington st.
HARRISON, 1170— Sunny upper flat i room;
rent $10.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; r<?asonab!e to good tenant.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717—2 sunny modern houses of
I rooms and bath, each; newly papered.
NB. COR. Nineteenth and Noe ats.— Lovely
sunny upper modern 5-room flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
PINTS, 1336, near O'Farrell— Sunny upper flat 5
rooms; bath; rent $12.
RENT $16; house of 8 rooms, yard and view.
1021 Lombard st.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia st., near Hyde.
UPPER fiat, 6 rooms, modern Improvements.
517H Gmve st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Modern five or six room furnished
flat; bath and gas ranpe. }lnx 2i>4B, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c pi'r yard; 30x60 Inch ruga,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., l."10-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evening.
635 PAGE st.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
i rans'e. Klnir Furniture Co.. 11?7-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALr r RiED~WOLLPE RT~773~M lF^ion~Bt!T^aya
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED — $SOOO carnets. furniture, etc. ; htghept
price paid; postal. M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market.
FVBRI !.;;•>. FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROliT. WALLACE. 116 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED — AIiENTS
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agents. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the ta<rt to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary' and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. L. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building, Pan Francisco, Cal.,
a*rent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia, Pa.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46xG4 Inches in six
colors, showing all tho movements -of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St., San Francisco.
AGKNTS wanted— Coke Dandruff Cure and
other Eastern (•peciaitles. P. C M. A.. 76
Flood Wdg., after 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— HOUSEWORK, San Jose. $26; Cloverdale,
$20; Oakland, $25: Alameda, $2f>; cook and bpc-
ond girl, Sausalito, }2i and $20; Menlo Park,
$25; Stockton, $25: Berkeley, $20; middle-aged
woman, Ross Valley, $15. fare paid; 10 wait- I
resses city and country. $20 and $15 each; 4 |
second girls, $20 each; « young girls, light sec-
ond work $16 and $12; a lunch waitress. $3 60
per week; second work San Mateo. $25; cook
for a mining town. $35; 1 boarding-house
cooks, $25 and $30; 20 girls, housework. $25 and
$20, olty and country. MISS CULLEN. 825
Sutter Bt.
BOARDING-HOUSH cook. $80. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 823 Sutter s^
WANTED— GIrIa for houeework, $25; San
Rafael, housework, I in family, $25; Menlo
Park see lady at 11 a. m. ; housework, 4 In
family. $25, Alameda County; 4 cooks, Ger-
man atyle, $30 and $35; 4 nurses. $20. $15; i
German nurses, $26: 3 second girls, $25; 2
chambermaids and seamstress. $25; waitress,
hotel, $20, city; 2 chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20, country; rest, waitress. $5 wk; 50
glrla for housework. $20. $26. J. F. CROSBTT
& CO., 316 Sutter at.
WAITRESSES for hotela at Fresno, GaJt,
Woodland, Colusa, Bakersfleld Auburn, Pa-
clflo Grove, Walnut Creek, and t same first-
class hotel Corlnne. $20 and fare here; 20 res-
taurant waitresses, city, $7, $8 and $5; hotel
cook, S3O: 17 Swedish and German girls for
general housework, city and country. $25; 3
cooks $30- 50 girls, housework, second work,
nursery work. $16 and $20. C. B, HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary et.
COOK. Institution, $30; waitress. $26: nurnegtrl.
$20; German nurse, $26; second girl, $20; 19
houseglrU $25 and $20; B cooks. $25 and $30)
colored houneglrl $20, small family. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Butter at.
GIRL for housework, light washing; small
family; wages $12. Call at 5028V4 Buchanan
St., near Filbert.
COMPETENT German cook: wagea $25; no
window cleaning. Northeast corner Mason
and Sacramento sts.
WANTED— A girl for general housework In
family of 2; no washing; wages $15. Apply
from 10 until 2 at 2216 California at.
GOOD aewers wanted on evening dresses and
wrappers. Apply room 58, St. Ann's building.
EXPERIENCED operators on waists and
shirts; good work. NEWBAUER BROS., 18
First »t.
SMALL girl to assist with baby. 2777 Twenty-
, fourth st.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady for
trimmed millinery; must have city references.
Millinery Department, the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
WANTED — An improver on sklrte at 1281
O'Farrell st
YOUNG German girl; general housework; $16.
836H Harrison st.
GIRL for general housework and experienced
cooking; references required. Apply between
9 and 11. 1484 Post st.
EXPERIENCED trimmer. Call 8 to 9 this
morning, 1907 Fillmore st. •
COOK to assist in housework; S In family. Call
2827 Pine st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
863 Hayes st.
A YOUNG girl for light second work and wait-
Ing. 1322 Broadway.
LADY solicitors wanted; references required.
Address box 2868. Call offloe.
HELP AVAXTED- FEMALE.
WANTED— Five good hands for alterations on
cloaks and suits at E. MESS ACER'S Cloak
Store. 146 Post st.
WILLING girl for general housework; steady
home; $10; country. Box 2365. Call office.
WANTED— Woman to wash napkins and help
on dishes during lunch hour. 307 California.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 724%
Market st., room 27.
FIRST-CLASS talloreßs wanted. 408 Sutter St.,
SCHIMMEL & STOVER.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on gents' coats.
801 Turk Et.
WANTED— girl for general housework. 2912
Clay st.
GIRL; general housework; references; $18. 1431
Taylor st.
GIRL for housework In family with children;
plain washing and cooking. 1920 Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $7; good
home. Call at 17A Columbia square.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and light house-
work; wages $20. 952 Pine st.
NEAT girl to do plain cooking In bakery.
Apply 427 Larkln st.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker wanted at
once. 135 Natoma st. .< : \
GIRL for general housework; $10, 3631 Seven-
teenth st.
NEAT girl for light housework; small family;
good home. 610V4 Polk st.
GIRL to mind children; must assist with
housework; $12 first month, Increase after.
816 Pag* st.
A LADY- wanted to assist In light housework:
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor st., after 12 p. m., for this week.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 927 Market st.,
room 411.
A PROTESTANT girl to assist with house-
work. 1723 Post st.
WANTED — German girl for housework and
cooking. 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness are.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats; also
presser. 126 Russ st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Goush and Grove Bts.
WANTED— A refined German girl for grown
children and sewing: city references required.
Call between 9 and 12 at 820 Poet st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 2018
Baker Bt.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking; paid. 406
Sutter St.. room 39.
WANTED^-Flrst-class waist and skirt hands.
MRS. L. BROWN, 26H Kearny St.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
WOMEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
S6H Fremont St.; take elevator.
HELP \\ AN Ti:O— MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN M4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7 a. m
£5 laborers for a mine (no experience) $60
26 four-horse teamsters, fare $160 $60 ;
24 two-horse teamsters, fare 50c $60
6 men to grub land, fare 10c $26 and found
23 farm hands $30, $26, $20 and found
16 choremen and boys. $20, $15, $10 and found
6 stablemen .$55, $30, $25 and found
3 farm hands and wives $40 and found
MECHANICAL HELP
3 blacksmiths $2 SO day
Engineer, factory, country. $32 60 and found
7 carpenters, 9 months' Job. country.... s3 day
Wheelwright, $35 and found Tinners
Iron-molders Slate splitters Cabinet-
makers.. .Blockmakers. MURRAY & READY,
631-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES SAWMILLS
225 men as laborers $26 to $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SINGLE working foreman, ranch.. sso and found
Laborers, city foundries $150 day
Milk wagon drivers, city Jobs
20 laborers for quarries, fare $160 $60
12 laborers, fare $1 50 $2-25 day
365 Jobs not advertised
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
1 FOREMEN, grading gangs $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL LAUNDRY BAKERY DEPT
16 cooks $50, $40, $35. $20 and found
12 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
14 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
4 lroners, washers, markers.. s3o, $25 and found
8 second bakers' helpers.. $25, $15 and found
Porters and boys to learn trades, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63b Clay St.
WE SHIP YOU FREE DRILLERS
655 railroad teamsters, laborers, $2 50, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
HEAD cook, country hotel, $75; German cook,
hotel, $45; baker and pastry cook, $50; helper,
$20. for a hotel North; hot cake baker for a
restaurant, $40: baker, country hotel, $30;
waiter, country hotel. $25, see party here; 2
dishwashers, $25; potwasher, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
12 STONEMASONS for the Coast R. R., $3 50 a
day, free fare: 20 teamsters and laborers for
the Mountain R. R.. $26 and board; 6 farmers,
near city, $26 and board; 2 eight-horse ranch
teamsters, $26 and board; ranch blacksmith,
$35 and board; man about place. $25; chore-
man, private place. $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Timber-man for mine. $2 75 day; 3
miners, $2 50 day; 6 miners, $2 25 day; 10 la-
borers for mines, $2 day; laborers Tor quarry,
$2 day: 10 railroad laborers and teamsters, $1
day and board, part fare advanced; farmers
for San Mateo, Santa Clara and Glenn Cos.;
gardener and wife, $45; young man to drive
baker wagon. $25 and found, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., «2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— and cake baker, $10 week and
found: cook, miners' boarding-house, $40; bell-
boy, $13 and found; restaurant cooks, $30 and
$40 • oyster openers, 15 Back: cook for Nevada,
$50; waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon In city; sin-
gle man with references: salary $35 per month
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
MR. SAM LARSEN, you are wanted at 420
Folsom st.
WANTED— A first-class grocery salesman of
good experience who thoroughly understands
the business: state acre, references and salary
expected. Address box 2903, Call office.
WANTED— First-class domestic salesman with
good experience; good position for the right
■ party; state age, references and salary ex-
pected. Address box 2902, Call office.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 161.
WANTED— aged about 14 In law office;
must be neat, Industrious, active and live
with parents; wages $3 per week. Address In
own handwriting Lawyer, box 2866, Call office.
WANTED — Reliable man to deliver goods and
assist generally in light outdoor work; will
pay $60 per month: small capital required.
Apply 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED — wholesale grocer, bright, strong
young man as porter, to work his way up:
references; must live with parents. Address
box 2901, Call office.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Colt's armory and
cutting press. 16 Fremont St.
TWO young men that understand painting and
whitening. Call at 319 Third hL, 7 a, m.
WANTED— at ROOS BROS., 25 to 37
Kearay st.
BOY wanted to learn trade. FINK & SCHIND-
LER, 1309 Market st.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 623 Fourth st.
BOY for grocery store; no evening or Sunday
• work. Apply SE. corner Sacramento and
Leavenworth St.
WANTED— First-class bootblack; wages $8.
1205 Market st.
BARKEEPER, sober man, wanted. 2726 Green-
wich St., near Baker.
VINEYARD and orchard hand; experienced;
steady place. Allna Colony, 220 California st.
BOY wanted. Apply 52 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS painters wanted at 463 Geary st.
WANTED— bootblack. Call at 226 Powell st.
CLERK wanted. Dewey House, 32 East St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st.
HOUSE painters. Cull 7 o'clock. 1809 Powell
street.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st. ' .
PLUMBER. Apply at EE. corner Fourteenth
and Noe sts.
WAITER wanted. .18 Eddy st.
A GOOD cook wanted. 1830 Halght st near
Golden Gate Park.
STEADY Job for good, strong boy to work In
Mercantile Towel Laundry Co.. 251 Jessie st.
BARBERS— paying ISo shop; Investigate.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 10* Ellis »t.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 222 Gough st.
YOUNG barber wanted; steady. 218 Sixth st
WANTED— Young man to work in coal yard;
reference required. 436 Tenth st.
WANTED— Young man for porter work in
saloon. Apply between 9-10. 104 Third it.
iHOEMAKER wanted; steady work. 4102
Nineteenth Bt
WANTED— A waiter. 607 Clay st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 8 Hayes st.
WANTED— Four men for office work; steady
employment; good pay. 916 Market st, r. 81.
WANTED— Butcher; good cutter; for chope.
1424 Howard st.
WAITER wanted: call early. 631 Clay st.
WA NTED—A printer for few days; straight
matter. 1224 Howard st.
WANTED— Young man to work In baker shop;
one with experience preferred. 142 Eleventh.
UPHOLSTERER; first-class wages. 28 Tele-
graph aye., Oakland.
WANT a No. 1 electro plater for sliver mining
plates; answer at once. Address W. H. 0.,
box 2905, Call office^
WANTED— A good tailor to work on military
work. 916 Market st, room 52.
DISHWASHKR at 3034 Sixteenth st
BARBER shop at a sacrifice; must sell ac-
count sickness. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
YOUNG man to wash dishes ar.d make himself
useful; wagA $15; must be sober and reliable;
steady Job. Address box 2959. Call office.
RAILROAD foreman wanted; first-class man
who understands trap and car work. Ad-
dress 1209 Claus Spreckels building.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers; to work inside by
the piece; steady work; good pay. 718 Market.
WANTED — At Jamestown. Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drillmen;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to Oakdale for $1 50; good
board and good camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
HUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
BARKEEPER, one who can play piano; $40
and found. Box 946. Call office^
GOOD solicitor for installment-payment tailor
business; make $100 monthly; wages or per-
centage; good to start. Box 2891, Call office.
STRONG boys, about 16 years of age, with good
references, wanted at A. CAILLEAU'S, 114-
-116 Kearny st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C 62 Mission Bt. bet Ist and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 126 Ninth st. ; call
early. ________
WANTED— A common workingman; indoor
work; married; German or French speaking;
no board; wagpf $s t • $10 a week. Apply after
9 o'clock a. m., 15 City Hall square, opp. Sth.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue;
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has been e*?taWished at tht
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky pts. Open till * p. m.
BARBERS— ?-cha:r hotel barber shop for sale
in the center of this city; reason death of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHEU-
NERT, 927 Market St.
MEN who worked last year on press election
returns apply this (Thursday) afternoon at 1
o'clock, room. 9, Registrar's office. New City
Hall.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; ir.o large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— VO men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
Bt. near Polk.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks; expert Instructions ; Saturday
wages; call or write fi.r catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. PHEPARD _ CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
I week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Pteuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 13c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 23c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. r.»ar Mar-
ket: TOO rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday,
II o'clock, at Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arep.de Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction pales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1R?1
and 1G25 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine mati'hrd black teams.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
BARGAIN: must be sold; Philadelphia House,
421 Bush Ft.; 48 rooms; 40 fur.; gas and water.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see BA-
SILE, S Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
TO let— Furnished lodging house; 35 rooms, all
full. Box 2963, Call office.
NEATLY furnished house of 9 rooms: Pine st,
near Powell; cheap. Address box 3000, Call.
7-ROOM house: well furnished: sunny; central;
modern conveniences. Box 294, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, all occupied,
for sale at 8 Washington st.
HOWARD, 704. cpr. Third— Nice corner house;
3S rooms; all rooms full: cheap.
FOR sale cheap — Lodging house; 2! rooms; rent
550 K'2l V.iiem-I.q st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list : houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1412 G. (iate: 8 R.$SO 00 1 1206H Turk; 6 R..521 00 1
534 Hatght; 6 R.. 27 60 1710 Buchanan; 4 R 17 50
676 Folsom; 7 R.. 21 00i 1613H Geary; 6 R. 14 00
1255 Sanchez; 5 R. 12 601194 Madison A. ; 4r. 10 00
86 Grand ay. ; 6 R. 18 50 1424 V. Howards R 15 00
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN, & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE to let— B rooms, bath, large yard. 394
Eureka St.. nr. Twenty-first; rent $15 a month.
TO let, $10 — Four-room house In rear of shoe
store, 147 Fourth st. ; suitable for tailor's
workshop; dry, good order, water free.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 2 sunny rooms, furnished or un-
f\irniFhed: rh«-ap to right party. 2087 Ellis St.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Brindle greyhound dog October 27: white
markings on chest, toes and tail. Return to
81 Fourth Et. ; reward.
LOST— Spotted coach dog. Finder will return
to 48 Eighth st. and receive reward.
MEDIUM-SIZED black purse; lost between
Call and Chronicle buildings. Return to 630
Post st. and receive reward.
LOST— Cocker spaniel dog; black with white
spot on breaet. Return to F. KNOBLOCK,
lCf.6 Kentucky St.. and receive reward.
SUNDAY evening, near Pine and Leavenworth
ste.. a mink boa. Reward at 13 Liberty st.
LOST or stolen— Eskimo dog; reward for where-
abouts. J. G. GALLAGHER, IPS San Jose.
LOST— A black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
eye almost entirely black. Return to 928
llaight st. an'l receive reward.
FOUND— Large mastiff dog: prove property and
p:iy expanses. 133 Twenty-eighth st.
MEDICAL.
L^DiES-^ChrchesTer's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." in letter by return mail: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS DR GWYER. 510 Eddy st, bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st, bet Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; houxa 9a. m, to sp. m.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post st, bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Hours 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st. _^^
DR POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
st; every cas>e guaranteed; $5 up.
HOME In confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Necs aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist, 1023V6 Market st
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 1223
Market St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
hes of the human body. 115 Mason Bt.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
GRAVEL mine: can pay for It out of mine; no
cash down; terms good; well located; princl-
pals only. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IN TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st, above Sixth.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAEES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome et. ; tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine. in good order;
attachments. 1915 Mission st, near Fifteenth.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new. 2d-hand. Whitelaw,2l6 Spear.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; turn, bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters.shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; tel. Jessie 1163.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CAPITAL required in a prosperous and well-
established manufacturing business; all
means of Investigating freely granted. Ad-
dress box 2864. Call office.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
Union st.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery st, upstairs.
WANTED— Second-hand painter falls. 1129 Mis-
sion st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole; it you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount"
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California st, room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of pianos is
now going on at MAUVAIS 1 , 769 Market st;
don't delay if you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS', 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get the
low prices at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1*56, and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as It purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutte-
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest hous»
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs arid
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO?. 560 Hayes st.
LARGE stoc!: of Baldwin and other standard
an :^AM^^ U N C . ed^°pg| t U ? t PrOmPt >aJe '-
A-UPRIGHTB. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st . agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash KEEFFE'S
1019 Van Ness aye.
W , A 0 NT > E s< uare pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
3vo "OSt St.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
GO r9. D J v^ri? h i Piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORMNG. 216 McAllister st
BA c R ? . ~ Good u PrlSht: cheap SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank. .
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and her pianos. 308
Post st.
S V P RIOR vl °»ns. zithers. rid and new. H.
Ml TXER, maker, rer-airer. ? Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET. '
EMMA SPRE CKELS buildlmr. 927 Market st-
Llght. sunny offices. ?12 50 n $20 per month.
' ___ PALMISTRY.
MME. NE^GAARD. pupil" of Count St. Oe^"
main. 616 Geary st. above Jones; classes:
flaw hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; leading bi^uUl, &PERSONALS.
LESLIE C. HURST will find It greatly to his
Interest to write to E. W. : wry, ad-
ministrator of F. K. HURST, deceased. . Ver- |
sailles. Kentucky, ur to ANDREW THORNE.
Mills bid San Francisco, Cal. Any one |
knowing him to be aliva since ISS9, or know-
ing him to be dead, kindly notify the above.
IT'S Lederer's yulntonica gives that beautiful
gloss to the hair: 3."ic hot;; Foam Shampoo
cleanses the scalp. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER dresses the hair to suit the face, 250
only; Veda Rose Rouge gives that perfectly
natural color; easily applied: cannot harm
mi Et de'iiciite skin; s:ic box. 123 Stockton st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants.
$o 75, or overcoats. $12 50; made to order;
samples s«?nt to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market st., St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and. Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 41 Thlnl st., near Market; 100 rooms:
3.V to $1 50 per nlKht: II 60 to M per week; '
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT KATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience; J. 8., box SSSS, Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-ofT clothing. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 200 Third St.; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and~Jew^
•ler. removed to U3 Sixth st.. near Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work in all branches;
examination free. 713 Market st., mm. 2 & 3.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered
$2 CO up. JENSEN & BATH, SOS Sixth st.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCKhas removed La Verita
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Fol«om 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 8
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
HIRSITINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay, book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth St.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; tr.x-xis bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st. . nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china d»-c-
-oratora. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs of fine furs and Beal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wi6h full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no Injec-
tion; g-uarantd. Dr. Gordin.. 514 Plne.ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId prold for manufa'lng. O. Nolte,
Jewel, 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason. :
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
_ I
JTTNTSST and fullest stock; square deal and i
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
cam! free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021H Market Ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S FOR BARGAINS.
Money to loan on rents.
Cash paid for city bargains.
$1!«.C-CO— New building; rents $10,000 yearly, j
$75,C^>— <3rand comer: good Improvements; lot i
80 feet front: block from Tivoli.
$40, ■ Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
Bt. . renl $-102.
$30. non— Stores and 12 fiats: rents $300; lot 50x
165 feet.
$2C,:'"r>— Grand Investment: lot 40x80 .feet;
block from Fourth and Market Els.
$14. ("X'— Geary bt., near Mason; store and lodg-
ing house.
$12,750—3 eiepant new flats: rents $115.
$12.000 — Mason St., not far from Geaxy; 35-foot
front.
llO.r^Xl — New flats: very fine: rents $95.
$Ssoo— Market -st. flats; lot 30 feet front; a
•nap.
$7200— Transfer corner; store and i fiats; mort-
gage I :00.
$7500 — Three grand new flats; rents $S0; near i
Powell and Bush sts. ; all rented.
*:-n"0 — California st. : ' flats; rents $15. • ,
$1750— Cojiy 7-roorr. bouse; lot 25x100 feet; nice i
grounds; rent $16 80.
jjfiOO— Three, flat", nil rented $18; near Powell.
IWfl-Two flats; rents $30.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667
Market Bt.
GRAND view of bay: southeast cor. Broadway
and Jones; 47x60; fine brick foundation which
cost $1500; price only $4C00: 2 blocks only from
4 cable lines. THOB. MAGEE A SONS. 5
Montgomery st.
13400— MODERN 5-room cottage on bituminlced
street; lot 2."x130; also a large 7-room house j
on Pierce St., near Halght; houses built to |
suft purchases: easy terms. Inquire on prem- j
ises. F. NELSON. Builder.
$900 FOR new house of d rooms and lot 50x100, ;
in Oakland: terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month: lot and house cost fl?*). Inquire WM. j
HF.NDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
Southwest cor. Guerrero and Army ats.—
KinO feet.
Southeast cor. Twenty-sixth and Church sts.
—Lots X or 50 by 95 feet.
FOR 4-room cozy house: 9 foot 8 Inch
basement; large lot and stable; electric cars.
223 Twenty-ninth st. i
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park, j
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them. '
call on W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — or Sale I
1V» ACRES, part fruit tre-j*. vegetables, hot- ■
house; 4-r. house, barn, stable; 2 h(.rc>-s: '.-an I
raise chickens: clears ilf,. M. !>•■-■• 7C5 Mrkt. i
I
13<4 ACRES; must be sold; make offer; a.ll in
bearing trees; 2 miles from Santa Ciara; 10-
-room house, barn, windmill, i wells, all Im-
plements. 9 G<?ary st . room 15.
A— MM ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per j
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Ifontgy. |
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large rooms, with
nice wide hall, completely furnished for
housekeeping; gas, hot and cold water; use
of laundry, bathroom; telephone; new house;
small private family: rent reasonable; tine
view: healthy location; no children. 4231
Twentieth st., bet. Castro and Colling- l
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreetß. Open until 9 p. m.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win- i
dow and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
CLAY. 242*. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions :
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
EDDY, 604 — Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; sunny; good location.
FIFTH. IG2— Unfurnished bay-window parlor, i
with nice mantel; $6 50; refs. exchanged.
FIFTH. 353-Furnlshed housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. $1S; also single, 'to $7.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 2GS-Furn!shed room*
for housekeeping; also single room.
GOLDEN GATE avo.. 311-Large sunny room,
gas and wutcr. for light housekeeping. In re-
spectable family; no other roomers: $W.
GOLDEN GATE. 1410— Finely furnished parlor
floor: everything furnished.
HOWARD. 704. corn.-r Third— N sty furnished
rooms; also housekeeping.
HOWARD. 732— LarKft sunny room, furnished
for housekeeping! running water: rent reas. j
HOWARD, lOCS— Furnished rooms, complete for '
housekeeping; running water; rent l nh!», I
IVY aye.. 241. near Haves and Franklin st*
" and 3 lovely furnished rooms; sun- gink-
sl3 and $!<>: adults.
LARK ! 326—Clean funny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 '«' fiii Per month; central.
MCALLISTER. 405—2 sunny front rooms; bath:
laundry; complete.
POLK. B22— Furnished and unfurnl«hed house-
keeping rooms; rent cheap.
SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
bousekpg. rms. i suite*. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
TWELFTH. 40—2 sunny front connecting rooms
for housekeeping; $10. •
$0— nice light rooms; Kearny, atar Sutter;
O'Farrell, cor. Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
Ifncla st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Infnrn. ;
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator; !
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates; i
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor Ht.. near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth -Rooms '
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and j
light housekeeping; open all night.
ROOMS TO LET — 1 urn. anil 1 ntnrn.
A.T Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike House; modern service; elevator;
bath; room) 50c to $1 f.O day. MRS. J. KING.
A— i'EPWORTH." clean, respectable »Sc to $1
per night, $1 25 to $5 per week; light house-
keeping. i.stu. Market st.
AT The Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
also single room, without board.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites; sin-
gle rooms- all conveniences; gentlemen and
. families; elevator; special rates traveling men.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. r<M>--Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also untarnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. .'i offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2800 Fillmore st.
CLIFI ORD, 201 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United State Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 50 week up: elevator day and night.
ELLIS, 518— Large rooms; alcove suite; sun all
day; everything new.
FOURTH. 222Vj— Nncely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; moderate.; quiet.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men: also housekpg.
GEARY, 405 i The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Single; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD 715— 20'J sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGH House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night: £1 50 to $3 per week.
LARKIN, 103— Furnished and unfurnished
sunny rooms; also oftlce; opp. City Hall.
MASON .:v Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en 'suite; $1 50 per week up.
MCALLISTER, TOSH— S nni c rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1511. near Eleventh — S sunny rooms;
bath and dressing room. S
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
35c day up: $2 week up: transient.
NINTH, 20. near Market— Front bay window,
suitable for 2; grate: gas; jtjj.
OF \RREI-L. — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, irk., mo.
O'FARHELL, 329— Large sunny front room and
board for two gentlemen^
ROYAL House, 126 Kills st.— lncandescent
li- lit. reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; roi>ms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S: month, $* to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 13'U— Three rooms; large yard;
rent $7.
SEVENTH, 192 (Oirard House)— 2 handsome
sunny corner rooms for physician or dentist-
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 603— Nice sunny well furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid __^___^^^_^^^___^_^__^_
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 148 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds 1 ought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrtng at lowest rates 20.' Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. : '. up;
painting done. Hurtman Paint Co.. m Third
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO 4ir. Montgomery st:. rorm" !>-10- •■' """•
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay la.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post. cor. Pnwell: tel Main '13.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— California Schpetzcn Club Park,
near San Rafael, for a term of 5 years or
more; bids will be received up to November
20, 6 p. m., at the office of the C. S. C. P. &
B. A.. 123 Sutter st.
OTTO BURMEISTER, Secretary.
STORE to lease; Mission St.. bet First and
Second' lot . \' 0; put in order to suit tenant.
■T. TOMPKINSON. - r " Minna st.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. r,41 Keamy.
ALAMRDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT £oxlso. with large cottage of «
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at one«;
worth $4000.
$2800— Lot 40x150. on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 room*;
$300 cash, balance ISO per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alarr. -da.
H. I' MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALABIEOA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FVNKF.. 141K .th
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new houses in cour.se of con-
struction on 33d St.. bet. Grove and West; 2
completed; all modern improvements; street
work, sidewalks done; small payment down;
balance monthly if desired; houses open for
inspection 10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON,
515 Twentieth Et.
1201) CASH for a lovely home, Frultvale, ad-
joining Bast Oakland; no fo;j« nor cold winds;
situate on Fruitvale aye.; 9-room mode?n
house, 1 year built; large lot, barn. Hhed,
chicken house, etc.; city water and i«w»r;
electric cars pass the door; street work all
dene; delightful surroundings; price, all told,
$2000; $1200 can remain; terms to suit buyer
for balance, or will exchange. 405 Seventh St..
near corner of Broadway, Oakland. HENRY
21. JONES, Owner.
14 ACRES In Oakland; up-to-date home; want
an honest offer. E. E. BUNCE. 808 Broad-
way, Oakland.
MODERN, nearly new. 2-story 9-room residence
In Fruitvale, at corner of Champion and Nicol
aye.; only $200 cash, balance to »uit; house
open to-day.
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on Frultvals
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130: horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
For sale — Building lot. near Telegraph aye.,
North Oakland. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAGES.
NICELY furnished 6-room cottage, with piano,
to let for this winter to adult family: refer-
ence required. 931 Poplar st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shcllhaas. the
furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby irlv«n that WESTERN BEET SUOAH
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
lFtltiK under and by virtue of the laws of th»
ftntr- of California, and having Its oTflce and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of Cn'.lfornla, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city ana county of San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of ?aid corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2. In th» City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed us the day. *!me and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set mr
. hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this iOth day of October. 18».
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By B. M, THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1899.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 9 (thlrty-flvs
cents per shar«) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANT^'wIII .be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
on and after FRIDAY, November 10^ 1899.
Transfer books will close on SATURDAY,
November 4. 18S9, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
| PROPOSALS will b« received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department.
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon,
November 28, 1599, . and publicly opened im-
i mediately thereafter to furnish at the navy
yard. Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of rivets,
brushes, feather dusters, brooms, crockery,
i nails, hardware, wire, buckets, screws, locks, |
i lanterns, lampv.-lck, cotton calking, Instru- j
ments, leathers, lumber, hoop brass, rivet
! rod, pipe covering, packlns. lye, paints, gold
leaf, varnishes, shellac, pipe fittings, valves, j
cocks, flies, tools, emery, bath brick, mats, j
soap, grindstone and hydraulic Jacks. Blank I
proposals will be furnished ■ upon application
! to the bureau, or to the navy pay office, San I
Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster
General. U. S. N. 10-30-99.
■ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
| Marriage licenses have been issued as follows
| Secundino Soto and Leonides G. Saucedo.. 4B-26
. Geprge W. Quinn and Josephine Denny.. .27-20
! William T. Seiver and Anna H. Kreuder.,23-26
ChelHs J. Byxbee and Daisy T. Haake 25-22 i
I Philip J. Maas and Helen Kaehne 36-27
; B. Grethel and Rose D. Brackenwagen... .36-24
I John T. Colen and Ida J. Nuhrenberg 21-22
. Alexander D. Keyes and Kate Salisbury.. 3s-31
W. S. D. Brown and Alice B. Sullivan.. .22-21
Pierre Recalt and Marie Etchegoln 37-27
| MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
! mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
i in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EDDY— In this city. November 5, 1599, to th«
wife of H. T. Eddy, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, November 3. 1899. to the
wife of J. Winter Smith, a daughter.
' MARRIED.
ARFSTEN— BRAREN— this city, November
4. 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Arfst i
J. Arfsten and Inge T. C. Braren.
EHLERS— GOLSCH— In this city, November 5, !
1899. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. Richard A. j
J. Ehlers and Ernestine L. S. Golsch, both of |
San Francisco.
GARDEN— MAHON— In this city, November 4, j
1599. by the Rev. F. a. Doane, Alexander J. !
' Garden and Mary Frances Mahon, both of San
Francisco.
TONNEMACHER— SCHROEDER— In this city,
November 5, 1399. by the Rev. J. H. Schroe- j
der, Henry Tonnemacher and Matilda Bchroe-
\ Jur. . I
DIED.
Brandon, Margaret Hartmann, John F.
Biggio, Agostino Janson. Lillie
Boulton. Mary E. Kelly, Michael
Brow. 'll, Frank Jr. MoGraw, Ellen L
Burns. Sarah Moller. Maria
Callahan, John M iris*. Henry S.
Connelly, William Noack. William
Cronk. Millie A. Poljaco, Dominlck .
Crowley, Mary Kavanl. Leonardo
Daniel. Mrs. M. Thomas, Allphonso
Dvnegan. Elizabeth Thompson, Smith B.
Duncanson. Jessie N. Vitalch. John T.
Folkers. Helene S. Wilson. Mary
Gllman, Mary A. Zelgler, Barbara
Gregg, Jane L.
BIGGIO— In this city, November 5, 1899. Agos-
tino, dearly beloved husband of Rosa Biggio, ;
and father of Giovanni and Virginia Biggio, :
a native of Di Soglio Comume dl Orero Pro- j
vinciadl, Genoa, Italy, aged 51 years and 15
! days.
BOULTON— Ia this city, November 5, 1593. ;
Mary Ellen, beloved wife of Thomas Boui-
i ton, "and sister of Mrs. Hannah Hopkins and
William, Dennis and the late James Moore,
a native of San Francisco, osed 33 years 5
months and ■! days.
CL? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church. Brannan street,
between Fourth and Fifth, where service.-,
will be held. Interment Mount Calvary '
Cemetery.
1 BRANDON— In this city, November 6, 1899. |
M.irgarot G., beloved wife Of E. J.
Brandon, daughter of Eliza anil the late :
Michael Buckley, and sister of William and
Duniel Buckley.
BKOWELI*— In this city, November 5. 1599,
Frank Jr., beloved son of Frank and Belle
Brow a native of San Francisco, aged »
years an<J 2.S days.
BURNS An anniversary requiem high mass
will I-..- celebrated to-morrow i Wednesday), at j
8 o'clock, at St. Paul's Church, for the repose i
of th.' soul of Sarah Burns. Friends are In-
vited to attend.
CALLAHAN— In Oakland. November 5, 1899, ]
John, beloved son r>f Cecile> and the late !
James Callahan, and brother of James and ;
Thomas Callahan, Mrs. Mclaughlin, Mrs.
Barry and the late Mrs. Mulligan, Mrs. Tra-
vis and Michael Callahan, a native of County i
Monaghan. lr»iand. aged 43 years.
IL^Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 722 Second street, thence to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose \
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Fran-
Cisco.
CONNELLY— In this city. November 6, 1899,
William, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Connelly, and father of James F. and
Willie H. Connelly and Mrs. M. E. Kcan, a
native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 65 |
years.
C .■■".N'-.t;i •(• of funeral hereafter." Remains ,
at the resilience of his daughter. Mrs. M. E.
Egan, 22 Eileen avenue, off Fifteenth street,
between Guerrero and Dolores.
: CRONK— In this city, November 6, 1899. Mol-
lie Ann Cronk, dearly beloved wife of Virgil
' J. Cronk, loving mother of Francis Eugene
Cronk. daughter of Mrs. Catherine Collins, j
find sister of Thomas, John,' George, Katie j
and th» late James and William Collins, a
native of San Francisco, aged 35 years 2
months and 10 days. ■?< - -
(Tv The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 8 and 10 City Hail square, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth j
and Dolores streets, for services commencing
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWLEY —An anniversary requiem high j
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the j
BOUI of Mary Crowley at St. Dominic's
Church to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock. I
Friends are invited to attend.
DANTEL In Frultvale, November 5, 1899, Mrs.
Margaret Daniel, wife of Thomas Daniel, and
mother of James and Thomas E. Daniel, a
native of Wales, aged 63 years. . •
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Welsh j
Presbyterian Church, Harrison street. Oak-
land.
DONEGAN— In this city, November 5, 1893,
Elizabeth J., dearly beloved daughter of John
and Katie Donegan, and sister of John, Jo- |
seph and Mary Ellen Donegan, a native of I
San FTancieco, aged 1 year 6 months and 27
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence-
of the parents, 921H Howard street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNCANSON— In this city, November 6, 1899,
Jessie N., beloved daughter of John and Jes-
sie Duncanson, and sister of Jeanle Duncan-
son. a native of San Francisco, aged 10 years |
and 8 months.
(n7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi- |
dence of her parents, 646 Wisconsin street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FOLKERS— In Oakland, November 4, 1899,
Helens Sophie, dearly beloved wife of J. H.
A. Folkers, and mother of August, Theodor
and Ludulph Folkers and Mrs. Edward
Hoegeman, ■ a native of Schweewarden, Ol-
denburg. Germany, aged 66 years 8 months
and 27 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
this day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
family residence. 915 Myrtle street, Oakland.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco.
OILMAN— In Oakland, November 6, 1899, Mary
A., beloved wife of Joseph Oilman, and
mother of Dora, Mary, Antunla, Joseph Jr. I
' and Pearl Oilman, a native of Canada, aged '
38 years and 10 months.
GREGG— In this city, November 6, 1899, Jane j
Lowe Gregg, beloved mother of Alice C, j
Frank W. and Charlotte A. Gregg, a native
of Missouri, aged 71 years S months and 21
days. —.;-,;,
[CTTrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
her late residence, 2110 Polk street. Inter-
ment private.
i HARTMANN— In this city, November 6. 1899,
John F.. beloved husband of Emma Hart-
mann, and father of Katie. Carrie. Gussle,
Anna. Charlie and Willie Hartmann. a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 53 years
11 months and 16 days.
Our darling father has left us.
Our loss we deeDly feel.
And often in the future
Will sad memories o'er us steal.
For days that have departed.
Our hearts will heave a sigh.
For he who shared our pleasures
Has gone to the home on high.
Farewell, dear father, forever:
On earth we'll meet no more.
But may we meet with angels bright
On that sweet, heavenly shore.
ANNIE.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
* (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
liLNHY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan *• Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
*> Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone South 8&
dence, 221 Twenty-eighth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JANSON— In this city, November 6. 1399, Lil-
lle beloved daughter of W. F. and Anna
Janson. a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 77". Folsom # street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. November 5. 1899, Mi-
chael beloved husband of Mary Kelly and
father of George W. Kelly, a native of the
parish of Llnally, Kings County, Ireland,
aged 67 years.
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his, late
residence 221$ Union street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church. Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass " will
be celebrated for the repose of Ills soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McGRAW— In Oakland. November 5, 1899, Ellen
Isadora, eldest daughter of E. W. and Sarah
E. McGruw. aged 29 years.
C?" Funeral services at the residence of her
parents, 945 Chestnut street, Oakland, this
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. Interment at
Port i irford, Or. .-•.:,
MOLLER— In thin city. November 6, 1839, Maria
Moller. beloved wife of Peter Moller. a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 50 years and
13 days.
MORRIS— In this city, November 5, 1599, Henry
S. Morris, a native of the Isle of Barbadoes,
aged 68 years.
NOACK— In this city, November 5, 1899, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Georglna Noack,
father of Alfred and August Noack and Mrs.
W. A. Vetter, and brother of Amelia Kohler
of Stockton, a native of the Kingdom of Sax-
ony, Germany, aged B0 years 3 months and 30
days. (Hastings, Minn., papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at l o'clock, from the Mlzpah
Presbyterian .Church, Harrison street, near
Fifth.
POLJACO— In this city. November 4. 1899, Dom-
inick Poljaco, a native of Svett Petar Brae,
Dalmatia, Austria, aged 62 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ]
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell street, under the aus-
pices of the Slavonic I. M. B. Socttey. thence
to St Mary's Cathedral for services. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and 29 Fifth street. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
RAVANI— In this .city. Leonardo, beloved hus-
band of Maria Ravani and father of Kicardo
Ravanl. a native .of Italy, aged 76 years 3
months and 10 days.
(C?"Fricnds and acquaintances are tespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday.), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1510 Dupont street, thence to Italian
Church of St. Peter and St. Paul, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
THOMAS— In this city, November 5, 1899, Ali-
phonao M.. beloved wife of James J. Thomas,
and mother of Statia A., Prince J., Fred W.
and Chauneey F. Thomas, a native of Balti-
more. Md.. aged 41 years 7 months and 10
days. (Boston, Mass.. papers please copy.)
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Plymouth
Congregational Church, Post street, between
Buchanan and Webster. Interment Masonic
Cemetery-
THOMPSON— In this city, November 5, 1899,
Smith R. beloved father of William H..
Frank K. and Walter G. Thompson, a native
of Duchess County, New York, aged 78 years
6 months and 8 days. (Btnghamton. N. V.,
and Danville, Pa., papers please copy.)
[n/"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment private.
VITAICH— In this city. November 6, 1899, John
T., beloved father of Gregory. Frances, Thom-
as, Daisy and Joseph Vitaich, brother of An-
tone Vitaich and Mrs. Anna Catanlch, and
uncle of Lena and Joseph Catanich and John
and Peter Carstulovich, a native of Svete
Petar Brae, Dalmatia, Austria, aged 58 years.
10 months and 14 days. A member of the
Slavonic I. M. B. Society.
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell street, under the aus-
pices of the Slavonic I. M. B. Society, thence
to St. Mot's Cathedral for services. Re-
mains at the parlors of the United Undertak-
ers. 27 and 29 Fifth street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city. November 5. 1*99, Mary,
beloved wife of Frank Wilson, sister of Mr?.
John Herberger of Jacksonville, Or, and the
late Hughey Dougherty, and aunt of Mrs.
William Edgar and W. Webb, a native of the
parish of urnley, County Tyrone. Ireland,
aged SO ypare. ■••■"■ ■ ;.-•
ZEIGLER— In San Jose, November 6. 1599, Bar-
bara Zelrler, loved wife- of Otto Z.;igle.r Sr.,
and mother ot Otto and Oscar Zeigler, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 47 years.
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
!>:3O o'clock, from her late residence, 242 Park
avenue, San Jose, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a high mass will be Bald at
10 o'clock.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Kate A. Hayes (by Edward Metzger. trustee) :
to Sylvaln Schnaittacher, 1714 D. 1.52, lot on X
line of Broadway, 19O:1H W of Larkln, W 11:4%
by N 137:6, trustee's deed; $2496.
Walter J. Wiley to C. B. Stone. lot on N
line of- Haight street, 173 E of Laguna, E 40
by N 120; $10-
Thomas C. Edward (trustee) to Henry R. I
Peters, lot on S line of Bush street, 100 E of '
Devisadero. E 50. S 110:11. W 12:6. S 1:7, W i
37:6. N 112:6; $10. i
Henry R. and Levlna R. Peters to Joseph
V. Costello, tame; $10. : '. .
Hermlne Baumgarten to James Burke, lot on
E line of Shntwell street, 217 S of Twenty-first, I
8 2S by B 122:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate Patrick MeConnvlll (or McConvllle. or :
Pat McConvlll. by Andrew Glover, administra- !
tor) to William H. Ward, lot on W line of i
Shot well street, 65 B of Nineteenth, S 30 by
W 122:6; $2600.
Margaret Dunton to Sten Erlckson, lot on N
line of Seventeenth street, 55 E of Noe, E 25 ]
by N 91:6; a bo lot on N line of California
street South. 62 W of Third avenue, W 33, N
70 E 33:3, 8 72; $10.
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to Harry C.
Jensen, lot on E line of Cole street. 112:6 S
of Page, S 25 by E U*s3; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Nellie
J. Busch (single), lot 9, block 4. Marlon Tract
(hospital lot); $10.
Michael King to Frances V. King, lot on E
line of Castro street, 247 N of Nineteenth, N
2,-. by E 12.-); gift.
Isaac P.. Allen to Union Trust Company of
San Francisco (a corporation), lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street, 280 \V of Douglass,
W 61:8 by N 114: also lot on NE corner of
Twenty-fourth and Bellevue streets, N «4
by E 125; $10.
D. B. Davidson to Nevada Bank of San
Francisco, same (two descriptions) also lot 21,
block 32!». lot 22. block 329. South San Fran
cisco Tide Land Survey; $10.
Nevada Bank of San- Francisco to Union
Trust Company of San Francisco, same (three
descriptions); also lot on SE line of Howard
street, between Spear and Main. 45:10 by 137:6
(lot on SE line of Howard, 91 :S SW of Spear.
SW 4.':10 by SE 137:6, Beach and Water lots
739; $10.
Josephine B. and Douglass White to Jacob
Hey man. lots 214 and 215. Heyman Tract; $10.
Edward FolllU to Alvlnza Hayward, lot on
N line of California street, 62:6 E of Montgom
ery. E 25 by N 69:3; $10.
J. G. Schaefer (by John H. Grndy, Tax Col
lector) to George Mearas, lot on SW line of
Spear street, .229:2 NW of Folsom, NW 22:11
by SW 137:6. tax deed; $60.
Alameda County.
Frederick S. Stratton to Grace O. Stratton.
lot on W line of Harrison street. 606 N of
Fourteenth. N 43 by W 150, Oakland; gift.
Henry J. Katzenbach to Catherine Katzen
bach. lot on E Hn<» of Fairmount avenue. 269.55
8 of Santa Clara avenue. NE 10. SB 160, SW
60.04, NW 125, N 62. to beginning-, being lot 3.
block C, Flint Tract. Oakland; ft.
• Mary J. »nd C. H. Page to Mary H. Maxey
(wife of Edward T.), lot on S line of Spring
street, 170 E of Adeline, E 50 by S BS, being
lots 77 and 78, Kimball Tract, subject to a
mortgage for $400, Oakland: $10.
S. C. Blg-elow to H. L. Holcomb. lot on NW
line of Howe street, 375 SW of Amethyst. SW
30. NW 146. NE 30, .SE 160 to beginning, being
the SW 20 feet of lot 13 and NE 10 feet of lot
14, block C, Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe
Tract. Oakland: $10.
H. L. Holcomb to S. C. Bigrelow. lot on NW I
line of Howe street. 835 SW of Amethyst. SW
30, NW 152.1, NE 30.4. SE 157 to beginning,
being lot 12, block C. same. Oakland; $10.
Peter Sabatte to Jeanne Sabatte. lot on N
line of Nolan or Thirty-third street. 466 E of
West street, E 32 by N 100, being the W 32 feet
of lot 17, block E. Map of property of Central
Land Company, Oakland: gift.
Josephine' Maria Balfour to Balfour-Guthrio
Investment Company of San Francisco, lot on
N line of West Twelfth street. 104 W of Kirk
ham, W 62 by N 110, being lot 40 on Map of
Center-street Home lots, quitclaim deed. Oak
land; $10. •
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee to David B. Wylle,
lot on N line of West Twelfth street. 130 W of
Kirkham. W 26 by N 110. portion of lot 40 on
map of same, Oakland; $10.
Freldertch and Barbara Kronenberg to Fer
dinand Koenig, undivided % interest in lot
on RW corner of West Sixteenth and Wood
streets. W JO6 by S 73. block 730. Oakland; $10
Anna M. Pigott to Cellna Mooser, lot on NW
corner of Blake street and Grove avenue. W
42.23. N 130. E 51.81. 8 130.31. to beginning, be
ing lot 11. block E. Crystal Spring Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
J. H. Mathews (trustee of the estate of
James McKenna. bankrupt) to George E. Law- "
rence and Arianna Whltharn 'executors of the j
estate of Jay V. Lawrence), all interest In
lot on NW corner of Forest avenue and Center
street. N 102:5 by. W 123. being lots 11 nd 12
block A. Berkeley Homestead Association,
Berkeley: $80.
Amos Seaman to John A. Emmerich, lots
6. 6 and 7, block C. Lincoln Park. Oakland: $10
A. C. and Anna M. Henry to John J. Mc-
Donald, lot on SW corner of Fifth and Wash
ington streets, S 75 by W 75, being lots 15
16 and 17 block 44. quitclaim deed, Oakland
slo.
Builders' Contracts.
Emmett Dunn (owner) with Marcus* & Rem
mel, contractors and . architects. All work for
a tTro-Ftory dwelling on the E line of Ninth
avenue, 200 N C street, N. 25 by E 120; $"000
AUTONOMY IN
NEGROS ISLAND
New Government Is Now
Established.
RESULT OF THE ELECTIONS
OATH OF OFFICE ADMINIS
TERED TO OFFICIALS.
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
MANILA, Nov. 6.— At Bacolor, In the
island of Negros, the autonomous Govern
ment of :he Filipinos was established to
day. General Smith, Governor of the
island of Negros, administered the oath
of office to the Judge of the Supreme
Court, who in turn swore In the Gover
nor, three Judges, twelve Councilmen, the
Auditor and the Secretary of the Interior.
The natives of the entire island attended
the ceremony. The officers from Iloilo
were also present. Three days' feasting
will follow the celebration of the new
Government and the first anniversary of
the surrender of the Spanish to the Ne
gros revolutionists, ending with a ball in
the Government house to-night.
American flags are displayed in the vil
lage. The celebration consisted of horse
racing and other sports, music, religious
functions and illumination. The ball to- j
night attracted the wives of the wealthy
planters and there was a great display
of rich costumes and costly jewels, sucn
as would be Been at a similar affair in
America or Europe.
Elections were held October 2, the num
ber of votes cast being 5248. There were
forty candidates for the various offices.
Melectio Revlernlo was elected Governor,
receiving i3us votes. Senor Galme received
1277 votes. Suffrage was determined by
property qualification and ability to read j
and write.
Colonel Miner welcomed the officials on I
behalf of the United States. In the
course of his remarks he said:
"Negros ;eads in the van of civil gov
ernment in the Philippines. Your honor
lies In adding a new star to freedom's
flag."
General Smith, during a speech which
he delivered, said:
"Your future promises as brightly as
i Japan's, which to-day is recognized as
i among the civilized nations of the world."
; Senor Severino, in replying, said that 'he
i best thing for the future of Negros was
the continuance of close relations with
the United States. General Smith then
announced the granting of freedom to the
j political prisoners in commemoration of
the event. General Hughes, in con mand
at Iloilo, tendered a congratulatory speech
over the eastern cable fi'om that place.
| General Smith in an interview lemarked
I that it was of the utmost importance that
i th.> Filipinos should be taught to recog
: nize the rovereignty of the United states.
i "The gravest danger," he added, "threat
! ening a peaceful administration is in
| trigue among the insular politicians," and
' he declared that the United States Gov- j
ernment must for years keep control of
the Philippines In order to prevent such
conditions "from existing.
The members of the Sixth Infantry,
I which is divided into three garrisons
' throughout the island of Negr n s, are vn _
! dergoing great hardships. A recently or
; ganlzed revolutionary movement has been
' discovered in Northern Negros and the
leaders have been forced to withdraw to
Panay. A number of bandits under the
leadership of Papa Isio, a religious char-
I latan. have been driven to the mountains,
but it is expected they will give more
trouble. A force of 230 native soldiers,
: armed with Springfield rifles, are helping
; the Americans and are found to be valu
able as scouts.
General Lawton's operations have been
temporarily suspended owing to heavy
rains. The country around Cabantuan is
flooded. The river, however, has begun
fulling rapidly and probably the country
in that reel ion will soon resume its nor
mal condition.
ADVANCE OF TROOPS
REPORTED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6— The War De
partment has received the following ca
blegram:
"MANILA, Nov. 6.— Wheaton's expedi
tion. 2500 strong; the transports Sheridan
and Aztec*, and two coasting steamors.
convoyed by three war vessels, left for
Lingayen Gulf this morning. Mac Arthur's
troops advanced to Magaland yesterday,
clearing the country between Aneeles and
Arayat; encountered about VW) of the
enemy at different points. O'Brien, with
a battalion of the- Seventeenth Infantry. :
two troops uf the Fourth Cavalry and :
Slav-en's Bcouts, moving on the road from
Balulut east of Angeles, encountered and
drove the enemy in the direction of Maga
lang, who left forty-nine dead on the
field. O'Brien captured twenty-eight pris
oners and fourteen rides. Colonel Smith,
with two other battalions of the Seven
teenth; Hamilton's battery of the First
Artillery, and engineers and signal de
tachment moved on direct road from An
to Magalang, capturing the latter
place, inflicting a loss on the enemy in
Killed and wounded of about liW. capturing
fifty prisoners and a large amount of in
surgent transportation.
"Our casualties reported at twelve
wounded. Severe heavy rain last three
days have rendered decisive movements
by Iyawton's troops impossible. He now
has abundant supplies at San Isidro and
farther north and will operate to the
north and westward when the country
now submerged permits. OTIS."
WELCOME HOME OF
WASHINGTON TROOPS
SEATTLE, Nov. The First Wash
ington volunteers arrived here this morn
ing on the steamer Queen and were given
a reception never to be forgotten by those
who witnessed It. Thousands of people
poured into the city from all parts of the
State to honor the returning heroes, Brit- ■
ish Columbia and Oregon also sending
their quota. The principal streets were
elaborately decorated with banners,
streamers, flags and emblems. Public
buildings and store windows presented
many unique and handsome designs.
The naval parade included fifty vessels,
which left Seattle early In the morning,
and in platoon form met the steamship
Queen five miles down the sound. As the
Queen came up. the vessels formed In
four columns, allowing her to pass be
tween the second and third. The Queen
blew one short and two long blasts, the
signal for the grand ovation. The volun
teers crowded the forward decks and an
swered the wildly enthusiastic greeting.
Into the harbor they came, and then the
Government cutters Grant, Corwin and
Perry turned loose with their guns. The
Washington and Oregon batteries boomed
from the shore. Aerial shells were sent
up. It seemed as if the city would be
shaken to pieces. The sound was deaf
ening, and the numerous bands could not
be heard fifty feet away. After the in
formal reception at the dock and thirty
minutes for reunion, the big land parade
took place. General Nelson A. Miles and
Governor Rogers were the distinguished
guests.
ADDITIONAL DEATHS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— General Otis
to-day reported to the War Department
the following deaths:
Arterial sotorlsis. October 13, Thomas
Nagle, I. Seventeenth Infantry; typhoid,
John H. Porter, C, Sixth Artillery; 31st,
Edward A. Stevenson. L. Seventeenth In
fantry; malarial disease, Clarence Wilson,
corporal, M, Seventeenth Infantry; Oc
tober 30, Frank P. Secrist, Seventeenth
Infantry; homicide, October 20, Paul E.
Moran, sergeant, E, Sixth Infantry; sui
cide, insane, 1 21st. Charles A. Zaisser, D,
Sixth Infantry; chronic dysentery, 30th,
George Oooney, F, Twelfth Infantry; No
vember 1. John Fitzsimmons. B, Twentv
flrst Infantry; 2d, James K. Grennan, D,
Twentieth Infantry; acute dysentery, Ist,
Daniel E. Webster, L, Ninth Infantry;
October 28, Jacob Covaiaskl. Twenty-first
Infantry; pulmonary congestion, 11th,
James Hulgan. K. Thirty-third Infantry;
chronic diarrhoea, 13th, Michael B. Gavin,
H, Thirteenth Infantry; gastro internal
catarrh. 28th. Chßrles H. Gurley, H,
Twenty-first Infantry; parotid abscess,
3'ith, William E. Whitecotton, E, Fourth
Infantry; William Gallagher, L, Four
teenth Infantry, drowned; 2d, Louis Jan
sen, corporal, Thirty-fourth Infantry
band.
HAWAII ASKED 10
MAKE REPARATION
Foreign Claims Must Be
Adjusted.
ATTITUDE OF UNCLE SAM
WANTS THE ISLANDS TO
SETTLE THE CASES.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence to The Call.
HONOLULU. Oct. 31.— 1 have had a
conversation with President Dole and hiß
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Mott-
Smith. in reference to the claims of Brit
ish residents against the Hawaiian Gov
ernment for alleged Illegal imprisonment
during the revolution of 1595.
Mr. Dole deemed it Improper Inad
visable to permit the publication of the
letter of Attorney General Griggs in ref
erence to them, as he did not consider
the correspondence closed, but in order to
correct any erroneous impressions he
made the following statement:
The letter in question does not recognize
either the validity or invalidity of these
claims nor does It suggest, according to
Mr. Dole's interpretation of it, any course
of action for his Government to pursue.
It is merely, as he sayß, a return of the
papers ''for consideration and settle
ment," without the slightest expreasioa
to guide him as to the wishes of the
Washington executive. He explained that
"settlement" in this connection did not
necessarily imply "payment," for Hawaii
might decline to pay and maintain Its
former contention that it had acted with
in its rights In Imprisoning the uspects
and had incurred no liability to any for
eign Government. The island government
might, on the other hand, decide to re
open the question locally, take evidence
and deal with each case on its merits, or,
again, it might reconsider the matter on
the basis of the negotiations enducted
by the late British commissioner, Hawes,
some time prior to annexation. This plan
wa*j practically an offer by the deceased
commissioner to accept about $30,000, if
paid at once, for the seven or eight Brit
ish sublets who were imprisoned, and
was made to avoid embarrassment to the
local Government during its efforts to
procure annexation. The lamented demise
of the commissioner delayed the negotia
tions until on the eve of annexation the
matter was by consent transferred to
United States Minister Sewall for refer
ence to Washington.
The action that has taken place in
Washington between the Secretary of
State and the Ministers of foreign pow
ers interested forms no part of this end
of the story. In addition to Great Britain
and the United States (for there are
American claimants) the countries prin
cipally interested are Portugal, Denmark
and Greece, and the impression exists
that an opportunity will be accorded to
Mr. Dole to move this affair out of the
road before the executive consent is given
to any bill providing for Hawaii's future
government.
It is too late in the day to speak of the
humiliations and indignities thrust upon
those men— respectable men and men of
family 3ome of them— after their arrest
on mere suspicion and on the oaths of
ex-convicts who were proved perjurers
and personal enemies. Their cautious
governments have indorsed their claims
and further temporizing on the part of
Mr. Dole will only lead to more unfriend
ly feelings.
DETAILS OF PLAN
TO CUT OFF AGUINALDO
BT CARRIER PIGEON FROM THE
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN, AT SEA,
VIA MANILA, Nov. 6.— General Wheat
on's expedition will land in the Gulf of
lylnpayen to cut oft the retreat of the
rebels on the roads as far north a* Ro
sario and to hold the road to the south
east to San Jaclnto. It is thought this
will interfere with Aguinaldo's natural
line of retreat to the north, as all other
mountain passes are not available for
heavy transportation.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R Beyrle, Lob Angeles! T R Read, Cal
A Pennington, T'klah i-E S Hooper, Denver
,T Poundstone. Grimes j W Sexton, Oroville
I Rudee, Ukiah m Biggs Jr. Orovllle
J S Rowan, Crockett IT H Hays &w, Haw
XV S Lewis, Loyaiton J McCudden & w, Cal
M L Kaiser, StlCktpn E H Clark. Chicago
J R Kymmesley & w, C X Madman. Pinole
Kenwood J E Clinton, P Alto
W H Lumsden. S Rosa XV Qulnn & w, SS
D Irishman, Ckiah City iff Sydney
H Nolan, Sacramento J Hasklns, New York
G Jennings, Sacto J R Beck, Chicago
Mrs a Hampel, Sacto J H Curley, Oakdale
N T Tilden Pt Costa [8 J Evans, Napa
F R Hazard, lowa M Buechtel, Ukiah
Mrs !•: Rook, Ohio J H Barker, Ukiah
Mrs Hardiman, Ala W P Thomas, Ukiah
Mrs Cromwell, N York Mrs J A Baldwin, Cal
C E Drummond, Or 0,.W Gould, London
E T Chase, Portland !E M Carr. Plncle
H A Smith, Or W J Cushlng, Chicago
H Marks, Or C 0 Wright, AlvaradO
Miss M McNeil, Ohio C H Nunan, N York.
Miss E Strickland, Or; Dr E W Kelsey. St
G AY Kendall & w, : Mlcttael
8t Paul j J Fenge, New York
•U' B Green, Colusa ]R D Lawrence, Cal
A H Hart. New York ; C Moetzen, Pt Reyes
J A Conner, Los Ang G R Lovejoy. Woodld
F Golden, Nev L G Smith, Salinas
J X Lamont, Cal
• . PALACE HOTEL.
G E Wlthlngton, Or ;J Biddle &w,U S A
H B Wood, San Jose O A Poole & w, Yen
M Sinclair, N York kohama
Claude Cane, Ireland ! D \Y Stein, N York
E N Lalllng & w, Mrs Stein, New York
Manlster A yon Amstel, Batavia
Mles O Lalling, Man- T Grerdamis, Batavla
Ister C L McCauley, V S N
R Hansen & w, Mich A B Bayless, USA
B Thomas, New York A E Stevenson. R N
F O Carpenter, Wash L Berrick, London
C Shllent. Lob Ang F Vlvante & w, N V
A Lleman. Vallejo M S Niswander, Doric
P J Bradley, N Mcx D Melone, Oak Knoll
Mrs Baron & f y. Cal M E Fuld &w, Md
M Blinner, Hamburg C M Hunter & w, Cal
Ii Baron, New York D J Medbury. N York
Rabbi L Hecht. "Wis W Pockels, Vienna
Dr X M Lundborg. Cal F R Llebleg, Vienna
C Loutales & w, Paris; Mrs J Doyle, Mexico
8 Richmond, Phila Dr C Liceaga. Mexico
Mrs B I Wheeler, Bkly N de Mocal. Mexico
W Fink. "Wls A de Llegre. Mexico
A M Proctor. US N G Blatt Aw, S Rafael
R J Duval. Paris A W Crookston, Sootld
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C H Brown, San Jose M W Cardwell, Denver
C Kohler, Portland ' P Gilhooley, Fresno
W Hornberg, Portland P F Martin, N York
J Gibson. Portland E E Jones. New York
W B Hunt, Portland W M Norton, Chicago
J Fenton. Ohio J Jackson, Los Ang
J R Sharp. St Louis Miss M Jackson.L Ang
W Lossman, S Jose I D McKisslck, Chicago
B S Coates & w. Colo ! L Schnell, St Louis
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Eighth Page.
ARRIVED,
Monday. November 6.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 25 hours from Port
Harford.
Bark James Nesmith, McLeod, 70 day* from
Newcastle, NBW.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREKNWOOD—SaiIed Nov 6— Stmr Alcaiar.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov ft— Schr Metha Nel
hon, hence Oct 2".
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov 6— Nor stmr
Aker, from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 2— Stmr Taooma. for
San Finnoisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Kensing
ton.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Ht-eperia
from Naples, etc: stmr Thingvaila, from Stet
tin and Copenhagen.
Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Kais*r Friederich. from
Hamburg and Southampton.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Groese, from New York, for Brem
en, an.l later arrived at Southampton
VALPARAISO— Arrive* *N*ov C— Stmr Aker
from Port Blakeley, for Ruenoe Ayres (for
oal).
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ' . 3
MOUNT ALP SCENIC RAILWAY
Xeav« San Francisco via Sausalito ferry. •
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1893.
WEEK DAIS— a. m. and 1:45 p. ax. >
SUNDAYS— «.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p.- a.
F*r-» S. W. to Summit and Return, fl 40. !
TUOS. COOK A SON. Affta.. 621 Market st. j J
BAIL ROAD TRAVEL. _■:_*»!
SOI'THRKN PACITIO COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) .
Train* Icnvr nnil an- <!■■« to arrive nt
nan ritAN<:i%<:o.
■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 29. 1899 — arrive
■?:OO& Benicia, Euisun and Sacramento »7:45p
•7H»O*. M.irysville, (>ro»illa via WoodiaDd,
Eliuira, Vacaville and Runisey . . .. t *7:-lsp
•~tO«*.Shaate Express-Davis, Willows,
Keil Bluff, Portlaud *7t4Bp
•7:8Oa Martinez, San ltainon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaliKtoga ami Santa Rosa # 0:I5p
•«i»iOa Tho OTurland Limited— Ogden,
Omaha. Chicago . •3«1»P
••i3IOa Sail .lose, LlvermoTe, .Stockton,
Tone. Sacramento, Placerrille,
MaryaTlllo, Chico, Ued llliiff •4il»l?
•9>»Oa •Milton, Oakdale and H0n0ra....... »-l:13p
•9:00 a HaywßTils, Niles and Way Stations. •! 1:45 a
•1):OOa Atlantis-. Kxpresa— and East # »:45a
•9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Laturop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno M2tl3p
*9iooa Port Costa, Fresno. Mojuva and Los
Annel.il # 0:43p
•lOiOOa Vallvjo. Martinez and Way Stations *7:13p
•1 1:0Oa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. *2x43p
*ia:OOM Kilos, Litermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, llanford, Visalia,
. PcrterTlllo M:i3p
fl:OOr Sacramento Steamen |N:OOp
•3:00p Hay wards, Niles &nd Way Stations. *3:43p
•4:00l> Martinez, Kan Uanion, Vallejo,
Nap*, <JalUtoga,.Baiit*Uosa # »j154
•4««»r Benicia, VacavilV, Sacramento,
-* . Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Maryntlllp, Oroviile •10:43*
•4iBOpNllea, San Jose and Stockton *7il3p
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
liakersQeld, Saugus for Santa Bar-
bara, Lob Angeles •»t4»\
•si3op Stockton, Merced, Kresno •l«:lil»
•Si'JOp Fresno, lialteratielil, banita Iliirliara,
Los Angeles, Doming. El Paso. m
Now Orleans and East •8«4»a
•SiSOp Santa F« Itoulo— Atlantlo press
forMojave and Kast If? ! f? r
•6:OOp Hay wards. and Han Jose "' l4 2*
+Os SO c Vallejo *l«slt»P
•GiSOe Oriental Mail-Oeden and Ea»t ... . . •»»»•»
17: OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlons. • •••■ J»«»»P
•S:o3p Oregon and California X * press, Nao-
rm.iento, Marjsvlllo. Redding.
I'oi'tlmid. Pnget .Soiiml anil Kant *»tlg|
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
*8t 10 A Newark,CentcrTilie,«an J Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way m -. mm
Stations : ■■■■■ •«•»•»
t2ilBp Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Feltoa, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
StLtiODS yl Vt*»tf A
Mil Newark, Sa'n' Joee.'Los Gatos. •»»*<>*
kllitSp Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jose and
WayStaUons t7tBOT
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
rr»mSl« FRaHCISCO— Foot or liirkit Str«t(SUp »)—
•7-15 9:00 11:00 a.II. 11:03 •2:80 t*:o9
-•1:00 t5:00 ♦6:03f.M.
fr.mOiIU!ID-rootorßro»iw»j.-'fi:oo B<K) 10:00 a.m.
tI2;OQ "1:00 12:03 *3:00 <i:00 "3:00?. *.
COAST DIVISION (Broad flange).
(Third and Townaciul St«.) _^
♦6:IOa Ocean View, South Han Frandscp.. f6:»OP
•TiOOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wedneßdaysouly)....... •»«••»
•9.00 a Sau .lose. Tr s Pluos, Santa Urns.
Paclllo Grove. Paso Koblea, Ban
Luis Oblspo, Surf, Lompoc and
V - Principal Way Stations li'll*
•l»i4O* Ban .lose and Way Stations •« Mj
•I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations..... ... •SiHOP
ia:4Or San Mateo, ltedwood, Memo Park.
Palo Alto. BanU Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos. Santa Cnir. Ballnaa.
Monterey mid l'acifle Grore tlOijHU
fSiSOp Han Jose and Way Stations ........ TJ : 0 *
flilSr San Joseand Principal Way B tat ODi *» ! *
. istOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations +»»•«*
•3:: tor San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8 :»»*
•G::iOp San Jose aud Way Stations i2L« A
Hl:43r San Jose and Way Stations • < »3Op
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Hun.lay excepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
r •>
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
! Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
5:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY, BATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
TRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 5:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, Vlsaila,
Tulare and Eakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 628 Market at., telephone
Main 1531.
Oakland office, 118 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J street.
Pan Jost> office. 7 West Sa nta Clara street.
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTERN IT. CO,
T-iEJSSIDEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Perry, Foot of Mark** 6«.
SAN FRANCISCO "TO SAN RAFAJfIU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:35.
8:30, t:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:5»
and 11: SO d. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, «:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 1J:4B,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6 : 3." p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
| 8:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
lame schedule as above.
■ Leave I Arrive
San Francisco, In Effect San Francisco.
October 15, ■-
Week I Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
J Days. days. Destination day*. Days.
! 7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
i 3:30 pin 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
! f :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roea. 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
Fulton, '
; 1:20 am Windsor, 10:86 as*
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
yrSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm C:X2 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am . Uklah. j 7:83 pm 8:82 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneTiHa. . 7:35 pm,
; 8:30 pm , ,6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ; 8:05 pmj 6:23 pm
7:30 am; 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcaggs
Springs; at Clcvtrdale fop the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Hay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. . Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day*!, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvUle, OTr'i
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
WeBtport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming s, Eell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
-Scotia ami Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
1 On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle b4dg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:OO. »»:30, U:W a. m.: »1:4«,
I •8:40, 5:15. 6 00. 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 8:00 and 11:30 p. m. ■ .
SUNDAYS— 00. •10:00. 11:80 a. in.: 1-.U,
8:16. »4:45, 6:80. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
1 WEEK DAYB-5:16. '6:35. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.j
n»:»0. 2:15. *3:40. "o:!? p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6 40 and 10:16 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:20. '8:00. •l 6:00. »U:45 a. at;
•1:40 'J:l6. 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from SanQuentin.
TROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN TRANCI3CO.
WEEK PATB-SMS, 8:45. 7:66. 8:45 a, m.j
12-15 2-36, 1:46, 6:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday* an 4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m. 12:06, 8:15, 1:1*.
***- <:4£ p. THROUGH TRAINS
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. — Tomales and 'ay stations,
i t;M a, m. »-Xomale» and way »;atiuaa»
1112
STEAMER DORIC
CARRIES SILKS
WORTH MILLIONS
Most Valuable Cargo
Ever Brought Here.
HARD TIMES OFF CAPE HORN
MAXY SHIPS PUT tNTO PORT
STANLEY IN DISTRESS.
fconie Vessels of the Coast Fleet Over
due — Barbound Schooners Get
Out of Grays Harbor
in a Bunch.
The steamer Doric arrived from the
Orient a day ahead of time yesterday.
She made the run from Hongkong In 27
days 10 hours, via Yokohama 16 days 12
hours and Honolulu 5 days hours. She
brought up li cabin and 15 second cabin
passengers and 319 Chinese, besides the
most valuable consignment of Bilk ever
brought to this port. She carries 2346
bales of the raw material, valued . at
$2,500,000. From Yokohama she carried to
Honolulu GoO Japanese, who will be dis
tributed among the various plantations.
When tuo Doric was a day out from
Yokohama she passed the transport St.
Paul, bound In. The St. Paul should
therefore reach San Francisco this week.
The transport Indiana, with the Tennes
see troops aboard, was left at Nagasaki.
She was to leave for Ban Francisco on
October 2-i, and will probably not reach
bexe before Monday or Tuesday next.
Among those who came up on the Doric
■were lx»»-d JBalcarrea, who has been trav
eling tnruusU Kus»ia and Siberia with
Trunibo White of Chicago: Airs. F. A.
Beatty, wife of Lieutenant Beatty of the
Monterey; Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Bay
ke» of ;be Tennesjsee regiment: Captain
\WH. Anderson, U. B. A.; Major C. W.
McCawley, Lulled States marine corps,
and Mrs. W. H. A very, wife of the Pacinc
Mail Company's agent at Yokohama.
Vessels from Europe and Eastern ports
for Pacidc Coast ports are having a card
lima of It rounding the Horn. Cable dis
patches from Lonudon to the Merchants'
Exchange state that the British ship
Blackbraes, from Newcastle, England, tor
6an Francisco, and the British bark
Beechbank, from Hamburg for Santa Ko
palia, had put Into Port Stanley, Falkland
Islands, with the loss of sails and decks
damaged, and In the case of the Boech
bank the crew sick. The French bark
Emlle Galllne, from Swansea for San
Francisco, had to put back to Kio de Jan
eiro, ajid the French bark Marechal Vil
llers, from St. Nazalre, France, for Port
land, had to put back to Montevideo, both
Vessels partly dismasted.
Shipping men cannot understand what
•was the matter with the American ship
A. G. Ropes. The general impression was
that she was well on her way here and
would arrive the latter part or' the month.
Instead of that a cable to the Exchange
yesterday says that she sailed from Port
Stanley on October 30. Sh« Is now 101
days out from New York, and the chances
are now that it will be January before she
reaches port. There is no telling how
geriously she was damaged, as the tele
pram simply announces her sailing.
The American ship Cyrus Wakelield Is
row out 121 days from Port Stanley.
where she put In for repairs, and 2u per
cent reinsurance is being paid on her.
The general impression ia that she has
followed the Charles E. Moody around the
Cape of Good Hope and will arrive here
in due course.
The bark Ferris S. Thompson and the
Fchooner American Girl left here on Oc
tober ii for Puget Sound. Nothing has
been heard of them since and the owners
are beginning to feel uneasy. The pre-
Vfiiling winds have been very strong from
the southeast and the chances are that
the vessels have been driven past the
Straits of Juan de Fuca and have been
unable to beat back.
There are me fears for the Chilean 1
Imrk Llbertad, now out seventy-five days
from Pinagua for this port with a cargo
of nitrate. She is nn old vessel; built in
IS7I, find was formerly the Persian bark
Prince Hassan. The Libertad is not.
properly speaking:, overdue, but she is an
old vessel and the owners of the cargo |
are anxious.
A big barbmind f>et pot away from j
Grays Harbor yesterday. Among them ]
were the schooners Dauntless, North I
Bend, C. T. Hill, Glen. "Wins' and Wins, |
Twilight. Beulah, Emma Utter and Otille !
Fjord, which Bailed for this port In a
bunch and should make an interesting
rare down the coast.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Fteamers Bertha and Portland are not
going Into retirement this winter. Both
of them have been chartered by the Ore- \
Bon Railroad and Navigation Company to
carry RTain from the Columbia River" to
San Frandsoo. The Fteamer Humholdt. '.
due here to-morrow, will also probably I
M Special No. I— for this week only: R.
W*& Overcoats, cut in the latest fashion, retailed every- wjj
where at $12.50, and good value at that. Offered m
eJPjk this week, as a special trade-puller, for JIL
V* Eight dollars and seventy-five cents, jS
V^ Blue, black 'and brown beaver, blue and black cheviot, tan £&_
££*'* skeleton cloth, gray herring bone, brown melton, French f&>s)
V**^ facing— double-back. We sell them tor more at wholesale. ***$'
f|gj^ 121-123 Sansome St., near Pine, f^^ff
FILIPINOS COMPELLED
TO EVACUATE A HOUSE
miiE troubles of the Filipino
troupe of acrobats that per
formed at the Mechanics' Fair
♦ were again aired yesterday when
Olive Muyot, the female Black
♦ wire performer, secured a warrant in
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest
♦ of Attorney Joseph T. Cornet. 6^
i. Grove street, on the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Cognet was
♦ In court at the time and willingly ac-
companied Detectives Fitzgerald and
♦ Gr&Jiam to the City Prison, where he
♦ was booked on the charge. He
I a on afterward released on his own
a recognizance by Judge Graham. Fitz
[ gerald and Graham are searching fur
♦ • tonzalo de Revas, the manager of the
>upe, as he is wanted on a charge
♦ : felony embezzlement, the complain
g wit:;, fs being the female s»ack wire
♦ performer.
' I iliva was living with her -
the bandmaster, and
♦ 3on at 5 Birch (
nd early Sunday morning C
♦ une to the house and at the point
: thei
♦ street and I
then). They were
;.; .. . - and live with
the trade, ad there Is an Immense ■
■ ty of wheat to move from Or<
Lrtering of 1
vessels has been made necessary by the
; ■ lebla. Be lator ai I 1 leorge W.
Elder having been taken by the Grovern
p irts.
h, the able general manager
Eiumboldt Bteamship Company, re-
Lttle > esterday. Mr. Kal
l^h took the Humboldi from San 1
and, entering into
ietition with the Seattle Steamship
lines for the Bkaguay trade, made a suc
•!' the venture from ' The
Humboldt has been a money-making ma
chine since- she left San Francisco last
s] ring, thanks to Mr. Kallsh's efforts.
The remodeled Bteamer Hancock had a
trial trip yesterday. The Bhip is now one
of the finest of her class afloat and on
her a regiment of soldiers will be as com
fortable as when In barracks. All the >
Improvements. Including :
chocks, have been added to her equipment ■
rday the experts who went out]
ard the vessel said there was noth
ing lacking and that now she is a model ,
transport.
Workingmen should vote for Hor
ace Davis, the man who fought
against Chinese immigration and sac
rificed his large business interests in
the Orient for the sake of preserving
American white labor from the com
petition of coolies.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1899.
the rest of the troupe. Oliva alleges
that Cognet's action was caused by
his desire to drive her out of the city,
as De Revas got $300 worth of Jewelry
from her ar.d $400 in cash, which she
had hoped he would repay her, as he
was to receive $1000 from his father in
Spain In a few days. Cognet, she
s i\ s, wants to get the $1000, as De Re
vaa la engaged to marry his sister-in
law. De Revas had been on intimate
terms with her since she was 13 years
old and she la now 17. Cognet had re
ceived a lot of .money for legal ser
vic< B and fur acting as Interpreter.
Cognet denies using the revolver
1 Miva. He says that he has been
the attorney and friend of De Revas
the troupe came here, and he
■ that De Revaa is engaged to
many his Bister-ln-law. That was the
reason why Oliva had brought the
charge against him, as she was in love
with I>< Revas. "It was at my sug
gestlon," said Cognet, "that D< Re
sed the cottage at 5 Birch ave
nue. Th. landlord came to me Satur
day and Insisted that the other Fili
pinos living there should remove from
• . • I went Saturday am
them that they must leave, and after
BLOODY MURDER
IN TURK-STREET
LODGING-HOUSE
Woman Strangled and
Stabbed to Death.
■ •
DELLA O'CONNOR THE VICTIM
PAUL DE BAUGE USES ROPE AND
DIRK ON COMPANION.
•
Habitue of Thalia Concert Hall Killed
by French Cook Just Back
From the Klon
dike.
Paul do Ranprf>, a French cook, living at
1010 Mission street, murdered a woman
known us Delia O'Connor, a habitue of the
Thalia Beer Hall, in a lodging-house at
14 Turk street, about 1 o'clock this morn
ing.
The crime remained undiscovered for
nearly an hour, during which time De
Bauge remained In the room with his
victim and defied the efforts of the oc
cupants of the house to take him a pris
oner. He was finally taken by the
police and lodged in the tanks
;at the Central police station, where he
! was charged with murder. The murderer
nearly severed the woman's head from
her body with a long dirk. According to
people who occupied rooms close to the
scene De Bauge took the woman's life
because he believed she had robbed him
of $10.
The landlord of the house, William An
i derson, says that the O'Connor, woman
j has paid rent for the room nearly six
I months. He says that about 11 o'clock
! to-night De Bauge entered the room with
r the woman, and about two hours later
; the murder happened. John O'Connor,
who lives with the woman, came to the
door shortly after the crime was com
mitted. He found the room dark and
knocked for admittance. The murderer
I answered O'Connor and told him that he
' had killed the woman.
O'Connor on being refused admission to
the room called the police, who battered
down the door. A terrible sight pre
sented Itself. The woman who had evi
dently been struck while on the bed, was
lying on the floor weltering In blood. A
rope around her neck told that her mur
derer had tried to strangle her before he
used his knife.
The murderer made no resistance after
the police entered the room, and was
taken to the Central station, while the
body of the unfortunate woman was
taken to the Morgue.
De Bauge made the following statement
at the prison:
"I am three weeks from the Klondike.
I met the woman and went to her room.
While my coat was on the lounge she
reached for it and took $10 out of the
pocket. I remonstrated with her to no
i effect, and when I tried 10 take the money
I away from her she got my finger in her
I mouth and bit It badly. I then took a
' rope that was tied around my waist and
choked her and then became crazy and
pulled my dirk and cut her neck several
De Bauge had washed and dressed him
self while -in the room after the murder,
as his toilet when arrested " was com
plete.
Steamer Australia Arrives.
The steamer Australia arrived In port
from Honolulu this morning at 1:30 and
dropped anchor In the stream.
Physicians recommend Jesse Moore "AA'
whiskey because they kirm- <■{ its purity.
■ »ii
Y. M. C. A. Camera Club Opening.
The new quarters of the Camera Club
department of the T. M. C. A. In the as
sociation building were formally opened
they had done so I locked up the +
house and put the key in my pocket.
I went around Saturday night late T
and found Oliva, her Bister and a boy
in the bedroom.- I told them they j
would have to leave, and they prom- ♦
ised to do so next morning. I was <*
. away when I heard a noise In 4
the kitchen and found Marcos Tunsol,
the bandmaster, and his wife there.
1 asked them what they jwanted and
Tunsol said ho was going to Bl<
there. 1 told him to get out and he ♦
rolled up his sleeves to tight me. He ,<■>
is a bigger man than I, and 1 pulled #
a small revolver, which was unloaded, '
<.ut of my pocket and warned him that 1
1 would kill him If be attempted to *
strike me. He got scared and ran out 4*
of the house, followed by his wife. ♦
Ollva and her sister heard the
ami when they saw the revolver th<
also ran out of the house. 1 went
after Oliva and her sister and begged *
them to Btop In th.- house till next ♦
morning, but they refused and went I
with Tunsol and his wife to the Pa- "
vllion. The story that De Revas bor- ♦
rowed monej and jewelry from Oliva ..
1 know to be untrue. On the con
trary, he has spent all his money on *
the troupe, and has even pawned h
j( welry and some of his 1 lothes."
last niKiit, the feature <if tne evemni
Ing a lecture by Henry Payot on "Rome."
illustrated by stereoptlcon views. At tne
conclusion of the lecture the large au
dience Inspected the club parlors on the
floor of the building, which hre
handsome]} fitted with every convenience.
« ♦ »
MAYOR PHELAN
STATES THE ISSUES
What Success Will Signify.
In view of the false Issues raised ami
persistently advocated, I desire to say
that I and my colleagues will construe
'■■ our success a: the polls as an lnd.-rse
ment of our official acts ami the policy
we have > stablished in expelling bussisrn
and fir;!. .rat.- control from the City Hall.
and aiso as a rebuke to the gentlemen
w!ii are Becking to destroy the principal
featun • new charter, which, in re
quiring city elections separate and dis
■ tlncl from national elections, designed to
; Insure a dispassionate business discussion
<>r' local affairs uninfluenced by mere par
tisan zeal, which in the past has carried
men Into office without respect to their
• honesty or fitness, to the great Injury of
our city.
I believe with the true and disinterested
friends <>f the charter that separate mu
ll elections are necessary for gooj
municipal government, and I ask the
people, by their votes, to determine their
policy in this respect. If the attempt to
force national issues into city elections Is
not rohiike,! at this time, the -reat beno:
iits oi the charter will be lost.
Notwithstanding false statements to ihe
| contrary, the bi-partisan boards and the
civil service it. .visions give no party ad
var.tage to either side in the .natter of
patronage, which the charter ha-; wisely
aoFtroyed, unless the Mayor prjv.^s false
to his oath of office. The Mayor has out
thirty-three direct appointments. Civil
service rules regulate the appointment of
aU the others, and the present .nembers
of the School, Police and Fire depart
! ments are secured In their positions by
the charter on good behavior, and . annot
be removed without cause after a trial
if elected I will be loyal to the chaiter
ai d endeavor to firmly establish Its pr.'n
cJpleh and with least friction Introduce
tne reforms which it contemplates, acti-ig
, \ui. lly In full sympathy and accord with
i us- purposes and objects.
JAMES D. PHELAN.
SARDINES AND SPRATS.
When the Latter Are Sold as the
Former They Must Pay the
Full Duty.
I'nited States Circuit Judge Marrow
•'lay handed down an opinion deny
ing; the application of Wieland Brothers of
San Francisco for a rehearing In tne
matter of an importation "of sprats in oil
being appraised as sardines in oil.
On June 14, IS9S, Wieland Brothers im
ported from Bordeaux. France, to San
Franotsco a lot of sprats in oil packed
in sardine boxes. Customs Collector
Jackson classified them as sardines, 'ihe
Importers protested and contended that
they should be classified as "fish in cars
in a otherwise enumerated and provided
for." The latter classification wnuld save
$1750 to the importers. The classification
of tht; Collector was sustained by the
Board of General Appraisers at New York
and the importers appealed to the Circuit
Court.
Testimony of grocers was to the effect
that the sprats were sold as sarulnea at
a lesser price than sardines prcper, ana
that they bought them as sardines. The
boxes- were also labeled "Sardines a'huile"
(sardines in oil).
The court delved Into the lchthyological
department of natural history and denned
"sprats" as the young of the herring.
Sprats and sardines -belong to the same
family— tint of the Clupeidae — and sprats
are sold as sardines of inferior quality.
Sardines being 'the commercial term un
der which they were sold, the fourt de
cided that they must pay duty as sar
dines.
A LETTER FROM A. S. HALLIDIE.
1032 Washington street, San Francisco,
November 5, 1899.
I protest against foisting national or
party politics into municipal elections.
Against sacrificing the principles of civil
service and Ignoring tried and faithful
public servants. Against affiliation with
a meretricious political boss.
ANDREW S. HALI.IDIE.
A Citizen of San Francisco.
A New Bailiff.
Thomas F. Barry Is no longer bailiff in
Jtirlpp Mogan's court. Yesterday the
Judge appointed Patrick Stevens to the
position, and he at once entered upon bis
duties.
DEPARTING TO
COMING TROOPS
CROSS PATHWAYS
Nevada Cavalrymen
in Camp.
FIRST OF THE FORTY-SECOND
IT HAS A PECTJLIAR AJSTD SIG
NIFICANT DISTINCTION. ,
»
One of the Few Volunteer Infantry
Regiments Commanded by a '
Regular Officer of
Infantry.
Two volunteer organizations wont Into
camp at the Presidio yesterday, one
bound warward, the other for home.' One
was the troop of Nevada cavalry, just ar
rived after honorable and arduous service
In the Philippines-; the other was the For- j
ty-Becond Infantry, which came hi early j
yesterday morning from Fort Niagara,
New York, where it has been recruited.
The men of the Nevada cavalry reached ;
the Presidio alter eating breakfast at the
Palace as the guests of Hon. Frank G. k
Newlands. Governor Sadler, Fred Sha
ron, Judge J. C. KirkpatricK and Captain j
Dennis Geary were also guests. Thje tables
were laid In the conservatory of the hotel,
and after the hungry cavalrymen had tin
ished their raid upon the menu there were
speeches by the Governor, by Mr New
lands, by Captain Linstbtt, commander of
the troop, and by others ol the guests.
The record ot the command was refi
to in the highest terms, and the men were
congratulated on the manner In which
they had added to the fame of their Slat.'.
Horses for the troopers had been pro
vided by the Presidio, and after tho
breakfast the men mounted and were es
corted to the camp at the post, which will
be their home until they shall be mus
out before the end of this month. Captain
L-instott hopes tne date will not be later
than November ii>, tut a may take longer
than that to get the troop away. The pa
pers of the command are in excellent
shape, and there will be no delay caused
by the officers and troop clerks.
The Forty-second Regiment enjoys the
distinction, common to but six of the
twenty-four volunteer infantry reglmi
of being commanded by an Infantry offi
cer. Its colonel !s J. Milton Thompson, a
major In the Twenty-fourth United States
Infantry.
The fact that only nix of the twi
tour m« regiments are c mmanded by
Infantry officers Is emphasized by the
fact t hai ■ l< ■ en of 1 hem are commanded
by cavalry "'ti' i lx by artillery
officers. The odd one remaining is the
Thirty-ninth, commanded by Colonel Bul
lard, who was a commissary of subsist
■
There has been a great deal of dissat
isfaction among offlcej intry over
the fact that th< li ai m ol the Bervlce
received bo little attention from the Gov
ernment when It came to the Increase of
the Infantry force bj the mustering in of
volunteers. Th. Twenty-sixth, Twenty
ninth, Thirtieth. Thirty-first, Thirty
fourth and Forty-second regiments are
r.immaudtd by infantrymen, but that
Is all.
In the natural cours< of • v< nts it would
Beem that the proper officer for
the command of an Infantry regi
ment would be one trained in that
arm of the service. The drill of the
infantryman has very littlo In common
with thai of the mounted soldier, and If
the artillery officer pays proper attention f
to tiie technicalities of his specialty he
has but little tim. left for a stody of :he
finer points of the fool soldiers 1 tactics.
The infantry officers consider that th y
should have had the preference In the
appointments to the new regiments, and
they feel bitterly the way In which they
have been Ignored. Kb the regimen -
new stand, the war in the Philippines will
i.c a war of infantry led by cavalrymen.
Hut six companies "i th.- Forty-second
They comprise the first battalion
under Major W. < '. Brown, who is also
in command of the detachment and two
companies of the Becond battalion. 'I '<.>•■
remaining *ix companies are coming on
under Lieutenant Colonel Beacom, but
the trains bearing them were mixed up
in a wreck and so have been Indefinitely
delayed. Then were no casualties of any
quei cc. 'The companies in are A, B.
i\ d, F and <;. They nave all had a fair
amount of practice on the ranges at short
distances, and they are all well drilled.
They will be inspected within a day or
two.
Captain William C. Bennett of the Six
teenth Infantry has been assigned to tem
porary duty with the recruits at the Pre
; ending his assignment to Manila.
First Lieutenant Rogers F. Gardner of
the Third Artillery has been relieved as
judge advocate Of the general court
martial now sitting at the Presidio, and
First Lieutenant I.rKoy Kltinge of the j
Sixth Cavalry has been assigned to the
duty.
First Lieutenant George W. Moses of
the Fourth Cavalry has hern assigned tv
duty as adjutant of the recruits now at
the Presidio.
FEAR FILIPINO BULLETS
East Indian Crew of Transport
Pathan Go on Strike.
Twenty-one East Indians employed as
oilers, coalpassers and firemen on the
British ship Pathan, recently chartered
by the United States to carry troops to
the Philippines, were put in irons yester,
day morning by order of Captain Butler
because they objected to going to .Manila.
The Kast Indians Bhlpped at Singapore
in September for an eighteen months'
voyage and arrived in San Francisco via
Australia about two weeks ago. They
are, according to their own statements, a
cowardly set and when they learned that
the steamer was going to Manila they
Immediately went to the captain and
asked for their discharge. Captain But
ler declined to accommodate them and
they refused to work, whereupon they
were locked up and put on a bread and
water diet until they should think better
of the case.
In the afternoon the captain brought
three of the men ashore and took them
before the British Consul. The latter ad
vised them to return to duty, but their
fear of Filipino bullets was greater than
their drend of immediate punishment, and
as soon as they got outside the consulate
they took leg bail. The other eighteen are
still in irons, and the deserters have em
ployed counsel to secure their release.
The deckhands on the Pathan are all
Malays and have no fear of the Filipinos,
but every reference to the pugnacious
islanders send? shivors chasing up and
down the spinal columns of the East In
dians. They admit that this fear is the
sole cause of their refusal to remain with
the steamer for the full time specified in
the agreement signed by them when they
joined the vessel.
Captain Butler is In the same position
sub the masters of the Pacific Mall steam
ers were when the Chinese crews refused
to go to Manila. The coolies could not be
discharged here, as their contract called
for a discharge in Hongkong. On the City
of Peking Captain Smith decided to take
the strikers to China in irons and there
discharge them. The Chinese gave in
1 Captain Butler cannot discharge his Las-
I cars here, so he must take them to a
British port, and as they refuse duty they
must remain !n irons. The men will* prob
ably go to work in a day or so.
A Card.
Don't forgot to vote for Zinkand's tn-dny as
the best place in town for lunch and dinner •
Entertainment and Ball.
An entertainment and liall will he
given by Potrero Council Xo. 74, Y. M. 1.,
on Thanksgiving evening in the Potrero'
Opera-house. Eighteenth and Tennessee
streets. Following is the committee ap
pointed to make the necessary arrange
ments: E. M. O'Donnell. Frank Ray
mond. D. P. Cronin. J. A. Strain Jr M
Lacey, N. Gallagher and <\ Kenneal!y
Vote for the candidates of the party
of prosperity. Let us have no calam
ity howlers or demagogues in office.
Dr. Parker's Pniißh Cur?. One dose will utop
a couKh. Never fails. Try it, 2Sc. All druggists.'
Hales.
purchaser"" in^thl jW **zf<*~ — - I^^*^ in dollyland are
cloak dep't this ~"« '">CD GOOl>* — worth bringing the
week— ask for 1.. | 936| 937] 989] gii 943| g46i 94 , children, to see.
I 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 I
' Market Street. •
new dress goods and new trimmings to go
with them — and the notions every one needs.
dress goods
new Stewarton cheviot plaids, just
in; fifteen new colorings, in the fall
fancies now demanded; just the
goods for separate skirts; 4S inches
wide $1.25 yard
all-wool serges, in navy blue only;
42 inches wide and regularly a good
value at 65c 50c yard
all-wool fancy cheviot suitings; a
wide range of colorings, including all
that is new this fall; 39 inches wide..
50c yard
crepons have the call in black
goods: a new arrival in new designs;
a very silky finish; at Ssc yard
notions
horn bones, 8 and 9 Inches long; 1
dozen in a package 5c package
cloth-covered corset clasps. 5 hooka;
a good strong clasp 5c pair
ladies' hose supporters, fancy frilled
double Fid<=> elastics, with button fas-
tener; in pink, cardinal, blue and black
10c pair
1000 boxes japanned wire hairpins,
60 in a box; while they last 2c box
aluminum thimbles, good wearing,
smoothly finished; sizes 7 to 10
lc each
GREAT TRADE
WITH SIBERIA
IS POSSIBLE
W. M. Bunker's Views
of the Future.
Shortly after William M. Bunker sold
out the Report he was matte a special
commissioner of the local chamber of
lerce to visit Siberia and look into
commercial and Industrial conditions of
that country. His first report has been
received here, dated at Paris. Mr. Bunker
that he has traveled to the prin
parta of Siberia, especially those
ms through which the great trans-
Siberian railway Is being built. Remark
able progress has been made on this Line,
which is being built without the aid of
machinery^ but there are still long gaps
in the road where the engineers have seri
ous difficulties to overcome.
Mr Bunker paid special attention to the
Imported products of Siberia and found
that there is a splendid market at all of
the large cities fur California flour, dried
and canned goods ami merchandise o! ail
kinds. Siberians prefer the products of
America to those of Europe, which as a
rule are inferior. In conclusion Mr.
Bunker writes:
After traversing the Russian eriplre from end
to md a distance of 660 miles, and carefully
studying conditions anil prospects, 1 am satis
flnd that unless a tariff shuts out its products
California will pain enormously through the de
velopment of Siberia by the railway. I am
also satisfied that Siberia, undeniably rich in
natural resources, cannot, for many years at
least compete In any way. shape or form with
... Russian-Asiatic trade of San Francisco.
■ stern Siberia wheat Is an inferior article and
the climatic conditions ma..' its Improvement
Impossible. In view of the annual famines in
the empire the probabilities of export would
seem slender Russia contains 8,800,000 square
miles of which one-quarter is in Europe and
the rest In Asia, and thus .ar crop failures in
certain districts have drawn heavily on the vis
it.c supply of wheat in others. The upbuilding
of stern Siberia suggests the rapid develop
ment of the American frontier and I cannot see
why its growth should not continue to help San
Francisco Interests A line of steamers between
San Francisco and Vladivostok would Insure
the market against all comers, and in view or
the Russian-Asiatic trade outlook such a line
should be established.
McKEE RANKIN HELD.
The Actor Must Stand Trial in the
United States District Court for
Not Paying- His License.
McKee Rankin, actor and manager,
maintained an imposing front yesterday
morning in United States Commissioner
Seacock's court in a hostile environment.
We appeared for examination on a crim
inal charge preferred against him by Dep
uty Revenue Collector Flannery of San
Jose tor refusing to pay the theater tax
Of $7 in San Jose recently.
Mr Flannery testified that he had called
upon the actor In San Jose and requested
the payment of his theatrical license and
that Mr. Rankin had treated him with
contumely and scorn. Mr. Rankin made
a statement to the effect that he had
been laboring under a misunderstanding
and was willing to pay the tax. but this
was not agreed to by the prosecution and
the actor was held to answer, with bonds
fixed at $500. The penalty in case of con
viction runs up to a fine nf $500 and six
months' imprisonment. Crittenden Thorn
tun and B. D. Williams went on Mr. Ran
kin's bonds and he was released.
JEWELER HOGG'S CASE.
Died of Apoplexy and His Body Sold
to a Medical College for Dis
section.
Autopsy Surpeon Zabala held an autop
py yesterday afternoon upon the body of
William Hogg, the jeweler, who was Rup
po?ed to have been burled In the potter's
field as John Doe. The autopsy disclosed
the fact that the body had not been bur'ed
by City Undertaker Hagan, but had oeen
placed In the pickling vat of a medical !
college preparatory to dissection. The I
cause of death was found to be cerebral i
hemorrhage and was not due to violence. I
The whole matter will come v j at the |
Coroner's Inquest on Thursday morning :
of this week and Coroner Hill proposes |
to inquire why a man whose name was [
on the register of the City Receiving Hos
pital should be sent to the City i.nd Coun-J
ty Hospital as "John Doe." I
To Satisfy
a juiblie demand the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ase'n has prepared the superb Anheuser-Uusch
DARK, mellow beyond any other dark beer, a
welcome beveraKt*, pure and wholesome.
In the Divorce Court.
Joseph Isaacs was granted a divorce
yesterday from Annie Isaacs " on the
ground of desertion. H. c.\ Angel] has
been granted a divorce from Maud E.
Angell on the ground of desertion. Judge
Murasky has granted Frank G. Gomes a
divorce from Delfina V. Gomes on the
ground of desertion. A decree of divorce
n the ground of desertion has also been
granted Richard Brockman from Ada
Urockman. The action of S. A. Kusel for
a divorce from Caroline Kusel is still on
trial before Judge Murasky. Marguerite
E Hurst has secured a divorce from
Willard Hurst on the ground of failure
to provide. Suits for divorce have been
filed by* Mary L- Pond against Enoch
Pond, for failure to provide; Anna Sco
pesi againsi Carlo Scopegl, on tlie ground
that the defendant has been convicted of
a felony. Annie Graessler against Fred
Grae«-=ler for cruelty: Ellen B. T'phoff
against Frederick W. T'phoff. for cruelty,
and Eugenic M. St. Paul against Am
broise St. Paul, for desertion.
Chas. A. Low. candidate for Police Judge*
Every true Republican will stand
by his party to-day and vote for the
whole ticket.
Fell Through a Hatchway.
John Eagan, a sailor living at 574 Fol
som street, fell down the hatchway on
the transport Hancock, near the Farallon
Hales.
trimmings
colored and black bead edgings, for
finishing yokes and drapes; *4 to %
inch wide 5c to 10c yard
black mohair gimps, serviceable
and stylish for winter wear; a new
lot just in; i^ inch wide 10c yard
1 inch wide 20c and 25c yard
1% inch wide 30c to 40c yard
wool astrakhan band trimming, in
a large range of widths and quali-
ties, from % to 2 inches wide; effec-
tive trimming for fa11.. 20c to 85c yard
colored and black all-wool braid
for lengthening short skirts; 3 inches
■wide; for the skirt length of 4% yards
75c
luster spangled butterflies and
bowknots for appliquing on corner of
drapes and yokes, make exceedingly
pretty trimmings for evening wear; a
large variety of select importations,
showing fall designs in becoming
taste.
Islands, about 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. He sustained severe contusions
about the back and head, but was not
fatally Injured. The Hancock was on a
trial trip when the accident happened
and upon her return to this city Eagan
was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
P. Boland. candidate for Public Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
REPRESENTS AN EARLDOM.
Heir of the Crawfords Here en Route
to His Home.
Among those who arrived on the Doric
yesterday from the Orient was Lord Bal
earres, a young English nobleman, who
has been traveling around the world for
pleasure. He comes almost directly from
Russia, through which country he has
been touring in company with Mr. Turn
bull White, special correspondent of the
i Chicago Record.
Lord lialcarres is the eldest son of the
twenty-sixth Karl of Crawford, and
should he survive his father will eventu
ally succeed to that title, which is one of
the oldest and most famous in the entire
Uritish peerage.
The heir to the earldom of Crawford is
a young man. having been born in IS7I
He was educated at Eton and afterward
at Magdalen College, Oxford, and it is a-i
' of finish to his education that his
present trip around the globe has been
undertaken.
Lord Balcarres will spend a few day^
siehtseeing on the coast and then will
journey leisurely toward his home, visit
ing all the points of Interest in the Unite 1
States en route.
Indies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post ft.' • .
Italian Fisherman Drowned.
The body of Michael Reidy, an Italian
fisherman, was picked up by George Gun
ther off Fort Point yesterday morning
and taken to the Morgue by I>• ;
Gateley and Flanagan. The bodj
been in the water since Sunday morning.
The deceased resided with his" family at
2111 Mas..n street, and it remains y,
be determined how he cam.- to his
—whether by accident or suicidi
was 62 years of age and a native of i
Me was a cripple and had lived v
Francisco for a number of years.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole for Coroner. Dem. •
Engineer Guinn Weds.
A pretty wedding was celebrated In the
Windsor Hotel yesterday evening. The
contracting parties were George Guinn
and Miss Josephine Denny. Mr. Guinn is
chief engineer of the City of Sydney.
while Miss Denny is prominent in locai
society circles. The parlors were tasti -
fully decorated, the colors of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company being plenti
fully used. The ceremony was performed
by Rev. Father McDonough of Minne
sota.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| OIL! OIL! OIL! OIL!
j And Lots of It!
Just Waiting to Be Turned Into Divi-
s dends for Our Stockholders.
■ Three large 11-Inch wells contracted
for. work to commence within 10 days.
When such a man as M. M. Ogden,
one of the greatest authorities on oil in
j the United States and field expert of the
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE,
| After a critical examination of a dis-
! trict, and not knowing of whose land he
i is speaking, designates a certain portion
I as being the :
MOTHER SOURCE AND POSSESS-
J ING THE MOST PERFECT CONDI-
TIONS FOR OIL HE EVER SAW;
when such a report is made it Is a thou-
sand times more valuable than if made
by an interested party. We are Justi-
fied In feeling Jubilant, as we have 640
acres In the exact geographical center
of the place designated as the MOTH-
ER SOURCE.
Get full reports of the district at our
office and then you can Judge intelli-
gently of the district and know where
to place your investments.
For a short time we will sell shares
at 3'> c each, but will soon be advanced
to $1. ->•■:-
We ask you to
INVESTIGATE THOROUGHLY.
Mall orders will receive prompt attention.
PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO.,
29 MILLS BUILDING. THIRD FLOOR.
Our stock listed. "Producers' Oil Ex-
change."
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
'aSilr^^Jk. SIB GEARY ST.. be
WSB»S»»-«ea^$2a^ Hyde and Larktn
Kg? 1 "^^fj§i§§p=/ "lnless Extraction..
Iff-. _ „ ,iJi^\ ■ Crowns ....'"'"sa.ou
>4_U T^M^Ji^-' Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) "our
rpecl&lty. Have received TEN first prizes for
tola branch of dentistry. No student*. . 18
»«*ra* «xp«ri«nc».
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BURBERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of students
MONDAY. Octobtr 23.
For further particulars address
8. W. DENNIS. M.D. D.D.S., Dean,
416 Parrott building.
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M. M.D., Sec-
retary. 1121 Butter st.
VfcYT »^/-» Painless treatment. Per-
B 111 L\ manent cure. Entire time d»-
mf\ t*' X voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
it MJS J L I erences those cured. No sur-
* MM * M *+' gery. A. J. AT KINS. M.D.
835 Suttcr st.. Sin Francisco;
. hours, 1 to 3 p. m.
DR. •CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
j)!n:.:ts of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forti
years to cure SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples and pur:./ the blood.