VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 10.
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD
COMES BACK TO CALIFORNIA
BEFORE JEFFRIES
FITZSIMMONS GOES
DOWN IN DEFEAT
JAMES L JEFFRIES, Champion of the World.
NEW YORK, June 9.—Fitz
simmons, old I dog
that he is, went once
often to the ring .
Jeffries, the i alif< >rnia boiler
maker, knocked him out after a
terrific battle in the eleventh
round. Fitzsimmons had been
dazed in the tenth and had been
knocked down before that.
"Jeff," a perfect Hercules, who
had been out-pointed early in the
fight, showed his great n
tive powers later, and while
champion followed him up close
nd tried to land a decis
blow, he received it himself and
1 alifornian was hailed
npion by from eight to ten
thousand maddened spectatoi
Flush to Fitzsimmons' jaw
5' awful left. The
champion was stunned. His
mighty arms fell a little from
their true p< isition. In an instant
Jeffrie-' righi shot right across
and the mighty Fitzsimmons was
n and out. i [c fell on his
face, rolled over on his .side and
then >1< ■ upon his hack. His
lanky form si find his anus
lay wide open on the floor.
Bleeding and unconscious he lay
in the dust where his good right
arm had sent man) a man before
him. His gameness had been
great and admirable.
He was practically a beaten
man when lie was knocked down
twice in the tenth round. I [is
terrible blows and his greater
agility had wearied the boiler
maker, but as often as Fitzsim
mons landed Jeffries was tired
rather than really groggy.
There is no doubt that in the
ninth round Fitz thought himself
a winner, as he did also in the
The San Francisco Call.
! third. He looked like it and his
backers believed that he had
sized his man up and would soon
land the decisive blow.
But that is the history of all
battles. Jeffries was simply tre
mendous. He is the ring giant
and, awkward as was his stoop
ing position, he landed on the
champion with an ease which sur
prised his warmest admirers. In
fact he proved what Corbett and
other finished boxers had said of
Fitzsimmons, that he is not the
■ most difficult man to hit.
Defeated in what was to have
been and doubtless will be his last
battle, old "Fitz" gave the sport
. ing public what, in their own
language, was the greatest run
i for their money they have had in
a decade. lie was beaten down,
not alone by sheer weight and
tremendous strength, but by a
deceiving style of fighting which
often led him to place his jaw in
jeopardy. In the early part of
the fight, in the fourth and fifth
rounds, the realization seemed to !
come to Fitzsimmons that he
must make a short fight or none.
His boast that we would win in
two rounds was forgotten, as was
Chief Devcry's threat that he
would stop the bout after the
first hard blow.
Fitzsimmons went to the floor
four times in all. and he was often
bathed in his own blood, but the
Chief of Police sat through it as
it was predicted that he would
until the heart-broken seconds
carried Fitzsimmons from the
ring and brought him back to
sensibility. Then the champion
knew that the mighty shout
which shook the building and
which rang in his dulled ears was
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
not for him and, leaning his head
upon his hands, the man of iron
wept like a child.
Experts who watched the bat
tle thought Jeffries was done at
the end of the. seventh, but after
that his youth asserted itself and
his tremendous reserve strength
came to his rescue. Fitzsim
mons, on the other hand, was
growing desperate, and in the
eighth Jeffries had something the
best of it. But after the fight was
over the experts could think of
no man in the business to-day
who is at once big enough and
scientific enough to make a good
fight for the boiler-maker. One
thing is certain, no middleweight
can do the trick. There must
come now another giant to fight
a giant. Jeffries is not a finished
sparrer, but he is wonderfully
quick for a man of his tremen
dous size — the quickest big man
sporting men are saying to-night,
just as they used to say of John
L. Sullivan when he was in his
prime.
Jeffries is bigger than Sullivan,
and never was so big a man
trained so fine. Had he had any
superfluous flesh he could never
have stood the pace cut out for
him. But he stood it and im
proved at the very time his
chances seemed poorest.
When Jeffries stripped a
mighty cry of approval went up
from the thousands about the
ring. An old-time fighter cried
out with an oath: "He is the
biggest beast 1 ever saw train. If
he ever gets to Fitzsimmons its
all over."
While there was this jubilant scene
in Jeffries' corner, Martin Julian,
"Dan" Hickey and "Jack" Everhardt,
ihe seconds of Flu, wearing Bloomy
looks, climbed through the ropes and
tenderly picked up the unconscious ami
beaten Fitz and carried him to his
corner and seated him In his chair.
"Fitz" was still groggy when his
Beconds placed him in the chair, and
his head fell forward on his breast.
He was bleeding freely from the mouth
and nose and evidently suffering con
siderable pain. His seconds worked
gallantly over him for several mo
ments, and nlprns of returning anima
tion were visible. Gradually the cham
pion's normal condition returned and
he looked about him in a dazed way.
When he finally realized his position,
that he wua no longer the peerless
fighter of the day, hi? eyes moistened
and tears trickled down his cheeks.
He looked over at his successful "p
--ponent, shook his head and then r-sted
his eyes on the floor. He felt his posi
tion keenly, but his seconds cheered
him, and after a moment he shook off
his feeling of despondency, straight
ened up. and, after petting the blood
wiped off his face and a shower of
water on his face, put on his bath robe
and walked out of the ring which he
had entered the champion of the world.
a beaten man.
Just before "Fitz" retired Jeffries
rushed hi ross the ring and shook hands
with hi- beaten adversary. Time of
final round, one minute and thirty sec
onds.
STORY OF THE* BATTLE
FOR THE CHAMP TONSHIP
There Were Few Bets, and Yet
Never Was Such Interest
Taken in a Ring Fight
NEW YORK, June The early at
tendance at the ringside was not as
good as had been expected. At 8:30 the
great arena, which holds 9000 persons,
was occupied by only about one-third
of that number. But inside the build
ing the mighty hum of lighting talk
arose, and outside thousands pressed
close upon the clubhouse in spite of
the cordon of police, enjoying the fresh
air and waiting within striking dis
tance of the various entrances until
the time of the fight approached.
; Chief of Police Devery went to Coney
Island early and personally supervised
the police arrangements. There was
an army of poU-emen on hand, all the
larger, perhaps, because it was gen
erally said that any Interruption of the
tight would be the signal for a riot
among the ten thousand men inside
the clubhouse and perhaps twice as
many more outside, all hungry for a
fight to it finish that would be no
child's play. Deputy Chief McLaugh
lin was second in command and, chief
oij staff and veteran as he is. he was
everywhere.
A faint blue cloud of smoke began
to dim the electric lights by a quarter
before nine, at which time there was
only a half-light in the arena, as the
fierce white light which was to beat
upon the ring later had not then been
turned on. There was little betting at
this early hour. Men who had talked
fight for a month talked it over again
at the ringside, using the same old ar
guments in favor of their choice. Oc
casionally, when some well-known
Sporting man emerged from the crush
about the $5 seats and made his way
slowly to a box there was a shout of
recognition.
Occasionally a man high up on one
Bide of the ring shouted across to an
acquaintance on the other such pleas
antries as, "Well, I see your finish.
That stiff you are betting on will be.
clone in a punch," and the reply would
come back. "I won't have to walk
home, like you will."
The ring was empty, but a chair in
either corner told where the principals
wen- to be placed, and the supersti
tious, always in evidence, at a fight,
talked seriously with one another
about Jeffries' misfortune in having
the unlucky corner. This simply meant
that Fitzsimmons had won the toss for
choice and presumably had chosen the
corner in which had been seated the
fewest losers in the past.
By twenty minutes to nine o'clock
all of the seats except the most ex
pensive ones were practically filled,
and it was clear the clubhouse, which
Is supposed to seat 8600 persons, would
be jammed to the doors, and now the
hum of fighting talk grew louder and
one could guess at the volleying roar
which ' was to come later when the
fighters appeared and moved to their
places.
Already It was a mighty crowd, and
all seemed confident there would be no
police interference and that they would
see what they had paid and hoped for,
the greatest heavy-weight contest ever
pulled off in the East. A vitagraph
company had a stand erected above the
heads of the spectators about sixty
feet from the ring. Men were ready
and waiting long before 9 o'clock to
seize with their machine every feint
and blow of the big fighters.
The boxes began filling, and here and
there one heard the cry "Two to one
on Fitz," and the reply, "You are on
for fifty or a hundred." .;. ; :
The men rested in their dressing
rooms calmy, according to their man
agers and seconds, but in reality wish
ing the referee had said his preliminary
piece and that the gong had sounded
for the first round. The Jeffries men
at the ringside held out for odds of 2 to
1, and as that seemed a long price to
many, laying was slow for a time.
Later on perhaps in to 7 would better
express the price, which in Broadway
late in- the afternoon had ruled at
about $1000 to $600. By 10 minutes to
9 more than two-thirds of all the seats
were crowded, and those which were
not filled at that time had been sold
and so the managers were not wor
ried on that score.
It was a great crowd, not only sport
ing men, in the general sense, but
bankers, lawyers, doctors and others
foremost in every prominent walk in
life were to be seen around the ring.
The fact that It was down here by the
sea lent more of the old-time 'fighting
I color to the bout than would have been
the case had It been held in the city.
1 The attendance proved that thousands
wanted a fight, pure 'and' simple, and
I cared nothing for the bickerings of the
i politicians of Manhattan, who -tried so
JEFFRIES THE BEST MAN
IN THE WORLD.
That Is the New Champion's Own
Estimate of His Status as a
Prize-Fighter.
? |UEW YORK, June 9.— The fight was never for f
1^ one momentin doubt, so far as I was con
•s cerned. I knew what I could do when I entered
I the ring, and 1 grew more confident every mo- |
I ment from the time the gong first sounded, Fitz |
i never hurt me but once, and that was a hard
| blow in the left eye. His body blows did not 1
I have nearly the force they may have seemed to, |
I In my own estimation, I had the best of every §
I round.
| Fitz was a good, clean fighter and probably |
I the best man of his weight in the country, if not §
: i in the world. I wish him all success for the |
1 future.
1 believe I am the best man in the world $
I and 1 am willing to defend the title which I won
I to-night. JAMES J. JEFFRIES, I
I Champion of the World,
hard to have the money awarded so i
they could get part of It.
Not sine- Corbett and Fitz fought in j
Carson City has there been bo much in
terest in a heavy-weight contest. By
9 o'clock half of the restless thousands
who surrounded the ring were standing
up and discussing one or another ex
pected phase of the coming battle. Tin
old and wise of the spurting fraternity
were surrounded by groups who list
ened intently to every word they let
fall, as, for instance, when "Billy" Ed
wards gave his view of prospects:
"Fltzsimmons ought to win," he said,
'and I think he will, if he is as good
as he was two years ago. He is big
enough to fight anybody in the world.
Jeffries has ymth as his strongest
point, for youth means greater powers h
of recuperation. The betting, I should I ;
say, is about $1000 to $60". Thai means
that most men have a strong belief in
the powers of Fitzsimmons. backed up,
as they are, by his great ability as a
hitter and ring general and his long
experience In the business."
it was announced at 9:15 that the
principals were In readiness and would
enter the ring at 9:30, according to the
programme. The picture machine, its i
manager said, was in fine working
order and would prove a success.
The great arena at this time, a quar
ter past 9, was filled, with the exeep- i
tion of some vacancies in the $L'O seats.
and the hum of fighting talk was he
coming a roar. Men talked louder than
USU a] in order to be heard, and a bab
ble of sound was the result.
Half past 9 o'clock came, but did not
I. ring the fighters. The crowd was on
edge Thm Jeffries moved slowly
through the crowd from the north of
the clubhouse, and a roar greeted his
appearance. But, instead of climbing
Into the ring, he moved on to his dress
ing room and the disappointed crowd
became quieter.
The stage waited for the actors. The
great crowd became impatient. The
smoke cloud which hid the rafters be
cam< thicker and bluer. Twenty min
utes to 1 ( » o'clock and. in the language
! of many, there was still "nothing do
ing." There was nol even a sponge or
! a towel to whet the fighting appetite
of waiting thousands. They began to
whistle and stamp and applaud.
But the coy fighters still kept under
cover. Chief Devery had taken up his
station near Fitz's corner, where the
lieht fell full upon his face and hun
dreds tried to read from his counte
nance whether the men would be
stopped when hard blows began to fly
or whether, as was the general ex-
I pectation, they would go on to a finish.
Jim Corbett arrived near the ringside
at 12 minutes to 10, and a little <jf the
pent-up enthusiasm was lavished upon
! him-, as he moved to Jeffries' corner
and took his seat where he could watch
I and coach his former sparring partner.
; This was the northeast corner. Cor
bett was immediately surrounded with
men who urged him to tell them the
I last news bearing on the battle and
! who wanted a "stable tip. "
The absence of a preliminary bout
tried the crowd's patience extremely.
Most of those present had been waiting
for three hours as they would have
waited for few things on earth. They
wanted to see one or the other of the
! big men pound his opponent into insen
; sibility, and they would wait until mid
night if necessary- False cries of
; "Here they come" moved the great
i throng as minute by minute passed
i and the rinp was still empty. Rumors
I gained ground that the fighters had
i failed to agree on an interpretation of
■ the rules at the last moment and that
! they were wrangling over the matter
' with the referee. Color was lent to this
! by Siler's absence from the ringside.
"Chief Devery leaned far back in his
chair, his eye on a level with the floor
'of the ring, and waited, the most
patient man in sight, and yet a man on
whose shoulders«there was more weight
1 lhan on any one except, perhaps, the
\ principals.
Fitz won the toss for choice of
FITZSIMMONS HAS NO
EXCUSE TO OFFER.
He Can Say Nothing More Than
That Jeffries Is the Best Man
He Ever Met.
NEW YORK. June Q. — "I can't say any more than that
Jeffries is the best man I ever met. He was too big
and strong for me. It is proof positive that youth and
weight will tell in a fight. I can make no excuses.
"ROBERT FITZSIMMONS."
corners several days ago, and selected
the southwest corner, known as the
"Lucky Corner." Many successful
fighters had occupied it in the halcyon
days of the old Coney Island Athletic
Club. In the corner occupied by Fitz
have sat such fisrhters as Dixon, Jack
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MacAuliffe, Griffo, Choynski, Billy-
Smith, George Godfrey, Billy Plimmer
and Johnnie Griffln. Thoy all won their
respective contests. Many old-time
sporting critics who witnessed suc
cesses of the fiphters named in the days
of the old Coney Island Club regarded2
THE OVERTHROW OF FITZSIMMONS
STILL THE
PRIDE OF
HIS WIFE
Mrs. Fitzsimmons Consoles
Wilh the Defeated
Champion.
SHEDS A FEW TEARS
"You Fought Splendidly," Her Com
ment to Her Braised and
Bleeding Husband.
-- -♦
Special Dispatch to The Call
W FORK, June 9.— Mrs. Fitzsim-
Lh Mrs Julian, watched ih"
- husband fron
•: the buildinp. She
. artbroken wh< n she saw
■■•■ hei husband the
rever settled his claim t'> the
entlrelj • ■ o her.
her husband was
Lhe l" i ter of ih, i ontest
.1 >yful up to the time
Ihe t< rrible lefi -hand
swing tha; started him going and the
- • 4 hi' h placi
• : ■ er ehampi m pugilists.
Th< tea '. eyes when
Jeff] s, followed by a
I ■ m huslastic admii ers, pass-.)
The new champion r< • ■••- ■
r his
« hich she ... cepted silently.
When ;t ter Fitzsimmons ap
■ . ■ : aiil bleeding, his wife
,ir'i:s hysterically around his
- • ! him.
spirits. Bob." shi said
"You fought spl< ndidly, and
.zh you > ■ still
■ : -
When asked if Fitz had any plans
for the future, she said:
"No, none that I know of."
Wtvn asked whether he would fitrht
again, she said she h ped not. The
to her she
nd she had hoped hi '. isband
- ago, but he pleaded
with her to let him fight once more,
and .^he unwillingl) cons<
Fitz' ■ r as
Eckhardt, who
fights when the old Coney [stand ■
had : Ihe ai ena, comn
rorably on Fitzsimmons' selection
■ .-!. He said that during the
. club, which . \'. nd
id of two years, he could
• two or three occasions
on which fighters occupying the south
■ comer figured as lasers. When
Tommy R ight his great I
with Hilly Smith he sat in the -
' ■■/. occupi< d. It proved very
lucky for Tommy, and as it will be re
membered in thai contest Smith
had Ryan almost .]••*'■ tted when police
him from a knock-
The polii ites later,
thought better of their action in st<.p
ping est, gave the buys orders
t" £'. "ii again, and !!■■■ preseni
ight champion had Smith in
a 81 ■ i pse wh'-n the police
finally Interfered in the fifteenth round.
The corner is also notable for the fad
that Hilly Plimmer, former bantam
ht champion of the world, sat
there when he won the championship
from "Spld< r" Kelly. It was the first
fight held in the arena, Plimmer's first
fiurht in America, and K*-lly's first <!••-
A conspicuous feature prior to the
fight was the absence of betting, but
few beta being pia 'ed, and they were
all small-sized affairs. Fitz opened a
10 to S favorite, with no takers. The
odds finally lengthened to 2 to 1, at
■which figure several hundreds were bet.
Of the noted betting men very few
were in evidence, bo far as wagers
were concerned. Jeffries' admirers,
vhile believing in many respects he
had an advantage, hesitated about
placing their money owing to his lim
ited ring experience as compared with
Fitzsimmons, and doubting in their
minds as to whether he would have
stage fright or not when he put up his
hands against the "lanky fellow."
There were fewer bets made than on
any heavy-weight championship battle
ever fought In this country.
The New York admirers of Fitz hesi
tated about placing their money, ow
ing to a feeling of apprehension on ac
count of Chief Devery's known attitude
toward fighters. It was remarkable to
B#e such well-known plungers as "Al"
Fmith, Mike Dwyer, Honest John
Kelly, Jimmy Kelly, Joe Ullman, Abe
Levy and Pittsburg Phil, who usually
bet large Bums of money on prize-ring
contests, look on and not bet a dollar.
Prior to the appearance of the men
in the ring a conference took place be
tween George Siler, the referee: Fitz,
his manager, Martin Julian, and Jef
fries and his manager, "Billy" Brady.
There was a long wrangle over certain
clauses in the articles of agreement as
to the probable action of the referee in
the event of certain contingencies aris
ing. The conference lasted for twenty
minutes. At its conclusion the referee
announced that in the event of one
man holding with both hands, the oth
er would have the right to thump
away until he freed himself from the
other's hold. Should both men resort
to holding tactics and become clinched,
the referee agreed to separate them.
It was announced that in the event
of a knockdown the official timekeep
er would count off the seconds loud
enough to be heard by both principals,
thus giving the man knocked down
ample time to rise If he could do so
before the prescribed limit had
elapsed.
After the conference Brady met Mrs.
Fitzsimmons, who was .standing out
side of Fits's dressingroom, and they
shook hands. Brady then Joined Jef
fries in his dressingroom.
It was eight minutes past 10 -when
Fitz, clothed in a bathrobe and carry
ing ■ floral horseshoe, on the top of
which was an American flag, appeared
in the ring. On the floral piece was
worked "Good luck to the champion."
Deafening applause greeeted the
champion's appearance. FUz acknowl
edged the reception by smiling and
nodding to the crowd. After being
seated he pulled a piece of ice out of
the bucket in his corner and began to
chow on it. His seconds Immediately
b<-gan to sprinkle resin in front of his
corner. The champion, after rubbing
his hoes in the resin for several mo
ments, sat down, awaiting develop
ments.
Jeffries entered a few moments later
and he was also loudly cheered. He
wore dark trousers and a red sweater.
On entering the ring he walked to the
FITZSIMMONS
WAS OUTPOINTED
FROM THE FIRST
GEORGE SILER. Referee.
BY GEORGE SILER, REFEREE.
NEW YORK, June ;i. — It was the
same old story about fighting
"Fitz," while defeated, \\ -
disgraced He simply met a younger,
nger and faster man. There was
no time during the fight that Fitzsim
mons looked as though !;•• could win.
Jeffries outboxed and outfought him
from start t-> finish, having i ;
'. ■> ry round. It struck me several
tiir.es during: the fight as though Fitz
simmons thought thf> boiler maker
could not hurt him. He proi
that idea from the fact that "Jim" oc
casionally touched him lightly with the
left. Whenever these blows were de
livered, or, rather, when Fitzsimmons
ived them, he would smile and bore
in. "Jeff" avoided his swings In the
r manner possible.
I thought that from Fitzsimmons 1 ex
perience as a boxer he would land oft
with straight left leads than Jef
fries. This, however, was not so, as
Jeffries countered continually with the.
left and hooked him with his left time
and again without a return. When he
put Fitzsimmons down the first time it
was a straight left-hand counter. The
blow was not a very hard one, but it
happened to catch Fitzsimmons off his
balance and so caught him coming to
ward him. This had the effect of put
ting him down. He remained down but
two seconds, smiling all the time, and
acted as though he considered it a joke.
When he got up he forced Jeffries t«j
the ropes, swinging right and left, but
he failed to land, Jeffries avoiding him
easily. Just prior to the knockdown
Jeffries drew blood, which gave him
first blood and first knockdown. Up to
this time there was no decided advan
tage, "Jim" if anything having a shade.
It looked like anybody's fight when the
men went {• • their corners.
Tommy Ryan from then on began
coaching Jeffries to go for the body
with his right and leave the head
alone; also to keep the left going at
the head with straieht lefts and hooks.
Jeffries followed his advice and landed
often. Some of course, were very
light, and Fitzsimmons, thinking he
had no steam, did all the advancing.
Fit- found this out later to his sorrow.
because as soon an got. within range
Jeffries sent in a hot righthander
which doubled "Bob" up, forcing him
to lean heavily on his opponent and
compelling me to go between them. I
avoided going between them as much
as possible while they were strong
and when there were no very effective
blows delivered. But as soon as a
heavy blow was landed and I consid
ered it effective I got between them as
quickly as possible so as t<> give either
man a chance to win if possible.
corner in the northwest side of the
ring and back, standing heavily on the
boards and testing their firmness.
Walking back to his corner he stood
up and eyed Fitz critically for a few
moments, then sat down and gargled
his throat with a cooling liquid.
Siler, the referee, who quickly fol
lowed the principals, was also cheered.
Fitzsimmons' seconds were Martin
Julian, "Yank" Kenny, "Jack" Ever
ard and "Dan" Hickey. Jeffries' at
tendants were "Billy" Delaney, "Tom
my" Ryan, "Jack" Jeffries, "Jim" Daly
and "Billy" Brady. "Lou" Houseman
iff Chicago acted as timekeeper for
Fitzsimmons, while "Al" Smith offici
ated in a similar capacity for the Cali
fornian. "Alec" Brown of Brooklyn
was the club's timekeeper. "Ren"
Mulford of Cincinnati had been se
lected as the club's timing representa
tive, but he declined to serve at the
last moment.
After "Fred" Burns, the announcer,
had introduced the men, they peeled off
all unnecessary clothes. Jeffries wore
a breechclout, held in position with a
cord. "Fitz's" wearing apparel con
sisted of white trunks, held in place by
a belt made of small American flags.
On the left side of the belt was a ro
sette made of similar material by Mrs.
Fitz&immons.
Fitzsimmons looked at the rosette ad
miringly as he took off his bath robe,
waiting for the signal to begin hostili
ties.
Jeffries again tested the floor of the
ring after having his gloves fixed, took
another cooling gargle and stood wait
ing. He looked perfectly fit. his muscles
standing out prominently all over his
body. Fitz also looked tit and bunches
of muscles were rolling all over him.
The men shook hands, the bell sounded
and the battle for the heavy-weight
championship was on.
LtLK SAJN FKAJSCJISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
Fitz, it struck nr\ was away off in
the distance. Time and again it
.. straighi lead with
hand would land, but Instead of
leading straight he would try a s
or hook, therefore naturally losing
three "!■ four inches In his reach. Jef
fries was clever, and I give him the
credit of being cl< ver.
Jeffries, for a novice, as compared
with Fitzsimmons in experience, act
ed like a master, while Fitz at times
reminded me more of a tjovice by his
wild .- w ings.
In the ninth round "Fitz. " as usual,
was first up, and went in to do or die.
11- k( pt right on top of Jeffries all the
time, but with the exception of landing
his. left twice on the stomach and a
straight lefi lead to the fac he did no
damage. He was more surprised at
Jeffries coolness. Nine out of every
• ghters, having a man in the con
dition thai Jeffries had Fitz in, would
have sailed in and forced the fighting.
The finish can.- lather unexpectedly
after two or three clinches, in which
both delivered blows before they got
straightened up.
Befon Fitzsimmons could gel up hie
hands "Jim" shot a left hook across,
which caught "Bob" on the jaw. The
Mow did '.-I appear to be effective,
still it compelled Fitz to drop his hands
to his side nd look a bit foolish. J.-f
--fries waited an Instant before hitting
him again. Fitz in the meantime wab
bled forward. In an instant Jeffries
Bhot out 'his right hand and landed on
the chin and the champion went down.
He fell rather heavily, and I knew at
a glance there was no necessity for
counting, for the jip was up. Fitzsim
mons fell on his hack, and when 1 got
to the count of five Julian, anxious to
revive him, ran along the side of the
ring with a wet sponge and tried to
sprinkle water on "Bob." Some of it
did reach him, but I managed to gel
between Julian and "Bob" before the
Becond dose reached him. and it was
all over but the shouting.
Fltzsimmons was picked up and car
ried to his corner, where he revived in
a few moments and hung his head in
sorrow. Julian appeared broken-heart
ed, and I an) sure the other seconds fell
equally as bad.
After I had counted Fitzsimmons out
I walked over and grasped Jeffries by
the arm and (.resented him to the spec
tators. It was not necessary to sum
mon the announcer to the ring to de
clare the winner, as everybody in the
house knew as well as myself the re
sult.
Jeffries' victory places him on top of
the pugilistic ladder and with nobody
in sight but Sharkey, whom he will
undoubtedly fight. Should he win, he
will without doubt hold the champion
ship for the next ten years.
Jeffries reminded one of McCoy's
stylo of fighting, crouching and keep
ing himself well together, but some of
his swings were very awkward. Al
though Fitzsimmons was bleeding from
the nose in the third round, he stood
well up to his man. When Fitz did
land it was always well within his dls
tance and one could Bee that those blows
all told. Never before had Fitz fought
with forty pounds against him, but he
did not seem to realize that he was
fighting a giant. Jeffries was doing his
best work with his left, but Fitz was a
real two-handed fighter.
In the fifth round Fitz. a little too
hasty, rushed in and slipped and was
fought to one k;ie>'. but was up lik<- a
dash and worked with both hands. In
Fitz' broad BQuare shoulders was tre
mendous hitting powers. Jeffries had
a bad cut on the left eye, but when he
came up for the sixth round it did not
seem to bother him. His towering
form assumed a panther-like crouch,
but Fitz stood up to him so well that
he appeared to get tired and then
adopted the old ring tactics of the
heavier man by trying to hang on to
his lighter opponent. But the rules
under which they fought minimized
this advantage, which under old-time
ring rules would have been allowed.
At 1 1 1 • ■ dose of the sixth round it
looked as if Fitz had merely to wait his
chance to land a knockout blow. Fitz'
pose was that of a true fighter and ath
lete, head well back, shoulders straight
and both arms well guarding the face
and body.
The nen were in striking contrast to
each other. Dp to this time the lights
were badly managed, now one and now
the other being at a disadvantage.
Fitz was up for the eighth round and
was titst to lead. He landed a left and
right The deep-chested old fighter
looked as hard as nails. When he got
GAMENESS
OF FORMER
CHAMPION
Jeffries Had the Fight Well
in Hand Almost From
the Beginning.
\Yl).\ OX HIS WEIGHT
"Billy" Edwards Says Fitzsimmons
Was in Distress in the Early
Rounds of the Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BY BILLY EDWARDS.
Former Champion Lightweight of the
World.
NEW STORK, June 9.— ln discussing
this wonderful fight, which I am glad
to say has brought the championship
back tv America, 1 am forced to say
that it did not seem to me that the
blows .struck contained the force that
those did that were exchanged at the
tune of bare knuckles. Hut Jeffries is
certainly a big, strong, young man, and
should hold the title for some years. I
will discuss the fight for the Herald
and Call by rounds:
ROUND I— Fitz Leads lightly and jumps
i clinch. Jeffries leads left and
misses, following it with his right, but
causing ii" damage. A brisk exchange
and both clinch. Jeffries leads left and
lust reaches Kitz' ribs. He leads again
and falls into a clinch. Not a blow is
struck which would damage a 10-year-old.
ROUND 2 Jeffries leads off with his
left, following it on the neck with his
riijit. and tiny come t'> a clinch, Jeffries
landing fairly hard with his righi as they
break. Jeffries leads twice with his left
and dances away. Fitz realizes h-- Is uj>
against a hard game. J< ffri'-s leads three
rii.' - with his left, landing once, but with
out doing great damage. Jeffries again
leads oft with his left, followed with a
right swing, knocking Fitz down. It was
not a hard blow, but hard enough to hurt.
Kitz would i > ' • i have fallen had he r i > « t
slipped me moment :.'>• blow was landed.
ROI ND :: Jeffries ducks and comes up
in a'clinch. Kitz lands left and ri^ht .■;,
Jeffries. Kitz lands both hands again and
comes back with a 'third double swing.
Jeffries gives back a light one in return.
Fitz punches hard with his left and thi-n
gs his right, which Jeffries ducks.
Jeffries in forced to duck away from an
■ swing. As the round closes
Kitz lands a light swing with his left and
es with his right. This is Fitzslm
nu'iis' round.
ROUND 4 Jeffries trims and Fitz side
steps. Fitz lands a good strong right re
turn and clinches. .\t the close a right
and ■ hanged. It is hard to say
which has the better of the fight. They
are both confident.
BQI ND 5 Fitz lands a left full In the
face. Jeffries brushes the blood back and
lauds hard on the Australian's ribs. Jef
iande fair on FUz's face. Fitz Bide
st( i>s and rushes to swing. Both land
hard with their rights. Kitz seemfl to be
ih(. more Uit tressed.
KOl'Nl'i &— Fits leads right full on Jef
fries' Jaw, following it with two left
swings to the ribs. Jeffries returns two
harp body punches. Fitz lands two hard
lefts, lull Jeffries' ribs are too hard for
them to do much damage. FHz lands
lightly on the face as the round doses.
ROUND 7- Both cad with riffhtn and
land lightly. J< (Cries lands a hard stom
ach blow. Fitz Is hard hit and hurt, lie
clinches. Jeffries leads and lands. Fitz
lands his riuht hard on the ribs. I bo
lleve al u.i^ point that Fitz Is whipped.
lie i> certainly in great distress.
ROUND 8 Fitz lands right on Jeffri. •;'
head. Leads again with right and left,
but misses. He lands a light left. Jef
fries lands ,i straight left and afain hurts
Kitz's stomach. Kitz is still strong, how
..•!. and hits hard with his left as the
Kong sounds.
ROUND 9— Jeffries lands with left full
on Fitz's face. Fitz comes back with a
hard left on Jeffrie?' nose. "Jim" leads
and ducks. He leads again and misses.
Straightening up he iaiias a hard left on
the face, then comes back again with a
Btronger back-handed blow with the same
wicked left that makes Fitz's bead rock
ROUND 10— Fits leads. Jeffries ducks
and clinches. Jeffries hit? Fitz a terrific
blow on the stomach with hi? right. Kitz
31 • ins to be at his mercy. Jeffries lands
l.ard on the Jaw and knocks Fitz down.
Fitz takes his full time. As he yets up
Jeffries again knocks htm down and Fitz
again tak-s full time to get up. Then ho
tights hard.
ROUND 11— Jeffries leads and clinches*.
He is hurting Fitz in his clinches. Fitz
receives a hard blow in the head. Fitz
leads left lightly. Jeffries comes back
hard with his left and staggers him. Fit*
straightens Jeffries head up with a hard
left en the jaw. Jeffries comes hack with
a hurd right swing that lands full on the
point of the jaw. Fitz Is down on his
back. Slbr is counting him out. There is
no more fight in him.
I have s.cn many a good man lose.
hut never oije more game than Fitz-
Bimmons. His ring career is at an end,
bui a harder tighter at his weight never
lived.
a punch— or rather a push— which sent
him to the ropes, Jeffries could not fol
low him because he was too heavy,
while Fitz came back as light as a
feather. They feinted for a while, Jef
fries coming in and out, Fitz keeping
very close to his man at all times.
Jeffries watched Fitz's left for a while.
Fitz led with the left, Jeffries ducking
cleverly and the blow going over his
back. Then they clinched, and after
breaking away Jeffries let his left go
for the jaw, which fell short. He twice
tried again with the same ill success.
Jeffries let go the left, which fell short.
He was more succesful the next time,
landing lightly with the left on the
nose. Fitz then quickly stepped in and
swung his right hard for the jaw, but
Jeffries ducked it cleverly. Just as the
gong Bounded Jeffries let his left go.
His aim was bad. and the blow struck
the champion's shoulder. There was no
damage done during the round. Jef
fries whs smiling during the greater
part of the round and always seemed to
have control of himself.
Roth men answered the bell promptly
and after spurring for a moment Jef
fries let go his left, scoring hard on the
champion's nose and receiving a hard
blow on the body in return. Jeffries led
again with his left for the body, but
was short. He then backed away and,
assuming a crouching position, sent his
left lightly to Fitz's mouth. He quickly
followed it with a straight left on the
body, and a blow on the nose from the
same member. After he struck a fight
ing attitude Fitz rushed viciously,
swinging his right for the Jaw,
but was short and they clinched. When
they broke away Jeffries sent his left
to the nose, scoring blood, Brady
claimed first blood for Jeffries. Jef
fries kept moving close to the cham
pion, landing occasionally lightly with
the left on the body. Finally, a mo
ment before the bell rang, he sent his
left straight for the body, sending
the champion to the boards. Fitz was
greatly surprised for a moment, but he
quickly got on his feet and started to
mix it up with Jeffries. He swung
wildly for the jaw, Jeffries blocking the
blows cleverly with his arms. The
champion was rather unsteady when
he went to his corner.
Fitz came out of his corner consid
HOW THE WORLD'S
CHAMPIONSHIP WAS
WON BY JEFFRIES
CONEY ISLAND ATHLETIC CLUB, NEW YORK, June 9.— The story
of the fight in detail by rounds is as follows:
10:22 p. m.— Bell rings for round 1. No
weights have been announced, but Jef
fries is easily llfty pounds heavier than
his opponent. Referee Slier has called
tin- principals to the center and they have
shaken hands.
First Round.
Both men in the center of the ring.
They feinted, with Fltzsimmona breaking
ground, Jeffries keeping almost in the
middle of tin- ring- Jeffries was evidently
trying to get his right over the heart.
Fitzslmmons twice led for the stomach
and fell short. Fitzsimmons led left to
the head, but Jeffries ducked cleverly.
Jeffries led left and tell short. Again he
led a left for the jaw, but Fitzsimniuiis
was out of the way.
Second Round.
Fitzsimmons, in the middle of the ring,
made Jeffries break ground. Fitzsimmons
sent his left to the body. Jeffries coun
t.:. i! with a stiff left on the face. Jef
fries tried a left for the body but was
neatly blocked. Jeffries then assumed a
crouching attitude, boring in on Fitzsim
mons and leading his left for the body,
but was again blocked and they came to a
clinch. Jeffries landed two lefts on the
body and shot the left three times to Fitz
simons' face without a return. Fitzsim
mons tried his right for the head, but
was short, and they came to clinch, the
referee going between them. Jeffries tried
a l. fi chop for the head, but Fitzsimmons
ducked safely. Jeffries tried a left swing
for the head and another for the body.
Jeffries tried a right for the body. Jef
fries then knocked Fitzsimmons flat on
his back with a straight left on the
mouth. The champion was up in two
seconds and then the bell rang.
Third Round.
Fitzsimmons looked very determined
when he came up f" : "' this round, with
Jeffries on the aggressive. They clinched
twice without doing damage. Fitzsim
mons tried h right hook for the body, but
failed to land. It was then seen that he
was bleeding from the nose. First blood
was claimed foi Jeffries. After another
clinch Kitzsimmons landed a hard left on
Jeffries' face and repeated it three times,
(.'oming to the center of the ring Fitz
simmons landed a left swing on the jaw
and ;i left hook on the ear. Jeffries came
bai k with a left hook on the side of the
head and they oame to a clinch. After
some feinting Jeffries sent both hands to
the body and drove Fitzsimmons bark
with a left on the chest. Fitzsimmons
endeavored to land a left swing on the
head, and they came to a clinch. ritz
simmons landed a left hook on the body.
Jeffries countered on the face just as the
round ended.
Fourth Round.
Fitzsimmons came up determined and
tried a right swing, but failed to land and
both clinched. Jeffries tried a left for the
r,<-.ek but Fitzsimmons got inside of his
lead landing a left on the wind Jef
fii. s - nf two hard left hooks to the side
of Fitzsimmons' head, jarring the cham
pion each time. Jn the mix-up Fitzsim
mons got his left on the head and right to
the body After some iiddllng Fitzsim
mons' left shot straight to the eye and was
heavily countered on the body by Jef
fries 1 right. A hard right over the heart
by Kitzsimmons was answered by Jef
frles with a left on the neck, and then
Jeffries planted a heavy left on the chest
and Fitzaimmons broke ground He re
turned quickly, shooting his left to the
jaw. This was an even round.
Fifth Round.
FitzsimmonF led off with a left to the
face splitting Jeffries' left eye. which bled
fieel'y Jeffries retaliated with hard left on
th. ear and Fitzsimmons tried his right
for the damaged eye. failing to land. Fitz
simmons tried a left for the head, but
Jeffrie* ducked and a clinch followed.
Fltzsirnmons put a light left on Jeffries'
mouth and forced him to the ropes. They
flinched and broke immediately. Jeffries
tried a left swing for the body and left an
opening which Fitzsimmons failed to
take advantage of. Jeffries sent two lefts
t. the jaw and a right on the forehead
without' a return. Fitzsimmons rushed,
but in trying to side-step went almost
through the ropes. He regained himself
and came back with a hard left on the
r..-.k and a right on the body. Jeffries re
plied with two stiff lefts on the face as he
crowded in on Fitz. At this moment the
bell rant;
Sixth Round.
Fitzpimmons jumped across the ring and
Jeffries broke ground. Fitzsimmons
swung a left for the head, landing .slight
ly and blocked a right lead for the body.
Both tried lefts for the head, but were
short Then Fitzsimmons put his left to
the face and missed :\ right cross for the
law Fitzsimmons. still on the aggressive,
Bent his left to the face, countering light-
Iv on the wind. Fitzsimmons crowded in
with hi-' l<f' for the wind and JeffrieH
crossed lis right to the ear. They broke
from a clinch.' and Fitzsimmons sent his
left to the face and a hard right over the
Injured eye. Another clinch followed and
the referee had to separate them. Fitz
simmons sent his left twice to the head
and followed with a hard left to the chest.
erably refreshed and looked determined.
Jeffries was aggressive, and, leading off
with the left, scored smartly on the
nose, drawing blood. Tie landed again
on the champion's mouth and received
a stiff counter over the heart in return.
They exchanged hard lefts on the jaw.
Fitz kept backing his man toward the
ropes and twice scored with the left
and right on the jaw. Fitz again fol
-Imwedmwed his man, when Jeffries suddenly
supped in and smashed Fitz hard on
the ear. and with the left and right on
the body. The men were now fighting
very fast and both scoring effectively.
At the close of the round both landed
good and hard. Jeffries was smiling
when he went to his corner. Fitz looked
a trifle worried. His nose was bleeding.
There was not a mark on the Califor
nian.
As soon as the men struck fighting at
titudes Fitz sent a right swing to the
Jaw Jeffries stepped back and the
blow went wild in the air. Fitz rushed
the Californian to his corner and scored
on Jim's body. Jeffries then took the
aggressive and scored hard with the
left on the jaw, making the champion's
head rock. Sharp infighting followed,
during which Fitz tried to send a right
on the jaw, but missed, and Jeffries put
his right hard over the heart. Jeffries
.sent his right across to the jaw, but
the blow went wide of the mark. The
fighting during this round was very
spirited, and frequently the enthusiasm
of the spectators went To a high pitch.
As the gong sounded Jeffries was rush
ing Fitz around the ring trying to score
with the right and left on the body,
but Fitz's sidestepping was too clever
and the Californian failed to score.
Fitz came out of his corner on a run
and sent his right hard to the eye.
making a deep gash from which blood
flowed. He followed this with a left
on the jaw and clinched. Fitz was now
the aggressor and rushed Jeffries to the
ropes twice, scoring hard with the left
on the jaw on each occasion.
Fitz again rushed and swung his left
hard for the jaw. Jeffries cleverly
dodged this blow, countering hard
twice on the jaw with the left. Once
Jeffries, in dodging a right swing, left
a bad opening and his admirers
groaned. Fitz tried to take advantage
of the Californian's position for the
moment, but Jeffries just managed to
steady himself in time to avoid a
vicious right swing. When they
straightened up again Fitz again
rushed his man. swinging both hands
hard for the jaw. and in his anxiety to
score tripped and fell. As he was fall
ine: Jeffries hit him a hard smash with
Jeffries fought back wildly, landing both
i.ir.ls outside Fitzsimmons' guard, and
after another clinch Fitzsimmons upper
cut his opponent with his right on tne
Wind This was the last blow of the
lxund. which was in Fitzsimmons ta\oi.
Seventh Kound,
Jeffries \yas a hit slow coming to the
scratch and broke ground, making a cir-
I the ring. Fitzsimmons tried a ngnt
to the bead, landing lightly, and Jerfn-s
got a left to the ribs. Jeffries jabbed his
left to the ribs and got away clean, i hen
the Californian endeavored to land a
straight right lor I he face, but was b'.oc.v
ed neatly and received a left counter '•■■i
the ribs. Fitzsiimnons was on the aggres
sive and sent a left far back on the neck.
Jifiries tried to crowd Fitzsimmon- <>:i
the ropes, but Fitz got away nicely, ''hen
in a rapid mix-up both swung rights ana
lefts for the head, landing lightly. Fitz-
Bimmons hooked a left to the .-id- 1 of the
head ami Jeffries jumped in witn a rlg'i«
hard on the body. Jeffries swim-: left for
t'-." bead, but Fitzsimmons got In-si I
it ami drove his right over the heart when
th( gong sent them to their corners. This
was Fitzsimmons' round.
Eighth Round.
J< ffries was tardy in coming up and the
n feree had to wave hi? hand to him to
come to the center. Hoth men rushed mat
ters without doing damage other than
clinching until Fitzsimmons Bent ins hit
to the ribs and Jeffries hooked two lefts
to the face. Jeffries tried with iris rijiht,
but was caught. Fitzsimmons countering
lightly on the chest. Fitzsimmons put a
straight left on Jeffries' eye. Jeff came
back witli a hard left on the body. Fitz
simmons endeavored to land a vicious
swing with his left on the body, but Jef
fries came back with a similar blow on
Fitzsimrrons' head. Jeffries then bored
in and sent a straight left to Fitz's face,
staggering the champion to the rones.
Nothing of any moment occurred during
the remainder of the round, and as Fttz
simmons walked to his corner he smiled
at his seconds. This was Jeffries' round.
Ninth Round.
Both came up willingly, with Fitzsim
mons the aggressor, i>ut Jeffries sent him
back with a straight left to the face.
Fitzsimmons missed, a left swing for the
bead and received a hard right on the
body. Then they clinched, and after the
breakaway both tried lofts at close quar
ters, Jeffries landing twice. Fitzsimmons,
still on th'- aggressive, was sent back
once more with a left on the body. After
another clinch Jpffries put two smart left
raps on the nose, which made Bob's
nasal organ bleed again; Jeffries played
again for the head smartly with his left,
hitting straight, and then with a back
hand blow brought the left into contact
with Fitzsimmons' nose. Fltasimroons
waited to respond to this and clinched.
Jeffries thon sent his right over the heart
with all his might and had FitZßimrnons
guessing when the hell rang. Jeffries had
decidedly the better of the round.
Tenth Round.
Jeffries came up looking confident and
Fitzsimmons wore an earnest look on his
face-. The Californian was first to land
with a straight left on the body, bringing
it up to the head. Fitzsimmons clinched.
Going Into the clinch Fitzsimmons drove
his left hard to the wind. They did a lot
of fiddling. Fitzsimmons tried a left
swing but went wide and then caught
the Californian a second later with a left
swing on the nose. Jeffries made a left
swing for Fitzsimmrms' head but was
blocked ana then with a left swing on the
jaw he put Fitzsimmons on his back.
Fitzsimmons was very groggy when he
got up In seven seconds, and was knocked
down again with a left and right on the
jaw He came up again in five second and
Jeffrie? rushed him into a corner, trying
very hard to finish the champion. Jef
fries was too anxious and failed.
Eleventh Round.
Fitzsimmons came up slowly, but as
sumed the aggressive. Jeffries standing
off evidently waiting for a knockout.
Tl-ev clinched three times, coming to close
quarters Jeffries put two hard rights
over Fitzsimmons' heart, sending him
back, and then sent a straight left to the
neck following with a left on the chest.
FitZHimmons crowded in, trying his right
for the Jaw. He fell short, but succeeded
In blocking the California's right re
tr.rn Jeffries then assumed the aggres
sive and jabbed his left to the head and
■i left on the taw. These dazed Fitz. who
stood in the middle >f the ring. Jeffries
looked at him for a second and saw he
had him at his mercy. He swung his right
and left to the jaw and Fitzsimmons went
down and out. relinquishing the cham
jimship to the Californian. Time of
eleventh round, one minute thirty-two and
tWO-flfth seconds.
As soon as Fitzsimmons was carried to
his corner the spectators crowded over
th. benches and through the ropes, and
the police had great difficulty in keeping
the ring clear. The partisans of the Cali
femian almost went crazy in the excite
ment, and pandemonium reigned for sev
eral seconds. Fitzsimmons came to verj
quickly and Jeffries walked across to the
defeated champion's corner and both
shook hands warmly. Judging from the
expri ssion on Fitzsimmons' face, he did
not feel much disgruntled at his defeat.
the right over the heart. After reach
ing the Hour Fitz waited until six sec
onds had been counted when he arose
and again rushed, and several hoi
mixes loomed up. all the fighting being
done in Jeffries' corner.
Fitz jumped across the ring, and
Jeffries broke ground. Fitz swung his
left for the head, landing lightly, and
blocked a right lead for the body. Both
tried lefts for the head, but were short.
Then Fitz put his left to the face and
missed a right cross for the jaw. Fitz.
still on the aggressive, bore in sending
his left to the face, "Jeff" countering
lightly on the wind. Fitz crowded in
with his left for the wind and Jeffries
crowed his right to the ear. They
broke from a clinch and Fitz sent his
left to the face, and a hard right over
the injured eye. Another clinch fol
lowed, and the referee had to separate
them. Fitz sent his left twice to the
head and followed with a hard left to
the chest. '-Jeff" fought back wildly,
landing both hands outside* Fitz's
guard, and after another clinch, Fitz
uppercut his opponent with his right
on the wind. This was the last blow
of the round, which was in Fitz's
favur.
For the seventh round Fitz led with
the left for the jaw, but was short
and Jeffries clinched. The referee
again went between them. When he
broke them away terrific righting at
close range followed, during which
both men scored heavily, a clinch clos
ing the rally. With the breakaway
Fitz sent his right hard over the heart
and the bell sounded. As Fitz walked
to his corner he looked back at the
boilermaker and smiled.
Neither showed a disposition to take
the offensive for a moment. Then Fitz
feinted the right and sent the left to
the nose, getting away with a return,
■ritz rushed missed and Jeffries
smashed the champion hard on the
jaw. Fitz did not like the blow and an
angry expression crept over his face.
He looked daggers at the boilermaker,
who showed his utter disregard for
Fitz's anger by again placing the left
hard on the jaw. Encouraged by his
success, Jeffries rushed, scored heavily
on the body and received a hard smash
in return over his damaged optic.
Fitz rushed again, but missed and
clinched. The referee parted them.
After shaping up again Jeffries sent a'
left jab straight from the shoulder
with force and accuracy on Fitz's
nose, causing the champion to carom
toward the ropes. Jeffries tried the
same blow again but was short, and
Fitz hit him hard on the jaw. Jef
JEFFRIES IS
WONDERFULLY
IMPROVED
"Honest John" Kelly Once
Thought He Was
a Dub.
VERY DIFFERENT NOW
Never Has He Seen a Man Who
Has Made Such Great
Improvement.
BY JOHN KELLY.
NEW YORK, June 9.— There is no simi
larity between the Janus Jeffries I saw
attempt to knock out Hob Armstrong at
the Lenox Athletic Club In August
and tin' James Jeffries who put Robert
Fitzsimmona to sleep at Coney Island,
i »ne was a big, soft, painfully slow chap,
that didn't appear to know the first rudi
ments of boxing, though he had been
sparring with Corbeti all through the lat
ter.- training period at Carson City. He
was the laughing stock of all the K<>"d
judges around the ringside, and not one
man in the building had a complimentary
word for him after his really pitiable
showing.
But time, and little of it, has worked
wonders for this overgrown boy. Last
night he was big. strung, shifty, quick
and scientific. A faster or a more scien
tific big man I have never seen. li' hit
like a battering-ram and took hard blows
in return without flinching. He used the
right and left hand with equal force, both
hands .seemingly being alike to him, and
he wanted to fight all the time.
His footwork was simply a revelation,
his improvement in this respect in less
than a year being really marvelous. It
.-•■. mcd last night as if he was all over
the ring a 1 once.
Punishment only made him tight harder,
and the hardest blows Fitz could get in
did not seem to affect him. Jeffries to
day 1b a great fighter. His youth, great
strength, science, qiuckness of hand, eye
ami foot, and above all his fearles
make him a champion worthy of the
title. He should be champion for several
years to come.
Those who remember John L. Sullivan
before and after he fought "Paddy" Ryan
will appreciate the marvelous change in
Jeffries. It was the same with both
men— fat and slow one month, and Wig,
strong and lightning fast the next.
Fitz was in splendid condition, as !.••
always is. but he did not appear I
quite as strong as at (.'arson City. His
judgi of distance was bad— very bad, for
Fiizsimmons.
fries showed more strength and b
in this round. Each man laughed at
the other as he went to his corner.
Considering the rapid pace the men
had fought they both answered the bell
in good shape. Jeffries was the first to
show, leading off with the left and scor
ing hard with that member on the nose,
pushing Fitz's head back. Jeff again
sent the left for the jaw. birt failed to
reach the objective point, and Fitz
countered with a right over the heart.
Fitz rushed for the left, missed and
clinched, and the referee had to sepa
rate them. Fitz then swung his right
hard for the jaw, hut his aim was bad
and the blow went wide of the mark.
Jeffries countered with the left heavily
on the nose, drawing blooti from that
member. Fitz rushed and fell short,
and Jeff smashed him hard on the nose,
sending his head back and making him
generally unsteady in his movements.
The Californian repeated this again and
again. As the bell rang Jeffries landed
his right hard over the heart and sent
his left to the nose with force. Fitz
was bleeding freely from the nose at
the conclusion of the round. During
the round he spat up considerable
blood. Fitz was very tired and almost
on the defensive. Jeffries was com
paratively fresh. It was a bad round
for Fitz.
Jeff was on the offensive, sending his
left lightly to the nose. He quickly fol
lowed with a right-hand blow over the
heart and a heavy left on' the jaw,
which made the champion's head rock.
Fitz feinted considerably for a moment,
trying to draw the Californian into po
sition fur a right swing on the jaw, but
the big fellow would not have it and
carefully protected that part of his
head. They then mixed it up and Jeff
landed his left with terrific force on
the jaw. Fitz was coming at th»> time
that Jeffries swung the blow, so that
the Callfornian got double action and
the concussion was very sev< ■
Ing the champion to the boards. Fitz
fell heavily on his back, his h( ad strik
ing the floor. He arose just as eight
Beconds had been counted in rath<
dazed condition. He had scarcely got
on his feet when Jeff sent him to the
boards again with another left hook
blow. Again tho champion arose before
the prescribed limit bad been counted,
only to be knocked down with another
ADVERTISEMENTS.
''Great Haste is Not
Always Good Speed.
Many people trust to luck
to pull them through, and are
often disappointed. Do not
dilly-dally in matters of
health. With it you can
accomplish miracles. With-
out it you are * *no good.
Keep the liver, ' kidneys,
bowels and blood healthy by
the use of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, the great blood purifier.
Scrofula Sore — "Enlargement of
the arm bone, <with a bunch, proved to be
scrofula. The sore discharged disagree-
ably. Hood's SarsaparilU healed it all
and left me sound as a nut. " Capt. Wm.
S. Barker, Box 8, Wilson's, N. H.
Impure Blood— "My complexion
<was bad. Hood's SarsaparilU has done
me much good by purifying my blood. SMy
skin is now clear." cAnnie T>. McCoy,
Watsontcm>n, 'Pa.
N. B. Be sure to get Hood's because
Hood's Pills cure liver ills : tho non-irrritotlnß and
only cathartic to take with Hood a Sarsaparilla.IS EFFECTED IN THE ELEVENTH ROUND.
FITZSIMMONS
DID NOT SHOW
HIS TRUE FORM
BY KID McCOY. COPYRIGHTED, 1899
Copyright, 1899, by Kid McCoy.
*>ONEY ISLAND, N. V., June
— 9.— 1 have posted $1000 with
George Siler in support of my offer
to fight either the winner of to
night's battle or Tom Sharkey, or to
fight Fitzsimmons at 158 pounds for
the middle-weight championship. H.
H. Jammen of the Denver Post offers
a purse of $25,000 for Fitzsimmons
nnd me. It has been agreed that if
both men are holding, the referee go
between them; if only one is holding,
the other can fight himself free. In
case of a knockdown the official time
keeper will call off the seconds, not
tbs referee.
, Martin Julian was first in the drip,
7 -'"owed by Champion Bob. Time loiio!
inero was tremendous cheering, a per"
feet ovation. Three minutes later Jef
ines took his corner with his attend*
a .nta. George Siler next entered and
was warmly received.
The men carefully studied each other
from their comers, while the gong
Bounded for quiet. Jeffries looked very
nervous, while Huh looked calm and
apparently full of confidence! The men
ho.l not weighed as promised; Jeff was
brown and burly. When told that Fitz
claimed to weigh I .7 pounds, he said
that he weighed 14S. I should judge
he is fully 212 pounds. Fitz looked fine
as usual. Jeffries had :ed gldves Fit:
yellow slows. They shook hands.
- Jef
■
■
. ■
■
tries his
>' c body
g his
■ ; - ■' Fitz
■ ■ Ji ■■'
■
■
ROUND 7>— Fit? lands left and cuts Jeff's
rye open. He again hits right anil left on
the eyes. Bob«dueks a rush. Jeff gets in
a good one on the body. th«-n two good
ones on Bob's face and again on the jaw.
J-ioh tries left and right, misses and slips
11 the ground: Fitz gets a liard line on
ih<? head and tiguts very poorly:
ROUND *i — Both are anxious. Jeffries
labs Fitz in the fare. There are several
hard exchanges. Fitz hits Jeffries at will.
It is all Bob's round. Jeffries is roughing
It; using his elbow. Jeff face is bleed
ing badly.
ROUND 7— Bob is the aggressor and
confident. There nre light exchanges,
lirth miss and not a good blow is struck
lr. the round till just as the gong sounds,
when Hob pets a heavy right on Jeffs
heart:
HOUND >v.Boh tries and misses. Jeff
lauds two ijood lefts on Bob's iv.- Fitz
pets one art the jaw. then misses a right
swing. Fitz is pushed to the ropes. There
Is more sparring rind Fitz sends two
heavy blows nn JimV nnc-k. waking him
ROUND •'■••. Jpff. Jim
plants a straight left on Bob's nose and
aiiother on Bob's ribs. Fitz mis: a right
swing. Jim. doing the lighting, lands two
stiff lefts on the face and gets a return on
the mouth. Fitz is bleeding. He is light
inr poorly and a little weak.
ROUND 10— Jeff lands a left on Bob's
head. Fitz retaliates with a left jab on
Jeff's r.ose. Jeff ducks a wicked left swing
and knocks Kitz down with a left hook.
When Fitz rises Jeff again forces him
down. He forces Fitz all over the ring.
Bob recuperates quickly: The claim is
ra!sed that the round was seventeen sec
onds short.
ROUND 11— Jeff is the aggressor: Tin is
weak and looks wild. .I-ff hits Hob at
will! hut does not know how to nnish, but
finally knocks him hut.
While the battle was a froo«l one for
the spectators^ from a scientific point
of view it was a failure] Fitz through
out fought like the newest amateur!
His own intention from the start
seemed to be to secure a knockout in
a punch, and in trying to accomplish
thnt ho left many openings, several of
which were accepted by the new ham
pion with the disastrous result that fol
lowed, It was my misfortune not to
have had the opportunity to have met
Fitz to-night. ET< seemed to have lost
all form, and that shown to-night was
far below the form which he had dem
onstrated In the past. My next match
will undoubtedly be with Fitz for the
middle-weight championship, if he will
keop his word. While expressing deep
sympathy for Bob, [ congratulate the
new world's champion.; who is a true
born American like self. He is en
ill the pra ise thai
corded him.
left-hand smash. Fitz was still groggy
when he got up the third time, but he
showed wonderful recuperative power
and managed to last the round.
Fitz showed remarkably nod form
for a man who had received such hard
1 :>iows In the preceding rounds. Jeff led
off. -but rather mildly, with the left on
the nose. He followed this a second
later with a stiff left on the nose that
sent the champion stagpering back. Jeff
again landed with the left on the body,
right over the art. Fitz did not like
the blow, and made a desperate effort
to score with the risshi for a knockout
Mow. lie lei -' viciously with his right.
but Jeff cleverly dodged the blow and
laugh* d outright at the lure. The
cool demeanor of the boiler-maker
seemed to freeze Fitz, and be did not
for a moment seem to know what to
make of it. Finally he made another
effort to accomplish 'i knockout with
his celebrated right hand hook blow. Ho
missed, and Jeff smiled nd sen! his left
bard on the ie ■■ This blow shook up
Fitz. He dropped his hands and stood
motionless, like a statue, for a moment.
Quick as a flash Jeff realized the help
lessness of his opponent, and sending
his powerful right across squarely on
the champion's jaw measured Fitz's
length on the ground. Fitz fell heavily,
hie head hitting the floor of the ring
with frightful force. After lying per
fectly motion!*--* for several moments, a
tremor crept over : "itz's body. He tried
to raise his head. and. placing his hands
<-,;i — boards, attempted to struggle
to hie feet. Blood was gushing from his
nose and mouth and his eyes were half
eloped and had a ■ lid look about them.
Although his effort to rise was ..most
heroic, his strength was unequal to his
ambition and he sank back again to.
the floor his head hitting the canvas
►covering hard. He lay at full length
on the floor, hie arms outstretched,
unconscious, bruised and bleeding,
while Referee Slier stood over his pros
trate form and counted off the seconds
that removed his claims to the title of j
"KID" McCOY.
Photograph by Bushnell.
champion heavyweight pugilist of the
w orld.
At the conclusion of the tenth sec
ond Siler touched Jeffries, who was
standing a few feet away from his
beaten adversary, and said. "You
win," and waved him to his corner.
Jeffries smiled, walked over to his cor
ner, where his brother Jack threw his
- around him and hugged him.
Billy Delaney, Jeffries chief trainer,
:• himself with delight at tin 3
ne. ;!'■ said: "1 haw again
br ught a champion beater from <~"a;i
--fornia and am naturally proud of it.
l'iiz was beaten fair and squan
although he put up a gam< fight, my
man had ins measure taken from the
moment they shaped for the first
Jim Daly and Jack Jeffries had lit
tle to say regarding the victory, but
th'-ir good-natured • wreath
ed in smiles and they looked upon Jef
s a veritable wor .
OAKLAND GOES
WILD AT THE NEWS
' lAX I .AND. June 9 S I ■
thousand peoph ■ like Indians to
night as they r« ■ iunce
--■•■■ on The I 'all -■ i
For two 1 crmc h ■ > :owd was
rtained b> scores of bulletins ■
n "in tin ringsi I i . Island.
i .1. (Tries town and the world's
champion has spent so much of his time
md the Reliance Club that
known to every sport, young and old, in
this city. A very few enth
their money on Fitzsimmons, but hun
dreds banked their .-.11 on Jeffries, and
many helped to swell the chorus when
i ':iil announced I • news
For several days past Billy Delaney has
sending advices to his mends here
r money on Jefl i many
- his advice. This aft< moon the < hief
d the following dis
from Delai
CONEY ISLAND, June 3. 1899
Pt. flair Hodgklns, Oakland.
tulationF To-morrow .i^rr win ».>• r-ii|pf
811 I.V DELANEY.
Probably no other contest in rive years
has an n . Interest as the fight
between Fitzsimmons and Jeffries. It is
: i exaggeration to say that $10,000 chang
ed hands over the r<
Thp Call's guests dl 1 not have an oppor
bcuss the incldi ring
as they progressed, for thf busy
wires s the news so quickly the
crowd was spellbound for the forty-one
• • ■
JOHN L SULLIVAN KNEW
JEFFRIES WOULD WIN
CANTON, Ohio, June 9.— John L. Sul- ;
livan to-night said:
"It was tusl as 1 predicted. Jim Jef
fries, ■ forfiia giant, is th<- cham
pion pugilist of the world. I never was
in doubt of the result. I did not see
how h>- could lose. I have S'-<-n both
ag and I know that Jim
.7-:Tri>--s. tfv California giant, is one of
the greatest •i.uhti-rs that ever lived.
"All Americans nhould rejoice at his
victory. He is an American and we
have needed an American champion.
Besides, he is young and able to de
the glorious title for many years
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
THE CALL GIVES THE FIRST
NEWS OF THE BIG FIGHT
Return of tfye Championship to California Pleases
th)e Multitude Before the Bulletin Boards.
THE victory of Jeffries, which
means the return of the world's
championship to California, was
greeted with the wildest enthu
siasm by an immense concourse
of people on Market street. Before t>
o'clock little knots of people com
menced to gather In front of The Call's
offlde. From tiiat time until five min
utes past 8, when th^ news of Jeffries'
victory was flashed over the wire, the
crowd grew until it formed one com
pact mass of humanity.
Its sympathies were with Jeffries, as
was evidenced by the spontaneous
1 heers whenever the bulletin shown on
the screen favorvd the man from Los
Angeles. In the tenth round the crowd
scented victory for Jeffries. The
news came that he had knocked
Fitzsimmons down, and this sent the
crowd into a perfect frenzy, which was
accentuated when the round ended.
That it was a sporting crowd was evi
dent wh<-n at the opening of the fateful
round the bulletin showed Fitzsimmons
was Btrong and ready to continue. The
crowd applauded the old champion.
The end came so quickly that It took
the spectators unawares, and for one
f instant they seemed unable to
understand. Then there were scenes of
the wildest enthusiasm. Men cheered
until they were hoarse, threw their
hats Into tli" air and shook the hands
of those nearest them. The great,
to come. From my account of to
night's encounter, the crowd £"t the
worth of their money. 1 hardly thought
it v. ould last so long.
"But Jeffries look my advice. He
played a waiting game without losing
any chances. He iie;ured out Fitzsim
mons in the first few rounds, then
started In to worry him with that ter
rible left of his.
"It's all over and I'm plart Fitzsim
mons was licked. Let us all rejoice
that a man born in Yankeeland is the
greatesi fighter in the world, and he
is a fight •!• that will meet all comers
without quibbling. And he'll give them
all the same dose he gave Fitzsimmons
to-night ■■:• I miss my guess."
Directors Not Yet Named
WOODLAND. June 9. LJovemor ciase
■ ■ •. . t appo :tora for the
Yolo County Agricultural Association.
presumably for the reason that the old or
ganization has lapsed. The last Legisla
ture made an appropriation for the dis
■ i the work of reorganization is
CROWD IN FRONT OF THE CALL OFFICE HEARS THE KJUSULT
I compact mass of humanity commenced
to ravel out at thf ends and was soon
scattered to the four points of the
compass.
The universal expression of opinion
was that Jeffries' ability had from the
first been underestimated. His strength
and youth and enormous vitality were
j too much for Fitzsimmons to overcome.
The champion's absence from the ring
for two years suddenly took on impor
tance, and it was said to be impossible
for him to regain his old condition.
The bulletin service of The Call
proved far superior to that of the other
papers. While they were satisfied with
the ordinary bulletin service, which did
I not come over a direct wire, The Call's
| service was uninterrupted from the
! ringside at Coney Island to the office on
Market street. In addition to being
more in detail and more accurate, it
was a round in advance throughout.
The difference in time between this city
and New York resulted practically in
the fight being finished before darkness
I set in. The Call's stereopticon service
j worked admirably, the canvas being
' visible to the greater portion of the
people on Market street. The bulletins
stood out boldly and could be read
. asily.
The bulk of the money wagered in
this city was placed at odds of ten to
seven, Fitzsimmons being the favorite
at all Hmes. The odds fluctuated
j yesterday from six to seven, going
I backward and forward as the pressure
of money was wagered. The "wise" di-
JOY AT THE NEW
CHAMPION'S HOME
NEW YORK, June 9.— As Jeffries entered the clubhouse with his
managers and trainers the following telegram from his old home, Los An
geles, Cal., was handed to him:
Jim: The hopes and good wishes of papa, mamma, family and a host of
friends po with you into the rin^r. Yon will surely win. PAPA.
LOS ANGELES, June 9.— Los Angeles, the homo <>f "Jim" Jeffries,
champion pugilist of the world, by virtue of his victory over Fitzsiinmons
to-night, is wild with enthusiasm over the result of the bjp tisht. The
principal streets are alive with people who had watched the bulletin boards
and scanned the newspaper extras with interest, and when the news
came that Jeffries won in the eleventh round they broke out into wild
cheers and marched the streets in squads, yelling themselves hoarse for
the new champion of the world.
The betting was li^ht here, at odds of about 10 to 7 in favor of Fitz-
Bimmons.
I vision went down with the champion,
on whom it had won so often.
Joe Rose, the bookmaker, was one of
' the persons who picked Jeffries. In the
fifth round he "hunched" the price to
75 to 100, where it had previously been
60 to 100. Charles L. Fair was a sup
[ porter of Jeffries, sending in a commis
sion of several hundred dollars on the
Californian. Ed Homan liked Jeffries
bo much he laid $350 to $500 on him.
Eugene Van Court was among those
; who could see no one in it but Jeffries.
Eddie Graney, Johnny Humphrey,
i "Spider" Kelly, Tim McGrath and
i "Jim" Neal were among the men who
I could see nothing to it but Fitz.
Harry Corbett handled $47,000 in the
straight betting and $8343 in the mu
tuels. The winning mutuels paid $9 80
on each dollar Invested. Mr. Corbett
sent congratulations to the winner on
his having gained the championship,
I and especially on the fact that it was
again held by a Californian.
The mutuel board shows that Fitz
simmons had more supporters through
out than his youthful adversary. This
indicates the small bettors expected
the champion to win again. The table
shows the trend of the betting:
FTT7.SIMMONS. I V JEFFRIES.
Tickets Tickets
Rounds— ' sold. Rounds— sold.
1 to 6 11S4 1 to 6 523
7 to 11 1517 7 to 11 807
12 to 16 1209 12 to 16 767
I 17 to 21..: 581 17 to 21 600
I 22 or over 64222 or over 62:5
I Total 5133 i Total 3210
CORBETT SORRY
HE WAS NOT IN
JEFFRIES' PLACE
BY JAMES J. CORBETT, EX-CHOMPION OF THE WORLD.
NEW YORK. June 9.— Well, it was a
great fight and the best man won, and
it was the man I always expected
would win. Jeffries has been greatly
underrated, and he has certainly sur
prised a great many sports by his
great fight of to-night. I am, of course,
delighted at the result.
The championship now belongs to an
American — and a Californina at that —
and I'm mighty glad of it.
The only thing that I have to regret
about this contest is that it was not I
who met Fitzsimmons. I never had the
fever to fight as I had to-night. I
know that I am a better man than
either of those in that ring. I don't
want to aay this in a derogatory man
ner to either of them. I think Jeffries
had the better of it from start to fin
ish. The new champion had his
head about him all the time and land
ed better and more often than the
lanky Australian. He went into the
ring full of tlie greatest confidence,
and said to me that the contest would
never go the scheduled twenty-five
rounds.
"I am going to win in half that num
ber," Jim said, and as you see he
proved himself to be a good prophet,
the battle lasting only eleven rounds.
They were good hard rounds, too. and
each man knew he was doing a lot of
fighting. One of them, however, was
getting- the better of it right along, and
that was my friend Jim.
He took a number of punches that to
the onlookers appeared hard, but they
never feased him. He came back to
his corner at the end of each round
wearing a confident smile and said he
felt certain that he was going to be the
winner.
In the first round Jeffries conducted
himself marvelously cool and showed
every indication of a determination to
win." In the second round he went at
his man with greater confidence, and
just before the bell rang he landed a
beauty on Fitz's nose, and down went
the then champion. Fitz came up
quickly, of course, and was at it, fight
ing hard, but I could plainly spp that
he was a bit anxious. The unexpected
had occurred to him. The third round
found Jim fighting strong and landing
right and left. Fitz tried chopping tac
tics with Jim. but the game didn't
work. The boy was too cute for him.
It was a highly interesting mill up to
the very last, but the tenth and elev
enth rounds were peaches. How Jeff
went at his quarry and what stunning
blows he did get in on Fitz: Why, the
old man wasn't in it a little bit! He
would land occasionally, but gracious
me! it was like a man with a tack
hammer trying to knock down a stone
wall. Jeff used fine judgment, espe
cially in these two rounds, and landed
good rights and lefts most effectively.
Th^ result is that he is the iipw cham
pion, and. as I said at the beginning.
I am mighty glad the championship is
once again in the possession of an
American.
COMPARISON OF THE
FIGHTERS' RECORDS
On public form, aa indicated by the rec
ords of the rival fighters, Fitzsimmons
should have won handily. In a fairly busy
ring experience he has but two defeats
marked against him. In one of these
that scored by "Jim" Hall in Sydney,
Australia, in 1890— the ex-champion con
(esses to have lost by agreement. This
has ever been tho blot on his pugilistic
escutcheon, which he would have given
much to efface. It has always made
heavy bettors pause and think before
wagering their money. The other defeat
is fresh in the memory of Californians,
as it was his memorable meeting with
I Sharkey at Mechanics' Pavilion, when
Wyatt Earp was referee.
To offset these defeats the Cornishman
has a long string of decisive victories. His
lirst battle was in December. 1889, wh<-n
he defeated Dick Ellis of New Zealand.
On May 10 of the following year he ar
rived in this city on the Zealandia. A
week later he was tried out by Frank
Allen, then instructor in the California
Athletic Club. On May 29 he won his first
I fight in America, defeating "Billy" Mc
[ Carthy. A month later he-knocked out
Arthur Ut'ham of .\>w Orleans. His next
victory was over "Jack" Dempsey. whom
he finished in thirteen rounds. He defeat
ed Abe Cougle in Chicago and the Black
JOMES J. CORBETT.
Photograph by Bushnell.
Pearl in Minneapolis in May. He did not
fight again until the following March,
when he knocked out Peter Maher. He
followed this by knocking out James Far
rell. Joe Godfrey, .terry Slattery and Bill
iard Zeuder, aii in 1892. In 1893 be knocki d
out "Jim" Hall, his old opponent. Phil
Mayo, J. Warner and "Jack" Hlckey. In
1894 lie whipped J'<l Cnoynski, Frank Kel
ler, Dan Creedon •and Con Rlordan. In
189 ahe fought but once, defeating Al Al
lich.
In ISJW he beat Peter Maher in 1 minute
35 seconds, and lost to Sharkey. Hs
fought Corbett on March IT. 1897, since
which time he has not appeared in the
ring until last night.
Jeffries' career in the ring has been a
short and a merry one. His first fight
was with Dan Long, whom he knocked
nut. In a mix-up ■ uh Corbett at Carson,
when he was one of the retinue of train
ers, he was knocked out. Ho whipped Van
Buskirk and Henry Baker; fought a draw
with ilus Ruhlin and another with Jr>o
Choynski; was granted the decision over
Sharkey in a twenty-round bout, and over
Boh Armstrong ten rounds. This, with
last night's battle, which makes him
champion completes the record of his do
ings in the arena.
NOTABLE SPORTS WHO
SAW THE CONTEST
NEW YORK. June P.— Prominent men
of all classes saw the Met fight. Among
others occupying positions in the arena
were Manager Hunt of Cincinnati, Creigh
ton Webb, Edwin Ardin. Senator John
McCarthy, Harry Harbury, Register"Har
ry Haggerty of Brooklyn. Duke O'Reilly
of Brooklyn, Jimmy Carroll, Jack Mc-
Auliffe, George Buchanan, Daniel Ward,
William Shields and Walter Schlister of
Philadelphia.
Honest John Kelly, Senator Reynolds,
James Patten of Philadelphia, Frank Mc-
Kee, Billy Collyer, Barclay Warburton,
Marcus Mayer, Press WhUtaker, Charles
Richmond, George Clarke, Ed Purser,
fresh from the coast with .1 string of tun
ners; John Carroll, Warden John Wilson,
George Engerman, E. J. McKeever, Rob
ert Nelson of Brooklyn, William Mc-
Laughlin.
Deputy Commissioner William Walton,
former Alderman James Dunn, City
Chamberlain Patrick Keenan, Frank Far
rell, Mose H. Grossman, Emanuel Tan
nenbaum, George Stone, E. O'Reilly,
(I'Mirge Jarbot, Rooert J. Sutherland. -Mike
Minden, Senator Sullivan of Boston. Tim
Sullivan. Charles Lamb. "William Bissell.
John Cotter. Henry Beherman. Stewart
M. Price, George T. Baker. David Gideon,
Jimmy Rowe. Louis Maun, t'iiarles
Fleischmann, James T. Dunn of New
Haven, Ben Stevens, George Dlxon, Billy
Elmer, Teddy McGovern, Billy Edwards,
Dr. Edwards. Sam Harris, E. H. Rosen
haum, Ned Harrison, Tommy Evans, Ed
Abels. John E* Dunn of Bridgeport, Par
son Davies of Chicago. Arthur Chambers,
Barney Gilmore, John McVeigh, Billy
Nellly of New Haven. Mick Golden, John
Gllroy, Tony Hart Jr., Max Rogers, Pete
Curley, Al Smith.
The police arrangements were admira
ble. Chipf Devery was in command and
had as his aids Deputy Chief Mackellai*,
Inspector McLaughlin, Acting Inspector
Campbell and Captain lOnney. Two hun
dred policemen from Manhattan were de
tailed to the island, and 10J of the local
force were on duty. Chief Devery, with ;i
detail from Manhattan, went down to th^
island on the police boat Patrol. Many
headquarters detectives mingled with the
crowd and many arrests on suspicion were
made. The prisoners were lockei up in
Coney Island station.
Suicide at Fresno.
FRESXO, June '>.— James B. <"uppy. a
prominent young man of this city, com
mitted Huiiii!' 1 to-day by taking morphine.
We- was engaged to marry a I\liso Ken
nedy. He received a letter yesterday
from another girl threatening to kill him
if he married. He then pot drunk and
took the poison. He died with Hiss Ken
nedy's photograph In his hand and re
quested that it be buried with him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B Which Rides?
\ 4 When a mau is sick bis
IX H\ -work rides him instead of
\?\ \\\ he riding his work. His
\Jdj4j daily task instead of being
&J&2 the meana -which supports
j/ffgk ' and carries him on to com-
/■' '/jlP<!»_ *" or * atl(^ prosperity
*4v*g?phfc*K becomes an over-
Wp|^, whelming burden
"£>-£> '^fSSS weig: h i v ham
£*••*&' . ' fjJBF^ down. lie has
j <r^ifi '"*jHB no s * ren B[tt L ' °-'
j^^\^?Jl^^\^&l. ambition. He feels
J£*if £\ '' \ W that there *• OO* 0 -
/VjLT v F Va \fL ing left bu tor him
ij \V I ST^" ;^ iW. to sta ?e er along- un-
V V 1 1 /V-© N^J^til the awful P res "
V*' /^ — * ]T sure of diftea*>e and
I ,_V trouble at last
&v J 1 crushes him to
?/ 'jsA I. The proopermis
' mm W///fi man 6 '^' c one wlln
W/wL mC y e' ce P B the apper
v//Ll\ SM & hand of his -■work.
<$m raK^^because he is strong,
" ''% E^^/ Ca )al)le and ener-
l/iWh WW^ XK 4 * llo - Dr. l-xerce'R
' & W/J/ Golden Medical
t^_ v. ws*''"' Discovery has
t«_^ brought t^e best
LJr kind of prosperity
■^**^ to thousands of
weighed -down, over - burdened men and
women by giving them the physical
strength and stamina to carry their work
forcefully and eAsily.
"For the last three years," says Mr. J. C.
Morgan, of Mouougah, Marion Co.. W. Vn.. in ,i
letter to Dr. Pierce, " I have betn a constant suf-
ferer from indigestion complicated with com-
plaints that generally accompany such cases.
Always after eating there would be a formation
of gas and a heavy load in my stomach. I would
belch up my food after eating; bowels w e vcry
irregular: I would imagine I saw object* '•tln^
before my eyes. I had pain across is back.
About December, 1896, I began feeling mur'
worse than usual and was beginning to think
would have to suffer the remainder of my life.
I was greatly discouraged. I described my cas«
to Dr. Pierce- staff of physicians and they di-
rected me to begin at once taking the 'Goldrn
Medical Discovery ' according to direction*. I
did so. and am happy to state I experienced
most gratifying results, as all the unpleasant
feelings have entirely left me. I have now
a very good appetite, relish my food, and am
pleased to say I feel once more like my former
self. I recently walked a distance of one hun-
dred and ten miles in aoout lour days. '
No remedy relieves constipation so
quickly and effectively as Dr. Picrce'3
Pleasant Pellets.
34
LURE GAME TROUT
FROM HIS HAUNTS
Fishermen Are Enthusiastic Over the Qual
ity of Sport in Mountain Lakes
and Rivers. '
The fish:- season is on in earnest and i
authorities on the pastime pronounce it !
the most promising ever known here. It
lias opened unusually early and the de
mand for reds, flies and other necessary
I paraphernalia has kept dealers in those j
articles busy. Chief credit for this state j
of affairs is by common consent accorded j
the members of the Fish Commission.
They have stocked rivers and lakes with j
different varieties of trout, and after i
stocking them have seen to their preser
vation un:!l thoy have had time in which I
to develop. As a result the fishermen will
have royal sport in whatever direction j
they may bend their steps.
Walter D. Mansfield advances a theory ;
for the excellence of the fishing on Me- !
Cloud River. He says that owing to cer- i
tain conditions few salmon went up the
McCloud. Where in former > • ars count- j
less thousands went Up the river to spawn j
hardly more than 150 went this year. As i
a consequence there was no spawn upon !
which the trout could feed at the river '■
bottom and they are forced to come to I
the surface for feed. That is why they i
take the fly with avidity and inexperi
enced rod wielders land them as readily
as do the veterans.
The season opened at Tahoe on the Ist
Inst. and good sport has been found there. I
The eaten averages from forty to fifty '
pounds of fish per boat a day. In addl- '
tion to the State law, which fix< the i
season during which trout m.i be taken. '
there are local ordinances in El Dorado
and Placer counties. These prohibit fish
ing in Lake Tahoe or its tributaries dur- j
ing April and May. This has had a bene
ficial effect upon the fishing.
Alex Vogelsang, president of the Fish
Commission, left on Wednesday for Yo
semite Valley. He will note the condi
tion of the fishing in the various lakes
which have been thoroughly stocked with
trout. The first fish were sent then- eight i
years ago and marvelous results have !
been attained since then. Great sport is !
expected there during the present season. ;
Attornew W. W. .Foote is in the valley at ;
present and went prepared to enjoy the
fishlne.
H. W. Keller of Santa Monica succeeds
J. M. Morrison of Sacramento as a mem
ber of the State Fish Commission. Mr. \
Keller, who is a man of independent
means, is an ardent sportsman. While a I
resident of this city some years since he !
was president of the Field Trials Club. |
FESTAL LAMPS ON
THE PLEASURE CRAFT
San Francisco Yacht Club Members
Will Make Merry To-Night at
Their House, Sausalito.
in^ Doctor Mf Alcantara, a light
Dpera in two acts, will b< ted by
ila ■ >pera S the
house of thi San Fi i
.sallto this cvi ■ 15. Four
hundred tickets at i. en is
will aealize
sum from the performance. The
cast ; i vs: Dr. V;-.-
Ear, A. F B
Carlos, William M. Ogilvie; Perez, John
W. Maddei ■ k Wilson .
Pompoeo, Charles Parent Jr.; I
iri-zia. Mrs. John W. Madden; Isabella,
Miss . . Inez, Miss Ei
Parent. There will be a chorus of :
The m
Will in- under tl I Mrs. Ar
thur i ' Lewis. Eli i I rii al effi I
■ uod by Fi v. ho -;"■! "
las: Sunday at
by L. Q. Havens. After the per
ncing, and ligrht
Che N<>nh
i i < lompany will run
■ cisl boat, ■he i ity at 7::'.''
b. in. rind retun '•'> p. m. Those
: irm
ance and who d to stay for the
ill t hems cl 1
lar ferryboat, which ■ . for
Kan Francisco at 10:50 p. m.
The Corinthian cruise to McNears !.
ing was ■ ded. The following
on hand S
• -.lus, Truant. Amigo, MJgnon,
Halcyon, Clara, Emma, Q a Cv
■ he yawl A ■ : irnl i
. ly mornii &
was joined by th< elma and
Rover. Vice Commodore \V. H. Toepke's
sloop liar; ruised In ih<- upp< r bay
and anchon d off Pa
:■.- '!'. L. Hill's Bloop Cygnus, A.
Sutherland's ■; ft. Bridg
man's Bloop Thetis
the San Francisco ■ d In
th'"> upper bay. \\ and
family enjoyed their last sail In I •
Bchooner I pur
r. Wilder, foi merly
oi thi Hawaiian Island.;.
ellow will either
build oi
Next Saturday ;h-- Corinthians will
cruise to Oakland ( reek, . invi
tation of Commodore Allen M, day will
\isit the California Club I re re
ments and an entertainment will be
provided. Alrea • achi
owners have pr take pan in th«
cruise. To-morrow :- ■ ite on the
programn f the San Franciscos, and on
md Sunday, "■■■ 17 1 h
cruise to McNears Landing is • , take
place. To-day and to-m<
on the Bncinal programme. I" i
urday and Sunday a cruise to McNei
duh ■! I>n June it and i y the t
■ t'i Redwood ' 'ity.
\v<jrk i? progressing on H. H. Sin-,;
yawl at TlDuron. Ii will be finished
after certain parts of hir equipment, or
dered In the E 3 tes. reach this
The sloop which F. Stone is build
ing le to be called E*resto, and Is expi
to be ready for the Corinthian
Valle tlsun during the Independ
-1 iiiy holidays.
To-morrow th-- Oakland Canoe Club will
hav° a race over the usual triangular
-•■ on San Antonio estuary, op
:.u; 15 f< • I nor m..rf
'than 22 feet sailing length, according to
the rule of measurement adopted by th<
club. Thf course consists of a loop am!
two •• nd la officially reckoned at
six miles.
GEORGE WHITNEY STILL CHAMPION
The finals of the class tournament of the
California Tennis Club proved a disap
pointment. The round robin between
Whitney, Bradshaw and Cornell, the re
spective winners of the first, second and
third classes", was devoid of close or in
tf-rt-stlnp tennis. Bradshaw, who gave
Cornell half fifteen, won his match in two
straight sets, G-4, 5-4. George Whitney
played Cornell, giving him odds of half
thirty, ar.d, despite Uiis great handicap,
won easily with the score of 6-3, 6-4. Braa
shaw .md Whitney then met in the last
match of the tournament the latter giv
ing the former odds of half thirty. The
handicap was not big enough for Brad
ehaw, who was defeated by Whitney G-3,
0-4. The result of the tournament shows
Whitney as champion, with Bradshaw as
»-"nnej* up. Both the class winners re-
Brlzes and the first- and second
SPORTS
i In addition to sports of the field he Is a
! yachtsman and all-around good fellow.
He is a desirable acquisition to the Fish
Commission, and his fellow-members are
eager to meet him in this city.
C. B. Gould. John Cadman and Dr.
Clark Burnbam were at Simms last Sun
day und found good sport.
Frank Hall sent thirty-one pounds of
trout from the McCloud Elver, near Sis
son, to a friend last Tuesday. He reports
the fishing good, using the greyhackle en
tirely.
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler made a
flying trip to his country home on the
McCloud last Sunday. As a trophy of
his visit he sent an eight and a half
pound Dolly Varden trout to a friend
here. This great fish was caught with
minnow bait. He sent also some one and
a half to two and a half pounders, caught
with the fly.
Advices from George Walker and W.
A. Cooper are to the effect that they are
doing well at Simms. Frank Hall is also
at Simms, and has sent down some ex
cellent specimens of his prowess.
Billy Mcßae Is at Boca, and has caught
some fine rainbow trout. He sent David
Thorn a bos of eighteen.
F. S. Johnson left for the McCloud on
"Wednesday. After hearing reports of the
sport enjoyed by his friends he had a bad
attack of fishing fever, and within twelve
hours was on his way to the scene of ac
tion.
C P. Waterhouse and R. K. Flint are
among the fishermen on the McCloud. .
The San Francisco Fly Casting Club
elected eleven members at its last meet
ing. This makes a total of nlnety-flve.
The membership is limited to a hundred,
which numb it is expected, will bo
reached shortly. The club dinner, which
should properly take place on July 4, has
been postponed one week to avoid the
holidays.
Deputy Fish Commissioners M. 1... Cross
and P. M. Mathew report finding more
small bass in Russian River than ever
before. About 30,000 of them were taken
by the deputies from land-locked water,
where they would have perished ulti
mately, and restored them to the river.
The bass develop rapidly. In ISSO 430 -mall
fish were planted there. Last year over
500,000 pounds were marketed in San
Francisco alone, not counting the fish
used elsewhere. Some were sent north for
planting in Eel River and Humboldt Bay
last Thursday.
HE MAKES QUAIL
RAISE PHEASANTS
A : ovel Scheme of W. S. Tevis to
Bresd Gam. 1 Birds on Jockdale
fianch, Kern County.
From present Indications Kern County
will shortly be one <■{ the mist attrai
In the Sta.t>- fur the sportsman.
VV. S. Tevis of Stockdale ranch, near Ba
ld, has found In the quail which
abound in that district foster n.
: ■ • -ants. Surrounding' his home and
within a radius of a tew hundred yards
are b if quail breeding undis
turbed.
Mr. y.'vis has also Borne pheasants. Eaen
of these laj some aim I ggs a year. He
found a difficulty in having them hai
until finally he hit upon the scheme of
anting qua! Ith those of the
pheasants. The quail hatched them
and now the problem seems solved and
the pheasants should multiply rapidly.
By removii - isants' eggs from the
ach day the birds lay nve tin,
many .'ggs as though allowed to Bit on
a c the reason for substituting
the Quail.
Persons who preserve game as Mr.
Ti-\ is has done are considered public ben<»
sportsmen. Some pi
take a narrow-minded view of the game
They think theii liberty is lm
-1 ■ not permitti d to blaze
awaj at all animate things and at k!1
tim< - lrr< sp< cttve of Ihe breeding s< a-
Some slaughter for the n
others for the hides. If this Indiscrlm
slaughter w< re p< rmitted game
I oon i mi extinct. Gunmakers,
nd fly makers, the breeders ..r. 1
handl • • . gs In 01 h.-r
• flnd their occupa-
Mr. '!"• via Is in the forefront
■ ranks of pam<- preservers. In his
position of extensive land owner he is able
and has shown himself anxious to pi
■ In Kern County. In time
that district will be a sportsman's para-
The birds will sj r the
country, retiring to quiet places at breed
ing tiny. where they fmi sit and brine m>
oung.
The State Line bird shoot held last wr^k
■ Olympic nun Club grounds, [ngle
was pronounced a success by the
men. The h I Iry in any mat< h
■ ■■■ -three and the lowest ten In
fill there wen- 1526 pigeons at which the
men Bhot. Clarence Kaumann made the
best average, killing UJ •ol a possible
122. Otto Feudner killed 115 out f 132;
of Stockton, 113 out of 126*
Dr. Know!.- ("Slade"). 69 out of 75 ana
Frank Vernon, 44 out i f 52.
The Olympic Gun Club men will Bhoot
iurth of their 12-bird matches of the
-morrow. On July 9 they will
shoo; ai twenty-five birds. A gold nr da!
will be presented to the man making tho
in the first Bvi meetings
of the si ason.
California Wins Shooting Club will
occupy tli. Inglesidi grounds on thi- 13th
nst, •'■• members holding their monthly
llv< bird shoot
Among the recent additions to the mem
bership of the Olympic Gun Club are:
W\ H. Phelps, J. C. Jensen. Paul F King
ston, Thomas T(. H. Varney. C D Klein-
Dr R. Ritchie, Dr. John C 3t>en-
E F Gutschow, C. E. O'Neile, Dr.
H. D. Noble Dr. Gilbert K. Graham end
8. \ . • ostello.
I.inr^s o< the round robin had an extra
prize attached to it.
Preparation* are being made for the Pa-
L'inc Coasi singles hampionship. which
will Ik- played on the 2d, 3d and 4th of
July, rhf place for che tournament has
■■ : been selected, but th<> choice wll lie
httween Bar Rafael and Monterey with
thi chances in favor of the Marln County
courts. The entries this year will Bhow a
number of the younger players in the
t< reground.
The beginning of the school vacation
has reduced ih« attendance m th, courts
Btmewhat, yet the eulhußiasts may bo
fi and there daily smashing md volleying
vrith customary vigor, Miss Alice Hoir
mfiin playpd a series of games last Thurs
!ay, h--r first appearance since her return
fri m Honoltilu. In a match with Joe
Daily she won three out of five sets,
George Whitney beat Walter MeOavln
three straight setß, 6-4, fi-4. 6-3. Joe Daily
lefeated Morle Johnson. 6-2, 7-5. 6-8. Miss
Lola Davis and Jof Daily defeated Miss
Ethel Deane and Mi«s Phoebe Painter
three straight pets.
■ m •
Ocean Water Tub B;ths.
101 Seventh Ftreet. corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
THE SA^ T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JOE 10, 1599.
HULDA, A RETIRED QUEEN OF TROTTERS.
California, noted, for ihe grand trotters, pacers and thoroughbreds bred within its
borders, has given to the world but few horse* of §rea f er promise than Huhla, bred by
./. B. Sprechels. As a four-year-old she. won tin four races in which she started, on the
Eastern circuit, defeating the pick of American t rafters. The following year the in
vincible, all- conquering marc swept all before her wntil the $15,000 free-for-all rice at
Columbian Exposition. After winning two heats she broke down and since then has
never faced a starter. She is the favorite matron at Apt os Stock Farm and great tilings
are expected of her progeny.
A CHANCE FOR THE
LOCALS TO COME IP
But They Must Win Two Games From
the :enators and the Lobsters
Lose One to San Jose.
Kill Schmwr show* no signs of letting
up in his work. He is far and away the
best Inflelder on the coast.
It is reported from Watsonville that
Btruve has had his till of the glories and
sorrows that fall to a bn^-ball magneto
and Is anxious to sHI out. Struve ought
noi to let go now. He has a good team
that promises to [and up among the
ers. The season lias just reached the
where the crowds are steadily in
creasing, and there Is every Indication
that all the clubs will make money.
Notwithstanding !);•• reports "t defec
tions in the Santa Cruz team Manager
Tuttl.- has written to Harris that there
will be no material changes and that the
Lobsters will finish the season practically
as they at"'? now.
■• th( Bhake-up in the San Jusp team
and ■ In the management there
has been ;i steady Increase In the attend
■ .• re B Lseball is th< all-absi i
t;i 1 k on the streets and in homes, and San
promises to develop into one. of \hu
best paying towns in th»- league.
Local fans have calculated that if Che
os win a majority of the series this
week from Sacramento and th«- Santa
Cruz Club "breaks even" with San Joso
Hank Harris and his aggregation will
again be In flrsi place. But although the
mentos are tail-eiiders of the
league, Hank Hrirris haa a w,hotesome re
• for th.-m. ror^they have giv«n his
■ • st battles of the season.
They have played three extra Inning
■ a against San Francisco and the bat
ting has been heavy in all theii
Doyle and [berg will do the double box
work In thr> series this week. The line-up
■ ■ game this afternoojj Is .is follow*:
Itton. Sacramento
' 'atcher Stanley
Pitcher :
Sullivan First base Hutchincon
O'Neill - >aae Stultz
Third base Sneehati
Kruß Shortstop Eaffan
MullPr Lefl Held McLaughlln
Center field Sbanahati
HUdel rand Right Held . ,H
The Heesemans of Oakland will play the
O'Connor-Moffatts at Sixteenth and
sum streets to-morrow at 2:30 p. m.
will i ■ • • • appearance In San Frai
f Joseph M. Kell< y, the sin
professional ball player In thn i
He weighs lii pounds and Is Qve
feet in height.
MIDWEEK COURSING
PROVES A SUCCESS
Leashmen Are Pleas d With the
Innovation, Which Will Probably
8s Continued,
The puccpsf of the first midweek cours
ing meeting ever held in America w,«- so
marked that the officers of ITniori < 'ours-'
ing Park will hold other m<-r-tir,Ks of the
same character. The attendance was
THE POISON FIEND
IS AGAIN AT WORK
CHAMPION MONTANA QUEEN, the prize winning St. Bernard bitch, the
property of Mrs. E. F. Beck, is dead, a victim of the poison fiend.
Champion ' Montana Queen was the winner of sixteen first prizes in its
class, and never, notwithstanding its many entries, fell even to second
place. Quern slways carried off the prize. Hence its value. Her owner
has refused $5000 for the animal.
Yesterday morning at 10:30 o'clock Queen, the largest of its hreed on the
coast, was lomping about its mistress in the yard. Five minutes later the
brute was found writhing in agony. Physicians were summoned and found
that the animal wns suffering from strychnine. Antidotes were adminis
tered, but ns Queen did not appear to rally the San Francisco Veterinary
Hospital was communicated with and veterinary physicians hurried to Mrs.
Beck's house. When they arrived, however, the valuable animal was dead.
An autopsy was held, the stomach removed and largo quantities of arsenic
found therein. Mrs. Beck says nhe was warned that jealous persons wiHhr-d
to poison her dog. Consequently she kept it within doors nt night, but did
not think they would dare to throw poison into her yard in daytime. In this
she was mistaken, and in consequence, she has lost her valuable pet.
TRANSMITS SPEED
TO ALL HER PROGENY
Hulda, the Marvelous Race Mare, Bids
Fair to Perpetuate tier Name
in Racing Annals.
Down at Aptos stock farm Hulda, one
time queen among American trotters, is
passing the declining years of her life.
The great race mare is transmitting her
speed and beauty to numerous progeny,
having produced foals by Cupid, McKln
ney and one by Dexter Prince, a suckling
shown in the illustration on this page
Hulda is a bay mare foaled in ISSS and
bred by A. B. Spreckels. She has never
been out of his possession, and. as may
be supposed, is a great favorite with him.
She was sired by Guy Wilkes, 2:lsV*, out
of Jenny, the dam of Oracle S. 2:22. This
.-hows she comes rightfully by her ex
treme speed.
She was tirst raced as a four-year-old,
starting four times that year on the East
ern circuit, and returned here with a rec
ord of 2:ll?4. She won every race in which
she started that year. The next season
was the year of the Columbian Exposi
tion. Orrin Hickok, the celebrated train
er, took her East and she started In four
races. At Buffalo. New York City and
Detroit she met the best horses of the
year and defeated them. At Chicago, In
the Columbian free-for-all, purse or $15,
--000, she met the great champions Alix,
2:03 -;; sPlxlevJ^2;o6H; -Nightingale. 2:08;
Lord Clinton, '2:oß%; Walter K. 2:10; Ry
land T. 2:07*, ; Little Albert, 2:10; Green
leaf. 2:10%, and Alvin, 2:11. This was the
celebrated race which- required three days
before It was finished. Alix won the first
heat in 2:07%. Hulda the next two in
2:10 V; and 2:1 '■•■_..
Mr. Hickok was certain he would win
the next heat and the race, but Hulda
sprained an ankle In that heat and had to
be drawn. She was never able to race
again. Since then she has been in the
breeding ranks. She whs bred to Search
light, 2:04^, this year. Hulda was one
of the greatest trotters ever bred in Cali
fornia, and Orrin Hickok has always
claimed she would have held the world's
record but for her unfortunate accident.
■ ■
larger than that usually present at the
Saturday meetings, while the betting was
steady throughout the day.
h has not been determined how often
the midweek stakes will be run. This
question can only be settled by the offi
cers of the association at their next meet
: ing. It is understood they favor having
three reserve stakes every other week.
< This would take the pressure from two
of the open stakes and thus please the
men whose dogs are crowded out of them.
It will afford the owners ..f second-class
dogs the opportunity of running them
when they have a chance to win.
An open stake is on the card for this
afternoon ami to-morrow at Union T'arK.
I- will be run down one,, this afternoon,
ng a strong card for to-morrow. The
dogs are all running well and with good
hares they should show excellent sport
The officers of Ingleside < 'out-sing Park
neve apparently lost hope of opening
their Inclosure for the present year at
Last. President Shannon and his asso
i ivies have expected relief, but it has not
'cine.
Furn!l\!re. i ian- * and freight moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co., :■?■■> Jone«; tttt. Putter 411.
GOLF FLOURISHES
IN MARIN COUNTY
San Rafae! Club Fully Equipped to
Get All the Pleasure Possible
Out of ths Game.
The San Rafael Golf Club will begin
play to-day upon the first nine holes of
the permanent eighteen-hole course, but
the formal opening will be put off until
later In the summer. All the putting
- -sec! and will be kept In
; excellent condition by frequent watering.
They are from forty to a hundred feet In
■ ter. Instructor J. W. Tetley is reg
ularly engaged In coaching various mem
bers and th< season bids fair to be a most
successful one. The club has a
about 200 members, and has bought
twenty-five acres, upon which it? club
■ stands. For th<- links a trad of
600 acres has been teased fur three years.
Tl ■ principal feature of the clubhouse
is a porch sixty feet long and twenty-four
feel deep, running along its entire front
The clubhouse contains a handsome liv
dr< ssing-rooms for men and
women, bathrooms, lockers and quarters
for the housekeeper. The full eighteen
hole course will not be read] I >r .:-• until
winter.
The home-and-home matches between
teams of ladies of the San Francisco and
Oakland yolf clubs have been a good deal
talked of, but bo far nothing has come of
: the talk. The Oaklandtrs blame the S i
Francisco ladies for the delay and the
San Francisco representatives say that
they were all ready but that the Oaldand
irs -lid not come to the scratch. So many
families haw now left the city for the
summer that it is probable the' pr<
matches will not take place for some time.
The Oakland club will issue a summer
programme, and during the month of Au
gust arrangements may be made for a
tournament on the Del* Monte lit b
tween th* San Rafael, Oakland, San Fran
cisco and Burllnsrame clubs.
lii order to Increase the Interest of its
members, the Oakland club keeps a roll
showing the relative standing: of the
players, compiled from the known results
of their games. Bach member bears a
number, and the holder of a lower num
ber may at any time challenge the player
Immediately above himself, and, if he
beats him, takes his place on the roll.
The same player, however, is not liable
t" l>>- challenged more than once In four
weeks unless he chooses. The two play
eighteen holes, match play, and the win-
Ither holds his place or gains a step.
It' the challenged player does not respond
by playing the challenger within two
weeks he forfeits his right and loses one
number, the challenger taking it. A
record of all th< games for pli is to be
kept "ii score cards signed by the players
and handed to the captain. The roll was
at first prepared somewhat tentatively,
bul it will be revised up often as may be
deemed necessary and such changes made
in the conditions as experience may prove
to be most useful In encouraging the
membi rs t< quire a high degree of skill.
The first twenty players in the Oakland
Golf Club, according to their present
standing, are as follows: l, K. v. Folger;
2 c p Hubbard; 3, G. D. Greenwood; -I.
li. M Fitzgerald; 5, I>. P. Belden; 6. J. C.
McKee; 7 W. G. Cooke; 8, .). A. Folger;
9 W. P. .Johnson, 10, P. E. Bowles; 11, P.
G Gow; 12, F. S. Stratton; 13, J. M. Taft;
l-l S. McNear; 15, W. M. Magee; 16, H. F.
Knowles; IT. T. R. Hutchlnson; 18, G. S.
Wheaton; 19, Arthur Gopdall; 20, G. W.
McNear. This list omits the name of one
player who la certainly entitled to a high
place— <that is R. A. Cooke. who repre
sented Oakland against San Francisco in
Burll gam< match, and who recently
won the Tibbi its cup.
Next Friday and Saturday the Santa
Catalina Island Golf Club will hold ai\
open handicap tournament at Aval or On
Friday, at 2 p. m., the open handicap
competition, eighteen holes, medal play,
for women, begins. The second nine holes
will be played on Saturday, beginning at
11 a m. At 9 o'clock on Saturday morn-
Ing the open handicap competition, thirty
six holes, medal play, for men. begins. At
B o'clock on Saturday afternoon an open
driving contest for women will take place,
and at 5:30 o'clock an open driving contest
for men. There will also be men's handi
cap foursomes, eighteen boles, medal play,
with prizes to each member of the win
ning team. In the medal play competi
tions there will be three prises— a first
for best grass score, a first and second for
best handicap scores. There will be a
prize in each of the driving contests. The
winners of first prises in the open com
petitions will have their names and scores
engraved on the cups, which will remain
in the possession of the Santa Catalina
club. Golfers should procure the proper
handicaps from the secretary of their
club and enter them, with their names.
personally or by letter, with the entry
clerk at 222 South Spring street. Tvos An
geles, at or before 12 o'clock noon on
Friday. Entrance fees are to be paid to
the club secretary on the links An the day
of the tournament. If a golfer cannot
procure tfce amount of his handicap from
his club secretary he may state his best
three scores on his home links to the entry
clerk. Special rates for the Bteamer trip
and for accommodation at the Hotel Met
ropole will be made to members of ths
golf club and competitors. Beside? the
regular boats, the steamer Hfermosa will
make special trips between San Pedro and
Avalon. On Saturday night therp will ha
an informal hop in the ballroom of the
Metropole. All amateur golfers have been
invited to enter the tournament.
ON THE LOCAL CRICKET FIELD.
On the cricket ground at Webster
street, Alameda, the California eleven
will meet the Alameda team to-morrow
for the second time this season. On tho
occasion of their first meeting, May 21,
the I'alifornias defeated last year's cham
pion by 36 runs. To-morrnw they will
probably !»»■ without the services of h
H. Cookson. and E. G. Sloman ran hardly
be expected t<> tuke 5 wickets for 11 runs
as he did on May 21. The Oalifornlas have
good bowlers and fielders, but depend on
two or threo batsmen to make the runs
and If these fall the team is likely to
STURDY SCULLERS
BEND TO THE OARS
Men of the Dolphins and Olympians Will
Meet in Friendly Rivalry To-Morrow
at Belvedere.
The Dolphin and Olympic bont clubs
will jointly hold a day of aquatic sport
to-morrow at Belvedere, where the boat
house of the Olympic Club is situated. A
good programme of eight events has been
prepared and a large number of tickets
have been distributed among the oarsmen j
and their friends. The officers of the day
ars'as follows: A. P. Rothkopf, starter; j
J. A. Hammersmith, referee; W. J. Ken- <
nedy, A. M. Stone and A. Schuppert. ■
judges; J. O'Conner, clerk of course; John j
Elliott, timer. Medals presented by A. \V.
Pape and A. P. Rothkopf are offered to
the men taking first and second place in |
the junior outrigged skiff race. The va- j
rious events and the entries arc ;is fol
lows: Junior outrigged skiff race— Victor
Caglierl, Dolphin Boat Club, versus H.
Cobb, Olympic Boat Club; G. Baker. Dol
phin Boat Club, versus J. Hobson,
Olympic Boat Club; Lester Hammersmith,
Dolphin Boat Club, versus George
James, Olympic Boat Club.
Indian canoe race— I*. Hammersmith,
Olympic Boal Club, versus J. Farrell,
Dolphin Boat Club.
Junior four-oared barge race — Olympic
Boat Club: H. Herbert, bow; A. Tifl, No.
2: H. Cobb, No. 3; J. Hobson, stroke; P.
Kane, cockswain. Dolphin Boat Club: !
A. H. Pape, bow; \V. Bush. No. 2; T. Bax- |
ter, No. 3; J. Sullivan, stroke: E. Bart
man, cockswain. Olympic Boat Club: J.
F. ' 'unningham. bow; C. Davis, No. 2;
L. Wertz. No. 3; Otis Crable, stroke; \V.
Everts, cockswain.
Outrigged skiff race— A. H. Pape. Dol
phin Boat Club, versus A. \\ . Pape,
champion of the Pacific const. A. H.
Pape receives a time allowance of 30 sec
onds
1 0-yard swimming race — George Hinkel,
< Hymplc Boat Ciub, versus J. J. Phillips. ,
Olympic Boat Club.
Final heat of the Ariel Rowing Club's
"UtriKged skiff race for novices— Frank
Loth, A. Haughton and Jamf- c O'Connell.
Senior four-oared barge race— Dolphin
Boat Club: Victor Caglieri. bow;
George Baker, No. 2; W. O. Patch, No. .'■'•:
A. w. Pape, stroke; E. Bartman. cocks
wain. Olympic Boat Club: <}f-orgi James,
bow; P. Sturdivant, No. 2; W. Cartwright,
No. 3; H. M. Collins, stroke; P. Kane,
cockswain.
Tug-of-war in whitehalls — Olympic Boat
Club: J. Hobson. A. M. Stone and George
James Dolphin Boat
club: A. W. Pape. W. O. Patch and A. P.
Rol hkopf '■anchorman).
It Is" likely the University of Califor
BOXERS PREPARING
FOR THEIR BATTLES
Ruhlin Is at Blanken's, While Ken
nedy Does His Work at Ocean
Beach Under Tim IHcGrath.
With the championship battle a thing
of the paßt, the local followers of hoxing
can fix their attention on the bouts gched
i;lrd to take place here during- the pres
ent month. Big Gus Ruhlin. the Ohio
giant, will meet Joe Kennedy before the
Excelsior Club on the 26th inst. George
Siler. who refereed the big fight last
night, will be brought out especially to
pass upon the meetlnar of the men here.
As both are husky fellows. It la expected
but little work will derive upon the ref
eree. Ruhlin Is at Blanken's, training
with Otts and Goff und»r the direction of
Billy Madden. The heavy-weights always
draw well here and this Is expected to
prove no exception to the rule. As a pre
liminary to their meeting Charles Tye and
Billy Otta will box ten founds, otts is
the promising youngster who shap.s like
Fitzslmmons in the ring. He hap beer.
winning steadily In all kinds of company
and will go East shortly for the wider
field there. Tye lost to "Cocker" Tweedie
his last time out. but made a game tight
against the clever Australian.
Franey and Goff, the welter-weights.
will have their innings next Friday under
the auspices of the National Club. The
preliminary will be a fifteen-round bout
between Rowan and J.n> Reay of the
Olympic Club. Rowan is with Kennedy
at the ocean Beach under the watchful
.• es of Tim McGrath. Reay trains ai the
i (lympic « !lub.
[•'rank McConnell, who boxed a draw
with Al N'eill. is anxious for a return
match with his old opponent.
J. D. Gibbs, watchmaker of the National
Club, is confined to his home. He has had
a slight attack >>f paralysis, the. second
during the present year.
ko out for a small score. The < 'alifornial
repi sentatives will be chosen on tVi'--!
ground from among th<- following: I m|
Gunn, H. Coles, A. Willis, .1. i>.' Robert-I
son, <;. C. Farrell, W. Reeves F <'-irrl
W. H. Williams, L. Schroeder. B. il AJt-l
ken, E. 11. Hammond. A. I>. Reynolds -\
Dickenson, J. R. Jones and E. <;. Sloman.
The Alamcda representatives wll\ be
chosen from amnnp the following: I j
Moriarty, captain; J. H. Saunders ' F.
("•roll. B. J?irci. V. Speheok. F C Driffleld'
A. Price, i". Stahl. \v. c. Fortman <; li'
Hfllman, (i. J, Baugh and 11. Ward
____£ ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN
QUICKLY AND PERMANENTLY CURED.
/ DR. MEYERS & CO. have long been recognized
as the leading specialists of the West. They treat
•-= st __ ? _ _ aA-j-. _^ _ • " nothing but diseases and weakness
,^^^^^^\# w!lfM^£&sJ^ means, superio^r equipment. Their
>^^?SVKIY V/J%rs&%if^ institution is the largest in America,
VsyjZ&%is2M their methods, remedies and appli-
g?^^Sc^jXVk\y t^^^^^?~ ances time-tried and successful.
PAY WHEN CURED.
lSzs»iz~~t\ r\v\£w\f >^^^-^ Patients may arrange to pay after
3sS=^Ssy D MEYERS i^^s^^ they are well. Consultation and ad-
"^ZSfSJ 'c /- vice free; home cures a specialty.
SgSSSjf q C 9 Dli - MEYERS & CO. have cured
l^^l^^ thousands of men whom they have
'NilSC* V^r£»S*' never seen. Sufferer;; who cannot
S^lr^? Ui^: cnll should writ» for private hook,
y^&s<&ffifls!wklWls>^&^3b question list and advice, prices,
if^-Hg-^ys^^^-^-^-^r-- No printing on envelopes or pack-
ages to indicate name of sender.
All letters confidential. Call or address, DR. MEY-
ERS & CO.,
131 Market Street, San Francisco.
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
HOURS— B to 5, 7 to 8. Sundays 9 to 11.
r.ia Boating Association will send a four
crew to the junior barge race at
Ei Campo if a suitable boat can be ob
tallied. S. J. Pembroke is in eonimunica- y
tlon with President Fryer of the Unlver- *
Bity of California Boating Association.
Hiid has offered his assistance in i-oacning
tht crew. The Alameda Boat Club will
lend a practice barge to the representa
tives of the university, if the Ariels OT
Olympics will lend their barge to the uni
verslty for the race tne crew will almost
certainly enter. The university has hith
erto paid very little attention to rowing
and ha." not appeared in any public event
since its race some /ears ago with the
Columbia Rowing Club. It will be an
excellent thing for amateur rowing on San
Francisco Hay if tne university will take
up the sport in earnest.
The Alameda Boat Club will enter
senior and junior barge crews at El Cana
ls, and possibly one or two junior sklfT
nv-n, but it does not possess any skiff
•nough for a senior to race in.
F. Duplissea. Gus Carson, J. Pallas and
T. Barry of the South Ends were out in a
barge last Sunday and will probably row
together this season. J. Foley, J. Bogan
:?nd "Doc" Flynn have organized junior
barge crews; the "•Doc's" lightweight
crew consisting of himself, H. Hawkins,
\\ . Mead and B. Clements. If Al Rogers
finishps the new barge he is building for
the South Ends a we* k before regatta day
the senior barge crew will row In it at
El Campo. Rogers 5h working hard on.
thf boat, which, though light, is strong
ly constructed. I >r. C. C. Dennis will row
in the senior skiff race-: and J. Foley, and
perhaps C. J'nkins also in the junior skiff
event. The last-named is kept too closely
at work to be able to do much training.
At the next meeting of the club officers
will be nominated to serve during the
enrning half year.
Preparations ar<=- already being made for
the regatta to be held at Astoria in Aug
ust. G. C. Fulton, president of the re
gatta committee there, in a communica
tion to S. J. Pembroke of this
that the course will b< carefully surveyed
so that the times made over it will he "en
titled to publication in the red rds of the
National Association of Amateur Oars
men. He also states thar only men.
of clubs in the National Association will
be permitted to row and 1 amateur
will not be allowed to row against a pro
fessional or aga" - ot in
al! respects an amateur and member of
the association, except In | t ihe
British Columbians. One of the judges of
the Astoria regatta will probably be a
British Columbian and another will cer
tainly be a San Francisco oarsman.
CYCLER KRAGNESS
IS AFTER A RECORD
The Olympic's Great lid^r Will Try
to Lower the Time for Two Hun=
dred Miles on the Road.
Edward O. Krapneps of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen will make a trial to-mor
row for the double century or 200-mile
record. To cover the requisite distance
be will go over the relay route twice,
paced by tandem teams from his club.
The record Is held by C. M. Sorensen. who
made it three years ago. It has never
been lowered because no assault has been
made on it before.
The Alpha (ladies') Cycling ciub cele
! brated Its fourth anniversary by a din
ner at the Spreckels Rotisserie the other
evening. This club flourishes while
stronger clubs composed Bolely of men
have disbanded. Among those present at
the banquet were Mrs. Emma Keller, Mrs.
Louis Fry. Mrs. Henry F. Wynne, Mi.-s
Nona Maguire, Miss Minnie Rousseau,
Miss Marie McCarthy, Miss May Madson.
Miss Louise X many others.
The California Cycling Club' will hold a
run to San Mateo br-ach to-morrow, leav
ing the clubhouse at 8:15 a. m. The club"s
five-mile handicap road race will be held
over the San Carlos course on Ju:
starting at 2 p. m.
The special meeting of the director? of
California Associated Cycling Clubs
to consider the relay race proirst v.
held Wednesdaj evening, .Tun*- 14, at the
Cycle Hoard of Trade rooms in the Par
rott building.
WILL SWIM AND DIVE AT SUTRO'S.
Thorp will be the customary aquatic
sports at Putro Baths to-morrow. In ad
dition to> tht- swimming races there will
be trapeze and hieh divine by the rx
perts. The programme is :is fallows:
yard .la-", novlc< O. Lowentnal, F.
.1. Laird, R. Marston, .1. Kelly, H. Young, M.
Gardiner. C. Kinit-
Special 110 yard race. amatcur«-F. I>urnn,
O. Walla. • --I. H. Mish. P. Matt
ner, C. Donovan. _, , _ _ . ,
High ai\i-K for boy& R. Cooke, H. L*
T, Guerin, W. Eloffman, C. Augustus, F.
lHakrr. C. Jones.
100-yard tub n c G C tie w. Gardiner. M.
,;.,,,,.. , , W-11S-. W. PhU
lfp», H. Stelljea, B. v»rv\. w. rarrow, [..
Beyer (>. Ehrtnan, F. Baker.
Trick and 'i'.vinj: J.
M rHvert G w-: tt, A. BaKnaton. J. Glaa-
Bt ™_ R a • StrohHn, C. Bacigalu^l.I {/IF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ I
San Francisco. §
©
©
© —
o
Q
! LADIES' GLOVES.
9
0
O
2 All the following quotations represent Special Values,
• to which we invite close attention:
c
% LADIES' 2-CLASP LAMB GLOVES, all colors and black, at
§ 70 Cents per Pair.
I
&
S LADIES' 2-CLASP EXTRA QUALITY of LAMB. SKIN
S GLOVES, all colors and black, at
I 89 Cents per Pair.
t
t
o
1 LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH LAMB GLOVES, all colors and
g black, every pair guaranteed and fitted,
§ $1.00 per Pair.
9
c
•
§ LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES (extra quality).
J all colors and black, will be, offered at
@ $1.50 per Pair.
• NOTE — All Gloves guaranteed and fitted.
©
9
0
9
©
©
I LADIES' SATIN PARASOLS (black), silk lining, lace
% trimmed, value $3 to $% each, will be closed out at
0 $1.50.
0
0
a , ,
9
9
m
a
Q
% INCH ALL-SILK BLACK MOIRE RIBBON, value 3oc
© will be closed out at
1 20 Cents.
9
@
•
© 4.HNCH ALL-SILK BLACK SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
2 RIBBON, extra value, will be closed out at
S 25 Cents per Yard.
©
0
9
1 2HNCH ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBON, extra
• value, will be offered at
o 12J Cents per Yard.
&
c
0 _
•
1 2\ and 3 INCH ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBON,
§ extra heavy, value 2sc, will be closed out at
§ 15 Cents Per Yard.
'■a
9
0
© HZ
a
I LACE AND HANDKERCHIEF
©
I DEPARTMENT.
© ** •
9
Q , ,
o
1 LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
S CHIEFS, special lot, at
© 10 Cents Each.
Q '. —
§ BLACK LIBERTY SILK COLLARETTES, special lot to-
© day, at
g $1.15 Each.
1
%
9
§ CAMBRIC INSERTIONS for Shirt Waists, special lot, at
© 83 Cents Each.
©
■
<*
o
» 18-INCH BLACK SILK VEILING, dotted and plain mesh, a
,• large assortment, special lot, at
§ 25 Cents per Yard.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
ANNOUNCEMENT!
OPENING SALE IN A NEW DEPARTMENT !
We take pleasure in announcing to our friends and
the public that we have this day, Saturday, opened a
New Department M Boys' and Children's Clothing.
and are prepared to offer at remarkably low prices a com-
plete and carefully selected stock, embracing all the latest
and most seasonable styles in these goods.
In establishing this NEW DEPARTMENT we simply
aim to supply a long existing demand on the part of our
numerous patrons, especially mothers who desire the oppor-
tunity of outfitting their children while shopping for them-
selves at our establishment.
That the new purchasing facilities which we have thus
provided for our patrons will be found profitable as well as
convenient, a glance at the style, quality and workmanship
of our BOYS' and CHILDREN'S CLOTHING will most amply
prove,
In order that the OPENING of our NEW DEPARTMENT
may be marked by special advantages to purchasers we
have secured in our cheaper lines of BOYS' and CHIL-
DREN'S CLOTHING a varied assortment of Suits which we
will offer, as leaders, at the following prices, to wit :
Heavy Tweed Reefer and Josie Suits at $1.25
Navy Blue, Black, Gray and Brown Mixed Tweeds at
$1,95, $2.80, $3.45 and $4.95
Vestee Suits, handsomely trimmed, at
$1.80, $2.25, $2.50, $3.25, $4.00 and $4.95 each
CRASH SUITINGS, 31 inches wide, suitable for camping and seaside wear. Special value at
BJj Cents Per Yard.
WHITE PIQUE, 29 and 33 inches, a large variety of styles, ranging in prices from
Hi to 35 Cents Per Yard.
WHITE BED SF READS, extra full size, very heavy, Marseilles patterns. Very special at
$i.OO Each,
BED COMFORTERS, summer weight, full size, tufted, fine white cotton filling, soft and fluffy ai
Each.
CREAM DAMASK, extra heavy, suitable for restaurant uses. Special at
35 Cents Per Yard.
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
SPECIAL VALUES IN
LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HOSIERY
Suitable for the Vacation Season.
Two cases of CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK 3-THREAD FINE EGYPTIAN LISLE THREAD
HOSE, spliced heels and toes, in all sizes, at
2O Cents Per Pair.
Two cases of LADIES' FAST BLACK AND TAN COLORED HOSE, all sizes, with extra heavy
heels, full finish, at
1O Cents Per Pair.
One case of LADIES EXTRA FiNE GENUINE IMPORTED LISLE THREAD HOSE, in all the
new and desirable fancy shades, at the special price of
:2O Cents Per Pair.
Two cases of the Onyx Fast Black Imported LADIES' COTTON HOSE, extra fine, with spliced
soles, at 25 Cents Per Pair.
Fifty dozen LADIES' SUMMER CORSETS, made of fine thread netting, latest French shape.
well boned, perfect fitting, extra good value at
49 Cents.
/ Mi Ms Murphy Building, r
[/[/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. /
(gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts* /
\f \jT San Francisco, /
DRESS^ LININGS.
3 Special Values in
DRESS LININGS, as follows?: 32-inch Black Brocaded Taffeta, 36-inch
Black Taffeta, "Moire Finish," and 32-inch Fancy Stripe Taffeta
(black ground and assorted stripes).
Our price, lOc yard.
HOSfISftRS.
LADIES' SILK FRILLED ELASTIC SIDE HOSE SUPPORTERS,
with ribbon bows and button fasteners, colors pink, light blue,
cardinal, yellow
Price, 2Oc pair.
ladiHlts.
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, in patent leather, seal, Morocco and
Mexican carved, in all sizes.
Price, 25c to Si. -25 each.
LADIES' BLACK ELASTIC BELTS, with fancy and steel buckles,
and Black and Colored Beaded Elastic Belts, in a very large va-
riety of patterns at lowest prices.
Side and Pompadour Combs
LADIES' SHELL AND AMBER bIDE COMBS.
2Oc to Si pair.
LADIES' SHELL AND AMBER SIDE COMBS, with fine rhinestone
headings, price 50c to $3 pair, and Pompadour and Empire Combs,
in plain and rhinestone headings, in shell and amber, at all prices.
DRESS TRIIIMS.
6 new patterns of BLACK SILK GIMP TRIMMINGS, excellent value
for 40c.
Special price, 25c yard.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS
lln I n 1 1 1 n PPiA nPin nl I A n
We have just received a large shipment of real Ostrich-Feather
3oas, in black, gray and undyed (natural) color, in 36, 45, 54 inch.
We invite an examination of the quality and prices of these goods.
suitTandlkirts.
Ladies intending summer outings will find it to their interest to
inspect the following special lines, which we offer at particularly in-
viting prices :
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
10 dozen LADIES' PERCALE UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce with
double ruffle,
At sOc each.
7 dozen LADIES' LINEN UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce with ruffle,
finished with three rows of cording at bottom,
At Si each.
12 dozen LADIES' CRASH DRESS SKIRTS
At 35c each.
85 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, fly-front jackets, lined through-
out, skirts well lined and bound,
At $4.90 each.
25 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, tight-fitting jackets, lined
throughout with silk; flare skirts, lined with percaline and bound
with velvet,
At $7.50 each.
MEN'STSSHINGS.
At 34c each.
We offer a choice lot of MEN'S AND BOYS' DOUBLE PRINTED
DRILLING AND SATEEN NEGLIGEE OVERSHIRTS, with
yoked backs and finished seams, and in a variety of new colorings.
At 75c each.
MEN'S AND BOYS' GOLF AND LAUNDERED CHEVIOT AND
PERCALE SHIRTS, both with extra laundered cuffs. Very spe-
cial value.
At Si each.
2 cases of the celebrated "STAR" UNDERWEAR, made from undyed
Australian lamb's wool, and from wool and camel's hair mixed,
medium summer weight, warranted thoroughly shrunk, and of ex-
tra good value.
.■.'■■ .
56
SATURDAY ....JUNE 10. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
_
Addiess All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE .Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
rORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1&74.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IT, CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, I» cents.
Terms l>y Mi.i:. Including Postal:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cain, one year $<{.<><>
DAJLT CALL (including f^un.lay Call). 6 months :;.(><)
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), i months !.."><►
DAILY CALL— Uy Finale Mo:.th Osc
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLT CALL. One Year l.<>»»
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
M W YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. .i \j i iOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YOItK XKWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (d! C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GUOtf CE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. <>. Newa Co.; Great Xorthfrn Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditortum Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
I9AI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
AAission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- ! 505 Po'k street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
■ ■
: I'ag-
■
■
■
th— Bat
■ ■ ■
AUCTION SALES.
a. m..
NO ADMINISTRATIVE IMPERIALISM.
Tl there has
■
tion in fax
- •
j and hi
■
■ ■
■,:-!- to
" ■
■ e — ha\ c had ti i
■
■
>r and the i ■
■ ■
■
■
• i strike
• :• l ]
d without a
■
After a hearty indorsement of Mr. McKinley's ad
ministration t " ... his reiterated purpose, on
behalf of the United States, to confer independence
upon the Cubans, by eulogizing "the magnificent
achievements of our army and navy in the war with
Spain for the liberation of the downtrodden and
oppressed people of Cuba from the domination of
Castilian despotism." This language will bear no
ether interpretation than the distinct preservation of
our national consistency and of our national honor.
... ...
ink in \vl to Rico and
level and. as to each,
nary pi ts that
;m in every part of the country:
"To the same master guidance, controlled by the.
ped- the high destiny of
the Re party, from Lincoln to McKinley, the
mmit the solution of the mo
the future of Cuba, Porto Rico
ity of this declaration
I of every American citi
zen, withoul party, who comprehends
>ur national
Republican party has
■ rty and union, under
• >hio convention
iih thai ■ 'ire th»* American
t record would remain
■
1 tovernmeni
-educed into
, ■ if gambling specula
■ the per
il people as false
to their avowed
ideals, an authoritative
1 been drawn into the
was both opportune
I that hereafter the in
telligence ;{•>)<] the integrity of American citizenship
■
\\\ J. Bryan from his entrance into the field of
• • ' failure. His declared
t, but he has shown
is fused . • were chiefly de
izing fidelity t<> our constitutional
•: the Presidential campaign of 1900.
uniformly maintained the position that
impel ■ ould not be converted into a
c it involves fundamental questions
upon which '• ill patriotic Americans must
rime. The timely and emphatic action of the Repub
lican party, through its State convention in Ohio,
■ ds a note of .loom for th<- hybrid Democracy as
imperial retrogression.
• r M.irk Hanna announces that
he intends to loosen his hold on the national adminis
tration and utilize some of his time in recreation. A
i has been very general that the President-maker
has been having nothing but fun ever since he made
Washington the base of his operations.
Local Democratic forecasters think they see signs
in the skies that may call for the display of a Rainey
weather iiag. r
GOMEZ TO THE CUBANS
—1 1 i ■: old Cuban General does not intend to be
understood as giving up the fight fur Cuban in
dependence and self-government. Gomez has
aspired to these too long to give up now. His
proclamation has a plaintive n I .appointment.
H ■ the United S - the ally of his coun
try, but notes the signs of the times. The fon
words maj be lost < n imperialists, but not
upon I ention of the
: States .is an ally and the downfall of 3
ignty, lie adds: "Bui none of us thought this
extraordinary event would be followed by a military
ur allies, who treat us
lives and who
übmi ;ii m and to
the tutelage imposed by force of circumst inces." No
European diplomat would have described a situation
v. ith gri He pr ■ then to lay hi;
the Cul ;colds them for their divi
i exhorts them to
■ in occupatii >n an i
the begi stand
n pati iot the i s inex
pressibly sad. It if. the dirge and elegy of the best
i twi > !""■■ iples.
In this country there is spreading a set pur] • I
prevent unity in Cuba, to promote their discord and
party spirit and disorder and anarchy, to the end that
that unhappy island shall i rmanentlj
military government i I staj in va us.
■ ■ :ctly well, and, knowing it,
his private bu I ttended
to he will return. Cnles? the American conscience
is roused and quickened his return will be usele
ile is to subject them. In the criti
cal period of our n France came as ou
She sent land ai ' irees and I
When Cornwallis surrend(
we had
vernment. The wore more
■ [ i livi lual than the provinces of
l ■ ■ C gn had ted as a com
fense, bui exercised no other
• ■ . vernment. There w\s no common
; the munimei
in fact,
was paid Want and distress were abroad.
ise that ■ with her army on our
land and her navy controlling our coasts, h;
Id a soil of divine trusteeship of this
■
reaching for 1
■ t us to
iw would ■ v c been written"' I
ns than there was
lelity t than was shown
XIV? [f the 5} ■
'. . the horn irable i ■ mrse of
rd us will be heightened : -i with
ir we threaten in the case ■ Cuba.
Russi; fron Finland to
:ria. than Americari ' tl mselves
v about Provi
missions and the itiny and "the
• ■ do in I
keep com-
I any with John S .....■■
• ved as
■
for them, i nd 1
hard world 1 " the privilege
try change of masters.
A CAMPAIGN THUNDER MILL
G< IVERNI >R SAVERS of Texas has issu
• ■'■nor- and \t
tor Gem I '. Territori< 5 to
ulated to
ization if r at st 10
• ;\ result M
■ ay have been the r< sincere be
■ ■ ■ • • to the pui n but
■ ■■ it is but ffort to ma
campaign thunder for the Democratic party in [900.
The -. who Irr 1 mtrol of the p
ired that another free silver camp
■ in a d< feat even more overwhelming
than that of three years ago. They will uphold
old issue, 1 far as it will serve them
as a means of contn I national convention and
bringi - t the 1 inclination of Bryan. That end
having been attained. Bryan will make, his fight on
some other issue, and just at this time an anti-trust
■ ■ him to be the omising lie can
take.
That a widespread distrust of great combinations of
■ isl in all pans of the United States is true,
bui it is by no mean? 30 intense as it was a few years
nature and objects of trusts were not so
id as they arc now. A short time
it was generally believed that trusts were organized
straint of trade and for the purpose of monopoliz
ertain lines of industry and raising prices to
rs. It is row known that the effects of trusts
■ opposite of what was feared
trade, but so extended it that
our manufacturers are now sending American
products to all parts of the world. It has not checked
-?ry. but stimulated it. and has not raised hut
lowered prices for all classes of consumers.
The original opposition to trusts was not one of
party politics, nor is it such to-day. A Republican
gress enacted the anti-trust law now on the Fed
>ks, and Republican Legislatures, as
well as Democratic Legislatures, have attempted to
prevent or restrict the operation of trusts within State
lines. In fact, Senator Depew has recently stated that
all p rties will in iqt.-o make ami trust planks
prominent in their political platforms. Such planks
will mean that men of all parties are in favor of
king any abuses that may arise from the opera
tion of great combinations of capital, and Bryan's ef
fort to make party advantage out of public sentiment
on the subject will fail. The issue will not be a par
tisan one next year any more than it was four j
ago, nor is it likely the people will be much excited
over it, despite the laborious efforts of Democratic
leaders to work it Up for campaign purpo-cs.
It is worth noting that the stringent anti-trust law
enacted by Arkansas has been recently declared by
the courts to be fatally defective, but not untii it had
done great injury to the State. It had the effect of
driving the great insurance companies out of the com
monwealth, and for several months millions of dol
lars' worth of property went uninsured. The new
Texas law on the subject treats all transactions in
which a tru^t is concerned very much as if it were
gambling, and is about as stringent as any law that
can be devised. The effect there is very apt to be what
it was in Arkansas. Modern economic development
has made large combinations necessary to meet the
intense competition of trade, and States that do not
permit them are sure to suffer heavy losses in more
ways than one.
A cable from Paris is to the effect that France
wants Esterhaitf. His wife didn't
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION WORK
THE current number of the Merchants' Associa
tion Review is mainly devoted to reports of the
fifth annual meeting, but there are papers on
other topics showing the interest taken by the
association iv the general welfare of the city. Two
of these are of notable excellence— one dealing
with the question of providing playgrounds tor chil
and the other recommending the adoption oi
irfs of flushing the sewers with salt water.
Tt is pointed out that in this city there were ar
rested last year upward of 800 boys, most of them for
such ; is of the law as flying kites or playing
ball upon the streets, fi is believed it would be com
easy to provide playgrounds that would
give room to the youth of the city for healthful exer
eisc. and thus put an end to the necessity for such
arrests. In Eastern cities, where places for recrea
tion have been established, the good%esults have far
outstripped expectation and afford strong induce
llow the example,
i a 1 the annual
ladies of ■ rnia
. which 1: . ;1 i" the move
invited to I d take part in the
debate. It is claimed that many of our parks and
city squares are now hardly more than lounging
places for tramps, and that parents do not feel at all
safe in permitting their children even to cross them.
Many of them, it is argued, could .vith public advan
tage be g P iygrounds.
A j ociation will confer
with the California Club as to the best means of pro
moting the proposed improvement, and the time is
perhaps not far distant when San Francisco will not
be behind any city of the Union in providing play
mds for the children • i who cannot afford
gardens or yards of their own.
The q proving the sev ers has been long
•■ consideration. The sewer lents are,
ir; fact, an I i I I ea^ures of our
municipal syst i the purpose oi deriving the
uch sewers as we have.
Mary A. Raymond, eh the sanitation de
contributes to the
Review a sir-- ri I flushing the
ter.
hi • paper it is pointed out that
an effective system
of distribution, and il is said "the Olympic Salt
-os a franchise permitting
into the cil i im the i ■
'. in operation
tt compai • isiv< With the addi
this plant would be
city with sail water
. the
and lire pr< itet ii< >n."
It ■ v. ere done to im
prove ' i and the methods now em
■ - w e have. 1 hat San
s in the world
nature. I itself has
ntain health. The
Merchants' Ass ■ been endeavoring
■ ing about impr< n\ tion of sani
>ped will be as successful in
that as in other pi tents it has cham-
THE DEMOCRAT'S URDEN.
AS wi ■ d man of the sea upon the neel
Sindbad. ; ommittee of One Hundred
uppn li ■ o 1 Umi icracy.
. a burden, a tyranny, an in
cubus, an irrii il ; It sums up in 11 >
tices every form of political iniquity from the
way robbery oi to 1 petty 1 irceny of votes.
Havi the party without the
to be the party
' c itseli as a perpetual
machine.
'!'lh . iripin ent that no
ry of it is ti n as a committee i if
', three G immittee
to i tie in this city.
1 he ■ grew by 1< and bounds to
be the one hundred, and the one hundred grew in a
v night to be the h< id center of the local party.
lip, ti m >k pi issessii >n
rl and, des] I ■ bucking and balking on
the part of the Democrat y, managed to com
the animal t<> obey the whip.
gal ire on the part of the one
hundred that it would resign and give other Demo
crats a chance as soon as the last election was over.
All such promises, however, died with the days on.
which they wore made. A new municipal campai.cn
is in sight, and. behold! Democracy reappears with
the Committee of ( >ne Hundred still holding the reins
;ind omii the w hip.
It is clear that San Francisco Democracy will never
get rid of the incubus until it upsets the cart and spills
the load into the nearest ditch. Nothing less than
such drastic- tactics will avail anything. Kicking on
the part of the donkey is of no effect, for the one
hundred is safely perched out of reach of t lie kicks.
While the cart holds together the committee will keep
its piace. It can be turned out only by a complete
dump or a h up.
ISever before in the history of American politics
was there such a flin I i: played by bosses upon
the rank and file of a party as has been done in this
The original committee of three was to perform
a specific duty and end its career with the fulfillment
of that duty. It appointed a committee of one hun
dred to perform the duty and then disband. The
specific duty was never performed either by the three
or by the one hundred. It never will he performed.
The committee is carrying out a continuous perform
ance through the years, but the act originally an
nounced as its specialty has been dropped from the
programme, and even the most sanguine and patient
spectator of the circus must long since have lost hope
of ever seeing it
The new campaign has hardly opened yet. and the
Democratic don! ej has still a chance to rid himself
of his burden before the heat of the day begins.
There is very little hope for him, however. In fact,
if he should manage to get sense enough to break
away from the incubus, he would be a donkey no
longer, and therefore no San Francisco Democrat.
Dreyfus seemed to think that he could gain no
dignity by resuming the captain's uniform of which
conspiracy robbed him. Since he changed his mind
his supporters seemed to think that he sacrificed
something of his self-respect and won nothing in
compensation.
The Chief of Police of New York says that the first
heavy blow struck in the Fitzsimmons-Jeffries "box
ing contest" will end the affair. Roth of the big pugi
lists entertain the same hope, but for an altogether
different reason.
Dreyfus is fairly embarked now on his way to
France, fty the time he reaches Brest the general
j staff of the French army will have taken to the
, woods.
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD.
The real estate market continues Inac
tive, although ;t few of the brokers ur»
fairly busy ar.<l all are full of confli
There have been no unusually large sah's
reported during the week just ended, but
nevertheless it is known that several l>i«
deals have been practically consummated
and others are only awaiting the pr<
tion of the deeds before being given to the
public. One deal Involving about $100,000
has been closed, but the deeds have not
be n deliver* d, owing to the n< cesslty of
securing the signature of one of tin own
ers, who Is /t present traveling In China.
The document has been forwarded to him.
A valuable piece of property on O'Far
rell street Is also report! .1 to have be< n
sold for something like $80,000, but while
the report comes from goqd authority the
deed has noi yel been signed-. Business
in small outlying residence property
tinues fairly satisfactory, and nearly all
the architects report plenty of orders,
, v\ ould Beem to Indicate a busy sea
, ir the building trades. The sudden
falling < (V In real estate deals imm< di
after the receni flurry is expli
by the following article which appears in
the Maj number of the San Francisco
i:,:il Estate Bulletin, published by
Thomas .M.-ien-e X- Co., Just out:
'I he Improvement In real estate sales
I i ices, which began after the
heavy rains of March, h.is received a
Ided check. This check is <hie to
lcl that, owners of business prop
, r ties have b( i n senl up Into the sky
of high prices by solicitors, who prom
ised them the most extravagant prices
for their property if they would only
, ji :,, them for sale. In no case
have this.' promises been realized, but
th. ;■ ■ ■ ."' : '
to arrest transactions and make buy
ers ] ■ • monej in their
There h.-i.ve been more transactions
ly in residence property, Paciflo
[ghtsward, than in business prop-
Sales have been dull in otln-r
dwi lling portions of the city west
ward. Mission property of all kinds is
very dull of
quify for factory and warehouse prop
erties, but at low prices only. The to
tal number of sales last month waa
onlj 294, of the value of $1,137,823.
The report that a syndicate has been
i mammol h hotel nui
on the Baldwin Hotel site is bellei en to
be true bj i kers, but until some-
IW II t ! ■ • ■ ■
be. found plenty of doubti i
such solution of the question of the dis
of the property is. imminent Is con
,, ,!•■.[, Bui it Is pointed out t M n • all such
schemes are lia*ble to - board un
. ■ - is assured by puti
and nobody h,i> yet been
who will admft that the < oin is yet In
sight Hence the announcement may, af
ter all, prove i nly a flash in the pan.
Boardman, Hooper & Co. report the fol
lowlne n cent sali
Lot on north line of Slitter street,
[37:6 east of Pierce, 55x137:6, for $7000;
lot on the northerly line of Slitter
street, 57:6 east of Buchanan. 5«xll2:8,
for $7000; lot on the soul line ■■: Oak
street, L 62 west of Lott, 30x137:6, terms
private; lot and Improvements, 1911
Pierce street, near Pine, two-story
house of nine rooms and bath, lot
23xS7:t> for $4750; lot on south line of
Frederick street, 275 west of ' 'oil .
75x137:6, for $4WQ: lot on north line of
Vallejo street, 1".7:6 west of Devisa
dero, 27:t3x137:(<, for $3000; lot on north
line of Vallejo street. 62:6 east of
Scott 25x110, for $3000; lot on north line
of Pago street, 165 west of Lott, 27:6 x
137:6. for $3000; lot on southwest corner
of Sanchez and Twenty-second streets,
77:6x105, for $3000; lot on north line of
Union street, 90 west of Devlsadero,
30x137:6, for $2500; cottage, 107 Califor
nia street south, lot 25x100, for $2500;
lot on north line of D street, 32:6 west
of Thirty-sixth avenue, 75x100, for
$1000; lot on north line of D street, 57:6
east of Thirty-seventh avenue, lot 75x
l"". for $1000; lot on east line of Ninth
avenue. 150 north of X street. 25x120,
for $800; lot on east line of Twelfth
avenue, 250 north of Point Lobos ave
nue, 25x120, for $700; lot on west line of
Paris street, 225 south of Brazil ave
nue, 50x100 (Excelsior Homestead), for
JMK); lot on west line of Paris street.
175 south of Brazil avenue; 50x100 I Ex
• • Islor stead), for 1600.
The Mutual. -Life Insurance Company of
New York has begun the work of mod
ernizing the two building's on Sansorrio
i street, adjoining its own strut-tine on
| : the corner of California and Sansome,
; which i: purchased about six weeks ago
! at a cost of $25,000.
! One hundred mechanics' liens, aggregat
ing $61,274, were riled during tin muntn
lof May. In the same period one hundred
1 and one releases, amounting to $20,795,
were filed. There has been a gradual fall
[ ing off in the number and value of the
i liens filed during the past seven or eight
1 years, which is largely due to the com
; mcndable action of the various surety
companies which make a specialty of
bonds, in settling accounts on the quiet
and thus preventing the filing of liens.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will sell at
'• auction next Saturday eighty-four resi
i denee lots situated In the Kimball Tract
! in the town of San Luis Obispo.
Following Is a list of the real estate
, transfers recorded during the past week:
Hibornla Savings and Loan Society to C. C.
Mohun, lot on N line of llalght street, 110 E
of Octavia. ;. 27:6 by X 120; $0000.
J. B. Keinstein to Hort Schloslnger, lot on
SW corner of Green and Laguna streets, S3 2o
by W 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
Bert and Johanna Schlesinger to Annie H.
Thelb-r. fame: $10.
phlne Delmue to Ethellnd V. Danglada.
lot on N line of Clay street, 224:7 w of Cen
tral avenue, W 30 by N 127:8%; $10.
Louis and Rose Llpman, Carl I>. and Llbby
A. Salfleld and Anglo-Californian BanK (Lim
ited), to John and Bridget l'arnell, lot on E
line of Stanyan street, 50 S of Beulah, S 25 by
E l"-::;. $2500.
Georg* J. Ilughaton to George E. Dunham,
lot on W line of Folsom street. ■'■■ X of Eigh
teenth, N 122, \V 122:6, 8 72, X 22:6, B 50, E
1C0; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Chand
ler \V. Burgees, lot on S line of Eighteenth
street, V Eof Hartford. E2sby 9 7;., $1050.
KUian Glee to August and Mary E. Gies, lot
1 on \V lln« of Douglass street, 88 S of Eliza-
I beth, 8 25 by W 125; $600.
Margaret O'Leary to John D., Margaret P.,
: Anna M., Emma and William O'Leary, Alena
(or Elena) O'Connor (wile of J. C), Lillie
Leon (wile of M. S.) and Sarah J. Berkeley
(wife of T. *:.). lot on !• line of Jones street,
77;.; s of Post, S 25 by E 90:8; gift.
George Gamper to Ellen M. Norton, lot on
E line of Larkin street, 80 N of Turk, X :C by
E 50; tliJ.
Pauline C. Bullard to Amelia F. Counsman,
lot on S corner of Harrison and First streets,
SW 43. SE 100, SW SO, SE 78, NE 73, .\\V 175;
! $10.
I Jeremiah Hasgerty (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 20 X
of Twenty-third (Nevada) street, X 23 by W
100; JIIS2.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to An
drew L. and Line Gram, lot on W line of Utah
street, 87:6 S uf Marlposa, S 25 by \V 100; $10.
Alexander B. S. Beely to Mrs. George A.
Schearer (formerly Cornelia v. Seely), lot on
X line of ' lement street, 57:6 W of Fourth ave
nue, W 25 by X 100 (quitclaim deed); $50.
Cornelia V Schearer (Seely), wife of George
A., to <;<:;:•• A. Schearer, same; $10.
Charles and Sophia H. Hitchcock to H. U.
Jaudln. lot on SVV corner or Fourth avenue and
, Clement street, \V 32:6 by ; : 100; $10.
W. H. Mulcahy to Joseph D. Flaherty, lot
.iii SE corner of Eighth avenue and A street,
S 100 by E 82:1 $10.
Wlllard V. and Marie L. Huntincton to
Christopher E. Newman, lot on S line of A
street, 82:6 E of Twenty-third avenue, E 25
; by S 100: $10. +■
Elvira T. Sumner (widow) to-Frank W. Sum
! nor (son), lot on V. line of Van Ness avenue
70 s of Ellis street, S 60 by E 186:6-; gift.
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to William
B. Meckfei • el, li i E line of Steiner street 55
B of Fulton, S 27:6 by E 110; $10.
Glanbatista and Theresa Pnganlnl and Anto
ii.a and Emilia Boleelli to vlctorrlo Uepetlo,
I lot on E line of Scott street, 100 N of Green
: wich. X 37:6 by 13 110; $10. .
Lizzie Nevins to Teresa E. Hlckman, lot on
S line of Page street, 131:3 E of Cole, E ">-, by
S 137:6; gift.
Alexander and Xellle Greggalns to "William
E. P. Crick, lot on X line of Florida street 160
N of Twenty-sixth. X 25 by E 100; $.10.
Louis E. and George A. Zocchl to Dennis
Zoo hi lot on BE corner of Union street and
Union place, E 30 by S 90; $5.
Ernest Brand to George E. Plummer, lot on
SW line of Rteuart street, 56 SE of Mission
SE 0:2 by SW 45:10; $60.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Sarah I
Whetstlne, lot on W line of Forty-fourth aye
nue, 200 B of .1 street, S 25 by \V 120; $10
Joseph J. la Chapelle tiv Elmira Chanelle
(wife of J. J.), lot on S line of Powell ay e
Hue, 150 E of Mission street, E 25 by S mo
Precita Valley lands: gift. w>
W. B. and Carrie L. Miles to Charles nils*
lot on SW line of Roanoke street. 73 N\v n't
Laidley. XW 25 by SW 113. lot 51. block 4 Mis
; slon and Thirtieth street Homestead; $10.'
Mary and Dennis Jordan to American Surety
I Company of New York, lot on :"W line of Weh
Stei street, 47:4 S of Grove, 8 52:8 by \V 97«"
$10. ' '
Same to same, lot on S line of Fulton street
110 E of Stelner, E 27 by S 110; $10. et>
Hugh Huddleßton to Louisa M. Hudr!le*trn
(wife of H.), lot on XE corner of Washing"
ton and Spruce streets, E 77:6, N 127:Si,i i.- ,■,.
: X 25. W 137:6. B 162:8%; gift. *' 60t
Robert and Jennie I. Pleper to Mary F M or
ton -(wife of Andrew), lot on W line of Cn\2
street. 100 S of P.eulah, S 25 by W 100- $10
Mary Durkee to Elizabeth T. Durkee. lot on
. W line of Hampshire street 200 S of Temple
, : (Twenty-fifth), S 10 by W- 100: gift.
■ John J. McConville to J. J. Bauer, lot on W
■ I line of Shot well street, (Jo b or Nineteenth. B
! 3 °E b S LII of Patrick Griffin (by Jam" M Grif
; fin administrator) to Timothy Griffin lot on
' E line Of Hyde street, 112:6 N of A allejo. Is
! 2a Th 3 oma| 2 and 7 Margaret A. Barber to Lena
L C. Shrakkart, lot on N line of Pacific street. ,
■ 160 E of Leaven worth. E 28 by N 60; $10.
• Ann Boyle (widow) to Isabella V ° > '£ lf lot !
: on NW line if Tehama street, 300 taW of Fifth, i
• S McCarthy Company Va corporation) to Emma
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Emma
• Keele, lot 34, block 34, Sunnyside; $10.
Emma Keele to Harry and Rose Delagnes.
"wflha^and Jennie Wolf to Morris Lando lot i
■ on NE corner of Bills and Octavla streets. L
1 27 Farmy ana ß: F?o°rence Mendelson to Charles
A. Fisher, lot on N line of Broadway, 103. 1 V*
1 Eof Fillmore street, E l:4« by N 13*. fi. $10.
I .1 E and Alvina or Alvina Hasselbuscii to
. Leopold P. Moore, lot on S line of Butter street,
110 ; of ],,,.. E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas Flynn to Margaret Flynn. lot on W
, line of Jessie street, 238 X of Twenty-first, X
:l Kate%!''pto'ltz (wife of J.) to .I.**pli Si;'!!*.
lot on \V line of Castro street, 198:4 S of Eigh
teenth, S 24 :s by 'A 125; $10. _
Herman Romlg to llh< mi Knoll, lot on E
line of Homestead street, 210 N of Twenty-fifth,
WMary.E.- Bowen'to Amato Dal Pino, lot on W
lint- of Dusont street. 25 X of Lombard, x ->
by v: 77:6; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to same,
lot on V. line of 1 >vi oi street. 2o N or Lom
bard, N 26 by W 77:f1: $1340.
Henry E. Bothin to James Tomkinson. lot on
NW line of Minna street, 250 S\V of First, MV
50 by NW 80; $2800. .:/_ TT _
Magdalena Nuttall (widow) to George H. F.
Nuttall, same property as In 1614 d SBB, being
undivided three-fifths of lot on NE line of
Third «treet 41, NW of Stevenson. X\S 20, XL
77:6, SE 60, S\V 20, NW 40, SW 57:6. reserving
lame^to' . berta L. Nuttall <'..). George H.
F and J Robert K. Nuttall, trustees Nadine
Nuttall ('*■>. lot on E line of Montgomery
street. 112;« S of Sutter, S 25 by X 87:6, reserv
ing life estate; gift.
\u000ete Masset to John and Annie Healy,
lot on W line of Hitch street, 250 S of Bryant 1
and 200 W of Third, S 25 by W 75; $1700.
Flora E. St. Clair to Charles B. Drew, lot on
NW tine of Paris street, 50 SW of Brazil, NE
50 by NW 100, lot 8, block 12, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Harry Crone to Mrs. John Weber, lot on XI.
line of Sumatra Seventeenth) street, 150 SE
of X". SE 50 by NE 100, lota 43 and 44, block
330 Case Tract; grant.
Jane E. Coghlln to Thomas E. Coghlln, lot
on S corner of Seventh avenue and northern
boundary "f lands of South San Francisco j
Homestead and Railroad Association, W 293 5 j
to Hay of San Francisco, X 2') degrees 39 mm- |
Utea E 300:3, SE 3i.f2:«, lots 17 to 22. block 145,
Salt Marsh and Tide Lands; gift.
Dora Fallman to Christian Marquardt, lots
295 and 297, gift map 2; $l"flo.
Jane 1. Stanford to trustees of Inland Stan
ford Jr. University, 2'i acres bounded X by
Mmshouse Tract, S by Mission and Ocean
macadamized road, \V by lands of James I.
McCarthy, triangular piece, portion of Pan
Ml* lei rancho; also undivided 4-4b> of lot on |
N line of Pine ptr°et, 137:6 E of Stockton, E i
137:6, :," 80, E 20, X 57:6, \V 20, X 17:6, V 68:9,
N 28:4, W 65:9. S 152:4; also lot on XT corner
',; California and Powell streets, N 115:6 by E i
57; also property outside of county, etc.. also i
bonds, stocks, etc. ; grant.
M.ry Barrett (widow) to Mary A. Kearns, 1
lot on V line of Masonic avenue, 100 X of St
Rosens street, X 25 by W 144:7; gift.
James M. anil Victor E. Rulofson to Mary
J. Rulofson (widow), lot on X line of Sacra
mento s-treet, 230 \\ of Franklin, W 30, N 137:6,
E 24:4. S 9:9%: E S:S, S I27:S>*; gift.
Charles 11 Rulofson, Mary J. Rosenberg and
Carrie C. Stice to same, same; gift.
George and Catherine Schmltt to Aristide
Brand, Jot on S line of Turk street, 112:6 W ot
Laguna, VV .' by S 90; $10, etc.
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to August
and Marie E. Scha^fer. lot on E line of Stelner
etri'tt, M 6 S of Fulton, E 110 by a 27 :5; $10.
.1. W. and Mary Smith and Bertha Hahn to
0, H. Lippert and A. J. Hahn. re-reCord 1816
d 325 lot on S line of Waller street, 206:3 W of p
Fillmore, W 25 by S 120; $10.
Pt-t*>r and Julia Martina to Italian-Swiss
Mutual Loan Association, lot on S line of
Hayes street, 193:3 W of Lott, W 25 by S 137:6;
$1".
Nellie B. Reed (Jacobs) to Violet K. Jacobs.
lot on X line of Washington street. D 7:6 W of
Locust, W 40 by X 127 S',4; gift.
\ iolt^t R. Jacobs to Nellie B. Reed, same;
gift.
Charles C. Brewer to George W. and Emma
Brewer, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 125
w of Guerrero, \\ 30 by S 11 ! (quitclaim deed);
$10n0. ■
Mary A. 7>»onard to Rebecca V. McFeely, lot
on SW cornor of Twenty-second and Florida
streets, V, 50 by 9 104; $10.
]"T'l Reis and Samuel Davis to John Pen
niniitnn, lot on W line of Folsom street. 125
S of Twenty-fourth. 9 25 by W 122:6; $10.
William E. Foster, to Charles Main and E.
H. Winchester (Main & Winchester), lot on
x line of Army street, 131:6 W or Noe, W 145.11
by N 114; JjO.
Sharon Estate Company Ctt corporation) to
11:.- .- hi ci I erg, lot on W corner of Second
and Jessie streets. X\v 23 by SW 57:6; $IS,OOO.
Rattle L. Traverse, Clara Stevens, Robert R. j
and Emm:-. W. Munro and Theodore F. and
Jennie S. Stevens to Ellen C. Wingrove, lot on
.-!. lln of Silver street, Vjo NE of Fourth, NE
I m i y >v su; ?i!b(iu.
Thomas F. Clark to Thomas Clark, lot on SE
line of Minna street. 197:6 M: of Seventh. NE
25 by SE >■ i ; also lot on SE line of Minna
street. 2.' 1 0 NE of Seventh NE 25 by SE 71 .
also lot on S line of McAllister street, 82:6 W
n( Franklin. W 27:6 by. S 120; $10.
Mary A. Martin to Walter Welch, lot on W
line of Twelfth avenue. 275 N of California
street. X 25 by W 120: HO.
Frederick G. and Frank L. Bllnn to Faustina
H. Paulln, lot ■ ii X line of Ellis street. 192:6
W of Franklin, W '.':t; by N 137:6, quitclaim
deed; $5.
Adam and Margaret Gauch to Nicholas
Prost, lot on W line of Ruchanan street, 112 :6
N of •■'■-. ton, X 2.". by W 87:6; $5.
Edward R. and Judith C. Stettintus to Ed
ward and Bertha Ehrhorn, lot on X line of
Lombard street, ,110 X of Fillmore, E 27:6 by X
112:6; $10
Thomas T". and Hannah H. Northey to Min
nie X. Wellbanka and Lena X. Northon, lot on
s line of Eddy street, 30 E of De.visadero. V.
30 hy S 137 6; grant.
Patrick King to Kato Kins, lot on X line of
Ellis street, 30 W of Scott, W SO by X 75;
gift.
Anna and Gottfried Raisch to David Beidler,
lot on N line of Grove street, ISO W of Hr- d
erirk. \V 50 by X 137:6; $10.
Charles H. Araey to Joseph Frledlander, lot
on E line of Stanyan street. 25 S of r.--ulah. S
25 by E 106:8; $10.
Florence R. Frisbee to Xels S. Kelson and
Louis Stevenson, lot on E line of Xoe street,
27:8 X of Henry. X 25 by F 106; 110.
Sophie Meyer (widow) to Charles and Bertha
Oberfeld, lot on X\V corner of Twenty-ninth
and N'oe streets, x 26:6 by w 106; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Sarah I/an
can. lot on E line of Vermont street. 50 N of
Twenty-fifth (Tolo), N 25 by E 100; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Martin Kelly,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 200 X of Cali
fornia, X 25 by E 120; $10.
Willard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton. to
Thomas A. Mclntyre. lot on W line of Ninth
avenue, 150 S of R street. S 25 by TV 120; $10.
Eliza J. Coombs to Henry Xorthrup, lot on
W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 150 X of M
street, X 75 by W 120; $10.
Samuel Weifheimer to Alfred Weilhelmer, lot
255, Gift Map 1; Rift. • .
The following builders' contracts have
been recorded during the week:
Mrs. Jessie T. Boyce (owner) with Charles
Koenlg (contractor), architect August Nordin—
All work except mantels, gas fixtures shades
finishing- hardware and plate glass for a 2-story
frame dwelling on lot on X line of ValleJo
street, 95 W of Webster, W 30 by is 187:« West
ern Addition 321: |3594.
Kaspar Pischel (owner) with John II
Keefe (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blals
dell—Painting, finishing, waxinK and staining
for a double dwelling house on lot on B line of
Callfornia_ street, 120 W of Franklin. \v 7;, by
S 137:fi: $1745. -
Charles S. and Ida M. Osborn (owner?) with
Geoige N. Salsburj' (contractor), architect
none. Alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame building (fiats) at 1606 Hush
street, near Franklin; $1349.
Jonas Bchoenfeld (owner) with Ickelhelmer
Bros, (contractors) architects Salfleld & Kohl'
berg. Gas fittlriK and plumbing for three
three-story frame buildings on S line of Pin«
Btreet, 157:6 W of Octavla. W 87:6 by S 137
; $4!t")0. ' '
Same owner with Lutge & Nagel (contrac
tors), architect same. Painting and gralnlne
for same on same; $1450.
Joseph Hyman (owner) with F. W Kern
(contractor), architects Percy & Hamilton.
1 All work for additions to a two-story frame
dwelling on X line of California street. No.
1916: $1260.
Jennie E. Strauss (owner) with W. R. Kenny
(contractor), architect A. J. Barnett— All work
for a 1-story frame building on SE corner of
Elßhte»nth and Stanyan streets, E IP 1 - 8 S 25,
W 106:7, X 25:1; $1600.
William Rotroeky (owner)»with Philip Rive
(contractor and architect)— All work; owner to
furnish mantels, tiling, marble In vestibule, gas
fixtures, shades, painting, plastering, glass and
electric wiring for a 2-story, basement and
attic frame building (two Hats) on • S line of
Turk street. 110 E of Webster, S 137:6 by 27:6;
$4231.
A. G. McFarland, (owner) with J. B. Mo-
Kenzle (contractor), architect, nemo. Altera
tions and additions to make a three-story
frame building (three flats) at 712 Ellis street.
Rough framing and furring done. $700; plas
tering and outside finish done. $600; completed
and accepted, $687 50; thirty-five days after.
$fi«2 50; total, $2650. Bonds, $662 50; Charles
Klein and a Korbel, sureties. Limit, sixty
working clays; forfeit $."■ per day. Plans and
specifications filed.
J. S. Morgan & Sans (owners) with Wels
mann &- Whittle (contractors), architects.
Havens &- Topke. All work except plumbing,
gas fitting, electrical wiring, elevators, side
walk and sidowalk lights for a five story and
basement brick, stone I and iron warehouse
on the southwest corner of Second and Stev
enson, south 25 feet by west 95 feet. Brick
walls up ready for : first story joists, $2000;
same for third story joists. $3000; brick work
finished and accepted, $3000: entire work fin
ished and accepted, $3960; thirty-five days
after, $4320; total, $17,280. Bonds, $4320; Th
W. Fisher and John Doelger sureties. Limit,
ninety working days after removal, of old
buildings; forfeit. $25 per day. Plans ami
ationa filed.
Tam-s D. Phelan. Alice P. Sullivan, A.. cc
and Mary I. Phelan, executors estate Jamrs
I'helan (owners) with A: McElroy (contrac
tor)' architects, Curleti & M All work
for a three-story frame building (ten Bats a:i\
six stores) i the southeast corner of South
Park and Third. Progressive payments iswlo
on the Ist and 15th of each month in sums
eaual to 75 per cent of value of work d.,:ie
and material furnished: 25 per rent thirty^
five days after completion; total, $25,974.
Bonds $6493 50; Fidelity and Dei 'sij Com
pany 'of Maryland, surety. Limit, ir.fi worki
days; forfeit, $15 per day. Plans and spec-
I^Vh^ Murker (owner) wlih Chesney & Mm.
ler (contractors), architect, R. Zlrhmermann.
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building (two flats) on W Devlsa 86:6 S
Grove S 26 by W HO. Frame ur>. $700: root
on, floors laid, partitions net and building ,-- n .
closed $800; white coated, $900; building ac
cepted $1011 15; thirty-five days after, $1147 15;
total [$4588 60. Bonds. $1147.15; Thomas !i.
Nolan and A. H. Mull suretres. Limit.
elifhty working days: forfeit, ?^ per duy.
Plans and specifications filed.
COL, KELLOGG
COMPELLED TO
RETURN HOME.
He Relinquished Con.
mand at Honolulu.
General Shatter returner! from Bakers*
j fiekl yesterday morning and spent the ■ •.•
at rlepartment headquarters. One of ii;s
callers was Colonel Ertgar R. Kellogg ofV
the Sixth Infantry, who returned from'
Honolulu on th( Doric. It will be remem
bered that only a short while ago Colonel
Kellogg sailed from here in command of
the Sixth Infantry. At the time he had
been advised by his physician that i,.*
would be unable to stand the life in the
! Philippines, but he was hopeful that the
sea voyage might rl.> him good. After
leaving San Francisco he was taken i
| with malaria, and when he reached Hono
\ lulu he was advised by the surgeons of
the regiment that if he continued the trip
; he would do .so at the risk of hLs life.
. Colonel Kellogg Is only one of the many
American officers who have had their con
: Btitutions undermined by disease contract
. Ed in the Cuban campaign. At that tim.j
be was lieutenant colonel of the Tenth
Infantry nd served through the trying
| times around Santiago with gallantry and
. distinction. While in Cuba he contracted
malaria and another dreaded disease,
from which he has never been able to rid
himself. Colonel Kellogg has been advised
: that he will have to take a long rest be
fore he can ever hope to again report
i for duty. He expects to go to San ]>iego,
where he will be joined by his family.
Colonel Hogg is greatly disappointed
that he was not able to go the Philippine^
and share the fortunes of his command.
The remains oi First Lieutenant Jacob
H. G. Lazelle, Eighteenth Infantr-,-, who
died on one of the transports last year
while en route to the Philippines, were
interred in the cemetery at the Presidio
yesterday with full military honors. Lieu
tenant Lazelle was the first American offi
cer to die on a transport. The funeral
I took place at 1 o'clock. The band of the .
, Twenty-fourth Infantry played the fu- -^
neral march. A detail from Company G,
Twenty-fourth Infantry, under the com
mand of First Lieutenant H. B. Nelson,
acted as the escort. All the officers sta
tioned at the post, with three companies
from the Twenty-fourth Infantry and
four troops of the Fourth Cavalry, formed
the cortege, Lieutenant Lazelle was a
son*of Colonel Lazelle of the army. The
following officers acted as pallbearers:
Captain J. C. Castner, Fourth Infantry;
First Lieutenant H. L. Laubach, Twenty
third Infantry; First Lieutenant E. L 5.
"U'inans. Fourth Cavalry; First Lieuten
ant Klrby Walker, Fourth Cavalry; First
Lieutenant E. O. Serratt, Sixth Artillery;
First Lieutenant C. H. Miller, Twenty
fourth Infantry.
Captain Robert H. Noble* acting- in
spector general and aid upon the staff of
General Shatter, has been detailed to in
vestigate the charges preferred by Cap
tain Batchclor of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry against Chaplain Bateman at Fort
Spokane. The captain alleges thai the
chaplain tried to usurp authority over his
troops and replied in an insolent manner
to him. A court-martial may be the result
of the investigation, but it will be very
unusual for a chaplain to have to appear
before a court.
Private Richard C. Hylanrt, Company J,
First California Regiment, now at the
! general hospital at the Presidio, has been
! discharged from the service by
• d."
Private Frederick Kamm of the Hos
pital Corps, now in this city, has been
■ assigned to and ordered to report to the
ral hospital at the Presidio.
Sergeani Thomas Stapleton, • '.•mp.iny L,
LSeventh Infantry, and Private William 11.
i Company 1- of the a
having; reported from Jefferson ban X
> Missouri, have been ordered to the :
■ cia barracks for duty.
Privates John A. Sebenius and Phllir>
■ Schmitt. Company B. Fourteenth
fantry. having been reported I
■ l 1 Angel Island as unfit for dvi
hilippines have been horn i i
rharßpd from tho army by their p< -
mander under an order from depart)
headquarters.
Private Max F. Goldsmith, TI -
Corps, now on duty at the hospir
Honoluljj, has been ord< ■ ■
from the army under a special | i
from the War Department.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
"Cupid the Golden," will be in
Sunday's Call.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MeKINLEY'S CABINET— R. F. &., l-«y.
The list of the members of McKinley.a
■ Cabinet was published in this department
i on the ISth of May.
A GERMAN COIN ' S.. City. The
German coin of the reiprn of Frederick
Wilhelm of Germany which you descnp*
| has a selling value of about 2j cents.
1 RETURN OF THE SOLDIERS— M. A.
X., City. As soon as the soldiers now at
the Philippines start for home the fact
will be made known through the news col
umns of The Call.
SILK— S M., Oakland. Cal. This corre
spondent la formed thai the department
n « An«;ii-nrq to correspondents never ad-
*any°manufacWef a or business
firms and for that reason cannot give the
' names of the firms aaked for.
PATTERN MAKERS' UNION— M. M. j
B ' City The headquarters of the I ' !t - J *
tern Makers' of San Francisco are
: In the ™a czar building; andf meetings ara
held the first arid third Wednesdays of
each month. .
MEDA LS FOR VETERANS-P. T.. Bel
-,.,',],.'.■ Cal The announcement has re
peatedly been made in The Call that the
f»m£ thai are being raised by. the Na
live Sons' Medal Association is for the
nnrnoseTol! obtaining medals to be pre
sented to every volunteer in th; Spanish^
American war who enlisted in California.
■ The "movement Includes the Sixth Sev
enth and Eighth regiments of Califor-
n ia " so you will note as it includes these
: the committee has not. as you suggest,
', ••if it does not included these regiments
the committee has made a serious mis
take." t
Cal. glace fruit . 'Or per lb at Townsend's.*
■ • »
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepu the Main 1042. •
Watchman of Chinese
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap
pointed William Borreo as watchman at
the Chinese detention* sheds at the Mail
dock. Mr. Borreo was on the extra ia
borers' list and was promoted to rill the
vacancy caused by the promotion of Alex,
ander Dumas Jones to an inspectorship.
■ m « .
j The Rio Grande Western Railway
I Take pleasure In announcing the Inauguration
! June 1. 1539, of a complete dlnlng-car service
j between Ogden and Denver on all transcontl-J
i nental trains. Service a la carte. General i.A
flee. 14 Montgomery st.
■ ♦ . .
If your stomach is deranged try a half spoon
ful of Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bitters In a Uttl*
, wine before meals.THE RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS
ADOPT A NEW GRAIN SCHEDULE
Till: Board of Railroad Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon
anlmoualy adopted the
X new grain schedule prepared by
Commissioner Laumeister, as-
I by J. C. Stubbs of the Southern
Pacific Company.
The new schedule covers every point
"ii the Southern Panne and Valley
and, according to the Commis
- an average reduction of
10 per cent on the schedule in force
January 1, 1899. It is held by the Corn
that It is more favorable to
the farmers than the La Rue schedule
RATE ADOPTED JUNE 9, 1899.
Then follows th^ schedule, which fills
gal-i ap paper,
The <"a!l presents an ab
th, together ivith corre
under I : • dule,
Ints In the San Jnaquin
S ith-rn California, where
;;"rs admit they have
iha nge. Following the
. ■ - this paragraph:
Th° secretary of said board is
hereby ordered to forthwith have this
resolution and schedule of rates
printed, and as soon as printed the
same shall be served upon said
Southern Pacific Company and put
into force and effect according to law.
Adopted and approved this 9th day
of June, 1899.
E. B. EDSON.
Chairman,
C. S. LAUMEISTER,
N. BLACKSTOCK.
W. T. SESNON, Secretary.
WANT A LINE
ON POST, BUT
NOT ON GEARY
Merchants Before the
Minority.
Beveral m< mbers of the North Central
■ with
Mayor Phelan and the minority members
Lrd of Supervisors in the May
or's office at noon yesterday for the pur
.-■■•. advisability of
c Market-street Railway Corn
Bargains Galore for To-Day (Saiurday) and Monday.
LADIES' SHOES ...50c MEN'S WOOL SUITS • $6,00
r _. _ .i.,, ( Iflrt 1- low c v,,,,.« ox- Double-breast, square corner or single-
g^dvar, [S£^ l^pa^llS l^!
styles, worth ,-, sizes z i to 4. for flt credll storos .
LADIES' BOOTS 75c LADIES' SEAMLESS HOSE- 12 l-2c
These are our hish srade Ptork: worth $2 50 These are our great leader, 2 pairs for the
to $VoO- Flzes 2 to 4; In narrow widths, for price of one at many stores; why not buy
city' trade or for Rlrls' wear; A, B. C them and wear them— black or tan.
You save big money on shoes by coming to p UR i TV SOAP, 20 bars 92c
one Cl AQTIPQ Rp i COCOANUT, Special No. 27—
S-IIL ILAoIIuu vv Bchepp'a Cocoanut, new Improved, shredded.
O.UI. uun«nww Mb. cartons, 6-Ib. |1 09. 1 for 24c
These are black or white children of all _„«__. , „,,-, o , , . T __
Fi7.es or for ladies' wear. You cave more CHOCOLATE, Special No. 28 -
than half on our offers. Stollwerck's German Chocolate, surpassing-
EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS 5c BA^; : ||!l§|f lio
Th,. . are being sold to close a special pur- ,_.;,,, ,
,',;'.;..■ 100 dozens only at this low price. Crown imported 1-lb. packages 10c
You ray 10 cents elsewhere. BUTTER, Special No. 30 —
_„ «» ...„.„ Creamery, direct phipment: best fresh qua!-
QUANTITIES NOT BROKtN. sij£^:.ZZ^.Z..Z!!!!j&5 i j£^:.ZZ^.Z..Z!!!!j&
Tomato Catsup, 4-gal. kegs ji 74 — — —
Choice White Flour, per bbl 320 ><r ' *** ** _
iip^:::::::^ CASH STORE
Fine Table ßice. 100-Ib. bad <» %^ /m^^ H -4» I \J t\ ■»
i^^^-Z:::^ 25-2T Market St,
Baatero Ham,, sugar cured. 100 lbs 11 25 ZO Z i 1T1»I 01,
Rates In Pan Joaquln and Xapa val
leys and in Southern California are un
changed from the old schedule, as the
Commissioners hold that rail and water
competition from those points has al
ready reduced the tariff far below ex
isting rates, or any rates suggested, for
that matter.
No attention whatever was paid to
the La Rue schedule, the preamble to
the resolution merely repealing all
tariffs row In force and establishing
the new rates. The preamble reads as
follows:
It is hereby resolved and ordered
By adopting this schedule and order
ing it Into effect at "nee the board
from the predicament it was
placed in by Its action in repealing the
resolution of the previous board pro
viding for a new schedule, afterward
adopted and known as th~ La Rue
schedule, but n<>t repealing the
schedule itself. Attorney General Ford
was expected t<> render an opinion to
the board yesterday as to whether the
"L.t Rue schedule is new in full effect,
but he did not do so, and by the clause
repealing '"all tariffs in force" there is
no longer any necessity for such an
iplnli m.
The question is of vital importance to
farmers, though, for if the La Rue
schedule went Into effect after the dis-
I solution of the injunction restraining
the old board from enforcing it. the
Southern Pacific is liable to heavy
damages for every overcharge it has
made for shipping grain. But yester
day's action places the matter in such
shape that the only way it will ever b»
st-ttled is for some shipper who has
been compelled to pay the old rate to
bring suit for damages for overcharge,
' pany permission to build the so-called
corkscrew road and also to change the
motive power of the Post-street line to
electricity and to extend it down Mont
gomery street fmm Post to Jackson. All;
of the members *f the dub are property
owners or business men whose interests
ar.- centered in the district below Mont
gomery street ar;d north of Market, and ;
they say they are anxious that the pro
privileges be granted, believing ;
that the improvements would prove bene- 1
ficlal to property In the district.
Somp of the rnemb- rs stated that they i
had called upon the officials of the rail
way company and had been assured that
the company will consent to build the i
< . rkscrew road down Post street fn>m
Taylor Instead "f down Geary, as peti-
I fur. Their only conditions were i
that the connecting franchises which are
asked fur In order t<> make the line con
tlnuous shall be granted for a period of
thirty-seven years, a period representing
the life of the existing franchises. Also
tl.at they be permitted to use overhead
wires Instead <'f the underground system
'■f electricity. Mr. Crocker told the nnm
bera of the club, so they stated, that un
less these privileges were granted, he
v.iii ld never consent that the Market
' street Railway Company build another :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1893.
by the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners of the State of California that
all tariffs in force, fixing or estab
lishing rates for the transportation
of straight or mixed carloads of
grain, bran, shorts, middlings, feed,
ground, cracked or rolled barley and
cracked corn in sacks, between San
Francisco, Oakland wharf. Port
Costa, Crockett, Nevada dock,
South Vallejo, Stockton, Sacramento,
Marysville, Los Angeles, Port Los
Angeles, San Pedro and stations here-
Angeles, San Pedro and stations here-
RATE IN EFFECT JANUARY 1, 1899.
1 and In that way obtain a decision of
court.
A resolution was adopted by which
Stockton was given 50 cents differential
over Port Costa. The Southern Pacific
wanted the differential reduced t<> 80
cents, but the board acceeded to Stock
ton's request.
After the grain Bchedule had been
adopted, the following resolution was
offered and passed by the votes of
Laumeister and Blackstock, Edson op
posing it :
That the services of nil spe
cial counsel for this hoard be ami the
. dispensed with, and the
A.tt irhey General ttt the State is hereby
requested to take exclusive charge and
management of all legal questions and
proceedings pertaining to said b'«ard and
. the affairs thereof.
A certified copy of the resolution was
ordered served on Attorney General
Ford and Robert Y. Hayne and W. YV.
Foote, the two latter having been em
! ployed as special counsel for some time
past
The board then adjourned until next
Monday, but before the members had
left the office they were called back,
I the motion to adjourn rescinded and on
motion of Commissioner Blackstock,
seconded by Laumeister, the following
! resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Santa Fe. San Joa
j quin Valley and California Northwestern
roads, by their representatives, art- here
j by ordered to appear before this commis-
I sion at its next meeting and show cause
foot of street r.illwav in San Francisco.
Mayor Ehelan told the members of the
club "that he saw ho particular objection
to granting the privileges ami franchises
I asked for provided the interests of the
| entire community were protected. He
i pointed out that the Post-street lino runs
! through a very nice risidence portion of
thr ''My and that overhead trolley wires
'■■ would make the streets unsightly. Added
Ito this v.as the objection to overhead
wires in the business district on account
; of their hindrance to firemen in fighting
fires. He Bald that so fa. as he was ln
i formed the chief objection to an under
ground system was the added expense In.
i putting and keeping in repair an under
ground conduit. This, he said, could not
apply to the Post-street line for the rea
son that the present cable conduit will
'■■ serve the purpose for underground wires.
In regard to the percentage of receipts
that rould be demanded of the railway
' company In return for the desired prlvl
ltge the Mayor said tie believed there was
nothing In the law to prevent the Board "f
Superlvsors from fixing the amount at a
figure that would be In accordance with
the provisions of the new charter.
The property owners replied that they
did not care what conditions were exact) d
provided they did not prove to be pro
hibitory. They needed the road, they said,
and they held It to be their right that
their wishes and the demands of the large
business district should be heeded by the
! legislative and executive branches of the
| municipal government.
At the- conclusion of the conference the
Mayor and the. minority members 0( the
board held an executive session for the
I purpose of outlining the stand they will
; take relative to the privileges under con
sideration. They all expressed the belief
! that it would be well to gr:mt the privi
leges asked for, subject, however, to cer
tain restrictions. Chief among this.- is
, tin question of overhead wires. All were
agreed that an underground system
(mould be used. The Mayor said that he
would telegraph to New York for particu
lars as to the cost of the underground sys
tem as compared with rverhead wires.
Further consideration of the matter was
postponed pending the receipt of the do
sired Information.
Town Talk.
Decidedly the best of the weeklies this
week is Town Talk, the striking feature
of which is a story which will interest
everybody, but particularly those nu;n
who were on the stock board in the early
seventies. The story is called "The Quick
and the Dead," and the scenes are laid
here and In Paris. . Louis A. Robertson
contributes a striking poem, and the
Court Reporter has some' line stork's
about City Hall people In his World if
Law. The dramatic department contains
some strong critiques; Willard Batcheld r
talks about "good things" in pupils; Al
fred Metzger writes entertainingly of mu
sical matters, and Mary Frances Franda
tells where the local songbirds have flown
for the summer. The Saunterer depart
ment'absolutely brims over with exclu
sive news, related in lively language,
about people one knows in the swim and
at the clubs. World of Letters and edi
torials include a readable number. •
.■'■'.- ■ ♦ ■
For a Chinese Hospital.
At a meeting of the Health and Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
held yesterday afternoon, the committee
agreed to grant permission for the es
tablishment of a Chinese hospital at 82S
inafter named on the Southern Pa
cific Company's system of railroads
in California be and the same are
hereby abrogated, rescinded and re
pealed; and that it is hereby further
resolved and ordered that the follow
ing be and the same is hereby fixed
and established as the tariff or
schedule fixing and establishing the
rates for the transportation of grain
pr ' other articles above mentioned
c id lines between the stations
1 nafter named as follows:
! why the grain rates adopted by those
roads should not be made to conform to
the rates promulgated for the Southern
Pacific Company.
This resolution is harmless on its
face, bujt it is said to contain a joker
of huge proportions. When the Valley
road was In a position to bid for busi
ness Tt adopted a Krain schedule far
below the regular rate, thereby cutting
deeply Into the Southern Pacific's most
profitable business, in order to haul
: any grain from the Ran Joaquin Valley
i the Southern Pacific had to meet this
■cut, which amounted to something over
j 20 per cent, or more than double the
i reduction made by the schedule adopt- »
! ed yesterday.
It Is asserted by railroad men that ,
' the order is made for the ourpose of
forcing th* j se competing roads to aban-
I don their own schedules and advance :
grain rates to tht- limit laid down by
the new tariff. This would enable the '
Southern Pacific to do the same and '
the farmers who have enjoyed the
blessings of real competition for the
past two or three years w..uld again
have tn suffer. This explanation si ma
; entirely probable in view of the fact
: that no change whatever was mad" in
th»' old rates wherever there is active
competition.
Thfr accompanying- tables «Hve the |
new and old rates from the principal
shipping points throughout the State,
excepting where there are no changes
made, to the terminal points.
Sacramento street, it being stipulated that
nn person suffering from an Infectious
dist-as" shall be treated in th.- institution.
The resignation "f Thomis A. Kelly,
clerk of Police Court '■<. was accepted. The
appointment of Frederick A. Elliott t,o fill
the vacancy was reenmmonded.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
Members of Societies Chosen to Direct
Their Affairs for the Ensuing
Term.
Division No. 1, A. •'. 11., 7i..,in1 Of Km:.
hns elected the following named as its offi
cers for the ensuing term: Timothy Shanahan,
president; M. Hayes, vice president; J<ihn
Cronln, recording secretary: M. Donovan,
financial secretary; I. M. Cleary, treasurer,
anil M. McOivney, sergeant at arms. This
division, since Its institution iti 1868, ha? paid
nut in sick anil funeral benefits the sum of
$71,000.
The follnwinK named have been chosen offi
cers of Olympus Parlor, N. S. G. W.: Mark
A. Irvine, president; William M. Abbott, .1.
i' Herold and Frank flattery, vice presidents;
Julius Epstein, marshal; John T. Cosgrove,
r< r.lir.R secretary; W. J, Phelps, treasurer;
James P. Kllr<i.v, trustee; Thomas }'. Ho.ikin
anil J M. Quigley, surgeons; James A. .Simp-
Bon, junior pat-t president.
Mi^-lon Parlor. N. S. O. W., will have for
its officers for the next term: William Hum
phrey.", past president: Paul Neppert, presi
dent; Del B. Rowley. Frank Tlbbetts and Kd
Oirslkowsky, vice presidents; l>r. Meyersteln,
marshal: James Ellison. reeordliiß secretary;
Harry Hartman, financial secretary; Frederick
Qerdes, tifHsurer; H. Mays, organist, and John
Ula^k. M. T)., surppon.
Norman l^xltre No, 1841, K. and 1,, of H.,
has elected the follow ins named: William Paal
burgr, dictator; Joseph Morris, vice dictator;
Joseph McGiffln, assistant dictator; J. Gans,
reporter; I. J. Joyce, financial ri-porter: F. W.
Zehfuss, treasurer: .1. Brock, chaplain; William
Granfield. guide; N. H. Hlrfhfeld, guard; A.
Bellg, sentinel; 1). Davis. N H. Hlrshffeld
and J. C. Sawtelle. trustees. William J. Kel
ley will become the junior past dictator.
Warning Against Mussels.
The Coroner's jury in the inquest on tho
body of Gracie Gordan, who died last
Wednesday evening from peritonitis su
perinduced by inflammation of the bow
els, returned a verdict stating that fact,
coupled with n recommendation to the
authorities to t;ik'- Btepa to prevent the
sale of cooked or uncooked mussels.
Bit His Nose Off.
John C. Stammer was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging him with may
hem. The complaining witness is C. D.
Bruepßmann, a driver for the Hygeia
Water Company. 420 Kiprhth street, Stam
mer used to be the manager of the com
pany, but lost his position and is now a
driver. He blamed Hrueprprmann for
"knocking" him. and Wednesday knocked
him down in the office and bit off a por
tion of his nose.
Mr. George Hayes at intervals will intro
duce grand opera in Rag Time at Kapp &
Street's Tajnale Grotto to-night. *
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Alice G. Clark, San Francisco, $839; no i
assets. George A. Brown. Auburn, Placer '
County, brakeman, J912 85; no assets.
■ • ■
Story of the richest clergyman in
the world, in next Sunday's Call. ,
NO DESIRE
TO BOSS THE
DEMOCRATS
Garret W. McEnerney
Declines the Job.
RAINEY'S LATEST SCHEME
FIRE DEPARTMENT LEADER
ANXIOUS TO RETIRE.
Politicians Assert That He Has No
Powe: or Patronage to Transfer.
His Authority More As
sumed Than Real.
SAX FRANCISCO. June 9. 1599.
Editor The Call: Will you have the
kindness to insert In your issue to-mor
row the Inclosed letter addressed to the!
• ■'lit..r of the Chronicle, and which you j
will lind to be self-explanatory:
GARRET W. McENERNET.
SAX FRANCISCO, June 9, 1599.
To the Editor of the Chronicle; The ar
ticle on the twelfth page of th>- Chron
icle to-day, beaded "Garret McEnerney
Named by Rainey as the New Bourbon
is without foundation in fact.
i am not now, nor have J ever been, nor;
will I ever be, an active politician, a boss
politician, a political leader, a disburser
of political patronage or a seeker alter
political preferment. J am an attorney,
engaged in the proper upholding of such
causes as I believe are right and honor- !
able, and have no other ambition except '
tv continue to hold the good "pinion of:
those of my fellow-citizens who have I
honored me with their friendship and con
fidence.
1 have not taken the interests of the!
Fire Department into my charge, nor!
have 1 any wish to shape the policy of :
the Democratic party, whether State or
l"i al.
The gentleman responsible for the arti
cle in your paper was misinformed.
J have sent a copy of this letter to the i
other newspapers for publication. Yours !
very truly,
GARRET W. McE NE I iKE Y.
The Btory published in a city paper
yesterday that Samuel Rainey had abdi
cated as a boss and transferred the teins
of bossism to Garret McEnerney is prob- i
ably correct as far as Rainey is con
cerned, but is wrong in its application to'
Mr. McEni rney. The politicians who i
know what is going on behind the .-•
: doubt very much whether Rainey has
any power or privileges in the line of i
bossing to transfer. Buckley maintains
with a Rood deal of earnestness and !
frankness tha; Rainey never was any
thing more than a messenger boy for the
real and tnii- boss.
It is known to the insiders that Mayor
111-l an became greatly alarmed a few
weeks before election day last fall, and to
make his calling and election sure invited
the assistance of Rainey. After the com- j
bine Rainey was expected to handle cer
tain Interests, and above all was appoint
ed i" bring the Fire Department Into line.
I As the campaign progressed Phelan and ,
I others were convinced! to their surprise,
! that Rainey's influence was nut anything
like as powerful as it was represented to !
be.
bince the election last November
ey has been posing to the outsiders
as a doss upon wh great responsibil
ity for Democratic party management
devolved, but Buckley and Phelan are
not deceived regarding the measure of
Big Sam's power. As the time is near at
hand lor a showdown at the primaries,
: Rainey p« rceives that he cannot con
trol the lir.- Department, even with the
assistance of Chief Sullivan, so in order
to retire from th.- field with some di
..f prestigi : • pi : ses to abdicat
transfer Mis undefined strength to Mr.
McEnerney. The trick of naming a suc
cessor was a !ittl>- clumsy inasmuch as
the designated .successor was not con
sulted. Mr. McEnerney is too bright to
•be taken in by tin- Rainey ruse, hence
another man must be appointed to bear
the burden which the Fire Department
i boss is ready, to lay down.
There is a ae&J ol conjecture regarding
th.- relations between Rainey and A. M.
Lawrence. It is suspected by friends of
Phelan in the Committee of One Hundred ;
> that Rain< y has been deriving comfort
and promise of aid fp>m Lawreifce.
The Democrats of the Thirty-third Dis
trict have organized a club at th*
Potrero and elected D. J. Lucey president
and Hugh O'Hara secretary.
Democrats of the Thirty-fifth District
have organizt d a club and i ailed L. J.
Dolan to the presidency of the organiza
tion. The < lub has indorsed Mayor
Phelan and the minority Supervisors.
The Forty-second Assembly District
Club of Democrats Indorses Mayor'
Phelan and denounces the "Twinkling
! Star Improvement Company."
Victoria Getting Young.
In view of the fact of th» Queen's approach
ing visit to th" continent Englishmen are es
pecially interested in her Majesty's health, it
is announced tliat her hearing has grown acute
and tier eyesight keener. Youthful faculties in
old ag° depend merely upon the health. The
blood should t>e kept pure and the stomach
sweet with Hi Btetter's Ftomach Hitters. It
cure? Indigestion, constipation, biliousness,
nervousness, liver and kidney troubles, as well
n.« malaria and fever and ague. It keeps peo
l.le young
SBEEGHAM'SI
|*» PiLLS i
+ Have for many years been the popular fam- •§•
+ ily medicine wherever the English language •$» ■
+ is spoken, and they now stand without a +
+ rival for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, •}►
+ Wind, Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, •*•
+ Fulness after meals, Dizziness, Drowsiness, +
+ Co?tivencss and Sallow (,'omplexinn. These <%■ i
4> afliictions all arise from a disordered or +
'+ abused condition of the stomach and liver. +
4. lleecham's Tills, taken as directed, will ■{•
41 quickly restore IV males to complete health. 4*
+ They promptly remove any obstruction or 4*
«{• irregularity of the system, ♦
* 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores. *
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Pellghtfully and Conveniently located, within
ten minutes cf the Amusement ana Shopping
RATES moderate.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated.
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUIHH,- Proprietor.
MAKE PERFECT SVflEfi\§
■^Hfew DOSOTDESPAIK! DcnotSuf.
dSfgmSvS. ier Longer! The joy* and ambitions of
fiSr*" I ***** llfo can hf res-toreil 10 you. Tin- very
DM O worstcaseaof Xerroun Itrbilltyaro
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! I not Suf-
fer Lr>nßer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to yon. The very
worst c.isea of \«rTOii> I>rhlllty are
nbsolutelv cured by PEKI-'EJ'TO
t^J^S, LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
<^jp2Sso:i!nia, falling memory and the waste
Jv^jSi'aJr nnd drain of vital powers, incurred by
* yffi>j?jp indiscretions or excesses of pnr'.v veore. '
*" vkfr'**" Impart ripror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up tin- system. Give /*3iv bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of £rrT\TOunK or old.
One box renews vital energy. PA* J6 boxes at
>J. to a complete if.iaran teed cure V3i^JTy or money ro-
funded. Can be carried in vest '"'•J^ pocket. Sold :
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of ;
trie* by TUT: rKRFKCTO CO., farton !tldj.. (hlc»go, IIL
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug- Co., in
Oakland by Owl r>m» Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes a man equal tn any emergency. Disease
makes him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
Z f*^ 8
!20 A 2
< v 'Wk gg} g&f "" c
hS m - \^\ ** r
1-J 0£ VS. Ui I EH
: s v. sf^^fei w >
0 M6Br^j» h
z ' 'M^^^^Sk 5
DOCTOR JWEANY!
1 WEAK, NERVOUS MEN. £* $«£
| ity: weak and shrunken organs; shattered
nervous system caused by overwork, excesses
and self-abuse resulting in weakness of body
' and brain, night emissions, losses in the urine,
I dizziness failing memory, lack of confidence
and ambition, pains in the back, loins and kid-
neys, and other distressing symptoms, unfit-
ting one for business or pleasure. Doctor
Sweany's special system of treatment will cure
YOU. Restore your physical and sexual health
and •:: ike you once more a man among men—
no matter who or what has failed.
DTIPTIIRF Cured by his new method wlth-
l\ui~ l ui\i_, out knlfei truss or detention
from work— painless, sure and permanent
cure.
VARFCOCFI F- Hydrocele, swelling an.i
Vrt^lVUCi:L,L teni|ern(lS! . ot the organs
, and glands treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
Syphilis, and all diseases of the blood promptly
. : and thoroughly cured and every trace of the
poison eradicated from the system forever, re-
, storing health and purity.
: DISEASES OF WOMEN g^^g
■ i inflammation, headache, whites, backache, etc.,
! permanently cured.
• PI FfTDiriTV -Static. Galvanic and
CL-.C\~ i t\i^i l I Faradic Electricity scien-
, tifically used and applied in all its modern
\ forms in conjunction with special medical treat-
ment in all cases where it can be of benefit.
Office Hours— S a. m. to S p. m. : Sundays, 10-12.
WPITF your troubles, if living away from
*' i\i i a-< the city. Thousands cured at home.
■ Book, "Guide to Health," free.
: F\ L. S\A/E/\IXY, 7V\. D.,
\ 737 Market St., San F .-incise J, Cal.
I ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
t
I
Cape Nome, Golovin,
\ St, Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
Sailing on or About June 15.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
COMPANY
; 139 POST ST.. S. F.
■ , .
SKIN, SCALP, /^
COMPLEXION, feffi^fl
i Itching, burning, irritated .«klr.. ijjp^ Jy
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair VSmS* gr
and dandruff and blemished com- * j,, -^
plexions instantly relieved and restored to a i
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of ■
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
ELECTRIC BELTS,
i vifSls' '*A&C^2£r^*Sw Prices from $3 50 to
' B&^&'N4 l^\*r*S&k f23 - Largest manu-
I ftl^sa^ i ' '__U£ceß facturers in the Uni-
r S?sZsliffW ; " ! States. No Quacks ;
ai -S^|s^SSUr connected with this
O^^^S^^^^T establishment.
' '.'/' A- '/» " Z^F For particular!*
ls\J^ call or send 2c in |
y ;\*» stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F. j
*_ HfS^^tlL'M tM *"'' i - ** ls * non-rfißonrmt
.t>^6«a»i*' w^Btesjß remedy for Gonorrhcea,
yWfs>'^CCKEt>H^3 <-l-.t. Spermatorrhoea, I
M*£y in Itos ia ■« Whites, unnatural dig- (
i j@Ky Qcirantesd (| charges, or any inflamma- I
| gib] ccl to strictnr?. tion, irritation or uicera- I
! !>■ <; Pr»Teats < contagion. tion of mucous mem- !
i ffgTtTHSEvAN3CKEMinM.no. branes. Non-aatringent.
TiSB^^NSKNATiio )BSB Sold toy Dp '»esr'» I*'1 *'
W"-^-X C" a 3?5l nr 6 ' nt '" laln wrapper,
Jt^CiSSJ* "" " >S§Qa ■by express, prepaid, fof
'^MffißW O° B *1.0<). or :, bottloa, J2.75.
Id Circular nnt <m ne.^ii
&Co.^<?^
%cao^3^_: MARKET ST. S.F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNKY ami WASHINGTON STS.— SE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. iOc to II 50 day,
16 to in week; $i tj $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; tire grates In every
room; elevator runs all nl£ht.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Last Times of .Tohann Strauss' Masterpiece,
V
An Immense Ovation to Everybody's Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB cast: SPLENDID scenery:
CORRECT costumes!
NEXT MONDAY— "LA FILLE DE ma-
dame ANGOT."
PRICES 25 Cents and 50 Cents
Telephone. Bush 9.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SUNDAY.
T7DT7I7 circus:
r* r\ P. n. AMATEUR DAY
A JLBIJUXJ PRIZE CONTESTS!
? BALLOON
ASCENSION!
'. PRIZE HORSERACING AND POLE AND
) LADDER CLIMBING.
' OPEN TO ALL CHILDREN.
GRAND CONCERT IN CAFE.
; . ADMISSION TO PARK. i c
• . ■
ppuiiil iy iW'iJ'i!MBk!!-^W^3imyW
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. 11. Friedlander, Manager.
Tie Lambardi Grana Italian Opera Company
Will present their two greatest Operas to-day.
AT THE MATINEE,
(By Request)
"LA TRAVIATA."
With a powerful cast of principal*.
TO-NIGHT.
"RIGOLtTTO."
As it has never been given here.
Reserved Seats, 2."c, 50c, 7"'C and ft. .
NOTICE.
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY NIGHT,
This wonderful organization will commence •
week's engagement at the
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Presenting "AIDA" in masterly style.
Seats on sale to-day at the California Theater.
Next Attraction at the CALIFORNIA.
"THE TURTLE!"
Fantastic and Furiously Funny French Farci-
cal Frivolity.
"I'm not so slow — I'm French, you know."
We come creeping in To-morrow, Sunday
Night.
The Season's Sensational Success.
You dare not miss It.
COLUMBIA. T £-«
KELCEY-SHANNON CO
i MATINEE TO-DAY, "THE NEW COMEDY."
TO-NIGHT, by Request.
♦'THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
EXTRA— THE GREAT EVENT.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Mr. Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
And a Special Company
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.). JUNE 10.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
JOHNSTON BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE-
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ORPHEUM STARS.
JOHNSTONE BENNETT.
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS, la "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious. The Mystifying!
HOUDINI.
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOY AND MAY, Cyclonic Comedians.
I CASWELL AND ARNOLD. Comedy Acrobat!.
| CLIFFORD AND HUTH. HENRI FRENCH.
MOUNG TOON, MONTGOMERY
AND STONE.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 632.
ALL THIS WEEK AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
GRAND DOUBLE SUCCESS.
THE PIRATES ofPENZANCE
I PAGLIACCI.
In English. '
NEXT WEEK!
By Universal Demand,
"EL. CAPITAN!"
Reserved seats, 25 and 50 cents; gallery. IS
cents.
Branch Box Just inside main entrance Em-
| porium.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY LAST TIME OB!
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION.
, HAMLET.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
i
i Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON in "THB
I MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
• t
BASEBALL!
SAN FRANCISCO
— vs. —
SACRAMENTO.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Free to the Grand Stand.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
JUNE 10 and 11.
SUPERB OPEN STAKE
SO— NOMINATIONS— SO
SS25— PRIZE MONEY— SB2S
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend Streets— Satur-
! day, 12:53 p. m. Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and
1 p. m. Twenty-flftli and Valencia streeets
five minutes later. Returning from Park im-
mediately after last course. Extra train
from Park on Sunday at 4:4,'. p. m. San Mateo
electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, -'■'■ cents. LADIES FREE.
CONCEPTS AND JiESOBTS.
ES 3tO W GREAT REALISTIQ
WAR PANORAMA!
(T|T Ppof - W. ° ROLLING,
V » the eminent orator,
_ m m % lectures half hourly.
Manila *•****■ ■*•• nr - kikjiu -
Admission SO*.
Bay! "'"""'"
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
TUESDAY EVENING. June 13th, at 8:30,
First Lecture in the United States by
MR. JOHN W. TAYLOR,
Ex-Superintendent of Public Schools of San
Francisco.
•Subject: "PHItIPPINE ISLANDS."
i Their extent, productions, climatic condition*
I and natives, from recent personal observations.
1 Illustrated by 200 photographic views.
Reserved Seats, 50c and 75c. .On sale at
! Sherman, ("lay & Co.'s.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M, TO II P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. sc.
| Bathing, Including Admission, 25c; Children, Ma,
- ' mill HJWlTMllMiM^l'llllniiiftl H il'lWilimi'tj !>»■ II
T8
BARK HESPER SIGHTED WITH
HER DECKS UNDER WATER
_ _ ONOLULU, June 2.— From Na- j
gasaki comes the story that the
— j transport Philadelphia had
spoken the bark Hesper. all but '
wrecked, in latitude 30.37 north,
longitude 127.44 east, near Guam.
The Hesper left Port Townsend on !
the 9th of March with a cargo of ur- j
her for China. When in the vicinity I
nf the I^adrone Islands a hurricane was j
encountered and the vessel was thrown t
on her beam ends. Her deckload was
phifted and great damage was done to i
the rigging and hull by the terrible ;
waves that swept her fore and aft. The
main rail, stanchions and bulwarks ;
were carried away. The vessel was
practically waterlogged, and for twelve
hours was unmanageable. The water j
POPE DEFEATS
A CONSPIRACY
New Cardinals to Be
A nti- Reactionists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, June 9.— lt seems a secret con
sistory is appointed for June 19 and a
public consistory for June 22. The con
eistory is one of the most important of
the century— it is the most decisive one
of Leo's XIII's reign. When the opera
tion for cyst was performed on the holy
father the German-Austrian - Quirinal
group held its "council of Pisa" to have a
Pope in favor of reaction come out of the
coming conclave. The Pope's illness
eeems to have torn away the last veils
that covered the conspiracy. Germany
had even sent to Rome an active agent—
a man who is in Italy called contemptu
ously "Fatigone" (a man who does work).
Ever since IS?2 this extraordinary agent
of the allied governments, this montrond
of prctestant imperialism and the reac
tionary royaUsxn of Italy, has been pre
paring the false step of the triple alliance.
Groups of obedients— German, Austrian,
Hungarian. Quit st— have received or
ders to conform to his actions. Embassies
at Rome have been trusted with the
secret also. To detach the Papacy from
France and Russia, to prepare the way
for a reconciliation between the Vatican
and the Quirinal, but, since the Cardinals
can hardly sign the abdication of the holy
see, to. limit his action provisionally, the
abolition of the electoral "npn expedit" to
break with the democratic, republican and
socialist tendencies of the holy father, to
force the highest moral power of the
world into tru- reactionary orbit of the
triple alliance— such is the plan.
While Leo Mil was 111 the scheme was
disclosed. The indiscreet participants
begged for votes and aid everywhere.
Leo XIII was on the watch, and to-day
this crime of Ham is punished. He is go
ing to say to those about him, with an elo
quent smile:
"The Cardinals have made ready for the
conclave; we will prepare the consistory."
Here it is. It is impressive. The Holy
Father will create in it twelve Cardinals:
of Mgr. Ciasca, secretary of the Propa
ganda- Mgr. Mathieu, Archbishop of Tou
louse; Mgr. Missla. Archbishop of Goritz;
Mgr Casanova, Archbishop of Santiago
in Chile; Mgr. Richelmy, Archbishop of
Turin: Mgr. Portnova, Archbishop of
Reggio in Calabria; Mgr. Francica-Navadi
Bontife, Archbishop of Catania and Apos
tolic Nuncio at Madrid; Mgr. Casali d<l
Drago, Patriarch of Constantinople and
Vicegerent of Rome; Mgr. Cassetta, Pa
triarch of Antioch, Assessor of the Holy
Inouisition: Father Vives de Llevan< ras,
a Spanish Capuchin definator of his order
and consulter for several Roman congre
gations: Father Cormier, a French Do
minican. Procurator General of his order
at Rriine.
With the exception of Monsignnr Missia.
it will be noticed no new Cardinal can be
considered obedient to the triple alliance.
They are all "Leo and Rampolla" men.
Most of them are determined personal
friends of the Illustrious Secretary of
State. The German Quirinal faction sinks
to the rank of a very small minority. At
the last moment there will be a stampede
in the party of reaction.
FAVOR A PERMANENT
ARBITRATION TRIBUNAL
Delegates to the Peace Conference
Working to Obtain This
Result.
THE HAGUE. June 9.— The drafting
committee of the peace eonf< i
1b Bession f'>r three hours, altl
■ ■•
: tion of the aceptance of the I
- b upon which to dis
the estimate of a tribunal of arbitra
tion. After the session most of the mem
ed to th-:ir respective gov
ernments, indicating that the discussion
showed the necessity of having their ln
i
It is understood that several of the del
• r powers expressed a
wish that the permanence of the tribunal
• i,.- made nvre effective, an-1 even
: amendments In this sense. The
■ powers, however, think it impossi
to -■•> beyond Sir Julian
Pauncefote's proposals. Neverthelea
rt Is bi-ir.g made to secure
nstitution of a permanent tribunal.
The American and Russian projects have
ned.
ROME, June 9.— lt is rumored here that
■ Nigra, head of '.h<- Italian d<
tlon ai the ■ i nee, will propose
that the Pope have a permanent seat on
■ ration tribunal.
Cross-Examination of Kytka.
VTA P.ARBARA. .Tune 9.— The cross
[nation of Expert Kytka began to
in ■'-.•■ Vija Addis Storke libel trial,
was not affected by the
ii^i'l questions of counsel for the defense.
The wife of Dr. Winchester, the pn
gvltnesa in the case, at whom the ll
■ tters were directed, has filed suit
for divorce in the Superior Court.
Britain Will Aid Cable Project.
LONDON, June 9.— The Times wins the
i.erit has consented to re
consider Its .•utittide toward tin- Pacific
cable project as the result of urgent rep
itationw from Canada and the colo
nies, and is now inclined to utilize British
credit in pruviding the neoessary capital.
fiiled her decks. In that condition the j
bark made over LOOO miles.
The Philadelphia was hove to and a
boat Bent off to the distressed craft.
Bed assistance, i
He said that the Hesper'a cargo of
lumber would keep her afloat and that
he would be able to reach port. The
- :' the bark had been abandoned
and Mrs. Sodengren, who always
travels with her husband, was living in :
a canvas house n the top of a
pile of lumber. The crew had quarters
near by. Captain Sodengren had re
moved nearly all of the provisions from
the c and had succeeded In
ng them in fair condition, but he 1
was glad t>> accept food from the trans
port.
The Hesp°r, Captain Sodengren, left
Ludlow for Kiaochau on March
3, wil ■ feet of lumber, valued i
LABORERS CAUGHT
IN ft LANDSLIDE
Death in an Avalanche
on White Pass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June News was
brought by the steamer Amur, which
reached here this evening, of another
disastrous landslide on White Pass. I.he !
avalanche which brought Instant death
to one man and serious, perhaps fatal, in
juries to several others, occurred on the
afternoon of Sunday last, just prior to
the departure of the steamer.
A gang of men was at work on the
White Pass and Yukon Railway line just
over • he summit, when a terrible .slide of
rocks and snow came down the mountain
side, carrying death and destruction. At
the time the Amur sailed the names of
tht. dead and injured were not obtainable.
The slide came down with practically
no warning, arid before the men cuuld get
out of its course the rocks and snow were
upon them. Others of the gang were
working a .-hurt distance away and, hear
ing the noise of the slide and the cries,of
the Injured for help, at once rushed to
their assistance and with other willing
assistants soon had them extricated, but
one . man was already dead and two
others, it is feared, cannot liv«.
Dr. Whiting, surgeon of the railway
company, who was summoned, says that
the backs of the, two more seriously in
jured men seem to be broken. Everything
possible is being done for the injured men.
More slides are hourly expected, and
men nave been set to watch the hills
above the line for several miles above tha
summit to give warning.
News has reached Skaguay of the
drowning of three adventurous gold seek
ers, who. when the channel was first cut
through Lake Bennett, attempted to jour
ney Dawsonward in a small boat. They
: were crushed between floating ice and
their oat crumpled to pieces like a pea
nut in the hands of a blacksmith lor
boiler maker). The name of only one of
the drowned, H. Sterner of St. Louis, was
learned.
News is also given of the loss of a scow
lining a large quantity of supplies,
: which was crushed and wrecked on Lake
Bennett. The crew escaped with Jifn
culty.
At a local option election held in Juneau
I 401 votes were cast, 356 for and 45 against.
A cold snap is now on in the north. Consid
: erable snow has fallen and the lakes are
j freezing again.
DR. H. STANGENWALD
DIFS AT HONOLULU
In Lines of Scientific Research He
Was Far Ahead of the
Times.
HONOLULU, June 12.-Dr. H. Stangen
i wald, one of the oldest inhabitants of
Honolulu, passed away early yesterday
morning. He was 70 years of age and a
native of Dresden, Germany.
Dr. Stangenwald was constrained to
leave the old for the new world under
stress of. the political weather of IS4S in
Europe. It was the same tempest as that
which wafted Carl Sohurz to the shores of
America. He studied medicine in Vienna
and was a surgeon in the Frusso-Hunga-
I rian war. Arriving in New York in good
j time to catch the gold fever, he sailed
around the Horn and sojourned in Cali
; fornia a short time. In lSiiO he started a
1 photograph gallery.
Late in the '50s Dr. Stajigenwald went
back to Vienna to further perfect himself
'■ in medical science. Returning, he ouened
an ollice in Hawaii, and along with the
practice of medicine conducted scientific
laboratory investigations. He was in ad
vance of the world in electro-magnetism,
having actually discovered the storage
battery before It was heard of abroad.
It used to be, more than now, the cus
tom of the natives to give men of a.iy
prominence a nickname. That they be
stowed on Dr. Stangenwald. was "Kauka
Mlnukeole," meaning a doctor who does
! not take a minute to cure.
Shortly after his arrival here the second
time Dr. Stangenwald married Mis 3 Mary
Dimond, a sister of General Dimond of
■ San Francisco. By this union there wore
throe children, all of whom came to un
timely deaths— one from accidental poi
soning, b second by drowning and the
third of convulsions. Losing this wife the
doctor married Miss Anne Dimond the
I younger sister of the former. She sur
vives him.
FALLS AGAINST A SAW
REDDING, June 9.— A terrible accident.
I that will probably result fatally, occurred
: at the Atkins sawmill near Whitmore on
| Wednesday morning Q. N. Atkins fell
againsi a circular saw, which ripped an
eight-inch gash in his skull and tore out
one of his eyes. The news was brought
to this city this morning. The attending
physician says there j a no hope of the
injured man's recovery.
Sir. Atkins has been the Assessor of this
county and has held other public posi
tions. In earlier days he was one of the
most prominent and popular Democrats
in Northern California.
Sfax Beaches Devils Island.
FORT DE FRANCE, via Haytl. June
9.— The Sfax anchored off Devils Island
yesterday evening at half-past 6 o'clock
Telegraphic connection between Cayenne
and the Isles dvi Salut was Interrupted
yesterday and communication in difficult.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 10, 1899.
| at $7691.
About six years ago the crew of the !
I Hesper mutinied while they were on
their way from Sydney, N. S. W., to
Honolulu. They murdered Mate Fitz
gerald and threw his body overboard.
They then tried to enter the cabin and
kill Captain Sodengren and the other
officers, but were frustrated. It was
; their intention to murder all the offi
; eers, seize the captain's wife and the '■
■ vessel and sail for South America. The [
Hesper finally reached Tahiti, where
> the murderers were arrested and sent I
j to San Francisco on the barkentine
t Tropic Bird.
Two of the prisoners turned State's
evidence and St. Clair, the ringleader.
was hanged in San Quentin. Captain
Sodengren has been on the vessel ever
I since the murder.
GOLD FOR LIES
OF KILLARNEY
Irish - Americans Will
Raise the Cash.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The proposition
that Irish-Americana of New York City,
by popular subscription, buy the Lakes of
' Killarney and present them to the king
dom of Ireland has met with spontaneous
approval from Irish-Americans in Greater
New York.
President James J. Googan of the bor
ough of Manhattan has been untiring In
his efforts to bring the undertaking to a.
reality. He has talked with many noted
Irish-Americans, who have materially
signified their willingness to make Muck
ross Abbey and Killarney an Irish-Ameri
can national park. These subscriptions
have been made;
Richard Croker, $2500.
; "William R. Grace, $1000.
; W. Bourke Cockran, $1000.
; James J. Gongan, $1000.
'• Thomas J. Dunn, $1000.
; Eugene Kelly Jr., $1000. . ,
Thomas Addis Emmott, $1000.
: William Astor Chanler. $1000.
; John ]■'. Carroll. $000.
Maurice F. Holahan, $500.
William O'Brien, $500.
John T. Fitzgerald, $500.
; Andrew Freedman, $500.
Nearly every district leader of Tain
■ many Hall has bound himself to collect
j $2000 In his. district for the purchase of
j the lakes.
\ James Boothby Roche, who has been
visiting this city and Canada, and who
I as a member of Parliament from the dl
. vision in which the Lakes of Killarney
are situated, is heartily in favor of the
; project. li<s called on Mayor Van Wyck
• to-day, and also met Clerk Blake of "the
1 Board of Aldermen and President Goo
. gan. The plan was discussed, and Mr.
- Roche said later that he had called to
; confer with President Googan aft re- I
i ceiving a cable message from his con
stituents In East Kerry, who had learned
• of the plan suggested, and who were anx
, ions to know if such a project were feas
■ lble.
Michael Davitt had also cabled to Mr.
Roche to look into the matter, as he
i thought it would prove of untold profit
to tourists and to the people of Ireland.
Mr. Roche said that he held an option
1 on the McKross estate, and that if the
matter were taken up at once he could
obtain it for $130,000 and not $150,000, as
previously stated.
The Standard Insurance Company of
Scotland holds a mortgage of $100,000 on
the property, and if need be will accept
$30,000 in cash and take a mortgage for
the balance. An officer of the Standard
, Insurance Company is a tenant of Mc-
Kross, and he charges a fee to all tourists
visiting the place.
Mr. Roche said that if the park plan
proved a certainty, he had in mind a
: brother member of Parliament who would
lease Muckrosa Abbey and turn it into
• a hotel paying $10,000 a year rental. •
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Horses That First Caught the Eyes
of the Judges.
CHICAGO, Junp 9.— Harlem results:
Five furlonjts— Cyive Order won. Monteasde
second, Huronia third. Time, I:^3.
Mile- Kerrrsni won. Much Ponny second,
Prince lilaz«s third. Time, 1:42 V
Seven furlonps— Epbart won. Newsgatherer
Becond, Lucky Star third. Time. 1:2
M le and a half— Mnnojjah won. Dr. Marks
second, Henamela third. Time, 2:35»V4
Six furlong»— Native Son won, Ostra second
II third. Time, l :15%.
[urlonee Martha Fox won. Fr»e Hand
second, Rosa Clay third. Time, l : l." •,.
ST. LOUIS, June 3.— A1l the races at the Fair
Ms to-day were run in a driving rain
Ing, six furlnns?— Hohenrtaufen won
Whisper Low second, Lurdan third. Time'
1:19%.
.- -Ming-, mile and twenty yards— Ozrlc II won.
Wilson second, Duke of Baden third Time
1:48.
Selling, five furlongp— Bcundlee won. Sue
Johnson second, Ned Dennis third. Time, l:05V«
Six Curl mgs- Verify won. Dave Waldo see
on 1, Gibraltar third. Time, 1:18.
Five furlongs— Seguraaca won. Miss Mac Day
. Sytvlan third. Time, i:O6.
, selling— Gold Band won. Lord Neville
second, Ben Frost third. Time. 1:47.
CINCINNATI, June 9. — Weather cloudy;
track fact Repu!t9:
Mile, sellins— Annie M won. Vlctorlne second
Barton third. Time, n:, l z .
Five furlongs— John Yerkes won. Basseda
Tom F.niflish third. Time, 1
U le, selling— Mayme M M won. Box "second
Dandy H third. Time, 1:47:,
Mile and seventy yards— Guide Rook won.
Doerlng second, Beana third. Time. 1:50.
i'uur and a half furlongs— Etta won. Cheat
Becond, CalOOOC&n third. Time, :56Vi.
Mile, selling— Hollins won. Loyalty second
L'.tili- L:md third. Time, 1:45»i.
RAILWAY WAR SETTLED.
HONOLULU, June 2.— President Dole
used his prerogative to-day in denying the
application of the Hilo and Honolulu Rail
road Company for a franchise to build ;i
railway from Htlo to Kawaihae. Minister
Damon, who holds two portfolios in the
Cabinet at present, and Attorney General
■ i were in favor of granting the ap
plication, while Minister Mott-Smlth was
opposed to it. W. O. Smith rna<le a strong
tight for the disappointed promoters, ana
1,. A. Thurston and F. M. Hatch, attor
neys for the already chartered Hilo Rail
road Company, ably sustained the winning
side.
PLEASURE
TRIP ENDS
IN DEATH
Catamaran Wave Sinks in
the San Joaquin River
Near Stockton.
SOME LOSS OF LIFE
Over a Score of Young Persons
Precipitated Into the Stream's
Swift Current.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 10.— News reached
this city shortly after midnight that .
! the catamaran Wave, bearing a party ;
! of pleasure-seekers on a cruise up the
| San Joaquin River, had been sunk at
a point about ten miles from the city.
I The report created intense excitement,
the first announcement sent by tele
phone from the scene of the disaster be
ins to the effect that at least half of
the party had lost their lives. Later j
reports indicate that most, if not al, of j
; those aboard reached the shore at
points lower down the stream. It will ;
I be impossible for several hours to learn
■ the full extent of the disaster, as there
seems to be a disposition on the part
of the survivors of the wreck to report i
as saved each person inquired for ■ by j
anxious relatives, this being done to
allay the excitement in this city.
The following were known to be
| aboard the catamaran: The three ;
Misses Martins, daughters of D. P. |
Martin, who are reported drowned,
Ozro Atwood, Marian Walsh, Hazel
: Klench, Gertie Lang, Alva Atwood,
i Harry White. Samuel Rhodes, Clarence !
! Hall, Adele Shepherd, Ralph Yardley,
George Folger, Herbert Kenyon, Mabel
Kafitz, George Holman, Lloyd Woods,
Hattie Nicewonger. Mabel Ager, Archie j
Atwood, Edith Adams, Mrs. Stella K.
Smith (chaperon). Mrs. Carey Nice
wonger, Bessie Walsh, Bertha Martin,
Ethel Martin, Bessie Smith, Golden
Smith.
The Wave capsized in the San Joa- .
quin River near the old chicory factory,
precipitating a score of well known
young people Into the swift current. At ,
3 o'clock the first reports had been con
siderably modified, but undoubtedly \
lives have been lost.
The means of communication to the
point of the disaster cannot be obtained
direct, and as a consequence nothing
will be known definitely until parties
now hurrying in launches and car
riages to the scene shall have reported. '
Clarence Hall, one of the party which
numbered about twenty-two young j
people, telephoning to The Call cor- j
respondent, says that while a large,
I number reached the bank it is impossi- j
ble to tell just what proportion of those j
I saved are of the original party.
'. He described the disaster as one of
' the most terrible experiences that could
fall to the lot of a pleasure party.
The pleasure-seekers left this city
early last evening, going to the chicory
factory, where they had luncheon.
After spending a pleasant evening they
boarded the catamaran for the return
trip. They had been under way but a
few minutes when the catamaran gave
a lurch, and before any one realized
what had happened the boat "turned
turtle" and every member was thrown
into the water.
Terrible confusion ensued. It was j
very dark and the current was running
swiftly. The river was lined by timber
i and it was hard even for good swim
' mers to obtain a footing. The current i
, carried many down the river and their
screams added to the excitement.
For this latter reason It is hard to
tell just who is saved or who is lost,
as ( many may have got ashore far-
I ther down the river. The first report \
I stated that fully twelve were drowned,
j but several of these have been account
ed for.
The parents of those in the party
i were notified as soon as possible and
j they vainly endeavored to get some
word from the scene of disaster. Those
at the telephone gave them all the hope !
possible, but in some instances it was
1 qualified, and it may be that the in- ■
! tention was to avoid giving the worst !
j news.
Sheriff Sibley has gone overland with ;
i a party of doctors and every available
J hack has been pressed into service by
I persons hurrying across country. Clar- :
i ence Hall gave evasive answers when
I asked about several members of the ,
party, and it seemed he did not want j
to tell how bad the catastrophe was. !
The party was made up of members |
of the Club PAllegria and the two |
chaperones were Mrs. Stella Smith and j
Mrs. Carey Neicewonger. The pleas
j ure trip had been planned to take ,
| place on the catamaran Wave as far ;
up the San Joaquin River as Brandt's
Ferry and return. The craft was taken
above the ferry for some distance and
| was on the return when the accident
I occurred. Of those who were saved
! there was none who could tell how
the accident was caused.
The craft seemed to turn partially
over and sink almost in an instant. The I
members of the pleasure party or most j
of them were on deck, though it is im
| possible that all of them were there.
, All were soon in a struggle for life in
the waters.
All those who succeeded in getting
to the shore were cared for by the fam
! ilies of Messrs. Bonoman and Brandt. ■
1 The young ladies were kept comfortable
while the young men secured dry cloth
, ing and started hack for the scene of
the accident, expecting to find others
alive there.
■
FIGHT THEIR WAY
THROUGH INSURGENTS
MANILA, June 10. 6:4"> a. m.—Twenty
flv< Am< iii an soldiers who were engaged
in reconnoitering in the fortified hills in
the vicinity of Morong yesterday we.re at-,
tacked by 800 Insurgents. The Americans
fought their way home through the en
emy and Inflicted severe losses on them.
Thi chief scmn accompanying the Ameri
cana waa killed. Five insurgents were
captured and taken to Morong,
The enemy la very active. The garrison
cavalry and the North Dakota infantry
are employed In throwing up intrech- !
ments.
Illness of Kapiolani.
HONOLULU. June 2.— After to all ap
pearances having fully recovered from
her recent indisposition, having been able
to take daily carriage exercise. Queen
Dowager Kapiolani has for the past few
weeks been in a lethargic state. While no
Immediate danger may exist, the Queen
Dowager's state causes her friends anx
iety. Care is taken that she shall not be
disturbed with any affairs of business.
REPUBLICANS WILL
NOT PULL CHESTNUTS
A Meeting of the Supervisors
to Be Held Monday.
Three in the Minority Tired of Doing Demo
cratic Politics— The Gas Rate
Question.
THE question of gas rates is rapidly
assuming the character of a de-ad
lock, and out of it all will probably
come the solution of the problem of
board meetings. The Mayor and his five
Supervisors met three representatives of
the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
in the executive office yesterday; the ul
timatum of the city was delivered and the
answer of the company was demanded.
The company was given until this even
ing to accept or reject the terms, and the
threat of the Mayor was that unless the
terms offered by himself and the minority
were accepted he would refuse to call a
meeting next Monday, and the company
could searcli elsewhere for its money.
The representatives of the company re
fused the terms at the meeting yesterday,
and it is hardly possible they will recon
sider to-day. They will undoubtedly re
fuse again ar.d the meeting for Monday
will not be called.
There are other forces working, how
ever, and it may turn out that there will
be a meeting after all. In the minority
are three Republicans, and while they
have stayed with the minority on all
questions of principle, they are not will
ing to pull Democratic chestnuts from
the fire to the detriment of the city's busi
ii. bs. There are other things on the cal
endar of the Supervisors besides gas
rates, and while the throe Republicans
are Bteadfast in the course they have
adopted on the question of franchises, the
one which raised all the trouble, they wi'l
hardly hold out against meeting now that
the fate of the franchises has been prac
tically settled by the splitting of the ma
jority which favored them. Unless the
circumstances of the controversy change
materially before the time fur meeting
nn Monday, the threi Republicans will
join in the session and will transact such
business as is necessary and urgent.
A: the meeting yesterda> K. S. Pills
bury. < '. O. '' Miller and Robert Wait
repr< - ted ■ ■ -^ company. r i hej bas< ■!
their demand for payment at a rate of
?1 ft) :, thousand feej on the contract en
tered Into by the city ami approved by
Mayor Phelan in June of IS9S, whereby
the" city, for two years, agreed to pay
that rat.' for the lighting of certain pub
lic buildings The < Ity officials did not
deny the ■ s >r the- validity <v the
contract, but they refus< <! to considt
demand for payment unless the company
would agree to combine the q
consumers' rates and cil I ai -
cept the minority's figures !o, i>pth.
 .. . ■ itiv< s were asked :f they
I acc < pt a rate ol S3 35 on th<
bills and thej ag i. to do so Che Su
pervisors were reminded that m 1593
was trouble over the rates made for
the city and the company lost a bill for
. ..,- $7800 They were in danger of doing
the same again this year, and for that
 t he thn er< pr< b< ntatlyi s agreed
to accept whatever the minority would
allow. Unlike the position of t:
Francisco Gas Company, which lias the
street lighting there is no spe
cial fund provided to pay the bill
f.r lighting public buildings under the
DREYFUS IMS
DEVILS ISLAND
Now on Cruiser Sfax
Bound for France.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARTS. June 9.— The cruiser Sfax. be
ing unable to approach Devils island to
take off Dreyfus, the dispatch :
.' . i ,  . • . iterday afternoon for
that purpose. The latter vessel took Drey
fui aboard and later transferred him to
the cruiser. The departure of the Stax
has not been reported, but she is sup
po-ed to have sailed for Frame to-day.
With reference to the refusal of two
Mayors to post the judgment of the i
ssation, it Is pointed out that 35,988
other Mayors throughout the country did
not object.
President Loubefs route next Sunday
from the Eiysee Palace to Longchampa
will be lined with squads of police.
Through the Bois le Boulogne the police
will be strengthened by mounted Repub
lican Guards, the various points of van
tage in the wood being occupied by the
military. Between the stands Bev
eial companies of Infantry will be held in
readiness to appear at a moment's notice,
and the way from the paadock to the
President's box Will be lined with tiles of
the Republican Guards with fixed bay
ouets Behind the 3oldiers will be hun
dreds of detectives under the personal
command of the Pref< ct of Police or
Paris cavalry will be placed In readiness
to gallop along the course 11 necessary.
M Francis Coppee has advised the
members of the Patriotic League not to
attend the Grand Prix. The Gaulois
ng Conservative and Royalist organ,
commenting upon the socialist threat to
i ause troußle, Bays:
"Under these conditions it will be out
of the question to take ladies to Long
champs, and, therefore, we advise our
..;,..• is to stay at home."
H this advice is followed the Grand Pn<
will lose much o fits picturesquenesa, One
of the sporting papers asserts that several
of the principal owners intend to scratch
their horses from th< Grand I'rix. But it
la believed this repori is premature and
the attempts oi the titled world in
this din ction have been In vain.
The Presidential Btand at Longchampa
is much stronger and less accessible than
the Auteuil stand. ii was constructed
forty years ago on plans by Due d*' Morny,
who, accustomed to the dangers ol popu
lar agitation, had an eye to possible at
tempts on the life of Louis Napoleon dur
ing the races. General Bailloud, chief of
the President's military household; Com
mandant Lamy, M. Dupuy and the Pr^
fect of Police have thoroughly insp<
the whole ground to arrange preventive
measures.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
PICQUART RELEASED
PARIS, June 9.— Lieutenant Colonel Pic
quart has been . provisionally released
from custody. When it became known
that the order for the release of Picquart
had been issued, M. base, Mayor of ViHe
<r \viay, and the prisoner's brother-in
law, and M. Ilild, Maitre la Buri's secre
tary, proceeded to the prison of La Santo
and met Picquart, who waa released about
:i o'clock, and proceeded to the 'residence
of M. Gasc.
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart was impris
on, it in July last, charged with commu
nicating confidential documents, and he
has since been accused of fabricating a
document intended to compromise Major
Count Esterhazv.
Rails for Street Railway.
HONOLULU. June 2.— An order poes
forward In the Doric's mail for fifteen
miles of steel rails for the electric street
railway system of the Honolulu Rapid
Transit and Land Company. Under an
option procured by Manager C. G. Ballen
tyne while in the States last fall $30 000
is saved in this it^m from the present high
rise in the iron market.
Pacific Company's contract; the Pacific
Company has to depend on the general
fund, and if the bills are allowed to go
over so long the general fund will be ex
hausted and the company will lose an
other big sum. In view of these facts,
which were explained to the minority, the
representatives of the company agreed to
accept the rate of $1 35, but in doing so
they intimated to the Mayor that after
this month the company wished to dis
continue its service.
But the acceptance of the company was
atisfactory :■> the minority; there
were certain conditions auendant upon
their term?, and the principal one of these
was that in acepting the rate of $1
from the city the company should agree
that th«- same rate would hold good for
the general consumers. This the repre
sentatives refused to consider. It was
pointed out that the consumers' rates are'
already the subject of a .suit in the civil
courts, and the company would not jeop
ardize the position it had taken there by
making any terms with the Supervisors.
It was urged besides that the rates to the j
city were based upon a definite contract, j
which was admitted to be still in force.
The Supervisors came up a little after
that and raised their stipulation on con- i
.sumers' rates to $1 40. The representatives i
again refused, and then it was that the i
Mayor told them they could take it or not.
The answer must be in to-night, and if it ,
is unfavorable or if there be no answer, ,
the Mayor declared there would be no
meeting 1 Monday.
There will be a meeting, however, unless
all the signs fail. It may be too that the
meeting will have to recognize the con- ;
tract of the gas company and will have to •
allow It, and the refusal of the minority to <
accept a compromise of $1 35 will cost the
city a tidy sum. As for the consumers
rates, it is prohabie that when the case j
i omes up the company will offer a reduc
tion of from $l 60 to $1 si), and that the
matter will be settled on that basis.
After the departure of the representa- >
tives of the gas company the minority j
and the Mayor discussed the situation
and finally came to the decision that they
would consider no proposition that was j
not submitted jointly by the San Fran- !
cisro and the Pacific ga.s companies. The |
two companies have combined on rates,:
they declare, and therefore they must i
come together on some plan of compro
mise before the board will hear them.
At the meeting next Monday, while the j
corkscrew franchise will be a matter for I
consideration, it is certain it will not be!
finally acted upon. Supervisor Aigel- I
tinger, who announced at the time the!
not to call any meetings
of the board thai he would under no clr- j
.■on the franchises ;
even if the board met, Is responsible for
this statement.
"1 ?n cerely hope." he said, "that the
Mayor and the minority will meet with |
majority at the meeeting next Mnn- '
day. There are a number of important i
rs to be disposed of and many of
them require immediate action. If they;
do not meet the majority will do so any-,
w;iy. The board will sit in regular ses
i] hear all those who wi = h to
rd on the corkscrew franchises, but
positively there will be no final action,
taken at that- meeting. After the differ
ent organizations or persons have been J
heard the franchise will be referred back;
to the Street Committee.
NEW USE FOR
ICE BREAKERS
Russia Makes a Bold
Experiment.
TACOMA. Wash., June 9.— Vladivostok
advices received via Yokohama announce
that Russia has determined upon a defi
! nite policy of opening communication with
rh" interior of Siberia through Siberian
rivers flowing northward into the Arctic
Ocean.
This project was originated by Admiral \
Makaroff, who spent some time at Vladl
vostok and other Amur River ports two
years ago. He conceived the idea of util
izing big ice-breakins: machines, like those
! used in Denmark, for keeping an open
winter channel through the ice to Vladi
vostok. The ice breakers were subse
quently brought out and have proved an
entire success.
Admiral Makaroff then declared that ice
breaker? could bo similarly used to open i
a summer channel through the ice fields j
across Kara Sea, lying between Nova
Ztmbla and Obi Peninsula. This sea i
opens for a short time in July and August
but the open season is so short as to al-
HK si preclude the taking of supplies in i
steamships to the mouths of the various
Siberian rivers. Including the Obi, Lena '
. Yenisei and Khatangu. Admiral Maka
roff claimed that the ice breakers could
maintain an open < iiannel across Kara
Bee and around the northeast cape at
least four months in the year, enabling
, steamships to make several trips between
Northern Russian and Siberian ports "to
, Russia's great advantage from both mili
tary and commercial standpoints
Funds were supplied to carry out Maka
, roff s plan, with the result that he started
. for Kara Sea last month with the im
mense ice breaker Ermak. which per
formed prodigies during her trials last
winter. First she entered Cronstadt
pushing her way through a thick sheet
<>f ice. bhe was then sent to Reval where
twelve steamers were ice-bound and in
great danger. She freed these steamers
and an ice breaker belonging to tho town
° v f Rpvhl. towing five steamers through
the thick ice. This feat was so wonderful
thai the Ermak was taken up the ice
bound Neva River to St. Petersburg
whore the populace, with the Mayor at its
head, gave Admiral Makaroff' and his
: crew an enthusiastic reception
SIX MORE LIVES LOST
ON HAY MOUNTAIN
Story of Death and Hardship Told by
a Prospector Who Arrives at
Victoria.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 9.-Jaoob Bout
llpr.one of the throe prospectors of the
Halifax party which attempted to reach
Dawson via the Edmonton trail, reached
here to-day. He says he was ono of a
party of nine which attempted to cross
Hay Mountain where the Hutton-Payne
Party was reported lost in February. He,
with two companions, kept close "to the
guides, but the other six fell behind and
as they have not been heard of since are
undoubtedly lost.
T T1 !C, r | ames nf thP six men missing are:
V- P lck , son - Dimmlck. John Brown,
Arthur Longard, Dunsward. Tom Gib
bons, all of Halifax. N. S. The first
named was a clerk In the City Hall at
Halifax ;md cornman'led a militia com
pany In the Kifl rebellion in ISBS. Dick
son carried the pooled purses of the
crowd, amounting to $2000. and the three
survivors are therefore stranded
Another passenger by the Alpha was O.
S. Fletcher of Boston, whose partner,
James Mowat. died from exposure on
Teslin trail. He is also stranded.
Will Fight for Her Offspring.
SEATTLE. June 9.— Addip and Hnzel
I Shawl, the two Kirls kidnaped by their
mother from the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, ,
have been secured by the Sheriff. The
case will be fought.
NO SUSPENSION
OF HOSTILITIES
President and Peace
Commission Agree.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
"While there is a divergence of views
on the part of members of the Philip
pine Peace Commission, as is usual in
a body of five men especially selected
because of their ability to form clear
opinions, this divergence is so slight
that it constitutes no bar to their work
ing together with sufficient harmony to
satisfy the President."
I am authorized t<> make this state
ment by a high officer of the adminis
: tration who has read the individual
views of the civilian members of th
, commission submitted to the President.
"The important point upon which the
' commission is agreed," he continued,
; "is that there should be no cessation of
hostilities, or, as the Herald expi
I it, that the military operations should
! continue during the rainy season, in
! order to keep alive the fear among the
! Filipinos, which the successful cam
: paign of the American troops has
| created."
It is denied that President Schurman
: has forwarded his resignation to the
! President or contemplates doing so, so
far as his dispatches indicate, but it
is admitted there is this difference of
! opinion between him and General Otis:
i President Schurman believes diplomacy
I should be coupled with force; General
; Otis thinks diplomacy should tie used
I when force has triumphed.
But in the Instructions given to Pres
; ident Schurman and his associates be
i fore they sailed for Manila, they were
' particularly cautioned against interfer
ing with military operations. Their
work, they were told, was to supple
l ment the military operations, and not
;to interfere with them. According to
. the official with whom I talked, they
! have carried out these instructions and
' will continue to do <=o, else there will
be a vacancy on the commission. The
views of the commissioners, showing
: their unanimous belief that military
; operations must continue, have im
i pressed the President, and in line with
'■ their recommendations he cabled Gen
; eral Otis to continue hostilities, and to
; President Schurman to neglect no op
j portunity to educate the natives as to
I the friendly purpose of this Govern
j ment.
The cablegrams received from Gen
j eral Otis and other members of the
I commission do not show that they are
j disturbed by Mr. Schurman's course,
■ and the reports of a disagreement in
the commission, it is reiterated, are
without foundation and doubtless cir
j culated in the interests of the anti-im
: perialists. The War Department re
! ceived a cablegram this morning from
; General Otis with reference to the mili
! tary situation, but Acting Secretary
Meiklejohn declined to make it public,
stating it related to unimportant de
tails. It is understood General Otis is
i preparing for another aggressive ex
pedition similar to that recently con
ducted against the insurgents at Anti
polo and Morong.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-"^^JtSkl -i Are You
-^iP^Va Weak,
r. 7^^f|£\ Pale or
(tjv=^s A 3 »tfpr r Nervons ?
4^^^»~ Diagnose
r^>C^^ Your Own
A r\ Case -
Vy HILE IT IS TRUE THAT NERVOUS-
*™ ness often occurs as a primary affection,
in many instances it is but secondary to other
troubles. Thus any disorder of the digestive
system— the stomach, liver, bowels, etc., nearly
always is attended by nervous symptoms. In
no class of diseases, however, is nervousness
bo marked as in those diseases that relate to
the delicate organism of women.
DISEASES OF WOMEN are always attended
by symptoms that are entirely remote from
the seat of disorder. Paleness, weakness, ner-
vousness, are often experienced lone before the
true character of the disease is discovered.
Headaches (Fig. 1), Sunken Cheeks 'Fie. 2),
Palpitation of the Heart (Fig. 3), Impaired
Digestion (Fig. 4), Torpid Liver (Fig. E) and
Costiveness are all prominent symptoms that
attend those ailments peculiar to women, syrr.p-
toms that may mislead until disease is firmly
established.
HUDYAN readily corrects the above symp-
toms whether they occur as primary affec-
tions or whether they are secondary to female
disorder. HUDYAN is the best remedy ever
devised for the relief and cure of suffering
women, for it gives strength and tone to the
delicate organs. HUDYAN corrects all ail-
ments, heals ulceration and chronic inflamma-
tion, and permanently overcomes all the dis-
tressing nervous symptoms that attend those
functional and organic diseases of women.
HUDYAN imparts strength to the whole sys-
tem, it Insures a regular discharge of every
bodily function. HUDYAN gives the glow of
health to all pale or sallow complexions. HUD-
TAN is pronounced by medical men to possess
most wonderful curative properties, and it is
certainly a boon to all suffering women.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDTAN,
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San
Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC.
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
000000000000000000
% T *- PALACE "a-""
GRAND HOT E!^'i
J: SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Room?— 900 v. h Bath Attached °
O All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE TH2 PRICES: O-
-0 European Plan. 8 1.00 per clay and upward Q
n American Plan. sl>.OO per day .and upward rt
" Correspondence Solicited. "
0 JOH^ 0. KIHKPATBICK. M*n»g«r. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
riMIIS WELL-KNOWJS AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cure* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
\v.';ik:tossps of Mec.free. Over ! rs' experience.
Patlentsctiredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars!)
to 3 daily to 8:30 ov'gs. Sundays. 10 to IC. Consul-
tution free and sacredly confidential. cull, or address
P. ICOBCOE SIcXILTY, M.D.
■HV-t Kearny St., San Francisco. €al.
PChleheater'a English Diamond Brand. '
ENNYROYAL fills
«^g-V Original ami Only Genuine- *>
X^M DruKg'tit for Chichtttere Buglith Z).q-^rt\
&Mi£&C£S£\mond Brand la Kctl aai <i->td mctaUic\Vs7
T-v —^TYWjboxw. scaled with bluo ribbon. Tttke \Sr
■JWj 4St *OjJno other. Refuse dangerounubttitv V
I* / ~ fjf tiont end imitations. At Pru^jisrs, or nc-.d do.
I W JJ/ in stimpo for particulars, irstisuoaliilj »nd
\ fR ! * Krllo'f for todies," in letter, by return
A If Mail. 10.000 T-s:imoai»l«. Kmint Paver,
>^-**/"Chl">»c-lorCfnui«iicMlf«..M^(ll6i«il<n»ire.
DM kj all Let! urugjfiftj. i PHIL V J>A.. fA?HORRORS OF SIBERIA
RIVALED AT WORDNER
MILITARISM
REARS ITS
UGLY HEAD
Right of Speech Denied and
Freedom of the Press
Suspended.
MEN DIE UNATTENDED
i a Deathbed Request for the
Benoe of a Priest in the
"Bull Pen" Is Refused.
■ h to Th» Call.
Militarism in its worst form is
impant in the Coeur d'Alenes.
Men are imprisoned upon the
slightest pretext and are made to
work without charge for the cor
porations that seek to crush out
union labor. Freedom of speech
and of the press is suspended, and
prisoners dying in the bull pen are
denied the privilege of seeing rela
tives to say a last farewell. It is
charged that even a dying man's
request to be visited by a priest
was refused.
By HON. P. W. REDDY
WALLACE, Idaho, June 9.—
The Supreme Court of the
State has dec led that the
privilege of the -writ of ha
beas corpus is suspended;
that if the writ issued the military au
thorities would be justified in disregard
ing it; that the Governor had power
to declare martial law. and that it now
• x-
The power is being exercised to the
fullest extent. Arbitrary arrests and
imprisonment continue. Sufficient of
the type of the Muilan Mirror to pre
vent the publication of that paper was
seized yesterday, and the proprietor is
n*>w in the bull pen. Mar of the
prisoners against whom no accusation
has been made are compelled to work
in a ditch and to perform menial labor
of various kinds. L^>vi Huttnn, the en
gineer, testified before the Coroner's
jury that he did not recognize nny of
t?io rioter?, and. refusing to contradict
himself, he was arrested and placed in
the p->n and every effort has been made
to 0.-,erce him into changing- his testi
mony. The military authorities have
offered him his liberty and immunity
from prosecution if he will commit per
jury by chancing his testimony. He
refuses to comply and has been com
pelled to work on the ditch. Xo charge I
has been preferred against him. Dis
trict Judge Stewart yesterday fused
a writ nf habeas corpus in his half.
The military authorities threaten to
imprison him indefinitely. Hutton was
In no way connected with the Miners'
Union or any of the rioters. He has al
ways been a highly respected man.
Free speech and the liberty of the
press have been suppressed. Communi
cation between the men incarcerated
and their wives and families is not al
lowed in any event except in the pres
ence and hearing of a negro soldier or
a Coroner's deputy, and then only
through a wire fence. In many in
stances it has been prohibited. Pris
oners have h^en denied the right to
confer with counsel. Men are ar
bitrarily lodged in the bull pen. The
Governor and State officers boast that
these men are permitted to prove their
innocence, but even thai is not true.
PHILADELPHIA
AT HONOLULU
Kautz Talks of Samoan
Rebellion.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
HONOLULU. June The United States
Bte.arr.ship Philadelphia arrived from Sa-
V moa yesterday. The admiral did not con
■•^ sider it necessary to keep the cruiser at
Apia, and she Is now on her way to Mare
Island.
"All parties have agreed to abide by
•what the commission decide," said Rear
Admiral Kautz this morning, speaking of
Samoan affairs. "Whether they will keep
their agreement or not mains to be seen.
Malletoa Tanu appeared before the com
mission several days before we left and
Mataafa the day before we left. Three
boats were sent to bring Malieti one
representing each of the three nations.
But he came in his own big war canoe,
accompanied by two others, each contain
ing about 200 men. The Fittings of the
commission are not public, though they
cannot be said to be secret. Still, very
little of what goes on before them be
comes publicly known. I think things
will come out all right.
"The situation of Apia is one of quiet
pending the result of the work of the com
mission. When the Philadelphia reached
there much disorder prevailed. Under the
Berlin treaty the president of the Muni
cipal Council is adviser to the King. Ma
taafa and thirteen other chiefs wore in
power as a provisional government.
Mataafa had been elected by his own
tribe, but had never been recognized e^en
by the Germans; so there was no King in
power. Neither was there a president of
the Municipal Council. When Dr. Raffel
left, either by the terms of the treaty or
following usage, the three Consuls took
the duties of president of the Municipal
Council. But as they were not acting in
harmony the situation was virtually that
VMataafa and his chiefs were exercising
A me kind of authority. These was a
great deal of disorder. The Tanu men
were being arrested and there were
threats and' fear of pillage. The British
and American officials and citizens had
HON. PATRICK REDDY.
For weeks the Coroner has been con
ducting a Becret inquest. Men are
marched before him at th« point
Their attorney? are d<
admission. What transpire? at the
f that inquisition is guarded
the public witlj the utmost care.
A young man named <""lf-mens now
lies at the point of death in a military
■ i be alloi ■
his mot! ■
attend him has been refused. The boy's
mother and his sisters are not ai'
to visit him. They atten
by the military
rs in cha - • ■ had an
une iry oplnii ■• I phy
cian by the coroner.
Prisoners are compelled to labor
against their will v soli
bread and
■
M. L. Devine, a patient in
th ex
riot H<
ed in the
!>u!l pen, whei ■;■ 1 Pi
his d it to
■
■ ■
This was refused. Bei;
■
■
Arres I made alone for al
• -a Ing up of the mill
riticism of the
• mployed by the military au-
Ities means ii n in the
bull pen. Intimidation in its m"?t ab
ed to extort ■
• ■
N( S] nquisition was ever con
;th more repugnant features
than this inquest at Wardner. The
• - si nt over the country
misleading and buj
they are censored by the military
authorities or written with an utter
disregard for truth. No man is
• d to seek employment until l
xmit from Coroner France,
the Acting: Sheriff. Before such permits
will be granted th.- applicant must re
noui nee or promise never to
join a labor organization.
This is in direct violation of a statute
which makes it a erin
; . i .is a condition of em
ployment that the employe shall not
join or become ;> n ' such or
ganizations. When th- mines at Burke
wer^ closed under order of Sinclair the
zone on board the Bntisn man-oi-war lor
safety. The Germans had gone aboard
the German ship Falke and German mer
:hantmen for similar safety.
"In this state of affairs the shelling of
the coasts and the fighting that was done
was to prevent the aggressions of the
Mataafa men, to preserve order and to
Insure safety. One of the principal ob
jects was to destroy what might be
termed contraband of war. boats by which
the Mataafa men could transport larg-?
numbers from point to point, where they
could inllict damage.
"My orders from the Navy Department
were '■■• main there as long as l thought
It necessary. Th- Philadelphia !s very
foul and has needed to go into the drydoek
for a long while. Then we have a large
number of men aboard whose term of
service has expired. The Brutus is there
and the Badger. Matters are quiet and
order prevails. The situation is in the
hands of the commission. Under thesa
circumstances I thought it best to start
for Sar. Francisco.
"Yes, the reports about our ammunition
being defective are true, or perhaps it
would be more accurate to say some -."f
it was very old. We have the bodies cf
Lansdale and Monaa aboard. They
were brave fellows. My views of the sit
uation have in- n so fully expressed In my
iispatehes to the Navy Department that I
couldn't make them clearer if I talked all
night. I know I have been roasted in th?
States, still I do not think I am unduly
sensitive, and when the circumstances are
all understood it won't matter a great
deal."
Shrouded under heavy black tarpaulins
and crape, the bodies of lieutenant Philip
Y. Lansdale and Ensign John R. Mon
aghan rest on the bridge of the Philadel
phia. They are being taken to the land
in whose service and under whose llag
they lost their lives.
The bodies of the other men from the
Philadelphia who lost their lives -n Samoa
are buried in the cemetery at Millnuu in
the plat of ground reserved there for the
Kings and members of the royal family.
They are Cockswains James Butler, Or
dinary Seaman Norman E. Edsall and
Privates Thomas Holloway and John E.
Mudsre. United States Marine Corps.
Asks for a Change of Venue
WOODLAND, June a.-rln the matter of
the suit against Controller Colgan for
commissioners for collecting taxes, which
Is to be a test case. Attorney General Ford
has filed an amended demand for a change
of venue to Sacramento. The date of
hearing Is changed from June 12 to
June 10.
Will Vote for a Goddess.
WOODLAND. June 9.— At a meeting of
ihr- general committee held on Thursday
ng H was decided to select the God
and the grand marshal for
f Julj elebi atlon by popular
Balloting will begin next Monday
and close on July 1.
THE SAN FBAJN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10. 1899.
engineers and pump men desired to
i ■ ase work with their fellow laborers.
They were invited to a hall for con
ference. A lieutenant in the United
States army mounted a platform, and,
pulling "lit his watch, gave the men
tc-n n h i>< return to
work or suffer the consequences. What
mi^ht have
may be Inferred from the fact that
■ at the '1' ■■ ir awalt
immand.
Thus men against whom no crime
been or can ! harged, \\ l 1 ■ ari
so innocent that they have escaped
military dragnet, a
if working t" support
lally lnno
i
a bayonei I against th--ir will to
keep water out of a m
t.> j • - rho have ed to
ma in direct viola
tion of th>- law.
The Governor and Sinclair, who is
ting the military forces, have fre
queni 'Ith the mine own
ers ar.-: have joined them in this con
spiracy. The Attorney General
t two County i - ■ >ners
timson— -that they should
n thfir offices— if n"t the military
authorities would take them into
upon the Sheriff. They all declined,
and the three are in the bull r>(-n. The
Attorney G nd Sinclair, accord
ing to newspaper accounts,
• -1 that they com] elled the Sher
iff to wash dishes in the pen. This at
tto frig] - men into re
signing their offices is evidently an
effort to carry through a political
• and to -■• •' the civil pov ■
the county into the hands of the Gov
ernor and his f i lln order that
th*-y may saddle th< of main
taining the military forces upon the
county.
Tht- setting of trial for the Commis
sioners will probably 1"- brought up
to-morrow. A Grand Jury has been
called, presumably to cons
charges against tie men now in the
bull pen, and the Coroner, who has
• ■iff, was appointed
by the court I eel - ■•imon
them. Thi i c Judg< : the coun
ty has just left for Wardner for the
purpose of examining several of the
m^n in the bull pen who, it is rep<
have losl their minds.
REGISTRATION OF
VOTERS STOPPED
Hawaii to Hold No Sep
tember Election.
Pf.' : The <^a!l.
HONOLULU, June 11.l 1 . -Elections for
the Legislature of the Republic of Ha
waii, due In September ii'-xt under the
laws of this country. rt " - "declared off."
[dent Dole was Been just b< I
the Bailing of the Doric. The < 'all cor
respondent fimiins him attending <a
lecture by Professor Rolfe in the imi
veraity extension Beries. He was asked
if t)v rumor was true as to the a:i
nouncement. The President
■it is true. A notice will h»- Issued
in the morning to stop the registration
of voters, an<l announcing that there
will be no election in September.
"The cause for this notice is an <">r
der that has been received from Presi
dent McKinley to hold no election un
der the Hawaiian laws, it is directed
by President McKinley that all elect
ive officers shali retain their -ositiona
until further notice.
"I presume that by elective officers
he means or includes members of the
Legislature. The Government is In
formed confidentially, outside of th>
order, that in all probability an organic
law for Hawaii will !>.■ passed at the
ensuing session of Congress. This is
the reason for the order to prevent the
holding of an election."
Equalizers on a Tour.
WOODLAND. June 9.— Messrs. Toland
and Reamer, members of the State Board
of Equalization, are here making: an ex
amination of county records. On Satur
day chairman Brown and Mr. Toland will
leave for a tour of the northern tier of
conn' li
Abarendn. Leaves Montevideo.
MONTEVIDEO, Juno 9.— The American
transport Abarenda has sailed from this
'port, going to Magellan Straits.
DAYMONT WINS
FREE-FOR-ALL
Easily Defeats Cyclone
at Marysville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, June 9.— There were
five events programmed for the second ;
day of the Jockey Club's race meeting at .
Agricultural Park, viz.: a free-for-all trot, ,
a special trot, a three-quarter mile dash, .
a five-eighths mile dash and a mile dash, j ,
It was Marysville day at the track. The
principal business houses of this city • .
closed at noon and employer and clerk ,
accepted the opportunity to enjoy some | .
rare entertainment Ladies, who are ad- : (
tted free of charge, turned out en j
masse. i
There were only two entries for the first '
race. D. E. Knight named Daymont and
Charles Raish entered Cyclone. Daymont ]
sold favorite at 2 to 1. In the first heat ! .
the horses left the wire on the first at- j •
tempt, with Cyclone half a length In |
the lead. At the quarter the Raish horse j i
was a length ahead and going steadily. ' ■
When the half-pole was reached it was | !
nip and tuck and remained so until they ; ;
entered the stretch, when Daymont forged i :
ahead and came under the wire a winner ■ .
by a ngth. It was a pretty race, and .
the finish brought wild cheering from the
spectators. •
In th« second heat Cyclone got away a | :
length ahead. Daymont went alongside , :
at the stables where he lost his feet, but j .
soon recovered. At the half the horses I j
were neck and neck. At the upper !
stretch Uaymnnt took the '.cad, coming I ;
down tlie stretch in splendid form, and j ;
winning easily by four lengths.
For the special trot which followed the !
entries wen C. McAlpine's Cuckoo Joe. i
Peter Kerrigan's Cricket, John Sanders' j
Blacksmith, J. K. P. Elwell's Conductor p;
and V- Gavitt's Shannon. The purse was ; .
$100. Shannon sold favorite. In the first ] ;
heat the horses were strung out from the j
start. Cuckoo Joe breaking early and Con- j
ductor taking the lead, with Shannon sec- i ,
ond and Cricket third by five lengths. .
In the second heat both Conductor and i
Shannon, of whom much was expected, !
tried their hand at breaking, and at the
quarter pole Conductor was in the rear !
as a penalty for bad behavior. Down the ;
backstretch he got down to work and on |
coming into The homestretch he was sec- j
ond. with Cricket in the lead. Conductor!
won the h^at and race, Cricket second.
Shannon third. The last named two di- |
vided second money.
The nfxt event was a three-quarter mile
dash for a purse of $75. The entries were:
A M Linnell's Tom Smith. Tom Latta s
Pongo P. Moore's Uncle True. F. Foley's j
Major Cook C. J. Thacker's Somis, E. F.
Smith's Don Luis. Major ■ ok, the fa- !
vorite got away in the lead, the other
horses' bunched. Cook won by two
lengths Pongo con I, Don Luis third.
The fourth event of the day was a five- j
eiehths of a mile dash with the following ,
entries: Amy Bell, by S. P. Oneyett; Joe
I evv by T. Giblln; Purniah, by c
Nance: Texarcana. by William Sherry. \
Homestake. by F. Quigley, and Red- i
wood by W. McCune. The race was for |
a purse of $75. Purniah. the favorite, was j
left at the post and the race was between |
Homestake and Redwood, who came
down the stretch neck and neck. Red- j
wood's rider crowding Homestake into
the ditcr- It was a pretty finish. Homo
stake winning by a head. Texarcana was
1 The closing event of the day was a mile
dash for a purs of $75. The entries were:
Alicia by p. Moore; Sir Irian, by A. M. )
Linnell; Jim Bozeman by F. Starkey j
' and Lothian, by J. Foley. Sir 1 nan sold
favorite. Alicia won by half a | length,
Jim Bozeman second, Lothian third.
Free for all trotting, - in 3. purse $30.
Dalment I i
C> ' Cl ° :■ - Time." ' 2Y2Y-2Y1&" - -
Time. 2:24 -
Special trot, ? In 3. purse $100.
Conductor i 1
Shannon , 2
Cricket * -
Cucoo JV>e : '
Blacksmith •••••• ° ■■
Time. 2:35% 2:36%. I
Six furlong?. runnir.K, purse Major Cook ,
won Pongo second. lion Luis third Uncle
True, Tom Smith and Semas also ran. Time,
Five furlongs, running, purse $75— Homestakfi j
won Redwood second, Texarcana third. Amy .
Bell.' Joe Leavey and Purnlato also ran. Time,
I:O4VS
Mile running, purse $75— Alicia won. Jim j
Bozen' second. Lothian third. Sir Urian also ;
ran. Time. i:4S%.
BROOKLYN'S TWELFTH
STRAIGHT VICTORY
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club?— W. L. Pet. j Club* W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....36 11 .766 New York. -.21 24 .467
Boston 3 ft 11 .6*2 Cincinnati .20 24 .455
Pt Louis 27 18 .6™ Pittsburg ....17 25 .404
Baltimore .26 19 "3 Washington 17 3<T .3*.'
Philadelphia 26 1? .573 Louisville ...II 30 .313
Chicago 2<5 20 .565 Cleveland ... 8 to .190
NEW YORK. June 9.— The Brooklyns again
outplayed the Cincinnati? to-day, making it
four straight from Cincinnati and twelve Barnes
in succession up to date. The home players
bundled their hits off Phillips, while th,- vis
itor? found Dunn hard to solve. Attendance,
r-]-,. H. H. E.
Cincinnati ?■ ,S ?
Brooklyn 6 10 "
Batteries— and Wood; Dunn and Far
rell. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA. June 9.— Washington and
Philadelphia were playing a wretched game
when rain stopped It in the fifth inning. Pad
den was put out of the game by Umpire Smith
for talking back. Attendance, 1720. Score:
It. H. E.
Ington 1 2 8
Philadelphia 9 13 3
Batteries— MeFarland, Baker and McGulre:
Fraser and Douglas. Umpires— Burns and
Smith.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The Giants made it
four straight from the Clevelands to-day. The
latter made a bold hid to win, tielne the score
twice. The winning run was due to an error
by Tucker. Attendance,3oo. Score:
"Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 11 3
New York 7 11 2
Batteries— Carsey and Pchrechengost: Meekin
and Grady. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
'^^^■™*"™*%r.;'- ■ ' ■'-■'■■ ■-- -* 'SM^^^^^^^^^BSHH
BALTIMORE, June 9.— BaUimore-Pittsburg
game postponed on account of rain.
®4<s)^» 4- ®>® -f -f ♦ ®t^>f® ♦ ®-f ®4®-f®4®-f®4®>®-f®>®>®
I FEELS LIKE A NEW MAN. i
® I
I /Ok Dr - McLau f fllin ' s Electric Belt ■♦
♦ \ >t'.'-\frW - \i? Makes a Remarkable Cure |
! ■'■^^i^lfe ■ ;^ : -; in Two Montlls - 1
+ W^in./ \ 'i : T •# %■ — T" €
% ytejjln, >>_ / >r yM^M He filled his nerves with the 7.
® E^r-4'-i^^e*-*"^^^iC\*" V^till fire " " ii; " ever >' night for two 5
• ■HtV...^P*^^C- :-  B^ i-«\ir|» montns » gradually building up his g
® ■H-jV [Ti'w' •«« ■""-« c=. ; -^'f? nil ill vitality. Every day he gr.nv >
"♦" ! J^ '^•i.-^^- r li.--.-arm stronger, and now he is full of ®
® ""' "'"" '•*-■<* '• ■ Ti* youth, full of energy, a strong >
4- X^ijflt^^^^'\\^'' and vigorous man. ' @
% /'/ jV v ' Read What He Says : I
? BiermvUle, Cal Jy
▼" DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Since commencing the use of your Belt V
S I have noticed a gradual improvement, and to-day can nay that I am completely "4
a. cured, and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; In fact, I feel like (•)
X a new person: and, judging from my experience with your Belt, btlieve it will do all a
<£> you claim. During tie past several winters I had been troubled -with sickness, but "X
T this winter I have been free of i. I have advised several parties iip here to try C»,
3 your Belt, and they have done so with success. Hoping you will have as good sue- -♦■
4- cess in every cas» as you have had in mine, I remain, yours very truly. (S)
5) ALFRED S. HAMLIN. +
| DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. I
® It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak ?
r Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; %
£> it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. V
X It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. Call and test -.
V this wonderful Belt. See what it has done for others— lo,ooo cures. Try X
% Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt if you are weak. If you can't call send v
£ for Dr. Mclaughlin's famous book, "Three Classes of Men," which is -4-
® free. Call or write to-day. Do not put it off. Address ®
9 T\vt M A lWnl mi™Ui; M 702 Mar«t St., cor. Kearny. 8F; £.
X Dr. IU, A. IYICLRUSfnIin, ?»^ bio*. =«, . Spring and second i
® . O ' Bt«., Los Angeles. JJ,
♦■ Office Hours— B a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES, X
® ' ®
®+©4®4-®4-®4®+®+®4®4®i®i®i®4®4®4®4®+©f®-f®+®-f®+©-f©4-®
BOMBSHELL FOR
THE PROSECUTION
Big Surprise in Fountain
Murder Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HILLSBORO, N. M.. June 9.— The great
est tension yet reached in the Fountain
murder trial occurred to-day, when the
prosecution forced Dffendant Lee to tell
who n larrett'a alleged threat of
the life of witness.
Attorney Fall stated that lives were
placed in Jeopardy by the admission of the
nony. Garrett had said he would
whip the man whi testified so on the
stand. Other methods of protection would
have t" i- Kik.-n if they were not shielded
by the crnirt. Th* 3 court paid they must
protect themselves. Witness said Ed El
lis, a barber, repeated the alleged threat.
Ellis is at Las Cruces and Garrett is i
here.
Cross and re-direct examination of Lee
. ' >■.! several things to show why
• arrest. He said he • i
a man lying ii, wait is him
_!i [i ttera to Fall from
both Burch and .leff Aikes. who state.d
they had been approached with an offer ■
0 '■> kill both, the monej I
by Numa Raymond, former Sherifl! of
\: . :ountj . W. W. Cox, a former
friend of Llewellyn, but now friendly to
Lee had said Jak-- Ryan had been paid
to kill both men and he (Cox) found him
lying In wait for them. He said the money
paid Ryan was In New York
ellyn. i-";<i! stated that he
. ■he letters, but coul I pro
■ he tin ek arid bring C tes
tify.
Thi ■'•■■ fi nse also h; d J. E. Wharto
t Attorm : .incoln County, and
others to show that Fountain bad
i'i-. si cuted Lee, which point tc
tion claimed as th»- reason for the murder.
The last witness tor th<
pros
- ■• imination. He was Prim Rhodes,
ranchn an. H>- implicated M.ti"r Llew
ellyn in the plot to assassinate Lee and
blow up hii . ' examina
e said Jose Esj ■ men
were going to kill Li c an
hurried to warn the int» tim.
"On July n. 1898, a day before th<
in which Kearney was killed
ranch." witness said on cr — s-examina
tion, "Llewellyn had supper in my h
In the presence of my wife I
would do inything to 'do' these men, re
ferring to d ■ He had sent .t run
ner to town to sei f Lee was there with
■ f>rni the posse when he
smarted out. The nun wen In ai adobe
■ure waiting to kill him. Pointii -
a wagon. Major Llewellyn said he had
dynamite there, and when he heard Lee
was at v !"ii!. would tr" there, invite the
women out and throw dynamite Into the
The attorneys for the prosecution sat
still, while th( si I tors most burst
In cheers. Th< defensi rested with
utting Gilliland on the stand and the
ution asked for a recess until even
; ing to prepa re for r< buttal.
The greatest exciti ment ■ trial
opened prevails at present. At night par
if men who hav< reput
seen at all hours strolling
. - : ■T s of
- lon. T< s
timonj ref< various persons may
■ a conflict. Last night one of the
prosecution's witnesses persisted
ing about William McNi and
finally sent away wil
Llty. Mc-
Neai was originally Implicated in the
Fountain case by th< . ition. The
prowler's parting laa
"We an with you yet."
Particularly during th<- iirst days
the close of th< trial is trouble expected
rangi rs. The rep rt I
attorneys for :!•■ prosecul i given
ope and attei Incite i ot is
untrue. They, however, publish notici
in the territorial press, lenouncing all
press dispatches of th( trial w |
ms. Th< that
ts hav< been made by thes< attor
oworkers to influence and
1 intimidate them.
CHRISTIANITY AND
JUDAISM COMPARED
Remarkable Address of H. Wein
stock — Declares the Two Sys
tems Are Interlinked.
STOCKTON. June 9.— H. Weinstock,
the well-known merchant. dell\
markable address at the Jewish syna
gogue to-night. After reciting what Ju
dasism had done for Christianity, h<
what Christianity had done for modern
Judasism.
The speaker said the systems were
closely interlinked. If there had been no
Abraham th< re would have beei
. no Isaac, no Jacob; no Jacob, no
David; no David, no Christ or
of David. Had there been no Jewish fol
lowers of the Nazarine Christianity
might never have had an Impetus. Had
there been no Peter the mother church
could nol point to the flsh* rm
If there had been no Cromwell and Sut
- English cavali.-rs the Pilgrim
Fathers never would have, sought Plym
outh Rock or Lord Baltimore an asylum
in Maryland, and thus there would be no
free America where the modern Jew,
■ centuries of persecution, could b<
Aid with the diadem of full citizen
ship and privilege, exemplifying
■-.- of religion. The Pilgrim Fathers
had the Jewish laws and prophets with
them when they laid the foundations of
New England.
The speaker urged that on broader
lines there was no oci aslon for a conflict
of tho systems, ns both could work side
by side for the uplifting of humanit;
for the spread of th»- principles of the
fatherhood of God and the brotherhood
of man.
Woodland's Splendid School
v\ oodj.a.np. June -9. --James Sutton,
recorder of th^ faculties of the
University, hap p--nt an accrediting noti
fication to the faculty of the Woodland
High School, in which it is statt-d that
the Bchool is accredited in all subjects
exc< p1 four. T i is only in cities of the
class of San Francisco. Oakland and Sac
ramento that the high schools rank higher
I than they do at Woodland.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£Jw^^ :
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. SFF
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 3LE
fDHIIIH iIITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rC MiTIMC
GENUINE W §vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
i P ILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR Jl aB «J^ ' ' FOR SALLOW skim. WRiPPFR
WKArrEH mSmm IFOR THE COMPLEXION ttArrLR
_ . . GKNX'I.Mi MUST HAVE SJONATURt.
25 Cents I Purely Vesetable.x£3^~^Ps^*C
'p )^^IIS^TiE:ID onsr k,eid PAPER."
JOE POHEIM, tailor
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coast, ami It is the only house
where you get tine clothes at moderate '
prices. m>
RANTS fW SUITS
TO ORDKR 4&* TO OBDEB
$4.50 IM $10.00
13.50
600 W 1«0
www gJU^Sa 4-T CO
T 00 r J *^ 1 T.OU
s!oo glli 20 00
900 11 1 25.00
10.00 30 00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
The firm of JOE POHEIM is the largest on the Coast.
Rules for self measurement and samples cf cloth sent free.
If garments are not satisfactory in every respect, money \
refunded. ._>|,i and ._» 0; . .MonteomerjSt., and ;
1110 and 1112 Market M.. S. K.
455 Fourteenth St, Oakland
14:» S. Spring St., Los AnfrelM
-
$ visit DR- JORDAN'S greats
OF ANATOMY}
A k& :: - 1 iiA2xn ST. fact. 6±47ii, :.r.Cii. i
• IHjzi $38 Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 years 0
A fl^P'l DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES Q
A wXfSba Consultation free and strictly private. \ ■
ffiT^ X '■■ - lertakea. f ;
«£• I '!» Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
V• [I ij 1 ! )l»lll!I.V ( .r., ■ LED FREE, (Af
i (1 IX valuable book for mm) \
7 I>K. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 7
/7^*XLADSES Dotoonw I
£ DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S
w"" Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment !
I 3 is the original and only FRENCH,
i l safe and reliable care on the mar-
y **V"ket Price. $1.00; sent by maiL
T- \Gennino sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents. j
214 Kearnv at." San Francisco.
ft IPP r\ C\\l B I Corner Fourth and
illfA 1 1 nUInl Iteam"1 team" P and
i UIII L. lI\JI I 1 L. 6c. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Murket St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip {
• at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:54 j
! and 11:30 p. m.
I BUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
; 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
j SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
IV'EEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45, I
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at j
1:55 and 3:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:06,
6:25 p. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
{ same schedule as above.
i Leave Arrive
' San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i . April 16, . ,
I Week Sun- 1&99. Sun- j Week
j Days. days. Destination, days. j Days.
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
! 1:30 pmi 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:2U pm,
Fulton, 1
1:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdtburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 pm S:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pns
1:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am I
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm !
' 7;30 am ) 10:25 am j
i 8:00 am Querneville. 7:35 pm,
| 8:30 pm 1 | 6:20 pro !
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ,10:40 am 8:40 ana i
, and I
6:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen E:!en. 6:05 pm 6:20 pro :
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am,l'i:2s am
3:3') pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pia j
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West i
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa I
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs j
j Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- ;
I land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, i
i Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
j port and Bartlett Spripgs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel j
! Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, |
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
■ Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle.
Booneville. Phi'o. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
; Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?.
I Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
i mlng'e, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
! Scotia and Eureka. ,-.•
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
; On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg. |
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN, i
General Manager. Gen. Pass. AcenL
i
A Superb Train
&?tf% EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR j
J^^jgl VIA THE V
! fplP'Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CAR 3
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
PFREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3H DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent
Ko. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
XtIUUMT TAMALPAIS .SCENIC HAILVVAy
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1533. .
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
- Extra, trip on Monday. Wednesday an/i Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, S, '.', 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30 |
and 4 d. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THO3. COOK & SON, Agets., €21 Market st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOCTHKKR PACIFIC tOJIPAJiT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains l«*nv<* nml m »• <)■■<> li> arrlTr »l
SAN lit IS<«».
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From June 1, 1539. — arrivb
7:00 a Benicia. Suiaun and Sacramento. . . . 5:4."ip
7:«Oa. Marj3vi!!o Orovilloaud Hedding Tia
Woodland Si4Sf
7:00.v Elmira, Vacaviile and Rumse; f«:lsp
'i:'M\ Martinez, SauHamon, Vallejo, Na;a,
Cali?toga and Santa Kosa O:l.li>
8:00 a Atlautic fclxpn m, Ogdeu and l.ust.. 8:15p
»:UUa San .lose. Lirermore, .Stockton.
love, Baenunento, Plaoerrille,
MarysTille. Chlco, KeiUnulT 4iisp
«:HO\ 'Milton, OakdaUaivl ><onora 4:15p
O:OOa HayTrards. Jules and Way Station*. 1I«4»a
9:00.v Martin. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
M. re d arid Fresno I2:l-ip
U:«Oa Fresno, Hak-rslield, SauU Barliara,
Los Angeles, Demiag, El Taso,
New Orleans and East 6: lop
1O:OOa Valkjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:15p
1 1 :00a Haywarda, STDea an 1 Way Station*. 2:13p
12:00 m Riles, LiTermore, Stockton. Hacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, V'iaalla,
Pcrteiriilo 4:isp
•I :00p Sacramento River Steamer» *S:OOp
3:00p HaywartU, Nilt-s and Way Stations. »:4.5p
4:WOr Martiucz, San It.imo.i, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, .Santa Itoaa »:15*
4:00f Btcicia, Vacaville, Sacraiiiento,
Wood and. Knights Landing,
MarysTtlls, Orovillo 10:4.1*
4:»0p Nile 3, San Jose and Stockton 7:1.1*
4:30p yosemite Sleeping Car for Eaymond 12:13*
s:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saugus tor Santa Barbara.
Los Acgeles 9!43».
r»:3or Stockton, Merced; Fresno 12:13p
5:30p Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l/os Angeles 8i4.1a
QiSOp .Santa Fa Itoute, Atlanlio Express
for Mojave and East 6:43p
C:0Oi" European Mall, s)gilen and Eaat.... 9:43 v
0:00p nayrvards, Nilea and San Jose 7:43 a.
•0:00r Vallejo 18il3p
7sOOp Oiesou Kzpreaa,Bacnunento, Mary*-
»lilo, Reildillg, rortluml, I'nget
Sound nml East 7:43 A
}*:»«p Vallejo, Fort Coata and Way Bta-
tioca tiQ:ao»
COAST DIVISION (Nnrroir (inuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) _
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cniz and Principal Way Stations JS:O3
8:13 a Newark,Centcrti!le,Ban Jose.Felton,
Boulder Crtek, Santa Cruz and Way .
Stations 3x50»
2:13p Newark, CetterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden', I • '/ ■■: , Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10:3<U
4:15? San Jos.-, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20*
64:13pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiopg 1 / 9:20 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSIK miiCISCO— Foot of M«rk«t Street (Slip £) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:00 J3:os
•1:03 J5:30 ♦6:00r.u.
rromOUUND— Footofßroadwaj.— 'C:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
t!2:SO «l:00 ta.oo -3:CO tl:QO -3:03r.M.
COAST 1M VISION (Broad (Jauare).
(Third aid Ton pse-.ul Sta.) " -
•O:IOa Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. *C:3O»
•7:00 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadi-ii Wednesdays only) l:3O»
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santi Cru/. Pndfl Grove and
Principal Way Stations }8:35>
9joo* Kan .1, -. Tres Piitos, .Suuta Cniz,
Pacilic firove, Paso UoUea, San
1 ,1113 Ohiapo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
IO:1O.\ San .lose mid Way Stations *«:00a
lIiSOa Saa Jose and Way .Stations 3:30»
•2:43i-San Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gill Holiister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitic
Grove •IO:3«4
•:t:3Or San .lose and Way Stations *9:00*
•I:!."*!- San Joseaud Principal Way Stations »:45\
*3:(»Op Sac Joso and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30p San Joso ami Principal Way Stations »8:35 a
6:30r San Joss and Way Stations 7:30p
Ml:4sr San Jose ainl Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
• Sunday exceptert. J Sunday only. t Saturday only.
fcEaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
j MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
j FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
j EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
I REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE!
! RATES.
| NO OTHER LINE OFFERS BO MANY IN-
I DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
i SAN ■ FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531-
-| OAKLAND OFFICE, ms Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
j SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
| 80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis Seujsciito Parry.
Commencinc April 23. 1839.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1-45 3:20 4:00, 5:15. '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •3:00, '19:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. . 1:00, »1:45. *2:30. M:©©, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not nil to San Raf 1 Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
I Tra'T marked (') run to San Quentin.
i FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2.}. •6:40, 7:55, h:4O, '10:20
i a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. '3:40, 4:3.'. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. 'S:00, •9:4.-., '10:45, '11:45
! a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. »2:30, *5:15, »6:00. 7:00, 10:15
! p. m".
i Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 5 IS, 6:1 7:53, 8:55. 10:35
I a. m.'; 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
■ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05.
1-20 2:40 3:55 6:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way nuns,
I 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:COa. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Paesen- j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. [Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pro
1:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 prm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pn»
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pro
1:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:63 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla i:4O am 1:22 pro
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pro
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marke|
xtreet. San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 strength to sexual organ*. Depot, 323 Market.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay still neglected.
Feedstuff unchanged.
Beans show me revision.
Hops firm and well 1 leaned up.
Shipment of $72. 5C0 to China,
Potatoes and Onions lower.
Poultry In moderate supply.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese weak.
Liberal supplies of fruit coming In.
Honey quiet.
Lard lower. Hams firm.
Wool and Hides rule firm.
Choice Beef firm. Hogs steady.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of 572.520,
consisting of J3155 In Mexican dollars, JIS23 in
gold coin and i6S,SOO In silver bullion.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 58 San Diego 64
Fresno 102 Sacramento 92
Los Angeles 68 Independence 90
Ri-d Bluff . Yuma 104
Ban Luis Obispo —I
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S: minimum. 4S; mean, 53.
WEATHER EDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure as fallen slowly over Wash
ington and Vancouver. and has remained
nearly stationary elsewhere on the Pacific
Coast.
Warm weather prevails over the entire coun
try west Of the Rocky Mountains, except along
the immediate Pacific seaboard, here owing
to fog the temperatures remain sixty degrees
or below. Maximum temperatures exceeding
]00 degrees are reported from several stations
In the interior of California, but no high '■
northerly winds are reported and the con- ;
ditlons are beneficial for ripening crops rather
than otherwise.
At Mount Tumalpals a maximum tempera- I
ture of eighty degrees was reported, while at ;
San Francisco and Point Reyes the maximum
temperature was fifty-eight.
Forecast:' made at San Francisco for thirty ;
hours, ending midnight June 10:
Northern < all f Or n la — Fair Saturday; contin- i
ued warm weather in the Interior; northerly
winds; westerly oti the Ajwbz; fog on coast. j
Southern California— Fair Saturday; contin- j
ued warm weather In the interior: northerly
winds Inland: westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday, except cloudy In
southeastern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
with fog in the morning; fresh westerly
winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 9.— Late this afternoon
occurred one of those slaughters of the inno
cents around the Sugar post, on the floor of
the Stuck Exchange. which have come to be
looked for as a periodical incident In the hit
tory of the exchange. For weeks there havi
been direful predictions that the end of ths
Sugar company as a dominant factor in the
refining industry was at hand, that the right
of its life was r.n its hand?, that its suspen
sion of dividends was imminent to carry on
the war and all sorts of disastrous predic
tions. Gentlemen supposed to be versed in the
Inside affairs of the company have either been
Filent with an expression of plaintive Badness
or have freely admitted their conviction of
the truth of the worst that could be said.
Many persons attracted by the prevailing high
■ level of Sugar, considering these conditions
have sold the stock very* liberally with the
expectation of buying back when the collapse
came. A great many of these bought their
stock to cover short contracts to-day at a
level nearly 20 points above that at which
the direful predictions had carried it. Inside
Interests became averse to selling and held
out tenaciously for higher rices. This excit
ing incident closed on a uniform strength
throughout the market.
The action was very similar to that of yes
terday, the early strength centering In the
New York Traction stocks and grangers. The
bears made an Ineffectual attempt to check
advance by raiding down Continental Tobacco
over 3 points. They turned Sugar backward
11 points, but without marked effect on the
general list. Later there was realizing in the
.N. v York Traction groups with reactions of
about a point. The vigorous strength developed
by coalers again turned the market upward.
Again the =ame thing happened In the last
hour, when professionals took profits In Sugar
and the Traction stocks. The recovery began
in some of the obscure stocks, Dcs M Inea,
Fort Dodge rising 4U. Consolidated Gas - points
and the Wisconsin Central, new issues, 2?!24.
People's Gas and Steel ami Wire also came
late into the advance, the latter on a pub
lished opinion by a director in favor of a
dividend on the common stock. Then came
the rush in Sugar which made the last prices
the highest of the day. The net gain Irf
Sugar Is 6*i, in Brooklyn Transit 3 points. In
Metropolitan Street Railway SS, Manhattan 4
points; in the coalers from I - in Delaware
and Hudson and New Jersey Central, to 44
in Lackawanna: In the grangers from I to l 1"
per cent; in many standard stocks a point or
over. The announcement of runner shipments
of gold was without the slightest effect on
the market, as was the continued large sell
ing for London account. An Improved tone
lor the copper properties wa.s an incident in
the day's market. Anacondas rising 2\. Th
market for railroad bonds was rather more
active to-day and prices tended upward. There
was very large I lying of the Reading and
Colorado Southern Issues. Total sales par
value. $n,13.",6C0.
X'nited States 5s advanced \' 2 , but the 3s
declined % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
60S.SCO shares, Including: American Steel and
Ire, 62,300: American Sugar, 91,300: American
Tobacco. C3n); Anaconda, 4700; At his pre
ferred, 27,800; Brooklyn Transit, 43,900; New
Jersey Central, 3200; Burlington, 24.400; Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. I'aul. 22 400; Rock
Island, 20,4<'<); C. St. P. M. ana 0., 47(>0- Con
solidated Gas, 3900; Continental Tobacco. 13, G00 1
Delaware. Lackawanna, 7700; Dcs Molnes and
Fort Dodge. 7600: Federal Steel, 1S.500; Louis
ville and Nashville. oo; Manhattan 52.600:
Metropolitan. 11.300; M. K. and T. preferred"
3200; Missouri I'acifio, 5500; New York Central
3900; Northern Pacific, 5900; Ontario and West
ern. 22,700; Pennsylvania, !»ooO; People's Gas
14,200; Reading, 8700; do first preferred IS 400:
do second preferred, 3VO; Southern preferred
4000; Union Pacific, 5600: <lo preferred 4100 :
Rubber, 4600; Wisconsin Central, 3100: do pre
fer:. ■ 10,100. X
CLOSING STOCKS
Atchison lS=>i St Paul r,-.v
Do ;■:■• fd 57 Do prefd U2\
Baltimore & Ohio. C 7 St P & i Til sa«
Canada Pacific :i7"a i ■•■ prefd '.'.no
Canada Southern.. IZ\ So Railway .. na;
Cent Pac 52% Do prefd .. " s^'
Ches & Ohio 25>« Texas j Pacific. 19U
Chi & Alton ICO Union Pacific i\u,
Chi D & Q 133---4 Do prefd 7514
Chi & E 111 7.-, Wabash ......... -£
L>o P r "f'l 124 Do prefd ... ' 2iyt
ghl (i } V P 1314 Wheel & L E new 9 "
Chi Ind & L 9 Do 2d prefd '3
rM^Vv^'J.- 40 Express Companies-^
Chi .v N \\ 155 Adam? Ex ... 110
Do i ■■'' ■•■■■■ 19214 American r.x 136
C C C A St L . "SV; United States .... 45
Do prefd 97 Wells Fargo .... 125
Del & Hudson HS">i Miscellaneous—
Del L & W 171 A Cot Oil 36%
Den & Rio G 22H Do | refd .. 91
Do Prefd 77% Amn Spirits ...... 9%
Erie new 12^ Do prefd .... 32
Do Ist prefd .... 35% Am Tobacco ... '. 9SV4
£t Wayne IS4 Do prefd 140 "
Gt Nor prefd 164 Cons Gas . 175
Illinois Cent 113% Com Cable Co 173
Lnke Kri<> & W.... 14=s Col F & Iron 44*:
,Do prefd 67% Do prefd 105
Lake Shore ... 205 Gen F.leetrlc .. llP'.'.
Louis & Nash 67% Haw Coml ... 'no"
Manhattan L 114 r >~, Feel Steel ' civ
(Met St Ry .... 223';, i) O ,, refd |; s , 7 *
Mich Cent 113 [ntnl Paper .... '. ' 4314
Minn & St L 56U Do prefd 79W
Do Ist prefd .... '.m/, LacloUe Gas ... 52U
M i Pacific 43% Lead ' soul
Mobil.; & Ohio S*'.. Do prefd .... 'no *
Mo X & T 12m, Rrooklyn ;; T . "ii'".i;
Do prefd 34V4 Nat Lin Oil ... 31;
N 3 Central -.■ '. Pacific Mail 4«u
N V Central 131*4 People's Gas .... rnu
N V Chi & St L.. 13 Pullman Pal .... 'ili
Do Ist prefd .... 64 Silver 1 ■■• CO
Do id prefd .... 29 Standard R & T.. IV.
Nor Veal i 'i * gar 157U
No Amer Co 11% Do prefd . US
No Pacific 4»»i, T C & 1r0n.... "04
Do prefd 76% U B Leather .. . '.•;
Ontario A W 27', Do urefd ... 70s!
Or R & Nay pfd.. 70 if 8 Rubber .-,■<■?.
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 83 | Do prefd ... ngu
Do 2d prefd .... ■■' West Union ... " »)\
PlttubJirg ISC Am s & \V Co.. ci»i
Heading 21 i Do : refd .. 95%
Do Ist prefd .... mi. Con Tobacco ... 4»,
ROW 23 Do 1 refd \ 82 '
Do prefd 79 Nat Steel 4!)
Hock Island 113' A Do prefd " r»O'V
Et L ■v S F ios» I-,, Const .'.'.'.'.', '.". w\
Do prefd 71 Nor &AY prefd.... 69
Do 2d prefd .... SGVi Colo So 51-
St L & 8 W 13 Do Ist prerd .... 45U
Do prefd 32V4 Do 2d prefd ....
Bo Pacific 32>; .
CLOSING BONDS.
L* B 2s reg 101 Mo X & T 2d5.... 66%
Do 3s v; Do 4s .' 93 i?
Do coup 109V4 s' V Cent if t a ...!llsVi
C 8 new 4s reg...130^, x J Cent gen 55..121U
Do coup 130-% North Carolina «>» 127
D 8 old 4s reg 112% Do 4s 104
Do coup IK 7 , N P lsts HI
L' S Ss reg 112% Do 3s 6*
Da coup 112% Do 4s 10*1*4
District 3.65s 119 N V C A S L 11.71.
Ala class A 110 Nor .v W con 45.. 9oii
Do n 110 Do gen Of 132(4
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ....100 Do 4s 102%
Atch pen -Is 103 O S Line 6s 132%
Do adjt 4s S4 D S Line con :,s. . 115
Canada So 2ds ....111 Reading Gen 4b.... 89%
C & O 445........ 94% ROW lsts..'. 101
So Ss liaU St L & I M Con 11l 1;
C & N Con 75. ...143 '5 L & S F Gen 65. 126%
Do deb 3s 122 ' ■> St 1' Con 171
Chicago Term 45..1(i2 >* St P C & P 15t8..124
D& R G lsts 106.. Do 5s 123 7
l£> 45 1031.. Bo Railway as ....111%
E T Va £ Ga lsts.lO3}» Standard R & T 6s S3
Erie Gen 4* 73 : Ter.n new set 3s 86
Ft W & D c lsts.. S2Vi rex & Pac 15t8....114',i
uen Elec 5s 118 I Do 2Us 65%
a H & S A 6s 11314 1 I" P 48 lOBV4
Do 2ds HIV, Wabash lsts 116%
II & T C 3s 113 ! Do 2ds 9!'"s
Do Con Cs 109 West Shore 45... U6Vt
lowa Cent 15t5. ...11S :Wls Cent lsts .... 76
X C P & G lsts.... 06 iVa Centuries .... S3
La new con 4a 110>4 1 Do deferred 8
L & N I'nl 4s 98% I Colo So 4s 89
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 28 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 25 Ophir 100
Con Cal & Va 1 53 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 00
Oould & Curry 25 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 32 Flerra Nevada 63
Homestake 60 Standard 2 25
(ron Silver 54 Union Con 37
i •lexicon 40 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . West End 93
Call loans 3 Qi 1 Do prefd 116
Time loans SV34 1 * Westghse Electric. sM*i
Stocks— I Do prefd 63
A T A st Fe 18H Brooklyn R T lit'-.
Do prefd 57V4 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 156 , At hie 4s 102
Do prefd US Mining shares—
] Bell Tel 340 Adventure 10Vi
j Boston & Albanjv 237 Allouez Mln Co .. 8
Boston L 10s Atlantic 30VJ
Boston & Maine.. .lßs Boston & Mont 346
I Chi Bur & '.> 133 Hut!.- & 805t0n.... 74V.
! Ed Elec 111 200 'Calumet & Hec1a..785
i Fitchhurg prefd ..116>i Centennial 34
; <;■■■■ Electric US', Franklin 19
, Fed Steel fin; Humboldt \v.
• Fed steel prefd .. 82% Osceola $4
I Mexican Ont 14 4 Parrott .'.I 1 -.
Mich Tel 94 Quiney 160 "
; N YA N Eng pfd.loo Santa Fe Copper.. ll 7
Old Colony 204 Tamarack 213
old Dominion 39^ Wlnona it' 2
, Rubber , r .2's Wolverines 43<4
I'r.iori I'aclflj 41» Utah Mining 40>i
Union Land 7
LONDON FINANCIAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, June Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Transvaal deadlock still dominates the
markets here, but apprehensions are passing
oIT. The close was rather harder, with con- j
sols fractionally better. Americans were the \
strong features. They were active and re I
malned hard on the lead of Louisville and 1
Nashville. New York checked the rise mo- I
mentarily, but on the street they recovered
to the best. Spanish 4s were 64%.
Coppers began weak, but recovered on the ,
rise of 15s in copper Tlnton were 46".*ff46H:
Anacondas. 10%; Utahs, BV4 New York |
bought both the latters. Silver was specu
latively wanted and closed at 27"id. Money
was slack.
CLOSING.
Consols for money, 108 7-16; do for the ac
count. 108 9-16; Canadian Pacific, 100%; North
ern Pacific preferred, 7SU.
BRADSTREETS FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Bradstreet's financial j
review to-morrow will say:
At the beginning of the week the market
showed a disposition to continue Its dull, sag- i
ping tendency. The announcement of further j
shipments was calculated to support this be
lief, and with the absence of any public buy- !
Ing, led the professional traders to act on the
short "Ide of the account. There was, however,
less evidence of liquidation, and the money
market failed to show any trepidation on ac- ,
ccunt of the cold shipments, which for the
past ten days reached the total of $2,500,000.
The large gold holdings of both the bank and
the treasury, with the abundance of money i
and the absence of any exceptional demands at j
present, rob the specie movement of its usual ■
effect. It also clearly is recognized that at the !
present rates cf exchange some European in- '
threat, generally thought to be the Bank .if J
England itself, has put a premium upon gold !
shipments sufficient to luce an artificial flow
from this country.
Then* was a steadier tone In Tuesday's trad-
Ing, and Wednesday yielded two incidents,
which, for the time being at least, seem I to
change the temper of the speculation. One of
these was the declaration of the regular three
iwr cent c^uarterly dividend in the American
Sugar Company's common stock, a matter j
about which the street had indulged in moie
or less doubts for a full month. The other was
the declaration of a I s -- per cent semi-annual |
dividend on Atchlson preferred, with the an- ■
nouncement ihat the earnings of the road in '■
the fiscal year ending June 30 would also pro- |
vide for another half-yearly dividend of the j
same amount next January. Covering, not only I
in the stocks just named, but In other parts j
of the : st, at once ensued, and some fresh buy- (
ing was attracted. The upward movement con- I
tinued 1 n Thursday. Th steel stocks, in spite i
of me Irregularity in American Steel and J
Wire, were generally higher, and the strength
of the market on the whole seemed to center
in the portions of the list which had been the :
object of the principal bearish pressure. Lon- ;
don took but a small part in the trading here. I
The bind market continued very strong, with
unabated demand for the beter kinds of issues.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, June *.— Bradstreeet'a to
morrow, June 10, will say: Exceptional firm- 1
ness in prices at the highest level as regards
general staple values yet reached, a season
ably small rate of business mortality, undl
minlshed Industrial activity, perhaps most
manifest In all branches of trade In which '
iron, steel and other metals enter, and large
bank clearings, reflecting to some extent the
Improved tone of stocks, but likewise large
payments on previous profitable business, were
among the features, not necessarily new, but
stilt noteworthy, reflected in trade advices.
Enlarged shipments of breadstuffs, a result
of buying. Induced by crop damage reports
at home ami abroad, it is true, has not been
.sufficient to offset liquidation on the late mod- '
crate rise, but this is partially explained by
continued good advices trom the spring wheat
crop, confirmed by liberal receipts at primary
points. Iron and steel display all of their old ,
and some new strength In the urgent demand
for the balance of the year, and the usual
summer shut-down seems likely to be hon
red more In the breach than In the observ
ances In this trade. The outlook In the trade
as regards next season's labor scale is un
settled. Active demand for refined sugar has
apparently induced some relaxation in the !
war among refiners and raw sugars share in j
the advance this week. Wool is firm and i
even higher in some grades at leading mar
kets, With a fair business doing. Lumber re
tains all Its strength, reflecting continued ac
tivity In consumption lines. In transporta
tion "lines, too, business is exceptionally good
so far, at least as gross receipts are con
cerned. Business failures for the week num
ber 178, as agcinst 125 last week, but com
pared with 221Mn this week a year ago, 257
in 1897, 234 three years ago and 232 In 1895.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, June 9.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The past week has brought a rise In prices not
equaled in any other week of many years. Iron
products have advanced 8.82 per cent In one
week and pigiron 4.8 per cent, following ad
! vances of S per cent in pig and 4 per cent In
products during May. Cotton has advanced 1
per cent and cotton goods 2.8 per cent; com
mon goods 1.8 per cent during the week, with
woolen goods 0 per cent and boots and shoes
! 1 per cent. A little reaction of 6 per cent ap
pears in leather and 7 per cent In hides, but
the characteristic of the time Is that expecta
tions of higher prices induce buying far in ad
vance of requirements for consumption. It Is
needless to say that this is a symptom of dan
ger, and the most conservative manufacturers,
especially In iron and steel, have striven to
avoid it, but actual inability to deliver prod
ucts demanded leaves them little power, while
speculation in wool and ether lines is running
away from consumption. It is a saving fea
ture that quotations are largely fictitious. Al
most all the goods now being delivered or pro
duced in some industries are on prices iixed
by order accented several months ago, and
nearly all the Iron works being thus tied up
far ahead the prices quoted indicate not at all
what they are getting, but whnt they see lit
to ask as a way of refusing orders which they
', cannot accept, or else the bids of impatient
buyers who can find nobody ready to deliver
large quantities. During the past week quota
tions have risen for anthracite No. 1 to $17 60,
for Uessemer to $18 50 at Plttsburg, for gray
forge to $16 25, for billets, with practically no
sales, to 181, for bars $27 per ton. for plates
i and sheets as much, for rails to $26, for Htruc
tural beams and angles $5 per ton and for wire
nails 25c per keg. But there are no accounts
of large transactions at these or any other
prices, though small sales of pig last week for
ItAly and this week for Bremen at market
prices, with German offers for 10,000 tons of
Southern pie. indicate the needs abroad are
quite as great as they are here.
While there Is a better demand for woolen
goods, so that prices of some have advanced, it
Is not yet possible to distinguish heavy specu
lative operations In wool at Boston, from ef
forts of mills to buy. The prices current in all
wool-growing sections are so high as to pre
! vent sales in Eastern market:.' to consumers,
and th» readers who believe that mills' will
I presently be forced to pay higher prices are
1 taking the same risk they did in the winter of
1897,", n0t realizing the Flze of the stock held.
! The cotton market has advance,! 1 l-16c without
other reason than the good demand, but stocks
Of cotton here and abroad are heavy and the
Financial Chronicle estimates a decrease of only
3.2 per cent in acreage. Goods are selling
i largely and prices of ginghams and prints have
advanced.
After rome advance wheat suddenly declined
2c. closing lower for the week. Against all ac
counts of Injury is the solid fact that Western
receipts were 5,049,194 bushels for the week,
against 1,477,04.1 from the great crop. of last
year, and at current low prices such receipts
would be Inexplicable if growers really expect a
short yield. Exports have declined, being only
1,845,373 bushels, flour Included, from Atlantic
ports, against 4,207,294 bushels last year, and
; 023,400 bushels from Pacific, ports, against 2".3,
--213 bushels; but even as to future foreign de
! mand this Is not strong evidence. The esti
mates of reduction in yield are weakened on '
the marVed Judgment by certainty that the
spring wheat acreage Is unknown and may ex
ceed expectations and that the prospect Is ex
cellent.
For the current week failures have been 159 |
THE SAJNT FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
in the United States, against 203 last year, Aid
10 in Canada, against 17 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
.
NEW YORK, June 9.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week end
-1 ing June 0, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
• Cities— Inc. Dec.
• New York $1.147.f1r.2.621 43.6
I Boston ....1 145.9f19.05l 44.9
1 Chicago 136,011,377 13.8
Philadelphia i>3,0i2,019 31.7
St. Louis 54.265.416 14.9
Pittsburg 25.CM.512 60.0 ....
Baltimore 24,983,730 25.3 ....
San Francisco 15, 20:.,7 66 23.8
Cincinnati 13,176,350 14.6 ....
Kansas City 12,856,963 20.0 ....
, New Orleans 9,544, 65S 11. 0 ....
Minneapolis 11, 017. 35.8 ....
. Detroit 9,694,322 44.6 ....
I Cleveland 10,0<>6,753 44.4
, Louisville 9.145,611 53.2
' Providence 6.619.800 40.3 ....
• Milwaukee 6.901,937 20.3 ....
i St. Paul 4.944.225 14.9
i Buffalo 6,155,665 21.4
Omaha 5,646,760 .... 9.2
Indianapolis 7,151.052 34.6
Columbus, 0hi0.... 6.701.700 40.3
Savannah 2,10.-»,523 IS.O
Denver 8,962,81)4 20.2 ....
Hartford 2,303,809 7.9
Richmond 2.557.991 8.2
Memphis 2,304, 854
"Washington 3.116.749 .... 34.0
Peorla 1.925.250 .... 22.6
Rochester 2,660,627 24.8 ....
New Haven 2,043,196 29.8
Worcester 1,499,132 5.2
Atlanta 1,680.550 9.6 ....
Salt Lake City 2.046,121 32.5 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1.6C3.122 20.6 ....
Fort Worth 2,586,522 35.0
Portland, Mo 1,571.036 9.1
Portland, Or 1,744,343 4.1 ....
St. Joseph 3.163,621 10.5
Los Angeles 1,699,366 15.4 ....
Norfolk 1.074.155
Syracuse 1.221.458 .... 3.7
Dcs Moines 1,570.293 .... 8.3
Nashville 1,638,890 27.1
Wilmington, De 1.... 819.948 14.3
Fall River 1.030.055 49.4
I Bcranton 1,013,602 15.7
j Grand Rapids 1.165.657 14.3
! Augusta, Ga 1,061,309 77.7 ....
Lowell 788,616 12.8
Dayton, Ohio 1.059.941 35.6
Seattle 809.703 30.9
Tacoma 525.790 .... 21.
Spokane 1,351.420 43.5
! Sioux City 1,120.974 64. 4
New Bedford 618,854 .... 34.5
1 Knoxville, Term.... 756,317 20.5
I Topeka 612.402 21.0
I Birmingham 567,286 M.I ....
Wichita 602.404 7.9
Ringhr.mpton 871.400 3.9
Lexington. Ky 388.189 14.1
I Jacksonville, Fla... 101.628 16.2 —
I Kalamazoo 595.243 14.0 —
Akron 409.000 15. 2
Chattanooga 866.593 7.9
Rockford. 1!! 293,692 28.5
Canton. Ohio 296,800 85.1 ....
Springfield. 0hi0... 254:297 9.9
Farg >, N. D 276.294 7.3
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 103,594 71.5
Hastings, Nebr 137,866 23.4
Fremont, Nebr 164,759 29.1 ....
Davenport 1.27.'.. 28.9 ....
Toledo 2.227.7.",R 28.0
! Oalveston 5,565,400 13.6 ....
•Houston 4,462,454 11.0
lena 667,944 .... ....
Mai 403.000 8.5
Youngstown 332.56H 18.1 ....
••Little Rock 868.925
Evansville 998,297 32.3
••Springfield 334,882
: Totals, U. S *1,51<i,706,426 56.9 ....
Totals outside
New York $ 609,643,805 26.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
! Montreal % 16.154.866 8.4
I Toronto 10.802.557 4.4
! •Winnipeg 1.839,31t7 ....
i Halifax 1.405.559 13. .... I
.' Hamilton BIG. 114 3.6
St. John, N. » 782,634 4.1
i •Vancouver 714, ....
1 •Victoria 695,910
Totals $ 81,363,958 14.7
•Not included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not included in totals because of no com-
I parison for last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Flour— Receipts, 22,
--267 barrels; exports, 4335; quiet.
: WHEAT— Receipts, 289.550 bushels; exports,
I 3990. Spot, steady No. 2 red, 79% c spot and
j to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2, Sl%c, elevator;
I No. 1 northern* Duluth, M 7 ,'- f. o. b. afloat
spot. Options opened steady at VbC advance
on Kansas crop reports, but turned easier In j
I the absence of outside support and declined
■ lc under local ■-•.■Hint; with Snow's prediction [
of total winter and sprint? wheat crops of
550,000,000 bushels, with 1,000, 000 carried over
from last year and heavy Increase in visible
i supply predicted kept the undertone weak.
' The close was quiet. July, 79ViCjS0ViC, closed
T'.'V- September. 79 3-16ff80Uc, closed 79% c;
December MVaS&Tkc, closed 80*, c.
HOPS Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
Nominal advances were recorded in Iron and
tin to-day, while spelter showed weakness
j and a sharp break. Business, however, con
tinued of a listless nature, with sentiment
mixed. News . was conflicting and calculated
to check fresh interest In the abandoned mar- \
ket. At the close the Matal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants entirely nominal
at $13.
LAKE COPPER— and nominal at
$18 50.
Higher but dull, with $23 65 bid and j
52" 75 aski d.
LEAD— Quiet; $14:. bid and $4 .mi asked.
BPELTER Weak and lower, quiet, $0 50:
brokers' price Cor lead is 512.", and for
i B 50.
i COFFEE ' i; 't !■ ins closed steady, unchanc
. I to 5 points hitcher. Salts, 72.vi bags, In
cluding September, $495; October, 84 95; No
vember, S5; December, ?r. ?fl; March. $5 50;
May. $5 60. Bpot coffee, Rio, dull: mild, quiet.
BUQAR Raw, strong; rei'.ned. active.
BUTTER— Receipts, Hl^ prickages; steady
Western creamery, vya lSV*c; factory, : /
: 13.c.
I :i;c,S— Receipts. MOO packages; firm. West
ern, 14@15c; Southern, V^tt^r.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June 9.— California dried
' fruits, dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@3c;
prime wire trny. B>4QBVic; choice, SVtf.'o;
fancy S'-i^i
PRUNES 3V4@9c.
A TRICOTS- Royal, 14@U%c; Moorpark. It
(Slßc.
I'KACHES-I'npeeled, 9'i-tnic.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 9. — WHEAT — For a
brief period immediately . following: the
opening wheat showed some degree of
steadiness. This was due to the Kan
sas crop report making 25,000,000 bushels
the maximum possibility of that State's yield,
and to the continued Russian damage reports.
Hut steadiness was not of long duration. Open-
Ing at 74%®76c, July after a. few transactions
at those figures slid off. There were slight re
actions at time?, caused by covering by shorts,
but th; tendency in the main was steadily
downward, and before the noon hour the price
had touched 74MtC. The Northwest was a free
seller on the decline. Besides the natural feeling
of bearlshness caused by the Government crop
report due to-morrow, the market was much
depressed by Snow's crop report, which said
that 560,000,000 bushels was a conservative es
timate of the probable yield of winter and
spring wheat this year. These figures were
far over the average production for several
years past and made the market susceptible to
any selling pressure. Liquidation was checked
in the afternoon by a number of complaints
from Indian Territory, Kansas and Nebraska
of too much rain and the market received sub
stantial support, the first In some time, when
private cables were received from a prominent
Chicago grain dealer now in Russia confirming
the worst reDorts as to th» condition of the
crops of Southern Russia and Roumanla. Pre
vious to this time the market had declined to
73"ic, but during the last half hour's trading
a recovery to 74%@74%c took place. That was.
the price at the dose.
CORN — Corn was dull and a little lower
throughout. Commission houses were moderati
sellers and buying was scattered. Complaints
of too much rain in the corn belt had a steady
ing influence on prices. Cash demand was
rather poor. July closed ] /sC lower.
OATS— Oats were dull and a shade lower.
Crrp reports were somewhat bullish, but sym
pathy with wheat was shown in the class of
selling. There was little cash demand. July
closed %c to >,ie lower.
PROVISIONS— were practically at
a standstill during most of the session. There
was some commission house selling of pork
and the decline that followed was shared in a
degree by other products. Packers also sold
moderately. Buying was scattered. At the
close July pork was 10c lower, lard 5c lower and
ribs 2't.c to Be lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— ■• v
July 75 75 73% 7414
September TOt 73*4 74% 75.%
December 76% 76% 75% 7C : 4
Corn No. 2—
July 33% 34 32% 33»4
September 34*4 34',-i 33% 33%
December 33 1 ,4 3314 33',i 33
Oats No. 2—
July ....j 23V4 2314 23!* 23V*
September 20-% 20% 20V4 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 I'M 8 17V4 805 8 07V4
September 535 835 8 224 825
Lard, per 100 pounds
July 500 500 4 97V4 4 97%
September 5 12V4 515 610 610
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 465 465 4 fi2V4 4 624
September 4 77% 4 77% 475 475 "
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet: No. 3 spring wheat. 71074Vc
No. - red, 75<cT7G%c; No. 2 corn, 33%(<J34c; No ]
! oats, 25Vic; No. 3 white. 27(5 2S%c; No. 2 rye
67c: No. 2 barley, 3<>>4ig'39c: No. 1 flax seed'
$1 03; prime timothy seed, $2 35: mess pork, per
barrel, $7 20@8 10; lard, per 100 pounds $4 85
@4 974: short ribs sides (loose). $4 45<2'4 75; dry
I salted shoulders (boxed), V/ 2 'S\%.c; short clear
sides (boxed), $4 9005; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. '
Flour, barrels 9,000 9,00*
Wheat, bushels 124,0 0 SP.rOO I
Corn bushels 559,000 860,000
Oats, bushels 387.0«10 255.000 '
Rye. bushels 15,000
Barley, bushels IG.OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was strong. Creameries. I.T-.'alSc. Dai- j
ries, 10916 c. Cheese, steady, 7%@BV4c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening «; HVt 6 1 |
Closing 5 10% 5 11% |
PARIS FUTURES.
Wh^at— Jr.n-. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 30 20 7."i
Closing 20 25 2o 75
Flour—
Oj.ening 43 50 28 30
Closing 43 £0 2S 25 ,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June <J.-CATTLE-To-day's cattle
market was very dull. Receipts were light, hut
the demand was poor and prices were barely
steady. <; i to fancy i I steers, $4 90@i
common pnnies bringing $1 1.".'n4 85; feeding cat
tle. $3 "■ -"■!.". 15; bulls, cows and heifers. <_■•
54 4."; choice helt.-rs. J4 50@3 15; calves, $1 25«
7; Western fed steers, $4 50@5 30.
HOGS— There was a c.xxi demand for hogs, '
and though receipts wen; liberal, prices as a I
rule were well maintained. Heavy lota sold
at $3 :,:,.;:; 90; mixed. $3 65@3 B7H: light, $3 65<£j
3 82Vi; pigs, J3 25©3 70; culls. $1 r>(K,3 50,
SHEEP The market for sheep was steadier, I
with an Improved demand. Sheep were sal
able at ti .''• ,:i 25 f< r culls, up to $4 7c.'<js for
prime native wethers; clipped lair.i-s. ;;..;?.
Receipts Cattle, 1500; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
sooo.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
BOSTON, Mass., June 9.— The Earl Fruit 1
Company's sab's of California fruit at auction
to-day are as follows:
Royal Ann- Cherries, $1 60@2. average $174;|
Centennial, average $1 65; Blgarreau, 80c@$l 25,
average J' l": Tartarian, average $1 02; car |
. $1862.
CHICAGO, June 9— Burbank Plums, average!
J- :■": Abundan ie, $2 4.'.: Royal Apricots.
4i2 4;., average $2 17; Alexander Peaches
rati 1), average }1 :4: Alexander Peaches
(boxes), Ji'.i; 50, average Jl 17; Clyman Plums,
95c@$l 36, average $1 17; car grossed, $1679.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 9.— Consols, ins 9-16; silver,
27 13-lrtd; French rentes. lo2f !Hc; wheat car-
It const, nothing d"iiip; cargoes on pas- !
t-;it,'e. quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 9. -WHEAT— DuII; wheat
in Paris, dull; Flour in Tans, dull, French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, '■'■ 7-16 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 S'".U
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSH
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%®60
Fine Silver, i^r ounce — " co%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT -The Zinlta takes for Cork 60,605
'tis, valued at $70,000.
Chicago was bearish and sold freely. Favor
able weather for the growing crop was re
ported, though It was still raining in the
Northwest New York reported a good inquiry
from England and the Continent. Odessa re
ported a continuation of the drought, with a
rising barometer.
Local Futures were lower again, with a quiet
market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05{?l 07>4: milling,
?! 101/1 IL >: 2 .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
6000 ctls. $1 17; 38,000, $1 16%; 36,000, $1 16%.
May— 4o<"o. }i 20' i; 4000, $1 2".
Second Session December— 6ooo ctls, $1 16"i;
00.000. ■': 10%.
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls, Sll7 1,
--3G.0C0. SI 17; 26.0.111. $1 IGV May— 2ooo. (i 21%.
Afternoon Session December 60 tls $1 17;
12,000, M 17- . 32.000. $1 17%.
BARLEY Futures were lower, but the spot
market showed no change.
Feed, $l@l 06%; Brewing, $1 O7',i<rjl 10 per ctl.
CALL lARD SALES
Informal Session— 'J: 15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2000 ctl?
S^i,c ; 2000, Sa^gc.
Regular Morning Session- Seller '99, new—
4COO Us, Ss%c.
Afternoon Sessl :i December— 2ooo ctls 89c;
4000. 88% C. Seller '99, new— 4ooo. 85% c.
OATS— Nothing new. Trading dull.
Fancy Peed, Jl 47 V" 100 pel ctl; good to
choice, $1 42U<S1 47'/,.; common. fi Z2V.'3l 40;
Surprise, $1 50@l 55: Gray, $1 3601 45: Milling,
51 45f<l 50 per ctl; Red, $1 35@1 40; Black, $1 30
'.', 1 ■■:■-',.
CORN— market drags along In the same
old rut.
Small round Yellow, $1 SO@J 32%; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12%.; White, $1 15@i 1714;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal
97%c@*1 "24. per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60^3 7.".
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50: Oregon
and Washington, J2 40® 3 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 2503 40 for bakers' and 52 20@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 2.": Oatmeal. $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, {3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4.(4 2;.; Cracked Wheat, $;; 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). JO sa@6 85; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, s'; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTDFFS.
Receipts of Hay fell off again, but It made
no difference— buyers still held off.
Feedstuffs were unchanged. 1
BRAN- Jl6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS tlS#2o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26 60; Job
bing, J27 DO; Coccanut Cake, J21'«22. Cornmeal,
$23 50®24 50; Cracked Corn, J2l'(2.">: Mixed
Feed. $15'g]6: Cottonseed Meal, J24@26 per ton i
OLD HAY— Wheat, HO® 11 50 for good to
choice and $S@9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat, $8010 60; Oat, $7® 9 50; Barley, $6@B; Al
falfa, $5©7.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $7 50®8 CO; Wild Oat, $C
(07; Alfalfa. $4 50&6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S&SOC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans show some change and some dealers
report a steadier market.
BEANS— Bayos. M 4001 50: Small White. $2
(§2 07%; Large White, $1 50*71 66; Pinks, $1 65®
186; Reds, $3 40; Blackeye, SmtK Butters,
nominal; Linms, $3 90® 4; Pea, $1 Ss@2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SKI.KS-- Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2?i@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%, c per lb; Alfalfa. 8%@9%c; Rape, S®3%c;
Hemp. 4V4<o4^c: Timothy. 4%@5%c,
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50<Sl 90; Green, $1 75
<q'L 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue to decline slowly under
free receipts. Onions are also off.
The market Is overstocked with String
Beans and quotations are lower. Tomatoes
and Cucumbers are in light receipt and firm.
Arrivals of Corn are increasing and the price
Is decreasing.
POTATOES— New Peerless, $1 no^l 70; new
Early Rose, $1 2S@l 50; Burbanks, $1 40*jl 60
per ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS — New, 25@30c per sack for red.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 75c©$l 50 per box
for No. 2, $1 75@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 25c@$l per box; Green Peas,
l%@3c per lb; String Beans, 2(<(4c for Green
and 3@4c for Golden Wax; Horse Beans 50c
per sack; Cabbage, tl@l 15; Tomatoes, $2ift2 50 1
per box; Mexican Tomatoes, ; Egjr Plant,
per Hi. Garlic. 4(fff-cfor new; Dried Okra,
15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers!
IOWI2V2C; Carrots, 3o@4oc per sack; Sacramento
and Marysville Cucumbers, $1 Bo®2 25 per box;
Summfr Squash, 60@78c per box for Vacaville
and $1 25<rjl 10 for Bay; Green Corn, 15@35c per
dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Young stock continues weak. liens are firm
and sell well.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@160 for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; young Turkeys, 18c
Geese, per pair, vi 25f(il 50; Goslings. SI 2.Vfj>l 50 ■ !
Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4 50^7 for young- t
Hens. $6@7; young Roosters, W®%\ old Roost- !
ers, Jo ."'i'</ (i; Fryers, $51/0; Broilers, $3 50 '
(f?4 60 for large, |2(?73 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 I
'ill per dozen for old and Jl 25@2 for Squabs " I
Nominal. " j
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS. |
There is no further advance In Butter and
Eggs, but both are steady. Cheese continues
in free supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 18'v@19c; seconds
17V4<61Sc.
Dairy— Fancy, 17@17%c; good to choice 15©
16% c; store, 12<gl4c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, RifJSHc: old, 7%c;
Young America, 9@loc; Eastern, 13(5"15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@lSc for store and 19@20c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@lSc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
1 The River is sending in large shipments of
Peaches. Pears, Plums and Apples, which are
declining in consequence. Apricots are in
merely moderate supply and steady. There are
not many Cherries seen now.
Berries rule llrm at the good prices.
The Lemon market is in good shape and the
advance is maintained without difficulty.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
New Apples, 40@50c per small and 75c@$l 25
per large box and 25@40c per basket
BERRlES— Gooseberries. 40®45c per drawer
- I and 4@sc per lb in bulk; Blackberries, $10 per
• chest: from Fresno, $I©l 25 per crate; from
- | Newcastle, $I®l 25; Strawberries,. $7ig9 per
• . chest for small and $3 50@6 for large berries
• , and tS@9 for second crop Longworths; Rasp
■> ' berries, $6'aS per chest; Newcastle Raspberries,
I : fl®l 15 per crate; Logan Berries, $G@7 per
3 ' cheat.
Currants, $3(?f4 per chest.
Cherries, 60c©fl per box for black; Royal
" Anne. 75c@$l; black, in bulk, 7@9c; white, 4@-6c
. per lb; Royal Anne, 7Q-9c; cracked Cherries,
" 2%(?(3c.
• Green Pears, 25@G0c per box and 25@400 per
basket.
Figs, $1 50@2 30 per box for black and for
I white.
• | Apricots, 40c<??$l per box and 405750 per
' basket for Royals.
' Peaches, 35@65c per box and SSO'SOc per bas
ket.
Plums. 35@75c per box.
a Cherry Plums, 25@35c per drawer.
5 CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $2 50©4
| per box; Seedlings, $1 25®2 25; Mediterranean .
0 Sweets, $2*f3; lemons. Jl<<?l no for common
5 ; and J2@3 for good to choice; Mexican Limes $4
; </4 50; California Limes, per small box;
I Grape Fruit, 50c@$l: Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2^3 per dozen.
! | DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
t
- | New Honey la- on the market.
, | DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50"s, 5®
- ; BHo for 50-60' 4®4M;C for 60-70 - s, SVi#S%c for
' ! 70-80's, 2%tiV,c. for 80-90' a, 2%ig2%c for 90-100's
'■ i and 2@2>4c for ICO-llO's; Peaches, Btt@9V&c for
I good to choice, Miilu'-o for fancy and 14!gi5c
' for peeled: Apricots, 12'/2<iil3c for Royals and
, 14& lac for Uoorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9Vs@
, | 10c; sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
1 | nominal, lUc for unpltted and 4> 2 'U6c for pitted;
Pears, 3{(<*c, according to color, etc.
' I RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown, i%c for three
\ crown, s*ic for four-crown, 1 56 c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2\®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per 11); Walnuts, s@Sc !
for hardshell, lo@llc for Boftshell; Almonds, »i§
Be for hardshell, 12©13 c for softshell, 14yi6c for i
paperahell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and A l Aii
5c for California; Cocoanuta, $4 50®6
■ HONEY— Comb, lo@llc for bright and S(J?9c
1 fcr lower grades; water white extracted, c-../
"c; light amber extracted, C'iS6',ic; dark, I'J
! B%c per lb.
■_ BEESWAX— 2S@27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
'. Lard 's lower. Hams continue firm and In
1 demand. No other changes.
, CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy.
BV4®9c for light medium. lOHGIIc 'or light, 12c 1
for extra light and 12'/4@l3c for sugar 1 >■•■,!,
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, llVi@l2c; California
Hams, 10^c: Mess Beef, Jl3 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, Jl6 50; mess
• ji:-ii:. 50: Smoked Beef. 12c per rt>.
LARD Tierces quoted at ."V'<.')' ; c per lb for
: compound and I. '-.•;; for pure; half barrels
i pure, 7'4c; 10-lb tins, 7V<i'-e; 5-lb tins, B@S*4c.
COTTOLENE — Tiercel 6%56%c; packages,
less than !ZW lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, SVic;
8 Hi palls, 20 in a case, S%c; L-lb pails, 12 In" a
vase, ij>/4c; 10-Ib palls, 6 in a case, &%c; SO-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a ease, 7%c; wooden buckets, 2<i
lbs net, r'^e; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7;ic; half-
LiurreJp, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
! The Hop market Is said to be better cleaned
. up than for ten years. There Is no contract
ing, for the growers refuse to entertain bids,
! though buyers bid 13c for the coming crop.
1 All cheap Hops are cleaned up, and it is said
that there Is not a bale left in growers' hands
in Oregon and Washington. For the little'
■ stock left here holders are asking full figures.
The market is very stiff.
Wool continues firm, with small stocks. The
• same made be Bald of Hides.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
» about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
t | Btetrrs, lie; medium, 10c; light, '.•'•■< ■; Cowhides,
. »14c; Stags, 6>jc; Salted Kip, 9&c; Calf, 10c;
1, dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15Q15^c; dry Calf, 17c;
t Sheepskins, shearlings, 20©35 c each; short
Wool, .1/ ".!!•■ each; medium, 60(g75c; long Wool,
, 80cC<i$l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, J2'«2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, BOc.
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered, 4@4Hc per IT>; No.
2, 3<ii :>. refined. : grease, 2c
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln nnd
• Southerns, 7 month?, 7©9 c; Foothill and North
. em free, iij'.::..<; Foothill and Northern de
' fectlve, 9@llc; Nevada, 13c; San Jonquln
. ! Foothill free, S'ulle; do defective, 7 i>-; Hum
■ ! "ill and Mendoclno, 15@16c; Eastern Oregon,
II ■!:'■ for choice and Off lie for fair to good.
HOPS— 18 IS crop. 13®l"Hc per lb.
1 SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
While the cattle market is freely supplied
with medium grade grass stock, fine heavy
beeves are In light supply and command the
top quotations. Veal rules firm at the re
■ cent Improvement. Mutton and Lamb are un
changed. Hogs stand as before.
• Wholesale i-sups srcin Biaugntfrera to dealers:
BEEF— 7',ifiS!ic per lb for St.-. and 6Vi@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7i?l7Hc: Ewes, 7c per lb
I LAMB— Spring, 7Vi@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s\i(gi,%c for small, . -\ .(
, 5"bC for medium and sii5 I ,jc for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4^ 4 <gsc; dredged Hogs. 7'(l^ | 7 .■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags, 5%@SHc for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26&25 c; San Quenttn
Bags. $» 95. »
C ''I. Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have been .six arrivals of coal from i
British Columbia with 20,131 tons; three from
Washington, 6775 tons; two from Oregon, 575
tons; one from Baltimore, 4800 tons; one from
Australia, 2050 tons; total, 34,631 tons. The de
| licveries of this week are largely above the
average, yet but little will go Into yard, the ;
! major portion going direct to consumers. If
the Government should require any large de
liveries within a prescribed time, which It
usually does, it would find it no easy matter
to do so. This is the method usually adopted
to furnish transports with fuel. Business
generally in this line is reported fair, sales
being up to the average and prices are steady.
It Is singular that at this time last year there
were fifteen more vessels loading coal in j
Australia for here than at present, with about J
41,000 tons more coal, although the outlook ,
this year is most encouraging for a large sur- !
plus of wheat and barley, whereas at this time
In IS'JS our crops had become an assured
failure. Shipments from Cardiff and Swansea
are Increasing; from the former port they are
principally tor the Navy Department. Hono
lulu is drawing a large quantity of coal from
the colonies, and is paying generous prices for
the same. Coal freights from England and i
Australia are neld at full figures which are
making importers slow to ship. Freights from
the northern coast have been marked up, as
tonnage is scarce."
Wellington, $S per ton; New Wellington,
$*; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $.S; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; |
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle |
Gate, $7 60; Coke, ?12 per ton in bulk and $14
in parks.
RICE-China mixed. $3 7.i(ff3 SO; China No. 1
$4 50<3'4 90; extra do, Jsfis 35; Hawaiian, $6@6 25;
■ Japan, $4 25iQ4 90; Louisiana, $5@6 50.
SUGAR — Western Sugar itefining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5?»c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, •<*-' l c; Confectioners' A. 6'ie: Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 474 c: Extra C, 4»4c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels]
hie more; boxes, ViC more; 50-lb bags. He. more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE FOR FRIDAY
JUNE 9.
Flour, qr sks — 13,562 Onions, sks 300
Wheat, ctla 56,102 Bran, sks 2 035
i Barley, etls 1,745 Middlings sks.... '897
Oats, ctls 3,180 Hay, tons 144
I Corn, East, ctls. 600 Sugar, tons 17i)
Cheese, ctls r.2 Sugar, sks 800
Tallow, ctls 274 Wine, gals 64,350
Butter, ctls 291 Eggs, doz 19,110
Lime, bbls 690 Leather, rolls 351
Quicksilver, flks. 1?, Wool, bags 74
Beans, sks 640 Pelts, bdls 239
', Potatoes, sks — 3.041 Hides, No..'. 642
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 15,999 Bran, sks 3.500
i Oats, ctls 1,940 Shorts, sks 344
! Potatoes, sks .81 Wool, bales 121
Family Betail Market.
Butter and Eggs are rather dearer this week.
Cheese is unchanged. i
Meats stand about the same as for some time,
and there does not seem to be much prospect
of their getting any cheaper at present. The
Poultry market is not heavily supplied and
prices continue rather hlgn In consequence.
The assortment of summer fruits continues to
increase as the season advances, and th? mar
! ket is now well furnished with Apples, Pears,
! Plums, Peaches, Apricots, Berries, etc. The
i summer Vegetables are in their usual abundant
i supply.
> Following is The Call's regular weekly price
I list:
I Coal, per ton —
! Cannel $ (?12 00 , Castle Gate.. s9 CO®
Wellington . ; ft|!lo 00 j southfield
I Sew Welling- - I Wellington @9 bo
ton ®10 00 poos 8ay.... 0 7 00
Seattle 8 OOtf I w
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs — ®20
square 45©— Ranch Kggb, per
Do, per roll — .40@— j dozen 22^®°"
Do. good 35©— I Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10®12! tb 12 15
L'heese, Kastern. I Do, extracted... — ftflO
Cheese, Swiss 20©25/ .
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12S17!Pork, fresh .... 13®17
Beef, choice 18030 Pork, salt l^alu
Do, good lOdlSlPork, chops l.Sru)lS
Corned Beef S'S'IO! Round Steak... l'U
Ham, Lai 12^15 Sirloin Steak V&£—
Do, Eastern — 13 1 Porterhouse, do . 201/
Lard 15 Smoked Beef 12&15
Mutton lOWlolPork Sausages. . . .i">
Lamb 12(jil5! Veal 12©13
Poultry nnd Game —
Hens, each Turkeys, per 1b...15ig'22
Young Kooat- [Ducks, each 65(fi75
ers, each 75QJ90 Geese, each .$1 OOigl 50
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair Suft/60
each 60<f?75 ; Rabbits, pair.. — 40
Fryers, each 50@60|Hare, each 15© 20
Broilers, each 40@50|
I Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds. Ib 15020 Limes, doz — @12
Green Apples BO'S (Oranges. U0z....-..i5(,,ai (
Apricots, per lb.. slglO Pears, per Ib ■!,. 5
liananas, aoz iuntta Peaches, per lb.. 4<i£ S
Blackberries, per .Plums, per 1b.... 4© 6
basket 12@15I Raisins, lb i^lu
Cherries, per 1b..10® 15 Raspberries, per
Currants, per bx.soi??Go 1 drawer 40@60
Figs per lb 30<g-10 Straw lorries, per
3ooseberri"s. 1b... «■« 1 drawer SOS 6O
Lemons, doz Walnuts, 16 i_'., ii
Vegetables— ■ > /
Artichokes, d0z... 20*150, Green Peas, lb — 4@ 5
Asparagus 5©12 Lentils, lb ■>< !»
Beets, doz 12© 13 .Lettuce, doz Is<f?—
Beans, white. lb.. 4® r, unices, Ib 23*3
Colored. Ib 4 ft" 5 Peppers, preen, lblofT2o
Lima, Ib cs 1 — I Potatoes, lb S@ 5
Cabbage each —©10 Parsnips, doz lo'a—
Cauliflowers, each 6010 Rhubarb, per n>.. 4« 6
Celery bunch o@- Radishes, dz bchs.lO'Jm
Cucumbers, per ?nge. dz bnch*.... 25035
dozen 2:@3oi String Beans, lb.. 6® 8
Cress, >!■>/ bnchs .■■■.... summer Squash, lb 6@S
Egg Plant, per lb— @2ojThyme. Ib JO'S JO
Green Corn, per Turnips, doz 10*815
dozen 23@50 .Tomato*?, lb 12*315.
Fish, per —
Barracuda ir>(?J-; Shad 12??lo
L'arp ]U<g—| Striped Bass l.'.'Tin
Codfish 125815 j Smelts —ftlj
Flounders 10012 Soles @15
Halibut 15®— ! Skates, each lOfct—
Kingtish — fa— il'omcod l.'.'n
t Mackerel — ©15 Clams, gal -i-^®~
1". Horse — <"— Do, hardshell, 100.4i>'<|j0
Perch 12<ffl5 Crabs, each 10<?jl5
Pompano -r,ijl 50 Do, softshell. doz. 2s<Sr3s
Rockflsh 15<§ 20 ! Mussels. qt. ....... 10j6?,2
Halmon. smoked..***- ! Oysters. Cal, 100..40#50
Salmon, fresh 15£— Do. Eastern. d 05..25040
: Ehrlmps stiUM
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
j Gas an.l Electric advanced from $63 50 to $63 50.
j Oceanic was firmer at' $S3 50SS4 and Paauhau
at $40®;0 25. Alaska Packers declined to 1111.
On the afternoon call Gas and Electric ad
vanced to $87 76, Alaska Packers to $112 and
1 Paauhau Plantation to $41.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged. The
telegram from the pump said: "The elevator
has been working steadily and continuously
since last report. The water Is 32 feet below
the 1950 level. 227 feet below the 1730 level and
253 feet below the Sutro tunnel drain boxes.
Th.'re I:- still a large etream of water running
from the 1950 level in the .shaft."
The Giant Con. Powder Company will pay
a dividend of 50c i>er share to-day.
The London and San Francisco Bank. Llm
, Ited, has declared a dividend of 2 per cent,
amounting to i^SUO.
The Six:: Jose Water Company will pay
dividend of Me per share to-day.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
■ pay a dividend of 40c to-day.
The California-street Cable Company will
pay a dividend of 50c per share on the 14th
tnst.
In the Standard Consolidated mine nt P.odie,
for the week ending June C, the usual pros
pecting and development work was done on the
150. 200, 217, 818, 380, 52S and 582 levels accord-
Ing to the official reoort Just received. The
upraises. Nos. 2, 3, 4 and 7 above the 31S level,
in No. 10 vein, have widths of ore In their tops
varying from 14 to 24 Inches. In the etoping
ground the usual amount of ore has been taken
from the East. Bullion, New, No. 10, Black
Magulre and Fortuna veins on the several
levels. High-grade ore is being extracted from
the C. and I), vein on the 336 level. At the
mill 213 tons of ore were crushed for the week
Average assay of vanner ti'iliris.-. $9 96; con
] centrates produced, 1 ton; assay value, $195 24
--, I amalgam produced, 1113' i troy ounces; value
per ounce, J2 42. Tailings plant No. 1 treated
252 tons of tailings and plant No. 2 treated
, 164& tons.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 9-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bl.l.Afk".
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14"i 15V1
Is quar coup.. — Oakland Gas.. 4.V, 2 48
■ *»s quar reg... — — Pac Gas Imp.. G7 68
-• a quar new..l2SVil3o Pa'- I. <'o. ... — «=;
>s quar c0up. .103 — SF G & E.... 67 s i 63
Miscellaneous— | San Fran 3% 3*i
1 ral-st Cab a 5 .117 - .Stockton Gas. 12 —
C C Wat ...11l 112*; Insurance—
E L & P 65.. 131 1.1: rein's Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ky Bs.UUSVi — | Bank Stocks—
ieary-st R ss. 90 93 lAnrlo-Cal .... — K.V.
H C & S R^s..lO2Vi - IBank of c a i..26J — "
L A Ky 55.... 107 103 Cal S I' & T. — 9$H
L A L Co C 5..101% — IFirsi Nation). 22o _
Ho gntd Gb.ICIH — Lon P & A.... 130 131
L, AL Co is... 100 — : Mer Exchange — IS
Market-st 6?..12!< - Nev Nat P.k. — 190
Do Ist M 55.116%117% Savings Banks—
NS N G 11 78.109 — Ger S & L..1600 IS.'iO
, N Ry Cal 65.. — 117 ,Hum S & L.1050 1160
N R of Cat ;.s.n3Vi — 'Mutual Say. 36 41%
' SPC H R 6s. — JOS : S F Say V.. 500 —
• X PCB R 55.10« — !s & L So.. — 8S
. N Cal X R 65. 11 l — Security SB— 300
. Oak Gas 5? ..11l — Union T Co. — 1465
Oni C Ky 65. .127 130 Street Railroads—
1' & Cl Ky 6s. 107 109 California ....116 —
V & O6s 117 - Reary so —
■ Powell-st 65...— 1224 Market-st 60! —
; ?ac El Rv 8 . _ — o o k SL& H — —
S F i N P 35. 116 — Presidio — 16
S F & S 11454115 , powder—
lierraß Cal 6s. 10'^ — California .... — 175
B I 1 of A fi5..113 ; 2 — IE Dynamite... 57»4 —
5 P C <:s (1306) — 113^ Giant Con Co. 74'- —
= PC 6s (1906) — — .Vlgorlt 3% 3^
-■ PC 6s (1912> — — I Sugar—
SPCIs eg 55. 104 — liana P C 0.... 17% IS
S P Br 6s 124 — Haw C& S C.IOO 103
- V \\ in ..118 - Hutch Si' Co. 33U. 34' i
s V Wat 45...104V;i04'.i Kilauea s Co. 30% —
B V \V4s(3dm) Onomea s Co. 40% 41
Stktn'Oas 65..102^ — Paauhau S P. 40- 1 ; 41
Water Stocks— I- Miscellaneous—
I Contra Costa.. 69' i f.r' r - 4 Al Pac Assn.. ll2 —
I Mann Co ... nO - Ger Ld \Vks..23U —
' I Spring Valley. 101 101'i'Mer Ex Assn. Srt —
I Has and Electric— I Oceanic S Co. S4 84%
Capital Gas... — — IPac a F a 2',-j j-t,
' Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.125. 125 —
Cent L * P.. — 7 I Par Paint Co.. .', —
; Equit G L Co. :■ 5% 1
Morning Session.
Board— \
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 11130
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 11l v)
50 liana Plantation Co, b 3 17 00
JO liana Plantation Co 17 30
50 liana Plantation Co, cash 17 30
10 Market Street Railway 61175
80 Market Street Railway 60 50
30 Market Street Railway 60 62U
60 Oceanic S S Co S3 50
25 Oceanic S S Co S3 7:,
25 Oceanic S s Co S3 S7 ! .
50 Oceanic S S Co S4 fO "
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 4.1 25
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 63 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 64 00
120 Sun Francißco Gas & Electric C 0.... 65 00
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... •'.'. 50
320 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 65 23
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 50
Afternoon Session.
Boa.-d—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 00
10 Contra Costa Water 69 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 1,24
50 Hutchir.son s I' Co 31 00
20 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 30 75
$lC,oooMarket St Ky Ist Con 5 per ct bds.ll7 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 CO
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 50
10 Oceanic S s Co 84 25
23 Paauhau s p Co 40 50
10 Paauhau s P Co 40 75
125 Paauhau S I" Co 41 00
25 Spring Valley Water 10137%
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 50 "
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 75
33 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 00
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 67 50
151 San Francisco Gas & Electric 50.... 67 00
50 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, s 30 67 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 67 75
20 Vigorit Powder 3 ,-,0
5 Vlgorit Powder 3 624
Street—
$5000 Market St R R Con 5 per ct bds...H7 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Hoard—
10 Oceanic S S Co S3 50
15 Oceanic S S Co S3 25
20 Oceanic S S Co ;■( 3714
2*. Market Street Railway (0 73'
20 Hana Plantation Co 17 '0
50 Central Light & Power Co)
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 •$-].;
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 25
10 Giant Powder Con 7.-, 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Market Street Railway CO 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 1., 00
73 Central Light & Power C 50
100 Vigorit Powder 350
100 Equitable Gas & 37.4
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00
10 Giant Powder Con 75 2.">
10 Giant Powder Con 75 37W
-10 Giant Powder Con 75 f.O "
25 Onomea Sugar Co 39 S7',j
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board
25 Contra Costa Water 70 12Vj
50 Equitable Gas 5 50
20 Giant Powder Con 74 75
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 CO
20 lima Plantation Co 17 50
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 62',i
50 Vlgorit Powder 1 3 50
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 62Vi
20 Spring Valley Water 101874
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the ?ales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 83 300 Potosi 39
300 Chollar 30 50 Sierra Nevada. 63
600 Ophir 110 200 Union Con 42
Afternoon Session.
COO Alpha 05 300 Mexican 50
400 Belcher 3S 300 Mexican 51
400 Best & Belcher 49 200 Occidental 31
200 Caledonia 79 500 Ophir 110
100 Challenge 34 100 Overman 19
100 Con Cai & Va.l 70 700 Potosi 40
300 Con Imperial .. 02 200 Savage 23
200 Crown Point... 27 300 Savage 21
400 Gould & Curry 27 200 Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Hale & Norcrs Ml 300 Union Con .... 41
100 Justice IS! 100 Utah 15
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: -■
Morning Session.
KOO Alta 06 500 Con Cal & V.I 52^4
300 Belcher 33 600 Hale & Norcrs 36
300 P.elcher 37 1100 Mexican 50
400 Best A Belcher 48 300 Overman 20
200 Caledonia S3 300 Potosi 38
200 Caledonia 80 650 Sierra Nevada. 69
200 Caledonia 74 200 Union Con .... 41
800 Chollar 30 200 Union Con 40
200 Con Cal A.- V.I 67"" 400 Yellow Jacket. 39
500 Con Cal & V...1 >- .
Afternoon Session. •
CCO Belcher 37 300 Gould & Curry «*
2(10 Best & Belcher 4^ 200 Justice 19
200 Best & Belcher 49 300 Ophlr 110
200 Challenge Con. 3". 300 Potosi 41
200 Challenge Con. SO 300 Savage 25
200 Con Cal & V.I t,.",5 200 Union Con .... 41
2CO Con Cal & V...1 U3 200 Union Con .... 42
200 Confidence I(i 400 Yellow vt. 40
200 Crown Point... 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. June 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid, Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Kentuck 04 08
AHa 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Andes 13 14 Mexican 51 53
Belcher 39 i" Occidental 30 —
Best & Belcher 48 50 Ophlr 110 115
Bullion 06 07 Overman 20 21
Caledonia 77 80 Potosi 4>i 41
('hollar 30 31 Savage 2.1 24
Challenge Con.. 34 —Scorpion — 01
Confidence l OS 115 Be* Belcher ... 07 f>s
Con Cal & Va.l fir. 1 7<l Sierra Nevada. 71 72
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... 1- TJ Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 02 Standard 250 —
Exchequer .... 02 03 St Louis 11 —
Gould & Curry 2S 29 Union Con 40 42
Hale & Norcrs 35 36 Utah ]"> 10
Julia 02 — Yellow Jacket.. 40 41
Justice 17 19
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
I'nlt^d States Cnast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th<> Superintend"nt.
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at
th<> city front (Mission-street wharM about
twenty-five mlnutea later th:in at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the s.ime at both places
SATURDAY. JUNE 10.
Sun rises 4:47
Hun sets ' «
Moon sets 5:84 p. mil
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the parly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second tlm»> column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
«nd the last or right hand column gives th«
Inst tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sUn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r pfp r p nf is the moan nf thp lnw*r low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 9.
Stmr Tll'.amook, Anflndsen, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Snnr Alcazar, Gunderson, 46 hours from Coos
Bay,
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, 21 days 2 hours from
Panama, etc.
Br stmr Doric. 29 days 12' i hours from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 17 days 14\1 hours, via
Honolulu 6 days S hours 5S minutes.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielson, 8 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Friday. June 9.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr China, Seabury. Hongkong, etc; P M
5 S Co.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Nanaimo; P I Co.
Stmr Bertha, Thomas, St Michael; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Friis, Honolulu; Welch
6 Co.
Br bark Strathdon, Walker, Liverpool; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, June 9.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, .
Stmr China. Seabury, Hongkong and Toko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, I/eland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Bertha. Thomas, St Michael.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Point Conception
P.r stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nana.mO.
Bark Martha Davis. Frils. Honolulu.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Kallenberg, •
Icnr Amethyst. Zimmerman. — -. Columbia
Schr James A Garfteld, Lewis, Columbia
R Schx Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 9, 10 P m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— SaiIed June S— Stmrs Rival and
Westport for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June S— Stmr eeott. hno
June 6; stmr Pasadena, hence June 7.
C\SP\R— Arrived June — Stmr Cleone, hence
June' 8: schr Bio Hey. hence June 6.
HUENEME June — bchr La Glron- A
de from Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 6— Schr Lizzie
Vance, from Eureka. June 9— Schr Meteor,
from Port Gamble.
USAL— Sailed June 9— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed May 3— ship
Kate Thomas, for Acapulco. June 4— ship
Cambrian Princess, for Acapulco.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 27— Br ship Kil
mory, from London, 99 days 10 hours; Russ
war shi:> Razboynik, from Valparaiso. May
3p_u - stmr Sherman, hence May 22. May 31—
Br stmr Gaelic, hence May 25; ship George Cur
tis, from New York; bktn Robert Sudden, from
Newcastle, Aus. June I— U S stmr Philadel
phia, from Apia; Br stmr Doric, from Yokoha
ma. June 2— Br stmr Carlisle City, from Yo
kohama; Ger shir H Hackfeld, from Liver
pool; schr Emma Claudina. rfom Eureka. May
31— Ger ship Wega. from London.
Sailed May 27— U S Etmr Centennial. for
Manila; schr Fred E Sanders, for Port Town
send. May 29— Bark C D Bryant, for San Fran
cisco; schr Golden Shore, for Port Townsend.
May 31— Schr Mary E Foster, for San Fran
cisco. June I— Br stmr Gaelic, for Yokohama:
I' S stmr Sherman, for Manila; Haw ship Fort
George, for San Francisco. June 2— Schr Chas
R Wilson, for Port Townsend.
HlLO— Arrived April 26— U S stmr Adams,
from Magdalena Bay. May 23— Haw bark San
tiago, hence May 14.
MAHUKONA— SaiIed May 20— Brig John D
Spreckels. for San Francisco.
Arrived May 29— Bktn George C Perkins, fm.
Honolulu.
HONOIPU— SaiIed May 23— Schr John a
North, for San Francisco.
.Tl'NlN— Arrived June 7— Br ship Halewood,
hence April 14.
IQUIQUE— June — Br ship Rivers
dale, hence April 20.
HOBART— prior June 9— Brig Gene
va, from Eureka.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 17— Br ship Lao
m°ne. for Port Angeles.
NEWCASTLE, NEW— Sailed June B— Fr bark
Jacques, for San Francisco. 1
KAHULUl— Arrived May 23— Brig Lurllne ™
hence May 17. May 30— Bktn Wrestler, hence
May 16.
For Late Shipping, See Page 2.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HIGH OFFICIAL
SECRETLY VIEWS
THE HARBOR
Big Contract Closed
Last Night.
GENERAL WILSON'S IDEAS
DOES NOT FAVOR THE SCHEME
OF A TIDAL CANAL.
Although Much Money Is Available
for Harbor Improvement, It
Will Not Be Used Till
Congi-ess Meets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
SOS roadway, June 9.
Unknown to all hut a few of those in
nerepted in the development of Oaklanc
harbor, General Wilson, chief of th<
United States corps of engineers at Wash
ington, has just ma I a personal inspec
tlon of the harbor. He was accompanied
by a few prominent water front men. bu'
not wishing to be mixed up with deli
tlona anxious to revive the old contro
versy between Oakland and Aiameda, .'-is
visit was kept a found secret.
To-night th« contract at present exist
ing for dredging the harbor was com
pleted. This marks an important step li
the development of harbor Improvements
It means that there is now at low tide
twenty feet of water from the hay up t<
"Webster street bridge in a channel 300 feel
wide. The dredger pumped the last buck
et of mud this evening; and nothing more
will be done until Congress awards a new
contract. There is at present S.'ttO.OOO or
hand to continue the work cast of Web
eter street bridge, and another $300 000 will
Ultimately be available, the whole having
to be spent at the rate of $133,000 per an
num.
Major Heuer, who is In charge of th«
Government engineering works on this
coast; has asked the War Department to
appoint a commission of engineers to sur
vey tho whole of the harbor and report to
the Government as to the best methods to
be pursued in deriving the greatest bene
fit from the appropriations provided by
Congress.
General Wilson, judging from his re
marks, docs not seem to favor the build
ing of the tidal canal, which scheme is
considered by Aiameda tci be absolutely
necessary to that city's sanitary perfec
tion. The general, who is in a position
to practically dictate what shall be done,
said enough to indicate that he believes
the money could be spent to best ad
vantage in improving the harbor proper.
This eld fight between Oakland and Aia
meda is responsible for the hanging up
of more than $250,000, which might be
spent at once. Dr. J. T. McLean was the
leading spirit in AJameda's light, but he.
i« no longer Health Officer of that city,
and the Oakland harbor promoters are not
sorry that the aged official is having a
well-earned rest.
It Is probable that an effort will be
made to have the width of the harbor in
creased tv 500 feet and to increase th«
d-pth to twenty-live ...... the next
Congress convenes the War Department
and tho local engineers will probably hay*=
arrived at an understanding that will up
set many of the cherished plans of those
personally Interested !n the harbor and
who have been lighting over its develop
ment for many years.
. ♦ .
Concert by the Blind.
BERKELEY, Juno 9.— A iarjre audience
father-- 1 !! at th«- Prate Institute for the :
><»af and Dumb and Wind this evenfnjr ;
to listen to a concert given by the blind j
pupils of the institution. The programme ,
..pencil and closed with chorus selections |
rendered by the entire class in vocal cul- j
turft Between these came a number of j
well chosen pieces for piano, organ and
vocal solos, taken for the most part from
the 'lassie composers. In technique and!
In expression the work of the pupils was '■■
highly praiseworthy; the lack of sight ;
being scarcely detected in their admirable j
execution. The performance was under
the charge of otto Flelssner; director of i
music at the institution.
Tourists Start for Yosemite.
Ai.A.uiJiA, June 3.— A party consisting
of the folowinp named left to-day by pri
vate conveyance for Yosemite Valley:
Mrs. George Bow, Miss May Perkins
(daughter of Senator Perkins); George E.
Bew, William Whiley, J. A. R. Peel, Miss
May Bramhali; Miss Anna Kruger,
Mrs. Oirl Bruntsch; Miss Margaretha
Bruntsch: Colonel and Mrs. J. J. Tobin,
Miss Edith Sullivan, Miss Nellie Sullivan,
Roland Youiip, Sidney Haslett and Wil
liam Russ.
SHORTRIDGE DIVORCE SUIT.
All Property Rights to Be Settled Out
of Court.
■ . M 3 rtrldge
• an her husba i
rtrli •■ ed by
' ■ morning.
appear to con
ind Mrs. Shortridfire was
■■ stand.
the d^H'-rt . the complaint,
and hei i oborated by
enta Mr.
Short;
The !.■!'■• I lish plaintiff's allega
t, hut on suggestion
■inst-1 a decree was not entered and
ich time as Mr. and
Mrs. Shortridgi Musted th" va
hts. A decree will then
be entered granting Mrs. Shortridge a di
sruund named — desertion.
MEDAL OUR HONORED
VOLUNTEERS WILL WEAR
i- 1 vfhv soldier or Bailor who volunteered In tho service of hi? country
— from California during the Spanish-American war will be decorated
(^ by the people of this State as a recognition of his patriotism. The
I * movement originated with the Native Sons of the Golden West, and
the medal design recently accepted by a committee is herewith re
produced.
On the obverse Bide of the emblem is preserved the main features and
general appearance of the seal of the State of California. As will be seen
in the accompanying Illustration the figure of California is portrayed in a
Bitting posture. •
On the shield is the head of Minerva and at her side is a grizzly bear,
typical of California. At the foot of the dias are scattered the fruits and
flowers of the Golden State, with the soldier and sailor at either side./ To
the left are seen the soldiers' tents at the Presidio, while on the bay, to the
right, is the United States battleship Olympia.
On the reverse side of the proposed medal the Stars and Stripes are
shown, linked to the bear flag of this State. The name of the donors is
raised on the upper rim. leaving ample space underneath for that of the re
cipient. In the center is the shield of the United States, encircled by a
wreath of laurel, and at the base is a tablet on which are words explanatory
of the gift ■>••.'■ ■:■'-;■ li:'
A design submitted by K. K. Hopps was considered second best. The
bar submitted in his design will be used. It beers California in raised let
ters, with a grizzly's head peering over the upper .edge.
PHOTOGRAPHING A
WILE OF ARLINGTON'S
Oakland Office San Franciscr. Call, !*>s Broadway. .Tune 9.
WHKN Arthur Arlington, the notorious bunko man, has an opportunity
in court next Wednesday be will present the most unique defense on
record to ;!.« charge of Felony preferred against him by Mrs. Minnie
Smith. The evidence will consisi of a photograph showing that after
ihi- alleged snatching of the lady's purse by Arlington the would-be divorces
consented t<> pose in a very loving attitude before the camera. When this lit
tle Incident was taking- place at Piedmont Springs Mrs. Smith did not know
that the hoary-headed adventurer was killing two birds with one stone. He
was making evidence to help him in the. p\-t»m of his arrest fnr robbery and
a very forcible argument why Mrs. Smith, who is n<>t yet
divorced, Bhould desire to kc-p the Incident very quiet.
Th( I nying that the adventurer and the lady he was about to em
ploj as h. per did Btrike a very affectionate pose. The earner;'.
portrayed it with -trikiiig fidelity. It was a tintype apparatus and only pro
tive that might produce tell-tal^
! libitum. Arlington took me of the gems, Mrs. Smith t h^ other,
each is prizing the possession with great Becrecy, fully Intending that
suggestive photograpl iced until the proper moment.
"Would a woman who has just been violently robbed of 121485 consent to
■ picture su.-h as this?" says Arlington.
That is the story from Arllngi ii of view.
"It was perhaps foolish." said Mrs, Smith to-day, "that 1 should have
the old wretch to have ny photographed. II" is a very suave,
• manly old man. old enough to be my grandfather, and really I had no
: ■ C the thing when I permitted It. 1 was earn
estly looking for work, having t<> support myself and little girl. I am living
Aiih my Bister, Mrs Slebert, and had saved every cent I had and which I
earned by hard work. He positively robbed me "f my money and refused
to return It, and even if 1 did act a little foolishly, that does not excuse
him."
Mr?. Biebert, sister "f Mrs. Minnie Smith, is prepared to overthrow Arl
ington's story of it:- ■ iph and the deduction that he draws from it.
'My sister is young," bI •• said, "and has been brought up In the coun
try- She is not acquainted with the ways of these old rascals. Arlington
has duped women much smarter than my sister, and chief Lees tells me
that since I**] he has been d"iug these tricks and makes a specialty of in
ducing the woman to Ik- photographed, so that he can h«ve something with
which to browbeat her. Ws are fully prepared to offset his story about the
photograph. He has also lied In saying that after leaving the spring* he
went with my sister to San Francisco. They never went out of Oakland. I
was very much surprised to find In some of th- newspapers, but not in The
Cull, that 1 had taken up a chair and attempt.-.! to brain the old beast In
court. I v. ■ : the courtroom al all that day, and the incident was
entirely false. ! think my sister deserves credit for standing up and prose
cuting this man when so many women have been duped and are too afraid
of publicity u> come forward and see that he gets his merited punishment.
re he is through he will be very sorry that he gave away the story of
the photograph."
FOR LICENSE COLLECTOR.
Absence of Commissioner Truman
Causes the Election to Be
Postponed.
On account of the temporary absence
from the city of Treasurer Truman there
was no election of a License Colleci >r
rday. The time set for the meeting
of the commission was noon, and vi that
hour Mr. Truman sent word tha
would not return from San Jos.- in time
the meeting. Mayor Phelan nnd
Auditor Wells met in the Mayor's office
at the appointed tlm" and by mutual con
sent appointed Colonel Sullivan, the
Mayor's private secretary, as secretary
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JCNE 10, 1899
of the commission. The Mayor suggest '
that as Mr. Truman was absent there
was llttli use for a forma! session but
the Auditor Insisted that they take at
least one ballot, and then if it resulted in
no choice an adjournment could be taken
This course was agreed upon, and the
Mayor c-a.-t hie vote for Theodor. y Bon
ncumbent, and Auditor Wells voted
for William Z. Tiffany. On motion of Mr
vveiia Hi.- meeting then adjourned until
Monday morning at v o'clock. If all of
the members an present at the meeting
on Monday Frederick W. Lees, it is said
will be elected, it being generally under
tood that he will receive the votes of
both the Republican members of the com
mission.
Will Play Handball.
Entries for th« handball games on Sunday
In Phil Ryan's court at B.">S Howard street are
as follows:
D. Rodgers and M. McDonald vs. M. McNeil
and <:. McDonald.
J. Kirby and D. Regan vs. T. Foley and M
Kirby.
J. Dowling and R. Housman vs. P. Ryan and
M. B.isoh.
P. Hutchltißon and M. Dillon vs. P. Kelly
, and G. Hutchlnaon.
J. White and K. Maloney vs. J. Collins and
M. Marulre.
T. Serrea and B. White vs. R. Regll and A
', Whiteman.
a. Hampton and J. Rlordon vs. M. ,T Kll
| gallon and R. TJn-linn.
Death of Mrs. Mary L. Brown
Mrs. Mary U Hrown. wife of Thoma*
Brown, cashi«r of the Hank of California
died hi this city yesterday afternoon at
her residence, 1019 Hush street. The lady
was widely known in this city and Stair
and her mam friends will deeplj rajfrei
n-r .I. mis.-. She was horn on the [sle Ol
Mackinaw, Michigan, and was about ?•
years f age. The funeral, which win b<
private, win take place to-morrow after
noon at ?.:'M) from the family residence
Vigilantes Incorporate.
lante Society for the Investigation of
Public and. Private Institutions, Preven
tion of Cruelty to Women and Children.
Suppression of Vice and Enforcement of
Law and Order were tiled yesterday The
directors are William C. Badger George
W. Caswell, Thomas X. Lieb, Mrs. John
Pettee, Mrs. E. McKinley, Laura B. Hum
phrey and M. M. Finite.
■ ♦ ■
Angels' Serenade To-Morrow.
At St. Marys (Paulist) Churcn the fol
lowing programme of music will l>e '!ven
at the 11 o'clock mass to-morrow: 'An
gels' Serenade," "Haydn's Second Muss in
C" The renowned vocalist Denis O'Sulli
van will sing Dudley Buck's "Beati" and
will a!so sing the bass solos during the
mass. Grand recessional chorus, "Praise
Ye the Father" (Gounod).
■ * ■
In the Divorce Court.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Mary Kelty against John Kelty for cruel
ty; Genevlve Mac Burnham against Elth
emar Rurnham for desertion; Johannah
Beeger against George Seeger for failure
to provide, and Martin J. Troy against
Clara E. Troy for desertion.
ELLENBERG HAS
DESERTED HIS
YOUNG BRIDE
Sad Sequel of an April
Elopement.
HE IS WANTED FOR PERJURY
IRATE FATHER-IN-LAW AP
PLIES FOR A WARRANT.
Marrieu Life Had No Charms for the
Groom, Who, It Is Alleged,
Swore Falsely to His
Age.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 9.
The sad sequel of another elopement de
veloped to-day, when William Sill, an
irate father, and his daughter, a deserted
j wife of little over a month, called at the
l District Attorney's office in quest "f a
j warrant for the arrest of Robert Kllen
berg, the deserting spouse, on a charge of
perjury.
Ellenberg and Miss Mabel Sill -were se
j cretly married In San Francisco last .April.
Several weeks elapsed before the faci <if
the elopement was made known to .Miss
: Sill's part-ins, who reside In Easi Oak
i land, and to say that they were dum
i founded Is p'.ittinK it mildly. However, no
| very serious objections were raised and
the young bride and groom temporarily
I made their home with the kt m's brother
in San Franc-is.-... The latter had prom
ised to start the young benedict in the
; bakery business in The metropolis, but the
two brothers soon disagreed, disputes
; arose and wordy wars were waged. Fin
ally the young couple were ordered to
: seek a new domicile. Mrs. Bllenberg the
next day missed her husband and he has
n.it been s.-.-n or heard from Bince.
Had Ellenberg not deserted his young
bride he mighi have gained assistance,
! but now the young woman's parents'
' wr&tfa knows no bounds.
An Inspection of the marriage license
revealed a good cause for EUenberg's ar
rest, in the document he hud taken <'nth
that his age was 21 years, when il is
stated tn be a fad that he has n.>t seen
nineteen summers, and his young wife has
i Been less. Because he is alleged to have
] sworn falsely In order to secure the li
cense, a warrant was asked, but inas
much as the case is one obviously within
: the jurisdiction of th>- San Francisco au
thorities Mr. Sill was advised t.. go to
, the metropolis for the greatly desire. l
warrant.
"MARY ANN'S PREDICAMENT."
All Amusing Farce Presented by
Members of Mission Chapter,
Order Eastern Star.
The large hall in the Mission district
known as Mission Music Hall was last
I night crowded by one of the most bril
! liant throngs that ever gathered within its
i walls. The occasion of it was a desire to
j witness "Mary Ann's Predicament," an
. original farce written by members of Mis-
I sion Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
| Star and presented by eleven ladies and
, seven gentlemen of the chapter and eleven
i others who assisted. It was an exceeding
I ly amusing aggregation of nonsense, and
i was exceedingly well received, as was
j manifested by the frequent applause.
Those who took part were: Mesdames
I Alice Mick!.. Sarah A. Cox. Mary G. FoS
j t'er. a. Christenson, E. Rector, Evelyn
! McCall, Katie Zollner. G. D. Flack. w. C.
j Ordway and Alice Ford; Messrs. Andrew
| Christenson, Walter Burner, W. C. Ord
way, Richard Herring, George I). Flack,
; I-:. H. Tietje, D. C. Smith and Dr. D. B.
j Plymire. The farce was followed by vo
-1 cal selections by John H. Desmond and a
! cakewalk and dance by Mabel Ordway
i and Lizzie Wetjen and a programme of
! twelve dances. The affair was under the
j direction of Ellen Wilson, Alice Hickie,
I Sarah M. Flack, Andrew Christenson,
| Mary G. Foster, Hattie McPhun and
j Sarah A. Cox.
ROMANCE IN THE LIFE
OF MANAGER O. L. TUTTLE
Santa. Cruz Baseball Man Learns That
Kis Father Is Still
Living.
SANTA CRUZ, June 9. -O. L. Turtle,
manager of the local baseball team,
learned last evening fqr the first time tho
story "f his father, of which he had been
k'-pt In Ignorance by his mat* rnal grand
parents, who brought him to Santa Cruz
twenty-six years ago. Manager Tuttle
met L. I. Tuttle, a commercial traveler,
; at the St. George Hotel h'-re. and during
a conversation Manager Tuttle was told
that his father was Lyman Tuttle, son
of General J. P. Tuttle, C. S. A., of
Maine.
Lyman Tuttli married a poor girl ;:t
Frederickstown, New Brunswick, against
his father's wishes. His parents were In
Kentucky when young Tuttle was burn.
They then went to Athens, Me., where
General Tuttle forgave his son and set
him up In business. After a time, owing
to domestic reasons, Tattle's mother's
parents with Mrs. Tuttle and her two
children went to Frederiekstown. The
father hastened after them, but lost all
I trace. The grandparents on the mother's
side w."nt to Minneapolis, where
Turtle's mother died. The old people
tame to California with Tuttle when he
was four years old.
His father spent thousands of dollars in
advertising and in employing detectives
in an effort to locate his wife and chil
dren. Not knowing whether his wife was
dead or alive he never remarried. He ia
now a prominent resident of Toronto,
Canada, where he is general manage] for
a corporation, receiving $10,000 a year. tie
has been communicated with.
The strangest part of the story is that
1... P. Tuttle has been coming here annu
ally for ten years and only last night O
L. Tuttle met him.
COMMITS SUICIDE TO
ESCAPE STARVATION
Sausalito Man Afflicted by Cancer of
the Stomach Ends His
Agony.
SAUSAIjITO. June 9— Michael Weber,
n single man, 4", years of age, committed
Bufclde ejirly (his morning by tying a
hug.- stun.' id bis neck with a bale rope
and jumping Into the bay from Dextc.r - »
l'icr. He left a nuto for Jacob Bneil, pro
prietor of the Sausalito Hotel, saying he
was tired of life on account of illness and
telling where bis body could be found.
John !.'■• and Dreefaro Jaro dragged the
bay at Dexter's Tier and found the body
before noon. Coroner Eden held an In
quest this afternoon. A verdict was ren
dered in accordance with the facts.
Weber was suffering from cancer of the
stomach and bad eaten hardly anything
for two weeks. 1 >r. Crumpton asserts that
the suicide would have died of starvation
in a week had he not taken his own life.
Child Torn by Savage Dogs.
CHICO, June B.— Last nlKht two <iops on
11. 1.. Reed's place near this city attacked
th- eight-year-old son <>f Ben Helphin
stine and before the child could be res
cued the fierce animals had lecerated his
lower limbs and back in a horrible man
ner. One of the dogs refused to release
his hold and had to bo killed. The In
jured lad Is in a serious condition.
■ ♦ ■
R. P. Bland Slightly Better.
LEBANON. Mo., June 9.— State Senator
Farris, who has been out to the home of
Richard P. Bland, reported that at 10
o'clock to-nigfht the stricken man was
pltjrhtly bettor. At that time Mr. Bland
w:is able to talk to those about him and
was restine easier.
TRIES THREE TIMES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
Mrs. Alma Undo Would Die Because Her ;.
Husband Abandoned Her. S
MRS. ALMA UNDO, the wife of Lawrence Linda, steward in the Popular
Restaurant en Geary street, is determined to end her life owing to her
husband having oast her off for the society of another woman. Mrs.
Undo has made three unsuccessful attempts within twenty-four hours,
and she declares that the next effort will not be a fHlure.
On Thursday night she attempted to swallow a do.se of Rough on R:U^. but
was prevented from carrying out her intention by Mrs. Kelly, the landlady of
the house at 711 Stockton street. She was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in a hysterical condition and was released shortly before 10 o'clock. Mrs.
Undo thin went to her husband's room at 668 Mission street with her two
year-old boy and begged him to give up his infatuation for Mrs. Tilmes and
live with her again, but he told her that he would not live with her and that
he Intended leaving the city soon, so that he would ma see <>r hear of her
again. Mrs. Undo then stole a revolver from him and went away determined
to di.-.
Yesterday morning after brooding over her troubles she took the revolver
and, placing the muzzle against her temple, pulled the trigger. Her aim was
bad and the bullet lodged in the ceiling. Twice more s!;.- pulled the trigger
with the same result, and before she could lire again Mrs. Kelly rushed into
the room atid took the weapon from her. A few hours "iter she purchased a
quantity of morphine? and swallowed it. The Receiving Hospital was notified
and she was taken there in the ambulance, where the usual remedies were
administered with satisfactory results. She declared, however, that the next
attempt would be successful, as she would not live without her husband. She
will soon again become a mother.
Officer McMurray of the Society tor the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
was notified ami he interviewed Mrs. Lindo in the hospital. She told him
that she and her husband had been married for three years and lived happily
together till about three, months ago, when he left her owing to his infatua
tion for Mrs. Tilmes. who is at present living with her mother in Boulder
Creek till she can get a divorce from her aged husband and Lindo can obtain
a divorce from his wife so that they can remarry.
McMurray tailed upon Lindo and was surprised to find that he had been
paying his wife *2'i per month for the support of herself and child. Undo
said they wen- only married May 5 last by Justice of the Peace Barry; that
be bad been arrested for betrayal uncVi promise of marriage and Questioned
in Judge Graham "3 court He was then warned that unless ho marri<-d the
woman hi- would be sent to San Quentin. Lindo said he had no intention of
living with her. but would support her and the child. He is only I'l years of
age and does not deny his preference for Mrs. Tilmes. who is a year younger.
ATHLETES ARE SUSPENDED.
The athletes of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association are Btirred up over the
recent action of the athletic council, re
sulting in the suspension of D. G. (irant
and w. Lamont, two of the most promi
nent athletes of the Mission branch of the
association. The two men in question took
part in the Indoor championship meeting
recently held In the Olympic club gymna
sium. They entered under the standards
of the Olympic Club, ignoring their own
affiliations. The association athletic com
mittee met, and, following the spirit and
letter of the rules which govern their ath
letic affairs, the two athletes wore sus
pended for a year. Lamont won the 1000
--yard race and Grani the high jump, mak
ing ten i "fins for the Olympic Club. Had
they entered with the Mission team, the
score would have been Olympics 15, Mis
sions 14. which would have placed the lat
i, ■: a close second.
On July 8 the three branches of the
association will hold a general champion
ship field day for the establishment of
new records. The main branch, the Mis
sions and the Oakland's will compete. The
programme will include the regular thir
teen events on track and field, with pos
sibly a mile relay added. Medals for rec
ord breaking and first places will be given
bj the association. The Held day will be
held on Berkeley oval.
The Indoor baseball championship games
;irc attracting a great deal of attention.
( )n Tuesday last the Rompers beat the
Bumpers. The next game will be between
tlu Rompers and Jumpers. So far the
Rompers are ahead, having won their two
games. The Jumpers won one and lost
one and the Bumpers have lost two.
This morning the last basket ball match
between the young women of the main
latlon and the Missions will be play
ed in the Ellis-street gymnasium. The
teams will then disband for the summer.
Story of the richest clergyman in
the world, in next Sunday's Call.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
__ BELTINO. HARDWARE.
f l> nrnCM Manufacturer of Belting and DAI-ACE Hardware Co., Importer* and Deal-
L. I. Wtutn, Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis- r ers '" hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 752.
.Jon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. — : — FOUNDERS.
BO.LER MAKERS. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedloy. Proo*,
nTTnnTr i T»r\TT nT» TTrrvnT7"Ci 234 Fremont St. Castings of F.rery Da.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. PAPER DEALERS.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Uljl I «MCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO.
Office and Works-U3-115 MISSION ST. J* ILLAMtIIt 722M,n» g , m . ry s .
Telephone Main EMS. PRINTING.
F C HlinHF^ printer. .
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. L- V>- HUUIILQ, „ Sansornejtr^t
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, | the mcKS-JDDB co, bi^r^ F^ t
342 to 350 Geary Street. Abore Powell, ; rf>| {-A a 1000 envelopes, billheads, cards.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. *Pl»t9 Vnoteheads or statements printed;
< catalogue printing a specialty. MELA. BLEJT,
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.' . 511 Sacramento street. Tel. Main 1834
I C WILSON & CO STATIONFR AND PRINTER.
J. O. WILSUIN OC V^^., Telegraphic r> 4 p TßmrF3o6Cal! .
bOO BATTERY. STREET. Codec. K/\K 1 KlUllC fornla st.
Telephone Main 1864. ' WAREHOUSEMEN.
COPPERSMITH, THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr. Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Oen-
r> vj c^ni, cvi ni,, _»•■ n - c tMn , hn . t era ' Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
C. W. Smith, hip P. 1 "" 1 *' 1 "'?' Steamboat era , office 6 210 California st Tel Main 1914 .
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 : — , _
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. i;.., WATCHES, ETC.
" DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.. T- LUNDY, "\t^^XJ*V£ £*
REDINGTON & CO. s S o c n CO s n tl a ?el S Sen 4e n n 4 WHITt ASH STEAM COAL,
 . Mined by th«
FRPSH AND SALT MEATS BLACK DIAMOND COAL MIKING CO. at it*
t-KE*>H ANO 3AL.I «IB«U GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
lAC HnVF^* fil Shipping Butchers. 104 Is the Bert Coal in the Market.
tIAJ- DVILJ & VV,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294. Office and Yards— Main Street.
BURGLARY AND ROBBERY.
The Police Investigating Three Cases
Brought to Their Attention
Yesterday.
Forl.ro Joseph, an old Frenchman, ob
tained a warrant in Judge Graham's court
yesterday for the arrest of Baptista Gou- {
dry on a charfff- of burglary. He alleges
! that Goudry. who is a friend, forced his
way int.. his room at 328 Third street, last
Tuesday, and stole J4u. On a previous oc
casion Goudry stole $10 from him. De
tective Fitzgerald was detailed on the
case.
' John Galin, who lives in Port Costa, was
: injured on Tuesday by a j.lunk falling on I
top of his head. He came to the city on
| Thursday to have his wounds attended !
to and took a room at 34 Howard street. !
Yesterday morning when he awoke he
found that fume one had entered his room !
and stolen $:-k) out of his pocket, leaving
! him 25 cents. He called at the Receiving i
Hospital yesterday and had his wounds
dressed by Dr. Weil. Then he reported !
his loss at police headquarters and De- j
tective Dinan was detailed to investigate, i
John G. Chase, a contractor living at l
2103 Larkin street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Treadwell's court yesterday for
the arrest of Charles M. Kottinger, a
contractor, on a charge of robbery. Chase '
Is building a house for Kot linger at j
Hunters and he alleges that on |
Thursday Kottinger knocked him down
and took his gold watch and chain from
him, remarking that they would help to
pay a part of the debt <"hase has due him.
Fiv« Days' Excursion.
Extensive preparations are being made
by the local Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation for the grand union excursion and
outing to tak. place to Hotel del Monte,
Monterey and Pacific Grove, next Thurs
day. June 15. The special train will .eavi
Third and Townsend streets .station at 7
o'clock Thursday morning:. Tickets for
the round trip will be 1860, pood for flve
days, Including June 19. There will be a
musical and literary entertainment at
Chautauqua Assembly Hal!, Pacific
Grove, Thursday evening, and a grand
demonstration on Bunker Hill day. Tick
ets are now on sale at the Association
building, Mason and Kills streets.
Severed His Windpipe.
David Grant, an oM man who until
three months ago was rmployed in the
Occidental Hotel, attempted to commit
suicide yesterday morning jn his room,
j T2O Fourth street, by cutting his throat
I with a pocket knife. >!>• slashed it from
i ear to far, severing the windpipe, but
1 missed the jugular. Grant was tak>'n to
i the Receiving Hospital, where I>r. Weil
| stitched and dressed tho wound. The old
! man has been sick and despondent.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 9.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— June 9-Stmr Queen, hence
June 5.
Sailed June Stmr City of Topeka, for Dyea:
schr J B Leeds, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June !>— Schr C T Hill,
from Grays Harbor; stmr Grace Dollar, from
; stmr George Loomls, hence June 8.
Saile.l June — Stmr George Loomis. for Pan
Francisco.
VETURA— June 9— Stmr Grace Dollar,
for San Francisco.
USALi— Sailed June 9— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— June 9— Stmr Se
quoia, hence June 8.
ROCKPORT— Arrived June 9— Stmr Scotia,
hence June S.
PORT TOWNSENI> Arrived outward June
I 9 — Br ship Olivebank, from Tacoma, for Dela
! g-oa Bay.
ASTORIA- Arrived June 9 Stmr State of
California, hence June 7.
Sailed June 9— Br ship Wallacetown, for
Callao.
SEATTLE Sailed June 9— Btmr Willamette,
for San Francisco; stmr Thetis, for Alaska;
BChc Carrier Dove, for St Michael.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 9— Stmr AugUßte
Victoria, from Hamburg, etc,
HAMBURG— Arrived June 9— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton.
BOSTON— Arrived June 9 — Stmr Canada, from
New York.
HAVRE— Sailed June 9— Stmr La Touraine,
for New York.
GENOA— June 9— Stmr Aller, from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived June 9 — Stmr
Italia, from Liverpool.
OCEAN TRA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^ Steamers leave Broadway
FjVn, wharf, San Francisco:
! pB?CTtL For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m,.
'' I PP^^h^ June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30: July 5.
' EwL ffiBfe\jS^» chancre at Seattle
' MBKySQ jftl or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
f»g&L^<i<Saal C), Port T"wna»nd. Seattle.
f^^^^l^Bn Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
and New Whatcom CvVash.).
10 a, m.. June 5, 10, IS, 20. 25.
', SO: July 6, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : st Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Ba-V 2 p. m., Jnns
3, 8. 13. 18, 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey. San Simeon.
I Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
! Oavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventnra. Huenem-,
: San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
; Newport, 9 a. m.. June 1. 6. 9. It. 17. 11. K. 29;
' July 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June 3. 7. 11. 15. 1«, 23. 27; July 1. and every
i fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pai. Santa Rosalia
, and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information "Main folder.
j • The company reserves the right to change
1 without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
arM hours of paling
TICKET OITIOB —4 New Montgomery
' street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agt«..
10 Market at.. San Franclaeiy
THF n. R, ft, N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *' ' First Class including Berth*
rMIIL ««! Second Cln^ and MeaN.
Columbia sails June 12. 22: July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 7. 17, 27; July
7. 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket! to all points Feast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
6.V Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
FEW rORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOinJOS. PAST\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
1 From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 7|St. Paul June 2S
St. LnuiP June 14 ' St. Louts July 5
New York June 21 New York July 12
RED STAR MNE.
*"»w Vo"V r"\* f ntW'T'v
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland June 7? Westpraland ...June 2S
FriPFland June 14 ' Kensington July 5
Southwark June 21 Noordland July 12
EMPIRe LINE.
fimttle. St. Ml;h»9l. Dawwi CSt».
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHAT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Hrannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA end HONGKONG, calling at
! Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
! connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
! India, ftc. No cargo received on board on day
I of sailing.
NIPPON MART Tuesday, June 27
(AMERICA MART Saturday, July 22
.HONGKONG .MART* Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
: freight and passage apply at company's office,
i 421 Market st, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
.
■<*E5}V iWPWRIimI S. P. Alameda sail?
via Honolulu and
HA 1 IS fi Auckland for Sydney
w'<3 K Si' tSIU . Wednesday, June 14,
fMMIMAIItfI s - 8. Alnmoda sails
r!&cUPIiL virl Honolulu and
trallHll Auckland fur Sydney
\4 Wednesday, June 14,
My^S? §J|l3m<:|l|nJ The S. B. Australia
G)1C(1IIIJIIIU galls for Honolulu
Xs>g&sr (n\ft?)WlA^ Friday, June 30, at 2
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez,
, England, etc.; $610 first class.
J D. SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Onice. 327 Market St.
COMPAGME GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m. ClslOr\
from Pier 42, North River, foot of — • '-LM'UI! I - 1
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, June 17: LA
TOURAINE, June 24; LA GASCOGNE, July 1;
LA NORM AN I HE. July 8; LA CHAMPAGNE.
'■■ July 15. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
j 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-claga
i to Havre. $4".: 10 per cent reduction on routgf
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITQ
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Gre^t
New York. J. F. FUGA7.I & CO.. Pacific Co^l
! Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco. •
* HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURQ.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW LONDON— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LIKE, 87 Broadway, New Yort
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coajft,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Salome, and
118 Montgomery at.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
; Will leave Washington street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave —Washington street wharf, at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
" CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOL
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
' a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. Landing and office, Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FAR 3 50c
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ml Jlffl 625 KGAKXY NT- Established
■pVP"~'iaA In 1894 for the treatment of Private
■B ikJ» Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HBSfIB disease wearing oubodyand mind and
skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheti
2^HH| others fail. Try him. Charges low.
B Careßtruarmnterd. Callorwrita.
I 3»r. J. I. «>IBBO.V, Box 1957, 5 an Frmncbca
1112
CHINESE LAD SEARED
WITH REDHOT IRON
Horrible Crime Charged AgaiQSt
Two Residents of San
Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, June 9.— l^ee Wing, a Chinese laundrynian. appeared be
fore Justice Rodden to-night and swore to a complaint charging William
Schneider with what. In the lanfruag>- of the Justice, "forms one of the most
inhuman acts of cruelty ever drawn to my attention."
to the story told by J^ee. his 13-year-old son, L.cc Chew. w;is on
his w • Chinese night school, taught by the Misses Etta u:id Ivy
Shaver, when he was caught by Schneider and a man whose identity is un
known. He w.is drawn Into Kelson's blacksmith-shop, at the corner <>f
Third and C streets. While the unknown man held the little fellow Si
d«w is re heated a pair ot tlw t'.r.gs in a forge until they were r (> d
; the buy's face and hands In a frightful manner. Th< child
• head first Into a tub of hoi water.
The little fellow's screams attracted the attention of some women pass
ing by. As they rushed into th» shop the boy's tormentors released him and
he raji home, moaning •with anguish.
Constable George Agnew was sent for and went with the boy's father to
hav< .i warrant sworn out for Schneider's arrest. Schneider belongs to a
last mar. who would be suspected of such a deed.
The ■■ of the affali assert that little lice's assailants were both in
toxic..
DIER LIKELY
TO COLLAPSE
Alleged Slayer of Lor
raine May Confess.
RAPIDLY LOSING HIS NERVE
STILL NO TRACE OF THE MISS
ING WOODCHOPPER.
«■ —
Search tor the Body Continues With
out Result— Sheriff Taylor Well
Pleased With the Accumula
tion of Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, June 9.— The search
for evidence .against suspect James
Pier and the hunt for the body of old
Pete Lorraine, the missing ■■•■ oodchop
per of Marin County's black hole, was
continued to-day by Sheriff Taylor,
Detective Ed Gibson and a score of
•uoodchoppers, who are anxious to earn
the ?50 reward offered by District At
torney Mclsaacs. Meanwhile Dier, who
has been under arrest since Monday
last, is gradually approaching a stage
of nervous collapse, and if he had a
hand in the alleged murder of French
!'• t.- he authorities feel confident that
he will confess before many more days
shall have passed.
Sheriff Taylor and Detective Gibson
left here for Carson Canyon early this
morning and remained there until late
this afternoon. They examined the
missing man's cabin thoroughly in the
hope of unearthing more evidence
against Dier. No additional clews were
brought to light and after searching
In vain the neighboring gullies for sev
eral hours they returned here and had
another lengthy Interview with Dier.
Detective Gibson left for San Fran
cisco this evening to hold a consulta
tion with Chief Lees.
Sheriff Taylor is quite elated over the
strong chain of circumstantial evidence
which has been forged about the pris
oner, and he stated to-night that in
the event of Lorraine's body being
found he believes that he has evidence
enough to send I »ler to the gallows.
The Sheriff has made arrangements to
Fend at least sixty men into Carson
Canyon Sunday to search for the miss-
Ing o idehopper's body.
"1 am absolutely certain that Lor
raine has been murdered." said Sheriff
Taylor to-night. "Everything indicates
niurder and all we want to do now is
to find his body. T am satisfied that it
Is not far from his cabin, for his mur
derer would find it a difficult job to
carry the body far in that rough coun
• ». v " '
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
Postoffice Changes. Army Orders and
Issuance of Pensions.
WASHINGTON, June 9. The postofflce
at 1 >y< a., Alaska ■ i Mom
a third class to a f< office. Tli-
P • :': ■ De lartment has renewed its
leas.> on the premises now occupied t
Stockton :■■ ■ ■ toffict . .
Is from August Vi at $1800 jx-r aji
nutn.
!-:>■ direction of the Secretary of Wai
the following - Manila will be
i and transportation furnished
to Sa' : Privat is Harry Arters
and : Parker, First Pennsylvania.
( ke, l 'ompany < ', First
Nebraska; Musician Oliver .1. Lansing,
Vi.-.-' try; Private Samuel
npany I, Fourteenth LTnited
,'tiy.
Pensions for Californians — Oripina!:
John Abbott S< Hers' Home, Los An
sll'. Increase: John Davis
Francisco, P> to $s. Reissue: John Pals
tine, Lowei Lake $17 Original widows
etc.: France., j. Farmer, Modesto, $8;
Catheri
Oregon Original widows, etc.: Jennif
H. ■'■ and, $8; minors of Jaspei
Williams, Bakfr City, $14.
Will Not Employ Japanese.
WOODLAND, June 9.— The work of
picking the apricot crop will commence
In BCveral orchards next .Monday. The
manager of the Woodland Orchard Com
pany ha." been making an effort to ar
range for the harvesting of the crop with
out the employment of Japanese, and
thinks he will be successful.
DEWEY STATUE FUND
IS STEADILY GROWING
TOTAL AMOUNT REPORTED &30,1Q4
THOUSAJS'D DOLLARS has been added to the
fund for the erection of v. monument In Golden Gate
Park to the American navy In commemoration of A-l
\i mlrai Dewey's victory at Manila Bay since last Fri
day, and of this amount practically nil ha.s been
through voluntary subscriptions sent Into the general com
initt.-.
The committee held its r<-gul:».r weekly meeting- In Mayor
Phelan's private office yesterday afternoon, and it was c.\
j.<r:«-il t':;at the fund would be Increased by several thousand
•s more, but tho various sub-committeee begged for just
one week more In which to file their reports, and their request
was granted. Home of the membera were out of town and
unable to gel their reports In, ;md others had some fat sub
tions in :i^'iu which they wanted to add to those they
Iready secured before letting ihe others know what they
for the cause. All the members sent word that they
fully as successful as they had hoped, and would
ins i" report in a week. In view of these representa
tions it was decided to grant the sub-committees the time
bsked for. but they must make their report next Friday with
out, fail.
At that time the name of every subscriber to the fund will
bo made public and the list will be lorffc, for of the $30,194 al
subscrlbed prax-tlcolly all has been voluntary, and these
ribers, together with those secured by the sub-commit
..'l not yet turned In, as well a« the great numbers that
are certain to pour in to th« committee In the next seven days,
will make a splendid showing for three weeks' work.
WORK PERFORMED
BY THE ADVENTISTS
Stockton Conference
Drawing- to a Close.
DISTRIBUTION OF LABORERS
— « —
\ SUBORDINATE OFFICERS AND
COMMITTEES NAMED.
Places Selected for the Holding of
Five Local Camp Meetings Dur
the Summer Summary of
Year's Results.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 9.— The conference of
the Adventlsts is drawing to a close, but
] Interest continued unabated. At to-day's
j session the committee on credentials and
licenses presented the following additional
recommendations, which were adopted:
That M. C. Wilcox receive credentials;
that L. A. Phippeny and G. Rauleder re
ceive ministerial licenses, and that Mrs.
L. A. Parsons receive a missionary
license.
A summary of the year's work of the
Home of the Friendless, an institution or
j ganized for the purpose of locating orphan
j and half-orphan cildren In Christian
homes, situated at Fruitvale, Cal., was
presented, showing that children have
been placed in families under homelike
influence at the following places: Ala
; medal Chico, Downey, Haywards, Healds"
; burg. Monterey; Mount Eden, Napa,
I Trenton, Si Helena, Suisu:i, Santa Bar
| bara. Oakland, Watsonville and Winslow"
Five local camp meetings will be held
. this year at the following places: At Ar
; eat a from July 13 to the 30th; at Santa
; Ana from August 10 to the 27th; .it Santa
j Barbara early In the month of Septem
! ber; at Visalla or Madera from October
; 19 to November 5; at Santa Rosa, begiu
j ning October 5.
j The following partial distribution of la
borers was also announced: Elder George
A. Snj dei to labor in San Jose, associates
| Elder B. F. Richards, A. J. Morton and
Cora Gautereau; Elder C. N. Marl to
I remain In Stockton, associates Klder G.
! K. Owen T. M. Watson. Milton St. John,
> Lottie Fish. Charles N. Miller and li. I.
: Llngle; Elder L. P. Jacobson and A. Bror
i son to carry on Scandinavian work In
: Humboldt County; Elders G. W. Rine and
, \V. M. Healey to labor in Los Angeles and
r vicinity, associates, Mrs. L. a. Parsons
i Minnie Pond and Edna Shaeffer; Elder J.
! YV. Bagby to labor in Oakland assisted
; by Mrs. M. T. Poston, Pauline Fife and
! Mrs. Julia A. Wheeler; Eldei J. O. Cor
:■ liss to labor in San Francisco and to have
; general supervision of work there asso
: dates, <;. Rauleder, C. B. Secord. Laura
; Morrison, Mrs. M. E. Hoyt, Clara Lake
i and Mrs. M. A. Clemen! B. Douglas
and A. G. Wilbur to labor in El Dorado
County, the latter to connect with work
in Sacramento; Elder H. A. St. John.
Crystal Springs; Mrs. K. Swift Sausa
llto; Elder C. M. Gardner, Alameda, as
sociates, M. L. Guerne and Mrs Mary
Morley; Elder A. J. Osborne and wife and
■ W. .L. Sims for Butte County; Elder H.
; H. Dexter, Monterey, assisted by R. "\V
i Miller; Elder J. S. Harmon and A; S. Kel
! logg to have general oversight of the Ne
vada mission field; Elder H. F. Courter
Humboldt County, assisted by A. M. Dart
and Stephen Hare, and temporarily by
I Elder F. M. Burs and F. R. Scha'effe'r
j and wife; Elder T. M. Thorn, Fresno and
vicinity; Elder H. G. Thurston, San Di
ego; F. R. Schaeffer and wile, Del None
County; Elder N. C. McClure and Eldei
S. Thurston to labor in Santa Barbara
and Ventura counties: Elder R. S. Owen
v. ho is associated with the college work
of the denomination, will devote consid
: erable time to laboring among the differ
ent churches; Nils Larsen will look after
ship missionary work In San Francisco in
connection with colporteur work.
The executive committee of the confer
ence has chosen the following officers of
the California Tract Society for the ensu
ing year: W. T. Knox. president; C. A
Pedleord, State agent; J. J. Ireland sec
retary and treasurer, and Evelyn M. Ri
ley, corresponding secretary.
The following were selected as a board
of managers of the Orphans' Home: W.
T. Knox. J. W. Bagby. C. H. Jones Mrs
c. H. Jones, E. E. Parlin, J. J. Ireland
and Mrs. Mary Moore.
The following preamble and resolution
was adopted:
Whereas, Extensive press notices of the pro
ceedings of our conference have been given In
the columns of several of the newspapers •>:
Stockton and elsewhere, therefore be it
lived, That we express our appreciation
by a. vote of thanks to the editors and publish
; ers of those papers, and especially to the Stock
! ton Mail, Stockton Independent ami The Ban
j Francisco Call.
The interior of the Stnte Is just beginning to be heard
from, but from now on money will come from all sections
without cessation until the ••mire $100,000 called for is sub
scribed. President Flu-lan and Secretary Fletcher have within
the past two days seni out communications to the Mayors of.
the most Important cities In the State sotting forth the objects
of the movement and asking them to assist It In every way in
their power. It Is expected they will call meetings In their
respective cities, appoint committees to collect funds and co
<'l>'r;ite with the general committee of this city. In this way
the work will be greatly expedited.
The souvenir certificates will not be ready for distribution
for a week or two yet. They are so elaborate in design that
it is slow work for the artists to execute the three vignettes
and the fancy border, but w"hen completed they will be worthy
of the cost and labor expended on them.
The site is still under consideration by the sub-committee
having charge of that portion of the work, and the members
are nearly distracted by the great mass of communications
they receive each day offering suggestions on the subject.
The committee on design is also having its Bhare of trouble
of this nature, but is proceeding steadily collecting drawings
of all the notable monuments In the world, estimate* of the
cost of various materials, etc., and, In fact, completing all the
preliminaries, so that at the proper time the members can go
ahead without the loss of a day.
Next Friday's meeting will be the most eventful since the
committee was organized, for besides the big Jump the sub
scription list will take then there will be other important mat
ters under consideration.
THE SAN FKAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JUKE 10, 1899.
SUGAR BOATS
MAKE QUICK RUNS
TO HONOLULU
Lurline Defeats the
Wrestler.
THE SANTIAGO'S FAST TIME
BARK ST. KATHERINE BOUGHT
FOR SUGAR TRADE.
Arrival of the Mail Steamer Doric.
Small Fire on the Transport
Sheridan — Water Front
Notes.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's steamer Doric arrived from
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu
yesterday. The run from the latter port
was ma.le in the gomi l;nif of b days 8
hours -tCi minutes, while the whole run oc
cupled 29 il.iys l" hours and 45 minutes.
i 'oric brought up 77 cabin and 20 sec
ond cabin passengers, besides 448 Chinese,
4 Km' .ims and 43 Japanese.
The 1 >'>ri< was detained several hours in
tii-' stream transferring her Asiatic
passengers to the quarantine station. Con
s' gui titly It was late in the afternoon be
fore she reached her berth at the Mail
dock.
The Doric brought the news that the
rare between the barkentlne Wrestler and
brig Lurline to Kahulul had been won by
the latter by two days. There is only
wharf accommodation at Kahulul for four
or tiv.- ships, and In consequence the first
: there gets the vacant berth. In
11 nsequence, when the Lurline and Wrest
ler were both scheduled to sail on May 17
there was a great deal of Interest at
tached to the run to the islands. The
captain of the barkentlne was not taking
ai i tiances, however, so he hurried mat
ters up, got i.is crew on hoard and sailed
earlj on May 16. He did not reach Ka
hului until .May 30.
When Captain McLeod of the Lurline
heard that his rival had secured a day's
start, of him he vowed thai he would beat
him down if he had to carry away can
vas in doing so. Ihe Lurline left h< ■
May 17 and reached Kahulul on May 29,
thus making the run in twelve days, while
the Wrestler took fourteen days. The
bark Santiago, however, gave them both
cards^and spades and then beat them into
port. Sh< made the run from here I i Hllo
in the record time for the season vi nine
days.
Captain H. A. Friis of the bark Martha
Davis is making bis last voyage in that
vessel. Welch & Co. have purchased the
almost new baric St. Katherine In the
East, and as soon as Captain Frils returns
from Honolulu in- will go Easi and bring
the St. Katherine out here. All the cap
tains In Welch & Co.'s employ were strir
• the i • \<. \«'nx. but the plum fell to
Captain Friis. He is one of the most i << ■ i>
ular masters in the sugar trade and was
I In the business. He was for years
le Spreckela employ. lit began be
the mast mi the barkentine W. H.
Dimond and worked his way up to tirst
Then he was mad«
irig < Jonsuelo and later was
appointed to the bark Martha Davis. Cap-
Albert McAllman, now chief officer
of the ship !•' >ri George, will succeed Cap-
Martha I'avis.
S; Katherine is now on her way
from Hllo for New York. She is 1153 tons
net burden, 202 feet 8 inches long, 39
road and 19 feet i inch deep. She
was built in iv" and was the las: sealling
vessel that came from the ~',' ; >ks n
& Chapman, New Fork. The St. Kath
;• ral cargo from New
Y"i'k here and will then «o Into the sugar
tradi .
There was a small (ire on the transport
E ■ dan yesterday, which luckily was put
out without any damage. Some oakum in
irehold caught lire by some means
or other and created a dense smoke. An
alarm was turned In from East and Fol
som streets, and the tugbcat Governor
Markham and the chemical engine from
and New Montgomery streets
wer< soon on t!:»- scene. It took the chem
ical engine only a few minutes t" subdue
the flames and the danger was over.
Captain ( '. K. Olsen went out as master
of t :.■ Mary I lodge on her voj -
;it, r r r.i Kahului. Captain Hansen, who
formerly commanded 1 1 1«- Mary Dodge, i-<
t «•> have a larger vessel In the same em
ploy.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha sailed f'>r Alaskan ports
yesterday afternoon. She carried over ;i
■••(i puid hunters for r 1 1 < ■ i'ukon and
< '.i)h Nome, and Folsom Btreet wharf whs
crowded with rti.-ir friends and relatives
prior i<> the sailing of the Bteamer. Pro
s Setchell and ;i party from the
I'niversity ( >t' California will v," an far us
[Tnalaska on x1 1 * - steamer, and from there
will branch out on an exploring expedi
majority of the other passen
gers an bound for Golovin B;iy and <';m"'
Nome, only ;< few going to try their luck
at the Klondike.
The Pacific Mail < ompany p steamer
i f"r the Orient yesterday with
ev< ry ounce of cargo she could carry and
* large number of cabin passengers. Sh< ]
also to<.u away 150 Chinese in the steer
age.
SACRED HEART FEAST
Fatner Carrol Lectures on the Theme
at at. Francis Church.
The Feast of the .Sacred Heart was
observed at St. Francis Church yesterday.
In the morning a large number of the
League of the Sacred Heart received com
munion. In the evening Father Carrol
delivered a sermon on the. "Pleadings of
the Sacred Heart." lie said in part:
"it is wrong to imagine that devotion
to the Sacred Heart in every form and
kind is of recent origin. it has been the
center of attraction of the saints of every
age and country It was this that caused
St. John to recline upon the bosom of his
Master at the last supper. It was only
in the seventeenth century that the de
votion became explicit and public. Its
propagator was a nun of the Visitation
order, Margaret Mary Arlacoque. and teh
convent at Which she resided is at Paray
le-Monlal. France. In September 1894, . I
visited this place and celebrated mass
there."
Mayor of Salinas.
On March 14 of last year there wag an
election In Salinas city at which a candi-
date named Frances was a candidate for
Mayor, as was also W. J. Hill. The proc
lamation for election directed that the
polls be kept open from sunrise to sunset.
In Salinas there are three wards. In two
the State law was followed and the polls
were closed at 5 p. m. Counting the votes
from all the wards Hill would have a
majority of 24, and he was declared elect
ed tjy the City Council. By rejecting the
votes cast in Wards 1 # and 2 as Illegal,
Francee would have been elected by 22,
and this was the conclusion reached by
the trial court. iu>°n which Hill appealed.
The Supreme Court affirmed the judg
ment of the lower court.
FUN FOR MERCHANTS.
Wholesalers to Own El Campo To-Day
and Use It With Their Friends.
El Campo will be In charge of the mer
chants of the city and their friends to
day. The twelfth annual picnic is to be
held there, and even more elaborate prep
arations than usual are being mad© for
the affair.
Odd games, fine music, rowing race?,
a candy distribution for the babies and
the distribution of over 200 k;< t <=■ prizes
promlHe fun for everybody. The com
mittees have been working like beavers
and have accomplished wonders. The
prizes are varied and valuable, and will
make every number on the list of games
notable. «
The rlrst boat leaves the Tiburon ferry
a< 9:30 o'clock. Since some of the stores
cannot close until noontime., a second
boat has been arranged to run in the af
ternoon. As the round-trip tickets only
cost fit) cents a big crowd is expected and
a correspondingly large sum for the Chil
dren's Hospital.
HANDSOME CHAPEL FOR
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
FACADE TO BE IN LINE WITH
THE QUADRANGLE.
Plans Already Prepared and Work
Will Beg-In at Once— A Beauti
ful Ornament to the
Grounds.
Plans for a magnificent chapel that will
grace the grounds of the Stanford Unl
| verslty have been prepared by Clinton
Pay. arid in the near future work on the
foundation will be begun. The chape] will
intersect the outer walls of the eastern
side of the quadrangle, th^ steps and
first elevation occupying the space now
used by the grand central archway which
' divides the Quadrangle in two equal parts.
The style of the chapel, which Is to be
a structure, of broad measurements. Is a
! mixture of Renaissance and a modifica
tion of the Romanesque. The ground floor
will liuve a large open and circular nave
i in the center, with an apse on either side
: running beneath a semicircular gallery.
On either Bide of the apse; both In the
front and rear, will be ante-rooms.
A tower will spring from the right cen
■ trul portion of the building to the right
of the lofty dome. The material to be
used will he red sandstone, Identical in
nature with that of the quadrangle. The
estimated cost of the new chapel is $50.(HX).
In beauty of conception It will equal any
of th( historic chapels of America. Its
'location in the midsi of the recitation
rooms and oi easy access from all pans
of the grounds makes H a great conveni
to thi- students.
WINEMAKERS IN SESSION.
Generally Unanimous for Continua- \
tion of the Corporation.
Members of the Winemakers 1 Associa
tion from the different districts and the
directors of the corporation m~t yesterday
afternoon in the Mills building io consider
the question of continuing that organiza
tion. K. < '. Terry of Contra Costa Countj
presided und more than thirty members
were present.
district plan suggested at the laet
meeting was discussed at length, several
being in favor and more against. As a
result of the argument resolutions were
presented favoring the continuation of the
corporation on the lines upon which it has!
been operated for in* past live years. It
w.i^ finally decided :o appoint a commit
te< of five to whom the resolutions could
h»» referred. This committee was named
hs follows: Barnhorst of Napa, Feusler I
of Sonoma. Pierce and Terry of Contra
Costa and Putnam of Alameda. The
committee will report at a meeting to be
held next Friday at 10 a. m. at the Mills
building.
It was stated after ihe meeting thai
there was a general unanimity of feeling
in favor of the continuation of the cor
poration.
Must Pay Kilpatrick.
The Board of Education appeared h<»
fore Judge Hunt yesterday morning to
show cause why the members should imi
be punished for contempt of court tor
refusing to pay the salary nf K. C. Kil
patrick for the last year in obedience to
the order ■>! court. Judge Hunt said that
h<- was not disposed to punish the mi-m
--berß of the board for their disobedience
and advised th>m to consult the City and
County Attorney. Next Friday they will
again appear before .jihlk-' Hunt and if
Kilpatrlck's salary is noi paid trouble
may follow.
For Her Husband's Death.
Augusta < '. Efroid'flled suit yesterday
;it;;iinsi the San Francisco <l;is and Elec
tric Company to recover {50,000 damages
for the death of'her husband, who was
killed while working for the defendant
corporation <>n April l'l'. 1898. Mrs. Froid
alleges that her husband's death was dm
tn the negligence of the company and
hence sues for damages.
Inventor Hoe's great story, "How I
Built the First Printing Press,'' in
next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
T S Hltiti.'is. Sacto Miss Spelman, N V
A M Whlpple, Chgo Miss Baird N V
C C Carpenter, 1- Ang Rev W s Richardson.
G Kinllngbury, l.'tali New fork
F X Wilson, I, Ang Dr il !•' Blggar, Ohio
Mrs Wilson, T. Ang \i }■: Jack Cal
■i- Haber. Seattle IW II Stowell, st Paul
; Mrs Haber, S^m'llh Mrf Stowell, St Paul
r ■; Lannlng, s-attle \v a Stowell st Paul
a Eckstein, X V |Mrs .T s Averlll. Minn
Mi- Eckstein, N V sir .1 j-'^y. England
R Q Sev.-rson. Vt IE Wlnship, CJ S N
Mrs Severson, Vt C s Shanklin, Chjfo
.Mis In- F il I'urlow, il Bergstein. Reno
Boston Mrs B W Frazer. Yo-
I Well. X V k..liama
E C Klobke, I, Ang Mrs James, N V
Mrs Klobke, I. Ang in- l; x Keely, Pa
' F M Klmball, Boston Mrs Tt X Keely, Pa
C Wier, I- Ang S Penrose, C >!<•
T Ellis. Vrrmnnt I II Class. 1,,,nd0n
H Flanders, Vermont F W Bramber. l^.ndon
i R B Flthlan, s Barbra A List, London
i Miss E Reel. DC Major l» Creagh, Euu
S H McComico. La ICapt P II Twtss, Eng
J H Peaks, s ("m/. Miss S E Ames, M,i-<
G E Mulvaney, Sacto Miss M Qllmore, Mass
M Cbeny, st Louis Mrs H N Cook, <"<U
I A X Fitzgerald, X V Q<i Peters. Boston
F II Brown, London s W HatcH. Boston
j.7 I) Rockefeller, X V .Mrs M U Andrews.
Mrs Rockefeller. N V Plymouth
i Miss Rockefeller, X V W a Fmst, Chgo
J D Rockefeller Jr. Mrs Frost Chgo
I New York Mr &. Mrs Wilks. S Afr
Mrs "W Rockefeller, P Kly. Mnkelumne
New York \\\ Finite. Guatemala
Mips E Rockefeller. HI T Heller, 'IVxiib
New York Mr-; II T Heller. Texas
Mrs Bainl. Phi:
GRAND HOTEL.
W L Cordon, Wash R !•: M.Kenna, Cal
D McCartney, <'a.l H I'awfuti. Cal
R Shipley, '";il AY D Madden. Cal
F O Burekhardt. Port- G R Webb, York
land ,r Blankfeld, N V
H D Kelham. Portlnd R I. Bubbard, >fich
II P Benjamin. Cal Mrs If^ney & lam,
N M Qarrett, Frankft SaJt RTke
w A Freeman, cat a Stallmaotc, N T
| Miss R Freeman, Cal .1 L de Paull, Kern
E Freeman, Cal A I> Harlan, Cal
}I H Ililzman & w, \V D Harlan & \v, Cal
Portland .Miss Harlan, Cal
A F Fruhlinr. S Jose W A Jones, Cal
T J Brady. S Cruz D H 7. Van Koppen,
A Weilhelmer. Cal i M D, Chicago
J Kallnian, Benicia E C King. N V
R E Kent. Sacto C R Baxter, Cal
J Reuss, Idaho .1 \V Bowen, Los Ang
J C Murchcr. Manila Dr E E Endioott, Cal
II B Madison, Cal H W Spnldine, Pal
•T B Southard. <\il E E Stoddard. Cal
C P Bowie. S Diego C W Him hillffp, I, A
! Miss Bowie, S Diego G H Bodden, Vlsalia
Mrs E Nlcholls, Nupa H B Sharp. Coltisa
A >' Bakor, NY N S Tsangham, Sarto
E Gibbs, Mattoon O M Thumler, Chgo
C C Pape, Portland J E Clark, Knusalito
J F Schlingnian, Cal |A F "Watorman & fam,
J P Jordan. Vlsalla , Belmont
M M Lavelle, Cal ■ I Lashmutt. Spokane
D G Overall. Vlsalla A Griffin. Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Couplem & w. 11l E D Olsen, Vallejo
C Berg & w, Bakersfid C F A Johnson, Cal
G S Holmes, EmeryvilH Hall, Jamestown
O W McKay, Cal Mrs G Harvey, Utah
E D Teague. Saoto J Murtha, Cape Nome
S Fa.y. Llvermore H Williams, Sn Diego
J Wright, Stockton Mrs A Henry. < 'al
J D Carr, N M J B Wood 3. Manila
C A Singer, R I i
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. A. Hihn. the Santa Cruz capitalist,
is a guest at the Lick.
Senator H. V. Morehouse came up from
San Jose last evening.
R. E. Jack, the San Luis Obispo capi
talist, is stopping at the Lick.
Dr. E. E. Endicott of Jackson, Amador
County, is registered at the Grand.
W. W. Mtddlecoff, a prominent attor
ney of Stockton, is spending a few days
at the Lick.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, Is registered
at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson re
turned last evening to his home in Ga
zelle, Slskiyou County.
R. B. Purvis, Sheriff of Stanislaus
County, arrived yesterday from Modesto
and is registered at the Lick.
Dr. W. H. Curtiss and wife of Peking.
j China, are guests at the Occidental. They
; arrived yesterday on the Doric.
j A. MacGilvray, a wealthy planter of
Ceylon, arrived on the Doric yesterday
and is a guest at the Occidental.
Antonio Barrios, a son of the former
President of Guatemala, arrived last
evening and is registered at the Occlden-
S tal.
N. Watanabe, chamberlain to the Em
peror of Japan, was among the arrivals
on the Doric yesterday, lie is stopping
at the Occidental.
Henry Miller, the actor, and his troop
arrived yesterday from the East. The
company will open in "The Liars" at the
Columbia on Monday next.
Walter B. Cooke, who has been the so
ciety editor of the Argonaut during the
past sixteen years, left for St. Michael,
Alaska, on Thursday, June 8, to enter the
employ of the Alaska Commercial Com
pany. He will be away several years.
Among those who registered at the
; Grand yesterday was James A. Robertson.
i the well-known and wealthy Hanford
; banker. Mr. Robertson says that Han
-1 ford has not had in years such abundant
promise of profitable crops and that money
; is becoming easier and much more plenti
. ful among the farmers of the southern
: end of the San Joaquin.
Miss Helen Younger, daughter of
I Charles B. Younger, a prominent and
• wealthy attorney of Santa Cruz, arrived
in this city yesterday and will leave in a
day or so for New York, en route to Eu
rope, where she expects to spend next
j year in study. Miss Younger is a gradu
j ate of Stanford University. She is accom
■ pany to this city by her brother, Charles
i B. Younger Jr., who is associated with
i his father in Santa Cruz.
A party of distinguished Englishmen ar
rived ;if the Palace yesterday from China.,
! where- they have been engaged in railroad
building for the British Government.
: They were Major Brazier-Creagh, Cap
: tain T. H. TwiSS and J. H. Glass, royal
j engineers, and are now on their way back
Jto England. They have had charge of
| the surveys which the Government has
been making for its line Into Hang Kow
| and are returning home to report.
Portland's Business.
PORTItAND, dr. June S.— Exchange*. J232,
--r>3H; balances. J35.712.
VCIRTHEHX WIIKAT
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 9.— Wheat— Walla
; 'Walla, 58c; valley, r.>- : blue stem, 60<&61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 9 There was no Improve
ment In prices of wheat to-day. Receipts are
, limited. Farmers are still showing a disposi-
I tion to hold for better figures. Club, tSc; blue
stem, 61c.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th<> Pan Francisco
Call, corner "f Market an'! Third streets, open
unt'.l IL' o'clock every night in the y.-ar.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner t'lay; Open until 9:30 o'clock.
is 7 Hays street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6';9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61.". J.arkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
;:>il Missldn street; open until 10 o'clock.
236] Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until o'clock.
106 Kleventh street: open until 3 o clock.
'::.;>i Mission rtreet; npen until h o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky >-t reels, open until S o cl<nk.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING, June 10, at 7:30 o'clock. lC JK
First, degree By order of the Master, f^r '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Ix>dge No. 2. ggNWIUz,
i. it. O. V.— Regular meeting
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. ?=StBJKS?'
First degree. -^///»\n
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
ST ANDREW'S Society- Members v«y *,
are requested to attend the funeral 3\ \A\fiJ
of our late charter member, JAMES lkX£*
SCOULER, on SUNDAY, June 11.
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 830
Vallejo st.
JAS. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. K. PATTERSON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1S98:
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco. S; Gertrude Barns, 11; Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian H organ, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg, 7; Kath. Sullivan, 0; Mary Oliver,
10.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL £520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Susar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
. Market St., on and after Saturday, June 10.
1899. Transfer books will close on Saturday,
June 3, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. F.1.00N. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT O *'*•■ iCES.
ORPHEUM Employment < 'Hire— Japanese. Chi-
i nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1.121.
CHINESE and Japanese help; 'established 20
years; tel, Main 19!)7. Bradley & Co., 640 Ciay.
SITUATIONS ANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist In housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG English woman wishes place in the
country; good cook; $15 to $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Slitter St.
RELIABLE woman wants a situation; city
Or short distance In the country; good cook;
kind to children: moderate wages. Call 10
Stockton place, oft' Grant aye., bet. Post and
Sutter sts.
COMPETENT, willing woman; Is good cook
and laundress; will do housework; good bread-
maker; nice to children. Please call at 79
Jessie st.
NEAT young girl who has reference wishes
nice place; will do general housework; good
plain cook. Call 1007 Natoma st., near
Eleventh and Mission.
GERMAN girl wants place In German family;
general housework, cooking, $20 per month.
Call 4MB Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl wishes situation;
best references. Call or address 1310 Page st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as chamber-
maid. Call at 109 Fifth st., room 1.
i GERMAN woman would like plain sewing and
mending to do at home. 821 Mission St., r. 1.
YOUNG Irish lady. Just arrived, of refinement
and education, wishes position as lady's maid
or companion; unexceptional references; Ger-
man; music. Box 1606, Call.
SWEDISH girl, flrs>class seamstress, wishes
situation at chamber work. 238 Kissling st.,
between Howard and Folsom.
LADY wishes a position as working house-
keeper; i ity or country. Call 126 Fourth st.,
room 18.
ELDERLY woman to take care of lady In con-
finement and care of children. 2902 16th st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
light house, chamber or general work In Oak-
land: American family preferred; wages mod-
erate; pood home the object. Address 213 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance In the
country. Call f>5lH Howard st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth st., room 12, first floor.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
6 and re , preferred. Address il.
1 m k Golden Eagle Hotel.
WINCHESTER House 44 ™rd sU near Mar-
w^^n^ren^^ble; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry ■
. SITUA-nOWS WAHTBD— MALB.
CO.' 316 Sutter st. .
«[itt_____iJ?^
"54*22 aa!Bsr.i=» $i°stß
will take any kind of work offered, city or
country. Box 1C46, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, who t^° ro "|^ 1 t^ bl U e ""
demands flowers, hothouse and %^ ta °' ,1
desires a situation; references._Box JSOl^Call.
YOUNG strong man, age 23. wants position at
anything: excellent references. Address Dox
1652, Call office. ■
KIRST-CLASS Japanese landscape gardener
Just arrived from Japan . wants work <ln>
or contract. Address D. B. HOUSE. b34 Post.
SITUATION, city or country, by middle-aged
man; take care private place; can milk :; nand>
with tools; reference. Address box 6S». lair.
GOOD reliable barman and hotel man; speaks
English and German; best of references,
country preferred. Box 1654, Call office.
STUDENT (20 years old) desires employment
in an offtoe or wholesale house. Box 1641. Call.
YOUNG man. respectable and of sober and
Industrious habits, wishes position as watch-
man, night porter or Janitor; disengaged
about 20th June; 12 months present plaw;
I first-class references. Box 1620. Call.
STEADY reliable man. 50 (American); strong
and able; work of most any kind; used to
horses, city, driving light wagon, generally
useful in many ways; small remuneration;
references, etc. Address box 1604. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as driver for do-
livery, bakery or laundry wagon; thoroughly
acquainted with the city: can furnish bonds j
if desired. Adfiress 621 California st.
SITUATION as engineer; is a first-class ma- j
chinist; understands dynamos; strictly sober j
and reliable: can furnish best of reference.
Box 1618. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (German) Wishes
office work or clerking afternoons or even-
ings. Box 1617, Call office.
I SOBER, steady middle-aged man wants work
by the month; orchard or vineyard; consider-
| able experience. Address box 1637, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Frenoh, Italian and American
cook; special in short orders: can make
genuine ravioli; wants position in restaurant.
211% Polk st.
JAPANESE, good honest cook, wants position
in City or country- Address KAYA, room 23,
409 Stevenson st.
WANTED— By student, situation as salesman
for Saturdays. Apply G. A., 742 O'Farrell »t.
JAPANESE waiter and cook, good experience,
wants to work for a camping party. Address
box 559. Call.
FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and horpe-
shoer; 21 years' 'experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 126. Call office, Oakland.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
HEAD cook for Institution, $40 per month;
l must be first-class cook; with good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN second girls, $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE for a child 15 months old, $25 ppr
ni.nth; nurse. $10 per month, sleep home,
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week; wait-
ress Santa Rosa, hotel. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER, country, $12 per month; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 HOUSEWORK girls for Alameda, $25 per
month each; must understand German cook-
Ing. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter s^
' WANTED— German cook, $30; cook, city, $25
German second girl. San Rafael, 525. Swed-
• lsh second girl, $20; Swedish cook, two in
family, $25; laundress, private family. $30
lroners, $io week and $35 month, city and
country; girl for housework In San Rafaei,
waitresses, country hoteL $20; waitress
> for the springs, $20; nlso sajne res-
i waitresses for the springs, $20; also city res-
taurant. |5 week, two waitresses, same
place. $2fi; also a number of girls for house-
work, city and country, $20 and $?S. J. F.
CROBETT <'"■. 316 Sutter.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 155."
Ten waitresses, different country hotels and
resorts. $20: two waitresses, first-class hotel,
near city. $2.; four waitresses, flrst-cla^s
CitJ hotels, $20; three chambermaids, to
wall $-'-'. won. an cook. $30.
. . FAMILY ORDERS
A number of girls for cooking and ;•',.-
-eral housework, city and country places, >'■
: to *r C R HANSEN & CO., 104 Oe*ry.
WANTED— Experienced girls to sew shirts; a
few inexperienced taught. B_wd T^*K"'
steady employment. THE L. ELKI S> CO.,
29 and :■>! Battery street . .
WANTED- German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework in small family. Call at 11P5
Valencia st.. cor. Twenty-third, between ,
and 7_W p ni.
WANTED Young Mrirl, from 12 to 15, who
would appreciate a good home. Call Monday,
from 10 to 4, at 166 Tenth st.
GIRL for waiting on the table. Navarro's
Restaurant, 7i:fi Broadway; must speak
Spanish.
COMPETENT woman, good ci>.k anil general
housework; three in family; $15. 1465 Fulton.
SHOE titters experienced stitchers on army
work. <■'•■ M. KUTZ CO., 103 Mission st.
WANTED— Iron grill makers. Box 16,",0. Call.
INTED— GirI, three hours dally to clean of-
fice and plain writing. Box 1849, Call.
WANTED— GirI for light housework and plain
cooking. M 4 Haight st.
JOUNG girl general housework and cook, $15
to $2'). Apply, after 10 a. m., 2520 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist in the house. 737 Castro.
WOMAN for housework and cooking: small
wages; good home. 410% Tehama st.
BRIGHT, active girl of good address for a new
bakery. Box 1655, Call office.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth et.
WANTED A refined German girl to care for
grown children, to do sewing and to travel.
Apply at ISI4 Washington st.. bet. 8 and 10.
NEAT girl for housework; must understand
plain cooking; wages $12. Inquire at 104
Devisadero st.
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for Oakland, wages
$25. see party at 11 p. m. ; also a good re-
liable boarding house cook across hay. Miss
DILLON, 315 Sutter st.. phone main SO4.
GOOD home ior girl about IT; light work;
small family. J. MULLER, W. Berkeley P.O.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
1 LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-c»nt stamp. Cali-
fornia orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
111 I I' WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— American farm foreman for Insti-
tution to handle and superintend boys, $35
and found; a foreman for private stables,
$12 a week; tlmberman for mine, $2 75 day;
quartz miner. $2 50 a day; 4 gravel miners.
| $40 and found; 40 laborers for mine $1 tin
$1 73 and $1 86 a day. See J. V. CROSETT &
CO.. 6JB Sacramento street.
WANTED— B first-class miners who can run
power drill for one of the best mines west of
Rocky Mountains; wases $o 50 a day; no
company boarding house or store; two-thirds
of fare advanced; go Monday morning; see
owner in city. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED- Walter for private family. $28;
butler for institution, $25; baker's helper,
$20; hotel cook, $50; cook for springs, $40;
second cook, $30; cook, small hotel, country.
$30 and increase; cook, shnrt orders, $1" a
week, anil others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
I 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 men handy -with an ax, good long
Job, short distance. $40 and board; 5 men to j
plant potatoes, $2.".; 15 milkers and farmers.
$25 and $30; blacksmith, $2 50 and board:
camp blacksmith, $60; carriage finisher and
helper, $2 day; 10 laborers, company work,
$1 25 a day and board; dairyman and wife,
$35; 5 laborers, $35. and others. J. F. CRO-
SKTT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
W ANTE D
Tool sharpener for mine, steady job at $2 per
day; blacksmith's helper for same mine, $2
per day
2 milkers, near city $25 and $30
Haying hands J26 and $30
4 miners for first-class steady J0b..?3 per day
Cook for boarding-house near city, $3i> ".
I-aborers. near city fl 25 and board
Choremon about private place, near city.
$20 and found, and others. \V. L>. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.
W A NTED
Typewriter and stenographer for first-class
ranch; references required; $50- per month'
must be young man. W. D. EWER & CO '
610 Clay st. ''
HELP ' WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want to-day from 7 a. m
12 laborers, 8 hours, fare 70c $2 day
14 laborers, 10 hours, fare 70c $2 50 day
12 laborers, near city $60
HAY AND HARVEST
26 hay and harvest hands. 43s to $40 and found
TO GOLD.... SILVER AND. ...OTHER MINES
Special reduced railroad rates, no experience
required, laborers to carry lumber
Laborers to wheel
Teamsters
Laborers to work on top
Wages $33. $55 and $60 and found, with good
board and accommodations, railroad fare
from $1 30
FARE FOR SAWMILLS. ETC PAID
93 laborers, different jobs, no experience
23 crosscut sawyers 19 timber fellers
2' spool tenders 5 screwturners log fixer
Head donkeyman redwood peelers
Mill bench hand, $2 75 day jack screwed
and K'4 other men for mills and woods
Wages $80, $70, $50. $40, $30. $26 and found
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
»4 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $30, $26, $25 and found: steady,
; good jobs for ever] county in California;
12 milkers, different jobs, $30, $25 an.l found;
6 butter makers, different jobs, $30 and found;
la choremen and boys for ranch, $20 to $10
and found
■ IN* "FRANCISCO !"!!"!"!.!.
3 men to handle lumber, married or single:
b two horse teamsters, $1 75 day, $26 and
i? v ' M laborers, different jobs, $175 day,
$30 and found
5 boy. to learn trades....."....... " '.'.sVabiernen
6 laborers board yourself home. $175 day....
boy to sell milk In shop, city. 51" and found
-••FOR GAb AND ELECTRIC COMP'Y....
22 laborers no experience fare $1
BLACKSMITHS GRANITE CUTTERS "
12 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, sawmills.
etc -- $ - ■ ll) , < '">' v nfl $s "' $40 > * : '-0 and found:
2 blacksmiths' helper?. $45; machinist
foreman bollermaker $4 o $6 day
3 granite cutters - alB ° slate sputters. $3 day.
FREE TO FREE
TO seven great RAILROAD" jobs
TEAMSTERS .. LABORERS DRILLERS
STONEMASONS RAi;i;N|i HAMMERSMKN
HEADKRMEX
WAGES— SB, $2 50, 52::. *J and 8175 day."
Board and lodging costs i.nly Si 50 week
Also MEN FOR
COAST RAILROAD '.".!.''.'." FREE
MURRAY & READY
634 and 630 Clay street.
COOKS .... WAITERS .... DISHWASHER^
9 cooks, also 3 second and third, $50, $40, $M:_
and found
9 waiters for mines, camps, hotels, $30 an.i
$25 and found
27 dishwashers, etc.. $25. $20, $15 aivl found..
4 bakers and helpers and boys for bakeries
3 porters, tend bar $25, $20 and found
Lunch man for a mine, also dishwasher, ?25
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63fi Clay E t.
LAUNDRY. . ..BUTCHERS. . . .OTHER HELi'
4 hotel laundrymen for springs, etc
Bootblack, city, $9 week. ...Boy for store....
Sausagemaker, $15 week Everybody call.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NO OFFICE FEE
TO-DAY ONLY
FOR THE COAST ROAD
FREE FARE FREE FARE
SHIP SUNDAY
Laborers, teamsters, tunnel men and rock
men, $1 75 to $2 50 a day.
50 MEN WANTED
C. R. HANSEN &- CO
104 GEARY ST
MISCELLANEOUS
Bincksmith for Nevada, ('•'> and found, fare
advanced, see boss here; blacksmith tor ranch,
W: helper, country shop. $1 50 a day and
found; helper for a ranch, $1 a day and found
Mtlkf-r and wife, $35 and found, see boss
hpre: S laborers for a min<\ fl 25 a day and
board, si" boss here; 5 men to work on ;i po-
tato patch, $20 and found; 10 laborers for tho
woods, J3O and board; ?, timber tollers. $40 and
found, Bee boss here: 50 laborers, above
ground, tor a mine, $1 to $1 35 a day and
board, reduced fare.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS..
Joe Arndt, the cook, please !■••]» 'it; cook
for a resort. $50 to $60; third cook and butcher
for Yoremite Valley, ?■).".; pantryman, springs,
fare advanced, $20; pantry boy, hotel
German bedmaker, country hotel, $2n and
found; houseman, institution, $1". and found;
baker's helper, $20 and found; kitchen hands.
C. R. HANSEN & >■<> 104 Geary
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton St.— Second cook,
mining camp, $40: cook, resort, $4n; cook, $9
a week: waiter coffee house, $30; milker who
can mak" butter, private place, $25; young
man for Institution. $15, etc.
• MAN" and wife for country; the woman must
be a good cook and housemaid: man must
understand gardening; references. Apply
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
FRY cook, $35; waiter-. JL'5. country hotel? ;
dishwasher for springs, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
STENOGRAPHER and correspondent; one
with some mechanical experience preferred.
Addr««s box 1051. Call office.
CARPENTERS for Mare Island. See A~
liAHLBERG Sunday, from 10 till 12 m.. 3J2S
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Retail grocery salesman; give ref-
erence, experience and wages expected. Box
1642, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS lineman for country lighting
plant; also an incandescent wireman. Box
1645. CaJl office.
GOOD barber, 15c shop: wages $M and half
over $12; steady job. Box 1644, Call office.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wnges $4.
(.'all 7:30 a. m. at 638 Broadway.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 11594
Folsom st.
GOOD barber wanted Sa Howard
Et. ; wages $3.
BARBER at 7'X? Howard st. ; good wages.
STEADY barber wanted at 7534 Howard st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Fourth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 613 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday
st., Oakland.
WANTED Barber to work on ■ • Sat-
urday and Sunday. 2207 Mlssii i
I .
BOY to shine shoes. 160S Devisadero st.
YOUNG man to work in bakery. Call 2133
Fillmore st.
THIRD hand on bread. Bak- ll more
street.
MAX for light work in lodging-house : r
board and laundry. 5 Market St.
NIGHT cook at 1390 Turk Bt. Call from ? to
- p. m.
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesmen wanted. Mi n-
arcn Shoe Company, 1380 Market
WANTED— Boy
helper in blacksmith Bhop. 1114 I
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work; no cash
and be satisfied with Jl5 per week. Western
Investment Co., 'J Geary st
GOOD 2-chair barber shop I >r sale, with I
living rooms; rent $16. l_o6 Hyd
MEN' wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work fare ''akdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BU K.M.xN. SO2 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— General blacksmith and horseshoer.
22 Cortland aye., near Mission l
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction:
call or write for catalogue. Moler Barber
College, 635 Clay st_
WILSON House. 775 Mission st.. near Fourth^
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; free
baths; electric lights; elevator; 25c to $1 night.
WANTED— Expert dump men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devlsaderu and Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission; side
line; state particulars. Box 691, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c." 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young man competent to make
working drawings for gas and electric fix-
tures. Apply by letter, Designing Depait-
m>nt, THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
YOUNG men and ladles 16 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hillsdule 33 Sixth
St., bet. 11 and 2, room 21.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at th* Te»la
coal mines. Alameda County. Cal.- sufficient
rew ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching reins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN CO\L CO. R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
TO go this week— sod pa:rs men's shoes,
nearly new, from ."0c to $1 50; new
slightly damaged, half price. 582 Mission st..
bet. Ist and :M sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanl
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; IM ■ jr - d
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 20 men to occupy rooms; We per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 _____ Montgomery.
BUSH. 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; sas
and stationary washstand: l-'.c, 25c up_
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
AustmHa at HERMANS. ->■ Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. lOc, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to 1-arn barber trad- at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. tUhi Eighth st.HKI.I' W ANTED— Continued.
WANTKD-Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE Ship
ping Apx-nt, 504-506 Davis st.
ELLIS. :,21 (Rosedale House)-160 rooms, day
wick or mo.; rates. 25c to II per night; re-
duct'.on to permanent roomers; reading room.
V KNSIONS-J. H. PHEPAR.D & CO., attorneys
r - Hearst bid?.. Third and Market
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ro't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jeesle 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 750. $1
Atos2 50 week. Cleho House. SC3W Market st.
TRY Acme Mouse. 957 Market st, below Sixth
for n room; 2,">c c night; $1 ii week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 41 Third St., near Mar"
ket; 700 rooms, 2m- nlpht; leading room- free
'bus and -page to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wakes due laborers and
r'rrks Km\ Collection Agency. 112 Suttei Ht.
I agents WAKTED.
WANTED— Agent for city on commission; soap
factory. 130S Mission st.
SELL' Mag Heel Protectors, sample 10c: ais.i
I^.Htln-r I..is.re: s a ni. :sc. BROWN. 332 Utish
__________^^^
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted who understands the ktc-
cery business thoroughly; $2500 required for
half Interest. Box V 316, Call flee
WANTE D— M 1 i~..~7a.A.\i-:iuJsr.
K1 OR 3 50-f<x>t painter's falls and hooka; grood
condition. 225 Jersey r^t.
WANTED- Use of uptight piano for storage; 2
adu : best of care. Box 160. .. Call office.
•WANTED— To hire 100 nr»l-clas» «mp« »am«
with harness and prad bar- lens ' 'b. ■" B.
STONE. Fimhumt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
IS-ROOM~ house lon Third 5t.... .............. $373
24 ms, never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 3u rooms ISOO
6-room flat, near Emporium 250
Yls-room hnu.«e; worth SGOO 250
16-room house; on Sixth st 550
£» rocms; sunny corner: clear* J2OO 1100
10 rooms; best corner in the city ISGO
10. rooms; on Jones st. : worth $1000. 500
14 rocms; on Taylor st. <jr.v>.r. 6^
24 rooms: on Howard s<t 4tO
3' -r • m boarding-house; clears $300 !250
IC2O MARKET ST.. 1020 MARKET ST.,
H. c DECKER,
ifW Market St.. 1020 Market st.
$3i''>— 22-ROOM house, near Market Ft. ; rent $40.
?2S n — 36-room hoviee: rent $4 r v month
$300— -18 rooms central: all rented; $l."0 cash,
balance on time. BASILS, S73U Market st.
1500-rBUYS 25-room house; ch'-ap rent: Us', from
10 to 100 rooms; money loaned at 2 per cent:
3 cottages, clear, rented t>i exchange for lodg-
ing hou«e. EITEL. 1016 Market st.
J2.V---ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
tor's office: selling for b»-st reasons; 50 other
house* lor sale. HEALY. 917 Market st.
100 ROOMING houses, all sizes, prices and
location* NAT'L AGENCY. ?534 Market st.
f2iw_n rooms, poort furniture: rent W>; clears
J3o.' NAT'L AGENCY. 7S3U Market st.
f.V"»- LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25 72 Jackson ?t.
HOC— LODGING-HOUSE: bargain; departure
cause of sale. McLAUC.HI.IN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MUST close out every piece; balance of Alex-
andria Hotel furniture; price cut in two;
come quick. DAVIS, 1111 Mark-' St., Odd
Fellows' building.
FOR caJe ... •-...... of 4 rooms.: all
new; rent $10. 45 Shipley s t.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
?, 60c. a Eastern Outfitting Co.. ir.o Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for M* TO. with No.
a 7 ranee King Furniture ,-■ li:7-l!Dl Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, s^lls,
<-\'li new ,t 2d-hnn>l fur., carpets, stoves.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and *^ per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are ihe
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in sood s*-ocnd-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and wme good pianos fur $3, "4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth anJ
Broadway/i Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the o]>«t ar.l largest house
west of Chicago i« KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 2S and 30 0 1 Parrel! St. : pianos, organs and
nil other musical instruments of all grad-s.
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done tv please and satisfy the
customer.
A NEW Chickerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
l f 'l3 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
FAMILY leaving must sen $400 upright piano
for best offer. 1200 Devisarlero st.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos. $2 SO per
n:o. Seolt-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
It. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
M.U'ZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A- UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installment?. *3 *Ts"urT :
rents, J2 up fallowed on sale). H-lne, 136 Ellis.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
Fale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— s<s: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 .McAllister st.
pOHMER. Byron Mauiy and other pianos. SOS
1 Post st.
' W. G. BADGER. 415 .Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Baron and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BAROAIN-^Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister Rt.. next Hibernta Bank.
KNABE pianos; nrw scale: new styles. KOH-
LER * 'HAS! 30 O'Farrell st. "
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new! H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. C I.athnm place.
A WEEK'S r.ews for ."> cer.ts~Thr> Weekly Call,
16 page*. In wrapper, for rrin'lirig. fl p»r yar.'
l.AJi.^.\ » lONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mlningi as-
saying, blowpipe ar.ai . chemistry; geol min-
era. . surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS^-Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day ami evening: catalogue free
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post et.
AYRES' Busir.rss College, 723 Market" sT;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy
penmanship, English branches, ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room f». Flood build-
ing, S. H. TARII. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ell: I system: sunny rooms; Imv rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 123G Ilk..
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech survey, assay, archl.; day & eve ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ITALIAN and French lessons and conversation
hy a lady college graduate. D. W. M.. 8088
Sutter st.
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornet;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard -'
LAW Schools, 527 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
» mess College, 205 Larkln st., opp. City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGtTIRE ft GALLAGHER G. Ma-
gulre (ex-O.ngressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. S2£-Str> Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law,
six. floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charK p s: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases: will*, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful ; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SM Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZi. attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth floor Crocker b!dg.
L. R. CLARKE- Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
CARPET CLEANING.
I -ieans.
I moves, lays carpets. C. H. STE\ ENS, Utr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone feouth 2aO.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
Vend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 553-357;.Tehama \ «t; ; i tel.t 8. t iO.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. , L JONES.
SOO McAHlster ft., cor. Larkni; tel. Mint laOl.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
jel . jjkin_394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN"3~Callfornia Carpet inline Co.,
IS Stevenson St.; tcl. South 228; lowest rates.
i-\RPETS~cieaned at 3c per yard ; laid at 3c.
V ■■TItATTOX'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie Mi.
' E. HELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission .4.
uTs. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
«tute; caroeti" cieaned, 3c yd- : tel. Mint a-ttt.
CONKLIN'S Ca7p7t-beatlne Works, 333 Golden
Cau. aye. ; tel. Kast 126.
BUSINESS' CHANCES.
A— sSsoTcOßn'eß ''saloon ""on'sixteea^'and Mls-
elon; living rooms; rent low;- lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. O. WII.K.E. 906
Market st.
A— s7so; first-class saloon, vicinity of the
Baldwin; establ. years, private olub and la-
dles' room; rent cheap. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
$450— BRANCH bakery and notion store In
lively country town, 18 mile* from the city;
rent $15, Including flat; a rare chance. R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $1400 CORNER grocery and bar In the best
location of the Mission; living rooms: place
established years; doing a good business;
large stock In groceries and liquors. R. O.
WILKE. m Market St.
A— s2oo; CIQAR stand with laundry office; rent
$15; one block from Call. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket St.
A-SI2CO; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000: rent
$25: horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
Ing business. Call R. O. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— SSOO— CORNER saloon and cigar stand on
Stockton st-. 2 blocks from Market; a 1 bar-
gain. R. G. WILKE & CO., 906 Market St.
I A— s32so; CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
less than $2"' per month: owner wants to
I make a trip to Europe. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market el.
A— s4so: BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE,
tC6 Market St.
.
A $1600; CORNER grocery and bar: living
rms. ; one-half block from Wieland's Brewery;
i daily receipts about $16; cash trade only; a
rare chance Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$71/0— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city.
route of 135 regular customers; receipts from
$16W to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 761 Market st.
$400 — OYSTER house and taroale factory, near
Market; must be sold at once on account of
other business in country. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
IOOO_l<OKK and sausage store; best part of
city: established 21 years; In this line you
could not find a better offer on this coast to-
day full Investigation afforded: trial If you
mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market st. •
, $300— :, '' 'KSMITH shop; established 14 years;
full value In stock; business speaks for itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
765 Market St., opposite Phelan's.
■ RESTAURANT In most prosperous Inland town
of State; S furnished rooms; offered at great
sucrirtce: owner going to Europe. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
! moo— SAI-OON and lunch house close to Mar-
t kt-t st ■ bargain on account of sickness; trial
; given. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
; $4ji.i— WOOD and coal, hay and grain yard; bar-
. ! gain. Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
- i $600— PAKTNER wanted in a first-class restau-
rant and .>'..-• bouse; good cook or waiter
- I preferred. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
J4oo— DELICACY and pork store; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN i CO., 777 Market st.
INDUCEMENT extraordinary — The Oregon
i Timber and Lumber Company offers for sale
' I at par 25 OCO shares of Its capital stock. $1 per
! «hare payable as follows: Ten per cent on
" j application, 50 per cent on allotment imme-
i dlately aftor closing Of subscription books.
■ ! The company owns absolutely unincumbered
" j vast tracts of the finest timber near the
mouth of the Ci>lumr>ia River In Oregon;
■ I further, a water power sawmill, valuable
- ! water power and rights of way; money Is to
; be fxreniieti In building larger mills; reason-
-1 able and steady returns for many years. For
full particulars call at office, 411^ California
: st., room 9.
SALOON, north of Market bargain; leaving
city. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
A— NOTICE to jewelers: $1500 stock, tools, flx-
' I tur ,.. bargain. COWING £ CO., 995 Market.
CATHOLIC bork store bargain this day,
'■ COWING i CO.. 035 Market^
ROOMING house'; must sacrifice to-day; bar-
gain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
I RARE chance— For sale or lease: seaside re-
; j sort, club house or boarding house; climate
same as Monterey and Santa Cruz; sea and
surf bathing; 45 mm. from City Hall; electric
S cars he. Particulars room 11. 632 Market st
I FOR sale— Grocery and bar; north of Market:
; doing poo«l business; nice neighborhood: fine
f. j place for man understanding the business;
1 : good reasons for selling. .■■■--'' A.,
] ' box 164?. Call office.
r ; j'OO— CIGAR store near Market st ; bargain;
1 ! $125 cigar store, laundry agency pays rent.
. 1 National Agency, 7'3't Market St.. near 4th.
a ' HOME bakery, suitable for man and wife or
J ! 2 ladles. Box 34. Call office.
a ■ SALOON for sale— Good business; good loca-
" j tlon. Inquire National Brewing Co.
j SHOESHOP muft be sold; rood paying busl-
" j ness: 1 ro<-n; furnished: good prices. 332 Bush.
• I $100 BUYS lunch wagon; clearing $100 monthly;
:i. business taught buyer. Box 1653, Call office.
" j Paying milk ranch, with first-class private
r trade: comprising 10 cows. 3 horses, new
wagon; all Implements and improvements ln-
; eluded; low rent; for sale or exchange. Ad-
dress L. ISAAC, Diamond P. 0.. Frultvale.
; $400 BUYS the best paying branch bakery,
candy and ice cr»am business, Mission dls-
: trlct; sacrifice: ill-health: clears over $100
1 per month and always increasing: fine store
. I and n>oms; r*nt $12 SO; soda fountain cost
: J12o; trial Kiven. Address box 1615, Call.
11 \! F Interest In one of the finest meat
n ;iie city; fine locality and trads.
.ae* of customers; includes horses.
■ _■ k accounts, etc G., box 1621, .Call
a : js.ness proposition that will yield
... : d iiars for partner; no humbug;
uslness; best references. Address
'all office.
D botel in Sacramento; doing first-class
good location; 6S regular boarders;
disposal, partlet going to leave. In-
-• '."all office.
: Ol nc oU nt of family trouble will
sell small restaurant doing good business.
■ :?IS. Call office.
•X Bargain to-day: part cash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth st.
I for sale— Old established business.
Inquire of C. R ALLEN. 144 Steuart St.
iN ard 6-room lodging house, completely
led, f'>r sale. 80 Jackson st.
5 PARTNER in cigar, candy and notions
sti re in country; takes in over $40 per week;
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references;
expenses paid while Investigating. Address
box 144. Geyserville, Cal.. or at Call
office.
BARBER shop, country, first clase, with
ling and bedroom complete. G. W. S.,
Cal.
: bar In Mission at Inventory;
' i King to Manila, cheap rent. Apply
lon «t.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store. 1203 Market,
bet K'.Rhth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500. and big value for the money.
FOR SALE lf»n restaurant south and close to
Market St.; cause sickness; investigate; no
Box 693. Call office.
FOR ■ ; . coffee and lunch house in
Box f.68, Call office.
DOCTOR >->^k!< good country' location. Address
I '■ tavia Bt.
SACRIFICE Old-established fruit Btore;
good chance. 13" Eighth st. ; no agonts.
STORK and fixtures for grocery and bar.
•.ty-second and Castro sts.; new building.
BE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO/S.. 415 Sacramento st.
PE on this paper for sale. Apply this
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Mc-
INTOBH & WOLFMAN'. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand
.7 NOON AN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission St..
nt. v« Sixth.
JUST from England Gordon setter bitch with
I ips, also Newfoundland, fox. spaniel and
bull terrier pups. 23G Montgomery aye.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
■ a AN OVERSTOCK HHHI
St Germain Billiard i'o. 405 Market st.: all
stylos, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps, cheap; lnstallmts.
A B-STONE "j.al ring: price J10; cost $35. L"X
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
PT. BERNARD pups for sale. 236 Minna st.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 189 Beale Bt.
OASOLINE engines. 2d-hnnd. from 2 to 26 H.
P.; cheap and guaranteed. 648 Mission st.
DKESS pants, S2 S5; fine suits. $9 95. Misfit noth-
ing Parlors. 518 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
OASOLINE -ngineß— l h. p. $100. 2 h p. tllS, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
I A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scran Iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
' LAUNDRY plant complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 616 Mission st.
s \F!-:8— All sizes new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento at.
SAFES -Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 169-VU Market. S. V.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S halrdreee'.ng [.arlors still lead In
popularity; 26c only; hair rolls, 10c: longest.
30c. ; twitches $1 up; Foamo Shampoo, 5c
package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonicu Hair Tonic possesses
the quintessence of excellence; unequaled, un-
auipaesed; 3£c bottle. 123 Stockton et.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trad-mark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter Bt., ' Ljlw a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for t'ircular. Patents Solicited.
i ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
| 26c tv $1 50 j»er night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
\ free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
i IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
| MORRISON.
: PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
i geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 26th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
\ T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
\ furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
' COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits, low
prices, easy payments. Eastern outfitting
i Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
i DR. CREELY'S Dec Hospital, 100 Elm aye.;
I office. Horse Hospital, 810 Golden Gate aye.;
1 separate ward for contagious diseases.
i KNJTTINO SHIRTS ~o order, ?1 each. 614
B St.
j RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no lnjec-
! tlon;guarantd. Dr. Gonlin, 614 Pine, ab. Keany .
A— ELEGANT lad!.-.-' tailor-made suits to order
1 at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
LAIHEB' tailor-made suits. J! week. rhlcugX!
I Clock Co., ISI4 Market st ; open evenings.
SIMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
-1%. fOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
i A— Ladles, or gent's clothintr, furniture, bought
Bold; tel. Mint 987. JACOBS, 102." Folsom st
SUITS to order nn easy Installments. L.
LF.M"S. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to "rder on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. x. Y. Tailoring <">.. llfi Kearny.
, FOLDING \ - - bed loungres
1 U 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
wan ■ gold for manufaens;. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24.« O'Farrr-11. bpt. Powell A Mason
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Qeary st.; dresses made, J5
up: i-r-ect fit. MMX QOI.PSTKIX
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS J. J WHITNEY^ trance! test medium!
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure .lit"u.->-s; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton st. ;
: sittings $1: dlaKnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing
and test circle to-night; admission 25c. 234W
Sixth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
•wrlilng medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia it.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office Ht 315 OFarr-'ll
CLAIRVOYANTS.
j MISS .7. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
I voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
1 gifted medium immediately; Miss Dwyer
i graduated under the highest professor In oc-
! cultism and Is master of the power by which
I she can reveal your entire life; also she lives
: of those In whom you are Interested; satis-
faction guaranteed by mail; reduced rates
to the poor. 917 Market st.
MMX. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 60c; gents. $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
; WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Clingman,
: from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologist: readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth
St . Oakland.
j MME. LENEMAR, 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell:
by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold, '74.
' RETURNED— MISS YON BERG, clairvoyant
j and palmist. 204 Ellis *st., rooms 35 and 36.
i MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
: past, present and future. 26c. 14S Sixth, r. 12.
| MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
j ny st., room 34. French and English spoken.
i MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 60e. IS Lewis St., off Taylor, nr. Post
MISS TESBIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and Dalmist. 36 1 » Geary st., rooms 1 and 3.
! MISS green, qard reading and palmistry- 20S
I Po^t st., room 1.
! RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
j and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
I MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
! palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
i MISS GEORGIA TAYLOR, returned, palmist
; and card reader. Room 1, 110% Turk st.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
! MISS MAY FOX. celebrated card reader. 304
j Sutt«»r St.. corner of Grant aye.. room 3.
' MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
I 1065 Market st, room 2.
j MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
T Parlors 12 and IS, second floor, 8864 Market.
' MME ETTA RALPH, magnet and ppychom-
i etrlst: parlor* 2 and 3, '■'■'■ Market st.
I YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
i 7 to 10 p. m. 836 Larkln st., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission Ft.; clairvoyant.
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; l"c
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
I reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
! MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned r»vealer. first
i In her profession; never falls. 325 A Suttar st.
'; MISS OLLIE LAKE, returned, palmist and
! card reader. 11$ Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
' MME. RAVENA reads' life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future huß-
band's picture. 2*.c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTKY.
MMeT NEEROAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1.
TOT'R fate is in your hand; scientific palmls-
i try. MME. QERMAINE, 906 Market St., r. 80.
: A— MME BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 91fi
Bush pt.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
'. ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
I located; lucky days and numbers; palmistry.
319 McAllister St.
DENTISTS.
XNEL "T." 8. HKHHNS" Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., S<27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensKe; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $6. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best material? u^M only.
A NEW patent — See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns. $8 50; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth Bt.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, BOS Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., yuu can
\ have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 0 a m to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W, WILLIAMSON. M.l"> . Manager.
! DR. GEO"RGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex^
; tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
fill secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received s first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FILL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns.. $3; gold bridges, 15 up; painless ex-
: traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
TORE DENTISTS, 968 Mission st., cor. 6th.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1442 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM-- Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Marltet st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$8 up; open ev'gs. SM MarKet st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H.~G\
YOUNG. IS4I Polk »t.
LOST.
LOBT— Tuesday, on Fourth st., package of
photographs. Kindly return to 226 Birch aye.
or Call office.
LOST— Lady" s gold watch. Reward at
PKTERS 1 , Nineteenth st. nnd Lexington aye.
L"t-T— Badge of Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Ignatius' Church. Reward at 4067 Eighteenth.
SEWING MACHINES.
$3 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 191S Mission, nr. 15th.
I ALL kinds bough' sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth si.
HOUSES TO LET.
FIRST-CLASS house, S rooms; 3553 Twentieth ;
Et., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
tinted and painted throughout. ■ ;
MISSION, 1215%. near Eighth— of 14
sunny rooms, bath, tubs, etc. ; suitable for ■
roomers; rent $40.
HOUSE of 5 rooms to rent. 417 Stevenson St.. •
near Fifth.
HOUSE of 6 rooms; rent $IS. 272 Minna st.,
near Fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed .
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
In splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near Guerrero, two fine
houses. 3386 and 33SS; 7 rooms; In first-class
condition. ___—■«_
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye., 220—6 nice furnished sunny rooms
very reasonable; half price: Investigate.
PARTLY fur. house; modern conv'cs; 2533 Mls-
Elon St.. near 21st. Apply rm. S. Flood bids.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; also flat 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near |
Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
$25— 536 Fulton st. ; 6 rooms and bath.
$30—1613 Sutter St.; 7 rooms and bath.
$21—1723 McAllister St.; 7 rooms and bath.
$20—5 Hollis bt.; 6 rooms and bath.
$15—5 Mary? terrace; 4 rooms and bath.
— 354 Minna st. ; 6 rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1207—3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each, $20, j
bath; 2 flats. $11. Apply 1211 Bush st.
FLAT of 0 sunny rooms and bath. 913 Illinois
st., close to Union Iron Works.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye —
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath; i
yard. !
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16: repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBBEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery, j
THIRD, 417^—2 front suites; modern improve-
ments; 8 rms., hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
TO LET— 2 new flats, 6 rooms and bath. 4136
Seventeenth et.. near Eureka.
UPPER flat: 5 sunny rooms; bath; basement;
yard. 322 Second aye.; rent $15 50.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath; reasonable.
5H Lapfdge St., off ISth. above Valencia.
$15—5 SUNNY rooms, bath and modern Imp.
30SA Bartlett st., near Twenty-fourth.
FIKMSHED FLATS.
FOR SALE— Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st. ; live minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market: account of leaving city. Box
557. Call office.
ROOMS KOK HOLSEKKKI'INU.
AT 14A Geary— Law. well-fur. Buite for light
hskpg.; run. water; $16 mo. ; other* Jl 60 wk.
ALK'K. 5, be:. 3d and 4th. off Folsom — 4 sunny
unfurnished rooms, separate yard; rent $9.
DERBY i laoe, off Taylor, near Geary— 2 flats,
or 6 rooms, to let: cheap.
EDDY, 207—1 lance front ntom, complete for
housekeeping; quiet house; bath; gus.
L.i.i-:\ ENTH, 124 A —Large newly furnished
sunny room, light housekeeping. $1 25 week
ELLIS, 1121 1 or 1 sunny rooms; housekeeping;
fine view; use of yard.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-2
nni 3 rooms; separate front entrance; gar-
den: rent 510. $13.
GEARY, 1917— $lb; for adults; 4 comfortable
c and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $8 a month.
HOWARD. 761^— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; others; kitchen; man and wife;
reasonable.
HYDE, 110—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing.
JESSIE, 36P -Furnished housekeeping* rooms, en
su ■-. $10 per month.
I.AItKIN. "26—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
I.AI'.KIN, So 4— I^arge sunny front, with small
room, furnished for housekeeping; $10
gle room 54.
MARKET. I»2K -I-arpe sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn., $5.
_ ,
MINNA. 28 Housekeeping rooms.
>N. 1213 Sunny furnished housekeeping
i ins; reasona.l
;125 ! - near Seventh— Large front
room; furnished for hr.u«eke*t>ing; $2 per uk.
f'f'l/K. 1445— Sunny front and back parlor, fur-
nishe.i for !: uselceeplng.
POST. 507-4 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing or professional.
POWELL, i 43, below O'Farrell 3 frnshd. hkpg.
room*: hoi and cold water; range; bath.
SEVENTH, 261; — 2 large sunny corner suites,
suitable for housekeeping; large grounds.
SIXTH. 420 Baj ■ : ■ ■ ekeeplng rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
ST' M 'KTON. 603--HriUf»ekeeplng and sunny sin-
gle rooms; reasonable.
TVRK. 803—1 large sunny connecting unfur-
nished rooms.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; gas range; select locality.
twenty THIRD, 8168, near Howard 2 oi 3
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
CHEAPEST and best in America Ths Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
fnlted Btates, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
lr. every respect; terms reasonabU.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk und Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to 1150 day. MHS J. KINO.
BOHEMIAN. 239 Pout. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and .suites; quiet, .til conven-
iences; tourist; elevator, etc; flint-class ref-
erence given.
CALIFORNIA. 1303— With or without board;
cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market Sunny curnrr lur-
nlshed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CI/AY, 124 i» — Lower floor, 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms; no children.
CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness— Three rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prlcts reasonable.
FI.LIS, 71!. nr. Larkin— 3 rms., Ist floor; kitch-
en If desired for hskpg. ; also 1 sunny.
ELLIS. 742— A cozy outside single room; parlor
floor; gas and bath; $5 per month.
KOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
SI week and up.
<;KAKY, 217% Single furnished rooms; key
217.
GEARY, 556-- Elegant sunny front parlor, pinno;
suites: other rooms; privilege light house-
keeping; telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
Flngle: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT nve., 17— Bay-window front suite; also
single rooms; transient solicited.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 5(1 to 36 per week.
1 HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Putter, near Stockton—
: Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
■:■■ ■ • •\ ;^ r; free baths.
I HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde— Prettily furnished
corner suites, bath, board optional.
HOWARD, WK, near Seventh— Neatly furnished
sunny front and back parlor.
KEARNY, 326— Sunny st'eond parlor with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire 324 Kearny st.
LAGUNA, 1310. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Fine
sunny rooms, furnished; private family.
MAIN. 311— 54; furnished sunny front room;
I also smaller back rooms.
M'ALLISTER, 72'".. above Gough— Nicely fur-
: nlshed rooms, with gas: very cheap.
I NATOMA. 44(ftt— Sunny front room; rent $4 50
j per month.
NATOMA, 448— One sunny front room.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 424— Double front bay-win, rm. ;
prettily fur.; desk; 1 small; both hot, cold wr.
i O'FARRELL, 535, nr. Jones— l front neatly
furn. and cheerful rm. ; dble. fold, bed; grate.
O'FARRELL. 540— Neatly fur. double rm.. with
board, $20 mo.; without, $7 mo; French fam.
O'FARRELL, 889. nr. Leavenworth— l double
front airy room; neatly frnshd; bath; gas; $10.
F<>LK. 1635— Nice room: running water; pri-
vate, ladles or gents; H per mouth.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
POWELL, 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double; transient; next to Columbia^
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
I 1 ' 'WELL, 17— Large, also small frnsh. rms.;
centrally located; few doors from Columbia.
KOYAL House. 126 Kills st -Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH. 2M, nr Howard— Neatly furnished
rooms: bath; sunny; facing south.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
neur Market— Furnißhed and unfurnished.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fltth st.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 25. near Market— Sunniest rooms in
■ Uy; white lierhts; extra good beds; cheap.
THIRD, . r il4 1 2 -2 large unfurnished rooms;
yard; rear of barber shop; cheap. Inquire In
shop.
THIRTEENTH, 405. cor. Valencia— Suite con-
necting sunny front furnished rooms; neat
and clean: complete for housekeeping; coal
stove; bath; telephone; 812 month.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $4 a week up: Swedish home.
LEAVENWORTH. 119— Sunny rooms; hot
water; good table board.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking: single, $25; double. $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
eg.— Furnished suites and Rlncle rooms; in
business 'ocality for table boarders.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Care and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
dren: reasonable price: healthy location; good
home. Boa 591, Call office.
i\! VNTS boarded; confidential. Box 700, Call
■ ■•'. ■■. ___^______
REST.AIRANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
i-r-um p;trl"r. I'"'"" Mark-t ft.: n.,pular prices.
STORES TO LET.
$2'i— STORK, northwest corner Post and Baker
Sts.. v.-ith fixtures complete for a grocery; 3
rooms In rear; fine concrete cellar: water free.
!•: to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand; ■•orner Market, California and Drumm
Ets. MADISON A BURKE. 026 Market Bt.
CHEAP sti res at US Noe st., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
OFFICES TO LET.
BUITE of office rms., fur.; west side: 143 Pow-
ell, below O'Farrell; occupied by doctor 8 yrs.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
OEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
1 charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 H Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female !
I diseases; all those who are sick or discour- ;
I aged should call on the doctor and state their '
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients, j
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- i
; tal and privacy of a home; consultation free j
\ and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In- i
' struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or I
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. :
'■ agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible |
pills. 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays
by appointment only.
i A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- ]
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
[ same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before groin* else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet. ,
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure gent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M DAVIES. 1128 Market st. ;
pill?. $1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
: rases of monthly irregularities from whatever
raiioe: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m : Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT — great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; traveler* helped
■ once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 87 years.
DR. POPPER SI" Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
clsco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
odvice free: hours, 9:80 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
| ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home; no Instru-
ments: consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards ft Co., 40« Clay
St.: SI 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Be-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
: ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50.
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OPGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
FOR married ladlep — A sure safe preventive;
why wait and suffer? an ounce of prevention
Is worth a pound of cure; $1. 1637 Howard
Ft., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays excepted.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
ami Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
Children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.:
private home in confinement.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or mmey back:ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human hr.dv. US Mason «t.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE C Q- M., Vancouver Barracks. Wash.,
June H, IR99— Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 a. m.. June 20,
1899, and then opened for furnishing steam-
boal service between Astoria, Oregon, Fort
Btevens, Oregon, and Fort Canby. Wash., for
fiscal year commencing July l, 1899. Informa-
tlon furnished here. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
,ny part thereof. Knvelopee containing
proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
steamer transportation, " and addressed to
undersigned. J vv. Jacobs. C. Q. M.
BIDS wanted- Notice is hereby given that
se;,le.l proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY, June 24, 1899, and opened to-,
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, f..r furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary Supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tlon rountvllle), for six months commencing
•Inly 1, 1899, and ending DecemlH-r SI, W. l .
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bidfl Will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidder* will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will te considered unless it
is in accordance with such schedules. Each
1 ■ !••!■ must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check i;i"'ii .some well-known and re-
■ponsible banking house for at least lft per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a srood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids an<! to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVTLLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Callfor
nia, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
V. 8. ENGINEER'S office, room 90. Flood
building, San Francisco. C.il., June 7, 1899.—
Sealed proposals for furnishing and Install-
ing electric lighting plants at Fort Point.
Cal.. will be received here until 12 m., July
7. 1899, and then opened Information fur-
nished on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DA-
VIB. Major Engineers.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tal. Clay 25.
j PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
! PIERCE- UODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4CI Pogt st.. cor. Powell: te! Main 5711.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and resldeaoa.
;.:;,,, Mark»t st., btt. 6th and ;iu.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $646: the cheapest lot In Richmond;
Ninth aye.. near Point Lobos aye.; 25x120
feet; graded; street graded, sewered and
macadamized.
W. J. GUNN. Real Estate Agent,
. '; ':•;' 410 Montgomery st.
GENUINE bargain; $1800; easy payments; hard
finished house. 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
large fine chicken houses, stables and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be
sold quick; two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car; this Is not an old rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent, 630 Market.
$2500 — NEW modern 6-room cottage, with a!:
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125: near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON. Builder.
11- your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere In Pan
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate Ag»nt.
i 630 Market St.
FORECLOSURE— I 9 lots In block SS2. south of
Park, to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS,
Money Loaner, 630 Market st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 110 Montgomery.
IF your property Is ninrtcaeed nnd you ne»d
more mon«v ■>■(■ H. Mr'VT>"V "3-> Market «t
COt'XTRY ItU\l. STATE.
FOR sale in Sausallto— Sunny cottage of 3
rooms; partly furnished; lot 50x200. M.
KEAN. Real Estate Agent. Sausallto.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO 302 California St.. P. F.
FRUIT, grain and Ftr.ck farms.
W n WOT rr>V ,c m in \*~~'~ — ,<.-v *•
MONEY TO LOAN.
"LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission : no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 9.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 844J Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planof: no removal; low rat*s: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. "0 Third st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312
Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason St.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
HORSES.
WANTED — A dray horse; must weigh about
1400 rounds. Call at 440 Bush Ft.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
IV Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 4 DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mend»nhall.
successors Kllllp 4 Co.: salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
FOR SALE— Span of fast trotting horses; very
speedy; sold for no fault. CEPA, box 352.
Call office.
FOR sale — «0 horses and mules at old Turk-it.
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. j
100 BETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts. ',
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO the new gold fields. Lower California—
.Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay. Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight; ■
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berths left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DIN. President. 10 California St.. room 5.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATB.
$850 — NEW house. 6 rooms; lot 30x100; fine lo-
cation: must sell quick; other bargains. E.
E. BUN CIS. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
OAKLAND FURNITURE Hilt VU.B.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealpr 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMFPV UKAI- KSTATE.
LOT for sale very cheap; 60X125:6; Centra! aye.,
Alameda; must be sold. G. W. H. PATTER-
SON CO.. 1706 Market st.
"marriage licenses.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John Stamemn and Pauline M. Vaupel 37-36
Hugh S. Dimond and Ellen T. Boland 21-18
A. B. Demvald and Margaretha Schweifier.34-30
John E. Cahi'.l and Antonia M. Eatuardo... 2l-21
Jesse B. Pendergrass and Jennie I. Ward.. 33-23
Frank H. Lockyer and Emily C F. Hill. .30-31
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH^T"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at c-lther of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRUCKNER— In this city. .Tune 6. I'-'*! 1 , to the
wife of John W. Bruckner, a son.
HINZ— In this city. June 7, 1899. to the wife
of August J. H. Hinz, a daughter.
MADDEN— In this city, June 7. 1899, to the wife
of J. .1. Madden, a son.
! " MARRIED.
ATWATER-GABELMANX In this city, June |
1. 1899, by the Rev. j. M. Buehler, C. L. At-
water and Lilly Gabelmann.
CONEY- XORDMAX--In this city, June 4, 1899
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, David Milton Coney
and Tillle Beatrice Xordman.
! i KAHN— PLATO— In this city. June 7. isr>9. by
Rabbi Isidore Myers. Jacob Kalin and Carrie
L. Plato, both of San Francisco.
\ MEYER— GOODMAN— In this city. June ■
by the Rev. Dr. J. X'ieto, Samuel O. Meyer
• j and Ttllle Goodman.
1 OESTF,RK!CHEH— KORX— In this city. June
6. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Julian 1 >es-
terelcher'aml Tillle Korn.
SCHAFER - HEXDRICKSOX-In this city,
Jun- 7, 1-*'. by the Rev. J. M. Buehle-r. H.
Schafer anil Amanda Hendrlckson.
VEASEY— SCHTLTZItEIiG-- In Los Angeles, i
Cal. June 1. 1>99, at the residence of A C.
Golan, by the Rev. W. w. Welsh, Frank B.
Veasey and Frankle Schultzberg. both of San ;
Fr:jncisi.-o.
DIED.
Anderson. Naomi .'.T.»rrlll. Frank A.
Brandorn. Estella Nelson. L-'it;;>
Brown. Mary L Penna. Fedclii
Castle. Jessie C. h. Richard
Cramer, Katherine Rogers. Robert B.
Creque, Julia A. F. Scouler. Janus
De PYemery, James Simes, Eliznh>-th
Dnnlevy, aru-s r. stark, Gracey
Dunne. William L. Stelllng, William F.
E^kert, Josephine Taylor, Harry W.
Ellert. Minnie A. Torgersen. Evelyn B.
Gavin. Bernard Tweedie, Edward
Goe, Annie A. Wahnig, Henry
Gordon. Grace Walter. Joseph S.
Licht. Caroline Watson, Mis. C. B.
Mangels. Chris Wilson, John
Meyer. Minnie
ANDERSON-In this city, June 9. 1899, Naomi,
beloved wife of Louis Anderson, and mother
of Rhodes Tolhert and Jessie. Orval and < Air-
land Anderson, a native uf Indiana, aged 16
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from Bethel M. E. j
Church. Remains at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia I'ndertaklnc Company, -I'd Powell j
street, corner of Post. Interment 1-a.urel
Hill Cemetery.
BRANDORN— In this city, June 8, 1R99. Es-
tella, wife of C. D, Brandorn. daughter of |
Olive and the late Walter Cottrell, sister of
Walter and Charles Cottrell. and sister-in-
law of Bessie and Bett Cottrell, a native of
Point Arena. MendOClno County, aged 21 years 1
2 months and 1H days.
(CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 14'Xi'i Kearny street.
BROWN— In this city. June S. 1899, Mary Leon-
ard, wife of Thomas Brown, a native of Isle
Mackinaw, Mich., aged 71 years 1! mr.nths
and fl days.
C 7 Tb« fuuaral will take Dlace to-morrow .
(Sunday),' at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, ' 1019 Bush street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
CASTLE— In this city, June 9, 1899, Jessie Cas-
tle, dearly beloved mother of Lottie and
James Castle and Mrs. William Ormond, a
native of Scotland, aged 59 years 7 months
and 2S days. (Peoria, 111., papers please copy.)
• (r7"Frienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 459 Bryant street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
CRAMER— In this city, June 9. 1899, Kathar-
ine, beloved daughter of Bernard and the late
Katherine Cramer, and sister of the late
James Cramer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years and 4 months
CREQUE— In Claremont, Alameda County,
June 9, 1899, Julia Ann Fairchild Creque. a
native of New York, aged S4 years 8 months
and 2(.' days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
DE FREMERY— May 28, 1899, James de Frera-
ery, beloved father of James L. de Fremery
and Mrs. P. J. Van Loben Sels, a native of
Holland, aged 73 years.
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock,
from the family residence, 1305 Adeline street.
Oakland.
DUNLEVY— In this city, June 9, 1899. Agnes
R., beloved daughter of Captain A. J. Dun-
levy, and sister of Elizabeth R. and Wil-
liam Osbom Dunlevy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years and 3 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 12, 1599. at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 416 Page street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street, where a requiem
high muss will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNNE— In this city. June '.'. 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital, William L.. beloved son of
Mary A. Dunne, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 47 years.
ECKERT— In this city. June 9. 1599, Josephine.
beloved wife of A. Eckert, daughter of Mrs.
Elizabeth Brown, mother of Cora and Karl
Eckert, and sister of Frank, Perry and John
Brown and Mrs. A. S. Bllck, a native of
lowa, aged 34 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 8002 Twenty-second street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ELLERT— In this city, June 6, 1899, Minnie A.,
beloved wife of John A Ellert. mother of
Alton and Blanche Ellert, daughter of S. K.
Spears of Snelllng, Merced County, and sis-
ter of T. W. Standart of Lemoore, Kings
County, a native of California, aged 42 years
4 months and 5 days.
PViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1126 Turk street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
GAVIN— In this city. June 9. 1599, Bernard, be-
loved husband of Mary Gavin, a native of
Ireland, aged 58 years and 9 months.
$.y Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the United Un-
dertakers. 27 and "'.' Fifth street, thence to
St. Rosf-.'s Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hie
| soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GOE— In this city. June 9, 1599. Annie A., wife
of William Goe, and mother of George C.
and Charles A. Goe, a native of New York,
aged 58 years 4 months and 17 days.
GORDON— In this city, June 7, 1899, Grace Gor-
don, beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary S. and
the late Sheldon S. Gordon, and sister of
Charles Gordon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from McGinn's un-
dertaking parlors. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LICHT— In this city, June 8, 1899. Caroline, be-
loved wife of the late Edward Licht, a na-
. tive of Baden, Germany, aged 72 years 2
months and 6 days.
MANGELS— In Lorin. June 7. 1599, Chris, be-
loved husband of Cells Mangels, and father
of Christie and Rhoda Mangels, a native of
Germany, aged 39 years 10 months and 3 days.
A member of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215-, F.
: and A. M.. and Oakland Camp No. 94, Wood-
mi of the World.
tt^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Saturday), at - o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1624 Harmon street, Lorin. Services
■ under the auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No.
215, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city. June 8, 1899, Minnie,
beloved wife of Jacob Meyer, mother of
Harrie Meyer, and sister of Samuel, Fran-
cis, Mabel and Ida Raphael, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years 11 months and 15
: days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are reFp°ct-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. -■ '•'. McAllister street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
MORRILL— In Lafayette, Contra Costa County,
June 8. 1899, Frank A., beloved husband of
Lizzie Morrill, son of S. F. and Flora Mor-
rill, and brother of Hiram, Elmer, Ralph,
Ethel and Lloyd Morrill. a native of Oak-
land, aged 23 years 10 months and 10 days.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian "Church, Columbus avenue. Temescal.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
NELSON— In Concord, Cal., June 7. 1599, Lottie,
; beloved wife of H. J. Nelson, a native of
England, aged 57 years.
' PENNA— this city. June 8. 18», Fedela,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Penna. and
aunt of Mr. C. and Mrs. E. Pizochero, a na-
! tive of Italy, aged 48 years.
: ROACH— this city, June 8, 1599. Richard, be-
loved husband of Mary Roach, and father of
Mary. Kate. Annie and John Roach, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 46 years. (Fall River,
1 Mass., papers please copy.)
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Sunday;, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4S Ritch street, between Folsom and
Harrison, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROGERS— In Seattle. June 6, 1899, Robert Bol-
ton, beloved husband of Clotilde M. Rogers,
and son of Robert C. and the late Eliza H.
Roberts, a native of San Franc:-
tCT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at - o'clock, from the rooms of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. Elks,
223 Sutter street. .Interment private.
SCOULER— In this city, June 8, 1599, James,
dearly beloved husband of Lydia A. Scouler.
and father of James R., Benjamin. Edwin,
Robert and Jennie Scouler, Mrs. J. Mecredy.
Mrs. T. M. Millar and Mrs. F. J. Akers. a
native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 75 years 1
month and 26 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S3O Vallejo street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SIMES— In this city, June 7. 1899, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of William A. Simes, a native of
Virginia, aged 53 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Satuiday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission Btree"t. near Twenty-first.
STARK— In this city, June 9, 1599. Gracey. be-
loved daughter of William and Annie Stark,
and sister of William. Edward and Marie
St.irk. a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years
3 months and 9 days.
STELLING — In this city. June 9, 1899, Wil-
liam P., eldest and dearly beloved son of
Henry and Gretchen Stelling, and brother of
Henry L. Stelllng, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 2 months and 2 days
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his "parents, 2620 Howard street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Johannes Church, Twenty-second street,
near Howard, where funeral services will be
held. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city, June 7, 1899, Harry W.,
beloved husband of Ruth S. Taylor, and
lMher of James K. and Harry O. Taylor and
Mrs. Fannie L. Marsh, a native of Hallowell.
Maine, aged 7.". years 4 months and 23 days.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 410 Gottlneen street, corner Bacon.
University Mound Tract. Interment private.
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TORGERSEN— In this city. June 7, 1899. Eve-
lyn Birgitte, eldest child of Oluf B. and Ber-
tha E. Torgersen, aged 3 years and S months.
TWEEDIE— In this city, at St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, Edward, dearly beloved son of James and
Mary Tweedie, husband of the late Alice
Tweedie, brother of Mrs. O. H. Tremaine.
Mrs. Charlotte Smith and William Tweedle.
and brother-in-law of Daniel Tremaine and
J. F. Smith, a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land.
WAHNIG— In this city. Henry, beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Wahnig, .and brother
of Herman, Sophie, Lizzie. Freda and Roy
Wahnig, a native of Strausberg, Germany,
aged ia years and 9 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2816 Golden Gate avenue.
WALTER— In this city, June 9. 1599. Joseph
Stanley, only soil of Charles E. and Priscilia
Walter, and brother of May 1., Irene S. and
Ethel A. Walter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years 4 months and 21 days.
WATSON— In San Jose, Cai., June 9, 1899, Mrs.
Caroline 8., widow of Charles L. Watson.
(New York papers please copy.)
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WILSON— In this city. June 9, 1899. John Wil-
son, a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's I'nion
are respectfully invited to attend- the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
services will be held for the repose of his
soul at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
hfc.NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUl.Miit*,
10 Fifth st.. opposite Tilnoola a«Maa>
Stlethcas lout* U>
1314
SHIPWRECKED MARINERS
ARRIVE IN AN OPEN BOAT
Their Schooner Became Waterlogged and Tr;ey Had to Desert Y\er.
THE captain and oroiv or the imnwr
schooner Edward I'arke bave hail an
experience they never want to r<
While on their way to Grays
the vessel sprang a leak, and In spite of
I the men at th<
k up to 1 • ■ '• t'> be
ibandoned. The crew, seven m< n
took to the boats and after three weary
nights and days reached San Francisco
rday niun::
The crew of the Edward Parke were:
■ :.. captain; H. Magn
mate; ' ' P. Johnson, second m
ook, and A. Anderson, T. John
son and O. Johnson, seamen. She sailed
from San Francisco In ballast at l p. m.
on Jun«* I for Grays Harbor. "We had
fair weather cut over the bar and made
3s up to S p. m.," said Captain
Johnson yesterday. "At that time it De
pan to blow and a heavy cross sea began
to rauke trouble. We bucked Into 11 until
V.W a, m. <>n June 6 and then the s<
g a Leak.
••She must ha\ • been pretty
sprung, as she mai'.e water rapidly. All
hands went to the pumps and we worked
ATTRIDGE DENOUNCED.
Citizens Censure His Attitude To
ward Corporation Steals.
The Democratic olub of the Fourth Pre
of the Thirty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict met and permanently organized last
right at Silk's Hall in the Mission,
following officers were elected: William
Byrne, president; Thomas Minehan, first
Vice-president; Charles Veltch,
vice- third vice-presi
dent; J. Nolan, recording secretary;
Nicholas Wienholz, corresponding b< ■ re
tary; Charles Pet rson, treasurer, and
ge Kittles, Bergeenl-at-arms.
The club declared itself in favor of good
JJf*l \Z\ \\f 1 The manufacturers of Royal
Jyj |\ I 1 i%^ Baking Powder have always
C/ S declined to produce a cheap
J^n^^t/-! C&%& baking powder at the sacrifice
I 19W 1. I ? of quality or wholesomeness.
X \J ? T UVI The highest grade and most
7 1 "* /% f\ <&*& /\^^^l it highly refined ingredients only
|H| ill (I l| \\l I are employed in Royal; hence
M*df \j HA \3 JLJLa 1 its well known superiority.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmi^ m It is always the case that
■■■■.■»»—■■■ ! ! i«| the consumer suffers in pocket
# if not in health by accepting
rvOyal JDaking cheap powders as substitutes
Powder COStS for Royal Baking Powder.
only a fair price, The Ro^ al is made rom
and is cheaner pure grape cream of tartar *
anu lb Uieaper and is the embodiment of all
and better at ltS the excellence possible to be
price than any attained in the highest class
similar article in baking powder.
|"|l^ WOrlCl Avoid alum baking powders.
IJ.J.W TT V/l IV ** | They render the food unhealthful.
them for dear life. The water gained on
us inch by inch, however, and bj 11:45
i. m. on the 6th she was full up to the
decks. I then gave the order to take to
the boats, but before we could g
them the vessel rolled over on h i
board side. We all succeeded in
port boat, however, and as soon
away from the Bchooner she
i on an even keel again. Her
starboard rail was still under water and
rt rail was awash.
"When we abandoned th<
wen about eighty miles west-northwest
of San Francisco, so w< at once headed
■ ■ ■ ■ ; ten Gate. We had b< en
si to nothing In the way of pro
visions and nol one of us had saved n
Lhiny: of imr personal property except th*
clothe* we stood in. We determined
t 'j make the best . .f things, however, and
as 1 figured it would tak«- us threi
to reach San Franc Isco our provisions
were divided up accordingly.
"Luckily for us, "n the morning >»f the
7th inst. we run across the British ship
Sierra Nevada, outward bound with a
cargo of wheat for Europe. We went
, government and adopted resolutions
pledging support to James D. Phel
first Mayor of San Francisco under the
new charter. The following resolutions
were adopted:
Ived, That thia club hi I ■ tmends
if Mayor Phelan and Supervisors
Bylngton, Heyer, Lackmann and !'•■•
rault for their stand and efforts In defeating
1 the ..■ ■ . tas. wat< :
•s, who combined to plun
' dfr the city of Ha nFranclsco; and be it fur
: ther
Resolved. That wp particularly
own representative of the Eleventh Ward and
: brand ) im with public e< orn for his disl
; practici - elected bj betraying the
: dence of the voters of the Thirty-fifth District.
The incumbent officials now endeavoring
, to defeat the nfw charter came in for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1899.
alongside and the captain kindly supplied
us with water, canned goods, hard tark
and sume marmalade and other delicacies.
While we were alongside the ship the
cook sot his hands squeezed, but he waa
not seriously Injured and is now all right
again. Meeting that ship and getting
those supplies put heart Into us and we
came right along for San Francisco.
When the wind fell Hpht w»- took I
oars, and when there was .■■ good bi
v , rested. W< wen about seventy hours
in the open boat and, bar feeling a little
cramped and disgusted, we were all
right."
The men rowed their boat up the baj
. od stroke, and none of th< m
showed any Bign of weariness when they
landed at Clay-street wharf. Thej looked
weather-beaten, but every one ol them
expressed himself as feeling fust rate and
ready to go to sea again at once.
Th< Edward Park.- was built at Eureka
in 1877, and In spite of her age was con
sidered a seaworthy vessel. She was 10«
feet long 29 feet T Inches broad and 8 feet
7[] C hes deep. Robert Dollar was hi r
managing owner, but Captain Johnson
owned a "piece" of her. She was valued
nt *.-,umi and was injured for about $2500.
their share of censure In the following
resolution :
■ •]. That the Thirty-fifth Assemblj
District Democratic clubs denounce the offi
cials who are seeking to overthrow the new
charter unl assert that they should 1 n
rorthy ol confidence and not en
titled to further support from the
Sao Fran
■ ♦ »
Elks' Ladies' Night
Thft ladies' night which the Elks of San
Fran< Isco Lodge No. 3 exp ■•■'•• I lo ;mw. in
July will not be given until ilv- tarty par(
of September. The committee having
irge >>f ih»' :i ff ;> ir will arrtmge a flrst
class programme, that will bi nrcso-nttd
In the lodge's beautiful li.nl In i entral
block.
REACHED FOR
HIS GUN AS
IF TO SHOOT
Serious Charge of a
Police Officer.
ACCUSES SERGEANT BLANK
SAYS HE WAS DRUNK AT THE
Both Men Summoned to Appear Be
fore the Police Commissioners
at Their Next
Meeting.
Sergeant Blank of the Seventeenth-
Btreet station will In all probability be
called before the Police Commissioners at
tlielr next meeting to show cause
why he should not be dis
miss, 1 f TOm the force. Blank is
a personal friend of Dan Burns, and
through his efforts he was made tfergeant
ol police. He has frequently boasted that,
notwithstanding his shortcomings, Burns
would "fix" the Commissioners in case he
was brought before them. Now that a
flagrant case of exceeding his duty h;is
been called to the attention of the Police
Board, Blank is anxiously waiting for his
friend Burns to "square" him.
Several days ago Policeman Stanley, one
of the best known men In the department
had occasion to call the attention of Cap
tain Gillen to Blank's conduct Stanley
was patrolling the beat on Church street,
wh.-n he was approached by Blank, who
insultingly demanded to know why he had
not arrested an Italian storekeeper for
setting fire to some rubbish in front of
his place of business. Stanley replied that
he had not seen the flre, but premised to
make an Investigation.
"You're too fresh, anyway," hotly re
torted Blank. "I have blown my whistle
three times, but failed to lind you on your
beat."
Stanley replied that he heard the whistle
only once and wh< n he started to find
l?lank the latter had quickly disappeared.
"You mean to call me a liar?" Inquired
Blank, quivering with excitement and
placing his hand on his pistol.
"1 guess you an. looking for trouble,"
meekly replied Stanley, who is one of the
crack shots of the Seventeenth-street
station, "if I were to turn my gun loose
then- would lit a new s< rgeant In the
Mission."
Evidently determined to avoid trouble.
Stanley went to the nearest patrol box
and informed Captain <;illen of the hostile
demonstration <>f .Blank.
"Gel him away from me," declared the
officer, in a tone denoting .uiK'-r. "or one
of us will go to the Morgu< ."
Evidently apprehending serious trouble
between the t\\" men, Captain Glllen or
dered Stanley to lose no time in reporting
to the Seventeenth-street station. In a
few minutes Blank appeared and offered
his hand to Stanley. 'Die latter refused
to accept it and demanded of <'aj>tain
Glllen to prefer charges against Klank.
Hi declared that the sergeani was under
the Influence of liquor and offered to prove
by several responsible witnesses that In
stead '>»' attending to police business he
was drinking In a saloon contiguous to
where the trouble occurred. Captain
Gillen ill-- following day reported the facts
to chief Lees mid he ordered :i thorough
Investigation t" b< mad.-. To-day it is
expected formal charges will be preferreo
againsi Blank.
Stanley last nlghi visited police head
quarters and mad.' a statement of the
trouble between 'aim and Blank t" Chief
Lees.
STORY WAS TOO FISHY.
Ex-Treasuver of Sonoma County Re
buffed in the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court has sustained the
judgment of the lower court In the
of the County ol Sonoma against Peter
X. Stofen, ex-Treasurer of the county,
and his bondsmen to recover $7815 79, al
leged t<> have i d converted by him to
his own us.-. Stofen endeavored to prove
1 that he nad been robbed. His account ■ f
the a flair was that after he had op ned
tin- doors ■■!' th. vault and hid his hauls
filled with trays containing money he was
confronted by a man armed with a dag
ger, wiici ordered him to drop tin- trays.
Stofen said the stranger struck him .i
blow up- in the head, robbed him of n^
money and lucked him in the vault. Later
in the day the imprisoned Treasurer was
discovered by his wife.
The trial Judge rejected th:- evidence of
the robberj because of the fact that the
surroundings and general circumstances
were too suspicious, and that robbery was
simulated to hide a defalcation. The
higher court found no reason for dis-
I turbine th<> findings of the lower court.
Labor Council Edicts.
The Labor Council at its meeting last
nipht declared a boycott on the Techau
Tavern and on the San Pedro X I. dairy.
A committee consisting of M. Monaghan,
A. R. Andre, J. Spencer. I*. .1. Diets, >:.
Cohn and Ed Rosenberg reported that
final arrangements had been made for the
holding of a mass meeting next Wednes
day evening at Metropolitan Hall for the
purpose of denouncing the Governor of
Idaho for his actions In the late trouble
in that State.
The delegate from the Musicians' Union
requested the council to notify the Fourth
of July committee to employ none but
union musicians at the general parade, as
also during the evening.
A legal opinion was furnished the coun
cil by .lames G, Maguire of the firm of
Maguire & Gallagher to the effect that
the eight-hour law applies to all labor
performed on the United States troop
ships in their fitting out in port. With
this opinion, it was stated. Colonel Long
agreed, and that he would in the future
see that it was carried out.
Further time was granted the executive
committee to make arrangements with the
Park Commissioners ana the contractors
having the dredgers at work at the Oak
land ("reek, where it was stated the elKht
hour law is being violated.
Democratic Club Meets.
A meeting of the Thirty-fourth Assem
bly District Democratic Club was held
last night in Mission Opera Hall, 2131 Mis
sion street. John H. Hansen acted as
president and J. E. O'Brien aq secretary.
The meeting was addressed by the Hon.
Henry C. Gesford. Further meetings o"
this club will take place every Thursday
evening. The next meeting will be ad
dressed by the Hon. Frank H. Gould.
Colored Democrats.
At a meeting of the Colored Central
Democratic Club held at Apollo Hall, Pa
cific street, John A. Barber called the
meeting to order. The following officers
were then elected: J. A. Barber, presi
dent; John M. Patterson, secretary. B.
Dodson addressed the meeting on the is
sues of the coming primary and advised
all colored Democrats to join their dis
trict clubs. After a few remarks by oth
ers the meeting adjourned to the call of
the chair.
Courts and Visits.
High Chief Ranger M. Boehm will this
evening Institute a new court of the An
cient Order of Foresters in Oakland, and
John Falconer, permanent secretary, will
this evening also institute a new court at
Rio Vista. The high chief ranger will on
Tuesday next pay an official visit to the
court at Cordelia, .on Wednesday he will
go to the court In Merced, on Thursday
to the one in La Grange and on Friday
to the one in Coulterville.
■ m ■
The famous old JESSi. Mnnpp WHISKY It
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal tine because It Is pur*.
Escape of a Smuggler.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday Ig
nored the charge of smuggling pre
ferred against Andrew Rose. Rose was a
Bailor, and wan caught coming down the
gang plank of a Government transport
with 100 smuggled Manila cigars stuffed
into hie Btoekingß. The Jury thought the
week's Imprisonment In the County Jail
had been sufficient punishment for the
mohmJ
WILL REVIVE
THE GOOD OLD
PALMY DAYS
Miller and His Great
Company Here.
REPERTOIRE OF NEW PLAYS
TEN WEEK SEASON OF BRIL
LIANT SUCCESSES.
Rare Opportunity to Sample What
Has Only Been Offered in Lon
don and New
York.
Henry Miller and his band of famous
players got in yesterday morning, mak
ing the. run from New Fork straight
through, with only one stopover at Salt
l.ak>\ where a performance of "The
Lla is" was given.
The city of the Mormons, "the dog" on
which the company tried its tirst com
bined strength, proved a most enthusi
astic canine, and the play and the people
were given one great, barking welcome.
The advent of Mr. Miller and his play
ers for a ten weeks' season at the Co
lumbia, beginning on Monday evening, is
a managerial experiment, that the thea-r
ter goers of this city will most certainly
profit by.
Mr. Charles Krohman presents in this
way the very latest successes, plays that
have never been seen outside of New
York with a company, the like of which
in the ensemble New York lias never seen,
and all at. a reasonable cost to the man
agement. Heretofore each play was
brought out with the original company
and the run of ::'» ! " miles was only broken
by a stay in Chicago, with no dates what
soever between the Windy City and here.
The expense thus incurred was enormous
and even a tremendous business proved
Inadequate to balance accounts.
The present Bcheme "t Krohman's is
only feasible during the summer, when
the theatrical season is at a discount In
the East, thus permitting the banding to
gether of notable people willing to lend
their strength and talent to a perfect en-
Bemble.
Miller came in fresh and vigorous from
his Journey, with the determination to do
and win if good work, attention and tal
ent rightly directed can score. The plan
of the season is Millers. Prohman is the
backbone that makes the actor's Ideas
possible.
"We have an excellent company," Baid
Mr. Miller, "and we hope to deserve suc
cess. We will preseni the latest dramatic
successes, plays that have never in en
done outside of London and New York.
Further than that, we will produce
"Brother Officers," the latest London suc
cess, that won't be done in New York
until next season. We open in "The
Liars" with a wonderful cast, and no part
has been considered too Insignificant for
any of the big people in our company.
The repertoire tor our season Includes be
sides our opening play: "Lord and Lady
Algy," "The Adventures of Lady Ursula,"
a revival oi my first year's success;
"Heartsease," "One Summer's Day,
Phroso*, "Julius Caesar" and "Hamlet.
Mr. Miller, who by the way started his
career in the legitimate field with Ade
laide Neilson, has for years secretly been
cherishing the desire of appearing as the
melancholy I »ane.
"When 1 was Ij, " said the actor. "I
knew every line of 'Hamlet' and have
be< si turning it over in my mind ever
Blnce. To me 'Hamlet' represents the
greatest form of the poetic drama."
In Mr. Millet's company are E. J. Mor
gan, the Lyceum favorite; Margaret Ang
lin. the original Roxanne in Mansfield s
production >>f "Cyrano de Bergerac"; Guy
Standing and Blanchi Burton, favorites
of the Empire Company; Earl Brown and
Margaret Dale, who were out here lasi
P .'.-on with Mr. MilbT. and the valued
Lyceum actors. Mrs. Thomas Whlffen and
Charles Walcot.
Miss Anglin, the leading lady of the or
ganization, is a stranger <m this coast.
She has scored tremendous successes In
the East, notably with Sothern in "Lady
t'rsuln." Nevertheless she is aa nervous
a< a school yiii over her Rrsi appearance
in this city.
"In New York tiny t • •1 • i me you San
Franciscans are so hard to please that I
ana frightened hair to death," said the
lady. "The only thing thai keeps me
alive is what your Blanche Bates told
me before leaving: 'Do your best, she
said: 'at home we appreciate and when
we admire oh!" "
AMATEURS AT BAT.
Crocker School Team to Play the Co
lumbia Park Club.
A game of baseball will be played at
Mechanics' institute grounds, Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, at - o'clock this aft
ernoon, when the team from Crocker
School, winners of. tins year's tournament
of the Grammar School Athletic Club, Will
play i h<- team which represents the Col
-1 umbls Park Hoys' Clud. The game is
sanctioned by the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation, and both teams represent the
highesi standard of baseball as played by
boys. A trophy lias been given by Mr.
Backmann, president of the Pacific Ath
letic Association, to become the property
of the team winning the first three games.
The meeting of the winners of the Gram
mar School Athletic Club and the Colum
bia Park Hoys' dub team will hereafter
become an annual event. The teams will
play as follows:
Columbia Park. Position. Croeßer.
McKay Pitcher Idams
OoMblatt Catcher iiink
I Healey Fim base Bevlna
Klein Second base Undy
K i \i Tliir.l base Keefei
York? Shortstop Dunn
Tlglie I>ft field Felrtmann
Murphy ("enter field Cavanauph
Flyman Rlg-ht fipld ifadfnfpMt
lianlon Extra Iddlsdn
ROCKEFELLER IN TOWN
The Standard Oil Magnate and Party
Arrive From Yosemite.
John D. Rockefeller, whose manipula
tion of Standard Oil has piled him up
mighty millions, arrived In this city yes
terday. He was accompanied by the mem
bera of his family and a large number' of
New York and Philadelphia friends. The
party is traveling in its own Wagner cars
and has spent the past two weeks in the
Yosemite Valley.
Mr. Rockefeller will not remain much
longer on the coast.
Tnose who make up the party are Miss
Rockefeller. John D. Rockefeller Jr.. Mrs
William Rockefeller, Miss Edith Rocke
feller. Mrs. Baird and Miss Bond of Phil
adelphia; Miss Swift of New York, Dr.
H. P. Bipgar of Cleveland, E. S. Ballance
of New York and Rev. \Y. S. Rioiiardson
of New York.
Herbert Kelcey,
Sammy Braunhart, Professor Haskell
of Berkeley, the University and Bo
hemian clubs' poker games, Charley-
Baldwin, Paris Kllburn, the Cosmos
Club receive the amusing attention of
the Looker-On in to-day's News Letter.
Dr. Coyle, General Dickinson, Senator
Bulla, Governor Gage and others fill
the Crier's column; good stories, edi
torials on Mrs. Stanford's gift, polyga
my, the '"Pugilists on Paper," Zola's
triumph, etc., make up interesting
opinion; full social news, dramatic and
book reviews, complete a very breezy
and instructive number. To-day's
News Letter.
Costs of the Railroad Grain Cases.
The matter of settling the costs in the
case of the Southern Pacific Company vs.
the State Board of Railroad Commission
ers was on the calendar of the T'nited
States Circuit Court yesterday mornine
and was continued until next Monday at
10 a. m. Attorney General Ford Vas
present on behalf of the State and no
opposition was made to the going over of
the cases.
Souvenir Mailing Cards, showing view*
around the city, 25c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher, E. H. fllitcht II
225 Post street. San Francisco. • '
Hales. I . Hales.
X Stark's X
v orchestra /
\ \.\J-\lCM.j' • Only two more concerts by Prof. C
C Ferdinand Stark's orchestra. He leaves San Francisco \
1 shortly for the East. The programme to-day is as follows : (
Programme.
D 1.-March. "Gilly, Gaily. Gee" Wilklna r
C Overture, "Le Lac dcs Fees .......Auber V
J 3"_"Badinage" •■;,• • Herbert ?
* 4 - Waltz "Glocken Slgnale • ...Strauss T
I s_- Alia 'Polacca de la Serenade ..Beethoven *
V 6-Selection, "Pagliacci" Leoncavallo \
S 7— "Seventh Regiment"... •• Never f
C -Overture, ••William Tell" Kosslnl C
V^ 9.-"Marche'Alla Turka" „• wl'wtS
- ? Waltz, "Remembrance \\al>iteuf>l r
V Popular Airs '.'".".'.".'.'.'.'.'.'. *iacni«! \
12.— Finale
C New gloves and veilings. i
% New Vellinm-Swell new lot just arrived, consisting of plain and **
i 'donee T«fd«. 8 Hus.ian an.l l B ru r l. net.^enille dotted chiffon.. \
i some of the very newest effects ,n all .ttu shad« _ )
A Our Famous' » 50*8"ciaap Hte. jouvan French Kid Gloves. This is f
J ?hemo«T^)PUlarand the best wearing kid glove that, we have been C
S ■ he to gSt It is certainly the best $1 60 glove in the market to-day. \
C - We have them in all the new Parisian ladings, in «very size... V
T^ i?i..»u a pair ■
T^mhsuin'oVo'ves' for inissee 2-clasp lambskin gloves, with Bilk em-
J Wered "back .In fa" brown, navy, green or red $1.00 a pair \
C CnamoTs Outing Gloves, this is the very time in the year you want 3
X th™ P asnv washed always clean, neat and pretty. Two-clasp, with f
J enamllgsp to match the C
C '« All gloves purchased from Hale's from »1 up fitted, guaranteed, J
I cleaned and mended free as many times as you ask. *
J Vacation millinery. IS
Vacation millinery. X
gr Sailor Hats: rough and ready outing straws prettily trim with f
\ fancy net. flowers and wings; a Jaunty little affair for the vacati. .-, V*
/ trip , 91.50 tO $2.00 eacii
C<'hlldren : ' Leghorn Rose Hats, daintily trimmed with chiffon ani ■,
ribbon, lust what you want for summer J?1.OO Bach £
\ Dress Hats; big reduction on all lines of dress hats: wearing time la
J now; buying time is passing. We must cut the price before the de- r
C niand ceases. Better lose a little now than more later. Good hats to V
f choose from at $2.00, S?.1.OO, $4.00 and $5.00 each
i Visit our Ladies' Parlor, a resting place for Saturday ehopera. i
p Outer garments for vacation. * f
C White Pique Skirts; a reduction just at the height of the season; bet- V^
/ ter sell at a little loss now than a bigger loss later. Tailor-made, gf
m perfect fit, swell little garments in a swell cut. the $4 and $6 ones for ■
/ 92.05. the $3 50 ones $2.75 \
C Duck Skirts— blue or cadet; neat little separate skirt trimmed. \
with three rows of braid, Wull tailor finish. This skirt hangs perfect- f
1 1\ ; bought to sell at $2 7. and $3, closing them out at $2.25 each, f
Jf Tan Covert Cloth Jackets, full tailor finish, fly front and lined X
£ throughout with silk; a good, serviceable little jacket, just the thing for
N^ your vacation M .......... .....w.... $5.00 f
\ .^^— *z^jGoan good&s^ house. V
H. S. FOOTE OUT FOR
COURT COMMISSIONER.
If Appointed He Will Have All
the Chinese Cases.
Plan of the Coolie Brokers to Flood the
Country With Alleged Native-Born
Mongolian Citizens.
S[NCE the dismissal of Chief Meredith
of the Chinese Bureau the Chinese
brokers have not been able any long
er to secure copies of the transcripts
of the statements of Chinese Immigrants
.in the steamers made to members of the
Chinese Bureau, and they have been put
ting their heads together to devise some
other means of, landing their coolie chat
tels. It was necessary to obtain these
transcripts in order that the testimony
of the witnesses secured in Chinatown by
the brokers' bureau should correspond and
be consistent with that of the immigrant
as taken down by the shorthand reporter
of the bun an. otherwise the discrepancy
would be fatal to their case.
There Is now on foot a scheme whereby
immigrants may be landed easily by the
usual perjured evidence, and that is to
provide that there shall be only one ex
j amlnation, and that before the United
States Court Commissioner. In order to
accomplish this end a movement has bien
started to test the right of the, Chinese
Bureau to examine or pass upon the
claims for admission of Chinese alleging'
themselves to be native-born. An argu
ment has been made to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and It is a plausible one,
that the exclusion act relates only to ;.a-
I tives of China, and that it cannot legally
! govern the going or the coming of na
tives of tue United States. Hence, it is
argued, although the immigrant be clad
in Chinese costume and speak no lan
guage but Chinese: if he makes claim that
he is an American citizen by virtue of
his birth the exclusion act cannot be ap
plied to him. It will be the" duty of the
Collector of the Port to pass him insidj
tlie gates or to exclude him on the ground
that his assertion of nativity is not be
lieved. In the former case the immigrant
will be arrested by members of the Chi
nese Bureau for being illegally within the
United States and he will have the right,
claiming citizenship, of an appeal to the
local United States courts on writ of
habeas corpus. Then he will go before a
United States Commissioner with his wit
nesses and prove his nativity if he can.
Should he be excluded in the first place
by the Collector he can invoke the writ of
habeas corpus as an American citizen, as
he does now, and appear before the Com
missioner. In either case the bureau will
not have any record of statement made
by him to be contradicted by his wit
nesses.
This law point was brought up in the
Dick Williams case two years ago by
Lyman I. Mrvwry, the acknowledged au
thority on Chinese exclusion law. Mr.
Mowry argued on that occasion that the
Immigrant, if an American citizen, could
not cnme under the exclusion act. no mat
ter what might be his garb or speech.
The fact that he claimed to he a native
of this country was all that was required.
The truth or falsity of the statement of
the immigrant could be determined only
upon habeas corpus proceedings. The
court did not pass upon the point because
it was not considered relevant to the issue
then pending before the court. There
seems to be much merit in the contention
of Mr. Mowry from a technically legal
point of view, and it is this proposition
taat is now being laid before the Secre
, tary of the Treasury in Washington by
' Interested persons.
Another snag in the way of the coolie
importers has been and is United States
Court Commissioner Heacock. Judge
s Heacock himself cross-examines the China
man who claims to be a Yankee, and in
I nine cases out of ten he has been able by
\ a very few questions to determine whether
i the witnesses have lied or whether they
. have told the truth. Hence it is the pur
\ pose of the ring to avoid Judge Heacock
claiming to be native Americans, the
great obstacle of two conflicting state
ments as f?o the same acts having been
removed.
Ex-United States District Attorney
Henry S. Foote has filed an application
with United States District Attorney
Coombs for the position of United States
Court Commissioner. '-This is an appoint
ment solely in the hands of United States
District Judge de Haven. He may ap
point as many as he pleases, there being
no salary attached to the office, the emol
ument of the incumbent being 1 obtained in
fees. It is the intention of the coolie ring,
should Mr. Foote or any other person re
ceive the appointment, to bring all their
habeas corpus cases before the new Com
missioner, no matter who he may be.
This is not assuming that Judge Footra,
If he were appointed, would be more
lenient toward the immigrants than Judg*
Heacock. It would be simply a measure
<>f revenge against Judge Heacock for
preventing the illegal landing of Chinese.
There is no necessity for an additional
Commissioner. Judge Heacock has thirty
cases on his calendar awaiting trial, and
they will be disposed of whenever the at
torneys are ready to come into court.
The delay is in the Chinese bureau, which
has now eleven members and which is
away behind in its work. A prominent
Chinese lawyer remarked recently that two
inspectors and an interpreter some yeara
ago did more work than the entire eleven
are now doing.
A Strayed Dove Captured.
A stray carrier pigeon, that may be of
much value to some one, waa capture. l
by \V. H. Cain of College City, Cal., a
few days ago and will be held until an
owner claims it. In a communication re
ceived from Mr. Cain he states th;
bird came to his place about May 3" and
remained there several days. An exam
ination showed that it wore a small sil
ver band on one of its legs with the let
ters F. A. L. engraved thereon, and ho
caged it. thinking it might be valuable.
A number is also inscribed, but it has
been worn off. A communication sent to
College City will result in the bird's
speedy return to its owner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mum MPUIiB IBft BBS &S iK^Bl
FOR TO-DAY ONLY I
Granulated (Best Cane) Sugar— 2o IDs $1.00
Eastern Creamery Butter .....30c
Take advantage. Regular 35c square.
Best Ranch Eggs • 20c
Regular -•""'.
Lea & Perrin's (Genuine) sauce 20c
Regular 23c.
Grape-Nuts 12^'e
Regular 15c.
Fruit (Raspberry, strawberry, etc.) syrups 25c
Regular 35c Bottle.
Eastern (Sugar-Cured) Hams He
Regular i.'>'.'. ■':■'.'•"'."■'.
Sliced (Extra Choice) Peaches— 3 cans 25c
Delicious with cream. Regular 15c.
Camping orders tilled nt short notice i,
and shipped free of charge.
1348=1354 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Seventh Street.
Phone 5. 292. No Branch Stores.