VOLUME LXXXYI-KO. 22.
WILL SEND MORE TROOPS
TO SOUTH AFRICA.
ENGLAND TO BE READY FOR WAR
The Natal Cadets, Who Will Probably Go to Fight the Boers.
LONDON, June 22— The Dally Mail
fays this morning that the im
perial Government has practi
cally decided upon a gradual re
inforcement of the British troops
uth Africa by a total increase of
lo.oon men.
OXFORD, Kngland. June 21— The
honorary degree of doctor of civil law
was conferred to-day upon General
Lord Kitchener of Khartoum. Cecil
Rhodes, the Earl of Elgin and others.
l*he greatest interest was taken in the
WILL MAKE
STARTLING
REVELATIONS
Casimir-Perier +o Show the
Hand of Germany in the
Dreyfus Affair.
BpecUJ Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 22.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
pays: The Austrian War Office has
learned that the evidence of M. f"asi
mlr-Perler upon the Dreyfus trial will
be startling. It will be shown that he
holds the key to the affair, which has
hitherto been withheld in order to pre
vent a serious conflict between France
and Germany.
M. Casimir-Perier will depose that a
Gorman official of high social and mili
tary rank confidentially gave the
French Government the information
which led to the arrest of Dreyfus, but
stipulated for silence as to th^ inform
ant's name. Now M. Casimir-Perier
will declare all.
BKfcM. juit l li.— Aamirai tsarrera
saya the French cruiser Sfax, with
DreyfUH on board, cannot be expected
here before June 20 or 27.
PARIS, June 21.— Madame Drey
fus has started for P.ennes.
There waa a wild rumor in
-troulatlon yesterday that f\iptaln
Dreyfus had died on board the Sfax.
I the conflicting reports it is Im
possible t" arrive at the truth as to the
cruiser's movements.
M. Quesnay de Reaurepaire de
nounces the alleged plan >if thf Dupuy
fnvprnment to desist from the prosecu
tion of Dreyfus, so as to pet the case
dismissed on condition that Dreyfus
secretly resigns his. commission on the
t the trial and quits the country
directly afterward.
The national defense group of Depu
ties met list night and voted in favor
nf an entirely open and public trial.
Thus, both revisionists and anti-revl-
Fionistß are against f^oi
General Laroque, director of artil
n the Ministry of Marine, has been
placed under rigorous arrest. It ap
i that General T^aronue has often
differed from M. Lockroy, Minister of
Marine, on technical subjects, resem
bling in this particular Vice Admiral
Cavalier de Cuverville, recently chief
nf the naval Btaff. whom M. Lockroy
ordered to transfer his command to
Rear Admiral Mallarme in consequence
if a letter he had written to a Deputy
-ritielzinff the "constant fued existing
between the Ministers Of War. Marine
T.d the Colonies."
lie had heard that M. Lnckmy in
tended to place him upon the. retired
list, and thereupon sent the following
telepram to the President: "General
Laroque protests energetically against
the decree prepared by th^ Minister of
Marine piecing him upon th*» retired
list Th~ decree Is based upon untrue
issertions."
High Jinks and Banquet
STOCKTON, June 21.— Stockton Council
No. 6, Young Men's Institute, held an un
usually Interesting meeting .thin evening.
Grand President Samuel Hnsklns and
..Orand Director dairies P. Foley were
I present. There were several initiations
and the ceremonies were followed by a
high Jlnkß and musical concert. At th*
banquet table there were oratory and
food cheer. The pood of tha order wai
the uppermost topic and many pood aug-
Bcstlona were offered to that end. .-■;, .
The San Francisco Call.
event, owing to the opposition of a
number of the deans to conferring a
degree upon Mr. Rhodes on account of
his connection with the Jameson raid
in the Transvaal.
The thentp" s thronged and there
was an imposing procession from Cor
pus Christl jColleg* to the theater, the
now doctors wearing their robes and
General Kitchener going in uniform
with his medals and other decorations.
The undergradi ates gave the general
and Mr. Rhodes a wildly enthusiastic
reception, and both of them were given
MINING AT
THE BOTTOM
OF A RIVER
Divers Taking Gold From
the Sacramento at
Redding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 21.— A novel method
'. ot gold hunting has Just been Instituted
within the city limits of Redding. Fred
Honle, Charles Weils and Samuel Cul
len, professional divers from Port Hu
■ ron, Mich., have located a claim on the
bottom of the Sacramento River. They
; have a scow anchored In the center of
i the stream. A ladder reaches to the
bottom. The gold hunters £o down In
full diving costume. The river is thirty
feet deep at this point and so swift
that the divers have to wear heavy
weights at the waist and on their feet.
< iperations were begun yesterday. A
!:iy' j r of gravel from six inches to sev
eral feet deep was found on the bot
tom. Gold is deposited on the bedrock
. beneath. Yesterday twenty-nine small
pieces of gold were found.
The divers found a large crevice,
which they will thoroughly explore.
They are highly pleased with the pros
, pects. If indications continue ma
chinery working on the suction prin
i ciple will be brought from the East
;tnd installed in the river.
WATER COMPANY'S LAND
IS SOLD AT AUCTION
Mortgage for a Hundred Thousand
Dollars Is Foreclosed at
San Jokp
SAX .7OSE, June 21.-The Citizens 1
WatT Company, which was organizer!
irs ago with a capitalization of
1500,000, and promised cheaper wat»r rales
for this city, passed out of a lethargic
business life :tt a Sheriff sale on the
Courthouse steps this morning. At its mm
m the company purchased ",2*) acres
of land from Friaco Fisher at the Twelve-
Mile House, south of h<>re. On thla was a
lagoon with a good water supply, several
wells were sunk and some preliminary
work was done. Rights-of-way for s*v
era! miles were obtained and work com
m< need on ditches and flumes. Several
suits had to be brought for rights-of-way
and these blocked progress. An appeal
made to the citizens of San Jose for
contracts at about one-half the rates of
the Ban Jose Water Company, but few
wore received,
The promoters of the company were all
San Francisco capitalists, headed by E.
H. Wheeler. They became tired of the
enterprise and abandoned it. A mortgage
of Jmi.iKHi had been given to Fisher when
the land was purchased. Neither the
principal nor interest has been paid.
To-day the land and rights-*, f-way of
the company were Fold by Under Sheriff
Yarcoe to satisfy a foreclosure of the
mortgage. The principal, interest and
costs amounted to $10.", 252 25, ana the
property was bought In by Fisher for this
amount.
It is rumored that the West Coast
Water Company, which was recently or
ganized by th> Claytons, will succeed the
Citizens' Water Covipany and obtain the
property and rights-of-way from Fisher.
This company ha? been making efforts to
nrocure additional rlghts-of-way.
NORMAL ALUMNI TO
INVESTIGATE RUMORS
Character of the New President of the
San Jose Institution
Assailed.
SAN JOSE, Juno 21.— At a meeting of
the Normal School alumni this evening It
wns said rumors affecting the character
and competency of James McNaughton,
the newly elected president of the
school, wero afloat. A committee, con
sisting of A. H. Suzzalo and J. Q. Jury.
was appointed to investigate the matter.
SAN FRANCISCO. THURSDAY, JUKE 22, 1899.
the -istomary good-humored chaff. A
couple of students threw down their
gowns for Mr. Rhodes to walk over.
After the i^rpmnny General Kitch
ener and Mr. Rhodes were seated near
the Duke and Duchess of York. Mr.
Rhodes was greeted with cries of "How
About Kruger?" "Don't look bored,"
"What is the price of Chartereds?"
General Kitchener was greeted with
cries of "Venl, Vldi. Viol." The stu
dents also sang "He's a Jolly Good Fel
low" In honor of the general.
FRAUDULENT
MINING DEALS
IN ARIZONA
Governor Murphy Issues a
Letter Warning In-
vestors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 21.— Governor
X. O. Murphy has issued a circular let
ter warning investors against fraudu
lent copper m. ing companies which
are operating in Arizona. He names
the "Val Verde Copper Company, whose
r-.<- -Tioc: a .-p f or ty miles north of Wil
liams. This company claims to be on
the sam« vein as the great United
Verde copper mine, which is 100 miles
south. Of er claims are made which
appear ridiculous when the true condi
tions are known. A mining expert was
sent to examine the claims and he says
the ores* contain no more than 1 per
cent copper and are contained in a sur
face layer of lim stone, copper carbon
ate appearing in this formation In
pockets, with no veins at all appear
ing in the development.
The speculation in copper has opened
a great many good copper mines in
Arizona, and unscrupulous operators
have chosen this territory for their field
of operation. The Spenazuma Mining
Company was exposed by George H.
Smalley, mining editor of the Arizona
Republican of Phoenix, and his report
revealed such a barefaced fraud that
Governor Murphy felt It was his duty
to examine officially Into the operations
of other companies whose claims were
reported of doubtful value.
In his letter warning investors Gov
ernor Murphy named the United Verde
Junior Company, the United Verde Ei
• tension Company and the Spenazuma.
1 The former two companies own claims
near the United Verde mine at. Jerome.
He says that stocks have been sold on
false **»- tions and the confidence
: of Investors in Arizona mines is threat
■ ened with ruin In his letter Governor
| - «... ye;
"Such scheme? .vork incalculable in
jury to the legitimate mining Interests
of Arlona an 1 they deserve the severest
condemnation."
In an Interview with The Call cor
>ndent C.< vernor Murnhv said It
i .„„ -=,t ar • f,i] t o him to be compelled
\ to Invite public attention to such mat
j *c-~ '^t he did it In the interest of
; honest mining, 'o pave investors from
i loss I to pro*"-* **»• charact- of
| Arizona. .
Big Crop on Flood Land.
STOCKTON. June 21.— One of the most
remarkable wheat crops of the year will
; come from what is known as the Bell-
Fabian tract n"ar Hethoney, in this
county. The land has hardly been free
, from periodical Inundation for twenty
years. Last September there was water
! nil over the section whore the crop is now
1 nonring harvest. After the water receded
j disk harrows were sent and after scratch-
Ing the surface the grain was sowed,
comparatively speaking on the damp sur
i face. All kind? of predictions were made
| about the seed rotting before It could
take root, but instead It sprang up and
from the flr«t advanced more rapidly than
the carefully cultivated crops. It is esti
mated that the 3400 acres will produce
I 40.000 sacks of grain, a fortune to the own
ers for their small outlay and little
trouble.
Preseo" Picneer Dies.
PRESCOTT, June 21.— John Ralble. one
of Prescott's oldest and most prominent
citizens, died this morning of dropsy, aged
64 years. He had resided here since the
town wa« laid out and held Beveral oosl
tlons of trust.
EVEN WHITE
WOMEN ARE
NOT SAFE
Serious Charge Against Ne
gro Troops Sent to Per
secute Union Miners.
MILITARISM IN IDAHO
Orders of the Secretary of War
Ignored and Prosecution of Labor
Organizations Continues
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The order of Secretary of War
Alger to General Merr/am to permit
subordinate commanders to take
no part in the Coeur d'Alene
troubles other than assist the lo-
cal authorities to preserve the
peace has, apparently, had little
effect upon the military gentlemen
who are overturning the cons/titu
tion in Idaho.
The latest outrage consists in
insults offered by the troopers in
blue to white women, instituting a
reign of such nameless terror as
to make men's blood boil.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 21.—
The prosecution of members
of labor organizations still
continues. Despite the fact
that the Secretary of War
has Issued orders that United States
troops can be used only to suppress
riot the military authorities are doing i
their utmost to drive every sympa
thizer with unionism out of the State. |
The Hunter mine, owned by St. Paul
parties, has been running for several
days with union men. Yesterday the
superintendent was told that if he did
not compel his men to sign the infa
mous permits he would be thrown into
the "bull pen." He defied the military
and declared that he would never ask !
a. man in his employ to sign such a i
document. His incarceration is hourly
expected.
Lieutenant Lyons, who is stationed at j
Burke in command of a company of j
negro soldiers, is especially autocratic.
He not only refuses to allow men to j
seek employment until they secure per
mits, but compels union members of |
the Cooks' Union to prepare meals for
non-union men at the point of the bay
onet. ■
His soldiers are accused of insulting
white women and the community about
Burke is in a state of terror occasioned
by the conduct of his troops. The pro
gramme of the Governor and mine
owners, published nearly a month ago,
is being carried out. \
France, the acting Sheriff and em
ploye of the Bunker Hill Company,
packed the Grand Jury with pronounced
anti-union men. even summoning one
of his own deputies. The indictments
returned by this Grand Jury implicate j
less than one hundred persons, yet over
two hundred men. whose cases were in
vestigated by this fixed Jury and
against whom no indictments were re
turned, are still confined in the bull
pen.
A case of smallpox has developed in
a house not one hundred feet from
where the men are confined, and should
it attack those In the prison the death
rate "would be enormous as there are
no facilities for coping with the disease.
Prisoners in the pen are subjected to
the most inhuman abuse. They are
constantly sworn at and reviled by
thHr negro guards, and the food fur
nished is of a disgusting character. A
diary- kept by one of the prisoners says
that nearly all the moat furnished is
decayed and worm-eaten. The County
Commissioners are still kept in prison,
although no indictments have been
found against them, and Sinclair openly
boasts that he keeps them Imprisoned
simply because he chooses to and has
the power.
The Commissioners are highly re
spected throughout the county and can
prove beyond question that they were
at their homes on the days of the riot.
That the military are being kept here
for the sole purpose of destroying the
miners' unions and intimidating all
persons in sympathy with organized
labor is now not denied, and it is openly
boasted by deputies in the employ of
the mine owners that everything has
been fixed "all the way at present" to
keep the soldiers here as long as the
Governor desires.
FATHER McKINNON'S PLANS.
Chaplain Will Not Return With the
First California.
RIO VTSTA. June 21.— Rev. W. D. Me-
Kinnon, captain and choplain, First R-p
--initiit, California Volunteers, stationed at
Manila, in a private letter to a resident at
tl is place says that he ran never hope to
be Blshon of Manila. The reverend gen
tleman writes that a Spanish paper pub
lished In Manila save him the first news
In regard to the proposed appointment.
Father McKinnon already has been the
recipient of many congratulations from
both native and foreign residents of Man
ila, who believe he would make an Ideal
Bishop.
It is also understood that Father Mc-
Kinnon will not return with his regiment
to California, but will remain, at the re
quest of General Otis, in charge 'if the
schools and cemeteries of the island of
Luzon.
Sonoma Old Timer Gone.
SANTA ROSA, June 21.— Thomns Nel
son Irwln, who came to this State in
ISSO and settled at the mines of El Do
rado County, died to-night at his nnme
near this city. He was one of the oldest
Eioneers of Sonoma County, having lived
ere continuously for forty-seven years,
lie was a native of Tennessee.
CHAMBERS AND KAUTZ ARE
SUSTAINED.
COMMISSION ENDS SAMOAN DISPUTE
APIA, Samoa, June 14 (via Auckland, N. Z., June 21). — Mataafa has surrendered 1850 rifles,
and the loyalists have given up 2000. After June 20 a heavy penalty will be enforced upon
natives found with rifles in their possession. Mataafa promised to turn in more weapons.
The natives have returned to their homes.
Malietoa Tanu was recognized as king by the Commissioners of the three powers, and the
decision of Chief Justice Chambers in the matter of the kingship was proclaimed valid and bind
ing. Malietoa Tanu then abdicated in favor of the Commissioners, who appointed a provisional
government, consisting of the Consuls of the three powers, empowering a majority to act in all
cases where unanimity is not required by the Berlin treaty.
Chief Justice Chambers continues to hold office, and the various municipal officials are con
firmed. Dr. Wilhelm Solf has been authorized to act as president of the municipality of Apia. The
Commissioners expect to leave on June 28, but they have requested Chief Justice Chambers to re
main. The report recommends the abolition of kingship and the presidency of Apia and the ap
pointment of a Governor, with a Legislative Council consisting of three nominees of the inter
ested powers, assisted by a native House.
Under this scheme the Governor would have a veto over general and municipal laws; tfie
nominees would be the department heads; consular, diplomatic and judicial functions would be
abolished: revenue would be raised by an increase of duties and poll tax; the jurisdiction of the
Supreme Court would be increased, the municipality, under a Mayor and council, would be ex
tended, and the postoffice would be under the general government.
The British cruiser Porpoise, Captain Sturdee, left, via Fiji, on June 8.
Apia and the country roundabout are resuming normal conditions. Americans and British
express satisfaction at the decision of the Commissione rs.
Among the Germans it is rumored that Dr. Solf will be the administrator in the new native
government.
KAUTZ AND FLAGSHIP PHILADELPHIA
ARRIVE FROM SAMOA.
ADMIRAL REFUSES TO TALK TO REPORTERS
THE United States cruiser Phila
delphia arrived from Apia, Sa
moa, via nolulu, yesterday.
She left Apia on May 21 and after
-^ve.tful run of eleven days
Hawaii was reached. Ten days the
cruiser remained in Honolulu and the
run to San Francisco was then made in
ten days. The officers of the vessel are
all very reticent, and Rear Admiral
! I.aut:: positively refused to be inter
i viewed, declining to see the represen
■ tative ol any new«r>nr>er Captain OOsh
lan and the "Hoch der Kaiser" incident
j is still fresh in his memory and he was
i not going to be quoted on any matter
! that might cause trouble at Washington. I
PHILADELPHIA PASSING IN.
The first person to go aboard after the ,
anchor was dropped was the admiral's ;
wife, and she remained aboard all of
the afternoon. Mrs. Kautz was accom- j
panied by the wife of Flap Lieutenant i
W. G. Miller, but she came ashore
again with her husband in the first
boat.
The officers of the Philadelphia are:
Rear Admiral Albert Kautz, United
States navy, commander-in-chief.
Lieutenant W. G. Miller, United Stati-a i
navy. Hag lieutenant.
Ensign D. P. Sellers, United States >
navy, flag secretary.
Captain Edwin White, commanding.
Lieutenant Commander W. H. Schurtze, !
executive officer.
Lieutenant Commander W. S. Hughes, !
navigator.
Lieutenant J. H. Hetherington.
Lieutenant g. W. Rrown.
Lieutenant H. A. Field.
Lieutenant (Junior grade) F. H. Brown.
Ensign F. H. Schofield.
Naval Cadet J. F. Rabcock.
Naval Cadet G. C. Sweet.
Naval Cadet G. T. Pettengill.
Surgeon T. H. Streets.
Past Assistant Surgeon G. A. Lung.
Assistant Surgeon 11. E. Odell.
Pay master J. R. Stanton— Fleet.
Chief Engineer A. B. Rates— Fleet.
Chaplain A. A. McAllister.
Passed Assistant Engineer W. W. Bush.
Assistant Engineer R. K. McMorris.
First Lieutenant Marines C M. Per
kins—Fleet.
Pay Clerk O. G. Haskett.
Pay Clerk J. J. Doyle— Fleet.
Acting Roatswain J. S. Croghan.
Acting Gunner C. E. Jaffe.
Acting Carpenter J. A. Barton.
When the cruiser was in Honolulu in
February last 1 her way to Apia Lieu
tenant F. V. Lansdale was navigator
and Ensign J. I". Monaghan one of the,
crew. The story of their death while
fighting the Samoan natives was told
exclusively in The Call's dispatches.
The bodies were buried with full naval
honors and when the Philadelphia was |
ready to return to' the United States
they were exhumed and brought -on
here. Arrange-^ontn for the funerals
were made yesterday by friends and j
relatives and the bodies will be brought
ashore to-day.
The funeral of Lieutenant Lansdale j
will take place from St. Luke's Church j
to-morrow. Th? remains will be buried
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The remains of Ensign Monaghan ,
w'.ll be taken to Portland, Or. His j
father i? now in San Francisco and the
body will be turned over to him to-day, j
Lieute- .nt Perkins and Dr. Lung j
vere with the expedition that ended so
disastrously in the death of Lieutenant
Lansdale and Ensign Monaghan. Yes- I
terday they refused to talk about the !
sad affair. They would discuss the voy- j
age, the appearance of the cruiser, in j
fact anything but Samoa and the Sa- ■
moans. They seemed to feel the loss of
their comrades very V-^enly.
Captain "White, in speaking of the j
situation in Samoa, said that every
thing was quiet when the cruiser left, j
The commissioners sent out by the pow- i
ers were very able men. and they at i
once grasped the situation and were
working out a peaceful solution of th?
trouble. The officers of the American
and German men-of-war fraternized
and were on the best of terms through
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
out the trouble. The Philadelphia left
the United States steamers Badger and
Brutus In Apia.
One of the Philadelphia's crew, at
least, was not glad to reach United
States territory. His name Is John
Burns and he has a sentence of five
years to serve for deliberately trying
to murder Corporal J. E. McDell. Burns
and a number of the cruiser's crew had
been ashore in Apia liaving a pood time
and overstayed their leave. A corporal's
guard was sent out to bring them In
and Corporal McDell arrested Burns.
As the latter was being marched aboard
he toid his captor that he would "do
hyn up" on the first opportunity. As
soon as Burns was released he secured
a Colt's navy revolver from the armory
by some means, and, walking up be
hind McDell, shot him in the side. The
bullet passed through the corporal's
body, close to the surface, narrowly
missed the spine and came out on the
other side. McDell was carried into the
"sick bay" and Burns was placed In
the "brig." When it was found that
McDell would undoubtedly recover
Burns was court-martialed and : :n
--tenced to five years' imprisonment, to
lose all his back pay and to be dishon
orably discharged from the United
States navy. He will be sent to the
Mare Island naval prison to-morrow.
The Philadelphia will remain in port
a few days, after which she will go to
the Mare Island Navy Yard, and, after
an overhauling, will go north to Puget
Sound.
The following orders relative to th«2
HYPNOTISM AND
LOSS OF A BRIDE
Pretty Cambridge Girl Elopes
With) the Fri?0d of Her
% BOSTON. .!i:r.<* 2L— Hypnotism iost wealthy young George Henry Boeek £
P of Ft. Louis his beautiful brido here last night, so her parents told The O
Call correspondent to-night. It is a startling romance and has set the so S
£Jj cietj \\ ii ! agrog, for all the parties ar<: prominent and wealthy ailsto- £»
*-, rats, Boeck wan to marry Grace Lincoln Edwards, in St. Peter's Episcopal
&. Church, Cambridge, last night, but his chief usher, William Wilson Sloan £«
p Jr., '02, <>f Harvard, got ahead of him and married the bride at noon in p
** Lynn. Hundreds of society people nocked to the church, but a sign on the •>
£ door said, "No wedding to-night." 9
£> The couple disappeared after their runaway wedding. Sloan is the 19-year- *~
2 old son of Millionaire W. W. Sloan of New York. He has been boarding in
O the home of the bride for several months. During this time her fiance was p
$5 in St. Louis. Her mother says that she is convinced Sloan hypnotized trie £?
-y girl, but Rev. A. J. Covelle of Lynn, who married them, says that there O
•* were no indications of hypnotism, and that they were one of the happiest i£
Q couples lie over saw. It is not known what legal action the rejected bride \
w groom will take. He is now at the bedside of the bride's mother, who is
"'♦ prostrated at the turn of events. j*
When they readied the parsonage the marriage license was produced, O
£v and the first thing the clergyman inquired was as to the reason they should •?
come to Lynn to be married, when there were so many clergymen in Cam- v
•Q bridge, and when both resided there, as Mr. Sloan had stated that he was SS
g a Harvard student. The reply was that they wished to avoid publicity, and g
> had determined to be joined in wedlock as privately as possible. It was Jtf
•S with considerable anxiety that the question was asked of the clergyman as g^
\ t>> whether or not witnesses were required to the ceremony. This was no- 8
*-y need, and when the reply came that under the law such was not the case •'
;"• Mr. Sloan said: "Well, please perform the ceremony at once, so that we W
£> may depart." ■<
X Standing in the little parlor of the house, with a bunch of roses in the O
£> vase at the window, the minister pronounced the solemn words which made. **
£$ them husband and wife. Then they disappeared and no trace of the missing O
0 couple has since been found. •*
uneral of Enalgn Monnghan have been
ssuod by General Shafter:
"Second Lieutenant George E. Ball,
["wenty-flrst United States Infantry,
ow at the Presidio of San Francisco,
'al.. will proceed to Vancouver Bar
acks, Wash., so as to arrive there on
he 24th inst., and report to the adju
ant general, Department of the Co
umbia, for duty with troops selected to
ake part in the funeral ceremonies of
Ensi.cn Monaghan, V. S. N.,
t Portland. Or."
SAMOAN OUTLOOK NOT
ALTOGETHER SATISFACTORY
I.' »NDON, June 22.— The correspond
ent of the Times at Apia. Samoa, under
date of June 13, says: "Although con
siderable success has attended the
labors of the Commissioners, it cannot
lid that the outlook for the im
mediate future is altogether satisfac
tory. lii order t" secure unanimity, the
Commissioners have followed to a peril
ous extent a policy of compromise,
\s:tli the result that many conclusions
at which they arrived are inconsistent
and '■<=' leasing to all parties.
"The only completely satisfactory
features are the disarmament and dis
bandment of the natives, the resigna
tion of Malietoa Tanu and the abolition
of the kingship. These incidents great
ly relieve the fusion and modify the
fears her outbreak, but the
proclamation of a provisional Govern
ment is keenly criticized by natives and
whites alike.
"During th« absence of Herr Rose,
the German Consul, his duties will be
in the hands of Herr Grunow, the Vice
ul, while a deputy Commissioner
will undertake the duties of the British
Consul, Mr. Maxse. I have the best
reason to Deuev* that the Commission
ers will take early action to secure the
r< tiren em of the present Chief Justice
and the American Consul. Mr. < 'sborne,
although i:o definite decision has been
reached. As there are many delicate
matters awaiting consideration, it is
very doubtful whether the Commis
rs will lie able to leave by the end
ol the month."
SPOKANE TO HONOR
THE SLAIN ENSIGN
SPOKANE, Wash., June 21.— Tuesday
ess in Spokane will be practically
suspended while the citizen? assemble
to take part In service? over the re
mains of Ensign Robert Monaghan,
United States navy, murdered by na
tives in Sanva. Monaghan was born
and educated in this county and was
the first Washington graduate from
Annapolis. His father is one .of the
wealthy pioneers of the city, and the
friends ol the dead sailor are numb re 1
by the hundreds. A detail of four offi
cers and six privates from the local
militia companies will go to Portland
to mccl th 6 funeral car and accom
pany the remains here, leaving Port
land Sunday afternoon. During the
stay at Portland a high mass, attended
by military honors, will be celebrated in
<ne of the Roman Catholic cathedrals.
The train will reach here Sunday morn
ing and be met by militia companies,
troops fn>m Fort Spokane and citizens
and escorted to the City Hall, where
the body will lie in state until Tues
day. The Mayor has asked all busi
ness houses to close Tuesday. Senator
John L. Wilson will deliver an address.
A parade will take place following a
requieum mass at Gonzaga Chapel.
Church and military services will take
place at the graves. Thousands will
probably be present from all parts of
ihe ■ ■ lunty.
FIRE AT MENLO PARK.
Hard Work Aione Prevents an Exten
sive Conflagration.
REDWOOD CITY, June 21.-Menlo
Park was visited by fire this morning,
and but for the prompt action of the
volunteer fire department at that place
half of the town would now be in ashes.
Within the last two years three hotels
there have been burned to the ground,
two of which have been rebuilt, and less
than a month ago Hoitt's School was
destroyed.
The fire to-day started in the barn
connected with Martin Kuck's hotel.
The barn was surrounded by other
buildings, and had they taken fire the
whole block would have gone. The de
partment has only one available fire
hydrant, its new ones, six or seven in
number, not yet having been put into
place. Only lately has there been any
fire department at all, Menlo having
been dependent upon Palo Alto and
Redwood City for assistance.
The citizens have now become thor
oughly alarmed. They had recently
purchased 500 feet of fire hose but at
the time of the fire had not taken it
from the railroad freight house. In or
der to use it to-day they were compelled
to break into the freight shed to get it,
the agent not being there at the time
The fire department at Redwood was
telephoned to, but by the time it
reached the scene the fire was under
control. The barn was a total loss.
<• ~
ROMANCE BEGINS IN CHURCH
Old Couple Pledges Troth During a
Revival Meeting.
BAN RAFAEL. June 21.— The 80-eaJled
"hoodoo organ' of the First Methodist
Church of this city proves not always
baleful in its Influence. Directly In the
range of its alleged evil power was begun
a pretty little romance during the late, re
vival {services that ended in a marriage
last Wednesday.
Captain James Minott is 66 years of
age and a retired mariner. For several
years he has lived in San Rafael, In a
beautiful cottage near the West End, and
Fiance.
enjoyed life on the interest of his money,
for the old man was never prodigal, and
managed to save a goodly Hum while on
the high seas. At the revival services
Captain Minott met Mrs. Martha Collier,
ill. former matron of the Mount Tamal
paie Military Academy. She was five
years the captain's junior, rather good
looking and a sociable companion. Th>jy
became enamored of each other, an 1
while the "hoodoo organ" pealed forth
its sonorous melody they were betrotln-d
at a meeting one evening.
On last Wednesday the captain and his
fiancee took the train for Sacramento,
where they were married by a minister,
and returned to San Rafael* last Sunday.
They are now living happily at Captain
Mlnott's home and both unite in asert
ing that in their case the "hoodoo or
gan" proved a blpsslne.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY IS
READY FOR SEA DUTY
He May Secure the Command of the
South. Atlantic or Pacific
Station.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— Should the
President decide, after consultation
with Secretary Long, not to direct any
investigation of the Sehley controversy,
the suggestion will be advanced to him
that the rear admiral be given duty at
sea. Rear Admiral Sehley stands ready
for sea service, and after his return
from Porto Rico applied for the com
mand of a squadron. His application,
however, was not granted, although the
department in the meantime assigned
Rear Admijal Kautz to command the
Pacific Station and organized a South
Atlantic Station with Rear Admiral
Howison as its commander in chief.
Because of the lack of men-of-war the
European squadron has not been re
formed.
Hear Admiral Howison will retire
from active service on October 10, but
will be detached from his command on
OctODer 0, on -rvlik-n dutP thf. Chicago
will arrive in New York. It is sug
gested that Rear Admiral Sehley be as
signed to duty as his successor. It may
be that Admiral Kautz, when he arrives
at San Francisco, will be willing to re
linquish the command of the Pacific
squadron, in which event this duty will
be given to Sehley.
PERMANENT CHALLENGE
CUP FOR AUTOMOBILES
An American Presents a Trophy That
May Be Contested for by
Any Ciub.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyr'ghted. 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June 21.— An American mem
ber of the Automobile Club de France
has just presented a cup as a permanent
challenge trophy. It is to be called
the Columbia challenge cup. It is given
to the club and can only be raced for by
members of an automobile club in any
country, and the challenge must come
through their club. It will thus occupy
in international automobilism the same
place held by the America's cup in in
ternational yachting.
Races will take place in the country
of the club holding the cup for the
time being. The trophy will be consid
ered as belonging to the club anl not
to the individual member whose auto
mobile wins it.
The first race may take place in Sep
tember, and naturally here in France.
as the cup until won out of its keeping
belongs to the Automobile Club de
France.
BULLDOG ATTACKS A HORSE.
Fastens Its Teeth in the Legs of a
Valuable Animal.
SAN RAFAEL, June 21.— A valuable
horse owned by Sheriff Will P. Taylor was
attacked yesterday ?nd badly bitten by
Bullion, a grandson of the celebrated Rng
liyh bull terrier Woodcote Venom The
dog was formerly owned by George I).
Sht-arer, who presented it to Hugh P.
Thompson last week. Thompson pave ths
dog to Taylor, and the Sheriff wan leading
it out of Robinson's ."-table with a ropo
when it made tbe attack upon his horse.
The legs of the horse were badly chewed
and its right side was poisoned by the
dog's teeth.
Taylor wished to shoot the vicious brute
but was deterred by Thompson, who ar
rived on the scene in time tn assist in
making the doc let go its hold on the
horse's leg. Bullion was then presented
to District Attorney Mclnaac, who con
clud«-d ur.on investigation that the dog
might be of a valuable breed but had a
baa reputation and was not intended foi
the society of a man of peace.
Bullion is a son of Bridget, the ffmous
bull terrior that once was accidentally
confined in a deserted house and there
subsisted for twenty-five days on a diet of
air. When discovered she was able to
stand on her feet and recognized Shearer
the owner. When Bullion was a little pup
he was prtser.ted to Congressman Howard
or Minnesota, who had to relinquish the
dog a fow months ago because of his ten
dency to make mincemeat of evervthni"
In sight.
i «
SALE OF RAILROAD TICKETS.
The Law Which Makes It a Felony Is
Unconstitutional.
AUSTIN. Texas, June 21.— The Court
of Criminal Appeals to-day rendered a
decision holding that the law which
makes it a felony for any person other
than the agent of a railroad to sell a
railroad transportation ticket is un
constitutional. The basis of the de
cision is that the Legislature delegates
Lhe power to the railroad company to
say whether or not the tickets are sal
nhlp
Drntn of Colonel Cressey.
SANTA ROSA. June 2L— Colonel Ed
ward Potter Creasey of San Francisco died
;it Dr. Kurke's sanitarium to-day. n,.
was a native of Tennessee ami 62 years of
age. He was a graduate of West Point
and served with distinction In the Civil
War. For many years he occupied the
position of treasurer of the Pacific Mail
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
ELKS MARCH IN
A GREAT PARADE
Lodges Cheered by the
Spectators.
THOUSANDS ARE IN LINE
CONSPICUOUS COSTUMES WORN
BY THE MARCHERS.
The Grand Lodge Decides in Secret
Session to Hold the Next Con
clave at Milwaukee in
July, 1900.
Rpe-'lal Pisratch to The Cull.
ST. LOUIS, June 21.— 1n-coming {
trains brought in several hundred be- !
lated Elks from various parts of the |
country. chairman Kehrman, whose !
committee on registration and head- !
quarters has been busy taking care of !
the vistors, estimates that there are !
fully 8000 Elks in the city.
The weather continues fine though ;
warm. To-day the principal event was i
the parade, in which all the Elks here j
participated. Starting at Twelfth street !
soon after noon the procession moved •
east on Washington avenue and thence '
through the business section of the city.
Almost every building had been deco
rated in their honor and on Olive street
at Seventh an elaborate arch spanned j
the roadway. Along the line of march
were thousands of spectators, who
cheered the different lodges as they
marched past.
It took the parade <n\e hour to pass!
a given point and during that tim»> n t
a car whf-el was turned In the down- I
town district owing to the congestion I
of traffic and business on the streets
was practically suspended. Each lodge
in line had some distinctive dress, j
either uniform or something unique or I
startling in effect. The St. Louis Lodge, ]
with 400 men In line, dressed in gray
and carrying purple and whit umbrel- i
las, made a fine appearance. Owens
boro <Ky.) i...<i^'> Is'o. 513, the youngest
in the order, attracted attention all
along the line. Culling themselves the
babies of the order they dressed ac
cordingly, with long white slips with
white bonnets and carrying bottles of
milk.
Cincinnati lodge No. 6 dressed as
golfers, with ■= 1 coats and short trou
sers, il ' hi pickers" of Toledo in
red uniforms and carrying rolled umb
rellas, Tern Haute, Ind., Lodge No. 86.
in white duck Prince Albert suits, and
Louisville Lodge No. 8 in Immaculate
white flannel drill uniforms, divided
honors for neatness In appearance and
the precision in their movements.
The members of the Gre nville, Miss., I
Lodge No. 148, were dressed a.s South- j
crn field hands, carrying bags "f cotton.
Davenport, lowa, Lodge No. 298 made a
great hie. It appeared as tli ■ prospec
tive -Manila lodge, th>> meml.fi> being
blackened un and dressed a? Filipinos.
A platoon of mounted police led the
parade, followed by the marshal and
his aids on horseback and the St. Louis
lodge acting ap escort to the grand of
ficers and members of the Grand Lodge
in carriages. Organizations from the
following cities were in line: ottumwa,
Iowa; Lexington, Ky. ; Belleville, 111.;
Grand Forks, N. !>.; owensboro, Ky.;
New York, Cincinnati, Toledo, Torre
Haute, Baltimore, Denver, Milwaukee;
Greenville, Miss.; Kansas City; Alle
gheny City. Pa.; Greensburg, Ind.;
ivuitviiit.. Ky. ; JoHflt, iii ■ Nashville,
Davenport, Si-ux Palls; Newport, Ky.;
Lndianapolis, Washington and a dele
gation from Arkansas.
In secret session the Grand Lodge
<!'<M"'] to hold the n<^xt meeting at
Milwaukee. The meeting is to be held
on the second Tuesday in July, 1900.
The new constitution also provides
for the abolishment of the Australian
system of voting, and orders that elec
ti"!is be made by roll call. No city
of less than 5000 inhabitant will be
given an Elks' lodge, and in each case
the list of charter members must be
submitted to the next nearest lodge.
No city will be given two lodges. New
Turk now has two. because of its con
solidation with Brooklyn.
In future the grand trustees will be
elected for one. two and three years,
instead of for one year terms as at
present. This will make it necessary to
elect but one trust. •■ eaVsh year. The
bond of the grand treasurer was raised
from $10,000 to $25,000, and that of th"
grand secretary from $5000 to $10,000.
These bonds must be furnished by an
Indemnity company, the expense to be
borne by the Grand Lodge. Under the
new constitution no one not a member
of the order can be made an honorary
member of the Elks. This action was
tak' ri because a number of lodges have
in the past made women honorary
members by reason of some favor done.
A new code of procedure for trials
and appeals was submitted and a num
ber of other changes made in the old
laws. The constitution will go into
effect January 1, WOO, if it is ratified
by the lodges not represented at the
present meeting by delegates.
SPRING HAD HIS ARM
AROUND A DAMSEL
Thus Detective Curtin Testifies in
the Divorce Trial at San
Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— Further testi
mony showing the alleged unfaithful
ness of H. M. N. Spring was given to
day in the trial (if the divorce suit
brought by his wife. Detective J. P.
Curtin told of the defendant having had
his arm around a young lady at the
bicycle races in San Francisco several
months ago. and told huw he traced
them to various resorts!
Mrs. Emelie T. Spring followed. Her
testimony related principally to the
property interests of herself and Spring.
Her separate property amounts to
about $11,1)00 and consists of real estate,
mostly in this county. She said Spring
valued his half interest, in the clothing
store at $50,000 and had about $8000
worth of real estate. Half of "his $58,
--000 is alleged to be community prop
erty. There are three children—Jack
son, .Margaret and Dorothy. Mrs. Spring
testified it would take $275 a month to
support herself and the three children.
Here the plaintiff rested.
Attorney Moore for Spring made and
argued a motion for non-suit, claiming
the evidence was insufficient. The mo
tion was denied by Judge Lorigan. At
torney Moore attacked the evidence of
the detectives, but the court took ex
ception to it and said married women
could not be expected to stand around
on the streets at all hours of the night
and watch recalcitrant husbands, nor
ask friends to perform the vigil, and
the employment of detectives in such
cases was perfectly proper. *
The taking of evidence for the de
fense will commence to-morrow.
♦
Poor Fenders Not Wanted.
LOS ANGELES. June 21.— The ordi
nance recently passed by the City Coun
cil compelling street railway companies
to equip street cars with protective fend
ers has not yel become a law, Miv,,r
Baton refusing to sign it In its present
state. It appears that the law provides
for fenders similar t« those in use in San
Francisco. which, according to advices re
ceived from the Supervisors of that city,
are unsatisfactory. The Mayor probably
will advise the Council to reconsider Us
action.
LOUBET TRYING TO
GET A CABINET
PARIS, June 21.— M. Bourgeois ar
rived here this morning from The
Hague and conferred with Presi
dent Loubet, M. Brisson and
other political friends. It was
announced late In the day that M.
Bourgeois had declined the task of
forming a Cabiuet. M. del Casse. Min
ister of Foreign Affairs In the Dupuy
Cabinet, will now probably be asked to
form a Ministry.
After a second interview with M.
Loubet at 7 o'clock this evening M.
Bourgeois consented to remain in Paris
and assist in the negotiation if a new
Ministry is formed. He is strongly
urging M. Waldeck-Rousseau to resume
the task and is actively enlisting sup-
port for him.
In the lobby of the Chamber of Depu
ties to-night it is freely asserted that
M. del Casse will not undertake the re
sponsibility, and as Senator Waldeck-
Rousseau Is not disinclined to another
trial he may possibly be Invited, al
though there Is talk of Jean Sarrien,
Republican Radical, as Premier.
INDEPENDENT CAR
LINE SUPPORTED
Placer County Growers
in Line.
AID THE STATE ASSOCIATION
ITS BY-LAWS ACCEPTED AT A
MASS MEETING.
Owners of Orchards in the Vicinity
of Newcastle Declare Their
Readiness to Work for
Co-operation.
Special Dlspat.-h to The Call.
NEWCASTLE, June 21.— Fruit grow
ers met here this evening to form a lo
j cal organization to work in harmony
with the State organization for an inde- !
pendent car line. C. H. Kellogg was
I selected to act as temporary chairman
and G. L. Threlkel as secretary. Mr.
Threlkel addressed the growers and !
read the by-laws, articles of incorpora
tion and the growers' contract. The
latter provides that in consideration of
$1 paid by the local organization the j
grower signing agrees to turn over to j
the association 7 per cent, plus 1 cent
! per box, for loading, for which the as- ;
; sociation agrees to market the fruit in
the best possible manner and at the !
I best possible prices. Mr. Threlkel said: ,
Could we obtain forty gTOwers' signa
tures we would then be strong: enough
to commence operations and i-mild guar
antee 120 carloads and could at least be
ready for business early in 1900 ana posai ..
blj this season. Placer must l^ad in this
movement and Placer crmwers ure going
to Bee the movement through at any ex
pense. Although I believe a car line is
not our only relief, as we have fruit
hanging- on the tree? and it must be mar
keted, yet we should have an Independ
ent car line. If we can make the proper
showing we < an obtain concessions, and
if the State association can make a re
duction of Bit per cent in the refrigerator
charges, as claimed, the growers certain
ly cutfht to be able to do business on
those terms.
G. Geraldson said he did not favor
immediate action, as that would neces
sitate doing a commission business, and
he was in favor of an f. o. b. business,
as was the State organization.
"The consignment business is bad
policy," he said, "and as for me, I
would rather feed my fruit to the hogs
than to encourage It."
Charles Carlson favored Immediate
action. After considerable discussion
the by-laws and articles of incorpora
tion were accepted.
"Remember, gentlemen," said Mr.
Threlkel, "we are to work in perfect
harmony with the State organization,
and it should be perfectly understood
by all."
Nm decisive steps for Immediate ac
ti"ii were taken, as it is apparently de
si red to keep the question before the
growers in order to obtain united ac
tion. A majority of the growers favor
the movement and may be expected to
lend their hearty support.
CENSURED FOR HAVING
MARRIED PERRY BELMONT
Rev. W. M. Barrows Reouked by the
Congregational Ministers of
Connecticut.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 21.— Rev.
W. M. Harrow?, thf> minister who re
cently married Perry Belmont and Mrs.
Henry D. Sloan at Greenwich, was to
day severely censured by the general
association of Congregational minis
ters of Connecticut, of which he is a
member. Dr. Barrows was present and
personally apologized to the ministers,
saying that he had been imposed upon
I by Mr. Belmont and Mrs. Sloan; but
i In spite of this, resolutions were passed
i censuring him and forbidding any Con
' gregational minister of the association
; to marry any divorced person who has
: been shown guilty by the decree.
By passing the resolution, the clergy
man present bound themselves to take
a firm stand on the divorce question
and use all their power to bring about
uniform divorce laws.
The resolutions also make it Impossi
ble for thorn to remarry guilty persons
in a divorce and persons who are for
bidden to remarry by the laws of any
State and the rules of other Christian
churches.
WILL TEACH AT STANFORD.
Herbert Z. Kipp for Assistant In
structor in German.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 21.
— The announcement was made to-day
of the appointment by President David
Starr Jordan of Herbert Z. Kipp to be
assistant professor of German. Mr.
Kipp is now studying in Germany, but
will come to Stanford in September to
assume his work. During the coming
year he will take the place of Professor
James O. Griffin, who Is now on his
way to Europe for a vacation and to
study, and will teach the course in first
and second year German.
Mr. Kipp was born in 1874, and
studied at Adelbert College, Western
Reserve, and at Princeton University,
where he graduated with honors in 1894.
He then traveled in Europe for a time,
and has been pursuing advanced
studies at the famous German univer
sities of Berlin, Gottingen and Leipzig.
He will take the Ph.D. degree at Leip
zig this summer.
THEOPHILE DEL CASSE.
VENGEANCE OF A
WRONGED SISTER
A Kansas Woman De
nounces Her Brother.
HE MURDERED HER LOVER
AND SHE CAUSES HIS ARREST
AFTER YEARS OF PURSUIT.
"Only When My Brother Is Led to
the Gallows Will I Feel My
Duty Done"' Declares De
termined Woman.
Si.eoial Dispatch to The Call.
WICHITA, Kan., June 21.— W. H.
Hill, alias Alexander Jester, charged
with the murder of William Gates, near
<■ Paris, Mo., May 2, 1871, arrived here to
night in charge of officers and was
placed in the County Jail. He was de
nounced by his sister, Mrs. Cornelia
■ Street of Shawnee, O. T., who said she
I was engaged to Gates when her broth
er murdered him. William Gates was
the brother of John W. Gates of Chi- (
cage, president of the American Steel
I and Wire Company, and a candidate
for the United States Senate to succeed
Cullom. Mrs. Street said to-night:
"As 1 stand here and look at my
brother behind the cell doors it Is the
( happiest moment in my whole life. He i
i has ruined my life by slaying my lover,
. and 1 have traveled everywhere and
spent a fortune in having him run to
earth. Why, he even sent a man to
me who persuaded me Lo marry him
under pretense he was my brother's
friend— that was Street— and when I
found he was false I quit him. Only
when my brother is led to the.gallosvs
will 1 feel my duty done."
According to Mrs. Street's story her
family and that of William Gates lived
In Alton, 111., thirty years ago. Cornelia
; Jester and William Gates were loveis
and engaged to be married. Her brother
: learned of their engagement by over
-1 hearing a conversation while they were
; out walking one night. Mrs. Street as
serts ber brother then resolved to mur
der dates in order to prevent their mar
riage. Alexander Jester and William
Gates left Alton on a trip into Mis
! souri.
Gates was killed near Paris, Mo., and
his body burned in a brush pile. Mrs.
Street declares her brother was the
murderer. She Bays Jester was ar
rested at Valley Center, taken to Paris,
tried and convicted, but escaped by
sawing out of jail. He then changed
his name and fled, according to his
sister, who says she has since been in
pursuit of him.
Last S.-.ttirday night Sheriff Sim
] mons 7-eceived a letter from Mrs. Street
stating her brother was the real mur
derer of William Gates and she de-
I sired him arrested, -he Sheriff at once
| sent men to Shawnee and arrested
i Jester. He was held there awaiting or
! ders until to-d .y. Jester is alleged to
have confessed he is the man wanted.
Jester is now 80 years old and is known
to have led a respectable life for the
last twenty years. He is quite wealthy
and his arrest was kept quiet at Shaw
nee.
People of Shawnee believe Mrs.
Street Is lying about the affair and say
the /Whole scheme is to get revenge
on her brother on account of disagree
ments on various matters. The officers
here believe Mrs. Street's story is true
and say parts of it are substantiated
by the official records.
TRUSTS ARE UNLAWFUL
UNDER IOWA'S LAWS
Attorney General Rsmley's Interest-
ing Address at a Convention
of County Attorneys.
DES MOINES, la., June 21.—Attor
ney General Remley, in an address to
day to the county attorneys of the
State, in convention here, declared that
trusts are unlawful under the lowa
laws. Ho advised county attorneys to
use their efforts to suppress trusts in
the State. Among other things the At
torney General said:
"There is no question that combina
tions entered into by large aggregations
of capital to increase prices or decrease
production of manufactures and mer
chandise of any kind which administer
to the necessities or comforts of men
are an evil, and nothing but an evil.
There is one criminal law to which I
wish to call your attention. It has been
in force for a number of years, and I
believe there has never been a crimi
nal prosecution under it. Section 5067
provides, among other things. 'It shali
be the duty of the Grand Jury to in
quire into and ascertain if there exists
any pool, trust or combination within
their respective counties.' The same
section says: "County attorneys, in
their counties, and the Attorney Gen
eral, shall enforce the provisions of a
public nature in the seven preceding
sections.' County attorneys and grimd
juries must take the initiative in this
matter. As legal advisers of the Grand
Jury you can do much to bring to jus
tice any violators of the anti-trust laws.
You can do your State no better service
than by either demonstrating the non
existence of unlawful pr-ols and trusts
in the State or by bringing the guilty
parties to justice. I pledge you here
and now that your efforts will be sec
onded by the Attorney General's office
and any assistance which I can give
will he most heartily given."
The sherry cobbler is one kind of a
shoehorn.
YDA ADDIS STORKE
GUILTY OF LIBEL
Sensational Trial Ends
in Conviction.
JURY OUT OVER FIVE HOURS
TARRIES PURPOSELY TO SPARE
THE WOMAN.
— -♦ —
Charge Against the Writer Was That
She Slandered Dr. Winchester
in Various Anonymous
Letters.
♦- -
Spei ia! Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. June 21.— The
jury in the case of Yda Addis Storke,
charged with criminal libel, returned a
verdict of guilty this evening, after
having deliberated five and a half
hours.
Senator Boyce finished his closing ar
gument at 12:15 o'clock. The District j
Attorney then spoke, and the jury re
tired at 4 o'clock. The defendant left i
the court room, which was filled with
visitors, all anxious to hear the verdict
of the jury. At 9:20 p. m. the defend- j
ant returned. At 9:28 the jury, fol- j
lowed by an immense throng of specta- i
tors, entered the courtroom. It is said i
the jury reached an agreement early,
but held back the announcement be- >
cause it did not want to report before j
the crowd that remained in the court
room in the early hours of the evening,
wishing to spare the accused woman
as much as possible. Finally the Coun
ty Clerk read the verdict:
"We, the jury, find the defendant
guilty."
The defendant was given until 10
o'clock to appear for sentence or make
a motion fur a new trial.
Mrs. Storke was indicted by the
Grand Jury in December last on a
charge of sending libelous letters to
Dr. S. A. Winchester. The twon had
been flooded with the anonymous let
ters making charges of the vilest na
ture against Dr. Winchester and Dr.
Martha <'ase, a young woman practic
ing here. Scores of letters were re
ceived in May. June and July, IS9B, and
the postal authorities took the matter
up. A detective traced the authorship
of the letters to Mrs. Storke, but. fear
ing the case could not be made in the
Federal Court, the matter was laid be
fore the Grand Jury.
Th" defense tried, to connect a num
ber of prominent persons here, includ
ing the divorced husband of Mrs.
Storke, with the authorship of the let
ters, claiming there was a conspiracy to
drive her from the city by connecting
her name with the letters. The trial
has occupied the Superior Court, Judge
( »ster of San Bernardino presiding, for
three arid a half weeks. Great interest
was taken in the trial, the court room
being crowded at all times.
Y<la Addis Storke was once well
known in Southern California news
paper circles and was considered a
brilliant writer.
Since tho cnmmoneoment of the libel
suit the wife of Dr. Winchester, th>
complaining witness, has instituted
proceedings for a divorce.
SOCIETY PEOPLE
HELP BUFFALO BILL
Mrs. Belmont and Mrs. Oelrichs in
the Stage That Is Besieged
by Redskins.
| NEWPORT, June 21.— Several promi
nent cottagers consented to help Buf
falo Bill out with his Wild West show
here to-day and there was an Interest
| ing incident not featured on the bills.
When the rumbling old Deadwood
coach came on the society people were
i somewhat surprised to find Its be
sieged passengers were Mrs. Oliver H.
I. Belmont, Mrs. Herman Oelrichs and
Miss Maria d'BarriL Vociferous ap
plause met the discovery. Then a
| swarming band of Indians appeared,
! but Mrs. Belmont's smile only broad
ened as they peppered her with imag
inary shot and Mrs. Oelrichs escaped
i the fusillade with only a very bad fit
| of coughing, the result of a charge of
smoke one of the dusky redskins fired
1 right into her face.
The passengers exchanged saluta
i tions with their friends in the reserved
! seat section and appeared to be enjoy
i ing their adventure so hugely and Buf
j falo Bill's heroic dash to rescue them
i seemed so ridiculously unreal that the
i tent fairly rang with laughter.
AFTER THE BURBANK
LOS ANGELES, June 21.— Notwlth- \
standing the statements of Walter M<>
rosco, it is authoritatively announced
that the San Francisco manager has
not secured the Burhank Theater. Mo- j
rosco's failure is said to arise from a
desire to date the lease from September
L John Griffin, the owner, who de
mands rent for July and August, sent
Morosco an ultimatum to-day that he
must comply with the terms by noon
to-morow or the deal will bo void.
Harry Wyatt, who is in San Francisco,
wired for terms. The Walthers want it;
so do L. Behymer and Walter Mears.
Morosco telegraphed to Griffin to-night
that he bad mailed his statement and
asked him to hold every one off until
it is received.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS '
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINd. ; V
Lit TtFfiFM Manufacturer of n<slttnornnd
I. IJEUCN, Lnco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
elon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
. BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045. i
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.. !
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
: Periodicals. Booits and Stationery. '
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine, Steamboat ,
and Ship Work « Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main ei64l. j
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, s o ce n co s s tl a ?e d i. s Kn n 4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAS KfIYFS * Cl\ 1 Shipping Butchers, 104
JAj- DUIL3 (X Uli, Clay. Tel. Mala 1294.
YELLOW PLAGUE
AT SANTIAGO
Fourteen New Cases and
Four Deaths.
_
AMERICAN TROOPS SUFFER
COMPELLED TO EVACUATE
THEIR BARRACKS.
Owing to the Improved Sanitary
Condition of the Cities in Cuba
It Had Been Hoped an Out
break Would Be Prevented.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
June 21.— Surgeon General Sternberg is
• absent from Washington, but I leaxn
j that he received communications from
i South America showing that the Sana
! relli serum was not producing as favor
| able results in yellow fever cases as its
: discoverer has announced.
Surgeon General Wyman of the Ma
rine Hospital service to-day received a
telegram from Dr. Park, the quarantine
; officer at Santiago, reporting the exist fe
| ence at that port of fourteen cases oi?
I yellow fever and four deaths from that
' cause. This is not the first report the
Marine Hospital service has received,
of the existence of the scourge at San-
I tiago.
Five days ago five cases were re
ported. There has not been time for a
' mail report since the outbreak. In ad-
I dition to the number of cases and
deaths Dr. Park's cablegram to-day
conveyed the information that the
American troops had evacuated the
barracks and their bedding and bag
gage were being disinfected aboard the
hospital boat Rough Rider, which is fit
ted with a complete disinfecting plant.
The fact that the season has advanced
thus far with the appearance only of
a few sporadic cases of the yellow fever
; led to the general hope that the im
proved sanitary condition of Santiago,
: Havana and other Cuban cities since
i the American occupation might result
in preventing an outbreak.
The following bulletin was posted at
the War Department:
"HAVANA, June 20.— Adjutant Gen
\ eral, Washington: Death report, 19th,
Santiago: Private David Mulhern,
, Company C, Fifth Infantry, died 18th,
I yellow fever; Private Thomas Jennings.
, band, Fifth Infantry, died 19th, yellow
fever. Puerto Principe — Private Elliot
; D. Holderman, Company D, Fifth In
fantry, died 19th, yellow fever; Private
; Louis J. Wagner, Company A, Fifteenth
Infantry, died 17th, accidental poison
ing. BROOKE, Commanding."
CUPID'S BUSY DAY.
Numerous Marriage Licenses Issued
at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAKL, June 21. -The County
Clerk's office did a rushing business to
daj in the Issuance of marriage licenses.
One of the applicants from San Francisco
seemed very eager that tho news of his
venture should not reach the public He
gave his name as Hubert E. Drummond
and said he had recently come from >■ -
I attle. Tho lady to whom he was united
;by justice Rodden was formerly Miss
Flattie M. Eaton of SB3 Shi-ndor street.
Hi r father is Arthur J. Eaton, proprii tor
nf the Occidental Watch Company, whose
place ol business Is in ih> Claua Spree kels
building.
Harry J. Rich, formerly employed as
clerk by the George 11. Tay Company, but
now in the Engineer Corpa at Fort Point.
procured a license to wed Miss Rose Fitz
i Simmons, the marriage being scheduled
for next Sunday. From the explanation of
Frank McCaffrey, who will aci as best
man. it seems that Rich fell out with a
former sweetheart named Minnie McCar
thy, employed by Lev] Strauss & Co.,
i and Miss Fitzsimmons with William
I Ryan, who works .it the corner of Hyde
; and Union streets. They met and learned
eai ii other's woes, with the result that it
was deemed a happy move to "leave Ryan
and Miss McCarthy out in the cold"' hy
being married. The plan has been partly
carried out, and next Sunday will witness
j the finale.
Charity Filled Her Life.
SACRAMENTO, June 21.— Mrs. B. R.
Crocker of this city died to-night at the
St. Helena Sanitarium. She had been
sick for about six months. Mrs. Crocker
was a very charitable woman and her
loss will be greatly felt Her husband
marie a fortune in the early days as a
contractor and did most of the grading
for the Centra] Pacific Company. He Is
not related to thp ("rockers of" railroad
fame.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 21.
Tug: Rescue. Thompson. 3 days from Grays
Harbor, with stmr Aberdeen in tow.
Stmr Aberdeen. Petersen, 3 days from Grays
Harbor, In tow of tup Rescue.
Stmr Greenwood. Fegerlund. 11 hours from
Point Arena.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 21.
S'mr Scotia, Jacobs, — .
DOMESTIC PORT.
GREENWOOD— June 21-Stmr
traz, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived June >tmr Ethio
pia, from Glasgow and Movllle.
SOUTHAMPTON— June 21-Stmr
Lahn. from New York, via Cherbourg for
Bremen.
CHERBOURG— June 21-Stmr Lahn.
from New York, via Southampton for Bremen,
and proceeded. Sailed June 21— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der GrOßse, for New York.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
era In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton & Hedley. Proa*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every D».
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. BUck 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE P % P AND PAPE * c °»
ILLMITIL I I -] 2 2 Montgomery Street.
PRINTIN3.
E C- HIIf^HF^ PRINTER,
*-• VIII LOi 511 Sansome street.
THE kicks- limn en Printers, Book-
""' UlWrO-JUUU VU-. binders. 23 First St.
STATIONFR AN2 PRINTER.
Te co d r phIc PARTRIDGE ? o \£*l l z
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weigher*. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
T! lIVIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry an<*W
• Lunill. is-k. Wedding Rings. 4. 3d : st! IT
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND ujAli MINING 00. «4 lt«
GREEN RIVE It COLLIERIES.
is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— 46o Main atrett.DEMOCRATS IN
GREAT UPROAR
Confusion at Louisville
Convention.
MANY NOISY INTERRUPTIONS
♦ —
THREATS TO CLEAR PLATFORM
AND A PECULIAR ENCOUNTER.
Finally Judge Redwlne Is Chosen
Chairman. Which Is a Victory
for the Goebel-Stone
Combination.
Special Dliipatcb to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, June 21. The
cause of free silver in the State
of Kentucky got a jolt in the
Democratic Convention to-day
;ts advocates will remember for
long time. The leading candidate
for the Governorship, General
P. "Wat Hardin, a pronounc< d l»i
--metallist, failed to organize the
convention, which feat was ac
complished after a desperate
struggle by the combined forces
•>f ex-Congressman W. .1. Stone
and Siat- Si nator William Goe
bel, als<> aspirants for the Gub
natorial nomination, who have
been openlj charged with being
g'»ld standard men. Hardin has
lassed as one of the orig
inal ad tes "l" white metal,
but everything now points to
his defeal notwithstanding, as
the gold forces have seated all
the < ontested
districts, and the present indica
cations are that the committee
solutions to be named to
morrow will he so constituted
thru no mention of white metal
will be mad" in the platform pre
sented. When adjournment was
taken at midnicht there were
threats of a bolt by the silver
men.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. June 21.— The first
law of heaven had little to do with the
regulation of to-day's proceedings of
the Democratic State convention. On
the contrary order gave place to great
confusion, and after sweltering through
nearly eight hours of tedious hearing
of contests the convention, without
nominating a chairman, adjourned un
til evening in a whirlwind of chairs,
fans, tally sheets and reporters' copy.
Fortunately no one was hurt.
This finale was as unexpected as it
was lively. The sweltering, packed-in,
jammed-together mass of delegates,
politicians and onloc-kers had yelled it
self hoarse, fanned itself pallid. It was
more in a humor to do Justice to a din
ner than a prize-fight.
Feeling was at high tension over an j
argument that was in progress before j
Chairman Johnston over the contested j
ration from Kenton County, the i
home of William Goebel, one of the j
leading candidates for Governor. Con
gressman Ellis of the Sixth District, a
venerable gentleman of much vehe- i
inence. was eloquently presenting the
Ooebel side of the case, and was being
interrupted at short intervals by noisy
I demonstrations of approval. As much
<>f this interference came from the
stage, which was crowded with candi- I
dates, guests, officers of the convention \
and newspaper men, Chairman John- I
ston announced that the platform would
bo cleared at the next interruption. A
-00-pound ruralite, a little the worse for '
his political and spirituous excitement, |
mounted a chair and challenged Major
Johnston to carry out his threat, an
nouncing incidentally that force would
be necessary in his case. Quick"" as a
flash Jim Williams started from the
front of the stage for the intruder in a
businesslike way. Williams is a jovial
character of some repute in gunnery, j
and his activity was the signal for a '
stampede toward the exits. Almost •
everybody was standing on a chair j
when the affair occurred, and the re
suit was a general scramble to get out !
of the way of a general disarrange
ment of furniture. Half a dozen men
surrounded each of the belligerents and
the disturber was hustled out. Not i
however, until the crowd had cleared a |
space in the middle of the stage about !
thirty feet in diameter, having a fringe |
of huddled humanity around the edge, !
crouched in corners or behind shelter- I
ing walls. As no weapon was drawn I
this struck the humor of the crowd and !
quiet was restored, but meanwhile
Chairman Johnston had declared the
convention adjourned until evening
Aside from this incident the day's
session was a dull monotony, varied ;
only by an occasional heated discussion
between heads of rival delegations or
an outburst of applause as one or an
other condidate scored an advantage in '
the roll call for: temporary chairman i
For this position the Stone-Goebel I
combination nominated Judge David B. I
Red wine of Breathett County, while
the Hardin men named Hon. W. H
Sweeney of Marion County. When the
roll had been called once Redwine had
r.4o'£ of the votes and Sweeney 428 1 / £,
but 150 votes had been passed; on ac
count of contests. These were taken
up by counties, and Chairman Johnston
of the State Central Committee heard
arguments by both sides before recog
nizing a contested delegation. This
consumed the entire day's session and
caused changes which left the vote at
adjournment as follows: Redwine,
569%; Sweeney, 528^.
When the convention got together
this evening Chairman Johnston took
the Kenton County contest under ad
visement, after which he decided in
favor of the regular delegates in two
districts and threw out the third.
Johnston then announced the result of
the ballot for temporary chairman, de
claring Redwine elected by a vote of I
551 5-6 to 529 1-6 for Sweeney. This I
marked the success of the first step In
the Stone-Ooebel combination. The an
nouncement was received with tumult
uous applause. Judge Redwine made a
brief speech of thanks to the conven- i
tion and assumed the chair. After em
powering the chairman to appoint com
mittee members of the State at large
the convention adjourned until to
morrow morning.
River Steamers Save Time.
STOCKTON. June 2L— The "cut off", at
the Junction of Stockton channel and the
Fnn Toaouln Is finished and the boats now
run by the new route. The narrow bends
In the river just as the r-hannel is ap
prnnrhed have for yeara hno n troublesome
to pilots and the new improvement, while
not shortening the distance materially, is
n preat paver of time and temper.
.Swinging the big steamers around the
point in a narrow channel and against
the current is no longer necessary.
Steam Harvesters In Use
RIO VISTA. June 21.— Harvesting has
commenced In earnest throughout this
sicilon. A large number of steam har
vesters are engaged in the work, In the
Montezuma hills the barley crop has been
exceedingly large, averaging twenty
eight Hacks to the acre, while on the isl
ands hereabout* the crop will average
about forty sacks. The wheat crop will
be about twenty sacks to the acre.
MILES NOT SENT
TO PHILIPPINES
PRESIDENT
SATISFIED
WITH OTIS
Insurgent Army Takes to
the Hills and Swamps
Beyond Imus.
Sppoial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HE ADQUARTERS,
WELLING TON HOTEL.
WASHINGTON, June 21.—
It is authoritatively denied that the
President has any intention of send
ing Major General Miles to the Phil
ippines. Major General Otis is con
ducting the campaign satisfactorily,
and the President does not propose
to reflect upon him by dispatching
his senior to relieve him. General
Miles told me to-day tnat he had not
applied for service in Manila, and
he had heard nothing from the Presi
dent to lead him to suppose that that
official proposed to give him orders to
proceed to that point.
MANILA, June 21, 3:21 p. in.— The in
surgent army has taken to the swamps
and hills beyond Imus. The largest
force is supposed to he in the neigh
borhood of San Francisco de la Mala
bon, holding a posrtion more toward
the lake or toward the coast, acnrd
ing as exigencies demand.
General "Wheaton returned to Imus
to-day, bringing three men who were
wounded in yesterday's fighting.
The heavy rains that fall nightly
make campaigning uncomfortable. The
roads are still good, but the rice fields
adjoining them are pools of water.
The Filipinos will not fight unless
they can meet our troops in positions
most advantageous to themselves or
take our ree«>nnoitering bodies in am
bush.
It is impossible to learn what effect
the recent defeat has had upon their
leaders. This should be disheartening,
for they had boasted that the Amer
icans could never conquer the province
of Cavlte, Aguinaldo's home county,
where he always worsted the Span
iards.
General Otis recently received a let
ter signed by native women of the
province declaring that if all the men
were killed the women would still keep
up the fight against the Americans.
Copies of the insurgent organ, Inde
pendencia. show that the Filipinos'
hopes nf success are kept aflame by po
litical movements in America.
The Independencia prints reports of
alleged speeches made at alleged meet
ings in the United States denouncing
the war, and it a-sserts that these repre
sent the dominant American sentiment.
It declares also that the Fllipin«rs will
"ntinue the war until the next Presi
dential campaign, which is "sure to re
sult in a decision to withdraw the
American troops from the Philippines."
It is reported that the Spanish garri
son at Baler, in the province of Prin
cipe, on the east coast of Luzon, which
had become reduced to thirty-three
m^n, finally surrendered to the Fili
pinos after holding out for a year. The
Filipinos imprisoned two Englishmen at
Tachbobona. on the Island of Samar.
southeast of Luzon. The British first
class cruiser Grafton steamed to the
point from Cebu and their commander
demanded their release. When this was
refused he landed a force of marines
and cleared his ship for action, where
upon the Englishmen were handed over.
LIST OF CASUALTIES
AMONG AMERICAN TROOPS
WASHINGTON, June 21. — General
Otis reports the following additional
casualties;
KILLED.
fourteenth Infantry— June 10, Company
I. Thomas \V. Andrews, near Las Plnns;
June 13. Company D, William Someri. Ell
Goodren, at /Capote River.
Fourth Infantry— Near Das Marinas,
June 20, Company B. Corporal Pete Goorsk;
Company K. William F. Cook; Company
D. Daniel Donovan; Company X, Charlea
Hope.
WOUNDED.
Second Oregon— At Norzagaray, April 25,
Company F. Quartermaster Sergeant
Charles R. Herrington, head, slight.
Fourteenth Infantry — Near Las Pirns
and Znpote, June 1". 11 and IX. Company
L. First Lieutenant H. G. Learneard, le~,
slight; Company K. Charles Girton. face,
slight; Company L, Harry K. Emory
slight; Robert C. Ryan, leg, severe; Enoch
WalgTen, eye, slight.
Twelfth Infantry-Company 1,. "William
L. Gilliardy, head and hand, moderate;
John Long, shoulder, moderate.
First Montana— At San Fernando, June
16, Cornpnny C, Warren Morris, shoulder
slight; Charles K. Robb. thigh, slight.
Company M. David Silver, abdomen, se
vere. Company A. Sergeant George W.
P.'.nrdman. lip. slight; James "W. C. I>.-n
--nis. back, slight.
Twentieth Kansas— Company M, Wil
liam F.ckworth. shoulder, severe.
Seventeenth Infantry— Company G John
Beaudreau, elbow, slfjjht: Robert 'Ford
foot, slight. Company C, Bergeant James
IT. Laughton, arm, slight.
Fifty-first lowa— Company C, David
Wnlllng. forearm, moderate. Company D.
Nathan D. Rockfellow, lung, severe'
Charles E. Lucas, ear. slight; Louis S
Woodruff, finger, slight. Company X
Corporal L. D. Sheets, thigh, severe."
Fourth Infantry— Near Das Marinas
June 19, Company B, Paul "Wagner face'
severe; Frank Huss. leg. moderate; Frank
Sulks, thigh, moderate; Herbert Manfflln
abdomen, severe. Company D. William
Donnelly, face, severe; Thomas Charleton
thigh, severe; Clarence Martin, abdomen'
moderate; William G. Henry, arm slight'
W. C. Halnes. arm. slight; Artificer
George Dillis, abdomen, severe. Company
X, Charles F. Kr?°ger. forearm, slight
Charles A. Layman, moderate; Thomas
Pnrker. thigh, moderate; Artificer Edgar
Kip Hart, thigh, severe.. Company L
Arnold I. Mason, chest, severe' Fred
Davis, leg. moderate; William Prignitz
knee and leg. moderate; Corporal William
T. Lang, neck, severe.
ACQUISITION OF SPANISH
ISLANDS BY GERMANY
BERLIN. June 21.— 1n the Reichstag
to-day, during the discussion of the sup
plementary credits for the protectorates
and the loan therefor, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs. Baron yon Bulow, again
defended the acquisition of the Spanish
islands, which, he said, the Government
i had long entertained, as iuwould tend to
the development of Germany's old pos
sessions. He added that he was no
builder of castles in the air, but had pro
ceeded quietly, soberly and advisedly, as
In the case of Kiaorhau, and asserted he
', win justified In assuming that the new
possessions would prove most valuable,
commercially, for German industry and
(Jerman enterprise in those regions
which henceforth would be able to ad
vance under much more favorable con
ditions. The islands, he explained, were
admirably suited for cultivation and
might in time to- come be bases for com
mercial Intercourse between Asia, South
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
SENATOR BATE NOT
FOR IMPERIALISM
SENATOR W. B. BATE OF TENNESSEE.
FRESNO, June 21.— United States Senator W. B. Bate of Tennessee, who
has been visiting relatives in this city for the past week or so, left
last night for Los Angeles to visit his daughter, Mrs. Childs, and his
Bister, Mrs. Tyree of that city. In an interview before leaving Senator
Bate expressed his views on public topics quite plainly.
"I opposed Hawaiian annexation," said the Senator, "because it was in
violation of the principles of the Monroe doctrine, and because it represents
a violation of the spirit and genius of our Government; moreover, because
we want no such representatives as the races of Hawaii and the Philippine
Islands would send us. I am equally oppcrsed to the colonial system."
Senator Bate said this system would cause us to follow in the footsteps of
monarchies. It would lead us in the path that led republican Rome to de
struction. Colonization means centralization; centralization means imper
ialism and a large standing army. This last is one of the evil consequences
to be dreaded from the present war in the Philippines.
"The fact that I was elected without opposition," continued the Senator,
"indicates that the people of Tennessee are in harmony with this view.
The people of the South are opposed to expansion. On this coast, and espe
cially in San Francisco. I have found the expansion principle largely fa
vored and advocated by the wealthy classes and wholesale merchants, and
by those who are commonly known as goldbugs."
Bate said a very small part of the Populists will refrain from co-operat
ing with the Democracy, especially if Mr. Bryan Is the leader. Another
thing which is encouraging is that a large portion of the German element In
the Northwestern States, which are doubtful, is in sympathy with the De
mocracy and against expansion.
America and Germany. From the out-
Bet the Minister also said, Germany
could dispense with the costly military
establishments of Spain. During the
course of his remarks Baron yon Rulow
said: ''We hold it to be our first duty to
see that our relations with other powers
are undisturbed by the new acquisition,
and hope that our relations with the im
mediate neighbors of the islands, name
ly, the Americans and Japanese, will only
become more intimate. We have not
thought of placing ourselves in opposi
tion to the Americans in the South Pa
cific, and we as little wish to prejudice
American interest? as America contem
plates injuring us without cause or rea
son." , ,
The Reichstag: subsequently passed the
second reading of the credit for the pur
chase of the islands, with the loan bill
and the commercial convention with
Spain attached.
BARON DU MARAIS
MURDERED BY FILIPINOS
MADRID. June 21.— A dispatch to the
Imparcial from Manila says Baron dv
Marais, a Frenchman, who Avent to the
rebel camp to Intervene in behalf of
the Spanish prisoners in the hands of
the Filipinos, has been treacherously
murdered.
The first report of the murder of
Baron dv Marais was received in New j
York from Manila under dates of May |
11 and May 16. It was announced that
T. B. dv Marais of Philadelphia, a
brother of Baron dv Marais, was seek
ing information concerning the fate of
the Baron. Adjutant General Corbln
telegraphed to Major General Otis, who
replied as follows: "A committee of ;
citizens sent Citizen dv Marais to the j
insurgent authorities to intercede for j
the release of the Spanish prisoners.
The last information regarding him was '
that he was with Luna's forces at Cal
umpit, before the town was captured.
It is the belief of many citizens here
that Dv Marais was murdered. Others j
believe that he is held a prisoner."
INGERSOLL TALKS
AS AN EXPANSIONIST
PHILADELPHIA, June 21.— Colonel
Robert G. Ingersoll, in response to a re
quest for his views on the Philippine
question, said to-night:
"I am an expansionist. This country
has land hunger and expansion is popu
lar. J want all we can honestly set. But
I do not want the Philippines unless the
Filipinos want us. and I feel exactly the
same about the Cubans. We must act
nobly to the Filipinos, whether we got
the "islands or not. I would like to bee
peace between us and the Filipinos— peace
honorable to both; peace based on reason
Instead of force."
Dew y at Colombo.
COLOMBO, Island of Ceylon, June 22,
6 a. m.— The United States cruiser Olym
pla, with Admiral Dewey, has just ar
rived from Singapore.
Mary Wanted to Die.
Mary Casnero, a Mexican girl, nineteen
years of age, who lives on Hinckley alley,
attempted suicide last night by swallow
ing a dose of precipitate of mercury. She
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where she was treated by Dr. yon
der Lelth. She recovered sufficiently In
a short time to be able to go home. She
says that she had no money and preferred
suicide to death by starvation.
Fireman Jumps Overboard.
Harry Lane, a man about 45 years .of
age, who shipped on the tug Rescue as a j
fireman on her recent trip to Coos Bay,
jumped overboard on the trip. His body
was recovered by the sailors and brought
to this city, arriving last night, and was
taken to ihe Morgue.
DENTISTS ACCOMPLISH
GREAT DEAL OF WORK
INTERESTING DEMONSTRATIONS
MADE IN CLINICS.
At the Night Session Several In
structive Papers Were Read and
Discussed at Length.
Much work was accomplished yesterday
at the second day's session of the twenty
eighth annual convention of the California
Dental Association. The morning' session
was devoted to routine business and the
appointment of several important com
mittees, among which was a committee
to examine into the matter of having
dentists appointed to the army and navy.
The matter of appointing delegates to the
national convention of the association was
left to the president. The following appli
cants for membership in the association,
having been approved by the board of
trustees, were elected: "W. R. Linscott,
A. J. Hineker. G. W. Earl, G. H. Kreich
baum, J. Moran Pearce. W. A. Atwood
C R. "Wilcoxon. T. A. Vogel and C. S.
Zelgler. A paper on "Dental Education"
w;ts read by I'r. W. A. Knowles, and one
on "The Choice of Proper Filling Ma
terials" by Dr. J. Foster Flagg. Both
papers were discussed at some length by
the dentists.
The afternoon session was devoted en
tirely to the clinics and proved to be ex
tremely interesting. Dr. S. L. Strickland
of San Francisco demonstrated cataphor-
Fsis and rool canal filling: Dr. G. E. Stall
man of San Francisco demonstrated metal
posts for abutments in crown and bridge
work; Dr. A. M. Barker of San Jose dem
onstrated insertion of disto-ocolusal gold
lining without matrix, using Perry sepa
rator: T)r. A. F. Merrlam of wakland
demonstrated the use of the napkin In the
mouth in gold filling; Dr. E. R. Tait of
' Oakland showed the use of creosoted
charcoal points in alveolar abscess "with
treatment; Dr. A. C. Hart of San Fran
cisco showed treatment for the prevention
of decay in the teeth and ajso the making
of an. antiseptic mouth wash; Dr. Rus
sell Hopkins of San Francisco showed the
process of implantation and the use of
silk ligatures in orthodontla, and Dr C
Deiehmiller of San Francisco gave a dem
onstration of combination gold and ce
ment filling and the administration of
chloroform by means of an inhaler admit
ting atmospheric air.
The night session was prefaced by a
general discussion of the afternoon work
in clinics. This proved to be very inter
esting and gratifying to the members of
the association. The following and ex
haustive papers were then read and dis
cussed: "The Conduct of Practice." Dr
T>. Van Orden of San Francisco; "Some
of Our Failures— Their Cause and Rem
edy." Dr. W. J. Taylor of Sacramento
and "What Constitutes an Ethical Prac
titioner," Dr. Frank L. Platt of San
Francisco.
The third day of the convention prom
ises to see much work accomplished, and
the dentists will be called to order at 9\V)
o'clock this morning in the auditorium of
the Y. M. C. A. building.
ATTACHES THE SCENERY.
H. P. Ducket Wants Pay for Work
Done for Japanese Theatrical
Manager.
Deputy Sheriff Leon Veiller last night
at 8 o'clock served an attachment against
S. K. Mitsusp, manager of the Japanese
company now performing at the Califor
nia. The attachment was for $250, and
was in favor of H. P. Ducket, who
painted some special scenery for Mit
suse'a company. The matter was ad
.iustPd temporarily by S. H. Friedlander
manager of the California Theater who
assured the deputy that he would' hold
the scenery for Ducket. With this as
surance the scenery was allowed to be
used for the performance last night
Friedlander said last night that the
money was due Ducket, and that he did
not have the slightest doubt that he
would be paid.
HOLLS RECEIVES
NO SATISFACTION
So He Starts to Find the
Kaiser.
PEACE WORK AT THE HAGUE
GLOOMY VIEW OF EUROPEAN
PRESS PREMATURE.
Delegates at the Conference Yet Hope
to Accomplish Something in
the Way of Mediation
and Arbitration.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN. June 21.— Mr. Holls
has been to Berlin, and yester
day managed to see both the
Chancellor and Minister of For
eign Affairs. Not obtaining any
satisfaction, he started off to
find the Kaiser, who to-morrow
arrives at Kiel.
THE HAGUE, June 21.— The best in
formed circles here do not share the
gloomy views of the European press
regarding the peace conference. After
a week's adjournment, the arbitration
committee met for a short time to-day.
Dr. Zorn of the German delegation and
Frederick Holls of the American dele
gation attended. Mr. Holls expressed
himself as satisfied with the results of
the trip he took to Berlin in company
with Dr. Zorn, and the German dele
gates have been instructed to take part
in the deliberations of the arbitration
committee which will now continue
brisk work pending the final decision of
Germany.
The disarmament committee, to
whom was submitted the circular of
Count Muravieff, has considered the
second, third and fourth paragraphs
in .sub-committee, the result being a
negative vote upon all three, on the
ground that it would be impossible to
decide upon a satisfactory plan for
checking the continued improvements
in explosive ordnance. This decision
wlli be submitted to the committee to
morrow. The first paragraph of the
circular, which proposes to arrest the
increase of land and sea forces and war
budgets, has not yet been touched.
The Russians, its is said, intend to in
troduce fresh proposals, and it is not
doubted that the conference will reach
important proposals on the last four
paragraphs of the circular supplement
ing the Geneva convention and the
Brussels conference, and providing for
mediation and arbitration.
UNITED WORKMEN TO
COMPETE FOR PRIZES
Rewards Hung Up for the Lodges
Making Largest Gains in
Membership.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. June 21.— The
Supreme Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen completed its business
to-day. Many of the representatives left
for their homes to-nipht and the remain
der will g-pt away to-morrow.
A new jurisdiction, to he composed of
Arizona and New Mexico, was formed.
A special committee of seven was ap
pointed to consider the new relief law and
report at the next meeting: of the Supreme
Lodtje It was also decided to offer a
prize of $2000 to the Jurisdiction making a
pain of 2") per cent from June 1, 1599. to
June 1. 1!W. providing- that the increase
exceeded 10fl0 new members. A prize of
$1000 was offered to any jurisdiction which
had less than 2000 members on June 1,
1899, which Bhall make a net increase of
not less than 500 members. It was decided
to continue the issuance of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen Bulletin, and
$2.">00 was Bet aside for the purpose. A
committee on vital statistics was instruct
ed to continue and the report of the relief
hoard was adopted. Standing' committees
were appointed as follows:
Financial— W. Warner Wilson. Detroit: X. S.
Bryam, Indianapolis, and Joseph Grass, Bal
timore.
Laws— J. W. Kinsley. Helena. Mont., and
George W. Winstead. Knoxville, Term.
Appeals— W. A. Barrows, Mount Holy, N. J.,
IV S. Palmer. Denver, and Charles G. Hinds,
Shakoi^e, Minn.
Hoard of arbitration— J. Edward Burtt. Bos
ton; Lewis li. Troutt. Chicago: J. E. Rlggs,
Lawrence. Kans.. J. G. Tate, Lincoln, Nebr.,
and W. S. Robson. La Grange. Texas.
Advisory committee, decree of honor— W. H.
Barner. San Frenclsco; .T. Hosford, Lincoln,
Xehr.. and R. R. Farren, Xew Haven, Conn.
Vital statistics— A. P. Riddle, Minneapolis,
Minn.
Advisory committee— lT. C. Sessions. Sioux
Fall?. S. n. : W. C. Richardson, St. Louis, and
A. P. Riddle. Minneapolis. Kans.
Special committee on relief— J. C. Blckford
Manchester. X. H. : H. C. Sessions. Sioux Falls
S. D. : Webb McXall. Gaylnrd. Kans. ; F. B.
Rer-khop, Dcs Molnes: M. W. Sackett. Mead
ville. Pa.: D. 11. Shields. Hannibal, Mo., and
H. B. Dlckson. Buffalo, X. Y.
NEW AGRICULTURAL DISTRICT
Preliminary Steps Taken at Wood
land for Its Formation.
WOODLAND. June 21.— At a public
mooting- held on Tuesday evening- the pre
liminary steps were taken toward the
formation of a new agricultural district,
for which the last Legislature made an
appropriation. The following gentlemen
were named as eligible for directors:
Charles Hoppin of Yolo. John Reith Jr.
of Davisville, C. A. Stevens of Cadenassa
J. O. Chalmers, C. F. Burns. A. M. Britt!
Charles Nelson and Sam Montgomery of
Woodland.
The secretary was instructed to notify
these gentlemen to meet at the law office's
of A. W. North, in this city, next Satur
day afternoon at 2 o'clock for the purpose
of organization. At that time the officers
must be 'elected and the articles of incor
poration prepared in legal form. The
Governor will then be notified of the ac
tion of the meeting of the association and
the election of Its directors, the meeting
of the directors and the Incorporation
It Is then the duty of the Governor to ap
point eight directors, but he is not re
stricted to the names selected by the
meeting 1 .
The Fourth at Rio Vista.
RIO VISTA, June 21.— The Fourth of
July will be fittingly celebrated at this
place. During the day a picnic will be
held at Gardiner's Grove, above town
and various sports will enliven things A
grand ball in the evening will conclude
the day's programme. The proceeds de
rived from the celebration will go to the
Fire Department.
OBDONTUNDER!
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
llcensar-to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file In our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR 90
DATS, commencing June 17.
EXTRACTION. 2Be: CROWNS. *2.00 to S1O.OO;
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BOe PLATES, *3.00 to .112.5O:
FILLINGS, 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK. 93.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, Blsf GEARY ST., Bet. flyde and Larkin.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DRUIDS HONOR
SIEG'S MEMORY
.Services Held at His
Grave.
BEAUTIFUL FLORAL TRIBUTES
LODGE OFFICERS PRONOUNCE
EULOGIES.
Grand Grove Will To-Day Name the
Men Who Shall Conduct Its
Affairs for the Ensuing
Term.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., June 21.— The
Grand Grove of the United Ancient
Order of Druids devoted its forenoon
session to business. Two brothers re
ceived the grand arch degree. A reso
lution making an appropriation for the
support of the Druids' Magazine was
adopted. ..e decisions of the noble
grand arch in the appeals of Mazzini
Grove and B. Pellegini, involving pro
cedure in the trials of brothers before
the subordinate groves, were upheld by
the Grand C .ye upon the recommen
dation of the committee on appeals and
grievances.
The proposition to change the right
of representation from one represen
tative for every twenty-five members
to one representative for every fifty
members provoked the most important
discussion of the session. Numerous
representatives took part, among whom
were Past Noble Grand Arch Goller, in
favor of the proposition, and Past No
ble Grand Arch Devoto against the
change. The proposition was almost
unanimously voted down.
The election of grand officers will
take place to-morrow. The contest for
deputy grand arch is assuming inter
esting proportions. Six candidates are
in the field and it is difficult to predict
who will be the successful one. Hagen,
Lange, Godeau, Schord and O'Donneil
are the leading candidates.
At the afternoon session of the Grand
Grove reports of committees were re
ceived and adopted.
At 4 o'clock p. m. the Grand Grove
adjourned and in a body proceeded to
Union Cemetery, where it held me
morial services at the grave of the late
Frederick Sieg, P. G. N. A., the founder
of Druidism on the Pacific Coast. The
grave was decorated with many beauti
ful floral pieces and wreaths of oak and
mistletoe, and eloquent addresses on
the life and character of Mr. Sieg were
delivered by Past Noble Grand Arch
Devoto and District Deputy Grand
Arch Mayer of this city.
To-night the visitors were entertained
with an open-air concert, a ball at the
opera-house and a banquet at Confi
dence Hall.
FET KEE'S FACTORY
SEIZED FOR FRAUD
CHINESE PUNKS SOLD FOR IM-
PORTED WEEDS.
Internal Revenue Department De
frauded by the Use of Refilled
Cigar Boxes and Uncan
celed Stamps.
Burt M. Thomas, special agent of in
ternal revenue, conferred a favor upon
cig-ar smokers yesterday by seizing the
cigar factory of the Capitol Cigar Com- j
pany at 649 Clay street and placing its
proprietor, Fet Kee. alias Choo Yee. un
der arrest for refilling cigar boxes with
cigars and for placing cigars in old boxes
on which the revenue stamps had not |
been destroyed and for using an imitation
imported label.
Several weeks ago Agent Thomas dis
covered that Chinese-made cigars were
being sold under popular brands of Key
West and Havana firms. These inferior
cigars were sold at $40 per thousand, while
the genuine article which they were re- j
placing were selling at from $S0 to $90 per
thousand.
Mr. Thomas traced the counterfeit j
weeds to a white retail dealer, whose i
name he declines to make public. This
dealer had been in the habit of bringing
the empty cigar boxes to the factory and
having them tilled with the Chinese-made
article. By leaving the old revenue
stamps on the boxes he was enabled to
save the tax, which amounts to $3 <>0 per
thousand. Fet Yee. being in the business
of making and selling cigars, filled the
boxes without question and took his
money with thanks.
The white man was given four of the
empty boxes found in his possession after
they had been privately marked with the
initials of the revenue officials and were !
sent to the factory. Fet Kee filled them
with 4-cent cigars, but the white man had
but money sufficient to pay for two boxes,
which he took away, leaving the other
two in the factory to be called for. They
were called for about an hour afterward
by Mr. Thomas and posse and were found
In the factory neatly filled.
The factory, containing 200.000 cigars, !
besides h large quantity of tobacco, was
seized. The value of the plant and stock
is about $10,000. The penalty for Fet Kee's
offense is the confiscation of the* entire
plant and stock and imprisonment for six
months to two years, with a fine added.
Such cases are usually compromised on
payment of a money penalty.
MRS. PARRY ARRAIGNED.
She Secures Her Release on New
Bonds Which Are Considered
Satisfactory.
Mrs. May Parry was arraigned in Judgo
Graham's court yesterday morning on the
charge of manslaughter )n causing the |
death of her husband. She was heavily
veiled and was accompanied by her
mother, Mrs. Van Valkenburg, and her
attorney. George A. Knight. The court
room was crowded.
She was instructed as to her rights by
the Judge and arraigned, and by consent
the preliminary examination was con
tinued till June 2S. This concluded the
proceedings.
Attorney Knight secured the release of
the defendant on a new bond, the sure
ties being Attorney Knight and the de
fendant's mother, who gave further de
tails as to her property in Woodland on
which she qualified to Bond Expert New
man.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
m i-_L_ l—^—j STUDY
ISiiu&S* ''wfcwwl ' YOU ARE
HP ,A, y^K 'SS^ 7(i,mqJ The nerv-
' ''^ '"'.*?' L-i A ■ 'WSK ous system
mm. jW' Yf py^-M- A MB plays an im-
B / ("-/M^tSa BH rortant part
W-,^M ■■'//;/ V I&' 1 B ln the econ-
Mi'MR Ww \ )^^fci v :Hi orn v nf life -
■Sß / 1 \\ Km , ym therefore it
Ml 'i'■' ' \H NW^v'»W should b«
SflH 1 ' i ■ WLiM cry or - an in
BiM ■ I , the human
E£^HU< m AiiA' idmma^M, system is
WB'l'l V Dffl controlled by
wm/rrm , m ■ ■ mmtnmt nerves; an
v ■^Hbß our inipfeu-
j, H 1 • ■^BHBH s!o n 8 are*
wSsBB Bin ' hHHB re ' '°' ' e 1
■^HJHj ' ' H9 ,^B^HHE throush the,
jßesaaß ffio ■H^HK ncrv 'eB. With-
■^BHß 1 ' ' HHHHB ' v r nerves
FffjrfflTl mß^^Bs there would
IBflft BBIHHh he no hurnnn
IBIMTOPJ* BSOII Bfflßl HV ex ' sten c. c.
MMeT '^^H an ' ' wlth
poor nerved
overworked,
■■"^^■•^^ ■■■■■■■^^■^^■^■■■^•■■* overtaxed or
broken - down,
nerves, existence becomes miserable.
Nervous Prostration visits many, and yet It la
an affliction that can be avoided, even though
the nerves are weak. Let us study the pre-
monitory symptoms:
Figure 1 denotes headache, dull or throbbing.
Figure 2, hollow eyes and blurred vision. Fig-
ure 3, twitching of muscles of face. Figure 4,
fluttering of heart. Figure 5, impaired diges-
tion. Figure 6-6, weakness of arms. Figure.
7-7, weakness of legs. Other symptoms are
dizzy spells, coated tongue, loss of appetite,
sleeplessness, nervousness, lack of energy and
impaired memory. The above are all symptoms
of nerve weakness — impending nervous prostra-'
tion.
.4 4. HUDYAN will cure.
/ n/ir-M «Mr. • HUDYAN is a spe-
[ MEN AND cifk , tor all nervous
I WOMEN troubles. HUDYAN
ADVISED gives strength and tone
FREE. to the nerves. HUD-
Call or Write. VAN will promptly re-
.4. xlleve the above symp-
r toms. HUDYAN will
strengthen all the organs and stimulate them
to perfect activity. HUDYAN will cure ner-
vousness, nervous headaches, nervous dyspep-
sia, nervous weakness, nervous prostration, all
nervous disorders. HUDYAN cures are perma-
nent.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner
Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, ( al.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN doc-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF.
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
\ ■»-0-»-0 ■♦■O-*- O-»-O-»-O ■♦- ©-♦-O-*-O-* ; O-»-0-V0i»t
'♦' aa +•
¥IPHY ♦
i mm II 1 j
O PjK3B|EffjflßflEflK3H|HflßHHS| r\
o 6J
♦ M Natural Mineral Water
4 Jam known for centuries and +.
O ff^Sw imported q,
X J^^Wk ONLY IN BOTTLES. £
♦ #^w^flL or Disordered Stomach ♦■
♦ JfJiPiip an(^ digestion. ?
0 agaaaeaha Its value has been test!- O
T l^rJ.'^'-~q^j fied to by thousands. 4"
2 VICHY • [ So.called Vichy in Sy- 2
6 ■C'SSaEir' phons ♦
♦ K^ml is not vichy - ?
♦ 'illri Get the Genuine. ~s.
** "**i iii 1 1 'iri^**^ 1 ,
a Your physician ■">
3s^ls^j?d^S w ''' recommend it. ♦,
4 Sl-iPggg A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent £
•♦o-«-o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-o ■♦- o-*o-»-o -♦■©-♦-o-»-.0-*i
Health is Wealth.
1 NERVE P BAI M ,
.eTa JMC^HVi. m Jsßsst"^^* iff3ss?^"-" '. X^fijj
OR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
lasoldnnder positive "Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory.
Dizziness, Wakefulnoss, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
deuce. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Ezceasivo Uee of Tobacco, Opium,
i or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
; Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
; box; six for $5; with written cnarantee'to
core or reftind money. Sample pack-
age, containing five daye r treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only Bold to
each person. At store or by mail. _^^^^.
tj^-Reci Label Specia!^^^|
Extra Strength. wSp^l
For Impotency, Loss of«^ <l <Tv l l
Power, Lost Manhood, Wl isL j
Sterility or Barrenness.^ p^. /"/
$1 a box; six for $5, withfrJ^»sj</
written KuaranteeMMLTt&V.
__ to cure in 30 days. At store''! '-''/^P _fl
BEFORE or by mail. '- AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole A*ts.,
tH Kearny St.. San Francisco.
.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great, )
Jmuseum OF ANATOMY'
9 Q} 1051MAEZETST.bet.6±ft7a,S.P.Cil. i
\ f^[ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
m Wortd. \V eaknesses or any contracted g
L. fi^p»- ?^CT disease posltlw^ly cared by the oldest W
# |g »1 s P eclaliiton the Coast- list. 36 years. 0
i $W*& OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES i
A I^^l Consultation fr<re and strictly private. \
B U Wl Trr.uinent prrson.illy rr by letter. aJ
I V ffl fir VI ft Positive Cure in every case undertaken. W
'• M // \\th Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of a
"II •II ninnUGE, MAILED FREE. (a "
i fl fl/ valuable book for mm) k
V OR JOBD AST A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F V
MAKE PERFECT MEM
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Su-
ffer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
agf B worst cases of \ervnu« Debility ar»
WH »«M* absolutely cured by I'KRFKf'TO
•Kte TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
ww somnia, laili»(r memory and the waste
tjSVtV^WBr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
*L--\®^^ indiscretions or excesses of early years.
»— \^&-r~' Impart vipor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give bloom to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of A^fTNyounporold.
One 50c box renews vital energy . J2AJL2 " boxes at
$2.50 a complete guaranteed cu re TjTJWor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ■■• |1 pocket. Sold
where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vie* by THE PKHFKITO CO., (>-^.. rtlrt*.. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
KHIIDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
■■jjajsra Five hundred reward for any
ii l * ir * "'"tii case we cannot cure. This secret;
3 - ■ remedy stops all losses In M
1&39 ES hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
ivJvjl P/?fl tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
U^y WAli Gleet, Fits. Strictures, Lost
jJMLJHk] i'anhood and all wasting effect*
fc_ I:"''' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Col. Also
for sale at 1073 V, Market st.. S. P. All private
disease* quickly cured. Send for free book.
&
V£aJ^33o MARKET ST.S.F.^SS^
PArr n n \/ a I corner Fourth and
CAFE nUlnl am P » n *
UIIIU lI\J I 1 1 L. 6c . overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market-
Weekly Gall, $1.00 per Year
34
LOST THEIR LIVES
IN QUEST OF GOLD
Klondike Mortuary Record as Re
ported for The Call by
Sam. W. Wall.
• SEATTLE, June 21.— 1n a letter just received from Sam W. Wall
5 he sends the following list of deaths reported at Dawson since his last
g transcript of the record:
ft S. W. HANKS, February 16, Australian; heart disease.
O DAN JOHNSON. February IS, Sweden; peritonitis.
§ FRED SCHEISIG, February 24, Germany; scurvy.
i* D, M. BATES, February 26, United States; internal hemorrhage,
v WILLIAM HENRY STEVENS, February 28, London; disease of the
.-. liver.
S3 K. K. ALFSTADT, March 3, Norway; heart disease.
O MRS. MUSSER, March 8; anaemia.
i; PATRICK J. HEFFERN, March 10; exhaustion.
£ ELI GEORGE, March 13, Los Angeles; tumor of the brain.
# ALBERT J. KENNISTON, Septemper 17, 1898. New Zealand; moun
**■ tain fever.
c i JOHN REYNOLDS, March 18. England; phthisis.
& WILLIAM HORFORD. March 22, New Brunswick; pneumonia.
**, HENRY BURNETT, March 28. England; Brighfs disease.
S WILLIAM DENKER, March 30, Germany; heart disease.
O CHARLES K. PRITCHARD, March 31, California; peritonitis.
i* LOUIS OLSON, April 2, Norway; tuberculosis.
<: JOSEPH PLANT, April 5, North Adams, Mass.; scurvy.
FERDINAND ANDERSON, April 9, residence unknown; suicide by
2; shooting.
O JOHN NELSON, April 13, Pennsylvania; scurvy.
•5 The following were reported from Stewart River:
S MIKE KLOPFENSKEIN. October 5; suicide by poison.
O PAUL BODINE, October 25; Bright's disease.
.* REGINALD ROSS, November 29; typhoid.
£ THOMAS LADEMAN PARKER, December 15, Aberdeen, Scotland;
O anaemia.
•*< WILLIAM OTTO KODATZ, December 26; complication of diseases.
H JOHN W. SMITH, February 18, Maine; Brighfs disease.
0
•\v\"O f .O\O*i 8888888 8888888888888888£t8888 *. v'.v'.O'.v'.OV
CORPSE BURIED
UNDER A LOG
Murder Mystery at Da-
mons Point.
Special nispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 21.— Daniel Duwney,
whose residence is on Damons Point,
is in jail at Ab rdeen on a charge of
having murdered his partner, Joseph
rson. According to Downey, An
n started two weeks ago in Dow
ney's boat to sual ten boxes of Quinalt
salmon at the Oychut dock, and never
returned. The boat was found. Last
week Downey was arrested and tried
stealing the fish, liut for want of
evidence was discharged. He then de
clared Anderson had been drowned
while stealing the lish, and that he had
advised Anderson 1 1 •• t to pt^al them.
On Saturday Undertaker Beardslee
and Coroner Bush of Westport were
notified that. Anderson's body had been
: The former went to Da
- Point, at the mouth of the har
bor, and after a long search discovered
the body under a log, and covered, as if
It had been buried with mud ami sand.
It was Impossible for the body t>. have
got there, thus covered, without human
agency. The body was brought to
Aberdeen and examined by Che Coro
nter and others. It was found that the
throat >if th>- unfortunate man had
!>• en cut from ear to ear ami the skull
i. rushed.
The theory is thai the partners had
n the lish together and quarreled
ovei the division, the dispute ending in
Downey striking Anderson on the
. and then cutting his throat. The
was then disposed ot under the
ii a place Beldom visited by any
■ i c.
It is learned that Downey an 1 Ander
son were Inclined to quarrel with each
other at times, and it i? reported
th.it • !.»■ quarrel went bo far that Dow
threatened to silence Anderson for
dII time. The evidence against Downey
is purely circumstantial, but his impli
\ed to be the only f"lu
t:'in i f ih.- mystery surrounding Ander
son's death. Even then it set-ins im
pn bable thai they would have quar
. cvei a division of th" Btolen ten
bnx< h of salmon.
; i, wney's examination will takf> place;
to-morrow. Il» Is supposed to be going
under an assumed name, having got
Into a shooting scrape in Oregon. He
has been known as a rough character,
while Anderson always was regarded aa
a law-abiding and peaceful man.
MANY DEFECTIVE BALLOTS.
Washoe County Recount Proceeding
at Carson.
CARSON, June M.— The count of the
Washoe County ballots was resumed be
ihe Supreme Court to-day In th«
Governorship contest. In the Second
Ward of Reno Sadler filf.i objections to
defective ba lots, McMillan to none.
In thf Third Wu rd 5.i.11.r till <i objections
tw twelve McMillan to six. In the
Fourth Ward Sadler objected to ten, M> -
Millan to noi ■ ■ ■ ■•.;■. cted Washoe
County will l •• finished to-morrow, when
Store: County will be taken up. The;
count in Washoe bo ;',ir resulted In sixty
five objections by Sadler and nine by Me-
Millan. Sadler has a number of balloyi in
tnds of till Supreme Court '>n wnich
no decision has yet been tiled. Should the
usual pei ■ - objections be bus- ,
i It will put him in the !•■ I. Mc-
Millan has been attending court In per
son the past two days.
Child Burned to Death
uuiarj, mano, dune _i.--- 1 :ie o-year-oin
child of Mr. and Mr?. M. C. Hull was j
burned to death here to-day. Her clothes i
'aught fire from a match and were burned
/f hpr on.lv . . i
ADVEP-TISEMENTS.
IN CASES.
Of perfect and reliable purity, unerjualed for
medicinal and table use, and guaran-
teed by shippers.
CHARLES JITEINECKE & CO.,
Cole Agenta, $14 Sacramento Street, 6. T.
GREAT BRITAIN
AND VENEZUELA
Argument Before Boun-
dary Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, June 21. — The Venezuelan bound
ary commission reassembled at 11 o'clock
this morning, and Sir Richard Webster, I
the British Attorney General, resumed his
speech In behalf of the case of Great Brit
ain. Dealing with the period from WOO to
1637, he said Great Britain was unable to 1
rely on the Spanish records of Venezuelan
control and was compelled to fall back
upon the discovery and circumnavigation,
so called, of the unit of Guiana. Venezuela
arguing that Guiana was a defined area,
that Spain had discovered that defined
area and had taken part, In the name of
the svholi -taking such possession as to J
tntitle them to the whole.
In close detail Sir Richard Webster ex
amined th< work of the various explorers
of the period upon whom Venezuela relied,
claiming that they were not relevant to
the territory of Guiana, adding that the I
statements made before the United States
commission must not be argued against
Great Britain, as frequent deductions were
made which were totally unsupported, as
Justice Brewer, a former memoer of .hut
commission, would doubtless member.
According 10 counsel for Great Britain the
first explorer who really reached viuiana I
was De Berrio, and his expedition was in- 1
tended Sir Richard added, to apply to a
different Dart vi the country ana for a.
different object than that alleged by Ven
ezuela, who fcught to apply it to a small i
district.
Counsel protested against it i><?ine j
pieced on so as to establish this "so called :
Spanish title." He further asserted that 1
"it had failed miserably, as both tne j
Dutch and the Spanish historians agreed j
that then- was one Spanish settlement on 1
the Orinoco before 1720."
As to the Spanish coasting voyages. Sir '
Richard Webster said the Spaniards occa- |
sionally traded, but the Dutch traded and <
Settled. By the truce of 1009 the Dutch j
Bltion was known and acknowledged by :
pain, and, as Motley, the hostorian, had
stated, "t*;e orange flag of the republic
was to ill ..« over all America, from Man
hattan Island to the shores of Brazil and
the Straits of Magellan, provided I'hi'Jp
had not had ships and soldiers to vinul
cate with the sword that sovereignty
wrlrh Spanish words and genius bad
once acquired."
Continuing, the British counsel claimed
that discover}', when not followed by oc
cupation, v.as of no value as the basis of
title; Inasmuch as nations had never con
rented to the contrary doctrine. Discov
ery, if accompanied by a certified or noto
rious Intention to acquire, gave a prior op
portunity of acquiring, which opportunity
it would be a violation of the comity of
nations to Interfere with prematurely.
The occupation of vacant Darts of the
world treated as not in the possession cf
a distant owner was a case of transfer of
possession, for there were no parties be
tween whom such a convention could
push. Guiana was vacant. The Dutcn tet
tled and controlled It. while the Spaniards
held one miserable spot on the Orinoco,
which could not control the huge district
lying between the Orinoco and the Essl
duibo. Sir Richard Webster then detailed
the exploits of the Dutch In conjunction
with Sir Walter Raleigh, bringing hi- ar
guments un to the events of 1<537.
CENSUS SUPERVISORS.
Men Who Will Have Charge of Cali-
fornia Districts.
WASHINGTON, June 2L— Director <<t
tho (•■■!. sus Merriam to-day announced the
appointment Of the Census Supervisors
for California a.- follows: First Tlsui.-t
Professor Carl C. riehn. Berkeley. Cal.;
Second District, John D. Mackenzie, San
Jose: Third District. P. H. Olmsted,
San Rafael: Fourth District. Thomas W.
O'Neill. Sacramento; Fifth District. A. ML
Drew, Fresno; Sixth District, Frank Da
*''s, Ixis A ni-'' ■!• B.
TORTURED AND BURNED.
Jean Panare Put to Death by a Mob
in Brazil.
Sr><Hinl Cablo to Tho Call and the New York '
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor- i
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, June 21.— A dispatch
from Rio Grande announces, that a mob j
forced the jail there and lynched a
Frenchman named Jean Panare, accused I
of assaulting a three-year-old plrl. After i
tormenting him the mob burned him
alive.
Oil Strike Near Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, June 21. —Oil has been
discovered <mi the San Vicente road, four
teen miles from this city. The discovery
was imt'le on a ranch owned by the Santa
Cruz Lime Company, which formerly had
kilns ther». Th»- ranch contain* Bft h)
acres. A wharf will be built at Daven
port and five miles of pipe laid from the
ranch to the wharf.
Thousands of Acres Transferred.
SANTA CRUZ, June 21.— The largest
transfer ol property ever recorded In this
county was ftied to-day. It is from Henry
Coweil to the Henry Cowell Lime and
Cement <"ompany. The property Includes
thousand* of acres of ■ land, much of
whirh ta covered by extensive improve
ments. Including llm^ kilns.
Killed Yellowstone Park Game
BOISE. Idaho, June 21.— Deputy United
States Marshal Plnkham has arrested
Henry Jenkins at St. Anthony, on a
charge of killing grame in the Yellowstone
Park. Jenkins will bo taken to Wyoming:
for trial. The Marshal 1b after Jenkins'
partner, wanted on a similar charge.
Sherratt-Streubel N ptials.
SAN JOSK. June 21.— Fr*aerick A. Sher
r-att and Julia D. Streubel, both of Oak
land, were married here to-day. The
groom Is Deputy Recorder of Alameda
County. They were accompanied by a
D&rtv of friends.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899,
HOMEOPATHISTS
ASK RECOGNITION
Their Work in the Army
Is Ignored.
SEEK APPOINTMENTS IN NAVY
INTERESTING TOPICS BEFORE
THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE.
__
One Resolution Charges the Army
Medical Department With In
efficiency to Meet Neces
sities of War.
SDecia! Distmteh to The Call.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., June 21.— At
to-day's session of the American Institute
of Homeopathy the nominating: commit
tee reported tiic following names for of
ficers to be elected for tho ensuing year:
President, Charles E. Walton, Cincinnati;
lirst vice president, Joseph R. Cobb,
Chicago; second vice president, Nancy
Williams, Augusta, Me.; general secre
tary, C. H. Torter, New York; recording
secretary, Wilson a. Smith, Chicago;
treasurer, T. Franklin Smith, New Y r ork;
the board of censors to till vacancy, M.
P. Youngman, Atlantic City; registrar,
H. C. Aldrich, Minneapolis. The election
will take place to-morrow.
The Hoard of Censors reported favorably the
names of 110 applicants for membership, and
they were all unanimously elected.
l)r. J. G. B. Custlg of Washington presented
a resolution, the adoption of which was urged
by the Homeopathic Medical *■ dety of that
city. Tho resolution charged the medical de
partment of th<- army with "inefficiency to
i meet the hygienic, sanitary and medical neces
sities' that are Incident to war." and with
ignoring the personal service and hospital con
ditions umler homeopathic control. It was urged
that st*-ps be taken tr. secure recognition tor
Kiiidnates of tho school of homeopathy in the
enactment of any laws and that all appoint
ments to the medical corps of the army and
navy and marine hospital service be after com
petitive examinations.
! The establishment In Washington by the Gov
| ernment of a bureau to investigate the treat
ment of diseases peculiar to the United States
was approved.
Dr. J. C Wood of Cleveland delivered n
special address on HomeODathv as Allied to
Therapeutics." Among other things lv
that as tarly as iv.i Hahnemann recognized
what had ! n done as a strictly modern Inno
! vation in pathology, namely, the ascribing of
disease t i the presence of germ*, in that year
he wrote that "cholera wj~ caused I ■ > organ
isms which were ci nveyed by the air." and he
advised the administration of material doses
in order to destroy these pestiferous microbes.
He rave- as a chief characteristic ot modern
medicine the >tudy of organs and invalidation
of promises, thus being again in line with mod
ern thought. Professor Wood n 'tes as a chief
I feature distinguishing the homeopathic from
•he allopathic schtx I the fact that the former
deals with manifestations of disease rather
than Its sbsenee.
The section in sanitary science was presided
over by .1 W, Lesure of Batavla, X. Y. The
, -ivist Important address was made by General
M ii Terry of L'tlca, X. V., ex-surgeon gen
eral oJ the National Guard of New York. He
quoted a letter written by Colonel .1. I. Em
: ni- it, sur«e<>n general of the Fifth Brigade,
National Guard "f New York, in which tie
. suggests tUc permanent appointment of a medi
cal representative in the present Cabinet, and
General Terr}' indorsed his suggestion. Me said
•he experience "f England in Egypt and the
1 lessen taught in on:- Cuban campaign enforced
with a strong argument of facts the ,<t. ilute
■-::>• f a new portfolio in the executive
Cabinet in our Government, that of Medical
Direct ir General, with powers clearly defined
1a? in other Cabinet positions. The positipn,
! like all the . th^rs In the Cabinet, lie said.
* !' aid be filled by appointment by the I'resi
! dent, subject to confirmation by the Senate.
and that tlie medical profession should have no
■ special voice In the sole. tion. leaving it to the
President to select the man from whichever
Hchool '.1 medicine he wished.
General Terry then look up the subject of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*"*-— ~^~* y^ \&f&- husband ira-
\ — / \(^~fr?~^\£r^ a nes that
hi "'/* s >Vyy^J~ his wife is
y^^<^^ / XZ^' healthyfand
f XvQaJLmv^ strong, when
/'(• /j^^JjFv/ / slle is really
(I i 1 r-' "*~^ \\ / enduring in
y> fa. \it__ / silence al-
/V ' .-* /& — sA most unbear-
L. fl £ m(\ / efoWf door on his
"^*"** ness with a
smile and a kiss. To be sure, she looks a
little white and pallid, but she is vivacious
and cheerful in his presence, and he does
not realize that anything is wrong-. If he
had but come home during the middle of
the day, he would have found, instead of
the cheerful wife, a weak, sickly, nervous
invalid, with headache, pains in the back,
"stitches'" in the side, burning and drag-
ging down sensations and utter despond-
ency and melancholy.
In almost every ease of this kind the
woman is really suffering from weakness
and disease of the distinctly feminine or-
ganism. Frequently she does not realize
her own condition. If she does, she
shrinks from undergoing the "examina-
tions" and "local treatments" insisted
upon by the average physician. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription is the medi-
cine needed by women who suffer in this
way. It acts directly on the sensitive or-
gans concerned and makes them strong,
healthy and vigorous. It allays inflamma-
tion, heals ulceration, soothes pain and
tones and builds up the shattered nerves.
It transforms weak, sickly, nervous, de-
spondent invalids into happy, healthy wives
and competent mothers. It fits for wife-
hood and motherhood. It makes "exam-
inations" unnecessary. Honest dealers do
not suggest substitutes for a little added
profit to be realized thereon.
" I had suffered untold misery for years with
ovarian trouble, an exhausting drain, constipa-
tion, painful periods and other annoying troub-
les." writes Mrs. Annie James, of No. 27 Seventh
Street. Memphis, Shelby Co.. Term.' "Thank
God, mv health hus been fully restored and I
can cladly say lam a well woman to-day. I used
six bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
and was completely cured."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipati6n and biliousness. They never
gTipe, All good dealers have them.
KNIiJnNGGtL
(03 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
4jj§| Buy From Headquarters.
&> BATHING
affl\\ Alpaca and, QIIITQ
Him Knitted. OUIIU
IHliB Sweaters, jerseys, Etc,
.^m*\g s •» We knit to order
*** If™ UNDERWEAR
•~^A^* In Silk. , Wool . and Linen
-■*«■- '• Mesh.
Bend for Illustrated Catalogue, Free.
SKIN, SCALP, m^
COMPLEXION. jWi
I Itching, burning, Irritated skin, l9*S. Pi
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair V>4f^ £r
and dandruff and blemished com- x 1 mi"
plcxlons Instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of
WOODBURT'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They arc strictly antiseptic, healing and purl-
f?lox. Bold everywhere.
Fanltation in the army under varying condi
tions. Camps should not be selected without
consulting the surgeon general, as during the
late war. and h>' suggested that they be se
lected by a board of commissioners composed
Of a commanding officer, a sanitary engineer
and a medical officer, as an expert engineer
and v medical officer alone united in the inter
ests in each department would bring about a
general good reeling instead of friction.
General Terry then discussed at length the
prnhli'm of protecting soldiers, and dosed by
offering the following resolution, which was
referred to the committee on resolutions:
"Resolved, That in the opinion of this asso
ciation, the oldest national medical organiza
tion in tho United States, the condition of the
country and standing among the progressive
nations of the World, demand for its medical
department a position In the Cabinet equal in
all res-pectß to the other departments of the
Government."
A sp«cln! meeting of the institution was held
late this afternoon to hear the report of the '
committee having in charge the raising of the
fund for the erection of the monument to the .
memory of Dr. Samuel Hahncmann, the fathtr
of homeopathy.
H. M. Smith nf New York, treasurer of the '■
Hahnemann monument fund, said thnt about
$30,000 had been collected, and that about $70,- !
O.«> more is needed.
President Bailey of Lincoln, Neb., made r I
When requeated, the Resort* mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reachinc them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
X-w Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDSCUREDBYITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dan< ins Jlall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponleg.
OVER 3«l KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives,
batha in variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from Knn F"r*-~IBCO
via H0p1....d, $S; via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
'Jake 8. F & N. P- Railway to Holland, or
R. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs. Lak« County. Cal., or see
I. i>. CRAIG. ;'.l<i Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BfLLWINKKL.
t!2O Post .«t., San Francisco.
sjtgiHl White
||Oy Walls
are plainly seen from the BUn parlor
of HOTEL VENDOME. as the guest
looks toward Mount Hamilton over the
! broad expanse of valley and foothills
covered with fruit, flowers and flowing
grain. VENDOME is the pleasure-
seekers' home.
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
SUGGS' HOTSPRIIGS
Sonoma County: only <% hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging: water*
1 noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall «nd express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 1:39
Ip. m. Terms, $2 a day er $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any truest of th» past four years.
Patronage con»tantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. V. LORE W. Proprietor.
.*«*, BYRON HOT SPRINGS
i ■?rf '. _ You can go as late
I t- : '^"4yß\. as 5:30 p. m. Saturday
! j--r'- ■ i i''j and be in youroffice on
i *•*' '''.}«'& Monday morning by
*'^xi9!li4 .. 8:45 A fine trip " Try
V- v '- '■■*%£ * -' r,' it. Address
\HSKk A. BETTENS, Mgr
'i v wt Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats fr.-.> to guests. Fine llshlnK. Excellent
i table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckfe, In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
I rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. Trie Ideal spot for families because it
Is clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure
I air and pure water. Address MRS. H. M.
CLKMONB, Independence Lake.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS,
Just opened; new building; handsome furni-
ture; 10 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric *ells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
MOUNT YEEDER RESORT *"•£} iA^i
and Pine Forests. Napa County foothills; love-
ly and healthful spot. Klevatlon 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties r-* fruit. Terms, $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O.
THE HOYA RETREAT g^?, ro
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEA ROPY, Gilroy,
Cal.
MONTE VISTfI,
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open.
Come to the country for the summer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for Illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN,
Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat, Placer
County, Cal.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT; electric cars to
beach. MRS. A. POPE. Santa Cruz.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
Montgomery Sulphur- Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. . Good country
board. Kates 16 and 17 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Calistoga. Cal.
VHCFIUITF San Francisco to Chl-
I V^OU'll I L« nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yovemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare. In either direction. Sl6. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, .Agent, 13 Montgomery et., San Francisco.
strong appeal for subscriptions, the result of
which was that ISOftft was Immediately sub
scribed by the delegates present.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Secretary of the Interior Dismisses an
Interesting California Land
Contest.
WASHINGTON. June 21.— The Secretary
of the Interior has dismissed the contest
in the case of Lauchlin • Robertson vs.
Peter O'Hagan for homestead entry on a
tract of land in the Visalia land district.
The contest was based on abandonment
and the locaJ Land Office decided in fa
vor of Robertson. O'Hagan then appeal
ed to General Land Commissioner Her
mann, who reversed the decision, and the
Secretary of the Interior to-day affirmed
it.
The following- California postmasters
were appointed to-day: Edwin Picfcett at
Conejo, Fresno County; Francis B. Deleut
Paso R ibles Soda — fresh from
bubbling, effervescing sprinc —
coming up from Nature's drug-
store, compounded and charged
to cure the sick.
Paso Robles
Soda Spring,
This sparkling beverage is
served at the table — drink all
you want of it. Puts an edge
on your appetite, aids diges-
tion and pr motes nutrition.
Otto E. Never. Prop, City Office,
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st.
I R ■ lAA HOT springs —This
VfllfflHVil b ' flUtlful rammer and
a H Bart Sill 9 winter resort. now
I 111 1 1 1I VV owned and managed by
DR. J. PEKKAULT. who as resident physi-
cian. will devote bis entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles routh of San Francisco. in the Coast
R-ange Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraieo.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT, M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 331! Sutter st . S. P.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UKIAH,
thence by easy staging through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesque
health resort in California. Round trip
$9 50. Rates— sB.oo, $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.; city office, 413 Pine st.
fl I Hi n \ By Southern Pacific
*j lln ftl I to st Helena,
■■■ "II II I thence over easy
AnmniiAA T r>ad in- private
ODDIISPv rift-nr>Btßfte. All
Ol 1 11 11 UU' ticket rorSr.
Apply W. G. MITCHELL. Manager, Aetna
Springs. Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' buliuing, 8. F., telephone. Mint 1835.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MEN DO-
clno County. Natural electrlo waters,
j champagne baths. Only place In the world of
I this class of waters having continuous (low of
I natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. L..il.v grounds. fishing and hunting.
Crystal Bpni.ti Accommodations and tabla
first-class. J. v. REI'EMEYER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations Id Hotel; also la new cottages, just
completed.
MRS. f\. T. MoORE,
BELVi..:>HHB.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open lor guests. For terms
j and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
j Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
' Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen,
! Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
1 6-room cottages, good boating, ttshlng and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water lor all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, 10211* Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh. San Francisco.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HA ESTERS. Glen wood, Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. ■ 'th on* of the best
tables In the county; in) to $12 per week. Round
trip, V> 50. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah ; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON. Bertha. La.k«
County, Cal. ...
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming: and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
! (l- per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
euib Springs. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co., Cat.
HOTEL BENVENUB
And. cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
! new dancing pavilion, &0x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and Hhuffleboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. St
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
JOHfINNISBERG.
FAMILX RESOKT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeaer. SlOO feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, 16 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBJSHO
HESORT, Oakville, Nap* County, Cal.
at Greenwood, El Dorado County. The
special postal service between Freeman
and Argus, Inyo County, will be discon- i
tinueii after June 30.
Certification of payments has been made i
granting to California and other States
525,000 as their share of the appropriation :
passed by the act of Congress to apply a
portion of the proceeds from the sal.' of
public lands for the support of agricul
tural colleges.
Army orders— Lieutenant .1. A. Hut ton, |
First California Volunteer Infantry, was
to-day honorably discharged from tin
service.
The following acting assistant surge ins,
I'iiitid States army, will proceed from
places hereinafter designated u> San
Francisco and report In p< rsi n to the
commanding general, D'-partnvi't bl < ali
fornia, for assignment to duty; Charles A.
Cattermole, t'rom Lansing, Mich.: Vernon
K. Earthman from Murfreesboro, Term.;
Joseph L. Bell from French Lick. In*
Acting Assistant Surpeon Thomas W.
Bath. United States army, will proceed
from Laharpe, 111., to Fort Leavenworth,
Kans. , and report in person to the com
manding officer of Troop F, Sixth United
States Cavalry, for duty, to accompany
that noon to San Francisco, and upon ar- |
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND,
SVj Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
Of our famous Marine Band. -
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate' Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring «t..
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent. Ml Market St.. San Francisco.
♦o*o*c*o*o*o* o*o*o ♦o*o*o*
♦ Take advantage o
q Of the Hound-Trip o
i Tickets to f
O O
? Hotel del Coronado. ?
J °
* Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 clays' board at hotel; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. °
2 Apply 4 New Montgomery st., ?
o San Francisco. ' o
♦ ■ ♦
"♦-O-»-O-^O-«- O + O + O -♦- O-»-O-»-O-*O*-O*-O-*-
Jolzaiiiii&
A table water of exceptional purity
and excellence. — London Lancet.
Wm. Wolff & Co. Pac. Coast Agts.
The Place for f\T% /^TJ A TV In the FOOT-
RESTandORCHARDHi^rt.,
HEALTH SPRINGS .SSSiS.
V- ' X " 111VW the C, P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, ' Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlr delightful watering place li located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine «tone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Berwick. Slsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
j TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND I
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sum
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; not mineral baths. These
■prlngs f>r» located in Napa County, 30 miles
east of Ht. Helen*. The water Is bottled ac
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery: mountain
walks; purs spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
r p r c: TOCALOMA. M^. IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations: reasonable rates; fishing- beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, TiS Third St.. San Francisco,
KENIL WORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most dellshtful summer
borne. Every modern convenience. In and
out door tports. Forty-five minutes from Saa
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS,
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day; $50 for 12 days from S. F. ; eis?ht
days In valley. Information at the Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery st.-- Tickets at the
Valley Road Office. 321 Market st.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water is un-
. excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
patted; fine fishing and bunting; stage daily
from Calistoga direct to spi'.ngs; round trip at
Southern Paclllc offices. »10. DR. W. H. PRa-
THER. Adam Spring.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars s address JOHN .«lOSS, TraftJo Den..
'21 Market St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C: R. X.. the place to go tor sum-
mer; board or camp cottages. Sunday excur-
sions. $1. For circulars . address U. «i. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal. ,-
rival at the latter place will report in per
son to the commanding general of the
Department of California. -„„„ r
Private William A. Stauff, Troop E.
First United States Cavalry, now at Fort
Washakie, Wyo., fa upon bis own appli
cation transferred to Battery O. ihird
United States Artillery, and will be sent
to the station of that battery, Presidio
of Sail Francisco. . .
The discharge from service of Private
Richard C. Hyland. Company I First Cal
ifornia Volunteer Infantry, under general
instructions from this office, is hereby
confirmed. „--;' _ _,
Private James J. Robins, Troop G,
Ninth United States Cavalry, Fort
Apache. Ariz., is transferred to Com
pany B, Twenty-fifth United States in
fantry He will be sent to the Presidio
of San Francisco to await the arrival of
the company to which he is transferred.
Private James Farren, Troop A, Fourth
United States Cavalry. Presidio of San
Francisco, is transferred to Battery <>,
Third United States Artillery, stationed
at that post.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— John W. Stailey,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $6. Restora
tion and additional -Samuel A. Burn
sid . Fresno. $S to $12.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
; line, Sonoma and Guernevllle branches of
1 the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been, selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek. beautlTully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing: and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
I for two miles, and good fishing. Man in
! charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
I Guernevllle, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
vllle branch. The people of the town and
j vicinity, under the name of: the Business
I Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
I free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will je
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and. without charge
■will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. €50 Market at.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Apt.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and Improved— competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., 8. F., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rate*
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard. croquet and other
frames. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Staga
meets morning trains -md Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln at.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stag* Una.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F.; for par-
tlculars. '<■■'.'■,'
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
' Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottages.
Terme. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL,
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleas-ant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air; free .bo. tine on lake:
i prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special
rates for families. W. J. McDON.*LD, Man-
ager.
Cl [if en in- Most beautiful spot In Laka
VAKLODAIs County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carl.-
-: bad. Lake County.
MENDENHfILL SPRINGS.
' Under new management; 1000 feet above sea:
«tape connects with train at Livermore at 2:15
p. m • fare from San Francisco. $2 25; rates,
' $7 50 to $1" 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 years eld. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
LAUREL DEL
lake and hotel.
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
'In Lake Co.: lias lndoC " H- OU WAMKOLD.
H. WAMBOLD.
ANT one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN; Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
MANZ ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or i
rooms, with board: good accommodation! at
Ma;.:-nnltit Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting: the
country, seaside cr springs during; the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for same
at th 3 Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents pen Week
65 Cents per* Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.WILL BE READY
TO RAGE AGAIN
IN NOVEMBER
New Western Turf
Association.
— — ♦ —
SAN MATEO THE SCENE NOW
SUCCEEDS PACIFIC COAST JOCK
EY CLUB. INGLESIDE.
Edward Corrig-an to Be Kept in the
Background Hereafter by His
Associates on the Board
of Directors.
» _
iue western Turf Association, eucces
b i to the Pacific Coast Jockey Club of
Ingleside, is already out with its prelimi
nary announcement for the racing si
of 1899 L9CO. The gates of its track will
be thrown open to the public for the first
time on Monday, November 6.
The site for the new racetrack will be
on property which the association an
nounces, it has !-■< ■ • tly a ■<■. tired from the
Francisco Land and Improve
meni Company. It Is on the line of the
Southern Pacific Company, In San Mateo
County, and is about twelve miles from
the city. E . eti a will be used
and In addition all . cal trains between
tins city ; se will be available.
Special tra ake the run in twenty
minutes, • I trains will take
ball . :.; m.
The id ments to horse owners
state that the stable accommodation will
be con m I arranged alter the
modern plans. Liberal terms and
purses will be offered and it is ex;
all the a • ■• ■ I •■ brought their
stables across the mountains in recent
years will be Induced to come again. The
agreement which formerly existed be
tween the two Jockey clubs as to the divi
sion ol dates will probably be rei •
Already a list of the stake races Is being
and In order to attract the best
hors< a lil • r ..i Inducements will be offered,
who has spread trouble wher
ever he went, has been placed in tho
background by his associates. He will
not, as .i matter of policy, be allowed
the promineni part in the
lation which he has
in the past.
The track will be a regulation mile af
fair, with . ' and stabling pat-
I after that of Ingleside track. An
c site has been selected and the
claim is made thai it is free from fogs
and wind.
WILL SAIL ON THE ZEALANDIA
Four Companies of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry Going to Manila.
A battalion of the Twenty-fourth Uep^u
lar Infantry, conslsti ; mpanles C,
):. i ; and I, under tin • •■ ; if M ijor
J. M. Thompson, will leave the Presidio
at noon to-day on the steamer General
McDi well for Folsom-etreet wharf, where
the soldiers will embark on the Zealandia,
which sails for the Philippines. The offl
• ■ • battalion in addition to Major
ipson are a.s follows: Companj C,
Captain W. K. Dashiell; Company E—
■ •.: C. H. Miller, quarter
• • of shij) ,uid battalion; Second
Lieutenant Stanb-y Howland; Companj <i
- Pirsi Lieutenant H. I-;. Nelson, 8(
■ !•'. \\ . Van Duyne; Company 1
ptain J. EL Urett, Second J^ieti:
C. K.
Tne four companies are recruited to
ngth of 128 men each and
ped for service iri the
wing officers will sail on the
lan, which is scheduled to
• the Philippines about Satur
itei ant H. N. Royden,
Twenty-third Infantry; First Lieut*
(I. M. Grimes, Twentieth Infantry; B< i.
tenant W. E. Stewart. Third [nfan
" ; ■ vi' <>. 11. 1 tockery.
Third Infantry; Second Lieutenant Rev-
Jmith, Ninth Infantry; Second I>;.'U-
M. A. K ll i o 1 1 Jr.. Thirteenth Infan
try: Se ond Lieutenant K. F. McMillen,
Fourteenth Infantry: Second Lieutenant
A. j. Dougherty, seventeenth Infantry;
■ .:.! 1.. i . HobbS, -
Infantry; Second Lieutenant R.
Seventeenth Infantry; S<
nant A. Shinp. Twentieth Ir.fan-
Second Lieutenant W. B. McCaskey,
ty-first Infantry; Second Lieutenant
T. L. Brewer, Twei ty-first Infantry*; l r irst
Lieutenant O. E. Surratt, Th.ir-i Axtillerj'.
Light Battery V. Ti ird Artillery, Cap
tain Ramsey D. Potts, will arrive from
Fort Riley. Kan?., to-day and will b.- sta
;t tne Presidio.
istant Surgeon 8. T. Weirick has
ordered to report to Major I. li.
Bay for '!my with the troops in Alaska.
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP
OF ITS WATER SYSTEM
REAL ESTATE OWNERS CONFER
WITH MAYOR PHELAN.
Fully $800,000 Would Be Saved the
City Annually by Constructing
Its Own Plant.
A number of members of the Real Es
tate Owners' Association held a confer
ence with Mayor Phelan yesterday to dis
cuss municipal ownership of water works.
They were in session for some time and i
the matter was thoroughly gone over.
The Mayor called attention to chapter i
121 of the new charter, which bears di
rectly upon the matter by providing that
within one year after the charter lea
Into effect and every two years thereafter !
until the object is accomplished the City |
Engineer must submit plans and esti
mates for a system of water supply. \
There were two propositions under dis- ;
cussion—the acquisition of the existing |
water supply and original construction.
Mr. Harris, one of the members of the I
association, was the principal speaker,
and he strongly opposed the acquisition
of the existing work, which he termed a
patchwork system, with no stable supply
of pure water.
Mayor Pbelan stated that if the city
spent $20,000,000 for a water system it i
couM sell its bonds at :;'; per cent, which I
would amount to $700,000 annually for in
terest. Based on the Spring Valley Com- \
pany's own figures on what it cost to op
erate thai plant last year, which are ex
cessive, the cost of maintenance would be .
$4*60.000 making a total expenditure of
51.1C0.000 per annum. It now costs the
city for water 51.9W.000 a year, which
would mean a clear saving of $800,000 to
the city. The Mayor said that $20,000,000 !
would bring water from Lake Tano< or I
the North Fork of the American River j
and distribute it. Engineer Smith esti
mate! the cost at $13,000,000, while Colonel
Mendcll had said it would *ost nearer
i17.000.ii00. so the Mayor had allowed an
even $20,000,000 for the work in his figures. I
The conference adjourned after the mem
bers ■ ad promised to agitate the subject
among their friends throughout the city.
Kept Busy Opening Bids.
unaries v. i ainoun, r-pr-.-ial disbursing
detailed from the [ndian
Onlce '' ' t( ■ .] .. i, bids and
araw up contracts for the rndians and
ship r ■ Pacific i '.o ihi
opened th«- bids yesterday -it ili>-
L'nilefi States office and storerooms ::;;
Washington street. Mr. Calhoun was kept
busy the entire afternoon opening i«d
-oadir.a: I/ids, which numbered eightj*-four
l>cing the largest letti • i ibmitted in
this city. The bids are nearly all from
this city and will aggregate over
M 000.000
Australian Cricketers Win.
PORTSMOUTH. Eng.. June 21. The
Australian cricketers; who in their match
with Oxford University Past and Pret
et thf> close of play yesterday had scored
373 runs for elghi wickets down In their
first Imiings. declared their innings i
to-day, and rh<> Oxford men. who were
all our Monday in the first innings, with
251 runs, were put out in the second In
ninfffc to-d;iy for 126 runs. The Australians
wcji by ten wickets.
RUHLIN IS TO
TAKE THE LION'S
SHARE OF PURSE
Follows Fashion Set
by Fitz.
HE IS THE STAR BOXER;
-■ ♦
KENNEDY HAS TO MAKE CON
CESSIONS."
♦
i "Will Try to Equal the Brilliant Ex- j
ample of Jeffries De Witt
Van Court Chosen
Referee.
Win or lose on Friday night, Gus Ruhlin
will take two-thirds of the purse offered
by the Excelsior Athletic Club for his
meeting with Joe Kennedy in the arena !
at Woodward's Pavilion. He is the star,
■ and following the fashion set by Fitssim
j mons, demanded the right .to dictate the
terms under which the bout will tako
place. He would not agree to make the
match otherwise, and Kennedy, ambitious I
; 10 meet a man of some reputation, was I
I compelled to accept these terms or look I
elsewhere for an opponent.
The fact that this arrangement exL-stJ
does not carry with it the Imputation that
; the men will not contest every bit of Ihe
way. On the contrary, it has urged the
California!! on to greater efforts and he '
will do all he can to be returned the •
victor. It means other matches, where ho
, may perhaps have the right to dictate his
terms. The same agreement was made
in the championship battle at Coney Isl
: and recently, but the spectators saw al>
the sport they desired in those eleven
! rounds of desperate lighting. Ruhlin still
j looms up as a candidate for championship
! honors, and it Is a foregone conclusion he
| will not risk any of the reputation he has
; been at such pains to build up since he |
boxed a draw with Champion Jeffries in j
j Mechanics' Pavilion some three yeard
I since.
Kennedy is not wasting a moment in his
training and although he will be a trifle
high in flesh on Friday night he does not
anticipate it will hamper him in his move
' ments.
Representatives of the boxers met yes-'
terday and selected De AVitt Van Court,
boxing Instructor of the Olympic Athletic
Club to referee. There was an extended
discussion as to the size of the rim?. It
perms in remodelling the present affair at
Woodward's Pavilion the size was
changed Crom the twenty-four-foot square
required by the Marquis of Queensberrv
rules to one of seventeen feet. Billy Mad
den objected to this when sending his bijj
fellow into competition, and held out tor
an increase in the size. After some dis
cussion it was finally agreed to Increase ,
the size to twenty f< et.
Kuhlin is still favorite in what betting
has i..-e!> .lone, at odds of 10 to 7. In the j
preliminary clever Billy (>tts is the favor
ite at 10 to S^
SAPLINGS READY TO
FACE SLIPPER WREN
EIGHTY-FOUR DOGS IN OPEN
STAKE AT UNION PAEK.
Many From the Champion Class
Make Their Reappearance in the
Field After a Brief Let Up.
The programme for Saturday and Sun- !
day at Union Coursing Park embraces!
three stakes, two of which are for sap
lings and an eighty-four dog stake. The
latter contains the majority of the high .
class dogs now in training, many of them
coming out after a rest. The prizes ag
gregate $952 50, divided as follows: Sap
ling stakes for dogs, winner $30, runner
up $20, third $10 and three prizes of $:,
each. Sapling stake for bitches, winner
$30. runner-up $20, third and fourth $10
each, and four at $5. Open stake, winner I
$120. runner-up $80, third $60, three at $40,
five at $25, ten at $12 50 and twenty-one at
$7 50. The sapling- stakes will each be run
down twice on Saturday morning. The
open stake will be run down Saturday
afternoon. The entries follow:
Sapling stake for dogs— I. McCabe's Boney 1
Boy vs. Davis & Herzog's Geiser; Jeff Marti
net's Buxton vs. P. McCabe's Craig Bay; Jeff j
Martinet's Bernal Chief vs. George liuehn's
Monogram; R. E. de B. Lopez' a McGregor vs.
Jeff Martinet's Bernal Boy; M. L. E^pinosa's
Manzanita vs. Pasha Kennels' Rapid Addition;
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon vs. J. .1. Ed
mond's Whisky Hill.
Sapling stake for bitches — George Pinto'a Mis
. hi.-: vs. Pasha Kennels' Roundabout; J. I.
O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. George Sharman's
Wait a Bit; P. Doyle's Wild Mint vs. J. M -
lnprm>y's Princess Royal; R. E. de B. Lopez's
| Miss Twister *vs. F. Rothman's Justice; Con
nell Bros.' Clover vs. John Coleman's Good
Bye; Aeneid Kennels' Ariadne vs. I*. E. de B.
Lopez's Carmencita: R. E. de B. Lopez's Pe
plta vs. Mr. Dillon's Mayfl»ld; Connell Bros. 1
Green Isle vs. F. A. McCotnb's Royal Fan.
Open stake, eighty-four dogs— Russell. Allen
»v Wilson's Belle (lair vs. Dennis & Porter's
Imp Woodcock; J. J. nan's Royal Buck
vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid McMcCoy; Handy &
Smith's Dauntless vs. J. Seggerson's Cande
laria: J. Dean's Gladiator vs. J. O'Donnell's
Las Palmas: H. Lynch' a Loiterer vs. G. J.
Panana'a High Flyer; D. Quill's Chicopee vs.
.1. P. Thrift's Forgive; Chella & Gaffney's
Snapshot vs. J. Burns' Eleven Spot; James
Dean's Mialmo vs. J. Mailer's Safeguard; J. !
L Ross' Lucy Conroy vs. Daly £ Slebin's j
Sierra Point; Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl
vs .1 P. Thrift's Brutus; James Dlxon'a Black
Hess vs. Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt: T. But- '
ler's Susie vs. J. If. Perigo's Pretty Girl; Bar
tel Brothers Winning Style vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs.
J. O'Dowd'a Scout; M. Landon's Magnet vs.
: Kelley & Hanley's RJpley Boy. O'Neill & |
Hanrahan'a Promise Me vs. Mil" Kennels'
Rock Island Boy; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. I
Handy *• Smith's Petronius; George Sharman's
Walt a Little vs. J. O'Dowd'a Clifton Lass;
Milo Kennels' Victor King vs. Hurley &
Reilly's O. K. Capitol; Kay & Trant's Eclipse
vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Rosie Clair;
O'Xeil & Hanrahan's Mercury vs. Kay &
Tram's Innisfallen; H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Lad vs. D. J. Healeys Rusty Gold; J. |
Kerrigan's Conqueror vs. James Byrnes' Battle
»hip; James Keenan's Fear Not vs. Handy & \
Smith's Lady Hugo; M. London's Leonidas vs. j
Pasha Kennels' Metallic; H. A. Deckelman's :
Old Glory vs. H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence; (
H. Lynch" s Lexington vs. Larkey and Rock's
Liberty Bell; Hurley & Reilly'a Master Mat vs. j
J. H. Perigo's Bohee; M. Nolan's Buckeye vs.
F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; D. Ford's Bonlta i
vs. J. O' Shea 1 Young America; Bartel Broth- ,
ers' Ben Hur vs. Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha;
.i P. Thrift's Forget vs. Handy A Smith's
SylvanUß; H. Lynch'a Lottie M vs. Mil.. Ken
nels' Irma: P. .1. Reilly'a Warship vs. If.
Woods' Blacknight; J. Mailer's Soubrette vs.
H. A. Deckelman'a Glen Roy; Lowe & Thomp- I
son's Quick Stitch vs. H. F. Anderson's Imp. !
Crawford Braes; E. M. Kellogg' Hammer vs.
1). J. Healey's Maori Land: Daly & Selbens"
Gypsy vs. P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy; Larkey & ;
Rock's Myrtle vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal; Lowe .<: Thompson's Lowlander vs. Handy
& Smith's Terrona: E. M. KeHoKg*a Lady Gil
more vs. George Lohnseon'a Fireball: William
Creamer's Jesse Moore vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
Santiago.
The- second of the midweek coursing
meeting* will be held at Union Park to
day. There will be but one train to the
park, leaving at 10:15 a. m.
New Improvement Club.
The Second-street Improvement Club
wa? launched Into existence at a meeting
of residents and property-owners of that
thoroughfare at Smullen's Hall, 131 Bec
ond street, on Tuesday evening. The
principal object in view as announced is
to have Second Btreei paved with bitumen
from Uarki ' Btreel to Harrison. The fol
lowing officers were e-tcted: Frank Smui
len president; Patrick Con way, vice
president; M. Conroy, financial secretary:
lohn Sweeney, recording secretary; Wil
liam Hyde, treasurer; board of directors—
Caj tain A. B. Olsen. John Callinan. John
Oswald, Louis Leffraan, Michael KiWay,
Charles Kallsky. J. Godfrey, Arthur Pol
la* k, William Murray and John Bannaon.
a special committee consisting of Henry
Donahue, Serjeant Burns and Michael
K'ilfiiy were appointed to wait on th<- Su
pervisors and ur^'- them to redeem their
promise In paving the street.
Rag Time, Night Time,
Good time at Kapp & Street's Ta
rn ale Grotto. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
ST. LOUIS HAS
SUCCEEDED IN
GETTING DONLIN
Santa Cruz Twirler to
Go East.
WILL CRIPPLE THE LOBSTERS
PACE FINED $50 FOR HIS AT-
TACK ON O'CONNELL.
Sacramsnto Signs First Baseman
O'Connor of "he Texas League.
Struve Retires From
WatsonvilLe.
The past week has seen a bunching of
all the teams in the league. Santa Cruz,
while it still retains the lead, does so
by a greatly narrowed margin, having
dropped two games to the tailenders, Sac
ramento. San Francisco managed to take
two of its three games with Oakland,
thereby strengthening' its hold on sec
ond position. Watsonville is still in third
place, while San Jose is right at its heels,
with Oakland close up. Sacramento has
at last struck its gait and from now on
is going to make trouble for the best of
them. The league race Is so even that
a month hence the Senators may be in
the lead. Following is the standing of
the teams:
I en , ob <j m o oa iti
* == £ aXkl_\\ 3 1 ~ v
- ~ £ = x 3 §£3
p 1 « J? t_p.P lore
, 3 2 o 51 g . :.ca
CLUBS. .^i' 7§ ; j : if
■ N - - ; . 0 ; i »
. o : • : : : : :
|; 1°,: ■ • - ; \: 1 j |_V_
_ i-lt-liLLiiip. V:tVl[Vl
Santa Cruz ..". 3 4 4 | 3 2 j 16 } 26 .615
San Francisco.. 2 ... 2 3 5 | 6 IS , 31 .680
Watsonville .... 4 2 ... 2 12 | 3 | 13 27 .4M
San Jose i 0 1 4 ... 6 1 12 26 .461
Oakland j 0 3 j 3 4 j ...| 3 , 13 30 .133
Sacramento .... 4 41 ill j ... 11 26 .423
Lost 10 13 14 14 17 15 ............
Mike Donlin, the star pitcher of Par.t.i
Cruz, Is going East, and Manager Tuttle's ;
cup of woe is bubbling over. A dispatch
from that city last night announced that
the management of the St. Louis team
wired to Donlin a few days ago, asking
him to name* his terms to join the Per
fectbs. Donlin set his price, which waa
promptly accepted. The St. Louis people
are now negotiating with Manag-er Tur
tle relative to purchasing Donlin's re
s' ase, and the matter is expected to bo ar
ranged to-day.
Tutile. has set a round price for the
twirler's rejea3e, but it will be cheerfully
paid and Donlin will start East next we«?k
to j«un the St. Louis team. Donlin's ca
reer has been phenomenal. Two y«>ars
ago he played Ins first of ball, and
las: year began his professional career
with Watsonville. His departure wili se
riously cripple the Lobsters. I'nder tin:
National agreement Tuttle cannot prevent
him from going East if St. 1-ouip pays the
price demanded for his release, so hI! lint
remains for Tuttle to do is to drive as
good a financial bargain as possible. l>on
ii:i owes much to 'i uttle. and if he has
any gratitude he will refuse to sign a St.
Louis contract unless Tuttle is [.am a sum
far in . xcess of the class rate stipulated
by the Nation.il agreement. Tin- St. Louis i
people have plenty of money and would
willingly pay $1000 for a pitcher who 1.1:1
pull them out of the hole they have falld'.i
Into. «
The Senators are going to cans*' the '
other teams some unhappy momenta
hereafter. After winning tv.<> straight
from the Lobsters, Kripp rushed off to
the telegraph office and secured Mike
O'Connor, the star tirst baseman of the
.'.. funct Texas league, and is negotiating
with another top-notcher Inflelder. Wiiii
these new men and Harvey and Doyle .if
to their speed the Senators will come up
with a rush. Tiie Sacramento public is
supporting the team loyally, the last tWO
games drawing Immense crowds.
nig Ed Hut. inns. .n could noi agree upon
t. tins with Manager Knpp and lias re
fused to play with Sacramento any more.
Cal Ewlng is understood to have mad<
Hutch an offer to play tin- bag for Oak
land, ami if it i< accepted the team will
gain a X"".l man.
Pace got just what he has been looking
fni for a long time when lie went up
against Umpire O'Connell at Sacramento
Sunday night. Pace made a cowardly at
tack on O'Connell, rushing up behind him ;
and striking him <'ii t ti • - Bide of the head.
Jack respondej] with a right-hander on the
eye ;:: .! Pace wi tit down. When he got on
his feet again O'Connell planted left and
right, closing the other eye and cutting
Ills mouth. Pace went down again and
held on to O'Conneiis legs to save himself
fi.m further punishment. Later he went
into the hotel, and securing a hatchet re
turned to the attack. O'Connell caught
him with left and right again, and Pace
we,n down crying like a baby. A police
man took him in tow before O'Conneil
could Inflict any more punishment, yester
day th" league directors met and liii'-'l
Pi •■■■ $r>(i for his ruffianly conduct. The
tine must be paid within ten days or iit».
will be suspended. O'Connell received Die
congratulations of every member of the
Santa Cruz team for his good work.
Another member of the Lobsters was
Kft "it Sacramento Sunday night with a
pair of badly damaged optics. Monkey
Burge, who prides himself on his prowess.,
induced Truck Eean to don the gloves
with him at the athletic club, and when
Truck got through with him Monkey
needed .■: dog to grutde him t.> his hotel.
The Watsonville team has passed from
the management of I'M Struvc and is now
controlled by a committee of citizens,
which has installed Harper as field man
ager, with full control of the players.
Some new talent is lining negotiated" for,
as it is the committee's intention to make
the team the strongest in the league, both
in fielding and batting. Harper's promo
tion is most deserving, for he thoroughly
understands the game and is an excellent :
tactician.
It might he a good Idea for Manager
Ewing to try Russell in two games
against the Lobsters this week. Their
heaviest batters are left-handers and have
little success against south side twlrlers.
The local team hits hard enough to win
almost any B'amc, but stupid base run
ning costs it many runs. A few judicious
fines by Manager Harris might teach his
men how to act on the plates.
San Jose is now playing an almost per
fect fielding game, but its batting- is lam
entably weak. Chief Borchers ought to
make his men practice batting every day,
sending in his fast delivery himself for
them to work on. With their batting
lamps properly trimmed the Gardeners
will be in it.
Iberg was subjected to the severest
drubbing by Oakland last Sunday morn
ing lv has received since he has been in
the game. Seven hits for six runs was
what be was batted for in the first in
ning. After that he steadied down and
the Dudes seenred only one more run.
Hammond. Oakland's catcher, is laid
up with a bad foot, and will probably not
be able to go into the games this week.
This will necessitate putting THinleavy
behind the bat and Shea in left field.
Chessmasters' Tournament.
LONDON, June 21.— The seventeenth
round of the International Chessmas
ters' Tournament was begun at noon
to-day when the pairing was adopted
; from the third round of the Berger sys
tem as follows: Showalter vs. Pills
bury, Sohlechter vs. Maroczy, Bird vs.
; St«initz, Tsehigorin vs. Lasker, Mason
vs. Blackburne, Lee vs. Janowski.
| Cohn and Tinsley had byes. When an
, adjournment was taken at 4:30 o'clock
: Showalter and Pillsbury. Schlechter
: and Maroczy and Lf>e and Janowski
! had adjourned their respective jamea
| in even positions; Steinitz had beaten
Balrd and Lasker and Blackburne had
the better games against Tschigorin
and Mason, respectively.
Lawn Tennis Championship.
LONDON. June 21.— 1n the fourth round
of the lawn tennis championship games
at Wimbledon to-day P. L. Ayer beat
Clarence Hobart three sets love. In the
I doubles Hart and Hanlsbet defeated
1 Mackay and M. F. Day three sets to love.
AFFECT WINS
ROSEBUD STAKES
AT SHEEPSHEAD
Easily the Best in the
Race.
BELLE OF ORLEANS SECOND
— ♦ —
FORGET CAPTURES THE BAY
HURDLE RACE.
— ♦- —
; At the Latonia Track, Headly Wins
a Mile Selling Event, Starting
at Odds of Forty to
One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 21.— The Rosebud
was the chief stake feature at Sheepshcad
Bay to-day, with Affect as a hot favorite.
Affect went to the front at once from a
poor start and made all the running to the
bend into the main track. Belle of Or
leans got within a length of her, but no
nearer, and Affect won easily by three
quarters of a length.
Premier opened favorite for the Bay
hurdle race, but Forget took the honor at
the close of the betting. She went tj the
front at the fall of the Hag, and was
never headed, winning in a mild drive
from Premier. Results:
Six furlongs— Fllon dOr won, Pri mate second,
Momentum thlr<!. Time, 1:14 4-5.
One mile— Admiration won, Klrkwood second,
Pirate M third. Time, 1:41.
Rosebud stakes, Bye furlongs, selling— Affect
I won. Belle of < >rk-a.ns second, Prejudice third.
1 Time, 1:01.
Mile and a fvulong— Thomas Cat won, Btrath
i cofta second, Jeannot third. Time. 1:0434.
Hay hurdle, two miles— Forget won. Premier
second, Ben Eder Ihird. Time, 3:. r d 2-5.
Futurity course— Sadducee won. Hulden sec
ond. Mark Cheek third. Time. 1:11.
CINCINNATI. June 21.— The victory of
Headley, one of Gene Leigh's cas toffs, at
•)') to 1 was a big surprise for the public ;u
Latonla. Headley got oft' in front and
was never headed. Kesults:
I Six furlongs— John Bonne won, Kalmia see
-1 ond, Madi.ua third. Time, 1:16%.
Five furlongs Kijmarnock won, I,ew Kraft
second, John Xerkes third. Time, 1:03%.
i One mile, selling— Headley won, Synla sec
ond. ProvolO third. Time. 1:13.
Mile and a half, selling— Prosecutor won,
; True Light second, Countess Irma third. Time,
2:37\.
Fiv>> furlongs — Aurea won, Cassean second,
' Foneda third. Time, 1:03%.
< >ne. mile, selling Allle Hell won. Full Dress
second. Aureole third. Tim.-, 1:42%.
CHICAGO, June 2L— Weather at Haw
thorne fair, track fast. Results:
Five furlongs Lord Weir won. Common
• wealth Attorney second, Annls Palmer third.
Time, 1:01 3-5.
Six furlonscs-Croebel won, Honey Boy second,
Galathee third. Tin:-. 1:12%.
One and a quarter miles, selling— Croesus
won Uarda Becond, Benamela third. Time,
2:061 ,
en furlongs, selling— Meddler won, Lucky
star Becond, Elkin third. Time, 1:26%.
One mile — Piccola won, Hanlight second,
( tstra third. Time, 1:41%.
One mile selling Robert Bonner won, King's
Guard second, The Winner third. Time, 1:41%.
ST. LOUIS, June 21. -The fair grounds
" track was fast to-day. Results:
Maiden three-year-olds, six furlongs— Lula W
won. Lady Memphis second, Koenlg third.
Time, 1:17.
S.-lling. one mile— Dutch Bard won. Sir
•'.at lun Becond, W. B. Gates third. Time,
I : [2\ .
Mile and seventy > ards— Raffaello won. Found
second. Applejack third. Time, 1:46%.
Handicap, blx furlongs— Wiggins won. Silver
- ■ cond, Alleviate third. Time, 1:15.
SellinK. six and a half furlongs— Duke of
Baden won, Trust Me second, Sly third. Timn,
Maiden thr year-olds, fix furlong*— Young
Dixon won. S;mi Latarus second, l'rince
Michael third. Time. 1:16.
CHAMPIONS BEATEN
IN A LISTLESS GAME
Crippled Orphans Take the Measure
of the Bean-Eating Ball
Jugglers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....43 12 .782 Pittsburg ...24 28 .4'":'
Boston .. 3". 19 .648 Cincinnati ..24 29 .433
Philadelphia 32 21 .«i4i New York. ..24 31 .436
.St Louis 33 22 .600 Washington IS 38 .321
Chicago 33 22 .6*o Louisville ...17 39 .301
Baltimore ...US 22 .333 Cleveland ... '.' 41 .180
CHICAGO, June 21.— The Champions played
anything but championship ball to-day anil
were defeated In a dull and featureless game.
Attendance. 8800. Score:
Clubs- R. H. K.
Chicago .. 6 , i> -
Uoston 5 8 5
Batteries — Taylor and Nichols; Killen and
Bergen. Umpires— Gaffney and Manassau.
PITTSBURG, June 21.— Roseborough's debut
this season was not a success. In the three
Innings he pitched New York made nine hit*
and scored their five runs. Carrick was well
supported and kepi the hits scattered. At
tendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 2 5 3
New York 5 10 0
Batteries — Roseborough. Holler and Bower
man: Carrlck and Warner. Umpires— Lynch
and Connolly.
CINCINNATI, June 21.— Hawley was hit hard
all during- the game, but kept hits scattered
fairly well. Fraser gave a base on balls and
was hit safely three times in the ninth, giving
the locals three runs. Thomas' hitting and
Irwin'a Holding were the features. Attendance,
400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 7 0
Philadelphia 7 16 4
Batteries— Hawley and Wood: ITraser and
McFarland. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
■ •
LOUISVILLE, June 21.— The Orioles found
Phllippl in but one inning to-day, and only
then after the side should have been retired.
Hill and Robinson retired after the fourth
Inning. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville • 8 11 6
Baltimore 4 6 4
Batteries— Phillppl • and Powers; Hill. Mc-
Kenna and Robinson and Crisham. Umpires—
Bwartwood and Warner.
ST. LOUIS. June 21.— The Perfectos had little
trouble finding McFarland's curves, and as a
result the Senators went down in a one-sided
battle. Cuppy pitched in good form and it was
his first victory this year. Wallace played a
brilliant game at short. Attendance, 2100.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis..... 9 16 1
Washington 3 10 7
Batteries— Cuppy and O'Connor; McFarland.
McGuire and Butler. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald.
CLEVELAND, June 21.— visitors were
beaten up to the eighth inning, when they made
a rally, piling up six runs. Attendance, 100.
Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
Cleveland 6 14 2
Brooklyn 10 17 4
Batteries — Hughes and SchrecongDßt; Ken
nedy and Grim. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
STEWARDS TO INVESTIGATE.
Jockey Club Will Take Up the Maher-
Banastar Case.
NEW YORK. June 21.— 1t is probable
I the Maher-Banastar case will be in the
hands of the Jockey Club Wefore the week
■is out. The suspended jockey refused to
! talk of his case further than to say that
', it was in the hands of the stewards and
; he was positive he would be vindicated.
! The stewards themselves said there was
nothing to be given out. The case is in
■ the hands of men who will bring out all
the facts connected with it. thus enabling
; the public to form a correct judgment.
Yacht Charmion Wins Gold Cup.
HELIGOLAND, June 21.— The judges
have decided that the winner in the race
for Emperor William's gold cup. which
started June ]!' from Dover. England, is
y. B. Atkinson's 175-ton yacht Charmion,
with R. Lee's 175-ton yacht Wendur sec
ond and J. Gretton's 92-ton yacht Betty
third.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ALMOST A MILE
A MINUTE MADE
BY A CYCLIST
Locomotive Sets the
Pace.
MARVELOUSLY FAST RIDE
DISTANCE COVERED IN SIXTY
FIVE SECONDS.
The Wheelman Shielded From the
Wind by a Contrivance Built
Upon His Steam-Driven
Pacemaker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 21.— A man on a
bicycle rode a mile to-day faster than
any one ever before traveled the same
distance by self-propulsion. The man
was Charles M. Murphy, and he rode
the mile in sixty-five seconds. It was
done as honestly, cleanly and in as
sportsmanlike a manner as any bicycle
ever was ridden. His sole advantage
was a locomotive with one car at
tached, which set the pace and enabled
him to ride in a partial vacuum. No
straps or tow ropes or harness were
employed. He rode naturally, simply
keeping close to the car by rapid pedal
ing. It was a wonderful performance
and a spectacle of thrilling interest. .
The scene of the ride was the central
branch of the Long Island Kailroad,
five miles long, between Farmingdale
and Babylon.
At the rear of the car a box-like
structure had been built to shield the
; rider from the wind. The sides ex
! tended straight out six feet and down
ward to within two feet of the ground,
where they slanted inward toward the
track at an angle of 40 degrees. The
bottoms of the wind-shielding exten
sion lapped over the inner sides of the
rails, setting close to them like flanges
to exclude all the air and dust possible.
\\ iihin the shielding Fides of this con
trivance Murphy pedaled for more than
i two miles, swerving only for a few
' inches and never losing his tremendous,
I steam-driven pacemaker. lie was bare
i headed and wore no eyeglasses, nose or
mouth shield or any kind of appliance.
He rode a bicycle of the regular stock
racing model, weighing twenty-one
pounds and geared to 112, with ordinary
wire toeclips.
There were three-quarters of a mile
to- be traveled before the real trial be
gan, for the board track was more than
two miles long, and nearly a half-mile
was left for slowing up. The cyclist
pedaled faster and faster, his wheel
never failing away an inch from its
Position and swaying from side to side
only five inches. There were five
planks, each ten inches wide, compos
ing the track. Murphy rode the entl it
distance on the middle c-ne and used
only half of that.
As the starting lino was crossed there
was a slight but perceptible increase In
the speed <>f the engine. "Surely the
rider must be lost," thought tin- watch
| ers; but Murphy, except for a slight
I side swaying, did not change his posi
tion. From start to finish the rate of
I speed varied only by the fractions of
a second in each quarter-mile.
Spectators had previously ridden over
the course in one minute and eight
seconds when the engineer was trying
himself and his engine Then it seemed
lik" a flying leap from one end of the
board to the other, but now with a
cyclist riding there under their feet it
seemed like an hour.
The first quarter was traveled in
:16 2-5; the second in :16 3-5, and the
third in :16 1-6.
As the lust quarter was begun the
car bounded just a little from some
unknown cause. The cyclist then fell
away for the <>nly time in the ride.
He dropped back four or five inches and
every heart stood still, but a second
more and he was back again, his legs
moving like piston rods as before.
When the finish line was crossed the
rider threw up his head and Hashed
a grinning countenance at the watch
ers.
The engineer, as soon as the finishing j
mark was crossed, opened the throttle j
and the train bounded away at seventy
miles an hour, thereby leaving Murphy,
who probably would have been unable
to slow away from the car had this not
been done.
Murphy is convinced he can ride a
mile a minute, and so is every one who
witnessed th< j trial to-day. He will
make the attempt on June 30. at the
State League of American Wheelmen
meet.
CONEY SHOWS SPEED.
Goes a Fast Half-Mile in a Pacing
Race at Denver.
DENVER, Juno 2L— Favorites were gen
eraily successful to-day at Overland Park.
Id the pacing event Coney lost the first
heat, but took the next three, and to show
something of what he could do covered
the first half of the second heat in 1:03,
'loins the first quarter in ::UV4- Jockey \V.
I. Dlngley was thrown from Stanza in tho
fifth race and painfully though not dan
gerously hurt. Results:
T^ottinK— Trilby F won second, fourth and
fifth beats and race. Time, 2:14',, 2:17, 2:l6'j.
Success took first beat. Time, 2:l4'*. Ellert
took third beat in 2:14>4. Hooper also started.
Pacing— Coney won second, third and fourth
beats and race". Time, 2:MV6, 2:16%; L':lS. Ho
ward S took first heat in 2:16 V. Arline B,
Olpa. Blast and Patchless also started.
Pout furlongs— Quicksilver won. Bourbon sec
ond, I Don't Know third. Time, MS^. Hum
ming Bird, Knzy. Oman OlX l :in( * Fancher
also ran.
Four and a half furlongs— Sea Queen won.
Blanche second. Wachusett third. Time, :.i6'i.
Bonnie Boucher. Jessie Lyons, Fallbrook. Chll
coot Pass, Billy Heck, Devoir and Kitty Hero
also ran.
Six furlong s Miss Redwood won. Weird sec
ond. Commercial Traveler third. Time, 1:16&
Outlay, Zaraida, Swlftsy, Raps, Napian, New
Moon, Juva and Stanza also ran.
Five and a half furlong»*-Gold Bug won. Sue
<",iftnn second, Blue Hell third. Time, I:i9.
< lldham, Lillian F. Enclno. Royal Lancer.
Naomi B, La Fontera, Stromo and Racebud
also ran.
TWO WINNERS FOR SLOAN.
Blacksmith and Jolly Tar Ridden to
Victory.
LONDON, June 21.— At the second day
of the Qatwlck summer meeting Lord
William Beresford'a black gelding, Black
smith, ridden by Tod Sloan, won the
Crabbett plate of 300 sovereigns. Beati
tude was second and Monti third. The
betting was 6 to 4 on Blacksmith.
The Diamond plate of 300 sovereigns
was won by Lord William Beresford's
three-year-old bay gelding. Jolly Tar,
with Sloan up. Four horses ran a mile
and three furlongs. Sir J. Blundell
Maples' Regent was second and H. Peck's
Ballyleck third. The betting was (i to 4
on Jolly Tar.
CLASH OVER DATES.
Oakland and Stockton Races to Occur
at the Same Time.
STOCKTON. June 21.— There may be a
clash between Oakland and Stockton over
the dates for the fall races. The local
Driving Club, which le giving the fair
and race meet this year, has decided to
hold the latter during the week beginning
September 18. The club claims the right
to the old Stockton dates, but it is un
derstood that Oakland is accepting en
tries for that time. If the Driving Club
finds all the good harness events are go
ing to Oakland, it is proposed to make
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SUCCESS!
Our Midsummer Sale has proven successful far beyond our expectations-
Thousands of purchasers have thronged our store every day this week.
Thousands of packages have been delivered In this city and surrounding
towns. The people found here just what was advertlssd. There was no disap-
pointment. The preparation for this great sale has been so thorough that but
few items are exhausted. We name again the best lines on sale at this writing,
also additional goods offered this morning for the first time. Every day brings
along special things that will be appreciated by wide-awake buyers.
Watch for next Monday. It will be a Gala Day
in our Silk Department.
A DOLLAR GLOVE HOSIERY.
Ladies' Cotton Hose, fast black,
/^ £jT -*. heavy weight, spliced heels and
tl !^\ C* toes ' an excellent article, pr. 12'2C
V/C/ V 9 Children's Ribbed Hose, fast black,
double knees, heels and toes, rood
We decided some weeks ago lor hard wear pair 12^0
to discontinue the Danton Mll i IN IUmCDII/C A D
Glove. Our first reduction to IYIUSUN UliUtnWtAn.
75c sold a large quantity. As Made clever Eastern girls in light,
a result sizes and colors are no ; air v rooms. Every stitch perfect,
longer compie.e. Sizes 6 and Lot I— Several small lots ° f Gowns
longer complete, bizes o ana tQ d form . rlv Sl 79c
and 6} sold out entirely, hv- Lot2— Gowns with embroidery
cry other size from 5?, to 7?., in trimming, formerly $1.25 89c
many of the best colors, on Lot 3-Handsome Empire Gowns,
•snip this mnrnincr A stand- * lace and embroidery trimmed, for-
sale this morning. A stana me rlv $1.50 $1.12
ard dollar glove when offered Lot 4— Muslin Skirts, with tucking
at oi;c will fill the store to and embroidery ruffle, formerly $1
overflowing. . ••' ;;•— • •••••. "79°
& Lot s— Muslin Skirts. umbrella
shape, embroidery ruffb, formerly
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS. 'nnWrin oDrnii.0 90
" A sample line of Belts, DOMESTIC SPECIALS.
bought below value, will be FIGURED LAWNS, fancy designs,
offered at one-third less than p. cloth » 3i inches wide; much
. . ,- 1 . , r below value yard 5c
usual prices. Every kind of W HITE GOODS-White Veined
Leather Belt made by a large Lawns and Checked Nainsooks,
Eastern factory is represented. choic* for ladies' and children's
Nn two belts nlike The latest wear .\ yard 10c
No two Deits alike. me latest BLEACHED COTTON CRASH,
styles only a nice sott qin | ity f or kitchen use
Lot I — Usually 20c, sells at.. and roller towels yard 4c
9c SILESIA, a splendid lining for out-
-1 'o. it 11 11' m S suits, all colors .yard 7c
, Lot 2-Usually 25c, sells at. . ■
W2 : Wy2SC :*- WASH DRESS SKIRTS.
Lot 3-Usually 35c, sells at . Lot X _ L^ Color Crash skirts....
23c 39c
Lot 4— Usually 50c, sells at.. Lot 2— White Pique Skirts, wflred
H } J 34 O seams 69c
°^^ Lot 3— White Duck or Pique Skirts,
Lot 5 — Usually 75c, sells at.. blue band trimming... 75c
48c Lot 4 — Crash Skirts, heavy and me-
Lot 6-Usually ' $1, sells at. . . dium wd ? ht 90c
• 68c Children's Reefer Jackets.
Lot /-Usually $1.50 to $2. Our entire stock on sale. Three
sells at o/e pri;es have been made. Some of the
styles ages 2to 5 years only. Other
Timi/rV nm nRIBITO styles are from 6to 12 years. All
TURKEY RED PRINTS, garments are cut and made in latest
style.
TURKEY RED PRINTS, 25 Lot i-Green, light blue, red
inches wide, black stripes. .•• " : V-"'V $2.75
, , .1 i--j j Lot 2 — Royal, cardinal, navy, ereen,
dots, checks, plaids and 1 wine y ] ] $3.35
fancies 4c yard | Lot 3— Royal cardinal $4.90
WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.,
MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS.
a special effort to secure running races.
In order to get the best gallopers, special
purses will be hung up and the widest
publicity given to the nature of the
week's 'events. The club is already at
work on the programme.
CROWD YELLS "FAKE"
AT DYING PUGILIST
"Dutch" Neal Suffers a Hemorrhage
of the Brain While Fighting
Harry Peppers.
CHICAGO, June 21.— 1n the sixth round
of a boxing bout between "Dutch" X°al
of St. Louis and Harry Peppers of t.os
Angeles at the Adelphi Theater to-night
Neal made a wild riprht-hand swing. Pep
pers easily evaded it. and stepping in land
ed a ligrht left jolt at short range on
Meal's Jaw. Neal reeled back and finally
s;mk down, but the blow of his adversary
appeared so light and weak that the
crowd quickly decided the pugilist hrjd
fallen to a soft spot on the canvas and
intended to earn his money more easily
thon is usual. Loud cries of "He's a
fakir! Take him off!" rang from the. front
of the house, and even the "wise men"
grouped r.bout the ring entertained the
same opinion
Lou Houseman, manager of the rliow.
stopped to the ropes and after glancing
at the prostrate man said to Referee
George Siler:
"This looks liko a soft spot for Neai to
fall in. Tell the people in front Xeal has
quit, but Peppers had no hand in what
appears to be a fake. Tell them Peppers
will get both the winner's and the loser's
end of the purse."
Siler mpdf his way to the footlights and
awarded the entire purse to Peppers. In
the meantime "Kid" McGlynn, who was
in Neal'B corner, had picked up Xeal. who
had rolled out of the ring, and carried
him to his chair. At that time Xeal ap
peared to be, and as a matter of fa?t
®+®+® «f ®Xs) -f ®i®4® -f ®^<S>t® -fS>f®f® -f ®f ®+® -f ®>®^®>®>®-fS»SH<S)
® -W^ A t
1 For Weak Men! j
I Or, Mclaughlin's Electric Belt. j
® ®
♦ C 4 Don't give up because drugs ±
a V sSl^-hj/y^j have failed to help you regain +"
% ( *^oxt' tf-jit ' ■ By'Ns^C^ your natural vigor. There are +
♦ J^^J^^'^^^^^^r thousands of men who have 4-
I liP^S^' '^SSIijL b M. McLAUGHLIN'S 1
I *pplSppW DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S 1
I V 7 *@^ l ' I ELECTRIC BELT. |
n V I^|k¥ / It is the one means of renew- j£
+ \ >v . fei / / '/ in £ wasted vitality. It simply -♦•
x aj \^» <S/ Js charges the nerves and vital -+■
| .$. vs» " Jj ** parts with Electricity while you i
% \H a) sleep. When you get up in the ®
% : |jjjijj|\ V_^ — '/ ißiHHir mornin S y°. feel that some- ®
® I 1^ < UyJllllil ' thing has been added to your ®
I i^^^i 1 . powers— there is a new feeling, |
i 13^^ new energy, ambition to hustle ?
I ill w i>J'll IL an to enjoy life> I
4- T|\^^^^\ H-r~ Call and see me about it or send t
f«»V^ / for my book, "Three Classes of Men," 0
® v\ /Mi ; which I send, closely sealed, free, pr
| X 1 ' Call or direct %
A T\w% M A IWaT mi M l*lt M 702 Markst St., cor. Kearny. 8. T.; +
1 Dr. ivi. A. lYlcLaugnlin, f t v di L o . B Bin° n c ce i t of Bpnng and Bttni I
V *~J ' Sis., Lob AngeUj jT
® Office Hour*— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. 0
®>®4®*®4®^>*®*®i®*®4^4®+®*®*®+®*®+®>®-f®4®'f'®'f ®-f ©f ©
was. perfectly conscious, but when he
heard Siler's announcement he suddenly
and unexpectedly suffered a relapse, and
quickly became unconscious. His han
dlers carried him to a niche in the stage
and began working over him. To all ap
pearances the pugilist was in a bad way.
His own friends were not impressed with
the seriousness of his condition until all
the usual restoratives had failed to bring
him back to consciousness. His body grew
rigid and there was a hurry call for a
doctor.
An examination proved that Neal was
suffering from hemorrhage of the brain
and that he was completely paralyzed.
It is doubtful if he lives till daylight.
Peppers left the theater and the police
are now looking for him. Houseman and
Siler have notified the authorities where
they may be found if wanted.
GODDARD LOSES ON A FOUL.
Strikes His Colored Opponent When.
the Latter Is Down.
CHICAGO. June 21.— Joe Goddard, the
Australian heavy-weight, lost on a foul
to "Klondike." a local colored heavy
weight, in the fifth round of what was to
have been a six round contest at the
Adelphi Theater to-night. After the first
round the men apparently forgot all about
science and went at it rough and tumble.
In the fourth round Goddard threw the
colored man and hit him while on the
floor.
Bicycle Club Organized.
MARYSVILLK. June 21.— A bicycle club
; was formed in this city last evening, with
! a charter roll of twenty members. The
officers chosen were: President. Thomas
: H. Richards: vice president. Morgan Wll
j liams: secretary. James L. Hare; treas
! urer, H. F. Berg: captain, Frank Marshal.
| The next meeting will be held next Tyes
day evening at the Athletic Club rooms.
The charter roll will be kept open thirty
days. Rules of the California Athl/etic
Cycling Club are to govern.
56
5%c
THURSDAY JUKE 22 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Addrew AH Commur.ic«t:«ni to W. S. J^*bJ^sSS~
PUBUCATIQ.N OFFICE Msrr.et and Third Sty. i. F
Teiepfcost Ma - UH.
EDITORIAL 800.M6 i!T *© iiJ Sttv«n««n Street
T«;epfcos» Jia-t ■*
OfXTTERED ET CA-P-P.IEP-S, 15 C£>'TS PTB TV T.r.X.
BJnirU Copies, 5 «ia
Ttrsi bf HiA :- -i-f PMta«K
DAILT CALL i- ..*:.-.« S;-;«.:- Call), ■■• ye*-- *»5.0*»
DAILT CALL (lschl4ta« B«nd*f '.«.. ' I r>.-:tj 3.00
Daii-t CALL itaeSotftac H=^i*r C»_,, : MMkt I«3O
DAILT CAii— E/ £lc*W Mostt »~'c
H'.SLaT CAX.L On* T**r 1-50
WEgKJLT ALL Osm Te»r 1 •'**
A.. t«3»«E*«ter» »J-« llllfcial— i to r*o»:»» '-.'•cr'.jU'.ii.
F*rtj.:« co^te* w*.U tee .'irwirtrf wbea r*ra««*frl-
OAKLAND OFFICE »3 = c2 A :y
hEW YORK OFFICE Room I9S, World Building
C. CEO. KF*OO>EBB. Adverti»inft Repp«»eot«tiire.
mrw roBK tnewt STAXDS.
WaMerf-Afltac Hotel: A. 3reau.na, n. U^loo 6^u»j*i
Ifumr BUD Hct*L
WA«HI>CTO> (D. C. OFFICE Welllogtoo Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Corre.poodeQt.
CHICAGO OFFICE Moi-quette Buildina
C. GEORGE KROGNESB. Advcrtl«ln£ Representative.
Chicago :-■ b b stands.
St«rt2«i How« P. O. Km Ob.; Or*« Northers Hotel;
rracavm R'/u**, Audttonuzn Hot*!
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Mar>:gom«ry itr««t. corner C "■
cpen ur.tl! 5-3 C o'clocK- 337 Hcyn street, ecen -'"
95: '.-.'.<' 639 McAllister *-..'««•. »p«n .-■ >3'
o'clock. €i 5 Lcr^in street, open ur;t!l i- v o'clock
iSAi Mission sweet, open .-,-. iO o'clock. i.*'* Mark«*
street, corner Sixteenth, cp«' until 9 o'c!>c'<. 2£!2
Mission street, op«". until 9 o'cioclf 106 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'cloc^. .605 &> street, open
un»ll 9:30 o'clock-.. NW. ccrner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 cis:"
-
AarcrszaizNTS.
Coln.-.bU — "Th* :.i*n M
-Bbk-^Japaacaa ytrfars:»r.oe-
Orj.he'i2i— Vau<3<tvH>.
a. aami — "PwC2»i:»u."
irar. : O>rra Hcgm — "Th» ■ -;>e» Of Nordiiiy. '
Tirol!— '"Tte Brigands."
AlhaiEbra— "The Maikei B*!L"
Chut»» Zoo iti<: .- --- .-»-- Taa-a»-rIIJ« rwmrj «rteraooa
aid rrecli^g.
Olyrrp'-a "rr.»r Muis and Eilii — S-*-^a.'t:e»-
I=t*r*tate P«z.ora<u Co., Market street, ae*r E-*iU^-Ba:-
-• - cf Manila B»y.
Sctro Bath*— STrirciriltr Baeaa, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By Ch*«* <c "!A>-T-A*-Tj.il\— ThSi <i*r. «.t 11 o>;w;k, Kors«a, it
-■ - ■
THE MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN.
-
rry the mvi
t the exer .
• ■
■ ■ i ytobe a hard
tt le • a the part o\ ins 1
■ - . • ■ • ".
md i
■
tting thei I rk or
' ■ '
. ■ ■ .- ■ - .
■
- ■ ■ •
forth 1
....
■ - .
re i
• ■ ■
» irritati< i
... - that the strife
• ■
ng the
■ ■
. Demo
...
. . . natioi
r the ticket when once
-
I the Dei
... . . ...
...
ever, then a meeting of a
n tome part of tfc<
net man- . ■ :nceas
ent of r>- rai rg tioi
here i
......
eir party :-• : • ■ of the
rity to enter I ipon an eqi tivity in orgai
- - pposed
: the <~'->y by Dei
ther Phelan. : '
The summer will soon slip away, and then the cam
paign of the fall will begin in earnest Tt i« now cer
tain the Democrats will by that time be ■■■'-.
organized for the contest. They will have all their
sure voters ami many doubtful voters enrolled, and
will start the campaign with a great advantage unless
the Republican* have been equally active during the
«i:mmer. It is time, therefore, for Republicans to set
to work. The organization and upbuilding of Re
publican clubs should begin at once.
ng in New Y< • I
"• ■ ' ■ evening
dress W 1 the reasoi
re*s tl -old the reporter! '■ is too hot to
and there-.:- ■ • m un
eporting the event as an in
tion into the metropolis of Chicago manners.
Thus we have another illustration of <
■ ' the amenities of society reporting in the
East
The Philippines may never be worth to the United
the money and blood spent on their capture,
•eady they are serving as a warning
British military authorities anticipating
n the Transvaal are already expatiating on the
of fighting the other fellow on his own
Ainu that the famous 'Two Million
is now a back number, it is evident thf» census
in that city next year will have to do some big
lying or enlist for service in the Philip]
the results of their reports are ma'!--
If nil the respected fathers of prizp-fiarhfr* take to
promiscuous street preaching it will be time to put
a stop to the whole thing. Even as it is pugilism adds
more talk to the noi«e of the world than the eminence
of the trade justifies.
THE GOLD STANDARD.
THE statutes at large fix the unit of value as -
gold dollar, twenty-five and eight-tenths grains
i- weight, 900 fine. In Feet this fixes the
standard of value and make? it gold. In the jumble
of financial leg:slation, however, there are contradic
tions, cross iiurposfts and confusion enougH to hang
every possible %-Idcat financial theory upon and
]^c room for more.
-■■_-■
- ■•- ■ tfae rif
Enance.il " .
. - ■ . f the spine
-.■--- - - .
x>n a
tary service oi • " ■ f the
population, • a
n and revenge 1
the slayer - "
■ -
red l - "
roi r I Wai
ire recorded ii r ma ~
lands oi retins al
r final systei m in 1
- .. - ■ t cot
■ - tto s I for th< ble-i I :
• . • '-.-■■■ " ' • ■ • - :
%as the unii
nuance of the
the ■ - ■ two steps in
■ : -
. . . . .. . .
........ . ...
ration 1 ■ ■ ■
thr countr] rying need r - Both ] tical
to shy
Rom it ai .
me
thing done t is pi
t pro] ' ■
- ■ •■ • ■ traij ■ ' ' i •■■•-■
... - . ■ ■ - ■ _- •
ndai erefoi
the coming ngres put 1
-- • • . - ; committee
•- ■ ■ ntrei the f nd 1 :on
■ ■ • ■ " ' v
■
- J
To the named business man. who for iac.< ci ace
...
quate banks and the abser.ce o? lacihties tor putting
the loan fund within cheap and ea=v reach of all who
need to use it is handicapped, this may not seem
much. But to the student of financial architecture :t
■
i; the analogue of a :oundat;on ror a complete super
structure. Upon it may be built a banking system
with more safeguards than r.o-»\ but with a flexibility
which v.'ill readiiy adjust it to the needs of even' part
of the country-
.... - . ■ -..
ther of il Ferei
... .
i ■ ■- ■
- -
given to fi] I legislatioi • "
SEEKING CHEAP LABOR
S. . _ rected attention 1
... . elphia 1
per ate fad - ii
...
maud among
the Soul ■ . • ; •_ the pro
terpr I pen a new field of in
■ its are
■
n S ■ merica, be vase with • per
-■
the goods produced in the
[ will yield better
profits thai tured in this < ountry.
Enterprises of this nd have become common to
the British by reason of the fact that they have long
had a surplus capital seeking investment in all parts
of the world. It is only recently, however, that the
capitalists of the United States have given them even
a casual consideration. Our own country has afforded
such inviting opportunities of ail kinds that we have
imported capital from abroad and have not thought of
ending it to other land; A change has come over
the minds of Eastern capitalists of late. They are no
longer content with the inducements offered by the
West and the South for investments, but are rivaling
the British themselves in the extent to which they are
venturing enterprises beyond the seas.
The Philadelphia Inquirer notes the undertaking of
an enterprise, under cor.trol of men in that city, to
establish woolen mills in China. Cotton and silk
have long been successfully manufactured by the
cheap labor of the Orient, and the promoters of the
row enterprise reasonably expect to accomplish
| equally good results in the product of woolen goods.
m venture not be
■ ■ '■■ The Inquirer frays,
mill pr ess it -.vii! be
by other • tits of a more
■ ■ ' aye shown
clever at all kinds of
ould be readily found and
■a. comb 01 ■ ' ■ • •■•
• the enter
rofitai
to our industri;
■ that b more porten
than that of • | irplus capital
extent, instead of being
-r< • ■ and to advance our in
• • • when cheap labor mm
•. • • be far worse than any we have yet
rnerican machinery, and
Chin< working in China will be hard com
• its indeed for the American workingmen at
home.
A VOICE FROM INYO
f~\ S 'hr rn^n to whom the Democrats of the nation
\ for leadership and guidance are apparently
* * too much muddled even to direct their own steps,
murh less those i I ty, the editors of the Demo
cratic ■■-■ ■ ■' y have to 1 oe their
own row and to preach such gospel as they can de
vise out of their individual faith for the enlighten
ment of their readers.
In this emergency the Inyo Independent comes
forward with a platform and a candidate, each- of
which has some merit, and that is more than can be
said of the dogmas and the tickets proposed by the
organs of Democracy in larger cities and of greater
pretensions.
erning the matter of campaign issues the In
dependent says the "anti-Republicans n^ed but one
THE SAX FUA^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
plank in their platform to settle the business at the
next Presidential election, the same being anti
administratioa." The merit of that :■.■'■-. is its
brevity, a thing not to be despised in this day of many
words. It is also one which will command the sup
port of all the calamity howlers in the nation, for it
signifies opposition to a!! the great administration
policies which have •■-■--- •-:>• at home and
increased our prestige abroad.
On the subject of candidates the Independent says:
"At present no man stands prominent if we except
Bryan, whose financial views will -■. him for a suc
cessful candidate. Gorman, a Southern man, is not
available. Our own State — we will give the ex-
United States Senator the credit for honesty and ca
pabiiities — cannot furnish a standard-bearer. Who
next? Why not Cleveland? Of all the men in the
Democratic ranks he is the one who is on the proper
side of the issues of the times."
There you have it. Grover Cleveland, standing on
a single plank, and representing nothing but opposi
tion to the administration, is the sum and substance
of the politics of the Independent. It is unquestion
ably clear and strong There may be confusion
among the Democrats of all other parts oi the
United States, but there is none in Inyo.
THE PRIMARY ELECTION LAW.
P^J ROM every point 01 view it is desirable that "'"
primary election law should be given a fair trial
* in practical operation before an: steps are taken
... to amend ..... The people have long
I desired a law designed to. prevent frauds at the pri
) maries, and now that one has been enacted it is but
i right and fitting it should be fairly tested in order
! that its merit; and demerits may be clearly revealed
For guidance in future legislation on the subject,
--houJd such be found necessary.
-be re-
• . . - • . part o:
■"•
■ r -. - n given il
... ■ T -' a complete
nd that event is i
• ■ g g ned by fore
■ . - ' me to the interest
... tcome of the prad
ban ■ me 1 -
• . rein ti • : ; good
-
... ■■■■',■■■ , . . • .
It i? well known the act does not give universal
, .■■■■■ sfcrrwsfV -' , . ■'•-,■ - T
satisfaction. No act or new legislation ever does. It
i* certain. however, there has been a well nigh univer
-
sal demand :or an act protecting trie rights ot voters
at primary elections. The present law has been
enacted in response to that demand. It expresses the
will of the majority of •'•■•■ people as represented in
the Legislature, and has received the sanction and
the signature of the Governor. It is now about to be
tested in every particular, and by that test will be
shown whether it is worth while preserving, whether
-'iiit ii i § • i iii •
it shouid be amended, or whether it should be abol
ished altogether.
The atl • 1 • T»l _ • . . ssoe is exa :' y "'-■•
The attitude ot The Call on this issue is exactly the
, same as tnat taken with respect to the movement lor
■ contesting tne validity o: ... charter. The argu
i me-.- in each case is substantially the same. When
I the charter was submitted to the people for considera
| tion and action The Call opposed it, but since it has
■ beer, adopted The Call maintains it should now be
i given a trial, so that it may be seen and clearly under
stood how far it subserves the welfare of the city, how
Ear it is an improvement upon the present form of
municipal government, m what it needs amendment
! and in what respect it should be changed.
"• c bad. th< I -.- to disclose
■ " bring about their repeal is to
nforce ii S ng as il remains untested it will con
' ' ■ ' ■ " ' re academic disputation.
t! ng but z '■■■ ■ ' ; r trial can really te=t it=
therefor* are -eeking to have it
declared invalid before such a trial are in the same
se who are tr . to have the new
harter I lared invalid In e^rh case the : --»-,..-. ■
the public are heir? subordinated to individual
caprices, pre lices r interests. It is for the public
pood •'- ■ ■'•• new charter should be tried and the
primary law tried. When the tests have been made
hen ki v what 1 ;k of the next Leei=!3
the way of reform, and can expect a fair degree
•. r- : orms are needed
• :h case.
WHAT WE DO NOT NEED.
OR este< : contemporary, the Lo« Angeles '
i, informs Gage. Burr.= and all others
interest! tf there is -c thing more than
another that the State of Califorr.ia doesn't need. '
and can pet along without, it is an ext-a session of
the Legislature."
Le«t th2t sithple notice should not be sufficient, the
• L ' nto -^ay to the Governor, the would-be
set tor and all other- concerned: "We can worry
alone with the Hessian fly, if it comes, the Canadian
thistle, the white, purple and black scale, a dry s<? - a
--' ' ' ' " ' ' '■' any other ordinary complaint.
but considering the experience had with the regular
>n. an extra dr.<.p of that drastic medicine would
turn the stomsfh of the State "
Then* by way of emphatic conclusion, and for *V
purpose of impressing the gaits <-■:' the extra session
schemers, our warning contemporary adds: "It will
take at least two years to Ret things disinfected up at
the capita!, and the man with the chloride of lime and
• :>eras can should not be interfered with. Let
it? have no more stenche* until they come along in
the regular course of events."
The argument is not long and is so clear that even
the Governor and the man of the <=ide-tracked Sena
--heme will be able to understand it. There
rued to be added only that it rer>re=ent« the universal
sentiment of the taxpayers of the State. When they
read it they will shout, "So say we .ill of us."
';',rrrr ; n was easily successful in managing the old
vs in the Senate and built up a great reputation
a' a political manager, but it remains to be seen
whether he can do anything remarkable in the way
of handling the wild colts of Bryanism. There is a
chance the old man may see himself and his apple
cart upset long before* the Presidential year comes
round.
The French Government is driving to sneak Drey
■--retly into France. What will the Government
dc when the returned soldier will have the right to
here he pleases? A dynamite explosion may be
a mild comparison for the situation.
Now that Captain Coghlan has stopped off at hi?
old home in Indiana t<-. allow an anxious public to
learn from his own lips that he is <till on the map.
will he proceed to get to the station assigned him by
the naval authorities?
Murderer Moore did not get it in the neck after all.
The Nevada City jury tryinp him fixed the penalty
for his crime at imprisonment for the remainder of
his unnatural life.
NEVADA CITY'S MAYOR
WILL AID THE CAUSE
MAYOR P. S. RECTOR OF NEVADA CITY.
MAYOR B. B. RECTOR ol Nevada City la as stanch a sup; rtei
C the ' . r to erect a statue to Admiral Dewey ar. 1 the
a? can bf found in the s:at*. He pledges Ne
vada Clty'a aid, and shortly appoint a committee to
funds for the purpose. He»e la what he says:
NEVADA CITY. June 21.— T0 the Editor of the San Fran
cisco Call: The proposition to erect a monument to the gallant
hero of Manila Bay is one that should receive net only the in
dorsement but tb* practical aid of every Californian who loves
his country and admires its defenders. If each of us contrib
utes a small amount there will be no hardship Imposed on any
body and the aggregate sum realized will be ample to build
the magnificent monument that is suggested. Nevada City can
be depended upon to respond with the same promptness and
generosity that she always does when appealed to in behalf of
a worthy cause. I will shortly name a committee of citizens to
take charge of the work here. B. S. RECTOR. Mayor.
ELECTRICIANS
TALK FLUENTLY
OF CURRENTS
Closing of the Annual
Convention.
The second day of the annual conven
tion of the Pacific Coast Electric Trans
mission Association, at the Cliff Hcuee,
was devoted to the reading of papers and
a general discussion. The session began
at 10 o'clock and ended late in the after
noon, the entire programme havine L-e?n :
completed according to schedule. Prince I
Ponial -: directed the meeting in his
new capacity as president of the associa
tion.
Professor C. 1,. Cory of the University
of California read a very carefully com
posed paper on the '"Regulation of Alter
nating Current Generator*." He sal
"The cli mot torce ] ■ • in
any given dynam ■ : -•■oral .
to three factors— the - i the number
of rev ■' I per minute: the number
ar : <l arrangement cf conductors or. the
armature, ard the strength of the rna^
• Beld in T 'r.-- spa< c through whic
■ ra are moved. Aa la we.i \a
the conductors in which ih<- electro mo
tive force is produced are sometimes - -
tionary. in which case the magnet:
Is <.1 tsed t<~' move or i • . -•
strength, which if equivalent in -
way to the movement of 1 tors
when the magnetic field is statii
As? long as these three factor? •
star.t. the electro-motor force generated
In the roils of an armature is constant."
In conclusion, after a;, elaborate I
nical explanation of his subject. Professor
Ccry said:
"It might be said that our m^
dynamo, whether alternating or direct—
and. If alternating, whether polyphase or
single phase— should possess five imp--r
--tar.t features— a high Q ■ ; . a low :
temperature increase when operating m
full load, g'' I immutation (refei
.-, T ;y to direct current machines;, gooi
mechanical design and construction, and
good regulation. These five features are
interdependent and each has greater or -
less tmi
After Professor Cory had finished his
an open discussion occupied the
rime and attention of the association. The
next paper wa« read by L. A. Hicks. His
subject wa? "Electrically Driven Centrif
ugal Pump?" He said:
"The drought of the past two years in ,
California has been product great
-ion in the manufaci r< I pumps
le for irr: jai poses and the
cemporaneout .■ ment of numei
<-.us proje< ts for the electrical transmis
r water-power at such intensities
that distance comes to be of
decreasing Importance, is favorable
to the continued utilization ol
pumping as a means of supplying -water
for irrigated land, insuring crops in dry
years and so maintaining land \ alues and
load factor?. " The speaker then went
into a technical consideration of centrif
ugal pumps and their value. After a care
ful analysis Mr. Hicks concluded with the
following:
"The application of this philosophy to
the centrifugal pump leads to the con
clufdon that a properly deigned plant of
this type in units up to 5,000.006 gallons
capacity is economically superior to any
other possible installation, and that where
circumstances are favorable to the use
of electricity the simplicity, compactness
and automatic regulation of these plants
are unex<-el!*-d. ' - must
; in time make the centrifugal pump an in
: creasingl> important factor in water
works service.
W. C. Hutton's paper. "By What
Method Shall Be Determined a Fair Re
turn for Current Supply?" favored a re
■ ■ : rates so as to increase con- ;
sumption.
She Neglected the Third.
The olographic will of the late Maria
R. Rejran, at one time a re?M»nt of this
city, who <!ied April IS la.=t, at San Remo,
Italy, was filed in the Probate Court yes
terday. A remarkable feature of the vVA :
\? thilt it disp f >^s of but two-thirds of
decedent's estate as folows: To a si«r -r.
Johanna A. Stokes, one-third of the real
estate and improvements be'ionping to th»- :
testatrix, situated on the west side <if
Montgomery street, between Bush and
Sutter. and running back to Trinity; to i i
brother, W. J. Regan, and a sister. Caro
line A. Nixon. one-Pixth of the estate
each. The remaining third Is not d;s- :
posed of in the testament. W. J. Re<<an
is named as executor, to serve without
bonds
CONSTERNATION
IN THE COUNTY
CLERK'S OFFICE
The Force Must Be
Greatiy Reduced.
The Justices of the Supreme Court yes
terday handed down a decision which
caused consternation in the County
Clerk's office and cast a deep gloom into
the hearts of nearly a hundred employes,
many of whom stand every chance of
losing their political jobs.
The decision was in the case of the
city and county of San Francisco against
William Broderlck, as Auditor. The ac
tion was instituted last year to enjoin the
Auditor from allowing- the demands of
certain assistant registry clerks and copy
ists appointed by the then County Clerk
Curry. The Auditor demurred to the pe
tition and his demurrer was sustained.
The petitioner refused to amend and
judgment of dismissal was ordered, from
which an appeal was taken. Th Su
preme Court says that the principal ques
tion is not as much the right of the Clerk
to appoint as it is of the duty of the city
to pay the salaries of his appointees. The
court says:
Section -■■ •'•-.• county government act i; I
the section containing the authority -which it is j
contended authorized these appointments. It I
is a general section and read? as follows: j
"Every county, township and district officer, I
except a Supervisor or judicial officer, may mp- i
point as many deputies as may be firmans j
for th- prompt and faithful discharge of tna
duties of his office * • • ." This is '••.-
tainly a grant of power from the Legislature
to the ■-.■??■: en at officers, authorizing then to
appoint necessary deputies, bat the question 1
of the compensation of these deputies when i
appointed, is auite 3 different matter. It does
not fo!!cw that because the deputies may be |
appointed, their salaries must be paid by the >
county. * • • Such a construction would re- •
nit in a grievous interference with the coun
ty funds and would come clearly within the
purview of section 13. article XI of the con- '
stitution. • • *
In conclusion the court says:
The County Clerk of the city and county of
San Francisco by the act of February 13, 1880,
is given a fixed salary, and is allowed a fiiM
number of deputies and assistants, whose com
pensation la a charge upon the treasury. He ;
has the Dower under section 6! of the County
Government Act to anoint additional depu
tie? ar.l a c <;star.t<= If the needs of his office so I
require, but in the present condition of th» j
law the compensation of these extra assist
ants and deputies must b« paid for by himself
The Judgment Is therefore reversed, with di
rections to the trial court to overrule the Au
ditor's demurrer
In the case of Harry Piper, as chief {
deputy clerk with a salary of $250 per
month, the court says: "The office here
In question was created by an act of the
Legislature, approved February 14 lg?i
Judgment appealed from is affirmed
Under the decision the County Clerk
is allowed eight courtroom clerks, eight
register clerks, seven assistant register i
clerks, one copy clerk, two record clerks
and three copyist?, a total of twenty-nine
; employes. Under the present system" there
are twelve courtroom clerks, twelve regis- i
j ter clerks, twenty-four assistant register
; clerks, twenty-nine copyists— a total of
i seventy-seven employes.
CHARTER TEST CASE.
Demurrer Sustained and the Matter
Now Goes to Supreme Court.
Through an agreement of counsel Judge
Hebbard yesterday made a pro forma or
der sustaining the demurrer of the Elec
tion Commissioners to the petition of the
county officers for an injunction to re
strain the placing of their offices In the
election proclamation and on the ballots
under the charter. From the order made
by Judge Hebbard an appeal will be taken
by George D. Collins, who represent? the
officials, and the matter will be arpned
and determined before the Supreme Court •
The agreement that the pro forma order
should be made Was arrived at for the
purpos. of expediting matters. The ac
tion has now been disposed of as fir a
the lower court is concerned, and the linal
decision of the Supreme Court will "c
anxiously awaited, especially by the offi
cials and enemies of the charter
A Young Man's Downfall.
Alexander Rreckinrid^. alias Jamieson,
who systematically stole teeth from the
firm of J. H rt . tolkers & Bros, and sold
the platinum attached to the teeth to as
say*--rs. was convicted by Judge Tread
well yesterday on two charges of petty
larceny and sentenced to six months in
the County Jail. He belongs to a respec
table family and had been employed by
L»r. Cochrane, dentist, for a number o*f
years.
COMPELLED TO
REFUND PART
OF THEIR FEE
Police Court Attor
neys in Trouble.
DEFENDED PRETTY OFFENDER
BEPRESZ^ZD THEY WISE DO
ING SO FOR CHARITY.
The Tearful Condition of Defendant's
Wife in Court Led to a Disclos
ure of the Pacts in the
Case.
A woi bathed in tears and har'r:*
three young children beside her aroused
considerable sympathy if. Judge Tr?£d
well's court yesterday rnomiiig,- She uss
Mrs. Thomas Fallen, and her husband
was accused of p-etty larceny in stealing
two pool balls from the Metroprie saloon,
on Market street, a week ago. He was
drunk and did not know what he w&3
doing. When arrested his wife put up
Jl5O cash ball for his release.
The case came up for trial yesterday,
and the Judge felt inclined to deal se
verely with the defendant, which cause 1
the wife's tears to Sow. Sosce one touk
pity on the wife and asked her what was
the matter. She told her story, and sail
that she had given two lawyers VM :o
get her nnsfcand out cf his trouble, but
she was afraid he would be sent to jail.
The Jucire was notified and he sent for
Mrs. Fallon. She repeated her statement
that she had riven SIOO to the attorneys,
which siaee^red hid, as the attorney?,
Webb and Caldweii, had told him that:
they were defending the case out of char
ity. Mrs. Fal'.on said that she and her
husband had succeeded in savin? $300 out
cf his eamines as a steam niter, ir.d
that was why'she had the money to pay
the attorneys, who represented to her
that the case was a serious one.
The Judse sent for Webb, and he Snal'y
admitted "that he had got the $100. but
whatever Sre Fallen had to pay woulg te
taken out of It The Judge was lnd!g
nant and demanded that part of the
money should be returned, and $*'• wn*
reluctantly handed over to Mrs. Fallon.
Th* Judee then, after consulting Pro-e
--cutingr Attorney rpent< suspended
sentence for thirty day? and allowed Fal
lon to so on his own recognizance.
It appeared that Fallen had cor.c in:o
the saloon drunk and took up different £i"
ti'-lps in a playful manner and replace i
them. The two pool balls he put In h^3
pocket and forgot all aVvut them til' h^
was arrested. For defending him on <=;:«-!i
a Bin* charee a fee of tICO was consid
ered out of all reason, but added to that
was the statement that the defense v?\*
conducted cut of charity, so as to set a
nominal fine imposed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PR! 8.,
Btockt* Thei - ------
- yes coined il
States al -
FOtTRTH V ' -
■
■--■ . • - -
■ ■ ■
FORD'S THEATER— S.. City. Ford's
Theater in Washington. D. C. the one in
•xhich President Lincoln was assassinated,
collapsed June 9. ISS*3. Twenty-two per
sen« were Instantly killed and fifty ver«
seriously injured.
ENGAGING IN BUSINESS— T.. Ma!
teimoro. Cal. It !s a rule of this depart
ment never to give advice as to the in
vestment of means or energy :n ar.y busi
ness, and fcr that reason cannot tell you
whether it would be wi«e for you to en
gage in the transportation business it the
cc* mines in Lower California.
THE PARIS COMMISSIONERS—Con
stant Reader. Treka. Cal. This depart
ment does not give legal opinions, as that
is a province that belongs to the courts.
In regard to the appointment of Paris
Exposition Commissioners from Califor
nia the law plainly says: "It is made the
duty ... Governor of California with
in ten days after the passage of th:s act
to appoint three commissioners, one from
the northern, one from the central and
one from the southern portion of tha
State, who shall constitute the California*
Paris Exposition Commissioners. * * •
This act shall he in force from and after
its passage." The act became a law dur
ing the last cays of March by the Gov
ernor affixing his signature to it. On the
yth of April he appointed B. C. Truman.
en JTay 21 V,". W. Fool and on May 22
E. *.'.". Runyon. "Whether he had the
power to make these appointments after
the time specified in the law lapsed can
be determined by any -.;■•.. wishes
%p test the matter in court-
A MARRIED MANS WAGES— So
nora, Cal. The law of this State in tha
matter of the exemption of the wages of
a married man says: "The earnings of
a judgment debtor for his personal serv
ices rendered at any time within thirty
days next preceding the levy of execu
tion or attachment when it appears by
the debtor's affidavit that such earnings
are necessary for the use of his family
residing in this State, supported in whole
or in part by his labor, but where debts
are incurred by such person or his wife
or his family for the common necessaries
of life, the one-half of such earnings
mentioned are nevertheless subject to ex
ecutive garnishment or allotment to sat
isfy debts so incurred."
Ca'. glace fruH : rownseod**.*
Special infermar: E
t-jsines? houses and pull • r th«
Pres? ■ Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mala . >»-
Important— eyeglasses, specs. Me to
40c. Look out for TS 4th. next stovestore.*
She Asks Bis Damages.
Suit was filed yesterday by Margaret
Bolger against the IV.anchard Company
to recover $20,000 for the death of her hus
band. William Bolster, who was killed on
May 12 by a falling spar on the ship Alice
Blanchard. Negligence or. the part of me
defendant company is charged.
Reduced Rate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held in Detroit
thi* year, commencing July 5. The Northern
Pacific will be official route, as it was In 1537.
when the convention was held in San Francisco.
Over IC.OO* people returned East over ths
Northern Pacific, and they were loud in their
praises over the many beauties seen along- he
line. You will have a nice. cool, pleasant
Journey, enjoying the most luxurious of accom
modations. Stopover allowed at the wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in stamps for il
lustrated book to T. K. Staieler. General
Agent. 6SS Market at San Francisco.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m.. June J9. via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific. Chicago ar.d
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, one day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Expos!t!cn.
Round trip rate to Detroit. $?! For 1 1 mil i
tions and further Information address - : rg«
P. Lowell. Tr." -sportatlon Manager California
Christian Endeavor. I(D> Eighth aye.. East
Oakland. Cal.
Low Rates to Detroit. Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Jonvention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will make rate of
$S1 for the round trip. Tickets on >ale Ju-.*
ZSth. For full particulars '•all at ticket office.
628 Market street, this city, or HIS Broadway.
Oakland.
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Dr. Siegert"s Angostura. Bit
ters. Try it. Be sure to »st the cenulno.STRIFE IN THE CAMP
OF URBAN DEMOCRATS
Factions Lining Up for the
Battle of the Primaries.
Usurpation of Power by the Committee
or One Hundred Is Resented.
The Programme Scorned
ACTIVITY in the ramps of the differ
ent political parties is becoming
more and more manifest day by
tiny, and within a short time after
I the coming national anniversary it
will certainly reach the zenith.
Up to date there is greater activity
thown among the Democrats. The r?asor.
possibly for this is that the bickerings
among Republicans for jobs that have
failed to materialize and the bitter ani
mosities caused by the. recent Senatorial
light have inspired the Democrats with
i he belief that this is a Democratic year.
While the VunterrilledV are seemingly
enthusiastic*,: and a? a result two and three
;:hs have been organized by them in
l .eh of the eighteen Assembly districts,
>-t. to use the common political phrase.
there Is "low down" a bitter and fiercely
hostile sentiment prevailing among piem.
All torts of minors till the air. Buckley
clubs here. Committee of One Hur.drt-d
clubs there. Rainey and Lannigan lubs
untl independent clubs elsewhere, can be
heard of on al! sides. The battle is on.
and henceforward r-ntil the primary ia\\
Dii August S. the Democrats are bound to
lino up, and on that day the iire along
the line will be fast and furious.
The un.-u: masses of the local' Demo
cracy have not forgotten the haughty
measures carried through last year, re
eulting ii; the appointment of the Com
mittee of One Hundred. The action of the
new men who control the One Hundred in
I heir manipulation with country members
ct the State Central Committee in depriv
ing the voters here of a voice in the man
agement of their own party affairs, must
be avenged. This can only be accom
plished by a complete discomfiture of the
ticket the Committee of One Hundred will
endeavor to carry through at the ap
proaching primary /or delegates to the
wining municipal convention; Massed up
against tile ruie of the one Hundred are
Bcme of the best and most representative
numbers of the party. It is realized on all
Bides that the domination of the One Hun
dred brought ruin and disaster to the or
ganization last November. To be victo
rious, the large body of the party believe
that the action of last year must hi re
buked by a decisive vote at the primary,
ai.e those leaders, such as the McNab.3;
i Poppers and Braunharts, must be rele
gated to a back seat in 1 he party councils.
These leaders in the promotion of Dem
ocratic discord seem to be doubly am
bitioua this year to continue their reign of
3isorgan:zation and defeat. At the last
meeting of the 100 the chairman was au
thorized to appoint an executive commit
;ee of eighteen; who in turn are to estab
lish headquarters and conduct the pri
mary campaign in the interest of the gen
?ral committee. It is asserted that in the
appointment of this committee of eigh
teen that the programmers violated the
trust reposed in the local committee by
!he Democratic State Central Committee.
The 100 were, appointed by the State
Central Committee, and simultaneous
with their appointment they were handed
a. constitution for their government.
Section 2 of said constitution reads:
"The Democratic City and County Com
mittee shall have no power to delegate to
my r>ther committee or persons any of the
powers hereby conferred on it except as
aerein provided."
Section 3 reads:
"The Democratic City and County Com
mittee, shall have power to appoint all dis
:rict or precinct committees and all sub
committees that it shall from time to time
item expedient, solely for the purpose of
Investigating and reporting to said Demo
:rat!c City and County Committee upon
any matter with regard to which It may
oe directed to investigate and report."
Section 4 reads:
"None of said committees shall con
:inue in existence except for the purpose
5f reporting to the Democratic City and
County Committee beyond the time of the
aext meeting of the »aid Democratic City
and County Committee and not longer
than thirty days In any event."
The committee of eighteen was not ap
pointed to Investigate anything. It was
appointed solely and simply for the pur
pose of conducting a campaign in the
Interest of the "bosses," who control the
committee of one hundred. These would
be bosses have discovered that it Is much
easier to manage a small committee of
eighteen than the larger one of 100, which
has already, so it is said, shown itself
unwieldy and difficult to handle. At the
meeting at which this executive com
mittee was provided for by resolution
there were only forty-five members pres
ent, and section 15 of the constitution
reads:
"No action of the Democratic City and
I County Committee or its successors shall
be valid or of any effect except as herein
otherwise provided, unless said action is
taken by a vote of three-fifths of all the
members of said Democratic City and
County Committee."
It will be observed that even if the
100 had the power to transfer any author
ity to an executive committee, then the
resolution creating the executive com
mittee did not have the necessary votes
to carry it. Sixty votes were necessary,
and as only forty-five were present it is
difficult to understand by what process
of reasoning Chairman McDonald de
clared the resolution carried. The Demo
cratic voters were absolutely ignored
when the Committee of One Hundred was
originally created: and now the said com
mittee has absolutely ignored the consti
tution which it was pledged to support.
It is noted that the several factions of
the Democratic party are now extremely
active in the enrollment of voters. The
keenest observers are not able to explain
fully the significance of this early activity.
Buckley's strength in the party is stiil
an unknown quantity. He is working
nitrht and day and constantly receiving
suggestions from lieutenants who were
at. one time rated as successful politi
cians. The problem is still unsolved
whether Buckley is in the field to organ
ize a machine for the future control of
k the party, or simply taking part in th's
I campaign to serve the cause of some big
corporation. Openly he is not oppose I to
the renomination of Mayor Phelan.
Whether his attitude in this respect will
change after the election of delegates to
the convention is a matter of conjecture.
Gavin McKab holds to the opinion that
Buckley will cut but a small figure in
the forthcoming campaign. He regards
the Bui key following as insignificant, be
lieving that the strength of the Buckley
clubs is overestimated. In his judgment
Buckley is simply working the wires to
get some delegates In the convention and
secure the nomination of a few Super-
visors. ■•"■' , v -
The Call has endeavored to ascertain
the real strength of the contending looil
factions of the Democracy, and to bring
to light the real purposes of recently or
ganized clubs.
In the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
there are three lbs. The club organ
ized by Maxwell and Hocy undoubtedly
represents the Committee of One Hundred.
There Is a Buckley Club in this district,
and' also a third club. John F. McGov
erri and Larry Buckley have been active
in the organization or the third or inde
pendent clubs, and overtures for- a com
bine have been received by them from
the One Hundred Club and the Buckley
crowd. The district is entitled to fifteen
delegates in the convention. It is proba
ble that two oJKtbe clubs will combine
and each take seven delegates. The dice
can be thrown for the odd delegate.
In the Twenty-ninth District it appears
that the Kainey and Buckley men are
combining to down Senator Braunhart.
A Rainey Club is being organized by Joe
Flannagan and others. Gibney and Tom
Eagan are reported to be active in or
ganizing the Buckley forces. Braunhart
Is the accredited representative of the
•I'-'ommittee of One Hundred in this dis
trict. The combine bids fair to wallop
i he Senator.
In the Thirtieth District, P. .T. Tomalty
speaks for the One Hundred. The oppos
ing forces have organized a club and so
Tomalty must put up a vigorous fight to
win the delegates. Whether the opposi
tion represents Buckley is not clear.
Many independent Democrats are pro
testing against the usurpation of power
by the One Hundred and they may unite
with the new flock of lambs in support
of a 'i» legate ticket.
There aic- three or four clubs in the
Thirty-first Assembly District. The dub
which Tim Tracy is enrolling is supposed
to have Buckley sympathies. <. harlss
Gallag Dick Doolan speak for the
■ • On< Hundred in tbeThlrty
: • and Senator Hall ar<?
organizing a third band of Democratic
warriors. The prospects of a great .ight
tnd are brilliant,
fhirty-second Assembly District
■r • > ti ed Iwo i democratic
• John F. Twigg heads the faction
■ ledges the Committee of
cd. Frank Lester, Pat Norton
and othei ar ■ rganizlng a rival dub.
■ two clubs In the Thirty-third
District Senator 1.. J. Dwyer Is direct
afi i.rs of one dub. <;eorge LJod
ithers of the Potrero are not
I Dwyer shall have the works
without a contest, and are. therefore, re
1' - Demoerati for another club
Buckley's band Is not shown at the Po
and neither is the Influence of the
red j eroeptible. The general
• : delegates, with a sentiment in
■
There are many indications of a sharp
n the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District. William J. Hint.- and Dan
lahan are against the pretensions oi
■ Hundred. Fred Raib and others
nzied a club .according to the
programme of the so-called Democratic
City a',<i County Committee.
Democrats of the Thirty-fifth District
.ire lining up for c battle. Larry Dolan
• a i tub oi the unterrifled against I ■
usurping one Hundred. John ii. Orady
has the programme of the One Hundred
Is displaying it to the voters. The
Gradj Club is in go.jd fighting trim.
The Thirty-sixth Is Max Hopper's do
main, but singular to relate the program- i
mers representing the One Hundred lind I
| many obstacles in the path of effective or
ganization. Judge Coffey'B nephew is
sting Popper.
In the Thirty-seventh District the Val
ley Club is < formidable organization. It is
reported that Buckley will develop grtat
strength in the district. Among the work- |
ers at the front are Harry Mulcready and j
Harry Kelly. It !? surmised that Jim !
Nealon is behind the scenes manipulating!
the wires. The Committee of One Hun
dred baa organized a rival club, with
Baldwin for chairman, but the prime
movers In presenting the programme are
T. J. Walsh and H. Zemansky.
Tiie Thirty-eighth District is Sam
Raines's home. .lim Powers, John Me- !
Ginney and Tom Clark are organizing to!
beat the programmers of the One Hun-
There are two club? in the Thirty-ninth
The orga tization headed by
Biei ■ ■■ '■ represents the One Hundred.
The leaders <-f the opposition dub are:
Frank Conklin and .!. A. Fenton. As far i
be ascertained, there is no Buck
ley Influi nee in the opposition club. The i
Democratic workers simply resent the
: l pri gramme.
In the Fortieth District M. C. Hassett
tpeaks foi the One Hundred. He has or- ■
fjanized a programme club. His opponents
in the district are little Dick ( ''Connor and ;
Ed Rock. A Buckley following in this
district Is represented by big Dick O'Con
nor. A sharp fight is predicted.
The Forty-first District Is Lanigan's ter
ritory . but he Is moving cautiously and
i lint; his plans for the future. M. C. !
Haley dwells in this district. His sympa- I
thies , -• dto incline toward Buck
ley.
Sam Rainey has managed for a long i
■ time to control affai<-.- In the Forty-second
■ bly District. Buckley has some foi- ■
lowers In that quarter of the city, among
them Denny Gordon. The programme >f '
mmittte of One- Hundred ha^, not
:■! • sented to the voters.
In the Forty-third District T. J. l'lndar
speaks for the County Committee
called.
'1 he only club in the Forty-fourth Din
trici Is one organized by Ge< rge Maxwell
of the Fire Department. The programmers
heve not shown their hands in this dis
trict. They may make a play for a tew
delegates without effort foj club orjranl
on.
The Forty-fifth Assembly District ii I
Gf.vin McNab's home. Very little activity
is shown on the surface. A programme
club will, however, be organized in time i
to put up n ticket.
DEMOCRATIC CLUB MEETING.
The Forty-Third Assembly District
Club Favors Consolidation.
The regular Democratic Club of the ;
•■-'hird Assembly District held a
attended meeting last night In
California Hall on Bush street, near:
Powell. Ft was the sense of the meet
inc that it would bp for the best inter
ests of the party to affiliate with another j
club whicb has been organized in the I
same district, and though no definite ac- |
tion was taken it Is understood that con- !
solidation will be finally accomplished.
irge H. Cabanlss, president of the!
Tp"j'i'.iH Club, was introduced as the first i
speaker ol the evening by Chairman P.
11. McCarthy. Mr. Cabanlss urged con- \
BOlidation. where there are one or more j
Democratic clubs in a district, as the i
only means of bringing about reforms in j
municipal government, and his remarks
were received with great applause.
Resolutions favoring the candidacy of
James I>. I'heian for the mayoralty at the
next election were Introduced by Hull Mc-
Claughry and adopted without' a dissent
ing voice.
J. \V. Sh.'inahan. secretary of the club
addressed the meeting on the subject of
public utilities, such as water and light
Which he ur^ed should he under the ab
solute control of the municipal govern
ment.
J. J. Pagin and Oscar Putnam also
mado brief speeches, in which they made
a strong plea for organization.
HIT WITH A CRIB BOARD.
Ex-Justice of the Peace Carroll As-
sainted During a Game of
Euchre.
John A. Carroll, attorney and ex-Jus
tire of the Peacp, appeared in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday with a big lump
over his left eye. He told the Judge that !
he had been viciously assaulted the pre- I
vious r.iKht. and ho waninl h warrant fur
the arrest of his assailant on the charge
of batt. ry.
In answer to the Judge he said: "It
was this way. I was playing euchre in
Elmer's saloon, on Sacramento ,-i:i,i Jones
streets, last night. There were four of
us and one of my opponents was Edwin'
Fitzsimnicns. a gardener. My partner
passed and Fitzsimmons ordered him to !
turn the truiviu card down and he would |
H-.j it alone. J objected and Fitzsimmons
got mad. and grabbing hold of a cribbage
board sururk me over the eye. If it had
been an inch lower I would have lost the
sight of my eye."
The Judge instructed his warrant clerk
to issue the warrant, and yesterday after
noon Fltzsinimoiis was arrested. He was
released on giving JIV> cash bail.
Ocean Water Tub Baths
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
Mrs. Fitzgerald's Will Invalid.
A jury In Judge Coffey's court has de
cided that Mrs. Julia Fltagerald was In
sane when she made a will leaving a Ufo
interest in property, valued at $12,000, to
her daughter. Decedent a estati will now
1..- distributed among her heirs. During
the trial It developed that Mrs. Fitzgerald
was in the habit >jf Laking somi forty
odd drink? a day just prior to her death,
and this, taken together with the fan
that she signed her will on her deathbed,
convinced the jury that the will should
be set aside.
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co., G3O Jonce; teL Sutter 441.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1599.
Oa/uLgtLt in a,n Eleotrioeil Storm.
The schooner W. S. Phelps, laden with gunpowder, dynamite and other explosives, was caught in three
thunder and lightning storms during the voyage from San Francisco to Champerico. While the lightning was
playing about the masts and rigging the officers and crew were in momentary anticipation of being blown to
atoms.
HAIR RAISING
EXPERIENCE OF
THE W. S. PHELPS
Lightning and Cargo
of Dynamite.
The crew of the schooner W. S. Phelps
had an experience that they never want
to duplicate during the voyage from San
Francisco to ''hamperico. The tight little
vessel went down in twenty-nine days,
a run that has not been equaled in years.
but that fact brings no consolation to
the sailors, and every time they think of
that voyage their hearts come up in their
mouths and their hair stands on end.
The W. S. Phelps was loaded with gun
powder, dynamite and other explosives.
During that run of twenty-nine days
three storms, accompanied by thunder
and lightning, were encountered; hut
while the wind watt fair the schooner
could never run away from the light
ning. It would burn on the, mastheads
like an electric li^ht and made a must
artistic display on the running rigging.
For a few moments v would be as light
as day and the next it would be as dark
as Erebus. Seas were constantly break
ing aboard and it was blowing a gale,
but the crew paid no attention to those
minor details. AVhat they watched with
breathless interest was the lightning and
each thunder dap was hailed with a sigh
of relief that the danger was temporarily
passed.
On an ordinary occasion Captain Nick
erson of the Fhelp.s would have t nought
nothing of the thunder and lightning
storms, but the accompanying cargo of
dynamite under his feet while the pyro
technic display was going on will make
him remember that Voyage as long as he
lives.
Thomas Gorman and Jerry Connor met
with a peculiar and painful accident on
the transport Sheridan yesterday. Both
are employes of the Fulton Iron Works
and were engaged on the repairs being
made on the transport's boilers. While
they were at work a man named Thomas
Murrey passed over the grating in the
'tween deck with a can of paraffine paint.
He stumbled and dropped the can. spilling
the contents Into the boiler room.
A considerable Quantity of the paint fell
(in Gorman, and on looking up and seeing
what had happened he got from under.
In doing so he stepped "ii a lighted candle
and that set the paint on his clothes
afire. Connor went to his assistance and
got burned in saving Gorman. Both men
were treated at the Harbor Hospital and
then Gorman was sent to St. Mary's Hos
pital, while Connor was s<>nt home. Gor
man was badly burned about the face,
head, neck and arms. <'onnor was burned
aboul the hands and wrists.
The. schooner Mary E. Foster arrived
from Honolulu yesterday. On June v Bhe
Bpoke the bark Rufus E. Wood in lati
tude 14 degrees 3S minutes north, longi
tude 137 degrees ») minutes west. The
Wood is now out ninety-Six days from
Sydney. N. S. W.. for San Francisco, and
her owners are glad to hear from her.
The transport Zealandia will probably
get away to-day with four companies of
the Twenty-fourth Infantry and ISO re
cruits. The Conemaugh, which returned
from Manila last Tuesday, is to go back
with some of the horses of the Fourth
Cavalry.
William Turman, a carpenter, died in
the Harbor Hospital yesterday morning.
He was employed on Goat Island and had
a series of epileptic fits. He was hurried
to the city on the tug Vigilant, but died
soon after being admitted to tht hospital.
His widow lives in Salinas.
Souvenir Mailing Cards, showing views
around the city, 25c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publlnher. E. H. Mitchell,
225 Post street. San Francisco. •
TRIAL OF O. M. WELBURN.
Government Closed Its Case Yester
day and the Defense Will
Be Taken Up.
The Government closed its rase in the
Welburn trial yesterday and the case for
the defense will be opened by Attorneys
McNab and Gould at 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
W. H. Dillard. the colored clerk, was
on the stand yesterday and admitted that
he signed Welpurn's mime to reports, etc..
by order of Air. Welburn. He said that
he had also signed the name of E. C.
Akins to checks on Welburn's order. He
knew that he was doing wrong at the
time, but he wanted to hold his position,
and he could do that only by obeying the
orders of his superior.
W. L. Zoller, formerly a. clerk under
Welburn, testified that his salary was at
the rate of $YX.*) per year. The vouchers
were made for larger amounts. He could
not tell what those amounts were, be
cause he hypothecated his salary every
nv'tith. George E. Dabovich gave similar
testimony as to his salary.
A misapprehension exists as to the tes
timony or Agent Thomas on Tuesday with
reference to his breaking open a desk in
\V. Iburn'B office. It was not Welburn's
desk. l>u! Louoe'S, and the letters "that
would not bear the light of day" were
Loupe's, not Welburn's, as stated.
New Dodge of Coolie Brokers.
The Secretary of the Treasury has ad
vised Collectors of the Port that Mexican
functionaries are uot authorized to issue
section 6 certificates to Chinese leaving
Mexico for the United States; that such
certificates are not to be recognized and
the holders of such are not entitled to
land. The decision was called forth bj
the efforts of Chinese brokers to land a
squad of Chinese laborers at Eagle Pass,
Tex., on the Mexican border.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
vi without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
MRS. STERETT
RECOVERS HER
LOST JEWELRY
Mysteriously Stolen
From Her Home.
The jewelry and silverware, valued at
, about $2000, which were supposed to have
been stolen from the residence of Mrs.
Emma Sterett, who figured as one of the |
! claimants to the estate of Gustav Wal
j ter, deceased, have been recovered by
j Detective Harper. They were traced to a
pawnshop at lOVz Stockton street, where
I they had been sold for about one-fifth their !
value. The supposed burglary occurred j
in August. WS. Mrs. Sterett had been |
visiting a friend, and on her return she
was amazed to find that her jewelry and
silverware had been taken during her ah- :
j sence. She at once notified the police, and i
Detective Harper was detailed to find the |
stolen property. After a short Investiga- !
tion he became convinced that the house
j had not been entered but that the jewelry
! and silverware had been taken by one of
the family.
By close inquiry the detective soon
I learned that the property had been
! pawned to Aaron and Leo Heringhi. who \
i then conducted a loan office at lo^ Stock- ■
i ton street. Harper told them that the j
jewelry was the property of Mrs. Sterett,
and warned them not to dispose of it \
until he had an opportunity to see her. j
A few days later Mrs. Sterett -visited the
i pawnshop and after identifying her jew- !
airy promised to return and redeem it.
On May 2 last Leo Heringhi, who has
since purchased his brother's Interest in
the pawnshop, sent Mrs. Sterett a writ- i
ten notice. Informing her that unless she \
redeemed the property, it would be sold
:at public auction. Not hearing from her i
| and concluding that she did not want
the jewelry, he sold it on May 17 at a
general sale of unredeemed pledges.
| On learning that her property had been
' disposed of Mrs. Sterett became indig- '
| nant. and at once hunted up Detective
; Harper, to whom she told the story of I
how the pawnbroker had sold her jew- i
elry. Harper lost no time in visiting
Heringhi' 8 place of business and pro- ;
ceeded to call him to account. Heringhi
explained that the articles had been in
pawn since the commission of the al
leged burglary, and that as no attempt
i had been made to redeem them he was '
i justified under the law in selling them to i
, the highest bidder. He readily gave the
j names of the persons who had bought the i
i stuff and, with the exception of a dia- '
i mono collar button the detective has
recovered all the stolen property. The
collar button was purchased by a man j
i named Livingston, who has promised to !
i turn it over to the police to-day.
Yesterday Mrs. Sterett visited lh'?|
I pawnshop and anxiously inquired about i
the diamond coilar button, which she
prizes very highly. She threatens
unless the article is promptly returned to
commence suit against the pawnbroker
for its recovery.
Heringhi. when seen last night, said j
that his brother had taken the jewelry in i
j pawn. He did not know that it was stolen I
i property, as he was given to understand
I by the person who "soaked" it that it
I belonged to a friend who was In need. I
\ He declared that after learning thnt the j
j jewelry was the property of Mrs. Sterett
j he communicated with her. advising her
! to redeem it or suffer having it sold at I
i public auction. Ap she ignored the notice
ho sold the stuff alrn.fr with a number of
other articles at auction.
Clearance sale of accordions at Mau
vnis'. 769 Market street. Fine $5 ones
sold for $2 50. *
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted a,<
follows: Catherine T. Craig from Edward
Joseph Craig on the ground of failure to
provide; Angela Sfcrzina from Agostino
Sforzina on the ground of desertion, and
Qirel B. Miller from Frank A. Miller on
the ground of desertion. Judge Dainjcer
field denied the application of Martha E.
Lampe for a divorce from W. A. Lairij'e
Mary B. Walzen has sued Otto F. Wal
zen for a divorce, alleging cruelty. Suits
for divorce have also been filed by Eliza
beth Johnson against William Johnson for
desertion and Esther Waraercrook against
Jacob Wassercrook for cruelty.-
v\)///^\»//^ A Lame Back
dsmfflZQsyS ihissM**' S f r^^^S. With paln ln the region
WtfUtlZl^' {\ X V /f / \V'^^|iji ! . cured with a Belt like the
$nW>* ning." With a good Belt
S/*'^£- you wlll have no use for
■**U~ TiY*~ * drugs or quack doctors.
ffjZ?' Call, or send 2c In stamps
'*^*^w^^^'> ) j% for ■ "Booklet No. 2." ■•; Ad-
•^AV dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
6^o Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
HEALTH BOARD
SLATE STILL
IS UNBROKEN
Machete Falls With
Monotony.
The burden of this world's woes still
rests upon the hacks of Secretary Dunne
of the Board of Health and his follow
ers, who are seeking to enjoin their dis
missal. From last night's meeting of the
hoard, however, it Is manifest that they
have grave cause for worry and awn it
with anxiety the decision of Judge Hunt
upon their action against the board, for
never was a slate greased more smoothly
than the one on which the favored clan
is now riding Into office. Lasi night the
machete fell With wearying; rhythm, and
when it ceased the. police hospitals were
naked of familiar faces. Other offices
were declared vacant and the vacant
places were tilled with a speed th;iL
proves prearrangement, notwithstanding
the statement of Dr. Coffey and his as
sociates that the Influences which placed
them in power demand no consideration
and are receiving none. If such is the
case, it remains to be seen just where
Dennery lands, If he lands.
-Members of the board were in their
places shortly alter g o'clock, and after a
small amount of routine business was dis
posed of the machete was drawn from its
sheath and began to cleave. The rirst
name to be called up w.ts that of Dr. Wil
liam S. Hereford, City Physician, and,
without s formal address. Dr. Keeney,
who seems to be the leader of the solid
majority of the board, cheerfully second
ed a motion u> declare the office occupied
by Dr. Hereford vacant on the 30th inst.
The resolution was seconded, anil Dr.
Hereford went out. Dr. J. O'Connor was
promptly placed in nomination, and with
out a dissenting voic< was appointed to
rill the vacancy. The matter of vacating
offices and immediately tilling them was
now under way, and with a merry-go
round regularity the members of the
board rose on,, after the other, offered a
resolution declaring an office vacant on
the 30th inst., nominated their men and
gently smiled as he was elected per pro
gramme.
Dr. Conrad Wlel, Police Surgeon, was
removed, and Dr. I". J. Heintz appoint-id
to till the vacancy; Dr. McMurray, Assist
air. City Physician, was removed, and Dr.
William M. Btrry appointed as his suc
cessor, and then in the following order
they went out and came In: Dr. Fitz^ib
b< i.s. Assistant Police Surgeon, removed,
Dr. George 11. Thompson appointed to the
vacancy; Dr. F. Bonnell. Assistant Po
lice Surgeon, removed. Dr. H. E. Mor
rison appointed to the vacancy; Dr.
George H. Thompson, Assistant Police
Surgeon, removed. Dr. Charles McGetti^in
appointed to the vacancy: Dr. \V. Way
more, Assistant Police Surgeon, removed,
Dr. W. H. Dore appointed to the va
cancy; Frank J. Stanton, Clerk of Vital
Statistics, removed, F. E. Beckman ap
pointed to the vacancy; Dr. J. P. Tormey,
Assistant Police Surgeon, dismissed. Dr.
F. Dtfay appointed to the vacancy; Dr.
Hartley, Assistant Police Surgeon, re
moved. Dr. J. J. Stephens appointed to
the vacancy: Dr. Dies. Assistant Polica
Surgeon, removed. Dr. Cluness appointed
to the vacancy: Dr. Stanton, Assistant
Police Surgeon, removed. Dr. G. H. Holms
appointed to the vacancy; Dr. Van der
Leith, Assistant Police Surgeon, removed.
Dr. W. •'. Hopper appointed to Mil the
vacancy; Dr. J. C. Spencer, bacteriologist,
removed. Dr. W. F. Barbat appointed Ll >
the vacancy; Frank T. Green, chemi-u, re
moved, A. C. Bothem appointed to th« va
cancy; Dr. W. P. Chalmers, quarantine
physician, removed, Dr. J. K. Conn ap
pointed to the vacancy; Dr. E. 1.,. p.irra
mcre, vaccinator. removed. Dr. George E.
McPherson appointed to the vacancy: Dr.
T. B. Roche, temporary resideni physician
of the City and County Hospital, removed,
Dr. T. Maher appointed to the vacancy;
Will D. Griffin, statistician, removed, Ed
ward Carroll appointed to the vacancy:
W. M. Hickmann. druggist of the City and
County Hospital, removed, James Galwey
appointed to the vacancy.
This ended the removals, but other ap
pointments to vacancies were mad.'.
Thomas Brophy was appointed messenger
of the board. J. R. Quinn porter of the
City and County Hospital and Frank Ce
celio outside watchman at the Almshouse.
The work of vacating and appointin??
done, the board appeared pleased, as
doubtless It was.
Prior to drawing the beheading instru
ment the resignation of J. W. Dwyer. an
under official, was accepted and a batch
of applications for positions placed on
file, as were a large number of instru
ments indorsing James P. Dockery. chief
I food inspector, the indorsements coming
from the most important business organi
zations, firms and corporations and many
prominent business men of the city, and a
petition asking that Miss Mary Patton be
retained in h*-r position as superintendent
of nurses. The matter of refusing to use
the Maclean hospital further as a pest
house also came up. and an order tr that
effect was made, and the application of a
nurse to be allowed to leave the institu
tion was also favorably acted imon. pro
viding that he will agree fo shave his
head and face alike and stand the fumi
gating process used to disinfect and kill
the germs of smallpox.
An application to allow the College of
Physicians and Surgeons the same num
ber of wards and beds and the same rep
resentation in the ranks of visiting physi
cians at the City and County Hospital
was also taken up and passed by the
hoard. Dr. Barhat being the only member
to vote against the application.
When the time for adjournment came it
was suggested that the board again meet
on Monday, but Dr. Kemey suggested
that an adjournment be taken to the call
lof the chair. "We want to see how good
Judge Hunt is going to be to us." said Dr.
Barbat, "before we call a meeting, and as
soon as he decides that the suit brought
by those win.) wish to retain 'heir posi
tions, notwithstanding the hoard, is with
out merit we will meet and resume our
labors." So .nded the meeting with the
slate unbroken.
TO BE THE BRIDE
OF A NAVAL MAN
Irving Scott's Daughter,
Mrs. Aiice • Brown, Be
trothed to Dr. Smith,
U. S. N.
Irving M. Bcott'g daughter, Mrs. Alice
Brown, will shortly wed Dr. Smith, a
prominent surgf-on in ihe navy. For some
time past Mrs. Brown's fripmi.-; havf open
pleasantly ilisoussinpr rumors of the np
proaoliing nuptials, which were yesi
corroborated hy t li<? intended bride's
uncle, Henry T. Scott.
Mrs. Brown was married four years ago
to James Nash Brown of the firm of
Brown & Eyre, and son of Thomas
Brown, cashier o| the Bank of California.
After on*' year of happy married life Mr.
Brown passed away.
Mrs. Brown is talented and accomplish
ed and a great favorite in select local
Circles. Since the ik-rith of Mr. Brown.
however, she has but reldom mingled In
thr- set of which she was wont to be tne
particular belle.
At present the bride to be is with her
parents visiting in :he East, where they
h;iv.- gone to att°n>i the graduation of
their son at Cornell University.
Dr. Smith Is an Eastern man and has
been ordered to report shortly at the
Brooklyn Navy-yard. No definite date for
tin.- wedding has yet been set.
Shrimp-Fishers Convicted.
The Fish Commissioners are rejoicing
over their victory in the conviction .of
four Chinese fishermen, who were charged
with violating the State fish law by hav
ing young fish, in their possession. The
Chinese were caught in San Pablo Bay
on May 26 with boats leaded with shrimps
and taken to San Pablo for trial before
Justice of the Peace Lindsay. Each of the
cases taken into the other counties result
ed in the jury failing to agree on a ver
dict. .
Exhibits at Paris.
There will be a large exhibit from this coun
try at the Paris Exposition in lyOfl. which will
prove very interesting to all who may attend,
but no more 80 than the news that the famous
American remedy. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
will positively cure dyspepsia, indigestion, con-
Btlpatttm, biliousness and' nervousness. To all
sufferers of the above complaint a trial is
recommended, with the assurance that when
honestly used a cure will be effected. It alsj
tones up the entire system.
: Keep yourselves up to j
I concert pitch by takh j J
(BEECHAM'S PILLS!
10 cents and 25 cents, at an drag stores.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been ndded.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated, '
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN. Pro rletor.
AMUSEMENTS.
MELVILLE and STETSON,
Character Vocalists nnd Dialect Impersonators.
WM. M. CRESSY and BLANCH DAYNE
In "Grasping an Opportunity."
FRANCESCA REDDING.
Assisted by
CARLTON MACT.
In "the Duchess of, Devonshire."
TACIANT'. HAXLEY AND .TAHVIS, WART-
ENBTRG BROS.. FREO NIBLO and
McAVOY AND MAY.
Reserved Peats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs. 50c.
Matinee? Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR ™
"Mr. MorrlFon has few competitors." — Ex-
aminer, June 20.
THIS THfRSDAY NIGHT,
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
The Eminent Amer.can Actor
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
In a Historical Production of
RICHELIEU !
3STEXT WEEK,
THE QREAT!"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST FOl'R NIGHTS OF
Offenbach's Merriest and Most Tuneful Opera,
The BRIGANDS
"WE ALWAYS COME WHEN •TIS TOO
LATE."
MAgNIFICENT SCENERY!
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES!
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
MONDAY, June 26, Three Nisrhts Only!
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
THURSDAY. June 29— The Society Event—
DENIS O'SULLIVAN. in the Romantic Comic
Opera, "BHAMTTS O'BRIEN."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
FREE TO SUFFERERS.
j Th 3 New Cure for Kidney, Bladder and-
Uric Acid Troubles.
Almost everybody who reads th«
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful oures made by Dr. Kilmer's
! Swamp-Root, the gTeat kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
! nineteenth century: discovered after
years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
i mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
i specialist, and is wonderfully success-
ful in promptly curing kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
| many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
; vate practice, among the helpless too
I poor to purchase relief, and has proved
i so successful in every case that a spe-
: clal arrangement has been made by
: which all readers of the San Francism
! Daily Call who have not already tried
it may have a sample bottle sent free
by mail, also a book telling more about
Swamp-Root and how to find out if you
I havp kidney or bladder trouble. When
. writing mention reading this generous
| offer in the San Francisco Daily Call
j and send your address to Dr. Kilmer &
i Co., Binghamton. N. V. The regular
I fifty cent and one dollar sizes are sold
i hy all first-class druggists.
JOE POHEIM, t^o.
Makes the Best Fitting; Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coast, and it is the only house
where you get fine clothes at moderate
prices. gjj| *
PANTS fW ■ SUITS
TO ORDER JtiL ™ ° RDER
$4.50 Mm $10.00
5.00 Mgll 3.50
600 ■ SBST 10.50
7.00 111 17.50
800 tm 20. 00
9.00 II 25.00
10.00 'SlHl 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
The firm of JOE POHEIM it (he largest on the Coa«t.
Rules for self measurement and samples of cloth tint free.
If garments are not satisfactory in every respect, money
refunded. 01 and '20:1 Montgomery St., and
1110 and 1112 Market St., S. F.
486 Fourteenth St., Oakland
143 S. Spring St., Lou Angel*
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE 522.
THIS EVENING
Planquette'B delightful opera,
THE CHINES of NORMANDY
OUR NEW PRICES!
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 35c and 500
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) Ji'io
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) 150
Gallery 100
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:13.
Best Reserved Seat in the House 250
; Family Circle (Reserved) 150
; Gallery 100
] Branch box office just inside main entrance
Emporium.
| CALIFORNIA THEATER.
PRAISED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC!
Stipe. b Scenery and C)s tames.
MR. OTTO " KAWAKAMI
AND- —
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five r.lslng; Japanese Ac-
tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel)), DOJOJI (Ihe Tem-
ple of Dojoji), KUSUNOKI (The Battle of Ml-
nato River and Kusunoki'g Farewell to His
Son). MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day
Celebration on the Pine-fringed Shores of,
Miho).
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
RESERVED SEATS— Orchestra. $1 50 and $1:
Balcony. 50c to $1; Gallery, 25c; Boxes. $10.
COLUMBIA
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR. HENRY MILLER
A SPECIAL COMPANY.
LAST 3 NIGHTS- MATINEE SATURDAY.
Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LjIJ^RS !"
Beginning NEXT MONDAY-
HENRY MILLER AND SPECIAL COMPANY.
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Tie Lamtjarflt Grand Italian Opera Company
• LAST WEEK. :
First Appearance. of SIGNOR PETROVITCH.
Dramatic Tenor. With REPETTO, BAR-
., DUCCI and FERRARI.
TONIGHT,
THE MASKED BALL.
Friday "MANON LESCAUT"
Saturday Matinee "LUCIA"
Saturday Night "GIACONDA"
Sunday "MIGNON"
Reserved Seats. 25c. 50c, 75c. $1 and $1 50.
On sale at SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S and at
the Alhambra.
, CHUTES JND ZOO
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
THE FLYING BANVARDS. STANLEY and
SCANLON and a Host of Novelties!
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR NIGHT,
CONCLUDING WITH AN
AMATEUR
MAYPOLE
DANCE!
PHONE FOR SEATS. STEINER 1551.
SATURDAY— CHILDREN'S DAY!
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
DCltllv GREAT REALISTIC
« WAR PANORAMA!
OTT - Pr °f- w - G - ROLLINS.
*-* m the eminent, orator,
mm • 1 lectures half hourly.
IYIOIIIIO Market »t., nr. Eighth.
' Admission, 50c.
Bay! Children. 25c -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M. '
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
i Bathing, Including Admission, 26c; Children, Wo.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Silver steadier.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Oats getting panicky."
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay motionless.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes st:'.'. rising.
1 inions firm.
Poultry steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about the same.
Apricots bringing tine prices.
Peaches continue firm.
Citrus Fruits quiet.
Dried Fruits dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides weak and Wool firm.
Mutton rather lower.
Other Meats unchanged.
Increased shipments of Lumber.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Experts of Lumber from this port during the
first five months of the year were 9,818,000 feet,
valued at (222,820, against 7,271,000 feet at $133,
--200 during the same time in ISSS.
THE WEATHER.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, June 21, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reportJNl from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 56 San Diego M
Fresno S<! Red Bluff 92 i
Los Angeles 7<: Independence 90
Sacramento 90 Yuma 104
San Luis Obispo.... 90,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 34; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND general
forecast:
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coast of California, and has risen over Utah
and the Rocky Mountain region. The tem
perature has remain •'. nearly stationary over
the Pacific Slope. In the great va- eya of Call
fornia conditions arc favorable for warmer
weather with brisk northerly winds. A mod
erate norther will prevail in the valleys Thurs
day afternoon.
A maximum velocity of thirty-eight miles per
hour from the southwest is reported at El
Paso.
Conditions are favorable for fog Thursday :
ninrning and night along the coast of Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 22.
Xorthern California— Fair Thursday; contin
ued hish temperatures in the interior, with
brisk northerly winds; log on the coast, with
fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Thursday; contin- ,
ued warm weather In the interior; fog on the j
coast; northwesterly winds. (
Nevada- Fair Thursday; warmer.
Utah— Fair Thursday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair: warmer Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday. i
with fog in the afternoon: fresh westerly wind;
cooler. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
»
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 21.— Transactions in stocks
were of paltry proportions, but this did not
preclude some pretty wide movements of
prices. In fact the lethargy of speculation left 1
the market vulnerable at any spot where genu
ine liquidation was thrown on it. Such liquida- .
tion was undoubtedly made on all of the
Tobacco stocks. American Tobacco suffered
most severely, the extreme decline being 8%.
Continental Tobacco dropped an extreme five
points and the preferred three. Very heavy
blocks of all three stocks running from 1000
to 500 i) shares changed hands In the course of
the decline or the hesitating rebound. The
break in these stocks was due to the rumors,
which have been persistent for several days,
of dissensions in the directory on a likelihood
of, a division of resources and possible de- |
structive competition. Coming on top of the
experience of the last few days in the steel
stocks to-day's events added largely to the
sentiment of disfavor held toward a large
number of industrial stocks. The steel stocks
themselves were pretty firm on account of the i
official assurance that the money for the pr<>- ,
ferred dividend on Federal St.- I had been Bet
aside before the declaration of the dividend
on the emmon, and also because of a preva
lent belief that Steel and Wire is soon to be
entered in the regular listed department of the i
Stock Exchange, which would necessitate a i ,
detailed statement of finances and earnings, j ,
American Smelting preferred showed a good
gain. The genera] market was semi-stagnant, '
but as a rule showed small losses.
Dealings In bonds were small, but prices j
were well held. Total sales, par value, $1,795,- [ '.
000.
United States old 4* registered declined *V> !
and the new Is and the 5s % in the bid priceT i ,
Total sales of stocks to-day amounted to |
3."4.207 shares, including: merle Steel, 32,- !
"t'jii; American Sutrar, 24.900: Anaconda, 3100; j .
Brooklyn Transit, 19,200; Burlington, 6200; Con- I '
tlnental Tobacco, 55,4'«j; do preferred, 9800; ■
Federal Steel, 13.600; Manhattan, 5900; St. Paul
63&u; Union Pacific, 42iHj; American Spirits.' ,
2400; American Tobacco, 45.600; Baltimore and I 1
Ohio, 11.000; do preferred, 5601 . New York Cen- i
tral, 4700.
CLOSING STOCKS. ,
Atchison 17 St Paul 126 1
Do prefd 54% Do prefd 172
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 St P & dm 9yiA 1
Canada Pacific V~>\? Do prefd ...17u ~ 1
Canada. Southern.. 53 So Railway ]>'.. 1
Central Pacific 50 I Do prefd .. 45%
Chea & Ohio 24% Texas & Pacific... 18U 1
Chi & Alton 150 Union Pacific 38% <
Chi B & Q 130% Do prefd 74 "
Chi & E 111 74 Nor & W prefd 67% '
D 1 prefd 122% Wabasb 7% 1
Chi (I W ii' 4 Do prefd 19% 1
Chi ln.l <* L >»% W & L E (new). *H '
l>o prefd 4l> Do 2.1 prefd 22%
Chi & N W 154 Express Companies —
Do prefd 195 Adams Ex 110
C C C & St 1 54% American Ex 132
Do prefd 96 United States 15 ;
Del & Hudson 117 Wells Fargo 125 ',
Del L & \V 168 ! Miscellaneous—
Den & Rio <: 21% A Cot Oil 35%
I '" prefd 7- . Do prefd 91% ',
Erie new) 12 'Am Spirits 8% \
Do Ist prefd 33%' Do prefd 31
Ft Wayne IS3 Am Tobacco 89%
lit Nor prefd 169% Do prefd 140 \\
Glucose 66% Cons Gas 180% :
Illinois Central — 112 Com Cable Co 116 '
Lake Erie &■ W.... 16-%. Col F & 1r0n...... 433;
Do prefd 67% Do prefd 107 ",
Lake Shore 200 Gen Electric 117 ; . '
Louis & Nash efl'J Haw Com Co 110 !
Manhattan L !i2 ; i Federal Steel 60% ;
Met st Ry 225 Do prefd S2y> '
Michigan Central. .ll3 [ntl Paper 40%
Minn & St L 57 i Do prefd 77 ;
Do 2d prefd 92 Laclede Gas 53% I '
Mo Pacific 40% Lead 28% .
Mobile & Ohio 88 I Do prefd 11l
Mo X & T 11% Brooklyn R T... 116% !
Do •■•-1 32% Nat Lin Oil 3% '.
S .i Central 116 Pacific Mail 46%
N V Central 132% People's Gas lis% .
XYC& St L 13& Pullman Pa 1.... 155 |"
Do Ist prefd 70 Silver Certificates. 604 !'<
Do Id prefd 30 Standard R & T... 7Vi \ ',
' N'nr West 19 Sugar 151% i ,
No Amer Co ... 11% Do prefd IIS I
No Pacific 46Vk T C /i- Iron 63*4
Do prefd 74% U s Leather 5% I
Ontario & W 2.".% Do prefd ... fiS%
Or i: & N prefd.... 69 U s Rubber 52
Pacific Coast 37»« Do prefd 115%
Do Ist prefd 82 Western Union '^^l-., ( '
Do 2.1 prefd C 3 Am 8 & XV 51%
Pittsburg 182 ! Do prefd 95
Reading .'.. 20% Cont Tobacco 36%,
Do In prefd 59%; Do i refd... .7... 79
R <: W 33 National S*_-el 50' i ,
Do prefd 78 Colo Bou^iern !>W \
Rock [stand 112% Do 1-Vprefd 42% : 1
ot Louis & S F.... 9% Dp M prefd 16
Do prefd 71'j -.V.iaconda 19%
Do 2d prefd.- ... &S% Hoop Steel prefd.. 76%
St Louif ft S v.... 11% Am T Smelter 85%
Do prefd 2:1%; Do prefd So
So Pacific 30%!
CLOSING BONDS.
0 S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds .... 66
Do 3s 108% N V Cent lsts 115%
Do coup 108% V .1 Cant gen ss. 121%
D s new 4s reg...121i% North Carolina 65. 127
Do coup 12i)% Do Is 104
U B old 4s reg 112>>; N P lsts. 113 :
§Do coup 113% Do .Is (17 !
U s 5s reg 1!2 : 4 Do 43 105
Do coup 112', N V C & S L 45..107 1 -;
District 3.C. r ,s 119 Nor & W Con 45.. 94'/ 2
Ala class A 110 Do gen 6s 134 '
Do M 110 Or Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 Do 4s 102T*
Do Currency — 100 <« 8 Line 6s ,332' i
Atch gen 4s 102% Do eon 5s 115%'
Do adjt 4s 53% Rending Gen 4s .. 91 "
Canada So 1 2ds ....111 R <; W lsts . 101>A
C& O 4%« 95 SL &1 M Con 55. 11 l "
Do 5s 119% g L & 9 F Gen 65.12r.U
C & v -' Con 7s 144 St P Con 170 * I
Do deb r-s 122 st 1' c & P 15t5. .12! 1
Chicago Term 45. .102% Do :- 124 :
D •■-■ it ( ; lsts ii>»' So Ry 5s Ill** I
Do is lnjij Standard R & T Cs 85
X T Va &Ga lsts. 105% renti new set 3s .. 95 I
Krir Gen 4.< 73 Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..114
Ft IV &1) C lsts. 81% Do 2ds .. . MV
Gen Elec S9 us r I* 4s 107%
1; H .v.S A Cs 113% Wabaßh l«ts 117 '
Do ids 110 Do 2.1s LOO
II * ■' Cfa 114 West Shore 4s ..11««1
Do Con Cs 109 Wls Cent lsta .... 77 !
lowa Cent lsts 113%!Va Centuries ... . M I
Iv C P & G lsts... 60 | Di deferred 8%
La new con 4s 110% Colo So 43 BS%
L & S Unl 45.. 99V. ' 1
MINING STOCKS. '
Chollar 22 Ontario ...7 75 I
Crown Point 23 Ophlr SO I
Con Cal & Va 110 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 40 Quicksilver 1 M
Gould \- Curry IS Do prefd 7 ,v.
Hale & NorcroES.. 25 Sierra Nevada 55
Homestake 60 M Standard 2 •>-,
Iron Sliver E6 Union Con 27
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 30!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 52'
Call loans 104 Union Land 7%
Time loans 3'<i4'- Westlngh El pfd. 49"
Stocks— , Mining Shares—
A T & St Pe...... 17 Atlantic SI
Do prefd UV Boston & M0nt.... 340
Amer Sugar 131 Butte & Boston... 74
Do jn*-.'d us Calumet & Hecla.Bos
Bell Tel 340 Centennial 33
Boston & Albany. 2sS Franklin 17%
Boston L i<x>i^ Humboldt 1%
Boston & Maine.. .l 32 :>i»-<*>la ?J
Chi Bur & Q 13«; Parrott 50%
FHchburg prefd . Quir.cv 150
Gen Electric 117% ?anta Fe Copper.. 11%
Fed Steel 80 Tamarack 200
Do prefd Win»na 14
Mien Tel 99 ("Wolverines 43%
Old Dominion .... 36Vs Utah Mm 40
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 21.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says:
The markets here were disturbed to-day by
flatness in Paris. They hardened finally on a
rumor that a new ministry had been formed.
Spanish fours were 60%@G1%. Tintos, 41%®43.
Consols fell to 107 11-16. closing at 107 15-16,
the lowest price this year. This is due to
dear money fears and the suspension of sink
ing fund purchases. Americans were quiet
and neglected, but New York caused a rally in
the afternoon by buying New York Central,
Northern Pacific and Union Pacific preferred.
CLOSING. ;: T;
Canadian Pacific. &M. 4 ; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 76U: Union Pacific preferred, 76: Atchi
son, 17%; Grand Trunk. 7%i Anaconda. 10%.
Bar silver, 27 13-16 d per ounce. Money, %@l
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 21.— FLOUR- Receipts,
12,655 barrels; exports, 24,44s bushels. Less ac
tive and lower to sell.
"WHEAT— Receipts! 121,000 bushels; exports,
82,000 bushels. Spot \Yi->tk: No. 2 red, S2^4c,
f. O. b. afloat; No. 2 red, So»ic, elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 82% c. f. ... b. afloat: No. i.
hard Dulutli, SfiHc. f. o. b. afloat to arrive.
Options opened weak and were under bear con
trol practically all day. Liquidation, impelled
by lower cables, bis interior receipts and re
ports of better Russian crop prospects, was the
weakening Influence. Closed about steady after I
a late rally on covering:, with prices <-..■ to lo
net lower. July, So%@Bl 7-lCc, closed Sic; Sep
tember, so 7-16@SX 7-16 c, closed S0V:; December,
■-■ m\c. closed Si".-..-
HOPS Steady
HIDES Steady.
WOOL— Steady:
METALS— The sentiment In the local metal
market was more or less mixed to-day and the
course of prices irregular. Whereas lead and
spelter developed a weaker undertone, tin
scored a silent net gain on increased demand.
News from all quarters proved of little Import
ance as an influential factor. At the clcse the
Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— entirely nominal, at
Jl3 .■'.
LAKE. COPPER— with JIS bid and
$18 to asked.
TlX— Steady, with 125 65 bid and $25 70 asked.
LEAD— Rather easier, with $; 43 bid and $4 50
asked.
SPELTER— With spot Quoted at
$6 25 nominal and futures $5 75 nominal.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 25, and for
cooper SIS 25.
COFFEE Options closed quiet, unchanged, to
5 points lower. Sales, 12,25(1 bags, including:
July, $4 65; August, $4 70: September, $4 85- Oc
tober, $4 85; November, $4 M); December, $5 30;
May, $5 50155 55.
Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; mild, quiet.
SUGAR Raw, steady. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— ,9000 packages; weak.
Western creamery, 15H@lS%c; factory, 12@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,943 packages; steady.
Western, 14Va i:» ; Southern, B@l2c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. June 21.— California dried fruit
dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, B%@7c;
prime wire tray, ! 4 gS : -c: choice, BV4<§Bslc;
fancy. 9<&9Uc.
PRUNES— 3"i(3SUc.
APRICOTS 14c: Moorpark, 14@-lSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, lO@l3c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 21.— Any hope among wheat
traders that yesterday's late steadiness was the
beginning of a reaction was dissipated before
the opening by ports of much-needed rains
in Russia, improved crop prospects in that
country and an early decline of %d In Liver
pool cables. The effect of this news on specu
lators was partly nullified at first by rain in
the Northwest, where too much moisture has
already put the wheat fields perilously near
the danger line, and after about fifteen minutes
of weakness the market developed strength on
covering by shorts. Opening sales of September
were made at 76^@76%c, compared with yes
terday's closing price of 78% c, and the liqui
dation that started at once carried the price
liown to 7- ,c. On this early break the South
west was a heavy seller, owing to the receipts
of new wheat. Covering by shorts, who saw
danger In the Northwest rains, carried tin
September price back to 76% c. but before 11
o'clock the market again developed extremo
weakness, and from that time until within a
few minutes of the close selling was persistent
and heavy. There was only a moderate cash
demand, while the seaboard reported light busi
ness with the other side, only 22 loads being
taken for export late in the day. Late in the
session, however, the depression was checked by
reports of continued heavy rains in the North
west and by some unfavorable advices from
Kansas. Late Russian advices were not so
favorable, but traders hail apparently lost their
Interest in the foreign situation and had turned
their attention to the domestic crop. Septem
ber declined to 75 1 ,i.fi 7">*se, but enough support
materialized in the last hour to cause a reac
tion to 76@76%c, where it closed.
Corn rympathized with wheat to some extent,
but the narrowness of trading prevented any
material decline. September closed a shade
lower.
Oats were dull but fairly steady. September
felt in a decree the weakness of wheat and |
closed a shade lower.
Provisions were almost at a standstill There
was a little selling; by grain people, but no
pressure from packers. At the close September
pork was unchanged, lard a shade lower and
ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. !—
July ''■ 75 73% 74%
September 76% 76T» 75% 76%
December 76% 78? 8 77 77%
Corn No. 2— ' .. ,-,-
July 34% 34% 34% 34%
September 3»% 34% 34% 34' '
December 33% 34 33% 33% •
Oats No. 2—
July 24% 24% 24% 24»i
September 21% 21', 21% 21%
May 24% 24% 24 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 825 825 8 22% 825
September 8 42% 845 8 42% 8 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 02% 5 02% SCO 5 02%,
September 5 15
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 701;,
September 4 87% 4 87% 485 4 87%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easyj No. 3 spring wheat. 71%@75c:
No. 2 red. 76% c; No. 2 corn, :;4"- -., ;:4 7 ■: Wo. 2 I
oats, 26^.fi26%c; No. 3 white. 25(!j29%c- No. 2 I
rye, 62c; No. 2 barley, 87<Jjr37%c; No. '1 flax- ;
see ti 06: prime timothy seed. $2 35@2 40; mess '
pork, per barrel. $7 6O©B 25;. lard, per 100 pounds i
$4 82%@5 02%: short rib sides, loose, $4 56©4 86;
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%'fjfl'^c; short
clear sides, boxed. $3 C6@6 10; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. |
Flour, barrels 2,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 199,000 120000
Corn, bushels 752. 356^000
Oats, bushels 341, 000 294,000
Rye. bushels 1,000
Barley, bushels C.OOO ibfiioOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13%@18c; dairies
ilO©ls%c. Chees*. firm. B@B%C. Eggs barely
Vteady; fresh, l£@l2',;c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec.
Opening oil 6 114 6 2U
Closing 5 11% '6 1% 62%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 90 20 80
Closing" 10 S4 20 95
Flour— :-•/. : -.; 9
Opening 42 75 28 45
Closing 42 75 28 45
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day at the following prices:
CHICAGO, June 21.— Tragedy Prunes, single
crates, $1 75(g'2 25, average $1 91; Burbank
Plums. $1 4.V«2 10, average $1 88; Royal Apri
cots, Jl 33W1 90, average $1 09; Abundance
Plums. $1 24: Halo's Early Peaches, boxes
79c; Alexander Peaches, 64c; six cars sold to
day -;- '. ' ■ -
BOSTON, June 21.— Tragedy Prunes, single :
crates. $1 35^2 0. average Jl 75; Royal Apri- !
cots. Mfil 75, average $140: Burbank Plums I
$1 15@2 30, average $1 48: Abundance Plums, !
II 2.'il 85, average $1 40; Hale's Early Peaches I
GOQSuc, average 79c; Clyman Plums. 6Oc{fsl 15.
average $1; Slmonl Prunes, average $1 28;
Alexander Peaches, 4&€ssc, average C4c; six !
cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, June 21.— Slmoni Prunes, single ;
crates, $I@l 65, average $1 2(5: Tragedy Prunes
:...•./<! 55. average U 22: Burbank Plums, f! 15
f(fl 60, average $1 46; Abundance Plums $1 20-
Royal Cots, ?1 Js@l 75; Alexander Peaches 70
@75c, average, 74c; ' Clyman Plums, single !
crates, :70c®$l,- average ale; thirteen cars sold :
to-day.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
, CHICAGO, June 21.— There was a good mar-
I k«?t for cattle to-day, all grades selling well i
;nt steady prices. Good to choice beeves, $5@ i
', :;. ; commoner {rrndep, $4 4nif}4 SS; bulls, cows 1
and heifers. $2Ti5 10: feeding cattle. $3 65©5 .
Western fed steers, $i 35; Texans, S4«i :
; calves, $4<&7 50. !
The market for hogs was ntrong early with i
prices 2%®6c lilgher. Loter the market" v.-.'ak
ened and the impr ovement was lost. Light
hogs, $3 7063 90; mixed lots. $3 70f;3 P2 ; 2 ; heavy
53 60013 90. Pigs. *3 70#8 «7^; culls, $1 50fi3 W.
There was a sharp demand for sheep and
lambs, and prices advanced 154j25c. Sheep sold
THE SA^s FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
at $2 50<?i3 50 for culls up to $5 23@5 40 for
choice lots; yearlings, $5 50(??6 25; Colorado
wooled lambs, $7: clipped lambs, $6@6 85, and
spring lambs, $4(Jf7 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; hogs, 34,000; sheep,
14.U00. .
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, June 21— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The
wool market is stronger and more active. The
buying is broadening and Is participated In by
manufacturers, large and small, the specula
tors, traders and exporters. Foreigners are
a -a in in the market and have looked at some
lar^e lines of wool, including territories, and
it is understood, have purchased some at this
writing and are negotiating for others. The
demand continues to be plenty for territory
wools, nearly :).4^0.0C0 pounds having changed
hands. The country markets are stilf excited
and many of the largest and best lots of wool
in the interior have been corralled. Buyers
are "lining up" In Montana and there is every
indication that there will be a lively scramble
for the good clips and that every high prices
will have to be paid. The sales for the week
in Boston amounted to 5.500,400 pounds domestic
and 1.104.000 pounds foreign, making a total
of 6,604,400 pounds, against a ti.tal of 4,974.600
pounds for the previous week and 753,600 pounds
for the corresponding week last year. Sales
since January 1. 1599, amount to 118.524,200
pounds, against 53,643,810 pounds last year at
this time.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 21.— Clearings, JISS.
--731; balances, $37,305.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 21.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 58>-i&:s9c; Valley, 6S(jt6oc; Bluestem,
61fi62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., June 21.— Wheat was less
buoyant to-day and the market sustained a de
cline of '-..c in quotations, Club falling to uSVitc;
Bluestem to 61Vjc.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 21.— Consols, 107 15-16; silver,
27 ]3-16 d; French rentes. lOlf 30c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; car
goes on passage, easier and neglected: English
country markets, partially 6d cheapen
LIVERPOOL, June 21.— Wheat, dull; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands B%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Mixed, spot, new, quiet, 4s %<\: Am
erican mixed spot, old, quiet, 3s Gd. Futures,
Bteady. July 3s 4 T sd; September, 3s STftd.
Win: AT -Spot, dull. Futures, steady. July,
5s ll%d; September, 6s l%d; December, 6s 2%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
I Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 56%
i Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables s — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%<g50
I Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— St. Louis sold freely on the Chicago
market at the opening. Receipts were too heavy
and a sen* us decline was feared. Heavy rains j
in the Northwest were reported. Toward the |
close, however, strong hands took hold of the I
market and it was the opinion that the bottom
had been touched.
The German crop was reported unchanged.
French farmers offered heavily. The damage
In Roumania was placed at 70 per cent.
The local market was weak and lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping;, $1 lO«jl 11%; milling,
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, $1 18%; 10,000, $1 is%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 IS%;
10.000, II 18%:
Regular Morning Session— December— l6,ooo
1 1 Is. $1 IS*;; 26.000, $1 18%; 18,000, $1 19.
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctla, $1 19.
BARLEY- market continues weak, with j
liberal offerings of new feed. Futures continue
to decline.
Feed, new, 90@92%c; Brewing, 95c; old Brew
! ing, $I@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — o'clock — No Bales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls.
81% c; 4000, Mc December— 2ooo, S4%c.
Regular Morning Session— 'i<9, new —
4000 ctls, 81% c; 2000, S2c. December— 2oo", -."• ,
2000. Ss%c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 6ooo ctls,
Sl%c.
OATS — market is getting panicky, and
there is a general desire among dealers to get
out from under. Offerings are larger and the
showing of samples of new crop on 'change
adds to the weakness. Sellers cheerfully make
concessions.
Fancy Feed, $14'Vfi1424 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 32'-fM 37' i; common, ?1 271..'.,] JO;
Surprise, $1 4:">'<il 47%: Gray, $1 3001 35; Milling,
$1 40<fzl 42 1 ■ per ctl; Red, $1 25@1 30; Black, %l 25
@1 30".
CORN—
Small round Yellow, {1 30®l 35; Eastern large
Yellow. $lli-'i';l 12%; White. $1 10® 1 15; mixed,
$110 per ctl; California White, $1 17%@1 22%.
RYE— 97%c*gsl per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, 13 «V§:3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J3 405.3 45 per barrel for extra.
$3 25<53 40 for bakers' and $2 20@2 50 for super
line.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in. sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye 1
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 6004 75;
Oat (Jr.. $4 75; Hominy. $3 'J.VfjS 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4tf4 2.".; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55<£6 95; in sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 rbs. .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The circular of Somera <fc Co. says of Hay:
"Although we are fairly well along into the
new season, yet matters continue very quiet,
and for some unaccountable reason the usual
June activity seems to be lacking. It is true,
however, that the Fourth of July is a turning
point with many consumers who refuse to buy
new crop hay previous to that date. Ship
ments of new hay have been quite free for sev
eral days past, and everything arriving now
seems to be in good condition. Judging from
what new hay has already arrived and from
reports received from many sections we are
convinced that the new crop is of very good
quality. Most of the new hay seems to be
quite fret from any foul matter, of just about
the right growth and of good color. These
facts alone should help establish a healthy
market here, although we can do nothing with
hay without a demand. The hay crop is a
heavy one throughout the country tributary to
San Francisco, and if our local market can
consume no more than last year we fear for
the future of the market. We learn however,
that the crops are very light down South, and
If they will hut. draw from the San Francisco
market it may help materially in establishing
fair prices later on. There Is a scarcity of
alfalfa at the present time and a fairly active
demand for same, therefore for new crop we
are able to quott; from $5 50 to $7 per ton. New
wheat hay, choice qualtiy, will bring about $10,
while the various good qualities of both wheat
and wheat and oat bring from $N to f.9. New
oat hay and certain qualities of wheat and
oat, more particularly the fine, short wire
bound goods, bring from $7 to $S. The prefer
ence is still given for old crop, although in
about two weeks' time we will see b<t little
discrimination. We are incline to believe, that
by that time consumers will b.> prepared to buy
largely of the new hay, which will enable the
market to run on a fairly steady basla."
BRAN tl6 ".''</ 17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS 118619 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley, $21W21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27fi2S: Jobbing,
128 50059; Cocoanut Cake, ?2(>fr2l : Cornmeal,
f23 50@24 50; I 'rarked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed,
Ji: .It;; Cottonseed Meal. $21'n2fi per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, $10ff?ll for good to choice
and OS'S') for lower grades; Wheat, and Oat,
$8'iilO; Oat, WSS; Barley, $fi@B; Alfalfa, nomi
nal.
NEW MAY— Wheat. $S«10; Wheat and Oat,
fg ...■■..; Wild Oat, J7(S,B; Alfalfa. $6@7 50 per
ton.
STRAW- SSQGOC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is no further change In Beans.
BEANS— $1 50@l 60; Small White, $2®
2 05; Large White, }l 50@l 65; Pinks, $1 65£
I SB; Reds. $3 40; Blackeye, *4«?4 10; Butters,
nominal: Llmas, $4; Pea, $2 25<§2 35; Red Kid
neys, $2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2^«(gJc: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2\c per TV, Alfalfa. 94?9V4c: Rape. 3@3Hc;
Hemp. 4V««4Uc: Timothy, 4?4«is^c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue to advance and are very
Ftiff. as the Government Is taking a good
many. They are bringing fine. prices this year.
Onions are also firm.
There is no particular • change in Vegetables.
Supplies are ample for the demand, 90 prices
keep about the same.
POTATOES — New Peerless, $1 90<a2 25; new
Early Rose, $1 75<jj2; Burbanks, $1 90£2 25 per
ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 45ij?35c per sack for red and
SOr-fttl per ctl for Silverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c@$l 2." per box
for No. 2. *1 sC@l 75 for No. 1 and $2 for
fancy; Rhubarb. XO7SC per box: Green Peas,
I I »2'iC per lb; String Beans, I%®'3c for Green,
3iir>c for Refugee and 2® 3c for Golden Wax-
Horse Beans, (0060 c per sack; Cabbage, fioc;
Tomatoes, $I@l 50 per box; Egg Plant, S@loc
per lb; Garlic. 2@ 3c for new; Dried Okra, 15
per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 8@
15c; Carrots, 30(g40c per sack; Sacramento and
Marysville Cucumbers, 60c@$l per box; Bay
Cucumbers, $2; Summer Squash, 35'S'40c per box |
for Vacaville and 75@'S6c for Bay; Green Corn,
luigloc per dozen and 7T'C(gsl 50 per sack for
Vacaville and 20©25 c per dozen for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Jhe market stands about the same, being
quiet and featureless. The demand and supply
about balance.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l3c for Gob
blers and 11513 c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$I@l 25; Goslings, Jl@l 25; Ducks, $4@5 for old
and $4 50® G for young; Hens, $5@6; young
Roosters, $7@S; old Roosters, $5 50@6; Fryers,
$4 50&5; Broilers, $3 60@4 for large, $Z@3 for
1 small ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The depression In Butter is mainly confined
to the middle and lower grades, as strictly fine
creamery brings the top quotation. Cheese
rules weak. Eggs are dull at the decline al
ready noted.
BUTTER—
I Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 18@19c; sec
j onds. 17@17^c. . ■'?.
Dairy— Fancy, 17c; good to choice, 16@16%c;
store, 14© 15c per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c; old, 7V4c;
Young: America, 9@loc; Eastern* 13@15e.
EGGS— at 15W16C for s*ore and 18<Jfl9c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16til6M:C for No.
1 and 14@15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $20 for frees and $30 for clings; Apri
cots, $35@50 per ton, according to size, quality
and district; Bartlett Pears, $40*7 45 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums, $15 per ton.
Cantaloupes from Winters are bringing $1 50
per box.
Peaches continue firm, with decreased re
ceipts. They seem to be running small in size
this year. WindfalL Bartlett Pears are selling
at the quotations below. Apricots rule firm*, j
and several sales at $50 per ton to canners were 1
made yesterday. Apples and small Pears are
slow.
The Berry market is sufficiently supplied and
steady.
There is no further change in Citrus Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Apples, 25ffi35c per small and 50@90c per large
j box and 25c per basket; Crabapples, 50c per
box. "■■'•■ -; -"'■■'
BERRIES — Blackberries, $4@5 per chest;
Strawberries. $S@lo per chest for small and $3
<g3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $4@7 per
chest; Logan Berries, $7 per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $1 25@1 50 per
crate.
Currants— s4 50«a6 per chest.
Cherries. 40c® $1 per box for black; Royal
Anne, B0@30c; black. In bulk, 7@9c per lb;
Royal Anne. 7®9c; cracked Cherries, 4(rf6e.
Green Pears, 25c@$l per box. according to
size, and per basket; Burtletts, $1 25@1 50
per box.
Figs, 26®66c per drawer and 75c@$l per box
for black and ■ for white.
Apricots, 40$ per box and 35@60c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, 35@75c per box and 25@50c per bas
ket.
Plums, 30® 60c per box; Prunes, 85c@$l per
crate; Japanese Plums, — - per crate.
Cherry Plums. 256 30 c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orange, $1 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings." $161 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 26@1 75; Lemons. $I@2 for common
and $2 s(Vjr3 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4iiJsO; California Limes, 25(jj50c per
small box; Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $I<§2 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
With the exception of the quotation for Apri
cots below there are no prices for new fruit
thus far. The first car of Apricots of the sea
son went East from Vlsalia on Monday. «,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6&c for 40-50's, 5c
for 50-60' s, 4c for 60-70's. SMrigS^c for 70-80's.
2*i@3VAc for SO-90's, 2^fp2\c for 90-100's and
2Sf2>ic for 100-110' s; Peaches. BVtf94c for good |
to choice, 10£il0%c for fancy and 14<S15c for I
peeled; Apricots, new crop. 9c. July delivery; ,
Evaporated Apples, nominal; Plums, nominal. ,
!',_..■ for unpitted and 4^@6c for pitted; Pears.
1 according to color,- etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4?ic for three
' crown, S&c for four-crown, 4HOBc for Seedless |
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes. 2 a 3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, 8@
9c for hardshell, 12'ul.V Tor Boftahell, 14?f16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6<ji7c for Eastern and 4fe@
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for bright and Si@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6VsW
7c: light amber extracted, 6V*@6%c; dark, 5©
5' 2 c per lb.
BEESWAX— 23@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. So per lb for heavy,
B4@9c lor light medium, 10V&@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12H<r?13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 12{J12»4c; Cali
fornia Hams. 11Hi&'I2c; Mess Beef, $13 per M.I;
extra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@1S 50;
extra prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50;
mess. $16015 50; Smoked ISeer, 12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at sVi<gsHc per ib for
compound and 64®7c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 7V. 10-lb tins, ~%<q,sc; 5-lh tins, S?i'BV»c
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 94c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case. B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case. SVic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, Ba,c;8 a ,c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7 gc; wooden buckets, 20
lb? net, SV>c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 7*4 c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue easy at the prices. 'Wool sells
off briskly at firm quotations. .
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 104 c; medium, 9V&i??10c: light, 9c; Cow
hides. 9@94c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 164 c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 150164 c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20Ji35c each; short
Wool, 35<ir50c each; medium, 60®75c; long Wool
90e(n$l 25 each;" Horse Hides, salt, $2©2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4*g44c per lb; No.
2, 2034 c; refined, ; grease, sc.
WOOL — Spring Clips,— San Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months, 74?i94c; Foothill and
Northern free. ll®13c; Foothill and Northern
defective. lie; Nevada. 10(ffl3c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. 10rdl2c; do defective, S@9c; Hum
lioldt and Mendocino, 15@17c; Eastern Oregon,
12(&14c for choice and 9«iU4c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, s'i@s%c; Wool
Bags. 26<§28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Cons Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 4 c; Confectioners' A. 5V4c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4"dc: Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more: half-barrels,
%C more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers report a weaker feeling In Mutton,
but otherwise there is no change. :■;•/.,.-•
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 744f84c per lb for Steers and 64@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6'4(S7c; Eves, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7V a (gSc: per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, :>'/j«?s%c for small, s^c
for medium and s<jjT>4c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7@S4c.
j RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, June 21.
Flour, qr sks 8,162 Middlings, sks .. 100
Wheat, ctls 145 Shorts, sks ...... 265
Barley, ctls 5.357 Wool, bags 35S
Oats, Or., ctls.. i,li<B Hops, bales 2
Corn, East, ctls. 1,200 Hay. tons ISO
Corn, ctls 90 Eggs, doz 18,060
Butter, ctls 277 Pelts, bdls 131
Cheese, ctls 2fi2 Hiden. No 937
Tallow, ctls 212 Quicksilver, flks. 95
B.»nns, sks 469 Leather, rolls ... 76
Potatoes, sks ... 1.840 Wine, gals 41, 050
Onions, sks 1,537 Sugar, bbls".. 1,200
Bran, sks 1.470
y_ WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks — 6.0281 Wool, bales ; 551
Oats, ctl3 . 450 Bran, sks 360
. ♦ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anton Stephani to George O. Ormsby. lot on
SE line of Gherubusco street, 450 SW of Coso
SW 25 by SE 110, lots 468 and 469, Gift Man
3; $50. ■
Mary A. Behan to Luigi Boitano, lot on SW
corner of Silver avenue and Goettingen street,
S :.6:6. W 120, N 50:9. E 121, lot 1, block 26.
University Mound; $10.
Mark Sheldon to Joseph A. Sheldon, lot on
SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and Laguna
street, W 34 by S 120; $10. t .
Joseph A. Sheldon to Mark and Agnes M.
Sheldon, same; $10.
L. G. Flanagan (Insolvent, by William Jones,
assignee) to R. T. Browne, undivided half of
lot on E Hne of Alabama street. 104 N of
Twenty-fourth, N 52 by E 100; $200.
Albert and Augusta Vendt and M. Werthei
mer (by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to Mer
chants' Loan Association (a corporation), lot
on N line of Twenty-sixth street, 200 W of
Sanchez, W 20 by N 114; $2011.
Daniel Buckley to same, same, quitclaim
deed; *5. . : : , ■
Merchants' T,nan Association (a corporation}
to Felix Laurieello, same; $1500.
Jacob Classman to Letitia R. Glaseman. lot
on E line of Jones street, 117:6 S of Ellis,
S 20 by E 82:6; Rift.
Gerson Michael to Herman Bloom, lot on S
line of Union street, 115 W of Jones, W 22:6 by
S 120: .'2200. -
American Surety Company of : New York to
John T. and Mary A. McCormlck, lot on SE
corner of Hyde and Vallejo streets, E 76:9 by S
4S: $10.
Mark Sheldon to Mark Sheldon Company (a
corporation), lot on E corner of First and Mar- |
ket streets, XE 91:8 by SE 137:6: also lot on
S line of Washington street, ISO E of Mont
gomery, E 25 by S 65; also lot on X line of
Merchant street, 1M) E of Montgomery, E 25 by
X 57; also lot on S line of Washington street,
155 E of Montgomery, E 25 by S 122; also lot
on SE corner of Commercial and Kearny
streets, S 47 by E 50; also lot on X line of
Sutter street, 137:6 E of Stockton, E 30 by N
66; also lot on W line of Carrie street. 100
X of Wilder, X 50 by W 100. lots 13 and 14,
block 2, Fairmount Extension Homestead; also
property outside of county: $10.
Philip and Rose Cosgrove to James and
Matilda Feltelberg, lot on XE line of Eighth
street, 137:6 SE of Howard, SE 27:6 by XE
137:6; $10.
George B. Kerlin to Mary H. Miller, lot on N
line of Farallones street. 390 E of Orizaba,
E 200 by X 125, lot 8, block L, Railroad Home
stead; gift.
James and Matilda Feitelberg to Philip and
Rose Cosgrove, lot on E line of Stanyan street.
50 X of Eighteenth. X 25, E 140:9. S 40 degrees
60 minutes, E S5:0& W 139:2, lot 20, block 4,
Clarendon Heights; $10.
John H. and Lizzie_L. Heath to Sarah J.
Burnham (wife of James W.), lot on XW cor
ner Stanley and Head streets., W 50 by N 100,
lots 1 and 2, block 41, City Land Association;
$10.
Argonaut Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Alexander C. and Ida M. Clark, lot
on SE corner of Vulcan and Juno streets. S
Zl by E 100, lot 12, bldck U, Park Lane Tract
Xo. 5; $950.
Alameda County.
Union Savlnjrs Bank to Esther B. Folte, lot
15, block D, lands Oakland View Homestead
Association, bSlng portion Walsworth 100-Acre
Tract. Oakland; $So<i.
Lincoln E. and Elizabeth M. Boardman to
Frank T. Hall, lot on NB line of East Four
teenth street, SO Xff of Twelfth avenue, NW
25 by XE 140, being lot 9,* block 62. Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
Curry and Elvira F. Dickerson to John A.
Spencer, lots 22 to 26 on map of resubdivided
lots 1 to 11 of Baker's subdivision of lot 1. Yoa
kum Tract, subject to a mortgage for $3000,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles N. Clark to John A. Sullivan, undi
vided half interest in lot on E line of Walnut
street, 120 S of Clinton avenue, S 80 by E 125,
being lots 8 and 10, block C, Bellevue Tract.
Akuneda. quitclaim deed; $1000.
Trustees of Pacific Theological Seminary to
J. Benton, lot S6. Pacific Theological Seminary
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Fanny and Louis J. Lyons to Amelia Levy,
lot .on W line of Ohio street. 62:5 S of Prince,
S 100 by W 100, being lots 85 and 86, block 4,
Oakland Point Homestead Association. Oak
land; $150.
W. I. Bailey to Mary I. Jameson, lot on S
line of Fifth street, 46 from comer of Castro
street, E 54, S 100. W 54. N 100 to beginning,
being portion of lots 5 to S and all of lot 9,
block 47, Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Phillips to Walter M. Heywood, lot
77 in plat 36. Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land, warranty deed; $1.
Mary 8> Smith to Charles L. Smith, lot on
BE corner of Third and Franklin streets, E 75
b-- S 50, lots 7 and 8, block 17. Oakland; gift.
Same to J. F. Smith, lot on N line of Hobart
or Twenty-first street, 220 W of Telegraph ave
nue, W «0 by N 100, Oakland; gift.
Ida Marcus to Llllle Marcus, lot on X line of
Charter avenue or Twenty-second street, 563:1
E Of San Pablo avenue, E 25 by N 129:42, be
ing the E V 2 of lot 42, Tuttle Homestead Tract,
Oakland; gift.
Adolphe Juillerat to Minnie Juillerat. lot 5,
block I. amended map J. W. Crawford Tract,
Oakland; gift.
J. F. Towle and M. L. Broadwell to M. W.
and Jessie D. Connor, lot 4 and SE 45 feet of
lot 3, block 2. revised mat) of Eden Park,
Brooklyn Township; $1096.
«'h;irles K. Root to Margaret Bassett, lot on
E line of Brandon street, 100 N of Lloyd ave
nue. X 37:6 by E 100. being lot 9 and S half of
lot 10. block C, Fruitvale Station Tract. Brook
lyn Township, quitclaim deed: $5.
Mary S. Smith to Charles L. Smith, lot on
N line of Berkeley Way, 44.65 W of Louisa
street, W :•>) by X 124, lots 14 and 15, Twitchell
Tract. Berkeley; gift.
James D. and Misoella B. Graham to Alice
Graham. lot 4. block 14, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Alice Graham to Evelyn H. Shippee, lot on
E line of Euclid avenue. 50 S of Hilgard ave
nue, S 10 by E 125, being the X 10 feet of lot
4, block 14, same. Berkeley; $10.
Same to E. X. Prouty, lot on E line of
Euclid avenue. 60 S of Hilgard avenue. S 40 by
E 125, b.-inK tlu- S 40 feet of lot 4, block 14,
same. Berkeley; $l<\
Joseph A. Leonard Company (a corporation)
to California Furniture Manufacturing Com
pany (a corporation), lot on SE corner of
Tni.in street and Clinton avenue. S 50 by E 148,
Alameda: also loi on S lino "f Clinton avenue,
197 E of T'nlon street, E 49 by S 140, Alameda:
also l"t on S line of Clinton avenue, IS3 W of
Vnion street, W 3."> by S 130, Alameda; $10.
Joseph A. and Annie E. Lennard to same,
lot on SW corner of Clinton avenue and Union
street. S 65 by W 14s, being lot 1, block 16,
Bartlt'tl Fifty-acre Tract, Alameda; $10.
Henry Pelroe to William P. Johnson, the N"W
portion survey 60, otherwise lot 70, lying in sec
tions 15, 16, 21 and 22 on official connected plat
ex-Mission San Jnye, being in township 4 south,
range 1 west, except that portion which lies
S of county road Xlles to Sunol, Washington
Township; $1.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Beyond a decline In Hawaiian Commercial
to $103 50 on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange there was nothing new. Market
Street Railway was weak at S^'afil 50.
The afternoon call was quiet at about the
same quotations.
The Alta assessment falls delinquent in board
I to-. lay.
Mining stocks were not materially changed.
Th'- telegram from the pump paid : "The sec
ond elevator i? running steadily and is holding
the water down on one-third time. The parts
to finish the first elevator will arrive to-day."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 21—2 p. m.
Brd.Ask. Btd.Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 1414 154
(s quar c0up. .114 — Oakland Gas.. 46 47
«s quar reg... — — Pac Gaj> Imp.. 7U —
Is quar new.. 1294130 Pac LCo — 444 '
Is quar coup.. — — SFG&E 70 70S
Miscellaneous — San Kran 3V> 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — Stockton Gas. Vi " —
C C Wat 5s 11141124 Insurance—
E I. & P 65.. 1304 — Firem's Fund. 22o —
F & CI Ry 6s. — 118 Bank Stocks—
Beary-st R ss. 90 99 Anglo-Cal — 654
HC & S 54a.. 1074 — Hank of Cat.. 275 —
L A Ry 55....106\1074 Cal S D & T. 97% 99
L A L Co 65.101 V. — First Nationl.22U —
Do gntd 65. 101 4 — Lon P& A — 131
L A L Co os. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Maiket-st 65.. 129 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
l>o Ist M ss. — 117 Savings Banks—
N* CN' G R 75. 108 — Ger S & L..1500 1850
N' Ry Cal 65.. - 117 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 55. 1134114 Mutual Saw 35 —
N PCII X 6b. — — B F Say U.. 500 —
NPC It R ss. — — 6 & L So.. — 864
N* Cal It R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — Union T Co. — 146 a
n m C Ry 65. 127 130 Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 - California ....116 —
I' & O 6s 117 — Scary SO —
Powell-st 65... 118 122% Market-st .... 61»,i 614
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak S L & H — —
S F& N P ss. — 116U Presidio — 16
8 F & S JV55.1144115 Powder—
Sierraß Cal 65. 1084 — California ....153 170
S P of A 6a... 1134114 E Dynamite... 90 —
S P C 6s (I905)110^411S4 Giant Con Co. 724 73
3PC 6s (1905) — — Vlgorlt 34 34
3PC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
Sl'Cls eg ss. — 107 Hana P C 0.... 17% 1734
S P Br 6s 124 1244 Haw C & S C.103 1034
S V Wat 6s. ..116 — Hutch S P Co. 32% 33
S V Wat 4s. ..104% — Kilauea S Co. — 30%
5 V W4s(3dm). 101 4102 Onomea S Co. 404 —
Ptktn Gas 65.. 1024 — Pnauhau S P. 40 40<4
Water Stocks— >»isctnianeous—
Contra Costa.. 70*; 71' iAI Pac Assn. .U241134
Marin Co 50 Ger Ld Wks.2so —
Spring Valley. lol 1014 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Has and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 85 86
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 24 2%
Central O Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 135
Cent L & P.. — 7 Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Eqult G L Co. 6 f>'4
• Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con, cash 73 25
30 Giant Powder Con 73 25
8. r > Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 50
25 Market Street Railway 62 00
25 Market Street Railway 61 874
2.". Market Street Railway 61 75
60 Market Street Railway 61 50
270 Market Street Railway 61 624
9f> Oceanic S S Co 86 25
150 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
ISO San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1." California Safe Deposit OS 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 50
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
6 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 25
2ES Hutchlnson S P Cc 32 874
13S Market Street Railway 61 50
7" Market Street Railway 61 374
310 Onomea Sugar Co 40 2.1
40 Onomea Sugar Co 40 37U
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 124
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Pan Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 00
10 San Francisco Gas &■ Electric Co 70 75
I", Mutual Kleotrlc Light 15 00
5n Hutehinson S P Co 33 00
$1000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds (3d m). 101 75
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board
in Sprinp Valley Water 101 00
IS Spring Valley Water 100 S7u;
20 Market Street Railway 61 75 "
30 Market Street Railway 62 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 85 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 71 00
CD Giant Powder Con 73 oo
20 Market Street Railway 62 62 ' A
15 Market Street Railway 62 50 "
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Contra Costa Water 71 00
$1000 Cal St Cable 6 per cent bonds 117 f,J
50 Equitable Gas r 25
40 Giant Powder Con 73 mj
50 Hawaiian Commercial 103 50
50 Hutrhinson S P Co 32 87U
50 Kilauea Sugar Co 30 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00
25 Market Street Railway 61 00
25 Market Street Railway 61 37%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 2j 200 Sierra Nevada. Xl
100 Gould & Curry 21 100 Union Con .... S3
300 Mexican 42 200 Utah 12
SOO Potosl 38
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 12 100 Justice 12
300 Belcher 35 200 Mexican 44
3(10 Best & Belcher 3S 100 Ophir !v>
100 Caledonia 55 100 Overman lt>
100 Challenge 32 500 Potosl 3
600 Con Cal & Va.l 25 300 Savage 20
300 Crown Point... 26 100 Union Con i
300 Gould & Curry 23 200 Yellow Jacket. 3S
100 Hale & Norcrs 33 100 Yellow Jacket. 3<
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Mta 03 200 Mexican 42
TOOAItav 04 150 Ophir sj
100 Caledonia 57 200 Ophtr So
150 Caledonia 55 200 Potosl 38
700 Con Cal & V...1 25 100 Potosi 3.
100 Con Cal & V.I 22V4 200 Savage 20
200 Crown Point... 26 200 Savage 19
200 Gould & Curry 22 200 Union Con .... 32
200 Mexican 43
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 36 200 Mexican 44
100 Best & Belcher 38 50n Ophir S4
500 Best & rselcher.3"'-i 300 Ophir »•;
200 Caledonia T. 4 800 Potoal 36
400 Caledonia 52 800 Potosl 38
300 Choi lar 26 500 Potosi 3,' 2
950 Con Cal & Va.l 25 100 Savage 20
300 Gould & Curry 23 500 Sierra Nevada, b
SOO Hale & Norcrs 34 400 Union Con .... 33
500 Justice 12 200 Utah 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. June 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — <H Justice 11 13
Alta 03 04 Kentuck — 04
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 35 38 Mexican 43 44
Best & Belcher 34 38 Occidental 20 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir S4 85
Caledonia 54 — Overman 16 lfi
Choilar 23 26 Potosi 37 3S
Challenge Con. 31 32 Savage 20 21
Confidence 92 — Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 20 1 2.". Seg Belcher.... 06 07
Con Imperial.. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 60 62
Crown Point... 26 27 Silver Hill .... — 02
Eureka Con ... — 40 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard —2 40
Exchequer .... — 03 St. Louis 10 IB
Gould & Curry 20 21 Union Con 32 33
Hale & Norcrs 32 34 Utah 11 12
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 3fi 37
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide i» the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JUNE 22.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun sets 7:35
Sun sets 3:36 a. m.
a) Time Time ITlme Time
a ! i Ft. Ft. Ft. | . Ft.
Q L W H W L W] H W
22 ...' 4:30—1.0 11:46 4.5 3:50 3.1 10:00 6.5
23 ... 6:141—1.2 12:30 4.8 4:46 3.1 . . 6.4
24... 6:59—1.3 1:12 4.9 6:42 3.0 11:43 6.3
25... 6:44'— 1:54 5.1 6:40 2.8
H W L W H W L W
26 ... 0:38 ! 6.01 7:30—0.9 2:36 5.4 7:41 2.6
27 ... 1:35 5.71 8:16—0.4 3:18 5.5 8:50. 2.3
28 ...I 2:40! 5.2 9:051 0.2] 4.011 5.61 10:00! 1.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey rharts, except
wh*>n a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal ,
June 21, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropn«^«»t exactly noon today—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Mackinaw lTacoma I June 22
Czarina (Puget Sound (June22
San Mateo Nanalmo ] June 23
Nippon Maru... e:hina and Japan IJune23
Coos Bay Newport I June 23
Point Arena.... Point Arena |June23
Acapulco Champerlco June23
A. Blanchard.. . Coos Bay |June23
Empire Coos Bay June 24
Weeott Humboldt , June 24
Areata Coos Bay.. June 24
Willamette Seattle ,'June24
Progreso Seattle 'June 24
State of Cal Portland June_!4
City of Rio China and Japan June24
Corona San Dtego June 25
Piam INanaimo I June 26 '
Umatilla .Victoria & Puget Sound June 26
Pomona iHumboldt I June 26
North Fork ; Humboldt June 27
New-burg [Grays Harbor !June27
Crescent City... Crescent City |June27
Bonlta ! Newport I June 27
Fulton Portland I June 28
Columbia I Portland I June29
Santa Rosa San Diego June29
Curacao Mexico I June29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Aloha .Point Arena.. I June 22, 3 pm|Pler 3
Columbia ..Portland JJune22. 10 am Pier 24
Queen Seattle [June23, 12 m'Pler 9
Pomona .... IHumboldt iJune23, 2 pm|Pier 9
Santa Rosa Ban Diego |june23. 11 am Pier It
A. Blanch'd|Coos Bay |June24, 5 pm'Pler 13
Coos Bay... (Newport |June25, 9 ami Pier 11
Walla Wall (Vie & Pgt Sd. IJune2.<', 10 amiPler 9
Weeott IHumboldt IJune25, 2 pm! Pier 13
Pt. Arena. .'Point Arena.. I.Tune26. 2 pm Pier 2
Areata ICoos Bay !Junc27, 10 am! Pier 13
Corona San Diego June 27, 11 am Pier 11
N. Maru IChlna&Japan June 27, 1 pm PMSS
State of Portland June 27, 10 amiPler 24
Peru 'Panama I.Tune28. 12 m'PMSS
Bonlta [Newport 'June29, 9 am: Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday, June 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, «>>•» hours from
San Diego and way ports. v t
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, 57 1 * hours from
Victoria and Port Townsend.
Stmr Cleone, Higglns, 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, 14 hours from Albion.
D S stmr Philadelphia, White, 10 days from
Honolulu.
Br ship Ross-shire, Baxter, 39 days from
Moji.
Bark Oakland, Ackerman, 9 days from Ev
erett.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 22 hours from
Blhlerß Point.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, 21 days from
Honolulu. i
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17% hours from Eu
reka. ;
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 21.
Stmr Columbia, Green,' Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nnv Co. •
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
•Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodnll. Perkins & Co.
Haw bark Star of Bengal, Henderson, Port
Townsend: J J Smith.
Schr Transit, Petersen, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Schr John G North, Austin, Honolpu; Hind,
Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
. Wednesday, June 21.
Stmr Weeott, Burtis, Eureka. ....
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Slmr George Loomis, BridKett, Ventura.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen, Caspar.
Schr Ottillie Fjord. Segethorst. Eureka.
Schr Sailor Boy. Nielsen, St Michael.
Schr Defiance, Blom, New Whatcom.
Schr John G North. Austin, Honolpu.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson, Mendocino.
SPOKEN.
May 10. lat 4 N. lon ,28 W— Br ship Eurasia,
hence Jan 7, for Liverpool.
May 15, lat 15 N. lon 36 W— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, from Oregon, for Antwerp.
May 27, lat 10 N, lon 31 W— bark Owydyr
Castle, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
June 3. lat IS, lon 34 W— Br ship Rahane,
from Shields, for San Francisci».
Per schr Mary E Foster. June 14, lat 3S N.
lon 137 30 — Bark Rufus E Wood, from Syd
ney, lor San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 21. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 14 miles per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June 21— Schr Oceania
Vance, hence June 10.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 21— Stmr Rival
hence June 20; stmr Noyo, hence June 20
POINT ARENA— Sailed June 21— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 21— Stmr Tacoma
from Tacoma. for Hongkong.
Sailed June 21— Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco: Br ship Hutton Hall, for Hongkong
USAL— Sailed June 20— Stmr Newsboy, for Sari
Pedro. • -y .
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 21— Schr Gotama for
San Francisco. " '
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June 21-Stmr
Alcazar, for .
COOS BAT— Sailed June 20— Stmr Signal, for
'' . ■ .-'. " v ,■"•'- ■.-*-,. ■■-.;'■ ■ J
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
50 Head of WELLBROKE ROAD,
BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES,
Weighing from 1900 to 1700.
Among them 2 WELL-MATCHED CARRIAGES
TEAMS.
To be sold on
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). JUNE 22, 1599.
At 11 •!■■ m. at
SALESYARD Corner VAN NESS AVENUE
and MARKET STREET.
CHAS I : it M E N 1 ) EN f I ALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO.,
1732 Market Street.
Horses now at yard.
San t rancisro. June 21— Schr Wing and Wing,
for San Francisco.
ArrivoiJ Juno 20— Stmr Empire, hence June 17.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Juno 20— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
HULL— In port June S — Br ship Rajore, for
San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed June 16— Br ship Forte
viot, for Puget Sound.
Arrived June 21- Schr Prosper, from Oregon
FALMOUTH — Arrived June 20 —Br ship
Sjirinidiank. from Tar. .ma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed May IK-Rktn
Addenda, for Honolulu: ship Reaper, for Ka
hului.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 20— Aust stmr Siam
hence June IS.
SUVA— Arrived May 25— Schr C A Thayer,
from Grays Harbor.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed June 10-Stmr Acapulon.
for San Francisco. June 20— Stmr City of Para,
for S;m Fran<
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed .Tun» 21 -Br ship
Quefn Elizabeth, from Portland, for Antwerp;
Br l>ark Lynton, from Portland, for AntweHKi
KINPALE— Passed June 21— Br ship Meriolr
eth. from Portland, for Queenstown: Br sh"
Mlltonburn. hence Feb 2. for Queenstown.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 21— Stmr Anehoria,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 21-Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 21— Stmr Brazilia,
for Hamburg, via H.-.lifax.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PNiPIIHEfI The B - s - Australia
l3l§lMBB l sails for Honolulu
ITSl "■■■■• Monday, July 3, at 2
O 4^JL^\ PS. B. Mariposa sails
J>jp3ni^finj via Honolulu and
CyICOIIDIHU^ Auckland for Sydney
(OfTIRSRH— Wednesday, July 12,
vS l "r v " (> M at 10 p. m.
, I Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
1 Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Aqts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I^. Steamers leave Broadway
Ejkj—^ wharf; San Francisco:
«&pBht For Alaskan ports, 10 a- m.,
; jPtSf^ June 15, 20. 25, 30; July 5,
1 <£. fcjS\3*?l charge at Seattle.
1 B3N«1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
' uHE«g&BLi C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
f^^^SflJtifSl Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
, and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 15, 20, 25, 30:
' July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: change
• at Seattle to this company's steamers for
i Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
, For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., June.
. 18. 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayueos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
' Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport, 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25, 29; July 3,
i and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisno). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., June 16. 19. 23, 27; July 1, and every foorth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay, San Jop# del
: Caho, Maziitlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
i and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and Iw""! of sniHnjr.
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. Kan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *1 2 First Class lnclndlnE Berth*
iMIIL $8 Second Cln«* and Meals.
Columbia Palls June 22; July 2, 12. 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July 7,
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tlckes to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
530 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
rrvr YORK. PnTJTHAMPTOX. rONDOW. PAW*.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis July New York August 3
New York July 12 St. Louis August 9
St. Paul July 19 St. Paul August 16
RED STAR LINE.
New York anil Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington July RfAdria July 26
Noordland July 12 Southwark ..August 2
Friesland July l9jWesternland ...Aug. 9
EMPIRe LINE.
f?.-f-ti.. St. Mlsha*'. Dawmi Cl*».
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART' Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARTT Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPABNIS GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQTJB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <T"TB. J
from Pier 42. North River, foot of J J - au ' !Ll ;
Morton st.\ LA GASCOGNE July 1: LA
CHAMPAGNE. July 8: LA NORM AM E. July
15: LA BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GASCOGNE.
July 29. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre $4.V 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED .
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hud* J
son building). New York. J J. FUGAZI & %
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San' Francisco.
HOLLAND4MERICA LINE
NEW YORK - ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(S300) STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin, f5O
upward; Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., 537.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
US Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 8 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday). IVTI _,_ „.
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ■
FOB U. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJH v
Steamer ••Montlcello." ■> ™
MON.. Tues Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE i« »0.CHILD KIDNAPED BY
A MAN OF MYSTERY
Its Grandmother Ran Four Miies
and Rescued It.
'iucky Mrs. Wittholl's Thrilling Story of
Struggle for Life in an Alameda
Shanty-The Abductor Arrested.
HAKLAND, the Hatchery of the Unexpected, furnished another
** mystery yesterday. A woman told the Chief of Police a
\ story of the abduction of a two-year-old boy that nas more
romantic than the oruinary fairy tale. After grabbing the child
1 the abductor drove off, and the woman, though 50 years old,
foiloweo him for four miles. The chase ended near the tidal
canal bridge, and when the abductor and his captive went into a
* secluded shanty the grandmother followed. The door was
ocked and she and the baby were kept prisoners for an hour,
% auring which time the abductor frequently threatened to kill her
? with a large knife. Watching her opportunity, she rushed out
k Hithjhe child and made her escape. Up to a late hour last
6 night the police had proved the truth of the grandmother's re
-9 markable story, and two officers were on guard all night watch
£ ing for the abductor's return. At 2 o'clock this morning he was
> arrested.
The woman is positive that the abductor was either drunk
* or crazy. There is now a belief that the man who stole the
* chiio is the same who attacked H. K. Belden with an ax at
* midnight two weeks ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, ,
908 Broadway, June 21. ;
A remarkable story of abduction of a
two-year-old child was told to-day to
Chief of Police Fletcher by Mrs. M. Witt
holl and her daughter, Mrs. F. McGulre,
who live at 1421 Seventeenth street.
The acts of which the ladies told could |
only have been those of a madman, and
Chief Fletcher believes that no other
theory can possibly explain the remark
able incident.
August Walter is a grandson of Mrs.
Wlttholl and a nephew of Mrs. McGulre.
Mrs. Wittholl and the child were on the
■ beach at West Oakland yesterday after-
Tfnoon gathering shells for the chickens.
At Sixteenth and Wood streets they met
an unknown man in a buggy. He said
something in Knglish which Mrs. W'.tt
ho'il did not understand, as she is Ger
man and speaks English very imperfectly.
After a little conversation the man seized
the little grandson by the arm, placed
him in the buggy and drove off.
"The man seemed enraged that I did
not understand him," said Mrs. Wittholl,
"and he seized the child and was driving
away before 1 really knew what had.hap
pened. I followed the buggy and never
lost sight of it. After running what
seemed to me many miles the man turned
Into an open gateway on some street. lie
hitched his horse and carried the baby
Into the house. I was not far behind and
followed through the open door. 1 met
the nan lace to face, and when he saw
nit! is anger seemed to increase, He
grabbed a large knife and threatened to
kill me if 1 made any disturbance. He
went out of doors, where there was some
!:'<i;-e, and as ton as he was outside the
house 1 picked up the baby and ran from
the place before be returned. 1 could run
faster than he could, and got away. I !
do not know where we went, as 1 have
been here less than a year from St. Louis
and am not acquainted with the streets.
i am sure, however, that we crossed over
one bridge."
Mrs. Wittholl said she could easily iden.
tlfy •■• man, as she was in the house
with him for over an hour. He is aoout
55 years of age and very broad-shoul
<!<>rp<i standing about 5 feet 6 inches tall.
— The child is the Bon of Mr. and Mrs.
Eugene Walter, who came here from St.
Louis. Walter is a member of the Hos
pital Corps and 1.- now located at the
Presidio. Mrs. Walter lives with Mrs.
Wlttholl and little August is their only
child.
Although the detectives arc convinced
■ i" the truth of Mrs. Wittholl's story, there
are many remarkable features to it. Mrs.
Wittholl says that she followed the buggy
from Sixteenth and Wood streets, which
is almost at the bay shore in West Oak
land, to an old house in Alaiheda, near
the tidal canal. This Is a distance of
nearly four miles, and .Mrs. Wittholl was
kept about two blocks behind the buggy
all the way. She Is about 50 years old, and
yet she was able, after having a struggle
/or her life, to pick up the child and run
away with it. All this happened between
10 o'clock in the morning and 3 in the
afternoon, and yet nobody saw it or was
nsked by the woman to render her as
sistance
Detectives Quigley and Holland, taking
their clew from the fact that the woman
said she followed the buggy across a
bridge, started out with Mrs. Wittholl to
follow the track she thought she had
followed. She led the way toward the
tidal canal bridge that connects Alameda
and Oakland. when just across the bridge
Mrs. Wittholl saw a shanty partly hidden
by trees, and she at once Informed the
detective's that it was the place where
Bhe had been held a prisoner for fully an
hour by the man who had abducted the
child. "Mrs. Wittholl was very positive
and described the Interior of the place
ivith .great detail. After the detectives
GRAPE-NUTS.
MORTAR ONCE USED
-tirinot Bind Brick and Stone a
Second Time.
In a recent article by Dr. David H.
Reeder, I isor of Hygiene and
Dietetics of Medicine and
Surgery. Chicago, he states: "A chemist
may Bteep ii:!..- shell in a quantity of
pure \\;m.t BO that a portion of the lime
will b»- dissolved in the water. Let this
water be taken Into the stomach of the
: erson to whom we desire to supply
material. Win this lime now
rgo a change Buch as will convert
.t into bone. No more than will
. ortar."
This is a g<« '1 illustration of the
reason for the failure to obtain results
building the ijmjy by administering
ertain minerals from the drug shop,
< in< c the principles have been made
Into lime, potash, etc., they cannot b<;
rearranged into the human economy
readily, but these elements or minerals
are needed In very delicate particles for
ihe rebuilding of certain structure in
tlie human body. We should obtain
them from the grains, for in that way
Nature presents them with the mole-
iilea so delicately divided that the
human system takes them up.
This is true of Grape-Nuts, the fa-
mous food, made with the special intent
of rebuilding the brain, solar plexus
and nerve centers of the human body,
'■ offering tlie phosphate of potash m
« natural way. which combines with
tfibumen and does t:.p work intended.
<irape-Nuts are delicious to Mi- taste,
made up in the form of small granules j
glistening with pjrape sugar, and form
an Ideal breakfast dish. Sold by all
grocers at 15 cents per package.
w .>* w v VWVWVWVWVWVWVWI,'WVP
entered they found everything just as the
woman had described. The knife with
which the man threatened to attack her
in the event of her crying out was also
In the shanty.
"This Is a peculiar story," said Detec
tive Holland to-night, ""but although
there is much that seems mysterious
about It, 1 urn inclined to think that the
child was actually abducted. The wo
man s story has been verified in every
particular where verification is possible,
and there is no doubt that she was in
the housfi near the tidal canal bridge,
she showed us the chair where she sat
and before entering described the details
with wonderful correctness, as we after
ward discovered. The parents assure me
that there is no motive of which they
can conceive that would cause any one
to wish to abduct their little boy. The
woman had no difficulty in finding the
house and the fellow who has lived there
for some time has disappeared. His tools
are lying around and it is very evident
that he left In a hurry. We expect him
to return and his explanation of the whole
business will be very interesting."
hen questioned by the Chief of Po
lice regarding her long run after the
buggy, and the fact that she did not ask
any one to help her during the pursuit
of several miles, iurs. Wittholl gave very
reasonable answers.
"I have always been a hard working
woman, used to taxing my strength " she
nf '.h« ,'-, l - [ h< ? u 5- ht entered my head
oi the Clark kidnaping affair in New
York as soon as I saw the man lift the
boy into the buggy. This seemed to give
me superhuman strength and served me
well in the chase. I was afraid to stop
and tell any one about the affair for I
was so nearly out of breath and talked
such poor English that 1 was afraid that
the time so used would be sufficient to
let the man get out of sight. i know
that would be the last I'd see of the
"This morning we went to the polic- "
she continued, "and I told them that Uus
house was Just beyond a bridge near the
water, with a cornfield adjoining without
a tence around it. I told of the interior of
the house, of the tools, old bed and bid
ding, of the nail that fastened the door
and of a bucket of stale beer on the lioor
Uiat i < he attempted to give the child to
. "For hours we drove around this morn
ing. \\ hen we crossed the Eighth street
bridge I saw nothing familiar, and .so told
the officers. Then they tried another
bridge (Alice street), but that was not the
one. They drove all around and pointed
out many cornfields, but they ail had
fences around them. They seemed to
doubt my story, but just before giving up
one of the officers said. Til try the canal
bridge. He drove onto that one, and in
an instant I recognised the old house and
pointing to it said. "That Is the place
When we drove up to it they 'found every
thing just as I described it. The door was
fastened by a nail and inside was every
thing as it was yesterday. In a barn next
to this pace was found a horse and bug
gy just like the one the man drove It
belongs to some colored people who de
clared that no one had used it so far -is
they knew.
"While In the house the man said he
took a liking to the boy and wanted him
He wanted me to stay and promised :< : ,
n« Hn me^' iIL I , tri T 1 l " |lUn to escape,
offering to come back as soon as I went
home and told my daughters, but every
time I arose he pushed me bark into the
chair, threatening to kill me if I did not
stay. He afterward attempted to assault
me.
"I have no idea how I ever reached
home last night. I walked all of the way
asking occasionally for Sixteenth street
I nave never been away from the house
and kne-w nothing of the city. As to the
man. ] am sure he was either drunk or
crazy. There is no motive for such h deed
except that if he is captured, as he surely
will be, he should be locked up to protect
other children. Every parent will feel
unsafe while such a brute Is at Urge "
Mr. Maguire, a son-in-law of Mrs Wi-t
hoi], could not believe the old ' lady's
story until It was verified to-day "I knew
She had been through a hard trip " he
said, ■when I saw her last night I came
home at 11 o'clock and I never saw such
exhaustion She looked ten years older
than she did in the morning. She per
spired till after midnight. Her clothes
were mud-bespattered and torn. We do
not want to ever experience another day
like this. The man should be given twenty
years when caught, unless it Is shown un
mistakably that he is insane. Children
won't be safe on the streets while he Is
at large. There is no possible motive th it
we can imagine. His father cam" over
often to visit his family and was expected
last night, but did not come. There was
never any trouble in the family of any
kind." J
THE DESERTED SHANTY
Officers Watching for the Re-
turn of the Abductor.
ALAMKDA, June 21.— The place where
the old man has been living is a tumble
down shed near the tidal canal bridge.
The interior Is sparsely furnished, con
taining only a bunk, a broken stove, table
and a bench. The old man has lived
there about three months. The neigh
bors look upon him as a man of mystery.
No one in the vicinity has been able to
make his acquaintance, and his name or
means of livelihood are not known. He
is supposed t'> be a gardener, but the d<-
t»»ctlves have been unable to locate any
nlaet where he has worked.;
THE ABDUCTED ARRESTED
At 2 o'clock this morning the ahductor
returned to his home and was at once ai
rested. He gave the name of Henry
Chase and is S3 y<-;irs "f age.
An Heiress in Court.
Miss Henrietta Redmond, who claims" to
! ntitled to a share of the estate of the
lat< Jamea Redmond. 333 Eddy street,
valued at $50,000, appeared before Judge
Treadwell yesterday to answer a charge
of obtaining poods to the value of $4'j 70
from the City of Paris dry goods store on
falsr- pretense*. The girl was adopted by
the Redmonds when she was eighteen
months old, and the adoption papers wer.i
produced in court. Mrs. Redmond was
dlssatjsfled with the way the girl was
THE SAIS" FRANCISCO CALL, THTJESDAY, JU^'E 22, 1899.
living, and about a month ago refused
to be responsible for any debts contracted
by her -without her authority. She ex
pressed her willingness to take her back
if she consented to behave herself, and
the Judge continued the case for a week
to see if the bill was paid and the diffi
culty settled between the girl and her
adopted mother.
■ <» .
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS.
Waterman Sisters' Testimonial Con
cert Delight", the A.idience.
The testimonial benefit glyen to the Sis
ters Waterman at the Odd Fellows' Hail
last night was a brilliant success, both so
cially and financially. The Monteford Club
Minstrels, under the management of Her
bert Krei.-.s. ably assisted by J. F. riuili
van, oper.ed the evening's pleasure. Al
bert C. Helfenstein was interlocutor and
Kert I. Van Cleve, Thomas Mahoney, El
ton Lambert and Ed Kreiss end men.
After the opening chorus Elton Lambeit
sang "Guess I'll Have to Telegraph My
Baby," and was heartily encored. "The
Rag-ma-la" was done by Ed Kreiss, who
acted like an old-time professional. Rich
ard Hunt rendered a tenor solo well, and
A. C. Helfenstein followed with "Honey
That 1 Love So Well.' Bert P. Van Cleve
w;:s well received and sang "My Aunt
Elizer." Before the finale Tin, mas Ma
henej plunked out several selections oil
his banjo, and showed himself to be a
master of the Instrument.
1 .itt le ('lair.- Tex, late of the Tivoli, was
showered with flowers, and her cute
"ccon" specialty was ihu feature 01 Lhe
entertainment. She was called many times
before the audience to repeat her son;?-;
acfl dances. William Nelson and Charles
Parent were loudly applauded In vocal se
lections, as was \V. J. Hynes, who ren
d< red a humorous solo. Henry Larsen per
formed on the violin, and La Jess and
c'unningjham did a contortion act. The
programme closed with negro melodies by
the Sisters Waterman. Both of tho l'a
\orlt's \\c!-^ the recipients of handsome
floral tokens from the audience and re
sponded to many hearty encores. The en
tertainment concluded with a dance.
The reception committee consisted of-
G. J. Wallace, H. E. Sullivan, G. Munroe,
Jiimes F. Sullivan. Fred Kane and .Mr.
Axtermann. George Kreiss was floor man
ager and Harry E. Sullivan. James i'ut
frith. J. Gleaaon, Charles Durham and
Gecrg-3 Kreiss assistant floor managers.
FIRED TWICE TO STOP
A FLEEING MAN
OFFICER SCOTT'S CHASE AFTER
A COLORED SOLDIER.
An Exciting Pursuit Near the Pre
sidio That Nearly Had a
Fatal Ending.
A member of the Twenty-fourth Tnfan
try. stationed at the Presidio, is thank
ful that his body is not perforated with
a bullet from the revolver of Officer Scott
of the North End station. On Tuesday
night the policeman lired'twice at the sol
dier, who was making frantic efftvrts to
avoid arr.-st, and this he succeeded in
doing by climbing over the Presidio fence
with greater force than ceremony, the
flight being hastened by the uncomfort
able hum of the leaden missile alined at
him.
1 hat the man was not killed is due to
his good fortune and not to the lack of
shooting ability (jf Officer Scott, who in
looked upon as one of the best shots on
the force. Shortly before the exciting
incideni a woman rushed up to the police
man and appealed for protection. She
breathlessly Informed him that a color. 1
man had instilled her while she was
walking along the street, and when she
remonstrated with him he picked up a
brick and struck her in the face, Indict
ing a severe wound. Her statement was
attest..! by the blood oozing out of a
deep gash on her cheek, and the officer,
quickly learning which way her assail
ant went, hurried in pursr.it. The un
known soldier, seeing the policeman,
broke into a run, and Snort started after
him. After repeatedly calling to him to
surrender, Scotr pulled out his revolver
and shot in the air to frighten his man,
but the report only had a tendency to in
crease his Bpeed. The pursued and pur
suer were close to the Presidio gate, but
this only redoubled Scott's desire to cap
ture his* man and he tired again with a
deliberate intention of winging him. But
for the darkness he might have suc
ceeded. As it was the negro went pell
mell over the fence into the arms of the
sentry, who was aroused by the shooting.
Scott, finding himself defeated, hurried
back to the spot where he left the
woman, but was disappointed, as she had
[eft Ib- tii.'d a report with Chief of Po
lice Lees last night in which he narrated
the above facts. The woman who was as
saulted by the soldier visited headquar
ters last night and gave her version of the
affair to the olerk in charge. She ex
pressed a desire that her name be not
mentioned in the affair, as ?he disliked
notoriety. A formal charge will be
lodged with the military authorities to
day with a view of having the soldier
punished for his action. It is understood
he was intoxicated at the time he did it
unii i<s roadv to make amends for it.
WOULD BE UP TO DATE.
Invitation Committee Wishes to Do
the Grand on the Fourth.
The first signs of dissension are showing
themselves In the Fourth of July Commit
tee. The invitation committee has taken
What it is pleased to call a "stand" on the
matter of invitations, and its members
threaten resignations and other horrible
things if they are not allowed to have
their own way. They want to issue en
graved and embossed invitations, and the
general committee is willing to be satis
fied with common printed ones. En
graved invitations will cost $12 a hun
dred; printed ones will cost about a sixth
as much, but still the invitation commit
tee is determined to be up to date, 'and
the question has come to a head on that
point. It will he fought out before the
meeting of the executive committee this
evening.
Eustace fitllinane, a young newspaper
man of this city, lias been select e,< t.,
write the poem for '.he celebration. Ed
win Marknam, the author of the "Man
With a Hoe," volunteered to write the
poem for the day. but as pressing F.ast
i in engagements would prevent him deliv
ering It in person, he has decided to write
a memorial to the her tea of the late war.
"The Old Flag Forever," an epic written
by Mrs. LellahFrance McDermott, will be
played by the orchestra at the literary ex
ercises and a grand chorus will sing the
words of the stirring melody.
The arrival of the Philadelphia assures
a large contingent of men-of-warsmen in
the. parade. An invitation to participate
has been extended to Admiral Kautz ami
his men, and it is expected the blue
jackets who made themselves famous at
Samoa a few weeks ago will be out in
force.
Daniel Norcross, the pioneer grand mar
shal, who was In charge of the parade in
this city in 1*49, has accepted the Invita
tion of the grand nvirshal to act In an
official capacity In the coming celebration.
■ ♦ ■
MEDALS FOR SOLDIERS.
A Call for Proposals Has Been Made
by the Committee.
The California volunteer soldier medal
fund lias reached proportions to warrant
the committee in calling for designs for
th( ornaments that are to decorate the
hrave fellows who entered the army in
the service of their country. In order
thai :m appropriate design may be select
ed the committee has issued a call for
proposals for furnishing the medals,
Which reads as follows:
The committee on medals, to be pre
sented to all soldiers and sailors who
volunteered in the State of California
for the late war with Spain, hereby
calls for proposals for furnishing the
medals, including the making of die
and bar attachment in accordance
with design adopted by the committee.
Medals are to be of bronze and of
Size of a silver dollar. Proposals must
be submitted for th.» furnishing of WOO,
7000 ii!i<l 10,000 medals. Full specifica
tions must accompany proposals. Pro
posals must be submitted to chairman
of committee, W. D', Shea. 26 Mont
gomery street, not later than Wednes
diiy. June 2s. 1899. Any further inform
ation can be had by addressing com
mittee—\V. D. Sh*a. Lewis F. Bying
ton. Kdward F. Taaffe.
Water and Gas Bills Paid.
Treasurer Truman yesterday paid the
hills of the Spring Valley Water Comijanv
and the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. The former railed for JG3.OS4 74
and the latter for $X :..:{.% 60. The olninis
nf the gas company havt- now been liquid
ated on the basis of the compromise up to
June 1 of this year.
LAID ASIDE THEIR
PUNCHES FOR PLEASURE
CONDUCTORS ENJOYED A MUCH
NEEDED OUTING.
An Ideal Day and a Picked Crowd
Made Their Initial Picnic a Bril
liant Success — Who Were
Present.
There was a dearth of railway conduc
tors on the various divisions of this State
yesterday. Every ticket puncher who
could get away from his duties without
danger of tying up his line gathered his
family and capacious lunch basket to
gether and hied himself to Sunset Park
to attend the initial outing- of the mem
bers of his calling: given under the aus
pices of El Capitan Division No. 115. The
Knights of the Punch sat back in up
holstered cars, through which it is their
wont to pass in the collection of paste
boards, and calmly handed their printed
slips to' one of their tribe, and half pitied
the latter fur being compelled to work
on such an auspicious day.
If there was ever a success achieved
by an organization on its first venture
in the picnic line, the railroad conductors
are entitled to their share of the laurels.
Their picnic proved one of the most de
lightful held in Sunset Park, or, in fact,
any other park, in some moons. A per
fect day, a select crowd and not a hitch
in the arrangements made the outing a
memorable one.
Representatives from the surrounding
bay cities were there in numbers, garbed
in their coolest apparel, laden with the
good things that make a picnic pleasant
and without a care but to have a good
time. And they had it. too. If a crowded
dance hall is a criterion and if beaming
faces and merry laughter in other por
tions of the beautiful park are signifi
cant.
Fourteen cars carried the conductors,
their families and their numerous friends
to the mountains. A start was made at
8:45 a. m., and the heavily loaded train
stopped at rarious points along the route
to take on more. Near Mount Eden the
cylinder blew out of the locomotive and
caused a trifling delay. With a series of
jerks and jolts the engine was started
and hurried on to San Jose without fur
ther mishap, but there gave way to an
undamaged locomotive. The picnickers
arrived at Sunset Park shortly after noon
and immediately spread themselves about
the grounds and feasted on the good
things stored In their capacious hampers.
After, luncheon dancing was inaugurated,
and until 5 o'clock Richardson's Sausa
lito band discoursed popular music for
the graceful ones. Strolls down by the
babbling brook that courses through the
grounds were taken by numerous parties
and along its banks were children and
grown people dangling their "Trilbies"
in its cool current.
Among the familiar faces in and around
the dance hall during the day's festivities
were genial Sam Davis, one of the nar
row gauge's oldest conductors; C. D.
Phelps, A. R. Murray, J. D. Moffltt. J. C.
Frelling, George ] Colegrove, W. D.
Hartley. A. H. Hoibrook and W. H. Eng
wicht, of the Southern Pacific Company;
W. J. Hunter and J. K. Smith of the Cali
fornia and Northwestern.
W. J. Hunter made an efficient floor
manager and the other members of the
committee of arrangements, consisting of
Thomas Billingslea, Charles D. Phelps, J.
E. Dillon, Oeorgr L. Colegrove and
George K. Smith, also did valiant service
in making the affair a brilliant success.
An instance of the thoroughness In
which the railroad men conducted their
outing was shown on tho return journey,
when it was learned by telegraph that
twenty-three picnickers were left on the
grounds, through no fault of the com
mittee, but due to the twenty-three being
in the canyon when the signal was given
to depart. Without a minute's, hesitation
the committee ordered a special end: 1 ,"
and car to the park and the belated pic
nickers were whirled hr>me In style. Such
courtesy won further words "f aj>>proval
for the conductors and was a fitting close
to a jolly outing.
■ m ■
ASSESSOR DODGE RESTRAINED
Allegation That He Illegally As
sessed the San Francisco
National Bank.
The San Francisco National Bank filed
a bill of injunction against Assessor
Dodge yesterday in the T'nited States
Circuit Court to restrain the Assessor
from seizing and selling the personal
property of the bank for $S4'?o I,~> taxes al-
■ leged to be due on its personal property,
stock, etc.
The allegation is made that the tax levy
has been illegally made, and that thp as
sessment to the bank of the shares of
; the capital stock is in violation of section
5219 of the revised statutes of the United
; States in thai the said taxation j s at a
greater rate than is assessed upon other
moneyed capital in the hands of Indi
■ vidual citizens of the Plate of Califor
nia. The l.iiiik furthermore declares that
it has no means of knowing the names
I of its shareholders, for these may have
changed since they were first recorded
t and the further point is raised that the
. Assessor has not deduct.! from the aa
: sessed valuation of the shares, debts un
! secured by trust deed, mortgage or other
i liens owing by the shareholders to bona
j lide residents of the State of California.
Judge -Morrow granted a temporary re
straining order and fixed June 26 as the
date for showing cause.
The hank's solicitor is E. S. Pillsbury
T. I. Bergin, W. S. Wood and Alfred Su
tro are of counsel.
FOR LINCOLN MONUMENT.
The League Rapidly Shaping Plans
Which Will Lead to Its
Erection.
The Lincoln Monument League, organ
ized for the purpose of securing the erec
tion in San Francisco of a statue of Abra
ham Lincoln, met last right m the Offices
of Judge Cooney. W. W. Stone presfded
and Charles B. Perkins acted as seore
tary. The committee appointed for the
purpose of enlisting the co-operation of
patriotic women's societies reported that
the Seven Plnea Circle No. .'!, Ladiea of the
G. A. R., and the Meade Relief Corps had
l>een visited and that the members of
each organization had promised their
hearty support.
A committee consisting of Sol Kahn. C.
!'.. Perkins, A. J. Vinitig, M. Cooney, S. M
Carr, A. E. Levitt and Scldon Sturges
was appointed to Interview the improve
ment clubs of the city, and will rrux-t Sat
urday afternoon to complete arrange
ments. It has been proposed to place the
monument at the entrance to the park
panhandle; also to ask the Board of Su
pervisors to set aside $50,000 for the pro
posed bond is&ue for the purchase of the
statue. The Call was extended a vote of
thanks for Its active efforts in the patri
otic cause. The leugue will meet again on
next Wednesday evening.
AFTERMATH OF A DANCE.
A Gang of Toughs Handle Police
Officers Roughly.
Shortly before midnight Officer Riordan
arrested two toughs who were fighting
at Sixth and Minna streets. He started
for a call box, when he was assaulted by-
John Barry. Releasing the two fighters
he started after his assailant and cap
tured him. Officer Minnehan, who came
to Rlordan's assistance, caught one of the
men released by him, but was aHacked by
the other tough, who broke Minnehan' B
nose and inflicted a scalp wound. The of
ficer wan taken to the Receiving Hospital.
The toughs originally arrested escaped.
Harry was charged with having used vul
gar language, battery and resisting an of
licer. Another of the gang. Joseph Mur
phy, was also arrested and bonked with
having used vulgar language. The pugilis
tic crowd had been attending a dance in
the vicinity.
CITY CREDITORS ANXIOUS.
Debts Incurred in Violation of the
One-Twelfth Act in Jeopardy.
The Auditor will hold a conference
with the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors in a few days In
regard to the payment of certain claims
that have been incurred in violation of
the one-twelfth act.
The former board left bills unpaid to
the amount of $20,773 04, including street
labor claims for the month of December
last, which have heen Ignored on the
ground that they were hot Incurred by
the presr-nt administration. Since Janu
ary 1 b'lls amounting to $122,300 have been
incurred and remain unpaid. If these are
not liquidated before the 30th lnst., un
der the provisions of the law they be
come void.
Several business firms having claims
I against the city are. preparing to take
! legal steps to secure their claims. It is
t generally conceded that the deficiency will
i amount to nearly Slfti.OOn. and the salaries
of the statutory officers may be held up
to obtain necessary funds to satisfy the
City a creditors. It is understood that the
Auditor will propose as a solution of the
difficulty that the one-twelfth act be sus
pended and the claims be immediately
paid.
STOLEN GOODS FOR LIQUOR.
A Saloon-keeper Arrested Who Did a
Brisk Trade With Soldiers From
the Presidio.
.Antone Meyers, a saloon-keeper at
Lombard nnd Baker streets, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and ODea [
j on a charge of receiving- stolen property i
belonging to the Government. Meyers
hatl been in the habit of supplying liquor
j to soldiers from the Presidio and took as !
i payment articles of underwear and others !
I in payment which had been stolen by
! them.
The police were notified of the fact on
Monday, and Detectives Ryan and ODea
i were detailed on the case. Under their j
! instructions. Captain D. B. Devore swore •
I out a search warrant yesterday and, ac- !
i c-ompanied by the two detectives, went to
| Meyer's saloon. Meyers denied having any
of the property and asked them to search
his premises. They proceeded to do so
and when they hail reached h closet on
I the porch Meyers pot scared and fled, but
] was quickly overtaken by Ryan and held
I p'-ndinvr an investigation of the closet.
In the closet was found a miscellaneous ;
collection of stolen articles, all bearing: j
j the Government mark and comprising 6 I
! blankets. L' 2 dark blue shirts, S cotton un- |
dershirts, 1 Red Cross band, 6 pairs white
trousers, fi white coats. 4 pairs drawers, i
] 1 undershirt, 17 woolen undershirts, 38 :
j canton flannel drawers and 2 pairs cavalry
j boots, all of which were seized and taken
' to the City Prison.
Meyers was released last night at the re
] quest of the commanding officer of the
I Presidio, who statr.l that as the soldiers
I were about to depart for Manila they
i would not be able to appear against the
defendant, hence he did not wish to push
the charge.
OIL COMPANY BLAMED
FOR HOLBROOK'S DEATH
BUSINESS MEN RENDER A VER-
DICT OF CENSURE.
Tanks Should Not Be Tapped After
Dark When Lamplight Was
Necessarily Obliged to
Be Used.
An inquest was held yesterday morn
ing by Coroner Hill on the body of
Charles Hoibrook, who came to his death
last Tuesday morning from injuries re
ceived by an explosion of coal oil in the
i works of the Union Oil Company. The
| Jury, composed of business men, censured
the oil company and also the draylng
company for which Hoibrook had been
working.
The testimony on behalf of the oil com
pany was that Hoibrook called at Ihe
works for a load of oil after dark, and !
that the man in charge of the works tit
that hour had his pood clothes on, and
mentioned that fact to Hoibrook. who i
volunteered to fill the package himself, i
He was given a lantern, which he set by'
the Bide of the tank. Some of the oil
bubbled and sputtered upon the lantorn,
settiriK fire to Hoibrook and the tank.
The agents of the company contende-i
at the inquest that it was no part of Hoi
brook's duty to decant the oil. and taat
he alone was to blame, he having volun
teered his services. It appeared. a!.-v>,
that the oil company did not employ a
watchman. The jury returned a verdict
as follows:
That the said Charles Holbrook, a*ed 47.
nativity Massachusetts, occupation teamster,
resilience 334.3 Twenty-fourth street, in the city
anil county of San Francisco, came to his
death at the City Receiving Hospital In said
city and county on the 20th day of June, IK'.t9,
from ihock following burns; and we do further
find the Union Oil Company criminally negli
gent In so far as to allow oil to be taken from
Its premises at a time when lamplight had
to be used. And we further find the Bocarde
Drayage Company negligent In allowing its
teamster to perform the duty that caused his
death.
The following named composed the
jury:
V. H. Coward. 217 Sacramento street;
William Richards. 2nfi Sacramento street;
\V. W. Barton. 212 Sacramento street; J.
<;. Libby. 219 Sacramento street; E. M.
Batchelder, 22S Front street; George New
bauer, L'2ti Front street; W. N. Mack. 213
Front street; G. A. Faesy, 314 Sacramento
street, and L. Cohn, 310 Sacramento
street.
FELL FROM A WINDOW.
Mrs. Schneider's Lottery Ticket May
Cost Her Her Life.
Mrs. Louisa Schneider, a widow living
at -125 Bush street, fell from a second
story window last nigbl and sustained in
juries from which she may not recover.
Mrs. Schneider held a winning ticket in
the lottery and cashed it in yesterday
morning. She then si.Tted out to have a
irood time with the money, and night
found her in a condition bordering on in
toxication. At about tj o'clock she went to
the window to attend to some flowers on v
shelf, iost her balance and fell to the hard
pavement of the alleyway in low.
She was picked up unconscious and
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where it was ascertained that she had
sustained a fracture of the right thigh,
with probably internal injuries.
Socialists Complain of the Police.
The meeting of the Socialist Labor
party on the corner of Sixth and Market
streets was broken up last evening by the
1 police arid the members of the party com
plain bitterly of the way in which it was
done. They say their speaker was pulled
i down from the stand with unnecessary
brutality anil that language unfit for
| repetition was used. The speaker was
Arthur McQinty; he was taken to the
; Centra] Station and locked up on a charge
of obstructing the sidewalk. When tne
I organizer of the party, Thomas Beres
ford, produced $2n bail, The customary
amount in such cases, he was told the
bail was $100. He was not told who fixed
it at that amount, but, as he says, he was
hustled out of the prison and McGinty
was locked up.
Lumbermen Organize.
A mass-meetingr of lumbermen was held
in the hall of the Coast Seamen's Union
at East and Mission streets last night for
' the purpose of considering the advisabil
| ity of forming a union. About three hun
| dred men were present and they listened
I with interest to addresses on organization
by A. R. Andre and Andrew Furuscth, or
ganizing committee of the San Francisco
Labor Council. A temporary organiza
tion was formed and Mose Kuehn elected
treasurer and Frank Butler secretary. I.
Donelly was appointed to act with the
| two officers as a committee of managers
until the next meeting, which will be held
to-morrow night. The majority of those
I present signed the roll.
Arrested for Selling Morphine.
Charles Feldbush, a druggist at Kearny
anil Sacramento streets, was arrested yes
terday on a charge of having sold mor
phine without a physician's prescription, i
Some time ago a leading physician "om- !
plained to Chief Leed that the dru'-jsist
had been violating the drug law. and
yesterday Officer M. Murphy, disguised
as a "dope" fiend, visited the place and
called for a quantity of morphine. He
was accompanied by another officer, who
served as a witness. After some parleying
the officer secured che drug and then ob
tained a warrant for the arrest of the
druggist.
Division 11, A. 0. H.
At a meeting of Division 11 of the An
cient Order of Hibernians, held last
night, the following officers were elected
for the ensuing term: D. Fitzpa trick,
president; J. Brennan, vice president; J.
B. Nolan, financial secretary • E. D. Sulli
van, recoiding secretary; William Cal
lopy, treasurer, and B. McCarthy, ser
geant at arms.
. ♦ .
Roche's Judgment Confirmed.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision affirming the judgment
of the lower court in the case of Thomas
Roche against W. P. Redington et al.
Roche was run over and severely Injured
by a horse and cart belonging to defend
ant and brought suit for damages. He
was awarded $4000 and Redington took an
appeal to the Supreme Court.
SWEDISH NATIONAL DAY
TO BE CELEBRATED
PATBIOTIC LEAGUE TO GATHER
AT SHELL MOUND.
Charles A. Sumner Will Deliver an
Oration — Grand Display of Fire
works, Ending With Carnival.
Swedish National day will be celebrated
' next Saturday, under the auspices of the
: Swedish-American Patriotic League of
California at Shell Mound Park.
An excellent musical and literary pro
j gramme bas been prepared, consisting of
i speeches, songs by the singing society aniJ
! the glee club, under the leadership of
; llJHlmar Hrunell: national airs by the or
chestra, dancing around the maypole, nu
merous games and races, tug of war. eic,
for which a large number of prizes will be
given.
There will also be a grand display of
i fireworks and a carnival in which every
; body will participate, the festivities con
tinuing till 11 p. m.
There are 30.000 Swedish people in Cali
fornia, and it is expected that over 0000
from far and near will attend the cele
bration.
Hon. Charlff? A. Sumner will deliver the
oration, and there will be an address Dy
; Andrew Olson, president of the league.
Following are the committees of the
day:
Committee of Arrangements — A. Olson, Alex
i ander Olss=on. Joseph Okerblari. N. G. l>ind
gren, O. Petterson, Mrs. A. Sandahl, Mrs. G.
R. Lindbeig.
Reception Committee— F. A. Svenson, A.
M'allin, Mrs. A. Olson. G. S. Nelson. D. Mo
lander, Mrs. A. Johnson, Mrs. G. Petterson.
Master of CereinnnifF— Joseph Okerblad.
Floor Manager— G. (J. Kyden.
Floor Committee — O. I^. Grutrcrel, Emil Nll
i son, N. G. LindgrenJ K. Svenson.
i Committee of Programme and Races— Andrew
I Olson, judge; Joseph Okprblad, starter; L. Gls
j slow, Alexander Olsson.
BUNKO MAN CAUGHT.
He Fleeced a Colorado Man With the
Lock Game.
T. G. Dobyns en me from Colorado a few
days ago and fell in with a brace of lock
pame workers. They took him to see the
sights of Chinatown last Tuesday night
and got him to bet $4 that he could open
a lock after they had shown him how to
do it. He lost his money, for they had
changed the lock for one that a black
smith could not open with a sledgeham
mer. Yesterday, seeing one oi the men,
Joseph Brown, on California street, he
had him .arrested. The two locks were
found on Brown.
Shamus O'Lrien Postponed.
The orchestrntlon of "Shamus O'Brien,"
on the way from London, has been detain
ed in the New York custom-houpe since
Monday, and in consequence that opera,
with Denis O'Sullivan in the title role,
cannot be produced at the Tivoli until
Thursday evening:. June 20. Manager W.
H. L,eahy wa= wired yesterday of thf con
dition nf affajrs and he took immediate
steps to secure this important part of the
Eroduction. '"Orpheus and Eurydice" will
c substituted for the Irish opera on
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday even
ings.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KNAPP, m. D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness such as impotency. shrunken ;
orpans, nervous debility, lost manhood, night i
emissions, premature discharge and all other '
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any '
case of the difficulty, never fails to restore the
organs to full natural strength and vigor. The
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
wants to let every man know about it. He
will, therefore, send the receipt Riving: the ]
various ingredients to be used go that all men
at a trifling- expense can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do is to send his name and address to L. W.
Knapp, M. D.. 1659 Hull building:, Detroit,
Mich., requesting; the free receipt as reported
in this paper. It is a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
BAXLROAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago. I
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS 1 1
THE CONTINENT. i
i
EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN i
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE |
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE j
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M. I
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE I
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN- I
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 828
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1631.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118. Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILRQAa
Via ftWiuKlit* F«rry .
Commencing April 28, 1894.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00, 9:so, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, S: IS, *(:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. •9:00. »19:00. 11:00. 11:10
a. m.; 1:00. 1:45. »2:SO, •4:00, 8:30, 6:48 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Vary Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:66, 8:40. *10:20
a. m.: 12:30, 2:15. »3:40, 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 1:40 and 10:16 p. m.
SUNDATS-7.00. *8:00, »»:45. •10:45, M 1:45
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. n:3O, *5:16. »6:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
i WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55. 8:55, 10:35
a. m. : 12:85, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; U:O6
1:20, 2:40. 3:55, 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'na. ;
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. tt. U9». trains will ma as foUoww
South-bound. 1 North-bound.
Paaaen- Mixed. Miie*. Passea>
«er. Sunday Stations. ■ Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exe'ptd Dally.
S:«0 am 10:30 am Stockton 1:46 pm 6:00 pro '
:1C am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:11 pro
10:40 am 5:35 pro Fresno 9:30 am 2:43 pm
11:3* ami 7:45 pm Hanfdrd 7:45 am 1:43 pm
' 1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:23 pm
U:IS pin| 6:63 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:06 pn»
! Stopping: at Intermediate points as required.
¥vr particulars of stase and other oonnecttona
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, OX Market „
. ■street. San Fraxcclsco. __ - [■
AD VEBTISEMEiN TS.
S!SK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J& «>^fs <J -'** KEARNT ST. EstabllsUed
aflr. Gi bbon's Dispensary,
<>2f»KEAB3fTJ*T. Kstabllshed
In 1554 lo- the treatment of Private
Hj Diseases, Lost Man ,<1 Debility or
HSSwCfrsvgfc disease bodyand mindand
W SRSKHwBB Hk in Diseases, lliedoctorcures when
iXSKHgKsDtlieisiuU. Try him. C'hnrges low.
iflfifiisMiliilni t'nrt-»KsiarjMil«'«>d. Call or write.
J>r. J. Jt'. %»f BJSOX, Box 1357. 5 ac Franclsca
EAILBOAD TBAVEL.
MX TIII.KN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tralm l«i%ve nnil »n-f «la« to nrrlte nt
NAN lIUMISHI.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
hive — From Jvur. 1, 1899. — arkitb
7:00 a Rinicia, Suiaun and Sacramento. . . . oi43p
7:«r»J A Maryßvilio. Orovilluuurl Redding via
Woodland B«4Sp
7:00 a Klmira, Vacarille and Biungey B:4Sp
7::h>a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:lSp
»:»»« Atlautiolliprers. Ogdrn and Hast.. B>43p
MiSOa Ban Jose, LiTermore, Ktocktou,
lone, tSaeraineuto, Placerrille,
Maryßirille. Chico, KedUlufT 4iH»p
N:S«.\ •Milton, and bonora 4:lBp
0:00 a Haywards. Nilcs and Wij Stations. 11:15 a
0:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, i.athrop, Stockton.
Merced ■ nd Krosno. 12x1 5»
9:00 a Fresno, i>al;-r '.r-M. Saute Barbara,
Loe Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:4.1
1O:OOa Volltjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.1p
1 1 :OOa Haj-warde. Mies and Way Stations. 2:43p
12:00 m Kile*, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Ilanford, Vi»alia»
Porterviile 4:lfJp
•I:OOp Sacramento lUrer Steamers *8:OOp
3:OOp Haywards, Niles a::d Way Stations. 3:4 lip
4:OOp Martinez, San Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa. C'aUstoga, Bautaßosa OilO*
4ioor Benicia, Vaoaviile. Sacramento,
Wood .and. Knights landing,
Marysvilla. Oroville 1O:48*
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7ilsr
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:10*
3:0«p Owl. Tracy. Fresco, Bakers-
field, Sangus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles »:4Sa
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 18:15r
B:3Op Martinez, Tixcy, Mendota, Fresno.
t Mojave and l.os Angeles Si 49*
r>i3«»p Santa l-'o Kouto, Atlantic Express
for Mojarn and Kaat «:4Sp
«:O«i- r.urwpcuii Mail, Ogrieti and Kaet.... 9:43\
6:OOp Haywards. Nileo &nd Ban Jose 7:43 a
•6:00 - Vallejo 12:15p
7iOOp Oregon i;xpu>aß,fJHCruniento, Marys-
villa. Reading. I'ortland. Puget
Sound and Knst 7:4 9 A
{A:*«p Vallajo. Port Costa and Way Eta-
Mom tlOtßf
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lunge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{ 7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {8:05f
8:13 a Newark,Ccntrrvillc,BanJo3e, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SantaOruzand Way
Stations 3i3o*
2ilBr Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose, New
Aimaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I«i3««
4il»p San Jose, Glemrood and Way Sta-
tions. 9:80 a
64: 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7r«mSlll HUROISCO— toiI of Mirket Street (Slip 8) —
*7:16 9:00 11.-OOVM- 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 JB:OO •6:OOiV-.
frsmOiHHD— root ßroadway.— "6:oo 8:00 1000*. M.
1 12:00 "1:08 t2:00 *3:00 li:Q0 »5:00lMI ;
COAST DIVISION (Broad Oange).
(Third and Townseud Sta.)
•8:1Oa Ocean View, South Ban Francisco.' •oi3op
*7:OOa San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almadon Wednesdays only) li3ov
t7:B«A Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Rant* Cruz, Pndfio Grove and
Principal Way Stations tl:U|
9:*oa San Jose. Tres Finos. Santa Crux,
Pacilio Grove Paso Hobles, San
Luis Obispo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:l«p
lOt4OA San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 A
■ 1:SOa San Josa and Way Stations 3:30*
•»:45r San Mateo, Redwood, Monlo Part,
Ptlo Alto. Santa Clara, Kan .lose,
Gllroy. HolUster, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and l'aclfio
Grove •! 0:384
•»:3OpSanJose and Way Stations *0:OOa
•4«l3i> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•5:00 p San Jobo and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:! top San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
6:»0p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Snnasa' snly. t Saturday only,
bSaturday and Sunday / Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LKSSBHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Parry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRAN CISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK. DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12: Xt,
3:30, 5:10, 6:33 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trlf
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at VM
ana 11:30 p. m.
DAYS— B:OO. 9:80, 11:00 •. m.; 1:30. IM.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DATS— «:IO, 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:UL
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
I:SS and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. I -Mi.
6:25 p. m. !
Between Sao Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
■■me schedule as above.
Learo Arrive
Ban yranclsco. In Effect Ban Francisosv
, April 1«, —
Week Bun- 1b39. Bun- Week
Days. day*. Destination. days. Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:80 pro 9:80 am Petaluma, 8:05 pra 10:25 ana
6:10 pm E :00 pm Santa Itoea. 7:36 pm 6:20 pa
Fulton,
I JO am Windsor. 19:23 act
Healdsburv,
Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, 7:86 pm 8:20 pot
7:30 am Hop.and and 10:25 as*
8: JO pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:86 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:86 pm
1:80 pm ■ 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma !lO:4O am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. [ 8:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:15 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm | 7:86 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wet!
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Spring-*; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vieh*
Springs. Saratoga" Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'a.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springa,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
I Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
■ Westport. Usal, Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum«
: mine's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
i Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
1 reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st. Chronicle bid*
i H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
j MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1339.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:16 p. m., Returning Same Kvea~
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 3:31
and 4 p. m.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return, 81 40.
i THOS. COOK & SON. Agets.. 621 Market st.
.Weekly Gall, $1.00 wYear
9 -10
HENRY T .OXNARD
SAYS HAVEMEYER
MISSTATES FACTS
Answers the Sugar
Trust Magnate.
FALSE ATTACK ON THE TARIFF
WOULD DESTROY THE BEET
SUGAR INDUSTRY.
Says the Big Organization Is Seeking
to Divert Attention From Its Re
fining of Foreign Raw
Material.
Hpnry T. Oxnard, president of the
American Beet Sugar Producers' Asso
ciation, has prepared a reply to H. O.
Havemeyer'a recent argument before
the Industrial Commission, in which he
flatly contradicts many of Mr. Hav< -
meyer's statements and accuses that
gentleman of seeking; to destroy th-
American beet sugar industry in order
to foster the refineries that handle for
eign raw material, besides attempting
to divert public attention from the su
c-ar trust by attacking the tariff. His
statement In full is as follows:
In Justice to tin heir," sugar producers,
and as president of the American Beel
Sugar Producers' Association, ] wish to
■ hII attention to a few of the Inaccura
cies In H. O. Havemeyer's recent and
wonderfully fallacious argument i
the industrial Commission at Y\ ashing-
Mr Havemeyer makes claims which
not in any way substantiate. A fair
sample of his illogical argumeni is found
in the first line, which forms the basis
of his whole argument, viz.: "The cus
toms tariff is the mother of all trusts."
Mr. Havemeyer says that the tariff is
responsible for all larg< trusts, because
they are inordinately protected, except ■
the sugar trust. The two largest, in fact
er trusts in this country, as
every one knows, are th< Standard Oil
and sugar trusts. The Standard oil Com
pany doea not enjoy Its monopoly from
tlic "tariff, and the American Sugar Re
fining Company, according to Mr. Have
: receiv< s onlj ■"'•;■ per i ent protec
tion. How absurd, tht>n. is it to say that
the tariff is responsible for trusts. But;
right here T wish to dispute Mr. Have- j
c statement regarding the protec
tion afforded to sugar refining, claiming
that it only receives a protection of :■'■'• 2 :
i• :■ cent, in the Dingley tariff act sugar
refining receives a protection of an eighth I
of a cent per pound, and the testimony
produced before the Ways and Means
Committee, of which Mr. Dingley was
< hairman, brought out the fact that su
ic;;'.- in a modern refinery, wyh the best
machinery, well located, can lit- refined
ost of about a quarter of a cent per
We therefore find that sugar re
fining under those conditions is receiving
protection of not ;!'-. but . : ' :i per cent
ad valorem, basert on the o>st of refining
-Micar. The error in Mr. Havemeyer's
argument is that he arrives at the pro
tectlon to sugar refining based on the
value of refined sugar. In other words. :
basing the value at 3 cents per pound
and receiving a protection of only l.'j
< '■nts. Mr. Havemeyer would be right in
saying that he receives only a protection
of approximately 4 per cent; but Mr.
Havemeyer does not produce the sugar. ]
and his only interest is in the cost of
making raw sugar white, or. in other
words, refining raw brown sugar, and his
•ion must I>.; based on what the
< opt is of refining instead of the vaJu
the sugar which brings his protection
from 4 p^r cent up to 10 or 50 per cent.
The protection granted the sugar pro
rs who make the article of sugar
itself is 50 per cent on the cost of raw
sugars to-day, or identical with the pro
tion granted the sugar refining com
panies.
Should Mr. Havemeypr's selfish sugges
tions be adopted it would wipe out en
tirely the American home sugar industry
and all.'W Mr. Havemeyer to continue re
lining foreign raw sugars.
We must look to the reasons which led
Mr. Havemeyer to make this wonderful
and fallacious attack on home sugar pro
duction. In tii*' tirst place, he knows per
fectly well, aiT 1 can read the handwriting
on the wall, which says that the. produc
tion of sugar from sugar beets carried out
on the lines on which the industry is
I. pine developed in the United States will
finally result in producing the sugar con- ,
sumed by the people of thr- United States >
in a thousand beet sugar factories dotted |
all over the Union and render useless the
refineries on the coast. These factories
will employ a hundred m^n where one is
employed to-day by the sugar trust and
givf> the farmers the benefit of a protec
tive tariff on a new and profitable crop,
which is a desirable end to he obtained
for the agricultural classes, who art
usually benefited by any tariff protect
Mr. Havemeyer, a.s president of the
American Sugar Refining Company, !.s ]
perfectly right to do everything in his |
pnwr to protect thr industry he repre
sents, and his suggestion that raw sugars
—which -ato his raw material— should be
let in duty free is undoubtedly on the lines
most favorable to the sugar trust.
He suggests that sugar be admitted
duty free from Cuba, knowing full well j
that this would at the present tim^ pre- ;
vent the development of the home beet
sugar industry, which is a new industry |
in this country, only having had a prac- i
tical existence since the McKinley act, |
but a most promising one. and one which !
will, if fostered during the next ten or
fifteen years, supply the United States j
with their own sugar instead of sending ;
abroad over one hundred million dollars !
for this agricultural article of daily us<\
Another reason for Mr. Havemeyer's at- I
HENRY T. OXNARD, Who Champions the Beet Sugar Industry
ROBBED MAIL BOXES
FOR AN EASY LIVING
Eugene Franks Boldly Admits
That for Years He Has
Followed This Practice.
EUGENE FRANKS, "•>■ - was arrested Tuesday night by Detectives
Dinan and Reynolds, on Bush street, for stealing packages from the
top of .mail boxes, will have to answer to four charges of petty lar
ceny. The postal authorities cannot prosecute him, as the packages were
:iot within the mail boxes.
Franks is a man "2 years cf age and is one of the class Imbued with
the idea that it is undignified to w<;rk for a living as long as it can be done
by stealing. For several years he has made it a practice to steal packages
from the top of mall boxes, and ha* lived by pawning the articles contained
in the stolen packages. About two years ago the postal authorities received
complaints that packages martod had not reached their destinations, and
iho police were notified. Dinan ftßd Reynolds were at that time detailed on
the case, and they arrested Fi"»nks in the commission of the offense. He
was sentenced to six months in the County Jail.
Recently complaints were again received by the postal authorities and the
police were again notified. Dtnan and Reynolds suspected Franks, and they
shadowed him and succeeded in arresting him Wednesday night, while he
was in the act of taking packages from the top of a mail box on Bush
street. Yesterday they went to his room in a lodging-house on Bush street
and Becused a large number of packages that had been stolen and opened.
They were taken to the City Prison, and Postal Inspector Erwln was notified
and obtained a list of the addresses on the packages.
Franks was seen in the City Prison yesterday and frankly admitted that
he stole the packages, and was willing to assist the police and postal authori
ties in recovering the articles he had stolen from the packages and pawned.
He said he had no excuse to offer 'or his conduct, only that it Mas an easy
way to get a living.
The fault of leaving men like Franks open to the temptation of stealing
these packages does not lie with the postal authorities, but with boys em
ployed in stores, as a rule. They are ordered by tYieir employers to post tho
packages in the general postoffice or one of the branch offices, but instead of
doing so place them on top of the nearest mail bo* -and leave them openly
there to be removed by any one who has a desire ti> do so.
tack on the tariff in general, and the
home sugar industry in particular, may
be accounted for by his desire to dlrsct
the attention away from trusts and have
it centered on the tariff. The experiences
of depression following the Wilson act,
contrasted with the prosperity which BUC
ceeded the McKinley law, will hardly fool
the majority of the American people. Mr.
Havemeyer and others having selfish in
u-r.-sis to protect notwithstanding. Mr.
Havemeyer wants raw sugar free, and
favors Cuban planters against American
farmers. This might be an additional rea
son for his suggestion that Cuban sugar
should be admitted free, but the main
and, in my opinion, underlying reason for
his statement rests on the fact that he
sees the final destruction of the sugar re
fining Industry Threatened by the eomiit?
prosperity of the home beet sugar inaus
try. which is beginning to assume moat
important proportions, and which exists
to-day in Caifornia, Oregon, Washington.
Utah. New Mexico. Colorado, Nebraska,
Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois. Michigan
;ir;d New York, having developed phe
nomenally'in tho last two years.
There is no trust among the sugar pro
ducers of this country, and there never
can be, for the simple reason that the
beet sugar industry can be started in al
most any part of tlif Union.
I conclude by calling attention to the
fact that the home sugar Industry, which
Mr. Havemeyer claims to bo inordinately
protected, is not in a trust, whereas the
sugar refining industry, which he claims
does not receive oni-half of the protec
tion it requires. Is, -vfith the Standard Oil
Company, the pioneer of this new busi
ness consolidation known as trust.
T will not dispute Mr. Havemeyor's
claim that 10 per cent is sufficient profec-
Tinn to the sugar refining Interests which
he represents, but I do assert that he can
THE SA]^ FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAI, J UJ>TE 22, 1899.
| not make the American people bellev-
I that the industries of this country and I
| business prospered during the years we
i were struggling under the Wilson law,
! when the average protection amounted to
i 40 per cent ad valorem. If Mr. Havemeyer
< had said that keen and losing competition
In business led to the formation of trust-.
he would be right, for the tariff has noth
ing to do with the formation of trusts
HENRY T. OXNARD.
MANY MERRYMAKERS
AT SHELL MOUND PARK
STAR OF THE SEA CHURCH
GIVES A PICNIC.
Father Coyle's Parishioners Have a
Jolly Time— Fat Men's Race
Excites Unusual Interest.
The sixth annual picnic of the Star of
the Sea Parish at Shell Mound Park yes
terday was a grand success. Over 1000
' merrymakers journeyed across the bay to
the pleasure grounds, and there was not
one unpleasant incident to mar the enjoy
ment of the occasion.
It was a family picnic, and there wero
I many little ones present who were made
i happy by all kinds of amusements. There
were baskets of good things in profusion,
and after full iustice had been done to
| them dancing:, under the direction of
Musician Blanchard, was enjoyed.
At 2 o'clock the racing events, for valu
able prizes, were carried out under the
personal direction of Rev. Father J. P.
Coyle, pastor of the church. The fat
men's race excited the most interest.
There were four contestants: Officer Hen
ry Pyle, 210 pounds; Customs Inspector W.
P. Johnson, 209; Insurance Agent Harry
Kelly. 180, and Capitalist "Billy" Curttn,
185. In the vernacular, "there was noth- I
ing to it," for Johnson led all the- way and
came in laughing, with Pyle a good sec
ond. Kelly looked as if he had walked
around the track, and Curtin was "abso
lutely last."
Following are the winners in the various
races
Boys' race, 7 to 10 years— Charles
Qulnn; second. J. Qutnn.
Girls race, 7 to 10 years— First, M. McOinty;
second, L. Nordellch.
Boys' race, 10 to 12 years— First, "W. Barrett
second. H. Stafford.
Girls' race, 10 to 12 years— First, Anna He-
Donoui;h; second, Maybelle Coady.
Boys' race, 12 to 15 yearn— First. John Casey
second. Frank O'Donnell.
Girls" race, 12 to 15 years— Maggie Pot
ter; sacond. Mary McNicoll.
Young men's race, under 18 years— First
Martie Higgins: second, Tommy Logue.
Young- ladies' race, under 18— First, Eunice
Coad: second, Annie Slattery.
Young- men's race, over 18— First, Robert
Egan; second, J. A. Carew.
Young ladies' race— First, Katie Logue; sec
ond. May Mains.
-Married men's race— E. J. Heanev
second. W. H. Goddard. . * "
Married women's race— Mrs. Eveline
i ok; second, Mrs. W. A. Simonds.
Fat men's race— First. W. P. Johnson; sec
ond. H. J. Pyle.
Fat women's race— First. Mrs. J. E. Owens;
second, Mrs. .Tosie Ginocchi.
After the racing the guests repaired to
the pavilion, where they were entertained
with songs, dancing and the Cakewalk by
Bessie Rattigan.
Following are the committees to whom
the success of the affair is due:
Committee of Arrangements— J. Greeley. c
F. McCourtney, T. Farrell, P. Ward, J Casey
P. Farrell. W. O'Connell. H. < 'lyne, A. j'
Lynch, E. Leonard, A. W. McDonald T J
Glynn. M. Greeley, F. McHugh, J. Jennings'
G. McCourtney, J. Farrell, P. O'Nell, J. f'
Cleary, W. P. Johnson, James H. Dever. H. m'
Owens, M. Drury, H. Ellis, J. E. Owens P
MoHugh, W. Hanley.
Committee on Games — P. Farrell, J. Greeley,
J. Farrell, TV. P. Johnson, G. McCourtney, J
Jennings.
Floor Committee— H. M. Owens (floor man
ager), C. F. McCourtney, M. Greeley. W. P
Johnson, A. J. Lynch, A. W. McDonald Wil
liam O'Connell. T. J. Glynn. F. Ward.
Gate Committee— E. Leonard. F. M"Hugh, J
Greeley, J. Farrell, J. Casey, H. Clyne.
— — : — ■ ♦ ■ .'
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1028 Mission.
GREAT DEMAND
FOR LABORERS
IN THE COUNTRY
Good Wages Offered
for Willing Help.
CHINESE FILLING THE PLACES
MANY ORDERS GIVEN TO CITY
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Strange Situation Presented by Those
Who Would Toil and Those in
Need of Harvest
Hands.
Men walking the streets of the city beg
ging for an opportunity to work or ths
price of a meal and a place to sleep.
Farmers frantic over the prospect of los
ing their crops, representing time, labor
and money expended, because help is
scarce— almost impossible to secure at any
price.
Such is the peculiar condition of the la
bor market to-day. The laws of supply
and demand seem to have slipped a cog,
thereby stopping the machinery which
moves the prosperity of the State. A
number of prominent land owners holding
properties in several parts of California
have been obliged to send to the city for
Chinese and Japanese help to harvest
their crops because they were unable to
get white men at any reasonable price.
One of them yesterday in discussing the
situation stated that never in his recollec
tion has there been such a scarcity of
workir.gmen in the country as at the pres
ent time. From San Diego to the far
north the same complaint has been made,
and to-day hundreds of orders for work
lngmen are on the books of the employ
ment offices in this city. F. W. Zeile,
president of the Mercantile Trust Com
pany, had his attention called to the situ
ation, and in discussing the subject yes
terday said: "Within the last few weeks
1 have met a number of landowners from
all parts of the State, and they are com
plaining bitterly because they are unable
to secure help to get in their crops. These
farmers do not represent any particular
locality, but come from the Sacramento
and San Joanuin valleys, from the Salinas
and the Santa Clara districts.
"In the big valleys there is hay and
grain to harvest, and in the smaller \ al
leys the orchardists are beginning to feel
the necessity of having a few additional
men to help handle the fruit crop. From
what 1 caji learn, all kinds of good wages
are offered. The common hay and
handler can get from SI 25 to $2 50 per day
and found. The more expert harvesters
can earn more. Order after order has
been sent to the employment offices here,
and still they remain unfilled. There has
been some talk to the effect that the ia
boring men in the city have not the means
to reach tho farms and that is what is
keeping them from going into the country.
Whatever may be the reason, the fact re
mains the same — the farmers are sadly in
need of help and hundreds of irile men are
to be seen around the city every day ask
ing for work."
Inquiry proves that the lack of means to
get to* the places where work is to be ob
tained is not the reason for the idle men
remaining in the cities. It has always
been the custom for the employer to ad
vance the necessary money for the sturdy
worker to get to the country, the amount
of his f.-re bNng dfduetod from the first
money he earns. Whatever may be tine
reason for the worker and tho farmer not
coming together, the fact remains the
samp— there is plenty of work to be had
In the. country and the farmers are
ohl'gc d to fill th^ places of vrhlte men with
Asiatics. It has been stated that at the
present time the country is overrun with
men seeking work. A reputable gentle
man owning several farms in various
parts of the State asserted that nearly all
who have comn to his places are. nothing
but tramps, who are thoroughly unrelia
ble and worso than useless in any work
at which they can be put. These are the
fellows who are believed to be responstnl*
for keeping many worthy men away from
the country by spreading the statement
that work Is scarce; and "wages low. The
"hobo" is worthless at any price.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Long of Portland is at th^ Grand.
Fred Dodge, a Fresno hotel man, is at
the Lick.
W. P. Dean, a St. T^onls capitalist, Is at
the Lick.
R. H. Reigi, a merchant of Fresno, is at
the I.iek.
William Pnlmtng of Hollister is at the
California.
John Gerber, a hotel man of Lincoln, is
at the I.ick.
G. W. Smith, a merchant of Altamont, is
at the Grand.
Dr. H. H. Stephenson of Sacramento is
at the Grand.
Dr. C. A. Jackson of "Wadsworth, Nev.,
is at the Grand.
Frank Curtis, a theatrical man of Chi
cago, is at the Grand.
F. 1.. Wooster, a mining man, is regis
tered at the L,ick from Tuttletown.
L. C. Lawford, a mining man, is regis
tertd at the California from Victoria.
Ben C. Truman, one of the State Com
missioners for the Paris Exposition, i'j at
the Occidental.
"William V. Haseltfne, the artist, has re
turned from a trip throug-h Yosemtte. He
is again at the California.
Alexander Brown and Thomas A. To
lar.d, members of the State Board of
Equalization, are registered at the Lick.
Al Levy, a restaurant man of Los An
gelas, is at the Lick. He has just returned
from a trip to Europe and Is on his way
home.
State Senator A. E. Nutt of San Diego
arrived in town yesterday morning on his
way to New York. He is accompanied Ly
bin wife and child. He will be in the city
until this morning, when he will proceed
on his way East, i '
A telegram to the office of the Paris Ex
position Commissioners brings the in
formation that Q. W. Runyon, who has
been to Chicago in the interests of Cali
fornia, will arrive to-day. A meetlnsj of
the commission had been called for Tues
day, but on account of the absence of Mr.
Runyon it was postponed from time to
time. There will h<? a meeting to-morrow,
however, at the latest.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 21.— Mrs. J. Dutton
of San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue.
Mrs. E. T. Otis of San Francisco is at the
Imperial. W. N. Drown of San Francisco
is at the Holland. F. Schultze of San
Francisco is at the Belvedere. W. G. Mc-
Carthy of San Francisco is at the Gerlach.
The. following San Franciscans left for
Southampton on the New York to-day:
Captain S. Craddock, J. D. Medbury, Cap
tain Charles Goodall, Mrs. Goodall, A. A.
Gray, G. D. Greenwood, J. C. White, Mrs
White, Miss White.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 21.— J. M. McMulle
of San Francisco is at the Riggs House.
William A. Rogers of San Francisco is at
the St. James. General Theodore S.
Schwa n left Washington to-day for San
Francisco, en route to Manila.
McSweeney Hovel Burned.
The. filthy hovel at 12fi Tltah street,
i which up to within the last few days fur
nished a refuge for the aged McSweeney
sisters, is no more. The building, to
gether with everything it contained, was
burned as a sanitary precaution by order
of Dr. Lawler, the Hralth Officer, yeeter
day, with the free consent of the owner of
the property.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Mighavaeca, Napa, Dr H H Stephenson,
E C Creller, Cal I Sacto
J S Gattman, Sacto Mrs P S Boltz, Sacto
H H Noel, Hanford L C Guldager & w, Cal
H M *'rahb, Truekee Mrs X C Cope, S Cruz
F J Martin, Arizona Dr E & Jackman, Nev
A F Waltemere & w, !<" H Sinclair. Washrj
Belnmnt W B Fairfleld, Washn
J W Chandler, Chgo O yon Detten & w,
E Filipello, S Jose Stockton
E D Bern, Cal W H W Lybark. Cal
H G Day. Cal !S A Mclntosh. Cal
B S Jassett & w, Cal H Graf. Milwaukee
H A Van Fossen, Cal G W Jordan, Los Ang
J II Campbell. Cal j J N Vestal, Cal
W W Irish. Stockton |H S McOabb, Cal
A D Warner. Everett J S Howes, Colorado
Miss V Chandler, Chg Mr* X I, Garfleld, Cal
Miss N McPherson, J P Perkins, Napa
Chicago j A W Hughes Oakdale
R A Allen & w. Cal jj C Tice, Cal
Mrs H Greenbaum, i A Gibson, Cal
Seattle T Hamilton. N V
Miss Greenbaum, Seat Mrs M E Babell. Sac
G W Smith. Altamont Mis? E Feeney. Sacto
J M Long, Portland IMr and Mrs Beitzel,
Miss Long. Portland Sacio
N E Sehulze, Chicago C E Martinelll & w,
F Curtis, Chicago i Watsonville
II E Fisk. Chicago |J R Leppo. S Rosa
Mrs F M Chlttenden, W R Morgan and w,
Fresno i Cal
Miss Chlttenden, Fres F R Rlench, Sacto
A Luchessa, Cambria C R Benton, Cal
N A Pratt, Sanger A P Booth, Saeto
F S Bale & w, London A W Berry, Chicago
A Handford, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Rommel. U S N IB Donham, Cleveland
E Kluge, Germany iMrs Ogden, Cleveland
G B Burnett, St Louis C Vischer. Switzerland
F Burnett. St Louis Mrs F Vanuxem, Pa
I>r Thumi'son, Oakdale Misses Vanuxem. Pa
M Corblet. France T C Vanuxem. Pa
T Holmrake, Toronto N A Boynton, X V
S Bryan. U S N Mrs Boynton. N V
W F Reeder, Pa Miss Dickinson. N V
Mrs Reencr, Pa H Green, Chicago
A E Nutt, S Diego F E Baume, N Ztealand
F Hosier Ohio Mrs r.aum<». New Zeald
Mrs Hosier. Ohio W A Harris, L Ang
Baron Bismarck, Ger- O P Jenkins, Stanford
many A Ekstrom, Stanford
Baron yon Heyl, Ger- Mrs Kkstrom, Stanford
many Miss Athaway, S Raf
J A Fairchild. L Ang A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
.T H Orau, Madera M McWorter, Kern Co
W G Barlow, S I aioi R L Brings, Winters
J Ellsworth, Merced F Murray, Ashland
T Crawford, Oakdale H Dealey, Ashland
A Clark, Alameda A Frisbie. Winters
J X Rodman. BaltO W Peterson. Placervlll
C E Ellioty, Wash ;a S Priest, Fresno
J B Campbell, Conn Mrs Coleman &c, Ariz
G Thompson. N V DC Ross, Portland
N Beatty, Cal J de Sota. Rn?s Valley
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-_Jk
ING, June 22, at 7:30 o'clock. I. M. JJLjZ
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the r^r >
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. ft
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV.
EVENING. June 22. at 7:30 o'clock. "jTjif
Third degree. By order of the Master. *^T^
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Chaster No. 79, R. A. M.— |l~*
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ,J\ _
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission M;i-Xy
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission st. Royal /Vi
Arch Degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m~~
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN-
ING. at 7:30 o'clock, for Third Degree. jEJJf
Master Masons cordially invited. By » ▼ '
order of the Master.
___^ E. C. HARE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F.. will Initiate THIS EVEN- •^*2SgC-
ING, June 22, 1599, in Memorial
Hall.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH.
Rec. Sec. pro tern.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. .-- jT~
Called meeting THIS (THURSDAY* JL
EVENING, at 7 o'clock sharp. Third
degree. By order of the W M — rrJ^
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v tT\,
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3V, ii kTJ
ING. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell *$*%&£
st., at $ o'clock. A full attendance '^S'*
. requested. JOHN ROSS, Royal chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
BRITISH Benevolent Society jffif 1^
of California — are 4fr*£Sfl\J
requested to attend the fu- S^A/Jy \if»
neral of our late member. *^tJC!S\. •v^
MR. W. J. CALLING HAM. 3 STIVr"~V
THURSDAY. June 22 iTlllSf\|ra»
DAY), at 10 o'clock a. m.. *& - XS^-T^T)
from Grace Episcopal tonfifec'lisitW
Church, corner Stockton and 'VISOW*'
California sts.
W. CLAYTON-PICKERSGILL, Pres.
G. C. WOODWARD. Secretary-
A. O. H.. DIV. — Funeral notice: %a^^f
The officers and members of this \DW\|f
division are hereby notified to meet *St\V)H
at Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth street, to CCjKg?
morrow (Friday), at S o'clock, to at- *^CS
tend the funeral of our late brother. PAT-
RICK BRANDON. B. LEE. Pres.
• T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
ISSO-1899— GRAND annual picnic ~~^~
and family reunion of the Serv- ftlh/i
lan-Montenegrin Literary and "yyky
■Benevolent Society SUNDAY, HM^VrqSB
June 25. 1899, at California rJWm^iawßa
Schuetzer. Club Park. San P.a- R'SHOPjjn
fad. Boats leave Tiburon ferry. tKHtK-.11
foot of Market St.. at 9:30 and 11 «2ll|llijr
a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 r>. m. 'wgKW'
Special train will leave park at
6:30 p. m. Adult's ticket, round
trip, Including admission to the park. 50c.
Children's ticket, round trip, including ad-
mission to the nark. 25c. Grand tombola,
first prize, $30 cash, and over 130 other valu-
able prizes.  COMMITTEE.
LONGSHORE Lumbermen will meet at Sailors' :
Union Hall. cor. East and Mission sts. FRI-
DAY EVENING.- June 23, 1899. at 8 o'clock.
| All are Invited. By order of COMMITTEE.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
MRS. ELLERT'S Penny Club members address
Immediately box 4760, Call office.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings~~Barik
of San Francisco. 33 Post st. — For the half
year ending June 30. 1899, a dividend lias
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday
July 1, 1599. GEORGE A. STORY. Cash! er!
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Savings
and Loan Society. 526 California St.— For the
half year ending June 30. 1599. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per j
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable en
and after Saturday July 1, 1599.
GEO. TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St.. corner Webb—
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
1399, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent o,- term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1, 1899.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Officer-Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Erap. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day. Address or telephone MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, with 3 years' references;
also a Swedish first-class cook; both young
and strong. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
V MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and laun-
dress: $15 to $20; city or country. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter desire situation;
city or country; best of references. Apply
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl; best ref.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, also Scandinavian sec-
ond girl, also French nurse, best of refer-
ences, wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT
",&. CO., 316 Sutter st.
RELIABLE young woman, age 28. speaking
Spanish and English, just from England,
wishes position in city or Vallejo; Is gocd
cook and waitress or housekeeper. R. GUS-
MANI, 619 Post st.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook
or general housework in small family; good
! reference. Apply 1131 McAllister, nr. Fillmore.
i LADY who is a fine button hole maker and
finisher on coats wants position. Address
. box 4762, Call office.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
wishes two hours' work in the evening; ref-
erences. R. M. E., 723% Turk st.
WANTED — By , a colored woman,' work in a
small family or help do housework. Call at
1608 Leavenworth . St.
GERMAN woman wants a housekeeper's place
or chamber work or plain ironing in hotel;
- reasonable. Box 4718, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes , situation to do
- housework : I city lor country: 3 years', refer-
ences. Call 103 Van Ness aye., near Fell st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes situation to
do general housework or chamherwork. Call
for 3 days," 711 Natoma st., over grocery.
SITUATIONS ANTED— Continued.
RELIABLE woman wishes to work by the day
washing, ironing or cleaning; good references.
Apply 1322 C Valencia st.
AN elderly German woman wishes a situation
to do plain sewing and mending. Address J.
P.. box 14, Call. ■
WOMAN and boy 6 years wants plain cooking
and washing; city or country. Apply 410
Minna st.
YOUNG woman would like the care of child;
very fond of children. Box 4764, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like position to care for
doctor's office. Box 4721, Call office.
LADY pianist wants steady paying engage-
ment. Box 4722, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook with grown daughter
want work in same place. Box 4771, Call.
WANTED— by a German girl to do up-
stairs work cr nurse girl. Call at 217 Second.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
to do at home. SL'l Mission St.. room 1.
DANISH girl, just come, wishes light house-
work in small family. Call 476 Jessie st.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call 150 Fourth st., rooms 12 and 13, first floor.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day: laun-
dry or housework; $1 25 per day. The Women's
Industrial Union, 7 Van Ness aye.; tel. South
663.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants position to do
general housework. 127 Pfeiffer st, bet. Du-
pont and Stockton, Francisco and Chestnut.
DANISH girl wants a place to do general
housework. Call at 3152 Twenty-second St.,
corner Capp.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes place to do gen-
eral housework in small American family.
Address 314 Precita aye.
GOOD washer wishes towels flannels or plain
washing. 105 Prospect pi., off Sacramento,
near Powell, top floor.
WANTED— as housekeeper or com-
panion or sew. Box 4731, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires situation as housekeeper;
city or country. Call 106 Taylor st, room 1.
YOUNG widow desires a position as house-
keeper; city or country. Apply at 313 Sixth
st., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a position in
private family; left unexpectedly without a
home; assist in housework, attend an invalid,
make herself useful. MRS. W., 1037 Mission
st, downstairs.
RESPECTABLE trustworthy Protestant wo-
' man would like home In American family
where she can make herself useful; small
wages; city preferred. Box 4615, Call.
WOMAN would like to take care two chil-
dren; not too small; French family. Address
907% Pacific st.
YOUNG colored lady would like a situation to
do light housework and assist with children;
city or country, country preferred. Address
box 4608, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WAMED-MALE.^
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424.
STENOGRAPHER wants work; several --ears'
experience; is also bookkeeper and general
office man: best of references. Address H.,
211 Montgomery st. «
SITUATION wanted by American man, tem-
perate, reliable, as janitor or night water-
man; references. Address G. A. S., f/21^
Stevenson st.
HANDY young man wants work of any kind !
in city or country; references. C, box 4761
Call office.
AS bartender, by respectable single middle-
aged man, with good personal references;
town or country. Bartender. 87 Third st.
BLACKSMITH and horsesnoer wishes position
In city or country. Address box 4765. Call.
SOBER, reliable and industrious young man
desires position where he can learn some
business or profession; understands bookkeep-
ing: good at figures; good penman; refer-
ences: security. Box 4624, Call office.
RELIABLE young man, strictly temperance,
would like position as collector or in whole-
sale house or on the road: can furnish cash
bonds as security. Box 4620, Call office.
FIRST and second cook, German, English.
French and Hungarian style; first-class pas-
try: city or country hotel; references. 242
Natoma St., basement.
SITUATION as gardener by steady middle-aged
man; can milk, drive; handy with tools: mod-
erate wages; reference. Address box 4625, Call.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position In
large .hotel, boarding house, mining hotel;
has had much experience; city or country.
J. T. M.. 218 Stockton st. _^^
HELP WANTED—
A BOARDING house cook, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— 2 LAUNDRESSES, steam laundry, $30 and
$35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A— 2 WAITRESSES, hotel, Stockton, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl for Belevdere, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK for roadhouse, $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist In kitchen and dining room,
country, fare ' paid, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, $30 to $35 per month, boarding house.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter st
WAITRESS and chambermaid. Monterey, $20,
tare paid: waitress, Marin County, $25, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, springs, $20 each; 2 wait- :
resses, Ross Valley. $20; 2 waitresses, same
bouse, city, $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK, hotel, country, $40 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
WE WANT TO-DAY
Head waitress for first-class commercial
hotel near city. $30; head waitress, $25; 2
waitresses, Santa Cruz, to start Saturday;
waitresses for springs, water resorts, Stock-
ton, Visalia, Dunsmulr. Keswlck (mining
town), also pantry girl, $20 each, fare paid;
Fresno, see party here; Jamestown, $20; Oro-
vllle. $20; Monterey, $20; Williams, $20;
Healdsburg and city; plain laundress, coun-
try hotel. $25: fancy lroner. $1 25 day; 10
restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook for Pacific Grove, $30 to $35 and
fare, see party here S a. m
Woman cook for resort hotel, $35 to $40. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl. American family. $25; many
young competent girls for cooking and house-
work, $20 and $25; working housekeeper coun-
try. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED Cook, nice boarding house, $30; girls
for housework for Palo Alto, $25: Alameda.
$25: Protestant cook, no wash, Berkeley, $25;
San Rafael, ?. In family, $25; neat second girl,
$20, call early: German nurse, $20; waitress
for springs, $20; 6 waitresses for hotels, $20;
10 waitresses for summer resorts, $20; 6 wait-
resses for restaurants, $5, ?6 and $20- per
month; girls for housework in city, $20 and
$25; 3 Protestant girls, housework, $20 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO. 316
Suiter st.
GERMAN nurseglrl, $20; second girl, Oakland
$20; 2 housegirls. Belvedere. $25 each; second
girl, Alameda, $20; cook, $30; woman to as-
sist in institution, $15; waitress, country ho-
tel. $20; woman cook road house, $30; middle-
aged woman, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
LADY'S companion: refined country home; not
over SO; Protestant and willing to assist: sal-
ary $10 per month. Box 4720, Call office.
REFINED young girl to take care of five-year-
old child; call between 2 and 5 this after-
noon; references. 2203 Buchanan st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladies' wrappers, un-
derskirts and cording. Apply 338 Fell st. H.
FRIEDL.-\NDER.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in small
family. 2822 Pine St.
NEAT girl for light housework; wages $12.
1308 Ellis St. '
GIRL for light housework. 1389 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats and
apprentices on vests. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS and apprentices on custom vests.
339 Fifth st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; no washing
or cooking. 112 Second st.
YOUNG girl for light housework, $10. Call 12
Hartford sty- off Eighteenth, near Castro.
WANTED— For tailoring, experienced girls.
1175 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
GIRLS wanted— Experienced labelers on straw
board. 324 Fremont st.
WANTED— Waitress for restaurant. 406 Me-'
Allister st.
NEAT young girl to mind children and assist
with housework. 1009 Powell st. ■
FIRST-CLASS ironers on starch work. NA-
TIONAL LAUNDRY. 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Experienced girls fbFpfckle factory.
LEWIS PKG. CO., 625 Front st.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32 1 ? Fremont st. ; apply to Mr. Davis.
OPERATORS on ladies' wrappers: steady
work: good pay. STEUER. 109 Battery st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
wages $15. 2327 Bush St.
EXPERIENCED fur sewing t machine hands;
also finishers. ARCTIC FUR CO., 925 Market.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
custom shirts; highest pay: steady employ-
ment. ROGERSON, 636 Valencia st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. £}}.-
fornla Orange Syrvp Co., San Francisco. ■?.'..
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and I^abor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
Foreman for a mine, steady j0b.. 530 and fd
3 stove grate molders
Mill bench hand, $2 50 day
Patternmaker, north bottle washers, city
Boy to drive light delivery wagon, city, $.".
week
Tailor for Catholic institution.. s2o and found
Bootblack 2 office boys, $4 week
12 laborers, factory jobs
$1 50 day and $26 and found
TO THE GREAT. .WOODS AND SAWMILLS
22 crosscut sawyers 26 tree fellers
15 bark peelers spool tenders log fixer
1G jackscrewers screw turners ft ..
26 laborers for woods, mills and yards and
section :
FOR A STATE SENATOR
14 teamsters, fare paid 4 horses $60
14 LABORERS FOR GOVERNMENT WORK
27 laborers, 8 hours' work, no experience..
15 laborers, 10 hours' work, no experience..
CARPENTERS— BLACKSMITHS
5 carpenters, ranches, sawmills and bridges,
$3 day; 12 blacksmiths for ranches, camps,
shops, etc., $2 50. $2 day, $60, $50, $40. $30 and
found: 3 blacksmiths' helpers $45
BRICK M A —STONEMASONS
2 bricklayers for a mining camp $4 day
3 stonemasons: bookmakers and others help..
MARRIED OR SINGLE FOR
SAN FRANCISCO
teamsters and laborers and other help
$2 50 day
..TO GOLD. SILVER AND OTHER MINES..
150 laborers for 14 different mines, no ex-
perience required from
wages $60, $45, $30 and found
10 laborers to carry lumber to mine...sl V a v
FOR A CALIFORNIA BANK.. WTT.
14 men to pick fruit, work In drying rand
packing houses, help with other work, steady
job, $26 and found; this Is one of the best
places to work at In California. .ft
PAINTER — STABLEMAN
painter and paperhanger $3 day
5 stablemen, city and country jobs, $40, $30,
$25 and found
MARRIED OR SINGLE
TO FARMS AND DAIRIES
3 farmers and wives $40, $35 and found
26 milkers to all parts of California
$30, $25 and found
93 orchard, vineyard and farm hands, $30,
$26, $25 and found; 19 chore boys and men
for farms, $20, $15, $10 and found
butter and cheese makers
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
38 men for above fields
$2 and $1 50 day and found
3 header wagon drivers . $2 50 day
...WE WANT HELP FOR STREET CAR...
COMPANY
NOTICE 367 OTHER
men and boys wanted for different places,
from $105, $95 to $15 per month and found;
some at $5, $4, $3 day «
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
FARE PA1D. ...81G WAGES. ...FARE PAID
20 men to drive four horse teams, fare paid:
wages, $42 per month and found; 90 miles
from city ■
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st
TO-DAY '.
FARE PAID.. FOR ANYBODY.. FARE PAID
26 laborers, no experience required, for yards,
mills and woods of a great sawmill company.
$26 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
27 cooks for hotels, springs, resorts, farms,
mines, sawmills, railroad camps, saloons.
restaurants, etc., $60, $50. $40, $30 and $25 ar. W
found: 5 second and third cooks, $40, $35, %%j
and $25 and found; 12 waiters for hotels, res-
taurants, etc., $30. $25 and $20; also 2 camp
waiters and waiter boys 
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st
BAKERS
6 bakers and two assistants and boy to learn.
$40. $35. $2.", $20 and $10 and found: boy for
city milk depot, $10 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS.. PORTERS ..LAUNDRY HELP
. 6 butchers, shops, mines, etc
$58, $25 and $35 and found
Assistant butcher for mine $35 and found
4 porters for hotels and saloons.. s2o and found
Laundryman. hotel. 50c fare
Pantryman, and others
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
Head cook, $90; chef, summer resort. $50,
see party here; head cook. $17 50 a week; sec-
ond cook, hotel, $60; second cook, restaurant,
$45; second cook, country hotel. $40; second
cook, hotel, $35 and found: cook, country
restaurant, $50; dishwasher, $25; waiter, $30;
same place; third cook, $10 a week; kitchen
hand, country hotel, $25; night porrer, $20
and found ; bedmaker for a summer resort, $30
. and found: second cook for a summer resort,
near city. $35; baker's helper, hotel, $18 and
found; dishwashers, $15 to $25; waiter, $9 a
week; 2 porters, country hotels, $20 and found
each.
Washer and starcher, summer resort, $40
and found and free fare both ways; lroner.
steam laundry. $30 and found; a young man to
make beds and do cleaning, $25 and found,
for an institution, city.
MISCELLANEOUS
A man and wife with references to take care
of a country home, $40 and found, see party
here at 10 a. m. I
Foreman for grading gang, $3 a day. * P-
Sawmill blacksmith, north, $60 and found.
Blacksmith, ranch, $1 50 a day and found.
2 carpenters, long job. $2 50 to $3 a day:
gang edgerman, $55 and found; headline
tender, $55 and found, see boss here; Bur-
leigh drill men, $3 50 to $4 a day, see boss
here: stableman, country livery stable, $30
and found; 7 farmers,- $3O: and others.
RAILROAD WORK
100 teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen, $1 75
to $2 50 a day and free fare.
6 men to build rail fences, $2 25 a day, free
fare, call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO «
104 Geary st ,
WANTED— Fruit farmer and wife. $80; fore-
man small fruit 'ranch. $30; farmers, $30 and
$1 50 day; ohoreman, $25; 10 laborers for brick
yard, $30; 25 laborers for mines, $1 S5 to «M 0
day: 20 teamsters. $2 day. fare refunded;
boys for store, $3 week; 10 woodsmen. $35 to
$40, • fare advanced; tunnel men, $2 to $2 75
day:- and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine, $2 day and
board; 7 Scandinavian, German or American
miners, $2 50 day. see boss in city: machin-
ist for country, $3 day: carriage painter, $2 60
day; wagonmaker; young stable and chore-
man for private place, $25; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country, $55; bread
and cake baker. $40; ranch cook, $15; cook,
small country hotel. $3". rare advanced;
fourth cook, $10 week; restaurant waiters.
$6 and $9 week; dishwashers. $25: night cook
for camp. $35; and others. .1. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento st. j
5 MEN, handy with carpenters' tools, for
mines, steady job, at $2 per day ."
carriage painter $2 60_ per day
Scandinavian laborers for mine. $1 7o to $2 50
per day; cooks, waiters and others; 4-horFe
road teamster to haul milk near city, $30
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED ,-•;
machinist for country shop
$3 per day and steady Job
blacksmith's helper for ranch, $30 and
found ■■•■■•■•.■■■- • ■ m
farmers., near city, $1 on, $1 ,a per day: *
milkers for Humboldt County, see boss here.
$30; 5 more laborers for brick yard, near city,
no experience required, $30 and board; experi-
enced tanbark peeler, $40 and board, long
job; and 100 others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st. _____^__
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Chef and
second cook, mine boarding house, $100: cook.
$60; 3 waiters, $25 to $35: kitchen hands and
dishwashers, $15 to $30; help for springs and
resorts: 2 laundrymen, country, $30 and $35;
apprentice, $15, etc.
SECOND cook, $45. steady job; waiter. $25; bar
porter, $20: country hotels. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st
SALESMEN— S4OO a mo.; all expenses guaran-
teed: selling to merchants Arctic Refrigerat-
ing Machines for cooling refrigerators; 75 per
cent cheaper than ice; exclusive territory.
Arctic Refrigerating Co., Cincinnati, Ohio.
WANTED— man to assist light, gen-
teel work 9 hours per day: duties easily
learned; must be satisfied with $16 per week;
small capital required. 1032 Market st., rm. 4.
PAINTERS— work. 1508 Kentucky St.,
bet. Twenty-second and Twenty- third; 7:30
a. m.
WANTED — Intelligent, reliable man for r£
sponsible position, $20 a week; must have $110
cash security. Western Invest. Co.. 9 Geary.
WANTED— Man able to milk from 15 to M
cows; do chores around place: wages $]&
Call at 1529 Howard St., see proprietor.
BARBER wanted steady. 217 Fourth st.
GOOD barber for 'country: steady job. App^f
871 Market St., opposite Powell.
GOOD barber wanted. 302 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Bench carpenters. Apply at BAD-
ER & FINKE'S. Fifth asd Bryant sts. y ; v^
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 1703 Devl^V
dero st. , .
2 HORSES HOERS on custom work and repair-
: ing. ,202 Second st. ■ - -
"WANTED— Strong boy to work In fruit 6tor«.
Apply 930 Fillmore st. . W t %HELP WASTED- Continued.
WELL-EDUCATED boy. 15. learn architect
business. 14 Thui . block.
WANTED— IB men to nnd clean, central, cheap
rms., Lsc, SOc ■ ,ht; hkpg., SI 25 up. SS 3d st.
SOLICITORS to take, orders on staple goods;
factory to consumer. 1171 Mission at.
zzz
WAITER wanted. Golden West Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted In barber
shop. 238 I I'Farrell st. .. -
DISHWASHER wanted. Mechanics' Hotel, 446
Brannan st.
BOY with experience In butcher business.
Turk and Pierce sts.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1205 Fillmore st..
near Turk; wages $1 per week.
BOY in temperance grocery; $5 per week Box
4767, Call oflli-e.
BOY wanted In a picture store. JONES 547
Mission st.
WANTED LJpi leather cutter and men for
steady work in shoo factory. Apply at D H
WKNTWORTH & CO.'S. SO3 Delaware "at "
West Berkeley. i'al.
TO go this week 500 pairs men's shoes. som«
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes
f lightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st"
bet, l>t and 2d j^j^Pen 5 a. m. to 9 p. m. '■'
FIRST-CLASS Dresser on ladles' tailor suits
and Jackets. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny.
MAN C° work on pieced tinware. £21 Howard
F EMERSON.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade for
$5 at 1542 Market St. •
$250— 15 c BARBER shop and baths; close to
n«w racetrack: this Is a great chance
.STOLTZ, 63Q Market s _^ *•"_*****■
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 519
Filbert st.
WANTED— Laborers an.l mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large,
rooms; 260 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
Btera on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont- j
gomery st. |
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to 1
60c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sta.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. X Steuart st.
WANTED— Bxpert dump men and powder men
for stem shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON. 210 Spear St.
BARK Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164. I
BARBERS — 25c shop In prosperous lining ]
town for sale; $50. H. W. ATKINS. Ophlr, j
Cal. I
WILSON House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth- i
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water: free j
baths; electric lights; elevator ;2oc to $1 night. \
WANTED— pick aud shovel men at $1 75 per ■
day. Devlsadero and Broadway, city.
BUSH, 421, above Kearny Choice rooms; gas
and stationary was) B1 15c. 25c up.
WANTED — men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 600 to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery- i
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 26c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm. j
MEN and women to learn harber trade at S. F. I
BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth St.
ELLIS, 321 fßosedale House) 160 rooms, day, !
week or mo.: rates, 25c to $1 per night: re- j
ductlon to permanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS— 11. SHEPARD & CO., attor- !
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market. !
BINGLE rooms, 15r. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
tr> $2 50 week Eleho House, S63H Market st.
TRY Acme House, !>.*7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night; $1 a week. i
WANTED— To collpct wages due laborers and I
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st. ]
WINCHESTER H0te1744 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; re.iiina: room; free
'bus and Ipacrcage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. "
BELL Magic Heel ProtPctors. sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre: -■•■ 25c. BROWN, 382 Bush.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisro. J. T. EVANS. Real Estate and
I-i.an«. Mill? building.
!
lIHMTIH. wasted.
JENSEN Furniture Store, 79 flth. buys, sells,
exch. new & Id-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
WANTED— Dresser of the sixteenth century I
style. I?*'') Hugh St.. store.
WAXTED- MISCELLAXEOUS.
PIGEONS— Few hundred pair. J. DAVIDSON*,
58 Tbere?a St., near Missi.*n road.
WANTED — To hire 100 flr«t-cla*s scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. a.
STONE. Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must be fine.
Box ICS6. Call office. ' \
DENTISTS.
A^fm. t! "s HIGGINB' Denial Iparlor
Market st.. ever Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
.'irtlstic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold !
filling, from $1: other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; fif-Hh colored plates, from
.*'•; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
<per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and :
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth with a plate; fill- '
Ings 50c; rrowns. $3 50; plate?, full set, 5-".;
nil work painless and warranted. CHICAGO I
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
V. 50 up; plate?, extractions free. 'i 50 up; of- i
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p, m. : Sunday, 9 to 2 ;
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager. !
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly hy his wonder- ;
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received v first i
prizes: no students; guaranteed . 12 years. :
FT7LL pet of teeth. '- fillings, 2'c up; gold I
crowns. i 3; gold bridges, $3 up: painless ex- j
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW .
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission -' . cor. 6th. j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144?, Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bri It'- work and fillings a i
laity; all work reasonable; gas given. i
VAN VROO'I* — P"alnlp«s pxtractlon hy electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. '.'! ( 7 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filiincs, 50c up; crowns,
$?• up; open ev'jts. 850 Market st.
PET of teeth with a plate. DR. H. G. j
YOUNG. Vii Polk Ft.
MUSICAL INSTRIVF.\TS.
AB~wTare Belling good upright pianos for $6
ca*h and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- i
gate and approve this method; prices are the ,
rame as If purchased for rill cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 anl j
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., |
Pi»inway dealers, corner Kearny and butter j
FtF . Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth an.l
Broadway, Oakland. !
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest bouse
west of Chicago Ib KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2". '.- and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades |
find prices; term* easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAIN! — Another big lot pianos put on ,
?a!e rhorip. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary: tel. I_rkln 708 j
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
IT A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to ?,12 P,>st Ft.
A-UPRIGHTS. jca p; Installments. $5 75 up;
rent*. $2 up (allowed on pale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
the famous )i rnung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308 i
Poet »t. ;
W. O BADGER 415 Sacramento Ft., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. ■ lIMITZ, IS
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABJ planes: new scale: n<w styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. S.i O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. i
MULLER, maker, repairer. 1 Latham place. I
>■> ■-'■i-'nth. 106— Branch office of The Call.
c,,v,.-r.r<r.tlrin« and nds taken.
FURNITURE roil SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for ?4*» 80. with No.
7 rangp. King Furniture C 0. .'1 127 -11 SI Market.
SEWIXG MACHI.\__.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone M nt 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 MUsion, nr. 15tb.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, runted; re-
»alrlDe at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ■
BUSINESS CHANCES. j
A— S2OO; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$10; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co.. Call
K. G. vVTLKE, 906 Market st . ,
A— -$3OO— CIGAR store with club rooms and
laundry office: choicest location; close to I
Powell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. O.
WILKE. wo Market st.
A— sBso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
Bion; living rooms; rent low; lease: a
first-clas-s paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. '
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town. IS miles from the city;
rent $13, including flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. MM) Market St.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY in lively country town; j
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$26; horse, wagon. living rooms; a good pay-
Ilng business. Call R. G. WILKE. MM Market.
A— s4:o; BRANCH bakery In the lilssion:'4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clear- about $100 per month. R. G. WILKK.
ft '" Market st.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar: living
rap. ; one-half block from Wleland Brewery;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a ;
rare chance. Call K. G. WILKE. 906 Market. ;
$1000— FRUIT, fish and oyster store; best part
city,; north of Market si.; established 15 years;
receipts $20 to $2j daily; actually worth $2000;
reasons for sacrifice. M. LEES & CO., 7G5 Mkt.
$400— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south |
of Market; rent $25; owner selling on account ,
of other business. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 36 miles faom city; ■
route of 135 regular customers; receipts from ;
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 765 Market St.
?4CO— OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
Market; must be sold at once on account of
oilier business In country. M. LESS, 765
Market Ft.
A CIGAR stand; centrally located; bargain
this day; (200. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
A— DELICATESSEN store; must Bell; sickness !
cause of sale. COWING & CO., 935 Market Bt.
$200— CIGAR, stationery, notion and candy
store; 5 sunny rooms. COWING & CO., 995
Market st.
CARPENTER and Jobbing business; bar- i
gain this day. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777*4 \
Market St.
$1000— BAKERY; prosperous country town of I
4000; store and wagon trade $20 day; supplies
4 towns with bread; fine opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES. 565 Market st.
$500— SALOON north of and near Market St.; re-
ceipts $25; rent $35; best bargain in city; must
be sold. National Agency, 783 Vi Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In light business; $15 I
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re- j
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
FOR sale — A half Interest In . country news-
paper; oldest in county; largest circulation;
good business; county seat; politics Repub-
lican; terms cash; finest climate in Call- !
fornla. Address FRED LORING. Lakeport.
STOCK and fixtures of grocery for Bale; well
stocked; old established business: lease pro- |
curable: Inventory open to Inspection. For i
information apply to CURTIN & BEALS, :
room 24, third floor, Mills building, or at
store, northwest cor Fillmore and Turk sts.
PARTNER wanted; $250 required: party must
have best of references; sober and indus-
trious; no other need apply; saloon business.
Address 263 Minna St.; no agents.
MILLINERY store; well stocked: fine location: !
very cheap. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON &
CO., 1706 Market st.
BLACKSMITHING: complete. outfit, tools, I
stock, etc.: central: large shop; cheap rent;
cash or part exchange. S. H. HERRING.
Los Gatos.
$150 — BRANCH bakery, notion, grocery, cigar,
stationery. 4 rooms; rent $15; paid until July ;
11; good reason for selling. Box 4719, Call. j
ACTIVE business man can secure Interest in
paying legitimate business: small capital and
energy required; Invi sate., ref. Box 4766, Call.
SNAP; French restaurant doing tine business,
with 22 rms., all rented. BASILB, 873% Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar Inquire Wle- :
lnnd Brewery, Second st., near Folsom.
FOR — Shoe shop; reasonable; owner re-
tiring on account of old age. 533 Geary st.
FOR sale '; — i saloon in flourishing country '
town; very reasonable. Apply 501 Market st. |
FOR sale— A first-class bakery, baking 3'_. bar-
rels, with a good route, 2 wagons and 4
horses and a line store trade. Address box
4757, Call office.
FOR sale A well-recommended dairy and dell-
cacy store in beet business order at very rea-
sonable figure. lioy Folsom st.
$15 — STORE, use of fixtures; good for dress-
maker or small business. 353 Fifth st.
OIL lands. SOc per acre; in the oil bHt; get in
on the ground floor this week; don't buy
shares of imaginary value; get land at first I
cost and incorporate company yourself. J. !
J. EVANS. Real Estate; money loaned to and |
for you; Mills building; 20 acres for $10.
OLD established saloon and dancing hall for j
rent, and stock and fixtures for sale on ac- ,
count of retirement from business of owner.
Apply to McEWEN BROS., 11? Montgomery. |
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-class !
business; good location; 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office. |
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures in; rent j
reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor. Clement st. ■
Take S-;tro car.
GOOD lee route for Bale. Box 4763 Call office. j
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 234 O'Far-
rell St.
SALOON for sale; In good location. Inquire of
63C Third st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good place for
French restaurant. Apply USA Ellis.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'P.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400— ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. 1000 i
22 rooms; on Howard st 500
MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450.. I
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800 j
5-room flat, near Emporium 250
15-room house; worth $GOO 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. 1020 Market St.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
18 rooms; Geary st. : $300 cash, balance
payments of $10 monthly $650
29 rooms; rent $33 50: north of Market; $450
cash, balance payments $10 monthly $700
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
"■' ROOMS, all oak furniture and new carpets,
for sale by order of Probate Court; The Marl-
borough, 104 Eddy st.: permit from our office
only. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— JRo'D — la-room lodging house, rent $40. clear-
ing $50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
'.■V, Market st.
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms; first floor doc-
tor's office; selling for best reasons; 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY, 917 Market st.
FOR SALE— WeII-paying lodging house of 12
nicely furnished rooms; rent only $25; price
$225: no agents. Apply 130 Second st.
>'•' ROOM lodging house: centrally located;
best in city; bargain. COWING _ CO.. 935
Market st.
$2."O— LODGING house 3S rooms, all furnished;
rent $15. 1324 Stockton Bt.
$3*io— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson st.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand' machinery. Mc-
INTO.SH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, Bold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
HANDSOME thoroughbred fresh young short-
horn cow; a pet; rich milk; 20 quarts day.
1312 Folsom st.
BEAUTIFUL cluster pearl Bcarfpln, worth
$I's, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MILCH cow for sale cheap. 8020 Twenty-sixth
st., cor. Alabama,
FOR sale, cheap — Cabinet grand piano. Apply
844 Valencia st.
TELEPHONES Pair of electric phones; good
as new; $10. 1616 Polk st.
FOR pale— Complete hairdressing business;
central: Btore and fixtures; also furn. living
apartm'ta at'ehed; rent cheap. Box 4622, Call. !
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
BURKE, 139 i: ■ale st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant; M hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 li. p. $125, 3
I, p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants, $2 18: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial, j
A-$2 :>0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Prl<*a ■ Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pine, i
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE i
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— know the whereabouts of
THOS. DEWEY, brother of ANN and
FRANCES, who left this city about IS years '
ago. Address box 4723, Call office.
WANTED— To consult with shipmaster or 11-
-censed mate In reference to new rig for ships;
model and drawings shown; remuneration
guaranteed. A. V. SMITH, 2413 Howard st.
$; 60— 1000 BILLHEADS, cards, note-heads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 522 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
LEDERER' S QUINTONICA is a delightful
tonic; stops your hair from failing out and ]
effects a healthy growth; 350 bottle.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
cbenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
GO to LEDERER, the hairdresser; latest
vogue in hairdresslng, 25c; see Foamo
Shampoo exhibit in window, E»c i.kij; switches,
$1 up; hair rolls, 10c. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty. j
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign !
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. ;
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester i
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 760 rooms; '
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; |
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical 1
capes taken charge of for physicians, sur- I
geons and private individuals. 131S Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post Bt.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladle*' tailor-made suits; low
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 13C6 Stockton et
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec- i
tion;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 614 Pine, ab. Keany. ,
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order I
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome. (
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Foloom lit.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufaor.g. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. b»t. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Wefk'.y
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. !
postage paid.
DRESSMAKERS.
387 GEARY St.- Dresses made. $5 up; dresses \
made over; perfect lit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium, '
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free. .
SPIRITUALISTS 1 mass meeting to-night, 117 '
Larkin St.; Bishop Moreland's sermon on J
"Spiritualism" answered: Mrs. Schlessinger,
John Slater and others; 10c.
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and .
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; test circles j
Wednesday and Friday eves.; 10c. 1344 Sixth.
SPIRIT messages to-night by MME. YOUNG,
605 McAllister st., 10c; ministers and skep- ;
ties invited.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual test medium; slt-
tlngi daily. 10 to 4; residence ISO 9 Stockton st.,
near Greenwich.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S meeting to-night. Tem-
ple of Truth Hall, cor. Twenty-second and
Bartlett sts., near Valencia; admission, 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent «lat«- I
writing medium. 118 Halfrht St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Hon.. 8; 25c: Bluings. $1. 233 Valencia «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
i
CLAIRVOYANTS.
v **~^- i
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wiEh to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor In occultism and Is master i
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom I
you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st. i
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and '
card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, 60c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk, i
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman. from ,
New York: scientific palmistry, astrologist: i
readings :.0c and $1. 512 Tenth St., Oakland.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12. j
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c: ladies only. ;
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
ny st., room 34; French and English spoken. <
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye., i
room 6; card reading and chiropodist.
MISS KING, card reader; 25c and up. 1032
Market St., room 3.
RAY FAIR, returned: wonderful gift of second
sight and card reading; parlor 3. 15 Powell. ;
MISS GEORGIE TAYLOR— Returned; card
reader and palmist. llQi-i Turk st, rooms 1-2.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St., room 2.
MRS. EDWARDS, clairvoyant and card
card reader. Room 7, 520 Bush st. first floor. !
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmstry. 203
Post st., room 1.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 28M> Geary st., rooms 1 and 3.
GYPSY QUEEN has returned; clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 to 36. |
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader and palm- j
ist. 120 Ellis st.. room 6.
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. 18 Lewis st., off Taylor, nr. Post. |
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and !
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card j
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission. '
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrlpt: parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st. '
YOUR future told by cards, 2f.c; Sunday hours, i
1 to 10 p. m. 326 Ijorkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; J3e. j
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 23c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. j
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the ;
United Statea. postpaid, for *1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Oer-
malne. 616 Geary St.. above Joues; tel. Hyds
2621; reading by mall. $1. '
PROF. GEO. DOVE, phrenologist, 1241 Mar-
ket; examinations, $1 : children half price.
YOUR fate Is In your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MMX. GERMAINE. 900 Market St.. r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 816
Rush St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
J. iTROLOOY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium: minerals i
located; lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister. j
HORSES.
FOR SALE— One span bay horses, weight 3415
pounds; half-brothers and well matched: 4
and 5 years old; well broken. Inquire at Ar-
cade Stables. Dixon, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness : Grand Arcade Hors? Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR Shetland pony. 4 years old. Ap-
ply Rew Drug Co., Alameda. ,
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business ,
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. sue- !
cessnrs Kllllp & Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES^
LIGHT fancy driving cart; nearly new; a bar- !
gain. 64 Alpine st., between Broderlck and i
Devlsade.ro. j
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, ■
buggies, mirreys and horses. 1140 Folgom st. ■
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., '
722 Mltiilon; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black 111.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. |
Office. 4CI Post at., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711. ,
__________ „
PHYSICIANs7~
DRTcf C 6 7 DOKN___r VftJce and re6lU*Dc«,
1021 ■,! Market st., bet. tin ana 7tn.
4
HOUSES TO LET.
A— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords; I
houses houses houses houses I
flats ..flats flats..... flats j
cottages cottages cottages cottages
downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HOUSE, 11 rooms, $25; for rooming house. 623
Second Et. ____^____
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery St.
VERY fine house, In perfect condition; 3356
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first st. '__
VERY pleasant house, In perfect condition; 3386 |
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 1 rooms; rent !
very reasonable; see it.
$25— HOUSE, sunny rooms; 9 rooms and bath;
large basement; front and back yard; modern
Improvements. 2726 Mission st.
FI'H.'VISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOWARD, 646— New house, handsomely fur-
nished; running water and closets; in both
suite* and single rooms.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms, i
bath, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores. !
FURNISHED FLATS.
HARRISON, 415— Furnished flat of 3 rooms and :
bath; rent reasonable to responsible parties
only '
FLATS TO LET.
A NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly furnished: rent
reasonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35
Turk st. •
BEAUTIFUL modern 7-room corner; middle
flat. 113 Webster St., near Halght.
ELEGANT new sunny 7-room flat; all modern
Improvements; $30. 1607 Laguna St. j
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 911 A ]
Guerrero St., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-
second.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. .
FLAT— 6 rooms. $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10 25.
623 Second st.
FOR sale— s7s; flat of 5 rooms, completely fur-
nished; good sewing machine; rent of flat, $12.
Call from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.. 1011& Mason st.,
entrance Ewer place,.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
POLK, 1539— 8 newly furnished rooms and bath;
will let all or part; terms very low.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard — Nice, clean sunny j
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY upper flat, 6 large rooms and bath.
566 Bryant St., near Fourth.
$13— 4-ROOM flat, 128 O'Farrell St.. upstairs.
opposite Orpheum. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$20— ELEGANT flat, 5 rooms, bath. 46 Elgin
Park, near 13th St., above Valencia.
$12— FLAT, 4 nice rooms; bath; yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
$15— SUNNY middle flat, 4 rooms, bath, yard, j
in Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
LOWER flat. 5 rooms and bath: newly
painted. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ADELINE, 954. Oakland— Pleasant sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
near local.
BUSH, 1203, nr. Hyde— Flat of 3 or 4 rms.
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath: piano.
ERIE. 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat: convenient; garden; $13.
FIFTH, 353—3 clean furnished housekeeping,
$13; also large front room, $7; hall room, $5.
GEARY, 666 — Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites for hskpg.; other rooms; tel.
GEARY. 1917— Furnished and unfurnished flats;
each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars;
gas; every convenience; $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 rooms complete for \
housekeeping: references.
HOWARD, 525, bet First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1113%, nr. 7th— Front sunny frnshd. i
rms. for It. hskpg.; also single, $1 week up.
IVY aye., 223, nr. Franklin— Pleasant 2-window
front room, stove, $5 month: also single, $4. |
MARKET, 1028 — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; furnished complete; folding bed.
MINNA, 539, near Sixth— Large front sunny
room furnished for housekeeping; and other
rooms.
PEARL, 3, cor. Market— Two connecting rooms
furnished complete for housekeeping; $10.
SIXTH, 21«»- Nicely fur. Funny front rooms;
single and hskpg.; running water; reasonable.
SITTER, 1111— Furnished rooms, single and In
suites; also housekeeping; terms reasonable.
PUTTER. 2203—2 to 5 furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; call forenoons.
THIRD, 251, nr. Howard— 4 front sunny rms.;
connected; suit, for hkpg; single, $1 23 wk. up.
THIRTEENTH, 741 A. nr. Fillmore— One double
or single parlors, kitchen, both furnished, by
lady alone.
TURK, 543— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $2 50 per. week;
also single room.
TWELFTH. 145 — sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; also 3 rooms; gas and water.
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath, sink.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— 2 or 3
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry;
no children.
VALENCIA. 100 C —Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath: no children.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegantly furnished
sunny flat, 3 rooms and bath; complete for j
housekeeping; northeast corner; only perma-
nent, responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye., 1021, near Geary— Front sunny
suite; kitchen ; gas range; bath. '
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny -Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas. ; transient.
BALBOA, 104:' Market— Changed hands; first-
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER, Prop.
BOHEMIAN, 2,f> Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conveni-
ences; tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class refs.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. US— Sunny desirable rooms, $6 up per
month; front rooms, $7 to $15.
EDDY, 303, corner Jones— gunny bay-window
corner rooms: double beds; homelike.
$1 A WEEK — Large sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 322 Fifth st.
FOURTH, Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
GEARY. 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
ning water, $20 mo.; hkpg.: others, $150 wk.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
GROVE, 425%— Nice front room, $3 50 to steady
party.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room;
running waitr: private family; reasonable. 727
Golden Gate aye.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 3T9 Sutter, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
JONES. 608— Small room In private family; !
rent reasonable.
MARKET. 783 V& — Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1210, nr. Bth— Handsomely fur. suite
of 3 rooms; Ist floor; private; modern con.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo. I
O'FARRELL, 129 A, nr. Powell— Neatly frnshd. ]
rms.. bath; gas; quiet; home comforts.
POWELL. Newly fur.; new management; I
single, double, transient: next to Columbia.
POWELL, Changed hands; everything
new; sunny rooms; suites and single; run-
ning water. .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent i
light; reading room, smoking room and j
ladle*' parlor: rooms, per night, 85c to $1 50; j
week, $2 to $S: month, $8 to $30; elevator on j
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths., j
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st. I
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms; j
suitable, for office or single; $1 up.
STOCKTON, €03— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle, ; double and housekeeping rooms: near
Powell and Calif ornla-st. cars. ' l
iF'in'ir»inhi«:»miini*-'i ■ -ffrarAryirii -iwOTWi'flrpMinnrtfrii— mubimj t-t+itm iJifffiiyilßl^s^s^s^s^s^s^s^s^s^sM
ROOMS TO LET— Con tinned.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming hous»
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 25, near Market— Sunniest rms. in S.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 542— Large sunny bay-window front
_room; 3 blocks of City Hall; bath.
TWEXTY-FIHST, 38H— Large sunny furnished
front room; suitable for 2,
ROOMS \\n HOARD.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor. I
BEAUTIFUL sunny alcove rooms suitable tor .
2; grand view; desirable location; strictly I
private. 628 Oak st.
HOTEL Victoria. 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional. |
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg; board optional.
SUTTER, 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for Infants; only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice '
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
Bta&d; corner Market. California and Drumm :
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
STORE and 3 living rooms, $10. 2941 Mission.
Inquire 294,, Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
A LARGE sunny front suite: new house; run-
ning water; suitable for doctor or dentist.
646 Howard St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 10714 Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A BURS, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who £re sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients. ;
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and |
confidential; home treatment, $5; no lnstru- I
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money |
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy !
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to |
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment {
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all I
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- '
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed ;
at any time when others have failed; travel- |
erR helped instantly and fan return home the !
same day; no instruments used; cure at office, I
J5; home In confinement; skillful medical at- !
tention; all can save time amf expen-e by con- i
suiting the doctor. fre», before going else- ;
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde .->i,d Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and I to S
p. in.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies, I
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace'
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, j
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home, i
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market Bt. ;
pills. ?1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments u«*d; guar-
anteed cur? at office, $5: travelers helped In-
Btantly; consultation free and confidential; j
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123 Maricet st., Jietween
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
t" «! p. m. ; Sundays, 30 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped !
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation \
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years. I
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny Bt. I
A — DR. G. W r . O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femace specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, froir. whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucettsfully more cases of irregular!- |
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money; '
treatment can be uted at home; consultation ;
free: call or write. IG23W Market st. j
DR. WONG 'WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and j
herb sanitarium. 784-766 Clay st.. San Fran- '
Cisco; nil diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nesa h?rbs. over 3000 varieties being used:
cdvice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 j
and 7 to !> p m.
LADlES— Chlchester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at ,
druggists. ChlchestT Chemical Co.. Phlla.
AT.Ti female complaints cured In 24 hours; well-
known, reliable, safe and sure: maternity
home; no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 22$ Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladles know "Peguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Ft.; $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacrnmento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with i
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until' too late.
OPCOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215". Mason St.-
Privata home in confinement; ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced, j
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 4.1 d \
and Linden. Oakland; home in confinement; j
children adooted out. Take Grove-st car.
Dlt. AND MRS. WKGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
avp. ; private home in confinement; babies!
adopted Into good homes.
MRS. ACHAHD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 158 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnptant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement: best ot
attendance. Address box 527. Call office.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason : ; t.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENgTn^^RING School" civil and~nTlningTas^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mln- I
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method. I
ELECTRICAIj— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. -
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice, i
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stage |
technique: 15 Instructors; degrees conferred; j
day and evening elnsfx"s. Address secretary I
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fell '.vs' big. S. F. I
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
Fcholarshlp, $50; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly in 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. |
LAW Schools, P27 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad- I
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. C2O Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English taught;
coaching specialty: vocation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
Iness 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send in PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
SOO McAllister st.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. M.«t!i 3!t4. GEO. "WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per ynrd: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East T25.
CO-PART.Nr.RSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the copartnership
existing between ASHMAN & BURKE at 139
Beale st has this day been dissolved by mu-
tual consent, and the business will be con-
ducted In th-» future under the firm name of
the undersisned. J. BURKE.
CITY REAI ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150— $100 EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS. SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $20 I
down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H st. Open
Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $950 each— A few choice cottages with
wells, near llisslon-st. electric car line; on In-
stallment;:.
$100— Ocean View lets: easy terms,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker Building.
THE choicest lots In Richmond on the elevated
pround. sitely and haying the marine views:
only 3 left; 25x105 each: ready for building;
all street work don-: electric cars pass every
few minutes; Tenth aye., east Fii'.e, close to
Clement ?t.: signs on the lots; those looking
for a choice location for a home will buy
these; fust the spot to build on; price only
$690 cash; nothing to equal them. W. J-
GUNN, 4in Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north at Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call en W. J. GTJNN, 410 Montgomery.
PARKER aye., 13G— 2 houses aud lot 2">x120,
$2000; terms to suit. Apply Owner, in rear.
CHOICE business property 65x115, on Mission
St., near Twenty-sixth. Inquire 2943 Mission.
50x80— TWO choice building lots cheap this
week; see owner. 1897 Folsom st.
$1300— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 27'ixlOO. 229
Diamond st., between iT'th .md ■.'nth.
A WEEK'S new? tot 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1G pages, in wrapper, for mailing, ?1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NoOXAN. 1017 to li L' 2 Mission St., above
Sixth; teleph ne South 14
ANY amount at O'j per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. s.
HIGHLY respe. -table and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1844.
LoTS of money to loan on property in or near
Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged:
flat loan or Installments. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON, Broker, 10."S Broadway, tiaklan.l.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
Vianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 '!'! Ird st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indurser. HILL, room 44. Merchants' Ex-
change.
TO borrow m'noy quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans, Mills bdg; notify; will call.
REAL estate, fi per cent: 2d morts.. chattels,
etc. Harper & KreiKer, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 113 M ntgomery.
ON furniture pianos, -without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY, T. 92 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing:.
STRAIGHT tip: co where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason et.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money se° H. MURPHY. W Mnrket.
LOST.
LOST— Leather music, roll; initialed C. D. J.
Liberal reward at 400 Steiner st.
LOST— Japanese pue. black and white; liberal
reward. 2700 California st.
LOST— Valuable papers around Montgomery,
Market sts. or Phelan building; liberal re-
ward for return. 705 California St., rms. 31-32.
I.< >ST- Minx boa at Grand Opera House mati-
nee. Saturday; reward $5. Return to 125 San-
Borne st.
LOST— A fur boa last Sunday, between Market
st. and Fruitvale. Return to 760 Fifth st.,
Oakland.
LOST— Brown Gordon setter doff on Fruitvale
nve.. Fruitvale. Return to Hotel Renner,
Fruitvale, and receive liberal feward.
OAKLAND iDYEETISEPNTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTAi'SE.
$90 UPWARD— SS cash. $.* monthly; build your
own. home or we will build for you: stop pay-
ing rent: Gallndo Tract, the cream of Fruit-
vale property; adjoining East Oakland; view,
poll and climate, the streets graded and
macadamized: sewer and city water; near a
fine school and car lines: nice neighborhood;
up-to-date cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; a bar-
gain; call or send for circular 4,'."j Seventh
St., Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
G. H. LEE.
$90 UPWARD— Jo cash. $.'> monthly: build your
own home or we will build for you: stop pay-
Ing rent: Gallndo Tract, the cream of Fruit-
vale property: adjoining East Oakland; view,
soil and climate, the streets graded and
macadamized; sewer an. l city water; near a
fine school and car lines: nice neighborhood;
Up-tOidate cottages. 5 and (> rooms; a bar-
Rain: call or send for circular. 4 r r, Seventh
Bt., Oakland; carriage free. H. '/.. JONES,
Owner.
OAKLAND FIRXITIRE FOR SALES.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
f u rn i t ure dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASIFPV REAL KSTATK.
$1000 CASH, balance equal to rent payments: a
new 7-room house: large lot; l block to local
and 1 block to Park St., Alameda; see it.
WM. P. TODD & cc. 1060, Broadway, Oakld.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) UOAUO.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
rour.ds: urivnte. MRS. Pit. FI'XKI-.HH <'h.
IIKRKELKY REAL ESTATE.
THE blpßest barpain yet: near the university;
7-room house; large lot; street work all done;
price $1600: easy terms. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, Berkeley station.
BEFORE buying in Berkeley see our splendid
building sites in the scenic park; adjoins the
university prounds; you don't have to walk
S or 10 blocks to and fro from coll»se. O'G.
MAY & CO.. ?1?3 Cent-- st.. Berkeley.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice is. hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Its office, room 13, S2O Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.!
SATURDAY. June 24, 1599, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for fix months commencing
July 1, 1599. and ending December 31, 1599.
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions, of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder wlil enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any (juan-
tlty over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans" Home of Califor-
nia, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Dl recto*-?.
J. J. BCOVTLLB, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES^ i
Notice Is hereby Riven that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1. ls9<s, and i
ending September 30. 1599, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions 3. Butter. 4. Coal. [. Flour and '
millstuff!". 6. Coffee, tea and chicory,
Bids will be opened Friday. June 30, 1599. at
7:30 p. m.. at the home, corner Thirty-Sixth ;
and Teleprarli avenue. Oakland, Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc.. can be had upon j
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured in California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing Fupplies are in-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. 3. MEREDITH, Secretary, j
COUNTRY REAL ESTATES.
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1899, '
. At 2 o'clock p. m.
ON THE KERWIN RANCH. "'-
THE KERWIN PROPERTY— ORCHARDS.
.HAYWARDS BUSINESS PROPERTY.
HAYWARDS SULPHUR SPRING.
The property comprises 50. 33 acres of the finest
soil In Castro Valley; 65 acres are planted to
cherries, apricots, prunes, currants and goose-
berries. The improvements consist of a modern
house of S rooms, barn, well and windmill. To
be subdivided to suit.
The business property adjoins the Haywards
Hotel, and but one block from the center of
town.
The Sulphur Spring lot contains one acre. The
properties of the water are well-known, having
been of great value to invalids.
A free lunch will be served on the grounds.
Free busses will convey purchasers to prop-
erty.
For catalogues and further particulars apply
to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
63S MarkM St., San Francisco; Haywards Hotel,
Haywards.
NEW rich land near city; small and largr<»
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 famllleH; 7500
acres We. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st.. S. F.
FRUIT, glair and Stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM * CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IB pases, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1.
rootage paid. '
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE).
NICE Improved residence in Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small im-
proved farm in bay counties; must have good
water facilities. Box 4625, Call office.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advancs
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James Q. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing-, 82C-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH O.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and (TJardianshlp; Bth floor Crocker bide.
L. 8. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William C. Pornin and Etta Bray 23-23
Charles F. Maio and Minnie M. Cheatham.2s-22
F. W. Laughlin and Minnie J. Armstrong.. 42-33
David Baker and Rosa Wif-chert 28-21
Franklin R. Haley and Clara E. Schaertzer.22-20
Jacob Unpoff and Sadie E. Laietsky 22-19
Jacob Harband and Sarah Strauss 31-2"5
Otto A. Bartholdy and Frederica B. Junker.36-3S
Lorenzo Ottobune and Lecidlna Ferrare..
Michel Lapeyrl and Marie Escoubes 27-28
Clarence A. Swett and Mayme E. .8r0wn. .21-1?
Edward Durkee and Elizabeth White -21)
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the game published.
BORN.
JOHNSON— In Alameda, June 18. 1899, to the
wife of August Johnson, a daughter.
PARNOW— In this city. June 17, 1599, to the
wife of Theodore C. Parnow, a son.
MARRIED.
NICOLSON— HESS— In this city, June 20, 1899,
at the Evangelical Emmanuel Church, by the
Rev F. W. Fischer, Peter Nlcolson of San
Lorenzo, Cal.. and Louise Amelia Hess of
San Francisco.
___
~i)IED.
Brandon. Patrick Long. Edson
Callingham, Wm. J. McQuaid, Mary
Gillespie, William F. Ogden, Maria L. O.
Harland, Mary Ross, Martha S.
Hoffman, Johan Swift. Mrs. Mary E.
Holbrook. Charles Vogelsang, Millie
Klock, George W. Young, Barker C.
Lansdale, Lieut. P.
BRANDON— In this city. June 21, 1899, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Ann Bran-
don, and father of Patrick, Henry. Joseph,
Eddie J., William, Mamie and the late Owen
Brandon and Mrs. Sarah Hanrahan, a native
of County Galway, Ireland, aged 59 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, *32 : '. Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CALLINGHAM— In this city. June 19. 1899,
William .1. Callingham. a native of England,
aged Dl years 11 months and 3 days.
(C?The funeral services will take place
at Grace Church, corner of California and
Stockton streets, this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock. Interment private, in Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
GILLESPIE— In Honolulu, May 17, 1599, Wil-
liam Francis, beloved son of Ellen and the
late Michael GiJlesple, and brother of Mrs.
M. F. Murphy of Oregon City, Or., Mrs. Jo-
seph McCoy. Joseph Gillespie and Llllie and
Georgie Murray, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of .1. C. 'O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy and Scott
streets, for services at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARL&N'D— In this city. June 21, 1899, Mary,
relict of the late William Harland. and be-
loved aunt of Mattie and Maud Latham, a
native of Ireland, aged M years. ,3gfSß
dr.TFrien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3579 Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, June 20. 1899, Johan
Hoffman, a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
KLOCK— In this city, June 19, 1899, at his resi-
dence. 2507 Twenty- fourth street. George W.,
beloved husband of Addle E. Klock. a native
of Germany, aged 60 years 1 month and 24
days. /'
\ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission
street, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
car from Thirtieth street and San Jose ave-
nue.
HOLBROOK— In this city, June 20. 1899, Charles
Holbrook, a native of Massachusetts, aged
47 years.
LANSDALE— funeral services of the late
Lieutenant Philip Van Home Lansdale of
the United States Navy will be held at St.
Luke's Church, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street, to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock.
LONG— In this city, June 21. 1899, Edson Long,
a native of Vermont, aged 79 years.
McQUAID— In Smartsville. June 20, 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of John McQuaid, and mother of
Mrs. William Carey, Miss Mary, Miss Maggie,
Frank. Joseph P., Thomas E. and John H.
McQuaid. a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 63 years 8 months and 5 days.
OGDEN— In this city. June 20, 1899, Maria L.
Goodenough, beloved wife of Benj. F. Ogden,
end mother of Mrs. Josephine Carpenter of
Republic City, Kans., a native of New York,
aged 55 years and 23 days.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission
street, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
ROSS— In this city. June 21. 1599, Martha S.,
beloved wife of Alex. G. Ross, and mother
'of Alex. Ross, a native of Ireland, aged 57
years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SWIFT— Tn this city, June 21, 1899, Mrs. Mary
E. Swift, a native of Rochester, Mass., aged
S9 years.
VOGELSANG— In this city, June 21, 1899, Mil-
• lip; beloved daughter of Eugene and Nellie
Vogelsang, granddaughter of Michael and
the late Catharine Lydon and Mrs. Emelia
Vogelsang, and niece of Mrs. Mary C. Me-
Feeley, a native of Sun Francisco, aged 10
years 1 month and 9 days.
YOUNG— In this city. June 20. 1899, Barker
Curtis, beloved husband of Minnie Young,
and father of George H. and Edwin C. Young
and Mrs. G. W. Gilbert, a native of Maine,
aged GC years and 10 months. (Auburn, Me.,
and 'Boston papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2721 Jackson street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guererro streets.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERf,
. 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1112
C.P.HUNTINGTON'S
FIST CLOSED IN
PALTRY GREED
The Magnate Dislikes
Californians.
AND DISPLAYS PETTY GRUDGE
HE ATTEMPTS TO SQUEEZE THE
OLYMPIC CLUB.
He Is the Only Bondholder Who Re
fuses to Remit the Interest on
His Investment for a
Short Time.
C. P. Huntlngton has given another
Btriking exhibition of his extreme par-
Fimcmy and utter lack of public spirit.
For the sake of a niggardly income of
$250 a year for five years he has earned
the contempt of the Olympic t'lub and
its well wishers. Fortunately the rail
road magnate has done no harm to the
splendid organization, which Is now the
oldest athletic club In the world and
one of the most famous. That no harm
was done is, however, no credit to Mr.
Huntlngton. He did the club all the In
jury in his power and deliberately ac
cepted the proposition that it might go
• ace before he would con
■ to sacrifice his paltry interest on
t "lymplc «'!ub bonds. This is another
example of his treatment of idti and
institutions, which explains the opinion
of Californians in reference to him.
He now occupies the unenviable posi
tion C'f being the only Olympic t'lub
bondholder who stood In defiance of the
measure intended to save the club. All
the other bondholders, large and
small, some holding nine times as many
.bonds as Huntingdon and others nine
times less, agreed gladly tv do as they
were ask. d. It will be remembered
that in 1892 the Olympic Club issued
bonds to the value of $"-'25,000, the bonds
bearing interest at 5 per cent. The club
i Itself able to pay interest upon
its obligation up to June, ISSS.
en the interest fell into arrears and
the club now <nves its bondholders
about (12,000. Affairs were not the
brightest under these conditions, and
an agreement \\ ;i s made that if two
thirds of the bondholders were willing
the interest would be remitted for tiv>
lining with June, jv<v A pe
ri was circulated and the bondhold
ers were asked i<> sign it. Mis. Stan
ford not only agreed i<< sacrifice the
interest which v, ;-.s due tv her and will
ue, but ordered all her bonds can
.. thus making the club a n<
gut of $5000.
.J"h!i \Y. Mackay owns $25,000 in
Olympic Club bonds and did not know
the fan until lie was ask'-d to give up
the ii ■ five y^:<rs. He readily
1 t<> il" so. The following bond
holders, with the amounts representing
tli' i i- holdings, ha-" agreed tv do the
James 1.. Flood, $20,000; H. M.
Newhall <v Co., $5000; A. \V. roster,
$6000; T. Hopkins, $5250; .1. UcDonough,
. ';• ■• -■ ' 'rocker, $5000; Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, $5000; I>. • >.
.Miils. $5000; \Y. '>!'.. Macdonough, $5000;
Anglo-Californian Hank. $3000; J. Ro
senfeld & Son, $2000; Russ family. JllT.'.';
M. H. de Young, $1500.
All of these bondholders agreed to re
lnit the interest and then C. P. Hunt
infrtnn, who <.\\ns (5000 in bonds, was
;(sk»-(l to do tli" same. He refused. He
was told how necessary it la for the
club to receive the assistance which
■was demanded, but Mr. Eiuntington
The i lub could go out ut
existence before he would give up hia
•rable $250 a year. H<- declared that
he saw no reason why he should assist
any of the institutions in a communltj
• here he is disliked. Besides ii Is a
business transaction and business is
The club must satisfy its ob-
Mr. Eiuntington. No amount
of pleading would prevail upon th<
mRn and the effort was given up in diS
gUSt.
Notwithstanding Huntington's mean
ness the Olympic Club will be saved.
]n a very few days it is expected thai
the necessary two-thirds <if the bond
holders will have Bigned th>ir names
and the Interest will h>- remitted. This
will mean a total saving of $60,000, or
$1000 a month— a tremendous Item in
the expenses of the club. The Fair
estate holds $45,000 in the bonds of th^
rub. but both Herman Oelrlchs and
Charles Fail- have promised to remit
the interest as Boon as the necessary
legal steps can be tak.-n. The execu
tors of the C. F. Crocker estate, which
lias ?]o. (Mm in bonds, have promised to
do the same and this assures more than
the necessary two-thirds. ]t should noi
be forgotten that scores of small hold
ers have signed and deserve fully as
much credit for their action as" the
h * ler holders.
With the remission of this enormous
pum in interest the Olympic Club will
begin a new era of prosperity which
every well-wisher of athletics will ii»
glad to see. And Mr. Huntington prob
ably will invest his $250 so that it also
may earn interest.
Jloft cash will buy you a brand new
piano at Mauvais', 76!' Market street. *
She Won Her First Case.
When Hi" ease of Edwin Stachli, a boy
charged with battery upon Clarence Ma
.ledo, another boy. by knocking him down
in front of a car on Point Loboa avenue,
was callerl in Judge Graham's court yes
terday a young lady. Miss Ella Mosher
appeared for the defendant, n. n. David
son ]iM«I been retained In the <-as.- but
was unable to appear, and ?.-nt. Mis^
Mnshcr. After th.- evidence wh< all In
Miss Mosher moved for a dismissal on
the grounds that the evidence was Insuf- I
• and that the complaining witn< -
was owing to his Hgt- Incompetent to tes
tify. The .Ju.li^e dismissed the case and
complimented th»- young ladj on the alili
manner In which she hud conducted ih>
case for her c)j,-nt.
A CARD!
The impression being abroad that Mr. '
J. F. Wulzen, who submitted bids to
the Board of Supervisors for furnish
ing supplies to the Fire Department, is!
in our employ and that we are inter- I
ested In the proposal, we beg to say
unqualifiedly that we have no interest
directly or otherwise in the bid sub
mitted.
Mr. Wulzen is not in our employ, hay- I
Ing resigned his position some time
since, the resignation having been ac
cepted to take effect June 1, since which
time he has not been connected with ,
us.
In explanation of Mr. Wulzen having
deposited one of our checks with his
bid, it being necessary .to deposit a 1
check with all bids for municipal sup- I
plies; we have to say that Mr. Wulzen '
asked us as a personal accommodation !
to obtain a certified check for him as f
he had no banking facilities. |
We accommodated him to that extent, j
being fully secured. Our connection
with the entire transaction began and ;
rnded there. We had no knowledge
whatever of the various items on which
he intended to bid nor of the prices i
which he proposed to submit, never 1
having even seen the schedule. Re- :
spectfully,
• BAKER & HAMILTON, j
Eale's.
Summer shirt waists.
Daintily pretty, suromery, airy, up-to-trje minute styles.
Too pretty to describe— too reasonable to be more than a pin-
money buy. A thousand or more scrambling to "get their
names in the paper."
Percale and Lawn Shirt Waists — 7 dozen, broken lots of all
kinds. All sizes can be found in them from 32 to 42. These
waists sold for 75c, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00. To close the lots
the price is made 50c each
Percale Shirt Waists — 10 dozen, assorted checks and stripes,
the new laundered fronts, all sizes 32 to 40. Regular price of
this lot $1.25. To close 75c each
Percale and Pique Shirt Waist? — 5 dozen, extra quality,
the new laundered fronts, all sizes 32 to 40. Regular price this
lot $2.00. Reduced to close $1.25 each
White Pique Shirt Waists — In stripes and plaids, colors
medium to light, season's latest effects, all sizes 32 to 40. Reg-
ular prices $2.50. Reduced to close $1,50 each
Shirt Waists — Fancy checked, 3 dozen, colors light blue and
pink, very fine, sizes 32 to 38. Regular price $3.50. Reduced
to close $2.00 each
Fancy Pique Separate Skirts — Tailor-stitched seams with
flounce bottom, this season's latest patterns. Regular price
$5.00. Reduced to close $2.95 each
Heavy Duck Covert Separate Skirts — 5 dozen, full tailor
finished, perfect hanging and extra width $1.00 each
New dressmaking parlors — expert dressmakers here to help you
select and make you a saying besides.
STRANGE STORY
OF LUBELSKI'S
MISSING GEMS
Thief Tries to Get a
Reward.
'Ih" Lubelski diamonds have been
found. A man who Hid not steal them
has broken into prison in his efforts to
prove that ho knew all about a thief who
did. Honesty has been rewarded and an
other police mystery lias been cleared up.
The Lubelski gems disappeared last
Sunday afternoon in the most mysterious
fashion from th»- Lubelski residence, 307
Golden Gate avenue. Th»> lady of the
■ and her husb tnd were dressing pre
paratory to making a few calls. The dia
monds, a brooch and a pair of earrings,
>aid to be valued at JISOO, were taken l>y
Mrs. Lubelski from their case and plnced
with the little canton flannel bag that
Ined them on top of Mr. Lubelski' s
CLIFF HOUSE SEALS BEING
PEPPERED WITH BULLETS
MRS. BEX BUTLER. the Btatellest
matron of thp seal herd on »he
rocks at the cliff House, was
Btretched at full length yesti r
flay on what sntiy prove to be her
deathbed. Humlreds "f visitors to the
result watched her us she lay motion
less on the sunny slope of the central
!'Mk, unmindful <if the circling sea
nulls above or of her youngest Bon,
"Spoons," Btretched out below her.
Early in the morning the attaches of
the <'iiff House had their attention
called to the rocks by the unearthly
barkings of the dame. She k<'i>i them
up incessantly, and as this vociferous
ness was something entirely out of
line with the Conner conduct of "Mrs.
Ben," much curiosity was aroused. It
\\:is noticed that her barkings wen?
accompanied with convulsive jerkings
of the body, and the conclusion wan
reached that i-he had been wounded :;:
some way. .Major Daniel Webster
Moore, the seal sharp at the Cliff
House, trained his binoculars on the
restive amphibian, run] after a hasty
inspection announced that she had a
gash In her back fully six inches long.
This fact, coupled with the knowl
edge thai "Bill McKinley," the big
bachelor seal. was. lying on the rock to
tiie northward covered with wounds
and moaning low responses to the atf.i
nized groans of "Mr^. Ben," confirmed
Mr. "Wilkins and his employes ii; their
belief that some person or persons un
known were potting the seals of the
herd. H is suspected that the guilty
parties are Italian fishermen, who are
taking this means of killing off the
denizens of the rocks, who they
claim destroy their nets and liberate
the fish. For several weeks it has been
.inticed that nearly every boat that
leaves Fishermen's wharf carries a
magazine rifle, which is certainly not
TIIJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1899.
Hales.
Summer begins June 21. Autumn begins September 23. Winter begins December 21. Spring begins March 20.
Shirt waists— wash goods— summer stuffs.
Summer began yes-
terday, June 21. h|ot,
dusty days cori)ing —
days wfyen sewing is a
drudgery and stropping
is worK. — lay -around
days — days when an
afternoon nap is part
of trje program and
light, airy, summery
overcoat, which rested on a chair in the
room.
Before Mrs. LrtibHski had occasion to
need the gems her husband decided to go
out and get a cigar. Be gathered up his
overcoat and departed. He had not been
u<ine live minutes when his wife began
looking for the gems. She hunted high
and low until hi? return, but could not
even see a sparkle. When I^ubelski got
back he was informfd of the loss of the
jewels and he "joined in the search. The
united vlgilanceNpf l>"th was unsuccessful
and the Lubelskis puzzled greatly over
the Inexplicable myßtery of the disappear
ance until Mrs. Lubelski remembered
that her husband's coat was on the chair
on whirh she had laid the gems.
Lubelski searched himself and his over
coat, but did not find the missing jewels.
Then he bethought himself that they
might have got tangled Tn his coat and
been carried out to the street, where they
dropped. This theory was proved to be
the correct one. I. ubelski's search outside
■■f his house resulting in the discovery of
the bag minus the jewels. Somebody had
)>i( k'-'i the stones from the bag before
their owner arrived. V
Lubelski immediately notified the police
and offered :i reward of SHH), "no Questions
asked," for the return of his property.
He heard nothing of it until yesterday,
when a colored man. who gave the name
of Charles Walker and claimed to be a
hostler, dropped into his pawnshop on
Fifth Btreet with a story that he could
secure the return of the gems. lie said
he knew a thief he called "Joe Reardon."
who had them and was willing- to giv»
th*»m up if he got the reward and was
promised immunity from arrest. He said
used to kill fish. "Bill McKinley" un
doubtedly fell a victim to their aim,
although Seal Expert Moore says that
1 fie wounds on the presidential seal
were gained in a dispute with another
bachelor dubbed "Mark llanna," who
disputes the northernmost rock with
him.
Phil Bekeart, the well-known sports
man, made a discovery one day hist
week that tends to confirm this belief,
lie war; over on the Marln shore with
several friends when he noticed a seal
swim ashore. It was badly wounded
and nil bloody and died soon after
making land. Bekeart and his compan
ions made an examination of the body,
and found indubitable evidences that
the seal had been shot. The frontal
bone and the bones about the left ear
were shot clear away in such a manner
as to Indicate that a mushroom bullet
had done the work. The victim was
undoubtedly one of the Seal Rock herd,
maybe "Grover Cleveland," who has
been absent from the rocks for several
(lays.
No matter who is doing the shooting,
it is being done, and "Mrs. Ben" and
"Hill M< Kinley" are the only known
casualties. The fact, however, that a
number of the well-known denizens of
the rocks have m>t been noticed bask
ing for several days on the sunny
Hales.
fabrics are needed for rjealtt) and con)fort.
Putting up fruit to=day ?
It's tiroe— cherries alroost gone— peaches and apricots coming in
the rr)arKet by carloads. \\o\n about the fruit jars, jelly glasses,
etc.? Not necessary to pay more than Hale's prices.
jg|v Mason fruit jars.
Everybody uses Mason's jars — same as cvt — a true
friend to home canning — makes more canning successes
than any other jar.
1 pt.— soc doz. 1 qt.— 6oc doz. 2 qt.— 7se doz.
C^2lJ Extra rubber bands for old jars — 5c doz.
B Jelly glasses.
• And when the jelly is used they are good for table
use— no rough edges— better than usual. In the
bazaar at
25c dozen.
<^^. Jelly-bowl strainers.
s **K^ fcJ<^<rC7777f^^ Same as pictures — good and
strong— you'll need one. In Hale's
W^g^gf bazaar
5c each.
Fruit press.
>^\ An up-to-date arrangement
jT /[__ __ cleaner, quicker, easier, handier
<^-^— — •~'»p^ \\£-zr~ "^ than the old way — can be used for
%V "V * a potato-masher also. At Hale's
25c each.
Preserving kettle.
Steel enameled — holds 3 quarts — always clean as can be — heavy
and durable— the best preserving kettle we ever saw for. each
*£^GpGfr GOODSI^ 0^
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
he was willing to take Lubelski at once
to the custodian of the stones.
The pawnbroker jumped at the chance,
took $100 from his safe to make the dicker
with "Reardon" and started with Walker
to find him.
The negro walker] Lubelski to Jones and
Sutter streets, near which junction he said
the man wanted could be found. When
they arrived there "Reardon" was not In
.sight, but Walker was nothing daunted.
Turning to the owner of the vanished
stones he told him that "Reardon" was
afraid to be seen on the streets, but that
if the pawnbroker would give him $13 he
\\i uld go to "Reardon." get the Jewelry
and upon returning would collect the re
maining $85 from Lubelski. That gentle
man could not pee It that way. He insist
e.d upon completing the transaction per
sonally with "Reardon." Walker reluct
antly consented to this and walked his
companion several more blocks on the pre
tense of looking for the man with the
gems.
By this time Lubelski bad arrived at the
conclusion that "Reardon" was a myth.
He declined to hunt longer for him. and
induced Walker to accompany htm to hi«
place of business. Arrived there, Lubel
skl managed, through one of his clerks.
tn communicate with police headquarters
while he held the negro in conversation.
Detective Graham arrived at the store a
few minutes later, and Lubelski Turned
over to him Walker and his story. The
colored man stuck to it, notwithstanding
thf expressed unbelief of the officer, and
off (-red to go with him on the search for
"R« ardon.
Walker, who was as good a traveler as
his name would indicate, took the de
tective over the same route pursued with
Lubelski, with the result that neither hide
tut hair of "Reardon" could be found.
Graham then insisted that the negro go
slopes gives rise to the Impression that
they have fallen into the sea, victims
to pof shots from the open sea. Major
Moore, although he has never beard
one of the shots, is strong in the opin
ion that the fishermen are the guilty
parties, basing his belief on the actions
of the seals when a tishine smack in
near. At such limes, be says, the ani
mals become frantic in their hast" to
take to the water and get out of sight
as quickly as possible. If this opinion
is the correct one it will not be long
until the world-famed Seal Rocks of
the Cliff House aredepopulated If some
Steps are not taken at once to pre
vent the killing of the great show herd.
Hales.
bacK with him to Lubelski's. Walker
made no demur and started. On the way
clown he expressed a desire for a drink
and stepped into a saloon to get it. In
stead of going to the bar, he walked to
a room in the rear. Witnout his knowl
edge, Graham was close after him. lust
In time to see him throw something in
a cesspool. The detective collared his
man and had the cesspool searched with
the result that several skeleton keys and
a glass cutter thrown away by the negro
were recovered. Walker was taken im
mediately to the City Prison, where he
was charged with vagrancy and carrying
burglar tools.
Lubelski, of course, was disappointed at
the failure of what he had considered a
good lead to his diamonds, and went home
in a poor frame of mind. A surprise
however, awaited him there, when his
wife announced that she had recovered
the lost jewelry. The pawnbroker was
dazed for a moment and thought his bet
ter half was joking. She soon convinced
him otherwise by displaying the treasure
trove.
The stones had been returned by Mrs.
E. Hachmnnn. who resides at 315 Golden
Gate avenue, a few doors from the Lu
belskis. Phe had come into possession of
them Sun. lav afternoon, her little boy
having told her that he had picked tlu-rh
up on the sidewalk. Mrs. Bachmann, not
bfing up on the value of jewelry, did not
think much of the earrings and brooch
and put them away in a bureau drawer.
She does not take a daily paper < r md did
not hear of the mysterious disappearance
of the Luhfiskl gems until yesterday
afternoon, about the time the pawn
broker was engaged in the wild goose
chase with Walker. A neighbor called
on her and told her of the mysterious'dis
appearance of the trinkets.
"Well," said Mrs. Bachmann, "T wonder
If they are not the things my little boy
picked up last Sunday?"
"That was the day they were lost," re
plied the neighbor, "maybe they are."
Mrs. Bachmann got the trinkets, hur
ried with them to the Lubolski residence,
where their owner identified her missing
gauds, told her story of her boy's find
and delivered the jewels to the pawn
broker's wife.
Lubelski was so tickled at the recital
and bo impressed with the romance at
tached to the disappearance, the goose
chase for and the recovery of the dia
monds, that he hurried over to the Bach
mann residence and handed over to the
mother of the boy who had found the
perns the 5100 first intended for "Rear
don."
. ♦ .
The famous old JKSSK MOOHF, WHISKT U
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pur*.
ASSESSOR DODGE GETS
NAMES OF BANK CLERKS
HIBERNIA DIRECTORS GIVE LIST
OF EMPLOYES.
Officials of the Institution Conclude
That the Demands of the Doctor
Should Be Acceded to.
A truce has been railed and hostilities
suspended between the forces of Assessor
Dodge and the clerks employed in the
Hibernia Bank. The latter will pungle
two big silver dollars each, which the
Assessor demands as a poll tax, and the
charge of battery against the pugnacious
Mr. McGlynn will in all probability be
withdrawn.
The Assessor was very wroth over the
manner In which his deputies had been
treated by the bank clerks Tuesday, and
yesterday afternoon he again marshaled
his forces and led the attack on the rinan
; c-inl Institution In person. The bank of
flciala were expecting him, and the As
sessor was at once ushered into the dl
i rectors' room and pleasantly Informed
I that the directors at a meeting held in
j the forenoon had decided that the mimes
of the employes of the Institution should
; be furnished to the Assessor as requested.
i It was explained that there had never
been any desire upon the part of the re-
I sponsible officers of the Institution to
place obstacles in the way of the collec
tion of the poll tax, the whoie trouble
being due to the unwarranted eftkious
j ness of a subordinate- The Assessor then
i retired to bis oflioe, taking with him the
! coveted roll. He does not anticipate any
■ trouble in collecting the tax, as now that
ln> has the names he can collect from
the bank In case the clerks refuse to toe
the scratch.
Ass<*sor Dodge desires to correct the
statement that was made in "some of the
morning papers to the effect that Mr.
j Tobin ban refused on demand to givo a
i list and was therefore liable to arrest.
I This gentleman. Assessor Dodge states,
: was out oi' town and was not the official
on whom the demand was made, and the
statement that his arrest was ever con
templated was erroneous and does the
gentleman an injustice.
When the case of Charles J. McGlynn,
charged with assaulting Deputy Assessor
Pratt, was called in Judge Graham's
: (niirt yesterday the attorneys for the
i prosecution asked for a cf.ininuance until
( to-day, TMiiieh was granted. Assessor
! I»odge intimated later that he would not
push the case .against the clerk.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaka.
Credit. M. Uothschild. 324 Post St.
Hales.
Folios buy these things
now to be ready wfyen
the time corses — ready
to cope with tfye "un-
expected hot spell"—
ready to enjoy tfyc
things they've bought 1
and n)ade up days be-
fore. Isn't it better to
lool^ ahead ?
Warm weather wash stuffs.
There's beeo some brisK selling going on here these past
few days. Good oews travels rapidly. Good stoc Ks and styles
are good news to fashionable folKs.
Lawns — 50 pieces, 32 inches wide, white and navy blue
grounds, floral and small designs 8c per yard
Dimity — 30 inches wide, white ground, small patterns for
children's dresses, good variety of patterns 12|C yard
Organdie — 20 pieces, 31 inches wide, light blue, medium
and navy blue grounds, woven p laid patterns 15c yard
Imported Dimity — 32 inches wide, is fine sheer fabric, small
designs, suitable for waists and children's dresses. .25c yard
White Organdie — 50 pieces, good quality:
32 inches wide 15c per yard
40 inches wide 20c per yard
Better goods — 50c, 75c and $1.00 per yard.
White Victoria Lawn, 15 pieces, good quality, 40 inches
wide Bic yard
White Apron Lawn, 40 inches wide, openwork border
1 5c yard
Madras — 20 pieces, 36 inches wide, light colors, striped
patterns, suitable for shirt waists 10c yard
Shirt Waist Cambric — 33 inches wide, extra fine fabric,
pink, blue and white grounds 12£ c yard
Percale — 300 pieces, 36 inches wide, elegant assortment of
shirt waist patterns, medium and light colors 12Jc yard
Deimel Linen Mesh Underwear absorbs perspiration. It allows the
skin to breathe. Wool doesn't— wool stops up the pores.
3-Day Specials !
We want your trade and
we're making constant ef-
forts to get and keep it. We
sell you only what we know
will please you.
HAMS, finest Eastern, Ib 12c
Regular price, 13% C
SAPOLIO, 4 cakes 25c
Regular price, 3 for 25c.
MINCED SEA CLAMS, " 2-lb. tin — 20c
Makes delicious Foup and chowder.
Regular price, 25c.
A.B.C. BEER, pts. $1.35, qt5.. 52.10
Regular price. $155 and 12 35 a dozen.
Made from the choicest Bohemian Hops
by the American Brewing Co., St. Louis.
SHELLED ALMONDS, Ib 25c
Choice Cal. Shelled Almonds.
Regular price, 35c.
SCHWEPPE'S SARSAPARILLA, doz $1 35
A delightful summer drink.
Regular price, $1 To.
Hail and Telephone Orders Receive Prompt Attention.
£L We are sole
(rftrjSKs^. agents fop the
t\ celebrated "Ideal"
\fflP ? i v »a celebrated "Ideal"
Coffee Pot- made
\ illill*i on sc * '** c P pin "
• -ffii ' ciples; the only i
' s%^^ pot that is. •
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMO3E ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone M tin 5522. Telephone Weit 152.
NO PAIN. NO PAIN.
Mr OA PER CENT^^k
W ■ £ ' XJ DISCOUNT
M on Plates and Bridge work
■ flugust I Jgn fjFjm% 'SB Days I
s SEE OUR NEW
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER fl^D STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowos $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 SIXTH ST., COR STEVENSON.
WITH CRACKED ICE
SUMMER DRINK
Body, Brain and Nerve Tonic
Overcomes
DEBILITY.
ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. j
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MAKIANI & CO., 52 W. 15TH ST., NEW YORK.
"dkmcnulty7
WHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIA3F.K OLD i
L Specialist cures I'ri vale. Nervous, anil Illoou Uis- i
eases o. Men only. Bool; on I'rivate Liiseases and !
Weaknesses of Men, free.' Over 2oy'rf>' experience. '■
Pntieiitscui-ednt Home. Terms r<-n«;oiinhl(>. Hours!) :
to3dHiiy:3.3otoB::«t ev't'c Sundays, in to 12. Consul- ■
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrew
p. ItOSCOK H<-\n;rv. M.D.
26 . Kearny St.. »an Francisco. CrL .
Hales.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
1
• r r^jtejX m - ]
Roller-Top Desk and Revolving
. Chair, the set this. week $15
Is there any excuse now for a business
man being without a Desk when our
. ' price and terms are low enough for the
' poorest? The Roller .Top Desk Is of
• oak; polished; cut gives fair Idea. Chair
is of oak; high 'back, arms, cane seat.
' ' The combination 1 If bought (tris.oo
this week €J>IO
, THE J.~~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
3 1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtrj.
; Phone Sonth 14. Open Evening.
| REGISTRATION OF VOTERS
' I FOR THE ■>
j PRIMARY AND MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE PRIMARY AND
Municipal Elections is now open at the
i I office of the Registrar of Voters, at the City
! Hall. McAllister-street entrance. Registration
I ' for the purposes of the Primary Election (to
■ be held on August 8, 1899) WILL CEASE JULY
: 22, 1899, and for the Municipal Election (to be
held on November 7, 1899) will continue to and
including October 12, 1899, when all registra-
i tion will cease. All qualified electors ■ who
I were registered at the last General Election,
j or who have registered since that -time, AND
! WHO WILL HAVE CONTINUED TO RESIDE
WITHIN THEIR RESPECTIVE ELECTION
PRF.CINCTS. shall be entitled to vote at said
! elections without other or additional registra-
j lion. ALL OTHER PERSONS claiming to be
entitled to vote at any of the aforesaid elec-
i tions must be registered upon the Register of
| the City and County as an elector of and
within the election precinct wherein he claims
to be entitled to vote. Office open from t a. m.
. ! to 5 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners.
J. STEPPACHER, Registrar of Voters.
j" ' '
London Smoke
Glasses
Bye protectors for the summer season. They
| can be had in any style or shape, including
I those with the new clip— never slips, tilts or
wavers. Kodaks and photographic supplies.
DEVELOPING AND PRINTING.
' Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses.
! Oculists' prescriptions nll«d. Factory on ; rem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
OPTIC,ANS7 HOl >P^^^
642 Market St. instruments
iMefR CHOHICI.S BUHDIHI.
000000000000000090
S r « B PALACE **•"$
A Rip, HOTELS Q
** BAM FRANCISCO. )f
** Connected by a covered pa*Mgrewajr. ™
O 1400 Rooms— ooo wih Bath AtUohed. •
0 All Under On* Management. Q
0 NOTE TEX PRICES: O
0 European P1an. 91.00 per day and upward Q
i _ American Plan. 93.00 per day And upwsii A
v Correspondence Boltolt*<L v
! 0 JOHN 0. KIEIPATRICK. Ktugtr. O
QOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
I . ■
■^t^dKßfet&fJ-D 's Oil 1 non -poll oßoa*
*mP£*&m rem«rty for Gonorrhoea,
CCBEtt^H Gleet, S po rma t orrbwZ
g£$QW in l to 5 daring Whites, unnatural di*.
IMfm On»T»nt«ed U charges, or any inflamma*
E**M not to Kricwre. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
JPrtTonu conujion. tion of mucous mem-
g»*yH?EvANSCHEM'?nR3. Cranes. Non-astrins;pnW
sc;k^ti.o WBH Sold b 7 »rntj;l»t*,
c. 3. a >8l or SPnt in P lsin wrapper,
<>TMw __J^Hk by eipren.i. prepaid, fat
'i^Bß^l $1.00, or 3 bottlea ' J2.7&.
'^l^ri v ■ Circular lent oft nmaetib
' I a i ßll ■ BbWfiffrMl oA m 1 1 fl "'&!?8
i Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year