VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 135.
SENSATIONAL REPORT ON CONDITIONS IN PHILIPPINES
JUST FILED BY A SPECIAL GOVERNMENT AGENT
A Commissioner Sent to the
Islands Makes Startling
Disclosures Regarding the
Existing Conditions.
SPANISH FRIARS SHOULD
BE SHORN OF roWER ;
In regard to the power of the churcn
in the Islands, I have given the subject
much attention and careful thought, and
I conclude that the Spanish friars and
the holy orders had in the past, and still
have, more power than is good for the
development of the Philippines. I have
expressed to you and in the press my
great admiration for the Catholic divines
who accompanied our army as chaplains.
I think th Catholic religion the best re
ligion for the natives of the Philippines.
But the insidious rule of the priests and
friars is undoubtedly working an injury
to the cause of advancement in the Phil
ippine Islands. Again and again men of
high degree and low In the Philippines
assured me that they loved the Catholic
church and were loyal to the Catholic
faith, but hated the friars as the gates of
hell.
Of course, the power of the holy orders
is sometimes overestimated. For exam
ple, I learn that on farms near Manila,
which these orders rented to the natives
for three cents an acre per year, the peo
ple complained, notwithstanding the rea
sonable rent. f
There are Americans going into
Manila who do not represent even the
average class of American citizens.
Take some of the civilians. There is
a Mr. Brown, whose name is Baran
ski. and a Mr. Carmen, associated to
gether in the American Commercial
Company. I have it on the authority
of Mr. Kaelin and Timothy W. Coak
iey of ',„ c rmnppmes-American Com
pany that Carmen and Brown sell
tomatoes for $7 50 per case, whereas
the duty on tomatoes is $8 per case.
It is said that Carmen came to Manila
six months ago a penniless man, and
that to-day he has a monopoly of the
nipa thatch and the cascos for trans
portation on the Pasig River. Brown
is often seen with American officers
when these officers are intoxicated,
taking them to his home. Everybody
tries to get a saloon. General Otis
will not give a license to an ex-sol
dier. This is good as far as it goes,
but it goes such a short way that it
only irritates the ex-soldiers.
The abuses referred to in the above
paragraph are undoubtedly caused by the
■fact that we retain
the Impractical du
ties of the Spanish
regime in force. The
continuing of these
Spanish laws, in my
judgment, is an irri
tant to the people,
and only makes the
wound opened by the
war still deeper and
more exasperating.
The European resi
dents who have lived
in Manila for many
years assert unlver-
sally that taxes were
Gene-a! Otis.
J ereo grievous un-
Jer the Spanish rule as they are now under
our martial law. Of course, they under
stand that it is war time, but to have
martial law for more than a year ln a city
of 900,000 inhabitants must work hardship
to the vast mass of the people. I have
often talked to Filipinos, and found they
were brooding over these taxes and feel
ing that it was a wrong and an outrage.
You cannot convince them that it was a
military necessity, and so one of the
measures necessary to bring the war to a
close keeps It going on.
AGUINALDO HAS A
GREAT DEAL OF POWER
As far as the relation of one tribe i
to another goes, the tribes will fight !
one another when they get out of a j
job, but as a rule I think the Fili- ;
pinos, especially the Tagalos and
Visayans, are pretty much under the
influence of Aguinaldo. I do not
think they fear Aguinaldo, because i
he really could not reach them in ,
Cebu or Iloilo; but I genuinely think '
the people in the islands generally
would rather have an ' autonomous '■
Government under an American pro- j
tectorate than anything like a colo- ;
nial or annexation arrangement. It
will be a great deal easier to restore j
peace when you have 65,000 or 70,- i
000 soldiers in the islands; but that '
the rebels will ever give up their \
arms I do not believe. They will give j
up those arms that the Americans ;
corral and take from them; otherwise j
1 think they will hide away their ;
Mausers for another revolution. It is j
sometimes said that Aguinaldo has j
very little power, but I think that he j
has far more power than we are in
clined to admit. His name is one to
conjure with. I have never seen a
Filipino who would not turn his ear
and listen, if the magic name of j
Aguinaldo was mentioned. This man
must have some great traits of char
acter-
The San Francisco Call.
At first I accepted the sayings about thej
Filipinos and their leader^bu^fromin^
observation^
experiences^
among the natives.M
by mis-H
take being withinH
the tr\--H
ing the time to H
th>.H
people fromM
the to theH
am in-H
dined to thatH
their aspi-H
are ver yl
thanH
people imagine. H
looksM
reasonable to m e___________________|
that with a large and efficient army order
can be restored and Aguinaldo's army
captured or destroyed.
General Lawton.
CORRUPTION MD DISHONESTY
COMMON IN THE ARMY
Rumors of dishonesty and corrupt
officialism in our army are so common
in Manila that it seems to me that
there must be some truth in them.
Thus, we hear that an English con
tractor sold 150 mules to the Govern-
ment, but had to pay lj>6ooo to have
his contract accepted. The truth of
this transaction I cannot be certain
of, but I feel quite certain about one
thing which was told me by a most
responsible person, Mrs. Br. Beer,
chief of the Red Cross Society of Col
orado. She said that a Chinese
woman who contracted to sell vege
tables, eggs, etc., to the American
hospitals came to her and asked her
to try to influence the proper officials
to continue her contract. She said to
Mrs. Beer that she had been paying
the Americans 20 per cent commis
sion on the goods she sold the Gov
ernment, and they wanted 25 per
cent, which was more than she could
pay and make a reasonable profit. I
think the impression was growing
among the Spaniards and Filipinos,
as well as our own people in Manila,
when I left, that some of the Ameri
can civilians and soldiers could give
the Spaniards cards and spades and
beat them at the game of theft.
There is no use for any American
civilian trvincr to tret
into Luzon just now
to start a business
because if he takes
in his merchandise
honestly through the
Custom house it
would be impossible
for him to make a
living. These things
are not pleasant to
say, but when your
own countrymen all
through the city
laugh and sneer at
such things there
must be some truth
in them. I know that
Aguinaid
our soldiers aredescending from the poetry
of history to the prose of shame. They
oftentimes levy blackmail on the people
of the city, going, for example, into a
Chinaman's house and charging him $3
for the tax of his piano. So much is this
carried on, that a day of two before I
came away the walls of Manila were
plastered with a proclamation of General
Otis in Spanish, English and Tagah g,
calling attention to the fact that no citi
zen should pay taxes to any one except
at the places established by the Govern
ment. Of course, it is very difficult to
see how these things can be helped. I
am of the strong opinion that our officers
are too strict on the men In relation to
their conduct around the camp and in
places where it conduces to the comfort
or discomfort of the officers; but that
they are not strict enough with them
when they go out on the streets, or In
other words, when their conduct conduces
to the comfort or discomfort of the gen
eral nubile.
RED CROSS SUPPLIES
STOLEN BY OFFICERS
Then it will depend upon how
justly the people we send there treat
the Filipinos. Nobody could justly
have the idea that either the Ameri
can Government or people mean to
oppress the inhabitants of the Phil
ippines, but many of the agents
sent there are undoubtedly cor
rupt. For instance, I saw on the
books of the Red Cross Society of
California to-day an account of how
two young fellows, one an army offi
cer and the other a Red Cross officer,
had stolen the supplies of the Red
Cross Society and sold them, and
have now gone into business and are
now prosperous business men in
Manila. As long as dishonesty and
cruelty are possible with our soldiers
and civilians I do not think thero will
be any lasting peace in the Philip
pines, but I do think that if the cam
paign was given into the hands of
one man who was competent to run
the civil administration we could
have peace; in other words, by send
ing men above politics or bribes or
flattery men of . large brain, whose
honor is unstained and who, are hon
est and sincere .without being affect-.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
> _2^SS^BB-^22-«- *2^_B^_S-»-SS-^ _B^SS^__-^_i^- _3^SS^?S^_*-^ SB^_2^SS^_S^ _S^_2^JS-^SS^-?*-^sß^?*^_J^ __^_2^_S-^_2^ _B^-88^S8^_8^ •
The Call gives below the most important and most sensational official report on the J
5 present condition of affairs in the Philippines ever filed with this Government. It was ?
5 made by a special agent of the War Department, who has been secretly investigating ?
5 affairs on the islands for some time past, and who has just filed the startling result of his 5
' labors with Assistant Secretary of War Meiklejohn. f
It is a plain and exhaustive portrayal of the true condition of affairs in the Philip- J
' pines, and is made by a man backed by our Government and empowered to get at the very a
I heart of official corruption. It tells plainly and directly of the jealousy, bickerings and dis- s?
• honesty of certain officers in the army and navy, of the misinformation constantly sent out a
5 to the public, of the shameful treatment of the wives and daughters of the natives by some J
'• of the American troops, of the gross incompetency of many political appointees and of the * s
I heartless conspiracies on the part of men in public and private life there to rob both the na- &
• fives and this Government. ♦
• For obvious reasons the administration has not yet made public this extraordinary ♦
■ report. ♦
5 The Call, through a very influential man, has been able to obtain a verbatim copy of £
5 this sensational document and here makes it public for the first time. &
> SS^-i^-S-^--*^ __-^_2^_2^«^ S2^_2^_2-^.2^-S2-^_2-^-S-^s2-^ SS^S2-^S2^.S^ ?2^S2^_2^Ss^-_*^_2^ J2^_2^ S2 -*" S3 -^ 52 -^ SS -»- JS^-J.^SS-^SS^O
cd. The deepest danger in the Philip
pines is that we have men in high
offices there who are utterly incapable
of studying the problem from a psy
chological standpoint; who can do no
governing but simply to damn and
kick "niggers."
ARMY OFFICERS JEALOUS
OF ONE ANOTHER
There is a good deal of Jealousy be
ween the high officers of the army, and
that makes it dlffl-
■uit to iorce matters
o a focus with the
Filipinos. Thus, for
'xample, when Law
on went to San Isi-
Iro Mac Arthur's di
vision moved up the
allway to San Fer
.ando, driving the
nemy before it and
etting him escape
icross the open
ields, whereas it
teemed to those who
vere on the ground
hat the only logical
eason for Lawton's
movement was, to get down fromArayatto
Mexico, and from Mexico to San Fernan
do, and thus flank Agulnaldo and hold
him between Malolos and San Fernando.
The military men and foreign attaches
whom I have talked with about this
maneuver all seemed to feel that we had
accomplished absolutely, nothing by Law
ton's expedition north and Mac Arthur's I
General Hale
HERE ARE A FEW OF THE IMPORTANT CONCLUSIONS THAT WERE
REACHED BY THE GOVERNMENT'S AGENT.
/]GUINALDO has more power than we are inclined to admit. His name is one to conjure with.
v* It will be a good deal easier to restore peace when you have 65,000 or 70,000 soldiers
in the Islands, but that the rebels will ever give up their arms I do not believe.
It seems unfortunate to retain General Otis in command. He has entirely lost the confi
dence of the soldiers and civilians in the Philippines.
Many of the agents sent here are undoubtedly corrupt. Two young officers stole sup
plies of the Red Cross, sold them, and are now prosperous business men in Manila.
The deepest danger in the Philippines is that we have men In high offices who can do no
governing but to simply damn and kick "niggers."
Men like Funston could have taken command of the army, and men like Irving Hale would
be very well suited for the civil government.
The Filipino Peace Commissioners were sharper diplomatists than ours.
The Tagals who are at the head of the revolution are the smartest, brightest and best of
all the Filipinos.
A silly decree was published, and, I believe upheld by General Otis, that all marriages
that have thus far been performed in the Philippines by Protestant clergymen are null and void.
While we have allowed our soldiers all to gamble, the Tagals watch us at cards and craps
and fully realize that cockfights (which have been abolished) are no worse.
I am surprised that John Barrett should state in the Review of Reviews that the people of
Cebu asked our protection. The records show that Cebu was surrendered to the Americans
under protest.
* There Is a good deal of jealousy between the high officers of the army.
If offices cannot be filled by men of merit it will be dangerous for the United States to
hold the Philippines.
movement on San Fernando. These
operations, it is true, gave us ten or fif
teen miles of railroad, but it left the
enemy as secure and defiant as ever.
RETENTION OF OTIS
IS UNFORTUNATE
I think it is absolutely necessary
to give the command of the army to
one strong man under the direction
of one strong brain. If I may be al
lowed to suggest, it seems unfortu
nate to retain General Otis in com
mand of the Philippines. He may
have all the qualifications and have
the confidence of the Gevernment, but
inasmuch as he has entirely lost the
confidence of the soldiers and civil
ians in the Philippines I think you
will find it more difficult to handle
things with him as Governor General
than you would if you had a new
man a man like General Leonard
Wood or ' General Irving Hale. The
great qualities of some of the younger
men in the Philippines, I feel sure,
have been overlooked. Men like Fun
ston could have taken full command
of the army, and men like Irving
Hale would be very well suited for
the civil Government, There must be
thousands of men in America who
have great business capacity and who
would accept for a brief time the Gov
ernor Generalship. I have the utmost
. respect personally for General Otis,
and believe him to be a much ma
ligned man. I feel sure that he is a
man of great ability in many ways,
but somehow the popular pulse does
not beat his way.
I am sorry I have to differ somewhat
from the opinions of Dr. Sehurman, as
they have been published in the dis
patches. Perhaps these are not his opin
ions, but I think he is very right if he
believes that the people of the towns and
provinces are practically able to run their
own affairs. I did not think this way at
first, but study and observation have con
vinced me that the Filipinos have a good
deal of latent intelligence. I do not
agree, however, with Dr. Sehurman if he
thinks that the sphere of hostility to
America is a small
one. In fact, the
gruff behavior of our
people, especially in
Manila, Is very of
fensive to the people
of the Islands. I am
upheld in this belief
by men unbiased' like
the French, German
and Russian corre
spondents, men who
really like the Amer
icans. Most of the
unprejudiced Ameri
cans think the same
way. We are too free
and easy in some
jeneral Funston
cases and too strict and rough with the
people in some other cases. It needs
wise, c^lm and disinterested mci: -to rep
resent us in the islands. Whether they
are right or not I do not presume to say,
but the natives of all the islands I visit
ed, Cebu, Negros, Panay, Sulu and Lu
zon, all seemed to feel that we are the
aggressors; except the people of Jolo, who
do not believe that we are going to es
tablish a very firm government over them
or one distinctively American.
PEOPLE OF CEBU DID
NOT ASK OUR PROTECTION
I am surprised that John Barrett
should state in the Review of Re
views that . the people of Cebu
asked our protection. On the con
trary, I have read the records of the
American occupation of Cebu in the
diary of the German Vice Consul,
who is a Scotchman, a British citizen
and the only foreigner I found enthu
siastic for American rule in the Phil
ippines. Mr. Cummings made an en
try like this:
"Cebu was surrendered to the
Americans, under protest, by the in
fluence of Majie and Llorente, the two
ablest Filipinos in Cebu.
"The young men of Cebu advised
to burn the town, but wiser counsels
prevailed. Majie said to the com
mander of the Petrel that, finding
ing themselves abandoned by Spain,
they had joined the Filipino Repub
lic. They had no orders from Aguin
aldo, but would yield only under pro
,test, owing to the greater force of the
Americans. At 9:40 the Americans
landed forty sailors, who raised the
Stars and Stripes amid a sullen and
angry populace who wanted to attack
the Americans."
This is quoted to show you what a vast
amount of misinformation there has been
regarding the Philippines, and to show
you how absolutely necessary it is to send
only the best heart and brains of the
country to try and establish a govern
ment which shall satisfy these people. A
large part of our army openly sympa
thizes with many of the Filipino conten
tions. This is especially marked in the
volunteer regiments and is also very
marked among the older men of the reg
ular army. Even here in California,
which of all States will benefit most from
the trade of the Philippines, opinion is
much divided.
Toward the end of July in Manila the
soldiers seemed to degenerate. The war
began to assume the^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ugly a raceM
new regi-M
ments do haveM
the menl
the volunteers M
They are moreH
to cuffM
the LangleyM
Jones the Assocl-M
assuresM
me he saw onl
Escolta, from hisH
room the EnglishM
a hun-H
unjustiflableM
by Am er! I
cans Filipinos, _________________!
Dr. Sehurman.
1 1 can believe it, for I had my servant man
assaulted and beaten three times on the
journey from my room. No. 15 Plaza
Santa, to the steamship Sherman in Ma
nila harbor.
The second day after the first negro
regiment landed in Manila I saw a negro
soldier take the money belt off a China
man in front of Major Devol's office amid
the laughter of our own people, civilians
and soldiers. Corporal Harvey of Major
Devol's office threw a Filipino on the
paving stones just because he was in the
way. An assistant clerk in the same office
struck a Filipino standing beside me on
the stomach. On being remonstrated with
he exclaimed, "He is only a damned
nigger." ?
INFAMOUS TREATMENT OF
THE NATIVE WOMEN
An American chaplain in Malabon,
whose name I withhold, told me
that in his first parish work he had
been told by the natives of Malabo.,
that their wives and daughters had
been raped by our soldiers. He could
authenticate only five cases. The pa
pers of that date (September 15) say
that two men in Manila have been
condemned to death for maltreating
native women. I saw again and again
the brothels of Manila crowded to the
doors by our soldiers, and the saloons
also. All these things may be ; un
avoidable at times. They show how
necessary it is to have the right dis
cipline, i General Hughes kept Manila
in the best order. A Boston lawyer
; told me that he had many cases come
Report Promptly Pigeonholed,
but The Call Secures Impor
tant Extracts, Which Are
i_t r_ _ _
Now Revealed.
■ '--■ - . ■■.-V 1 .--- ■ ■f. i -;"~--V--J.V -
to his office on the Escolta of natives
who had been maltreated. These peo
ple said: "Your soldiers who came
into the towns first are very bad men,
but those who come later are very
kind men." I can explain this to you.
The men often got ahead of their offi
cers and committed outrages until
the officers came up.
General Lawton told me that he had
hard work to stop looting. He was very
good on this. One of the Kansas boys
told me "Funston is hard nuts on _nn
keyin' with the dead; the boys burned
the wooden Christs and stole the brass
Jesuses off the crucifixes." Jean Hess of
the Figaro is practically correct in his
notes on the campaign, but he does not
understand the Americans. The Filipino
peace commissioners were sharper diplo
matists than ours. I Interviewed Dr. Sehur
man for the Associated Press. He was
a good, strong man, and fair-minded, but
he did not see so much of the Filipino
question as the reporters. These men who
signed the round-robin against censorship
are to my certain knowledge reliable men.
Bass and Collins are especially conserva
tive.
THE CONCLUSIONS REACHED.
In conclusion let me sum up. First, we
need to study the question psychological
ly. These people are not as our people.
Our very voices rasp them. Individual
Americans, civilians and soldiers, treat
them arrogantly, as if already they were
our slaves. The Filipinos never forget:
they never forgive; they are highly sensi
tive, easy to flatter, but impossible to fool;
they are very bitter, very brave, very per
sistent. We need on our side great tact,
absolute discipline, stainless honor, in
corruptible — otherwise a legacy of
hate and bloodshed. This is as certain as
the decrees of God. -
Secondly — For the Philippines we
must have civil service. There are
instances all over of incompetency.
Captain Hanna, captain of the port
of Iloilo, is not fit for the place. I
saw him behave in a very ungentle
manly way to a Spanish captain.
Many other things show that he is
no man for the place. There are doz
ens of such men, and they are polit
ical appointees, and are no good in
such positions, but do us lots of harm.
If the offices cannot be filled by men
of merit it will be dangerous for the
United States to hold the Philippines.
Third— Martial law in Manila ought to
be abolished as soon
as possible. There
seems to be no rea
sonable ground for it
at present. The Span
ish taxes ought to be
recast at once, if fur
ther trouble, both
with Americans and
foreigners, is to be
avoided. Absolutely
strict discipline of
our soldiers in their
relation to the na
tives, especially to
the women, is neces
sary. I note, in the
newspaper dis-
General Mac Arthur
patches that two soldiers have been
sentenced to death for maltreating
women. If this be true, you will see the
ground for my remark.
Fourth Our Congress ought to be
called at once to give the Filipinos
some promise of government. It is
claimed by men familiar with the
subject in Luzon that our Govern
ment has not promised them any
thing except the most attenuated
generalities. The Chino-Tagals, who
are the leaders in the movement, are
among the shrewdest men on earth.
They know the difference between an
absolute statement and a diplomatic
evasion, and unless some promise is
made of a very definite character, in
my judgment ' the war will . not cease
with the conquest of Aguinaldo.
LEADERS OF REVOLUTION
BEST OF FILIPINOS
Fifth— The Tagals who are at the head
SPECULATION AS TO
THE CHARTER DECISION
Supreme Court Will Adjourn the
Session in Los Angeles Mon
day and Come Here.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— Attaches in
and about the Supreme Court chambers
have been bothered all day with inquiries
as to when the decision upon the San
Francisco charter may be expected. Hun
dreds of inquiries have been pouring in on
the subject during the past twenty-four
hours. There has been no official intima
tion anywhere, so far as can be learned,
that the decision is to be delivered while
the court is in session here. San Fran
cisco, however, is evidently of that opin
ion. The Supreme Court will conclude its
labors here to-morrow evening, and most
of the members will arrive in San Fran
cisco on' the owl train Saturday morning.
CAPTAIN WHITING'S POST.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.-The Navy De
partment has assigned Captain William
H. Whiting to the post of commander of
the Norfolk Navy Yard in place of Cap"
tain Rockwell. The place was given to
Captain Greene, but that officer, being
disposed to retire next spring, declined
the assignment. Captain Whiting is now
at Honolulu, whither he was called by
t__ illness ox his wild-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of the revolution are the smartest,
brightest and best of all the Filipinos.
They have great power with their tribes.
It is not true that this power is gained
through terrorism. It is gained because
there is a spirit of nationality abroad In
the Philippines to-day. This is what
made it so easy for Aguinaldo's emissar
ies to gain control in Panay, Cebu, South
Luzon and Mindanao. Of the final dis
position of the Philippines I have no sug
gestion to make. That lies with the peo
ple of the United States. At present the
zone of hostility to the United States
authority is very wide in the islands.
owing in part, I think, to our lack of
success in dealing with the people.
Hatred of Americans has developed and
increased as we have advanced in our
occupation. The abolition of cock-fight
ing and the retaining of taxes has griev
ously offended the Filipinos. While we
have allowed our soldiers all to gamble,
the Tagals watch us at our cards and
"craps" and fully realize that cock-fight
ing is no worse.
AUTONOMOUS GOVERNMENT
WITH AMERICAN PROTECTORATE
Sixth— For the present I think an
autonomous government with an Amerl
■?an protectorate
yould satisfy the
>eople. We might ar
ange for a conven
ion at the end of ten
ears to determine
>y a public vote of
he Filipinos what
erm of government
hey wanted. If, in
he eyes of the civil
zed world, the Fill
>inos at the end of
en years were unfit
or self-government.
; :<■•£«_;;:, ■*-«... . i --;,*"r^'. v by thet,timft,mpjtte?i»^
~ Hon. John Barrett. will > have developed
so that both we and
they should have our minds made up as
to what our permanent relations should
be. The manner of dealing with the peo
. pie of Sulu is, I believe, the proper one
•in dealing with the Filipinos, although
opponents of the administration will say,
with some degree of justice, that we
should not have encouraged the Datto
Mundi, the Mohammedan, to take venge
ance on the Christians of Mindanao.
This will undoubtedly be used by the
hostile press. Moreover, to send Indians
to the Philippines will be apt to have a
reactionary effect upon the people of the
country, because it was one of the ob
jections made by William Pitt in the
House of Commons that England intro
duced into her warfare with the Americans
the "scalping knife and the tomahawk of
the savage."
REPLACE THE FRIARS
WITH AMERICAN PRIESTS
Seventh — The Spanish friars should
go home to Spain and American
priests take their places, granting to
the Filipino "padres'' the full rights
of priesthood, which they have never
had under Spain. Religion should be
let alone or wisely guided. Catholi
cism is best suited for them at the
present time. Protestants should
have the same rights as Catholics all
through the islands. A silly decree
was published (and, I believe, upheld
by General Otis) that all marriages
that have thus far been performed in
the Philippines by Protestant clergy
men are null and void. It caused a
great deal of unfavorable sentiment
among the Americans, who would not
tolerate such a measure.
These are my opinions and ob
servations. They are given with
out fear and without favor and I hope
they will be of use to you in considering
the question. If I am wrong time will
very soon show it, and if I am right there
is no use sending you flattering words
which only take up your time and throw .
no light on the question. I hope for the
President and his Cabinet all success in
dealing with -the Philippine problem, and
have no doubt that j their painstaking
work will in the end : bring good results,
although at times, they may be criticized
by an ungrateful public.
Respectfully submitted,
SKELETON OF A MAN
FOUND ON THE DESERT
Belief Expressed That the Bleached
Bones Are Those of Murderer
James Daniels.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 12.— The skeleton
of a man was found on the desert near
Phoenix yesterday by a Mexioan. The
discovery was made nine miles from the
Phoenix mine in a canyon where Jack
Ford was killed in April by Jim Daniels.
Daniels was never caught and it is be
lieved by the officers here that he re
turned to the spot where the killing oc
curred and ended his life and the skele
ton found is his remains. Coroner John
stone will go to the place where the bones
were found to-morrow.
May Contest a Will.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 12.— John Doyle, re
cently deceased, left an estate to R.
Jones and wife, at whose house he had
stayed. In his will he stipulated that
none of his relatives should receive any
share of the property, valued at $5000. He
had not had anything to do with his rela
tives for many years. A contest is now
in prospect, as to-day Rose Doyle of
Springfield, Mass., through her attorneys,
announced her appearance in the matter
of a petition to probate the will. She is
a niece of the deceased. Some years ago.
through inquiries made for Doyle's rela
tives in Ireland, she learned that he re
sided in this country. She is the only
jiving relative.2
WILL TRY TO SECURE BOTH
NATIONAL CONVENTIONS
Prominent San Francisco Public Men Are Confident That by Proper
Effort This City Can Secure the Two Big Political
Gatherings of Next Year*
Senator Perkins, Congressmen Loud and Kahn, Mayor Pheian and Other Influential Men
Promise Their Hearty Co-operation in the Work of Achieving This Success.
CALIFORNIA may have the honor of
playing host to the national lead
ers of both great political parties
in 1900. It is the opinion of those
who are In close touch with the
condition of political affairs In the East
that by proper effort San Francisco may
be made the seat of the next National
Republican and National Democratic con
ventions. This city made a bid for this
distinction some years ago, but had then
to contend with conditions which have
since been eliminated.
At that time it was admitted that San
Francisco's claims were well founded, but
certain circumstances, due largely to her
geographical position, were against, her.
Apprehension was felt thai her hob ac
commodations would prove Insufficient:
that large crowds could not be properly
handled; that telegraphic facilities were
inadequate; that the distance from the
great centers of population was too great.
as too much time would have to be con
sumed in making the Journey across the
continent; and political combinations had
to be made that precluded San Francisco
from carrying off the prize of being
chosen the convention seat.
Since that time San Francisco has had
ample opportunities to test most of these
objections, and has most successfully
demonstrated that they do not. at least
at the present time, exist. The capacity
of the city and the ability of the people of
San Francisco to take care of large
crowds of visitors with comfort and safety
was well Illustrated during the convention
of the Christian Endeavor societies a few
years ago, and more recently on the re
turn of the California volunteers.
The telegraphic facilities of San Fran
cisco have also been put to the test, and
were not found wanting. As for distance
and time, these factors have been greatly
reduced in Importance by the changes that
have been made and are to be made in the
transportation of passengers between the
East and San Francisco. The time from
Chicago to San Francisco will be but three
days, while the trip from New York, the
other extreme of the continent, will con
sume but an additional day.
It is proposed to make the movement
to bring these great and Influential bodies
of men to California a strictly non-par
tisan project. The object in view will
be the advancement of the material pros
perity of the State and its neighboring
commonwealths by bringing their rich
and innumerable resources to the direct
attention of some of the men who are
most influential in the affairs of the na-
-It* Is expected that not only will indi
viduals be interested and attracted by
the opportunities for investment on this
side of the Rocky Mountains, but much
will be done to impress upon public men
the needs of the coast in the way of ap
propriations for public improvements and
other national legislation.
Congressman Julius Kahn is enthusi
astic over the project and is confident
that it can be carried to a successful
consummation.
"It seems to me," he said, "that If San
Francisco has any intention of securing
the national conventions this Is her op
portunity. That McKinley will be re
nominated Is practically conceded by
everybody. The element of uncertainty
which makes it necessary for the Repub
lican convention to be held at some point
where the party managers are within
easy telegraphic communication with
other prominent men will be entirely
eliminated from the approaching conven
tion. There is no uncertainty as to who
will be the Republican party nominee
and I am satisfied that San Francisco
can thus early secure the hearty co
operation of many of the national, com
mitteemen if her citizens make an earnest
effort to secure the conventions.
Dependable Drugs
Extra Low
Prices
Today
These prices are good for to-
day only at our San Francisco
store. No mail orders filled at
these prices.
Come today if you would
save most.
Telephone orders filled and
delivered.
Cuticura Soap— cakes 25c
Advertised everywhere at
35 cents. We have always
sold it for 1 5 cents. Today
we cut It 2 for a quarter.
Lyon's Tooth Powder 15c
Regularly 25 cents. Our
usual price is 20 cents. To-
day it's 1 5 cents.
Camelline 30 cents
Liquid face cream made to
sell for 50 cents. Our cut
price is 35 cents. Today we
sell it for 30 cents.
Allen's Malt Whiskey 65c
A quart bottle that sells reg-
• ularly for Si. Our usual
price is 85 cents. Today we
cut it to 65 cents.
Raymond's Florida Water
The largest size bottle. Reg- 2 cq
ular price is 75 cents. Our yD
price 45 cents. Today we
make it 35 cents.
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets
Regular price is 50 cents. 20c
Owl's usual price is 40 cents. 5
Today's unusual price 30c.
f'|iso*l
1128 Market St.
ci______r-
"The manner in which San Franciscans
; have poured out their wealth to receive
! the returning volunteers has challenged
the admiration of the entire country. The
troops who have returned to their homes
have all spoken In the warmest terms of
the hospitality and the loyalty and pa
triotism of our people, and I feel confi
dent that these soldiers will exert their
influence to secure the conventions for
our city.
"The benefit to the State and to the
community would be inestimable. The
prominent men of the parties, the men
who shape the affairs of the nation,
would visit San Francisco, and many of
them would probably pay their first visit
to our State and to the Pacific Coast.
! They would return to the East with a
I better knowledge of our resources and
j of our requirements, and the benefits that
| would accrue to the State would be felt
In every channel of Industry.
"1 believe that our citizens should take
up this matter at once. My idea is that
committees of representative citizens
should be selected and that San Fran
cisco should go into the field at this early
day to show the rest of the country that
she is In earnest when she says that she
wants the honor of entertaining the dele
gates to the national conventions of 1900.
"I have reason to believe that many of
SENATOR PERKINS— It will bring the most representative men
of the nation to our State.
CONGRESSMAN LOUD— The eyes of the whole country are now
turned to San Francisco, probably to a greater degree than most
people realize.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN— benefit to the State and to the com
munity would be inestimable.
MAYOR PHELAN— Francisco is well adapted for convention
purposes. The members will be able to work with comfort.
HENRY T. SCOTT — It would gain recognition for San Francisco
as the great commercial port which she is destined to be.
A. SBARBORO — Many capitalists may find inducements either to
settle here or to invest some of their surplus capital.
| the Eastern cities would give way to San
, Francisco at the present time, and there
I is no question in my mind but that if wo
will all put our shoulders to the wheel
we can carry off the prize when the Na
tional Committee meets.
"I shall exert myself to the utmost to
bring about the desired result while in
Washington, and I will be pleased to take
up the matter earnestly and vigorously
as soon as I arrive at the national capital.
"A good idea of the feeling that has
I been engendered throughout the country
by California's method of welcoming the
| coming and speeding the departing guest
may be gained from the experience of
I Senator Thomas H. Carter of Montana.
He was the chairman of the Republican
National Committee up to 1896 and is still
a member of that body. He recently paid
his first visit to San Francisco, and I
had a letter from him several days ago
in which, he' says that he has brought
home with him from San Francisco a deep
sense. of gratitude, and that his visit was
fraught with the greatest degree of pleas-
I ure that. he has experienced in many
years. While Senator Carter was an ad
j vocate of San Francisco before, I feel
! satisfied that if we again enter the arena
: and ask for his support he will gladly
I become one of our most earnest and en-
i ergetic champions.
I "The many members of this ' Senate and
I House of Representatives who have vis
i ited us to receive the regiments of their
. respective States during the past few
STATE GETS A
GOOD RAINFALL
Benefits in Excess of
the Damage Done.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + ♦+♦_♦♦
♦ ♦
♦ PORTLAND, Oct. Light snow ♦
-♦- fell over the higher altitudes of ♦
♦ Oregon, Washington and Idaho last -f
+ night and to-day. +
ELMIRA, Oct. Rain commenced
falling at 10 o'clock to-day, and the
downpour was steady. At noon .17 of an
inch had fallen, and there was no benefit
except to lay the dust. No damage was
done to the dried fruit and the grain,
which was mostly under cover.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. About 4 o'clock
this morning a heavy rain commenced to
fall here which has completely cleared the
atmosphere of the smoke, which has been
very bad on account of the forest fires.
The rain was hailed with pleasure by
everybody except the grape growers, who
have not finished picking and the fruit
men who still have the fruit in the dry
ing yards. The precipitation was .25 of
an inch.
MONTEREY, Oct. 12.— The rain that
began falling at midnight Tuesday
throughout this section is apparently not
over yet. Heavy showers fell during the
early morning and to-day, and a warm
southwest wind, with considerable cloud!-
ness, still prevails. It Is believed this lo
cality will receive about an inch of rain
before the storm is over.
NAPA, Oct. 12.— Rain began falling at
10 a. m. to-day. There was no damage
to crops.
UKIAH. Oct. 12.— During the storm
thirty-two hundredths of an Inch of rain
has fallen. It was providential. The for
est fires have all been, extinguished' and
vegetation has been started. For a month
past fires have been raging in the. rod
woods and much damage had been done.
PLEASANTON, Oct. 12.— From Wednes
day morning up to 5 o'clock to-night
fifty-hundredths of an inch of rain had
fallen in this section. The damage to
hay has not been very great so far and
If It dries up to-morrow little damage will
be done. Grapes have been much dam
aged, though the loss to this fruit cannot
yet be estimated. '..' . /'-
WOODLAND. Oct. 12.— weather is
cold and threatening, but so far only one
light shower has fallen, and that was not
sufficient to do, any damage. The vine
yardlsts have not yet begun to pick the
second crop of grapes and not more than
half the raisin crop has been cured. A
1;.-; ivy rain now would cause a big loss to
the raisin and wine industries.
MERCED, Oct. 12.— Rain began falling
here yesterday morning, continuing at in
tervals since. - The precipitation yester
day was nine one-hundredths of an inch.
To-day at noon eighteen one-hundredths
of an inch had fallen. The general effect
upon crops in this county is good. Stock-
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
I months have all gone away from here
j filled with gratitude to. our people, and
| they have Invariably expressed them
; selves as being anxious to show their ap
: preciation of the generous hospitality of
| our citizens in some tangible form. Their
j influence with their National Committee
men'would be of great assistance to us.
and I believe that that influence would be
exerted without stint or hesitation.
"Asa general thing the conventions are
held, during the month of June. This Is
a season of the year when the heat in
most of the Eastern cities is. overpower
ing. ' We all remember the pictures in the
illustrated papers of the last national con
ventions, where the delegates sat around
coatless and hatless with fans .in their
; hands, trying to raise a breath of air.
'• Here in San Francisco during the month
I of June the climate Is cool, invigorating
and bracing. We have ample hotel accom-
I modations for all the delegates and visit
ors who may come, and that the city Is
capable of handling large crowds was
I demonstrated recently upon the arrival of
the First California Volunteers."
Henry T. Scott, chairman of the anti
' boss Republican organization- of this city,
Is a strong advocate of the proposition.
"I would be very glad to see the next
national convention held in San Francisco.
It would certainly be a great thing for
i the community and the State and would
do much to gain recognition for San Fran
cisco as the great commercial port which
she is destined to be. No better means
of advertising the advantages of our sec
tion of the country could be devised. No
effort should be spared to secure this
great honor and advantage."
United States Senator Perkins declared
that he has always been and is now in
favor of bringing the national convention
to this city. "It will bring the most rep
resentative men of the nation to our
State." said he, "and will be of vast bene
fit to every enterprise and industry. Each
citizen should become a missionary in this
cause. Personally I shall do everything
within my power at all times and in all
places to bring victory to the banner of
San Francisco. I am always for Califor
nia, first and last."
As president of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association A. Sbarboro had
this to say of the project:
"It has been proved that the gathering
'■ of a large number of people for whatever
purpose in a large city Is a great advan
'. tage to the community. Therefore I be
lieve that this city should do all in its
power to have the conventions meet here.
By seeing our city and State many cap
italists may find inducements either to
settle here or to Invest some of their sur
plus capital, all of which would redound
to the benefit of the State, j
"We have shown how Californians can
entertain large crowds both as to the lib
eral subscriptions for money required and
I men are especially benefited, as grass will
now be abundant No damage is reported
in this section. The rain was a great help
to mining in Mariposa County.
VISALIA, Oct. D.uring the past
twenty-four hours .31 of an inch of rain
has fallen in Tulare County. Practically
no damage was done to crops. Stockmen
and ranchers are jubilant, as plenty of
pasture is now assured. A few raisin
growers Buffered slight loss, but it was
mostly their own fault In not heeding the
warning from the Weather Bureau. Had
rain occurred twenty-four hours sooner
hundreds of tons of prunes would have
been damaged. „_•_•»_*
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. Light rain
fell nearly all day Wednesday, .out
amounted to only one-tenth of an inch.
Some damage was done the raisins and
prunes, though the bulk of both crops
was saved. September having been un
-1 usually warm made alfalfa grow late
and considerable hay was out. Farmers
and orcharaists are now rushing in all
■■ crops. ...
HOLLISTER. Oct. 12— The rain which
1 commenced here last Tuesday night and
- continued intermittently ever since has
amounted to about .25 of an Inch.
Farmers are looking forward to a wet
winter, and preparing to put in an im
mense acreage If the rains turn out right.
PETALUMA, Oct. This city was
visited to-day by a heavy downpour of
rain, which seemed to please farmers ,in
general. Some slight damage will be done
to grapes, and considerable hay is out yet.
i but it is claimed that the benefit from rain
! will more than doubly cover the damage.
i SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. Twenty
i four hundreths of an Inch of rain fell here
in the last twenty-four hours. There has
1 been no damage to crops, although it
, has interfered considerably with the
thrashing of grain owing to the unusual
ly large yield in this section. Thrashing
will not be through with for at least
another month.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 12.— Heavy showers
j fell all day in this city. Light rains fell
' at Ben Lomond and up the coast to Pes
i cadero. Grapes on the vines will be dam-
I aged, and exposed hay will suffer. Much
of this year's crop of grapes has already
, been gathered.
SONOMA, Oct. 12.— A heavy rain set in
' this morning and continued at intervals
. throughout the day. , At times the pre
i cipitation amounted to a downpour.
1 Should the lain continue there will be
i much damage to grapes, about one-third
1 of which still remain upon the vines. So
'■ far, however, no damage of any-conse
quence has resulted. - '•
RED BLUFF, Oct. 12.— dry season
! was broken last night by a light sprinkle
i of rain, which fell lightly at intervals
all day. -
VACAVILLE, -Oct. 12.— slight rains
, will not stop the fruit shipments. The
total shipments for the season of 1899 will
i fall little short of 1100 carloads of dried
fruit. ' . -
SALINAS. Oct. 12.— Salinas in particu
lar and Monterey County in general were
treated to refreshing showers . to-day.
The precipitation here so farMs - .44 of an
Inch, and still threatening. •
Inch. 1 and still threatening. Many ranch
ers have not finished harvesting yet and
necessarily the grain fields will be dam
aged, owing to the heavy yield, and the
scarcity of threshers much grain ' yet
being unthreshed. On . the whole, how
ever, the rain has been beneficial and
the threshers jubilant over the prospects.
MODESTO, Oct. 12.— This county has
experienced cold and stormy weather
during the past three days. The rain
fall has varied from .56 of an inch in the
eastern portion to a trace in the western
section. Harvesting is over and the only
damage will be to dry feed. Indications
to-night are for more ruin.
COLUSA, Oct. 12.— rainy season
commenced to-day, but up to this evening
also by the manner In which the citizens
have entertained privately. I am sure
that citizens of all political parties would
join in giving the conventions a hearty
welcome." •
Congressman Eugene F. Loud, who re
turned from a three months' trip to
Europe yesterday, is also strongly in fa
vor of the enterprise.
"The project is quite possible," he re
marked. "The benefit to the State and
the entire coast would be great. The more
you bring Eastern people in contact with
California and her varied resources the
more they understand and appreciate us
and the advantages we have to offer. I
found four years" ago, after the conven
tions had adjourned, that there was quite
a sentiment in favor of coming here,
which would lead me to hope that It is
possible to secure one or both of the con
ventions next year. Time is being ob
literate.l every year, and is. in fact, no
objection .at the present time. I think
there is sufficient hope of success to war
rant an effort being made. I never thought
so before. Heretofore I have always re
garded it as impossible. '
"The eyes of the whole country are
now turned. to San Francisco, probably
to a greater degree than most people
realize. Everybody is talking of San
Francisco as certain of becoming one of
the great commercial centers of the
world. Any one who talked to the peo
ple of the Fast ten years ago and who
has talked to them recently is surprised
at the, sentiment of commercial interest
in San Francisco to-day as compared
with the past. All seem to agree that
nothing can prevent this city from be
coming the great commercial center for
the oriental trade.
"I shall be pleased to render such as
sistance as is in my power to make the
project a success. I think the sending
of a strong, conservative delegation to
represent the city before the national
committees when they meet would do
much to bring about success, but they
should go without so much flourishing of
trumpets as we are in the habit of using.
It is none too early to begin the cam
paign, as I believe the national commit
tees meet some time In December, about
two months from now."
Mayor Pheian promised hearty co
operation in the project. "A movement of
! that kind," he said, "would have my
' strong support. San Francisco Is well
i adapted for convention, purposes. Con-
I ventions are generally held in midsum
mer, and the member! will be able to
work with comfort. I have seen a na
tional convention at Chicago and I know
the discomforts of that place. Our ho
tels and boarding-houses would meet all
requirements, and th» city, by reason of
the conspicuous position it has assumed
during the last two years, would be nat
urally an attraction for strangers to
visit, thus assuring a large convention.
"I venture to say it would be a more
deliberative and dignified body than any
which has assembled in recent years.
"One great advantage to both parties
would be the convention delegates mov
ing across the continent. This would
spread enthusiasm for either cause. They
might come by one route and return by
another. It would be an advantage to
the entire country, no less than to the
West. Some of our statesmen who at
tend conventions ought occasionally to
see the country which they propose to
govern.
"The practical way is to interest the
National Committeemen. The two Na
tional Committeemen from California,
John D. Spreckels of the Republican
Committee and J. J. Dwyer of the Dem
ocratic Committee, should take the in
itiative, and with them I should be
pleased to give my fullest co-operation."
only .12 of an inch of rain had fallen.
Good rains needed.
WILLOWS, Oct. 12.— The weather is
threatening to-day, but there has been no
rain so fur. Heavy rain would damage
some hay, raisins and prunes that are
still out, and would also destroy enormous
amounts of dry feed on the cattle and
sheep ranges.
KESWICK, Oct. There was a good
downpour of rain this afternoon, it being
the first of the season. It promises to
give water enough for the placer miners,
who have long been unable to work
claims. It will also put a stop to forest
fires thai have for the past month been
a great source of danger.
YUBA CITY. Oct. 12.- Showery weather
has prevailed for tin- last two days. The
precipitation for the. storm is .05 of an
inch, and for the season .23 of an Inch.
No damage to dried fruit or raisins or late
summer crops. Fruit harvest about over.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 12.— The weather
here has been showery all day and even
ing, the fall up to 5 o'clock being .13 of an
Inch, and considerable has since fallen.
Should the weather become cool and clear
with a dry wind the injury to grapes will
be nominal, but continued wet weather
will soon spoil them for table purposes.
Beans and other small products on the
Islands down the river will also be dam
aped if the rain continues. On the other
hand, the showers have cleared the at
mosphere and flushed the sewers and are
therefore welcome.
FRESNO, Oct. 12.— Up to 6 o'clock this
evening .10 of an Inch of rain fell, making
a total of .30 for the season. Some slight
damage was done to the second crop of
raisins.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. Although
nearly .30 of an inch of rain fell in the
city yesterday, the country outside the
city and the adjacent counties received a
much more copious drenching. There
was snow and hall at El Cajon Pass, and
South California Railroad employes re
port a heavy precipitation along their
lines.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 12.— 1n this city the
precipitation by the late storm was .15
of an Inch. The rain was heavier In the
country. Descanso reports .75, Alpine. .52,
Sweetwater .23. Chur.a Vista and Otay .25.
Santa-Maria .50 and Julian .75. So far as
known there was little damage to raisins.
About half the crop has been gathered,
and the remainder was stacked. In the
localities where the storm was heaviest
farmers are preparing to begin plowing.
Sues for $150,000.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 12.— case of
Amanda Austin against the estate of the
late Jeff Wllcoxson, her grand uncle, is
on trial here. Miss Austin sues for $150,
--000, claiming she had for eighteen years
kept house, nursed him, etc., and that he
had promised to reward her liberally, but
hat} failed to do so.
Activity of Native Sons.
WOODLAND.. Oct. There is unusual
activity among the Native Sons. Wood
land Parlor is already one of the largest
In the State, but at a meeting held
Wednesday twelve new applications I for
membership were filed.
Injured by Gun Exploding.
PETALUMA. Oct. 12.— While Abe
Phillips, a well-known merchant tailor
of this city was hunting ducks at Ocean
View last evening his gun exploded. Fly
ing fragments badly mangled his left
hand. '*WJ?£
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c.
DEWEY'S OFFICIAL GREETING
BY THE STATE OF VERMONT
DEWEY HOMESTEAD, MONTPELIER, VT.
The cross under the window marks the room in which the admiral was born,
W
MONTPELIER, Vt., Oct. 12.—
State of Vermont gave welcome
to Admiral Dewey to-day with a
parade and a reception at the
State House. Tho weather was
perfect, and 30,000 visitors joined
with the hero's townsmen in the cele
bration. .Never before has there been
such a massing of people and so elabor
ate a demonstration in the history of
Vermont. The town was handsomely
decorated.
■ Admiral Dewey spent the night on
board the sleeping-car Geneva, and the
car and the railroad yard were picketed
by ' National Guardsmen. Early this
morning, on a train from Northfield,
came the battalion of cadets from Nor
wich University, the military school
which Admiral Dewey attended when a
youth. The cadets brought two field
pieces to be used in firing salutes.
The admiral was up betimes, although
only a few persons saw him until shortly
after 8 o'clock, when he left his car
and walked to the office of his brother
Charles. He spent a few minutes there
and then returned to the car. Old
friends and neighbors were received by
him during most of the forenoon. A
delegation of King's Daughteas brought
him a large bouquet of roses. Shortly
before noon he went to the residence of
his brother, where a family gathering
was held and luncheon was served. The
occasion was a very happy one, as there
were quite a number of the admiral's
relatives present.
The celebration began at S o'clock with
the firing of an admiral's salute by the
Norwich Cadets. Then a band concert
took place. At noon the Governor's sa
lute was fired, and Immediately after
ward the column for the parade was
formed. ... _ . .
At 1 o'clock the admiral returned to the
car and In a few moments received a
special committee from the State, who
informed the distinguished guest that
they had come to take him in charge
for the remainder of the day. Soon
afterward, in a closed carriage, the
admiral accompanied them to the execu
tive mansion, where he was formally
presented to Governor Smith and Mayor
Senter. Lieutenant Brumby, flag lieu
tenant, accompanied the admiral.
ALASKAN DISPUTE
BUT OF THE WAY
Temporary Agreement
Reached. ,
Special Disi»atcß to The Call.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Sir Louis Henry
Davies, Canadian Minister of Marine and
1 Fisheries, informs the Associated Press
that he has given Canada's consent to a
temporary arrangement of the Alaskan
dispute. This has practically settled tho
whole matter for the time being, as the
main features of the arrangement were
originally suggested by the United States.
- Colonel John Hay. the American Secre
tary of State, will sign the last papers
within a few 'lays and Reginald Tower,
British Charge d'Affaires in Washington,
will ratify on behalf of Great Britain.
Sir Louis Davies said this evening:
"The terms agreed upon are simply a
line drawn across Chl.kat Pass, delimin
ated by the river and mountain top*. It
has absolutely no significance except that
I we hope thereby to avert local friction.
Of course an arrival at even a temporary
agreement is satisfactory. So far as the
original contention is concerned we are
just as misty as ever. I see no signs of
reaching an immediate settlement.
"Canada relinquishes no claim by her
assent to this temporary arrangement
and she has not the slightest intention
of allowing her original contention to
lapse to obscurity. '
"It is not our purpose to permit this
new understanding to extend a day longer
than is necessary. The fact that I am
returning to Canada must not be taken
to indicate that a settlement will be
reached by the date of my leaving Eng
land. My return Is necessitated by mat
ters altogether outside the Alaskan affair.
"I am, however, working in conjunction
with the Colonial Office upon the case. It
will not come before the Joint High Com
mission unless a diplomatic settlement is
previously attained."
REPUBLICAN NATIONAL
COMMITTEE TO MEET
Place for the Next Presidential Con-
vention Will Be Selected in
■ December.
CHICAGO, Oct.- 12.— The Record . to
morrow will say: Senator Marcus A.
Hanna intends to issue a call for a meet
ing of the Republican National Committee
in Washington early in December. ; It is
believed the committee will select 'he
city in which to hold the national con
vention. '- ;
Cleveland. Denver, Kansas City. Mil
waukee, San Francisco, Pittsburg, St.
Louis, Cincinnati and Minneapolis will
have delegations of convention boomers
ln Washington when the committee
meets, and there are evidences that
Chicago Republicans will send a dele
gation.
Henry C. Payne of Wisconsin has laid
out a new plan of representation in the
national convention which he would .like
the national committee .to adopt. He
wants the delegates selected In propor
tion to the Republican- vote cas,t for
President in 1896. Mr. Payne, it ls said,
has ascertained that a large proportion
of the Republican National Committee
men regard his plan with considerable
favor.
Samoan Correspondence Issued.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Foreign Office
has issued the correspondence which
passed between it and C. N. E. Eliot,
British commissioner to the Samoan con
ference, regarding Samoa and the report
of the joint commissioners of July 18,
inclosing a draft of the amended act for
Dewey there donned his uniform of full
admiral of the navy and then with the
State and city committees entered a lan
dau and through long lines of cheering
people was driven to the foot of State
street, where a column of about 500 men
was awaiting to participate in the parade.
The Norwich University Cadets formed
a personal guard about Admiral Dewey's
carriage.
. The parade began at 2:30 and the route,
nearly three miles in length, lay through
streets lined with bunting and flags. The
cheering was continuous and the admiral
was kept busy during the entire time in
returning greetings.
Before the marchers reached the Capi
tol grounds the admiral's party left the
carriages and ascended the State House
reviewing stand. The procession con
tinued through the main streets and up
through the Capitol grounds, salutes be
ing given as each company passed the
admiral.
A separate stand had been erected be
side the one on which the admiral stood
and on this were over 200 members of the
State and city reception committee. On
the lawn in front a thousand spectators
were massed, with as many more at the
foot of the slope and across the street.
The parade was completed at 4 o'clock
and when quietness had been restored
Governor Smith, turning to Admiral
Dewey, extended to him the welcome of
the State of Vermont, at the same time
presenting to him the medal which the
State had enacted should be given him
as a memorial. Then the Mayor offered
the welcome of the city and the formal
exercises were at an end.
The admiral was escorted back to his
car after a short reception at the State
House.
The day wound up with a gorgeous dis
play of fireworks on the ground behind
the Dewey cottage and an immense bon
fire on Capitol Hill. It is claimed that
the fire was the largest ever constructed
in the country. The fire was on the top
of the hill, which rises abruptly from the
main street, nearly 300 feet above the
Winooski River, and , seventy-five feet
above and directly behind the Capitol
dome. There were used in the construction
of the pile 1000 barrels, 700. railroad ties
the lumber from two buildings and an im
mense quantity of other combustibles.
The expense of the fire was borne by the
State and city. The pile had been guard
ed night and day since completion, and
the government of the islands. Included
in the correspondence is a communication
to Mr. Eliot, dated April 13, in which
Lord Salisbury reviews recent events and
announces his appointment on the com
mission and a note from Mr. Eliot under
date of July 26, giving to Lord Salisbury
a brief narrative of the proceedings o"f
the commission.
Flood of Immigrants
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— More than 3100
immigrants passed through the Barge
Office ■ to-day. Of these 940 arrived on
the Oceanic last night, SSO on the Ems,
320 on the Trave and 253 on the Alsatia.
Invented a Refining 1 Process.
EVERETT, Mass., Oct. William R.
Smith, known as the man who first re
fined petroleum, died at his home here to
day aged 72 years.
I je!i*r^* /f\?\ t_s3 ti?*g V^ «*__ffj&^E^^
I Ewj _g_^_ak fgjL mm
I Underwear]
i .
■ _jjES555_ T' E__JSS_ssi_sssy
•____ V w l^— -*r — \ _H
II ■•_____>/"" Xl* /_■ Worsted Wool Underwear, ||
''"'■'-__■ y^ W?*% unshrinkable and form fitting, p|
/ in gray and ecru, also gray*
$f / with blue or pink stripes,
' r^ ■ * ast co * ors — re
— a well-known brand, cele-
B brated for its sanitary quali-
'Mi _________■ ties ' fl- ecin 8 -'nside is woven
"S! lpjr^ wk JSfiBJ into tne fabric ' will last as
HGI * ne body ; colors light blue,
I K^a7^]_M_!l^^sMJ_l ft i
j^^f^/ 718 MARKET ST.. X^tog/ I
W$ Out-of-town orders filled — write us. 0
♦ HOME OF EDWARD DEWEY, I
4> Where the admiral is staying. It «>
* occupies the site of the old home, 1
<i> which has been removed from its I
I original location. T
#-»-4>-*-<S>-e-<3> -♦-,■-♦- 3> -♦-<_--♦-<s-♦-•
to-day many barrels of oil and tar were
spread over it. The ignition was by elec
tric current, and a signal was given by a
rocket. The fire was set at 9 o'clock, and
the flames shot 100 feet Into the air, light
ing up the country for miles around, the
glare being seen thirty miles away. The
pile burned until long after midnight.
The jewel presented to Admiral Dewey
by the State of Vermont is of beautiful
design, the top bar supporting a rising
sun, which holds in each tip the dia
monds, making four stars, the emblem
of the admirals rank. Below, held by a
ribbon, is a shield, on which is a like
ness of the admiral surrounded by eight
een diamonds. In relief, on the shield,
is another anchor with a representation
of. the flagship Olympia on the stock.
Below is a wreath with Vermont's coat
of arms. The bottom bar bears In raise
work the- words "Welcome Home."
To-night Admiral Dewey witnessed a
fine display of fireworks near his old
home, nut about 10 o'clock ho i-ti_-„«.a
to his sleeper and retired. At midnight
his car was attached to a special train
and taken to Northtield.
CHARGED WITH SLANDER
BY A NEW YORK MAN
Ex-Chief Justice Vincent of the New
Mexico Supreme Court Placed
Under Arrest.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— William G. Vin
cent, a prominent attorney of Chicago
and ex-Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of New Mexico, was arrested to
night in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel
charged with slander and defamation of
character. The complainant is Charles G.
Davis, editor of the Wall Street Review
It is alleged that Vincent, who had a
quarrel of years' standing with Davis, ap
plied abusive epithets to Davis in the
hotel on Wednesday, and also recom
mended that the clerk of the hotel show-
Davis to the hotel detective. Vincent
gave $1000 cash bail.BOERS DECLARE WAR AND COMMENCE
MOST AGGRESSIVE ACTS:
JOHANNESBURG, Oct. 12.— War was declared
yesterday. The formal declaration occurred at
10 o'clock this rooming.
VRYBURG, Cape Colony, Oct. 12.— A body of
Boers have cut the border fence, advanced to
ti)e railway and cut the telegraph wires. Two
thousand Boers are now occupying the railroad
line.
LONDON. Oct. 13.— When the Cabinet
meets at noon to-day it is evident
the Boer advance will be in full
swing. Judging from present ap
pearances the Boers are preparing
for a simultaneous invasion at five sepa
rate points— Lalngs Neck, Kimberly, Vry
burg, Mafeking and Lobastsi. Therefore.
It is almost impossible to guess the plan
of campaign. A dispatch from Durban,
dated Thursday morning at S o'clock, an
nounces that the Boers seized Albertina
station and demanded the keys, which
were delivered to them by the station
master, who reached Ladysmith on a
trolley car. The excitement at Ladysmith
Is increasing and the troops are ready to
act at a moment's notice.
It is now definitely known that the Brit
ish Government sent no final proposals to
Pretoria. The Transvaal's ultimatum fore
stalled that Intention.
News received thus far shows that
no shot has yet been fired. The evacuated
district between Charlestown and New
castle, Natal, has an area of -■"•' 1 square
miles, and consists chiefly of hilly moor
land, sparsely populated.
The Jacobsdal command of the Free
State Boers is marching on the Modder
River.
There is no abatement in the anti-Eng
lish feeling on the Continent. The Times'
Berlin correspondent declares that the
German nation as a whole is unfriendly to
England and that there would be re
joicing on all sides if England should suf
fer disaster, just is the people were
ready to rejoice had America suffered de
feat at the hands of Spain.
Advices from Vienna report that at an
anti-Semitic meeting there Burgomaster
Lueger included both the United States
and England in a charge of ruthlessness
and thirst for gold, especially criticizing
America In her economic dings with
Europe, lierr Lueger. in the course of
his speech, paid homage to the patriotism
and love of liberty displayed by the Boers.
The Daily Mail's correspondent at Lo
bs tsi, telegraphing on Wednesday, says:
"The Boers are on the border preparing
to cross at 3 o'clock to-day. A messenger
sent to the Beors -king them to spare
the women and children has been de
tained.
The home preparations for war are
growing apace. The reservists are re
sponding more actively to the proclama
tion ordering their mobilization and the
Government has engaged more transports.
The morning papers are cussing at
some length the authority of the docu
ments which have recently emanated
from President Kruger's Government. Dr.
Leyds, tho European representative of the
South African Republic, is generally cred-
ited with the authorship of the ultima
tum.
The Daily Mail says: "Certainly neither
President Kruger nor State Secretary
Reitz drafted the message to the New
York World, and it is more probable that
Mr. Smuts (State Attorney) is the author
of this and the ultimatum."
f-*:-bident Kruger is credited with de
clining to quit Pretoria, declaring that,
"like a faithful captain, he will remain on
the bridge whether the ship rides safely
Ino the harbor or goes down into the
■
Harry Escombe, former Prime Miniser
of Natal, was among the last to leave
Charlestown; He still doubts whether the
Boers will really move, into Natal.
Conyngham Greene, when bidding fare
well to the Transvaai Government, men
tioned the case of the Englishman Rob
ertson, who ls imprisoned at Pretoria on
a charge of aUempting to raise recruits
at Johannesburg for the Natal Light
Horse. His friends re seriously con
cerned for his safety and have appealed
to the American Consul on his Desalt.
NON-COMBATANTS
MUST LEAVE MAFEKING
MAFEKING. Cape Colony. Oct. 13.— As
Colonel Baden-Powell's Movement From Mafeking.
View of Mafeklne and the country east to the Transvaal border, some nine or ten miles distant, across which, near Ottoshoop and Roolgrond, Boers to the number of 3500 are said to be in "laager" prepar
ing for a raid. The troops ln the foreground are Colonel Baden-Powell's forces, which left Mafeking yesterday for a more favorable position nearer the frontier. _he road they are on is the same by which
the Jameson raiders left Mafeking for Johannisburg in J896. The border line runs to the southeast, between the last two hills shown on the right.
| the Boers in strong force threaten this
! place the situation is so serious that all
j non-combatants have been notified that
they will be taken away at the expense
j of the Imperial Government and housed
jat Cape Town. A railroad train carrying
| 300 women and children was escorted by
; a detachment of Colonel Baden-Powell's
I force as far south as Vryburg, where the
Cape railway becomes responsible for the
' safety of the passengers.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— Albertina, which a
dispatch from Durban reported as having
been seized on Thursday h,v the Boers, is
a station in the Free State on the Harri
smith line. Harrlsmith is equipped and
officered entirely by Natal troops. Dur
ban advices received here say that the
Royal Irish Fuslleers have arrived there
and that military headquarters are being
removed to Ladysmith, whither General
Sir George Stewart White. General Sir
Archibald Hunter and General Symonds,
with their staffs, have already gone.
MAFEKING PREPARES
FOR AN ATTACK
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 12.— Advices from
Mafeking say that precaution has been
taken against attack and all the streets
are barricaded. According to these ad
vices the Boers Intend to shell the town
before delivering their attack. They are
said to possess twelve guns. Every man
in Mafeking is carrying a rifle and the
military authorities are confident that
they will be able to repel attack, but they
lack the force necessary to follow a Boer
retreat. The convent sisters and many
ladles have elected to stay and nurse the
wounded and houses have been converted
into hospitals. The searchlight on the
fort ls kept working across the veldt.
Three Boer spies have been arrested In
| the town. Railway communication to
I the southward is practically at the mercy
; of the Boers, over 200 miles of the line
being within easy striking distance of
the enterprising commandos.
Sad scenes occurred at the railway sta
tion on the departure of the women and
children by train. It is thought that even
should the main line be blown up at any
polnt the damage can be repaired within
a few hours.
BADEN-POWELL'S FORCE
TAKES DEFENSIVE GROUND
LONDON. Oct. 12.— A dispatch from
Mafeking under to-day's date says that
Colonel Baden-Powell has just sent a
strong British force from Mafeking to
ward the border with field guns and am
bulances, presumably with a view of oc
cupying advantageous defensive high
ground.
Dispatches from Duban. Natal, confirm
the report that the Orange Free State
authorities seized the Natal train that
was leaving Ladysmith yesterday morn
ing for Harrismith. They also stopped a
train due to leave Harrismith in the aft
ernoon. All the rolling stock has been
ordered down the country out of reach of
seizure.
It is understood that telegraphic com
munication with the Transvaal ceased
punctually at 5 o'clock yesterday after
noon (Transvaal time). *
MAKES COMMON CAUSE
WITH THE TRANSVAAL
LONDON, Oct. 13.— 1n reply to the for
mal inquiry of Sir Alfred Milner. Governor
of Cape Colony and British High Commis
sioner in South Africa, President Steyn of
the Orange Free State announces that
the State will make common cause with
the Transvaal.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 12.— 1t is learned
here that the Free State traders have been
heavily commandeered and have refused
to Import more goods, and It Is expected
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13. 1899.
Field Cornet Bringing in a Commando.
(From a Sketch Made for Black and White.)
that the Boers will shortly find difficulty
in obtaining coffee and sugar. The tele
graph wires have Deen cut at Marlbogo,
forty miles south of Mafeking.
BIG ADVANCE IN
ATLANTIC FREIGHT RATES
NEW YORK, Oct. . 12.— According to
Dcean freight agents in the Produce Ex
change, Atlantic freight rates have ad
vanced on ah average of five shillings a
ton. This Increase is due to the fact that
the English Government has chartered
more than eighty steamers. More than
one-half of these were used In the Atlan
tic trade. Agents say that they will not
know what boats have been taken until
the steamships are ready to leave the
other side. Then they will be notified that
the vessels have been taken. Within the
last few weeks ocean freight rates are
said to have advanced 25 to 30 per cent.
HALIFAX RESERVES
TO GO TO THE CAPE
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 12.— The military
authorities here are active in view of the
Transvaal situation. Lord Seymour has
Issued an order for all the reserve men
In and about Halifax to be prepared to
shoulder guns and go to the Cape if neces
sary. To-day the whole reserve force
here was notified of the War Depart
ment's Instructions. The order to the re
serves was that they may be required to
go to the Cape. There are several hun
dred reserves in Halifax.
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
SENT FROM MAFEKING
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 12.— At G;10 Wednes
day evening three carriages containing i
women and children, but not a single j
white man except sick ministers, were i
dispatched from Mafeking- The prepara
tions for the defense of Mafeking are ex
cellent. It is reported by natives at Mafe
king that they were robbed of money by
the Boers at Malmani.
The news of the ultimatum created no
excitement ' at Mafeking. A transport
rider suspected of carrying details daily
across the border has been arrested there.
STRICT NEUTRALITY
OF THE UNITED STATES
WASHINGTON, Oct. Although ;
urged to tender the mediation of the !
United States to aid Great Britain in her .
operations against the Boers, and again .
to assist President Kruger's forces ln op- j
posing the British, President McKlnley \
has decided to maintain strict neutrality '
ln the South African war. The official !
announcement of this as the attitude of
the United States was made by the State
Department to-day. This announcement
was undoubtedly prepared by Secretary
Hay after consultation with the President
and his Cabinet, and forwarded to Wash
ington for publication by the State De
partment. Appended is the statement is
sued by the State Department:
The President has received a large number of
petitions signed by many citizens of distinction
requesting him to tender the mediation of the
United States to settle the difficulties existing
between the Government of Great Britain and
that of the Transvaal. He has received other
petitions on the same subject, some of them
desiring him to make common cause with
Great Britain to redress the wrongs alleged to
have been suffered my the Outlanders, and
especially by American citizens tn the Trans
vaal, and others wishing him to assist the
Boers against alleged aggression. It Is under-
Stood that the President does not think it ex
pedient to take action In any of these direc
tions. As to taking sides with either party to
the dispute it is not to be thought of. As to
mediation, the President has received no Inti
mation from either of the countries that the
mediation of the I'-ited States would be ac
cepted, and In the absence of such intimation
from both parties there is nothing In the rules
of international usage to Justtf- an offer of
mediation in the present circumstances. It is
known that the President sincerely hopes and
desires that hostilities may be avoided, but If,
unfortunately, they ...ould come to pass, the
effort of this Government will be directed—
they are at present— to seeing that neither our
national Interests nor those fat our citizens
shall suffer unnecessary Injury.
Formal application that the United
States protect British Interests In the
Transvaal had not been made to the State
ultimatum^'' ° Ct ' 12 Followln * ,s the text of the British reply to the Boer
"Chamberlain to Milner, High Commissioner, 10-45 p. m
October 10, 1899: '
"Her Majesty's Government has received with great regret the
peremptory demands of the South African republic, conveyed in
your telegram of October 9. You will inform the Government of the
South African republic in reply that the conditions demanded by the
Government of the South African republic are such as her Majesty's
Government deems it impossible to discuss."
Department up to the close of office hours
to-day, nor had the department been in
formed that war had actually been de
clared. It is understood that Consul Ma
crum, stationed at Pretoria, Is well
equipped with instructions relative to the
course he shall pursue, both in the mat
ter providing protection for Americans
and ln looking after British Interests, and
that he will take action Immediately upon
receipt of a direction to make proper rep
resentation to the Kruger government
relative to the assumption by this Govern
ment of the protection of British Inter
ests. Mr. Macrum cabled the State De
ARMORED TRAIN
REPORTED DESTROYED
Big Loss of Life Will Result, and the
News Is Unofficially Con-
firmed.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 13.— A
dispatch from Vryburg says an
armored train has been de-
stroyed. It is feared that much
loss of life will result. The news
has been unofficially confirmed.
The first shot of war, it is now
admitted, has been fired. Before
Kruger's ultimatum was issued
it came from a Boer patrol, who
fired on the mail train from Na-
tal. The seizure of a mail train
in the Free State at Harrismith
is also reported.
»..__■____— —____-^^cnr-©^ ©"o'©-<y;cso mr&^ttTjsszmTt^g-gvrA'mrs,
I :^^^^^?'°l
I ii |^oTtliNO^
" 111 111 ■"• ILvlllinU
i i Overcoat weather. I
•rat CO- »■ o.OCIID.I.ffI. 9
1 Now is time to stop thinking about get- |
I ting your fall overcoat and buy one. |
1 We meet you with a fine line of coverts, |
1 kerseys, cheviots, oxfords, meltons and %
I vicunas from $12 $0 to $25. I
I We have made every one of the over- |
1 coats ourselves and fully guarantee them — p
I they are "Yeargood" overcoats. That means |l
I that they are kept in repair free for one |
8 year. B
1 But we always return a man's money on I
I a "Yeargood" overcoat if he wants it. I
1 If you are interested in Prince Alberts, we I
I wish you would see our line of imported 1
I vicunas, all silk-lined and sewed they will |
1 meet your fancy. I
. 1
I Boys' Middy Suits, j
I In blue and mixtures, some with large sailor collars, |
• 1 others with the short collars and silk-faced lapels; |
i ages, 3 to 10 years; an excellent value for |
I $i 2.75 a suit. * 1
I @)S.N.WOOD gCO(^) J
I \*ft}2s/ -71a MARKET st- Miip^j/ |
a . /... m ../ " H
1 Out-of-town orders filled— write us. B
v ■-.. n . ■
partment inquiring as to the method to be
pursued in the matter of certification of
American citizens, and It ls presumed
that this Inquiry was prompted by a de
sire to furnish the Boer Government with
a list of Americans in the Transvaal.
Acting Secretary Adee in reply informed
him that Americans should be registered
In the consulate, and the fact of such reg
istration ought to prevent their getting
involved ln any trouble, provided, of
course, that, following the example of
their Government, they remained strictly
neutral.
34
FIFTH FIZZLE IN THE
ATTEMPT TO RACE
So Scarce Is the Wind Off Sandy
Hook That There Is Agitation
to Change the Course.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13. —
Sandy Hook at 2 a. m. reports
thick fog and no wind. The
Weather Bureau predicts light
winds for to-day. The pros
pect of a race to-day is not
good.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12— A blanket of
fog over the course and the utter
absence of wind caused the fifth
successive lizzie when another at
tempt was made -das to sail the
first of the Columbia-Shamrock se
ries for the international trophy. The
yachts will try again to-morrow.
The repeated failures have had a most
discouraging effect on the general pub
lic and there was a great falling off in
the number of excursion boats as well
as the number of their passengers when
the fleet gathered around Sandy Hook
lightship to-day at the time set for the
start. The heavy fog made navigation
not only exceedingly difficult but very
dangerous. The ships of the fleet that
did brave the perils of the fog could only
crawl out to their destination, keening
double lookouts forward and their fog
whistles constantly going to avoid col
lision. At times it was Impossible to see
fifty feet ahead and it was an uncanny
spectacle to have a big, ghost-like hull
loom up close aboard. The mist lay
thickest upon the surface of the water
and on the way down the bay the top
royal yards of several big clippers could
be made out when their hulls were In
visible. The yards seemed to be suspend
ed in midair without support. Down in
the lower bay the fog was not quite so
thick and about 10 o'clock a light land
breeze from the west gave a faint hope
that it would send the fog out to sea and
furnish good racing conditions later on.
So the racing sloops let go of their moor
ings and were towed out to the starting
line. There they got their sails up and
drifted about, rocking in the gentle
ground-swell. But the haze did not lift
and the breeze, instead of increasing,
died away altogether. When the time
came to signal the course the weather
vane at the masthead of the committee
boat, which would respond to the breath
of a sleeping infant, lay limp and life
lees against the staff. Shortly after 12
o'clock, by mutual consent, the commit
tee boat hoisted the letter "R" on the
triatic stay, meaning race is off.
The Bails were lowered and the tenders
of the two yachts took them In tow back
to the Horseshoe, while the excursionists
sailed homeward. Mr. Iselin's interview
in this morning's papers protesting
against the savage criticism of the Co
lumbia, which has been liberally in
dulged in by some of the newspapers
and appealing for the Yankee and her
crew until the race is completed, evi
dently touched a patriotic chord, for on
the way back every excursion steamer In
the fleet sailed alongside and saluted,
while the passengers gave the white
beauty three rousing cheers and a tiger.
The repeated flukes off Sandy Hook
have led to some agitation for a change
of the course to Newport, where there is
usually a breeze, or to Marblehead. of
the Massachusetts coast, where no diffi
culty would l"- experienced in getting
plenty of wind, but it is hardly likely that
any change will be made. The regatta
committee argues that this sort of
weather cannot last at this time of the
year.
The early morning hours at Sandy Hook
Bay gave little promise of a race. The
weather war fairly clear for a few miles
seaward at S o'clock, and there was a
light breeze from a little south of west
but up to the northward, toward the Nar
rows, the fog still hunt, thickly.
Mainsails were hoisted early on both
yachts, and soon after 9 'clock th. cast
off from their moorings and were 'towed
out to Sandy Hook lightship. Club top
sails were mastheaded on he way out
the Columbia setting a smaller one than
was shown on Wednesday afternoon. The
Shamrock's was apparently larger than
any yet seen aloft. It was bent 01 two
light aluminum spars, and its narrow
cloth radiated from a center band like
a jib.
Th- yachts arrived off the lightship at
10:10 a. m. Casting off their towllnes and
breaking out their headsails, they circled
about the lights for an hour 'or so in
the light southwest breeze, waiting for
th.. commit! boat to arrive. The fog
showed a disposition to clear off about
this time, but there was hardly wind
enough to give the yachts steerage way
For an hour after the committee boat ar
rived there was no more wind, and no
prospect of any, so at 12:10 lock after
a consultation between those in charge of
the yachts, both agreed to call the race
off, a gun was fired and the code signal
letter "R" was hoisted, announcing that
fact to the assembled fleet. A few min
utes later, as agreed on a few days ago,
another gun was lined, calling attention
to the signal that the race would be run
Friday. The Manning and other revenue
cutters, the torpedo boat Porter and all
other vessels having the signal letters
hoisted them, so that all the fleet micht
know of the committee's decision before
going back to the city.
The sails of both yachts were taken in
as they were towed back to their moor
ings In the Horseshoe, where they arrived
at 1:30. The same persons were aboard
______________H>l^i£uSi_____l JK^fe fflP*'^^^^^^^^^^^'^H<_&™ fc^ "• m i^ _______f : J_l__ _»^^l-W___J ;^J_frjP"^^ P^^ 8k jJf|V H*^ffffl _______^B
"'•_»?_, Tnis is the Pl ace where business and profes- _j_Sßil4_-» l W!_^l- I W--. _/^ The wholesale prices cut less of a figure with jl B
■^■W^LmWimflZZ-m ''B sionai men, who have always had their clothes __• l j| 7a W ' I _ __r these gentlemen than the great wholesale assort- T* WCrfCVVB mWlf/E^M
____r^_^^_B___r__B^_^!_wß___ Inade t0 order ' are now hu \' in X readvto-wear suits ' ment ,hat enables us t0 suit anJ nt Practically '^ '-!si^l_Vvß mW/llaTsnWmm
/*^^'^m^^S__nlf^r >_>B '-f'j and overcoats— with entiie satisfaction. ; >» EVERYBODY. __B_W_Tt"~ Wiilfg IkWJ'maW.
m LPW RAVQ' <X_Q DETOitrpD QI TITQ QI Rfl WJ I I\ ■
ILi o /v%Til nttr tfi oUllo ■ / j ...1 \ ■
_____^_B _B__Jm__l M C_*_/4o V clothing house— with its established reputation for straight, broad-gauge dealing and its system of retail- * gggj m
l^riClflV ing at actual wholesale prices. /\ifv_s>
mgffiiM -- W^' \WIgBMSB CL 4-***v.A** This is a first-rate cassimere wholesale— to draw special attention this goodly variety choose T^l- _•_____* ■_-_-_ ggg | r<^L___!!_l
1 r*"""B__B_ PV C 4-_ .4. This is a first-rate cassimere 3-piece (VESTEE) suit— and you have a goodly variety to choose Hri-,*,^^ 4--_ HHp— p ji
WMW4 &__ $0&M&0l$ _53.L1l rQfIV from. It is not cheap or trashy— yet, if it is not just what you want, we have the largest assortment of I II IV V LU ll&^p^ I J_f?~^B
WsmssM 'WSmMM high-grade Boys' Clothing in San Francisco, and we can afford to sell lower than the biggest retail house flEipllw I IS^^W
W&W^ Wsm§^m 71/1 A in the world. We have no manufacturer's and wholesaler's profits to add to the cost of our goods. Pif_»_ - I'_" -WB_XBB /liPillf
SpW^\ " WswW*M lYlOnflfly These suits (retail value $3) will cost you $2 to $2.25 next week.— Come at once if you can. J__,lj£llL wSSßn^' M^'W
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Linotype
Company, London, cabled to Its
chairman, Joseph Lawrence, who is
Sir Thomas Lipton's guest on board
the Erin for the yacht races, ask
ing him to ascertain how far Mar
coni's system of wireless telegraphy
has proved successful in reporting
the yacht races. The following re
ply was received:
"After full investigation I am
satisfied that wireless telegraphy
has been fully successful in the
present Instance and promises to be
of utmost utility in future for news
papers. JOSEPH LAWRENCE."
NEW YORK, Oct. 12. — Signor
Marconi has completed the usual
perfect arrangements for sending
bulletins of to-day's yacht race to
The Call and the Herald.
Sigmr Marconi to-night received
a telegram from San Francisco to
the effect that Mr. Cross of Hono
lulu is now on his way to New
York to consult with Marconi rela
tive to the establishing of a system
of interisland wireless telegraphy
for Hawaii. Instruments for exper
imental stations on the different
Islands have already been ordered,
and will be in Honolulu by the first
of November. Mr. Cross has urged
Marconi to make a trip to Hono
lulu, and it is not unlikely that he
will go.
the Columbia and the Shamrock as have
been there on previous days.
LIPTON'S GUESTS
GET INTO A COLLISION
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The steamer
William Fletcher, with the guests of Sir
Thomas Llpton on board, collided in the
fog with the ferryboat West Brooklyn
just iff Governors Island soon after 8
o'clock this morning. Both boats sus
tain..! considerable Injury. The Fletcher
struck bow on. carrying away her nose
and making a big hole in the ferryboat's
port side above the water line.
The Fletcher returned to the barge of
fice and landed her passengers. They were
transferred to the tug E. S. Atwood. and
in about half an hour left for Sandy Hook
to board the Erin. The ferryboat was
taken to her slip at South ferry by a tug
boat.
COMMENT OF TWO
YACHTING PAPERS
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Yachting World
says to-day with reference to the interna
tional race for the America's cup: There
are three points regarding which the mind
of the public is now satisfied. The Co
lumbia is no match for the Shamrock in
light weather; the Americans are stretch
ing somewhat In Sir Thomas Upton's fa
vor in agreeing to race dally, and the
criticism of Captain Barr, the Columbia's
skipper, forms the only jarring note in
what so fir has been a most harmonious
contest, for it is evident that it is no fault
of Barr that the Columbia will not travel.
The Yachtsman, discussing the time
limit, says that while no modifications ap
pear possible it is to be regretted that the
, races have not been started at an earlier
hour, when wind and weather conditions.
so far as experience up to the present
time would indicate, -m to have been
better calculated to Insure a finish.
M'KENZIE FOUND NOT
GUILTY OF MURDER
Jury in the Napa Murder Case Ar-
rives at a Verdict in
Seven Minutes.
SUISUN. Oct. 12.— Ex-Sheriff MeKenzie.
accused of complicity in the murder of
Alfred Cook at Napa, was acquitted this
evening by a jury in the Superior Court.
Th.- verdict was reached after a deliber
ation lasting but seven minutes. Only
one ballot was taken. When the verdict
was announced MeKenzie shook hands
with each of the Jurors.
MINER IS KILLED.
Very Peculiar Accident Resulting
Fatally at Nanaimo.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 12.— A very
peculiar and fatal accident happened in :
No. 1 shaft in the Nanaimo coal mines, |
whereby David McNevin, a miner, was !
suddenly killed. It appears that he had
put in a shot and stepped out of the way
to wait tor the explosion, to lake place.
The shot exploded and a piece of flying
rock struck a prop near where McNevin i
was standing, knocking It down. In fall
ing it struck McNevin in the back of the
neck in >.uch a. way as to break it, kill
ing him instantly.
Strike in Sympathy.
WINNIPEG, Man.. Oct. 12.— The black
smiths and boiler-makers on the Canadian
Pacific Railroad, western division, struck
to-day in sympathy with the machinists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
AMHEI DESTROYED AND
FOUR THOUSAND PEOPLE
KILLED BY AN EARTHQUAKE
AMSTERDAM. Oct. 12.— A dispatch to the Mandelsblad from Batavia. the capital of The Netherlands Indies, Java, says
that a violent earthquake has visited the south side of the island of Ceram, completely destroying the town of Amhel
and killing instantly some 4000 people, as well as injuring some 500 others. The dispatch says details of the disaster
have not yet been obtained.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12.— of the severest earthquakes ever felt here took place to-night exactly at 9 o'clock, and
following one which occurred at 7 o'clock this morning it created much excitement. A minstrel show, which was in
progress at Athanaeura Hall, was brought to a hurried close and the audience rushed from the building. Chimneys were
thrown down and plaster in many parts of the city was shaken from the laths. A few minutes after two other shocks of a
similar nature, but less severe, followed. The people are much disturbed, as the shake-up was more in the nature of an at
mospheric disturbance than an earthquake, and was not felt In Petaluma, sixteen miles south of here.
This adds 100 men to the strikers. The
company had offered to remedy individual
grievances, but would not recognize the
union.
IDENTITY OF BANK
ROBBER PARTLY CLEARED
Believed to Have Been Dr. Lewis, a
Young Man Who Once Held
High Place.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— The mystery as to
the identity of the man who tried to rob
Charles H. Patten's bank in Palatine
September 21, and who was mortally
wounded in the attempt, was, it is
thought, cleared up to-day by one who
believes himself to be a brother of the
dead man, and by C. A. Partridge of
Waukeegan, adjutant general of the Ill
inois department of the G. A. R. Both
are positive that the man who lost his life
while in the commission of a crime and
who now lies in a nameless grave in the
potters field was Dr. William L. Lewis,
a graduate of two medical colleges; a li
censed physician, and a man who was
driven to the deed by the excessive use
of morphine.
Dr. Lewis was 2C years old and lived
most of his life in Wisconsin. He trav
eled extensively, and it was considered
had a brilliant future before him. His
linen was marked with the initials W. L.,
and after being wounded he gave his
name as Walter Lawton, admitting the
name was assumed. He refused to the
last to disclose his identity, saying that
he did not care to have his relatives in
New York know anything of the disgrace
he had brought upon them.
After being wounded he showed much
knowledge of surgery, engaging at one
time in an argument with the physicians
as to whether he was bleeding internally.
Something over two years ago he was
seized with pneumonia, and, opium being
used as a medicine, he became a victim
of the drug. It is believed by his rela
tives that he was in an unbalanced men
tal condition when he attacked the bank.
The fact that Dr. Lewis, who had been
living at the Palmer House ln this city,
has never been seen or heard from since
the day of the episode at Palatine, to
gether with the marking of "Lawton's"
linen, first brought his family to the be
lief that the men were identical. The
body will be exhumed for identification.
BURNED TO DEATH BY
THE YAQUI INDIANS
Horrible Death Accorded to American
Miners Who Were Engaged in
Prospecting.
MARQUETTE, Mich., Oct. -Willis
Maguire, formerly an attorney at Mar
quette, now of the mining district of So
nora, Mexico, has written that his two
mining partners, Ramsey and Miller, who
undertook to work and prospect in terri
tory overrun by Yaqui Indians, were cap
tured and burned at the stake.
.».
INTERESTING WEDDING.
Miss Grace Welsh of Stockton and W.
E. Elliott of This City.
STOCKTON, Oct. 12.— The marriage of
Miss Grace Welsh, eldest daughter of ex-
Mayor J. M. Welsh, the millionaire miller
of this city, to William E. Elliott of tho
San Francisco lumber firm of Seymour &
Elliott, was a society affair and attracted
a very large attendance at St. John's
Episcopal Church, where the ceremony
was performed by Dr. MacKinnon to-day.
It was a beautiful wedding, and the fair
young bride was charmingly gowned. The
church was elaborately decorated, tha
prevailing colors being yellow and green.
Mr. and Mrs. Elliott left on th.- afternoon
train for San Francisco, and after an
' ocean trip will reside in the metropolis.
DEAD IN THE ROAD.
San Franciscan Believed to Have
Committed Suicide.
STOCKTON, Oct. 12.— body of a
middle-aged man, supposed to be A. Hay
mann of San Francisco, was found lying
near the county road, three miles north
of Stockton, this afternoon with a bullet
hole in the head over the right temple. A
pistol from which one shot had been fired
was found beside the body, and the fol
lowing note i was found in the clothing
when the remains reached the morgue:
"My only wish is that my body be sent
to Alfred H. Haymann at 239 Clinton
Park, San Francisco.
"A. HAYMANN.
"P. S.— Please cremate my body."
ARRESTED FOR FORGERY.
Crime of a Youth but Eighteen Years
of Age.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 12.— A boy giving
his name as George H. Conard was ar
rested yesterday in Cottonwood by Con
stable Campbell on a charge of robbery
and forgery. He is about .18 years of age
and Is accused of forging the name of
Comrad to a check for $200, and passing
same in Cottonwood. He returned the
money to the firm, and it is unlikely that
he will be prosecuted.
Was a California Pioneer.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— Alfred Dewltt of
Elizabeth. N. J., died suddenly at his
summer nome in Staatsburg, N. "V., aged
81 years. In IS4B Mr. Dewltt made a trip
to California on the brig Belfast and
there established the commission house of
Dewltt, Harrison & Co. Mr. Dewltt re
tired from active business In 1871.
PEARL HART
ESCAPES FROM
PRISON CELL
Famous Woman Bandit and
Stage Robber Once More
at Liberty.-
HELPED BY A MAN
She and Her Accomplice Are Now
Thought to Be Safe Across
the Mexican Border.
Special . Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 12— The latest and
probably the final act, so far as the
public will ever know, in the dramatic
career of the famous woman bandit,
Pearl Hart, occurred this morning be
tween midnight and daylight. Some time
between those hours she succeeded in
making her escape from the county jail
in this city.
Several months ago this woman, with
a male companion, held up and robbed
a stage in the mountains in the central
part of the Territory. With several
hundred dollars in cash and considerable
jewelry, as the booty of the hold up, the
pair journeyed across the mountains and
desert ln vain attempt to reach the rail
road in the southern part of the Terri
tory. When within one day's journey of
Benson, on the Southern Pacific, they
were discovered and arrested. The
woman took the entire responsibility for
the robbery and gave as the reason her
desire to reach her mother, who she
had heard was dying in Cleveland, Ohio,
With her unsavory reputation she had
been unable to borrow the money or ob
tain it in any other way.
In order to secure fitting accommoda
tions. Miss Hart was soon removed from
Florence to this city ami lodged in a
comfortable room on the second floor of
the county jail, far removed from the
other prisoners. Her absolutely unique ca
reer has attracted widespread attention
and there has been much public interest
manifested in her case. Some weeks ago
an unknown man was lodged in jail on a
charge of drunkenness. After his release
he was soon recommitted on a sixty-day
sentence for the same offense. By his
good conduct he secured the confidence
of the officers and was permitted many
liberties. These he used profitably In
planning the successful escape of Pearl
Hart. Yesterday he easily left the jail
unnoticed, as he was permitted to go
around the building and yard. During
the night he returned to the courthouse,
adjoining the jail, made his way to the
staircase leading to the tower of the
courthouse and, passing under the roof,
reached a point nearly on a level with
the celling of the room occupied by Pearl '
Hart. At this point only plaster and
lathing formed the wall and soon a hole
a foot square was cut through. Miss
Hart arranged a sheet to catch the falling
plaster to avoid the noise and then piled
up her furniture to enable her to climb
out. It is not known in what direction
the fugitives went, but they are supposed
to be safely across the Mexican border.
Miss Hart frequently boasted that she
would not come to trial on a charge of
violating a law in which she, as a woman,
had no voice in making.
FOR THE BETTERMENT
OF THE LOWLY RED
Mohonk Conference Favors the Tak
ing of the Indian Service
Out of Politics.
MOHONK LAKE, N. V., Oct. 12.— The
Mohonk Indian conference to-day re
ceived the report of the committee ap
pointed last year to recommend a scheme
adapted to carry into effect the views
expressed tn the platform of last year's
conference. The report disavows any
purpose of personal attack upon the pres
ent administration of Indian affairs. It
declares that the Indian service should
be taken out of politics; that the commis
sion should not be regarded as a politi
cal office; expresses confidence in the
present Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; advises
that the present system should be re
garded as temporary, to be simplified, so
far as possible, and that such a policy
should be adopted as will tend toward Its
gradual abandonment. Several methods
which have been suggested with this end
in view are discussed without approval.
Finally It was recommended that the
agencies should be discontinued as fast
as it becomes practicable in each case.
Several agencies were mentioned which
in the opinion of the commission might
soon be abolished. The supply of rations
and payment of annuities should also be
discontinued as soon as possible. The
agents should be Included in the classi
fied service. The report was discussed
at length by the conference and with
most amendments unanimously adopted.
Addresses from Dr. Flssel of the Hamp
ton Institute and Dr. Slocum, president
of the Colorado College, received close
attention.
ACCIDENT ON FRESNO TRACK.
Collision Which Fortunately Results
in No Injury.
FRESNO, Oct. 12.— 1n point of attend
ance to-day's races were the best of the
week. The track was very sticky. Three
favorites and one second choice won.
An accident occurred in the second heat
of the district pace and trot, which, how
ever, did not result in injury to man or
horse. Worth Ober was leading with
Ociana Belle, Clark second and Lot
tie Lilac and Colonel X R third. At the
mudhole near the half Ociana Belle fell
to her knees. Clark, who was behind,
called out. "Look out." Ober thought he
said "Pull out," and he pulled to the
right. Clark could not stop and he ran
over Ober's sulky, breaking the, wheel.
Lottie Lilac was, of course, thrown off
her gait and Colonel X R forged ahead.
He finished first, trying to shut out Lottie
Lilac, but the mare got under the red
flag. After a consultation the judges
gave the heat to Colonel X R, Lottie
Lilac second and allowed Ociana Belle
to start In the next heat. The time was
2:28.
A special race, four and a half furlongs,
for two-year-olds, was added to the pro- I
gramme. Cowboy won, Steel of Diamond
second, Ahawahnee third. Time, :57 2-5. !
The starters in the six-furlong handi- I
cap were Jim Brownell, Jack McCabe. I
Alvero and Beaumonde. Alvero and |
Beaumonde sold at even money. Beau
monde won, Brownell second, Alvero
third. Jack McCabe balked and refuse
to start. No time given.
Summaries of the harness events:
2:20 pace and trot.
Ociana Belle (Ober) 13 1
Colonel X It (Regan) 3 1 2
Lottie Lilac (Clark) 2 2 3
Time, 2:20—2:28—2:30.
2:15 pace; purse, $1000.
Don (Crawford) *2 1 1
Dlctatreaa (Kent) 1 2 3
Fanny Putnam (Stevenson) 3 3 2
Time, ;— 2:18".*— 2:20.
•The first heat was declared off, as the judges
thought Don had been pulled.
- '
SULLIVAN BESTS MURRAY.
Knocks Out the Cincinnati Lad in the
Sixth Round.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— At the Hercules
Athletic Club to-night "Spike" Sullivan
of Ireland knocked out Jimmy Murray of
Cincinnati In the sixth round of what was
to have been a twenty-five-round bout, at
133 pounds, before a crowd of 3000 specta
tors. Murray had been heralded as a
wonder from the West and was expected
to give the Irishman a hard run. Sullivan
was at no time in danger, but took no
chances, and wore his man down with
body blows until he was able to send over
a swing to a vital spot. He wasted no
time in preliminary sparring, but went
right to his man and forced him about
the ring with left jabs to the face and
left and right to the body. ,_ -,.-' '■•.
Murray opened the second round with a
straight left to the face and ducked a
dangerous right-hand swing, sending
rights twice to Spike's jaw. Spike con
tinued his play on the body, and, suddenly
shifting, sent Murray to the floor with a
left swing on the jaw. Murray was on
his feet in time, but stood away for the
rest of the round. The following two
rounds were all Sullivan's, and in the fifth
he brought down Murray's guard with left
and right to the body and swung his
right 'to the jaw. sending the stern
man to the- floor. Murray was weak when
he regained his feet, and Spike sent him
down again with a right swing on the
chest. Murray regained his feet just as
the bell rang.
Murray was very weak when he came
up for the sixth, and Spike forced him
about the ring with left and right swings
to the head. Twice he went down from
right swings on the jaw. but each time
struggled gamely to his feet. After get
ting to his feet the second time Spike
swung his left to the chin and Murray
went down and out. Time of round, two
minutes and twenty-two seconds.
INGHAM TESTIFIES
IN HIS OWN BEHALF
Accused Conspirator Declares He
Was Imposed Upon by the
Ring of Counterfeiters.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12.-In the trial
of ex-United States District Attorney
Ellery P. Ingham and his law partner
and former assistant, Harvey K. Newitt,
on the charge of conspiracy and bribing
a secret service operative, Baldwin S.
Bredell, who was concerned in the en
graving of the counterfeit revenue stamp
plate, and Samuel B. Downey, ex-deputy
revenue collector at Lancaster, were
called to-day by the Government, which
then rested Its case.
The defense then called witnesses to
prove the good reputation of the accused
and the bad reputation of the witness who
had turned State's evidence. The de
fense's witnesses included Judges of the
Superior, county and local courts, law
yers, clergymen and business men from
this and other cities. The most promi
MASSACRE OF GERMANS
IN SOUTHWEST AFRICA
Force Sent to Quell Disturbances by Na
tives Is Led Into Ambush and'
Annihilated.
 , nrrWp A to-day from South
er IVERPOOL, Oct 12.-The steamer Niger, which arrived to-aay iroxn d
T I west Africa, bring, news of the massacre of Lieutenant Guise German Com
LIVERPOOL, Oct 12.-The steamer Niger, which arrived to-day from^ South
west Africa, brings news of the massacre of Lieutenant Guise -German Com
missioner at Rio del Rey. near Old Calabar River, on the Bight of »»rra.
j ■■ and also of Herr Lee Meyer, a German trader .together 'i*™ native aoi
J-J dlers and carriers constituting an expedition formed by Lieutenant ouwe
to quell disturbances near the Cross River, which forms the boundary De
tween British and German territory. ambush He
A native chief was taken as a guide, but led the expedition ™°*™°™*-."':
was promptly shot when the Germans received a volley. They fought courage
ously but were outnumbered and slain. The natives then the & hbo ™
factories and murdered the native employes, after which they crossed into BrU_
ish territory. Two British traders who were warned had a narrow escape man
aging to get down the river in a canoe and to reach Rio del Rey, where tney
found only a solitary German official and a half-dozen black soldiers. . .
Great excitement prevailed at Rio del Res when the Niger left on September
17. as it was thought the natives might come there. News has been sent to tne
Cameroons, from which point a German relief expedition could be dispatcher
nent was former Governor James A.
Beaver of this State. ,
Shortly before court adpjourned for the
day Mr. Ingham was placed on the stand
and proceeded to tell his story. After
giving a brief sketch of his career he told
of his first meeting with William Kendig.
the confessed counterfeiter. He said he
had acted In the capacity of counsel for
Kendig and William M. Jacobs, the leader
of the conspiracy, who misrepresented
their case to him. He said Kendig told
him that he and Jacobs were the victims
of a conspiracy, and they were anxious
to know if private individuals could seize
their plant for debt. Mr. Ingham was still
on the stand when court adjourned.
MILLS CASE NEARLY
REACHED ITS CLOSE
Experts Will Be Called to Testify as
to the Authenticity of a
Statement.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 12.— Mills
estate contest is rapidly nearing an end.
After a tew more rebuttal witnesses are
heard to-morrow arguments will begin.
The most Important witness to-day was
Maria Chatham Gardner, one of the
plaintiffs. She testified that when Rachel
Hill, a sister of Mills, was visiting him
at Belmont, she (the witness) frequently
stopped with them and always called
Mrs. Hill "aunt Rachel," and received
presents from her. William Campbell
testified that Mills told him at Half Moon
Bay that he had two children. The plain
tiffs will have an expert to-morrow to
prove that the alleged statement left by
Mills is not genuine.
SHOT AS A RESULT
OF AN ALTERCATION
Frederick Smith, a Blacksmith of
Santa Rosa, Badly Wounds
Charles Shoemake.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 12.— Fred Smith, a
blacksmith of this city, is locked up in
i the County Jail. After an altercation
; with a young man named Charlie Shoe
make, Smith fired four times at him with
a revolver. The fourth bullet struck
I Shoemake in the neck, inflicting a wound
I which may prove dangerous.
Smith was examined before District
I Attorney Webber to-day and had his pre
: liminary examination set for Monday be
fore Justice Brown.
CUBAN SUGAR NEEDED.
Havana Paper on the United States
Market Outlook.
HAVANA, Oct. 12.— Patrla says to
day:
There is no need to fear that the United
States can get all the sugar needed by the
Americans from the American sugar islands.
The most that Porto Rico can produce is 100
--000 tons. Hawaii could not produce 450,000 tons.
The Philippines are as yet unconquered. and,
moreover, they are twenty-five days distant.
Hawaii, counting the freight by sea to San
Francisco and the railroad freight to the East
ern coast, could not compete in the Eastern
States with Cuban sugar, which takes only
five days to reach New York.
The annual consumption of sugar in the
United States is not less than 2,000,000 tons, and
it is steadily increasing. If we take away the
550,000 tons supplied by Hawaii and Porto Rico
there is a balance of about 1,500,000 tons to be
obtained from Louisiana and the Philippines.
Louisiana suppplles only 250,000 tons, which she
will not be able to increase on account of the
lowering in prices caused by allowing Hawaii
and the Philippine sugar to enter the United
I States. The Americans, therefore, will be
compelled to apply to Cuba.
WILL LEAD THE REBELS.
Billinghurst to Direct the Rising of
Peruvian Malcontents.
' LIMA, Peru, via Galveston, Oct. 12.—
The Government published a dispatch
from the j Peruvian Consul at Iquiqui,
Chile, saying that a newspaper there de
clares that G. E. Billinghurst, former
Vice President of Peru, has cabled his
political friends that the revolutionary
movement will he continued with greater
vigor than ever, supported and directed
by him. _\ -
No such attempt, however, in the
opinion of well informed persons, can
succeed, as the people are opposed to rev
olutionary agitation and desire peace and
order.
Bockefeller Defeats Carnegie.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 12.— A battle be
tween the Rockefeller and Carnegie Inter
ests on the Great Lakes, which has been
under way for several days past, culmin
ated to-day, apparently in favor of the)
former. Mr. Rockefeller has practically
cornered the lake freight market, and the
Carnegie company must now pay double
this year's carrying charges on iron ore
next season. :■;.
FAVOR TEACHING
OF THE CLASSICS
Archbishops Again Ap
peal to the Pope.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *».
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING* ;
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.—'
! Pope Leo XIII is to be again petitioned
I by' the archbishops of the Amerlcai
! church to allow Christian Brothers to re
-1 sume the teaching of classics in the
! schools in this country. This was the im-
I portant subject under consideration by
j the archbishops in their meeting to-day ■
!at the Catholic University. There were
i present Cardinal Gibbons and Arch-
I bishops Williams of Boston, Corrigan of
i New York, Rvan of Philadelphia, Elder
j of Cincinnati, Ireland of St. Paul, Christie
of Oregon, Matz of Milwaukee, Riordan,
; of San Francisco, Bourgade of Santa Fa
; and Kain of St. Louis, the latter being
I secretary of the board.
The prelates, after a long debate, con
| eluded to reaffirm the petition sent to
Rome last year regarding the status of
the Christian Brothers in this country.
Archbishop Riordan, who is going to
Rome to make his visit ad limina. was
appointed representative of the American
hierarchy and was instructed to ask for
a perpetual dispensation for the brother
i hood to teach classics in their American
schools.
It is also proposed to plead especially
the cause of those brothers who have
been sent into exile becauss they have
carried .out the wishes of the American
archbishops. There are now twelve of
these, prominent among whom are Broth
ers Paulian and Justin of New York,
well-known educators; Brother Maurellan
of Nashville and Brother Fabrician, for
mer head of the college in this city. All
of these men were conspicuous in the
order her® and are now serving in minor
positions in foreign lands. The arch
bishops hope that their status may be
changed by Archbishop Riordan's efforts.
Holy Cross College, an affiliation of the
Catholic University, was dedicated with
solemn services this afternoon at 4 o'clock
by Cardinal Gibbons. Mgr. Martlnelli,
apostolic delegate, and, with the excep
tion of three members, the entire board
of archbishops of the United States as
sisted at the ceremonies.
SUCCESSFUL FAIR FOR
ALL SAINTS CHURCH
Rev. Father Lally, Aided by Promi
nent Ladies of Haywards, Has
the Matter in Charge.
HAYWARDS, Oct. 12.— There is In pro
gress in Haywards one of the most in
teresting social events ever held in Ala
meda County. It is a fair for the benefit
of All Saints Church. Rev. Father Lal'y
planned the work several months ago and
the ladies have been working with en
thusiasm ever since. The parish of All
Saints Church feels that in Rev. Father
Lally it has a pastor of untiring efforts
one who labors Incessantly to improve
and beautify the church.
It is to help the good father to whom
they are so devoted that the ladles are
working, so diligently. The following
ladies have the booths in charge:
St. Mary's booth— Mary McKeever, as
sisted by the Misses Frances, Ethel and Gene
vieve McKeever. :'.•>-•
All Saints' booth— Misses Anna Haas and
Mary White, assisted by Mrs. Scb.un.an and
Miss Tina Haas. .   .
•Dewey booth— Misses Anna Cahill and Nora
Stanton, assisted by Miss Kate Cahill, Mrs. J.
Smith, and Mrs. John Geary.
St. Madeline's booth— Mrs. Golarte. Mies
Pann and Mrs. Zambrlskey.
St. Anthony's booth— Dr. Garwood, as
sisted by the Misses May and Isabel Garwood.
Fish pond— M. O'Neill, assisted by Miss
Kate O'Neill. •'.•■-.>••■-.
Candy table— Miss Emma Strobrldge, assisted
by Miss Ulna O'Neill.
Refreshment table — Miss Mary Mulverhill, as
sisted by Miss Theresa Barnes.
Among the interesting features v of thel
fair will be voting contests, a Cakewalk,
dancing and musical entertainments. A
flag is to be voted to the most popular
lodge, a gold headed cane to the most
popular gentleman.
Visalia's Tax Rate Fixed.
VISA LI A. Oct. 12.— At a meeting of thel
Council last night the tax rate for the
city of Vlsalia for next year was fixed
at $1 65 per $100. This Includes the High,
School tax levy.MINNESOTA TROOPS
GIVEN A WELCOME
BY THE PRESIDENT
Mr. McKinley Reviews the Thir
teenth Regiment and Warmly
Praises the Volunteers.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 12.— From a plat
form in front of the Minneapolis Exposi
tion building President McKinley this aft
ernoon voiced the nation's welcome to the
Thirteenth. Minnesota Volunteers, just re
turned from the Philippines, and delivered
an address to thousands of cheering peo
ple.
The President and his party were driven
to the exposition building directly after
having viewed the long parade from the
reviewing stand on Nicollet avenue. About
the platform in front of the building,
where General Harrison was nominated
for President of the United States by c
convention presided over by William Mc
kinley, were massed the returned volun
teers. Behind them was a crowd whose
numbers could scarcely be estimated. The
cheering broke loose as soon as President
McKinley, Governor Lind and General
Summers of the Second Oregon Volun
teers appeared on the platform. Dr.
Cyrus Northrup, president of the Univer
sity of Minnesota, presided over the exer
cises and the invocation was pronounced
by Bishop Isaac W. Joyce of the Metho
dist Episcopal church.
Mayor day spoke the words of greet
ing to the soldiers and distinguished
guests on behalf of the city, and Governor
land on behalf of the State. The Gover
nor paid a strong tribute to tho returned
volunteers.
President McKinley was greeted with
cheers that continued for several minutes,
and throughout the delivery of the ad
dress the applause was frequet. Said he:
I have come from the capital of the nation
that 1 might give the nation's welcome to a
regiment of the nation's fenders. I have
. come to speak the voice of love and gratitude
which comes from every American heart to-day
thai loves the tlag. I have come to hid you
welcome because you did your duty, ami that
1b the highest tribute that can be paid to any
foldler anywhere; and I do not think the mem
bers of this regiment, or the regiments consti
tuting the Eighth Army Corps in the Philip
pines, realize the Importance and heroism of
their action niter the treaty of peace was
signed and ratified 1 want to say to you men,
and to Colonel Summers— General Somers now,
because of his gallantry— that the officers and
men of the Eighth Army Corps sent to Wash
ington a message t. ...ng me that they would
stay in the Philippines until I could create a
new army and send it there to take their
places. . . ._
1 come to bid you welcome and give you the
honor of the nation because you sustained the
tlag of the nation, because you refused to stack
arms, refused to sound retreat. And you have
come back, having a high place In the hearts
and affections of the American people and grat
itude that will continue for all time. You have
also by your services added much to th. cause
of huma'nitv, added much to the advancement
of the civilization which has so characterized
the century just now fading away. This cen
tury heralds the most wonderful progress of
the world known to all history.
The century now drawing to a close has been
most memorable in the world's progress and
history. The march of manking in moral and
intellectual advancement has been onward and
upward. The growth of the world's material
Interests is so ast that the figures would al
most seem to be drawn from the realm of im
agination rather than from the field of fact.
All peoples have felt the elevating influences
of the century. Humanity and home have been
lifted up. Nations have been drawn closer to
gether In feeling and interest and sen
timent. Contact has removed old prejudices at
home and abroad, and brought about a bettor
understanding which has destroyed enmity and
prompted amity. Civilization has achieved
great victories and to the gospel of good will
there are now few dissenters. The great pow
ers under the inspiration of the Czar of Rus
sia have been sluing together in a parliament
of peace seeking to find a common basis for the
adjustment of controversies without war and
I waste. While they have not made war Impos
sible, they have made peace more probable and
have emphasized the -....,: love of peace.
They have made a gain for the world's repose;
und Americans, while rejoicing In what was
accomplished, rejoice also for their participa
tion ln the great cause yet to be advanced, we
trust, to more perfect fulfillment.
The century has blessed us as a nation. While
it has not given us perfect peace, it has brought
us constant and ever-increasing blessings and
Imposes upon us no humiliation or dishonor.
We have had wars with foreign powers and
the unhappy one nt home— but all terminated
ln no loss of prestige or honor or territory, but
a gain in all.
The increase of our territory has added vastly
to our strength and prosperity without chang
ing our Republican character. li has given
wider scope to democratic principles and en
larged the area for republican Institutions.
I sometimes think we do not realize what we
have, and the mighty trust we have committed
Ito our keeping. The study of ipraphy and
history have now more than a passing interest
to the American people. It Is worth reading
that when the Federal Cnion was formed we
held 909,760 square miles of territory and in less
than 100 years we have grown to 3,845,513 square
miles.
The first acquisition. In 18 3. known as the
•'Louisiana purchase." embraced 8^3,072 square
miles, exclusive of the area west of the Rocky
Mountains. Its vastness and value will best be
understood wh.cn I say that It comprises the
entire States of Arkansas, Mississippi, lowa,
Nebraska. North and South Dakota and parts
of the States of Minnesota. Kan. Colorado,
Montana, Wyoming, Louisiana, all of Indian
Territory and .urt of Oklahoma. It would
fcfm almost incredible to the present genera
tion that this rich addition to the Federal do
main should have been opposed, and yet It was
resisted In every form and by every kind of
ass_ult. The ceded territory was characterized
a« a "malarial swamp." its prairies destitute
of trees or vegetation. It was commonly
charged that we had been cheated by giving
J15.000.000 for a territory so worthless and pesti
lential that it could never be Inhabited or put
to use, and it was also . a ely asserted that
the purchise would lead to ci replications and
wars with European powers. Iji the debate in
the Senate over the treaty a distinguished Sen
ator from Connecticut said:
"The vast and unmanageable estate which the
lyoulsiana acquisition will give the United
States, the consequent dispersion .' our popu
lation and the destruction of that balance
which It is so Important to maintain between
the Eastern and Western States, threatens at
n s T" mi n
PITIABLE!
r
f indeed pitiable
_cc men and
in with broken-
constitutions,
oung people
turning gray
long before
it should —
men and
women grow-
.. ing prema-
turely old.
"In ninety-
nine cases
ut of every 100,
ho cause of
remalurc de-
ay is nervous
li< stioa fore-
io a t I n th c
finds of such
men and women
my health,
Irength and
I\*> vf_^w»| brings back
Dswe r 1 s
rings back
strength and the
low of perfect
health.
HUDYAN promptly corrects those dis-
tressful symptoms that denote nervous
disorder, such a. headaches' (fig. 7), hol-
low eyes (fig. 6). sunken cheeks and pale-
ness (fig. 5), coated tongue (fig. 8), palpi-
tation of heart (fig. 4,. indigestion {fig. 3),
torpid liver (fig. 2), weakness of. limbs
(flg. 1).
HUDYAN cures sleeplessness, despond-
ency, clouded memory, lack of energy,
that all-gone feeling. HUDYAN recuper-
ates exhausted, weakfand worn constitu-
tions. HI DYAN gives a renewed impetus
to the circulation and creates a healthy
appetite. ■ •
Get HUDYAN from your druggist, BOc
a package, six packages $2 50. If he does
not keen it. send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Kills and
Market streets, San Francisco, Cal.
. CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CAL-J OR WRITE.
no very distant day the subversion of our
Union."
A distinguished Senator from Delaware said:
"But as to Louisiana, this new. Immense,
unbounded world— lf it should ever be incorpo
rated into the Union, of which I have no Idea,
and which can only be done by amending the
constitution. I believe it will be the greatest
curse that could at present befall us. It may
be productive of Innumerable evils, and espe
cially of one that I lear to ever look upon.
Thus our citizens will be removed to the im
mense distance of two or three thousand miles
from the capital of the Union, where they will
scarcely ever feel the rays of the genera] Gov
ernment, their affections will be alienated, they
will gradually begin to view us as strangers,
they will form other commercial connections
and our Interest will become distinct * * •
and I do say that under existing circumstances,
even supposing that this extent of territory was
a desirable acquisition, fifteen millions of dol
lars was a most enormous sum to give."
A distinguished representative from Virginia
said:
"I fear the effect of the vast extent of our
empire." He feared the effects of the Increased
value of labor, the decrease In the value of
lands and the influence of climate upon our
citizens who should migrate thither. "I fear
(though this land was represented as flowing
with milk and honey) that this Eden of the
new world will prove a cemetery for the bodies
of our citizens."
Imperialism had a chief place ln the cata
logue of disasters which would follow the rati
fication of this treaty, and It was alleged that
it was the first and sure step to the creation
of an empire and the subversion of the con
stitution. The phrase which is now employed
by some critics, "planetary" policy," so far as
I have been able to discover, first appeared
here. Jefferson was made the subject of satiri
cal verse:
"See him commence, land speculator.
And buy up the realm of nature,
Towns, cities, Indians, Spaniards, prairies."
The opponents, however, were in the minority
and the star of the republic did not set, and
the mighty West was brought under the flag
of justice, freedom and opportunity.
In 1819 we added 68,749 square miles, which
now comprises Florida and all parts of Ala
bama, Louisiana and Mississippi. In 1846 we
received the cession of Texas. It contained
376.931 square miles and embraced the State of
Texas and parts of Oklahoma, Kansas, Col
orado, Wyoming and New Mexico. The next
cession was under the treaty of IS4B, contain
ing 622,568 square miles, embracing the States
of California, Nevada, Utah and parts of Col
orado and Wyoming and of. the Territories of
Arizona and New Mexico.
In 1853 we acquired by the Gadsden purchase
45,535 square miles, which embrace parts of
Louisiana and New Mexico.
The next great acquisition was that of
Alaska in 1667, containing 699,446 square miles.
This treaty, like that of the "Louisiana pur
chase," was fiercely resisted. When the House
had under consideration the bill appropriating
the sum of $7,200,000, the amount of purchase
money for Alaska agreed upon by the treaty,
the minority report on that bill quoted ap
provingly an article which characterized Alaska
as a "terra incognita," and "that persons well
informed as to Alaska are ungrateful er.ough
to hint that we could have bought a much su
perior elephant ln Slam or Bombay for one
hundredth part of the money, with not a ten
thousandth part of expense incurred in keeping
the animal in proper condition."
The minority report proceeded to say that
"the committee having considered various ques
tions involved and the evidence In regard to
the country under consideration, are forced to
the conclusion that the possession of the coun
try is of no value to the Government of the
United States; that it will be a source of weak
ness Instead of power, and a constant annual
expense, for which there will be no adequate
return; that it has no capacity as an agri
cultural country; that it is known that it has
no value as a mineral country; that its trade
is of insignificant value to us as a nation and
will speedily come to an ned; that the fisheries
are of doubtful value and that whatever the
value of its fisheries, its fur trade. Its timber
and its minerals, they were all open to the
citizens of the United States under existing
treaties; that the right to govern the nation or
nations of savages in a climate unlit for the
habitation of civilized men was not worthy of
purchase." They therefore reported the follow
ing resolution:
"Resolved, That It is inexpedient to appro
priate money for the purchase of Russian
America."
In the debate in the House a distinguished
Representative from Massachusetts said:
"If we are to pay for Russia friendship this
amount, 1 desire to give her the {7,200,000 and
let her keep Alaska. 1 have no doubt that at
any time within the last twenty year., we could
have had Alaska for the asking, providing we
would have taken it as a gift, but no man, ex
cept one insane enough to buy the earthquakes
of St. Thomas and the ice fields of Greenland,
could be found to agree to any other terms for
its acquisition to this country."
To this treaty the opponents were in the
minority and that great, rich territory, from
which we have drawn many and many times
over Its purchase price, and with phenomenal
wealth yet undeveloped, is ours in spite of their
Dpposltion.
In the last year we have added to the terri
tory of the United States the territory of the
Hawaiian [stands, one of the gems of the Pa
cific Ocean, containing 6724 square miles; Porto
Rico, containing 3600 square miles; Guam, con
taining fifty square miles, and the Philippine
archipelago, embracing approximately 143,000
square miles. This latest acquisition is about
one-sixth the size of the original thirteen
States. This is larger than the combined area
of New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina and the District
of Columbia. It equals in area all of the New
England States. It is almost as large as
Washington and Oregon combined and greater
than Ohio, Indiana and Illinois united. Three
times larger than New York, and three and
a half times larger than the State of Ohio.
The treaty of peace with Spain, which gave '
us the Philippines, Porto Rico and Guam, met j
with some opposition in the Senate, but was j
ratified by that body by more than a two-thirds
vote; while in the House the appropriation of
$20,000,000 was made with little or no opposition^
As in the case of the Louisiana purchase and
Alaska, the opponents of the treaty were In tha
minority and the star of hope to an oppressed
people was not extinguished.
The future of these new possessions Is in the
keeping of Congress, and Congress Is the serv
ant of the people. That they will be retained
under the benign sovereignty of the United
States I do not permit myself to doubt. That
they will prove a rich and invaluable heritage
I feel assured. That Congress will provide for
them a government which will bring them
blessings, which will promote their material
Interests as well as advance their people In the
path Of civilization and Intelligence, I confi
dently believe. They will not be governed as
vassals or serfs or slaves— they will be given a
government of liberty, regulated by law, hon
estly administered, without oppressing or ex
acting, taxation without tyranny. Justice with
out bribe, education without distinction of so
cial conditions, freedom of religious worship
and protection in life, liberty and the pursuit
•>'. happiness. >
Attorney General Griggs was. next in
troduced. In a brief address he praised
the volunteers for their gallantry in ac
tion and complimented them on their good
appearance.
Secretary Long of the Navy was the
closing speaker. B_t_B
"I am one with you." said Secretary
Long, "in love and admiration for the
President of the United States, who
stands before you, the representative of
that great country whose citizens you are.
I am one with you also in your love
for your own great State. And I
am one with you In your appre
ciation cf tho navy of the United
States. I thrill through and through in
admiration for its achievements. I recall
the fall of Santiago before the guns of
Sampson—"
At this point hundreds of voices in the
crowd interrupted the Secretary's re
marks with shouts of "Schley! Schley!
Schley!" The Secretary paused a mo
ment and then said:
"Mv friends, there is glory enough for
all. If I were to attempt to enumerate
the names of all these who took part in
the great naval achievements you .would
never have your dinner before I had con
cluded."
General Summers, responding to calls of
the soldier boys, came forward and bowed
his acknowledgments amid frantic cheers.
"We left Old Glory floating in Luzon,"
he said, "and if necessary we will go back
there to defend it."
At the conclusion of the exercises the
returned volunteers were served with an
elaborate dinner In the exposition build
ing. The Presidential party was driven to
the residence of Thomas Lowrey for din
ner and at 6 o'clock was conveyed to St.
Paul on the interurban trolley line.
Visited by Grand Officers.
WOODLAND. Oct. 12.— Grand President
'Trautner and Grand Treasurer Guenther
made an official visit to Concordia Lodge
No 20. Sons of Herrmann. Wednesday
The officers for the term were installed
and several new members initiated. The
grand officers were banqueted.
Brewster Hotel Is Sold.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 12.— The Brewster
Hotel of this city was sold to-day by
the State Loan and Trust Company of
San Francisco to Graham A. Babcock
for $60,000,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
CAPTURED
TOWNS ARE
ABANDONED
General Schwan's Expedition
Marching Back to
Manila.
HAS MANY PRISONERS
»
Filipinos Reoccupy Trenches as
Soon as the American Troops
Withdraw.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct. General Schwan's
expedition having accomplished its ob
ject, the troops are all returning to their
former positions, abandoning the towns
taken. General Schwan is en route from
Perez de Marinas to Imus, with the in
fantry, while the artillery and cavalry
and all mule teams are retracing their
route from Malabon to Bacoor, with the
signal corps removing the wires. General
Trias, with the organized bodies of insur
gents, retreated to Silang and Indang, at
the base of the mountain.
The movement of United States troops
was a fine display of American general
ship and energy, while the Filipinos made
what General Alejandro terms "our pe
culiar method of warfare."
The whole country is an immense
swamp, and the Filipinos never expected
that the Americans could or would at- |
tempt to invade it during the wet season. j
Moreover, the line of march furnished a
succession of surprises, the advancing !
troops being generally attacked from the j
unexpected points.
In Cavite province, the scene of the hot- j
test fights and their greatest successes
over the Spaniards, the Filipinos might
have been expected to make a resolute •
stand, if anywhere, but after their whip
pings at Cavite, Vicjo and Noveleta their
tactics consisted chiefly in a continuous |
exhibition of their agility and their trans- j
formation from warriors to amigos.
The marines, while reconnoltering about |
the scene of Sunday's encounter. find ,
that the trenches have been already re- ,
occupied, although the enemy manifested j
more than their usual willingness to re
treat before the Americans. Bands have j
appeared along the shore road between j
Bacoor and Rosario and the troops re- !
turning by that route expect another |
light at Rosario. At Malabon the Ameri- j
cans corralled two or three hundred na- ;
fives supposed to be lighting men. A few
of them were caught with arms in their |
hands, but large numbers were found in
hiding, dressed in khaki like the Ameri
can uniforms. A majority of them were
in the garb of amigos, but they are sus
pected of shooting at the troops from
houses, a growing habit, which flourished
throughout the advance whenever small
parties of Americans strayed from the
main body. '.
The prisoners are a white elephant on j
the hands of the Americans. The Mala- j
bon contingent spent an unhappy night
incarcerated in a church. A native priest
and an uncle of General Trias were dis- j
covered in the Filipino arsenal outside
the town. They are credited with being
two of the pillars of the insurrection, but j
they vigorously proclaim their innocence. I
The leading citizens of Rosario are ter- ]
porarily engaged in towing a fleet of
cascoes laden with .the American army's :
impedimenta at Bac'oor.
The prisoners, with the exception of |
those caught red-handed, will be released, I
as owing to the fact that the insurgents
have so many more men than guns the
keeping of prisoners Is a useless expense |
unless the policy of reconcentration which !
General Weyler pursued is to be adopted, j
In conversation with an Associated Press
representative a hading merchant of
Rosario remarked: j
"They will all be engaged in their old
business as soon as: released."
When asked where! the army had gone,
the merchant replied:
"The majority of them are here. They
simply hide their guns when they see a
superior force approaching."
The lighting falls the hardest on the
women and children. Hundreds of them |
spent the night before the Americans j
reached Rosario in boats, the bay for |
miles being crowded with small craft ,
containing non-combatants, few of whom j
remained in the town.
The work of commissary and quarter
masters" departments, directed by Cap- I
tains Riddle and Horton, was remarkable
throughout. The transportation of sup- j
plies from Rosario to Malabon seemed to j
be Impossible. The wagons had to be re
peatedly unloaded and reloaded while be
ing dragged through the mire.
General Schwan is marching back with
out the teams, all the loads of baggage
being shipped from Bacoor by cascoes and
the wagons going empty.
A telegraph squad under Lieutenant
Clark kept th" wire abreast of the line to
Malabon, but in order to do this the teams
had to be abandoned and the wire carried
by coolies.
* .
ARAYAT OCCUPIED
BY YOUNG'S TROOPS
MANILA, Oct. 12.--General Young with
two battalions of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry, nine troops of the Fourth Cavalry
and the scouts of the Thirty-seventh In
fantry, left Santa Ana at 7 o'clock this
morning and occupied Arayat at 9 o'clock,
after a skirmish lasting a half hour. Tho
enemy, estimated at 300 men, retreated
toward Magalan. The swampy character
of the country presented the use of
cavalry. The men (if the Twenty-fourth
charged the trenches'. The enemy set the
town on fire and succeeded ln burning a
small section. Five dead and three
wounded Filipinos wjere left on the field.
The Americans had one man wounded.
General Schwan's column is now be
tween Perez das Marinas and Imus. The
roads are very heavy and there has been
no fighting yet.
OTIS SENDS NEWS OF
RECENT OPERATIONS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The War, De
partment to-day received the following
dispatch from Manila, dated October 12:
Schwan's column Is moving on Sapang and
Das Marinas to-day, where opposition is ex
pected. His artillery and wagon transporta
tion is returning to Bacoor by way of Rosario.
A column of 600 men I? marching from Imus
to support Schwan. If necessary. Young. In the
north, has occupied Arayat and supplies arm
being moved up the Rio Grande by cascoes to
that point. Lawton will command the column
when a full concentration is effected. Young's
loss to-day is one enlisted man, who was
wounded yesterday.
The Insurgents attacked the Angelo line, but
were quickly repulsed. ; Six enlisted men were
slightly wounded. OTIS.
Recruiting Almost at an End.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12— task of
recruiting the volunteer army for the
Philippines is practically completed. It
was announced at the War Department
to-day that all the regiments have been
filled except one of the additional colored
regiments, the Forty-ninth, which needs
less than 100 men. These will be secured
within forty-eight hours.
WORK OF FOREST FIRES.
LOS OLIVOS, Oct. 12.— ranger just in
from Zaca Lake and Pine Mountain re
serve reports the only fire In this division
this summer. It had been burning since
Saturday on an almost inaccessible por
tion of San Rafael Range, but was
promptly subdued by the ranger and two
assistants. Monday the fire was confined
to the heavy brush, and the rain to-day
will extinguish the big fire on the Santa
Ynez Range. - .' ,
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. i 12.— The fire In Bear
Creek Canyon played' havoc with the
roads. About four bridges were burned,
and travel from Boulder Creek to- the
summit is impossible.;
■ ♦ »
Children! note the result of beautifying
common things; an object lesson ln
"Keith's" window, 808 Market street, Phe
ian building. ■_'-•- *
WILLIAM L. WILSON
NEARING HIS GRAVE
Former Postmaster General Is Dying,
Hated by the Members of
His Party.
BY O'BRIEN MOORE.
f EX-POSTMASTER GENERAL WILLIAM L. WILSON. 4
WORD comes from the bleak |
hamlet of Martinsburg, W.
Va., that William Lyne Wil
son is dying. Mr. Wilson does
not live at Martinsburg; his
home is at Charles Town, fif
teen miles away, near the northern mouth
of the famous Shenandoah Valley. There
are two towns in West Virginia that
are eternally conflicting. One is Charles
ton, the State capital, situate on the
Kanawha, not far from Kentucky and
Ohio, and with a population Hearing 20,
--000. The other is Charles Town, popula
tion 3000, not far from Harpers Ferry.
and almost within hailing distance of
Washington. Charles Town is aristo
cratic and discontented and only enjoys
life by sneering at Charleston. It is a
popular fallacy that every adult residing
in Charles Town can write a magazine
article and habitually does. Charles
Town has a sign out that it has reached
the limit of Its growth and ambition and
that new settlers are not wanted.
Charles Town was cut off from Virginia
when West Virginia was made a State,
and consequently the town has since been
discontented. All the people of Charles
Town are society people; but they only
hold social relations with Virginians;
there is not a West Virginian outside of
Charles Town on their visiting lists; and
no Charles Town people who are not dis
contented because they are geograph
ically West Virginians instead of Vir
ginians.
• * •
In Charles Town, with its peculiar en
vironment, prejudices and conditions, was
born and has lived William L. Wilson.
In years Wilson Is about midway between
his fifth and sixth decade. He served in
the Confederate Army during the last
year and a half of the Civil War. Often
has he shown me a little tin-type picture
of himself in Confederate gray, standing
at attention with his gun at the "pre
sent." He did not look robust ln the
picture, and as a matter of fact he never
has been robust. Wilson Is not of the
chivalry of Virginia— he springs from the
school-teaching class.
Wilson is a lovable man. Nearly
every one who has had opportunity to be
come acquainted with him has liked him.
He is not warm, nor spontaneous, nor is
He endowed with many of the other
traits that make Virginians so attractive.
But there is a simpleness in him, and
his conversation, while by no means
glittering with wit, is so delightful and
pure that no one who has ever heard
film talk missed an opportunity to hear
him again.
• • *
Wilson's rise in West Virginia was
slow and progressive, and his fall was
sharp and violent. He was the best
loved man in his State— in fact, was
described by common consent as "the
first citizen of the commonwealth." Then
the fatal "curse of Cleveland" fell on
him, and West Virginians derided and
despised him instead of honoring him.
He was called upon in a political emerg
ency to choose "between the people who
loved him and had honored him, and the
President of the United States, who had
made him a member of his official family."
He decided to stand by the President,
and his party in West Virginia turned
on him with such fierce hate that for
a couple of years he deemed It prudent
not to visit his home.
-» * •
Wilson was elected to Congress from
the Second District of West Virginia for
six consecutive terms— twelve years. He
was picked up accidentally. He was the
president of the University of West Vir
ginia, located at Morgantown. .A Demo
cratic Congressional Convention was in
session there and became -deadlocked.
There was balloting for more . than • a
Week, three favorite sons being in the
race. At last the convention broke up in
a row and the three men who were before
the convention became candidates before
the people. The Republicans were united
and it became plain to the Democrats
that they would have to unite or lose
the district. A new convention was called,
the favorite sons stood aside and Wil
son, considered; inoffensive and not of
much account and likely not to be long
In anybody's way, was nominated. Ho
was elected and did not attract much
attention during his first term.
He did, however, attract the attention
of one keen and farsighted statesman,
who at the time was chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee and ' the
leader of the House. This was William
R. Morrison of Illinois. Morrison is the
real discoverer of Wilson. Morrison found
that the ex-college president was a stu
dent and had looked deep into the tariff
question. Morrison was looking for men
of that kind and when the next Congress
convened he got Speaker Carlisle to put
Wilson on the Ways and Means Com
mittee. From that time until the blight
of Clevelandism struck the Democratic
party Wilson was a power in Congress.
• * «
He was chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee and leader of the
House during the Fifty-third Congress.
He is the author of the tariff bill that
has gone to history labeled with his
name. The industries of West Virginia
were hit hard by the Wilson bill. He
put wool and coal and lumber on the
free list. This touched the pockets of
such Democrats as ex-Senator Henry G.
Davis and ex-Senator J. N. Camden. They
built a cave under Wilson and on election
day his Republican opponent had the bet
ter of him by more than 2000. .
. • ■ » *
The writer of this accompanied Wilson
during his . last Congressional ! campaign.
I was then the Washington correspondent
of the St. Louis Republic and a very de
voted friend of Wilson. We traveled to
gether, ate together and slept together.'
He. was very primitive in his tastes and
habits. It was his custom to sleep in his
I underclothes— heavy woolen undercloth-
I ing that he wore during the day and
I perspired through during hours of speech
j making. He was pretty well satisfied
that one good washing a week sufficed;
he had no idea of the luxury of the bath.
My tendency to take cold water outward
ly amused him immensely, and the peel
ing off of all my "duds" at night and
my wearing of night garments he re
garded as a personal invention and to a
great extent a personal affectation. One
night, when our bed was small and our
accommodations very limited indeed, and
he was tired and nervous and could not
sleep, I suggested to him that he might
try my plan of rubbing a cold wet towel
over himself and putting on a nightshirt.
He tried it and soon went to sleep. Since
then he has been devoted to the night
shirt and has hardly ever met me that
he did not express his gratitude for my
"higher education" of him. In fact It
! might be said that the nightshirt struck
j Wilson as the game of poker struck the
Kentuckian— like the dawn of a new
revelation.
Wilson campaigned in very light march
ing order. When he left home his wife
habitually put a clean handkerchief in the
stern-wheel pocket of his trousers. He
made this do duty until he again got
home sometimes perhaps for two or three
weeks. He hated to bother with a valise,
and he regarded a pocketful of papers and
data and a tooth brush as about all that
civilization and emergency demanded of
him to carry. A nail brush that was a
part of my equipage and that I made
work for a living attracted him. He had
never known the use of this article be
fore. He became delighted with it.
Wilson was very much in the dumps at
the time that Cleveland called him to the
Cabinet. A couple of weeks before Ike
Grey of Indiana had died and thereby
created a vacancy in the embassy to
Mexico, Wilson was a candidate for the
post. He expected to get it and wanted
it "mighty bad." But old Matt Ransom
of North Carolina, who had been in the
Senate twenty-four years, had been
knocked out by the Republicans and Pop
ulists of his State and he succeeded in
getting all the Senators to sign a petition
to the President asking for his appoint
ment. He got it, and Wilson was very
sore. He talked freely with me at this
epoch about the "ingratitude of Cleve
land." A few weeks later Bissell resigned
from the Cabinet and left the postoffice
portfolio vacant. It was after midnight
when Wilson came to my office. He told
me that the President had appointed him
Postmaster General; that he had gone to
bed, but his wife reminded him that he
owed me a favor, and so he got up to
come to tell me about It and give me a
"scoop." I had performed a whole lot of
favors for Wilson, and this was the only
occasion that he performed a favor for
mo. Even that time he admitted that his
wife reminded him of It. His mind was
not constituted to think of little things
like that himself.
* * •
I have not seen Wilson since the 27th
of September, 1896. He returned from
Europe the day before, and for a week
preceding my office was crowded with
West Virginians urging me to use my in
fluence with Wilson "not to destroy him
self" by bolting the Chicago ticket. I
went to see the Postmaster General at
his office. He candidly told me that he
would not support the Democratic ticket.
'He said that he regarded himself as in
honor bound to stand with Mr. Cleveland.
I asked him if he felt under more obli
gations to Cleveland than to the Demo
crats of his State, and he, without saying
so. plainly intimated "yes."
A week later he was heartbroken. The
West Virginians made life a torture to
him. He went up to Charlestown to make
a speech for Palmer and Buckner. He- was
met at the depot by three white men and
about 300- negroes. It subsequently de
veloped that his old friends had hired
the negroes to go and receive him. He
delivered I a masterly address at a public
hall, but only fourteen white men heard
him. His neighbors "cut" him. Not one
of his old friends would speak to him.
Even at the little fourth-rate tavern of
OVER 6,000 CURES!
HAVE BEEN EFFECTED LAST YEAR BY _4__Hi^_ §
Dr. Sandefl's Electric Belts fcT^^ I
These Belts Cure at Once Rheu- Vy^|^ mk |
matism, Lumbago, Sciatica, Kidney ; '' '•'"• M^^ 'MM I
Complaints, Lame Back, Etc., Etc. ; a^^^^w^ 1
Electricity is a simple self treatment. If you have that tired, %^n^^^^y^mW '-
all-gone feeling — as though you might break down — Nature yy/y^^-^^^^^r^ **
remedy is safe and it is sure. It is properly applied Electricity. /^^_H^!^r^^f|^^^S^ &
If you cannot call and test the currents at my office write for ( f].f x^^^ff ;___^x
my little book, illustrated, will be sent sealed, FREE. Address! ;//^ / : Y' / §
' DR. T. A. SAN DEN, llf / / / 1
ofl 'l_day 9 _ to 0 1 18 Third Street, San Francisco. • If/ 1
__, If COPrUfCHTEB. §
THE EMPOr-ITJM. |
*jj|P *¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*f£<
* Mme. Idalene's Famous Face Creams— Demonstrated v
ft daily in Drug Department, and their uses explained by Mme. *
ft Idalene herself, each afternoon in private show room back of *
* [Millinery Department. *
* Hazzard, 'ffM ____?_._?__ MS Ilk M J ' F - Vca *°> *
fr Amusing WfMW E™i^iMli U&M Tenor, at *
* Ventrilo- gj |PP* p "" ar%d l m^*%sw9m Concert, *
ft Daily 10 to 5 CMrXAiniASUtK^=J*MERia^C^ STORE . hvemn^ *
| (_^^^_^^d^t^2^_ |
fr /J ALL-DAy **t4--S *
* // Special ales — jy" *
fr (s v *
fr Y. *
* bargain F iday. $15.00
% $15 Jacket. * ayy t
{ To-Day $9.95. ££&
ft like pic- £JF*t^
9- ture, this Jsjf^Fl
* fall style, >¥_*__
J double fe^^i
J breasted, W* *g
J satin-lined _|T i __i
J velvet col- /^^S^^^^^-v
ft lar, new fli^ib^ t\
ft stitched 111 ole ( \
ft seams, Al- I V \
» highly fin- \l°| c ' /\jr\
** ished, sizes -y*\ \\ I ' AwX*)
J32 to 42— ,---vC^' o ]^ &&kj
i special to- tfV^^r*^©^^^^'
* day only at \ P
X -.$9.95 \ f vs
*
ft
ft
ft "Bargain Friday. Four big bargains
* _Vscffwear;°: ' 3 ,^/^-
-* «_______'<'__'_•. 8o stylish Cream
ft SpCCiaiS. Applique Breton
* Wasn Scarfs, very handsome patterns,
J regularly 75c each — to-day 48c
? 32 very handsome Imported Applique
» Scarfs, cr.am color with fancy em-
ft broidered ends, handsome for jabots,
ft the mesh is slightly damaged, scarfs
ft worth if perfect $1.25 to $1.75 each—
* sale price to-day 39c
* 21 Chantilly Scarfs, applique designs,
fr Honiton lace braid edge, black or
J cream, worth $1.50 and $1.75 each —
tt sale price to-day GQc
ft, Ladies' Linen Collars, 95 dozen of toe
ft best quality, sizes 12j._ to 14 2 , regular
* value 12^c each — this lot slightly
fr soi cd — therefore tha sale price to-
* day, each ,5c
ft
fr
* "Bargain Friday. Chil-
-5 Children's 25c d ™'*
J HOSe, 1&C. heavy lxl and 2xl
ft ribbed fast black Cotton Hose, extra
ft double knees and double feet, very elas-
ft tic, sold as a leader all over America at
* 25c per pair — price to-day 16c
fr
ft
ft "Bargain Friday. We offer for
ft Curtain this da 7 onl - v
fr _ur_-f 4____ ____r 1-00 yards of
ft Net, B9CyU. excellent Cur-
* t tin Net, in 10 aitferent patterns, suit-
fr able for long or short curtains, colors
J ecru and white, widths 40, 44 and 50
ft inches, most of it worth 3Jc and 35c per
ft yard, at 19c
*
*
fr "Bargain F'iday. ***.
2 Mincing m
* Knives, m
» We. 17
J Improved Mincing C.7
J Knives, six steel blades, /..fffh
J? quick cutting, regularly •II \ V, x
ft 20c each— for this day iff I \\
ft only WC / \Vll)
» /'/ \ \
* Bargain Friday. [Mi^ \,. \
I Music
5 Folios 34c. i^
ft For this day only we offer Mark Sterns'
fr Mandolin and Guitar Folios, each book
& containing 24 new collections of songs,
J marches, wa.tze.-, etc. — the two books
J for - 34C
ft
ft
ft On Sale To-Morrow «
* (Saturday), r**l J
! Men's $15 Suits ,^M^ f
! for $10. Hfj/i\ ?
ft / fy^A / \ \ *
ft Another of our great Saturday Suit Specials I (sot/ \ \ *
X — choice of two lines of handsome, new A L °\ A, — \ $
ft fall suits for men; one lot is a neat gray (\ L >\/ / '^^_/ *
ft striped worsted, round-cornered, single-breasted \ff V Q/ y&. y% ♦
¥ sack coats, with the latest cut double-breasted j«\ "i = " = 'a. »/^ .' *
¥ vests; the other lot a gray worsted of pleasing pat- ' j \\^ J
J tern — something on th? plaid order — single-breasted i I I j 2
J sack coats and .-ingle-breasted vests; these suits > \ \mJ _$
ml are fine y tailored and perfect fitting; size-" 35 to V \ j . -g
m, 42; regularly $15.0 ) — Saturday 0n1y.. 510.00 *
£»_ --V ______ ________________ ______ .*o
the town he was told that all the rooms
were engaged. He had to drive to Har
pers Ferry and wait for a train. The
three weekly papers of the town have al
ways treated him as dead since the fall
of ? 96. They pathetically. refer to him as
the "late" William L. Wilson. He was
made president of Washington and Lee
University when he retired from the Cab
inet. hen he went there there were 23.
students, and 119 of them immediately
withdrew. And now he has gone home
to die. ■■'' -J:-;:'., t v- •
THE EMPORIUM.
Bargain Friday. Today on ? *
75c Velvets, we offer 18 I
: •_»- «___ mm trm "*h colored i
To-Day 52c. B __ velvet?, J
in 24 different shades of colorings, such «*
as gray, heliotrope, old rose, gobelin _•
blue, navy, etc.; correct material for <•
dress trimmings and millinery purposes; "**
ex-eptiona.lv good value at our regular ♦
retail price, 75c per — Bargain Fri- *
day prica 52© *
Bargain Friday. J
Boys' $2. Suits, *
To-day Only $1.45. «
f There are exactly 97
of tbese good-looking, _*,
O Of ,£|
good - wearing suits "*'
for boys 9to 14 years <,
..-_... _-
of age; suit consists ♦
of double - breasted J
coat and knee pants;
excellent cnssimeres *
in neat dark patterns, «
perfect fitting and *
lined to give the b_st J,
service ; equal in every _?
respect to the ordi- __"
nary $2.50 sorts — $>
your choice to-day *
0n1y...- $1.4-5 4>
__ «
Bargain Friday. 25 dozen *
$1.00 Velvet handsome, *
Collars, 33c. , , I _- ?
picture, made of good velvet, satin
lined and trim- _________ S
mcd with cut _fl2fif| / "^^s. S
steel ornament- /ffiijj'ii ll( L ''H_ _?
iv a variety of /^ —^ _^
des'gns — one of f^^_SS_~^^^^ai 4"
this seasoi's $1 »^^^^!_f^^^^3^^^j <"
novelties in ta '--=-_______=---*^ <*
j neckwear — on spscia. sale this day only, *
eaca 330 *
«
cain Friday. 265 dozen im- 2
25c Collars, p° rted _ ,p - *
_T__ #_«.«. _r_» man Collars, *
f U-MJSiy £C. in these sizes *
lon y: 14, 14^, 15, 17, 17^, 18 and 19, va- *
|rio'_n staple *
styles; the V^Vj *
celebrated /^s >__-___ J
"Kai s c r " s^-__^_-p^ i^ "^s 2
brand; guar- J I<U —^
anteed 2100 ,<>''-'^!>»_J<>_ <"
fine linen -^-^-^U^ \
ani will al- jT /r^" — ~ =s^k *
most out- j ps__= /\ \ _==—^v\
wear two or- I I Ny/ \ J-CT _^^ \ *
linary 25c / 5,
collars. (/?«- S
member there are no 1514, 16 and 16% i
u^es.) Price on such sizes as we have. _*
4 for 25c, or, each 7c *
«
*
"Bargain Friday. Two money-saving J
Milßinerv chances for tais Ja y «
_» * _ i on, y : «*
SpeCialS. Fine imported J
French felt shapes, th season's styles -y
and colors (no blacks), regularly $1.25 _J
each— special price _»£/_? <•
42 Trimmed Hats, of handsome material *
I and our best trimming, always $13.50 J
! and $15.00 each— special to-day o->lv .. *
I $9.95 }
: *
«
Will Fight Jamaica Treaty.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12.— The Califor
nia citrus fruit growers' tariff committee
met at the Chamber of Commerce this
afternoon and adopted a resolution calling
upon, all the citrus growers and associa
tions of Southern California to, contribute
one-fifth of a cent per box on their com
ing season's crop for the purpose of creat
ing a fund to carry on the campaign
against the ratification of the Jamaica
treaty. - ■ . , ; .„-».; : i ."..-_-..■6
ZTfrr _«U
FRIDAY OCTOBER 13, 1890
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1-74.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
S'ng'e Copies. f» cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year fO.OO j
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.80 j
DAILY CALL— )3y Single Month 68« |
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-60
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forward-- when raque«ted.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway j
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
fllon__cr Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
W_RRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. _
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Ummmll j
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. '
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Br-ntano, O. Union Square.
-Carrey HUI Hotel. - '
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
Open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 h-yzs street, open until j
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
O'clock. 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1041 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 2S.C Market ■
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh j
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- |
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Hotel Topsy Tuny."
California— Jewess."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "Satanella."
Alcazar— "Jim the Penman."
Grand Opera House— "Girofle Glrofla."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. ,T. Barth— This day, at 2 o'clock, Fur Rugs, Carpets,
etc., at 41. McAllister street.
PROSPERITY AND POLITICS.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY has shown all of
that political tact and sound common sense
for which he is noted in making the prosperity
of the nation and the people the chief theme of his
addresses to the various audiences that greet him on
his tour through the Mississippi Valley. Prosperity
is indeed the issue of 1 mount interest in the poli
tics of the year, for after all is said and done the
question which the voters will ask themselves in
Ohio and lowa and Nebraska when they go to the
polls will be whether they shall vote for the party
of prosperity or the party of calamity.
The attempt of Bryan and his followers to revive
popular interest in the silver question has failed, and
in not a single State where campaigns are going on
does it hold a prominent place in the discussions of
the people or tnc press. An effort to make a vital
issue on the trust problem has also led, and im-
periah.-.m remains an affair oi individuals rather than •
of partes. In such a condition of politics the only
recourse cf the Democratic orators 1- to denounce
the administration generally and ask for its condem- :
nation upon its record as a whole and not upon any
particular feature, of its policy.
So far. then, as the State campaigns affect na
tional questions at all tin- issue is that of supporting
the administration or opposing it. That fact gives
pertinence to the President's references to the abun- |
dant prosperity which prevails under the operation of
Republican legislation. A protective tariff has
restored our industries, which were stricken ;
down by the Democratic tariff adopted during the ;
Cleveland administration, and the maintenance of ;
sound finance has given confidence to business of all
kinds. From years of panic and depression we have
passed to years of activity in all lines of effort and
every section of the country, and every class of the
people have been benefited.
In his speeches the President has put the issue
fairly before the people. At Vincennes he said: "We
have been blessed with good crops and fair prices.
Wages and employment have waited upon labor and,
differing from what it was a few years ago, labor is
not waiting on the outside for wages. Our financial
condition was never better than bow. We have good
money and. plenty of it circulating as our medium of
exchange. Banks may fail, fluctuation in prices come
and go, but the money of the country remains al
ways good, and when you have a dollar of it you
know that dollar is worth one hundred cents, because
b-ck'of it is the Government of the United States."
At Danville, 111., he treated the issue in another
way and illustrated the degree of our prosperity by
pointing out how easily the people carry an amount
of taxation which to any other people would be an
oppressive burden. "We are," he said, "collecting
just now $1,000,000 for every working day of the
month on our internal revenue taxes and you don't
seem to be very much oppressed here on that ac-
lint We are collecting about $650,000 every work
ing day of every month from the tariff that we put on
foreign products that come into the United States
from other countries and that does not seem to give
you any serious trouble here."
Against the party to whose legislation this prosper
ity is due. and against the administration under which
it has been attained, there is arrayed the party of free
trade, fiat money, class antagonisms and general dis
content. With such a choice before them the intel
ligent voters of the States where elections are to be
held will hardly hesitate. There may be local issues,
or faction fights,, or personal prejudices, or old party
ties which will incline men to vote the Democratic
ticket in those States this fall, but upon national ques
tions there is nothing on which Democracy can
rightly expect the suffrage of a single intelligent pa
triot
The testimony in the Hite divorce case indicates
somewhat clearly that the purchase of a man's honor
is one of the few things that is not -worth the price.
Several of the witnesses have admitted that they re
ceived money from both sides and now feel perfectly
free to be true to neither.
Under the new charter it may be possible to pass
a regulation that police detectives shall not be vac
cinated. In such a case they may be expected to
catch something.
MR. DAY'S EXPLANATION.
aUDGE DAY of Ohio, who was president of
,-,1 the American Peace Commission which nego
tiated with Spain the' Paris treaty, has written
; a letter, published yesterday, explaining the character
of our title to the Philippines.
In this he declares that we have no title by con
i quest. He says: "It must be remembered that we
were in possession only of the city, bay and harbor
of Manila under the protocol of August 12, 1898, pro
viding that the United States should occupy and hold
the same* pending the conclusion of the treaty of
peace."
Gradually from the most authoritative sources the
clouds and mists which have obscured our Philippine
situation are being cleared away. We were in
possession only of Manila city, bay and harbor. Who
held possession of the rest of the islands? Every
Spanish soldier in Luzon, Panay, Cebu and Negros
was a prisoner of war held by the Filipino army and
government. That government, organized by a
proclamation which our Consul Wildman officially
reports that he prepared for Aguinaldo, was engaged
in administration and, as Wildman reports, was exer
cising civil authority "with dignity and justice."
On December 21, .1898, President McKinley
through the Secretary of War, transmitted to General
Otis at Manila an order and proclamation in these
terms: "The destruction of the Spanish fleet in the
harbor of Manila by the United States naval squad
ron, commanded by Rear Admiral Dewey, followed
by the reduction of the city and surrender of the
Spanish forces, practically effected the conquest of
the Philippine Islands and the suspension of Spanish
sovereignty therein. With the signature of the treaty
of peace at Paris on the 10th inst., and as the result
of the victories of American arms, the future con
...
trol, disposition and government of the Philippine
Islands are ceded to the United States. In fulfillment
of the right of sovereignty thus acquired and the re
sponsible obligations of government thus assured,
the actual occupation and administration of the en
tire group of the Philippine Islands becomes imme
diately necessary, and the military government here
tofore maintained by the United States in the city,
harbor and bay of Manila is to be extended with all
possible dispatch to the whole of the ceded territory.
* * * All persons who, either by active aid or by
honest submission, co-operate with the Government
of the United States to give effect to these beneficent
purposes will receive the reward of its support and
protection. All others will be brought within the
lawful rule we have assumed, with firmness if need
be, but without severity so far as may be possible."
In President McKinley's address to the returned
Pennsylvania Volunteers two months ago he said:
"Until the treaty was ratified we had no authority
beyond Manila city, bay and harbor. We then had
no other title to defend, no authority beyond that to
maintain. Spain was still in possession of the re
mainder of the archipelago. Spain had sued for
peace. The truce and treaty were not concluded."
Now, as the treaty was not ratified until February
6, 1899, under the President's own declaration,
whence did he derive authority for his order of occu
pation of December 21, 1898?
At Pittsburg he said: "Until the treaty was rati
fied (February 6, 1899) we had no authority beyond
Manila city, bay and harbor. We then had no other
title to defend, no authority beyond that to main
tain." But on the 2i.-t of the preceding December
he had ordered Otis to "immediately extend the
military government of the United States to the
whole" of the Philippine Islands,!
In the same order he informed Otis that we had
"completed their conquest," while at Pittsburg he
declared that when that order was issued we had no
title nor authority over the islands beyond the city,
bay and harbor, for "Spain was still in possession of
the rest of the archipelago."
Now Judge Day says we had no title by conquest,
though the President asserted such title last Decem
ber. We beg to remind the President that his ad
ministration represents, in a large sense, the country,
and in an important sense the party which elected
him. Therefore the discrepancy between his Decem
ber proclamation and his Pittsburg speech becomes
of overshadowing importance. If, as he said at Pitts
burg, "Spain was still in possession of the rest of the
archipelago" until February 6, 1899, his December,
1898. order for its immediate military occupation by
the United States was a Presidential declaration of
war, a violation of the protocol of August 12, 1898,
and an exercise of authority that he dijj not possess.
If Spain were in possession until February 6, as he
declared at Pittsburg, the armed conflict of February
4. upon territory to which "we had no title to de
fend, no authority to maintain," was not an act of re
bellion against us nor in defiance of a title and au
thority which was not ours.
We are unable to reach any other conclusion, and
what the Republican party needs and the country will
require is an explanation of the order of December
21, 1898, in the light thrown upon it by the Presi
dent's speech and Judge Day's letter.
THE NEED OF THE STATE LIBRARY.
REPORTS from Sacramento are to the effect
that some very important changes may soon
be made in the arrangements of the interior of
the Capitol, inasmuch as the number of volumes in
the State library has increased so rapidly it will be
necessary to provide more space in the building for
storing them. It is said the librarian finds it impos
sible to make room for all the books, and the trus-
tees have applied for the use of the Supreme Court
room for use as a law library.
On that showing it will be conceded the first and
most pressing need of the State library is for more
room and more ample accommodations for its vol
umes. It would. be of little use to add to the num
ber of volumes it they cannot be placed in a position
where they will be convenient and accessible to the
readers. There remains, however, the question
whether the additional space can be better acquired in
the Capitol than elsewhere. If a considerable num
ber of the volumes were in continuous circulation
among the people of the State who are taxed to main
tain the library there would be ample space in the
present rooms to hold those which would remain on
the shelves. ' »
i The Call has repeatedly directed attention to the
' many advantages which have resulted from the travel
! ing library system wherever it has been extensively
| applied. The adoption of that system by our State
library would entail little or no additional expense,
i and would at once solve the problem of book storage.
Were it put in operation several thousands of vol
umes now unread and unused at Sacramento would
be circulated throughout the State for the benefit
j of the public and the usefulness of the library thereby
vastly increased.
Should it be found impossible for the trustees of
the library to adopt the traveling system without
authority given by an act of the Legislature, there
is another plan now under consideration in New Eng
land which might soon be undertaken here. with suc
cess. That plan, which was reviewed in The Call
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
a few days ago, proposes to obtain from Congress an
act extending to libraries the right of sending out
books for general circulation through the mails at
the rate of second class mail matter. In other words,
the aim is to obtain for libraries the same mail facili
ties which are now given to publishing houses.
The movement has found such general and strong
support there is every reason to expect Congress- to
grant the desired privilege at the coming session. It
will then be possible, if the trustees see fit, to keep
a large number of the volumes of the State library
in use among the people instead of storing them
idly and unused on the shelves they have already
overcrowded. There will of course be no objection
to the proposed use of the Supreme Court room for a
law library if that course should be deemed advisable
by the Justices and others interested, but the point
to be borne in mind is that the chief need of the
State library is more readers and not more book
shelves. If the library were made to serve the liter
ary requirements of the taxpayers throughout the
State there would be no storage problem to fret the
minds of the trustees for years to come.
WE publish to-day nearly the full text of an
official report made to our Government by an
agent of the War Department upon affairs in
the Philippines. It is something that should instantly
enlist the attention of the American expansionists
and imperialists. The policy of the Government in
the Philippines is at this time dictated by them, and
they are responsible for everything that follows the
installation of that policy.
Time will prove that it would have been much
easier to begin right, with an upright, honest and
disciplined administration, than to reform and set
it tight after beginning wrong. Imperialists who are
moved by policy and not by impulse will see in this
report a verification of everything said and predicted
by the anti-imperialists. They will see also that un
less vigorous measures are taken to mend our man
ners and purify administration in the islands the
charge will stand that it is a war for the profit of army
followers and contractors.
The report makes an American feel as if he is in
a strange country. It reveals matters that two years
ago seemed so foreign to our scheme of government
and to the genius of our people that one is brought
face to face with a startling change. The unhappiest
of all revelations is that of the persistence of race
prejudice. In our administration abroad we are reap
in; the consequence of so long leaving that prejudice
unbridled at home. The contempt felt for the In
dian, negro and Chinese has been fostered rather than
suppressed. In the Philippines this prejudice flares
up against a people we must have always with us, if
we hold the islands, for none but the natives and the
Chinese can live there and work and produce a sur
plus of the articles of commerce. This prejudice
st; nds in the way, whether our motive in occupa
tion is merely commercial or really educative. A race
against which we feel that prejudice is not to be
educated and elevated by another race that holds it
in contempt and regard it as inferior. It may bet
ter be trusted to continue self-education, with self
government and independence as the prize for its
success.
The report conveys much information on the sub
ject of the indignation and hostility of the people,
and leaves no doubt that the Americans are hated,
if anything, more cordially than were the Spaniards.
Through this report and the declarations of Judge
Day and President Sehurman the people are getting
needed light upon the appalling problem which has
arisen in the East and promises to remain for many
a day to tax our resources and our patience.
THE CUBAN PROBLEM.
J\,\ ORE and more clearly do the imperialists as
/ \ sert their intention to violate all the profes
sions of the Government with regard to Cuba
and if possible bring about the annexation of the
island to our empire. They do not, indeed, refer to
the Cubans as "our subjects," that word being con
fined as yet to the Filipinos, but they are announcing
with no little assurance that the Cubans are unfit to
govern themselves and that any who show a desire
for independence are lacking in "patriotism."
For the purpose of convincing the American peo
ple of the imperative necessity of establishing a per
manent government in Cuba there is now going on
a campaign of education by the imperialist press. It
Is conducted with no little skill. The public is told
that the better class of Cubans do not wish indepen
dence. It is even said that those who fought for it
against Spain are now of the opinion it would be a
bad thing, and they would prefer not to have it.
Along with the imperialists the owners of the big
sugar and tobacco interests of the islands are work
ing for annexation. Admission to the Union even
as a Territory would mean admission to the full
freedom of trade which prevails throughout our do
main. There would then be vast profits for the men
who controlled the Cuban industries and worked
them with cheap labor.
The issue may have to be met at the coming ses
sion of Congress, and should therefore have the ear
nest attention of the people. Imperialism aims at
more than the conquest of the Philippines. It is sup
ported largely by men who desire to exploit the labor
of tropic islands for their own enrichment, careless
of the consequences to American labor or America
welfare. It is safe to say that at present a popular
vote on the subject would result in an overwhelming
majority against the annexation scheme. A cunning
campaign of education, however, worked up by an
occasional disturbance in Cuba, may have the effect
of converting a good many unreflecting persons tc
the imperial scheme. It is, therefore, well to watch
the movement closely, for there is no telling what
may happen next.
The issue, moreover, has its moral as well as its
material aspect. It is not merely a question* of
whether it be expedient to bring into competition
with the industries of our people those of the tropic
islands. There is the further consideration of na
tional good faith. As the "Boston Transcript says:
"in considering the ultimate destiny of Cuba the law
makers at the Capitol must deal not only with the
wishes of the United States but the desires of Cuba.
They must regard as more than a mere formula that
solemn declaration of President McKinley, reiterated
by Congress, that the United' States disclaims any
intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or con
trol of Cuba except for the pacification thereof, and
that, when that is accomplished, it intends to leave
the government and the control of the island to its
people. He who runs may read and, reading, under
stand this plain statement. It is an outspoken decla
ration against annexation."
There are some things connected with the game of
cricket that the American mind fails to grasp." For
instance, in a match at Germantown between the Eng
lish eleven and the gentlemen of Philadelphia Prince
Ranjitsinjhi was unable to play owing to a sore
throat the Prince is no Lillian Russell, either.
AN OFFICIAL REPORT.
VICAR-GENERAL J. J. PRENDERGAST
Says
The Names Associated With
THE CALL'S "HOME CIRCLE STUDY"
ARE A GUARANTEE OF EXCELLENCE.
ST. MARY'S "CATHEDRAL
1100 FRANKLIN ST:
San Francisco, Oct. 10, 1899. .>-«>*,
Editor San Francisco Call — Dear Sgss&^K
Sir: The project of making the / IT a? A
newspaper the vehicle of education i t. R^B|ii
as well as of ephemeral information . - *SBr*^^ft|
will, I think, be universally com- \^^^^^^S
mended. The idea, however, is not il
everything. Much depends on the Wr
way it is real i but the courses vicar-cenerai
seem to me to be well chosen, and j-j-phendergast.
the names associated with them are a guarantee
of excellence. Respectfully,
MARCONI'S MOTHER IS IRISH.
Has Lived in Ireland a Great Deal and His First
Practical Experiments in Wireless Telegra
phy Were Conducted There.
WILLIAM MARCONI, whose wire
less telegraphic invention has
made him a peer of Edison and
Tesla in the scientific world, is
not altogether an Italian. His mother has
something to do with it, and she is Irish
of the Irish. Marconi himself betrays the
nativity of his mother in his Irish blue
eyes and his tone of "devilment."
It came about in this way: About a
half a century ago an Italian of the name
of Charles Bianconi settled in Ireland
He was thrifty and enterprising. He
located in Clonmel, the capital of Tip
perary. He established a stage line and
within a dozen years controlled nearly
all the usual routes of transportation in
the southern province of Ireland. In a
little while— this, it ought to be re
membered, was before the development
of railroads— Bianconi had the contract
for carrying nearly all the Irish mails.
He got "rich, bought an estate and a
castle, and his children are now number
ed among the Irish country gentry.
Bianconi had a nephew of the name of
Marconi, who went to Ireland as chief
veterinary surgeon for the Bianconi
stage routes. This Marconi was a civil
engineer as well as a veterinary surgeon.
He was also an all-around sportsman.
PRESS COMMENTS
Wireless Telegraphy in Practice.
Cincinnati! Commercial Tribune.
For the first time wireless telegraphy
was put to a practical test during the
races between the Shamrock and Co
lumbia. It was a success, though its
practicability under other conditions is
not absolutely assured.
Moving boats accompanied the yachts
on their course. From these dispatches
were sent to receiving stations along
th( shore. The messages were accurate
ly transmitted and easily read, In ad
dition, there was no loss of time, as
the relative positions of the yachts
were known in the news centers of
New York without the loss of more
than half a minute of time or a min
ute at the furthest. : = r
The system of wireless telegraphy is
explained in a novel way in a news
Item in the Public Ledger. It says "a
better understanding may be had by
illustrating the system by means of
tuning forks. Two forks of the same
key will respond sympathetically each
to the other, if either be set in motion.
Forks of dissimilar keys will not effect
each other, even though they be
brought almost into contact. • So it Is
with the Marconi instruments. Ar
ranged by the master's hand, a score
may be stationed about and each will
respond to any signal from any of the
others. But by a simple reversal the
apparatus may be individualized and
signals exchanged between the two. while
none of the other eighteen respond."
It may be said that this late test
was under favorable conditions, though
Sig. Marconi has sent messages across
the English Channel, and really believes
that he will yet send them across the
Atlantic, without the use of submarine
cables. It certainly seems possible.
Some of the best electrical talent in
the world is engaged upon the unsolved
problems of wireless telegraphy. Suc
cess in the widest way seems possible,
If not probable.
Success of Wireless Telegraphy.
Salinas Index.
Marconi's system of wireles teleg
graphy, tested under the auspices of
the New York Herald and San Fran
cisco Call at the i Columbia-Shamrock
race, proved a wonderful success. Like
telegraphing by wire, the phonograph,
telephone, electric light, and the X-ray.
all astonishing accomplishments at
first, wireless telegraphy will soon cease
to be a thing of wonder among the people.
Begins Its Mud Slinging.
Berkeley World-Gazette.
The evening edition of the Examiner,
erroneously earned Bulletin, is throwing
dirt with the scoop-shovel at the Repub
lican candidate for Mayor, Mr. Davis.
Perhaps the Pheian campaign is to be
conducted by mud machines and other
brickyard accoutrements.
"YOUNG GUARDIAN ANGELS."
School Children Banded Together to
Protect Dumb Animals.
The ladies of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals are meeting
with gratifying success in their efforts to
present a meritorious entertainment to
raise funds to purchase badges for the
youthful members of the Bands of Mercy.
These youngsters, numbering over 50,000
pupils of the public schools, are being
carefully educated to be kind and mer
ciful to all dumb animals, and many have
actually entered the ffeld of active work.
Their membership in a measure makes
them a part of the parent society, and
feeling this not a few are on the lookout
for cases of cruelty, which are reported
to. the secretary or the organization for
investigation. A number iof cases have
been thus discovered and the culprits ar
rested and punished by the proper of
ficers of the law.
Thus the influence of the Bands of
Mercy, aside from the educational fea
tures, is being felt in the community, for
no person who is abusing his animals
knows who may be witnessing the abuse,
to become an Important factor in his pros
ecution. The badges of membership which
the ladies are arranging to purchase are
simply to be the evidence that the wear
ers belong to the organization. The public
is responding liberally to the call for
money for this worthy purpose.
Ample talent has volunteered for the
entertainment, which is to be held next
It takes a very daring rider to win dis
tinction in Ireland, a country of daring
riders, but Marconi accomplished that
feat. He did 'something else. He cap
tured the daughter of Power of Gurteen,
one of the haughtiest of the rural Irish
aristocracy, and took her to Italy on a
bridal tour.
The fruit of that union is the present
distinguished inventor of wireless teleg
raphy.
Marconi has lived a good deal in Ire
land among his mother's relations, but
he was born and educated in Italy. He
considers himself fully half Irish, and
many of his characteristics are more
Irish than Italian.
Marconi's first practical experiments
with wireless telegraphy were made in
Dublin Bay. The first wireless tele
graphic newspaper dispatch was printed
in the Dublin Independent, a not very en
terprising paper published at the Irish
capital.
Marconi has a relative living in this
city engaged in Government employment.
His name ls Power and he is a special
inspector, of the Treasury Department.
Marconi's Irish relatives are well off,
while his Italian relations are poor. His
education was at the expense of his Irish
kindred. If Marconi is not already en
gaged, he hopes to be, to marry a Miss
Fitzgerald, a not very distant relative of
the Irish Duke of Leinster.
month in the Metropolitan Temple. A
number of public spirited citizens have
donated from $5 to $100, so Mrs. C. B. Hul
brook reported at yesterday's meeting of
the ladies. Others reported the sale of a
large number of tickets, and the hall will
doubtless be crowded.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WORTH TEN CENTS— Subscriber, City
A dime of 1838 is worth 10 cents, as it does
not command a premium.
ROENTGEN RATS— N.. Mare Island,
Cal. If a hand is held between the
Roentgen ray and the eye the location of
the bones becomes apparent.
OPPENHEIMER'S VICTIM— E. E. 1...
San Jose, Cal. James McDonald, who was
stabbed by Jacob Oppenheimer, a refrac
tory convict at San Quentln, did not die
from the effects of the wounds inflicted.
SAN FRANCISCO AND OAKLAND—
VI VI; Placerville, Cal. Any first-class
bookseller can procure for you a street
map of San Francisco and one of Oak
land.
A CONTINENTAL BILL— 8., North
Columbia Hill, Cal. A Continental bill of
the issue of 1876, face value of one-sixth
of a dollar, is not a sufficient description
to give an answer as to whether it is of
any value or not.
HALF DOLLAR-T. J. M.. Stockton,
Cal. A "gold half dollar of 1853" is not a
United States coin, but a charm that was
manufactured by an enterprising jeweler
in the early days of San Francisco. It
does not command a premium.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS-E. L.,
City. TheVe are thirteen lines of steamers
that are known as trans-Atlantic steam
ers, and which ply between New York
City and Europe. The number of steam
ers owned by these companies aggregates
ninety-one. A full list of these can be
found in the "World Almanac for the cur
rent year. _
MOUNT HAMILTON OBSERVATORY
—Reader. City. The observatory on the
top of Mount Hamilton is by stage twen
ty-six miles from San Jose. Saturday
night, between the hours of 7 and 10, is
the only time when visitors are permitted
to look through the great telescope. The
observatory buildings are open every day
in the year during business hours.
CORPORATION— Subscriber, Vallejo.
Cal. If a corporation is formed to work a
mine, and out of 100,000 shares a certain
number is placed on the market to secure
a working capital, the remainder of the
shares belong to the stockholders. Dis
honest trustees might, in the event of the
venture becoming valuable, resort to
methods by which small stockholders
could be "frozen out."
VACCINATION— N., City. There is no
law in California which compels an in
dividual to be vaccinated every seven
years, but there is a law that directs the
governing school authorities to exclude
from the benefits of the common schools
any child or person -who has not been
successfully vaccinated, excepting such
child or person . whom a prac
ticing and licensed physician shall
certify has used due diligence
and cannot be vaccinated so as to pro
duce a successful vaccination. • All appli
cants for admission to the common
schools are required to show they have
been vaccinated within seven years.
CIVIL SERVICE RULES-AY. T.. Su
sanville, Cal. The Civil Service Commis
sion says the institutions or individuals
that announce that they have special fa
cilities for preparing applicants for civil
service examination are guilty of misrep
resentations, as they have not any in
formation which cannot be had by an ap
plicant without cost upon writing to the
United States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C. The commission also
says "Letters in regard to examinations
and other business of this commission
should not be addressed to members of
Congress or other persons not connected
with the commission, as this only causes
delay and does not in any way assist the
applicant." ■ •
BUILDING IN CASINO —Y. O. S.,
Taylor, Cal. One of the laws governing
the game of casino says: "Should a
player build up a card to a certain de
nomination, and his opponent decline to
build it up higher, he, the first player,
may not alter his build, but must take
it with a card of the same denomina
tion; he is, however, at liberty to make
another build, either of the same or of
any other denomination, or he may pair
or combine any other cards before tak
ing up his first build, but he must comply
with one of these conditions before play
ing a card which will not do either. A
player cannot "build on his own hand
and another at the same time.
NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY-
Enq.. City. The headquarters of the
National Geographic Society, which has
for its purpose the "increase and dif
fusion of geographic knowledge, are in
the city of Washington, D. C.
MULTIPLICATION-J. C. 8., Martinez,
Cal. If your friend insists that in multi
plication cr.ce one Is two, do not attempt
to convince him to the contrary, as you
will only waste your time, for he evi
dently has not sufficient mental caliber
to appreciate the difference between
multiplication and addition.
NORTH GERMAN LLOYD SHIPS-
H. D., City. The vessels that are now be
ing built for the North German Lloyd
Company are the Groser Kurfurst, 12,500
tors: Rheln. Main, Konig Albert and
Princess Irene, 10,000 each; Koln Frank
furt and Hanover, 7500 tons each; the
Strassburg and Wurzburg, 5000 tons each,
Freidburg, Marburg Dell and Neckar, ton
nage not given: Also a fast express
steamer of 16.500 tons, to be 700 feet long
and to have a speed of 23 . knots. The
other vessels named are from 550 to -90
feet In length.
"WORTH A JEW'S EYE"— Subscriber,
Berkeley, Cal. The origin of the expres
sion, "Worth a Jew's eye," is uncertain,
but it was used in the time of Shakes
peare. That writer in the "Merchant of
Venice" has:
There will come a Christian by
Will be worth a Jewess' eye.
In Nares' "Glossary** there is the fol
lowing: "The exactions to which the
Jews were subject in the thirteenth cen
tury and the period both before and after
exposed them to the most cruel and tyran
nical mutilations if they refused to pay
the sums demanded of them. The threat
of losing an eye would have a powerful
effect, hence the high value of a Jew's
eye." The expression is a popular one,
used as a simile for anything that is val
uable.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. D. Wright of San Jose is at the Lick.
General Fred Funston is registered at
the Occidental.
George L. Hoxie, an attorney of Fresno,
is a guest at the Lick.
Paul H. Blades, a journalist of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs,
Is staying at the Grand.
Bishop Nichols has come up from San
Mateo and is at the Occidental.
Edwin T. Earl, the Sacramento fruit
man, is registered at the Palace.
Alfred Kernents, a tourist from Ger
many, Is a guest at the Palace.
R. J. Northam, a wealthy fruit grower
of Riverside, is registered at the Palace.
Dr. H. E. Reid. one of the leading phy
sicians of Sacramento, is a guest at the
Grand.
A. W. Jones, one of the prominent capi
talists of Monterey County, is a guest at
the Lick.
Among the arrivals of yesterday at the
Lick was C. L. Merrill, an oil man of
Coalinga.
A. F. Slander, one of the lucky miners
from Dawson, is registered at the Lick
with his wife.
J. H. Gardiner, one of the leading mer
chants of Rio Vista, is among the recent
arrivals at the Grand.
L. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clara
County, is at the Grand, where he ar
rived yesterday from San Jose. He is ac
companied by his wife.
James F. Peck, one of the leading law
yers of Merced, is staying at the Lick
while on a short trip to this city.
Mrs. Henry Glass, wife of the com
mander of the naval training ship, is reg
istered with her daughter at the Palace
from Yerba Buena Island.
W. H. Malkin, a mine owner of Van
couver, and S. Heath, who is interested in
mines in the Northwest and whose home
is in Spokane, are at the Palace.
Dr.- A. "White, a prominent medical man
of Palmyra, Mo., is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his family and a party of
friends. He comes on a pleasure tour of
the coast.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-Mrs. I. C. Moore,
Misses Pauline and Clara Moore and Sam
Moore of San Francisco are at the Grand.
David Kline of San Francisco is at the
Holland. E. J. Whitenherg of San Fran
cisco is at the Gilsey. T. T. Williams and
wife and B. Hayden of San Francisco are
at the Netherlands.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— James A.
Newbold and wife of San Francisco are
at the Raleigh. Henry C. Rayles of San
Francisco is at the Wellington, and J A.
Marino of Oakland is at the St. James.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. * ■
California Oil Exchange.
The California Oil Exchange will open
for business at 10:40 next Wednesday.
There will be two daily sessions of the
oil board. William Edwards will act a3
caller. A book will be kept open for the
public containing facta about the oil com
panies listed, and every one will be at
liberty to Inspect it. Emile Kahn, secre
tary, will have the book in charge.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup'
Has been Used tor fifty an by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy far
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world Be sure and ask ,for Mis.
Winslow's toothing Pyrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORO.VADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at Ho
tel; longer stay, $2 50 tier day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
E. C. Winchell. attorney at law. Oak
land; liabilities, $10,977 97; assets, $10. The
liabilities are on borrowed money and
promissory notes executed in Fresno.
G. Principiano. farmer, Agnews, Santa
Clara County; liabilities, $176175; no as
sets.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
uOIOS the ullfiSl
When your cold has
settled down deep in your
chest, cough syrups will not
relieve you. The system
must be given strength and
force to throw off the
disease.
does just this. It enables
you to conquer the inflam-
mation. The lungs soon heal,
and all danger is passed. Do
not let the disease become
chronic because of neglect.
Soe. »nd $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOW.NE, Chemists, New York.SUIT AGAINST
THE EXECUTIVE
COUNCIL FALLS
Plaintiffs Claim They
Were Deceived.
DID NOT SIGN THE COMPLAINT
4)
NOTARY SMITH APPEARS IN A
BAD LIGHT.
♦
Talbott and Bourne Demand of At
torney Monroe to Withdraw
Their Names From the
Complaint.
The suit against the executive council of
the citizens' volunteer reception commit
tee haa practically ' fallen. Two of the
plaintiffs, John E. Talbott and William A.
Bourne, deny that they ever authorized
Attorney Henry' B. Monroe to Institute the
proceedings, and the .former, whose name
is appended w the complaint, denies that
he ever made affidavit to the instrument,
although It bears the notorial seal of Mrs.
K. W. Smith, a notary' public in the Mills
building.
Talbott says that about two weeks be
fore the California regiment was mustered
out of the service he was approached by
a man named John Keogh, who claimed
that he was "on the inside" and knew
that the executive council had "decided to
divide the surplus of the volunteer recep
tion fund into there parts and get away
with it." He argued that it should be di
vided among the soldier boys and sug
gested that a petition of that nature be
signed by them. He said that he was not
acting In the matter for his health, and
expected to make something out of it him
self. Keogh was acting as the agent of
Attorney Monroe.
At Keogh's house a few days later Tal
bott was presented with a typewritten pa-
per which Keogh represented to be the
petition he had mentioned, and asked the
soldier to sign it. Without reading the
document Talbott did as requested. He
did not swear to it before a notary-
Bourne was approached in a similar way
about ten days ago, and signed what pur
ported to be a petition to the executive
council to divide the funds. It now trans
pires that the paper was an authorization
to Monroe to commence the proceedings
which have resulted in presenting the at
torney in such an unenviable light before
the citizens of Ban Francisco. Reynolds,
the third one of the plaintiffs, cannot be
located.
bott and Bourne visited Attorney
Monroe yesterday and asked for an expla
nation. He told them that if they did not
care to go on with the. suit he would with
draw their names as plaintiffs. T^his they
demanded, but they were not entirely sat
isfied with such an arrangement. They
claim that the action of the attorney in
using them as his catspaw has greatly in
jured them in the community, and they
t>ropose to hold him to account. They
have made affidavits setting forth all the
facts as stated, and a thorough investiga
tion of the whole proceeding will be in
sisted upon. Notary Smith will be called
upon to do some explaining. She admits
that Talbott never appeared before her to
make the affidavit on the complaint to
which her certificate is attached.
LAWYER MACCABE DIED
OF A BROKEN SKULL
PROMINENT MARKET STREET
FIGURE GONE.
At Seventy Years of Age He Married
a Young Woman and She Left
Him, Whereupon He
Took to Drink.
I. J. Maccabe, the attorney who frac
tured his skull by a fall in a florist's shop
on Larkin street last Wednesday night,
died in the City Receiving Hospital at
4:50 a. m. yesterday. The body was taken
to the Morgue and an Inquest will be held
to-day.
Maccabe's death was brought about in
a singular way. He had been drinking
to excess since his young wife deserted
him several months ago. On Wednesday
evening while on his way to visit his
old friend, Police Sergeant Moffit, he
Htepped into a florist's shop to buy a
bouquet for Mrs. Moffit. While waiting
he reeled and fell heavily to the Boor,
striking the back of his head against a
corner of the counter, fracturing his skull.
The unfortunate man was picked up In an
unconscious condition and taken to the
City Receiving Hospital, in which place
he remained until he died.
Maccabe was a native of Ireland and
was about 70 years old. although he looked
twenty years younger. He practiced In
Denver, Colo., for a while before coming
to this city, "divorces obtained or no fee,"
being his motto. Eight years ago he came
to San Francisco and put up his shingle
on Market street, proclaiming himself as
"The People's Lawyer" and offering ad
vice "free of charge."
Sergeant Moffit notified Coroner Hill
yesterday that he would take charge of
the funeral, Maccabe not having a dollar
to his name.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ULCERSFOI
35 YEARS
Eleven on One Limb at One Time
With Excruciating Pain. All
Remedies Tried, and Number-
less Physicians Little Benefit.
CUTICURA Speedily Cures.
My mother has been a victim to ulcers from
varicose veins for thirty-five years. Eleven of
these terrible sores have existed at one time on
the limb affected. Excruciating pain and intense
suffering were endured, with all sorts of remedies
on trial and numberless physicians' calls and
proscriptions applied, but all practically with
but little benefit. However, at last the remedial
agent was found in Cuticura (ointment), which
surely proved its weight in gold, alleviating pain
and causing healing processes to commence and
a cure speedily effected. She has, also, used
Cuticcra with marked benefit in erysipelas
Of the face and eczema. The Cuticura Soap,
also, has established a record only as the best
cleansing, purifying, and healing in its nature,
having proved itself a most excellent and valu-
able auxiliary to the Cutiouoa (ointment).
I would remark that this testimonial is entirely
unsolicited, being a voluntary contribution for
humanity's sake, and the commendation of the
Cuticcra Remedies to the fullest confidence,
being satisfied of their purity, genuineness, and
almost miracles wrought.
March 16, 1898. W. T. MORSE, Cabot, Vt.
CUfICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That to to say, Cuticuba Rksolykkt, greatest
ot blood purifiers and humor expellers, purifies
the blood and circulating fluids or Hcmob Gjebms.
and thus removes the cause, while warm baths
with Cctictjra Soap, and gentle anointings with
C'uticcba (olntr.ieui), greatest of emollient skin
cures, cleanse the skin and scalp of crusts and
scales, allay Itching, burning, and inflammation,
soothe and heal. Thus arejpeedilv, permanently,
and economically cured the most torturing^!*
flcrurlng humors of the in, scalp, and blood, with
loss of hair, whon all other remedies fall.
t™X^£X^^Z&3X^%e
SAVE YOUR HANDS ns^M*
STORM-TOSSED
CONEMAUGH IN
POUT AT LAST
Newport's Deserters
Arrive on Her.
— '-* —
SENT HOME BY THE CONSUL
•
FLEET FROM THIS COAST BOUND
FOR SOUTH AFRICA.
»
Vessels to Carry Coal to Honolulu in
— Transport Manuense
Now Owned in San Fran
cisco—Notes.
The transport Conemaugh arrived from
Manila yesterday after a passage of thir
ty-six days. She was in Nagasaki with
the Newport, and fifty-seven of the sol
diers who deserted from the latter ship
came home on the Conemaugh. They say
their quarters on the Newport were not
fit to live in and the food was disgusting.
They therefore seized the first opportu
nity to leave the vessel. The United States
Consul at Nagasaki sent them home on
the Conemaugh. Among them were fif
teen men of the Fourteenth Infantry, sev
enteen of the Third Artillery, thirteen of
the Fourth Cavalry, two of the Twenty
second Infantry and one each of the Thir
teenth, Twentieth and Sixteenth Infantry.
; P. Gibson of the Twentieth Kansas. C. L.
Kline of the Fifty-first lowa, J. McNut of
the California Battery and E. Dodge of
the Minnesota regiment also came over
on the Conemaugh.
The Conemaugh loft here about three
months ago with a cargo of horses and
CONEMAUGH IN A STORM OFF THE JAPAN COAST.
! mules for the army in the Philippines. j
She made a very successful trip, losing
only two of the animals during the voy
age. On the return trip she was caught
in the storm that delayed the City oi
■ Peking Tartar, Pennsylvania and other
' vessels' of the fleet. For five days after .
leaving Nagasaki a storm of wind and
sleet, with a long heavy swell, had to be
contended with. The ship, being light,
was very lively, and in consequence the
soldiers had a hard time of It. Captain
Roberts brought his ship through in
safety however, and says she behaved
splendidly. The soldiers have all a good
word for Captain Roberts and Purser
Tucker, and say they were admirably
treated and well berthed on the horse
transport- The Conemaugh will be fitted
out and sent back again with another |
load as soon as possible.
The transport Victoria will carry a load
of forage to Manila, and the Ben Mobr is
being got ready to carry troops fester
day Captains Barneson and Batchelder
and Supervising Engineer Matthews went
to Mare Island to inspect the steamers
Scindla and Justin. They belong to the
Navy Department and are not in a very
good state of pair. If they can be fixed
up the Government will send them to
Honolulu with coal cargoes.
The transport Manuense is now the
property of Bennett. Goodall & Co., and
Captain Barneson Sr., father of Captain
Barneson of the transport service, will go
out in command of her. She will be ready
to depart next week.
Captain Saunders of the transport New
port Is still a very sick man. To-day ie
goes to a private hospital for treatment.
Either Captain Friele, who is now on a
vacation, or Captain Robinson of the Bar
racouta will take out the Newport on ncr
next voyage to Manila.
San Francisco and the coast ports do
quite a lot of business with South Africa,
and one American ship is now at anchor
in Delagoa Bay, while several San Fran
cisco vessels are on their way there. The
Star of Russia is now out twenty-one !
days from Port Gamble for Alcoa Bay,
the M. P. Grace arrived at Delagoa Bay \
from Port Blakeley on the sth inst., the I
John Ena is now out twenty-nine days I
from Port Blakeley for Delagoa Bay. The I
British ship Ancalos sailed from here on |
August 25 with 63,100 centals of wheat for ,
Port Natal, and the Powys Castle is |
chartered to load for the same place,
while the Lady Isabella is chartered to
load for Cape Town. The Boers own no
cruisers, however, so the British mer
chantmen are safe.
The channel used by the Fulton Iron
Works at the Presidio has silted up. and
the tug Sea Witch was engaged all of yes
terday in dredging it. The steamer worked
astern in the soft mud and the action of
the screw cleared the passage.
The carcass of a tuberculous cow w _s
seized on the Sausalito ferry steamer by
Health Inspector Harry Barron yester
day. It was shipped by De Vecchi Bros,
of San Rafael and was consigned to L.
Slami, 732 Montgomery avenue, this city.
Barron says hf is going to have the De
Vecchi brothers arrested for sending the
meat to this city. _ ; 
The remains of Will A. Snow, the ma
rine reporter who was drowned last Tues
day night, have not been recovered, nor
has any trace of them been found. Th#
Chronicle, to whose staff Snow was at
tached, offers $100 for the recovery of tha
body. -
Respects Levitsky's Memory.
The Cloakmakers' Union, at a meeting
held at 915 Market street, adopted the fol
lowing resolution in memory of M. Le
vitzky, who died In this city on last Sun
day: ' .iC-J -y ; \xioyi
Whereas, M. Levltzky. a member of our
union, departed this life on Sunday, Octo
ber 8. 1599. in this city: therefore, be it
Resolved,' that we rise in our seats in honor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899,
WILL DISPLAY HER FINE
TALENTS IN HONOLULU
MiSS MINDED DP.ETFUSS, who
has successfully played several
small parts at the Grand
Opera-house, will leave for
Honolulu on the ISth inst., where she
will play a four weeks' engagement
at the Orpheum.
Miss Dreyfuss will make her ap
pearance in Honolulu in a sketch
written especially to display her tal
ents by Mrs. Zoe Green Radcliffe,
who has written several other
sketches which are about to be pre
sented on the vaudeville stage.
Miss Dreyfuss has all the naturalM
attributes go to make theH
She petite, H
has a pretty a charmlngH
She is also the fortu-M
nate possessor a pleaslngM
anH
Dreyfussis wellknown and veryM
popular in this She has taughtH
dancing for the two years andH
her pupils de-M
gree in the terpsichor-M
can little cake-H
so at l
the In Mechanics' |
Pavilion were pupils of Miss Dreyfuss, and reflect great credit on her
ability as a preceptress.
able respect for the memory of our departed
brother and express our feelings of sympathy
and condolence to his relatives «nd friends, and
Whereas, Certain newspaper* of this city
have seen fit to express their opinions concern
ing the probable causes leadline to the step
taken by our brother, which opinions are with
out foundation and are certainly untrue; there
fore be It , ■ _ __  _
Resolved, That we protest against the action
of said newspapers as unjust; and further be It
Resolved. That we and hereby do Inform said
newspapers and through them the citizens of
San Francisco that ill health and despondency
have been the causes which led our brother,
M. Levitzky. to take his life: and be It further
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to the following newspapers with a
request that they be published, viz., Call.
Chronicle. Examiner. Bulletin and Poet.
INVESTIGATED
MAIL SYSTEMS
OF EUROPEANS
♦ ; j
Congressman ; Loud
Back From Abroad.
4, . ;
Congressman Eugene F. , Loud returned
yesterday from a three months' trip
through some of the principal countries
of Europe, where he had gene to investi
gate the postal systems in' vogue there
for the purpose of adapting to our sys
tem any desirable Improvements he might
find. His daughter accompanied him on
the trip. Congressman Louts was in Paris
during the height of the Dreyfus excite
ment and made some interesting com
ments thereon in the course of an inter
view. He went to Europe '.on behalf of
the Postal Commission, which was cre
ated by Congress two years ago and of
which body he is a member. Speaking
of the official part of his trip he said:
"I went to Europe to Investigate the
postal systems there for tile purpose of
making comparisons with oiir own, more
particularly as to cost. I have, however,
been unable to work up ail the figures,
and it will be a month before I will be
able to do so. We found it a- difficult mat
ter to get the kind of Information we
wanted. We had to get a little here and
a little there as best we could. To illus
trate, we desired to ascertain what cer
tain railroads were paid for: carrying the
mails. We got the price, but we then had
to go through a lot of records to ascer
tain the mileage of the roads and the
amount of mall matter they transported.
"I found nothing in Europe that was an
improvement on the service we have.
Without boasting, I think our service is
superior to any in the world, and when
we consider the high wage's we pay in
comparison with the wages paid in
Europe it is surprising thai our service
is as economically handled as it is. We
pay four and five times as touch for ser
vice as they do in Europe. I The English
service is the highest paid in Europe. The
highest salary a man may gain there is
80 shillings, equal to about 47 50, a week.
They begin at 18 and work tip to 30 shil
lings. This applies to clerks,' carriers and
railway mail clerks. Our postofflce clerks
average $900 a year and begin at $600. Our
carriers average $950 and get, $1000 after
two years, while railway mail clerks aver
age $1050. Yet . our service son the whole
is about as cheaply managed. as theirs
This is largely due to the svstemlzing of
the work with us- and to th™ fact that
our men do more work than- the men em
ployed in the European countries. This
applies to all branches of business."
London, Paris and Berlin ! were visited
officially by Congressman Loud, but he
also traveled through Belgium and Hol
land. Referring to his experiences in
Paris he said: i' i
"I was in the French capital all through
the Dreyfus excitement. It. was a dif
ficult matter to get at the real sentiment
of the people on this sublet. ! I was told
by a gentleman who has been connected
= -
MISS MINDEL DREYFUSS.
with a foreign legation in Paris for
twenty years that the sentiment of the
better class of people was for Dreyfus,
but that the lower classes, being' more
closely allied with the army, were against
Dreyfus. I will say this, if it were not
for the English and American newspapers
which we get there we would not have
known that there was any excitement in
Paris. I reached London after the riot
had taken place in Paris, and I was ad
vised not to go there. When I arrived at
Paris I saw no indications of any trouble.
The people there did not seem to appre
ciate that anything extraordinary was
transpiring."
KOPP WAS HEARTLESS.
His Daughter Testifies *in Favor of
Her Mother, Who Shot Him.
Evidence to prove that Mrs. Louisa
Kopp was justified in ending her hus
band's life on June 28 last was produced
yesterday in Judge Dunne's court during
the trial of the woman on a charge of
manslaughter. Miss Amanda Kopp,
daughter of the defendant, was again
placed on the stand by her attorneys, and
said that her dead father never con
cealed his attachment for. Mrs. Monte,
the widow, who was the Immediate cause
of the killing. The young witness testi
fied that on frequent occasions her father
threatened her mother with a hammer,
and one time struck her with It. Again
he used a piece of a chandalier as a
weapon, and on another occasion choked
his wife. In order to make her life the
harder to bear he inserted an advertise
ment in the papers to the effect that he
would not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her. When Mrs. Kopp saw
the advertisement, the daughter said, it
almost broke her heart, and she did not
recover from the nervous strain for some
time.
Mrs. Monte remains in court most of the
day and is an interested listener, and, not
withstanding the relation she bears to the
case, she will not be called as a witness.
The case will probably reach the Jury to
day.
Malt-Nutrine
restores youth to the aged and Infirm—
nates every human function that makes life
desirable. The product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n.
. ♦ .
ATTEMPTED MURDER.
TUBA CITY, Oct. 12.— Herman Gal
agher was arrested last night on the
charge of assault to commit murder up
on George Wallace. Galagher was work
ing on the levee with a gang of men,
Wallace being superintendent. The two
men had a dispute over wages and Gal
agher fired at Wallace with a rifle, but
did not hit him. One of the men on the
levee fired at Galagher with a shotgun,
some shot hitting him in the leg, but not
Injuring him to any extent. He then
skipped out and was later arrested by
officers and lodged in jail. Galagher is
50 years old and served two terms in San
Quentln, being sentenced from Placer
County.
INJURED BY GIANT POWDER
JACKSON. Oct. 12.— Francisco Morosco,
while employed in blasting out a cellar
in Sutter Creek, was fearfully mutilated
to-day by the explosion of a box of giant
powder caps. He was crawling out of
the cellar with the box of caps. Ashes
from the pipe he was smoking fell upon
the caps, exploding them. Both hands
were blown off and the sight of both
eyes destroyed.
Hotel Baltimore, Van Ness nvenue and Geary
street; elegant sunny thre«>-.x>on. suite and
bath; also not and cold salt water baths. *
I THE SUNDAY
6 (All OCTOBER 15,
9 V^/ \L-_L_j 1899.
0 Romantic Death of Lola Alvarez,
Sr A San Francisco girl who followed her
V lover to the Yaqui Indian war.
P " BOSTON TO THE BOERS."
V Joaquin Miller's latest poem.
1 our MILLIONAIRE~BACHEILORS. ZZiZzlz-
v • How John Morrisey Grew From Circus
Q Boy to Prince of Vaudeville Managers.
$ THE 'VARSITY TEAM IN TRAINING QUARTERS.
V As seen by a Sunday Call woman.
6 Why Don't Ton Learn to Tali I Miss Mary Hall, the Woman With
Q Chinese? I the Beautiful Arms.
0 MY EXPERIENCES ON THE FIRING LINE,
• Q By MRS. BOYSBN.
X A PAGE OF NEW YORK'S LATEST FASHIONS.
j. The Closing Chapters of "Active Service "—Domestic Science
Vr* and a Host of Good Stories.
Q : ■ — - . .. «-tffi^-
OO'MOOK)<KK>OOO<)K><KK><KK><H><><KK>
'•y . .
SAN FRANCISCO
DROPPED MONEY
IN THE CANAL
Right to Dig Ended on
Tuesday.
— —
BONDS BECAME WORTHLESS
♦ .
TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND THE
LOCAL LOSS.
♦ ■
Funds Were Subscribed During the
Period of Enthusiasm When
the Outlook Seemed Bright
for Nicaragua Ditch!
During the present week Nicaragua
canal securities to the amount of $200,000
or upward, held by San Francisco mer
chants mainly, have become valueless.
That amount approximately represents
the actual cash help San Francisco gave
to the Nicaragua canal,, in addition to
years of hard work to promote that pro
ject. No one says anything about the loss,
for it has been foreseen for some time
that It was inevitable. The concession j
under which Warner Miller and his asso
ciates operated until the funds gave out
expired by limitation last Tuesday.
Under the concession given to the Eyre-
Cragin syndicate, Nicaragua is estopped
from entering into any dicker for the re-;
newal of any contract with the Warner |
Miller or any other companies. The Eyre- ■
Cragin contract is in actual force. The |
stocks and bonds issued by the Nicaragua j
Construction and Nicaragua Maritime Ca- ;
nal companies were necessarily based on
the possibility of completing the canal. in ;
cash something like $0,000,0u0 has been ex- ■
tended on the ditch. Now the exclusive
privilege to build a canal in Nicaragua :
has passed into other hands and the new j
contract runs for 500 years.
It will be recalled that Senator Miller |
visited this city and opened headquarters j
for the taking of subscriptions for Nica- ;
ragua canal securities a few years ago. |
Local subscribers, in common with many j
subscribers in the East, who took bonds I
of the Construction Company, got as a j
bonus a certain proportion of stock of '
the Maritime Canal Company. The Con- i
struction Company and the Maritime Ca- j
nal Company were controlled by the same :
men, and Warner Miller was the head of j
the enterprise. There was much local en- i
thusiasm upon the occasion of that visit |
of Senator Miller. Committees of citizens j
co-operated with the Chamber of Com- j
merce, which manifested lively interest j
in the work. One large business house
took securities to the amount of $10,000.
Others subscribed .lesser amounts.
It is difficult to get at the exact total of
the Investments at that time. The Bank j
of California acted in a fiduciary capa
city, but subscriptions were taken of j
which the bank had no knowledge. The !
prospect for building the canal then
seemed to be very bright and the move
ment was at the height of its local popu
larity. Had other parts of the United
States responded as well proportionately
as did San Francisco the necessary funds
might have been raised. They did not do
so and Congress failed to support the en
terprise and it has failed for the present.
The San Francisco bond subscriptions
were not a total loss. The bonds carried
interest at the rate of 6 per cent per an
num, and this interest has been regularly
paid. Most of the subscribers Invested
because of public spirit. At the same time
the investment looked to be a very fair
one. Warner Miller and his associates
worked under the Cardenas-Menocal con
tract. The following extract from the
contract made between the Government
of Nicaragua and Eyre-Cragin tells of
ficially the fate of the first named con
tract: '
It la understood, for the purposes of this
contract, that the Cardenas-Menocal contract
shall cease on the Sth day of October, 1599; and
therefore, all the foregoing stipulations shall
take effect without necessity of further ac
tion, declaration or law, on the 10th day of Oc
tober, 1899, or sooner, should the Messrs. Eyre
and Cragin, their heirs or assigns, obtain the
rescission of the Cardenas-Menocal contract.
FRAUDULENT PENSION CLAIMS.
United States Marshal Shine yesterday
arrested William Leland, an Inmate of
the National Soldiers' Home in Yount
ville, Napa County, on a warrant issued
by the United States Attorney at Au
gusta, Me., charging Iceland with having
sworn falsely to a claim for a pension.
The crime was alleged to have been com
mitted in Chelsea, Me., in October, 1897.
The Federal authorities of the State of
Maine have been looking for Leland ever
since. Marshal Shine was notified only a
short time ago and succeeded in landing
his man. Mr. Shine will take the prisoner
back to Maine.
Corn is king in Kansas. See "Keith's"
window novelties in husks. •
:_ AD VEBTISEMENTS.
S ——___■ i jji t jjiaiiiiiiiiiimjanii«"»fc*«"»***a*w^
I INTRODUCTORY SALE §
MEN'S BUSINESS SUITS.
| ===============1 |
I When we received these suits from tl>e j
\ manufacturers we marKed them $12.50 aod |
I $15.00. We thought tf;ey were good values at
that price— we thinly so yet. Consideriog the
I $15. 00. We thought they were each garment, j
that price— we thinly so yet. Considering the
roaterial and workmanship in each garment,
j they should never be offered for less — I
\ probably o^ver would have been if we had I
I oot bought so many. Then, too, we wanted j
| the new store talked about — we waot to be
I probably never have been if we had
not bought so many. Then, too, we wanted
the new store talKed about — we want to be
Known as "world-beaters for suits," as well
| as "world-beaters for overcoats"; hence the
I reduction in price. They will speaK for them- I
I selves and for us at the saroe time. |
| INTRODUCTORY SPECIAL.
!^ INTRODUCTORY SPECIAL.
! / j MTV \ Reliable business suits that sell regularly I
| / I »| f V \ for $12.50 and $15.00 maKe up the lot. They |
i I r\ A I / are made °f f' ne » smooth-finished serges; |
I \ Ik, "1/ \ J*l J njany patterns of nobby striped fancy wor- |
\ ff| V steds; all stylish in cut and strongly made; I
SV\J. I »r will fit perfectly and wear satisfactorily. |
II I SlrVl \ Tailors maKe as good, but charge double. 1
/ A *l r \W 1 for 512.50 and $15.00 maKe up the lot. They
I _»ft If All-* j are made of fine, smooth-finished serges;
\ I}-, *l \ Jtt/ / many patterns of nobby striped fancy wor-
\ W *r^y steds; all stylish In cut and strongly made ;
>__i _/ 1 A wi " f jt P er f ect| y and wear satisfactorily.
<3^Y I I £^ Tailors maKe as good, but charge double.
\ pi I I There's Safety and Saving in Buying BOYS' SUITS Here. I
! /// PAUSON & CO.,
I /// | "WORLD-BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS," |
1 M ML 918-920 MARKET ST. 1 200-204 Kearny St. |
I ffJl *^^__t Opposite the Emporium. Northeast Cor. Batter. E
r _»_«_____»_«■_- wffly iiii.iii.iihjirinnwi-riiinh'tiri' li'maiTiTiViiiiMiii ihiihulh
l OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, \
i THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
£ Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. 3
)o • °<
to The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed 3
|o on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- ©j
£» moid" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front °S
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 5
jo ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
>_ dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the ©J
to names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with oj
{** their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and °s
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents. °)
£ and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 5
(ea permanently located for the winter. cv
to Address all changes to oj
£ CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
(_. 225 Post Street, San Francisco. 3
£> Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o(
sl JL__j_i_p_a£_SLSJUL^^
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^THEATER.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY!
Cl ITC NOW SELLING FOR
2LAIj ALL NEXT WEEK!
A /jtmK GREAT
/ *Va%\
%f s >7
BIG \f/f HIT!
—SPECIAL FARCE COMEDY PRICES—
.51-— 7Sc 50c ami — -J."»c\
Matinee Saturday— 7tc. 10c and 2"c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE YOUNG
AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE.
NANCE O'NEIL.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT,
Nozenthal's Celebrated Play,
"THE JEWESS."
SATURDAY MATINEE,
The New
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT, Oct. 15,
LAST WEEK OF NANCE O'NEIL. Sunday.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
Nights and Saturday Matinee, "MAGDA";
Friday Night (only time), "THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL"; Saturday Night (by special
request), "OLIVER TWIST."
POPULAR PRlCES— Evening.. 7sc, 50c and 25c
Renjember at the Matinee Saturday, Entire
Ground Floor, 50c; Entire Balcony, 25c.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
% PENMAN!
Next Week— "A MASKED BALL."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH, OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
The Superb and Delightful Opera,'
* "SATANELLA."
' The . Great Verdi Triumph,
"ERNANI"
Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
POPULAR PRICES— and 50 cents.
Telephone for Seats, . Bush 9.
Next Week— "FßA DIAVOLO," four per-
formances. By genera! request, "OTHELLO"
twice and "CAVALLERIA" and "PAGLIAC-
CI" twice.
Seats Now Selling Rapidly.
CONCEBTS AND AESOHTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
ADGIE, "THE GEISHA" GIRL. AND HER
LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL!
WORLD'S CHAMPION HIGH DIVER.
"PRINCESS." the Big Elephant, and 15
GIANT GALAPAGOS ln the Zoo.
SATURDAY NIGHT — JEFFRIES-FITZSIM-
MONS FIGHT.
: V Reproduced on the : 'imatoscope.
i Phone for Seats, Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEST BILL IN MANY MOONS.
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
DIRECT FROM EUROPE.
FLORENZ TROUPE,
The Berlin Sensational Acrobats.
Howard's ponies, dogs and monkeys; fun for
the children and entertainment for all. See the
talking pony.
Le Page Sisters, Little Elsie, Hawaiian
Queens and a whole bunch of hits.
Reserved seats, 25 cents; balcony, 10 cents;
opera chairs and box seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
The public will never cease to entertain a
particular affection for operas like "Girofle-
Girofla," wherein jolly music and bright dia-
logue unite in producing a pleasant entertain-
ment. One thing must be put to the credit
of the Grand Opera-house and that ie the
pains taken in the production of its plays.
There is never a hitch in the performance,
i The I mounting, costumes and chorus present
always a chic appearance. Alfred Metzger la
The Call.
ALL THIS WEEK,
Lecocq's Sparkling Comic Opera,
GIROFLE -GIROFLA!
NEXT WEEK— "NANON."
USUAL PRICES— 15c, 25c. 35c and EOc.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MTLROY. Secretary.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
lERCFS
%,Jr FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
REYNOLD'S
Ml IT Specific
ffiy@ I Few persons need
Gout or Rheumatism, ifon the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
edy ; then, a single dose is often sufficient.
X FOI'UEKA <fc CO., 50.30 .V. William St..*'. Y.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
18
Ti/est
BOXERS MAKE
A FARCE OF
THEIR BOUTS
Russell Wins on a Foul,
While the Police Stop the
Turner-Reilly Bout.
The thirty-live rounds of boxing outlined
ca the gramme of the National Ath
letic Club for last night dwindled down to
six, and of these there was only one round
of clean give ■id take hitting. Both Tur
ner and Reilly gave a brilliant exhibition
in the first round of their bout, In the
second round li Illy went down twice and
the police stopped what at the moment
seemed a one-sided match. It was said
afterward that Reilly went down to draw
his opponent's fire, thinking he would rush
In blindly to finish him.
Tho event of the evening was a roaring
farce from first to last, and as such was
hugely enjoyed by the spectators. It
came to a sudden stop in the fourth
round, when Referee Jordan gave the de
cision to Russell on a foul. The foul con
sisted in Van Buskirk biting Russell's ear
until the blood llowed freely. It was an
nounced that the nun would box straight
asbery rules, but the bout developed
into a rough ana tumble, eaten as catch
can affair almost at the nrst Bound of the
£OI)£.
Contrary to the reports sent out from
Van Buskirk's training quarters he was
palpaDly not in condition for a fight. Fat
nurig in rouis about ins belt while he was
t-tiuggnng lor breath after the nrst scrim
mage, rtusseii carried do superfluous
tiesh, but be was an exploded "phenom"
alter tne first exchange of blows. He had
no guard apparently, simply standing and
waiting for a blow to land and then
clinching.
Alter each clinch he showed he was pos
sessed oi great strength by rushing \'an
Busk to the ropes, where he neid him
in a deathlike grip.
Two. \\.isiier\>omen with wet towels
could do more execution than the big fel
lows while they were boxing. Russell
Clinched peatedjy and Van buskirk pep
pered him at snort range, but without
seeming damage. They were roughing it
so much in the first round that Captain
of Police Gilien warned them to desist.
The spectators made preparations to leave
after the first round, as that showed them
the caliber of the men as boxers.
In the second round each landed some
blows, but none were effective. Toward
the end of the round Russell followed Van
Buskirk around the ring, hitting him at
will, but not hard Van Buskirk tried
some wild swings in the third round, all
of which went wide of the mark. The
only effect was to leave him putting like a
wheezy bellows at the end of the round.
In the fourth round the men hugged one
another like dancing bears, while Referee
Jordan grew purple in the face trying to
drag them apart. The round was hardly
halt over when Jordan stopped the men
and awarded the bout to Russell. Tha
foul consisted of biting his ear.
The bout between Turner and Reilly
was merry milling while it lasted, which
was less than two rounds. When the men
came together In the second round they
assumed he crouching position so mucn
favored by "Kid" McCoy. Both feinted
fur a few moments, when Reilly caught
Turner heavily with a left swing on the
he-ad. This aroused Turner to action and
he promptly eked Reilly down.
The latter took a reasonable time before
facing the music again. When he did so
Turner promptly knock him down
again. At this juncture Captain of Police
Gilien 3tepped into the ring i (stopped
the bout. Reilly jumped to his feet and
walked to his corner with a crestfallen
manner. The spectators called for a
draw. Referee Jordan said that as Tur
ner had the best of it up to the time the
bout was stopped by the police he would
give him Ihe decision.
Reilly forced the going In the first round
and made a good showing against Tur
ner, who is a marvclously clever boxer
and stiff puncher. In one exchange it was
give and take, with a chance of either
man going out at any moment. Near the
end of the round Turner knocked Reilly
down and huer caught him twice with left
hocks. Reilly returned the compliment in
kind, drawing blood from Turner's mouth.
When the out was stopped Reilly
looked in much worse condition than he
really was. but with the Franey fatality
fresh in mind Captain Gil len took no
chances of a recurrence of I bat affair.
The betting was 10 to 5 on each fight
throughout the day. Turner and Van Bus
kirk being the favorites. The Paris mu
tti.ils at Harry Coibett's paid $* 25 for
each dollar played on Russell and $7 "> for
Turner.
Russell was seconded by Munroe. Martin
Murphy and "Jimmy" Lawlor, while in
Van Buskirk's corner were Frank Bur
ton, Al Neill and ".lack" Morris.
AMERICAN JOCKEYS WIN.
"Skeets M Martin Lands Two Mounts
and Lester Beiff One.
LONDON, Oct. 12.-At the third day's
racing of the Newmarket second October
meeting -day Mambrino won the Ditch
Mile Nursery. Downham, ridden by Mar
tin, was second I.< 1 Hulcot third. Sloan
rode Perdicus, 6 to 1, and was unplaced.
The Heath stakes were won by Georgi
ana, with L. Reiff in the saddle. Sati was
second and Elfin, Sloan up, was third.
Nine horses ran. The betting was 5 to
2 against Elfin.
Tho Prendergast stakes were won by
Bettyfield; Martin up. Jouevene, Sloan
up; was second. Seven horses ran. The
betting was 6 to 1 against Jouevene and
31 to 1 against Bettyfield.
A mile selling plate was won by Nipper,
Martin up. Goodrich, with L. Reiff up,
was second. Eleven horses ran. The bet
ting was 10 to 1 against Nipper.
Stanford's Freshman Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 12.—
Manager Berry to-day submitted the
names of the freshmen who are eligible to
play in the annual Intercollegiate fresh
man game, which takes place on the Fol
som street grounds. San Francisco, on the
2Sth of this month. From these names
will be picked eleven men who will form
the team to go against Berkeley. The
following are the men:
Barnhelsel, rowell, Hanverman, Geer,
Caglieri. F. Crawford. Luck. Murphy,
Ackerman, Roberts. < Campbell, Rees. ...
Crawford, Collins, Crowfoot Willot, Low
enthal, Raitt, Lee. Traeger, Parker, Allen,
Davis, Parkin, Robinson, Luetgerdlno,
Swope and Pollard.
"STRUCK
OIL " ,N -
-CONTRA COSTA
COUNTY"
Will be the good news our stock-
holders will hear before sixty days
will pass. Oil, water and gas now
1! iwing from the well in small
quantities. Our well is now down
over in)o feet, and we will tap the
true oil sand in 300 feet further
drilling.
GOING UP!
Our stock win undoubtedly be
Bdvanced In price at the next meet-
ing of the Board of Directors, DO
NOT DELAY in writing for pros-
pectus.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
FAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Oakland Agents — O'ROUKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
.*__» j_» _____ '. .
Sporting Stents from All Over the World.
FAVORITES
FIRST FOR
THE STAKES
Charentus Wins the New Ro
chelle and Richard J the
Westchester.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— New Ro
chelle and the Westchester high weight
handicap were the fixtures at Morris Park
to-day, and both went to the favorites.
Charentus was played to odds-on in the
former and after running second to the
Duke of Middleburg to the head of the
stretch he came on and won easily from
The Pride, who also passed the pace
maker in the last sixteenth.
The Westchester furnished a pretty
struggle between Richard J, the favorite,
and Lieutenant Gibson, the former win
ning by a head on the post. Nanine- and
Tamor made the running, but neither
was placed at the end. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— McMeekln won.
Queen of Song second, St. Callatine third.
Time, ' 04V
Five and a half furlongs, Mauvilla j
won. O'Lea second. Kitchener third. Time, 1:05.
The New Rochelle, one mile, selling—Charen
tua won. The Pride second, Luke of Mlddleburg
third. Time. IMOVi.
The Westchester, six and a half furlongs—
Rli hard J won. Lieutenant Gibson second, Lady
Lindsey third. Time. 1:20%.
fine mile Bouchon won. Bare Perfume sec
ond. The Roman third. Tin-..-. 1:40%.
One mile and one furlong— BOX won, Maid of •
Harlem second, Decanter third. Time, 1:55%.
CINCINNATI Oct. 12.— Flora Louise was the
only favorite that won a purse at Latonia to
day. Larkspur, at 15 to 1, took the last race
In ' a drive f : . m Unsightly. Weather clear.
Track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Flora Louise won. Neck
lace second. Ostra third. Time. 1:1."',
Five and a half furlor.gs— Solent won, Par
menlon second, Dick [Caber third. Time. 1 08%.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Rosa
Ma — won, Dlser second, Fresco third. Time,
I:4<H.
One mile, handicap— Allie Belle won. Hop
Scotch Fecond. Sir Rolla third. Time. 1:42.
Five furlongs, ?elling— Larkspur won. In
Blghtly second. Water Bottle third. Time,
1:01%.
DETROIT, Oct. 12.— Weather clear at Wind
sor. Track fast. Result?:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Quaver
won. Little Reggie second, Looram third. Time,
1:0814.
Five furlongs, selling— Alfred Hargrave won,
Miss Fonsoland second, Lizzie McCarthy third.
Time, 1:02'/,.
One and a sixteenth miles, Arquebus
won Lady of the West second, Pete Kitchen
third. Time, 1:50.
Five and a half furlongs— Yohlcer won. John
Halsey second. Hie Away third. Time, 1:08^.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Crysalline
won, Interferer second, Salvado third. Time,
1:21.
Six and a half furlongs— Nekarnls won, Anna
Lauretta second, Red Snapper third. Time,
1:21.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— Weather cloudy; track
fast. Results:
Six furlongs— Rival Dare won. Mis? Dooley
second. Antiquary third. Time. 1:14.
Six furlongs — Kentucky Farmer won. Red
Cross II second, Florizar third. Time. 1:15.
line mile Ed Tipton won. Periwig second,
Great Bend third. Time, 1:394.
Five furlongs— Nlekey D won, George Le Bel
second, Montgomery third. Tina. 1:00'_.
One mile— Bishop Heed won. Tappan second,
Volandles third. Time. 1:40*
Mile ami an eighth— Bitter Root won. Double
Dummy second, Dogtown third. Time, 1:53%.
HUGHES INVINCIBLE.
Californian Wins the Game for the
Brooklyn Team.
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLVBS. .
dubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....S9 48 .6*3 Pittsburg ...75 "2 .510
Boston 94 56 .627 1 Chicago 74 71 .507
Philadelphia 93 " .620 Louisville ...73 76 .490
Baltimore ...S5 60 .587! New York ..60 89 .403
St. Louie 81 66 .560 i Washington 52 100 .342
Cincinnati ..80 67 .545! Cleveland ...20 131 .132
BROOKLYN, Oct. 12.— T0-day's game was
sharply and prettily played. The Brooklyn?
won because they bunched their few hits, while
Baltimore could make do impression on Bushes.
Tom Pah- played a star game at second, his
catches of fly balls at short and right field be
ing especially brilliant. Score:
Clubs- H- H. E.
Baltimore 1 * 2
Brooklyn 5 6 3
Batteries— McGinerty and Smith: Hughes an.i
UeGulre. Umpires— Connolly and Hunt. At
tendance 1100.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 12.— The Reds Rained a
Winning lead In the first inning to-day, but
could do nothing with Coliflower after that.
Darkness ended the (tame in the seventh inning.
Attendance 100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Cincinnati « 6 3
Cleveland 2 9 3
Batteries— Frieke and Knlioe; Coliflower and
Sugden. Umpire— McDonald.
BOSTON. Oct. 12.— Good hitting in the sev
enth and eighth innings won the game for
Philadelphia to-day. Bailey was win at times,
giving six passes to first. Orth'B pitching Inras
very steady and his support glHS*dged. The
game was railed at the end nt the eighth on
account of darkness. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 11 2
Boston 3 9 0
Batteries- Orth and McFarland; Bailey and
Sullivan. Umpires— Emslle and Dwyer. ■
WASHINGTON. Oct. 12.— The only feature of
the first game to-day was Freeman's twenty
seventh home run. The bases were full. In
th.' second the visitors outbatted the Senators.
Attendance WO. Score:
First game-
Clubs— R. H. K.
Washington 7 13 2
New York ; 9 _. 9 . 3
Batteries— Dlneen and Kittredge; Gcttlg and
Wilson. Umpires— Snyder and Latham.
Second game
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Washington ...; 4 3 .'-. 4
New York 5 14 2
Batteries— Flfleld and Powers; poheny and
; Warner. Umpires— Snyder and Latham.
To Provide Sunday Baseball.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— The owners of
the Washington baseball club have signed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. 'FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
BOXER VAN BUSKIRK LOSES TO RUSSELL ON A FOUL.
The boxing bouts at the National Athletic Club last night did not consume
much time. Referee Jordan stopped Heavyweights Van Buskirk and Russell in
the fourth round of their bout. He awarded the decision to Russell, as Van
Buskirk was biting his ear. The police stopped the Turner-Reilly bout in the
second round*
a contract by the terms of which they
are to furnish Sunday baseball, to be
played in Maryland, five and a half miles
out of this city, during the championship
season of 1900. The other parties to the
contract are owners and operators of a
street railway.
PLAYS EXCELLENT GOLF.
Mrs. Fox Defeats Miss Sands on the
Philadelphia Links.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12. -As good an
article of golf as any one would care to
see was played to-day in the second round
for the woman's championship of the Uni
ted States. The stars of the day were
Mrs. Caleb F. Fox of the Huntingdon
Valley Cricket Club, Rydale, Pa., and
Miss Anna Sands of the Newport Golf
Club, Newport, R. I. Although Miss
Bands was defeated by Mrs. Fox, the
Newport player was by no means dis
graced and was heartily applauded for
her uphill work. The golf of Mrs. Fox
has been the sensation of the tournament,
although in the preliminary round her
name was little mentioned for champion
ship honors.
Mrs. Fox's opponent to-morrow for the
semi-final round will be Miss Marion
Oliver of Albany, N. Y. Miss Oliver is
another player who has surprised the
talent. The other winners to-day were
Miss Ruth Underhill of Glencove, L. 1.,
and Miss Elsie Cassatt of this city.
REMEDIAL MEASURES
FOR THE ARMENIANS
Ottoman Government Making Rep
aration in Part for Past
Oppression.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 12.— impe
rial irade has been issued abolishing all
measures that prevented the free move
ments of Armenians. It also orders the
rebuilding and repairing, with Govern
ment assistance, of churches, schools and
monasteries destroyed during the troubles
and the payment of sums due officials or
the families of officials who were expelled
or killed in the massacres.
In addition to these remedial measures
the irade pardons fifty-four prisoners and
commutes to imprisonment, for life the
sentences of twenty-four j persons con
demned to death.
As this action on the part of the Otto
man Government is accepted by the pa
triarchs as satisfactory, these dignitaries
will withdraw their resignations.
m
SMALLPOX AT ASTORIA.
ASTORIA, Or.. Oct. 12.— A cose of con
fluent smallpox has been discovered in
this city and the usual excitement over
the appearance of the disease prevails.
It was thought yesterday by physicians
that the case was one of varioloid, but an
other examination to-day showed it to be
smallpox in Its worst form.
The patient is Beecher Slooo. a milk
man. He recently visited Salem, this
State, where the disease is prevalent, and
it is presumed he contracted it while
there. The house in which he resides has
been temporarily quarantined pending the
erection of a new pest house. I
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, October 12, 1899.—Seven
teenth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather line. Track fast.
INGLESIDE
ENTRIES ARE
EXTRA FINE
Many Fleet Hounds Will
Contest in the Coursing
Saturday and Sunday.
An exceptionally fine string of grey
hounds will participate in the coursing at
Ingleslde to-morrow and Sunday. It will
be an open stake and there will be forty
entries. The prizes aggregate $730, of
which $110 -will go to the winner, $75 to
second and $50 to third. There will be
forty awards in all. In addition to those
named there will be two of $35, five of $25,
ten of $15, and twenty of $7 50. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
James Burns' Nellie B vs. T. MeHugh's Maid
of the Mill; Bartlett Bros.' Border's Best vs. R.
B. Julllan's Sweet Music; T. MeHugh's Moss
Rose vs. D. Dillon's Modesty; M. Carrigan's
Lady Blanche vs. C. Applebee's Queen A; J.
Coleman's Norman vs. J. Bradshaw's Enter
prise; Courtney's Douglas vs. G. Lahusen'B
Fireball; Kay & Tram's Dudley Diamond vs. A.
Vandenburg's American Eagle; T. Fanntng's
Murphy vs. J. Ferris' Cleopatra; J. Holloway's
Brian Brough vs. Joseph Naughton's Lagoleta;
James Burns' Battleship vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Chicago Boy; Larkey & Locke's Lib
erty Bell vs. C. L. Appleby's Clara B: J.
Bradshaw's Beauty vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal: J. Keenan's Blacklock vs. D.
Dowst's Sarcastic; J. Ferguson's Gold Hill vs.
i: M. Kellogg's lowa Maid; H. A. Deckel
man's Prince George vs. Connell Brothers'
Mamie Pleasant; H. A. Deckelman's Mlra
Monte vs. W. Griffin's Monopole; H.
Alien's Miss Lewis vs. Connell Brothers' Sen
orita; R. Jardine's Young Lochlnvar vs. P. M.
Clarkson's Black Hawk; E. Baumelster's Win
ning Ways vs. M. Michalik's Glenn Roy; Moran
& O'Nell's Nellie H vs. Handy & Smith's To
rora; C. Leavy's Babe Sheridan vs. Handy &
Smith's Magic: James Burns' Olympus vs.
Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald; T. F.
Locan's Miss Giggle vs. Bartlett Brothers'
Bart's Bell: E. Baumelster's Warrior vs. C.
Leavy's Wild Game: H. Weber's Mon.ini vs.
A. Yandenherg's Kitty V; J. -.eggeraon'a Can
delarla vs. C. Aiken's Bernice; E. M. Kellogg's
Hummer vs. C. L. Appleby's Little Sister: J.
Shea' a Young America vs. L. Wlggln's Dex
ter P; Connell Brothers' Saint Helen vs. Lar
key & Locke's Vaneda; W. U. Trade's Wander
ing Tom vs. M. Michalik's Kerry Gow; A. F.
Moore's Decency vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gil
more; J. Kramer's Jesse Moore vs. T. Sulli
van's Maid of the Hill; T. J. Kernan's Meta
Belle vs. J. Keenan's Loyal Oak; M. H She
herd'6 Exile vs. J. Keenan's Royal Buck; '1 .
J. Cloonen'a Wild Tralee vs. Connell Brothers'
Log Boy; Moran & O'Nell's Iren H vs. ... M.
Kellopg's lowa Girl: D. Chella's Golden Russet
vs. Janes' Eleven Spot: W. C. Glasson Sir
Knight vs. Kay A Trant's Eclipse: Joseph
Naughton's Cadenza vs. Lowe A Thompson's
Saint Orrln; Sam Moore's Roxe vs. Handy A
Smith's Victor Queen.
Bain Prevents Racing.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct., 12.— The trot
ting races were postponed to-day on ac
count of rain. There will be a double
programme to-morrow.
TWO CHOICES
BOWLED OVER
AT OAKLAND
Horton Had a Narrow Escape.
Novia and .Wyoming
Earned Brackets.
The light downpour of rain left a vel
vety surface to the track at Oakland and
yesterday the members of the "patched
up" brigade ran like two-year-olds. Of
the five favorites sent to the post three,
Wyoming, Tenrlca and Horton were re
turned winners.
It seemed as if Galen Brown's Wyoming
could be half good and beat the bunch he
was pitted against in the first event, a
six-furlong selling run. The ring laid as
good as 6 to 5 about him, and he came
home alone, three open lengths before
Don Luis, an 8 to 1 sled, well supported.
Rosalbra made a bid for the purse, but
stopped noticeably the last part.
Novia, the speedy Islington mare, carry
ing the Spreckels colors, pocketed the sec
ond purse. She was third choice in the
betting to Yule and Sorrow, and with
Jack Ward in the saddle was never head
ed. Alicia, contender from the jump, was
beaten but a neck and could have scored
had the distance been further. Mounce,
on the favorite Yule, rode in wretched
form, running unplaced.
A selling handicap, over one mile and
a sixteenth, turned out "oil from the can'
for Tenrica. Tommy Walsh, the protege
of "Butch" Fisher, sat on her back, and
reserving his rush for the last furlong
won galloping. Postel with the leg up on
Anchored found the longest way around
the track, and at the wire was downed
a neck for the place by Stromo. Mon
rovia, the second choice, undoubtedly pre
fers the sprinting distance.
For the fourth event, a scramble over
the Futurity course, Horton was served
up a steaming hot 2 to 7 choice. Frawley
nearly gave the chestnut colt's backers
heart disease, as at the paddock Horton
looked beaten. His gameness pulled him
through, for he forged ahead from there,
leading I Don't Know over the line a
scant length. Whitcomb ran third.
Beyond peradventure of a doubt, if
Frawlev were to get lost on the burning
sands of Death Valley he would stumble
across a hitherto unknown well and fall
in. In a race he can find pockets that
would shame a classic member of the
light-fingered fraternity. In the conclud
ing chapter he had the mount on Polish,
the favorite, and the books were to have
received a jarring. As the field broke
Frawlev managed to get his mount's head
through the webbing, taking all but the
posts and Ferguson with him. He lost
several lengths, but hugged the rail and
lost the decision by less than a length to
Ringmaster. The latter horse, however,
won cleverly. Tiburon, which made all
the running, finished a close third.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's running events:
First • Futurity course; maiden two
year-olds; purse.
148 Palapa 1101 82 Jolly 8rit0n..... 107
138 Loyta 102 ... Mountaineer ...113
...Miss Vera 110 | 138 Abbieolo 100
...Essence  110 I 138 Ella de P0y....100
138 My Secret 104 !
Second race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds.
150 Somls 101 142 Faversham ....IM
151 Correct M 145 Lothian 101
Third race— One mile; four-rear-olds and up;
selling.
147 Lomo 07 ... Merry Hoy 107
145 Roadrunner ....110 138 Term. Maid. ..1.107
151 P. A. Finnegan. lo7( 140 Wilmeter 100
Fourth race Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up.
ISO Imperious 103! 145 Reolla 103
(1* Farlane 109 i 154 Stromo 101
153 Sorrow 109
Fifth rare— furlongs: all ages.
in", Bamboulia 98 147 Prince A 165
130 Campus 113= 136 Magdalenes ....110
141 Etta H US 147 Seven Up 106
135 February 105; 152 Isabelle 113
123 Tonrist II 1101 136 Ojai 110
123 Shellac 1111 147 The Offering.. ..101
146 Sprylark ....... 105 i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I I
HEALTH AND STRENGTH is.
of so much importance and so I
easily obtained that no one need bel
weak or otherwise afflicted. 1
WHEN II IN
has a contracted ailment, an un-
natural weakness or any other
bodily affliction he is doing himself
an injustice. Such unfortunates
can be given a new lease of life by
America's most skilled and success-
ful specialists, Dr. Meyers & Co.
The methods, remedies and appli-
ances of these well-known and re-
liable physicians are superior to
all others. Their staff is composed
of six physicians and surgeons, all
of whom are graduates from the
best medical colleges in both the
Old and New World. Their ex-
perience covers a period of nearly
nineteen years. They never resort
to the use of electric belts, mineral >
or other dangerous drugs. They
cure private and other diseases, in-
cluding contagious blood poison,
restore victims of nervous debility
to perfect manhood. All their cures
are as lasting as life. Patients may
wait until they are cured before
paying or may pay in monthly in-
stallments. Home cures a spe-
cialty. Terms and private book free
at office or by mail. All letters con-
fidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
■ ■ ■ ■ .
731 Market * t., San Francisco,
Hours, . 8 to "> daily; 7 to S even-
ings; 9 to 11 Sundays. No charge
for consultation and advice. Prices
reasonable.
Jffl&^U* RUPTURE.
WB_S_L/^ wjjiB USE NO MORE IRON
\wtt3SkSa\*amX&F Hoop* or Steel Spring's
f-^lB.^*^ Rupture retained with ease
S^ffv ian ! 1 comfort and thousands radi-
■ ■ /MV cally CU , RED by DR. PIERCES
WL,/«r* Magnetic Elastic Truss. [CTCall at
*maW i office or write for New Pamphlet
.;■ No. 1. .-yr...
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco. i
Selections for To-D'-y
First race— Ella de Poy. Palapa, Loyta.
Second race— Correct, . Faversham, Lothian.
Third race— Roadrunner, P. A. Finnegan,
Wilmeter. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ _-___(_S mtt¥r*^***^*^T^^^^^^^^**mamai I^B6___! s>>s s.
Our $1.95 Hat.
We could go on and tell you all about
the good features in this hat, but it will save
time and space when we say that this very
same quality of hats sell for $2.50 in a great
many stores. That proves the value for $1 .9?.
Stiff Hats: Soft Hats:
two shapes; two shapes;
colors— black, colors— black,
walnut, russet. brown, cedar, pearl.
&Ms7n-woqd & cdMw
V^jl^/ 713 MARKET ST N^iOJX
Out-of-tow n crc'eis fil'cc — write us.
STATEMENT
— THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNION
* INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, In the State of Pennsyl- i
vania, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash T. ...$200,000 00
ASSETS. " ~~~
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,990 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 360,15100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other market-
able securities as collateral 13,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 1,853 21
Cash In Banks 12.479 52
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans, cash in hands of agents. 8,980 57
Interest due nnd accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 247 50
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 47,766 28
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
petual Insurance on building) .' 742 50
Duo from other Companies for Re-
Insurance en losses already paid ...
Total Assets .$616.920 58
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 08
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 20,638 85
Losses resisted, Including expenses ... 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $183,520 09; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 91,760 05
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $188,160 01;
reinsurance pro rata 100,753 94
Amount reclaimable by the Insured on
perpetual fire insurance policies 33,73176
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, ; ■ -i reinsurance 50
per cent
All other liabilities /. 11.372 77
Total Liabilities ..$269,793 45
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,862 27
N't Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages . 345 00
Received fir Interest and dividends on
Bonds Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 18.035 60
Received for Rents 2,348 47
Received from all other sources 60 84
Total Income $29 1. IS
* EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
[ eluding $29,548 91, losses nt previous
years) $199,939 92
I Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including , losses of pre-
i vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders 12.000 00
j Paid or allowed for Commission or
, Brokerage 51,435 70
j Paid for Salnri°s. Fe»s, and other
, charges for officers, clerks, etc 42.31157
Paid for State. Natlcnal. and local
! taxes 8.247 28
All other payments and expenditures.. 26.105 85
Total Expet.**?jres $340,040 32
Total Expei^^jres 046,040 St
-•
■ _ -'/.'"■ '.'' Fire.-
Losses incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of Risks) I
written during the!
/ear I $32,547,254! $318,324 99
Net amount of Rlsksl I
expired during the!
year ;....( 33,343.9201 261,73174
i 'Net amount in force] |
Decemher 31. 1595.....1 37.433.6711 371.680 10
C. 8. HOLLINSHEAD, President.
E. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1899.
RICHARD H. REILLY.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
. R.W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
Oast
Fourth race— Reolla, Imperious. McFarlane.
Fifth race— Bamboulia, Etta H, Tourist 11.
. — . ♦ ■ — '■ —
The more you pay for experience the
more' it is worth to you.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1838, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS." ~
Real Estate owned by Company..... $249,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 846,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 8,621,300 OH
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 81,850 00
Cash in Company's Office 5,511 51
Cash in Banks 137,903 98
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,978 16
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,166 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 265,500 57
Rents due and accrued 225 00
Total Assets .$5,227,336 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $14,025 85
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 146,833 39
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,725 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,067,779 06;
reinsurance 50 per cent 783.889 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,-
-626 05; reinsurance pro rata 743,087 SI
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 831,311 43
All other liabilities 4,000 00
Total Liabilities $2,529,872 73
"" =
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,653,905 64
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 42,647 21.
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 165,512 03
Received for Rents 4,457 44
Transfers .... 381,
Total Income .$1.866.903 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1,097,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 881,21191
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 95.490 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 58,374 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 96,682 78
Total Expenditures .$1.829,390 17
V ;' ; Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,057,599 54
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $241,551,124 $2,204,669 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 222,384,731 2,187.623 98
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898. ...| 343,575.238 2,932,405 11
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL. Secretary.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th
day of January, 18M. THOS. J. HUNT,
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
WEEKLY. CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.SUPREME COURT
PUTS PREMIUM
ON NEGLIGENCE
It Is Not a Crime if
Eyes Are Closed.
REMISSNESS IS PROFITABLE
Judge Daingerfield Forced to Instruct
a Jury in Keeping With It
and a Disagreement
P-esults.
A recent decision handed down by tne
Supreme Court. placing a premium on" neg
ligence and making "remissness" on the
part of corporation employes a profitable
matter lor corporations, has prevented
the recovery of damages from the South
ern racific Company by the widow and
aged parents of Christen P. Bladt, who
was crushed to death beneath the wheels
of a locomotive at Estudillo Station, near
San Lorenzo, In the early morning of
July 29 of last year. On the morning of
the accident Bladt started for Oakland to
sell a load of fruit. Believing that no
train was near, he started to cross the
track, and the next instant he was hurled
unconscious to the dust, injured unto
death. Some time later he was removed
to his home, but died shortly after he
arrived th.-re.
His widow, Helene K. Bladt, and dece
dent's parents filed suit against the cor
poration to recover $20,000 damages for his
death. In the complaint it was set forth
that the corporation employes failed to
sound a warning whistle or ring the bell
when approaching the crossing, and that
after the train had hurled Bladt to the
roadside they refused to go back and ren
der him aid. A general denial on the part
of the Souther Pacific joined the issues,
and the case went to trial before Judge
Daingerfleld. Considerable evidence was
produced substantiating plaintiffs' claim
that the corporation employes were re
sponsible by reason of negligence for the
accident, while on the other hand the en
gineer and fireman of the locomotive tes
tified that the whistle was blown at the
proper place and that the bell was sound
ed to warn any one approaching the
track. After this testimony was in At
torney Peter F. Dunne, who represented
the company, examined the engineer and
fireman at length on the point as to
whether or not they saw the vehicle oc
cupied by Bladt approaching the track.
Both testified positively that they did not,
and the reason for the lengthy examina
tion on this point became clear when the
instructions Wc-re presented to the tin,
as among them was that based on the Su
preme Court decision making miss
ness" on the part of employes Stable
to the corporation. This decision was
handed down in the case of Herbert vs.
the Southern Pacific Company, and holds
that if the negligence or the injured party
puts him in peril and his peril is noticed
by the defendant twhich in this case re
fers to the defendant's agents, the engin
eer and fireman), and by the exercise of
ordinary diligence the defendant could
have avoided the injury, and lid not, the
defendant will be held liable for the in
jury. This rule is based, however, con
tinues the court, on the theory that the
defendant did know the plaintiff's peril,
and is not based on the proposition that
the defendant would have discovered the
peril of plaintiff but for remissness on his
part. "Under this rule," the Supreme
Court decision concludes, "the defendant
Is not liable because he ought to have
known the peril of plaintiff." As an in
struction based on this decision was de
manded by the company's attorney. Judge
Daingerfield had no alternative but to give
1. The jury filed out. and after being out
all night was unable to agree and was
discharged.
Many attorneys in the court spoke of
the danger to the people and the protec
tion to the company in the decision above. I
All a locomotive engineer must do now to i
protect the company is to whistle out a
•juarter of a mile from a station or a
.rossing. open his throttle and turn his
back: If he leaves a trail of maimed and
lead in hi.s wake his employers are not li- j
ible because he ought, to have attended to
luty ar.d known the peril of the dead and
injured! which he did not. and in his ig
norance of their peril, in his "remissness^"
ne has given his employers protection
and saved them financial loss. Had he
oeen negligent with open eyes the com
aany would be forced to pay, in Supreme
Court logic, but negligence wit! closed
.yes covers a multitude of sins and saves
i multitude of dollars.
THEGBAID PUNCHED SLADKY.
Bad Feeling Engendered Through a
Case in Judge Mogan's Court.
The case of R. W. Theobald, charged
ivith the embezzlement of $16 40 by
Tharles W. Sladky, ex-proprietor of the
SLammam Baths, for whom he was agent,
las been dragging along in Judge Mogan's
lotirt since March last.
Yesterday there was a further hearing
n the case, witnesses for the defense ap
pearing to testify, and another contlnu
ince was granted till Tuesday.
When all parties left the courtroom In
i bunch and faced each other in the cor
•idor. Sladky angrily said to Theobald.
'Who are you looking at?" and Theobald
replied, "At you." Then Theobald re
;orted by asking Sladky, "Who are you
ooking at?" and Sladky gave the same
•eply, "At you." Theobald shot out his
•ight fist and smote Sladky in the fac»,
md was dragged away by his attorney,
Seel B. Terry.
Sladky hurried into court and demanded
hat the Judge should issue a warrant for
Theobald's arrest on the charge of bat
ery, but the Judge advised him to wait
ill this morning as his warrant clerk had
rone for the day.
Mendocino's Exhibit.
An attractive exhibit of products of the
State has been added to the fine display
tf the State Board of Trade in the ferry
ruilding. At the conclusion of tho district
air. which closed in Ukiah last week
Secretary J. A. Filcher asked that the'
letter part of the display be moved to
his city, to show the world what can be
•alsed ln Mendocino County. The Idea
*-as accepted, and yestecday the pick of
he Uklah fair was sent to the ferry
mildtng. This consists of selected vege
ables of all kinds, apples, large "in size
tnd variety, cereals, etc. Mendocino
Tounty is already represented In -he
•card by a fine (exhibit, but it is now pro
mised to keep the new installment fresh
he year round. This exhibit is one of
ho Tactions of the board's general dis
»lay.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself, inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle- soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it
INDIAN INDIGO
MERCHANT SAID
TO BE A FORGER
Caught While Opera
ting in This City.
WANTED IN DIFFERENT CITIES
He Stoutly Maintains That He Is
What He Represents Himself
to Be, but Facts Are
Against Him.
Chief Lees has on his hands a man
whom be considers a most accomplished
swindler and forger, who has op
erated on the European continent.
in London, England, in Ottawa,
Canada, and in New York and
Chicago. He claims that he is Anand A.
Advani. an indigo merchant of Bombay,
London and Bremen: that he is a member
of one of the oldest families in India, his
ancestors having settled In Hyderabad in
NOTORIOUS HINDOO CONFIDENCE WORKER OF BANKS.
the presidency of Bombay 600 years ago.
j His father, lie says, is Hon. Ajeetising
j Advani. a millionaire banker of Bombay
' and a member of the Legislative Council,
and he has a brother, a barrister in Bom
bay, and a younger brother in the Uni
versity of Cambridge, England. He has a
gentlemanly appearance and is not at all
bad looking
|The New V' rk Herald of September 24
published an article exposing Advani arid
characterizing him as a swindler and for
ger. He went to Ottawa in the beginning
of September, where he registered ... the
Russell House, the leading hotel there,
and soon made lots of friends in society.
He was introduced to Lord Mime, the
Governor General of Canada, and got an
introduction to the Bank of British North
America, where he explained that he had
deposited in the National Bank of India,
in London, £&»>. to his credit. He got a
lot of valuable jewelry from a leading
Jewelry firm, and the proprietor of the
Russell House cashed all his checks with
out demur. Then he disappeared after
getting a letter of introduction to the
branch of the Bank of British North
America here.
• Advani turned up in New York and soon
made the acquaintance of the Hindoo
merchants there and secured from Roos
tarn Beramji $6.. in cash and several hun
dred dollars' worth of goods. After leav
ing New York he went to Chicago, where
he cut a wide swath in society md be
came engaged to Miss Virginia Tyler Hud
son, a reporter on the Evening News. She
is a daughter of the late Rev. D. L. Hud-
Eon of Madison, Ind., and a gran.;.:
ter of the late ex-Piesident Tyler. Among
his effects is a letter from her dated
"Palmer House, September 21," in which
she speaks of how highly honored she
felt at the prospect of being the wife of
such a distinguished man. He bought a
diamond engagement ring for her from
C. D. Peacock, a jeweler in Chicago, and
gave in payment a draft on the Bank of
British North America, Ottawa. He was
arrested on a dispatch from Ottawa for
sending a "fake" draft, but as the Cana
dian authorities did not care to be at the
coat of extraditing him he was released
from custody. That finished his career
in Chicago. "Prior to his exposure, how
ever, he had opened an account with the
Commercial National Bank in Chicago on
the same representations he had made to
the Ottawa Bank, and received a check
book from the bank.
Chief Lees saw the article in the New
York Herald and made up his mind to
watch for the swindler If he should come
this way. Captain Seymour learned
Tuesday that Advani had arrived here
on the steamer Umatilla from Victoria
the previous day, and at once notified the
Chief. They went to the various banks
to warn them to be on their guard and
learned from the local manager of the
Bank of British North America that Ad
vani had already been there, but they had
taken from him the letter of introduction
which he had obtained by fraud and the
check book. They ascertained that Advani
had called at the Bank of California with
two ladies whom he met on the Umatilla,
to each of whom he had given a draft for
$300 on the Chicago bank, to deposit the
drafts for collection. He also deposited
[a draft in his own name for $1000 for
collection and wanted an advance of $50
on it, but was refused. He claimed he
had lost his letters of introduction and
check books. He went to another bank
and deposited a draft for 1600 for collec
tion and got an advance of $25. He also
went to Thomas Cook & Son, the tourist
agents, to purchase a ticket for Los An
geles and gave them a draft for $600, ex
pecting to get the change when he called
• yesterday, hut he was too late. Besides
' all this he had deposited with the Lon
don, Paris and American Bank a draft
for £8000 on the London and County
Bank, London, England, which he Intend
ed to draw upon, so that he did not waste
any time in getting to work.
The Chief had wired to Chicago and
the bank telegraphed a reply to get from
Advani their check book. The Chief and
Captain Seymour discovered that Advani
was a guest at the Grand Hotel and De
tective George McMahon was detailed to
watch for him. He was arrested yester
day after he had paid his bill at the hotel
and was going to Cook & Son to get his
ticket to Los Angeles. He was so hard
up that after his arrival here he pawned
his gold watch, diamond and ruby gold
pin and diamond and ruby ring for $25.
He was taken to the Chief's office and
put through a searching examination. He
stoutly maintained that he was an indigo
merchant from Bombay and that all his
transactions were honorable. He account
ed for his lack of funds by the fact that
his father on learning that he had mar
ried an Englishwoman, Miss Holmes, in
London, had sent word to his bankers In
London to" stop all supplies unknown to
him. He is a Brahmin and his father
would not forgive him for marrying a
Christian. His wife died last April in
giving birth to a daughter, who is with
friends ln England. He said he was first
married when he was 6 years old to a
girl 4 years old. who died when she was
21. Like Sir Harry Cooper, he had stamps
made In New York with banking firms'
names on them and had tetter heads and
other documents printed. Among his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
papers were found a number of letters
written by women in New York, Chicago,
Pittsburg and England showing that he |
was a heartbreaker. !
In view of the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Alonzo Whiteman case the i
Chief will not be able to hold Advani as
he.would require to bring witnesses from
London. England, to testify, and he will
reluctantly have to discharge him.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
TO ORGANIZE A CLUB
The members of the various unions af
filiated with the Allied Printing Trades
C Including printers, tereotypers,
web pressmen, printing pressmen, photo
engravers, etc.— have determined to enter
the municipal political campaign and
make a fight for the union label.
A largely attended meeting was held
last night at the headquarters of the
Typographical Union. 533 Kearny street,
and temporary organization effected by
electing Harry Gibb, president of the
Typographical Union, as chairman, andT.
J. Dfnan, president of the Web Press
men, as secretary.
A resolution was unanimously adopted,
and referred to the. committee on plat
form and rules, with instructions to
draw up the platform In accordant to
the spirit thereof. The resolution is as
follows:
Whereas, The membtrs of the unions affil
iated with the Allied Printing Trades Council,
and all men who are In favor of union labor
li.-ing employed on all commercial work, having
found It impossible to secure the use of the
Allied Printing Trades Council label on city
printing; and.
Whereas, .Ml efforts having failed to secure
the appearance of said label without entering
the field of politics: therefore, be it
Resolved, That all union men, and all friends
of union labor, do form .1 political club, which
shall be non-partisan and nun- sectarian, and
the members of said club shall pledge them
selves to support only such candidates for
office who, in the opinion of this club, would,
if elected, fulfill their professions of friendship
for organized labor and the _: lon label.
Th*- chair was instructed to appoint a
committee -on permanent organization and
a. committee on platform and rules. The
following were appointed:
Committee on permanent organization—
T. J. Carroll (chairman),; 3. Wainwright,
A. I. Miner, C. Vandervodrt, 11. Pohlman,
J. Smith, N. Ewers, C. Bishop, F. Caler
and J. Benson.
Committee on platform and rule— D
Doggett (.airman). G. B. Bond, T. Mur
?J. y L rancis Drake. G. Taylor, L.
Michaelson. F. 1.. Hall. T. Wall H Ma
honey, F. Ewald, \v. aver, J. J Ken
ny, A. Bramwell, H. Meirnn and J. May
The meeting adjourned to next Sunday
afternoon at 2 (.'clock, at Becker's Hali,
14 Third street, when permanent organiza
tion will be effected, a platform adopted
and possibly several candidates indorsed.
Tre club will open permanent headquar
ters at 14 Montgomery street.
This Is the first instance in the history
of the printing trade of this city where
the members of the unions connected
therewith have affiliated for non-partisan
political purposes. The unions connected
with this movement have a membership
of over 1000, and they are sanguine of ac
complishing much good for the cause of
unionism, irrespective of party.
MILE OF TRACK A DAY.
Rapidity With Which the Valley
Road Is Reing Pushed to
Completion-.
Chief Engineer Storey reports that the
; track of the Valley road Is being pushed
; ahead at the rate of a mile a day and
i that all the other labor In Connection with
! the great enterprise is moving ahead with
j the same gratifying celerity.
The rails are now in plkce five miles
west of Stockton in the direction of Point
Richmond and only about, ten miles of
uncovered ground lies between the end of
the ties and Middle River, the next Im
portant objective point. The track is al
• ready In place In front of Antioch and
has been pushed out to a distance of
about four miles to the westward of that
place.
The foundations of the big steel viaduc*
at the upper end of the El' Hambre Val
ley are already in place and the actual
work of construction will be started some
time next week. As all the steel for this
structure and the bridges has arrived
from the foundries in the East there Is
now nothing to prevent the work being
carried rapidly to completion.
The bridge over the San Joaquin Is fin
ished and now has trains- running over
it. The bridges over the Middle and Old
rivers, however, are not so- far along and
It will take probably until the first part
of next month to finish them.
Work on all the tunnels is progressing
satisfactorily and It is expected that they
will all be in working order within the
next three weeks except possibly the big
Franklin tunnel, which ha*, to be exten
sively retlmbered, which labor will delay
Its completion some two or. three week's
longer than the others. j
Grand Lodge of Masons.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
Free and Accepted Masons yesterday
there was considerable business transact
ed, but none of It of a public character.
The finance committee, consisting of Ja
cob H. Neff, E. S. Valentine, George M.
Perrine, E. E. Stone and H. H. Knapp,
presented its report and the committee on
jurisprudence, consisting of- E. M. Pres
ton. S. C. Denson, M. M. Estee. H. N
Rucker and J. B. Stevens, also presented
its report, both of which were accepted
The grand. lecturer. Judge Carroll Cook
delivered a lengthy but very Interesting
lecture on the lessons and' work of Ma
sonry and in the afternoon the time of
the session was taken up with discus
sions on ritualistic work. ■■'•.■
The election of grand officers, which
had been announced for yesterday, was
postponed until to-day. "
1 . « ♦ ■ — '• .
A Heavy: Registration.
This year's registration has been heav
ier than in arty other year in the polit
ical history of the city. . and Registrar
Steppacher predicts one of the liveliest
elections. The books were closed at mid
night last night and at that time over
72,000 electors had registered. The work
of selecting competent election officers
is progressing rapidly and will be finished
this week. The election booths will not
be put out until about the first of the
month, when the voting places will be
announced.-.--; , . A v.«r.
Produce Exchange Burned.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 12.— The Produce
Exchange was burned te-day. The loss
on building and to occupants is $100,000.
WAR TAX TO BE
AMENDED BY THE
NEXT CONGRESS
Millions of Dollars Not
Collected.
— ♦ —
AMBIGUITY IN THE WORDING
♦
Undivided Profits of Banks to Pay a
Tax of Two Cents on Each
One Hundred Dollars
Used.
A dispatch received from Washington
yesterday stated that the Internal Reve-
nue Commissioner was about to urge
upon the members of Congress, at the
coming session, the necessity of amending
the war-tax law. BO as to save to the
Treasury many millions of dollars yearly.
which are now uncollectable because of
ambiguity in the wording of the law and
adverse decisions by the courts. Internal
Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas of this
city said yesterday that there is much
to do for Congress in this matter, in order
to save millions of dollars now lost to
the Government.
"The greatest loss," said Mr. Thomas,
"is the tax on the undivided profits of
banks. According to section 2, paragraph
2, of the war-tax law, all banks having
an undivided surplus must pay the tax
of 2 cents on each $100 used in the bank.
The Attorney General ruled that undi
vided profits in banks were not considered
as capital or surplus and that the banks
did not have to pay the tax. So the
Government lost a large amount of
money. On the other hand the Govern
ment gains considerable money by the tax
on stocks, the tax being on the face valu
ation of the shares. In the northeastern
districts of California between $200,000
and $300,000 per year are lost by the fail
ure to collect the bank tax.
"Some money is lost on the wine tax
by restaurant keepers serving wine in
pitchers instead of bottles which are
taxed, and also by the use of tax stamps
a second and a third time. this loss
could be avoided by taxing the wine in
the winery, or by having strip stamps
fastened to the cork and to the bottle
in such a way that the cork could not
be drawn without breaking the stamp.
I have no doubt that Congress will amend
the law so that those leakages will be
checked."
WELL WON BARS FOR
A FIRST LIEUTENANT
PROMOTION FOR J. D. LEITCH,
POST ADJUTANT.
First of the Regiments Formed Un
der the Last Call Ordered Out
to This Station.
First Lieutenant Joseph Leitch of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, post adjutant of
the Presidio, has been promoted to a cap
taincy of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, and
with the commission comes an order to
join his new command as soon as possi
ble. Company G of the Twenty-fifth, to
which he has been promoted, is the garri
son company at Fort Sam Houston, San
Antonio, Texas, and before long Captain
I.eitch will have to make his way south
ward, unless he is retained in his present
position.
His departure will be a distinct loss to
the Presidio, for among officers and men, j
as well as those 'whose business is with i
j and not of the military establishment, he
■ has earned an enviable reputation for
■ courtesy and kindliness. Captain Leitch
S was an officer of the Fifth Army Corps
that served through the campaign in
| Cuba. He was in all the engagements of
! importance, and when he came to the Pre
sidio with his regiment last June he
brought with him a record to be proud of.
Fort Sam Houston is the headquarters
■of the Department of Texas. It is the
I most important post in the Southwest,
and in the ordinary course of events Cap
'■ tain I.eitch will become a post commander
as well as a captain. He brings to the
position more than the usual experience j
\ and ability. The congratulations of all
his friends follow him to his new com
mand.
The Forty-fifth Infantry, under Colonel
i Dorst, has been ordered to make a start
from Fort Spelling for Manila on October
22. Two companies of the regiment which
have been recruited in Vancouver have
been ordered to await at Portland the go%
'' ing of the Thirty-ninth Infantry, under
Colonel Bullard, but the remaining ten
companies will come to San Francisco and
leave from here. The Thirty-eighth,
under Colonel Wallace, has been ordered
to leave Jefferson Barracks, St. Louis, on
the 2"ih Inst., and the Forty-fourth, under
Colonel McClennand, has been ordered to
proceed to this city on October 25. The
Forty-fourth is being recruited at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas'.
Two cases of diphtheria have developed
in the Twenty-eighth. They were sent to
the general hospital yesterday and were
isolated.
Major Blair D. Taylor, surgeon, U. S.
A., has been ordered to the Hawaiian Isl
ands to take the place of Major Marshall
W. Wood, surgeon, U. S. A., who has
been in charge of the medical department
there. Major Taylor is now on his 'way
out here from the East. Colonel Green
leaf, who was to have proceeded to the
camps in the Hawaiian Islands on his
tour of inspection, has been ordered to
Manila. He will probably sail on the
Hancock, the next transport to leave this
port. - --, . .
Under orders from Washington the fol
lowing female nurses will prepare for ser
vice in the Philippines: Miss Julia Woods,
Miss Edith Rutley. Miss Sibbie Wilson,
Miss Jeanette McDonald, Miss Mary Ly
ons, Miss Lulu Durkee. .Miss Mary Bar
clay and Miss Marcella Doyle. These
nurses will leave for Manila on the first
transport that sails. The service in Manila
is considered most desirable by the fe
male nurses doing duty at the general
hospital at the Presidio, and all those or
dered out to the Islands are rejoicing over
their assignment. They will be put on
duty in the various hospitals in Manila
and its environs, but they will not be as
signed to field duty.
Captain Clarke of Company H. William
J. Watson of Company D and Lieutenant
Colin Hall of Company X of the Kansas
regiment, having been discharged from
the hospital, have rejoined theircommand.
Lieutenant Albert H. Crouse. who has
been in command of Company H, in place
of Captain Clarke, has been assigned to
Company E.
Solomon Mullins and Edward Tomlln of
Company M of the Thirty-first Infantry
have returned to duty. Both men have
been held in detention at the smallpox
camp at the Presido. The Thirty-first
regiment will be released from quarantine
to-day, the time for their detention since
the last case appearing in the regiment
having expired.
General Funston called upon General
Shafter yesterday morning to pay his re
spects. Governor Stanley of Kansas also
called, and was afterward escorted to the
Presidio by Captain Greene, signal officer
on General Shafter's staff, where he was
shown all there was to be seen. He was
given a salute of nineteen guns fired by
the light battery of the Third Artillery.
General Shafter has received a dispatch
from General Otis, requesting that the
families of officers serving in the Philip
pines be induced to stay at home. "There
is no place in the Philippines for the
wives and children of officers," says the
telegram, and hereafter it is probable that
no more of them will be allowed to go out
there at the Government's expense. If they
wish to go there themselves on their own
account It is another matter, but the Gov
ernment will not be responsible for their
transportation or their quarters in the
islands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon NevlH M.
Garrett, having returned from the islands
and having been relieved as attending \
surgeon on the transport Pennsylvania, f
has been ordered to report for duty at the i
general hospital at the Presidio.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George S.
Pitcher has been ordered to proceed to
New York for the annulment of his con
tract.
If you know a man to be a liar you
can trade horses with him understand
ing^. ■
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
TUESDAY'S
STUDIES,
COMMENCING TUESDAY,
OCTOBER 17.
—^— — — — — — — \
THE WORLD'S
GREAT ARTISTS
This is a series of studies of great artists.
This series will include the following:
1. Titian 8. Frans Hals
2. Correggio 9. Gainsborough
3. Donatello 10. Constable
4. Velasquez ll.SirThomas Lawrence
5. Durer 12. Sir Edwin Landseer
6. Hans Holbein 13. Meissonier
7. Van Dyke 14. Gilbert Stuart
The contributors to these studies will in-
clude the following distinguished writers :
John C. Van Dyke, L. H. D., Russell Sturgis, Ph. D., F.A I.A.
Professor of the History of Art, Art Critic for the New York Times.
Rutgers College ; Lecturer on Art
at Columbia, Harvard and Prince- A. I. FrOthingham Jr., Ph. D.,
ton Universities. Professor of Art, Princeton Uni-
Arthur Hoeber, vers,ty '
Art, Critic of the New York Com- Frank Fowler,
mercial Advertiser. Portrait Painter, New York City.
The contributors to this course are the
most widely known writers on art in the United
States. The studies will be generously illus-
trated with portraits of artists and copies of
famous pictures.
SEND FOR 32-PAGE BOOKLET. ADDRESS
MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CALL BUILDING, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
j Our Suits :r^w^ls§ \
| Will Stand «aI |
' I Inspection M^i |
: All the gar- \s£aQ \ f-.^G* }
• ments we rnaks •'••'•:-:. \\ r ■"••.''.} !
: will stand the .' lv 1 .-.-. !
5 closest Inspection. . [V I *• i
| We use first- (]gJbl JJ \y» ]
i class linings and l//f/* / / , <>/Vjpl/ J i
■ strong thread jjL P ..111* y '
\ work in all iur //7| MI) A-' __^^ •
r ult9 - ri^>^HE
• They are perfect I X___r ■*■___, ll rtO 5
:in -workmanship IfllLVTt ;
] and fit correctly— .-: , ' !
1 giving you a styl- !
j ir^a SoVtable »M»*"« - **»* j
j feeling. ZO&I" Mo^o^ry
j We make suits , ft / 1 L •„?*", F If no, C . 0 ' 5
■ for 25 per cent less lOl « l n^s, Wnstoa St - I
: money than other MB°^sSf-sprt« «__
: tailors 14S Scut " Spring Bt.. I
5 lauors. Lob Angeles. f
] _J
i visit DR- JORDAN'S great J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY)
# £%) 1051 1USEE? ST. tot. 6i47ti, B.F.&L i
T Cf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the %
m . —jm-—~ World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
• EflH d.sease pr»itl»»-l7c™r«)d by the oldest W
¥ ie? Ml Specialist cb the Coast. Est. 36 year;- 9
4 fl§g4 CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ f (JsPiß Consultation free and strictly private. V
_§ i YSV_t fl " " llm nl personally or by letter. A A
\ I I Tl V *'" v * Cwr«ln es-ery case undertakers. W
AF I HA Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f A
¥' I 1~ MARRIAGE. MAILED FRfiß. (AT
_■ Cl _■ v al-.iable book for men J _
I 9 OR. JOBDAXAt'O, 1051 Market St.. 8. F. f
THE WEEKLY CALL.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
• Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS" c'
(cloth bound, Sxll). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than J".
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVE IR FUND
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
.--/.-■ 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. ls inserted as
our Contribution.
"DOTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
D It U OklmlimJ «■. bootblacks. . th -
bouses. . billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper.
dangers, printers painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
£lsOi v ™ s
r-^r-io.hDiv **.^J? y FRENCH*.
YITAUS 20lhV *'- £~ IprurnY
I'KODITES THE ABOTK 30th Day. IIL-_nl-.I>)l.l
RESULTS, It quickly a surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
Rightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cure* when all others fail. Insist on having VITAL!
no other. Can be earned in the vest pocket. By mail *1.00
per package or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALVMET CURE CO.. BS4 Dearborn St., Cliicag*
Sold by Owl Drug? Co., S. F. and Oakland.
NOTICE !
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. |
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
! SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
366» of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
! of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
: cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
( sessments," containing the assessments upon
i the property of each of the following named
: associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalisation for the year 1899,
to-wit:
! . California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company.
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company. Nevada County Narrow-Gauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company. Nevada-Callfornla-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company. Pacific Coast Railway Company;
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company.
Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway-
Company, San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
: The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the las*
Monday ln November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at tha
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
j be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday In January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof. - „- '
I E. P. COLGAN, State Controller.
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat futures declined. Barley steady, but quiet.
Oats firm and selling well, with an advance in black.
Corn and Rye continue firm at previous prices.
Hay doing better, zvith an advance in the upper grades.
Feedstuff firm, but unchanged.
Beans still advance, with a sharp speculative demand.
Slight changes in Potatoes and Onions.
General advance in fresh and packed Butter.
Ranch Eggs again advanced. Cheese steady.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry on the market.
Game in better condition and bringing steep figures.
Another marked advance in Wine Grapes.
Hams, Bacon and Lard ride firm.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Cement high and in quick demand.
Dried Fruit market in New York- reported much better.
Charters.
The Planter and S. N. Castle load mdse for
Honolulu.
The film Branch loads lumber at Moodyville
tor Tientsin; Fa veil, salmon on the Frazer
River for Liverpool or London, 86s 3d.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"The upward tendency in all varieties of dried I
fruits continues, and prices are on the verge of j
an advance in a number of prominent lines. De
mand and inquiry are both much heavier, and
brokers and commission men are corresponding
ly jubilant. Even though business ha* seemed
exceedingly dull for me weeks, as a matter
of fact the fall demand has begun much
earlier than usual in some lines. This is due
to the fact that the market ie virtually bare of
some sorts, and buyers are compelled to go into
the market early to supply their customers.
"There is a fairly liberal movement in new
loose Muscatel raisins for consumptive pur
poses. Trading for the past few days has been
active, and some of the large sales reported in
process of negotiation are said to have been
consummated, but that statement cannot be
wholly confirmed. Sultanas are doing better,
and Valencias are moving out at good prices.
"Prunes tend upward, particularly the small
sizes, which are nearly unobtainable. Buyers
pay a premium for all small-sized prunes they
get. and 90s. 80s and 70s an. scarce in all posi
tions. Up to 3".< cis offered in some cases for the
four sizes in bags '.. >. b., while the three sizes
are held firmly at 3c. Demand ls increasing
and movement is much heavier.
"Peaches are firm, and the prices tend up
ward .ii all sizes and grades. Heavy specula
tive buying, removing perhaps 300 cars from the
regular channels of distribution, has had a
hardening effect on the market, and some
grades have gone up with a Jump. None are to .
be had below quotations, and many profess to j
think that further advances will be made \
shortly.
"Apricots, the shortest crop of all the dried
fruits, are firm and fending upward. Buyers
are iking more inquiry, but actual I transac
tions of any considerable size are not known."
T. . '' -.r, '
Money in Circulation.
According to a Treasury statement the money
•in circulation In the United States on the Ist
of October was as follows:
Gold coin $646,661,185
Silver dollars 68,755,243
Small silver 74.045,762
Gold certificates 98,673,559
Silver certificates 400,153,881
Treasury notes 89.957,175
United States notes 314.954.60'>
Currency certificates 15,870,000
National bank notes 239,731,781
Total $1,948,703,186
In 1898 „ -. 1.816,596,392
■
Increase .~. $132,106,794
Our Receipts and Expenses.
For the first three months of the fiscal year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
IS9S. • 1899.
Customs $4 ; . iT J64 $56,638,509
Internal revenue 71.741,921 76,924,206
Miscellaneous 5,487.012 9,803,861
Totals $125,407,887 $143,366,576
The disbursements for the same period com
pare as follows:
1898. 1899.
Civil 826.237,666 $27,654,512
War M.550.764 44,813,985
Navy 22.131.777 14.426, 064
Indians 2.598.463 2.546.996
Pensions 36.650.300 37,090.677
Interest 12.519,144 13,130,541
Totals $184,748,114 $139,662,775
Weather Report.
-..-.-.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 12, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 52 San Diego 68
Fresno 60 Sacramento 54
Los Angeles 64 1 Independence 54
Red Bluff 58 Yuma 74
San Luis Obispo 64
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 48; mean. 52
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unsettled weather prevails over the south
western portion of the country. An area of
high pressure overlies the Rocky Mountain re
gion from Central Idaho northward. The
pressure is rising steadily over Montana, Idaho
ajid Washington.
Snow has fallen generally In the Rocky
Mountains and in the Sierras. Rain ls re
ported from nearly all Of California. The tem
perature contiues low In Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 13. 1899:
For Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather, with occasional showers Friday:
brisk southeasterly, changing to northeasterly
winds. - 1 .
For Southern California— Cloudy Friday, with
occasional light showers; southerly, changing
to westerly wind.
For Nevada— Snow Friday; continued cold
weather.
For Utah— Snow Friday.
For Arizona Showers Friday; warmer in
western portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity Unsettled
weather, with occasional showers: southeast
erly, changing to northeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— stock market
made a couple of feeble and futile efforts to
advance this morning. The lethargy of the
trading was an invitation to bear aggression
and when a determined leadership developed
for that faction the professional element among
the traders was quick to follow the lead. A
single block of St. Paul of 6500 shares was
quickly followed by another of 4000 shares, of
fered by brokers who are usually employed
by the acknowledged bear leaders. Selling
generally all around the room was the se
quence. The two large blocks of St. Paul
went at 124%, ar.d the price had fallen to
123 Vi in a few minutes. The grangers. New
York Central, Cleveland, Cincinnati. Chicago
and St. Louie and the leading high-priced spec
ialties were the principal sufferers. Brooklyn
Transit was under conspicuous pressure and
dropped to 85%. Pullman made a brilliant ad
vance of 8% points on rumors of the coming
absorption of the leading competitor, which
were denied later. This was an Isolated In
stance of positive strength. Louisville was
the leader of the abortive advance and was
rather firm after having the advance wiped
out. Otherwise the heaviness was quite uni
form. The developments ln South Africa had
very little effect on the market. Call money
worked a shade easier and did not touch
higher than 7 per cent. What with last Sat
urday's receipts of gold from Europe and some
small accretions of the precious metal from
other sources and the relaxed pressure by the
sub-treasury, added to the further contraction
of loans which has been made, a more favor
able showing is expected from the New York
banks ln the Saturday statement. But the
general outlook ln the money . market Is con
sidered . anything but favorable. The violent
upward movement of half a cent In the pound
sterling rate both for actual and posted rates
is regarded as an admonition that an easing
of the money rate here ls likely to lead to
a demand from London for gold.
It ls exceedingly significant that the Bank
of England parted with some $165,000 ln gold
to-day for shipment to Paris, which city has
been looked to from all points as the avail
able source for relief for the need of gold.
A financial upset in Italy had a disturbing
effect In all the European money markets.
The sharp upward movement here not only
ln sterling exchange but also ln French ex
change suggests a coming pressure on this
center.
The bond market was moderately light and
shows generally decline. Total sales, par
value. $1,650,000.
United States 2s advanced % and the new
4s (registered) declined % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. r .
Shares ' Closing
sold. Stocks— Rid.
2.6C0 Atchison 20%
19,720 Atchison prefd «2%
860 Baltimore and Ohio 49%
-- Canadian Pacific 91
Canada Southern 52
416 Central Pacific 67%
825 Chesapeake and Ohio 25%
1,100 Chicago Great Western 14
18,995 Chicago, Bur and Quincy 129%
300 Chicago, Ind and Louis 11%
200 Chicago, Ind and Louis prefd 43
200 Chicago and East Illinois 96%
£00 Chicago and Northwestern 165
8.050 Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific. . ill"* .
4,500 C C C and St Louis 67%
3.920 Colorado Southern 5 I
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 44 .
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15?*
700 Delaware and Hudson 121%
1.600 Delaware. Lackawana & Western.. lß7%
700 Denver and Rio Grande 20% :
Denver and Rio Grande prefd...: 73%
100 Erie 13%
Erie first prefd 35%
Great Northern prefd 163%
200 Hocking Coal 17%
Hocking Valley 30
675 Illinois Central 112%
lowa Central 13
100 lowa Cenrtal prefd 66 |
600 Kane City, Pitts and Gulf." 8%
1-ake Erie and Western 18
Lake Erie and Western prefd... 79
....;.. Lake Shore 200
17.150 Louisville and Nashville 81%
5.345 Manhattan L 107
, --' Metropolitan Street Railway 194
Mexican Central 14 I
Minn and St Louis 70 I
Minn and St Louis prefd 94% ;
6,000 Missouri Pacific 43', j
Mobile and Ohio 44
Missouri. Kans and Texas 12%
I.' 0 Missouri. Kans and Texas prefd... 37%
100 New Jersey Central 118%
2.800 New Tork Central 133%
1.250 Norfolk and Western 24%
520 Norfolk and Western prefd 68%
2.200 Northern Pacific 5114
650 Northern Pacific prefd 74
656 Ontario and Western 24%
Oregon Railway and Nay 42 !
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd 76
3,120 Pennsylvania ; 130%
520 Reading-'. 20U
3.622 Reading Ist prefd 57%
Reading 2nd prefd ' 81%
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd SI
St Louis and San Fran 10%
St Louie and San Fran Ist prefd.... 69
200 St Louis and San Fran 2nd prefd 85%
1.100 St Louis, Southwestern 13"
1.600 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 32%
35,350 St Paul 123%
St Paul prefd 169% I
St Paul and Omaha 116%
15,550 Southern Pacific 36%
350 Southern Railway i;-
--8,200 Southern Railway prefd 51%
600 Texas and Paclflc is%
4,300 Union Pacific 43'
4,788 Union Pacific prefd 75
Wabash 714
1,580 Wabash prefd 21%
600 Wheeling and L E 11%
8.226 Wheeling and L E 2nd prefd 30
Wisconsin Central 17
P C C & St Louis 73
Express Companies
Adams 113
American 147
United States 51
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous -
FOO American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
100 American Malting 13%
ESS American Malting prefd 59
692 American Smelting & Rfg 37
660 American Smelting & Rfg prefd... 87%
286 American Spirits 3
American Spirits prefd 20
1,000 American Steel Hoop 43
350 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
7,575 American Steel & Wire 52%
986 American Steel & Wire prefd 95%
572 American Tin Plate 37%
850 American Tin Plate prefd 85%
10,200 American Tobacco 120%
American Tobacco prefd 145%
3.240 Anaconda Mining Co 48 i
58,835 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 86% '
1,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54%
2,830 continental Tobacco 41%
830 Continental Tobacco prefd 92%
9,075 Federal Steel 5414
520 Federal Steel prefd '. 7714 j
1,205 General Electric >. 11714
475 Glucose Sugar .61%
200 Glucose Sugar prefd 108%
640 International Paper — 25% I
49S International Paper prefd '.'.'.'.'.'. 70 I
650 Laclede Gas " 551/
National Biscuit '..'.'.'.' 43' I
National Biscuit prefd 96*4 I
200 National Lead \\\\ 30
.National Lead prefd iiOU
M 0 National Steel "" El i?
513 National Steel prefd 95
495 New York Air Brake .....145
100 North American ' " j2«
250 Paclflc Coast '.'."" 47?
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ~ 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd " " _ : ,!y,
1.750 Pacific Mail "" »«/
5,840 People's Gas "109 ! '4
460 Pressed Steel Car .'.'.'" 57 '
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd '.'.'. 89%
3,782 Pullman Palace Car .197
Standard Rope & Twine " 6%
19,975 Sugar .'.'.'.141%
Sugar prefd 115%
2.675 Tennessee Coal & Iron 114% I
13,240 United States Leather 1474
4,960 United States Leather prefd ..... 77'
United States Rubber _. 47%!
550 United States Rubber prefd 114%
180 Western Union 8714
220 Republic Iron & Steel 20%
525 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71 I
346,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 69
U « 3s reg 107% M X A T 4s 92
U S 3s cupon 108% N V Cent lsts 111%
U 8 new 4s reg.. .129% N J Cent gen 55. ..119
U 8 new 4s c0up.. 129% Carolina 6s 127
U B oil. 4s reg ...11l N Carolina 4s 104
U B old 4s c0up.. .112 N Pacific lsts 113
U 8 f>s reg 111% N Pacific 8s C
U S 5s coupon.... 111% N Pacific 4s 101%
Dstof C 3.65s 117 N YCft St L 45.. 104
Alabama class A.. 110 IN & W con 45.... 91%
Alabama class 8..110 < N & W gen 65.... 135
Alabama class C..103 Or Nay lsts 115
Alabama Currency. 100 Or Nay 4s .-...103%
Atchison general.. 97% Or Short Line 65.. 127
Atchison adj 45... 86% Or S L con 55.... 114
Canada So 2d5....10S Reading Gen 45...! 86
9*"* A Ohio 4^s.. 96% R G W lsts 86%
S _*» -r,9 hl ° 65. --HS% S L A I M con 65.10H%
9. & ™CS? con 75. .145 S L & S F G 65..124
Si.* NWSFdebss..los% St Paul cons 169
Chicago Term 45.. 98 St P C ft P 1et5.. .120
2 i^^-rP 15t5. ...103 St P C A P 55... .120V4
DAR G4s 99 So Railway 6s 108%
F. TennVaAGlsta.. lo3%, Stand R A T 65... 81
Erie General 4s — 70% Term new set 35... 94
V W A D C lsts... 77% Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114 ■
Gen Electric 55.... Tex ft Pas 2d5..... 56
G II ft S A 65... .108 Union Pacific 45. .103%
G H & s A 2d5...108 Wabash lsts 115%
H A T C ss. 110% Wabash 2ds 100 "
H ft T C con 65. ..108 West Shore 4s 112
lowa Central 15t5. .113 Wis Cent 15t5...... 76
X C P A G lsts... 70% Va Centuries 86%
La. new cons 45. ..106 |Va Deferred 6
L ft N uni 4a..... 99% Colo ft So 4s 85
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
MINING STOCKS, i I
i Chollar 37 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 151 Ophir 84
i Con Cal & Va 1 65; Plymouth OS
Deadwood 71 (Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 33 1 Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross... 35 Sierra Nevada 67
Homestake fir. 00 Standard i 3 05
Iron Silver (Union Con 35
; Mexican 27) Yellow Jacket 28 :
BOSTON STOCKS AND ; BONDS.
' Money — .Union Band 5%
I Call loans s@6lWest End 94
i Time loans 5@6 Do prefd 115
Stocks— jWestnghs Elec pfd 48
I Atch T & St Fe.... 20%| Bonds—:'
Do prefd 62% Atchison 4s. 97%
Amer Sugar 141"il Mining Shares-
Do prefd f.,.117 (Adventure 6%
Ball Tele 372 Allouez Mm C 0.... 5
i Boston & Albany. .249 'Atlantic 27%
; Boston Ele 107% (Boston & Mont 355 ■
; Boston & Maine.. .l 99 Butte & Bout 0n.... 75
: Chi B & Q 129% Calumet & Hec1a..770
Ed Elec 111 208 Centennial 31
Fltchburg prefd. ..l2o Franklin 17%
' Gen Electric 117%'Humbol(.t 1%
I Do prefd 139 Osceola 84
Federal Steel. 54 Parrot 45%
Do prefd 78 Quincy 155
Mexican Central... 13«4 :St Fe Copper 12
Old Colony 205 Tamarack 220
Old Dominion 31 Winona '9
Rubber 47 Wolverines 40%
Union Pacific 42% Utah 8»H ,
New York Money Market.
. -* •■■-:.-'
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— Money on call, steady,
at 2©7 per cent: last loan, 2 per rent; prime
mercantile paper, sV_!g6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, strong, with actual business in bank
ers - bills at $4 86*;<5'4 87 for demand and at
$4 vji.,., 82% for CO days; posted rates. $4 83%
and M 87%; commercial bills. $4 SI^JH 81%; sil
ver certificates, 58©59 c; bar silver. 58c; Mexi
can dollars. 47c. Government bonds Irregular;
State bonds strong; railroad bonds weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 8287,188,916; gold reserve,
$258,801,565.
London Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened dull, but recovered
during the forenoon on easier money. They
were further stimulated by persistent ru
mors that the Portuguese Government has
come to an agreement with Great Britain for
the use by the latter of Delagoa Bay. There
was good home and foreign buying. Portu
guese threes closed good. Consols were 103"-.®
103%.
•Vmerisan securities opened lower, owing to
the relapse in New York, but they revived
in Bympathy with the other markets. Later
New" York was the chief buyer in this de
partment. Closing prices were' Just under
those of yesterday's close. Louisville and
Nashville was the chief feature.
The Bank of England return was regarded
as rather unfavorable, but It had no effect on
money rates, which, as mentioned,; were
easier to-day. The bank further replenished
its store of gold to-day by purchasing £142,000
in bars and £33,000 in French coin.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 12.— Canadian Paclflc. 94;
Union Pacific preferred, 7-; Northern Pacific
preferred 76%; Atchison. 21%; Grand Trunk.
74; Anaconda, 10%; bar silver, 26% d; money, 3
per cent. _ ,', -■'
BOMBAY, Oct. 12.— The rate of discount of
the Bank of Bombay has been raised from 6 to
7 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
I NEW YORK. Oct. 12— FLOUR -Receipts.
' 30,189; exports, 7643. Opened steady and ruled
lower on lower grades, medium and higher
grades comparatively easier; closed firm.
WHEAT— Receipts. 136.900; exports, 201,309.
i Spot easy: No. 2. 77% cf. o. b. afloat spot; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 80% c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive new; No. 1 hard Duluth, 82% c to arrive;
No. 2, 75c elevator. Options opened steady and
%c lower under disappointing cables and lack
of outside speculation. Later the loss was partly
recovered on promised export buying, but
liquidation again developed under unsatisfac
-1 tory late cables and prices eased "ft The mar
ket" again rallied on active buying by St. Louis
shorts, after which prices again eased off
under disappointing export business an I closed
easy at %®W net lower. March. SO a _<f?So%c,
closed So%c: May, , pßo%c, closed SOY-ie; De
cember, ~<h7i 9-16 c, closed %c.
-Steady; Pacific Coast and ,£tate, 1899
crop, 12fil5c.
; HIDES—
' WOOL— Texas. 14-0 17c.
METALS— Business In metals dragged heavily
'■ all day, with the market finally very dull and
I nominal. News from the usual sources of in
formation failed to note change' of importance
'■■ abroad or at home. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull and nominal at
; $18.
LAKE COPPER— Very' dull and nominal at
$18 51 .
I TlN— Quiet, with $32 bid and $32 25 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 45 bid and $5 55
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper 818 37%.
COFFEE— Option* closed steady. 6010 points
lower. Sales. 10,500 bags, Including: Novem
ber. $4 55; March, $4 95rf?5; May, $5 054.5 15; July,
86 20; August, $5 2«.'<u. 25; September. $5 80. Spot
Coffee— Rio', steady to firm; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, generally steady, but quiet,
Refined— Steady. t„. ■„
BUTTER— Receipts, 8680 packages; steady:
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery, 19@
22c: factory. 14@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 8261 packages; weak; West
ern ungraded at mark, 15<fjl9c.
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
NEW TOFK, Oct. 12.— California dried fruits
quiet, but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES- Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, 7%@8%c; choice, 8§409c; fancy,
9@9%c.
PRUNES— 3%
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 12®13%c; Moorpark, 14®
16c. iio '
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7%@9c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— An absence of the war
spirit that dominated the Liverpool market
yesterday put Wheat traders. here In a bear
ish mood at the start. December opened %0
%c lower at 72%©72% c and during the first
half of the session sold off to 72%@72%c. The
decline was marked by a good deal of irregu
, larity, however, as short sellers were . very
I cautious, but scalpers seldom Jailed to ac
cept l-16c profit if the market went that much
ir. their favor and then halted a second.
Finally when the market got down to put
prices the bulls picked up a little courage and
I succeeded in forcing an upturn, December ad
vancing to 73% c. Good outsie'e buying and
j heavy clearances at the seaboard helped the
; advance. The improvement vis short-lived
: as the selling was of sufficient Volume to sat
isfy all and the price elld back to 7"% c, where
I It closed. .-".,-'-
Corn declined early under heavy liquidation.
Buying by elevator Interests caused a | tern l
porary recovery, but in the afternoon the mar
ket sagged and was heavy at the close. De
cember closed at 31% c.
Oats were fairly active and firm. ; An ex
cellent cash demand and good country de
mand strengthened the market. December
closed with sellers at 23%®23%e.
Provisions ruled heavy and declined under
free liquidation by packers and commission
houses. There was recovery from the bottom
in sympathy with the grain tally. January
Pork closed 2%c lower; January Lard 2'^gsc
lower, and January Ribs 6c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
October 70% 71% 70% 70%
December 72% 73% 72% 72%
May . 76 76% 76% 76%
Corn No. 2—
October 32 32% 31% 32%
December 31% 31% 31% 31%
May 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
December 23% 23% 23% 23%
May 24% 25 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December .....8 22% 8 22% 8 07% 810
January 9 62%. 9 62% 9 52% 8 57%
Lard, per 100 lbe—
December 5 37% 6 37% 530 635
January 5 60 5 60 6 45 6 47%.
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' I
December 490 490 i 4 87% 490
January 500 6 02% 4 97% 00
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 72@72%c; No. 3
Spring Wheat. 65<g72c; No. 2 Red, 72^.073%c-
No. 2 Corn. 32%@33c; No. 2 Oafs, 23% c; No. 2
White. 26c: No. 3 White. 25Vic; No. 2 Rye 56©
56% c; No. 2 Barley, 3S\_ff?43c; No. 1 Flax Seed,
$1 20; Northwestern, $1 20; Prime Timothy Seed
$2 35; Mess Pork, per bbl, $B@B 05; Lard per
100 lbs, $3 30©5 47%; Short-rib- Sides (loose),
»4 85@5 20; Dry Salted . Shoulders (boxed), 6H(3i
6Vic; Short Clear Sides (boxed). 85 55@5 65;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, 11 21
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barre15.........."........ 21,000* 15,000
Wheat, bushels 235,000 8.000
Corn, bushels.... 596,500 479,000
Oats, bushels..... 367,000 327.000
Rye. bushels.... 18.000 - 7,000
Barley, bushels ...-. 121,000 29,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 15@23c: dairy, 13%
019 c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 16% c. Cheese, firm;
creams, ll%@l2"ic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 2% 6 3%
{ Closing 6 1% 6 2% 6 2%
f; PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
'Opening is 95 1973
Closing 18 85 '19 75
Flour '• :,>';>:
Opening -. v 75 25 SO
Closing 24 70 25 80
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay,
Ssc@sl 15 single crates, $1 70@>2 16 double;
White Tokay, 95c; Cornichon, $1 20@1 90.
Prunes— ltalian, Jl 24@1 30 single crates.
CHICAGO, Oct. 12.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays,
95c@Jl 16 half crate, $1 75® 2 25 double crates;
Cornichon. $1 20@1 40; Emperor, 60@90c. Pears—
Barrys, $2 box; Glout Morceau, ?2 05. Peaches—
Sal ways. $1 60 box.
Earl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes— Tokays,
80cQ$l 40 single crates; Muscat, $1 31@1 8"i.
Pears— Doyenne, JI 45®1 50 box; Clalrgeau,
$1 65@1 90- Eastern Beurre. $1 50. Plums— Coes.
late red, Jl@l 05 single crates. Prunes— ltalian,
75c(gjl single crates; Silver, 95c@$l 10.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 12.— CATTLE— moderate
supply of cattle to-day found ready outlet and
prices ruled steady. Good to fancy cattle
brought $5 8007; common to medium steers, $4 50
05 75; stockers and feeders, $2 3004 75; cows and
bulls, $2 5004 30; rangers, $3 1505 10; Texans,
$3 4004 30; calves, $4-57.
HOGS— many hogs caused a ragged
break in , values. The bulk of sales were at
10c decline. Fair to prime lots sold at $4 27%©
4 65; heavy packers, $3 90@4 25; common to
choice mixed, $4 2504 65; butchers, $4 8004 70;
good to common lightweights, $4 3G<§4 72%;
pigs. $3 900-4 60. •_-_
SHEEP— A falling in receipts checked the
decline in sheep and lambs and prices ruled
steady. Poor to prime sheep brought $1 5004;
feeders sold at $3 30®S 55, and Western rang
ers at $3 £3 90; interior to choice lambs, $3 250
5 30.
Estimated receipts— Cattle, 8000; hogs, 26,000;
sheep, small.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Consols, 103%; silver,
26% d; French rentes, lOOf 52% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 3d; English country mar
kets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 12.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON -Uplands, 3 15-lfid.
CLOSING.
American mixed, 3s 10% d, firm. Fu
tures—October, steady, 3s lOd; November, quiet,
_.- 9%d; December, quiet, 3s 9%d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. Futures, steady: De
cember, 6s l%d; March, 6s 2%d; May, 6s 2%d.
Wool Sales at Antwerp.
ANTWERP, Oct. 12.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales here to-day numbered 2SOO
bales and were entirely Buenos Ay res. The
tone was strong and the demand good for good
wools, except Inferior, which were Irregular
ln tone and in buyers' favor.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 12.— Exchanges, $307,
--396; balances, $65,813.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 12.— Wheat— Receipts
continue large and there Is enough wheat on
the dock and In the yards to load every ship
in port and still leave some for those which
are due. Fifty-nine cents was given out as
the top for Walla Walla wheat, with some of
the dealers out of the market at anything above
6Sc. Valley was neglected at 59c for the aver
age run of No. 1 stock. Bluestem is nominally
81062 c. ;.-..,,__,.,
Cleared: British steamer Queen Adelaide for
Hongkong and way ports. 24.790 barrels flour;
British bark Bermuda for Queenstown, with
146,663 bushels wheat: British bark Powys Cas
tle, Port Natal, South Africa, with 23,795 bar
rels flour. 1 i"r.'' '-'•-■
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 12.— Foreign wheat
shipments from Portland for the week ending
to-day were 450.331 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 12.— Wheat was steady
to-day. with light receipts. Growers are hold
ing off. Bottoms are scarce. Export quota
tions: Club, 59c; blue stem. 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — I 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 48
Fine Silver, per ounce ;~= ,; M
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures declined in sympathy with
Chicago. There was no change in spot quota
tions.
Chicago opened easier, with a local disposition
to sell on Indifferent cables, though there was
good commission buying. Subsequently the
market hardened, and St. Louis and the short
seller! bought freely after early sales. The
' Cincinnati Price Current was rather bullish,
but the crowd was bearish and short, and St.
Louis broke sharply.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 08%©1 10; milling,
$1 12%©1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December—
8000 ctls. $1 13%. May— 2ooo. $1 18%.
Second Session.. December.. 2ooo ctls. $1 13%;
May— 2ooo ctls. $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$118%: 4000, $118%; 2000, $1 18%. December..
2000. $1 13%.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, $1 18%. De
cember. 4000. $1 13%,; 2000, $1 13.
BARLEY— There"~-was no change worthy of
note, the market being dull all around.
Feed, 80@86%c; Brewing, 90®97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning December— 4ooo
ctls, 87% c; 2000. 88c.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, 88c.
OATS— Black are quoted higher, but the other
descriptions are unchanged. There is a fair de
mand and the general market le firm. White,
$1 06401 26: Red, $101 15; Gray, $1 07%@1 15;
Black, 95cfq$l 05.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $1 0501 10;
White, $1 0501 10; mixed, $1 02%®1 07% per ctl.
92%097%C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 2503 40 for bakers, and $2 2503 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25103 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65®6 95; ln sacks. $6 334T6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay seems to be working around into better
shape, particularly for the upper grades. Choice
Wheat is scarce and eagerly called for, and sell
ers are getting an advance for this description
as well as for choice oat and wheat and oat.
The lower grades are still dull, Alfalfa especial
ly. Feedstuff continue firm.
BRAN— sl7Oxl7 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- -$184,20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18{<f IS 50 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26627; jobbing.
$27 50f28; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 f.fKf. 24 60; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$161.16 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
Wheat. $7@B 60 for common to good
and $9 255T9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6 50
©9; Oat, $6 50(38 50; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley,
$s@fi; Alfalfa, Js@6 50 per ton; Compressed,
JS 50@9. . :.-">. -r, -: -•;-■
--STRAW—2S@SSc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The advance in Beans continues under a
sharp speculative demand. . ' V
BEANS— $2 10©2 15; small white. $2 40
@2 50; large white, J2@2 05; Pjnks, J190@2;
Reds. $3 50®3 75; Blackeye, $3 40@3 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, J4 50; Pea, J2 35@2 50; Red Kid
neys, $2 26(32 40 per ctl.
SEEDS Brown Mustard, 2%(33c; -Yellow
Mustard, 3%@4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V><33c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy. 4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— JI 35@1 50; Green, JI 75
@1 S5 per ctl. ''>:■.-*
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions continue weak at a further slight de
cline. Potatoes show a few narrow changes.
Vegetables remain about as before.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60® 65c; Early Rose,
40(550c; Burbanks, Eo@7oc per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, 90c®$l 10; Oregon Burbanks, 70@SOc;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l for Rivera and JI 15®
1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— SO@6Oc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®4c per lb;
Srting Beans. 2(53'/.c; Lima Beans, 3(34%c;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 20340 c; Egg Plant,
35®50c; Green Okra, .50c!a$l per box; Dried
Okra, 12V»c per lb; Garlic. 2®3c: Green Pep
pers, 40"375 c per box: Carrots. 30(340c per sack;
Cucumbers, 35®50c; Pickles, $1 50 per ctl for No.
1 and 50c for No. 2: Summer Squash, 35@50c;
Marrowfat Squash, $6<3S per ton^_Green Corn,
Jl@l 25 per crate and 35375 c per sack.
Poultry and Game.
There were several cars of Eastern on the
market, and local stock ruled dull ln conse
quence, though receipts were not very large. .
Game arrived in much better pondltion, owing
to the cooler weather, and brought higher
priceß.
I'OULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14@16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, lo®
17c; Geese, per pair, JI 75(32: Goslings, JI 75@2;
Ducks, $4®5 for old and $4 60(Q6 for young;
Hens $4 50(35 80; Young Roosters. $4 50®5 50;
Old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $3 50©4; Broilers,
$3 2533 50 for large, $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 2501 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@1 75 for
Squabs. •;-•-.':-
GAME— Quail. $150f?2; Mallard. $539; Sprig.
$437: Teal $3®5; Widgeon, $2 50®3 50; Small
Duck, $233: Doves, 60c per dozen; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
small;' Gray Geese, $232 50; White, $125*3150;
Brant, $15002; English Snipe, $2 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The firmness ln the better grades of Butter
continues, though the lower grades are still
easy. Packed Butter has advanced all around,
being in sharp and continuous demand on local
retail and transport account. It is cleaning up
well and but little now remains in first hands.
Cheese is steady and unchanged.
Ranch Eggs have again gone up slightly and
are firm, with light spot stocks. Store Eggs,
however, are slow, as they come into competi
tion with Eastern.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 28® 29c; seconds,
250 27c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25®26c; good to choice, 23®
24c: store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22®24c; firkin, 2132214 c; creamery;
tub, 22'_324c.
Eastern. 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10®
10% c; Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern, 14®
15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 22%3 27'_ c for store and 35®
39c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 26@28c for
selected, 23®25c for No. 1 and , ?|22%c for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Another advance In Wine Grapes is noted.
Table Grapes remain about the same, though
there are more on the market.
Tree fruits remain about as previously
quoted.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35??50c per box for common and 60c@
$1 2.". for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $4^6 per chest;
Strawberries, $9010 per chest for small and $2
03 for large berries; Raspberries, ?4f(fi per
chest; Huckleberries, 508 c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, $6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cran
berries, 57 50(f?8. '•' ; 1
Grapes. 85050 c for Black. 40'!f50c for Muscat,
40-fi6oc for Tokay, 50065 c for Cornichon; crates
sell 10(ffl5c higher; Wine Grapes, $24026 per ton
for Zinfandel, 823024 for other black and $18022
for White. -. -•-•■>
Watermelons are about out.
Cantaloupes, $10175 per crate; Nutmegs, 400
6 c per box.
Pomegranates. 50@65c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $1 5001 75 per box; Winter
Pears, 50c@$l 25 per box.
Figs, 50c®$l per box for double layers of
black.
Teaches, 75c05l 15 per box.
Plums, 50c^?$l per box and crate.
Quinces. 25<876c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $102 for com
mon and $304 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $707 50; California Limes. $l(gl 25; Ba
nanas, $1 5002 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $10
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The demand, while not as keen as it has been,
is still good, and prices continue firm.
The New York market ls reported much bet
ter, as will be seen in another column.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 4%@5c for
40-50's 4%c for 50-60' 8, 3%c for 60-70's, 3%c
for 70-So's. 3<JT3%c for 80-90*8 and 2%(5-2%c for
90-100's: Apricots. lOSllc for Royals. H'glSc for
Moorparks and 12©12% c for Blenheims; Peaches.
s(§6c for Standards, 6%©7 c for choice and 7%@
8c for fancy; peeled Peaches, 11012 c; Evapo
rated Apples, fi-afi'.c; Sun-dried, 4@sc per lb;
Nectarines, 7%ffiSc per lb for red and 809 c for
white; Pears. 608 c for quarters and B@loc for
halves; Black Figs. 3@4c; White Figs, 6fi6%c;
Plums, e^^c for dark and 7?t7 , for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. ' Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6^c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
no-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels,-- 5%c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, B%c for standards and $%c
for softshell: Almonds, 10%®11%c for paper
shell. Stive for soft and 4®sc for hardshell;
Peanuts, 5%06%c for Eastern and 6c for Cali
fornia: Brazil Nuts, B%@9c: Filberts, ll@ll%c;
Pecans 7%08c; Cocoanuts, $4 5065.
HONEY -Comb, 11 '/_c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7%07%c;
light amber extracted, 6%07c; dark, sV_c per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams. Bacon and Lard rule firm, with a good
demand.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for heavy,
9%®10c for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13V.C for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear,
$16 50: mess, $15015 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels pure
8c; 10-lb tins, S%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%©7% c per lb.
Hides, Taliozv, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Wool is steady, Hops are dull and Hides are
firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll@ll%c; medium, 10'-_c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, 9%®10c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35(g60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, 4@4%c; refined, ; grease, 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%0
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8®10c; do
plains,. 7@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%©9 c; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive, 7%@10c per lb.
HOPS-Quoted at 10@l2c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations remain undisturbed. Supplies of
all descriptions are equal to the demand.
BEEF— 7@7%c . per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows. ••■••■_
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb. --f •
MUTTON — Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%®7c
per lb.
LAMB— Sifß%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%©6% c for small, 6%c for
medium and sVi@s%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders,, s\i @5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
- BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, ' 7@7%c; Wool,
Bags, 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags, • s^c, 6%c and
the three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Southfleld Wellington^ $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend
$7 50; Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 in sacks. . _ .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A —; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, %c
more; boxes, %c more; 50- lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes.
6%c per lb. ' ■'■■; ■.•.:":
CEMENT— The demand is sharp and high
prices rule. There are now three grades of
English and German Cement in the market,
which are quoted at J3 25, $3 60 and J3 75 per
barrel.
Receipts of Produce.
For Thursday, October 12.
Flour, qr sks 16,430 Sugar, sks 1,910
Wheat, ctls 9,890 Sugar, bbls 2,700
Barley, ctls 23,875 Pelts, bdls ........ 195
Oats, ctls 2,270 Hides, no 362
Butter, ctls 133 Hay, tons 602
Cheese, ctls ..... 235 Straw, tons 37
Tallow, ctls 220 Hops, bales 38
Corn, east %% %%% % Wool, bags 303
Beans, sks 5.001 -Eggs, doz 5.490
Potatoes, sks 7,488 Raisins, bxs 3,050
Onions, sks MS Quicksilver, flsks. 45
Middlings, sks.... 400 : Leather, rolls .... 154
Bran, sks 1-600] Wine, gals 30,200
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 18.358iBran. sks 2,645
Oats, ctls 500 Middlings, sks .. 100
| Potatoes, sks 4021
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quieter on the morning ses
sion. Giant Powder was firmer at JBl 50@S0 75
and Hana declined to Jl3 50.
Business continued quiet in the afternoon,
with a decline in Hana to $13.
Mining stocks were featureless and rather
weak than otherwise. The telegram from the
pump said: "At 6:30 this morning the water
was 85 feet 8 inches below the 1950-foot level
elation. No. 2 elevator has been running con
tinuously." . \ -•
The Overman delinquent sale takes place to
day.
The letter from the Justice mine for the past
week says: We are still at the work of lower
ing the grade of the old north drift to corre
spond with the level of our south drift leading
to the shaft. This work was advanced 16 feet
during the week. The rock In the bottom con
tinues very hard.
The annual meeting of the Comstock Tunnel
Company, owning the Sutro tunnel, was held
in New York on October 9, and the old board of
directors was re-elected, with Franklin Leon
ard as president: A. F. Cushman, vice presi
dent, and Franklin Leonard Jr., secretary and
treasurer.
STOCK- AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, October 12-2 p. m.
_.__.__ . Bid.Ask. i Bld.A-k.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 15%
is quar coup.. — — IO GL & H.... 48% — '
Is quar reg.... — — jp ac Gas Imp.. - 66
l« quar new... — 131%. Pac L C 0... .41 —
:s quar coup.. loS% - BF G & E.... 64 64%
Miscellaneous— San Fran - 3*
Cal-st Cab .116 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65... — 109% Insurance-
Ed L& P 65. 130 - Firem's Fund.22s —
F& Cl Ry 65.H5 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal ... 64 —
II C& S 5%5.106 — Bank of Ca1... 38314400
L A Ry 55....105^ — Cal SD & T.. 97*100
LAL Co 65.. 99 — Eirst Nationl.. — _•«..
Do gtnd 65.. 99 — ,Lon P & A.... — 135
, .° o ; d -- 55.. — — | Mer Exchange— id
LA& p R 5.-..103 — Nev Nat 8k...183%190
Mnrket-st fis.. 1281.129 \ Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.. 115% — Ger S & L... — 1750
NCN Gli 75. 112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal fis. ll4 — Mut Say Bk. — 4214
NR of Cal 55. 112% - is F Say U... 500 -
NPC R X fis. los 108 ;Sav & L So.. — 82%
NPC R R 55. 106% - Bee Say Bk.. - 310
N Cal R R 65. 11 l — Union T C 0.1400 1440
D Q L & H ss. 108% — ! Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65... 11 l 112 California ....121 —
Om C Ry 65.. — — Ueary 11 —
P&CI Ry 65. .107 — Market-st 62% 62%
Ik &O ky 65. 115 — 1 >ak SL& H. — ■■..'
Powell-st R 6s. — 122 Presidio — 30
Sac EIG&RSS. — — Powder—
S F & N P 55. 114% — California ....150 165
S F & SJVSs.HS% — E Dvmmlte... 85 —
c Ry of Cal 6a.100 108% Slant Con Co.. 80% —
B P of A 1i5.... — 113Vs Vigorit 2% 2%
SP C 65 f1 905). — — Sugar—
5 P C 6s(1906).lll — Hana P C 0.... 12 13
6P C 6s(1912).117%118 Haw C&S Co 95% 97
:- P C Is eg 58.102% — Honokaa S Co 34% —
SPBr 68 122 123 Hutch S P Co. — —
S V Wat 65. ..114 114% Kilauea S Co.. — 29
B V Wat 43... 103%— Makaweli SCo 49 —
BY W 45(3dm)101% — Onomea B Co.. 38% 39%
Btktn Gas 65.. — 110 jPaauhau S Co. 36 36%
Water Stocks Miscellaneous
Contra Costa.. 70 70% Al Pac Assn.. .117%119
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — lim
Spring Valley .lol 101% Oceanic S Co.. 85 88
Gas and Electric— jpac AF A 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent L & P... 5% — Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. 5% 5%
Morning Session.
Board —
35 Contra Costa Water 70 50
2 Contra Costa Water ." 72 50
20 Contra Costa Water 70 75
60 Contra Costa Water 70 87%
10 California Street R R 122 00
60 Equitable Gas 5 25
60 Giant Powder Con. 81 25
5 Giant Powder Con 81 50
10 Giant Powder Con 81 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 81 00
95 Giant Powder Con 80 87%
' 35 Giant Powder Con 80 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 13 62%
100 Hana Plantation Co 13 50
60 Makaweli 48 87%
10 Makaweli, s 30.... 49 00
105 Makaweli 49 00
10 S V Water 10125
$20,000 S V 4s (3d mtge) 101 75
100 Vigorit Powder 2 62%
100 Vigorit Powder 2 87%
Street—
$5000 Powell Street R R 6s 120 00
100 Honokaa S Co 34 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Contra. Costa Water 70 25
25 Contra Costa Water 70 12%
SO Giant Powder Con 80 50
20 Giant Powder Con SO 62%
10 Hana Plantation Co 13 00
260 Makaweli 49 00
230 Paauhau S P Co 56 12%
$1000 S F & S J V Bonds, cash 115 50
5 S V Water 101 25
50 Vigorit Powder 3 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 70 25
50 Contra Costa Water 70 37%
50 Contra Costa Water 70 50
25 Contra Costa Water... 70 62%
20 Giant Powder Con 80 50
20 Giant Powder Con 80 25
60 Giant Powder Con 80 00
70 Hana Plantation 14 00
30 Hana Plantation 14 12%
50 Hutchinson Sugar 30 00
30 S F Gas & Electric 64 37%
$2000 S V W 4s (3d mtge) 101 50
ICO Vigorit Powder 2 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 80 50
15 Giant Powder Con 80 37%
60 Hana Plantation 13 25'
10 8 V Water 101 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session.
250 Belcher 22 J 10 Hale & Norcrs. 36
200 Best & Belcher. 35 200 Ophir 89
200 Bullion 04'100Ophlr 88
100 Chollar 39 ; 600 Overman 21
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 800 Sierra Nevada.. 65
100 Crown Point .. 16 100 Utah 12
400 Gould & Curry 36 100 Yellow Jacket.. 28
Afternoon Session.
60 Belcher 22 100 Mexican 29
50 Belcher 23 600 Ophir 87
200 Gould & Curry. 36 100 Seg Belcher .... 03
100 Gould & Curry. 37 200 Sierra Nevada. 63
100 Hale & Norcrs. 35 200 Union Con 38
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 351 900 Mexican 30
1400 C C & Va....l 67% 500 Ophir 88
300 Confidence 84 i 600 Potosi 68
Afternoon Session.
700 Alta 04 1 100 Occidental ..... IS
300 Andes 09 1 300 Ophir S6
200 Belcher 23' 300 Ophir 87
200 Best & Belcher. 35 1 500 Overman 20
600 Bullion 051 200 Pc4osi 5S
200 Caledonia 70 j 300 Potosi 69
200 Challenge Con.. 32 j 600 Potosi 60
600 Chollar 40 200 Savage 26
150 Con Cal & Va..l 65! 500 Sierra Nevada.. 63
100 Exchequer 02 1 300 Union Con 37
300 Gould & Curry. 36! 200 Utah 12
400 Hale ft Norcrs. 36 200 Yellow Jacket.. 28
600 Mexican 30 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Oct. 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 08 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck ....... 03 16
Andes 09 10 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 24 25 Mexican 29 30
Best & Belcher. 35 36 Occidental 20 21
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 87 88
Caledonia ; 71 73 Overman 20 21
Chollar 39 40 Potosi 59 61
Challenge Con. 31 33 Savage 25 26
Confidence ..... 85 86! Scorpion ....... 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 Seg Belcher 02 14
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 63 64
Crown Point ... 16 17 Silver Hill 02 04
Con New York. — OS Standard —8 05
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 06 —
Eureka Con .... — 50 St Louis — 07
Exchequer — 02; Union Con 38 39
Gould & Curry. 36 37 (Utah 11 13
Hale & Norcrs. 35 37 Yellow Jacket. 27 2£
Julia — 031
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N. Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 12. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i.,e., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
ADCnOITSAIES
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
Tn tiav fPRID\Y) Oct. 12. 1899, at 2 p. m.,
Fine Furniture etc without reser>e.
♦ ■ ■ : — "
Sun, Moon and Tide.
— : ■ — *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
RIDAY, OCTOBER 13.
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
w— — — — 9
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 12.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 82 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Westportk Peterson, 58 hours from San
Diego. ■':, -..; ■•;--
Stmr State of California, Gage, 54 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Weeott, Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Conemaugh, Roberts, 33 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 24 days 12 hours.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monte
rey. -' :'.;" .
Br shin Leyland Brothers, Bailey, 23 days
from San Diego, and ordered to proceed to
Portland, Or.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, 5 days from
Columbia River.
Schr La Glronde, Hansen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 8 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 12.
•Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. '.';- * —
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ger bark J C Glade, Stege, Queenstown; Glr
vln & Eyre.
SAILED.
Thursday, October 12.
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst, with schr Dewey in
tow.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, Eureka,
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle. .
Stmr Tillamook, Anfindsen. .
Stmr Newbr.rg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Ship Jabez Howes, ciapp, Tacoma.
Ship Wm H Mai Groth, Puget Sound.
Schr Dewey, Schmaling, Albion, in tow ot
stmr Ruth.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing. _
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Abert Meyer, Nielsen, New Whatcom.
Schr Arago, Stensland, Unga.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen, Port Townsend.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 12. 10 p m— Weather
clcudy; wind south, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed Oct 11— Schr R W
Bartlett, for Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Oct 12— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 10; stmr Del Norte, hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct 12— £er ship Neck, for Queens
town. ...
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Pomona, hno
Oct 11*
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Alliance, for Astoria.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
COOS BAY— bound Sept Stmr Areata,
for San Francisco. : >y^ - ?+■■ _
Sailed Oct Stmr Areata, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct Schr C H Merchant,
for San Pedro; ship Columbia, for San Vran
cisco. Oct 12— Ship Dashing Wave, for Port
Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Oct 11— Br bark
Woodburn, from Antwero.
Sailed Oct 11— Schr Lyman D Foster, from
Port Hadlock, for Sidney; schr Okanogan,
from Port Ludlow, for Honolulu: schr Robert
R Hind, from Port Ludlow, for San Francisco.
In bay Oct 11— Bark Agate, from Departure
i Bay, for Molokai; bktn Skagit, from Port Lud-
I low, for Honolulu. .... .--■ - -,
! SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 12— Stmrs Czarina
I and Progreso, hence Oct 7.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Humboldt, for Skaguav.
PORT LOS ANGELES- "ailed Oct 11— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Nanaimo.
Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Mlneola, from Nanaimo
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct Schr Serena
Thayer, from Tacoma; schr Sadie, from Ump
qua. i
Sailed Sept lb-Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco. Oct Schr Alcalde, for ; stmr
Pasadena, for Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Oct 11
—Ship Joaeoh B Thomas, for New York
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
. FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— In port Oct I— ltal bark Teocle.
for San Diego.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept 10— Br ship
Metropolis, for San Francisco.
NANAlMO— Arrived Oct 11— Nor stmr Tita
nia, hence. Oct 7. •■ ,i_ -.
MANILA— Oct Stmr Columbia,
hence Sent 8. •-•'.:.
To sail Oct 15— U S stmr Warren, for San
Francisco. >.-:-■.'-'
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from New York, via Cher
bourg, for Southampton.
LONDON-Arrived Oct 12-Stmr Marquette
from New York. M «*«»
LIVERPOOL-Arrived Oct 12-Stmr Belgen-
Bo« d ton r ° m Phlladel : stm r Cephalonla, fro.
CHERBOURG-Arrived Oct 12-Stmr Au
guste Victoria from New York, for Southamp
ton and Hamburg. ™««i*iiip.
NEW YORK-Salled Oct 12-Stmr Columbia
for Hamburg, via Cherbourg and Southampton!MINERS WILL
GATHER FROM
MANY STATES
Big Annual Conven
tion Is Near.
— «
DELEGATES BY THE HUNDREDS
*
LARGE QUESTIONS AND A WARM
ELECTION PROMISED.
Ninth Convention of the California
Miners' Association Will Meet
October 23— Adieu to Visit
ing Engineers.
The visiting members of the American
Institute of Mining Engineers were
scheduled to leave Los Angeles and the
State en their homeward journey last
Light, and now. since the meeting and
tour of this body is ended, the attention
of the miners of California has turned
to the annual State convention of the
California Miners' elation, which will
open In this city on the 23d Inst, and con
tinue several days.
The convention of this year now prom
ises to be the biggest and most Important
one in the -..' years of the associa
tion's history. Secretary E. H. Benja
min has returned from the Yosemite,
where he and other members of the as
sociation accompanied the visiting engi
neers, and Is busy with correspondence
and preparations concerning the conven
tion. He anticipates that there will be
several hundred delegates present. Of
the Governors of Pacific Coast states
who have been Invited to appoint dele
gates and thus make it practically a Pa
silic Coast convention which shall dis
cuss measures of general Importance to
the mining industry, two have already
responded. Governor Reinhold Sadler of
Neva and Governor Miguel Otero of
New Mexico have each forwarded the
names of ten delegates they have ap
pointed. A general representation of
Paclflc Coast States is already pretty
well assured and this and the business
«i the convention will m k- the me ting
of national importance. A cabinet uepart
ment of mines, the revision of Federal
mining laws and the conservation of
water will be among the subjects of dis
cussion, resolution and future aggressive
effort.
More interest Is being manifested in this
convention throughout the State than in
any previous one. A number of the
county associations have already chosen
their delegates. Placer County will send
.<-!, Nevada 60, Tuolumne 10, and others
in proportion
This year Hoards of Supervisors in coun
ties in which there is no organization have
been asked to appoint live delegates.
Among those that have already respond
ed are Madera, Marin and Fresno. New
county associations are expected to fol
low the convention.
The annual election of officers la ex- I
citing early interest. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Jacob H. Neff, who has been unani- '
mously re-elected .each year since the
beginning, declares positively that he will
not again accept the office. There has
been a general expectation that W. C
Halston. the vice president, will tx come
a candidate, and his friends expect to
place him in the chair. During the re
cent trip of the mining engineers ex-
Senator E. C. Voorl ; of Sutter Creek,
Amador County, who has been an active
member from the first, was put forward
as another possible candidate. The sec- j
retaryahip promises a lively contest. The
present energetic secretary, Edward 11. I
Benjamin, will no doubt be a candidate j
lor re-election, and will have good SUP
port- Other candidates have not yet
been definitely announced; but it is un
derstood that several would accept this I
office.
The siting engineers were escorted
into the Yosemite Valley by Secretary
Benjamin! J. E. Douglas, F. A. Leach and
wife, Charles G. Yale and wife and W. A.
Doble and wife. At Fresno on Tuesday
evening adieus were said during a big
impromptu meeting on the depot plat
form, and then the visitors went south,
escorted by L. E. Aubrey. H. Z. Osborne
and Professor Theodore B. Comstock of
the Southern California branch of the
California Miners' Association. At the
Fresno open-air love feast the Easterners
expressed enthusiastic thanks and ap
preciation for the hospitality and pleas
ures offered them by the miners of Cali
fornia, and there were cheers for Califor
nia and everybody in it. Professor N. W.
Lord of Ohio declared that the visit would
result in great good to California All
have agreed to sign a statement recording
their impressions of California and Its
mineral resources, which will be pub
lished In various journals.
ISLAM TEMPLE'S
GRAND FUNCTION
CELEBRATION LAST NIGHT OF
RABIH TJL AKHIR.
A Most Brilliant Gathering of Noble
Shriners in Golden Gate
Hall.
Last night Islam Temple celebrated
Rablh UI Akhir in Golden Gate Hall.
What that is is a mystery of the ancient
Arabic Order of Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine, which none will divulge to those
not members of the order, but it is under
stood to be a reception to the ladies.
There were present about two hundred
and fifty shriners, many of them from j
across the bay and from Sacramento, and ;
by the rule there was one lady with each !
shriner, so there were nearly five hundred j
persons present. In the early part of the ,
evening there was a ball in the main hail
and ll was a most brilliant affair, as it
was a full-dress ... and many la
dies wore most magnificent and rich cos- ]
tumes. After the programme of dancing
there was a march to the banquet room,
which; under the direction of Chairman !
R. P. Hurll was decorated In a man- j
ncr that has never been excelled in that
building. it was lavish, artistic and
most attractive. After the menu Past I
Imperial Potentate Charles L. Field,
chairman of the evening, delivered a !
pleasant Introductory tress, and there i
were a number of toasts, the principal
ones being by Samuel M. Shortrldge, who |
responded to "The ladles"; Dr. weard,
responded to "Islam"; J. C. Campbell,
who -poke of "Our Flag." Samuel D. i
Mayer sang "The Star-spangled Banner," j
C. T. Wendell and Walter C. Campbell
also favored with solos, while an orches-
tra of twenty pieces during -.he supper
discoursed sweet music. The committee
of arrangements was J. c. Campbell John
Tonningsen , William S. Miller. William D.
Keystone. Reuben P. Hurll.urt, Charles
H. Wilson and Theo. Frollch.
The shriners present were: L. Osborn,
A. L. Ott. C. N. F. Neuhaus, C. W. Nul
ling, Burr Noble, G. H. Newman, E. W.
Newhall; W. R. Parnell, Charles Patton,
W. R. Payne. W. N. Plarel, J. M. Peel,
G. M Perrine, W. E. Pettes, W. R.
Phillips. A. Q. Piper, J. S. Potts, P. T.
Barclay. A. C. Bauer, A. A. Batk T.
Barnecon, G. E. I icon, A. W. i a dwln
G. E. Baldwin, W. 11. L. Barnes. C i".
Barton. J. H. Bennett, C. E. Benedict.
John Bennett, W. A. Bingham, Howard
Black. W. Blackwell, C, Bliss, Dr. .i. o.
Black, J. Boyes, Paul Boettscher, Henry
C.ohl.s, Charles Bon J. D. Bradley, Jonn
i'i-euner, J.. F. Brenner, C. M. Bredhoff,
Robert Bragg, Thomas H. Browne, G.
T. . Bromley, W. N. Brunt, J. H. Bruce,
-:. R. Bryant, H. J. Burns, A. AY. Bur
-11, G. ll Rurnham, George IS. Bush
nell; E. O. ormick, Thomas Morffew,
C. li Murphy, S. G. Murphy, R. B.
Moore, W. Mooser. F. W. G. Moebus, C.
C. Morehouse, F. C. Morgan, W. S. Moss,
G. H. Monroe, Thomas Morton, N. W.
Mountano, John M. Curtis, A. W. Mor
ton, W. S. Miller, W. McKay, Robert Mc-
Millan, A. McLaughlin, A. M. McDonald,
A. McElroy, Alexander McKay, A. W.
MeKenzie, J. McCrosson, 8. A. McDon
nell, S. D. Mayer, B. Mauzy, F. W. Mau
vals, H. S. Manning, F. C. Marslow,
J. A. Marsh. H. E. Mathews, C. V. Man
ner, John Martin, H. F. Mann, R. H
Mowbray, W. H. Smith, M. Ryan. H. B
Ream, T. B. Reid, Dr. H. E. Reld, E. O.
Rleeer, T. D. Riordan, C. P. Robinson, H. I
Robblns. H. J. Sadler, M. J. Savage. J. F.
facnligman, L. C. Schindler, C. E. Scheu- I
SSS't A nY V ' —«»". J. H. Scott, C. O.
IS!„ lT : : ~i Sevriss; H. Sevenig. J. W.
bchetterlv S. M. Shortridge, G. H. Siebe,
C. M. Smith, G. W. Smith; C. F. Sommers,
J. A. homers, J. H. Hooper. Dr. W. F.
Southard, J. M. Spauldlng. L. E. Spear.
c; A w s P ltz er, E. A. Stevenson, W. A.
i t<? P he _nson, TV. G. Strong, Dr. B. F.
Moll, G. W. Wittman, W. C. West. P. M.
Jur' 1 , 0 1 "',?- McTaylor, P. S. Teller, F. L.
Thlrkield, William Thomas, George
Ihompson W. H. F. Titus. John Tunning- !
sen, E. W. Tucker, F. L. Turpln, C. H.
Twombley, R. j. Tyson, G. li. Umbsen,
H. P. Umbsen, O. Van Duzer, R. J. Van
ourhels, F. J. Veen, E. J. Vogel, 1.. Wad
ham. G. H. Warfleld, R. H. Warfield, C.
A. warren, F. W. Webster, A. B. yon
Wefelsburg, A. R. Wells, C. T. Wendell,
H. W. Westphal, W. F. Ward, F.
W. Williams, J. M. Wilkins, C. H.
Wilson. J. A. Wilson, C. K. Wise,
E. K. Taylor, C. A. Clarkson,
W. C. Campbell, J. C. Campbell, E. B. j
Carroll. R. N. Carson, J. F. Chandler. A. |
Chrlgtensen, G. S. Clark, W. duff,
Thomas M. (luff. C. W. Conlisk. E. P.
Colgan. C. M. Coglan, F. J. Connelly, E.
: W. Cullin, W. H. dim, J. C. Crooks, R.
S. Culverwell, F. H. Day. Robert Day, S.
C. Deneon, C. W. Decker, George E. de
Golia, W. S. J. de Guerre, C. C. Dow, W.
W. Douglass, Victor D. Duboce, B. B.
Duncan, D. J. Edgar, W. Edwards. H. T.
Emery, R. C. Emery, C. H. Evans, J. S.
Ewing, J. Farnham, C. L. Field. J. K.
: Forth, B. F. Flint. Thomas Flint Jr.,
Thomas J. Frazer. J. P. Eraser, George
M. Franks. J. B. Fuller. H. M. Furman,
B. F. Garratt, Samuel Gamble, James M.
Gassawav. F. Gehret, John Gillson, !
George E. Goodman Jr., L. U. Grant. H. i
J Grauerholz, George I. Graham, J. J. i
Grant, J. H. Gray. G. T. Scribner, C. H.
Abbott, J. R. Aitken. I. P. Allen, George
' E. Ames, Gewrge G. Andres. W. Anderson,
J. W. Anderson. George R. Armstrong,
Henry Ashcroft, Robert Ash. W. R. |
Jones, A. J. Johnston, M. Jones, W. John- !
MAJOR GENERAL HUNTER
Major General Sir Archibald.
» Hunter, K. C. 8.. who is now in
, South Africa, is the youngest gen
eral officer in the British army,
' being only 43 years of age. He
' was educated at Glasgow Acade
> my and at Sandhurst Military
« College. In 1874 he joined the
> Fourth King's Own Royal Lan
, cashlre; in 1882 he became a cap
tain, in ISS9 a lieutenant colonel
> and in 1894 a full colonel, In 1896
* he was created a major general.
'' lb- is a splendid soldier and has
• seen much service in Egypt, hav
> ing been wounded at the battles
of Giniss and Toski. He served
, under Sir Francis Grenfeil, and
Lord Kitchener spoke of "Archie"
Hunter as his rlghthand man. He
has been Governor of Omdurman
and of Quetta, a district of India
■ of the first class. He is an Egyp
tian Pasha, a Knight Commander
. of the Bath and holds the Dis
tinguished Service Order and
other rewards of bravery and no
table services.
ston. Edward C. Jones, H. J.
Jones. P. D. Jewell. D. 11. Jackson,
A. F. Korbel, Anton Krieg, J. R. Kimber
land, J. Knowland, H. Knust, R. T. Kim
bell. L. J. Kendricks, W. D. Keyston, 11.
C, Keyes, W. W. Seymour, W. E. Lutz,
J. W. Lucas, C. F. Logan, M. H. Logan,
R. H. Lloyd, C. H. Lindley. E. K. Lilien
thal. W. T. Little, John Lee. J. G. Leibold,
John Lackmann, H. C. Hubbard, C. J.
Hurlet, It. P. Hurlburt, A. Hromada, B.
V. Hoover, T. R. Horton, H. E. Holme-,
L. M. Hofler, George E. Howe, E. B.
Hindes, Thomas L. Hill. F. L. Hilmer,
R. Herring. C. Hell wig. R. L Hathorn,
E. S. Hadley, W. A. Halsted. T. V. Har
ris, C. L. Haskell, A. T. Hatch, W. C.
Hacke, R. B. Hale, J. H. Hatch and Ed
Hayne.
Arrested for Petty Larceny.
Julius Timm, employed in the telephone
company's supply department, was arrest
ed last night by Detective Ryan and the
telephone company's detective, Reilly, ajtd
charged at the City Prison with petty lar
ceny. It Is alleged that Tlmm has been
purloining supplies for two months past.
COMPLAIN AGAINST
CRUISER NEW ORLEANS
Nl-.W YORK, Oct. 12 —The cru'ser New
Orleans weitt into drydock at the navy
yard and It was sail on board that it
would take all of two months to put her
in good condition, though it is said It Is
proposed to have her ready for sea within
ten days.
Much fault has been found with the
ship and the crew say the accommoda
tions aboard are the worst In the navy.
The Inspection made by Rear Admiral
Frederick Rodgers and other members of
the board of Inspection and survey re
vealed that the four boilers are in a ye y
bad state, that some of the copper Keel
plates have been torn off and that the
evaporating and distilling machinery and
the condensers are In bad condition. Her
white paint is being scraped off and it is
said she will be painted lead color. Since
the ship reached this port over thirty
men have deserted. Of the 100 who de
serted while the ship was lying at the
navy yard seventy returned when they
learned that those having to serve only
two years or less would be transferred
to some other ship.
VINDICATION FOR
COLONEL WHOLLEY
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.-A special to the
World from Washington Hays: After an
Investigation of the charges against Col
onel Wholley of the First Washington
Volunteer Regiment through an officer In
whom the War Department has confi
dence the department is satisfied that the
charges were not well founded, but were
the outgrowth of jealousies on the part
of the subordinate officers of his regiment
Adjutant General Corbln says Wnolley's
position is much the same as that of the
late Colonel Stotsenburg a regular army
officer, who commanded the First Ne
braska Regiment. Colonel Wholley is
also a regular army officer, and was given
the command in preference to Washing
ton State militia officers. Lieutenant Col
onel Fife of the regiment wat among the
applicants for the command.
Colonel Wholley is to be brevetted brig
adier general of volunteers for gallantry
In action.
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS
FORM AN ASSOCIATION
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12.— 1n response
to a call Issued by ex-Senator George F.
Edmunds, Herbert Welsh and George '5.
Mercler, vice presidents of the Antl-Impe
riailst League, residing in Philadelphia, a
meeting was held to-night and an associa
tion was formed under the name of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
American League of Philadelphia. Its ob
jects are "to manitain the truths set forth
in the Declaration of Independence and to
oppose the expansion and establishment
of the dominion; of the United States, by
conquest or otherwise, over unwilling peo
ples in any part of the globe, and at the
sent time to promote such measures
against the people of the Philippine Isl
ands, who wish to govern themselves, and
to aid ln securing them, through the
friendly assistance of the United State?,
the peace, liberty and order of a just re
publican government."
The following officers were elected:
Honorary president. George F. Edmunds;
president. George G. Mercer; secretary,
Samuel Milliken; treasurer. Asa S. Wing,
and twenty-four vice-presidents, all citi
zens of prominence. Delegates were ap
pointed to attend the Chicago conference,
and the association will be prepared to
distribute literature and hold public meet
ings.
ASQUITH PLEADS FOR
AMERICAN SYMPATHY
LONDON, Oct. 12.— Henry Herbert As
quith, former Home Secretary, speaking
at Newburgh this evening on the Trans
vaal situation and referring to the atti
tude abroad, said:
"The Americans have not forgotten,
and 1 believe they will not forget, the at
titude which this country, almost alone
among the nations, assumed toward them
recently when they were enduring times
of crisis and emergency similar to those
which seem now before us. The sympa
thy shown In those hours. of danger and
need engendered a warmth of gratitude,
and, I might say also, a tenderness of
sentiment which is no less genuine than
strong between the nations than between
Individuals.
"Looking backward two years there is
nothing which we have more reason to
congratulate ourselves upon; nothing that
has added more to our international as
sets than the fact that we established
this tie of affectionate reciprocal sympa
thy with our great kindred nation beyond
the Atlantic."
Lee Henry Courtney. Liberal member of
Parliament for the Bodwin division of
Cornwall, addressing his constituents at
Liskeard, was frequently interrupted. Mr.
Courtney lamented the failure of the
principles, enunciated at The Hague, and
In a lengthy criticism of the Government
policy declared that "our policy has been
of a shifting character, causing the Boers
to distrust us."
He said he did not believe the prevalent
Idea that there was a conspiracy to expel
the British from South Africa, and he re
gretted the Boer ultimatum, but said he
was unable honestly to condemn it.
After his speech Mr. Courtney was fol
lowed by hostile demonstrations.
The customary vote of confidence was
moved, but was met by an amendment,
which was adopted by a large majority,
expressing regret that Mr. Courtney
should be at variance with the Govern
ment's policy, and expressing complete
confidence In Lord Salisbury, j
Mr. Courtney, after the passage of the
amendment, said it was the first time he
had encountered a hostile vote, and he ad
mitted its gravity and seriousness.
The audience then sang "Rule Brltan
nia." _________________
HURRIEDLY MARRIED
BY JUSTICE QUINN
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— There was a
I hurried marriage ceremony performed in
County Clerk Jordan's private office late
this afternoon. The principals were Otto
Herman Macroth Jr.. aged 22 years, and
Rose Alldack, 21 years, both giving tneir
residence as San Francisco. The mar
riage license was procured shortly before
closing time, and in the mianwhlls. a
deputy clerk rounded up Justice
Quinn; who officiated. An I effort at
strictest secrecy was affected, 1 the groom
declaring that he did not wish the fact
of the marriage to reach his | parents.
Marriage licenses were alsf issued to
Jens Martin Jenson, 35 years, iind Andrea
M. Clausen, 25 years, Suisun, Abbott
Nickerson, 27 years, and Mary ; G. Patton,
27 years, San Francisco; Emll Rasmussen,
26 years, Mcl Maria C. Johnsofi, 26 years,
j San Francisco. !
THE UNIVERSITY WILL
HAVE AN AUDITORIUM
BERKELEY. Oct. 12.— The nuestion of
an auditorium for the University of Cal
ifornia is to be solved shortly by building
on an addition to the Harmon gymnas
ium, which will enlarge the (seating ca
pacity of the building to about 2500.
The proposition to build the addition
will come up before a special meeting of
the Board of Regents to be : held next
Tuesday in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, San Francisco. The plan is to cut
out the walls at the west end of the
gymnasium and add on a ipo-foot ex
tension. This will give the floor an area
of 170 feet by SO feet. A stage at one end
will be 34 by 30 feet. In the rear of this
will be dressing-rooms from | which an
entrance to the stage can jbe made.
A gallery eight feet wide will encircle the
whole hall. The estimated eo*t is $900.
LOVE TARRIED WITH
THEM ONLY A YEAR
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— Ida Ddmpsey, by
her attorneys, Robinson & Miller, fiied
suit to-day for a divorce roni ; James C.
Dempsey, whom she married jat Sacra
mento about a year ago. She alleges
desertion as the ground of her cause of
action and declares that she- is com
pelled to seek shelter and maintenance
art the home of her parents in West Oak
land.
Suit for divorce has also been com
menced by Beatrice Chase against Al
bert B. Chase, Bon of ex-County Treasurer
George Chase. The couple were married
very quietly at San Rafael about a year
ago*, at a time when the plaintiff was a
school girl. Now she alleges that her
husband has been unfaithful to his
marriage vows.
Fire Caused by Rain.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The i.c. ivy rains
to-night caused several electric wires to
break. At Eighth and Washington streets
the lire department was called out at 10
o'clock to a blaze in an awning that was
caused by a live wire. Another live w're
broke on Fourteenth street onpnl'e the
City Hall and City lilectrlc'nn George
Carleton stationed a guard there to v. t
passengers of their danger. The deadly
wire was dangling over the middle ot Ui«
sidewalk. H
One Year for an Assault.
OAKLAND, Oct. Judge Hall to-day
sentenced J. H. Burnham to one year's
imprisonment In the County Jail. Burn
ham was originally charged with an as
sault with Intent to murder Ghstaf Nel
son near the racetrack at Emeryville last
August. He had pleaded not guilty and
was to have been tried. To-day. however,
he was allowed to plead guilty do an as
sault with a deadly weapon, with the re
sult of the sentence.
Thomas Dolan's Will Filed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— will of Thom
as D ilan, who died September .•' last, was
filed for probate to-day and (he widow,
Margaret Dolan. and daughter. Mrs. Nel
lie v. Meyers, who*\are named therein as
execu trices, apply for letters. The Instru
ment Is dated April 6, 1899. and the estate,
consisting of Oakland realty I valued at
$4000 and a lot in San Franclfw, is be
queathed to the widow and daughter.
Received Montreal's Arc'; jishop.
OAKLAND, Oct. Archb*. .hop Bra
chesl of Montreal was tendered a recep
tion veaterday by the young ladles of
the Convent of the Sacred Heart and
Mother Delphlne. The convent was es
tablished from the mother convent* in
Montreal and the Archbishop brought the
greetings of the parent Institution.
Had Good Claims in Klondike.
OAKLAND. Oct. 12.— Hans rind Henry
Sorensen have returned to their homes
in this city from a three years* claim
staking trip through the Klondike. They
come home each (10,000 richer. 'They de
clare that the Cape Nome district is rich
and that claims there are now {held at a
high, figure. v;.* C:-,; j .
Sold Liquor to Minora.
BERKELEY. Oct. 12.— Deputy Marshal
Rawson to-day swore out a warrant for
the arrest of Louis P. Rolus, proprietor
of the Paris House of West (Berkeley.
Rolus, It Is claimed, sold a demijohn of
liquor this morning to a small boy. His
trial has been set for next Tuesday morn
ing. -1
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SOLDIERS TO BE
GIVEN FREEDOM
OF THE TOWN
Funston, Shafter and
Others to Attend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
90S Broadway, Oct. 12.
Owing to the possibility of rain the ban
quet to the Kansas and Montana troops
will not be held under the willows, but
will be served in the Tabernacle. This !
was decided by the Red Cross ladies this
morning at a meeting.
John Mitchell, chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements, has Issued the
following appeal:
To the Citizens of Alameda County— com
mittee charged with the duty of arranging for
the proper reception of the Kansas and Mon
tana volunteers desires to make such a cele
bration as will redound to the credit of this
MITCHELL'S IDEA* OF A RECEPTION.
county and he of such a character as to al
ways "be remembered and referred to with
pleasure by our bravo guests. To this end we
earnestly request the co-operation of all our
citizens, bet there be a general ourpourlng of
the people. Let the streets be lined with an
enthusiastic, cheering multitude, and let the
welcome extended be of such a nature as to
instantly convince these veteran soldier r->ys
that they are In the midst of and at this ; me
surrounded by friends, eagerly anxious to show
In every way that the gallant defenders of Old
Glory, who have carried our loved flag through
many a fierce flcht, always forward and to
victory, have won our admiration and grati
tude. _._, , .
The heroic deeds of Funston, Kessler and
Clark are known and applauded the world
over. They and their brave men will be with
us Saturday. Show them that we are proud of
the fact. Fling to the breezes your starry ban
ners decorate your homes and offices. Bring
flowers and garlands and strew their pathway.
They deserve such a welcome.
JOHN triTCHBLI*
The following aids have been appointed
to assist --he grand marshal in managing
the big parade:
Chief aids— Clarence Crowell and Ray Baker;
i assistant aids-George W. Baxley. John Naegle.
; A. Mendenhall, A. H. Breed, George H. Beck
i of Livermore. Charles Prowse of Haywards,
1 George W. Austin, P. J. Kellar, Dr. F. V.
! pierce H. A. Wcltzel, Ben F. Woolner, L. K.
I Mullal'lv. D. A. Sinclair, Ed L, Johnson, J. P.
Cook. W. .1. Hennessy. I. L. Cavasso, Dr. J. P.
1 Dunn Dr. O. D. Hamlin, Dr. O. T. Wilson,
D J HaUibnn. H. W. Can! " D. CUBhln|.
! r, B. Daniels. W. H. L. Hynea, Oeprge F.
i Neece J. P. BeCket Charles Roeth. L. W. Cob
bledick Charles Sturm, . H Church. S. H.
! Stewart Dr. W. F. B. Wakefield. W. V.
1 Wltcher H. P. Dalton. John A. Brltton. F. M.
MnSweu. George C. Pardee Webb N. Pearce.
i P 1 Merle, Samuel Taylor. Charles Bates,
George McDonald. Craigle Sharp. C. J. Heese-
' ninn. . . , . . ,
All the committees have reported that
' their special work is in the best shape,
although this afternoon the ladles caused
I ft to be known that the 3000 visitors will
be able to digest far more food than has
vet appeared. All donations of this char
'• acter should be sent to the big store in
■ the Reliance Club building before noon
to-morrow. Friday. There Is no doubt
that more than sufficient will be on hand
at the appointed time.
The troops, together with a Tinned
States battery, will come over on the 9:15
a m creek boat. General Shafter Gen
i eral Funston. Governor Rogers of Wash
ington, Governor Stanley of Kansas.
Colonel Metcalf and Colonel Kessler will
come over on the 10 o'clock boat. Ihe
! parade will start at 11 o'clock from First
I and Broadway; thence up Broadway to
i Sixth across to Washington, to Four
teenth to Broadway, to Fourth, counter
marching to Twelfth, and then to the re
viewing stand near the Tabernacle, yet
I to be decided upon '
Mr. Mitchell, unlike any other grand
i marshal Oakland has ever had, wants
' noise and plenty of It. Said he yester
■ day "I wish you would say to the
people that as these soldiers go march
ing up the street we expect them
Ito cheer as loud as they can. If any
one Is weak-lunged and can't yell, let
. him hire a couple of Second Ward
small boys to yell for him.
"Don't have any fear that you will
annoy the musicians or interrupt their
playing. They are paid to make music
and to be annoyed. Turn the small
boys loose and let them blow horns,
sing, yell, hoot or howl— anything to
; make a noise— only make plenty cf It."
Members of Company F who desire re
: served seat tickets for their friends for
Saturday night can get them by applying
| to A. Biakely, at the Armory, on Friday
! night. ■
THREE GOES TO-NIGHT
AT THE RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— A1l Is In readiness
for the boxing night at the Reliance Club
Friday evening. A fine programme has
been arranged of two tryouts and three
ten-round contests for decisions. The
ten-round goes promise to be good ones,
and are between the following men:
Charles Vlckers of San Francisco vs.
Mike Mollis of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, weight 136 pounds; Pete Reconni of
the Olympic Club vs. Billy Springfield of
Philadelphia, weight 145 pounds, and
Jack McMahon of San Francisco vs.
Mortimer of San Francisco, weight 135
pounds. All the men have been training
hard for the last three weeks and are in
fine condition. (
Higuet Wants Out.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Attorneys Garrity
and Donovan sued out a writ of habeas
corpus to-day In Judge Hall's court on
behalf of Louis Higuet, charged with hav
ing received brass stolen from the railway
yards at West Oakland last January. The
writ ls made returnable to-morrow morn
ing and is based on th© ground that the
FOUND STARVING ON THE
OAKLAND BLEAK MARSH
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— 0n the edge of the bleak marsh near the Sixteenth
street depot there was discovered to-day a little rag-carpet tent in
which was living Michael Kearny, aged 70, his wife, aged 40, and two
children, aged 10 and 6 years. The father, who is a veteran with an
honorable discharge, is in the last stages of consumption and is also
attacked with rheumatism, and is utterly incapable of working. His wife is
not strong and the whole family Is on the verge of starvation. They were
put out of their lodgings some weeks ago, and with only their old carpet for
a covering they built a little tent on a vacant lot. During the hot weather
their condition was not very intolerable, but when the storm arose yesterday
the tent cover was blown off, the heavy showers poured in and the cold wind
off the bay made their hovel more miserable.
To-day when visited by Mrs. Prescott of the Humane Society they were
absolutely without food. Supervisor Mitchell was notified and he at once
provided temporary relief. The parents will probably be sent to the County
Hospital and Mrs. Prescott will find homes for the children.
evidence taken before a Police Judge was
rot sufficient to warrant Higuet being
held to answer before the Superior Court.
SUCCEEDS THE LATE
SECRETARY MELVIN
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The trustees of
the Mountain View Cemetery Associa-
tion have elected Herbert F. Kellogg sec
retary, vice W. P. Melvln, who died re
cently. At the same time resolutions were
adopted deploring the demise of Mr. Mel
vin, paying a high tribute to his qualities
as a faithful and conscientious officer,
and extending sincere sympathy to the
widow and family of the deceased.
• — i ■ ♦ ■
PRISONER SULLIVAN
A DESPERATE MAN
Threatened the Life of Warden Hale
of San Quentin.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 12.— Ex- Warden Hale
of San Quentin has been relieved of con
siderable worry. With the incarceration of
C. C. Sullivan, who was an accomplice
with Bert Willmore in the attempted
burglary, Sunday night, Mr. Hale feels
that he can walk the streets of Oakland
without expecting to see Sullivan spring
up from some secluded spot to take his
life.
During the time that Sullivan was serv
ing out part of his sentence at San Qucn
tin he formed a dislike for the Wacden
that gradually grew to bitter hatred. He
openly threatened to kill Hale If he ever
got the opportunity, and Hale, knowing
the man, did not doubt that he would do
it. Tuesday evening D. W. Martin of this
city met the ex-Warden at a Knight
Templars* meeting in Oakland, and Hale
told nim that it was the first night he had
been away from home since his return to
Oakland, -knowing that Sullivan was in
San Francisco and fear of him had kept
him from leaving his home after dark.
« "I am sincerely ...ad." said Hale, "that
you have him locked up securely in your
city prison, for now I can rest in peace
again. I told Budd after Sullivan's re
lease that he had made a mistake; that if
Sullivan did not kill me he would kill
some one else if he was at large long
enough."
Sullivan is one of the most desperate
Criminals ever confined in San Quentin; in
fact, his behavior was so bad that he had
to be transferred to Folsom. In August,
1891, he was the leader of a gang of des
perate fellows who plotted the murder of
the officials. One of the conspirators
"squaled," however, nnd thus probably
saved the lives of several guards. George
Welles, the man who informed on Sulli
van, was afterward nearly killed by the
latter, and was only saved by the cour
ageous act of a trusty.
Sullivan otherwise made a fairly good
record at Folsom, and two years ago his
sentence was commuted, so that he was
given his freedom on December 21, IS9B.
He said this morning that his sister-in
law, Mrs. Sullivan, was instrumental ln
securing his releaca. She was oniy a lb
tle -'-I when he was sent to prison and
did not know him until after her marriage
to his brother, but she worked almost un
ceasingly for several years for his par
don. She was a cousin to the late Warden
Aun and through the influence of that
gentlemen she succeeded in having Gov
ernor Budd pardon Sullivan. In speaking
of ex-Warden Hcie this evening, Sulli
van's face wore a look of bitter hate, and
his words matched his i<v .
"Hale is no good," said Sullivan. "Soon
after I went to San Quentin he began to
hound me. Aft. - ~. time, under those cir
cumstances, one ceases to be worth much
and gets desperate. I suppose Hale will
try to have me cinched for this trouble,
but they can't give me any more than life,
any way. I don't believe they will give
me that— l don't think they will use the
prior conviction in the charge." The time
for the prisoner's preliminary examina
tion has not yet been set.
The funeral of Bert Willmore took place
from Fowler's undertaking parlors this
afternoon at 2 o'clock. Mrs. Willmore and
Miss Ina Willmore, mother and sister of
the deceased, a brother of Mrs. Willmore
and a brother of the dead burglar's
father, were present with their wives.
Rev. E. P. Dennett made a short address
and offered prayer. A hack containing
the relatives and two other vehicles with
friends followed the remains to Mountain
View Cemetery, where the interment took
place.
»■♦—
DEATH OF WILLIAM,
WEIGHEL A PIONEER
OAKLAND, Oct, 12.— William Welghel,
whose funeral took place in this city, was
formerly a well-known mining man in
Nevada County. He came to California
in 1852 and later engaged in the hotel
business in Nevada. While in the Silver
State he was identified with political af
fairs, and represented Humboldt County
In the Legislature. He also held other
public offices. Failing health compelled
him to retire from business and come to
the bay, and after staying in San Fran
cisco and Ookland. he went to Ben
Lemond, where he died.
The deceased was a member of the Odd
Fellows' and of the Masonic order. He
leaves a widow, a son, W. McM Weighel,
and a daughter, Mrs. A. W. Rickard of
San Francisco. The funeral services
were conducted by Rev. E. Francis
Brown, and the remains were temporarily
placed in the receiving vault at Mountain
View. In accordance with the request of
the deceased his remains will be finally
interred in the family burial lot at San
Juan.
DENOUNCES THE SUIT
AS INFAMOUS OUTRAGE
Lieutenant Hayne of Heavy Artillery
Deplores the Action of One of
His Soldiers.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Auent the suit filed
in San Francisco by John E. Talbot, Ed
ward E. Reynolds and W. A. Bourne, ask
ing for an accounting of the funds collect
ed for the reception and entertainment of
the California volunteers, First Lieuten
ant A. P. Hayne of Battery A, California
Heavy Artillery, in which Bourne was a
private, made the following statement to
night:
"I wish to go on record as denouncing
the suit filed by Talbot, Reynolds and
Bourne as an infamous outrage. Bourne,
who was a private in my battery, repre
sents himself alone. I firmly believe that
1 can say without fear of contradiction
that nine-tenths of our organization wish
to be left out of this affair entirely. And
I believe also that if judgment should be
obtained by the plaintiffs none except
Bourne would take anything by it. The
suit is particularly infamous when we
take into consideration the glorious and
unprecedented reception we were ten
dered, a reception that far outclassed our
most sanguine expectations. And it is
very wrong for a private, who really
never did very much in our battery, to
rope us into such an outrageous scheme.
If there is to be arty kick about the money
collected for the great reception, let those
who gave the money kick over the dis
position of the residue; but God forbid
that a soldier who enjoyed the hospitality
on that memorable occasion should be
among the kickers." ■._';-*"■-"
Harvest Festival Celebration.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— The annual har
vest festival celebrations of the Salva
tion Army throughout the United States
take place from October 14 to 17 Inclusive,
and during this period the local corps
will hold a great sale of articles con
tributed such as groceries, furniture,
clothing, live stock, musical instruments,
etc., at their hall, corner of Washington
and Twelfth streets. Any surplus of
goods may be devoted to the Army's
many philanthropic institutions, of which
there are now in this country about one
hundred and twenty-four, such as rescue
homes, shelter homes, etc.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE -
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, GERMANY, ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. IS9B, and
' for the year ending on that day, as made to the
i Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
! fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
' 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
; per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
i Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $643,9C0 00
j Cash in Company's Office _ 952
Cash In Banks 82,781 .4
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
•md Loans ...,_..•••••••••••••••• 920 00
Premiums in Due Course of Collection 46,229 12
Balances due from Agents 22,428 79
Total Assets ...$706,334 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,744 50
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense • 19,182 47
Losses resisted, including expenses.... 5,175 00
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
1 one year or less. $383,243 32: reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 191,62166
, Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $149,159 51; rein-
i surance pro rata 99,339 36
j All other demands against the Com-
pany 7,967 57
Total Liabilities ■■■■$332,030 56
"-.-■">■: ______Tl_-_______l_
INCOME.
Not Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $470,170 14
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
other sources 23,202 52
Total Income ....$493,372 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses fin-
i eluding $24,461 22. losses of previous
years) $251,246 84
, Paid or allowed for Commission or
: Brokerage 92,193 55
I Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63,254 50
I Paid for State. National and local
, taxes 10,612 31
All other payments and expenditures. 35.197 31
Total Expenditures $452,304 51
-=_rz____r_-_:
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year .... — $255,300 33
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ;-. ■• -.:.,'
written during the
year ' $48,059,170 $617.092 64
' Net amount of Risks!
expired during the
i year ! 41.082.860 618,719 29
1 Net amount In force
, December 31, 1898 | 40.728.345 632.432 83
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy,
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21th
day of January, 1599. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manner.
S ALFRED R. GRIM, 4 sst. Manager.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets. Strictures and analogous com-
plaints of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Mian Yeftatle Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY- THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS,
CONSTIPATION. Torpid LlveV. Weak Stom-
ach, Pimples and puri.y the blood.
DEEDED ALL TO
RED HUSBAND'S
PARTNER TRIPP
Bitter Contest Over
the Cook Estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 12.
The trial of an interesting suit wherein
a big estate is at issue was commenced
before Superior Judge Greene to-day, ar.d
promises to occupy several days. The
suit is that of Richard Kimball and other
heirs of Elizabeth L. Cook, deceased,
against the latter's_ husband's former
business partner, W. G. 3 ripp, whereby
the Cook heirs seek to have annulled and
canceled certain deeds to valuable real
estate, aggregating over $20,000 at the
least estimate.
From the complaint originally filed in
the suit it appears that shortly prior to
her death some years ago Mrs. Cook,
when about to undergo a surglc. 1 opera
tion, and fearing fatal consequences, con
veyed her entire estate to Tripp, her de
ceased husband's former partner, with In
structions to give certain portions of it
to persons she named at the time, and
for Tripp to retain the balance. Under
this disposition many of the closest rela
tives were practically ignored. .
After her death William H. Knight,
then Public Administrator, applied for
and was granted letters of administration
on Mrs. Cook's estate, and thereupon the
relatives began contests to recover such
shares of her property as they would
have been entitled to had she died in
testate and without leaving any provision
for the disposition of the estate. As a
result of those contests about $20,000 in
money was recovered from Tripp, but not
without a most bitter legali battle that
concluded only In the Supreme Court.
The present suit Involves the question
of ownership of the realty which Mrs.
Cook conveyed by deed *o Tripp, and
promises to be as bitterly fought as were
the preceding suits.
On the side of Mrs. Cot's heirs are
arraigned as counsel Joseph Campbell,
Nusbaumer & Reed and Fred E. Whitney,
while Tripp is represented by Cary
Howard and Welles Whitmore.
GAMBLING DEVICES
NOT USED IN CHURCHES
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— nlckel-in-the
slot machines are again causing agita
tion to the city government. Council
man Girard's statement last night that
they are on a par with church fairs and
entertainments, and that all should be
taxed alike, or ignored, is contradicted
by Councilman Barstow. %&>■'s
"I am not a bigot." said Mr. Barstow,
to-day, "but when Mr. Girard said last
night that there was not a church in
Oakland but what is running gambling
games, I challenged his remark. He
named his own church, and I requested
him to speak for his own crowd and let
others alone. I hold that everybody
should be secured, both In their religious
and political rights, and that they should
be protected from persecution or ridicule
concerning them."
City Attorney Dow having reported
that under the State law the machines
are undoubtedly gambling devices, the
City Council will request the Mayor to
order the Chief of Police to make some
arrests, and see If the police court jurors
will convict.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ."*
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash 11.000. 000 no
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7,000 00
I Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,295,664 00
Cash in Company's Office 53,374 90
("ash In Banks 45|803 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
' and Mortgages 29 16
I Premiums In due Course of Collection 161,507 09
i Rents due and accrued 455 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 213 53
Total Assets .$3,035.140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,854 63
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 69,166 19
Losses resjsted. Including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,011,526 33;
reinsurance 50 per cent 605,763 18
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,192.-
-662 31; reinsurance pro rata 623,349 S3
Reinsurance premiums 11,372 62
Total Liabilities $1,329,429 19
INCOME. " "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. $1,449,478 69
j Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 43185
j Received for Interest and dividends
1 on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 94.808 19
Received for Rents 28,383 70
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 23.571
Total Income .$1,596.177 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $192,636 41. losses of pre-
vious years) $933,518 58
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 262,42153
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153,750 72
I Paid for State, National and local
taxes 50,301 49
All other payments and expenditures 104.670 44
Total Expenditures $1,604.660 74
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $906,740 54
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
i Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $157,146,439 51. 722, 202 73
'. Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 155,003,964 1.755,677 70
Net amount In force
December 31, IS9B 200.075.765 2,204.188 64
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thla
2Sth day of January. 1899.
JOS. McCOr.D, Notary Public
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
ffeefly Gail $1.00 per Year
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the -year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until P.."'"' o'clock.^
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.^
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K. >i
T No 8 Post st. Regular assembly em»
TIGS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Order ffjj
of the Temple. All fraters cordially In- gS^
vlted. ."**
sir JOHN TONNINGSEN, Commander,
TERRA Buena Lodge of Perfection No. *¥f"
I— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
ING, at S o'clock. D. 4. _^iV.
GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. «S2»
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17, F. •
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. _^\_
Oct. 13, Bp. m. First degree. By or- I&J\
der of the W. M. 'NT
P. DE ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
MEM! of Noe Valley Lodge No.^ejtjXb
185. A. O. U. W.— You are requested to r'tfjjfe
attend the funeral of our late brother,
T. W. WELDON. FRIDAY. Oct. Is. c *fflS'
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 263 Lex- I
ington aye. By order. D. WARD, M. W.
J. C. SCOTT Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Henry H. Meyer, et als.. in the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downie-
vllle. Sierra County, to de] -it tailings ln a
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Slnnott
and F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek
Tailing Claim. In Goodwin Township, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West, ln the Eagle Gulch
mine, ln Butte County, near Strawberry Val-
ley, to deposit tailings In a worked-out pit,
gives notice thai a meeting will be held at
room 69. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
on October 30, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— meet of stock-
holders of the KILAUEA sugar
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market street,
In the cltv and county of San Francisco.
State of California, on WEDNESDAY', the
2"th day of October ISS9. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the enduing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1899. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Sime
Company— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Sime Company will be held at
the principal office of the company In San
Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY, the ISth
day of October, 18», at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN, President.
Dated October 7. 1899
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
!icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
AW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100. pro-
secute or defend lawsuits in all courts on con-
ting-i-.t fees: employ able counsel; loan money
on ny kind of security. Advice free, by mall
or at office, 214 Pine st., room 64.
i
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market st., opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
SpreckeD building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and, best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages,' sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1, j
post as c paid.
BATH CABINETS— A
THE Robins 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
caii and Fee It. descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent, 426 Ellis st.
t ■
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNET, Market and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICTCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
LIS. 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board: bath; telephone; gas; piano.
ELLIS, 573 Nice sunny rooms en suite or
single with excellent table board.
MARKET. 1820 (Las Palmas)— of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable ms; su-
perior table board: bath; piano; reasonable. j
POST. 732— Rooms and board for either two
ladles or gentlemen: terms very reasonable;
strictly private family.
POWELL* 303 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites j
and single, with or without board.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, makes advances at !
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions. j
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes, Soe;
lad's stylish lace or button shoes, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S
SHOE STORK, 13"3 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— PARTNER wanted with $400 ln good-paying I
water-front saloon: splendidly paying; best
location. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St. j
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell st., Including 4 rooms; daily re-
ceipts $10; rent $25; a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE, MM Market st.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar, dining-
room, etc.; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city;
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for inspection; price $8000. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— SISO— HOME bakery and notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. G. WILK£, 906 Market st.
A— s3so: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
906 Market Ft.
A— s6oo— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $25;
meals not less than 25c; bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
$4250— MILK ranch in city; 54 cows. 7 horses, 3
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
plete and in tip-top order; 48 cans; best class
trade: offer one of best ever made; positively
full value in Bight, with splendid business
thrown in; full Investigation and trial if you
mean business; none but principals. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$500— CANDY store: bargain; going East cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
$1300— SNAP; Baloon: best location In cltv; near
Market St.; line business, BASILE, 3 Eddy.
A— CANDY store; best on Market st.; bargain.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st. uttr S«-»»-
GENERAL merchandise business in country
bear full Investigation; 2 country hotels and
restaurants: 2 branch bakeries; fine paying
grocery' stores and saloons; business of all i
kinds bought, sold and exchanged; money
loaned on lodging houses. Eitel, 1008% Market. '
$400— BRANCH bakery, groceries, delicacies- I
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weeks' trial i
given; 6 living rooms; rent $20. JONES, 865
Mars- st.
TO let- Small furn. drugstore and office of the
late Dr. J. M. O'Byrne; good opening for right
party. Inquire 52 Broad st.. Ocean View.
SALOON for sale on account leaving excellent
location; near S P R R station. 636 Third st.
BAKERY for sale; $800: no wagon all store
trade. Address box 899, Call office.
COAL yard for sale. 431 Third St., corner of
Silver.
ELEGANT place for restaurant; connected
with lodging-house; north Market; 25 steady
boarders; must rent this week. Box 761, Call.
$60— BRANCH bakery; three rooms, partly fur-
nished; fine place for man and wife wishing
to serve meals. 1614 Pacific st., near -Polk.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 613% Jones
street.
BRANCH hakery and notion store; 2 living
rooms. 805^4 Filbert st. 6
A FIRST-CLASS coffee and lunch place for
•ale cheap; $2600. Address box 211, Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest: will prosecute or defend lawsuits
ln all courts on contingent fees: employ able
counsel, advice free. 214 Pine Bt., room 64.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
FOR sale — A corner grocery and saloon; on ac-
count of sickness. Northeast corner Battery
and Green sts.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures in; two
rooms; rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement; take Sutro car.
FOR sale— Bargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; good selling reason;
no agents. 150 First St., corner Natoma.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion: cheap rent. Box 795. Call office.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location: good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
GOOD second-hand phaeton, pneumatic tire
buggy and Frazier cart. O'BRIEN'S, 500
Golden Gate aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bungles, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tei. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tei. South 250. |
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson St.; tei. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tei Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tei. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tr;. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tei. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
v LAIR YON. ANTS AND .- i IkPI LAjul&M.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on ail affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
.lldden mystery: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lust, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. DR. DUMOND.
Eminent clairvoyant and medium, lately ar-
rived from Now Tork; truthful in her predic-
tions; reliable in her advice; the distinguished
clairvoyant and medium; those in trouble or
who wish to know their future should consult
tils gifted medium on all matters of legiti-
mate business nature; mining, lawsuits, sepa-
rations, love, matrimony, lost or stolen prop-
erty; full reading by mall, $1, from lock of
hair or photo; satisfaction guaranteed. Office
1130 Market St., parlors 2 and 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium life reader and medical clairvoyant;
s'ttlngs.' $1: diagnosis free; 'now method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails in her diagnosis; Bend stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
ARE there not in the lives of every one mo-
ments of hesitation, of Irresolution, when you
need' to seek secret advice and counsel? At
such times do you not stand in need of a reli-
able guide? Consult MME. MELBOURNE; a
visit will well repay you: hours, 1:30 to 6
p. m., 7 to 10 p. m. 612% Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails: satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1-6 p.m.,
7-10 p. m. ; 25c and 50c. 612% Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night, 8:15; sitting?
daily, 10 to 4. 18*9 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, trance circle to-day, 2-8
p.m. ,25c; test to all; readings daily.33s McAlst.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance, |
8 p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth, 2, 8 |
p. m. 14 McAllister, r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test seance to-night; arti-
cles read l"c; business readings $1. 34 Sixth. i
PROF. Gee Medium; read's, BOc. $l;test circles
Tues., Thurs., Fri.. 8 p. m 10c. 1035 Market. .
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader:
patt. present, future, 25c. 143 Sixth st., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed; i
25c; reading by mail, $1. 9 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7tolop. m. 105 Lark st.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; j
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3 COTTAGES to let, furnished or unfurnished,
in San Quentin. 739 Pine st : _
$15— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath: sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
— — —^ -S-SSS ' ** SSSS gSSS ~** "
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zilnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth" carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and striffiger than rubber, warranted for 20 I
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- !
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates, !
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted. i
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, I
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- !
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2 !
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager, j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell "st~ ex- I
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won- j
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4, i
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first |
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 860 Market.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices teas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211, Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
3EORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market St., San Francisco; exam, free.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College,' liT^TßtT 'sTfT;
practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,'
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neering. etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers-
Ellis system*; sunny rooms; low rates- day
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt!
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oa-tland; day and night; correspondence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey.assay.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1364. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.: circulars and specimen i lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st. • '
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
ln shorthand: pupils by mail. Montgomery.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar, writing; ;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office— (Japanese, Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tnl. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tei. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell: tei.; East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Bed 1531.
FIELD'S Employment Agency: help furnished
free. 655 Clay st ; phone Davis 821.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALES
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.' '•
SITUATION wanted by a neat American wo-
man to assist In housework, care of children,
governess, sewing, etc., at reasonable wages;
can do many things about house; no cook.
Pee J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, competent nurse,
will take entire charge of infant, young chil-
dren or chamber work; city or country; ref-
erence. 106 Hayes st.
COLORED woman wishes day work or wash-
ing to take home, or would take care of child
during the day. Address box 725, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with other work;
good reference. 618 O'Farrell Ft.
WANTED By a competent German nurse,
nursing; best references. Apply 10 _ Eighth.
GIRL wishes situation at general hsusework.
Address box 917, Call office.
WOMAN wants chamber work by the month
or housework by the day. Apply 331 Mc-
Allister st. '
YOUNG woman wants position as working
-keeper or will travel. Box 704, Call.
LAD 7 wishes sewing and mending to do at
I home. Call 150 Fourth ft.
YOUNG lady, graduate ln bookkeeping, will
give 1 or 2 months' service gratis for the ex-
perience. Address box 775, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry -
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — MALE.
A BRANCH office for Call advenlnements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bte Open till 9p. m. .::'•:,
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires- a situation,
also a first-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CCLLINAN. 323 Sutter.
YOUNG man, 23 years of age, lite First Cali-
fornia Volunteer Infantry, desires position of
pome kind where there is an opportunity for
advancement; Is not afraid of work of any
description and will make himself generally;
useful If offered permanent position; will !
start for small salary expecting to advance |
himself In the future; can give references
from former employers and from prominent 1
people in city as to character, ability and so-
briety for the past six years or longer. Box
756, Call office. ; ;
AN experienced bookkeeper wishes to get a po-
sition either in country or city; can furnish
good references as to ability and honesty.
Ad ire box 6047, Call office, Oakland.
EASTERN young man. rapid accountant and
accurate, would like to hear from parties ln
need of good help; elegant Eastern references.
Address box 2002, Call office, Oakland.
CLERICAL work by an ex-naval officer;
wounds disable him to do manual labor;
would work for any reasonable salary. Box
2509, Call office.
COMPETENT bread baker of large j experience
would like position in bakery; references.
Telephone Main 5380. : . ';
TOUNG man, competent nurse and valet,
would like to care for invalid. Address box ;
28 8, Call office. j .
TOUNG man wishes position In a grocery and
saloon business or grocery alone; can give Al
references Box 897, Call office.
GOOD bookkeeper and office man seeks em-
ployment; first-class references. Address box :
7021, call office, Oakland.
CALIFORNIA Volunteer, age 23, wants posi-
tion with good business house. Address box I
898, Call office. J j
RELIABLE young Eastern girl for general
work and cooking or upstairs work; wages
$20. 221 Hickory aye., near Hays . ]
GOOD plain cook (Japanese girl) wants situa- j
tion in city family; has best i reference.
SATOW. 431 _ Stevenson st.
JAPANESE man and wife would do housework
by day. Address SASAKI. 521 Jessie st.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener de-
sires situation in private place; Can milk;
handy with tools: temperate habits;- good ref-
erences. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st.,
Oakland.
COACHMAN; Is a first-class all-round horse-
man; neat appearanoc and stylish driver: best
of city and San Mateo references. i Address
box 734. Call.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country* Commu-
nicate, with box 2271. Call office. :
CARPET cleaning wanted. HENRtf ANDER-
SEN, 952 Bush st. ; telephone East? 363.
BUTCHER— Good cutter and sales.than would
like employment. Address box 730. 'all.
A— MILK wagon driver; 3 years' city experl- .
ence on double team; good driver: 23; Al city
refs. Box 756, Call, or 1601 Sanchez, after
7 n. m. %•
WANTED— by good reliable jioung man
at window and house cleaning; $li 50 a day.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 9C3. j_ ■
YOUNG man thoroughly acquainted! with city
wishes situation to drive delivery wagon;
best of references. Address box i4S, Call.
GERMAN man and wife want to git work ln
a hotel or lodging-house; city of country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. AddreKi box 436,
Call office. •_
YOUNG man. 20 years of age, would like work
ln grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad- '
dress 1506% Franklin st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS,: '16 Grant.
YOUNG man wants labor work; inside pre-
ferred Box 252, Call office. rt
H
SITUATION wanted by goldsmith, ! practical
In all Its branches; able to tend; (business ;
married; would like steady position; city or
country. Address box 212, Call offlt'C-
A BRANCH office for Call advertlst'rhents and
subscriptions has been established lit 1096 Va-
lencia st. ! ;
■i n i
EXCHANGE. p
IN Berkeley— New house 5 rooms atid bath, ,
chlckej and washhouse; fine condition; value
$1600; will trade for city property: with or
without Improvement. Address box .'755. Call.
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for hor^e suitable
for mountain travel: must be yoiiig, sound
and good appearance. E. A., ({all office,
Oakland. ] -;
■_ —^ ____,
FINANCIAL. ;*
WANTED for cash— Old-line life i Insurance
policies. A T. KELLIHER, The i Raymond.
Oakland. j ;
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen I warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid And lined!
50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.
1310-ISH2 Stockton St.. nr. BroadwaY,
NEWLY furnished sunny flat, 6 {-boms and
bath: furniture for sale cheap for ,_Bh. Ap-
ply 12 Eddy St., between 10 a. m. e'r.d 5 p. m.
FURNITURE of five rooms, nearly new, cheap;
must sell on account of departure.? • 3232 13th.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, i with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11,3: Market.
FURNITURE 'WANTED,
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; hlgh-cst~p>rlce;
postal. COLEMAN, 1125 Mission st. ;
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— carpets, furnlture.eto.'; highest !
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln,llJ4 Market.
a ..-•-■*
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY corner modern flat to let; 4 bay-
windows; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; 3 minutes' walk
from Market and Valencia; moderate rent.
Apply 513 California, above Montgomery.
A SNAP— rooms, bath; cor. Jones St.; $9.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
A MODERN flat; 7 rooms and bath. 735 Ellis
St.; rent reasonable.
CAPP, 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-thlrd; 4 sunny flats; 5 "rooms, bath.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
FOR SALE; cheap; 3 good work mules. Apply
33 1 Noe st.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MINNA. 639 A. bet. Seventh and Eighth— A mod-
ern flat; 5 sunny rooms; bath; yard; basement.
PINE, 1228. near Hyde— Lower flat; 6 rooms;
yard; rent $16.
SCOTT, 1713— Flat 5 rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
SEVENTH, 454, corner Bryant s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between .1 and 3.
WILLOW, 210. above Van Ness— Flat; 4 rooms.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$20—5 LOVELY- sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
ASHBURY, 714— Lower sunny furnished flat of
6 rooms and bath; near Golden Gate Park.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines: 46x64 inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR, 21 First St.. San Francisco.
GOOD reliable agents wanted to introduce a.
25c article. 126 Kearny St., room 8.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED for country— Cook and helper, $30
and $15, same country hotel; cook for small
winter resort, $35; cook, small hotel, $25; 3
waitresses, country hotels, $20; Ironer for
hand laundry, $25, fare paid; 2 second girls,
short distance. $20 and $25; French girl, house-
work, no wash, 2 in family, $20; girls for
housework, Alameda, Oakland, Fresno, Santa
Clara, San Rafael, at $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— cook for nice family this
morning, $30; Scandinavian cook, $30; 4
Protestant girls for American city families,
$25; 6 young girls for second work in city, $15
and $20; nurse, sleep home, $15; 6 waitresses
for city. $_;, and $6 a week; 2 French second
girls, $20 and $25; German girl, housework,
2 in family. $25; second cook, $6 a week, for
coffee house; Ironers for laundry; a large
number of girls for housework in city and
country for both American and Jewish fam-
ilies, at $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
5 waitresses for first-class country hotel, $20
and free fare; 2 waitresses, same country
hotel, $20 each and free fare; chambermaid to
wait, country, $20; 10 restaurant waitresses,
$5, $6, $7 week; cooks, $40.
FAMILY ORDERS
Nurse girl, $20; companion and housekeeper
for old lady, country, $15; 5 second girls, $20;
and 40 girls for city and country, $15, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID, fare paid, country hotel, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, Institution, $35; 2 laundresses, same
place, $20 and $25, MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED — A neat girl for chamberwork and
waiting on table for small family In Berke-
ley; wages $20; see lady 11 a. m. at 513 Mc-
Allister St.. near Van Ness aye.
WAITRESSES, S hours $25, 6 hours $20; also
extra girls for coming week at extra pay.
Johnson's Creamerie, 725 Market st
WANTED— Scandinavian or German girl for
light housework; must be good cook. Apply
at 2623 California St.
WANTED— Chambermaid to take care of 20
rooms: $1 50 week and room; no board. Ad-
dress box 768, Call. 1...
FIRST-CLASS cutter on ladles' tailor-made
suits; must have reference. Address box
2SIO. Call.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework;
Email family. Apply 225 Laguna st.
WANTED GirI for general housework; plain
cooking. Apply at 2143 Larkin st.
WOMAN wanted for light housework and as-
sist in cooking. 2218 Geary st.
GIRL for light housework. 1755 A Howard st.
WANTED— for restaurant; $5. 6SO
Fourth st.
GIRL to assist ln light housework; sleep at
home; wages $1". 1315 I>aguna st.
ERRAND girl for millinery store. AARON,
211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for light second
work; wages $10. Appply 2418 Gough st.
GIRL to wait In restaurant kitchen; $10 per
month and board. 261S Mission st.
GOOD waitress. 1390 Turk St.; go to work at
9:30 o'clock.
WANTED— who understands plain
cooking. 5 Polk st.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chine* and will take ln several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR DAVIS.
IRONERS. IRONERS, IRONERS.
First-class ironers wanted at La Grande
Laundry. 12th, bet. Howard and Folsom;
highest wages paid. Apply at once at laundry.
APPRENTICES on shirt? and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
EXPERIENCED operator on Bonaz braiding
machine; also a few girls for finishing work.
121 Post st.. room 31.
WAITRESS wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI for housework In bakery;
wages $10. 2SOB Twenty-fourth st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; cooking. Apply 609 Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper. Apply 250
Third st.
GOOD finisher on pants; $9 a week. 104 Kearny
St., top floor.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole
makers wanted; custom work. 609 Kearny
St., room 2.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels; low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
HAIRDRESSERS and ventilators wanted.
COSGROVE. Hair Specialist. 1416 Polk st.
GIRLS to learn glove making and experienced
operators on French overstltch. 121 Grant ay.
WOMAN wanted to assist In cooking. 330 Main
street.
AN apprentice and skirt hand at MME. LI-
CHAU'S Dressmaking Parlors. 455 Geary st.
GOOD cream dipper; steady; good wages; retail
business. Address box 766, Call office.
WANTED— Good reliable woman for general
housework and cooking. Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell at.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc.,
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338
Fell at.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big commis-
slon: call this morning. Room 33, 26 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— 4 ladies who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones st., San Francisco.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenolast.
HELP WANTED —
BOY, Spanish preferred, who understands type-
writing and office work; state salary and age;
references. Box 726. Call.
FIRST-CLASS presser on vests; good wages.
718 Market st.
YOUNG man to learn dentistry. NEW YORK
DENTISTS. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Steveneon-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BARBER'S small shop; a bargain; good prices;
short hours. 603 Washington at. .
HELP "WANTED
MURRAY & READY........ PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
■;•'•; WANTED TO-DAY. 7 A. M
Help for Utah, Oregon. Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, Arizona, British Columbia,
all parts of California
4 milk wagon drivers, city
;•••••• $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
3 milkers, same dairy, country.. s2s and found
3 iron molders, city 2 bedmakers
BLACKSMITHS CARPENTERS
Jo carpenters, Shasta mountains $3 day
12 blacksmiths, horseshoers and helpers, $2 50,
$- day, $45. $50, $30 and found machinists
••••••TO THE FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC
12 harvest hands, fare $1..51 60 day and found
-6 farmhands {35. $30. $26, $20 and found
14 milkers .'430, $25 and found
12 choremen and boys... $15, $8 and found
" STABLEMAN. DRILLERS
12 stablemen $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
2o drillers, free fare $2 25, $2 50. $2 75 day
cornerman, benchhands, muckers, etc., wheel-
wrights, woodturners $3 day
•• HARNESS MAKERS
harness maker for a camp $35 and found
•■•; IN SAN FRANCISCO
95 laborers and teamsters, many to board
home, others with board, $2 day, $35, $30 per
month and board. Come and Bee us
.....687 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
5 farmers and wives; $ milkers and wives, $40
and found. MURRAY" &. READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
......GOOD WAGES GET GOOD HELP
25 laborers, no experience, fare 60c $60
12 laborers, fare $150 $60
18 teamsters, fare 75c $2 25 a day
25 4-horse teamsters $34 and found
164 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, wages $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75 a
day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
COOKS WAITERS OTHER HELP
14 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30, $25 and found
14 waiters. 1 head waiter.. s3o, $25, $20 and fd.
19 dishwashers.... s3o, $25, $20, $15 and found
9 porters, laundrvmen, coatmakers.
» BAKERS, ETC
6 bakers, small country shops, $40 and found;
12 second, third, fourth hands, $30, $25, $20,
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 38 SAWMILLS. ETC.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
197 MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT JOBS,
FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES.
Wages from $26 to $40 and found.
Also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers.
Tree fellers, bark peelers, jackscrewers,
Woodsmen and mill men of every descrip-
tion, $80, $75, $65. $50, $45, $40, $30 and found;
woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt mak-
ers, picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds.
WE SHIP MURRAY & READY,
TO-DAY 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 GOLD MINES.
4 SILVER MINES.
23 OTHER MINES.
25 miners.. $2 50 a day
184 laborers ("no experience wanted"), $57 per
month, including board and lodgings
25 laborers, fare $1 50. No. 1 mine $60
16 laborers, fare $2 50, No. 1 mine, $34 and
found: 27 laborers, large mine $63
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY R. R. BUT ONE
DRILLERS. STONEMASONS
Hammersmen, laborers, teamsters, section
help; wages from $3 50 day; board, bed. etc.,
$4 50 weekly
....(WE DON'T SHIP TO COAST R. R.)....
MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BARBER, $50. country shop. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
Valet for gentleman, references. $35 to $40: 3
pastry cooks and bakers for hotels, $50 to $75;
confectioner and cake baker, shop, $18 a
week: 10 cooks, 15 waiters. 20 dishwashers,
vegetablemen; barkeeper, $25 and found; col-
ored butler, $35 to $40; 3 bellboys, $15; eleva-
torman, $20; neat barkeeper. $u0 and board;
handy man with tools, $30 and found, country
hotel, steady place; 3 cooks for R R camp, $50
and $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st,
CARPENTER to frame tunnel timber, $3 50 a
day and free fare; 20 quarry laborers, coun-
try, $2 a day, free fare: 50 pick and shovel la-
borers, city and country, $2 a day; wheel-
wright, $40 and found; gang edger men, $65; 2
cabinetmakers, $2 50 a day; stonemasons,
$.1 50; tunnelmen $3 50, teamsters $2, laborers
$2, lor Valley road, free fare; carman and 6
laborers for gravel mine, see boss here; farm-
ers, milkers, men and wives. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE. ...COAST ROAD.... FEE
Teamsters, laborers: ship Monday and Tues-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND baker for nice country hotel near the
city, $30 per month and found; second cook,
country hotel, fare advanced, $35; cook and
wife for first-class mine, $45; office boy. $4
per week. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
LABORERS, teamsters, near the city, $1 25
per day and found; stableman ln city stables,
$30 and found; 4 miners, $2 25 per day; 5 la-
borers for mine, no experience required. $2
per day, and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
A MAN and wife, country. $40: woman must
be a good cook; see gentleman here at 8:30
a. m. to-day. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
TWO DISTRIBUTORS.
Apply at once at La Grande Laundry, Twelfth
st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
IRONERS.
Men and women ironers to work from 9 p. m.
till 2 a. m. good wages. Apply at once at
La Grande Laundry. Twelfth st., bet. How-
ard and Folsom.
WANTED— Steady man to collect and make
himself useful; light work; must be satisfied
with $15 per week and have $75 cash. Apply
1032 Market St., room 4.
EXPERIENCED young man between IS and 21
to take charge of cellar of crockery store;
references required. Call bet. 8:30 and 10 a. m..
108 Sixth st ______
WANTED— Active man for this community; $15
weekly; state age and former employment.
Globe Co., 723 Chestnut St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
TAILORS— makers wanted for places in
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts., San Francisco.
MACHINE edge trimmers and setters, trim-
ming cutter and bottom finishers. Wentworth
Shoe Co.. 119 Pine st.
WANTED— Cash boys at RAPHAEL'S, 9-11-
-13-15 Kearny st.
WANTED— Rushelmen at RAPHAEL'S. 9-11-
-13-15 Kearny st.
WANTED— Second cook. 1012 Battery st.
WANTED— Shoemaker at 3281 Mission St.; good
repairer; steady Job.
MAN and wife for fruit ranch on shares; no
children. 18 East st.
COATMAKER and general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
GOOD coat maker wanted. THOS. E. KENT
121 Post st., third floor.
BOY" to drive wagon, help ln grocery; wages $3
per week. Box ,895. Coll office.
BRIGHT boy to run passenger elevator; about
17. 40 Ellis st.
WANTED— A good barber; short hours. 509
California st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday
at 533 Valencia st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 3 Jackson st.
WANTED— HeIper on cakes. Apply at once,
2133 Fillmore st.
TAILOR wanted at 232 Montgomery avenue.
NIGHT clerk wanted at the Dewey House 32
East st.
WANTED— candy maker for whole-
Bale house. Apply SOS Front st.
NIGHT dishwasher. 1390 Turk St.; call at 8
o'clock.
BOY with some experience In grocery business;
German preferred. 633 Larkin et
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third at.
BOY Wanted. WILCOX & CO., 106 Battery st.
BARBERS' Protective' Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
YOUNG man used to drive milk wagon; ref-
erences required. JAMES KENNY, Silver
aye., near Mission road.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop at a bargain: cause
sickness; make offer. BERNARD, 104 Seventh.
YOUNG man to press on pants. 104 Kearny
st.; good pay.
2 FIRST-CLASS coat makers: also bushelman.
MIKKELSEN & BERRY. Berkeley. Cal.
SHOEMAKERS wanted at 202 Second st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GOOD coatmakers, basters and operators on
coats. 71S Market st. steady work: good pay.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought-
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ISGrant.'
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Errand boy about 16 years; $3 per
week. 211 Sutter st., room 4. *- »• •
I } 1 ! L ? I ££ . wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co.. 300 Post st, 7 p. m.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices. $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny at.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— Stableman. $35 and foundTmachln"
ist for country, $2 50 day; farmer and wife.
$35: errand boy, $4 a week; butcher boy, $15
and found; colored coachman, $20; neat young
inside servant. $20; farmers for Colusa Co.,
$26: Swiss milker and wife, $65. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— B quartz miners, $2 25, $2 50 and
$2 75 day: timber man for mine, $2 75 day; 5
laborers for mine, $26 and found and $2 day:
4 drillers, tunnel work, $2 25 to $2 75 day; 3
muckers, $2 day; 5 laborers, company work,
$1 25 day and board, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED Baker and pastry cook for miners'
boarding house, $40: cake baker, helper, $25;
oyster man and cook for country, $40 and
fare; cook, country boarding house, $40; res-
taurant cooks, waiters, dishwashers, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED CIerk, general merchandise store.
$40; superintendent for copper mine, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages-
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
ln 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush St., room 4, Third floor.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
— neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tei. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter Bt.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
REGULAR weekly auction "sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission St., between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke young
horses Just from the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57
Minna st., bet. First and Second.
FOR sale — Work horse. Apply at Horse
Clipper's 22 Golden Gate aye.; tei. South 342.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 224 GEARY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
27 rooms; near Kearny; clears $100 $1100
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $300 3500
48 rooms; good; present owner 7 years... 2500
40 rooms; best paying in city; Third st. .. 1400
15 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500
IS rooms; new and nice; near Market.... 1100
19 room-; best on Geary; make offer.
9 rooms; nr. University, Berkl'y; br'dg. 375
11 rooms; O'Farrell: clears $50 700
Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO.
WE have houses to suit the wants of buyers;
we do not advertise prices, but invite intend-
ing buyers to call and investigate our nu-
merous bargains we offer in houses; we loan
money to buyers at 2 per cent. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 1007% Market st., near Sixth.
$225— HOUSE, IS rooms; 3d St.. nr. Market: rent
. $40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
LODGING house; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 77714 Market st.
$400— HOUSE of 14 rooms; must sell this week
on account of sickness. 225 Mason st.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Nice cor. house; good
location; full; cheap; account retiring.
$650 House 12 rooms; Van Ness near Grove.
Address box 1348. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 .Montgomery.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. - -
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell St.. near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50— SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
6 ROOM house and bath. 729 Laurel aye., near
Turk and Buchanan.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL corner residence of 14 rooms, bil-
liard-rooms, etc., elegantly furnished; located
ln the most desirable portion of the Western
Addition, between Van Ness aye., Gough,
Ellis and Geary sts.: all sunny rooms: garden
and lawn front, sides and rear. DAVIDSON
& LEIGH, agents, 30 Montgomery st.
HOUSES WANTED.
A SUNNY" modern 9-room house for 3 adults;
carpeted and range: vicinity of Sutter and
Octavla sts. Box 896. Call,
LOST AND FO...VD.
LOST— 2 fox terriers; 1 black and brown head;
1 pup 4 months old; black tall; liberal re-
ward. 923% Mission st.
FOUND— stray cow. Call at 1211 Polk st.
LOST— Brindle greyhound. Return to 1618
Sanchez st.
MONEY to loan; quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladi^e^^hysTcl^r-T^onrul-
tatlon free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St., between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY' private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st.. has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWY'ER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet, Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 31S Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 22S Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market rt., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. .
MINES AND MINING.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
quartz mines for sale at low -figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds: purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground open
to location.; W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tei. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FINE sealskin Jacket, perfectly new, latest
style, for $110; cost $200. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye. ',
FINE singing canaries for sale cheap. 722
Hayes st.
FOR SALE Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hangers. 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS. 1613 Market st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
'. nTmsTTNG~englnes. 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
. HUihUAo to" machinery use on Eureka
110 cars and all ™ a _: A '£"f NEj 220 Fremont.
1 Breakwater. J. B. JA""'-' 1 " .
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
B MAN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
FRESH snowball S -''T. Carr" and all brand.
English fire brick.- fire clay. .™ c * jf" 3^- R '
CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.. tei. Main ws».
; SAFES-New and second t<***^ t ?g?%™£:
steamers, residences; portable , saT ety The
specie chests! bullion safes vaults etc. The
Waltz. Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal.
A - $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SIX h n e-asoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boller.^nglnl Krogli Co.. Stevenson st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash etc for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or. machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, ,M 6 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood Planers 12 and
24 In.; gas eng., 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams a
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. a. *
STONE, Elmhurst. .
WANTED— About 25 coffee and tea bins cheap.
Apply at Call office. ,
GOOD hunting dog and gun; must be cheap for
cash. 18 East st. —
WANTED— To exchange horses for pianos. 1517
Mission st. _____——
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tei. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 11$ Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good r.curity; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid ted tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ,
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor, Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me;ssoto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort- -*
gages ;estates tn probate, undivided Interests in "
estates. legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees; employ able counsel. Legal advice free-
by mail or at office, 214 Pine st., room 64.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, $46 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS on real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and
on furniture or pianos; no removal; in S. F.
or Alameda Co. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California St.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, Jewelry.stock: low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRY'DEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY" loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. *)
AS we are selling good upright pianos for *6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY' & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Chickering, Curtaz, Steinway, Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ) & SON, Chickerlng agents. 16-18-20
O'Farrell st.
BARGAINS for to-day at MAUVAIS, 769 Mar-
ket st: Upright piano for $100, $160, $175,
$250, $325.
FINE Decker piano ln walnut case; great bar-
gain; at MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
BARGAIN— Good upright ; cheap. SCHMITZ, IS
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano, cheap for cash.
Apply 2460 Market st., near Fifteenth.
A FINE Steinway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12, Flood building, 4th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
. .
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st., agent for '
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
A— sSs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St.. large-
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. .16 Geary St., above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. 11.
________ _
PERSONALS.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office. 317 Powell st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser— Halrdress-
ing, 25c: shampoo, 50c; switches, $1 up; mani-
curing, 23c; bleaching roots of hair, 50c- Ion?
hair. 75c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp!
softens and gives fine gloss to the hair- 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. -*-
CARPENTER SHOP ~
Estimates furnished on all kinds of work
roofing, etc. MUNRO & CO., tei. Jackson 629.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants $3 73;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1641
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winches
Hotel. 44 Third st - near Market: 700 rooms;
2.-.C to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition"^
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts
HAQUETtS" 1 *''** P " "' t0 U:3 ° P ' "*■ E '
, ' '
A o SH?J N buys cloth ins. bric-a-brac. tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 18S7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
FR - I GE^ b r^. 1 . d^- beads and Jewels made t;
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525. Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
MRSL.J.WHEELOciThas removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
I^ TING and P a Per hanging; rooms papered,
$2 dO up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china dec.-'
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
" L ~«-E. AR NG sewing machines: no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.PERSONALS.
MM' LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny St., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
MAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny St.
RUPTURE piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & I rterfteld, S3S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co., ha specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng. call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RI'PTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ah. Krny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. N'olte.
Jeweler. 24* O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents- The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, il per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST nnd fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country lew our specialty;
catalogue free. ''nl. Camera Co., -- Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
10211-. Market st . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Business property on Howard St.,
near Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See
Hew Drug Company, Alameda.
E-ROOM frame house for exchange for cigar
store. COWING & CO.. 985 Market st.
NEW house; must be removed account Santa
Fe railroad depot. 21 Bryant St.. near Main.
2 LOTS near Mission st., $600 cash or install-
ments; must sell. Apply at 1297 Folsom st
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
tall on W. J GUNN. -.:. Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$3500; WORTH $7000.
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose St.. in Fitchburk'; new building, con-
taining store, saloon. 7 rooms, all improve-
ments: in perfect order: fine garden; stable
and warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply en premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door: also branch office Call. Oukland.
LOVELY 1 cation; 36 acres; 34 miles from San
Francisco; many houses; flowing wells; or-
chard; on railroad, near depot; near Newark;
part credit. X. L.. box 900, Call.
1 - ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sis. open till 9 p. m.
A — 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 ln kitchen,
1 in bedroom; 510 per month. $2 66 per week;
furniture all new. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St., bet. First and Second^
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th st.— Three front rooms,
I furnished complete for housekeeping; cheap.
LAY. 2421, in rear, near Fillmore— - unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
IGHTH, 348, near Market— 'lwo sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and Bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping: private family.
LEVENTH, 120—3 sunny furnished rooms;
modern conveniences: $!i.
ELL.- 323—2 nicely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; also sunny parlor^
IFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
_________
OWARD. 649—2 large rooms for housekeeping,
with bath.
OWARD, Furnished rooms, from $1
week up; also housekeeping, $1 75 to $3.
IOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
HYDE, B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; reference required.
IF you' re short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
S.RKIN 326 — Clean, sunny housekeeping
apartments ;_sl6_to $25 month: central.
ASON, 219— Nice sunny rooms; housekeeping
privilege; centrally located; price reasonable.
IINNA, 2S— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms.
USSION. 1133— Bay window, three connecting
rooms, complete for housekeep'g; folding bed.
AX. 116— Newly furnished bay window suite;
single bay window room; use of kitchen;
gas: bath.
ACRAMENTO, Large and small rooms,
nicely furnished, clean, sunny; excellent lo-
cation; private house; gentlemen or light
housekeeping.
TENTH. 136— Bay window front room furnished
for light housekeeping.
THI D.816 Housekeeping rooms, Eingle or in
suite.
2 LARGE sunny rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; $1 75 per week, ii per month.
Apply at shoe store. 562 Mission, bet. Ist & 2d.
TWELFTH. 12"— Nicely furnished sunny front
and back parlor and kitchen: also a suite; gas
ranges: selyct locality; private family.
VAN NESS aye.. Complete for housekeep-
ing, 3 large corner rooms; sun all day; sta-
tionary tubs; fine yard.
VAN NESS aye., 706—2 sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas; stove; bath.
VAN NESS, 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenela st.
ROOMS TO LET Forn. and Unfurn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky •-. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new flre-proof building— "San
Antonio"; opening Oct 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; 11 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Fts.—
Homelike M«; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms EOc to $1 50 day. MRS, J. KING.
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3: single, $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT. -:••: Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished :nis.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124-Sunny rooms; $8, $10; bath, grate,
running water; grounds,
BI'SH, 2017. between Webster and Buchanan-
Large comfortable front room; very reason-
able.
lARROLTON. 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
LARA, 106, near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms; $6;
also 3 unfurnished rooms.
DDT. 123 States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House.— Nice rooms. 250
a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
LLIS. r,CB— Nice sunny rooms, back and front;
reasonable; gents preferred.
LLIS. 51*— Large sunny rooms, single or en
suite; everything new.
EARY. 4"5 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
OLDEN GATE aye., 1529-3 nice rooms, with
c arpet. pantry, bath, and water free; $14.
RAND SOUTHERN-Southeast cor. Seventh
and I Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
ANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming hcuse^ $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 7U4 — NTlce sunny corner furnished
room: suitable for dentist; also transients.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny roomsj nicely fur-
-Jllt.,l!liL 9very c °"V''nlence;- electric lights.
?H G IH S Hmi **- 2U Third-Newly "renovated;
toj^o perjiigl.^ $1 50 to $3 per week.
JESSIE, 373. nr. Market Furnished
rooms; $;, and T6.
i^S.^^' 1c 35-E!egantly furnished sunny
front rms.; mod. eonv.;_best location in city.
M i^, K } :^' lf '? 7, i-r;pworth-En'~su7.e or single;
ladles . gent s parlors, heated. $5 to $20 month
clean respectable; new management; light
j!£!i!l^lP!.?*J JL U £ l en with range; bath
McAllister, 412-Elegantl minny* room*! to
gentlemen; bath; Inquire first floor.
MCALLISTER. BlE^-NJcelyj furnished rooms to
let; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER Hg^^lceTTTurnlshed sunny
rooms; running water; $6 and $8. DU "»*
Mc A LLISTER. 702^unl^r7u7nlshed or un-
furnished rooms; suite or jingle: private fa u __
**£?£; J™ IT -Pshth-Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1150-Nicc sunny rooms; good loca-
tion; quiet and homelike.
MISSION. 1261A-N.ce sunny- parlor room; bath
gas. piano; new building; $10. ."?
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, Market-Large
bay-win, r.ms. and single, $5 up; also hkpg.
OAK. 385— Nicely furnished sunny room- nri-
vajj> family; gas; bath; cheap. 7~' ,v "
ROOMS TO — I urn. and Unfurn.
O'FARRELL, 321— NSJ^Pinny rooms, single or
en suite: gas. bath, modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 504— Nice Sunny rooms, single or
en suit-; all modern conveniences.
POLK, I— Nice sunny rooms in quiet house;
centrally located.
POST. 837 — Nicely furnished suite and double
parlor: hot and cold water.
SACRAMENTO. 1512— rent, unfurnished,
two large sunny alcove rooms, grate and run-
ning water; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 836 Corner alcove room overlooking
Jefferson square; sun all day; references.
TfRJ.. 601— Sunny room; private family; bath,
hot water; breakfast; gent's; ref. required.
TURK. 836— Elegant sunny rooms: private fam-
ily; all modern conveniences; ref. required.
VAN NESS, 438— Elegantly furnished rooms;
front nnd back; gas, bath; $5 up.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. --•*--
ROOMS WANTED.
FOUR rooms furnished for housekeeping, com-
prising 2 kitchens and 2 bedrooms: not over
$25; central and sunny. Box 894. Call.
WANTED— A large unfurnished room; alcove
preferred: with dinner for couple. Address
box 741. Call office.
»— —^— — — » — — — 7-7—^ ~—
j SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL klnas bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrins nt lowest rates 205 Fourth St.
STORAGE AMI HOUSES.
! CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of fire. '401 Post. cor. Powell: tei. Main 5713.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
Tainting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE » vate home in confinement; most rea-
sons! price in city. Mrs. M. PfeifTer, mid-
wife, .'l2 Folsom. nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tei. 5520.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots: also 1 chicken ranch;
Alameda, Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday, Oct. 21. at 2 p. m Do not fall to
attend this sale, as most of the places are
to be sold by order of the court. Particulars
in next week's papers. Send for illustrated
catalogue. Sale at J, A. MUNRO A CO., Auc-
tion House, 1517 and IT.' Park st. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0., Berkeley.
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree: a
lovely home of 7 rooms: all modern improve-
ments: near to cars and university; lot 50x135.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining P.
0., Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH. $S 50 monthly till paid, for chicken j
run; 150x256; sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land; site and climate the best;
no fogs nor cold winds; 3 buildings now com-
pleted; over 100 lots sold In ten days; West-
all Tract, adjoining East Oakland, near elec-
tric car line and 90-foot boulevard; not far \
from a fine school; price all told $590. Call or j
send for circular 455 Seventh st., near cor. j
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. I
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, bar 589
24th. inquire R. Frank'-. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE, i
i AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the i
] furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. I
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 72 (25c per
j share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
I oW.ce of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY, October 20. 1599. Trans- !
fer books will close on Saturday. October 14,
1599, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
j DIVIDEND Dividend No. 2 f2sc per
, share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
I and after MONDAY. October 16. lS9i>. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In th»
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporate upon its application for
1 a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex- !
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and I
place of business ln the city and county of I
San Francisco. State of California, has filed J
a verified application addressed to the Supe- j
rior Court of the city ana county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for '
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of raid application.
In witness wheiaeof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.]
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office Flood
Building, San Francisco, Cal., September 12, (
1899— Sealed proposals for erecting double
draw-span bridge, approaches thereto end i
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvale '
aye., near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 12 o'clock noon, November 14, 1899. j
Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEUER, Major Engineers.
HABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Tomaso de Cindlo and Maria C. Crosara.. .34-36
Anthony Oswald and Adelheid Ehrenwerth. 2s-19
C. G. Strippcl and Charlotte T. Helzman.. 33-28 j
Ermlnlo Blgglo and Louisa Varni 24-24 '
J. 11 A. Jantzen and Johanna M. C. Horn. 37-38
Pierre Arrlen and Marie Tresarrleu 26-25 j
; Franklin Palmer and May McKlnney 34-29
Herbert L Daltr.ll and Meta C. Alberg....
! John F. McMurray and Bertha M. Naf 26-21 |
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS. |
BOBN.
FRANK— San Pablo, September 26, 1899, to i
the wife of A. Frank, a daughter. ,' .* -.:
FOGG— In this city, October 11. 1899, to the wife I
of L. F. Fogg, a daughter.
JACOBS— Alameda. October 8, 1599, to the \
wife of Al Jacobs, a son.
KINSPEL— In this city, October 9, 1899, to the I
wife of H. Klnspel of Bakersfleid, a son.
_— _-_—
MARRIED.
MoCOLLOUGH— DAY— In the Lone Tree Dis-
trict, near Hollister, October 11, 1899, by the
Rev. J. W. Bryant, Eugene McCollough and
Nellie Day.
MEYER— BERNARD— this city, October 11,
1899, by the Rev. A. B. J. Brown, Jerome
Meyer and Frederique Bernard, both of San
Francisco.
O'BRIEN— DYER— In this city. October 9, 1599, !
by the Rev. Father Ryan, Smith O'Brien and
Emily M. Dyer, both of San Francisco.
NORTON-RUSSELL— Ashland, Or.. Octo-
ber 11. 1*99. at • the residence of the bride's j
parents. Burt M. Norton of Napa, Cal., and |
Margaret Annah Russell, daughter of Rev. ]
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13. ' 1899.
A. M. Russell of Ashland. Or.. Rev; Robert
Leslie of Grants Pass, Or., offlciatifg.
DIED. tt •
Bryant, William P. Logan, John A.
Carrick, Mary Martin. Berrt*rd
Cllls. John W. Rice, Mary (J i
Daneri. Luigl Richardson. Ellen
Duggan, Clarence S. Shaughnessy.iJMartln
Duperu. Numa M. Yon Bremen, -Henry
Fitzsimons, Cornelius Weldon, Thoi*iiis
Fuchs, Joseph Whitaker. Lejfcra E.
Lahey, Michael Williamson, «u>hala
Lastreto, Luca -.[\l S :;
BRYANT— this city, October 12, ljw. Wil-
liam Perry Bryant, dearly beloved scjii of Dr.
William August and Louise A. Bryant, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year fSmonthl
and IS days. ;'j
tETFuneral from the residence '[of the
parents, 820 Sutter street, this day (Friday),
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment private, -t :
CARRICK— this city, October 11. lS9if. Mary,
wife of the late Thomas Carrick. and- r.iother
Of Bart, Thomas and Bella Carrick And Mrs.
P. Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged _) years.
C_?"The funeral will take place tins day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her IAfO resi-
dence, 42 Indiana street, thence to ,i*t The-
-1 '.-as Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose .of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private, Holy Cross Cemetery. X j
CILLS— In this city, October 12. 1899, 3ohn W.
• ills, beloved husband of Carrie CRTS, : a na-
tive of Jersey City, aged 67 years, ji
DANERI— In this city. October 11. 183£.- Luigl
Daneri, beloved husband of Jennler;Danerl,
and father of William, Amelia and Laura
Daneri, a native of Italy, aged 42 years.
DUGGAN In this city, October 11. lap, Clar-
ence Spencer Duggan, dearly beloved son of
Charles and Lucy Duggan, grandson Of Cath-
erine and the late George Clarke, and nephew
of William White, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 6 months and 9 days. j- •
(CFrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Friday*, at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 15 Vallejo street. Ir.erment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Open wide are the silvery gates ;*:
That lead to the shining shore. :
Our darling suffered hard in getting through,
But his sufferings now are o'er.
DUPERU— In this city, October 11, 189) Numa
Mauffray Duperu, father of Eliza R. Uuperu,
Mrs. John H. Spring. Mrs. A. J. Chlmberlln
and Angelo R., Redlck McK. ami Alphonse
M. Duperu, a native of Norfolk, V ... aged
84 years 7 months and 3 days. '■
B_-TFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day 'Jlriday),
et 12 o'clock, at the family residence, 900
Lombard street. Interment private f
FITZSIMONS— this city. October 11. 1899,
Cornelius J., beloved son of Patrick and
Maria Fitzsimons, and brother of Liaaie and
Mary Fitzsimons. a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 3 months. ';
C_?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at » o'clock, from the -It^idence
of the parents, 513 Scott street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a sob-inn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing ; ut 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ciraetery.
Please omit flowers.
FUCHS— In this city. October 12, 1899. Joseph
Fuchs, a native of Germany, aged years 7
months and 28 days. A member of th«» Sued
Deutscher Verein.
E.7" Remains at the parlors of H. F, Maass.
; 917 Miss in street, near Fifth. tl •
LAHEY In this city, October 11. 1599, : Michael
Lahey. a native of Ireland, aged 411 years.
(Uoston papers please copy.) '
C"'Tb-:' funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
I J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I LASTRETO— In this city, October 11, WW. Luca
Lastreto, beloved father of Mrs. 11. ,T._rerazzi
I and Anita Lastreto, a native of Italy, aged
1 62 year. 4 months and 25 days. iCfciaveras
( and Tuolumne papers pleas-- copy.) ;
Friends and acquaintances arc (respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock; at the
parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler, tit Wash-
ington street. Interment private, . Mount
Calvary Cemetery* Please omit flowers.
LOGAN— At the Presidio. October 11. ■-■.<:). John
A. Logan. Troop L. Fourth Cavalry, a na-
tive of San Jose., Cal., aged 23 years 11
months and 14 days.
MARTIN— In this city, October 11. ISD3. Ber-
nard M;<rtin, a native of Utlca, N. v .. agea
7' years.
i RICE -In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 12. 1899. Mary G. Rice, a native of Ire-
land, aged 39 years. ■;>
RICHARDSON this city, October F. 1899,
Ellen Richardson, dearly beloved mother of
Abbie Richardson, and sister of Mi Thomas
Connelly, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 46 years. : '
CTTht! funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of the Gantner A Guntz Under-
taking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mission
Street, l>etween Third and Fourth, fr.f serv-
ices, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. October li), 1899,
Martin, beloved son of Martin an.' Ann
Shaughnessy, and brother of Mlchae,,' John,
Joseph, George and Willie Shaughnessy and
Mrs. John Mullen, a native of San Frsfaclsco,
aged 22 years 3 months and 4 days. :• '
Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 12 Chenery street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mas: will be
celebrated for the repose of his soulj com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ; ~'-.'i '"..■
YON BREMEN— this city. October 11, 1899,
Henry yon Bremen, a native of Germany,
aged 36 years and 11 months.
C_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to morrow
(Saturday), from the parlors of Julius S.
Godeau, 306 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
\ WELDON— In this city, October 11. 1899,
Thomas Wesley, dearly beloved husband of
Frances Weldon, and father of Henry W.
Weldon, Mrs. AlpheUS Duffee and Arthur V.
Weldon. a native of Dorchester, N. B. aged
60 years 4 months and 19 days. (Portland,
Me., and Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 263 Lexington avenue, under the aua-
pices of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5, ' K. of P. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WHITAKER— In this city. not., her 11. 1899,
Laura Edith, beloved wife Of Alfred E. Whit-
aker, and mother of Alfred and Alfreda
Whitaker and Mrs. Edward Wagner of
Washington, D. C, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y.
WILLIAMSON— In Berkeley, October 12. 1899,
Mahala Williamson, a native of New York,
aged St years 11 months and 15 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Filth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South _<fc
~mmmm.mmm*amimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMummmmmmMmMmr
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 318
Mason fctreet, bet. Geary' and O'Farrell
- streets. Telephone Main 5213.
mmmAmmwmwmmmtacnmmmmtmmmmWmmmmmmmmmmTmmmmmmm
mcrtvov &. Co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. |
Telephone South 247. . - I
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E P Ferguson, Clnn |Mrs A January, 8 Jse
J L Cottle & w, S Jose J H Blagrave & w,
D M Rus.'.oll. Oakland Weaverville
H D Aiibrlght, Oaklnd J Becker, Seattle
A Seadorf, Butte ;w C Robinson, N T
F H Hardwlck, Seattle L Spltzer & w, H Jose
W H Hughes, San Jose C Schuyler. Manila
W J Hinckley. Manila J F Sohllngman & w,
I I Brlggs Manila ; Mill Valley
W S Davis, S Rosa W I. Rodgers, Watsnvl
II I Tripp. Santa Rosa W W 10-tehum, Chcgo
A W Arnold, Sta Rosa D R Weller, Los Ang
J R Benn'.s, Denver .Miss F Foster Salinas
V. J Perry. Denver |E L Webber, Napa
W H Butz, Carlisle |W W Orcutt, t-'nolinga
F M Smith. VacavillejMrs W Black, llollistr
D H Held, Sacto Miss Johnson, llollistr
W O Watson, S Jose M Lewis Jr & v», Moa-
O Woodward, S Island terey
J L Kilkenny & w.Cal'j w Holman. Portland
J T Gregory. Rockdle T H Harding, Seattle
L R Prince. Boston R A Ballinger. Seattle
Mrs Stevenson. Carson i A H Stlnson &w.S Js
W E Smyt.he. StandlshlJ L Beecher Jr, Stktn
G A Dougherty, Blnas C Stettler. Dayton
J P Mitchell. Denver G r. Harber, Los Ang
C Perkins, Petaluma W J Quinn, Fresno
A W Wilson & w. Sac N Nelson & w. Chcgo
J E Reed, Boston J Craig & fm, I.ighlnd
J M Elliott. Boston j Springs ;'
C Teague. Fresno
J II Gardiner. R Vista Mr Ockenden & w, De
-• Durr, Santa Ana i trott
•: / PALACE HOTEL.
F Schoenstedt. L Ang .7 C Flanders, Portlnd
Mrs Schoenstedt, L A Miss M L Flanders Pd
A Atherton, Boston T B Oliver, N Haven
Mrs C Austin. S Rfel Mrs <_ Clark, Stockton
J C Boss, Manila T J Budd, Phllldelphla
W L Hill, Butte Mrs Budd, Philadelph
J J Deeming USA H M Merriam, Chcgo
F Comnilns, Sausallto|W W Bush, U S N
R J Northam. L Ang Mrs A Randolph. Tcsn
Mrs G Woodward, N Mrs S Heath Spokne
S Brill, NY 1' 11 Blades, Los Ang
G G Wyeth. N V Mrs Blades. Los, Ang
8 Heath. Spokane W II Markin, BO
C B Weeks. Mich L Manhelm, N V
.7 Q Stokes. NY ,R'J Chase. lowa
II Glass, Ltlba B IsldiA Karnauke. Gcrmny
Mrs Glass Lilba B IslE F Brlttlngham NY
Miss Glass, Lllba B Is H S Sears, Boston
Lieut Goldwater L A M F Russell, Boston
Mrs Goldwater, L Ang Mrs W J Young Pa
Mrs Kohl. S Mateo Mrs P E Pierce 'Pa
Miss Kohl. San Mateo J P Smith, Livermore
W H Ryan, N V | ™
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
*. O Slummons. Ohio Miss B Nordberg, Or
t. Hughes, Denver 11 Gabriel, Oregon
«V G Barlow I, Ang I A Cragg & w. Mo
rapt Smith. Seattle . p Burrows & w. Ohio
H Denham. Seattle ii B Phlpps, L Ang
aII Dawson. Manila F R Bright, Manila
R J Ross, Manila \V Plerson, Chicago
r F Ring, Missouri i/_ R Moulton, Seattle
ft Grlffln, San Diego • D Dunlap, Seattle
W Ray, Portland
MAY SUE BOARD
OF SUPERVISORS
No Returns for Money
Expended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— The Supervisors 01
Santa Clara County will shortly be asked
to refund $800 to the county out of their
private purses for funds which, it is al
leged, were practically thrown away on
an unpublished special edition of a local
paper. The Taxpayers' League, which is
keeping a strict watch on county affairs,
is said to have the matter in hand.
Furthermore, it is proposed to ask Super
visors Stern, Rea, Roll and Austin to pay
into the county $200 each, and if it in not
done the matter will be laid before the
next Grand Jury.
On July 24 last H. H. Main, then pro
'' prietor of the Evening Herald, appeared
before the Board of Supervisors and
' asked for an appropriation of $1200 to aid
in getting out a special edition adver
tising the resources of Santa Clara Coun
ty. The board voted him $800. At the
> time negotiations were pending by which
Charles M. Shortridge was to become
owner of the Herald. On August 3
1 Main's claim for $800 was allowed. Super
visors Rea and Stern, of the Auditing
i Committee, signing the claim. Main
drew the money but made no attempt
i to get out a special edition and none was
ever published. Supervisors Roll, Austin,
Rea and Stern were present at the meet
ing when the Herald was allowed the $800
and all voted In favor of the appropria
; tion.
The opinion is exnressed that the four
Supervisors voting away this money can
i be held responsible, as no special edition
lof the Herald was ever Issued. Steps are
: to be taken to have the money refunded
j to the county.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
New Assignments of Army Officers
and Issuance of Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 12.-Th©
i Postoffice Department has accepted the
: bid of H. E. Wright for postoffice ac
commodation at Hanford, Cal., for $300
per annum.
Army orders— Marshall W. Wood,
San Francisco, will proceed to Jefferson
Barracks to relieve Major Joseph B.
Girard, surgeon.
By direction of the Secretary of War
: Major Folliot A. Whitney, Sixth Infantry,
, will be relieved from recruiting service
in New York city on October 15 by Major
Daniel Cornman, and will then proceed to
San Francis. ...
The following named officers are re
lieved from recruiting duty and will pro
ceed to San Francisco: Captain James M.
Arrasmith, Thirteenth Infantry; Captain
Benjamin W. Atkinson, Sixth Infantry,
and First Lieutenant Frederick W. Fuger,
; Thirteenth Infantry. Captain John
Adams Perry, Thirteenth Infantry, and
Captain Robert W. Dowdy, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry. Second Lieutenant Ed
ward O. Perkins, Twenty-ninth Infantry,
will proceed to South Framingham, Mass.,
i and report in person to the commanding
: officer, Forty-Sixth Infantry.
Pension for Californians. Original—
David A. Kughen, Burbank, $6. In
crease John Yates, San Diego, JS to SlO.
Oregon. Original— David Taylor, Ash
land, $10.
Washington. Increase— Cornelius T.
Cowan, Plaza, $6 to $8.
PLEA FOR PARTY SOLIDITY.
Reichstag Members Address the So-
cialist Conference.
HANOVER, Oct. 12.— At to-day's session
of the socialists' conference Herren Aver
and Wallmar, members of the Reichstag,
made speeches in which they sought to
arrest the separatist tendency arising
from the divergence of opinion respecting
the theories of socialism and appealed
to their hearers to recognize the necessity
for party solidity.
Both speakers, while to some extent
defending Bernstein, announced their in
tention to support Herr Bebel's resolu
tion of October 10, declaring that the
party shall remain what it is, namely, a
Class party, of which the historical aim
is to acquire political supremacy, and
that there is no reason why the party
should alter Its programme, tactics or
name.
OFFICERS ESCAPE CENSURE.
Cruiser Newark. Court of Inquiry
Report Reaches Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.— report of
the court inquiry which investigated the
circumstances under which the cruiser
Newark exhausted her coal and was for a
time in peril in the Straits of Magellan
has been received at the Navy Depart
ment and Is under examination. The in
quiry was had at the Mare Island Navy
Yard, and although the result has not yet
been made public officially it Is gathered
that the court found that no further pro
ceedings were necessary beyond the Issue
of an order to commanding officers to take
special care and ascertain the exact state
of their coal bunkers before going on long
voyages.
MONTEREY RED CROSS.
Annual Meeting of the Society Held
at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 12.— The Red
Cross Society of Monterey and Pacific
Grove held its annual meeting at this
place. An executive committee composed
of the following persons was elected:
Miss Margaret Jacks, Mrs. E. S. Gay,
Mrs. M. M. Gragg, Miss V. A. L. Jones,-
Mrs. W. W. James, Miss B. Bickford,
Mrs. J. A. Pell. Mrs. E. A. Fish, Mrs.- J.
P. Sargent, Mrs. Manuel Wolter, Mrs. F.
Zimmerman, Mrs. P. G. Dennlnger, Rev.
H. S. Snodgrass, Mrs. A. W. Jones, Mrs.
B. A. Early, Mrs. R. A. Frame and Mrs.
Julia Herndon. This committee then elect
ed its officers, who are also the officers
of the society. The society elected Miss
Margaret Jacks as its delegate to the an
nual meeting of the California Red Cross
State Association, to be held at San Fran
cisco on October 17.
WILLIAM WARD BECK DEAD.
Was a Sacramento Merchant in the
Days of Gold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 12.— William Ward
Beck, a pioneer in the California trade, is
dead at his home in this, city, aged 80
years. During the California gold fever
he went West and established a mercan
tile business in Sacramento. Some years
later he moved to New York and con
ducted a shipping and commission busi
ness between this city and California. He
retired from active business life about
twenty-five years ago.
FAIR AT SANTA CRUZ.
Annual County Display Will Be Very
Creditable.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 12.— County
fair which opens at the Armory next
Tuesday evening promises this year to
be a big affair. Exhibits from all parts
of the county have been sent in. —
There will be very fine floral, agri
cultural, horticultural and vltlcultural
displays.
San Jose Odd Fellows.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— The various lodges
of Odd Fellows of Santa Clara County
have completed arrangements for par
ticipating in the Odd Fellows' golden
jubilee celebration, opening at San Fran
cisco on October 18. They will leave here
Thursday morning, 500 strong, accom
panied by a band. Headquarters will be
maintained in the Mechanics' Pavilion,
where visitors will be entertained. The
Rebekah lodges will also participate in
the celebration.
Argument in Terrill Case.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— Testimony in the
case of S. B. Terrill, charged with forg
ing a mortgage, by means of which he
defrauded H. J. Hawke out of $400, is
all in and argument began to-day. Deputy
District Attorney Coolidge opened.for the
prosecution and was followed by H. L.
Partridge and Jackson Hatch for the de
fense. To-morrow District Attorney
Campbell will close and the case go to
the jury. .v7frg
SUPERIOR JUDGE
MAY RESIGN
F. M. Angellotti Tires of
His Office.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 12.— A rumor which
has been in circulation for several days
past that Superior Judge F. M. Angellotti
would shortly resign his seat on the
bench to fill the vacancy at the bar
caused by the death of Attorney Hepburn
Wilkins received authentic verification
this evening. The resignation will prob
ably take place within two weeks and it
is understood that ex-District Attorney
E. B. Martinelli will be appointed to the
Superior Judgeship.
Attorney Wilkins filled a peculiar posi
tion in local legal circles and had an
extensive practice, his income being very
large.
Judge Angellotti's salary is $4000 a year,
and as he is deemed the, only logical
candidate for the deceased lawyer's
clientele it will easily be seen that a
resignation at this time means consider
able to him along financial lines. It is
definitely known that a few days ago
Judge Angellotti, Attorney Martinelli and
one or two others held a conference look
ing to a resignation. While such a move
on the part of his Honor is admitted on
all sides to be both logical and expedient
there are many who doubt if his physical
constitution will be strong enough to
stand the added confinement and mental
change inevitable to the change. Judge
Angellotti has twice beer elected to the
office he now holds and his second term
will not expire until 'January 1, 1900.
Previously to his Incumbency as Superiot
Judge he was District Attorney.
Ex-District Attorney James W. Coch
rane Is also said to be in the race for
the Superior Judgeship.
Judge Angellotti, -when seen last night
at the Occidental Hotel, would neither
confirm nor deny the rumor, saying that,
at the present time, he preferred not to
discuss the matter in any way whatever.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alexander and Alice M. Warner to Peter J.
and Katherine Cheli, lot on N line of Lombard
street, 101:6 V. E of Octavla, E 25 by N 137:6;
$10.
Dennis and Mary Jordan to E. H. Bothin, lot
on W line of Webster street, 47:4 S of Grove,
S 62:8 by W 97:6; $10.
,W. Cohen to Leopold Hlrsch. undivided one
half of lot on N line of Sutter street, 71:6 W
of Scott, W 33 by N 100; $10.
Estate of Elijah Lord (by James Gorie and
Robert McLcllan. executors) to William A.
Field, lot on W line of Baker street. 51:2>,i N
of Sacramento, N 25:6 by W 102:6; $3351.
John J. Scrivner (by 1.. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on NW corner ol Twentieth and Guerrero
streets, N 76:6 by W 104:10: $7200.
Hannah J. Hagaman (Hunt) to John J. Hunt,
lot on W line of Sanchez street, 64 N of Clip
per, N 60 by W 101:9; gift.
Blanche L. Weems (wife of J. P.). Jean M.
Taylor (wife of J. I.) and Francis E. Burtis
(wife of R. W.) to Robert E. and Eliza E.
Dickinson, lot on n\v line of Mission street,
275 XX of Fourth, NE 30 by NW 160; $10.
John J. Bourke and Emily A. Bourke (Smith)
to Sophie E. Chaquette. lot on NW line of
Perry street, 350 NE of Fifth, NE 25 by NW 7.",; .
$10.
Clara M. and W. A. Richardson to Leonard i
J. and Catherine D. Gates, lot on R line of Cal
ifornia street, ii9:l 3-12 I. of Second avenue. E
23:0 5-12, S 62:4 26-96, W 22:11 1-3, N 61:2 15-96;
$10.
Mary D. Morrison to Solomon Getz, lot on E
line of Ninth avenue, 225 N of X street, N 25 by
E 120: $10.
Daniel Grotty to M. J. Ward, lot on W line of
Forty-second avenue, 100 S of R street, S 50, W
120, S 75, W 120, N 125, E 240; $10.
James McLester to Mary Glavin, lot on E
line of Moultrie (Minot) street, 25 S of Eugenia
avenue, S 25 by E 70, being lot 254, Gift Map 1;
$10.
Jennie Lewis to. Bernard Trebecq, lots 1 and
2, block 28, Sunnyvale Homestead Association,
110 on Vlsitacion avenue and 72 on Sawyer
street: $10.
Mary A. Rodgers and Teresa J. Loughran,
Wife of Frank P., to James L. Rodgers, undi
vided one-third of lots 320, 322. 324, 326 and 419,
Gift Map 3; $10.
Hazel S. Chandon to Charles Mllly, lot on W
corner Tenth avenue and M street, NW 100 by
SW 100, . being block 209. Central Park Home
stead (quitclaim deed); $5.
Alameda County.
Frank and Bridget Green to Maggie B. Nelan,
lot on W line of Brush street. 50 S of Seventh,
S 75 by W 75, being lots 17, IS and 13, block 97,
Oakland; $1".
Same to same, lot on S line of Seventh street,
100 W of Brush, W 25 by S 100, being lot 13,
block 97, Oakland; $10.
Joseph P. Rohrbach to Augusta Rohrbach,
lot on SW corner Fifth and Magnolia streets,
W 33:3 by S 106:6, being lot 31, block 476, Brlggs
Tract. Map 2, Oakland: $10.
Henry A. Palmer to L. G. Cole, lot on S line
of Walnut street, 150 E of Peralta. E 150 by S
80, being lot 1. block 3. Pacific Homestead, Oak
land; $5.
L. G. Cole (by attorney) to J. M. Bartlett.
lot on SE corner of Walnut or Twenty-second
and Franklin streets, S 160 by E 20». N 60, W
100, N 100, W 100 to beginning, being portion
of block 3. Pacific Homestead. Oakland: $10.
Johanna Doneks to M. Rinehart, lot 4, block
A, Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract at Tem
es'cal, Oakland: $10.
J. P. Rohrbach to Augusta Rohrbach, un
divided M; Interest ln lot on NE corner of Dal
ton avenue and Green street. E 140 by N 155.
I em;: lot 90 and portion of lot 91. block 5,
Maxwell Tract. Oakland Township: 810,
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Frances Jackson, the E '•_ of lot 215, in plat 12,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $22.
Builders' Contracts.
Rafaele Demoro (owner) with L. B. Perra
mont (contractor), architects E. Depierre &
P. Rlghettl— All work except mantels, gas
fixtures, water and gas services for two two
story frame buildings (flats) on lot on S line
of Union street, 87:6 E of Leavenworth. 50x120;
$7525. ,
E. W. A. Waterhouse (owner) with G. H.
Moore (contractor), architects Copeland &
Pierce— Lumber, labor, carpenter, mill work,
tinning, galvanized Iron, lathing and plaster
ing, stairs, brick and concrete work, excava
tion, glass and glazing, plumbing, gas fitting
and sewers for a two-story frame building, with
basement and attic, on lot on N line of Clay
street, 172:6 E of Cherry. E 3:., N 137:4 and
29.165 of an inch, NW 35:3 9.11. S 142 37.165,
Western Addition lot 544: $6500.
William L. Hughson (owner) with same con
tractor, architects same— Same work for a two
story frame building, with basement and attic.
on lot on N line of Clay street. 137:6 E of
cherry E 35, N 142 97.165, NW 35:3 9.11, S
146:9%, 'Western Addition lot 844; $6500.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. October 12.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Oct 12— Stmr Walla Walla,
hence Oct 8. •', .-.■<. ■'■■"" •- ', ;'■•-';
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Cottage City, for Alaska.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Pau1. ...... ..0ct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. lSlFriesland Nov. 8
Kensington Oct. 25 Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland .......Nov. li Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^-£j».
Sailing every Thursday instead of i^f ip *>
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at --^ra*
10 a. m. from Pier 18, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE, Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE, Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45; 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., .
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Liverpool, England, on the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1898, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 81,799.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,622,350 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,602,593 75
Cash in Company's offlce 2.2t. 06
Cash in banks 783, 23 52
Interest due and accrued on Loans.. 198 03
Interest due and accrued on Bond 3
and Mortgages 43,768 21
Premiums In due Course of Collec- *
tion 827,629 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 21,950 07
Total Assets 88.T0.681 65
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....' $17,674 27
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 500.965 99
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 46,950 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rlskn run-
ning one year or less, $3,023,234 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent L 617 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,067,-
-776 54; reinsurance pro rata 2,054,152 27
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fre insurance policies 323.552 66
Liability under other departments... 92,271 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany 310.15170
Total Liabilities $4.857,665 56
INCOME. ~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $4,979,422 14
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 156,343 42
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 103,332 02
Received for Rents 61.639 62
Total Income $5.300.737 20
i EXPENDITURES. ■
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $398.7 "i 70, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,876.293 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 922,658 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 331,400 41
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 136.906 2.
All other payments and expenditures 334,802 88
Total Expenditures $4.602. 87
Risks and Premiums. [Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $777,675,892 $6,602,676 74
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 826,066,155 7,400,466 17
Net amount in force
December 31, IS9B 845.071.329 7.091,010 75
H. W. EATON. Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT, Dep'y Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th :
day of January. 1899.
W. H. WILDEY, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Ccast Steamship Co.
»fcv Steamers leave Broadway
jF*Y ,^*k- wharf, San Francisco.
Iff*&y«l»^ * r< -' r Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
I ¥ #$*iS*?il ! B_P- ° ct - 3 - s - 13 - 1S - 23 - 2S; Nov -
* ftWv 6feis V=-v?> '■ change at Seattle.
1 £'Fw4S3 vAa For Victoria, Vancouver
. fiHl.iW^-^1 (B - c ->» Port Townsend, Se-
J'*^^*"iM ettle, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom I
(Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8. j
18, 18, 23, 28: Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle !
to this company's steamers for Alaska and |
G. N. Rv. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ""
For Eureka i Humboldt Bay), 2 p. rt... Oct.
6. 11, 16. 21. 26. 31; Nov. 5 and every flfth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, ii a. m., Oct. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 27, 31;
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a
m., Oct. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29; Nov. 2. and every .
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del j
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each I
month.
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change ;
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates i
and hours of selling.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Arts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Po»nr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC $12 First Class Including Berth
IMIIL $8 Second Class And Meals. ,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Oct. 5, 15, 25
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR- i
ncr of First and Brannan streets, 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for i
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day i
of sailing. |
AMERICA-MARU Saturday. Octoher 14 i
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday. November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For '
freight and passage apply at company's office !
121 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Pm¥ IB Th S. S. Australia
WjafiSSfgl. sails for Honolulu
lib ■ "™ Wednesday, October j
S -^ 18, at 2 p. m.
OmTA'CS s - S. Moana sails j
3Pi.lliSlilD<J v,a Honolulu and
CyiWIIUIIIU Auckland for Sydney
(sRlß(lPth aT i0 ne p Bd m: N ° V " *• !
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, :
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, !
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomen i
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. FreiphtOfnc..327 Market St. '
' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISB9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—^iOO, *9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; '1:45
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R a -
lael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
it 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, •10:00. «11:30 a. m.; »115
1:15, *4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. '
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »6:35, 7:45. »9:40 a. m. '• I
'12:80. 2:15, '3:40, »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, '10:00. »U:45 a. m. - i
'1:40, *3:15, 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
Trainß marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. !
WEEK DAYS— S:46, 6:45. 7:55, 9:45 a. m.: !
12:35. 2:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, 2:30,
i:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days — Caaadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and vay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
RAILROAD TRAVEI*.
MCWBM l»AC!IFI« COMPANY.
(pacific svsir.M.) |Bfi§§
Train* leave Bad are «4ii« n> arrive nt
SAN rKARCUMW.
(Slain Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Octobeb 2, 1899. — arritb
•7:00\ Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento *5:45p
»-::<M>a Marysville, Oroville and Redding via
Woodland **•**
«7:«<»a raruira, Vacavillo and Rumsey •S:3or
•7::»Oa Martinez, Sanßaruon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga ami Santa Rosa •6:l.'>r
■SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kiist.. *U:I.»A
•&::i»a .Sim ,]_«•. Livermore, .Stockton.
lone. Sacrain.uto, Placervillo, - i
MarvUvili... Chico. lied 8ind...*... '-IjlSf
•H-.«Oa •Milton, Oakdaleand fSonora ♦■_:.. Ip
•9:O0a Haywar.la, Nilea and Way Stations. •1I:13a
•U:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Meraedand Fresno »12:13p
»U:«(»A Fresno, Uakerelielil, .Santa lUrhara,
Loa Angelea, Dealing, EI Prso,
New Orleans and East •6sB.'Jr
•IO:OOa VhII- Jo, Martinez anil Way Stations •7:1.1_'
"11 :<>«.. Haywards. Nilea and Way Stations. # 2:-13p
•12:00.1 Nilea, Liverniore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Men lota, Hanford, Visalia,
r: "rviiie M.lilp
tl:OOp Sacramento liiver Stemners f»:OOp
•a:OOp Haywarda, Nilea and Way Stations. *»:45p
*4>oOp Martinez, San Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa, C&llntog*. Santa Ron •otl3a
•8:O0p Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Hand. Knights Lauding,
MaryarlUe, Oroville «10:43*
•4iilOp Niles, Jose and Stockton '"rlSp
*3:OOrTlio Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
UakerKlleld. Saugns for Santa Bar-
bara, Loa Angeles •9:45 a
•3::»0p Stockton, Merced, Frcano...... »12:13p
•3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and l.os Angeles •8:43 a
•3:30p Santa Fe Konle, AtlanUo l'Upresa
for Mojave and East ' *0:43p
•6:OOi- Chicago-San Francisco Special, Og.
den and I ant •8:50p
•6:00p Hay wards, Niles and Sau J05e...... *7i43a
t«:OOi> Vallejo *18:13p
}7:OOp Vnllrj.i, Port Coeta and Way Sta-
tions }9:33p
•8:05p Oregon I. Sacramento, Marya-
ville, Iteildiiig, Portland, Fuget
5..n::.l East »»tIBA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8:1 5 a Newark,! fen rviiie, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations *9t9*)w
f2:l3p Newark, Centorville, San Jose, New
Alniaden, Feltou, Boulder (.'reek,
Santa Cruz and Triuoipal Way
Stationa f8«i»»a
*4:13p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos. # BiaOa
b11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations $7:gop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FUUKCISCO— -Fool of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:CO 11:00 a.m. 11:33 *3:33 i3lofl
•4:00 15:03 •6:oor.'M.
From OAILIHD— TooI if Brondwav.— -(1:00 8:00 10:00a.u.
112:00 "1:00 12:00 *3:03 .1:03 '3:00 P.M.
COAST IX VISION (Broad flange).
-'■' (Third Mid Townsend St".)
■(6:10 a Ocean View, South Kin Francisco.. f6iSOp
•7:OOa San Jose anil \Y;iy Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) »l:80p
•8:00 a Han Joae. Trea Pinos, Sunta Cruz,
Pacllla drove, Paao Itobl'ji, San
r.tiia OKinpo, Surf, Loa poc and
Principal Way Stations MilOp
•lOiIOa Shu Josh ami Way Stations •«:S3a
•11:30 a San Joae and Way StaMons •3:30p
f2:43p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Tren Par.o.-,, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Grove 110:30".*.
»B.SBp San Joae and Way Stationa *7:30p
t4:l3i< San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:43 a
f3:oOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations tOrOO.v
•s::toi- San Jose and Principal Way Stationa *8:33 a
•«:»«» San Jose and Way Stations fB:uo*
fcll:l.">i' San Joae ami Way Stationa *7:30p
A for Morning I' for Afternoon.
Daily. ♦ Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
The FA«:« XSFI'.lt CO HI PA NY
will call for and check baggage from hotels and resi-
dences Enquire of Ticket Agents 'or Time Cards and
other information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. <&
LiBSSEH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Fsrry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:88,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— jSjctra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:00, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
| 3:10, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
| 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, _—
Week Sun- 1*99. Sun- Week
Days. daya. Destination. days. Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm j 10:25 am
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton.
I 7:30 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
I 8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and 1.0:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 m 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:25 am
1 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:20 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pmj 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 8:05 pm 8:20 pm
f T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:30 pm 6:00 pm i 7:35 pm 6:80 pm
] Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weal
i Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
j tor Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdnle for the Geysers; at Hop-
j land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
j Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
I port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
i Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
i Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerlejr*a,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesbora, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
: Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
i .Ding's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
i Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a*
j reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. 1
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
■ ' Lin— — — mmmmrn — — a— ■— — ai
Santa Fejfotitß
— —^m
mi^^- *% \w
(HI #^ ""V *Ct__4stt
] ||r rPHOENIH
yj»^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
;M : =
■* THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 5:50 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL;
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
*7:20 am: {10:30 am Stockton I 13:40 pml 6:00 pm
9:10 am ; . 2:05 pm Merced 112:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am;. 6:35 pm Fresno tS:00 am 2:42 pm
U:3S am . 7:45 pm Hanford ! T7:00 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm .12:30 am Bakersfleid .1:00 am 11:00 am
11:53 am f6:25 pm Visalla .5:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm t6:53 pm Tulare I 54:25 am »1:05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. JExcept Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 623 Market st-;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Offlce. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J at.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara at.
MO UN J IA.viALPAIi SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1898.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. '
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
/^~\>. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAKIVY ST. Established
Ifflftlra ''' ,83 "* for the treatment of Private
fejLiJ^fe'iSM '- se * s *' 8 » Lost Manhood. Debility or
-^j^HBl! disease wearing on bodymdmlndand
t^aS2Bp3>M6-l > ' kin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
«2§s*S»sip'J others fall. Try him. Charges low
.^WHHt 4iiiei.Kiiaranleed. Callorwrite.
!»r. j. __-. uIKHOS. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco
WeeHy Gall $1.00 Year
1314
CQNLON MAKES
A BAD BREAK
Oil TBE STAND
Desks Purchased but
Not Delivered.
— »
BUG IN A SI O,OOO CONTRACT
— —
GRAND JURY AFTER CORRUPT
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
«
J>r. Gedge and His Partner Went Be
fore the Inquisitors to Protest
Their Innocence Without
Being Summoned.
The Grand Jury is determined to get at
the bottom of the Board of Education
scandal, if such a thing ls possible, and
if present indications count for anything
it is more than likely that indictments
will bo found against at least two mem
bers of that body for accepting bribes
from firms furnishing supplies to the
School Department. The energy displayed
by the members of the Grand Jury in
investigating the charges of corruption
that have been made against Gedge and
Conlon has started shivers of apprehen
sion chasing up and down the spinal col
umns of that unsavory pair, while Di
rector Kemp's disgust at the manner in
which lit- was bunkoed out of what he
considered his share of the "boodle" has
been succeeded by a fear that he may
also be Indicted.
Yesterday these three worthies rushed
panic-stricken before the Grand Jury,
each for himself, to testify to his indi
vidual honesty, In their anxiety, however,
they overreached themselves. They had
not been subpenaed, and If they were in
nocent they could have trusted their fate
safely in the hands of the Grand Jury;
but reason was blinded by the knowledge
t>f their dangerous position, and they tried
a plan that may, alter all, prove their un
doing.
Their actions while waiting in the ante
room for an opportunity to be heard were
suspicious to the last degree. They sat
in one corner of the room for more than
an hour conferring in whispers that is,
i ledge and Cordon did. Kemp was there
part of the time, but his nerves were on
edge, and frequent visits to near-by dis
aries of "grocers" were necessary to
keep up his flagging courage. But Kemp
never got .- chance to protest his pureness
of art and purpose before the Inquis
itors, for by tne time that body had fin
ished with the other two it was ti p. m.,
and an adjournment was taken.
Conlon was the first to be called. He
entered the Grand Jury room with his
little story of how he had been vilified
and abused on the tip of his tongue, but
he had not been under fire five minutes
before the weakness of his defense was
apparent to the most obtuse Juryman in
the room— and the Grand Jury is com
posed of an exceptionally intelligent
body of men. Conlon's discomfiture was
caused by his reference to the purchase
from C. F. Weber & Co. of a $10,000 lot
of desks for the School Department.
What has become of JSOOO worth of these
desks Is one of the things that the Grand
Jury is desirous of knowing. Kemp was
asked the question, but claimed he did
not know. He could not tell whether the
desks had ever been received, or If re
ceived how distributed, notwithstanding
the fact that he is and was at the time !
the purchase was made chairman of the
committee on supplies. In fact, so far as
his knowledge went the desks are as com- i
pletely lost as though they had never j
existed.
Dr. Gedge was next given a chance to
clear himself and went to the task with
an assurance worthy of a better cause.
He protested solemnly that he had never
received $2000 nor any other sura as a
bribe, and sought to convince the jurors
of the absurdity of such an assumption
by quoting the price paid for the station
ery supplies, which would preclude the
possibility of the successful bidder pay
ing such a large commission. He did
not attempt to explain where the $8000
worth of desks had gone, however. Dur
ing the course of his testimony Gedge at
tributed his accusation to the animosity
of George Walker, the man to whom he
confessed the acceptance of a $2000 bribe.
In addition to the two directors several
other witnesses were examined, but their
testimony was unimportant. C. S. Bene
dict appeared to testify to the good char
acter of Dr. Gedge, although he had not
been subpenaed as a witness. J. Curtis,
tenting the firm of Payot, Upham &
Co., and C. M. Wiggins, representing the
firm of the Whitaker & Ray Company,
testified in regard to certain supplies fur
nished the department.
The Grand Jury will hold a special ses
sion this afternoon and evening to fur
ther investigate the School Department
scandal.
Bazaar of St. Brendan's Church.
Well merited success has attended St.
Brendan's Church fair which is now in
progress. The excellence of the enter
tainments given each evening has made
the fair popular with the pleasure-seek
ing public and as a result the attendance
has been large. The Inclemency of the
•weather last evening did not have the ef
fect of diminishing the attendance. The
programme was under the direction of the
Ladies of the Children of Mary booth
and the church choir booth and contained
many pleasing features. The fair is
scheduled to close to-morrow night, but
It is possible tbrtt It may be continued
several days next week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!1 I9OO'S - - $40 I
3 ARRIVE NOV. Ist |
J AGENTS WANTED. |
I 1899 I
I (3 fe^SSC a I
S BICYCLES 7?
I $35 |
Bl WHILE THEY LAST. I;
1 THOS. H.B. VARNEY, 1
|? Market and 10th Sts., S.F. |
| OPEN EVENINGS. |
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of AH Kinds
Fop the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A, HYDE,
4KJ. HvmU&aimn St.. »sm PrmtnUtaa
GLORIOUS CLIMATE ABDICATES
IN FAVOR OF REAL WEATHER
MANY San Franciscans believed
yesterday that it was raining.
Never were they more mistaken
in their lives. The hot wave
of last Sunday had merely
reached high heaven and made the
angels weep. Of course it would
be impopslble to force Forecaster
McAdie to admit any such thing. -
He insists that the downpour was
caused by a low temperature re
sultant from the collision of a storm
from Mexico with one from the north.
And a mighty mean low temperature
It must have been to spoil such an
angelic theory. Catch a well-bred min
imum or maximum temperature doing
anything of the sort! Never! Only
the lowest of low temperatures could
descend to such depths.
This one, at any rate, according to
McAdie, was caused primarily by the
storm from the republic to the south.
It blew up through the pepper patches
and the tamale beds at a great veloc
ity, getting hotter and hotter as it
came. It struck San Francisco in the
midribs and made it groggy. The luck
less city reeled to its corner, perspir
ing at every pore, faintly calling for
the iceman.
Out from the north there was some
thing charging for a reckoning with
the hot wave. A very Southern Pacific
of a storm, bound to bump into some
thing, was gathering from the glaciers,
and when it started it brought with It
a wave as cold as a 5 o'clock tea. The
two waves met Tuesday night, head
on, just beyond the bar. The collision
was terrific, and water was thrown all
over the adjacent ocean and Marin
County. A little of the sprinkle ar
rived here the same evening, but the
real thing came yesterday morning,
descending first in a tattoo of hall and
later descending in an air-purifying,
eewer-flushlng noonday shower.
WARDEN VACANCY AT
FOLSOM STATE PRISON
TWO REPUBLICAN APPLICANTS
FOR THE POSITION.
Directors Will Meet To-Morrow at the
Prison— Report That a Dem
ocrat Will Be Chosen.
The Board of State Prison Directors
will meet at Folsom to-morrow and con
sider the subject of selecting a Warden
to fill the vacancy caused by the death
of Charles Aull. The directors have de
cided to appoint a Democrat, holding that
a custom long established is, in effect, an
unwritten law, and that the Warden at
Folsom shall be a Democrat if the War
den at €an Quentln is a Republican.
Warden Aull, a Democrat, held office for
three terms. Owing to the favorable in
fluence of Irwin C. Stump, who was chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee in the campaign which culmin
ated in the election of H. H. Markham as
Governor, Mr. Aull was retained in office
throughout a Republican administration.
No change, of course, was made when
Governor Budd came into power, and no
change was contemplated, so far as can
be ascertained, by the present administra-
I tion.
There are two Republican aspirants for
the wardenshlp. Ex-Sheriff Thomas Cun
ningham of San Joaquin has many strong
backers for the place. Ex-Sheriff Mark
B. Ivory of Contra Costa County ls in
; dorsed for the position by many prom
inent Republicans. The Prison Directors
have not announced the name of a Demo
crat for the place, but the announcement
will no doubt be made at the meeting to
morrow.
ST. JOSEPH LADIES' AT HOME.
Their Programme the Feature of the
Youths' Directory Fair Last
Evening.
The Youths' Directory festival continues
to be an attraction, and despite last !
nighfsdownpour the attendance was fully i
up to the average. The feature of the \
evening's programme was the "at home" I
of the ladies of St. Joseph's union booth. i
The ladies were assisted in entertaining !
their friends by a number of well-known I
amateurs, who provided a musical pro- 1
gramme of exceptional excellence. There
were numbers by Graber's Mandolin Club,
Sandy and Manlloyd, Miss Kitty Black
and H. Gallagher, and an exhibition of
fancy dancing was given by K. Broche.
This evening the ladies of the Charltv
booth will receive their friends. Mrs. < '.
Cassassa will be in charge and will be as
sisted by Mesdames Johnstone, Gallagher,
C. J. Walsh, Dinnlene Horrigan, Halpin,
Keane, Misses L. Keefe, K. Cassassa, M.
Corrigan, Dunn, Keane, A. Connelly and
L. Connelly. The musical programme will
be furnished by the Market Street Rail
way band.
There will be a reunion next Tuesday at
Native Sons' Hall of the friends of the
Youths* Directory. The comedy "Turned
Up" will be produced by students of St.
Ignatius College and members of the
Western Addition Club. A dance will fol
low, for which music will be furnished
by the League of the Cross band. The
floor committee consists of John D. Ma- '
honey, Daniel D. Ryan, Harvey Maher. j
Antolne Pilcovich, James P. Booth, Frank i
P. Haynes, George Connolly, John S. Ban- j
nerman and Eustace Culllnan.
COURT NOTES.
Frances J. Murphy Le Gonidec, wife of
Raoul Gabriel M. E. Le Gonldec, has sued
William H. Fitzhugh, Mary E. Fitzhugh,
William G. Henshaw, Willis E. Davis, the
Union Trust Company, the California Ti
tle Insurance Company and various ficti
tious defendants, to foreclose a mortgage
of $35,000, with $4527 64 Interest, on seven
teen blocks of land in the Stanford tract,
near the Park. The suit was filed by
plaintiff's counsel, Maguire & Gallagher.
"Lucky" Baldwin appeared in Judge
Megan's court yesterday to answer to the
charge of violating the fire ordinance by
erecting; a brick wall at Market and
Powell streets without obtaining the nec
essary permit, and by consent the case
was continued till to-morrow to be set
Ah Chung, who was arrested Wednes
day for expectorating In the City Hall
corridors, failed to appear in Judge Mo
fan's court yesterday when his name was
called, and the Judge declared his ball of
$5 forfeited.
St. Peter's and St. Paul's.
At St. Peter's and St. Paul's Bazaar last
evening the ladies of St. Rose's booth,
under the direction of Mrs. Maosero,
had charge of the entertainment. Mies
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1899.
It has knocked the hot wave Into
smithereens; the glorious climate of
California has become weather, and
Forecaster McAdie says it will remain
as unsettled as tailors' bills until an
other period of high temperature hap
pens along from God knows where.
The downpour has been general
throughout the State and Arizona,
while in Nevada and Utah it has been
snowing on Indians and Mormons. The
precipitation was somewhat heavier
than is usual in October, and the ac
companying cold snap might have
caused serious damage to fruit grow
ers had not Forecaster McAdie grasped
the situation as he did and sent out
warnings in ample time for growers
and dryers to protect the matured
crops.
In Arizona the downpour was even
heavier than in California, 2.32 inches
falling at Flagstaff up to 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. The Nevadans
and Salt Lakers are the people who
are getting it. One day they got the
warning that something was coming,
md the next day It snowed.
O'Rourke sang a contralto solo; Miss
Beronio gave a selection on the piano
and the "fan" chorus proved to be a
great attraction. St. Rose's booth was
handsomely decorated with flags on the
exterior and with cut flowers, potted
plants and bric-a-brac in the interior.
Pansies and Thought and work
produce wondrous results. Atchison
(Kans.) people take notice. "Keith's"
window, SOS Market St., Pheian building. *
Fell From a Scaffold.
Mike Hopkins, a hodcarrier, about CO
years of age, employed on a building in
course of erection on Mission street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth streets, fell from
a scaffold yesterday a distance of about
twenty feat. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where Dr. Stephens
found that three of his ribs were- broken
and his left lung was punctured. He was
later sent to the City and County Hos
pital.
In the Divorce Court.
Emma L. Hughes has been granted a
divorce from William P. Hughes on the
MADE ATTORNEY FOR
COAST BUSINESS MEN
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury.
EBEN S. PILLSBURY will represent. in a legal capacity, the whole
salers and Jobbers and manufacturers of the Pacific Coast before the
Interstate Commerce Commission in St. Louis next month. This was
decided upon, yesterday and the vote of the Pacific Coast Traffic As
sociation's executive committee was unanimous ln the selection. The
hearing on rates, differentials and terminals will take place on November
18. Mr. Pillsbury is not supposed to know as much about rate matters as
the merchants and jobbers, and representatives of the Traffic Association
who have made a study, of rates and all that appertains to them will also
go to St. Louis. Mr. Loveland, the chairman of the Traffic Association's ex
ecutive committee, and W. R. Wheeler are certain to go. While It is true
that the decision of the Interstate Commission is final in one sense of the
word there is here a Belief that the matter may ultimately get into the
Supreme Court, of the United States in some shape. Mr. Pillsbury will
guard the legal interests of the coast. Mr. Pillsbury's selection was made
by a sub-committee and waa then ratified by the full committee. The ex
ecutive committee also named Frank Brown, representing the steel and
wire Interest, and Charles F. Tay of the George H. Tay Company as a sub
committee to visit Los Angeles and confer with the wholesalers and Job
bers and manufacturers concerning the work of organizing the business men
of the coast. |
Forecaster McAdie was not prepared
yesterday afternoon to predict the
limit of the present storm. He is of
the opinion that it will sweep to the
south and east in a few days, visiting
Texas and Louisiana with heavy rains.
ground of cruelty. Ida B. Mitchell has
sued Charles 11. Mitchell for a divorce, al
leging failure to provide as cause of ac
tion. Charles A. Jackson asks for a di
vorce from Anna W. F. Jackson on the
ground of intemperance. Su.ts for divorce
on the ground of desertion have been filed
by Willametta Hutchinson against Sterl
ing Hutchinson, Mary C. Kelly against Jo
seph Kelly, Charles L. Whitney against
Kate L. Whitney, Emlle Loupe against
Margery Loupe and An.iie E. Hagedorn
against Herman Hagedorn.
BURGLAR ARRESTED.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 12.— J. W. Durdock,
who is supposed to be an Eastern crook,
was arrested in the act of breaking into
the room of C. Mattel, in the Swiss Hotel,
this afternoon. Ho had entered the room
by means of a skeleton key and then
locked the door. Some Jewelry and a
bank book for several hundred dollars
that had been taken were found under
the bed by Officer Humburg, who made
the arrest.
Dr. George I. Drucker, dentist, has re
turned and will resume practice at 1170
Market street. •
ALL READY NOW
TOR MUNICIPAL
POLITICAL WAR
Republican Commit
tee Is Announced.
CALL FOR EARLY MEETING
GRAND RATIFICATION SATUR
DAY NIGHT.
Big Registration Indicative of Re
publican Success Large Enroll
ment in Horace Davis
Central Club.
Sheldon G. Kellogg. chairman of the
Republican local convention, yesterday
announced the appointment of the new
Republican county committee. In ac
cordance with the purpose of the conven
tion the committee consists of eighteen
members at large and four from each of
the eighteen Assembly districts. In the
selection of men to manage party affairs
In the city the chairman consulted the
wishes of the various district delegations,
thus giving the principle of local self
government the broadest recognition.
There will be a meeting of the new
county committee next Saturday evening
at the headquarters of the Horace Davis
Central Club. History building, 723 Market
street At that time the committee will
probably organize by the election of a
chairman and secretary.
The following constitute the committee:
AT LARGE.
Alfred Bonvier. Edward M. Buck
ley. John J. Daiigbney. I. B. Dal/.iel,
C. W. Gordon, Max Goldberg, Augus
tus Johnson, John McDermott, John
B. McNamara, John F. McGlynn, Lin
coln D. MncDonald, A. J. Martin,
William Metiner, George W. Pen
nington, A. B. Simmons, A. B. Tru
man, George Winner, James A. Wil
son.
DISTRICT COMMITTEEMEN.
Twenty-eighth District — William
11. Nolan, Charles L. Franklin, Harry
lioy, Charles F. Engelke.
Twenty-ninth District l.eon Sam
uels, Paul Schulz, E. 11. Lutgens, J.
Collins.
Thirtieth District — J. J. More
house, B. G. Soniers, Richard Cox,
Daniel Crane.
Thirty-first District — William Of
fernian. E. 1,. Nolan, T. J. Sullivan,
11. McMahan.
Thirty-second District Lawrence
Hoey, Thomas Duff, J. Lucy, John
Ahem.
Thirty-third District Louis Non
neinnnn, James F. Kelly, Thomas
Hnynes, James Hennessy.
Thirty-fourth District .1. K. C.
Hobbs, 11. C. Henderson, Z. T. Barber,
M. V. B. Taylor.
Thirty-fifth District — John R. Hill
man, F. W. Warren, Perry J. Smith,
Richard Herring.
Thirty-sixth — William 11.
Teigeler, Alpheus Duffee, John J.
Hore. Henry E. Holmes.
Thirty-seventh District — T. V.
Maxwell, J. F. Newford, Augustus
Tllden. James H. Humphreys.
Thirty-eighth District J. C. Zel
lerhaeh. M. A. Riordan, George 1,.
Sharp, J. C. Bnurbln.
Thirty-ninth District — T. H. Mc-
Carthy, F. D. Worth, A. A. Louder
back, J. J. Sullivan.
Fortieth District — Charles L,.
Field, Lewis G. MeMullen, I. J.
Asehheim. F. W. Meyer.
Forty-first District — Maurice
Brandt, ..nrelins E. Buckingham,
Nathan H. Frank, Samuel K. Mitch
ell.
Forty-second District —A. R.
Smith, R. H. Mowbray, I. J. Tru
man Jr.. Orlando M. Marsh.
Forty-third District — George J.
Boyne, F. G. Robrecht, John J. Curry,
Charles L. Benton.
Forty-fourth District — Dr. AY. C.
Eldenmuller, Dr. R. C. Meyers, L. A.
Rea. A. Ruef.
Forty-fifth District — Thomas R.
Evans. James Carr, W. B. Miller,
John Daley.
Republicans are preparing for the ratifi
cation meeting to-morrow evening. It
was reported in one of the dally papers
recently that the Democratic ratification
meeting would be held at Metropolitan
Hall on Saturday evening of this week,
but the Republicans have engaged the hall
for that evening, and they hold a receipt
for the prepaid rent.
No doubt Democrats will be cordially
welcomed by their fellow-citizens of Re
publican faith. Democrats could not nut
their time to better use than in listening
for a half-hour to the plain language of
that exemplary citizen the Hon. Horace
Davis.
The registration, which closed last
night, renders it certain that a very
large vote will be cast at the municipal
election. A large registration Is always
indicative of Republican success. There
is a marked change of public sentiment in
favor of Mr. Davis. Republicans who
were debating the question last week
whether they should cast another ballot
for Mr. Pheian have settled the problem
by resolving to support Mr. Davis, be
cause he is the Republican nominee and
in every other respect worthy of the in
dorsement of the people of San Francisco.
When Mayor Pheian happens to be cam
paigning in Republican districts he is
very anxious that national issues and
party topics should not he discussed In a
local contest. When addressing a Demo
cratic audience at Metropolitan Hall he
takes another view of the subject. When
he was advertised to address a Demo
cratic mass meeting in this city on August
4 The Call fancied that he would "slop
over," and therefore engaged an expert
stenographer to report his speech ver
batim. The Mayor, with the assistance
of an evening paper, is now trying to
square that speech with subsequent ut
terances, but the matter is not adjustable.
Another extract from the Mayor's Dem
ocratic speech on that occasion may in
terest Republican voters. The Mayor
said: "The old Democratic party that
came down from Jefferson has traditions
which appeal to us all. It has always
been the closest party to the people. And
when Mr. Lane says he Is surprised that
the Republican party has not at any
time inspired the confidence of the peo
ple, notwithstanding that it had with It
such men as Abraham Lincoln, he can
be easily answered when we tell him
that the personnel of the party is com
posed unfailingly— and you see it In this
city — of the men who prey upon the pub
lic revenues and avoid their share of
taxation and who subsist upon special
privileges. You can't regenerate the Re
publican party In municipal affairs for
that reason."
When Horace Davis speaks of living
national issues in which every citizen is
concerned Mayor Pheian calls him a
traitor to the charter, but shades of
Monticello, Pheian can bring out Thomas
Jefferson and the early century traditions
of the Democratic party and no one for
that challenges his loyalty to the spirit
of the new charter. In the name of con
science one may ask what Mayor Pheian
means by this Jeffersonian diversion.
The charge made by the Mayor that
the Republican party is composed unfail
ingly of men who avoid their share of
taxation was unwarranted, unjust and
untrue. Republican tax payers may re
sent it at the polls on November 7.
The enrollment of voters in the Horace
Davis Central Club Is progressing rapid
ly. The organization promises to exert
great influence in the cause of good gov
ernment.
Members of the Democratic County
Committee have been notified to attend
the Initial meeting of that body at B'nai
B'rith Hall to-night.
A Democratic ratification meeting will
be held next Monday night at Metro
politan Temple for the purpose of indors
ing the nominees of the late Democratic
convention. '
The Deane Non-Partisan Club of the
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
M^ DRESSY
- gg» CHAPS
LIKE
/^gL^ CM THE
\ >^^v F? TOP
Vfbf M^ COAT.
*«S \\\\ i' ''i^v ■ /& li: ' s a manly, dressy
r*» J* ll a Si /l ikr V\ Winter Overcoat.
\%f I Ik / ( \ a £ reat Tnp ~
\LJ Jin J I \ oa * Special for Fri-
\^\\\ © mS^ I IV^I rfa?/ a * d Saturday.
f\^**\C/\ ii yl "I Slide from a fine
™L 4r\L ; «=s^j grade of English Cov-
\ I %^fcV \ 3 cr^ Cloth, in a pretty
| t|V A l l'\(^ light shade, raised welt
I llW^ T 1 |____-ii_ly seams, velvet collar,
1 I ' IESB^KJSf $ 6 - 00 always.
■ 1 iSF VM 4£o OCT
/J I If M Jpo»yo
/i# ll j a IS /SH Friday and Saturday.
JMi '/ ■ % H^ w_ Sizes 3to 15 years.
/i M 1 RAPHAEL'S,
/ _^|l 7 /I ]i| X\\ INCORPORATED.
>.^^ // 111 -s^r' King Fins for Over-
-7 // I £7^ coats,
1 — «■■*>» —^^ Corner Kearny Street and Union
o* Square Avenue.
Thirty-third District was organized on
Wednesday evening, October 11. at 1450
San Bruno avenue, with a membership
of seventy-seven. The officers elected
were: President, Fred H. Flynn, 2607
Twenty-fifth street; first vice-president,
George Conners, 2708 Twenty-fourth
street; second vice-president, Patrick
Toohey, 1452 San Bruno avenue; secre
tary, William Collins, 1457 San Bruno
avenue;, treasurer, James McGlaughlin,
1311 York street; executive committee-
Harry Magee, Peter Conley. Michael Mul
rooney, Thomas McGlaughlin, Peter Far
rington; sergeant-at-arms, Michael Mc-
Carthy.
SALASSA IS
SUBLIME AS
DON CARLOS
npHOSE who heard "Ernani" at the Ti-
THOSE who heard "Ernani" at that so
voli last night will concede that so
I far Salassa's Don Carlos, King of
Spain, was the best work this full
fledged artist has done in this city. Pos
sessing a truly royal stage presence, com
manding a kingly deportment and being
the lucky owner of a barytone the equal
of which is seldom heard on any operatic
stage, it may easily be imagined that Sa
lassa's King Carlos was a dramatic cre
ation over which the most blase music
lovers may well go into ecstasies. His solo
toward the end of the fourth act was
most assuredly a masterful vocal effort,
not alone because of the rare quality of
the voice, but also because of the care
and, may I say, science of execution. Sa
lassa's success is by no means restricted to
his vocal triumphs, but his dramatic tem
perament, his painstaking adherence to
elocutionary effect and his realistic mim
icry combine to make him a king in his
element.
While the lion's share of the success
must be accorded to Salassa, because his
is the most responsible role of the play, it
would be unfair to withhold praise from
the other artists whose assistance was
necessary to complete the performance.
Avedano had no opportunity to exhibit
the full scope of his ability until the last
act, where he showed his worth in a duet
and a trio. Anna Lichter, too, had not
very much chance to display her advan
tages and it is so much more credit to her
that she made very much of her part and
did the little with that care and polish
which mark all her operatic work. G. S.
Wanrell, after a rest of several weeks,
came once more to the front and con
vinced his listeners that his delightful
basso cantante becomes an ornament to
the cast because he knows so well how to
use it to advantage, and because his
method of singing is strictly in accord
ance with the principles of true art. His
Don Silva was exquisite.
But the grandest part of last night's
performance was the finale of the fourth
act, where the chorus showed its utmost
strength. It received five curtain calls.
Max Hirschfeld and his splendid orches
tra contributed their invaluable aid. «_nd
now I have written another eulogy orr the
Tivoli Grand Opera Company, but what
will you? It is true eulogies, when too
often repeated, become tiresome. But it
is not my fault that the Tivoli has such
an excellent company that an adverse
criticism would be defamatory. "Ernani"
will be repeated on Saturday and Sunday
evenings. This evening "Satanella" will
be repeated ALFRED METZGER.
ARGONAUTS AT PLAY.
Forty-Niners Enjoy a Reunion at
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Oct. 12.— Just fifty years
ago to-day seventy-nine argonauts, all
residents of Cayuga County. N. V.. who
had formed the Cayuga Joint Stock Com
pany, whose purpose was the Quest of
gold in the hills and rivers of the Golden
State, disembarked in San Francisco after
a stormy ocean voyage of 226 days in the
good old bark Belvldera, which facetiously
has been described by the venerable
Captain Samuel Barney as being forty
feet long, forty feet wide and forty feet
deep. So far as known there are but
ten survivors of that band and six of
these to-night celebrated the fiftieth an
niversary of the event of their disem
barkment, Timothy L. Barker, the re
tired merchant, residing at 1119 Castro
street, being the host of the occasion.
The Barker mansion was brilliantly Il
luminated and the decorations were su
perb. Over the main entrance floated a
huge silk American flag. On the banquet
table, around which the whetted appe
tites of the survivors were satiated with
the best of delicacies that money could
buy, stood a floral miniature of the bark
Belvidera and toasts were drunk to past
and present as well as the next anni-
versary.
The six surviving Argonauts were Timo
thy L. Barker, the host; William M.
Eddy the banker of Santa Barbara;
Werthing S. Lyon, who for the past forty
years has been foreman in the melting
department of the Selby Lead and Smelt
ing Works, San Francisco; Andrew J.
Haight of Alameda, formerly for years
with the old firm of Moffatt and Com
pany, the earliest coiners of San Fran
cisco, and afterward an assayer -with
Keilogg, Huston & Co., predecessors of
the present Selby Smelting Works; Dr.
William A. Grover. retired physician and
oldest of the sextet; Hiram T. Graves,
lormerly with Moffatt & Co., later in the
United States Assayer's office, San Fran
cisco Mint, and at present secretary of
the Mount Olive Cemetery Association.
They were accompanied by their wives.
The combined ages of the six argonauts
is 445 years. The other four survivors,
who have since returned to Cayuga
County, New York, and from whom
greetings were received, are Dr. Oscar,
D. Munson, dentist; Weston A. Ogaen,
retired merchant: John Choate, hard
ware dealer, and George Richardson,
furniture dealer. Among those present
to-nlght as representatives of a younger
generation were Senator George C. Per
kins, Congressman Victor Metcalf, ex-
Mayor W. R. Davis and Colonel John P.
Irish, who extended greeting to.^ the
guests of the occasion. During the In
terims between the spicy speeches, yarns
and reminescenses, . music was rendered
by Miss Annie Herrick, violinist; "Miss
Bertha Marvin, soloist, and Esta Marvin,
pianist, and the evening closed by the
company pinging "Auld Lang Syne, and
a sentiment to the next anniversary.
Each guest was presented with a sou
venir in the way of a miniature p'.ck,
shovel and pan. and each lady received a
little bucket of so-called nuggets.
Run Down by a Cable Car.
John Gerbes, a crippled cigar-dealer,
was knocked down last night by a west
bound cable car at the corner of Eighth
and Market streets, and sustained a se
vere laceration of the right cheek and a
bruised eye. Eyewitnesses claim that the
gnpman failed to ring his bell. Gerbes
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where hi? wounds were dressed by Dr.
Dray.
Wet Weather at the Chutes.
Nearly 2000 persons visited the Chutes
last night, despite the wet weather, and
the management, wanting to show its
appreciation, opened its larder, gave
away ice cream, candies, popcorn and
everything of an edible description. •
Registration Closes.
Registration closed last night. Up to
midnight 1451 persons had registered for
the day. and 1207 changes of residence
were recorded.
The total number of voters who regis
tered this year is 70,415, as against 62,456.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Investigate First! I
Investigate First!
I 8 Buy Oil Stock j
Afterward!
Is the manner in which all prudent
Investors would proceed, for the fol- j
lowing of that course would ob-
viate all necessity for rectifying
mistakes should they occur. They j
will inquire whether or no a com- \
pany is operating on OIL LAND; £
Sif there are any wells near; n
what the probable net return would
M be from the product of the wells,
and, finally, if the capitalization of
•m a company would permit of the
small shareholder ever receiving a
! DIVIDEND OF ANY SIZE.
We answer YES to all these ques-
-1 tions. Let us PROVE IT to you. ;
£j Until further notice stock will be
I sold at $1 per share.
I Pamphlets and map for the asking. \
!8 SAN JOAQUIN i
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO., I
38 Crocker Building.
Open evenings from Building. j
Open evenings from 7 to 8.
J— — l— ■
Delicious to the
taste — acceptable to
the digestive organs —
Wielands
Extra Pale
is most appetizing,
healthful and nutri-
tious. A beer for the
XlOme. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1 407-1 7 Eddy St.
_ ,
Vases.
Great Left Over Salb
Price® Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices,
Great American Importins Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Stores.
•^•'••••••-♦-•■■«.».». .....«■
,1 The undoubted luxury and comfort. 1
 unequaled cuisine, location and mod- I
1 , crate charges have made the 7
'> PALACE and I
GRAND ;
" n
11 the most popular and fashionable ho- ' '
' ' tels In San Francisco. Operated jointly ' '
1 > under one management. Correspond- 1 1
1 ' ence solicited. 
11 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
' ' Manager. , 1
•■•»••••• * »••»»••»••»»««♦■
\AI. X. HESS,
NOTAHY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid?.
Telephone "rown 981.
Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.
San Francisco.